( ■
? ' mfi'
r
I
''•Ai
MERRY-GO-ROU^D Says FDR Might Veto New Tax Bill
EDITORIAL 1 Wishes All %*f A Merry Christmas
Established 1889
No! But Hell
Volume 56, No. 93
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, December 23,1943
Tiny Hill’s Orchestra Headlines Victory Varieties
President Elliott FinancerQroups Christmas Program Com Show To Speak January! Set New^uota For Ail Service Men To Begin Here At Commencement For Bond Drive Shows Promise On January 11
Ag Staff Celebrates USO Entertains Chfistmas Season Service Men
With Carnivai Party
Committee Plans Two Performances
fre New Year's Day
Mid-term commencement exercises for approximately 95 seniors Svill be held in the Hall of Music at 2 p, m. Sunday, January 2. The UhiVersity students receiving their diplomas will have completed their work because of attending the fall semi-term of eight weeks which closed October 26. Commencement exercises were requested by members of the class who wanted a formal exercise. Academic apparel may or may not be worn, but those desiring to wear gowns may rent them from Gullion’s, Reisner's, Southworth’s or the University Book Store. The graduating students will meet on the ground floor of the Executive Building, frS'm there proceed to the main steps and enter the Hall of Music in this way. Baud to Play Diplomas will be presented by President E. C. Elliott and the symphonic band, "Which now includes a number of army and navy men, will play for_Jbe commencement program. No tickets will be required for the exercises, which will be open to the public. Doors of the Music Hall *wlll open at 1. Graduating seniors will be refuhded half their tuition fee, after the $5 registration fee is deducted. All University property must be returned, all financial obligations fulfilled, and theses completed, accepted and filed by 9 a. m. December 28, in .the Registrar’s office. Regularly scheduled classes will continue through January 1. Triton Club Pledges Eleanor Bauer Betty Beese Betty Carlson Shirley DeGraff Dotty Ellidge ' Jean Ellis Marietta Griffith Carolyn Hyman Catherine Carvett Betty Lou Kinnett Ann Kline Jane Scarff Eleanor Shafer Nola Sweeney Betty iSteen
January will not only bring the new year but also the newest war bond drive. Indiana’s quota will be $223,000,000, according to Eugene C. Pulliam, state chairman of the war finance committee. The nation’s goal for the fourth campaign is $14,000,000,000. The slogan is “Let’s ALL Back the Attack.” Basically the fourth war loan drive is by far the simplest attempted. The individual, no matter where he works or what he does, has a quota, a $100 bond unless he can afford to invest more. A state-wide meeting in Indianapolis January 10 will give Indiana an early start in launching the campaign, and a state-wide fourth war loan radio program will be broadcast the evening of January 13. Actual date for the start of the drive in the nation is Tuesday, January 18. Local plans will be announced later. Ceres Initiates Seven At Tuesday Meeting Ceres, honorary agronomy organization, initiated seven active members and one honorary member at a meeting held Tuesday evening in the assembly room of Ag Hall. The honorary member was Dr. George Scarseth, of the agriculture school. Others initiated were D. B. Bunwoody, H. E. Kiel, G. B. Perry, D. J. Miller, L. E. Wright, E. P. Yarling and A. C. Tuesburg. The new members were welcomed into the organization by Harold Allen. Dale Miller replied for the new initiates. Prof. K. E. Beeson, newly elected president of the National Crop Improvement Association, reported on the recent meeting of that organization in Chicago in the principal address of the meeting. Coed Hours Thursday, Dec. 23, 12:00. Friday, Dec. 24, 1:00. Saturday, Dec. 25, 1:00. Sunday, Dec. 26, 11:00. Friday, Dec. 31, 1:00
Northwestern Professor Expects Large Increase In Romance Language Study
By Intercollegiate Press A 50 per cent speed-up in ability to understand and speak a foreign language is anticipated by Edwin R. Place, chairman of the department of romance languages at Northwestern University, as a result of a unique program of language instruction instituted here recently. The new program, in which the traditional text book is minimized, uses as a basis of instruction in all beginning romance language courses a combination of recordings played on a special phonograph and heard through earphones or loud speakers, and short wave radio. Although records have been used before for supplementary work in the teaching of languages. Northwestern is the first university in the United States to introduce this learning-by-heai’ing system. With a special phonograph which permits control of speed and tonal quality, with earphones which give better reproduction and shut out extraneous noises and sounds, and with loud speakers which magnify the voice and darry it into all parts of the room, the new pi’ogi’am has already produced a marked improvement in pronunciation and ability to understand. ' Over a shoi’t wave broadcasting unit, which can be connected to a loud speaker or earphones, more advanced students get a practical application of conversation, pronunciation and grammp' by listening to broadcasts emanating from
foreign countries and sent from the United States to Latin America and Europe. The new auditory method is being used in Spanish, Italian, Portuguese and French classes. Some of the recordings are commercially made but most have been recorded in the laboi’atory of the School of Speech at Northwestern, using the voices of natives of each country. A complete French text book of 57 lessons has been recorded, using two male and two female voices in order to acquaint the student with voice and inflectional differences. The recorded text uses no English. Directions, vocabulary and conversation are given in French and questions on the lessons are asked in French with pauses for student answers. “The initiation of the auditory method is a step forward in our aim to teach a student to speak and understand a foreign language rather than to be able only to read it,” said Prof. Place. “Usually it takes as long as two years for a student to acquire an elementary speakingability. We expect the use of this method to cut the time down to one year.” Prof. Place and his associates have also found that students enjoy their work more under the new sys-" tern. In an experimental section the class period has been lengthened from the usual 50 minutes to 80 minutes, but there is no loss of interest or evidence of fatigue during the last half hour.
Christmas dinner for trainees and their guests, an afternoon movie and stage show at the Music Hall and dances in both ballrooms Saturday evening are among the highlights of the social calendar scheduled for Christmas Day by the ASTP regimental recreation committee for the soldiers remaining on the campus. In addition, the USO is offering parties at its headquarters at South and Fourth streets, Lafayette, both Friday and Saturday nights. The affair on Christmas Eve will feature an orchestra and gifts for all service men. Christmas dinner will be served between 12 and 1 on Saturday in the company mess halls. Trainees are invited to bring their guests to their own unit’s hall. Show on Saturday At. 3 p. ra. on Saturday a show made up of movie shorts and stage acts will be offered at the Music Hall. Social recreation plan members are invited to attend and bring their wives or dates. The regular Friday evening movie show for trainees who are members of the reci’eation plan will be presented tomorrow night. The feature will be “Girl Crazy,” with Mickey Rooney and Judy Garland. An additional performance is being given tomorrow at 3 p. m. Dances will be held Saturday evening in both the north and south ballrooms. Maury Mahn will provide music in the north ballroom and the ASTP dance -band in the south. Reporter Interviews Boogi^ Piano Player By Cal Streeter ' Almost every noon after chow you will find the little I'eception room behind the west desk in the Union packed with music lovers. The attraction is Teddy Wilhelm, a solid sender from way back. Teddy says he doesn’t care what kind of music he plays as long as it’s boogie. His public doesn’t care what it is as long as Teddy keeps playing. Pvt. Wilhelm began playing the piano 15 years ago. He also plays “at the drums” and on the sax, but “we won’t even talk about that,” Teddy says when the sax is mentioned. He came to the University via Camp Hood, Tex., where he was in the infantry. He is quai'tered in the Ag Engineering Building, and would like to have us put in a word for the boys over there. Teddy plays in the Union whenever he can after chow at noon and night. Last week he was there every day. The schedule is unimportant, anyway, because most of his audience was on its way home, or just on its way, when they heard the solid beat and dropped in to see what was going on. Usually it’s “Outskiits of Town” or “St. Louis Blues,” two of Teddy’s favorites, a la boogie. Teddy plays for his own amusement, but he likes to have an audience and always dx’aws one. You might stop in and listen one of these days after lunch. We guarantee you’ll like it. Pvt. Wilhelm hails from Washington, D. C., where he had his own band for two years. The size of the group varied from seven to 14 men; you know how man power is in Washington. They played regularly at t|ie Wardman Park hotel. Before that Teddy played piano with other Washington bands, Maxie Calloway and Don Gladden. Lf. Gwen Retzloff , . . who graduated from the University in 1941, is the .first woman marine from Indiana to advance from enlisted (o commissioned rank. She received her commission at Camp Lejaune, N. C., after completing eight weeks of intensive training. As an enlisted marine she received her basic training at Hunter Qollege, New York.
Superior crop varieties which contribute most to food and feed needs will be featured in the annual corn, small grain and legume seed show of the Indiana Corn Growers Association to be held here January 11-13. While interest of exhibitor^ centers in corn, still a large display of the better soybean varieties is expected because of the excellent quality of this year’s crop. With the war-time need for a bigger soy bean acreage than in 1943 and maximum acre yield, those varieties ranking high in both yielding ability and oil content will be shown. Several new types of oats will be featured in the oats classes, and provision is being, made for the older varieties. Two types of wheat and Spartan barley -are other relatively new crop varieties for which classes are provided in this year’s
show.
Seek Honor Ear corn classes for both hybrids and open pollenated seed corn and similar classes for shelled show corn will be open, and many Indiana growers will try for the honor of 1943 corn king. As in past years, corn show and crops champions will be honored at a corn growers’ celebration Wednesday evening, January 12, following the two and a half day meet. Dr. Estey Speaks On Post-War Jobs Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the depax'tment of economics and government, raised a number of significant questions on the subject “Problems of Employment After the War,” at a meeting of the International Relations Club Tuesday evening at the University Church. “Some believe that there will be large groups of people left unemployed for a short time in the shift from war to peace time industry after the war,” Estey said. “With a little feax', people under these circumstances will begin saving money instead of spending it, and employers will not hire any mox’e people, causing a fall in prices and wages, and cx’eating a depx’ession.” ^ “Another possible outcome of the employment situation after the war will be a boom created by a demand for all the goods which have been denied to people as a result of war production and rationing. So far we have never been able to stay at the peak of a boom. A possible way of maintaining full production would be to create, more demand for goods among lower income groups. That creates a px-oblem,” he concluded, “as to how to give mox'e money to these people in a capitalistic society. It could be done either by raising wages or cutting profits, but the px-oblem is, how much shall wages be x’aised or profits be cut in order to maintain enough incentive among producers to keep them in business?” Prof. Emrick Announces Openings In Symphonic Band For New Players Openiilgs in 'the Purdue Symphonic Band for students playing trombones, french hox-ns and clarinets have been announced by Prof. Paul “Smotts” Emrick, director of
bands.
The current schedule for the organization includes the winter concert season and also other engagements including bond drives and gi'aduation exercises. Rehearsals ax’e held each Tuesday and Thursday evening. Dr. George E. Davis ... of the education and applied psychology depax-tment has been elected vice president of the Indiana Schoolmen’s Club.
Carnival life, complete with sideshows and fortune-tellers, proved to be the feature attraction at the ag staff’s annual Christmas party held last night in the Union. Approximately 600 pex’sons, including the faculty, all clerical workers, and 200 guests, attended. P. F. Connelly, general chairman, and L. A. Wilhelm, program chairman, headed committees for the affair. ’ The University Women’s Club chorus, directed by A1 Stewart, began the formal program in the main lounges downstairs with a group of Christmas cax-ols. Dean H. J. Reed welcomed the secretaries and stenographers of the ag school, who were special guests of the faculty members and their families. Turkey For Dr. Elliott A large Christmas turkey was presented to Dx*. E. C. Elliott as a birthday presept from the staff, while the University Glee Club serenaded him from the balcony of the Gx’eat Hall. Carnival On Second Floor At the conclusion of the formal program the party moved up to the second floox’, where the corridor had been transformed into a real-life carnival setting. Booths and sideshows lined the walls, and one room was set aside for barn-dancing, with music furnished by a four-piece or-
chestra.
“Money” for the affair was a long strip of tickets printed with “Help prevent the inflationary gap”. These tickets were ufeable at all booths and at the candy and fruit counters. Proficiency Rewarded Four fat, juicy-looking ducks were given away during the course of the evening to those proving themselves extra-proficient at throwing rings around the ducks’ necks. Other prizes "vkrere awarded in turkeyfeeding, peanut-throwing, and weight-guessing. (Note: We got confidential information that thex-e Was something crooked here. The man bx-oke down and confessed after we, neax'ly in tears, swore that we didn’t weigh 300 pounds). Many people were led to the Fouixtain of Youth by a sign saying, “First drink free”, and were disillusioned to find a mere drinking fountain behind the wall of screens. The Purdoil Snake Medicine Company, recommending snake oil fresh from the Wabash River bottom as a new health measux’e, had established their medicine show in one of the
booths.
One of the most startling and interesting of the side-shows was a “Peek” game, where patx’ons paid some of their phoney money to look at pictures the like of which had never been seen before on the University campus. Name cards announced the photographs to be those of “Cuidy” Gannon, the Bax'efoot Dean, “Guess Who?” Hoffman, “Duck” Lehkex’, and others. Guests were all invited to write a Christmas greeting to any of the 130 former ag staff members who are now in service. Green Potters Plan New Frosh Activities According to Ed Easley, president of Green Pottex's, an introductory board meeting was held yesterday evening at 7:30 in the Delta Tau Delta house to discuss plans for the future freshmen eds. Besides the usual Freshman Beauty Queen Contest, the Burning of the Pots and the Freshman Ball, the board will consider the dijafting of a new constitution which will deal directly with the possibilities of having freshman women on the Green Potters board. The constitution will undexgo a few more changes since it has been in effect since 1935. Another new plan which will be presented to the board is the probability of having freshman tea dances in the Union. These plans are only tentative and will be announced a^ a later date.
USO Christmas party tomorrow evening will feature Bob Fowler and his orchestra at the organization headquarters on Fourth and South
stx'eets.
This special Christmas Eve function is being held for those sexwice men who will not be able to go home for the holiday. In addition to the “live” orchestra there v^ill be a gift for each sexrvice man attending the party. These presents are being donated by the residents of Lafayette and West Lafayette for the local soldiers, pailors and marines. The Noel spirit will be fostered by the home hospitality offered by the to"wnspeople to the service men. Arrangements may be made through the USO by those who wish to take advantage of the invitations for dinner on^Christmas Eve, the following noon and Sunday noon. Japs Hold Meier Prisoner On Bataan For Tvfenty Months Capt. Hix W. Meier of Indianapolis, student in mechanical engineering at the University from 1934 to 1937, has been kept a prisoner of the Japanese for 20 months, according to Americans who returned X’ecently[ aboard the Gripsholm. The fix'st "wox’d x’eceived fx'om him since the fall of Bataan was last August, when it was assumed that he was a
px'isonex’.
Capt. Meier, his wife and 5-yeax’-old daughter went to the Philippines in Januax-y, 1941. Mrs. Meier and daughter were among the American*women and childx-en evacuated the following June, and a son, Richard Philip, was born on June 8, 1941. Mx's. Meier and childx’en are now living in Santa Barbara, Cal.
Addition of Lischeron and Adams, adagio duo, to the bill of the sixth Victory Varieties has been announced by the committee. Tie show will be held New Year’s day in the Hall of Music. Both a matinee and evening peifformance will
be given.
Lischeron and Adams appeared on the second Varieties held this summer and are being brotight back by request. Tiny Hill and his orchestra will be featured stars on the program. The rest of the program -will include Sid Blake, comedy novelty act; Hudson Wonders, acrobatic dancers who appeared in “Gold Diggers of 1933,” Earl Carroll’s “Vanities,” Earl Carroll’s “Sketchbook” and lately in Michael Todd’s “Star and Garter Revue”; Jack Holst and Miladj’-, acrobatic act; Peck and Peck, negro dance team, and the Twelve Adorables, a line of dancing girls. The matinee snow will begin at 3:30 p. nx., while the evening performance will start at 8 p. m. Advance sale of tickets will begin soon at local stores. Union Will Hold Dance Saturday Accox-ding to Bob Holmes, publicity chairman for Student Union, a benefit dance will be held for sexrvice men and students who cannot go home over the holidays on Saturday night from 9 to 12 in both ballrooms. Maux-y Mahn "will play in the north ballroom and the ASTP band will play in the south ballroom. Passports-or recreation cards will be demanded of those who at-! tend the dance.
Notice
Exponent will not be published on Christmas Day, but will be out as usual on Tuesday, Dec. 28.
Men On Fighting Fronts Receive Many Decorations, Citations, Medals For Valor
By Treva Davis
American men on the figliting fronts are earning medals, and they are getting them. They are also earning, and getting, decorations and campaign ribbons and badges —some of these in greater quantities than ever before awarded. Since the United States entered the war, there have been 55,009 awax'ds for merit and valor; the army has made about 50,000 of this numbex’. These figures do not include campaign ribbons nor the Ox--der of the Purple Heart. Campaign ribbons are, of course, the most widely distributed; they signify service in the various theatei's of wax-. The Purple Heart medal is next in numbers; it is awarded to men wounded in action. No totals on its distribution have been released, but the most recent casualty figure is 115,201, and it is probably reasonable to assume that there has been appi-oximately that
number awarded.
Washington Started Purple Heart The Purple Heart medal was originated by George Washington and was x-evived after a long period of disuse on the 200lli annivexsary of his birth, in 1932. It was the first American decoration and tlie fiist decoration in history to apply generally to enlisted men. .4fter its xevival it was awarded to Aimy personnel only until last December. An executive order in that month made men of the Navy, Marine Corps and Coast Guard eligible for
the medal.
Another medal which has been given freely is the Air Med.^i; 34,992 men now possess it. In Africa it was given to all men who had made five flights over enemy teriitory. The medal was first authorized in 1942 for “meritorious achievement in flight” which was not great
enough to merit the Distinguished Service Cx-oss. Medal of Honor Most Coveted The most coveted of all decorations, the Congressional Medal of Honor, is still extremely hard to get. Only 50 of these awards for great valor and heroism have been made thus far in World War II. Gen. Jimmy Doolittle is the most famous of those who have received the medal. Even though carefully restricted, the awards are more frequent than in the first World War; only 81 men were decorated during that whole period with this highest honor for valor. Though it is called a “medal,” this award is actually a decoration, since it is given for one pax-ticular act of gallantry. A true “medal” is awarded for participation in a cei'tain dampaign or
expedition.
The Distinguished Seiwice Cross is the Army’s award for an act of hexoism which does not merit the Medal of Honox-. It was established during Woi-ld War I, and over 5200 crosses were given during that period. Only 687 have been given thus far in this war. It would seem that the decox-ations for valor are still being given carefully. New Honors Made It is the intent of the government to recognize all acts of bravery and cases of distinguished service by an appropriate award. In order to do so. Congress and the President have needed to establish numerous new honox s since this war began. These include the Air Medal, the Merchant Marine Distinguished Seiwice Medal, the Medal for Merit (awarded to civiliaixs), and at least a doten others. The distinguished “service men” of the United States, whetjier in uniform or out, will have their services recognized by a grateltd
country.Sn" '
r
i J
A
vj
'
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, December 23, 1943
Purdue Exponent ^ combined with Purdue Independent
Offices; Edii-orial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phene 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor BusiiiCff*? Manager News Editor Manairins: Editor Sports Editors
. Ellis Murphy Mary Dllts William H. Tysoi Carolyn Wilbui Ra>mond J. Smith, Russell M. Eipep
Publicarion Staff Editorial Staff As«;ocin(c Editors: Jack Abbott, Ruth M. Ford, Madelyn A Orotnes, James T Richard'^on Margaret Y StolTes, Jame Ackerman, Frank Vt^h rhAllis Mann Alaitha Leo Riggt Kat\ HoWt^s Afi'^ociitc Sports Editors: Jamc'; F Ackeiman Paul Garber William Garbci, Waiien C Wright Service Staff: Morri'i Better, Gabiiel Elia's, Loo Friedman Jack M'utiro. .Li> Newman, Joiy Koottinp, Bob Baker.
Business Staff
AdverlisinK Manager: C L Gaunt. Asfiistant Advertising Manager: Betty Maney. Circulation Manager: B G Saueriiian.
Staff For This Issue Kisht Edifor: Ahbett Day Editor; Manr City Editor- Grotnes Issue Editor; Rippctoi Sports Editor; B. Garber Reporters; Bavnes Tuesburpr, Goodwill. Gcorgeson. Yarpcar I.J-W1S AiotriKi, Asperger. Rosenberg, Herman, Lewis Brassic Brown, Stcina-rg Staff Photographer; W. C. Tolber
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. act of October 3, 1917. authorized Januapr 20, 1922 Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings dur ing the yeai, e\ccpt certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for $1 25 for a semester, by mail for $1 60 for i cunesUr Subsciiptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc , College Publishers Representatives, 420 hladison Ace, Now York, N. Y.
A Mefiy Christmas
All
I
Today the thought uppermost in our minds is vdishing everyone a very Merry Christmas. We don’t confine our good wishes to our subscribers or to our readers, but give them freely to anyone who is willing to do the same for us. In fact we are even glad to offer a Merry Christmas to anyone who is not willing to do the same for us; in spite of the chill that sometimes follows from those who can not see how this year can possibly bring forth a Merry Christmas. We let the chill pass on in a wave of heartfelt sympathy and wish the good ole “Marry Christmas” to the next person we meet, who is probably the kind of fellow who can see that this will be a Merry Christmas for anyone who really wants to have a Merry Christmas. We have found, by keeping our eyes and f^ai s open, that v hile everyone says there are no pre'^cncs to buy, just about everyone is getcing at Ica.st ant. We heard too that Christmas tre^, ere scarce, but we can't find anyone who was unable to obtain one for this rearon. However, the Christmas trees are not as elaborately decorated, nor are the presents quite as extravagant as in former years. So called “white elephants” are not being passed out; instead gifts tend to be more useful and practical. Lights on the Christmas trees are not seen so frequently and are not turned on quite so often, as patriotic people conserve on pow'er. Even .so it is still a Merry Christmas. Many family gatherings are not as complete as they might be, but the family can still have a Merry Christmas knowing that the missing mem.bers are having a good time under the guidance of the USO, the Red Cross, the Salvation Army, or some other organization of a similar nature. Many family circles will welcome service men to share in the joys of the holiday season, thus filling what might be a vacancy in that group. But even though we have been telling of Christmas joy for all w’ho want it, there are some things we ought to think about more than once during the holidays. The gifts we give here are mighty small and insignificant compared to the gift that is given to us every day by some of the boys overseas. There is nothing we can give ^or take that v.'ill match the sacrifices which our soldiers, sailors and marines are giving so that we might enjoy the Christmas holidays here. Whije we think of those boys “over there” we should think that gasoline is scarce, it is needed on the front; rubber tires are .scarce, they are needed on the front. Let LLs remember to con.serve as we celebi ate, .serthat next .year we can celebrate again. Materials that are not needed on the front or for The war effort are available for all of us and /c is from Ihe.se that w'e must build our Merry Chri.stmas, and a small amount of ingemou.sness is all that it lakes to make a happy holiday. /\lso while we are celebrating we might stop occa.sionally to tlunk why we have a holiday on Ihe twenty-fifth of December every year. We might remember that it i.s a Holy Day as well a.s a holi(la.\, and act accordingly. inevitably as day follows night Christmas will come again in 1944, and our action.s now will ’have more infiuence than any of us .can ve-dViZa on the manner in which our next Chri.stmas holidays w'fi be celebrated. Once rmuc f- wo Editors and all of the Stall'll very Mei'. Mhristmas to everyone.
mSIIIMTOH
Tm U S Pel OK
MERRY-GO-ROUHD
• y DRIW_ PEARSdN
Alvord/ Chamber Of Commerce Lobby May Cause Tax Bill Veto; U. S. Reviews Pat-enotre Case
WASHINGTON—If President Roosevelt takes the unprecedented step of vetoing the tax bill now before Congress, the nation cart thank, more than any other man, Ellsworth C. Alvord, tax lobbyist of the U. S. Chamber of Commeice. Mr. Alvord has been using his influence around Washington for fourteen years now, and he really delivers. He has charm, ability, end, most iittpevtant of all—friends in high places. It was my reporting of his friendship with Walter George, chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, which cahsed the distinguished Senator from'Georgia to become so iftdignant. It is not often that the President considers vetoing a tax bin, supposed to raise revenue, the life blood of the nation. However, the curreht tax bill has been' so emasculated by Senator George’s Finance Committee that if, in the end, the bill bars renegotiation of war contracts, the President is more than likely to veto it. If passed in its present emaciated form, it will be a tribute in part to the tireless, efficient pounding of Ellswortfi Alvord, golfing partner of Senators, whose parties at Burning Tree Country Club are famous. Alvord came to Washington during the Harding Administration, a lean Republican from a .small town in Wisconsin. He had studied law at Columbia, which at that time had a virtual monopoly on the legislative counsel of Congress. The legislative counsel is a group of young law graduates who draft the laws which Congress later passes. Alvord spent three years diafting laws for the Senate and two years for the House. He specialized on tax legislation, later vaulting into the Treasury Department, as special assistant on taxes under Andrew Mellon.
Independent Inklings
“Why do you always have to tell your friends I’m in kindergarten, Mom ? It’s a course in orientation or transitional training.”
Alvord History
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbett
In the middle of the Hoover Administration, Alvord stepped out of the Treasury to set up a Washington law firm with Henry Bond, another Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, and Colonel “Wild Bill” Donovan, who had been Coolidge’s Assistant Attorney Gen--eral. The firm finally split in a quarrel over counsel fees, and Alvord then brought his father on from Wisconsin, where he had a practice netting around $3,000 a year, and formed the law firm of Alvord & Alvord. Though a Republican, Alvord has been shrewd in hiring and offering lush salaries to New Deal Democrats who know the ropes inside the Roosevelt Administration. One is Ralph Reed, once chief assistant to the .Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Another is Joe Blandy, former assistant to the chief counsel of Internal Revenue. Another is Arthur Kent, former assistant general counsel of the Treasury. Another is Fred Lee, a Democrat who was given a jail sentence for destroying records during Hugo Black’s Senate investigation of lobbying, but later won out on appeal. These men really know taxes. And big business long ago discovered that, if it wanted a tax job done in WiishiTigton, the Alvord firm could do it. One of Alvoid’s biggest tax cases began shortly alter he got out fiom under Andy Mellon’s tutelage m 1930, when he handled the taxes of Mrs. Eleanor Patenotie following the .$10,500,000 sale of the Philadelphia Inquirer to the late Moe Annenberg. Alvord filed for Mrs. Patenotre an income-tax return showing a net income of only $28,282.16 Yet the Treasury now claims that Mrs. Patenotie received a total net piofit of $8,690,151 fi'om the sale of the Philadelphia Inqmier. This profit was estimated after figuring deductions and expenses from the $10,500,000 sale. Though the transaction occuned thirteen years ago, the tieasury bumped into this situation only a short time ago. According to U. S.-Tax Coint records, heie IS the reason Why.
Interhemisphere plans were greatly upset by the very recent revolt in Bolivia; and even though the U. S. government does not admit the fact, there will have to be a very quick shift of policies and supplies to keep the new Bolivian government on the firm foundation of the United Nations. ) What the government and some of its hemisphere relation organizations will do to smooth over the ripple in a
supposedly good coat of hemisphere varnish is only a matter of conjecture, but fast action will have to be taken to save a very touchy situation. Even
End Two Week Course To Ease Farm Work
After completing an intensive
more important than the Bolivian two-week course studying ways and
political turnover is the international aspect that the whole affair holds. Bolivia does not play a too major role in the United Nation’s strategy, but if similar revolts occur in other more important United
means of simplifying farm work, 24 persons from 20 states left the University to return to their homes. Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the University’s education and applied psychology division, spoke at the clos-
Nations countries, we may be justly ing banquet.
concerned. Revolts of major proportion could very possibly happen
The course provided for practice and instruction in the principles of
It may be well for us to investigate conditions of independent studehts down by way of Bloomington, seat of that questionable seat of learning—I. U. I quote from a South Befid' newspaper: “While traveling throngh senthern Intiiana this coi-respt'*ident was amazed to find huge signs pasted in Bloomington, saying ‘Vote for Vice.’ I thought Bloomington, home of Indiana tlniversity, has suddenly gofie wild and wooly.” . . . and so did We until we found out that Vic6 was the last name of a very pretty candidate for the title of prom queen, backed by the independent students. ... it sounded good anyway. Full name: Ma'rilyn Vice. ' Well, our South American goodwill policy was advanced quite a bit last Friday when Roberto Hernandez, formerly of International House, married Helen Douglas, exAnn Tweedale girl. ’ ' ' ’ ' “Chita,” the groom’s little (?) sister, almost stole the show at the reception, how'ever. According to the International boys, she is one good reason M'liy we must increase our friendship with the Latin countries . . . and you know the old saying, “Better- Lat-in never.” . . . All of which prompts me to exert the following brain work: Classy 111’ Ann Tweedale was out wolfing one night and met Pp with a handsome Shoemaker by the name of Glen Wood. He wanted to buy her lots of things but inasmuch as he was Oven too much money he didn’t want to take a Cliaunc-ey. He Luma-nated up quickly when she got the ole Collegianna spirit and said she would marry him anyway. He was in quite a Dozian over this. Soon they Kneal-ed at the altar and were married at the Citadel, after which she met his Aunt-Tigonish—-which incidentally, has' nothing to do with the story. Now, Ann didn’t want to MarWood’s attitude toward her so she waited until he went to Dover, travelled over Europe, spent a year in Asia, Circle the Pines in Russia and spent a summer in Brazil. Then they settled down at their home, Casa Manana, and soon had an International House. . . . hello . . . Have you noticed the trimmings dovm at NoVadale House? The girls there seem to have that good old Christmas spirit, with their lighted tree up now for weeks . . . and their mistletoe up for years . . . You ought to have seen the red
face “Queenie” (Mrs. Cooper, house mother) got last weOk when •she walked under the mistletoe ht Glenwood. The reason—ask any of the Luma boys there enjoying a buffet diliner. Pome: Breathes- there a man witir sow! s« dead Who to another ne’er has said: “Ah, ^iit; 'prof, just T^rs afterboon . . . I’ve got to^fcbtch fHe 2:15.” “ ' Winding up with gabbings from Glenwood; Mary Ward of said house “flue” to the hospital last week. Nice woi-k if you can get if . . . and around here it ain’t hlitd . . . congrats to Jo Stone and her Flight Officer who cahre home last week . . . Ester Paul, former Glefiwoodite, ried the knot with Glen Cummings-last Sat. That a'bout finishes Glenwood . . . how about you other houses ? Let’s have your gossip, stories, etc. . . . turn in the facts at the PlA booth at the east desk . . . The girls at Collegianna House, 128 Wiggans St, want it'known that they’re olRcially the ‘'Wiggans Witches” now. Trouble was brewing there last week when the new “Witches” displayed their dislike to the initiation. I wonder wllRt kind of brew it was. Speaking of Witches, mhthinks the Harridens will get me if 1 don’t call a halt now. Just between yhu and me, they’re the ones that Stalked the spell or plague of colds over the campus . . . Witch is it—a spell or plague? . . . maybe they’ll go over to Fowler Hall and start at Plague-shop . . .
WBAA Shortens Hours For Vacation
WBAA will opeiate under a cur-
tailed schedule on Friday and Saturday, December 24 and 25, accord-
ing to G. D. Williams, station, pro-
gram director. Normal operatioh will be resumed Monday, Cecem*her 27. On Friday and Saturday the broadcasting hours will be frohi 12 p. m. until 6 p. m. Programs regularly scheduled for those hours will be heard. Williartis states that thO time reduction ig necessary because of the absence of many of the student announcers during the vacation iperiod.
in Brazil, and an election of a very work simplification and their appli-
pro-isolationist group in the United States next year would be just as damaging to world cooperation as an actual blood revolt.
cation to jobs performed on farms. Special emphasis was given to different methods of teaching people to use these principles.
Patenotre Evidence
When the Inquirer was sold, payments were very carefully arranged to be made in Canada, where the Treasury would not be able to find out what was happening. On March 4,1930, payments totaling $10,500,000 were made through the Royal Bank of Canada in Montreal. Alvord represented to the Treasury that Mrs. Patenotre had made a gift ol all Philadelphia Inquirer stock to her son Raymond, prior to the sale, that she therefore did not benefit from the sale, and that her net income was only $28,282.16. When the Treasury investigated the matter back in 1931 in the Hoover Administration, Alvord went to Europe and came back with a sworn affidavit which he signed himself and which satisfied Hoover officials. They closed the Patenotre case. But now, the Treasury has discovered some sensational new evidence in the Royal Bank of Canada. Though Alvord claimed Mrs. Patenotre had given her son all stock from the Philadelphia Inquirer, the records of the bank show that it gave Mrs. Patenotre, not her son, a certificate of deposit for cash received from Annenberg on the sale of the Inquirer. The Treasury now charges that, “A false and fraudulent document, subscribed and sworn to by one Ells\vorth C. Alvord, including a net income in the amount or $28,282.16”, was filed with the Collector of Internal Revenue. .
Yugoslavian foi’ces under the command of Marshal Tito have again attacked and carried out a successful raid against the German troops that are trying desperately to end the People’s Army rule of the large mountain ai-eas of Yugoslavia. German trpops are, however, finding more trouble than they could ever hope to overcome. The Yugoslavian forces have gotten arms and other military necessities fiom the allies in Italy and the allied air forces in Italy have been willing and eager to fly planes over to Yugoslavia to give air suppoit to Tito’s forces. If increased aid is forthcoming to the Yugoslavian forces, we may see the actual beginning of a second fiont. '
Lt Richard Lerner
... a former University student, was killed in an automobile accident at Elkhart, Ind., December 7, 1943. While at the University Lerner was a member of Tau Beta Pi, engineei--ing honorary fraternity, and was active in ROTC. His training in chemical engineering enabled him to enter officeis’ training school at Aberdeen, Md.
Penalty Days
Thursday, December 23, and Monday, December 27, are penalty days. A student who is absent from any class on either of these two days will be assessed a fee of $5 for each day or fraction thereof missed. —DEAN OF MEN.
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest bits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Main
Lafayette
Phone 7917
MotZmes! MilafmsIuM! diappy Moneys! ALLAN JONES
EVELYN ANKERS
BILLIE BURKE david bruce patsy 6'CONNOR LUIS AIBLRNI STANLEY CLEMENTS nd The KINGS MEN
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW
Buy War Bonds
Mrs. Patenotre Now Abroad
Mrs. Patenotie, daughter of James Elverson, foimer owner ol the Inquirer, mairied a Frenchman, and Alvord told U S. Tax Court Judg'e Kern, that she is now in Occupied France, where he cannot communicate with her. Despite his claim, the U. S. Censqr has intercepted messages which Alvord has sent to his client in Switzeiland, where, however, she may have gone move recently. When the Tieasury first bumped into this tax case, they went to Harry P. Faulkner, formerly of the Bankers Tiiist, now farming at Wingdale, N. Y., who acted as Mrs. Patenotre’s fiscal agent. At first he was quite willing to talk. Then Alvord got to him, and he shut up likq a clam Meanwhile, the Tieasuiy has taken the unusual step ol placing a jeopardy assessment against J. P. Morgan and Company to tie up about $3,000,000 of Mrs. Patenotre’s funds on deposit there. The total tax bill against her, with penalties, runs close to .$4,000,000. . This was the lust big tax job Ellsworth Alvord liundled when he got out of the Treasury in 1930. More about the jobs he lias done for big business will follow later. (Copyiight, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
"THE TEXAS RANGERS"
'FIGHTING VALLEY' — and —
LLOYD NOLAN HEATHER ANGEL
TIME TO KILL' — ALSO —. LAST CHAPTER
— PLUS — LATEST PATHE NEWS
LUMA
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
Where there’s ‘‘Hoppy” there’s ACTION!! BILL BOYD as "Hopalong” Cassidy, in
"of ■
ummu
ONE WEEK STARtfNG tOOAtThursday, December 23, 1943
BoihtmaKef Smrts
Page Sj
Tp Wwlf 0«» Sports fpc
&
In Fmldhoi/se T&day /I'The Washington Redskins, in final preparation "for the National FoothalT League cfiampionship garhe in Chicago Sunday, ■vyijil arrive fci’ere at noon today to work out for two days. .li'Ke Riedskiiis, dependent on weather conditions, will either tTtiiize ^he Koss-Ade practice 'field or the Fieldhouse for their
fin'di’drills. LocaTheadquafters \^ill be established in the Fdw-
lelr Hotel. Lhe squad will leave PdO^RQIUtn PriflS MBR
Kdre Saturday noon fof Sun- ’ ' < rtV's tift witH the Bears. p„|yfg Jy,
.In selecting this university.
j
tlie Redskin officials obtained the home site of the nation’s only undef^^ted and untied major collegiate eleven of the past fall. 'The gridders will be the second professional group to utilize' the Blofierma'ker training facilities since the Cleveland Indian bhseball squad n^de its spring training headquarters at th'4 University earlier this
year.
Sports Shorts 'Bloomington, Ind.—When Indiana’s Hoosiers enter the Western Gpnfei'ence Wars at Purdue on January 8, Ward “Piggy” Lambert, the Boilermakers’ head basketball coach, will know for siire that ' Branch McCi'acken is reallyi’in the Navy and no longer I. U.’s head net mehtor*. The new Indiana coach. Hairy G. Good, has already earned the reputation of “taking things ea^y” on the bench, something McCracken and Lambert never did When the Hoosiers and the Boilermakers got together on the hard-
wood.
Iowa’s basketball defense apparently is improving, each team met by the Hawkeyes successively has sepred fewer points. Nebraska made 38 points and 15 field goals. Western Illinois 32 and 12 and Monmouth made 29 and 10. A remarkable fact is that the Hawkeyes held the Monmouth stars to one field goal in the second half. Madison, Wis.—The University of Wisconsin’s basketball team will
It’s sitill practice, practice, practice for Dick Papenguth’s new swimming team. The boys have befen working out steadily and are even planning on phtting in some extra time during the coming holiday week end. They are preparing for their first meet, to be held at DePaUAv on New Year’s day. Some of the swimmers who ate showing the greatest improvement are Korjohn in the back stroke, Gorby in the sprints, and Brogan in the distance events. The team as a whole is showing a gradual improvement and is expected to show up Well in the five regular meets scheduled fot them this sea-
meet Notre Dame for the second time this season i'n the Milwaukee auditorium on December 31 in one coniest of a New Year’s Eve doubleheader cage show. Other half of the double event will find Coach Bill Chandler’s Marquette five pitted against the rugged Camp Grant soldier quintet. Coach Bud Poster’s Badger cagers do not play on their home floor again until January 3, when they open their Big Ten basketball campaign against Illinois. ^ Madison, Wis.—Lt. (jg) Allen Walz, crew coach at the University of Wisconsin until he joined up with Uncle Sam’s Navy, is still “on the water,” only this time it’s an ocean instead of the placid waters of Lake Mendota, and now he’s fighting German submarines instead of training his Badger oarsmen. Lt.
SERVE YOURSELF at the CAFETERIA
YOU HAVE YOUR CHOICE OE THE FINEST AND BEST PREPARED FOODS OBTAINABLE.
THE CAFETERIA IN THE UNION IS LOCATED WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE OF EVERYWHERE , ON CAMPUS. EXCELLENT MODERATE FOOD PRICES
JhiL fiwidwL TybmxriicxL lAnimL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
6.’’5S %
By Alice Brassie The finals of the intramural volleyball tournament were played off Tuesday afternoon between South Hall and i*i Beta Phi sorority with South Hall coming out the grand champions. Every sorority, ward and hall was represented in the tournament with approximately 150 girls pai‘ticipating. The four leagues taking part were South,Hull, Ward II, Delta Gamma and JPi Phi. WAA will hold a ger acquainted ward party for all women students living in private homes, boarding and rooming houses on Tuesday, December 28, between 7:30 and 8:30 p. m., in the Women’s Gym. The ward plan will be explained and plans outlined for WAA bowling, volleyball, basketball, rlflery and swimming. Plans are well under way for the intramural rifle tournament Which will be held on Wednesday, December 30, at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. This initial meet will be followed by night classes and the final match on January 3. A great deal of enthttSiasm has been shown for riflery as various organizations have already chosen managei's for the teams. If enough girls turn out an intramural basketball league will be staij'ted Januai’y 17. i Class volleyball practices will be held on December 29, 30 and 31. Games will follow on January 5
and 14.
Walz is now commander of a Navy PT boat and has seen considerable active duty. He insists, however, that when this war is over he will leturn to Wisconsin to train a Badger crew that will win the Poughkeepsie regatta. Madison, Wis.—Four former Wisconsin basketball stars, all members of the Badger’s 1940-41 Big Ten and national championship cage team, are now in Uncle Sam’s Navy. One, Ensign John Kotz, has completed training and is now assigned to active duty with the fleet, while three otheis are completing their training at eastern training centeis. They aie Ensigns Bob Sullivan, Fred Rehm and Gene Englund, all of whom hold almost legular weekly reunions in New Yoik City, accoiding to word received from them on the Badger campus. V-12 Basketball Army Basketball Schedule Monday, December 27 Couit 1—6:45, G6 vs. G4; 7:00, E2 vs. Al; 7:55, A5 vs. D4; 8:10, E3 vs. A2. Court 2—6:45, A6 vs. D6; 7:00, E4 vs. A3; E:55, A7 vs. El; 8:10, E5 vs. A4. Couit 3—6:45, F2 vs. Bl; 7:00, B6 vs. E6; 7:55, D3 vs. B2; 8:10, B6 vs. E7. Court 4—6:45, B7 vs. B3; 7:00, Cl vs. E8; 7:55, C3 vs. B4; 8:10, G2 vs. C4.
Grandstand Echoes
By Russ Lipes
\
NOTRE DAME TONIGHT Tonight the Boilermaker basketball squad, seeking their third victory, will face a strong Notre Dame outfit in South Bend. Notre Dame has twice been defeated, once by the powerful Western Michigan squad and once by Northwestern. Nevertheless, the Irish have a strong team and should give our boys a tough battle. We’ll take the Riveters by ten points. Looking over the basketball scoring race, we see that three members of the undefeated DePaul team are leading, with George Mikan way out in front with 132 points in 7 games. BilTLodge, Boilermaker ford^ard, is twenty-fifth with 33 points; however, he has played in but three contests so far.^ A seventeen year old Iowa freshman is pouring them through the rim, having accumulated 80 points in three games, an average of more than 26 points per game. '^He gained 37 of these in a game against Macomb Teachers of Illinois.
WE’RE PROUD OF OUR ATHLETIC DEPARTMENT A lot of credit must go to the Boilermaker athletic department for their support of competitive sports despite the handicap of the war. While all too many schools have discontinued part, if not all, of their sports program, the Rivetets continue to cUrry on one of the most extensive athletic programs carried on by any school. One thing in paiticular that we have noticed, and that is that most schools have a much more optimistic outlook as to the futUie of competitive sports than they did this time last year. We can recall the various opinions and views that were expressed this time last year that stated that athletics would die because of the war and the lack of interest by men in the service. We think that the sports I’ecord of the year since has more than justified support for its continuance, and we also have found out just how much sports mean to the men “over there”. Only recently, Maj. John L. Griffith, commissioner of the Western Confeienee, issued a statement asking for a full program for the comingyear and he also praised the sporting record of the past year. He also urged schools that had closed their athletic program, to reconsider and, if possible, return to their pie-war status during 1944.
SPUTTERINGS Plans are already being made for the second annual Purdue Relays, March 25. This will be the last indoor meet of the season. At a recent meeting of the Big Ten directors, all present were very much in favor of having Hermon Phillips stage another meet such as he presented last March. . . . The Washington Redskins will open practice at 3 p. m. today. No word has been released as to whether or not the public will be admitted, but you can try, can’t you. ... We understand that the Cleveland Indians are interested in having their spring practice here a^m.... Four members of the DePauw V-6 basketball squad that was braken up when nine out of the first eleven were shipped out have reported {^Piggy Lambert. They are Marshall Taylor, George Vemick, Bob Walker and J. Sieber. , . . Merry Christmas. i
ASTR Holds Unique Place In Military Life On Campus By James S. Lewis Among the several thousand service men and approximately an equal number of civilian students on the campus, there is a group of boys who are both service men and civilians, yet in another sense are neither. This unique packet of orphans is always seen in civilian attire, yet they aie in soldiers classes only, and are under military rule. These are the Aimy Reserves, the ASTRP, or the ERC, take your choice. Perhaps this will explain to you the presence of “civilians” in the Army chow line of the Union basement. Perhaps now you will know vhy certain members of the ROTC wear blue name cards instead of the white. Perhaps this will explain why boys still out of khaki speak in feaifiil tones about sergeants and company comnianders. There are only seventy in the newly formed organization on the campus, and only a fe-ffr bundled in the entire fifth service commdnd. Sixty of these seventy are Second
term freshmen, the other ten being neophytes coming into the program just this term. The entire number is enrolled in basic engineering (at the request of the Aimy), with the purpose in mind of training army engineers at the earliest possible moment. The local group is comprised entirely of boys from Ohio, Indiana, West Virginia and Kentucky, their numerical strength being in that order. Second semester boys were enrolled at the University of Kentucky last term, half of iheir number being transfeired here November 1. The boys have been inducted in the same manner as any soldiers, given a serial number, and have been placed under military discipline. They receive no pay, but are furnished books, tuition and meals. Quartered alt the Sigma Chi fraternity house, the khaki aspirants comprise sections 3 and 4 of Company C, under the command of Captain James Howard. At the end of each teim, those who have reached their eighteenth birthday are then sent to basic military training where they become regular soldiers. War Bonds And Stamps
• Southworth^s
HAREM HONEY, DOROTI^IY LAMOUR, as seen in Parnioum’S Technicolor musical, “Riding High,” due today al the Lafayette Theatre with Dick Powell and Victor Moore. Dottie’s dressed up (or down) for one of the numbers she sings, “I’m the Secretary to the Sultan.”
Sauthwarth’s EmiiLpyee^ Wish Ynu All A Mprry Christmas
Stones Closed from Friday, 6:00 p. m. until Monday, 0:00 a. m.
PWEBCOK^SimSIORE
308-10 STATE STREET W£IT UVFAYETTE IN&
Soutlmorth^a
T m I ■ i lo nay Irish Lambert Will Rely On Same Starting Lineup Piggy Lambert’s Boilermakers will go into action on the road tonight to face Notre Dame in the first game of a home and home series. Although the Riveters dropped their game to Great Lakes last Saturday night, hopes are high that they will achieve their first road victoYy of the year agafnsf the Fighting Irish on the South Bend hardwood. The game marts - — I —- tho thirteenth time that the
Olio Graham Proves Himsell Valuable Again This Season
Otto Graham, I^orthwestern’s all-around athlete, who wound up his collegiate football career last fall in possession of the all-time Big Ten forward passing record, now appears bent on seeing what can be clone towards capturing new
honors in baslvStball.
In his fiist appearance in the Wildcat lineup against Notre Dame
Boilermakers hav efaced Notre Dame, with the Riveters holding a three-to-one lead, winning nine out of the 12 games
played to date.
In Notre Dame the Riveters will be facing a team which ha.s been hot and cold in three games thus far this season. Tfie Irish topped Wisconsin, 51-40, but since have lost to Western Michigan and
Northwestern.,
Coach Lambert indicated that he would stick to virtually the same lineup that forced the Bluejackets to the limit last Saturday. Sophomore Bill Lodge, leading scorer, and
1 4. o i 1 eithei Paul Hoffman or Denis Horn, last Saturday Otto scored 16 points ^ ^ i. r .. r j. ,, -. „ ^ freshmen, are slated for the
on five field goals and six free throws to share scoring honors with a teammate, sophomore Bernie Schadler. The Wildcats make their next appearance against Great Lakes on New Year’s Eve at Evans-
ton.
As a sophomore Graham scored 196 points in 16 conference games and last year he rolled up 177 points in an 11-game schedule. This year the Wildcats will play 13 conference games and if he can maintain the scoring pace he set against the Irish he will be able to better his two-year scoring lecord. Off their showing against Western Michigan and Notre Dame, the Wildcats revealed that they will not be entirely dependent upon Graham’s maiksmanship. In Schadler the Purple possess one of the best scoring guards to repiesent them in years. He has^cored 30 points in two games (to lead the Wildcats in scoring, while his defensive play has been highly eieditable. Schadler, who played quaiteiback on the football team, is one of two Benton Harboi, Mich., playeis on the team. The other is Duane Sickels, 6 ft. 2 m. guard, who also doubles in football as an end. Johnny Ward, another, sophomoie fiom Green Bay, Wis., went far towards clinching a starting role by his performance against the lush in which he scoied foiii field goals.
starting forward posts. Jack Kennedy and Stephen Frazier will probably divide time at center, while Charlie Haag, sophomore, and Paul Friend, Boilermaker veteran, will probably remain permanent fixtures at guards. Kivista, Klier to Head Notre Dame Coach Ed Krause, Notre Dame mentor, will also continue with the same lineup that has led the Irish through three games. Leo Klier and Ernie Kivista at forwards, Mike Todorovich, center, and Bernie Rutledge and Jack Kelley at the guards will be the probable starters m the Notre Dame lineup. Fifteen to Make Trip In addition to the potential staiters, Lambert named the rest of the traveling squad, which will include fifteen men. James Walley, Janies Gustafson, Jack Raymond, John Charcolla, Donald Schrenck, Jim McPherson, Sam Vacant! and John Swantz will comprise the remainder of the men. The Riveters will be seeking their tenth victory in 13 games with the Irish, in their second of a threfegame road tup, which includes a game with Gieeneastle Pre-Flight at Greencastle on December 28. The next home game for the Boileimakeis will be against the same Notre Dame team that will be faced tonight, on January 3.
Wrestling Schedule Personnel Notes
Jan. 8—Northwestern,‘ here.
Jan. 14—Illinois, here.
Jan. 15—Wheaton College, here.
Jan. 22—Indiana, here.
Feb. 5—Purdue at Ohio State.
Feb. 8—DePauw, here.
Feb. 12—Purdue at Northwestern Feb. 19—Conference at North-
westei n.
Track Schedule For '44 Feb. 5—Noithwestern and Chicago, here. Feb. 12—Purdue, Northwestern, Wisconsin, at Chicago. ’ Feb. 19—Purdue at Indiana. Feb. 25—Purdue, Indiana, at Illi-
nois.
Feb. 26—Ohio State, Indiana,
heie.
Mar. 11—Big Ten Meet, Chicago. Mar. 18—Tentative, Purdue Re-
lays.
Mar. 25—Tentative, Chicago Re-
lays.
Try An Exponent Classified!
New nnder~arm • Cream Deodorant safely . Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men’s sfiirts. Does not irrit.ue skin 2. Nowaitinfitodry Can be used right after shaving 3. Instantly stops perspiration foe 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor 4. A pure, white, gteaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Awarded Approval-Seal of American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to ^ fabric.
Companies scheduled to visit the campus: Revere Copper and Brass, Inc., Rome, N. Y.—January 11,1944. Interested in M.E., E.E. and Met.E. Also ASTP and NCTP. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, Dec. 31. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., Aklon, Ohio—Jan. 12. Interested in M. E., C.E., Ch.E. and AeE. Sign in Peisonnel Office by Friday, Dec. 31. General Electric Co., Schnectady, N. Y.—Jan. 17 and 18. Interested m M.E. and E.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Jan. 5. Federal Telephone & Radio Corp., ^ Newark, N. J.—Interested in E.E. and M.E. Coming Jan. 13. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, Jan. 5. These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they aie interested in students'for employment: Continental Oil Co., Ponca. City, Okla.—Interested in all aijgineer^, chenjilsts and geologists. Ii irilerested, sign in Personnel Office by Monday, Jan. 3. The Indiana State Peisonnel Division, 141 South Meridian street, Indianapolis, announces a variety of openings for college graduates interested in careers in Indiana merit service. Students in their last semester at the University may take these examinations and be qualified for a position immediately upon graduation. Openings exist in the fields of welfare visiting, interviewing, peisonnel assistance, clerical work and for positions as institutional chief clerk, accountant, statistician, dietitian, recreational diiector, psychologist, bacteriologist, chemist, public health sanitaiian, secondary general teacher, school supeivisor, etc. Further infoimatiou may be obtained at the Placement Seivice for Men, 2955, or by writing to the Personnel Division. 5uy War Bpptf^
'Xii, >-
I
' , ^ -* ^ i ^ P¥t 1 tf s^'l ^ r r i ^ f(5|
1
#
T^^%i .i; ! & I >.
-’^ ^ J» '
^rmy, Navy^- Marine News
For Service Men, By Service Men
Thursday, December 23, 194^,
Air Corps General Describes Potent 'Blue Goose' Bullets
Sideline Shots GIs 'Scuttlebutt And Brine'
By Bob Baker
ijThe “blue goose” is really cooking, the Lincoln Army Air pase states in describing a I'elatively new type of aircraft amf umtion that is almost liteially “blasting” enemy aircraft om the air. The War Department has only lecently released information on what the proiectiles—*50 cahbei incendiary bullets—can do Gen. Arnold, commander of the
i^rmy Air Forces, describes oped to camy aimoied vehicles to mfem as the outstanding small battlefields and bring back disabled
ones They enable the tanks to go
asms development for use
gainst airplanes and states tanks and
- cool niotois The cariieis them-
^at their development has ggives aie armed to repel both l^ade the 50 caliber machine gun ground and an attacks and cany tec best weapon yet discovered for enough food and ammunition for
^rl^nes then crews for several days
ft^ess Secret 'p},g earner’s series of tiansmiss^he manufacturing process IS still sjons and its powerful engines give P^ecret, but it is permissible to re it ^ range of speed and power that ^rt that the “blue goose” bullets enable it to climb steep hills and p&rtain chemicals which generate travel over rough terrain of all a fiame of blast furnace tempera- ]<inds One tire and wheel alone
fare Armor sufficient to stop them weigh 900 pounds
^ too heavy for any aircraft The Jackson AAB News weighs The bullet was originally devel- in with a ser res of inventions some^ed as a counter measure to serf- one could help the Army by invent-
tealmg gas tanks It can penetrate tee sealing device and generate the
l^el
1 The bullets are held accountable tor many news accounts of enemy ^nes bursting into flame on being
ig^nal Corps Suoervision
*ln production under Signal Coips §{|pervision is a lip microphone designed to increase substantially the rfpectiveness of tank radiomen and
ing
A non metallic land mine detector—for use against any plastic mines the enemy has invented, or might, A detector to spot enemy troops approaching on jungle trails, A light (probably using infrared rays) that would enable troops to see objects at night but would be invisible to the enemy, An improved means for friendly
i|her men in communication posts giound troops and aircraft to sig
lilho must have their hands free as each other,
teey work ^ simple process for darkening lAsdescribedby the Jefferson Bar- metals like aluminum that will not ^ks Hub, the new device is a “mid- them and will not reflect light, |ifet” designed to be held easily in method of waterproofing veposition by bands around the ears, so that engines will not stall
and to fit under gas masks and dust crossing streams,
i^pirators It eliminates most out- method of absorbing or elinii 4de noises and gives clear lecep- mating carbon monoxide fumes, and
New methods of sabotage for use
To increase clearness, the mike IS friendly inhabitants of enemy pslfbvided with breath shields act- occupied teiiitoiies
It was really interesting to observe the reactions of out of state service men to Boilermakei Are wagon basketball m the season’s opening encounter against DePauw Pie-Flight for the first half and part of the second, the mop jockeys, bell hops, and dog faces, nonchalantly watching the Riveters bounce everything but the ball, perched on their uncomfortable seats visibly and vocally unimpressed and with that hohum” expression plastered all over then respective pans not a grunt could the effervescent yell leaders squeeze out of them but boy oh boy, vhat a transformation took place when Friend pulled a “Merriwell” and tied up the ball game good ole fiery Boilermaker spirit hit the “doubt mg Thomases” right between the eyes and they jumped yelled, screamed and knocked themselves dizzy right along with the rest of the mob— during the double overtime Chief Clevett is mulling over the idea of starting an all campus ping pong tournament or possibly having a legular ping pong league in all probability each team will be composed of five men with five singles and two doubles matches determining the n inner the Exponent will cairy further details in the near future Leaders in the ASTP bucket league before the flu bugs pulled down the curtain were B1 B2, B4 F2 Cl G4, and G 6 each with two vie tones incidentally, G 4, composed of ROTC men is on the lookout for opponents of any size, shape or form if you want to start a feud, Carl Androff (phone 66562) is the boy to hold the pow wow with a lot of scrappy varsity basketball material has showed itself m some of the games D S Woodbuin is literally running away with ASTI* bowling league his 224 IS high single game, while 634 puts him on top for the best three game series P Olenik with 544 and B D Hull with 528 trail Woodburn in the series, while Hull with 215 and Billens with 207 are next in line in singles the Gutterballs are battling it out with ROTC 2 for top team honors the Gutterballs with 2282 pins and ROTC with 2265 Jim Beers and his recently inaugurated program of boxing instruc tion are going great guns Jim along with his two capable assistants. Chief Petty Officer Neal Champagne and Trainer Swarez has developed many boxers of unusual ability one of Jims proteges V 12 Harry Ochstern, 155 lbs fought two bouts in one evening he won the initial encounter with a k o in the first round and pulled the second bout out of the fire with a well earned decision Harry was lost to the squad, though, a few weeks agO when he reported to Great Lakes another boy of exceptional aptitude is B (Christian a South American flyer Christian, who tips the beam at 165 was a member of Brazil s last Oljin pic team The grunt and struggle artists in the PE classes rvere at it again Monday after a lengthy layoff the poor misshapen GIs were really getting the works most of ’em were cross eyed during calisthenics drill keep ing one eye on the madly gyrating arms of their fellow exercisers while the other optic kept them posted on the whereabouts of the instructor but, all in all, most of the boys kept in fair shape during the three week lay off and participated in the opening activities with an unusual amount of vim and vigor who’mltiym to kid’
Expected Will feature Edwards
AST Unit Will Get
1,150 New Men
Official word was received here yesterday from Fifth Service Command Headquarters at Fort Hayes, Ohio that the University has been allotted a quota of 1,160 army trainees for the next term of the ASTP which will open February 7 The group of trainees allotted to the University, approximately the same as the number enrolled in comparative courses at the present time, will include 476 in advanced engineering 50 ASTP reserves and 625 in basic courses
By Pvt M E West, USMCR
One of the featured acts to be presented m the Navy V-12 show, “Scuttlebutt and Brine”, is that of ventriloquist Don Edwards. Edwards, a marine corps private in training here, has appeared with his dummy twice before in shows on the campus. He gave a short performance at one of the first Friday night .III . ... — convocations and his dummy
Placemenf' Notes
For Women
A representative of Eli Lilly & Co of Indianapolis will be on campus Tuesday, December 28, to in ter view students interested m opportunities with that company
was the sailor M. C. at a Hap-*
py Hour
Edwards is from Springfield, 111, and attended the University of Illinois before he was sent her e Don is not a professional ventriloquist but hopes to be after
Now Totals 1330
The present total of 1330 army trainees on the campus includes 113 in the special personnel and psychology training courses which will end according to plan with the close of the present Army term After finishing interviewing and psychology courses the graduates will be sent to reception centers and basic training centers as personnel advisers
They are particularly interested in the war is over In Springfield he girls trained in chemistry, bacteii- entertained for civic clubs and other ology, pharmacy and business ad- organizations Edwards and his ministration If you are interested dummy also made a tour of all the you should call Placement Service Chicago YMCA boys clubs
for Women, 2966, at once to ar- Uses Talents
range an appointment At the University of Illinois Ed-
—, wards used his talents in various
Ell Lilly & Co—Representative ,vays He was a cheer leader and
will interview applicants for a van- entertained at all university sings ety of positions for men and women and pep rallies On several occaj* on Tuesday, December 28 See Miss sions he gave performances for the Feldt at the placement service for air corps at Chanute Field
University Entertains
Farm Managers In June
Notices
At at recent annual meeting of the American Society of Farm Man ageis and Rural Appraisers, held in Chicago it was decided to hold the next meeting of the organization at the University next June John R Bowen the president of the state organization along with 20 other persons from Indiana, attended the Chicago meeting
Student Senate Workers Committees post ed on bulletin board in office Plenty of work foi everybody —HEINZE
Modern Dance Group There will be^ no dance meeting Thursday Dec 23 —SHATTUCK
Edwards acquired his dummy about two years ago and named it Skinny Dugan, after the fictitious fi lend of Charlie McCarthy He let the dummy lay around the house until he found that he could put his voice down in his throat and make it appear real Don believes that the success of ventriloquism depends upon how cute the voice can be made to sound Pvt Edwards
AWS All Kiris Kraduating in January „ii v,,„ <srrint<s and finds ^ho have not filled o it activities up to date WllteS all niS OWn SCript-S aim lliiu^
must come to the AWS office between 4 and 5 that ad libbing brings OUt more of
Monday Tuesoday or Wedneseday Dec 20
WCT All ntw pledges please meet n shop at 4 p m Thursday Dtc 23 for rci,u lar mtotmi, PURITY
iHf as buffers against puffs of air &om the mouth which would other■^se cause muffled or unintelligible
pounds
Gold Pepper
Omicron Nu
L. Schantz-Hansen
Classified
^^■Even tanks ride into battle now the initiation of Jean Holtson, Kap tee Keesler Field News reports pa Kappa Gamma, Mary Bowlby, earners 58 feet long and weighing Alpha Chi Omega and Mary Ann more than 40 tons have been devel Click Delta Gamma at 7 Fi iday
home economics honoiary in head of the University applied
activities honorary, announces itiated the following girls December design department is author of an
13 Mane Apostle Dons Dombey, article in the December issue of Vera Dougheity Emma Jo Dix, the School Aits Magazine In it Ruth Legg Charlotte Honiiinghaus she discusses the contiibution of
and Jean Aiy allied arts to society
Ads
Chinese Students Club Discussion on Chi nese Women and Food Pioblems m China led by two Chinese girls Mei Si u and Mei Lni 7 1 p m Th irsday Dec 23 —WU
Episcopal Students Midnight Xmas Eve service at 11 10 p m Piiday Dec 24 at St Johns Chiich Sixth and Ftriy Lafayette —THORNTON
Dec
Money to Loan—On d amends watches guns luggage typewriters Alberts Loan Office 40 Columbia
Modern Dance Club No Thurs lay 21 meeting of Dante group
- SHATTUCK
AWS No exec tivt board i
T>pewriters—Adding mTchines all makes sold rented repaiied and purchased Mimeo graph woik done C P Ebershoff 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2779
et ng tonight —RELD
Buy 'War Bonds And Stamps
his own humor Still Has Advantages Although military life has stopped to a certain extent his capacity as an entertainer Edwards finds that he still has some advantages Skinny Dugan is the ohly one in t)ie barracks who can talk back to the sergeant and get away with it During Saturday afternoon inspections, however. Skinny must hide in his favorite suitcase All of Dugan’s clothes are tailored while Edwards’ are strictly GI
(
Try An Exponent Classified!
!
HERE’S WISHING YOU
A MERRY CHRISTMAS, TOO
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
• • •CRAWrl t