T *«
5r-^ ::^ir
V.
^ t
dritc Puriiue TSxoanexxt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLvni
LAPAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1986
NUMBER
Cummins Will Display Diesel # At Auto Show Car On Exhibit From One To Six; Local V' Merchants Assist William Cummins, inventor of the Diesel automobile engine, will be here today to display his car from 1 to 6 this afternoon only as a special feature of the automobile show which is being held in the automotive laboratory of the Mechanical Engineering Building today, tomorrow, and Saturday. In addition to the show in which local dealers are cooperating, Ralph R. Teetor, national president of the S. A. E., will speak at the banquet climaxing the joint meetipg of the Purdue Student Branch and the Indiana section of the S. A. E. John Warner, secretary and general manager of the national organization, will also be here for the meeting and will assist in the formal presentation of the charter to the University branch. In addition to standard models and the Cummins diesel engine to be exhibited at the show, several other unusual features will be on display including W. E. Stout’s Scarab, and a six-wheeled German Tetra. The show will he open to the public from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m. today, and from 1 a. m. to 10 p. m. both tomorrow and Saturday.
Reamers Club Initiates 12 Prof. H. Allen Speaks At Banquet In Union Twelve men were formally initiated into the Reamers Club, honorary athletic boosters organization, last night at initiation ceremonies and banquet in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building, L, O. Buxton, president of the organization, was toastmaster at the banquet at which Prof. H. Allen of the physical education department, was the principal speaker. Ed Welch, keeper of the instrument room, was presented with a carton of cigarettes for work in making blue prints before pep sessions. Those initiated were: R. F. Andres, B. C. Ashworth, J. E. Goory, G. H. Kerber, M. J. Kwolek, W. G. Logan, H. W. McKee, R. P. Manion, D. D. Mason, L, E. Parker, G. Perkins, and M. M. Ross.
Newman Club, CYO fo Give Dance Bob Kelley’s 10-piece orchestra will play for the combined Newman Club and C. Y. 0. dance to be given in the St. Mary’s Gymnasium tomorrow night. A charge of 25c per person will be made. The club wi|l receive communion in a body at the 9:30 Mass at St. Mary’s church next Sunday. Father Paul Deary, national chaplain of Newman Club will talk on “Communism,” at the breakfast following the Mass.
Pi Kappa Phi Pi Kappa Phi fraternity announces the initiation of the following men: L. E. Armstrong, Chicago, 111; J. G. Broberg, Chicago, 111.; H. E. Burkhardt, Chicago, HI.; J. W. Castino, Oak Park, 111.; R. R. Girton, Brazil; J. D. Longfield, South Bend;; D. F. Muller, Boonton, New Jersey; R, H. Suabedissen!, South Bend; T. Foodmansee, Marion.
EXPONENT SPORTS STAFF
All members and all freshmen interested in becoming members of the sports staff of the Exponent, meet at the Phi Kappa Psi house at 4 p, m. Saturday. ,
E Pliiribus Onum Three years and seven months ago our predecessors brought forth on this campus a new student government, conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that students have rights. Now we are engaged in a great debate as to whether that student government or any student government so conceived and,j3o dedicated can long endure. We will shortly meet to decide ^is important issue. We may decide to dedicate a portion of^oul* campus as a final resting place for the ideals our predecessors gave birth to so hopefully. It may be altogether fitting and proper that we should do this. But, ini a larger sense, we cannot dedicate—^we cannot consecrate—^we cannot hallow—such a portion of our campus. Those who passed before us, who gave us those ideals, will have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detra<it. The University will little note, nor long remember, what we say here. It is for us, the present generation of students^ rather, to be dedicate^ here to the unfinished work which they who preceded us did their best to accomplish. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us,—^that from those honored alumni we take increased devotion—^that we today highly resolve that our predecessors shall not have struggled in vain—^that this University, under Dr. E. C. Elliott, shall have a new birth of student government— and that government of the students, by the students, for the students, shall not perish from this campus.
Union Book Fair Stlirts Tomorrow The University will hold its own book fair in the Browsing Room of the Memorial Union Building starting tomorrow and continuing until next Wednesday. Leading publishers all over the country have given their cooperation by sendinga fine display. Approximately $1,500 worth of literature will be on exhibit tomorrow and more will arrive for the display daily. The books may be purchased by students and faculty members at a 15 per cent discoimt.
Todd Resigns After Eight Years Here Leon Todd, who has been in pharge of poultry extension work for the University for the last 8 years, has tendered his resignation effective the end of this month. He recently received an offer to take charge of the poultry work for the state of New Jersey. It is a state civil service job. During his time in the state, he has been very instrumental in the “grow healthy” pullets experiment. Besides his work at the University, Todd has acted as national president of Alpha Gamma Rho, agricultural fraternity, for the past year.
Under The Mirror Book notes from the Browsinsr Room
POETRY The dictionary says that poetry is “the embodiment in appropriate language of beautiful or high thought, imagination, or emotion, the language being rhythmical, usually metrical and adapted to arouse the feelings and imagination.” The Browsing Room has a number of books of poetry on its shelves. Below are listed four little book^ of poetry, all gems. “The Collected Poems Of Rupert Brooke.” One of the tragedies of the war was the loss to the world of this young poet. The exquisite beauty of his • verse promised so much that must go forever unfulfilled. “A Shropshire Lad,” by A. E. Houseman. Herq we have the verse of a gentle Victorian poet whose life closed after it had run to a complete fulfillmept. Written near the close of the last century, these poem§^ of vital beauty make a little book one can enjoy with each successive reading. “Wine From These Grapes,” by Ednh St. Vincent Millay, is by a modern American poetess whose work h*|^s been spoken of by critics in terms of immortality. Those who like her “Fatal Interview” and “The Duck In The Snow” will also enjoy this little volume of poems, “Dark Of The Moon,” by Sara Teasdale. Here are songs about the things we all see and know. Sara Teasdale writes fyric poetry that stirs the imagination and the emo tions. These fonr little books invite your reading for pleasure.
Heaton To Present Termite Pictures R. R. Heaton, ’33, manager of the Termix Company of Indiana, will show three reels of talking pictures at the monthly meeting of the Thomas Say Entomological Society in room 103 of Agricultural Hall, at 7:30 this evening. The reels will deal with the life history, damage, and control of the termite, commonly known as the white ant. The society invites anyone interested to come to the meeting.
Welders Open Conference Here Today Annual Meeting Will Stress Electric, Oxyacetylene Welding Electric and oxy-acetylene welding will occupy important places on the twelfth annual welding conference to be held in the Michael Golden Shops today and tomorrow, under the mamfgement of the departments of practical mechanics and engineering extension. Registration will occupy the main part of the morning with the program formally opening at 1:45 this afternoon with John Douglas of Servelj Inc., Evansville, discussing welding production of light guage welding, followed by talks by J. M. Jardine of Chicago and H. S. Card of Pittsburgh. E. W. P. Smith of the Lincoln Electric Company, Cleveland and T. R. Ditchenwalter of the Republic Steel Corporation of Massilon, 0., will speak on still other divisions of the welding industry tonight in the Michael Golden Shops at 7 and 7:45 respectively.
Triangle
Triangle fraternity announces the initiation of H. N. Behrends, Park Ridge, Illinois; A. G. Eick^ meyer. Port Wayne; R. H. Fatout, Indianapolis; P. T, Prangoes, Chicago, Illinois; J. E. Hammer, Columbia City; J. H. Jacobi, Dayton, Ohio; H. D. Kinzer, Montreal, Canada; R. B. Langohr, Columbia City; E. K. Lown, Batavia, New York; J. W. McClain, Plainfield; R. C. Meleney, Jr., Winnetka, Illinois; W. C. Prechter, Green Bay, Wisconsin; B. T. Witwer, add R. C. Zimmer, Dayton, Ohio.
Delta Sigma Lambda Delta Sigma Lambda fraternity announces the initiation of G. K. Williams, Indianapolis; P. E. Humphrey, Terre Haute; and E. J. Scoonover, as honorary member. They also announce the pledging of G. O. Palmer, Mishawaka; and N. J. Buckley, Indianapolis.
SiJLJIKA No Rassle Story Today Hurray f
Three Choirs Plan Cantata Arrange For Christmas Convo Next Tuesday “The Birth Of Christ,” a Christmas cantata by Alfred Woolen, will be presented by the combined Concert Choir, University Choir, and the Glee Clubs next Tuesday night at the annual Christmas convocation. By an outside amplifying system recordings of Christmas music will start at 7:40 from the front of Eliza Fowler Hall. “Come All Ye Failthful” processional will begin at 8 o’clock. After carols are sung by the audience and chorus, a cantata will be presented with a piano and organ accompaniment. “Silent Night,” the recessional, will close the program. The convocation is in charge of the University Convocation and Worship Committee and is to be directed by Albert P. Stewart.
Pi Kappa Alpha Pi Kappa Alpha announces the election of the following officers: R. C. Shenk, president; J. P. Girard, vice-president; C. A. Kowalski, treasurer; J. A. Sells, recording secretary; C. B. Luce, house manager; R. H. Latter, pledge master.
Ever Talk With A Machine-Gun? I Do—All The Time—I Hafta
By A Freshman Engineer Have you ever held conversation with a machine-gun? I have. Not a mechanical one, mind you, but one that stands on two legs and rattles off formulas, shortcuts, and solutions pertaining to Analytic Geometry with the bewildering rapidity and, in general, the same deadly effect as a machine-gun. This particular mathematical dyin height, presents to the world a namo stands about 5 foot 5 inches face of regular dimensions, starting with a square, aggressive chin, enlivened by a pair of twinkling and snappy, blue eyes, and topped by a thatch of wiry and apparently stubborn red hair which just forward like an overhanging ledge of a cliff . . . You have gqessed it??? Guess Who Yes, he’s my Math, instructor, Happen, the electron . . . the man of action ... of coturse, it’s easy to say that he’s action and speed personified, but m’ fraps you should be present during one of our Math, classes to really appreciate the appellation ... To begin with, he doesn’t enter the room—he pops in ^ . next, he asks, “Are there any questions?” and if someone asks the sohilloii of a difficult problem, he begins to
UP AND CRT A RASSLE TICKET AT DEACS OR SOUTHWORTH'S $2.00
Hold Second Employment Forum Today Three G. E. Company Representatives Will Give Discussions “How To Interview An Employer To Obtain A Position” will be the subject of the second in the-series of discussions that three representatives of the General Electric Company will conduct today at 4 p. m. in room 101 of the Education Building. The three who will speak this aft emoon are University graduates in electrical engineering. They are C. C. Adams, ’05, assistant district manager of the central station de partment, Chicago, Illinois; M. Q. Allen, ’16, sales department, Columbus, Ohio; and, P. Y. Tumy, ’09, manager of the Grand Rapids, Michigan, office. This meeting is one of a series of meetings that are designed to help students who are concerned about locating employment during the summer recess or after gradua tion. A capacity crowd attended t similar meeting last week.
W L Science Club Displays Work Members of the W. L. H. S. Science Club of the West Lafayette high school have a display of their work on exhibit in the show cases on the first floor of Stanley Coulter Hall. The exhibit includes small wooden models of locomotives, a portable two-tube radio built in a metal tool box, a model airplane, a small pelton wheel, a miniature electric motor, and a collection of various species of moths and butterflies.
Debate Squad To Confront' Northwestern N^ative Team Opposes Pettierewv Royster Tonight The UniversHy affirustive debating team, undefeated in Western Conference Abating foe the last three years, composed of C* BLPetticrew and R. F. Royster, wiS meet Northwestern Unhretsi^s negative team in a Big Ten debater tonight at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. At the same time, all other Western Conference teams wiU be in action against conference opponents. The negative team, made up of R. M. Sasser, J. W. Rittenhouse, and R. A. Buckles will journey to Ann Arbor, Michigan to meet the affirmative team of the University of Michigan. All of these are sophomores and this is their first conference debate. R. M. Horn, freshman debate coach, will accomi>any them to Ann Arbor. The debate will be in a new style known as “congressional style.” Rival debaters are allowed to intemq>t and directly question each other a limited number of times while a speaker is talking. This is the first time that this style of debate has been used in Western Conference competition. The chairman for the debate will be Dr. Estey, head of the history, economies and government department of the University. L. S. Windi will be referee, and timekeejier. The subject for all Western Conference debates will be, “Resolved: That all electric utilities should be govemmentally owned and operated.” The debate will be judged by Professor Robert Huber, coach of debating at Indiana University.
Wantedi NewVariety Hour Broadcast Talent ‘We know that there is plenty of talent on this campus, but to get it out of hiding is another prol^em,” said J. W. Scatterday and L. A. Rieth, Student^ Union vice-presi-dents, in speaking of their search for talent for the Union Variety Hour, weekly feature over radio station WBAA on Saturday afternoon. Scatterday and Rieth urge all who are interested to get in touch with them in the Union office after 4 p. m. daily.
elucidate in his own meteoric style. Weighty, concise sentences rock us, formulas inundate the room, and the chalk flies. Miracles Never Cease We gaze with wonder then with awe and are too stupified to do little else but gape as he finishes and turns to face the class with chalk covering the defenseless blackboard and usually smeared all over the sleeves of his coat . . . This, however, is but his normal rate—^you should be there to observe when the bell rings, and he has a problem left that he wishes to explain before he disnfisses the class! There is a cyclonic burst of X and Ys, a fury of chalk, and it’s all over! Surprise Invariably though, we find him when our slow methodical brains finally ^iece together the fragments left by his blast, that he has merely used the simple Algebra and Trig that we all know, in various forms and relations, and has set them down with what to us is lightningrapidity because, to him, they are as familiar as “2 plus 2 equ^s 4” is to us . . . Such is Happell; he pops in, he popples about, and pops out againi T. W. F,
Choir Will Sing In Seasonal Concert The University Choir will participate in the choir festival to be held next Sunday afternoon at 3:30 o’clock in the Jefferson Gymnasium. The program will include the processional, “Hark, The Herald Angels Sing,” the invocation, a number by each choir, carols by the congregation, and finally the entire massed choirs singing “And The Glory of the Lord” (from Messiah) by Handel, The choir recessional will be “Silent Night.” “Light” by Hoppin, is the number which director Stewart has chosen for the University Choir to sing as their special number. Rosemary Robimon will accompany the choir.
Hunt Leads Expo Bowlers To Victory Over Debrisi Team W. T. Hunt, editor of the Exponent, paced his organization’s five to a 14-point victory over the Debris squad in the finals of the fourth round of the activities bowling league last night. The Exponent team scored 2,033 to the Debris’ 2,019. Hunt had the high score of the evening with a 173. The victory threw the league into a three-way tie, each team having won two and lost two games. The other team in the league is the Student Union squad.
Y. Y. Chou To Address Social S^ervice Group Speaking on the social position of women in China, Miss Y. Y. Chou will address members of the Social Service group of Y. W. C. A. in the organization’s office this afternoon. Miss Chou is a graduate student in the school of engineering. Eva Robertson will play several violin selections. Helen Conver, who is in charge of the program, invites all interested students to attend.
Sutherland Speaks To Multiproforam “Patronage is a good thing for the party, but a bad thing for the country,” according to E. H.. Sullkerland, head of the Indisaia stduwK of sociology, who spoke before the multiproforum last night at the Michael Golden Shops. Dr. Sutherland spoke of the socaUed professional criminal such as the confidence man and Um :i^ekpocket. He stated that there were three ways through whi<di a pxefessional criminal could evade the law. Namely by repaying his victim, by employiag a fixer, or by dsceiving the victim.
Lambda Qii Alpha
Chi Al|dia ’ftfatemity an* nounces the Motion of' CwMcge €L Thompson, Riehmead; JvSk HvHleoQ, Chicago; and George W. Chteey* AmityviUe, N. V.THE PUttPUE EXPONEISTT
' r-f /
;f , j ' .
Hittrsday, December 10,1930
Our Student Senate
The Student Senate as it exists today is k miserable failure. It is a failure because it apparently does not want to be a success. It has made no attempt to regain its former high position. It may most truthfully be characterized as apathetic—^in plan English, lazy. And yet its abolition is not yet being recommended. Last year the Senate had but two real functions—issuing student automobile licenses and supervising student elections. It couldn’t handle either properly. That the University has also failed in its attempt to regulate the registration and use of student cars is beside the point, which is that the Senate was a miserable failure last year as well as this. But I am firmly convinced that the Senate can be rejuvenated—if it wants to be. This year the Student Senate has had three poorly attended meetings; some of its members scarcely know that they are members; practically nothing has been accomplished this year. The only bright spot in the situation is that a few Senators are chafing at the bit, anxious to get underway and really do something. That there is much to be done is undeniable; the Senate could become the most prominent organization on the campus if it so wished. Perhaps its officials are responsible for its lethargy; if so, they should be cast aside without the slightest hesitation,-and new men and women chosen. The fundamental purpose of the Senate, the purpose for which it was originated almost four years ago, was that it should act as an intermediate body between faculty and students. Incidentally, it was to handle student elections, dishonesty proceedings, and the creation, regulation, and abolition of honorary societies as well. It still has control over elections; the faculty would probably be glad to have the Senate assist in dishonesty cases; it has nominal but no actual control over the honoraries; but the fundamental purpose has never been attained or even attempted. The Senate should bring “pipes’’ about certain instructors to the attention of the faculty; it should present student reactions to proposals made by the faculty or others; it should inaugurate all student movements, as the recent holiday petition, or, in a case such as that of this petition (which it voted down) it should present a minority report on the situation to the executive committee of the University; it should uphold all student rights and should not be afraid to take the offensive in case of a disagreement with the faculty. By reflecting student sentiment in these and other ways the Senate would become invaluable to both the University officials and to the student body. How might these worthy objectives be accomplished? The Senate must first indicate its willingness to work. Definite procedures for handling these cases should be drawn up and publicized immediately. The Student Senate office should remain open for a definite period of time each day to receive complaints and suggestions. There should be a meeting of the executive council every week or oftener, while the Senate itself should hold regularly scheduled open meetings every two weeks, or oftener if desired. The practice of assigning everything which comes up to a committee should at least be limited; situations should be debated and reported on in meetings of the entire Senate of its executive committee. The proper University officials would of necessity be contacted immediately to get the movement underway. The drawback to this proposal is that it would require a considerable bit of honest-to-goodness work. It would immeasurably increase the power and standing of the Senate and would be of extreme value to the student body. But, if, through apathy or inability, the Senate does not adopt this or a similar plan of action, it will disappear from the campus entirely before many years; at the present moment it is fast on its way to oblivion. The Senate today is down; tomorrow will it be up or out ?
Bachelor—A man who never makes the same mistake once.—Ed Wynn.
$urtiue exponent
Feuded in U8S
Entered u aeeond elaae matter at the poet oflioe. Lafayette, Indiana. DdUvered by mail, $8.60 per year; ddivered hf carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by eingle eopy, 2 cents.
MAIN 0FFICE-8U North Fifth Street Bnainees Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
IdUar-in-Chlcf
EDITORIAL STAFF
Ibiuciiur Editor
PL IT IffAMsIn
Aaaoeiuto Editors...—_„K. A. Barnetts, 3. El Brock, A. H. Femtsr, B. P. Manion. 0. L. Sadler tophomorc Aasistanti ^W. M. Antho^D:A?BaU^. J. A. Chapin, J. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin, A. B. Keller. E. H. KeUogg, K. B. O’Neil, C. D. Sdhroeder. H. L SUnbaek, D. R. Vance.
EdHmr
VOMENTi STAFF
Aaaeaiato E^tpra—.... AdtertMiig Manager.
—- .Jeanne Janouaek, Doris IbCiurtney, Ellaabetb Pyke
EnainsaB Maauuiir
BUSINESS STAFF
n y STtiiu.
EfatSoBtf Advartiaiiig Manager— todal Adsortbing Manager
n. n. uniw
OfaenlBtion Manager..
iPdrts Bditor-
8POETO STAFF
SdK«rB.».
Iwiie Editor—W. M. Antiiony
AU Work - A Dull Boy
College Students are inclined to brag about loss of sleep and .prolonged periods of Sleeplessness. “I slept only two hours last night;” haven’t got to bed before two o’clock for a week;” “I haven’t been in bed for two nights;” and “I just average six hours of sleep a night while I am going to school,” are typical of conversations concerning wakeful110SSa Many of these students do not realize that they are self-admittedly committing mental and physical suicide. A person can, by diagnosis of his sleeping habits and by training, reach a certain minimum of sleep required for his well-being, but he cannot get by on less than that minimum for any length of time without undermining his health and slowing down his mental processes. Continued loss of sleep may cause a student to become so accustomed to looking at his surroundings with sleepless eyes that he gets a discolored view of society, of his purpose in life, and he may attribute his mental and physical sluggishness to some deficiency in his physiological structure, rather than to a lack of sleep. A vacation or a chance good night’s sleep may produce so much brighter an outlook that he resolves to adopt a schedule^for sleeping and to get a sufficiency of rest, but, prodded by desire for scholastic achievement, prominence in activities, and by various problems that worry students, it is easy to fall back into the old rut. The intelligent person who orders his life with a fair amount of reason knows that he cannot continue a killing pace and expect to get any place except to the grave. He knows that if he fails to get enough sleep persistently, not only will his daily output soon be decreased in spite of a longer \Yorking period, but that his number of days will also be shortened. Although some time will probably be lost in seeking the proper balance between waking and sleeping hours, any condition approximating the ideal will pay dividends in health and happiness. The proper ratio must be worked out individually, as the amount of sleep necessary for top emciency and general well-being varies considerably with separate students.—^R. P. M.
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER
The Exponent will Kof assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writet.
Time For Education
The men who fought their way to the top without the aid of higher education are beginning to lose their contempt for collegetrained men. Now that it has dawned upon the general public that a college education today is only the equivalent of a high school education around thirty years ago. The colleges and universities have assumed a new position in the public mind. I do not mean to infer that old-time education was mysteriously superior to that of the present day. The truth is that the high school graduate today knows far more than the graduate of thirty years ago. The point is that a college education today gives a person the same opportunity in life that a high school diploma did at the turn of the century. This is particularly true in science and engineering. Not so long ago a man was considered a real chemist if he held a bachelor’s degree from a reputable institution. Now he must have a doctor’s de^ee if he wants to get anyplace in the scientific world. The same holds true in engineering, although to a lesser degree in practical work. The reason behind this is that human knowledge -has increased so fast that there is too much material to be assimilated in a mere four years. There are two solutions—extended study or further specialization. The latter is often undesirable because of uncertainties which might be encountered in obtaining and holding jobs. The former, because of its added cost in time and money, is often impossible. But it seems likely that before very long most undergraduate work in these two fields will be extended to at least five years and possibly longer.
MLL UAj^;^LER, juiiior nl^hanical, has been getting fan mail?? from one PHYLLIS STANWAY, membee of the SWING SHOW TROUPE featui-ed at the MARS last Saturdlay night. She included the Show’s itinerary (schedule to you), attd Wautu to know if hu still means everything he said, now . ..
RIVITERS RASSLE
DAN MORSE AND CHARLEY TREES INCOGNITO
LOUISE SMITH, who has finally learned to take it, has taken a DU pin—she will not divulge the name of her present favorite—she claims that ’tis a home town product— we have our ideas . . .
Union’s ROMA was seen rushing into the State Police Barracks with CLIFF LORN Tuesday night little after 11—she was trying to play the part of heroine for the wreck which happened in front of the Step-Inn—she failed . . .
FROSH CHEM BY A SOPH Iodine, fluorine, bodmine, and chlorine. Ions and atoms and moles— Bases, hydroxides and all kinds of acids— To fill your clothes full of holes.
Elements, compounds, mixtures and such— And smells and lots of remorse Lavoisier — Farraday — one long headache. That’s the Chemistry course! —Half and Half.
NEWS ! PROF FOTOS has obtained for himself one old-fashioned haircut . . . . finally ! . . .
A co-ed would rather see good food go to waste than to waist . . .
m
For
“If you sleep on the floor, you can’t fall out of bed.”—^Prof. T. V. Smith, University of Chicago—It must be nice to be a college professor and able to think up things like that.— _ —St. Louis Star-Times
“Temporarily the sense of hearing is considerably dulled by eating,” asserts a physician. Kindly nature does the best she can to protect us from afterdinner speakers.—^The Washington Post.
the information of one
GEORGIANNE SCHILLING, who has the mistaken idea that a co-ed is not poular, or got what it takes unless her name has appeared in this column — wrong you are—^I should say that GLENORA CULLIPHER, RUFINA SEXTON, ISA-
F. ObenebBin
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups, 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular ’ electins* 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbty
“—and over there is our new‘ sun room!”
BELLE YOUNG, JANET DECKER, MARJORIE SCHURMAN, PAT HENRY, and ^GEORGIANNA BAKER have all got what it takes their names haVe not appeared so far—^this is not supposed to bl a society column ... at lUast, 1 hope..
PROF TROFS: None turned in— it should be easy to wiu those big MARS passes this week . . .
The height of laziness is typical of JOHN BATCHELOR, post grad from Butler, now attending PURDUE, who has a pair of yellow pajama tops which he puts on with his cords making a complete pajama suit for winter sleeping . . .
ARC
Today - Friday - Saturday VIRGINIA BRUCE and EDMUND LOWE
“Garden Murder Case” — and — BUCK JONES in “Silver Spurs” — also — No. 14 “Clutching Hand’
LUMA
‘ ALL THIS WEEK
OUT Of TENNTSON’i HEROIC PAGES CHARGE THE ’’SIX HUNDREOl
ERROL«FLYNN OLIVIA De HAVILLAND
HieCHARGEoftlie LIGHT BRIGADE
PATftlC KNOWLES • HENRY STEPHENSON • NIGEL BRUCE • Doaald Crlip « David Niven • Robert Barret Directed by Michael Cariia • A Warner Broa. Picture
NOW PLAYING Big Double Feature DICK POWELL JOANBLONDELL STAGE "struck Plus Second Feature GRETA NISSEN in
SPY 77
Sun. - Mon. - Tues. - Wed*
STARTING
MIDNITE SHOW Sat. Nite, 11:30 p. m.
HER HEART WAS TOO BIG FOR ONE MAN TO POSSESS 1 ONE WORLD WAS TOO SMALL TO
SHARE ALL HER LOVEl
Where the flghtingr was thickest. . . her courage was highest 1 Her life was an inqiiration to all womankind! Her love a blessing to all mankind! And now the gallant story of this first heroic war nurse is iuimortalized on the screen by Warner Bros. . . . with all the shocking
truth, thrilling beauty and daring
“The Story of
realism that made
Lonis Pasteur*’ one of the serin’s most memorable masterpieces.
KAY'S CLOAKED IN GREATNESS AS THE FIRST 'WOMAN IN WHITE'
Kay Francis
I'l.OIIIA'CI, M(:il'in(.AI.L i
WHITE ANGEL
IAN HUNTER :. HE^pnald Woods * Nigel BrucGi*"Doqald'o.
Crisp • Henry 0'NoiiU*,BiUy Mauch ^ ■ ‘i'nnunini fcy Wan,»t Bjoi.;Dltscled. hy Wm. -Ulrlsflo - •
• A rirvi'Niiilsnut.-.i'iciUM' -• '/ "i :)>r ■ff' V 4*^
TTT
r ^^‘•%
JW"
V
WteatoP^aafet 10.199^
attia>Miaihaiaaji4
TttB POBDUEI BXBDNBMt
naWM
Goideii Glovers. * ; Survive Preliminaries
Light Weights Give Lively Entertainment; Heavies Cautious During Fights
By Sa R. Griffiths
Oof I PbiJir! Umph! Artfh! With such ejaculations the local hamswingers m^t last night in the Memorial Gymnasium each determined to bat his way to victory in the preliminary bouts
of the Purdue Golden Gloves contest.
The first bouts in the lighWeight classes were more lively
than the heavy-weight classes
giving about 150 observers a lot of excitement, and, evi dently, much material upon which to give advice. “Up with that right,” “Just poke it,” “Tie *im up.” A careful listener would really have all the information to Vie favorably with such experts as Joe Lohis. - 112 Pound Class Pugilist Franklin ,at 112 pounds defeated Rose in the first thfeeround bout. Day defeated Nash in the 118-pound class. Ken Mulholland took the decision from Fernandez after a fast bout in the 126 pound class. Fernadez boxed defensively but tallied many counts by dextrous ducking and coming up under Mulholland’s guard. Mulholland, however, was quicker and he landed the greater number of blows. Rosenberg defeated Engleman after a close match. He had a peculiar shuffle and a deceptive lead
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
R. J. BATH Watch Maker
608 Main Street
Domer’s Flower Shop . Quality Flowers
Phone 60SO
with one arm which attracted attention while the other arm did the
damage.
Krashen defeated Certucha. “Joe” Louis Giles, darted in and out with his hard, well-placed punches to take his match with Diggins. 147-Pound Class Although Shellhammer panicked the audience by out-reaching Giovanni, the latter took the bout by drawing Shellhammer’s punch and sliding sideways under his guard with a quick, hard blow. Forhunger performed the only knockout of the evening on Butcher. Godby won the decision from Prater after k very close tussle. Although Prater satisfied the observers by properly blasting at Godby and ftequently catching him offbalance, Godby because of his careful and consistent shooting. 'Bryant defeated Louis. Paarlberg, in the 160 pound class, oUtreached and outducked Lord for his match. Lyles-Seifert Lyle^ and Seifert gave an exhibition match which was notable for Lyle's powerful offense and Seifert’s adaptable defense. Ift the final bout, heavyweight class. Surface defeated Martin. Both fighters were cautious for all three rounds, but Surface was able to throw Martin off balance for a few hard jabs, enough to win the
decision.
No Single Ticket Sale Until After
Xmas Holidays
No orders for single-game tickets to home basketball games can be accepted at thft present time because the sale of season tickets has been extended xmtil after the Christmas holidays. Any tickets for single games remaining after the close of the sale of season tickets may be pmchased over the counter at the University ticket office or mail orders for them will be accepted. Until season sales close, any remaining single tickets will be sold the day of the game at the ticket office and in the evening at the Jefferson high school ticket offices.
Varley Issues Call For Wrestlers
J. W. Varley, University wrestling coach, is voicing a call for men to turn out for positions on the wrestling team. The squad at present consists of about a half dozen men.
Main at 7th
LYLE E. FISHM Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Bloch 322 terry Opposite Post Office
The Risk PSAtkl aiilie
DR. PAUL A. ifiSK DR. HAROI^ 3. RISK DR. ROBhttt G. mSK DR. DUrpER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldga Phone 5701
sparrendahl Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
KEYS Kvfs tw tnink% door lodko. 4^ ]M!k% nicht latchoo oi^ padlodok Aato kogro aai handlo lodOi a oaociohr. F. Job, Mnlhanpt A a^ll NWtk Vlitk Str^ . ^ PkoNOlsW |«fa#tMio,M
As soon as enough aspirants have reported. Coach Varley will start instruction. I The group will be divided ifito two sections; one fol? beginners and one for those who have had former experience. Fraternities are being specially urgd to send their men out edriy so that they may be in good shape in time for the Intramural Sports Carnival this spring.
•f -f
‘f A
-f ^ > -f -f 4-
BASKETBALL —TODAY—
Court 1—Official, Hobart 7:00—TaU Edppa Epeilon vs. Tri-
angle.
7:16—Sigma Nu vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. 8:26—’Deltd Chi vs. Pi Kappa Al-
pha.
Court Z—Official, Peck 7:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Theta Xi. 7:16—^Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 8:25—7'heta Tau vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda 8:40—^Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Pi. Court 3—Offieial, Chapman 7:00—^Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 7:16—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha Mn. ^.’26—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Tab Epsilon Phi. 8:4(Mrheta Chi vs. Pi Kappa Phi.
f
ielder’s.... ....choice .By Bob Walpole
The Boilermaker pistol team will be naming a new captain any day now ... Jim Newhall, captain-elect from last year, has withdrawn from the University . . . —fc— George “Punchy” Bell, Purdue’s 1936 football captain, has made several All-Western Conference teams ... so have Johnny Drake and Cecil Isbell . . . —fc— Larry Kelley, Yale’s All-Ameri-can end, refused to sign a major league baseball contract because he wants something more permanent, although he says he plays better baseball than football . . . before football season had begun Kelley made the statement that an AllAmerican team couldn’t rightfully be picked that didn’t include him .. he made ’em all, too . . . —^fc— Eight Notre Dame first string football men will be lost this season . . . included in the Irish roster of graduation are Wilke, Wojcihovski, Danbom, O’Neil, Steinkamper, Lautar, Chronin, and Mundee . . . —^fc— In direct comparison, Michigan will lose but one member of their first string line and one back by graduation . . . looks like a good year for the Wolverines next season . . . —^fc— Jay Berwanger, Chicago’s 193436 All-American star, picked Indiana’s Huffman as the most outstanding back in the country . . . he made the choice between Huffman And Sain Ftancis of Nebraska.
Dr. Milda Threlkeld, dean of the women at the University of Louisville, says “preparation for and adjustments to a vocation are fundamental aims of education.”
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
'Til TE m E Bradley Tech Plays Here Saturday Horstman^ Getz Hold Forward Fosts On Fast Peorian Squad
Two former Hoosier high school basketball stars, Gordon Horstman, of Logansport, and Lester Getz, of Goshen, arO expected to team up at the forward posts on the wellbalanced Bradley Tech basketball quintet that will provide the- opposition for Purdue here Saturday night in the second start of the season for the Boilermakers. With Horstman, star of Cliff Wells’ championship quintet of a few years ago, and Getz, the Goshen ball hawk, in the starring roles, the Peorians gave Iowa a great battle Saturday night in their first start, before they were finally beaten, 33-27, and are expected to give the Boilermakers’ revised lineup all it can handle. Horstrpann will foel perfectly at home in the Jefferson high school gymnasium, Purdue’s home court, where he frequently performed against Abie Masters’ Jeff quintets during his high school days. Boast Sky-Reaching Center In addition to the Hoosier pair, other stars on the Bradley combination include Darwin Hutchins, 6 foot, 6 inch sophomore center, who was an outstanding member of the fast-breaking Thornton high school team, that won the Illinois state championship one year, ahd was the rUttner-up the next, and Ted Penish, versatile all-around athlete, who was named as the greatest back in the Little Nineteen during the season just closed. Lambert Develops Defense In preparation for the Bradley battle. Coach Ward Lambert is devoting his main attention to improving the defense. Although there was the typical “opening game” raggedness in the Western State victory Monday night, Lambert’s
A GHAT
and
A SODA (or a Coke)
in the
<y
OPEN XMAS VACATION
7
DOWNSTAIRS
in the PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
Comer of Campm—Center of ActMty
S f-j J."' V V ri
diigllffii combination of Ihre •li'ttor' men diaplayedi flashes of Offensive brilliance and was particularly doft in its ball handling and passing. He expects to stick to the same starting combination dgainst Bradley, with Johnny Sines and Jewell Young at forwards; Jim Seward at center; and Glenn Downey and Pat Malaska at guards.
-f -f 'f -f
V- -f 4- -f
d- > 4-
4- ♦ ♦
4- -f 4“
SQUASH > 4- 4^ 4-
-TODAYCLASS “A” 4:00—Sigma Alpha Epsiloq vs. Phi Delta Theta. 4:46—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi
Pi Phi.
5:15—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Al-
pha Mu.
6:30—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Beta Theta Pi.
Remaiii Ht Basketball TotmtamesH
Although last night's Goldrni Gloves bouts suspended basketball activities for the evening, the hiterfratemity and ward basketball tournaments are progressing rapidly. Both tourneys are well along in the third round of the six-game schedule. Three teams. Phi Kappa Sigma, Delta Upsilon, and Phi Kappa Tau, are undefeated in their three games thus far, while Tau Epsilon Phi, Phi Sigma Kappa, Acacia, Lambda Chi Alpha, Sigma Pi, Beta Theta Pi, and Phi Kappa Psi have won two games and lost none.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPOriENT
Walking Qhiffon
Wrtfiotif sacrffkang prid* or fashion you will fed correcHy dressed all day long in these ARCHER Walking Chiffon Stockings. Beautiful as well as practi> cal they are marvels of fit, comfort and durability—yet with their dainty lace tops and she^i rlngiess texture managB always to look gdiy and fnvdous.
Arc
ler
fUU FASHIONCD SilK HOSIEkV
$ .89 Pair, 3 Pair $2.50 $1.00 Pair, 3 Pair $2.75 $1.25 Pair, 3 Pair $3.50
Thieme & Wangerin Co.
West Side Square
SERVICE
on ANY CAR
Modem cars need modem seirvice for the best possible performance. If you aren’t getting the mileage, power and pickup that you should, dtiVe in here today and let us service your car. We’ll fix it so that you can go places with a minimum of gas expense I
Tow Service Motor Service Body Service General AtttomoUvetSemrko
Peter Anderson Co.
1^115 AlabBniaTHE gPKDUE EXPONBNT
Tlliirad»y, Pecember iO, 1986
?jp \ }f
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Oh! How Beautiful—^You look tonight. That’s what the boy friend will say after a visit to Loeb’s Beauty Salon. Phone 7901, Betty IVfcQuisten for appointments.
Wanted—Ride to Buffalo, N. Y., or vicinity on December 19. Ed Franklin. Phone 71062.
Lovely Old Glass — Bric-a-brac, china, prints, many things that will make lovely Christmas gifts. At Moore’s Antique Shop. 220 N. 5th street.
For Rent—Very desirable room. Light, plenty of heat. Available immediately. Phone 66642.
INDIVIDUALITY in PERMANENT WAVES Individually desiened by coiffure experts to suit your own personality and charm. BUCKINGHAM BEAUTY SHOP 425 Ferry St. Lafayette
Scobee't REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 26c por passenger any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Lady Will Take Full ChargeChildren, home, pets, during your absence and evenings. 65474. For Sale—Blue velvet evening dress. Size 18. Phone 7061.
NOTICES No noticM accosted aftMT S p. m.
Spelling Class—Students who have not passed their Freshman Composition spelling tests may take the test in special classes which vsrill be held every day starting on Monday, December 7, until Friday, December 11, from 4 to 5 p. m. Attendance is voluntary. Consult instructors for room assignments. —WYKOFP.
C. E. 62—An opportunity for the removal of conditions in C. E. 62 will be given at 1 p. m., December 12, in room 206, Civil Engineering Building. —PETTY.
B. O. T. C.—Examination for the removal of condition grade in Military Training 4 will held on December 10 wd 11. Students desiring to take this examination should report to me at the Adjutant’a office, Armory, before 4 p. m., December 8. —HAYFOKD.
P. O. M. M.—Members who ordered keys may get them by calling at the Pi Kappa Phi House. —McCANDLESS.
W. A. A. Hockey—All girls please" get all equipment in immediately. —THOMPSON.
W. S. G. A.—^All sophomore, junior, and transfer women who have not filled out an activities card for WSGA please report to the office to do so within the next few days. _ —LIPPERT.
Y. W. C. A.—Social committee meeting in office at 4 p. m., December 11. —McINTOSH.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council—Meeting December 10 at 7:30 p. m. in room D of the Union. —KETTLE.
Y. W. C. A.—Social Service group meeting in office at 4 p. m., December 10. —CONVER.
A. S. M. E.—Members can now get their pins or charms from Eddie in the instrument room in the mechanical laboratory. —WOLVERTON.
Poultry Club—Dinner meeting in the Poultry Building, December 10 at 6:15 p. m. Persons interested call 8176 on December 9 to make reservations for the dinner. Tickets are 20c each. —THIE5.
Browsing Room—No meeting December 0. —SHEETS.
Art Club—^Meeting in the reception room of the Memorial Union. Building December 10, at 7:30 p. m. Professor E. R. Hall of the horticulture department will demonstrate “Flower Arrangement.” —McLEOD.
Skull and Crescent—^Meeting December 10 at 7:30, in room C of the Memorial Union .Building. Hats will be discussed. —FENSTERMAKER.
GIFTS THAT LAST The Eagle Furniture Co. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
■SUDDEN ^RVICE
P'
r
(RINTING, Offle* StoUoncfy. P W^cddlat' InvIUHont
PHONE - W«Book..E»e.... -2628 CASSEL*S 408IFERR1P
Cosmopolitan—Meeting December 11 at 7 :15 p. m. in Union. —CONCIATU.
W. A. A.—Council meeting December 10 at 7:15 p. m., at Miss Brady's home, 259 Littleton street. —WILEY.
W. A. A.—Girls who received numerals and wish sweaters meet in the Women’s Gymnasium December 11 at 4 p. m. —ARNOLD.
P. 1. A.—Dance class will be held in the Memorial Union ballroom December 11 at 7 p. m. —BUXTON. May Day Committee—All faculty and student members meet in WSGA office December 10 at 4 p. m. —TANGERMAN.
W. A. Ai—Shnffleboard—The follpwing ffames ate to be played on Friday December 11; on Court 1 at 4 p. m.^Hair'WPod and Stone vs. Merritt and Gist; at 4:20-^ Johnson and Miller vs. Schilling and Beggs; at 4:40—Beall and G. Walker vs. Blank and Newman. On Court 2 at 4 p. m.— (game A) Petticrew and Laramore vs, Sappenfield and Baker; at 4:20—Campbell and McDermid vs. Auld and Clymer; at 4:40— Jo Cook and Crankshaw vs. Bauer and Jenkins. On Court 3 at 4 p. m.—Yenson and Bougon' vs. Beilke and Maxwell; at 4:20 —Delaplane and McDougal vs. Shaffer and Humphreys; at 4:40—Arnold and Thompson vs. Winner of game B. On Court 4 at 4 p. m.—Greenburg and Cook vs. McFarland and Glaynor; at 4:20—(game B) BVuch and Tugaud vs. Ofenberg and Dammeyer; at 4:40—^Harwood and Stone vs. Merritt and Gist. On Court 6 at 4 p. m,—Mohear and Robinson vs. Jackson; at 4 ^20 — M. Campbell and Vandivier vs. Mann and Watson ; at 4:40—Harry and Maier vs. Winner of game A. On Court 6 at 4 p. m.—McKinsey and Stiles vs. Yerkes and Ward; at 4:20—^E. Johnson and Koch vs. Johnson and Lockner; at 4:40—open for make-up practices. —MAIER.
W. A. A. Ping Pong Tournament—The following games will be played in the Women’s Gym December 11 at 4 p. m.: Maier vs. Newman; at 4:20, E. Price vs. P. George; at 4:40, Hague vs. Rieth. —MAIER.
Union Workers—Our committees will meet in the workshop December 10 at 4 p. m. —PFORZHEIMER, WIEGANDT. All Union workers desiring to help on Christmas decorations for the Union, meet December 10, at 4 p. m. in the office. —MYTINGER, REID. My committee will meet in the office at 4 p. m. December 10. —SHEETS.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Meet in YWCA office at 7 o’clock, December 10. —JONES.
Debris Salesmen—^Very important meeting December 10 at 4 p. m., in office. Turn in all sales books and money. —VAN NATTA.
W. A. A. Fencing—Schedule for fencing classes December 10; 4:45 to 6 :16-—Mary K. Schilling, Mary Miller, Janet Dickey, W. M. Reverdr, Ruth' Halstein, Margaret Mohler, Sara Alice McIntosh, Marion Long, Sally MacDermid, Margaret MacBride, Eleanor McBeall, Beth McCool, June Stewart, Barbara Roderick, Margaret Dunn, Dorothy Hewett, Georgia Walker, Ruth Zimmerman, June Young, Wilma Mayhill, Rhea Thomas, Bernadine Schroder, Madge Niemeyer, Muriel Smith, Janet McDougall, Emily Watts, Harriette Billings, Dorothy Roberts, B. Pickett, Marie Spicher, Norma Smith, Ruth Angert, Marie Wetzel, Joan Edson, June Hosack, Pat Clymer, Ruth Randall, Treva Berry, Margaret Mitchell, Mary Margaret Helm, Eugenie Little, Mary Ann Kodr, Eleanor Johnson, Marjorie Bealock, Emily Jane Myer, Pauline George, Mary Frances Oliver, Virigina Wakeland. 6:15 to B :46^—Thais Crepps, Mary Petticrew, Emily Tubbs, Josephine Cook, Louise Harry, Virginia Blank, Jean Bailey, Helen Scott, Bvaughn Price, Virginia Beck, Arlowene Striver, Frieda Reichers, Blanche Kernel, Helen Plank, Mary Beko, Jeanne Campbell, Florence Beilke, Maude Wilson, Joyce E. Davison, Shirley Yonover, Mary Boehm, Janette Morris, Bernadine Barnes, Willie Gross, Charlotte Foltz, Rosemary Vandivier, Martha Schroder, Mary Alma Pell, Lucy Demoret, Mary Lorraine Criss, G. Kirtland, L. Kirtland, Dorothy Stern, Telsa Pearlman, Edith J. McAfee, Betty Hixson, Jean Stolz, Dixie Gist, Arlene Rothenberger, Helen Mutex'spaugh, Peggy Hamilton, June Richards, L. Fried, Ruth Hadley, Alice Stair, Jean Bailey. 5:45 to 6:15—Alice Martens, Gaby D. Roe. —BEKO.
Newman Club—Combined dance with C. Y. O. December 11 in St. Mary’s Gymnasium. Bob Kelly’s 10-piece orchestra. Admission 25c. —CARTON.
. Scrivener Club—Membera please meet at 116 Sneetz street, December 10 at 8 p. m. —VERBBR.
W. A. A. VoUey Ball—Alpha Xi Vs. Ward 8 (A team) at 4 p. m. and WRH (Second floor No. 1) vs. Ward 1 at 4:80 p. m. in the large gym. Kappas vs. Ward 2 at 4 p. m. in Women’s Qynt. —THATCHER.
Scribner Bnsiness Staff—Important meeting in Union office at 7:30 p. m. December 10. Bring in all collections and receipts. —WHITCOMB.
Sigma Delta Chi—^Meeting December 10. at 7:16 p. m. in room D of the Union. ImIKirtant. —HARDIN.
Engineering Lectures—^All divisions of freshman engineering lectures will meet at 11 a. m. December 10 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Pres. Eliiott will be the speaker. —KNAPP.
Camera Club—Meeting in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m., December 10. r-CLAYPOLE.
Flying Club—Meeting in the Union Building December 10, at 7 p. m. —SMITH. •
Entomology Club—^Meeting December 10 at 7:80 p. m. in Ag Hall, room 103. All interested are urged to come. —HUTTON.
P. E. W. Posture Pictures—^Make up for posture pictures on December 10, from 3:46 to 4:16. —HAZELTON.
W. A. A. Deck Tennis—Played in large gym December 11 at 4 p. m. First match—Maier and Harry vs. Pell and Reverda. Second match—Swick and Davis vs. G. Walker and W. Gross. Third match—Fleig and Henry vs. Bouton and Newman. —RIETH.
W. A. A. Swimming Club—Triton swimming club meets December 10 at 7:30 p. m. Open swim from 8:30 to 9:30. —TUBBS.
Spelling Mlake-up—^December 14 at 4 p. m. Consult your instructor for room assignment. —WYKOFF.
English 1—Punctuation make-up December 17 at 4 p. m. and at 5 p. m. for students who cannot come at 4. Consult your instructor for room assignment. —WYKOFP.
WB A A
11:00—Hoosier Town Hall—classroom discussion, Prof. P. E. Lull. 11 :B0—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Noon Melodies, Arsene Summers, contralto. 12 :16—Luncheon Dance Music. 12:30—Chemistry — Arsenal Technical Program. 12:45—^Noon Musicale, Glenn Crose, guitar and vocal. 1:00—^You and Your Health, “Medical Progress,” Dr. S. J. Miller. 1:16—Electrical Shop, “Telsa, Inventor of Induction Motor,” Prof. Blalock. 1:30—American Literature, Professor Sutcliffe. 1:46—Markets, J. R. Hayes. 2:00—Weather. 2:05—^Tippecanoe County Tuberculosis Society Program. 2:16—Musical Album, Mrs. Ivah Kruger Price, contralto. 2:30—-Songs & Melodies, Bill Jones. 2:46—Treasure Chest. 3 :00—Musical Moments. 3:15—Education and Society. 3 :30—Afternoon Musicale, “The Stranger,” pianist. 8 :46—Production Credit Association Progrram.
s hme SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 Main St.
Unsurpasseci in— CHRISTMAS TREES, WR^IATHS AND A LARGE VARIETY OF CANDY ' We Cater to Fraternities and Sororities FRIEDMAN’S
Phone 3021
826 Main
FROM
MAKE IDEAL
DANCING
ALLEN a CHRISTMAS
LESSONS Indiana's Largest PRESENTS
Dancing School
Phone 2150 For Detailed Information BALLET TAP BALLROOM New Classes Open January, 1937
If you want the best in
Guns and Ammunitions
22 long rifle
27c See us
22 longs
22c SHELLS
22 shorts
17c 59c up
SPERB’S
.... Hardware
824 Main
Co-ed Debate—Meeting of the co-ed debate squad 4 p. m. in room 304 University Hall. —WINCH.
Gimlets—All Gimlets be at Lahr Hotel at 6:30 p. m., for formal initiation, December 10. —HODGDON.
Baffling Baggage and — Troublesome Trunks. Uofttc (Utd Back!
You'll shed a vacation vexation at one economical stroke. Simply pack up and phone Railway Express when to come. Your baggage will be picked up, shipped on swift express trains, delivered promptly at your home. For the return trip, you merely reverse. No extra charge for pick-up and delivery in cities and principal towns, and the shipping costs are practically negligible, when compared with local draymen's charges, etc., and the time you spend waiting. Also, Railway Express rates always include insurance up to $50 on each shipment, without extra expense. The main thing is to notify Railway Express when to call. That done, you can climb aboard the train and enjoy the scenery. You'll be off for a Merry Christmas. 9 South Second Street Phone 2025 LAFAYETTE, IND. RAILWAY Express Agency Inc. msmmmNATION-WIDB RAIL AIR SERVICE mmmmm
The floor lamp hasB heavy standard, opal diffusing bowl and rubber covered cord with unbreakable plug. Has 100-200-300 «yatt lighting. Only $5a95
Bridge lamp model brings light directly overhead. Weighted base prevents tipping. Handsome shade and finish adds to its beauty. Only $4b95
This is the .amp toi desk work, reading or studying and also bas beaup' of design and finish to harmonize with the finest home.
Only $3a95
^ d// these tamps bear the approval tag of the
illuminating Engineering Society. Look for it.
% These handsome sight>sav;iag lamps are now a greater value than ever. They are improved in appearance... shorter standards and new type shades give a more graceful appearance. They are improved in design . . . new features of construction in tilt diffusing bowl make for greater strength and more glare protection. And the terms are only 45 cents down ... 50 cents a month. Pick out the models you need at our salesroom.
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA
iVe Have a Complete Line of Genuine I.E.S. Lamps
H. G. (Deac) REISNER .
■ ■
BOOK STORE