Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVm
LAFAYETTE^ INDIANA, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1936
21st PiM*due^ Wisconsin Tilt Promises Thrills
Boilermakers Out To Get Revenge For Last Yearns Defeat At Hands Of Badgers
_When Purdue and Wisconsin tangle on the gridiron, anything is apt to happen, as- past records will testify, and when the Boilermakers iheet the Badgers here Saturday in the twen-ty-first renewal of the series that has become almost traditional for its upsets and spectacular thrills, the ensuing action is
apt to be no exception.
'•H
Dairy Judging Teams Leave For Contests
Two Senior Groups To Attend Intercollegiate Meets
Two groups of senior men, representing the University department of dairy husbandry, left this morning for their respective national intercollegiate judging contests. The. 1936 dairy production judging team, which is being coached by Prof. J. W. Wilbur, is composed of C. M. Hardin, Knightstown; C. W. Quiggle, Wingate; J. E. Love, Eaton; and Earl Ross, Lebanon. The products team, composed of R. W. Gingrich, Lafayette; P. H. Roll, Terre Haute;‘W. B. Schlosser, Frankfort; and J. L.'Palmer, South Bend, and coached by Prof. Ralph Roberts, will attend the national intercollegiate dairy products judging contest, which will be held at Atlantic City, N. J., October 12.
.50 Tickets Now On Sale
Due to the heavy advance demand that has already developed, general admission tickets for Purdue’s homecoming game with Wisconsin Saturday, priced at only $1.60, including tax, have already been placed on sale, at Decker’s in Lafayette and Deac’s and Southworth’s in West Lafayette for the convenience of local fans. Reserved seat tickets for the game are also still available at all three stores, as. well as at the Purdue ticket office.
PIA Dessert Party To Feature Styles
P. I. A. will feature a style show sponsored by Loeb and Hene Department store at the dessert party at 7 o’clock this evening in the faculty lounge. Bill Douglas will offer the n^usic. Dorothy Kuehn, June Lippert, Fay Pendergrass, June Richards, Mary Holtman and mannequins from Loeb and Hene will display the latest fashions to the guests seated at small tables. Mary Humphreys is in charge of this dessert party lyhich is the third and final P. I. A. co-ed affair.
Student Forum Will Meet This Evening
“What Is Success” will be Prof. C. Murphy’s subject for discussion at the Purdue,Student Forum, to be held in the reception room of the Union Building at 7 o’clock this evening. The Purdue Religious Council sponsors four of these forums each month. This is the fourth and last of this month’s series.
Forestry Students Plan Picnic At ScoUt Gamp
Forestry students, members of the facnlty and members of the student body will get a chance to become acquainted with the work carried out by the department of forestry at a steak fry to be held Tues-’ day evening at Gary Boy Scout camp. Tickets may be purchased from members of the Forestry club. For those who wieh to have transportation furnished for them,;bus8es will leave the Horticulture Building at 4 and 6 o’clock that afternooh>
Saturday’s battle; which will find the i^ebuilt Boilermakers striving to obtain revenge for last year’s defeat, will mark the sixth successive time that the Badgers have provided the “evenyear” homecoming opposition here. The keenness of the competition in the homecoming series is,shown by the fact that in only one of the five meetings has more than a single point separated the two rivals at the final gun.
Choir To Hold Alumni Dinner
Plan Informal Sing In University Hall Tomorrow Night
Homecoming festivities for the Concert Choir will open tomorrow night with a dinner for both alumni and active members. There will be an informal sing in the music room of University Hall after the dinner, when both old and new members will sing under the direction of Mr. A. P. Stewart. Saturday noon there will be a luncheon at the Embassy in Lafayette for alumni and active members. Mr. and Mrs. Albert P. Stewart are to hold a buffet supper for all the members who are not attending fraternity or sorority dinners. In the evening, Mr. and Mrs. Stewart w;ill hold open house for the Choir.
Co-ed Rush To End Tonight
With the preference dinners this evening, the formal period of co-ed rushing for this semester will be completed. These dinners are the only ones for which there may be decorations and favors. Sorority bids will be signed by rushees between 8 and 8:30 tonight at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Memorial Union. Pledging may be held any time after 7 o’clock tomorrow evening.
Insect Specialist To Speak Tonight
Members of the Thomas Say Entomological Society will hear Dr. P. N. Annand, head of the Cereal and Forage Crop Insect Division of the federal bureau of Entomology and Plant Quarantine, at the first meeting of the year in room 103, of Agricultural Hall, tonight at 7:30. In addition to Mr. Annand’s speech several students will make short talks, recounting their experiences during the summer vacation. There will also be an election of officers for the coming year. The society invites anyone interested in the program to attend the meeting.
Wesley Players To Pick Cast For Play Tonight
Twelve parts for the play “The Passirlg of the Third Floor Back” will be chosen at tryouts this evening at 8 o’clock in the Wesley Foundation House. This is the first production of the Wesley Players this year, and is to be presented in the latter part of November.
attention SENIORS
Every senior who desires to have his picture iii the 1937 Debris must .appear at the Debris office in the Union at his scheduled time. See today’s schedule on page 3. —DWIGHT.
Exponent Editbrs Will Attend ACP Convention
William T. Hunt
E. Hugh Morris
William T. Hunt and E. Hugh Morris, editor and managing editor, respectively, of the Purdue Exponent, will attend the fifteenth annual convention of the Associated Collegiate Press, to be held in Louisville, Ky., October 29-31. Morris has been requested by Frederick J. Noer, editor of the Associated Collegiate Press to address the gathering of college journalists at 9:30 o’clock Saturday morning, October 31. In addition to speeches by out-
standing newspaper and advertising authorities, officers of the association are planning a series of round table discussions that will bring to editorial and business staff delegates a complete review of what is new and important in the field of college newspaper publishing. The 1936 A. C. P. convention has as hosts the University of Louisville, the nation’s oldest municipal university, and will have headquarters in the Brown hotel.
after the twenty-fifth anniversary banquet of the 1911 class. All of the 1911 alumni will be taken to the pep session. One of the members of that year’s grid squad will be the featured speaker at the pep session. The Boilermaker fans will meet m the Village as usual at 8:30 o’clock. The parade will march down Grant Street to Northwestern and up Northwestern to Stuart Field to the bonfire.
First Playshop Curtain Rises Tonight At 8:30
Is Ruth Grimm capable of murdering her husband? Can Charley B. Petticrew, as attorney for the defense, prove her innocent ? Such are the questions that arise in “Ladies of the Jury”, Playshop’s premier production which will be presented in Duncan Hall tonight at 8:30 o’clock. The stage setting for this
Union Sponsors Sunday Programs
The Student Union will again sponsor a series of Sunday evening programs in the Union cafeteria. These programs will be put on by various campus groups and they will be competitive in that a prize will be given for the best male performance and the best program put on by a co-ed group. The competition will range over the whole year and will be judged on the following points: contenuity, originality, interest created, entertainment qualities, smoothness of performance and costuming. The programs will be judged by critics consisting of Union board members. All groups interested get in contact with Lee Rieth at the Student Union office this week.
Group Discusses Exponent Platform
Platform points of the Exponent were analyzed and criticized by the 20 students who attended the Discussion Group meeting in the Union Building last night. The plank opposing paddling received the most attention in a prolonged session that brought out heated argumentation. The occasion was turned into a party for Dorothy Kuehn, supervisor of the Discussion Group and co-ed executive of the Student Union. A large cake, decorated with candles, was presented by the Union board. This was served with cider for refreshments.
Co-eds To Learn Use Of Rifle; Will Meet Oet. 12
Rifle instruction for women students vrill begin Monday, October 12, lyith Sergeant Capps and Sergeant Purchla, from the military departrpent, in charge. All women students who are interesteiJ in learning the use of a rifle are invited to participate. . The first meeting will be held in the Women’s' Gymnasium at 4 p. m. Monday. Later in the season, intramural teams will be formed from sororities, wards, aiid the Wpmen’s Residence Halk
production is unique in that it follows the same colonial architectural lines as those carried out in Duncan Hall itself. The audience will find themselves transporte.d to a colonial court room, and into the heart of the most hilarious three-act comedy to be produced by Playshop. Comments from other newspapers about this play include: “The brightest comedy yet written about a murder trial.”—Chicago Tribune. “li glittering and glamorous evening’s entertainment.”—New York Telegram. “Rollicking, infectuous, intelligent, with a great deal of merriment and not a little truth.”—^Philadelphia Public Ledger.
WBAA Prepares Special Broadcast
WBAA will broadcast a specially prepared thirty mihute program of entertainment originating at the Purdue alumni luncheon in the Union balli’oom tomorrow from 12 to 12:30 o’clock. Bob Heine will act as master of ceremonies, presenting a program including Bud Bryant and his orchestra, Dickie Humphries, a talented local lad who has performed at the College Inn and on the Chicago stage, and Bill Jones, who sang with Ben Bernie and the Lads before coming to Purdue.
Airport WiU Hold Open House Sunday
In connection with homecoming activities this week-end, Capt. L. I. Aretz, airport manager, announced that open house will be held at the field Sunday. Mike (The Plying Irishman) M^urpby will give skywriting demonstrations in the afternoon with his Taperwing craft.
Dwight ^ait Leaves For Tan Beta Pi Convention
Dwigbt Wait, senior mechanical engineering student and president of the local chapter of Tau Beta Pi, natipnal engineering honorary fra ternity, left for Syracuse, New York, yesterday noon to attend a national convention of that society.
NUMBER mmjmmmmmggmgmggg
Pep! Tomorrow Night! 8:45! On Stuart Field!
Gimlets, Reamers, SkuU And Crescents Urge Fans To Outdo Last Yell Fest
Purdue fans will have another old-fashioned pep session tomorrow night at 8:45 o’clock on Stuart Field. The Gimlet club. Reamer club, and Skull and Crescent are trying to put oh & demonstration that will even out-do the last pep session held before the season’s opener with Ohio University.
The yell session will be held
ME’s To Tour Rostone Plant ASME Arranges For
Student Inspection Trip Tomorrow
Mechanical engineering students will have the opportunity to visit the Rostone Plant tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock. A personally conducted tour of the plant has been arranged by the students of the local branch of the A. S. M. E. Transportation will be provided from the Mechanical Building at 4 o’clock. In order that ample transportation may be had, those wishing to attend are asked to call R. K. Weldy at 4589 or Jack McCauncey at 2004. Mechanicals who have not signed up for student membership may do so in G. A. Young’s office.
Get Chicago Game Ducats
Students desiring to take advantage of the privilege of purchasing a fifty cent ticket for the football game at Chicago University, petober 17, should take their coupon books to the ticket office at once and have them validated for admittance. Coupon books, properly stamped, will admit their owners to the Purdue section. The books are not transferrable and must be presented for admittance only by the students or staff members who originally purchased them. Students holding temporary receipts for Student Athletic books, which were purchased late, should call at the ticket office at once for
their books.
Plan Exams For
Student Workers
Prof. Prank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, announced yesterday that another examination for those desiring to work at the University would be held October 24. The clerical examination will be held at the University in the Education Building Saturday mojming at 10 o’clock. The stenographic examination will be held at the Lafayette Business College in the afternoon between the hours of 1 and 3. Applications to take the examination must be filed in Prof. Hockema’s office not later than Monday, October 19.
Library Exhibits Card Catalogue Db^lay
Three To Talk At Ag Workers Meeting Today
Kohlmeyer,
Robert-
son, McMillian To Ad-
dress Extension Mra
Three important addresses as well as several short talks by various extension workers on county projects are features of today’s program for the annual extension workers conference now in session here. J. H. Kohlmeyer, formerly of the University, will deliver a talk on “What Indiana Land Should Not Be Farmed”, following which Lynn Robertson, of the University, will discuss “Regional Agricultural Adjustment Studies in Indiana”; Wheeler McMillian, editor of the Country Home, will speak on “Farming Tomorrow”.
Oct. Issue Of Alunmus Out
October’s issue of the Purdue Alumnus was distributed recently. The cover, done in Old Gold and Black, bears the picture of David E. Ross, ’93, president of the University board of trustees. This month’s issue contains articles by Presid^t Elliott and Governor McNutt. There are accounts of ’ the deaths of McGannon and Dahlbeck and the progress of the rest of the players who were in the tragiC/ explosion. In . addition to this there are several pages of athletic news.
Dancers To Hear Hauer
Michael Hauer and his orchestra will play for the homecoming dance tomorrow night in the Union from 9 until 12 o’clock. The regular mixer price of one dollar will prevail for this dance. Bud Bryant’s orchestra will play for the free tea dance immediately after the game Saturday and for the regular mixer Saturday night.
Phi Lambda Upsilon Will Pledge 23
Phi Lambda Upsilon, national chemical engineering honorary fraternity, will hold pledging ceremonies at a picnic tomorrovr night for a group of ten seniors, four juniors and nine graduate students. J. C. Sanders, C. A. Reichelderfer, J. W. Fredericks, and H. M. Stine were the juniors named. K. R. Brown, L. O. Buxton, H. Hersh, E. K. Jones, R. Lloyd, C. M. Offenhaur, R. Pugh, W. L. Sibbit, J. C. Vaughn and J. E. Werner were the seniors chosen. Graduate students to be pledged are: M. F. Bechtold, W. W, Binkley, J. Beck, £. M. Buo^ck, D. Danforth, H. C. Huffman, J. A. Patterson, B. R. Strickland and R. K. Toner.
An exhibit describing the uses of the card catalogue has been placed on display in the Library exhibit case. It is the first of a series on this Subject. Fpur books are shown with their corresponding cards, each card representing the characteristic features of one of the books. > This exhibit is designed for the freshmen, or for any person unacquainted with the card catalogue.
Fair-ly Cloudy
By Tempy Exponent Wenther MNse I called up “Esquire’* Quiidan f<» the weather prediction and he said he had worn a red shut last ni{^b and was plmudng to wear a gesqr one th^ morning. That makes the weather fair and a little cloudy. Ton know . , . “evening red* morning gray speeds the traveder on hil way.”
-’■'iV '
^ j,'
, >i
^•fe*i', V ,?<'■' "'fi "tfr>
jPMPfeTwp
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thuygday^ October 8,1930
Left Or Right, March
Spain^s civil war has been in the headlines for some time now, but the end seems to be within sight. Another link in the chain of fascist dictatorships surrounding France will probably be formed, and war in Europe will be closer than ever. Many of the European nations are lining up as either fascist or extremely leftist in character, and observers say that these countries will align themselves according to this arrangement in the next war. What, when all is said, is the difference between fascism and communism ? In theory, they are opposite. In actuality, they are both dictatorships in which one person apparently runs everything. True, capitalists are still capitalists under fascism, but the dictator has the power and authority to do as he wishes with private affairs. Perhaps the difference between the two lies primarily in the fact that the fascists are a little lazier than the communists, and prefer to let private ingenuity and enterprize build up the nation, while the latter try to run everything themselves. Under either, however, there are few if any personal rights which are not subject to control at any time by the government. From the record of accomplishments in Italy and the U. S. S. R. it appears that communism is able to do more for a country than fascism. We in America do not uphold either form of government, but we are vitally interested in the progress made under each type. This is an era of social unrest and reform, and many of us are aware that some of the policies in use by fascists or communists may eventually be adopted here, although in modified
form.
Freedom—Or Is There?
In the United States there is freedom of speech. Or is there ? At least the constitution of this great nation proclaims that there is. It says in part, “Congress shall make no law . . . abridging the freedom of speech or of the press.” That means, in other words, that freedom of speech shall be enjoyed in these United States. But those noble words written into that great document by the liberty-loving fathers of this nation smack of irony, no doubt, to certain citizens thereof. In all good faith, Earl Browder, Communist candidate for president, entered Terre Haute, Ind., the other day to make a scheduled address. As he stepped from the train, up popped the chief of police, and arrested Mr. Browder. Why? For vagrancy. That was a good enough charge, at least. The chief of police was not at all reticent about his purpose. He boldly announced, “I gave my officers orders that they should stop any Communist speech in this town.” The chief succeeded in preventing Mr. Browder’s speech, but he was outwitted by a Communist colleague. That is beside the point, however. The Indiana chief of police not only failed to perform his duty, but he pompously did just the opposite. In this action, he was, no doubt, applauded by many people. To the level-headed, thinking American, however, it can leave only the worst kind of taste. Although the average citizen ardently opposes Communism in all its forms, he wants to see fair play at all times. More than that, he wants to see the privileges of a free and liberty-loving country enjoyed, even by the opposition. In view of such action, he begins to wonder just what all this talk of freedom is. That’s it. Where is it? Let’s bring it back.—Daily lilini.
After All, Why Vote?
Often in the past American youth has been rebuked for taking little interest in the political affairs of its state, nation and world. Especially it seems has the college youth been reprimanded; the highest level of intelligence among the coming generation should begin to assume the duties of citizenship, to be alert to the problems and needs of the country say our attackers. Undoubtedly they are right. But sometimes does it not seem that American youth is nearly justified in its indifference to political questions, especially at the present moment when the country is engrossed in
Wift $urhue exponent
Fonnded in 1883
1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
Member of National College Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association EzelnsiTeix Bepresented by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITOBIAL STAFF Bditor-in-Cbief W. T. Bunt Managing Editor E. H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
SPORTS STAFF
Sports EJditor
Associate Sports Editors
L. D. Wood
W. H. Flfleld, S. R. Griffiths,
R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager national Advertising Manager Lorul Advertising Manager Oirenlation Manager.
R. J. Hulse -L. H, Brown ..D. C. Miller . .J. P.iGirard
WOMEN’S STAFF Bditor... ..... Helen Creech Advertising Manager.—. Betty Barnett Assoeiate Editors— .Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke
Issue Editor—W. M. Anthony
jihat demonstration of mud-slinging, verbosity, and astute hypocrisy known politely as the presidential campaign ? To defend American youth on that score is a mistake, but at least no harm can come from looking at the matter from the view of collegiate youth. The young man or woman looking at American politics with an eye to participation by voting is immediately assailed by acute inferiority complexitis. His own puny, single vote when set in contrast to the tremendous political machines that grind out votes numerous as coffee grains from a coffee grinder seems infinitiesimal, to put it mildly. Certainly, the young voter is inclined to doubt seriously the value of individual thinking upon matters of politics when such thought is to be mashed into nonentity by a political juggernaut. Not only does our young idealist face discouragement at election times. During the comparatively calm interim he is met with numerous tales of public graft, congressional incompetence, and powerful lobbies controlling legislation. And perhaps it is not unreasonable for a young person to wonder if something is not amiss with our legislative body when the Zionchecks and Hueys are in full bloom. In fact, if our young cynic were wont to probe deeply enough into the question he might be inclined to wonder if the whole grand performance of choosing office holders by means of a short of glorified popularily poll is not a bit preposterous. But by this time our former high-minded young voter has become a raving heretic so we must leave him with great distaste.—Miami Student.
Telephone Books And Digest Polls . . .
Either the Literery Digest or Jim Farley is wrong. The Digest, as has been its custom since 1924, is conducting another mammoth presidential poll. So far, Alf Landon is well in the lead, with more than half the states tabulated. Republicans, joyously pointing to the phenomenal accuracy of past Digest polls, claim the election is assured for their candidate. The poll is quite surprising in that it shows large leads for Landon in states where even G. O. P. leaders predict a close race. California, for example, is in the Landon column 17,000 to 16,000. And yet in view of the heavy Democratic registration here this lead seems hardly logical. Explanations are being sought for this seeming inaccuracy in the present Digest straw vote. In 1928 the magazine overestimated Hoover’s majority by 5 per cent. It was considerably more accurate in 1932. It missed predicting an exact electoral count by only two votes. In the 1934 Epic campaign, however, the Digest overestimated Governor Merriam’s popularity by 15 per cent. This was a rather large margin of error, quite large enough to have thrown a closer election the other way. Upton Sinclair’s explanation of the present poll is interesting and sounds reasonable. He says the Digest no longer gets a true representation of the people. Because it selects voters from subscription lists and telephone books, the magazine, claims Sinclair, doesn’t reach that one-third of the population which is economically lowest. To account for the poll’s early days of accuracy, he maintains that until Epic came along there was no class division of vote; both rich and poor voted the same ticket. Now the rich and poor, as classes, will vote different ways. Whether this explanation is valid remains for the electorate to decide. At any rate, in less than six weeks they will answer the question: Is the Digest always right?—California Daily Bruin.
Old & lack -
What was AGR Miller doing talking to Ellen Davis’ parents about his frat pin (he lost? it several days ago) ? Can’t he get it back without parental influence?
J. B. (Heavy) Kohlmeyer, an instructor on the Ag Campus, had great difficulty convincing Kappa Van Hoesen, speedy clerk, that he was not a freshman, but an instructor, when she tried to sell him a freshman pot.
And the German's named their ships after jokes so the English wouldn’t see them! —^West Pointer.
THE PERFECT GIRL Her skin is soft and white, Her teeth, a pearly hue; Her hair is lovely, quite, Her eyes are dainty, too.
She’s not like other girls. She’s better than just par. Frivolity and curls Her charms exceed by far.
And yet, she’s not my girl A Phi Psi has her bound To think HE owns the pearl I thought that I had found! —Bob Reed.
ATO Hedlund (of Hedlund’s Emporium) says he is now a Kappatalist.
Definitions: “Good Kid”: The kind of a girl who is all right for the other guy. Fraternity Pin: Knick-knack that is hung, but which doesn’t stick unless the poor chump is stuck. Sorority: Place where housemother sleeps. Fraternity House: Eating club with terrible meals.
BY CADWALLADER
The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Attendance
I have heard from time to time tales of how the attendance ruling has been ignored by certain faculty members. These cases are an affront both to students and the ruling faculty body. There is no excuse for the unfair discrimination which has been reported in a few instances. Pressure should be brought to bear on those who disregard the rule. Some of the measures adopted by certain faculty men virtually keep the students involved from taking the course or courses they desire, or must have to graduate with the degree they want in the proper length of time. After due notification, a student who is failing in a course may be rightfully subjected to discipline. But the severity of such discipline is, in some cases, perhaps too great. When the voluntary attendance ruling was adopted, students thought they would be permitted to cut all classes they desired, and needed only to meet the definite requirements in a course to get a passing or higher grade. But when the sad tale came out, they found they had been the victims of mistaken ideas. Then the attendance ruling was modified—a definite step backward. Really progressive schools place no restrictions whatsoever on attendance. After all, are grades to be based on attendance or upon knowledge ? It is true that there is a connection between the two in many cases, but I can also name some in which there is little. And then to have a certain few come along and distort the thing makes the situation positively odorous.
Send in those scoops on Hodgdon, Hughes, Truitt, or Lowe. They’re sure to slip some time.
Theta Chi House
Figures In Suit
Stockholders of the 608 Waldron Street Realty Company, which owns and operates the Theta Chi Fraternity house, filed a suit in the circuit court. They are asking for an accounting and for the removal of the trustee, Alvin H. Huth. ^ The plaintiffs who own the majority of the stock claim that they are entitled to six per cent annual dividends. They assert that they have received nothing since the spring of 1935. John L. Niblack, of Indianapolis, is the attorney for the plaintiffs.
Amelia Earhart Will Address I. U, Students
vAmelja Earhart will address Indiana University students, faculty members, and townspeople on “Aviation Adventures,” Thursday, October 22. The lecture is sponsored by the Associated Women Students and a Bloomington charity organization. Miss Earhart recently left the west coast on an extended lecture tour.
During a recent pre-season snowstorm, the students of the University of Denver proved their superior hardiness by attending classes in a larger percentage than the faculty.
3.
Establish student SELF-government. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. Modify the Student Union election system. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
ARC
LEW AYRES FLORENCE RICE
“PANIC ON THE AIR” and TIM McCOY
“OUTLAW DEPUTY” also ^CLUTCHING HAND”
New MAIN
Bix Double Feature Now Playing Today, Friday and Saturday SKY BOUND
with Eddie Nugent, Lloyd Hughes and Grant Withers
Pius 2nd Feature GIVE HER A RING
Big Musical Comedy of Song and Dance Team
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
One ham on rye—to go!”
Theta Xi
Theta Xi announces the pledging of J. R. Louts, of Lafayette, and M. Cash, of Gary.
Watch For Game-O-Graph
JEAN ARTHUR
THE GAY GAL WHO TOOK MR. DEEDS TO TOWN TRIE S HER TRICKS ON A NEW MAN!
ROARING ADVENTURE
THE DAREDEVIL BAnALiON THAT STORMED THE ROAD UP THE BULLET-SWEPT TRAIL OF SAN JUAN HILL!
I^HOLT / AbiZANEGREV'S W
\ / AbiZANEGREV'S W
endottLiTGli
Today - Friday - Saturday
LUNA
DON'T KNOW HOW I'D BB ONADVBHTURB, \ MISS LA TOUR.,^ I’MMORBOF THB HOMS TYPE*',. . . ei
Adol^ Menjeu
Efifitau,/ JOE PALOOKA COMEDY ^
Today - Friday - Saturday
MARS
FAMILY
TODAY Friday - Saturday
DOUBLE FEATURE
PERILS of the CGAST PATROL JOHN WAYNE|ili^ »
with NAN GReV
— PLUS — Three daredevil-may-care handsome sons of trouble who didn’t know the war was over!
The 3 MESQUITEERS
with BOB LIVINGSTON RAY CORRIGAN SYD SAYLOR■rj- < Jl
V-.f-'
' ’ ’j I'w '■< r 1, ' If-, ,. l‘ ',J ’ .r "‘i , ,' '''•\ “w>S’ ' ' -( ‘ ,. \ ■ ?<■ ,' ,'d, ,;,^,i'f'^-sjfs 'i - , * ' /'I , \ ‘ %" <’''' .i.u'JXyli^^
,4
r
•r /■'■
SPORTS
l^l^e Burbuc exponent
VMiUME XLVin
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THDRSDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1986
HUMBER 10 ^
Former Team
Kizeri SlSiBldi?Blier To^ Match Grhilroii SUM
Two former teammates on Notre Dame’s “Four Horseman” elfeyou of 1924, Noble Kfeer an^ Harry Stuhldreher, vrill be matclSfed against each other as ri^l coaches here Saturday as Purdue tackles Wisoonsin in the annual Boilermaker Homecoming engagement which will *providie the oldening Big Ten tilt of the season for both elevens. Sta'ddng up against a former “Four Horseman” teammate will be nO' new experience to Kizer, as StUhldreher is the third member of the famed Irish backfield combination that the Boilermaker mentor has drawn as an opposing coach in recent years. At present, Kizer, former all-star guard on the “Four Horseman” combination, is one up in the inter-team series, for'his Purdue elevens have taken two decisions from Jimmy Crowley, at Fordham, and dropped one to Elmer Layden, at Notre Dame, after winning from Hunk AnderSon’s Irish the
previous year. In his first season as head coach at Wisconsin, Stuhdreher has already instilled the Badgers with a new enthusiasm for his. eleven convincingly demonstrated against South Dakota State and Marquette that it will be a respected foe in any encounter. Stuhldreher’s teams have always clung closely to the Notre Dame style of play, depending more on speed and deception than sheer power, and the clash with Kizer’s Purdue eleven is expected to develop into a wide open spectacular battle.
PRACTICE TOUCHBALL GAMES Today Field 1—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Kappa Sigmu. Official, Gaulke. 2r—Lambda CM Alpha vs. Phi Kappa. Official, Gillis. 3— Theta Xi vs. Sigma Chi. Official, Hamilton and Utter. 4— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Delta Chi. Official, Kerber. 5— Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta Tau. Official; Latter. 6— ^Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Pirathon. Official, Bartling. 7— Pi Kapl>a Phi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Official, Spencer.
FRESHMAN BASKETBALL
All candidates for freshman basketball report at Memorial Gym Tuesday, Oct. 13, at 4 p. m. Will use your own equipment for a few weeks. —LAMBERT.
Walter J. Cole was a fullback under Dr. Spears, with good drive and an aggressive attitude, but has been shifted to the guard corps due to the dearth of experienced guards. Although light at 184, Cole knows the art of applying speed against big ger opponents. Walt is expected to prove outstanding performing at Ms position, right guard, in the Wis consin game Saturday.
Badminton Class
Starts Tomorrow
Badminton, one of the fastest and most interesting of all sports, will be among the campus activities beginning tomorrow. It resembles tennis in some ways, but is much faster, and is one of the most ancient of sports. A tournament is planned for the latter part of the season, about the middle of November, and badminton fans should start practicing now to be in good' trim. Two' courts are to be provided in the gymnasium and will be open to both faculty and studlents every Wednesday and Friday night from 7 to 9 o’clock.
Few Rooms Left For
Homecoming Crowd
Rooms, either in hotels or private homes, will be Jiard to locate for “old grads” over the week-end, according to E. B. Baugh, executive secretary for the Purdue Alumni Association. The increased enrollment of the University and the county agents conference, in session here this week, were given as reasons for the crowded conditions.
THE SEUW’S SMARTEST OXFORDS
FREEMAN Sk^Uets
Here's a mans leat£ier, shaggy arid tweedy.
4 C! Top off your smart sport and street clothes ’D” *0 "w** 'Shagbucks'- in Grey, Brown, White
and Blue . .. You'd expect to pay more for these fine shoes, but once you discover 'Freemansf you'll never pay more—•anymoreu WORN WITH RRIPR ■¥ MILLIONS
Som* Styles
Slightly Higher
ABCSKoeCo
ielder’s.-.. ....choice III! iiByBob Walpole ■■■■--in
We said yesterday that we would begin this morning on your football sq^ad biography ... we will list the seniors first, then as far as time will allow, we will continue down the list of the first 22 ranking gridders .... we hope that you will like our effort to make you more familiar with YOUR football team . . .
-fc-
Number 33 on the gridiron, yours and our Boilermaker captain, George Bell... George was born in Barberton, Ohio, on September 10, 1913, which makes him slightly more than 23 years of age ... he celebrated his last birthday on the initial 1936 practice session ... —^fc— Born in Ohio, hence the middle name of OHIO . . . graduated from Eastern high school, Detroit, Michigan, his present home town ... a student in the physical education school, majoring in history ... —fc— While George, also called Junior or Punch (he didn’t tell us this, but we heard that the-latter came from “Punch Drunk”) was an undergraduate at Eastern high school, he did right well for himsdf in the athletic line... receiving eleven major letters, three each in baseball, basketball and ice hockey, and two in football ... his last year on the squad he received All-City and All-State honors as a- football center ...
Bell tips the scales at an even 200 pounds, and stands about 6 feet in height... he played an end position on the freshman team at Purdue ... he wa^s reconverted to a center, the spot most to his favor, his sophomore year . . . hopes to coach after graduation, and the annual All-Star game is one of his aims ... —^fc— George frankly admita that the women don’t bother Mm ... and he goes to sleep in' movies ... he is always nervous before starting a game, which is only natural of a captain with his responsibilities ... an excellent leader,, and one of the most popular men on the squad .. he enjoys travel, probably his greatest outeide interest besides football. •—fo— Bell is a member of Gimlet, and when he is home, hangs his hat at the Delta Upsilon house . . . Number 33, George Ohio Bell. ,.
Sir, You Can’t Miss
He sayt: “AhI Smooth drink!” She says; “Ah I Smooth shjrt,” Both are right, but the shirt appeals to the optics. Dark TOsom, white collar and cuffs. (Choose your own collar).
Tailored by Wilaon To a Man's Taate
$1.95
ADVANCE GUARD FASHIONS by Wiboa Brothers
VtMMliir.B.
Greek Softball
League Begins Martin Hits Two Home Runs In Sigma Chi Win
’ Last night’s softball games had their j usual share of arguments, fights, home runs, and confusion, from which emerged the following summary. Alpha Gamma Rho forfeited its game to the Faculty* Delta CM forfeited to Pi Kappa Phi. Delta Tau Delta lost to Phi Kappa Tau, 7 to 0. Delta Sigma Lambda won from Alpha Tau Omega, 6 to 5, in a game which featured home runs by Weldy and Baxter. Delta Upsilon won, 5 to 2, from Tau Kappa Epsilon. Lambda Chi won from Theta Tau on a forfeit. Phi Delta Theta won in a one-sided game against Phi Pi Phi, 18 to 2. The Phi Gamma Deltas won a hotly disputed contest from Beta Theta Pi, 6 to 5. Phi Kappa lost to Kappa Delta Rho, 8 to 4. Phi Kappa Sigma forfeited to Pirathon. Phi Kappa Tau won, 6 to 0, from Delta Tau Delta. Phi Sigma Kappa lost, 8 to 3, to Tau Epsilon Phi in a game featuring a home run by Mangas for the losers. Pi Kappa Alpha won on a forfeit from Alpha Kappa Lambda. Martin’s two home runs enabled Sigma Chi to win, 12 to 3, over Beta Sigma Psi. Sigma Phi Epsilon won, 6 to 5, from Kappa Sigma. Sigma Pi lost by forfeit to Phi Kappa Psi. Theta Chi won, 11 to 7, from Acacia. Theta Xi lost, 7 to 1, to Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
SOFTBALL Today Diamond 1— Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 2— ^Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Theta Chi. 3— Phi Pi Phi vs. Triangle. 4— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Upsilon. 5— ^Kappa Delta Rho vs. Acacia. 6— Delta Tau Delta vs. Tau Epsilon Phi.
George H. Lanphear was another of the converts under Dr. Spears, coming to Wisconsin as a highly touted quarterback, but now leading interference as a guard for some of his former backfield mates. He was an all-state eager at Beloit high school, and won honors on the allsouthern Wisconsin grid eleven. George, ^ong with his running mate, Walt Cole, will see plenty of action when Wisconsin meets the Boilermakers.
7—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 3—Ward 1 vs. Ward 12X. 9—^Ward 2 vs. Ward 17. 10— ^Ward 11 vs. Ward 4. 11— Ward 7 vs. Ward 8. 12— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 13— Ward 9 vs. Ward 7X. 14— ^Ward 7A vs. Ward 16. 15— Ward 13 vs. Ward 10. 16— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 17— ^Phi Gamma Delta vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 18— Ward 15 vs. Ward 12.
Boilermakers Test New line
Veteran Badgers Pre* sent pormidable Attack
Purdue's reconstructed forward wall, built around four veterans of last fall’s campaign, will fa^ the acid test here Saturday afternoon in the Ross-Ade stadium as it attempts to turn back the powerful running attack of Wisconsin's rejuvenated Badgers in the annual Homecoming attraction. The Badgers, boasting practically the same personnel that accomplished the downfall of the Boilermakers last season, plus several outstanding sophomores, will present a deceptive attack that has Eddie Jankowski, plunging fullback, as the spearhead. Four veteran regulars of last fall are expected to be in the forward wall that will attempt to halt the assaults of the Badgers. Capt. George Bell, who played more mihutes last fall than any player with the exception of “Butch” Loebs at end, looks like a permanent fixture at center, while Clem Woltman and Martin Schreyer, junior sturdies, are dne for the call at tackles. Forrest Burmeister, converted tackle, is slated for the left guard berth. The remainder of the forward wall will probably be made up by Bill Vergane, skyscraping sophomore, and Don Powell, I’angy reserve of last year, at ends, and Lee Graves, major letterman of two years ago, filling in the place of Andy Grant, hurt in scrimmage last week, at right guard. Purdue’s success or failure in launching its Big Ten campaign is apt to hinge on the functioning of the forward wall, for the Badgers have convincingly demonstrated that they boast a line on their own account that can more than hold its own in any calibre of opposition. Interest ifi the coming clash mn~ tinues to mount daily, with all indications pointing to a near-capacity crowd.
haLLaLt^
Moderately deep colored shirtings, worn with white collars and white French cuffs, are reported increasing in popularity and are important in the trend to formality in business apparel.
The homburg hat, in black, midnight blue, medium grey and brown, continues to grow in favor, and turns again to the silk bound edge.
The definitely plaided town
London observations indicate that the black suit with either single or multiple white stripes is enjoying high favor for town wear.
ulster shows decided promise
of .becoming an important new
overcoat fash im this whfier.
mi
3’^'''\ ,<•
f^t
>r\n
¥>
i;
ft 4’,' 5f; ’3'^ 1 %v jfr I .
DEBRIS Senior Sittings
Every senior, desiring to have his picture in the 1937 DEBRIS must report to the Debris office, on the second floor of the Memorial Union Building, at his scheduled time. A fee of $1.60 will be charged for each sitting. ' To insure the best picture, it is suggested that the seniors wear plain, dark clothes. —R. W. DWIGHT, Editor, 1937 Debris.
Thnrsday, October 8 8:00 Bivin, R. H. 8:05 Gilbert, W. W. 8:10 Godfror, J. E. 8:16 Brubaker, J. F. 8:20 Graves, Lee 8:26 Greber, E. G. 8 :S0 Bnblitz, C. A. 8:3B Grumme, P. J. 8:'40 Evans, J. M. 8:46 Burkhart, J. R. 8:60 Hafer, E. A. 9:00 Brion, B. W. 9:06 Hale, C. P. 9:10 Egnor, R. F. 9:16 Brown, R. R. 9:20 Flebbe, P. E. 9:2B Forsell, K. A. 9:30 Burks, R. H. 9:3B Hines, G. E. 9:40 Housekeeper, D. L. 9:45 Callis, C. M. 9 :B0 Ewold, D. C. 10 ;00 Brewer, S. T. 10:0B Geiser, K. R. 10:10 Griewosh, S. M. 10:16 Burgess, D. J. 10:20 Easley, G, J. 10:2B Harrison, F. E. 10:30 Burrell, K. H. 10:3B Haworth, H. A. 10:40 Homeyer, H. J. 10:46 Buxton, L. O. 10:BO Hopkins, G. S. 11:00 Beaudway, R. W. 11:0B Farwell, A. P. 11:10 Ganier, A. F. 11:15 Bromley, J. T. 11:20 Geder, H. J. 11:25 Gustoitis, J. W. 11:30 Burroughs, J. E. 11:36 Guthrie, J. H. 11:40 GilHs, A. P. 11 ;45 Byington, R. R. 1 ;00 Blistain, W. 1:06 Emens, J. W. 1:10 Harmon, W. N. 1:1B Burmeister, P. 1:20 Harrell, J. D. 1:26 Hartman, R. A. 1:30 Campbell, G. L. 1:3B Hedlund, R. A. 1:40 Heinen, J. M. 1:4B Campbell, J. D. 1 ;B0 Hensley, E. W. 2:00 Buenting, O. W. 2:05 Hexamer, L. E. 2:10 Hoefer, J. A. 2:15 Captain, E. A. 2:20 Hooper, W. T. 2:2B Howe, C. S. 2:30 Cantwell, A. 2:35 Hulse, R. J. 2:40 Humphreys, R. S. 2:45 Carlson, R. O. 2:50 Graham, R. E. 3:00 Burkhart, R. L. 3:05 Iddles, G. 3:10 Jump, J. E. 3:1B Burnell, G. W, 3:20 Tillett, C. H. 3:26 Tipper, H. W.
3:80 3:36 3:40 3:45 3:50 4:00 4:06 4:10 4:15 4:20 4:25 4:80 4:36 4:40 4:46
8:00 8:06 8:10 8:16 8:20 8:26 8:30 8:35 8:40 8:46 8:60 9:00 9:06 9:10 9:16 9:20 9:26 9:30 9:35 9:40 9:46 9:60 10 :00 10:06 10 :10 10:16 10:20 10 :26 10:30 10:36 10 :40 10:46 10:60 11:00 11:06 11:10 11:15 11:20 11:26 11:30 11:36 11:40 11:46 1:00 1:06 1:10 1:16 1:20 1:26 1:30 1:36 1:40 1:46 1:50 2:00
Chenoweth, B. M. Tober, A. H. Thomas, H. L. Clark, H. M. Trbovich, M. Day, J. H. Trees, C. J. Turnbill, R. C. Dean, M. A. Upton, W. E. Vanderhoof, S. P. Dehl, J. S. Vaughan, J. C. Voigt, R. N. De Groot, J. A. Friday, October 9 Buchanan, L. W. Hunter, W. C. Hunzicker, O. F. Chastain, B. I. Jewell, M. Jones, R. L. Christy, H. R. Todd, H. D. Thompson, T. R. Cohen, J. Kmecza, M. Canham, C. H. Gibbs, H. W. Verdicchio, F. Carr, J. E. Vernor, P. H. Vogle, G. C. Classon, E. G. Whitney, J. F. Uner, R. A. Coddington, J. A. Kueck, H. F. Canatsey, G. D. Levy, G. F. Jackson, G. W. Capron, C. Townsend, J. W. Van Pelt, W. E. Corbon, H. B. Helser, L. P. Winter, W. E. Conner, A. C. Mikkelsen, E. W. Caldwell, J Hardin, C. M. Hersh, H. Carton, R. F. Holdeman, R. L. Humfeld, G. P. Claus, W. D. Justin, F. H. Vargo, F. W. Clevenger, W. W. Castor, C. V. Hodgden, W. W. Westphal, N. E. Clary, W. M. Wirth, S. R. Welklinski, C. J. Clive, O. H. Woodard, B. M. Wagner, K. C. Connelly, J. W. Ward, R. M. Chancellor, W. S.
FOOTBALL
FASHIONS
For Stadium or Campus
Here's Need
What You and Here's
Where You'll Find
It.
TWIN SETS $2.98-$3.98 SLIPON SWEATERS $1.98-$2.98 Solid Color Combinations, Novelties Sizes 34 to 40 and Junior's Sizes
SKIRTS
New "Swing" Styles. Plaids, Checks, Tweeds, Plain Colors! Pleats, Flares and Gores— $2.98-$3.98 CULOTTES Wool Crepes and French Flannels made to fit and look like skirts— $2.98-$3.98 BLOUSES Silk Crepes, Satins, Novelties in Black, White, Egg Shell and bright colors— $1.98-$2.98-$3.98 JACKETS jackets, Suedes, Leathers, Wools and Flannels, colorful and warm— , ! $5(98 to $8l98 COLORFUL SCARFS Satins, Wools and Crepes in swanky new styles at— $1.00 to $2.98 UNDERGARMENTS For comfortable, practical wear under the sports clohtes "Fprmfit" Skippies two-way stretch girdles $2.00 to $5.00 Also All-in-One Skippy $3.50 to $5.00 "Fortnfit" Brassieres 59c to $1.00 Roger's Run Proof Panties 59c Kickernick Panties $1.00 Tide of Fashion Hose 69c; 3 prs. $2.00 Gold Stfijje Hosiery 79c-$l .00-$! .15
05 Wilson, B. F. 10 KlopfensteinrR. B. 16/ Cleveland, G. W. 20 Koch, C. D. 26 Kochman, R. B. 80 Cohee, a M. 36 Kochorsky, M. S. 40 Korty, N. L. 46 Coulter, J. A. 50 Kroeger, E. J. 00 Chamberlain, R. W, 06 Lawson, W. P. 10 Leflfee, J. C. 16 Clifford, T. D. 20 Lischer, L. F, 26 Loehr, R. W. 30 Gripe, R. W. 36 Logan, W. G. 40 Lommel, E. G. 46 Dailey, Lawrence 60 Love, M. E. 00 Daniels, S. D. 06 Hudson, M. B. 10 Howard, F. K. 16 Danner, W. J. 20 Knepple, R. A. 26 Knerr, C. J. SO Davenport, R. E. 36 Kohr, M. 40 Kraner, T. E. 46 Davis, S. P.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWEITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Sale—Roll top desk, cost new $50, like new at $15 ( can be converted into flat top desk). Moore’s Colonial Mkt., 220 N. Fifth.
For Rent—Board and nicely furnished room with desks for two girls. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
Reward—For returning glasses lost Monday between Purdue Hall and Sixth and University. Call 7927.
Get your radio tuned up for the coming games. Radio servicing done reasonably. Phone 61671.
Lost—Milan high school ring in Union Building. Reward. Call Chuck Coe, 6734.
For Sale—One of the largest collections of antiques in Indiana at MOORE’S COLONIAL MARKET, 220 No. Fifth St.
Ask for Chamberlin Ice Cream. Special this week—^Tutti Fruti & Vanilla.
NOTICES No notiCM accopted after S p. m.
Wesley Foundation—All students are invited to Morning Watch Services each Tuesday and 'Thursday morning from 7:30 to 7:60 at the Wesley Foundation House. Lome Doud will lead Oct. 8. —FERGUSON.
Co-eds—Wishing to be campcraft leaders meet at the Women’s Gym Oct. 9 at 4. —HALSTEAD.
Independents—^Help wanted, Male: Manager, producer, coach in drama ; debate manager (sophomore or junior) ; manager and director of chorus, quartet and vocal work; manager and helpers in discussion group work; manager of date bureau; men for office work and interviewing. Help Wanted, Female: Singer or instrument girl for orchestra ; manager and producer in drama; debate manager; manager in chorus, quartet and vocal work; manager and helpers in discussion work; girls for office work and interviewing. See Wilson White at the P. I. A. office or call him at 31912. —WHITE.
Fraternity Presidents—^Have money for frosh-varsity tickets sent to Hodgdon at Sig Chi house by Oct. 9. Address checks to the Gimlet club. —KE'TTLE.
Radio Club—^All old members asked to attend the short business meeting Oct. 8 at 4 p. m. in E. E. 264. j —WEPPLER.
P. O. M. M.—^All members and pledges report to Armory Oct. 8 at 4:30 p. m. for formal pledging. Juniors wear suit coats. -LOVE.
W. A. A. Tennis—-These games must be played before Oct. 9; Bernadine Barnes vs. Marian Long, Janette Morris vs. Florence Beilke, Elizabeth Barnes vs. Willie Gross, Betty Arnold vs. Martha Walker, Margaret Jenkins, vs. Joyce Davison, Roselyn Jackson vs. Luanna 'Thompson, Ruth Randall vs. Georgia Walker, Pauline George vs. Margaret Mathes, Eileen Thomas vs. Maud Wilson, Marian Kidd vs. Georgia Elliott, Alice Breitwieser vs. Nina DeWitt, Mary Alma Pell vs. Lois Mills, Charlotte Foreman vs. Jinny Baxter, Marjorie Mobler vs. Barbara Pickett, Blanche Kernel vs. Margaret Stocker. —RIETH.
Swimming Classes—Classes for Oct. 6 are postponed until Oct. 8 because of convo. Schedule for Oct. 8 is as follows: 7 :30, "hdvanced swimming; 8:80, life saving. —RUSSELL.
Bowlings—^There is a new women's bowling class, P. E. W. 68, open Tuesday and Thursday at 2 p. m. There is room for several more women. Apply at Women’s Gym. —ELLIS.
Independents—All wishing to participate in membership campaign please report to P. I. A. office between 4 and 6 p. m. any day this week. —PARKHURST.
Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting is postponed until Oct. 9 at 7:16 in the old Union office. All pledges whose names appeared in the Exponent are expected to be there for initiation. —FUTOOHEE.
_ Phi Lambda Upsilon—All associates, actiyes and pledges going to pledging and picnic Oct, 9 at 4:80 sign up in Chemistry 206 or Heavilon 101 before 4 p. m. Oct. 8. ^ —SEILER. Physics—Condition examination for physics 1, 2, 21, and 22 will be held October 17 from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 103, Physics Bldg. —ABBOTT.
Zouaves—^Meet in Armory Oct. 8 after school. -WINTER,
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 5Q^ Main St,
COLLEGE
especially DESIGNED forVOUl
You'll rate 100% In fashions In these exciting new fall styles. They're smartly designed to capture youth's gay, carefree abandon. In these
• i Other Styles $1.99 to $4.95
9 Subjects You Can’t Flunk
High riding Step-in pump . . . shown in . . . black suede, brown suede, and green suede.
Suede and patent combination 4 buckle strap . . . shown in . . . black suede, brown suede and dubonnet.
Spectator pump of brown suede with built-up leather heel.
Monk strap with square toe and square heel . . . shown in . . . black suede and brown suede.
Beautiful suede and kid combination strap . . . shown in . , . black suede or brown suede.
High riding tie . .. shown in brown suede and black suede.
Full Fashion HOSIERY 69c Sheer Chiffons Newest Fall Colors
Copies of High Priced Models
Skull and Crescent—Meeting at 4 Oct. 9 by Pharmacy Bldg., to build bonfire for pep session. —FENSTERMAKER.
A. S. M. E.—Mechanicals who have not yet signed up for membership may do so in G. A. Young’s office. —WELDY.
Union Sophomores—Our committees will report to Reid in the Union workshop at 4 p. m. Oct. 8. —STALLINGS, PUTZE. Reamer Club—All pledges are required to report to tbe main desk, Union, at 7:30 p. m. Oct. 8. —BUXTON.
Union Sophomores — My committee will meet in. the Union office at 4 p. m, Oct. 8, —PFORZHEIMER.
Union Sophomores—Our committees will meet in the Union workshop at 4 p. m, Oct. 8 —CLAYPOLE, REID, FITTS, WPGANDT. Scrivener Club—^There will be a meeting Oct, 8 at 682 Harrison St., at 8 p. m. Bring manuscripts, —VERBER.
W. A. A. Archery—Practice at 4 p. m. Oct. 8. First practice for individual tournaments. —BOEHM.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Short meeting in the Y. W. 0. A. office Oct. 8 at 4 p. m. —JONES. Camera Club—Meeting at 7:16 p. m. in room B of the Union. —CLAYPOLE.
KEYS Kejis for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Antoiceys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
Glider Club—Meeting Ocf. 8 at 7:16 in room A of the Union. —O’NEAL.
Debris Sophomores—Important meeting at Debris office Oct. 8 at 4 p. m. Bring pencil and ruler. --EHINGER.
John Sperb Hardware, Paint and Glau • 822-S24 Main Street LAFAYRTE, INDIANA> i}<\' - «i ^ <v./. I’ ' >y ^ ", • Jj I'horgday^ Oetobey 8,1986 ,
; Si,
THE PUKDUB EXPONENT
Specials
/
' ■ ■ ■ '
at the
Union
FOUNTAIN COKES SODAS SUNDAES
Grill-Lounge
SPECIALTIES •
Special plate lunches are of-
FOOD 1 / SANDWICHES
fered for your benefit every
' , WAFFLES ** CHOPS
day. A well balanced meal of
STEAKS ROASTS
wholesome food Is assured you
bnORT OKDcKb
always. '
The Purdue Memorial Union
CORNER OF THE CAMPUS -:- CENTER OF COLLEGE ACTIVITIES
Southpaw Badger Backfield Ace
Bronko Malesevich, right half-back on the 'Badger team, assured himself of a starting role against the Boilermakers next Saturday by his stellar running and left-handed passing and left-footed kicking attack in the South Dakota State-Wisconsin and Marquette-Wisconsin games earlier this season. He will have to be stopped before the Purdue victory is in the bag.
^'Pardon me, Duchess, but youWe sitting on my Twenty Grands.’ “Oh, Colonel, you say the cutest things. Have one of mine I”
Copr. 1936 iniie Axton-FiAer Tobacco Co., Inc.
ALSO OBTAINABLE IN PLAT FIFTIES
WE CERTIFY that we have inspected the Turkish and Domestic Tobaccos blended in TWENTY GRAND cigarettes and find them as fine in smoking qudity as those used in cigarettes costing
as much as 50% more.
(Sientd) Seilj'Putt & Rushy Inc.
(Jn eallaioratlan toM tobaoeo
MUSIC ROOM PROGRAM
NOON PROGRAM 1. Sacre du Printemps, Le (Strawinsky). 2. Piece Heroique (Franck). 3. Pagrliacci-Prologue-Si Puo (Leoncavallo). 4. Moonlight Conata (Beethoven). 6. Valse Triste (Sibelius). 6. Show Boat—Selections (Kern). AFTERNOON PROGRAM 1. Rhapsody in Blue (Gershwin). 2. Rigoletto—Quartet (Verdi). 3. Who Is Sylvia? (Schubert). 4. None But the Lonely Heart (Tschaikowsky). 6. Ezekiel Saw de Wheel (Brown). 6. Hear, de Lam’s a-Cryin’ (Brown). 7. Nutcracker Suite (Tschaikowsky).
We Are So-o-o-o-o-Sorry, Johnny Dear
In last Friday’s Exponent, we erroneously gave the name of Johnny Ammerman’s orchestra as Jdhnny Emmerman. Then, on Saturday, to add insult to injury, we proceeded to call him Johnny Hamilton. The Exponent bows its head in shame Johnny, and begs pardon on bended knee for having committed such a
wrong.
mmBaaammamsnmeaamesmseassamiaimit
Tie fftfaddag Ultow enUe A YELLOW V-8 FORD TARl CAB Black Can far Special Occaafcma 2Se per paceenger any part af the efty SB23 PHONB8 M71 YELLOW CAB CO.
DRAeUIRlON am Tine West larsyetf# Phone 4MS
Wayne Barnard, 1926 pharmacy graduate, has enrolled as a freshman in the Chicago College of Osteopathy, which opened in September.
j^ewnfot/e
Pingl ess TisSu Crtjfpns
West Side Square
Patronize Exponent Advertisere
I. E.S. BETTER LIGHT BETTER SIGHT
Lamps
CHOICE OF SHADES
FLOOR MODELS $4.95 up Table or Desk Models $3.95 up
SEE THESE BEAUTIFUL NEW i. E. S. LAMPS AT OUR STORE AND HAVE ONE SENT OUT ON TRIAL. PHONE 6477.
Note-—We will gladly place *a floor or table model on FREE TRIAL in your own home or office.
DECKER'S
518-520 MAIN ST.
PHONE 6477
llie floor lamp has a heavy standard, opal diffusinx bowl and rubber covered cord with unbreakable plug. Has 100-200-300 watt lighting.
Only $5a95
Only 45c down
Bridge lamp model brings light directly overhead. Weighted base prevepts tipping; Handsome shade and finish adds to its beauty.
Only $4.95
This is the !amp for desk work, reading or studying and also has beauty of design and finish to harmonize with the finest home.
Only $3.95
A// these lamps bear the approval tag of the ** IlUsmnating Engineering Society. Look for it.
50^ per MonthI
0 These handsome sight-saving lamps are now a greater value than ever. They are improved in appearance... shorter standards and new type shades give a more graceful appearance. They are improved in design . . . new features of construction in the diffusing bowl make for greater strength and more glare protection. And the terms are only 45 cents down ... 50 cents a month. Pick out the models you need at our salesroom.
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA
t-
I. E. S. LAMPS $2.95 and $3.95 We heve just raceived a new shipment of the $2.95 Lamps. SOUTHWORT H’S
WE SELL HUNDREDS OF I. E. S. LAMPS H. G. (Deac) REISNER BOOK STORE
A‘
uV - V
.sT#
i A'v
' A ti
•},s’^
V i
If* ,
/?
Ih^ Six
THE PUEDUlg EXPOHENt
31 B^tries ReceivedFor WAA Tennis Tourney
*nilrty-oiie tennis entlinsiasts have entered the W, A. A. tennis tournament, under the direction of Frances Rieth. All participants are urged to get in touch with their opponents so that the first round of matches may be played off this week. The winner of two out of thi’ee sets IS considered winner of the match. Results of all contests should be marked up on the tennis tourney sheet on the W. A. A. bulle tin board in the Women’s Gym. The women’s courts aie available for play any time duung the day when they are not in class use.
Miller A. Welch, a former student in the University school of science, and leader of a Pm'due campus band in 1933-34, has recently been made secretary of the WLAP-Herald (Lexington, Ky.) Kiddie Klub, and is in general charge of the activities of the group. •
Watch For Game-O-Graph
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7tli
Phone 60S0
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Watch For Game-O-Graph
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN-LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
‘‘DEAL” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
NOTICE
On account of school games, our advanced tap and advanced ballroom classes will be held on Thursday instead of Friday.
Enroll Thursday, Oct. 10
Phone 2160
ALLENS
6th & Ferry
Buy your Paint Material for
Homecoming
atl
Smith-Alsop Lafayette Paint Co.
632 Main
PIIMW2263
Lookins Backward
October 8,1935 250 persons attended the annual agricultural extension banquet in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Student Senate sets Saturday, October 12, as deadline for making applications for student automobile licenses before a two dollar penalty is assessed. R. A. Brayton, Debris editor, announces that seniors and juniors may obtain proof of their pictures for the yearbook. Boilermaker gridmen prepare for Fordham game without the services of Cecil Isbell, who suffered a shoulder injury in the night contest with Northwestern on the previous Saturday. The Purdue team won, 7 to 0, in Dyche Stadium.
I’hursdayj October $, 19$^
M. E. Love Elected*
ain Of POMM
Gapti
Badgers Practice Indianapolis For Tilt Saturday
Indianapolis has been selected as the pre-game headquarters of Wisconsin’s Badgers, en route here for the homecoming game with the Boilermakers on Saturday. The Badgers will arrive in Indianapolis at 1:40 o’clock Friday afternoon and will work out at the Butler University field in the afternoon. They will stay over night at the Indianapolis Athletic club and arrive in Lafayette over the Big Four at 11:30 o’clock Saturday morning.
Notre Dame University alumni are planning a nation-wide campaign against communism.
Salaries of Bucknell University’s faculty and administrative staff have been increased 5 per cent.
Watch For Game-O-Graph
Marion E. Love was elected to fill the post of captain of the P. O. M. M. left vacant by the resignation of Glen W. Martin. After the appointment, pledges for the P. O. M. M. were elected. Formal pledging will be held today
at 4:30 p. m.
WBAA TODAY
>
Dr. Elliott Attending Iowa Inauguration
President E. C. Elliott left recently for Ames, Iowa, where he will attend the inauguration today of Charles E. Friley, as president of Iowa State College. Monday night, Dr. Elliott was accompanied by his assistant. Prof. F. C. Hockema, when he went to Kokomo to speak at the opening of the Kokomo Community Fund campaign.
Women Students May File Work Applications
Women students desiring part time work may fill out application blanks in the office of the dean of women. There have been a number of calls for different kinds of work. The new jobs offered include care of children, housework, serving meals, occasional store clerking, and typing manuscripts. The average rate of pay is thirty cents an hour.
Boston Tech Freshmen
Have Beauty And Brains
Beauty and brains are combined in the record-breaking co-ed freshman class at Massachusetts Institute of Technology this year. The total of fifteen is composed largely of scholarship students. There are approximately 2,750 men enrolled.
11:00—‘ Hoosier Town Hall”, classroom discussibn, conducted by Prof. P. E Lull. 11:6(1—Purdue News Flashes. 12".00-^Noon Melodies, Ivor Sempill, contralto. 12 .‘16—Luncheon Music. 12:30—Chemistry. l^^,6t«-Noon Musicale, Glenn Crose, Kuitar and vocal 1:00—You and Your Health, “Bronchitis and Pneumonia”, F. M. Hall, M. D 1:16—Electrical Shop, “OERSTED and the Discovery of ElectroMagnetic Effects,” Prof. Rowell 1:80—American Literature, Prof. Sutcliffe 1 46—Markets, J. R. Hays. 2.00—^Weather Reports and Current Events 2 16—Musical Album. 2 30—Songs & Melodies, Bill Jones, tenor, 2 46—Treasure Chest, Robert Horn. 3 00—^Musical Moments. 3.16—Education & Society, “The Primary Group in Education,” Mr. T K Noss. 3.30—Afternoon Musicale, “The Stranger,” pianist. / 3 46—The Man-Behind-the-Wheel, Interviewing automobile drivers from the street
Watch For Game-O-Graph Get Game-O-Graph Saturday
SOMETHING WONDERfULGOES ON INSIDI MEDICO^* —
nns, CIOAR6TT6 CiOAR HOLDERS
FINEST BRIAR MONBY CAN BUY
THE ONLY PATENTED ' “CELLOPHANE’'-SEALED fhAer-it really filters
We Carry a Full Line of FRANK MEDICO PIPES ‘Deac” H. G. REISNER
Get a fresh staiH, with ARROWi
up now with Arrow Shirts—they'll you in style for yeoH*s—and give you more collar and "shirt satisfaotioh than you've ever known before.
Try hunt or CARLTON, with the popular wide-spread collar models. Mitoga lit. . . . Sonlorized Shrunk. In white or fancy — $2.00 — $2.50
We Carry A Full Cine of Arrow Shirts
SOUTHWORTH’S
It's a Liqht Smoke!
As Gentle as it is Delicious!
For Lucky Strike is not merely mild and mellow in taste, but a genuine light smoke which always treats you gently. You will find it easy on your throat, kind when you inhale, firiendly all day long. If you believe in a gentle smoke, you believe in Luckies! Among all cigarettes, this is the one which ofiFers you the welcome protection of that famous process known to the world as **lt*5 Toasted.” And this is the one that millions turn to—for deliciousness, for proteaion, for all-day smoking pleasure! Luckies are A Light Smoke of rich, ripe-bodied tobacco.
NEWS FLASH!
★ ★
''Sweepstakes'' employs 6,000 to address entries!
Over 6,000 people are employed in addressing return entry cards for that great national cigarette game, Youc Lucky Strike "Sweepstakes.” Entries come from every State in the Union. Have you entered yet? Have you won your Luckies—a flat tin of 50 delicious Lucky Strikes? Tune in "Your Hit Parade”—Wednesday and Saturday evenings. Listen, judge, and compare the tunes —then try Your Lucky Strike “Sweepstakes.” And if you’re not already smoking Luckies, buy a pack today and try them, too. Maybe you’ve been missing something. You’ll appreciate the advantages of Luckies—a Light Smoke of rich, ripebodied tobacco.
CopyrUht IM8. The AmetltMm Tob*CQ0 Compamr
OF RICH, ripe-bodied/TOBACCO - "IT'S TOASTED”