Volume 53, No. 10
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, September 18,1041*
Religious Convocations Bring Outstanding Ministers Here
All Student Owners Meeting
Must Register Cars
Best Sermons Collected In New 160 Page Booklet Special religious convocations which have been held at the University for the past six years, have brought some of the outstanding ministers and religious dorkers of America
Money From Sale ”
Of Books Available At Book Exchange
Monday, September 9, is the deadline for registration of student cars. President E. C. Elliott warned yesterday that students who intend to drive their cars during the school year must comply with University regulations or be penalized. Applications for registration of cars may be obtained at the physi-
The regular meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, September 22, at 4 p.m., in Eliza Fovler
Hall.
A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Freshmen Women Hear Dean Stratton, L. Shickler, ME'
Dr. Cowden To Speak On War Effeds Today
. ,, ,11 ,1 student Book Exchange will move
to the campus to address the tomorrow to the Student Union of - . - , a j
students on some phase of fice where students may get their cal plant office in the Service and A 4 VAukaan MpAt|r|fl spirkitual life. The speakers, money and books after 4 p. m., ac- Stores building. Then all cars must JUjIlCUII I iVUlSIiy
representing Protestant, Cath- coi’ding to Bill Hepburn, chairman inspected by the Indiana State
olic and Jewish churches have Exchange. Police. Inspection is done free of Annual corn and soybean meeting
delivered speeches of note, which
Al Stewart Announces Concert Choir Personelf
Group Enters Tenth Year; Plans Anniversary, National Broadcast
Albert P. Stewart, director of the University choral organizations, announced the 35 members for the 1941-42 concert
ME 40, who told of her experiences choir yesterday. This select group is considered the best of since graduation to prove that there the 400 applicants who tried out for the University choirs
are opportunities for girls in engi- week.
Dean Dorothy C. Stratton opened the meeting “Current Freshman Confusions” sponsdred by AWS yesterday afternoon in the Home Economics auditorium for all fresh-
man and transfer girls.
She introduced Louise Shickler,
neering.
Dean Stratton followed Miss Sehickler’s talk with pointers for
have given students, faculty, and townspeople who have heard them.
The Book Exchange was started Post Number 3 on State -to be held at the Soils and Crops the new girls, in January of 1937, and has func- between 4 and 6 p.m. on Experimental farm today, will fea- (i) It is not important whether or tioned as a non-profit organization Tuesdays and Thupdays.^ ^ ^ ture Dr. "IL K. Cowden as principal ygy going through rush.
rbr37vLrof student Union. Upon presentation at the physi- speaker. Dr. Co.,den will discuss wha^ is important^ your httxtude.
Since then a steady increase in de- cal plant _ office of an inspection the “Effects of War on Agriculture” ,,, ^ _
of the convocations, Christmas and Easter, have been entirely musical programs, presented by the Purdue
Choral Organizations.
The University has recently brought together some of the sermons that have been given and published in a new volume entitled, “The Convocations for Worship,” which is just off the press. The booklet contains 160 pages, and contains many of the best seimons
given in recent years.
In the forward by President Elliott, who originated the religious
convocation series, says:
steady
mand for books has been noted, but card showing that the car has been this year’s number was short of the ^c®^cd and approved, the car may
mark set last semester because many new texts were required. Then, too, many students sold their texts last semester since they were unceitain whether they would return to school. Money received totaled $2,400 in comparison to $3,666 of last year. There is still $1,000 yet to be paid students whose books were sold. The aveiage puce paid per book was
$U75.
It is imperative that students call for their money and books that were not sold at the Student Union office
Dr. Cowden was a member of the
Penn State College farm manage- gijgp order /to be doing some'
ment dept., engaged in research, teaching, and extension work. After five years at Penn State, Dr.
“The annual series of convoca
tions for worship, conducted by the today or tomorrow, r.e.f.
University since 1934, have proved to be a distinctive as well as an encouraging educational undertaking.” “It is the desire of the University, as far as may be possible, that this modest volume may go to the Christian ministry of the state, thereby furnishing some evidence of the positive concern of the University for the Religious and ethical welfare of the students. The
WRH ToSponsorOld Girls' Annual Picnic Today At South Hall Seventh annual Old Girls’ Picnic will be held today at 4:30 p. m. on the South Hall picnic grounds of
University does not forget that the tjjg Residence halls. For the seventh is a melodrama of the future by
be officially registered, a.m.p. Playshop Laboratory Group To Hold 'RUR' Cast, Crew Tryouts Tryouts for the Playshop Laboratory group’s first production of the season will be held Saturday afternoon at 1 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Positions are open on either the cast or the crew for those in-
terested.
The Playshop Laboratory Theater is primarily for freshmen and aspiring actors who have not had previous expel ience in playshop. As an
experimental theater, the labora- in gioups to the section of the faim
tory group also offers opportunities for students not desiring to act who are interested in the technical pres-
entation of a play.
R. U. R.”, the first production.
(2) Make a time schedule even if you have to do it bi-weekly. Do
Before coming to the University, £gg| ^ji^t you have to drink
during the afternoon program.
Wickard Calls Food Defense Conference; Staff Plans To Attend
your capacity of cokes in the sweet-
Cowden came to the University and has been a member of the Farm management dept, here for the past four years. The day’s events at the Experimental Farm will get under way at 9:30 a.m. when visitors will be takqn around the farm on inspection tours, guided by a member of
Founded in 1931 by Al Stewart, the concert choir enters its tenth year with a full and varied schedule. Throughout the year various conventions will be entertained by the choir—the Indianapolis Masonic Lodge being their first out-of-town engagement on October 18. As has been the custom in preceding years the concert choir, along with other musical organizations on the campus, will present one in the series of scheduled music convocations. During the coming month the Concert Choir has several engage-
of Agronomy Dept, who will le
port the results of the research in them voluntarily, progress on the farm during the This is the first in a series of past spring and summer. meetings organized to Following the afternoon program, Maiy Ellen Scarff and Lynn
The “Food for Defense” conference called by Secretary of Agri-
(3) Do not be afraid of flunking culture Claude R. Wickard tomorout. Do your best and tiy to make row and Satuiday in Chicago will
at least 12 hrs. of “B” your first be_ attended by several members ii^ents planned t^oughout the Midsemester. of the University staff and others West, a nation-wide broadcast,
(4) Remember “your family is connected with the university, making an investment in you.” You Director Harry J. Reed of the are pretty valuable to them so let Agricultural Experiment Station at them be the judge of what you are Purdue, L. E. Hoffman, associate getting out of the University. director of agricultural extension (6) Do not wait for a summons University, Miss Leila Gad-
dis, state leader of home economics extension, T. R. Johnston, director of Information, Virgil D. Sexon, ex-
tension representative of the State Ralston, E
AAA committee, M. M. Justin, crop
to see your faculty adviser but go
a tenth anniversary for choir alum-
ni.
SOPRANO C. Bals, J. Crane, J, Dixon, W. Palmer, B. Ray, A. Schmadel, V. Ulrey, B. Wedge, M. Williamson.
ALTO
A. Coe, M. Crane, M. Harding, B. Heath, J. Miller, M. O’Hara, R.
Shell, C. Wood.
TENOR
statistician. Dr. J. B. Kohlmeyer of R. Friend, C. Garber, A. W. Hu-
great majority of these students come from the same homes seived and conserved by this ministry.” “Purdue Univeisity intends to omit no reasonable effoit to cause all of its students to remain conscious of the first place of things of the spirit in a life that is more
than bread.”
Dr. Elliott pays tribute to the work of the committee in charge of the convocations which has included Prof. Laurence Hadley of the Mathematics Department, who has served as chairman.
year chicken chow mein, one of the Karel Capek. The action takes place favoiite dishes at the halls, will be on an island on, Earth. This is the served at the picnic. first time the laboratory has underAbout 850 people are expected at taken the production of a full threethe picnic, 450 of these being girls act play with entirely new talent,
who have lived in the halls in former k.r. years. The guests will include Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart, Dr. Bertha Rose, and all of the girls who have lived in
the halls.
The former residents will go to the rooms where they lived when they weie freshmen, and get acquainted with the girls now living
persons interested in specialized Erganbiight were in charge of this planning office, and bert, J. G. Mincle, W. Morgan, M. agionomic problems will be taken meeting, d.p. Shideler, state director Smith, S. Smith, P. Hopf.
of the Farm Security Administra- BASS
tion, will attend the meeting. R. Buffington, J. Chase, W. KenRepresentatives of all the agri- i^edy, H. W. Kuhn, R. Molitor, R. cultural agencies concerned with Myers, C. Powell,^ J. Richards, W.
the increased production of certain Rothqnberger.
foodstuffs will be included in the ^ rehearsal for the concert choiy delegation from Indiana, to be head- tomorrow afternoon at ed by L. M. Vogler, chairman of the ^=^0 m the Hall of Music, a.p.h.
State AAA Committee and chairman of the Pood for Defense com- f
mittee. a.l.w. U HI OH NVtXGT
Freshmen Shouldn't Forget To Address Letters To Mamma The annual anonymous “Dear
in which they are most interested. Late comers will be given an opportunity at this time to inspect the experimental work on the farm.
d.e.g.
University Glider Club To Hold Open Meeting All inteiested students are invited to attend an open meeting of the University Glider Club this evening at 7:30 o’clock in the tower room of
the Union.
The program will include motion pictures of the club’s soaring activities dining the past year as well as
Bobby Byrne Plays Tomorrow Evening In Union Ballroooms
Bobby Byine, “This Year’s Young Man of Music,” will headline the regular Union mixer tomorrow night. The couples will dance to the music of the second of the mixer season’s “bigger name bands” from 9 to 12 o’clock in both Union ball-
rooms.
Byrne got his start filling Tommy Dorsey’s shoes in May, 1935 9i[q. ut p3.i.inooo dn-:jiids aqi uoijav Dorsey brothers’ orchestra. Jimmy .
, „ i. J 1 J husbandry society, will hold its
and Tommy Dorsey had heard Byrne play eailier in the year while
Hoof And Horn Holds Feature Barbecue For Frosh Mahn, Band
Hoof and Horn, honorary animal
nual barbecue for about two hundred freshman Agriculture students
Wesley Play Tryouts Begin This Afternoon
in those rooms. This picnic gives Mamina” letters have started again, addresses by the officers on the his- .^^.g^.g visiting Cass Technical . , X.. “_x’ toiv. m-esent activitv and nlans for n„x„..-x mi.... "®^^ luesday, beptember 23.
the uppei classmen an opportunity the Lafayette postmaster wants to see their old friends and to meet everyone to knpw. Mostly they’re the freshmen. It also gives the just postcards and always they are freshmen a chance to meet the up- addressed to Mamma and that’s all, perclassmen. no name, n6 city, just mamma. Maiy and Margaret Wirt are in It happens every year at the
toiy, present activity and plans for
the coming year.
The pictures will cover the club’s annual spring vacation soaring trip
Maury Mahns and his 14 piece band will play for the Union Mixer Saturday night from 9 to 12 o’clock,
it was announced today.
Featured at the dance will be the
Dean V. C. Fieeman will be in distinctive song styling of Darlene, charge of the group. The piogram and Vem Droegie who plays a mean for the evening includes a show of clarinet in the style qf^^tie Shaw, the livestock and a short talk by Mahns’ band, which has been on
High School in Detroit. They offered him a job at a future date, but he declined. However, when J. Dorsey was left stranded by his
to Crystal Lake, Frankfort, Mich., brother, he immediately thought of
and another trip to Benton Harbor, the young high school trombone v,u-i,'ov,Hrv TIi'p Tim n’ campus for four years, uses
Tryouts for the three act play, chaige of the arrangements for the start of the first semester and judg- Mich., where they flew over the player. Byrne handled his job well musical^^^tainment Doisev^an3le3Mffl3^”*^ ° “The Enemy,” will be held this aft- Picnic. Miss Connolley, head resi- ing from the warm, maternal texts beach on the lake. Application for enough to receive complinJents and talks by J 0 Dunbar president The^reeular mixer nrice of SI on
dent of Noith Hall, is 'assisting almost all of them aie written by membership will be discussed at the from many noted musicians, inkid- ® and others ^he regular mixer price of $1.00 them C W ......c rinse of f.Vie meefnio*. r_w.1i_ Ti Inc ^ P* V^l pievai .
ernoon and evening at 4 and 7 o’clock at the Wesley'''Foundation, 116 Sheetz Street. Members of all religious gioups may attend the
tiyouts.
The production of a peace play is an annual event sponsoied by the Tippecanoe County Ministerial association. The play will be given in Jeff High School auditorium on November 9. All persons interested in acting, make-up, stagecraft, elec-
Sigma Pi
freshmen. The postmaster says that close of the meetin
since there are so many Mammas to choose from, he doesn’t know quite what to do with these unaddressed
social fraternity announces communiques. He says, further, that
there is no doubt that letters from
the pledging of the following men: Charles Close, Fort Wayne; Dick Allen Miller, Fort Wayne; Roy Abshire, Kokomo, Ind.; Henry Gennett, Richmond, Ind.; Lawrence Huity, Kokomo; Edward Floyd
students will reach their destination with some certainty, if only all the sons and daughters will put an address on the front of them, j.l.t.
First Choir Meeting Starts Tonight, 7:15
trie lighting and other stage crew Jones, Jasper, Ind.; George Dale, operations are urged to attend try- Indianapolis; Robert L. Stahn, Fort
outs. k.r. Wayne.
Are You Looking For A Haven, Men? Bum Room Protects You From Coeds ferent phases of the highway re- Speaking Choir experienced a
One last sanctuary is all that remains of our man’s world search project. The leports are successful first season. Membeis on the Campus. The feminine invaders have taken over the t>cing distributed to engineeis, con- chance to get better aclounges, bowling alleys, restaurants, and even the darkrooms t^^®tois, and otheis conceme wit quainted with their fellow students . ,, XT • 1^ • • X! X 1 X 11 -X construction and maintenance of In- , , i™„j.ove their sneaking in the Union. Feminine feet have tread where it was once i i -.x..-.x_ to improve tneu speaxing
Experiment Station Issues Highway Research Paper Indiana State Highway Department in cooperation with the Sngineeiing Experiment Station has
ing T. Dorsey, his piedecessor. Five years after his start in dance music, Byrne made his first splash in big time band competition with a lecord-breaking seven-teen-week engagement at Glen Island Casino, New Rochelle, New York, the same place he started as J. Dorsey’s first trombone man. Since his debut at the same place where such men as Ozzie Nelson, Glen Gray, Charlie Bainett, Larry Clinton and Glenrt Miller got their start, Byine has been feature^ at
Meadowbrook, on
Chinese Student Emphasizes Advantages Of U. S. Students
“You American students are veiy very lucky,” said Ruhtsuin Tsui, a Chinese graduate student in Agri-
our money. Since the war Chinese currency has been inflated to such
cultural Economics at Cornell Uni- an extent that it now costs $800 versity, as he visited on the campus in Chinese ipqney or roughly $40 last week. Tsui, a former student in good old American dollars. This
th^ Raleigh ^g- Nanking University which has ceitainly affords no comparison
arette program, on Decca records.
how been moved 2,000 miles inland with the amounts spent by univer-’
will travel to Chlcggo for an engagement at Uotel Sherman, k.e.r.
engineering classrooms, once a haven for men only Not that we don’t appreciate the — — coeds on our campus. Everybody the rest of the magazines that a appreciates the Purdue beauty fellow wants to read without the queens, but a man has to have a interference of an inquisitive coed, haven from the oeatures where he That entrance on the second floor
First meeting of the Purdue Christian Foundation Speaking Choir is scheduled for 7:15 this evening in Room 303 of the Union. All old membeis are asked to be present at this initial meeting, arid freshmen are urged to attendwithout fear of interrupting their study program, as the meeting is
scheduled for only an hour. at"llotd" New Yorker" aM at Hotel Chang Tu since the Japanese in- sity students here for their nine Last year, under the direction and Roosevelt in New Orleans. vasion, left his native land about pionths of schooling.
,^ ^ ^ ... leadership of Hubert Reynolds, stu- g features Dorothy Claire a ^ reached this coun- Tsui described the climate of the just published two reports on dit- dent pastor of the Christian Church, fonner siimer for Glenn Miller Aft- by a combination of airplane section of China where he was loof a. l,„Wav „. .. „ ... X...O . and boat favel. a catod aa ideal. The temperatare ro-
The smiling oriental was more mains about the same all during the than pleased to discuss his home year, neither too hot nor too cold» and native land and although his and farmers are able to raise four speech was rather broken it was crops a year. In the fall they sow not long before he divulged some wheat and immediately after this interesting information. The Uni- is harvested, rice plants which have versity of Nanking has an enroll- been grown in a nursery are set
Indiana hog ment of 800 students who are con- put. harassed by Japanese When the rice has been harvest,
annual University Swine day to- bombers to such an extent that ed, soybeans are sown and these morrow. Over 400 hogs will be bombing has almost become a rou- aie followed by clover and wheat studied at the University Swine ex- tine matter. again. Thus the farmers of this secpeiimental farm with regard to the Classes start at 7 in the morning tion of China are able to use the vaiious rations fed them during the and last three hours until 10 o’clock whole year as a growing season and summer. The results of these teats when the bombers usually come raise four crops while the farmers will be taken up in detail in the over. The air laids last until 2 o’- of Indiana can utilize only the.short afternoon by Prof. C. M. Vestal in clock at which time classes aie le- summer and raise but one or two the livestock judging pavilion. sumed for the remainder of the ciops on the same ground in a year. Dr. C. R. Donham, University vet- afternoon until 6 o’clock. The town Tsui who expects to receive his
giam has been called by Piofessor eilnarian, will talk on curient hog wheie the luiiveisity is located is doctor’s degree in this country and Ben Petty of the School of Civil diseases, while J. R. Wiley, also on suriounded by four airports which then leturn to teach his countryrnen, Max Jasol, sophomoie mechanical Engineering Friday moiniiig, Sep- the University staff, will explain are continual targets for the Jap- was almost overwhelmed by siato.
Hog Feeders Convene For Annual Swine Day
A ciowd of 2,000
construction and maintenance of Indiana highways, streets, and
considered a crime to do so. The women are even invading our budges. . x., • x j
The first bulletin by Tilton E. The Speaking Choir P^sented Shelburne of the research staff several special nujhbers at the First , , .XX X x'x ; Chiistian Chuien last year, and,
ea s wi researc i year, noVelty as well as spin- feeders aie expected to attend the tinually surface toatment of highways The ;,,„,bers are to be included in in. finmlini.^
other by Donald J. Bleacher of the , same staff coveis the field of low program, a.p.
can loaf without distraction. Thank of the west wing of the Union leads loads. Each man is in charge heaven that the great powers of the to genuine masculine comfort. Even paiticular phase of the pro-
campus had enough foresight to a radio is supplied so that you can
provide one last retreat for the hsten to your favorite news broad- The office of the University Edi-ever-followed male. casts. The comfortable lounge *0^’ distribution.
Yes, the one place where those chairs and couches are ideal for females of the campus dare not pipe dreaming, reading, studying, or
tread is inside the door with the just plain loafing,
little bronze plaque. So, yorise guys, if you have an So, if you are harassed at thought argument with your little women
of women following you/Wherever like we did, or if you just want the engineer, entered the Home hospital tember 27 in the Civil Engineering hog marketing studies results, r.w.b. anese. number of buildings, beauty and you go, and you are looking for a enjoyment of masculine environ- for medical treatment last Monday, building. As our conversation drifted to general freedom that prevails on place to go and read “Esquire” in ment, without the presence of worn- John D. Sheley, freshman engi- Officers of various official groups Exponent more pleasant things, Tsui re- oru'campus. And after talking with peace, go to that door with the en, con^en around and enjoy the neer, was released from the St. concerned with highway construe- vealed that before the war a Chin- such a person as him wq begin to plaque: For Men Only. The copy of Men’s Bum Room. You’ll find us Elizabeth hospital Monday after tion will meet with Petty to help Sophomore coed staff to work ese student could attend college for see in a small way just how lueiif “E.squire” that you want will be reading a copy of “How to Live undergoing surgical treatment, plan the program for the school, Thursday, Sept. 18: Slone, Hass, nine months for a total cost of $400 we really ai'e to be AmerlcfU): sttt'there waiting for you, along with Alone and Like It.”—Stan Wolf. r.w.b. to be held one week in January, j.w. Wallace, Alerens, Browne, Lauer. in Chinese money or about $150 in dents.—^D. Butz.
b.a.h.
Health Service
Committee Will Plan Road School Program Sept. 27 A meeting of the committee to plan the annual Road School prp-1 J' 'r1 ' ' #1";:'
iii®
fiuJtduJL £xpmsiML
fint'erlcrt as sccont]'class matte# at the ttost office 5Kx.afay^tsttjs, Jndiana. uncior the act of Cbhirress of Marcli 9,^187!), and St the special nitc of poslaKc provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, nuthoriKOd January 20, 1922. Published d.aiiS’ except Monday durinc the rcKuIar academic year and b’ecKly duriiiE the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier,.for ?3,60 per year, mail subscriptions, .$4.00.
Editop-in-Chief News Editor;.: Btisincss Manascr,
;,.Ned A. Ochiltree John L. TrauRott Don S. Powers
Publication Staff ManaRini; Editor ....Lcland tV. Ruffner Associate Editors: ,T. F. Amos. J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Broph.v, 11. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. G. Kieper.. Business Staff Local.Advertising Mann.eers: K. K. G.iemrc, ‘R. E. Saxton; CiriWiation Manager: W. T. liell : .Accounts .Manager: W. D. Millard.
Editor Associate Editors: Mar
Co-ed Staff
Rulh Ro.se
K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield.
Sports Staff Editor Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors: .O. T. Clark, D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Represented for lUJlionnl advertising by National Advorti? ing Service, Inc., Goliege Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison. Ave.. New York. N. V.
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Amos. .
Stonge: Hadiev
Worktr.s: .A. Wiehard, HcMihe, C. .Wattlevvortli,
Rmiuemoi'e, D.
Hunter: E. Knfiiick. D. Bre\
Night Sports: Frazer Issue Editor: Boswinklc
Pickering, D. Glass, N. Wintin imbrel. R. Fisher, J. Wells, K. .Si’uier. S. Wolf, A. I’rantner, A:
G. Sowards, S. Watson.
•the itjEdio-
• ••fo 1
house o‘ver loo students, ranked in the top 20%. ■ ‘ Thus w.e haVe a. scholastic contest, that is. just about as one-sided and untair as that imaginary football ganie, since, the University Residence Hall units have many more candidates from which to pick their teams. This is especially true, of Cary llall South with ten times as many students as the. average
fraternity, sorority, and cooperative house. We don’t know how iguph you’vt. The only Way these organizations could hope heard about what happened at Fort to compete on an equal basis would be-for smhmer during summer them to select one team from the members anything, here are some
of several houses. . choice bits.
Cary Hall .South this year won thei trophy For instance, get Ruffner or Kra-
.Swtpson -Sm i th
It seems that all through life, col- 4. lege men are doomed ,to' be haunted by Intelligence Tests. MerHy to keep yoiT in practice, we are publishing a sample test. This test was oi’iginally submitted to the administration to be used on freshmen en-
ence
• Hof Notes
XT7- -J. J J.I. T3 4. tering school,, hut the administrav 5. ‘^The Waiter and the Porter and ,.v " , i-u.. ,, X • V J Ti* - J)) i • V bon tiirned. it down; they said it the ISpstaWsi Maid” certainly made • -.f,, , XX- J? -i 1 4uV. was too hard. After all, some stua hot time of it when they were , , , , xi- , „x^ „„ , , , . XI. 1 -x 1. -nru 4. dents have to pass the test, or the turned loose in the kitchen. What. : -n if j" rr,-, r ,x , . 1. X J!,- J . X J! „ campus will be depopulated. Iry
- - - - . _ they didn’t do-^-but find out for ,, . x x x ^ ^ , and should be applauded for the unusually mer or Iwan to show you some of ^™j,self . Bine Grosbv, Mary Mar- our expense, and line! _ . _ _ . ji__' _?_j. J.1- J 1- V . • . o , vf -J-p •trrvn Qi*rk Q mrkroil
high index of their team, but in all fairness pictures they took. Some of ^nd Jackson Teagarden tell you if Von, too, aie a moron.
to the smaller campus houses, some revision thpn really are rare We have in ^rabout it on their latest reco'rd- A Samples-: 1 How many men shniilfl hp iniflP in tViP mpthnd nf awarfHno- i^g- What more could you ask for are five men and ten men?....,...(15) snoulcl be made m the metnod of awarding gj-andt down at the Mammoth Cave jaignev than three swell vocal- (2) If you rvalk one mile per hour the trophy to overcome the inequality in num- trip BiyouaG. Ruffner caught Chuck fgts, a smLth tune and one slick oa® ’aiile,. how far do you her of students from which the teams are changing his clothes after a swim back them up? vvalk? 1- (1)
chosen. Perhaps the - Residence- Hall groups literally with his^pants down. croshy takes most of the l. could be broken up into smaller units, but at We campe ou in e j^ep at ^ with Mary Martin grabbing present the Greek letter organizations and seen Parrish, the second place- and do they go to- 2. cooperatives have about as much chance of next day. He was covered with chig- gether-—you bet. We^ hope there
winning as Purdue would have in our imagi- ger bites from head to foot.
z. T. • 4.U ^-p bination sooB and SO Will yoiT When Tij^vv *fnnfV)nll During the afternoon, some oi ttmi. -nr ‘x ^ j xt. ts
naiy football „ame. , ^
■ about three feet long and Buzz ^he Upstairs Maid.” 4.
Barron from Culver, now a fresh- ^ Cool Notes '
man here thought he’d show the '6. boys how to snap his head off. We If you don’t get this record to mean the ^snake’s head of course, complete your Stokowski album. Well, he finally killed the darn we’ve, missed our guess; “The Legthing but not until it’d bitten him end of the Arkansas Traveler”- is about three times. Incidentally, certainly one of thosebedrock Amerwe’ve often wondered hoAV that dead ican tunes that should be kept for snake ever happened to get into one the ages and the Philadelphia Orof the Ohio, State boy’s tent that chestra has done just that. The mclnio’ht. made famous by Bob Burns, We Went swimming that after- the Ozark philescpher, as his theme noon and we’ll never forget how un- song on his radio appearances; dignified Lieut .Jack Vanderford This, symphonic barndance is cerlooked sliding down a muddy bank tainly unusual, to say nothing of the into the river. Somebody hit Lieut, fiddling of Alexander Hilsbury that Wilson in the stomach with a you’ll find on this record. It looks mud hall that day, too, and he had as if the “Arkansas Traveler” is
a red spot for the next couple of here to stay.
days. Oh, we had a fine time. We’ve been wanting to say someThere were quite a few fellows thing about Ben Bernie and his
How many men are five men and teamen? (Hint, see abovej..( ) How many women are five women and ten women ? ( ) How many men and women are five men and women and ten men
If Purdue's football team was forced to play against a team picked from all the players of the other eight universities in the Western Conference, the students here would undoubtedly complain that it would be one of the most one-.sided and unfair contests ever planned. What chance would our boys have against a team picked from eight times as many candidates? Of course in a long series of games,A Purdue’s squad might be able to squeeze out a victory, but -not very often. A situation comparable to this mythical football game is the new method, used for the first time this fall, of awarding the Munro Trophy for scholarship. Each fraternity, sorority, cooperative house, Cary Hall unit, and Women’s Residence Hall unit selects as their Munro Trophy team the five persons with the highest indices for the year. The team with the highest average index wins the award. At the “V”, Convocation last week President Elliott named Gaiy Hall South’s team the winner with an avei’age scholastic inddx of 6.04. However,' Cary Hall South’s five-man team was selected ■ from 414 students, while the average fraternity, sorority, and cooperative house selects their team from only 35 to 40. All of the other teams from Cary Hall and Women’s Residence Hall units, which each
To St. Francis cle Sales, Patron of Journalism: When the galleys are strevm around us. And the dummy Is due tonight, ; When a proof is lost amid manuscript tossed. And there’s something still to write; . When Ave sit at the keys, bewildered. And all inspiration fails, ... Then share the balm of thy heavenly calm, God St. Francis de Sales. ■ • When an author forgets his promise, But the printer remeinbers ours; When a copy is shy till the hiu'ry is nigh— And then when it comes in showers; When we don’t catch sight of the nil sprints Till the issue is all in the mails. Then keep us whole, in body and soul Brave- St. Francis de Sales. When our pet idea ,is, borrowed '
(With never a credit line)
.When the readers resent what nobody meant And'when mailing lists decline; When we’re tempted to write in acid. Forgetting our Thabors and Grails, Then bind our hands in charity’s bands. Sweet St. Francis de Sales. When all in a day, they call us Too pious, too worldly, too loud. Not up to the knees of the Ph.D.’s , And over the heads of the croAvd Or (worse) when we think that we’re weighty That the world before ns quails, , Oh, keep us sane, and pleasant and plain Wise St. Francis de Sales. . . . . V/hen the very last line is printed And the pens and the presses are stilled And the editor’s “We” is the soUl of me, By the dread of judgment chilled. May some word of mine that was fruitful. Be found in the fateful scales-^ So aid all men who wield pipe and pen, . Great St. Francis de Sales.
Publishers’ Auxiliary.
It is bettef to fightthan4un because . • - ( ) If you fun you may get
shot in back.
( ) If you fight you m^y get shot in. front. ' " ( ) To keep his pants up. If while on a hike you get-bitten-bjr a rattlesnake'y you ishoujd ■ ' ( ) Run and get some whiskey. ( )i Kill, the snalce^- ' . ? ( )' Ruu . and' get some
whiskey. •
. C.SampIe: Dog is to hiir as; fish, is
tor water, scales, fur, -
1. 'rhingummy-gadget: watch- a call-it-doodad, thingambob,., to
keep his pants'up;
2. Cuts - water : Students -eatingj
studying, kissing. ' V ;
3. Japan - China: Italy - Ethiopia,.
Newfoundland, Moscow (xold. v
4. Pigeons-grass: Gertrude,'Stein-
alas, alack, well a dayf" ?
5. Bing Cfbsby-horses; Charlie Me-
, „ , ^ Carthy-termities, Rudy .'Valleej.
and women ? 1
A dealer bought some mules for Samples: 1. People hear with the $800. He sold them $1,000 ?-( ) eyes, ears, nose, mouth, 2. The capiIf a man runs a hundred yards in tal of the United States is in Washthen seconds, how many feet ington, Di C., Europe, China, does he run in 1/5 of a second 1. The Spanish-American War was
and ten men?..i ( ) B. Sample: Why do we use stoves?
Because
‘ ( ) They look well, ■ (X) They keep us warm.
( ) They are black.
1. Why do firemen wear red sus-
penders? Because
(
fought between Russia and India, France and italy, the halves of the Rose Bowl game. Trotslfy is a Russian command', a kind of fish; several kinds of fish, to keep his pants up. Matriculation is:. somet-King dirty, something to eat, a Mexican painter, the second day of
the week.
You are famous as: dope, dunce, idiot, moron,
Alpha Phf Omega
down there with cars, so every “Just Entertainment” show lately, week-end, there was a mass.exodus and here’s the chance: The Bailey to Louisville. Louisville was so pop- Sisters, featured soloists on the ular,. in fact, that Murphy who in- program, never walk up to a mike cidentally was Battery A’s most to sing a number. They execute populai-member went 400 miles out what they call their “good luck of his way to stop there on his way shuffle” which, according to the
) If he didn’t his pants would fall down. ( ) Red is the color of the fire department. ( ) To keep him warm. What do they call fish in Alas-
ka?
( ) Fish ■ National service fraternity, will If you saw a train approaching hold an overnight ca-mpihg trip toa broken track, you should Cary Camp the week-end of Sep'- ( ) Telephone for an amhu- tember 20 and 21. This trip will be lance. the initial meeting of the coming ( ) Holler real loud. season. A softball game will be ( ) Get off the train. featured as part of the activity.
girls, “gets ’em in the mood for on-the-beam rhythm.” We believe it!
780 - CBS
back to school.
It’s always been a source of
amazement to us why Murray and Listen on CBS at 3:45 p.m.
Wood and Cahill and some of the other boys who rode with Murray on their way back tq^ camp on Sunday nights weren’t killed g half a dozen times. Gad, the way that boy
drove.
We had two dances during our six weeks down there. The first dance, everj^body went stag and about 300 girls were supplied by the
hose
For tonight we’re going to suggest that you listen to Major Bowes’ “Amateur Hour,” which will salute Boston, Mass. The Major’s programs are pretty Welcome after his long absence. They are
heard on cijS at 7 p.m.
If you noed alteration done on your suits see jOE'S TAILOR SHOP on CHAUNCEY AVE.
890 NBC
buzzer he quickly bolts the door, and no amount of pleading will lift the latch—until Pop’s demonstra-
tion is finished.
.Pop Jones’ one goal is no secret.
He would like to see the Univer- Order of Zouaves, honorary milisity’s forge shop enlarged and made tary drill organization, will begin
Tryouts Hooday, Sept. 11 Tryouts for membership in the
local gentry. Let me tell you, those Louisville girls are all that they’re
cracked up to be, too.
A couple of fellows like DeGarmo and MacMillan .got ahold of a couple nice ones early and made the remaining week-ends of their stay very pleasant with trips to the local country clubs with the girls supplying the automobiles and everything. Think maybe the most heckled
“Duffy’s Tavern, where- the elite meet to eat, special today, pickled pig’s feet, Archie speakin’.. . Duffy ain’t here,” will tonight herald the openin.g of “Duffy’s Tavern,” popular CBS mirth and music program, at 6:30 p.m. Irish dialogue galore ■—why don’t you .listen ?
WMAQ - 670 - NBC
Did you ever wonder about Ar-
fellow at camp was John Henry thur Lake (you know, “DagIwan. John Avas unlucky enough to wood”) ? We imagine he is what he tent with Farris, Shumacher and is because of his early life. At the MacMillan, and Avg don t think he age of 5 he was playing Jiggs in
as important a course as it once at 4 p.m. Monday, Sept. 22. Any ^ peaceful moment the whole Kansas City.
HEALTHFULLY COOL
TWO FIRST RUN HUS TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
with Ridiord Arlen Andy Devine Jeanne Kelly
AA'as. He looks dolefully at the long basic military student is eligible
On “Pop” Jones
Thi.s ’un’s on “Dad” Jones, or “Pop” Jones, or “Old Man” Jones, or-any of. the. other fatherly, names Mr. .Jones tells freshmen in his first lecture to call him. Mr. Jone.s is the forge shop instructor in G. E. 34. Tc students not taking engineer-
I'OAvs of wash basins in the basement of ‘Mike’s Castle’ and wishes that all of them would just once more be filled Avith boys washing off-the forge dust. In fact, one of the first things he tells the boys in his fii'.^ lecture is for them to let the proper persons knoAV that they Avant forge shop to become a
for membership provided he canmaster the inti'icate drill manual. l’he“Zouaves,” campus name for the drill team, Avas organized in 1928, and the record of achievement as the most Avidely known university drill team in the middle west is quite outstanding. The
squad makes several trips each year
mg' it might be aagII to point out fu]] year’s course. Noav it can be to other universities and towns to
that.lorge shop instruction occupies told that we almost Avi'ote a letter pei’form. b.a.h.
ono-fouith ol the semester devoted to Proxy pleadin,g for Pop’s cause ^— : ^
to G, E. .j4, and throe-fourths of after Ave got told off about the
forge .shop itself is. devoted to get- matches. r.Av.b.
ting .the fire going. But one heccines intimately acquainted Avith Jones beforfc even tlie first period
.i.s ovei'. I.
Pop Gets i^-oused
IIoAV Aveir, Ave remember the day Ave a.sked Php’for a third match to
time he was in the same tent with them. Seems as-though his girl from home had an appendectomy, so you
know wliat that'aneant.
Well, we cqu-idlgb on. like this for quite a w'hile. hut We have to stop sometime. We 'apologize to you girls for the lack-oPfemininity, but we’ll have sofhethingribout you next
time. ' ,
. W ' ■ . ■ 4^. • •
^ . 1
Ave a.sked Ph]; start a fireil
. First he jilaced hi.-, right hand oil hi.'-; chin anl^^ve us the tigei- eye. Tli'en he let?'gh some blacksmith ■ jaiAgon Avhieh} Avouki be eenaorod if : we put it ^pAVn. Right then and Ihcre we da'^i’jled that Ave Avere going to flunk ^qp-—if our sunny in- ■ structoi' ha4V|i.i)jHl'^ing' to do with i it. That’s qfeoilhe day we decided j; ' that ouj' OAt^r&Dad Avas' AVa.sting- hi.s -/ money on tisv Pop alsoj hafs the say so .about 1-:^. what grad|. is #put <lown for. the i% ■ various poems' in steel his boys I. ' hammer oul. One of the ..said poems consis'Ls of;a‘|Junch that will stand I the journej^thi'ohg'h a piece of sheet : ? „ . iron. We thbn^lhe Avas just kidding I - Avhen he tol^ u.s that'v^.e had to make I -one and dr^ve it through the iron J .oursedf. If'U'e reineraher right, our punch broke when Ave dropped it on I ' V; *tbe iloor. But the forge shop floor |. Must Be Ott Ijipe Puiictualfe ojie loop’s key- ' notes.-Freshmen engineers dashing ■ into the Jeetui'6 room in a dead '"'i.iih the blai-ing buzzer run Just about a fifty-fifty 6hance of ^retting’ hi. When Pop hears the
LEARN THE RHUMBA AND LATE BALLROOM DANCES ADULT ADVANCED CLASS OPENS TONIGHT 7:30 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6lh and Ferry
TOD Ay Thru SATURDAY Sizzling Drama ’Midsi' Dazzling SpIdndorT.
WENDY BARRIE Jonathan Hale
Pout' Gullfdyle'
AND —
.VI(iD£ P M, MAKERS Of RIPES
ALSO i ‘"CAPT. MARVEL,'
Serial
STARTSTODAY - DOUBLE FEATURE Clarence Budingl-on Kellan’s Front Porch Philosopher Has a Fling at the Bright Lights! GUY KIBBEE In the Latest an^ Best of the Scattergood Baines Pictures! SCATTERGOOD Meets b roadway
PLUS-
HELD OVER! -THRU S^TUR&AY BY POPULAR DEMANP—
— COMING — ORSON WELLES as CITIZEN KANE
•'Vip xj^^mMTEWcmBm
s
Goi4 PepfMffis T« MmI> [P|ftfsy ^ WA^ Cs^iii Gold Peppets are jifieetiirg' Friday aftetifo&nf ai S.30 ptA at^the W<n ttien’s gym for a picnic at WAA cabin. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton
■will beja gdest.
Presadetit of Qold Peppers is Mary Ellen Scarff, vice president> Donna Seiss, and treasurer, Parbaj^a Adkins Katherine Ade is in char$i^ of the picnic,, at which a n&w
secretary will b® elected
Members are requested to bring 35 cents The meeting is compul-
sory. a hw
Frash 8eady Fdr Saturdays Tiit With Varsii
Elward Polishes Ri«e
Night School ^ Those big lights in the ceiling of the Pieldhouse Were shifting last
Cross CouniFfS^aad
For list tm
biCyerii^Htstofr
With H^emah back ^y*at*2 30^
Atlaflr For Week-End G
Students wi^bd ^en the
ttfnity to preiyiew the 1941 e&tion of the Boilermaker football team at the annual varsity-freshman game in KosS-Adc stadium Satur-
Doaifllnd Sanders Coach DialnondiAen
Goring FaR"!
night, not on a basketball game or a golf dime, but on a hard working fqr i;^‘M'sTsemestCT"of'cross^^n- SiLed hJ Sc Sili^iTrLk!
of fr^hman footballers who hurried through their evening meal competition along with six oth- dub m^-
after a hard afterrtdon’S practice in order to hold another Sessioir fn er veteran Iona distance men Coach ^
Dame, he broke his leg and laid out Prepaj-ation for SatqrddyJ Prosh Varsity eonfict Hetman Phillips’ cross country ® aymlableat the gate of school for the year Last year «ever Seen a bunch of fellows go into smeb an arduous tksk m ^q^^d was preparing yesterday aft- Ogt
such good humor Three teams composed of players who had neyor
ir present teammates before last Wednesday worked
senior vear in the uvex an hour under tbe careful serutiny' of the freshMfeft ' —— “'i-— »»«>• - Mech«,„»l Ew„eer.„g School and cnl?^ ctilKlSaLc^d^S dar^rSnSfo™! iorthe°futare”^' • 'O'*** Biwwh To W®,k WiW aornllam y^art s«iwd rooks hko the boat m magte the sjaad appears to ^ nr Head Coach Elmer Burnham, was rather well pleased with the way Boilermaker history ” shape for Saturday s conflict nlaevm Dutch Fehnne- taho i* hunv Junior G-Man the team has responded imthe short time they’ve had to work together _ . . Vernon Efk senior end out With a ^oomfngC^tSSl Pete confesses that he has no ‘‘They’re one of the greatest bunch of fellows I’ve ever worked With,” bad leg, appears to be the only ^ Stuart Held, hobbies except basketball, although the yearling mentor remarked following the practice. Black tbiftlies op- member erf the varsity definitely tfh it T»** fc his recent success in criminal de- ^ • p * Half the Ilkni distance men on the out of the game. Other members of P»tc«es teetion could pe interpreted as a Wniy roi* A, nair Riveter three and a quarter thd tbam who have sustained minor Tuesday afternoon tba team hobby^ This summer, Timperman Although the coaches have Hot been able to' get a good line on all mile course Saturday, Oct 4, and injuries are continuing to work out pl®y®d an mtrasquad game. Veter*
Hermfiii F. ]b)0tt^fc caught a in his fraternity reporting freshmen in the short week of practice, they* have a couple travel te Bloomington to face the and Will probably see action pitcher Walt Leifliieft Ipoked to known as **Pdte,” is'no"midget In house and only the qqick mterven- give the varsity a very busy two periods Cream and Crimson, Oct. 11 The Rhime backs continued them be in fine form with a lot Oft the fact, ho IS quite laige and his 205 tion of the local police saved the play. Johnson’s Illinois souad Pnntmg drills With several squad ball Sophomore Jack Wargo, brt>pound bulk is once again a welcome prowler from some bad handling by ^®’'y that they will not have to face the Boilermaker eleyen v x xt xi,p members showing real ability m ther of the famous Dick Wdrgoy
for more than a single half Present plans call for the final half of Sofiermaisers in tne „ . .
play to he between tiyo varsity elevens
addition to the Riveter grid forces.- the irate pursuer,
Pete IS a tackle by trade and al- Pete is a hiember of Kappa Sigthough injuries have riddled his ma, social fraternity, and was replaying days with temporary ah- cently pledged to the Gimlet Club
Possible Freshman Lirteiip
past three years, but have an im- sending long sommg punts down ® ® pressiVe record and a strorig bunch the field. Bob Quillett, a portside ^ * * of reserve power, fresh from a booter from Indianapolis Tech, is Plate, catehing the ball with one
- - , - - “ j,—Satuiday’s frosh lineup is still m the tentative state, but it might tough rhinie squad, to line Up ^'b® flesh’s answer to the left foot- ” ^, e running ® “P spee«L sences, he still holds a reputation He has his pm on Ruth Thelen, a well read something like this Ends, Anderson and Maloney, Tackles, against Phillips’ crew Phillips has kicking of Johnny Galvin of the ^
of being one of the best ir the Big local girl who graduated last yeai Matrewitz and Clymer, Guards^ Barwegan and Guthier, Center, Blair, yet to see his squad defeat Indiana, vursity.
Pete’s favorite among the recent Fullback, Winkler, Halfbacks, Close and Stram, and Quarterback, Co- and the Hoosiers, boastmg the West- Kickoff Dtffl ballads is “Yours” and Lana Tur- fall or Merisko ern Conference title m cross-eourt-
ner and Betty Grable are his current arousers on the screen.
Ten
Track Team
Timperman picked up the fundamentals of football in his high school days at New Albany, Indiana. He also*was a track man with the
Just to prove that it isn’t the size
Greatest man of the southwest of the dog but the size of the fight
dashes as his specialty Even today, last year with two years yet to go m the dog that counts little 155 lb Pete IS stjll fast for his size and was probably sophomore Jim Reyn- Ehmal Allen of Kentucky was All
Qualifying Scores In AII~CsmpusGolf Must Be In Sunday A bulletin from the Intramural departmfent states that tKe quUli-
the gridiron In the fust game of for 421, and had a 40 yard average year, 147 pound Morris of Syracuse fymg round in the all-campus golf
try, also have plenty Of drive
Veterans
can,keep up with the fastest on the
Riveter grid squad.
The big tackle came tp Purdue four years ago and immediately began to make a npme fqr himself on
olds of Oklahoma A & M, who earned the ball for the Aggies 200 times, totaling 686 yards, completed 31 passes for 687 yards over the gridiron, made 34 lunbaeks of punts
South-East Conference backfield man last year Besides wiry Allen there are over ten important under the 165 mark backs on major college and university squads this
his junior year, against Notre for 58 punts
being the lightest
toeae Says: I have said Parker Pens for 33 years, and have found them satisfactory. H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE
still clutching the ball.
Another sophomore, Harry Olds, plays a fine brand of ball over i»
Various Iilieman were tried out the hot comer He keeps up a fine for the important job of handling of chatter that rs renandittl «f last the kickoff assignment for the year's little Carl Fotenza. The
Probable mainstays of the squad freshman team The longest and squad needs more men like Harry
this year are Holderman, Keith Me- most consistent kickoffs came from and Carl to keep talking it up out Laughhn, who finished fifth m the the toe of Odd Anderson, an end there Nothing helps the team mo^ indoor two mile event last year, from Evanston Illinois Kickoff for- ale more than to have somebody patWoody Appleton, Don Kemp, Bob mations, both offensive and defen- ting out the old diatter fo put pep
Jarvis, Darrell Roach, and Norman sive, were demonstrated, and the m the boys. Marozick. deb. squad revealed plenty of speed in Young Back
making kickoff returns. Varsity letteraten Who are back Gene Matrewitz, freshman tackle, Catchers, Cortesse who has stood out m most of the Young, Infielders, McFerren,
If I ■ drills, was not in uniform for yes- BaWles, and Myers; and Outfielder
HaIi Ifl^fFIIFfinn terday's practice and is a doubtful
■ WII IllwIfrUUIUII starter in Saturday’s game Other The sophomore class is represmk-
- - ^ members of the squad are nursing Hipp, Olcfe, Burger, Cook, An-
of Anlffiflf Vlw hB f itniF their sharo of brmses but are ranng ^®TSon, Wargo, Shoemaker and
HI Hlllllilll fiHH VHIIIV to go and show their wares against Junes, rbb. ^ the varsity. ————
Women's Athletic Asspciation'is poggjj,ie Lmeup
There will probably not he any
the
IM Schedule
CutaMnteeti ^ FOR LIFE BY A PARKER'S BUIE DIAMOND i
tournament is to dose next Sunday, September 21, The weather iS ideal, and offers all those interested irt the tournament an excellent opportunity to play their first eighteen holes The first roUnd can be played any time between now and next Sunday, at the University golf
coui se.
The scores for the qualifying sponsoring free golf instruction by
round gives the officials a knowl- Patty Berg next Tuesday, Septem- , ,, »
edge of how to pair off the en- her 22 at 2 p m on the intramural ® meup aval a or Tiraradav s«>tA
trants, and from then on the tour- field At this golf clinic the various u” diamon6 nament IS to he played off m match golf stroiies will he demonstlated u^Jay, The varsrty lineup will pr^ - - -
fashion Last year over forty con- and Miss Beig Will show hoW and ^ ^
testants enteied the meet, but to when to use them ^ tackles, l^ssi and date, there has been only fifteen At four pm there Will be a mixed ^
foursome exhibition on the Umver- Luego, quarterteck,
sity golf course The members of
the foursome have not as yet been ® ^ announced The value of Saturday’s varsityOn June 20, 1932 Patty Berg freshman game lies in the fact that played her first game of golf and i* will be an excellent prep for the m August of the same year qual- Vanderbilt game on the following ified for the Minnesota State Cham- week-end
entrants The Intramural Department hopes for around sixty en-
trants
All students, except varsity golfers, and all faculty members are eligible to compete Al Munsen holds the best score at present with a forty for the first nine holes, and
They aU'cheer Parlcer^
a Third More Inic
than average of three welUknowii saC'-type pejis— due to revolutionary One-Hand Sacless Filter
The Pen with the smart Arrow Military Clipand the Oil-Smooth, Lubricated Point that won't wear * scratchy in a lifetime! No matter what pen you may happen to be shown first, don’t make the mistake of making a purchase until you hs^vp seen and tried the Parker Vacumatic—there is nothing else like it. This is largely due to the Parker Laboratories, staffed by able scientists in physical metallurgy, chemistry, engineeiupg No other pen-maker we know attempts the research and development that gp on daily here.
Today, in the world of science, it w known that Parker achievements mark the iharph in Pen prpgpesa. Known far and wide as THK JEWELS of PENIJOM, Parker Pens and matched Pen an4 Pencil Sets are the choice of SO million people. So remember, donlt buy until you try Parker. Parker’s Blue Diamond is a Life Guarantee Contract — makps pens so marked cost less than the poorest. The Parker Pen Co , New York, Chicago. San Francisco Factories at Janesville, Wisconsin and Toronto, Canada.
a forty four for the second nine, a pionsbip The same season xhe won The Boilermakers have a dual reatotal of eighty-four The higher the !foeezy Point Tournament with their healthy respect for scores lange well oter a hundred, an 89 Vanderbilt Most of last year’s varHaving played in 136 tourna- sity have returned to another seaChunky guard Jim Miller played ments in various parts of the coun- son of play for the Commodores 403 out of a possible 480 minutes try, JMiss Berg has broken records To this mEUst be added a host of on the gridiron for the Old Gold in many tournaments and champion- stars fro^m an undefeated freshman and Black last season ship contests team that defeated the pick of the — DUi^ing her eight years of tour- strong southern freshman teams
nament play Miss Berg has played Furthermore, the Boilermakers have in 60 tournaments, won 29 of them, fared none too Well in openers gone* to the semi finals 4 times, against well conditioned southern
been a medalist m 30 events, ami eleveftsv has been runner-up 14 timesw ift m.w. Sad Story
The last time that Purdue opened
*' ''' „■ against a southern eleven was on Varsity swimmers, and all others ^et 6 1934, when Rice Institute eligible for the varsity sw.mmmg uivaded R^s-Ade stadium By the team are asked to report to Coach time that the final gun had sounded [:q Papenguth at the pool m the Field- acclimated Owls had - < house at four o’clock, Monday, Sep- "P ^ 0 victory e 1 k
17
Delta Dpsiloa vs Ph» Kappa Phi Kappa Taa vs Theta Taa. Beta Theta Pi vs Theta Xi Tsian^e vs Alpha Sittma Ph*.
Tau Epsilon Phi vs Sigina Alpha
Epsilon
Sigma Pi vs Eansa Sigma
Pi Kappa Alpha vs Sigatg Pgf Lambda Chi Alpha vs Tau Kappa
Epsilon
Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Delta
Theta
Alpha Tau Omega vs Pi Kamia Phi Del^ Tap Delta Vs Phi Kappa Psi Alpha Chi Rho vs Ipigraa Alpha Mu. Sigma Nu vs Alpha Kappa Lambda Sigma Chi vs Phi Gamma Delta Kappa Delta Rho vs Phi Kappa
Sigma
Theta Chi vs Phi Sigma Kappa
Maximo, $10 Ma|ar (lllui) or Dabutanle, $B 73 JuAlMlM^Sub-Deb, $S WrlloAn* Pencil* malcb, $»jr9lo$S‘
OOP. IVM, THE PARKER PEN 00
♦ Poiker s Blue Diamond on the pen Is our life Contract vncpndlllonally Guaranteeing to service the pen to the life of the owner except for loss and I tenllonal damage subiect only to a 35)t charge for postage i sur ande, und handling, provided complete pen is returned for service
1— Parker's 14 K Gold Point IS uttesly difierent, finer textured and much less brittle than ordinary 1,4 K Gold 2— /i lUlppottwIlH oll-imooth Oimiridium, developed under the direBtloWof'Dlr Robert PJebus, chief FarkS^ metallurgist former instructor of metallurgy at Yale University 3— Psrll«itr*s OVie-Hsnd Secless fi/lBr—a ba^ic^iUy better
principle and the easiest of all to operate—makes room for about a third more ink than the average of three well known sac typepensiandsubstanttally more than, any one of them. 4— Parker's patented Television barrel lets you SEE when your pen needs refilling 5— Porker's smart laminated styling—streamlined Pearl and Jet RINGS—as shimmering as velvet—13 wholly exclusive
—r'lgiMW
CLBAN YOUR PEN AS IT WRITES BY USING PARKER CTOTNW, TH'B- pBN-CLBANtNO INK, 15f! AND 25jt ^ -inr.iyif Ilii, .Oh . iV . ,V d:
Get Your Parker Pen at UltlVERSITY BOOK STORE , Across from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 i R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Thursday, September 18 COURT 4 16 pm
1 Bob Lange vs Don Charlton.
2 Jim Baldwin vs Don Dial 3 Ike Daley vs G K Black D^e Eden, vs Ihiuis Gould F Turner vs Bob Schaff
R M Cunningham vs J Cohen.
E W Mees vs G Gifford Bill Kraybill vs G Falkenberg
Dave Rodgas vs R R Kraybill
D Robinson, vs H P Evans
J W Graybill vs W F Hutchins
W L Schalliol vs G N Ross
L C McCampbell vs J S Sells F D Martin vs J H Marsha)!
Kermlt Smith vs- Bob StatUiig
F M Branner vs Ed Arbegnat
Boh Greider vs A Cwsfts
B511- Fawcett vs J M Vemdife
Bill Clem vs Bob Martin
COURT 6 04 pan. 1 H Voth vs C J ChnstenseB. 2 O R" Pierce vs> L. E. Ratekford. SAC Garber vs Boh Hunt. 4 Geo Pavis vs G R Witsman 5 Art Huisken vs Art Williams 6 C Lynch vs K C Hetzger
7 Chas« Clark vs Wm Snow
Jim Mitchell vs Howard Kutsch
«
tember 22, for tryouts.
*PaAx!t I ’•“tm tfecM ahbad
•' Brevs are mad^^to gentle but firm support An elastic-core cotton insert at the crotch yields gently with evi^py body movement and always returns to its original shape. Neither wear nor washing destroys the lasting support of ^revs " tlie vndswset lor avetjhday wfor 55'
^£S ^ ApJe ITS INK eiVfiS INTO PAPER SO FAST IT DRIES AS ^Oll WPITF
JNVISlBtE NIB, ' YET A PEAt FOUNTAIN PEN -AS STREAMLINED AS A HIGH DIVER. S,
$1^ This Amazins H«w Insbumonl ^ Demonstrated I HAYWOOD’S
5th and Ferry- Sts. Lafayette, Ind.
“I’m getting ai» honorary Eteetor cS Jown&lkm deigreelilir my rtotabio and constructive criticism of th« « ^ow much did you give the school?”PUBDUE EXPONENT
Thuyg^jSei^temK^r IB. 1941"
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR
17
Sophomore Deye Call-Ouf Tuesday
V /. D, Hoffman
Civil Engineers Important initial meet rrcBllmcn Engineers Seating a^sign-
g of ASdE rhursday September 18 in ments for
room 201 of the UniOn at 1 dO i m Re froshments and speakei —TRUITT
. K . ME *40, is now employed by , the Wright Aeionautical Corpora- denruron‘ofUci”Th«sday''&ber®'ig‘
In 1 owlei Hall are posted neai tnn/*anl tntrarteo on the ground floor in Miclmel
' cl
Golden Shops
KNAPP
tion and is stationed at Marsh Field in California He is a member of
at 4 16 pm for important meeting mixer instruction —GOSSETT
Sophomores interested in foren- ^he testing ci;ew of the new aimy sa&'^^'ptombSto
1 30 p m Total cost will be 26 cents
—ARTMAN
Wednesday, Sept
Dear Editor*
It IS with some reluctance that I take it upon myself to register a
complaint concerning the athletic sic managing as an activity should , ’comber, working
administration here at Purdue, in to loom ^102 of the Union ® engines His father, the view of the hue and civ raised last ® ^ ^ late Prof J D Hoffman, formerly Alpha Ph. Omega All men going on View 01 toe one ana Ciy laisea last . Thoc/Tq-^t x xuit»4.i ovcmight hike call mo at 2648 for rcberva year when an attack through the -loesUay, toeptemoer ^6 headed the department of Practical tions any evening, aftci six Moot m Swed Exponent injured official feelings. meeting the semoi man- Mechanics, now the department of day ^°SLptombor''^20^ Wiii rctu^n_ Sunday wiih'dTamatics
Neveitheless, it seems necessaiy ageis, Maiy Lee, Janet Moiehouse, General Engineering,
that someone at least lequest an and Biuce Lawler, will explain
WAA Spcedballi All those interested in spccdball meet in Women s Gym at 4 P rt, lliuisday Sopt 18 Be dressed ready for play —GAIiBRAirn
Agriculturist Circulation Staff* Important meeting at 4 00 pm Thursday in
Agricultural office Have
leady Be there
subscriptions
piscts
morning Anyone who can provide trans poitation please eall Dick Adams at 6089
—SIGLIjR
Students Eligible for N Y A Inquire at Playshop business office Fowler Hall,
about available N Y A jobs ^n
—CARMICHAEL
Classified
Ads
explanation foi the conditions in respective activities and the
evidence concerning the low regaid , , .
foi a student’s position at ticket the sophomore woikers offices around the Umveisity Sophomoies who woik as managers
, , will receive keys, activity points,
Piobably other students have, as
I have, taken a tup over to the Puither details Ficldhouse in ordei to get leseived discussed at the meeting
seats foi then paients at the Van- aii o+m m+ioa i*®^* i®b duplex decitng slide rule 01 ganiza tions, liateimties, Eewaid Rctmn to Scoggan Phone 3301 deibilt game Piobably they, too, goioiities, lesidence halls, co-ops, < found that complications aiose pj^ heense Satmday morning Phone 8413
When they timidly intimated that repiesentative at the meeting,
they would enjoy sitting with their
Laboratory Theater All peisons inte^i*
ested in trying out for Laboiatory Theater Modern Dance Club Call it foi all mem- Sa\^uida'‘y * S^tembefTo i’n fte toef Room bers and girls interested in becoming mem- ^ SIDWELE bers at 4 pm Thursday September 18 in a* 1 p m
-LRBON
“My amateur chemistry set is m the other room, Veromcathat’s just Mom’s dressing table ”
In The Expo Of:
ONE YEAR AGO THIS
WEEK
The student body was alarmed because the hands weie lemoved fiom Heavilon Tower Clock Inves-
Initial ASME Meeting Tonight In Union Lounge
guests at the game, on the stiength of the $9 athletic fee fiom which they weie paited at legistration Veiy likely they weie infoimed that foi the sum of $2 50 they could sit in the leseived section with anyone they pleased, but otheiwise they would have to settle foi the general admission or student sections It seems probable that a good
poition of the crowd at the game 12 30 pm a week fi om Saturday will be guests 45 p m of students To me it is legrettable 1 OO pm
that University led tape should prevent them fiom sitting with those who invited them Anyone can understand that it IS a difficult job to get 6,000 passpoits out in a few
WBAA
Typewriters—Adding machines all makes sold lented repaiiod and purchased Mim eograph and multigraph work done
C J Eboishoff 606 Mam Phono 2779 Lafayette
Ameiican Society of Mechanical weeks, but not eveiyone—including
Engiheeis will hold its fust meet- the wiitei—can undeistand why the ing of the year at 7 30 this evening Umveisity cannot, for once, diop a in the West Faculty Lounge of the few of its niyiiads of forms and Union The puipose of the meeting fool pi oof business piactices and
tigation, however, showed that the acquaint students with the catei just a bit to the student Aftci works were just being cleaned Society and its activities, and is the all, the Umveisity does not stand Varsity football team defeated gj.gp jjj membeiship drive to lose any amount of money by the frosh outfit 35 0 in the annual mechanical engineeiing stu- issuing tickets even upon piesenta tilt jjents and fieshman engineeis aie tion of legistiation cards, if pioduc
The history of the Pui due mas- (^Qj'fjjally invited deg
cot, “Boileimaker Special” was
pic'ented in a special editorial — r*% * ONE DECADE AGO THIS rafiw Utamage
WEEK
The executive department was all * * * ^en Easy Lessons,” was is in a dither because they could not recently by the Agiicultuial locate the original deed in which Extension depaitment of the Uni John Purdue gave a tract of land ^he lessons by David H to the state for the use of the Uni Haiker of the Agiicultuial Engi veisity neeiing extension staff give infoi An editorial was lun in which ^^^lon about faim diainage plans yludents weie warned to observe Copies of the publication are free
the tradition of always weaiing a
coat on the campus It goes on to Dean Potter
say that sweaters and shirt sleeves
aie a disgraceful sight and “the of the Schools of Engineering bers in the dark rooms, and cards wearing of coats makes a much will be in Ft Wayne Thmsray night dmk 100ms will be issued All neatei and uniform appearing cam- to speak before the Eiiginecis Club students interested m photogiaphy pus” rwb on “The Engineei and Defense” uiged to attend bh
Thursday, September 18, 1941 Hour Feature 11 45 am WBAA Piesents 11 60 am Puidue News 12 00 M Social Secuiity 12 16 p m Meet the Band
Meet the Band
Markets
Just Relax Military Band Music
Music
Monitor Views the
News
A Stoiy a Day Tiensuic Chest Parent Foium Symphony Hall Off the Air
Notices
the Womens Gjm
PA System Owners Anyone ownint; n PA system Mish ni, to fimit lila for 12 PlAsponsoit! lea tlances mist do so by Fiiday Sei timber 9 to the PIA office
—BOHLKB
Exponent Sophomores New men arc as sitncd to nifchts as follows—Eckstein Mi n day Wednesday Kimbioll Monday Wed nebday Shev 11 Moi lay Fi day Stan Monday Thmsday W Ils Monday Wed nebday Glaspie Mi nilav Fiiday S im mors Tuesday Thuisday Kumlandtr Tucs day Thursday Allomang Tuesday Sat urday Glass Wednesd ly Sat rd v
—RUFI NER
Sigma Delta Chi MLcting Thursday aft ernoon Seplembei 18 at 1 1 i m in the Exponent office Good idea to be there
—TRAUGOTT
Riding Club Meeting Thins lay Septem her 18 at pm in room 301 of the Un ion Impoilant that eveiyone be there I
—GRAHAM
Lutheran Students There will he a social meeting of all the Lutheran students at the Holy Trinity English Lutheran Church 619 North Ninth St at 7 30 p m Sunday Sept 21 —ANTAL Sophomore Union Workers Meeting of all women at 4 16 pm Thursday Sept 18 in room 305 Please be there
—FELLOWS
Conditional Exams Examination for ro moval of C and I grades will be given Sat m lay September 20 14pm in Room 101 Civil Engineering Building Permits
may be obtained in Room 102
—LOMMEL
WAA Tennis call outs Friday Sept 23 at 1 P m on the women 3 tennis coui ts —STEIGERWALD
FAO Sophomore Workers The following lepoit foi woik Thursday Sept 18 Bird Holton Marshall Cubtib McTague Pattison Gentles Shroyer Swaits Ziegler Bitkel Green Kern •—PEARSON
1 15 p m 1 45 pm 2 00 p m
Lafayette Philatelic Group To Sponsor Annual Exhibit Lafayette Philatelic Society of-
tion cannot be speeded up on the feis the public an invitation to passports At any late, to almost then fifth annual exhibit to be held
any student, $2 50, to speak in common pailance, “just am t hay ” 11 p
Camera Club To Hold First Meeting Tonight
Chemistry 111 112 and 126 Leave schedule of classes in my mail box in the Chemistry Department office —ELVINCJ Social Chairmen Present your requests for dances to be held in the Union in writ mg to the Student Union Board before Fri lay Sept 19 State date time and ball-
room preference
—STAREK
Novice Pistol Group Student desiring to lilt m the first novice pistol gioup starting Sept 23 1941 may sign up in the supply room of the aimory now
—BROWN
Mathematics Condition Examination Ex amin ition to lemovt condition in math omitics will bo given in Recitation build 11 g on S ilurd y Septembei 20 at 1 p m All st iilents with imiemovt i C grade must take this exam since no other exim will bo given this somebter Students expecting to till e thib exam m ist obtain peimit at the department of mathematics before Septem her 18 —AYRES Dance Calendar All social chairmen must present requestb in writii g before Friday SeptemI er 19 for dances held in the Un on buildir g Please stale t me date n I name of sponsoring organization
—STAHLK
Military Code Classes I xlra curriculai
CO le in truct on will be con 1 eted 1 y the
lei a tmei t ag 1 n this year fi r
any male students interostc 1 Anninnco
in the Union Included in the ment of the sel edulo will be made the last
week in October —BURKHART
for an important but short meeting Room Sopt 18 at 7 30 pm Please be preseht Silver Mask Fust meeting Thursday
—TOWER
2 16 p m 2 30 p m 2 45 p m 3 00 pm 4 00 p m
S itiuday and Sunday Sept 20 and ^
Student Tutors in Mathematics Students who aic competent and who wish to d 11
toiing in mathimatics should leave their 302''m "the "union^
name and tol ihono numbcis at the math
depaitment oflice • AYRES Fraternity Affairs Office Call out soph _ T-, , . - omore workeib Tuesday Sept 16 Room A meeting of 354 Union at 4 16 p m —PFENNINGIR ASMr will begin at 7 30 p m Thi r cHy
September 18 in the west faculty lounge of the Union Plan to join them —WEIR Outing Club All stu knts me invited to mcLtinj, (f Pi r luc O t ng Club luo liy Scptcmlci 2^ Meet ii iiont f Armoiy at 6 pm to like to cabin I i i icnic iciir viti ns ciU Ted Imk 7( 2 1 i Marj ic Ward 4H11 befoit Monliy n gl t Sp tember 22 —WARD Gilder Club Oj on meeting Thins lay S I t ml 1 18 u the t v i om of 1 JJnion it oO I n All tl osc i ilcr 1 1 are inv ted l> attend Movies if tht lib in uetion vill be sh wi —C \1 F’ T Pratcri ily Presidents Interfi tein ly Pio 1 lents dinner me ting Thiiblu b i t ml ei 18 dV b p ni at tl Bol Th ta Pi house —MAYBIFLD Public Service Engineering Seniors Meet e Thu lay Sei t mbc 18 t 8 r m at L mbs Senioi puale tli c si n n n othei lilt —CIUMBLRS Exponent Sophomore Coeds W ik sch 1 lie IS po ted in c ff c I lease eheck an 1 1 poit on days s u el —ROSE
First meeting of the Gamma Club g,ven ovei station WBAA at 3 will be held in Room 355 of the p,,, Satmday, Septembm 20 jbw
Union tonight at 7 30 o’clock, Geoige Towle, president of the club
announced
Equipment will be shown to mem
piogiam is a banquet to be held
Saturday evening -a ♦ y. ” Union Building Permanent Assignments JJllling the exhibit, theie will be Organization® wishing perm ment rooms in
11 X tho Momorial Union bidding will submit
nipetltlVe judging of collections, written petitions to the student Union blue ribbons and cmtificatcs beina Tniay Soptomhei 19 Pie so , - ^ st te size of oiganiziaton nd r a ns f i awaiclCu as piizos A bioadcast will requesting a permanent loom —STAREK
Ceres Meet r g in r om 305 of the Union
pm Thursday September 18
—CHESTER
We handle a complete line of photographic supplies and cameias try our expert photo finishing Phone 2343 105 Northwestern, WL
Southworth’s
WHAT
ADVERTIRING 18
—^what it has done —what it can do now The following statements on Advertising, which originally appealed in Printeis’ Ink and then in The Linotype News, lecently were emphasized in a handsome broadside printed and distributed by William E Rudge’s Sons, Ino, of New Yoik City. The statements are applicable to so many businesses and industries the The Purdue Exponent is glad to present them here, with the thought that many of our readeis may he able to realize the tiue meaning and henefila of Advcitising
6
Advertising makes possilde better merchandise at lowci puces, thus serving the consumer and thioiigh service to the consumci dealing greater demands for adveilised pioducts.
Advertising is the quickest and most economical aid in the introduction of new pioducls added to an established line and in, the introduction of improved products.
Advertising creates greater stability of production and employment by helping level peaks and valleys of seasonal demand.
Adveitising, by placing the manufacturer piomincntly heioie the public, encouiages better styling, improved products, hettei packaging and other evidences of an alert and aggiessive production and merchandising policy.
Adveitising altiacts to the adveitisei the Jietlei type of employee.
8
Advertising piotects the adveiliser against piiee competition of iinadveitisea brands.
9
4
Advertising is a most potent foice in building better public relations.
Adveitising helps assure the adveiliser of getting the first opportunity to accept oi reject paients, suggestions and other ideas for improvements in pioduet or policy.
Advertising contrihules to bcltci and more ffficient sales management by altiacling the best type of salesman, ]>y giving the salbsmah a better pioposilion to sell, bv helping the salesman conserve his time, because it has created wider and more intensive distiibulion, and by opening the huyds’ doois that might otheiwise Jie closed.
10
Adveitising is cxcellenj; insiuanee foi the tiade-maik against infiingeis.
You’ll Say, After Listening to Concerto in B Flat Minor by Freddy Martin
COME IN AND LISTEN TO YOU AND I—Dinah Shore