r - ,■ ^ I y r *, S'
mingling
^ '^ ^' f ifV?’ '^
m
5 (
) f
f
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Cloudy today; possibility of light snow with no change in temperature.
Piirdue Exponent
THURSDAY January 12,1930 Lafayeite, IniRona
Vol. 50
No. 90
Z-186
Clarence Dyer Wins Grand Prize For Second Year
Reinecke Will Tell How G-Men Provide Truth For 'Crime Doesn't Pay' Adage Thirteen and one-half years of widespread experience in the field of crime detection and investigation will provide the background for the address by Special Agent Harold S. Reinecke, Federal Bureau of Investigation, in the main lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Buijding at 4 p. m. today.
BcCaUSe the Solutiotl of major crimes daily demands a more scientific approach and greater technical facility in analysis, classification, and identification, Reinecke’s talk should be of special interest to Purdue’s technically-minded students. Reinecke, who is in charge of the Indiana division of the FBI, stated that he is not coming to Purdue to offer employm^ent in his organization. However, his talk will undoubtedly cover the various avenues of approach to positions in the FBI laboratories, and should therefore be of interest to graduating seniors.
Seniors May Apply To Fashion School For Scholarships Senior home economics students who are interested in a scholarship to the Tobe-Coburn School of Fashion Careers may fill out registration blanks, obtainable at the Placement Service for Women, and send
them in by January 31.
The school is offering five scholarships to senior women—^no school to receive more than one. The scholarship, first announced here by Miss Julia Coburn when she visited the campus December 9, will cover the full year’s tuition of $700 for the year September, 1939 to June, 1940, at the school located in Rockefeller Center, New York City.
To Send Questionnaire
On February 1 each registrant will be mailed a set of qualifying questions due back in New York by March 1. On the basis of aptitude shown in these questions some of the girls will be asked to carry out a fashion research project on subjects suggested by the school. A report on this work of 2,000 words or less must be received by
the school by April 10.
The school specializes in preparing its students for executive positions in fashion business, buying, styling, merchandising, and advertising in department stores, and in fashion writing, editing, advertising and promotion with magazines, Stratton Will Offer Study Advice At WRH Tips on cramming for exams will be given to co-eds living in the women’s residence halls when Dean of Women Dorothy Stratton speaks on “How to Study for Finate” to-
night at 7 o’clock.
AlthO'Ugh the meeting is designed especially for freshmen, WRH Director Helen Schleman suggests that all hall residents attend.
Committee Will Choose 50 Pictures For Travel Exhibit Fifty of the best photographs submitted before 5 p. m., January 26, will compose a traveling exhibit that will be shown at eight universities. Prints should be turned in at the Student Union office. No classification is made for the pictures to be judged. Still life, portraits, landscapes, and any other photos are acceptable. Prints from previous exhibits may be re-sub-mitted. H Route of the prints includes several schools from Rhode Island to Texas. Minnesota, Nebraska, Texas, University of Rochester, Brown U. of Pennsylvania, Michigan State, and Kansas will show the prints befoi’e their return. The pictures will be returned here for display during the week of President Elliott’s return. SAE Will Exhibit Movies On Operation of Diesels Society of Automotive Engineers will show motion pictures on the development and principles of operation of the diesel engine this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 3 of the Mechanical Engineering Build-^ ing. This picture will be of educational value to any engineer interested in the operation of internal combustion engines.
Dr. Charles W. Gilkey Will Speak For Religious Convo Sunday In Fowler Hall Dr. Charles W. Gilkey, universal college religious lecturer for 35 years, will speak at the regular University religious convocation for worship Sunday at 10:30 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. Gilkey, dean of the University of Chicago chapel, will speak on “Bridges Into a Better World.” Dean Gilkey has served as University preacher at most of men’s and women’s colleges in the east, and has also given lectures at nearly all of the state universities in the central west. His lectures at Vanderbilt University have been published as “Present Day Dilem-
mas In Religion.”
Spoke Here Last Year * Gaining popularity on this campus jwit^eael^ppearance, Gilkey t delivered the Baccalaureate address to the class of 1936 and also addressed the Convo for Worship ^ group last year. He is a noted author and has had many of his works published by leading magazines.
♦ Besides lecturing in the United States, Gilkey gave a course of six lectures in Bombay, Lucknow, Cal1 cutta, Rangoon, and Madras to far eastern university men. Harvard was Dean Gilkey’s school for his
Dr. Charles Gilkey
R. B. Stewart To Lecture On Finance
Dr. Van Pelt Warns Against Specialized Technical Training “Extreme technical specialization is bad for the individual and for the country,” stated Dr. J. R. Van Pelt in the AIME meeting last night in Union. “Engineers of all types aie too interdependent to allow too great specialization. J. R. Van Pelt, assistant director of the museum of Science and Industry in Chicago, gave the principal talk along with A. C. Carlton, chairman of the Chicago section of the AIME. Dr. Pelt explained how the medical profession 40 years ago turned out men with shingles, inadequately trained and poor citizens. He prophesied that this situation might become prevalent in the engineering profession. Dr. Pelt prophesied that within 20 years today’s graduating engineers would have to compete with an engineer more liberally educated. WFBM To Broadcast Interviews Today WFBM, Indianapolis broadcasting station, made two transcriptions of general interviews on the agricultural conference yesterday afternoon in the lobby of Union. Tommy Johnson conducted the programs. The transcriptions will be broadcast today and tomorrow at noon as a part of a regular series of broadcasts directed by Henry Wood, manager of agricultural programs at WFBM. Among those interviewed were: Lieutenant Governor Schi’icker; Cantwell, member of the state board of agriculture; Senator White; and Templeton, the head of the state fair association.
R. B. Stewart, University controller, speaking on “Students and Organization Finance,” will deliver the third in a series of leadership talks, conducted by the Activities Bureau. The program is for those interested in activities and will be given in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall at 7:15 this evening. Dealing primarily with the financial management of students social and activity organizations, the controller’s plan is to present the University financial report requii-ement and show how these may be most effectively applied. Budgeting, both for the organization and the individual, will be one of his main topics, with direct comparison to his own problems as University controller. Earned College Expenses Personal experience has broadened Stewart’s views toward finance. Earning his own way since he was 15 years old, R. B. financed his way through Wisconsin, finishing his four years as an honor student, besides participating in student activities. “Assume risk in propoition to your ability to pay,” was one of Stewart’s pet sayings when interviewed last evening on the coming lecture. Phillips' Text Widely Used Over 150 colleges and universities throughout the entire United States are using the text “American Government and its Problems” by Prof. Robert Phillips, of the history and economics department. This is the text that is now being used by Professor Phillips in his Government 9 and 10 courses.
Pianist
Bob Curry Wins 4-H Club Corn Award; Russell Hardin, L. A. Dicks Take Prizes Clarence Dyer, yesterday became the third man in the history of the Indiana Com Show to win the grand sweepstakes award for the second consecutive year, duplicating the feat of Marshall Vogler, of Hope, who won in 1923 and 1924, and Flpyd Hiner, of Lewisville, who won in 1936 and 1937. Harry Patterson, Tipton, showing a sample of Reid’s Yellow Dent, the same variety of corn as the sample that won top honors, was awarded the reserve sweepstakes ribbon. Robert Curry, exhibiting a 10-ear sample of Curry’s Yellow Dent, was awarded the sweepstakes honor in the Indiana 4-H Club show yesterday, followed by Russell Hardin, of Knightstown, who was given the reserve sweepstakes ribbon. Bob Curry is a son of William H. Curry, world corn king,, who showed the grand champion sample of corn at the International Livestock Hay and Grain Show in December for the third consecu-
tive year.
Freshman Senate Petitions Will Be Available Friday Petitions for freshman positions on the Student Senate will be available tomorrow from 4 to 5:30 in the Senate offices, in Union room A. The number of signers has not yet been decided upon or has the length of time allowed to acquire the signatures. These requirements will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent. The cost of procuring a petition will be one dollar. As is customary, there will be six members elected from the shool of engineering and one each from the schools of agriculture, science, home economics, pharmacy, and physical
education.
All candidates must have a scholastic index of at least 3.5 in order to be eligible. Those elected in this election will hold office for next semester only and will be eligible for re-election next fall. The election takes place at registration.
Single ear prizes went to L. A. Dicks, of Putnam County, and reserve to Carl L. Shields, of Grant county, in the open show. Allan Isle, of Shelby County, won single ear honors in the 4-H Show.
McKelvie Talks
Sam R. McKelvie, former Nebraska governor, Woodlake, Neb., farmer, livestock feeder and editor, delivered the principal addi’ess at the Indiana Livestock Breeders’ Association Dinner last night in the Union ballroom. Levi P. Moore, Rochester, president of the association, presided. Lieutenant Governor Henry F. Schricker, commissioner of agriculture in Indiana, delivered a few remarks before presentation of various trophy winners and the Kings of the Show. A. P. Stewart led the Pui*due Men's Glee Club, 1938 Chicagoland Music Festival winners, in a few selected numbers. After dinner, riusic was furnished by Neil Carsr a, member of the military band, accompanied by David Allen, and Miss Jo Friend, vocalist, accompanied by Sam Hamilton. The banquet chairman was J. T. Frost, of the animal husbandry department. (Continued on page 4)
University Symphonic Band To Perform Before State Agricultural Conference Under the direction of Professor P. S. Emrick, the University Symphonic Band will make its initial public appearance tonight at 8 o’clock in the Memorial Gymnasium. Those attending the Agricultural Conference will have this opportunity to hear the band because of the enthusiastic reception which marked the program last year before the Indiana State Agricultural Association.
Henriy Purmort Eames, pianist and lecturer, will be presented in Fowler Hall at 4 p. m. Sunday, in a piano-lecture-recital form. He will give “Wagner: The Man and His Music.” Eames, pupil of Paderewski, holds a distinguished position in American music.
Pi Kappa Phi... . . . social fraternity, held their semester fiateinity officer’s election last Monday. Officers elected for the coming semester are: archon, H. E. Bui'khardt; secretary, H. W. Nevin; treasurer, W. Catterall; historian, R. Edwards; warden, R. Peterson; bookkeepei-, R. Anderson; steward, W. Vernon; and chaplain, E. Bruington.
The 90-piece band will present a full hour concei-t of popular classical music and other famous compositions. Opening' the concert will be Rossini’s Overture to the opera Barber of Seville, followed by Hungai'ian Dance No. 6, one of Brahm’s popular numbers. Of special interest to high school students will be the Suite to Atlantis by Sarranek, which is a national contest number. Johann Strauss’ waltz. Die Fledermaus, is to conclude the program. The concert is open to the public, and everyone interested is invited
to attend.
Pro-Communist Agitation Felt In Middle
..I .. r • r X I II • Bureau Emphasizes Atlantic, cast Central Universities Fresh Interviews
A. B. degree in 1903, where he also received an A. M. degree in philosophy in 1904.
By Joe Belden, Editor (Student Opinion Surveys America) Austin, Tex., Jan. 11.—Communist, socialist, and fascist propaganda among college students is being felt mainly in the East Central and Middle Atlantic states. This is being shown by a nation-wide poll taken by the Student Opinion Surveys of America just as the Dies committee ended its investigation of un-American activities and is making preparations for another. The committee questioned professors of a New Yox'k college and other witnesses when it directed its search for propaganda to the college and university ranks of the nation. What these people have seen and heard went into the rec-
ord—but what about the views of the students themselves who are now supposedly being besieged with a multitutde of “isms?” One Out of Ten The Student Opinion Surveys of America for the first time point out wjiat the collegians have to say in all sections of the country. Although when the results are taken nationally one student in every ten says there has been some attempt to influence him, the poll reveals that student bodies in the West and the South are very seldom approached with such propaganda. A staff of interviewers have asked this question to a carefully selected cross-section of students of all descriptions: “Has any attempt been
made on your campus to influence you with communism, socialism, or fascism?” By geographical sections they have answered:
Yes
No
New England ...
8.2%
91.8%
Middle Atlantic
19.5%
80.5%
East Central
12.2%
80.6%
West Central.
4.2%
95.8%
Southern . .. ,
. 5.2%
94.8%
Par Western .
. 5.8%
94.2%
Varies With Locality In the West Central, Southern, and Far Western states, it is noted influence was almost negligible. But when all the results are pooled for the entire coimtry, the sections with much higher percentages raise the (Continued on page 4)
Freshmen are not coming in for their interviews as readily as they should, complain Activities Bureau workers, conductors of the freshman activities interviews. Authorities agree that extra-cur-ricular activities play an important part in the development of a well-rounded educational program. Freshman interviews here at Pardue are being carried on with the idea of helping freshmen make an intelligent selection of activities in which they are most interested. In the notice section of todi^’s Exponent is printed a list of the freshmen who have not yet been interviewed, Persons whose names appear in this list should take advantage of this service offered by the Activities Bureau.
. - j';^dihfuoL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J'SCdtUMA.
Thursday, January 12,1939
With Finals Nearing... . . . and a semester about to terminate, students participating in activities would do well to review the provisions of University eligibility rulings established by the faculty last May. As a result of recommendations made last year by the student-faculty Committee on Coordination of Extracurricular Activities this ruling, which requires a 3.5 scholastic index, w as approved by the Executive Committee This year the committee has been busy working out a practical plan for applying the ruling. Interpretation of the ruling has presented many problems, and it has been impossible to make a blanket rule fit all conditions. The committee has, however, formed a set of interpretive “by-laws” to use in applying the 3.5 rule. Computation Of Index The original ruling stated that “a student must have a 3.5 scholastic average for the preceding semesters in order to be eligible for a managerial, elective, or appointive office.” The committee has set up several rules relatn e to that one with which, subject to approval by the faculty, will be applied. The scholastic average will be computed according to the standard University formula. All grades, including C’s, D’s, and F’s will be included in the calculation. Summer school grades will count. An eligibility list will be compiled in the fall and spring. After publication of this list removals of conditions will have no effect on eligibility until the next list comes out. The 8.5 requirement will have to be met by students who wish to participate in Debate, Concert Choir, Glee Clubs, or the University Orchestra. WBAA announcers, program directors, and technical directors will need a 3.5 index. The situation will be a little different for dramatic and musical productions. The grade requirement will apply to officers, cast members, and committee heads of Playshop, AllCampus Dramatic Productions, and All-Cam-pus Musical Productions. The term All-Cam-pus will be defined to apply to all productions open for participation by any student in the University. In order that the ruling may not be retroactive, students who are juniors this year, and who were elected last year to junior activity positions will not be required to have a 3.5 index to be eligible for senior positions next year. After this spring, however, the 3.5 ruling will apply to all classes alike. The interpretations outlined above are not yet strictly official. They now represent only the decision of the Extracurricular Activities Committee. Before they can be taken as official University ruling they must pass the
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3 50
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF
Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor _ D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G W Frederick, K. C Houston, R E , Insley, W. A Kroeplin, D G Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF ' Assistant Business Manager Local Advertising Manager
Circulation Manager
Sales Manager
National Advertising Manager Accounts Manager
Art Director
Editor
Associate Editors
Editor Associate Editors
M, C. Reeves
E M Antonini
W. F. Berg V Daugherty
- H. W. Nevin
W. E Smith
D J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF — Sally McKee
Joy Johnson,
Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
- , R. L. McDonald
J. A Hebbeler,
R Jenkins, R. J Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind
Phone 2792
REPRBSENTEO FOR NATIONAL. ADVERTIStNa BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshers Representattve AZO Madison Ave. New York N. Y. ChIcaso BosTon Los Aesilis - SAE Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University, All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University vievrpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Houston Issue EditorThursday, January 12, 1939
Massey
Executive Committee and the general faculty. The Exponent will publish details of any changes which may later be made in these rules. Present Status For sophomores and freshmen, at least, they are now in effect. Those underclassmen who hope to obtain elective, managerial, or appointive positions or who expect to participate in the other above-named activities must keep their average above 3.5. For many of them this semester’s grades will be important. For this reason we have published the rules before they have become official ... in the hope that underclassmen will realize the necessity for making good grades this semester
Lab Theater To Use Student Writing “The Lighthou'^e Keepeis,” and “J Smith and Wife” will be the fiist two pi eductions of the newly oig-anized Laboiatoiy Theatei, that w'as foimed fioni the old Towei Theatei The plays w ill be pi oduced Febiuaiy 28, and aie both original skits by Paul Cloquemin and Chailes Tazewell The theatei will be diiected by Gilbeit D Williams, associate dilectoi of Playshop Admission to the plays is by invitation only Dining the yeai oiigmal plays by students will be used for production. Southw'oith Sciipt Awaid wull be piesented to the wiitei of the sciipt adjudged the best duiing the yeax
LUMA TODAY-FRIDAY SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
- Plus
Thrill-Packed Story of Love
and High Adventure!
A
with — CLIFF EDWARDS
mttr THt SCnEWBALL AND-CHAIN GANGi ...in and out so often the warden wonts revolving doors for the prison gate!
PRESTON FOSTER TONY MARTIN PHYLLIS BROOKS Slim SUMMERVILLE ARTHURTREACHER Alan Dinehart • Eddie Collins Jane Darwell • Sidney Toler BILL ROBINSON
2 DAYS ONLY TODAY - FRI
mm
HELD OVER! Thru Saturday By Popular Demand
Everybody’s cheering the mightiest musical since “The Great Ziegfey!” A Big Parade of love, laugh-^ ter, spectacle, music.. without eqiual! IN MAGNIFICENT TECHNI> COLOR!
VICTOR HERBERT Love Songs* “Pretty As A Picture** “Sweethearts* —many morel
A
ih FRANK MORGAN RAY BOLGER FLORENCE RICE MISCHA AUER HFRMAN BINO
LdRneru
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT. CN b 11 i d V. r.E ftr.LX YlJMtN WITH ICY HEARTS' V/ILLIAM HALL I NEW UN VEPEAL PICTURE JANE WYMAN
— and — BOB STEELE — in — 'LIGHTNING CRANDALL' — ALSO —
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
f BOGART kGEORGE BRENT 'GLORIA DICKSON JENKINS
THESE FACTS ARE TRUE' THEY RE TAKEN FROM tlie COURT RECORDS of tlx GREATEST CITY tho WORLD" I'Soe this great screen docuinent aed join the Army ot..
Plus First Run Hit!
Thrills of the Circu«*
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lidiiy
BURKHARDT, Pi Kappa Phi’s new piexy, is botheiing Winter’s co-ed sophomore Debris staff these days. If he doesn’t stay away Winter IS going to i-eveal the name of this bit of chaim
Things are definitely on the up and up around the HE cafeteria these days—Doris Deckart, the brunette beauty has a diamond. She picked it out herself ostensibly for Martha Wood. Harry Hawley and Cliff Hardin pulled a fast ’un on the girls.
Returned to the Exponent office after the vacation a letter mailed to Detroit, Mich, 10:30 a. m. Novembei 5 As yet unclaimed, Mr. Witwei may call for same (unopened) in the Union office It left Detroit Decembei 12 Whereabouts since unknown
The Triangle brothers say this doesn’t tell half the story of Lila and the inspection trip.
Theie’s one little thing that we omitted to say yesterday concerning STUCKEY’S window shopping at the village jewehy stores. She doesn’t feel that way about the entire matter, so STUCK steins his days away tiying to drown his sorlOWS
It seems that right around final time everyone takes up that good oT Sweet Shoppe course. We noticed WINNIE GREGORY and GINNY HULSE being well taken care of yesterday in the four-to-five lab. We also saw the Chi O’s well represented with PARKER WYNN, DOTTY MILLER, and KAY O’-
i-a
Copr 1939 by United Featnre Syndicate, Ine.
‘Pshaw—I knew it! He would want the one in the middle!”
LEARY.-"^The Kappa’s with JANE HALTOM and VIVIAN PETERSON. / Naturally the boys weie theie, you know the usual ones, JERRY CIRALr JACK WATSON, DON SAMUELSON The whole trouble with these guys is that they aie always there
We understand that BOB DECKARD was taken down a couple of notches yesterday when DOC PHILLIPS asked hiip how he would like the old custom of the women doing all of the work. The Doc. seemed
to think that CAROLYN Would she, BOB?
would.
The Debris are going to have something novel at registration. They are going to have the largest collection of campus snapshots ever shown on this campus. Be there, maybe they caught you in a precarious position — or somethin’.
The Foresters are going to have their annual ball this week-end and those back-woodkmen are going to have to put on shoes and bring out those city clothes. Well, you have to let them have their fun at least once a year.
Give us a ring— we’re all at sea! N ow you can telephone to scores of yachts, tugboats and fishing vessels, from any Bell telephone. These boats are as easy to reach at sea as your friends’ homes ashore. Many are equipped with Western Electric marine radio telephone, sea-going brother of your Bell telephone, and service is provided through radio telephone stations on land. This new service is a great convenience to yachtsmen a valuable business aid to operators of commercial craft. One more step toward enabling you ^o talkWith anyone, anywhere, any time!
W rWhy ngftelephone home oftener? ,v I' mnsF nFiinfi: nr(»' o\A/e5t'Onv tim’W'f' ‘ i--'-'
BELL TELEPHONE SYSTEM7 t
Thursday, Jonudry 12,1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Conference Officials Say Cameras Fail To Catch Complete Gridiron Action Each Play By Robert J. Deckard Taking cognizance of disputed decisions which cropped up during the ’38 football season, Western Conference officials went into a huddle in Chicago recently to ascertain whether the camera was crossing them up consistently, as claimed by fans, coaches, and players. Their discoveries pointed out that mi
the “flicker” falls short of catching everything that happens on the field and that the camera does and. will continue to show errors. They concluded that reliance must rem,ain with the men who scamper up and down the field and do their dives into pile-ups hoping honestly to find out who has the ball and where. Pictures Developed ' As a result of time studies of pictures, made by Armour Tech’s Dean Henry P. Dutton, Big Ten officials have decided there is one way of escaping most disputes on decisions —but they aren’t recommending its adoption.
The whistle-tooters suggest that pictures be taken of every play, time called when a decision is disputed and the game be held up until the photo is developed to see just whether the officials were right or wrong. ' Equipping cameras with sound officials believe, will eliminate a great many complaints that the authorities, witnessing fouls, have refused to call. John J. Schommer, veteran official, pointed out that the conference arbiters do not call ordinary violations after the whistle has blown and the ball is dead.
Ask For Graves Bread Bigger, better, more delicious, and more wholesome.— that's our bread. All our products fit that description. Graves quality Bakery
124 Slate, W. L.
Phone 3852
Qjtiu CL .^cudL - - • that men and women grow old more quickly when they cease to take part in physical activities. • At the Union Bowling Alleys you can learn and develop skill in a sport in which you can participate after finishing school. • Free instruction to teach you the sport or improve your present game. DOWN THE EAST STAIRS TO THE BASEMENT IN JhSL fijindusL Wmufimi TifUDfL s The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Lambert Sends Charges Through Stiff Drill In Preparation For Iowa, Indiana
By Bruce Witwer Purdue is fortunate in having facilities for practically any sport in which anyone would want to participate .. the advent of the new Fieldhouse opened up new fields until now there ?ire about a dozen sports to absorb the athletically minded students. fc-r-The sight of the beautiful basement for the new Music Hall lying around forgotten by the multitudes brought briny tears to our eyes to see such a work on Civil Engineering genius going to waste all this time . . . pondering on the problem brought forth two possible solutions to the problem. We could start up a rowing team here at Purdue to have some meets with Wisconsin . . . flood the Music Hall basement and we would have a, wonderful place to practice right in the center of things . . . that’s the only sport that we don’t have here at the present time so that it would complete our athletic program. —^fc— Then again, the mechanicals could be given some practical work in installing freezing coils therein to make an ice skating rink for the development of a hockey squad . . . that would more than round out our program . . . however, with the weather as mild as it has been lately, it might be better to strain the sand out of the gravel being taken from the Union Building excavations, have a sand beach, and make swimming resort out of it . . . the atmosphere of such a development l)robably would remind the swimming team of Florida and would no doubt help them to turn in an undefeated season this year.
Hoosiers Battle Badgers, Riveters Over Week-end By Joe Dolan Indiana’s basketball team, after a somewhat discouraging start against Ohio State and Illinois, who made the Indiana team work until the last minute for a victory, will battle the Badgers of Wisconsin at Bloomington this week-end and the Boilermakers Monday. Coach Branch McCracken, former all-conference star and all-Am-erican, has a comeback team, because the Hoosiers were trailing the mini 13-9 at the intermission, but a big barrage directed by Bloomington team’s captain, Ernie Andres, who holds the conference individual scoring record with 30 points in a single fracas, swept the Suckers off their feet for almost the entire last period. The other Hoosier highlights. Bill Menke, Herm Schaefer, and Tom Motter proved in the pre-conference games of the Indiana club that the three have scoring punches and although they haven’t burned the nets in the Cream and Crimson’s two Big Ten games so far, the lads may reach a high against some of the conference’s best teams.
More than 500,000 copies of a specially prepared edition of the Gospel of John have been distributed to U. S. college and university students by Wheaton College’s Scripture Distribution Society.
ADVANCED TAP STUDENTS • Enroll in Our New ADVANCED TAP CLASS TONIGHT, 6:00 P. M. Jane Allen of Hollywood Will Deiqqnsirate. CHILDREN’S CLASSES SATURDAY, JANUARY 14 PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Review Your Budget! Did you include Linen Supply Service in .your 1939 budget? If you have ever used this service you have learned you cannot do without it. WHY BUY —WE SUPPLY ON A RENTAL BASIS
Harry Zink
. . . senior Boilermaker forward, who has recovered from a recent minor illness and has substituted ably for forwards Igney and Fishef since the Western Conference games moved into action.
Boxers Point For Golden Gloves Bout “The boys who have been Working out look good, and gre going to be tough to beat this year,” Punchy Maxwell, Boilermaker boxing coach said yesterday during the regular boxing practice. According to Maxwell, several members of the squad are neglecting their workouts. “We can’t beat anybody with only half a team,” he commented. The Riveters will begin competition February in the annual Golden Gloves boxing tournament in Lafayette. Fifteen men will compose the roster of the Boilermaker team. Last year the team won four out of eight championships in the Lafayette sectional. The non-Univer-sity entrants are expected to be much stronger. Maxwell said, and the Riveter^ will be hard pushed to retain their respective crowns.
Zink’s Play, Bill Weber’s Return Will Bolster Team By Joe Dolan In that rendezvous of Big Ten champions, the Purdue Fieldhouse, Coach Ward Lambert yesterday afternoon sent his Gold and BUck hardwood charges through one of the most intensive scrimmage sessions indulged in this season by Purdue’s cagers, and if the get together of yesterday afternoon is a harbinger of the coming Iowa fracas the Hawks are in for a devastating plastering. With the heretofore ailing Anderson back in playing condition, a five composed of Igney, Dickinson, Fisher, Captain Gene Anderson, and Beretta bested the best efforts of a stubborn Boilermaker reserve crew with apparent ease. Absolutely and obviously convincing is the manner in which the improving Harry Zink has snapped out of his recent case of grippe. The Monticello lad was used with Igney and Fisher in yesterday’s drills at forward, and contributed digit after digit in his under-the-hoop drives. Weber Improves Another improvement that is not a mirage is the play of big Bill Weber, sophomore back guard. Weber has been suffering from an injured ankle bone since the early part of the season, but since his initial appearance in the Illinois State Teachers’ game he has improved steadily. Preceding the session. Coach Lambert reminded his troupe of the difficulties and problems of keeping in shape for the conference race that never falls into a state of lethargy. What information that is known about the Hawkeyes, who managed to stay within seven counters of the powerful Gophers Monday night, was given the Boilermakers, and then the Gold and Blacks went through a short defense drill in preparation for Stephens and company.
High School^ College Football Mentors To Meet Here For Two-Day Clinic March 31 The University’s eighth annual football clinic will be held here Friday and Saturday, March 31-April 1, when close to 500 high school and college coaches from Indiana and neighboring states are expected for a comprehensive, practical two-day program of addresses, demonstrations, and I'ound table discussions, it was announced yesterday by Noble E.
Kizer, athletic director.
Under the direction of Mai El- ~ ward, head football coach, the whole program is being planned to present practical gridiron information that will be of immediate value to the visiting coaches and at the same time allow ample opportimity for round table discussion and individualized instruction on particular
problems.
The clinic stalf will include all of the members of the Boilermaker varsity and freshman varsity staff who will cooperate with other outstanding college and high school mentors in conducting the two-day program of addresses and demon-
strations.
Riveters to “Model” Arrangements have been made so that members of the Boilei'maker varsity squad, which will be in the midst of spring drill, will serve as “models” for practical field demonstrations, as well as staging a demonstration game on Saturday afternoon, April 1. One of the highlights of the weekend will be the annual coaches’ banquet Friday night, Mai'ch 31, which will be followed by round-table discussions for both coaches and offi-
cials.
The Purdue clinic, which was in^ augurated by Director Kizer in i932 has grown in popularity from year to year until today it is unofficially recognized as the annual spnng meeting of mid-western mentors.
QUALITY Cleaning At a price you can afford
to pay.
‘The Cash and Carry Way’ Suits—Plain Coats
Plain Dresses Silk or Wool
59
C
CASH AND CARRY Our Finest Cleaning
LONG’S CLEANERS
West Lafayette Office
134 East State St. Lafayette Office
Cor. 9th & Main Sts.
Chinese students at Columbia University spend only 50 cents day for food.F S
I
^taooL OdL.
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
n^niiroA.
Thursday, January 12,1939
The University of Wisconsin will soon begin construction of a new cancer research building, to make the university one of the leading cancer research centers in the U. S.
JOHNSTON SHOE
^ '¥"1 - - - -i i '
SKATES
1 yiir
$3.49 to $8.45
[f 'ip
and Skis
i f’*’
J. SPERB
1 ^
822 Main
Clarence Dyer... -{Continued from pa^e 1)
Melody Mill Music styled by Tiny Hill will be featm-ed in the ballroom at the Foresters’ Ball tomorrow night. Outdoorish decorations in the form of trees and shi’ubs are to be used as decorations. Co-eds will wear long, informal dresses, while their escorts will appear quite proper in regular business suits. Hill’s band has been featured at the popular Melody Mill ballroom in Chicago for a number of months and has been broadcasting regularly over a nation-wide hook-up every night. This promises to be quite an unusual social affair! —H-H— We must tell you about our new chum, Ferdinand the Bull. Ferdinand joined our family on the 25th of December, and we are going to do big things this year. We know it—it says so in our New Year’s Resolutions. Ferdinand reaaly is a very undei’standing individual. He just sits and listens to everything we say. What a martyr! But we love him. —H-H— Another treat is in store for kiddies who plan to dance this weekend! Hal Lieber and his band from the University of Indiana will play a return engagement at Saturday ' night’s mixer. Hal is the goldenvoiced boy who used to sing with Jimmy Cathcart and his lU band last year. Now Jimmy is in Hollywood, and Hal has taken over the band. This same group of musicians played a battle of bands with Bud Bryant on the week-end of the Indiana football game. H-H— Shoes for co-eds have taken a decided turn toward the unusual! Betty Jane Dan* can be seen these days dashing about wearing unique wooden shoes. The creations are fashion’s latest darlings, and the style was imported from Finland ^specially for mid-winter resort wear. Then, too, perhaps you have noticed the new spool heels which decorate some of the new spring shoes. —H-H— If your love life has gone wrong or if eversrthing in general seems pretty sour, we recommend you spend a few minutes reading some of the poems of Dorothy Parker printed in her collection called “Not So Deep as a Well.” Miss Parker definitely seems to have something when it comes to giving out philosophy. Her humor should cure your post-holiday let down, so try reading some of her poems. —H-H— Have you noticed some of the new coats of tan prominent on the campus. Several lucky students vacationed in Florida and other southern spots during the Christmas holiday, and brought back evidence of their having visited below the Ma-son-Dixon line. —H-H— ODE FOR FINALS: To flunk or not to flunk, that is the question. Whether ’tis nobler in the mind to suffer The taunts and buffets of outi'ageous teachers Or to take arms against a sea of troubles. And by cramming end them? To cram, to flunk No more; and resolutely say we end The jawing and thousand awful marks ' Our records are heir to, ’tis a consummation Devoutly to be wished. To bluff; to try; To try; perchance to think—aye there’s the rub.
With the conference only half over last night there were 7,460 registered—only 215 short of last year’s total of 7,675 for the entire session. Leading counties in the state in the order named are Clinton, Mai’ion, Madison, Noble, and Vanderburgh. Outside pf Wabash and Fairfield townships, Wayne township leads in Tippecanoe county. Legg Wins Ribbon Sidney Legg, Ag ’41, won the purple ribbon on his sample of oats. Lespedeza champion for the ensuing year will be Edmund Stafford, of Tippecanoe county. Indiana’s wheat king is John E. Snoeberger; and Carl F. Wagner won top honors in the soybean show. Grand champion honors in the alfalfa and clover divisions were won by Gerald Foster of Tipton county, and Carl Shields of Grant county, respectively. At the Agricultural Alumni Association dinner at 12 today in the ballroom. Distinguished Ag Certificates will be awarded to outstanding farmers of the state. J. Raymond Schutz, of Indianapolis, will be the principal speaker at a meeting to be held in the new Agricultural Chemistry Building. Dairy Dinner Chief banquet this evening will be the Indiana State Dairy Association Dinner in the Union ballroom with the presentation of Medal Herd Awards by G. A. Williams, of the dairy husbandry department, and the Medal of Sire Awards by E. T. Wallace, also of the dairy husbandry department. Dr. Oskar Sederholm, of the University of Copenhagen in Denmark, will deliver a short address . Purdue’s Symphonic Band under the direction of Prof. P. S. Emrick will be in the limelight this evening when it plays a concert of popular classical music in the Memorial Gymnasium beginning at 7:30.
By Betty Wickard
WB A A Programs
Pro-Communist.. (Continued from page 1)
11:00—PTA Progi-am. 11:15—Parade of Melody. 11:30—County Federation of Clubs Program—“Social Service.” 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15—Civic Chats—Mary Wagner. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00-“I Want a Job.” 1:15—Martha Whitehead, soprano. 1:80—Prof. Frank Hall, Footnotes on the Headlines. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—The Apothecary. 2:15—State Safety. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—Men of Vision. 3:15—Pete Meginnis, baritone. 3:30—Magic Carpet. 3:45—Morey J. Doyle, pianist. 4:00—America’s Hours of Destiny. 4:30—Quips and Queries. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISEliBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19Vi Vine West Lafayette — Phone 4965
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac--essorles and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-n N. 5th St. Phene 2828
^v,cE r^RINTING OKIca ShiUoncry . . O 1 tVaddlng InvIUlloni FHONE ■ W-Boo'-.Etc.... 2628 CASSEL’S dOitERHV
Ex Purdue Student Made Library Head
Intramural Notices
Show: “Sweethearts.” Where: Lafayette. When: Continues through Saturday. Jeannette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy have done it again! “Sweethearts” may now be added to their long list of musical successes including such favorites as “Naughty Marietta” and “Rose Marie.” A more concise and better-worked out plot than most of their musicals makes up for the lack of the usual colorful costume background in this modern story. The pair play a famous married stage team who become tired of the strenuous obligations of Broadway fame and decide in favor of fat Hollywood contract. How Frank Morgan and Mischa Auer, their backers, prevent them from leaving New York furnishes the plot of the picture. Technicolor, in which the picture is filmed, brings out the beauty of MGM’s stupendous musical comedy scenes. Miss MacDonald’s titian hair is most effective, especially against a brocade evening wrap she wears. Victor Hei’bert’s songs are, of of course, as ageless in their spell as evei*, especially “Sweethearts” and “Pretty as a Picture.” Eddy’s baritone voice is very pleasing, although a slight thickening of the waistline reduces his romantic possibilities. Frank Morgan is his usual amusing, blustering self, and Mischa Auer, who is one of our favorites, is the focal point of many a ribtickling scene. Technicolor can be abused, however, for in one scene in which Miss MacDonald is occupied in selecting a wardrobe for her proposed stay in Hollywood, its use leads to almost fatal results.
Maurice H. Smith, ex ’24, has been appointed librarian of Cooper Union, New York City. Cooper Union has 1100 engineering students who are studying for degrees. Smith, who took science for two years here, graduated from Indiana in 1930.
At present. Smith has five assistants in governing the library and taking care of 65,000 volumes. Mau'I’ice is the son of Dr, and Mrs. Z. M. Smith, of the agricultural extension department.
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—M. Aronson. 7:00—Sigma Pi vs. Delta Tau Delta. 7:16—Sigma Nu vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 8:26—Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Tau. 8 :40—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Court 2—J. Kurtz. 7 :00—Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 7 :15—Phi Pi Phi vs. Kappa Sigma. 8:25—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 8:40—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Acacia. ' Court 3—P. A. Smithson. ' 7:00—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 7 'IB—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Chi. 8:26—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 8:40—^Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Court 4—J. G. Straley. 7:00—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Beta Theta Pi. 7:16'—Tau Kappa l^silon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha.
borne, O’Shaughnessy, W. W. Parker, J, Parmelee, Parnin, Payton, D. Perry, Phillippe, Phillips, Pierce, Pinnock, Polifromi, Polk, Siefker, Smaley, H. H- Smith, D. B. Smith, M. L. Smith, F. H. Snedden, H. K. Snyder, Sohn, Southmayd. (1-13) —JACOBSON.
Exponent Eds: All eds who have not yet turned in their examination schedules, please do so before January 13. Please list also the nights you prefer to work.
^DIN.
work.
-HARI
Exponent Junior Eds: There will be a meeting in the Exponent office Friday, January 13, at 7 p. m. to arrange examination
work schedule. —HARDIN.
Scriveners: Meeting will be held Thursday, January 13, at 7 :30 p. m. at 125 West Lutz, rather than as previously announced, —JUSTIN.
Classiiied Ads
. Dickinson College in Pennsylvania requires students to participate in faculty-regulated extra-cur-ricular activities in order to fulfill gi’aduation requirements.
Activities Movie Photographs: Meeting in room C of the Union Thursday, January 12. Important. Hedden, DeWitt, Gustafson, Hess, Wunderly, Vernon, Moss, Milner, please be present. —LUTZ.
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Meet Thursday, January 12, at 7:30 p, m. in room 103 Ag Hall. —KNAPP.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machinea as low as ^29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Riding Club: There will be a short meeting, Thursday, January 12, at 7:80 p. m. at the Union. Impoitant for all members. —SUMMERS.
Modern Dance Students: Tryouts for a dance group which will participate in Midwest PE Conference in March, will be held Thursday, January 12, at 4 p. m. in the hygiene lecture room. —KNIGHT.
Agriculturist Staff: All staff membeis report to the New Agriculture Engineering building Thursday noon, January 12, for sales work. Come as early as possible. —KINGSLEY.
INSIST ON Chamberlin’s Ice Cream. Indiana’s finest. Phone 3028.
ROOMS FOR RENT
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting Thursday, January 12, at 7 '15 p. m. in the reception loom of the Union. —HOLT.
Gym Locker Holders: Those wishing to renew locker for the second semester must so signify by signing locker renewal slip at the intramural check-out window not later than Saturday, January 28. Those wishing to check out must do so before then to recover deposit. —CLEVETT.
FOR RENT—Very desirable rooms across from the campus. 424 N. Grant St.
WAA Fencing: There will be fencing in the Womens’ Gymnasium Thursday, January 12, at 4 p. m. —HAZLETON.
Recreational Swimming: Open swim for women Thursday, January 12, p. m. —YEAGER.
Instruction if desired.
FOR RENT—One double room with single beds, automatic hot water. Second semester. 464 Maple St. Phone 4988, West Lafayette.
ROOMS FOR RENT—Will have vacancies for two men students, room and board, February Ist. Desirable new home, rate very reasonable Apply at 805 N. Vine St, W. L. Phone 75973.
WANTED—Two boys for room and board across from Michael Golden Shops, 428 N. Grant. Double room, single beds.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Two tuxedo suits. Size 36. Good condition. Call 65264 after 6 p. m.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Black leather loose leaf notebook in room 229, S. S. bldg. Finder please return to Van Coddington, Cary Hall West.
PI PHI PIN LOST by Dorothy Holden. Will finder please call 75663 ?
Freshman Interviews: Room F of the Union, any day from 2 to 6 :30 p. m. Activities Bureau has yet to interview the following: Abolt, R E Adams, Baldock, J. E. Barnes, Baugher, Beaty, Bechtold, Becktold, Benes, J. G. Black, Blanken, A. L. Bowman, R. B. Bowman, W. G. Bowman, Eoff, Gephart, Gielley, Gilogly, Gilman, Gilpin, Gladwell, Gochenour, Godsey, Golonka, H. W. Hale, H. W. Hall, Haller, Hallet, Halstead, Hamilton, Harmsen, F. S. Harris, W. T. Harris, Hine, Humphreys, Jacklin, Lake, A. J. Lamb, D L. Lamb, Lambertus, Lancet, L. D. Lane, Lazarus, Laeckle. Legnos, Lennox, Leugo, D. H. Lewise, T. T. Lewis, J. R. Lewis, N. P. Lewis, Librock, Lieurance, Lipp, Long, Loper, Lott, Lowe, Lumpkin, Lynn, McAdams, McCloud, McCrady, McCutchan, McGhee, MacDowell, MacMillan, MacPherson, Mahurin, Malmquist, Manley, Margolis, D. W. Marshall, H. R. Martin, Mills, Minton, S. S. Moore. W. J. Moore, L L. Morgan, E. W. Morgan, G. J. Morgan, G. L. Morgan, J. J. Morris, R. A. Morris, H. R. Morton, Mullen, Mulligan, Murphy, Neumann, Newlln, Nielsen, Norman, M. D. North, J. A. Norton, Nusbaum, Ogden, O’Kane, Oliphant, Oliver, Olsson, O’Neil, E. R. Osborne, N. A. Os-
PSA: Meeting Thursday, January 12, at 7:30 p. m. in the old chestnut room of the Union. Important plans to be discussed. —DUNSHEE.
Mortar Board: Meeting at 5 p. m. Thursday, January 12, in WSGA office. —WOOD.
Student Senate: No meeting until further notice. All senators are requested to attend leadership school on Thursday, January 12, to hear R. B. Stewart speak on “Finances." —ELLIOTT.
Motorcycle Club: Very important business meeting 7 p. m., Thursday, January 12, in room A of the Union Building. Be there. —STRIEBY
Chemistry 1 and 2: Examinations for removal of C grades in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be given Saturday, January 14, 1939, at 1-4 p. m. Application for any of these examinations should be made at 'room 103 chemistry laboratory annex before , Thursday, January 12. The examination tee does not need to be paid when application is obtained, but must be paid before the examination is taken. —MARTIN, TEST, ALLEN.
total figure of “yes” answers to 10.5 per cent. And how are these students affected ? They name personal contact with other students as the most frequent way, and in addition name class discussions, invitations to meetings, printed material, and professors who, as a University of Minnesota freshman put it, “are so progressive I believe they tend toward communism.” This poll, like all others conducted by the Student Opinion Surveys, attempt merely to sound out student thought. Perhaps students are unaware of propaganda. Perhaps their individual definitions of the “isms” differ. But their answers about represent what all American college youth responds to the question, and should not be construed to mean that one-tenth of the students have actually been influenced. The survey points out that only one-tenth has felt attempts at propaganda.
They Feel as Fine as They Look
Crown Cleaned Clothes not only improve your personal appearance but give a marked degree of comfort.
Formprest clothes are form fitting, an exclusive feature with Crown.
0R0l7il bUNiHY
FINE C L E PCH ERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Yes—you can actually own a new Royal Portable for as little as $1 a week. For Royal alone gives you Toudi Control*, an amazing improvement which adapts the key tension of the madune to everyone’s finger pressure! And this is only ONE of Royal’s many unusual featuresl Three modds—three prices with payments Irom 7S^ to $1.25 per week. (De Luxe Model illustrated.)
Gcntlcroen:
about I'leasc -— niodeUi, complete
518-20 MAIN
DECKER’S
Phone 6477