This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY April 14, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 153
SIX
'Hig Guns’ Ego Is Too High
Levin To Discuss One Of These Will Reign... Labor Relations
Following Debate “Proposed Amendments to the National Relations Act” will be the subject of Lester M. Levin, attorney for the 11th region of the National Relations Board, following a debate between the Univeisity affirmative and negative teams tonight at 7:30 in the Home Economics Building auditorium. Frank R. Hall, of the University history, economics, and government depaitments, will preside. The debate will be of Congressional style, which will give a speaker on either team an opportunity to interrupt the speaker on the floor at any time, and ask him questions oi call his attention to ceitain facts. Negative speakers will be J. W. Fredericks and J. W. Rittenhouse while affirmative will be composed of M. M. Karnowsky and D. Paarlbetg.
Peace Committee To Discuss Strike Plans for University student’s participation in a nation-wide peace strike to be held April 27 at 11 a. m. will be discussed at an open meeting of the Purdue Peace Committee tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in room D of the Union. Delegates from 28 campus oigamzations will probably attend the meeting. Last year, 600,000 students in all parts of the country participated in the strike for peace. They represented many national organizations including the American Student Union, National Student Federation of America, National Council of Methodist Youth, National Councils of the YMCA and YWCA, League of Nations Association, and others. Last year some 250 students heard Rabbi M. H. Simon discuss “The Higher Patriotism” in Eliza Fowler Hall. Choir, Orchestra To Present Convo University Choir of 150 voices will combine with the 40 piece University Orchestra to present the sacred cantata, “The Seven Last Words of Christ,” tomorrow afterat 8 o’clock, in Fowler Hall. This presentation, open to students, faculty, and townspeople, will conclude the year’s religious convocations. Robert A. Phillips, ChE ’38, will direct the orchestra which will be accompanied by George E. Osborn, Pharm. ’38, at the console of the Hammond Electric organ. A1 Stewart will direct the choir. According to Stewart, the cantata is one of the most familiar pieces of Lenten music, and takes approximately 50 minutes for the pei-formance. Union Passes Etiquette Survey Blanks To Houses “The jremainder of the college etiquette survey blanks will be distributed to boarding houses today and tomorrow,” Union vice-president R. F. Harper said yesterday, concerning the distribution of the cards to University students. Conducted By the Student Union and Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton, the survey blanks will be passed to fraternity and sorority houses, and are scheduled to be collected Wednesday. Students are asked by the Union to write questions on the cards concerning etiquette on dates at dances, while eating, and other movements m the social field. The results of the survey, which is being conducted by nine colleges and universities, will be compiled and made available to students.
... of the 1938 Junior Prom in the Memorial Union Ballroom on the night of April 22. Pictured above are seven of the eight junior co-eds still in the field of candidates for the Prom Queen honor. Seated in the front row are Winifred Gregory, Kappa Alpha Theta, of West Lafayette; Marjorie Blocker, Pi Beta Phi, of Hammond; and Frances Eastburn, Alpha Chi Omega, of West Lafayette. Standing in the rear row are Martha Wood, Pi Beta Phi, of West Lafayette; Dorothy Bryant, Pi Beta Phi, of Cleveland, O.; Virginia Hulse, Kappa Alpha Theta, of Anderson; and Ruth Renfroe, Independent, of North Liberty. Betty Klein, Pi Beta Phi, of Mishawaka, is not included in the picture.
Final judging of the beauties is set for this afternoon when judging committee members will compare notes and name the queen. Tomorrow’s Exponent will announce the winner. Judges include two Mortar Board members, Petie Light and Betty Ann Stewart; two Iron Key men, R. P. Manion and F. T. Sheets; two Student Senators, C. G. Elliott and J. H. Jacobi; and Prom Chairman R. M. Sasser. Four of the girls are home economics students: Gregory, Eastburn, Hulse, and Renfroe . . . the other four are enrolled in the science school: Blocker, Wood, Bryant, and Klein.
Dr. Harger Explains Effects Of Alcnhol On Human System “A man is drunk only when he can’t raise his head off the floor and ask for another drink,” Dr. R. N. Harger, toxicologist, answered last night to the query—“When Are You Drunk?” Dr. Harger spoke in Eliza Fowler Hall to approximately 500 students and faculty members under the sponsorship of the Purdue Religious Council. Dr. Harger first explained the absorption of alcohol and its effect in the human system. “Alcohol is a food and furnishes energy for utilization in the body,” he stated. “It is difficult to oxidize. This is why walking a drunk around the block does not help his physical condition.” Alcohol consumed is not alcohol accumulated, the toxicologist continued. The person who can “hold it without being affected is the one who oxidizes the alcohol in his body faster.” He concluded his 90 minute talk with a demonstration of his invention, the “drunkometer.” University Chemists To Attend Annual Meeting * Several members of the faculty in the departments of chemistry and agricultural chemistry, will be in Dallas, Tex., next week for the annual meeting of the American Chemical Society. Those from the general chemistry staff who expect to attend are Drs. F. J. Allen, Ed F. Degering, H. Diehl, H. B. Hass, Herschell Hunt, R. H. Ewell, and E. T. McBee. Papers will be presented by Hass, Degering, and Hunt on various phases of research work conducted at Purdue. The only member from the agricultural chemistry department who will attend is Dr. H. R. Kraybill, head, who will present a paper on “Drying Rates of Soybean Oil,” an experimental project of that department. Kraybill is chairmari of the agricultural food chemistry division.
Time, Hotieir Men Cenvene Tomorrow “Time Study and Industrial Relations” is scheduled to be discussed by C. S. Craigmile of the Paladen-Mann Company, Chicago, in the opening session of the Time and Motion Conference at 10:30 a. m. tomorrow in room 254 of the EE Building. Registration for the conference will be at 9:30 in the same room. Following this talk, the conference will hear H. J. Wilson, work accountant for Warner Gear, Muncie, discuss “Time“Study Standards and Construction Tests.” At 1:30, A. B. Segur, CE ’08, Oak Park, 111., will talk on the subject “Selling a Motion Picture Study Program to Employees.” A discussion, “Organizing and Operating a Motion Study Program,” will follow Segur’s talk. Dr. L. M. Gilbreth, University engineering consultant and efficiency expert, will talk on the subject, “Motion Study as an Element in Management Purposes.” Any communications regarding the conference should be addressed to Prof. C. W. Beese, Purdue University.
Camp Counselor Positions Open For Qualified Persons Recently the division of physical education, in cooperation with the University Personnel Bureau, contacted over 400 camp directors within a radius of 300 miles of Lafayette for possible camp counselors positions. A number of requests have already been received specifying counselors for nature craft, camp craft, swimming, and general bunk counselors. Persons interested may fill out application blanks at the Women’s Placement Bureau or request such application blanks from room 110 in the Fieldhouse. Special consideration will be given to those registered for the course “The Organization and Administration of Camping Activities,” but as the demand appears to be exceeding the supply, other individuals with experience will be considered. Educators Attend Meeting Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the University division of education and applied psychology, is in LaPoi te today to participate in the Northern Indiana School Administrators’ conference . . . Dr. Knight is accompanied by Prof. O. F. Hall and members of the local school boards. Professor Hall will participate in a panel discussion this morning on “The Need of Local Tax Control for Schools.” “The Teaching of Controversial Subjects,” will be Dr. Knight’s topic for this afternoon.
Band To Present Cantata Sunday Purdue’s Symphonic Band will present an afternoon of popular specialty numbers in the Jefferson High School Gym, Sunday, at 2:30 p, m., announced Professor P. S. “Spots” Emrick, director of the Purdue Military Bands. A special corps of arrangers, members of the advanced harmony classes, have spent more than a year in the preparation of this program. Peter Tschaikowsky’s Fifth Symphony played in its entirety by the band, and Walter M. Smith’s “Bolero” played by Purdue’s triple topgued trumpet trio will feature the two-hour musicale which is free of charge. As an added feature an Andante Cantabile, on a genuine Schmidt French Horn, will be played by Harold A. Todd in Tschaikowsky’s Symphony. Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce and the Lafayette School Board, sponsors of the progi’am, invite everyone to attend.
Iildiana Weather
Plan 1938 Razz Banquet To Humiliate High Hats In a secret meeting recently, local Sigma Delta Chi men passed unanimously the following series of resolutions: 1. Ego rules Purdue and vicinity—it must be stopped. a. Professors, instead of being properly ignored have been scandalously flattered, called good teachers; and have been indiscreet too often, too confident that they were safe from the razzing spotlight of publicity. 2. Students have lost their fear of ridicule—they must be properly chastened. a. Pin-pushing has become so promiscuous that each case cannot receive the proper attention of Bold and Black. b. BMOC’s have not yet had their private lives thoroughly aired; extracurricular and undercover activities of the campus big shots have been ignored to the extent that the slimy monster politics must soon rear
its ugly head.
3. Townspeople are getting out of hand.
Lafayette has not been properly tom apart yet this
year.
Students have lost contact with the town and missed many a scandal and story on the Lafayette Democrats and Republicans.
a.
b.
Forecast for Indiana: Continued warm today with increasing cloudiness. Rain tonight or tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 77; low, 64; mean, 70.6. The Wabash river has fallen from 19.7 feet on Tuesday morning to 17.1 feqt yesterday.
Creek Sets May 12 As Entry Deadliiie In Literary Contest Entries for the annual All-Uni-versity Literary contest must be in room 204 of University Hall before 5:30 p. m.. May 12, according to Dr. H. L. Creek, head of the English department, yesterday. Cups offered in the contest are the George Ade Cup for the best short play, the Horace G. Reisner Cup for the best short story, and the David E. Ross Cup for the best poem. Cash Awards The English department offers a cash prize of $10 for the best personal or familiar essay. Other cash awards offered include the Hock-ema-Stewart prizes of $15 and $10 for the best essay on a historical subject concerning Tippecanoe county or Indiana, for the best essays on a phase of science, or on the work of a scientist who has made a contribution to civilization. Howard E. Enders also offers awards of $10 and $5 for the best personal or familiar essay. Literary Dinner Announcement of the contest winners will be made at the Literary Dinner in the Union ballroom. May 19, at 6:30 p. m. Thomas Wolfe, noted young American novelist, will be the chief speaker at this banquet at which the Winterrowd Award of $135 for the best senior book collection will be presented. Bridge Tourney Starts Tonight Forty bridge teams will meet at 7:30 tonight in the Union bahroom to start the annual bridge tournament which will be the largest in the history of the event, according to Union officials. Entries will be accepted until noon today at the Union desk. Full teams are urged to be present by 7:30, as no team will be seated after that time. A trophy will be awarded to the winning team, and other prizes will also be distributed. Frosh Attend Smoker Twenty-five freshmen heard Exponent Managing Editor J. E. Brock discuss frosh duties on the paperlast night at the Exponent smokerin room D of the Union. D. R. Vance, associate editor, pointed out the advantages of working on the Eisponent. Both men were introduced by G. W. Breuer, Exponent personnel manager.
To Revive Razz Banquet With the responsibility for Purdue’s welfare weighing heavily on its shoulders Sigma Delta Chi immediately set in motion the machinery for a revival of the annual Razz banquets which used to be traditional necessities. This year’s banquet will be held on Tuesday night, April 26, in the Memorial Union ballroom, and may be attended only by a select group of students, facultymen and townspeople who will soon receive formal invitation. “Gridiron Banquet” will be the official title for the dinner, which will be patterned on the plans used every year for newspapermen’s big event, the Washington Gridiron
Banquet.
‘ As in former years, no person will .be safe. The clean-sweeping spotlight of Truth will illuminate the shady or embarassing secrets of the mighty and the small. To Give Leather Medal Only serious notes of the evening will be the annual presentation of the Leather Medal to the faculty member who has been of most service to Purdue University this year, and a new award for the University’s Best Teacher, made in cooperation with Exponent’s campaign. Dance Trend Slows From Big Apple To Cherry Hop Stating that the “Big Apple” had shrunk to the “Cherry Hop,” Pearl M. Allen, of Lafayette, dancing instructor at Culver Military Academy and president of the Chicago School of Dancing Masters, revealed at the association’s annual traveling normal school here, that the trend is toward slower and less taxing
dances.
“The waltz is coming back,” he said. “In the east its popularity is already widespread among the younger dancers.” The “CheiTy Hop” contains eight simple steps the basis for which is a polka and a glide. Wesley Players To Air Easter Play Over WBAA Charles R. Kennedy’s play, “The Terrible Meek,’* will be presented over WBAA by Theta Chapter of Wesley Players, national dramatic fraternity of the Wesley Foundation, tomorrow afternoon from 4:30 p. m. to 5 p. m. according to G. D. Williams, program director. The production is being arranged especially for broadcast purposes by the Rev. William McFadden, .and the cast includes Bill Harris, Jr., C. F. Meier, and Isabell Weishaar.%
h
£diiifdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diunuyv
Thursday, April 14. 1938
Revival Of... . Sigma Delta Chi “Razz Banquet” under the ne\\ name of “Puidue Gridiron Banquet” IS an indication that h\ elier times for students and facult^ aie on the ^\ay Razz affaiis of the old daA \shich \^ere discontinued shortly after 1930 because thej became too bold, weie regal ded as one of the most important annual Unn ei sit\ functions The Leather Medal, given b\ Sigma Delta Chi to the staff member having done most for the University during the >ear vas piesented at this banquet. This 'seal the louinahstic fiatermty plans to le-inauguiate the practice and supplement the Leather Medal with a “Good Teacher Medalion” going to the Unneisity instructor or piofessor vhose methods of instruction are deemed “best” on the campus This move is designed to furthei the “good teaching” campaign currently earned m Exponent columns These two seiious avaids will be made at this year’s banquet as well as satirical piizes for questionable achie\ ements Sigma Delta Chi members hope to diiect their razzing m a constructive manner, deflating a pompous professor here and a conceited egotistical campus “shot” there Campus politicians, socialites, die-hards, lovers, and parasites all will come m for their share of pointed comment A banquet serving this two-fold purpose of providing entertainment and correcting everyday faults certainly deserves support, and we believe Sigma Delta Chi will find students and
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
pbeociated
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan 20, 1922 Pubhshed daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscriptions $8 per year, by mail $8 60
Editor-InrChlef
Bnsiness Manager
R. P. Maiuon
D. C. Miller
CO-ED STAFF Editor _ Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor _ ~ _ -J. E. Brock Editor s Secretary _ — Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors D A Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C D Schroeder, H I Stanbaok, D B Vance Sophomore Assistants—B. J Deckard, G W Frederick, K C Houston, R. E Insley, R L. Keck W A Kroeplin, G J Tafel, D G Temo, G A Torrence, J C
Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager National Advertising Manager _ Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager — _ SPORTS STAFF
Editor
Associate Editors —
J P Girard _W J Gillilan JL R. Hensler M. C Reeves
R, F Ofeenchain J S Brown R L McDonald,
B D Witwer MAIN OFFICE
812 N Fifth St Lafayette Indiana Editorial Phone 6637 Bnidnesa Phone 6088 Night Editor—Bailey Issue Editor—Torrence Thursday April 14, 1938
faculty Willing to cooperate in making the razz revival a real success. —A. H. F.
collegiate
Harvard University students must pel form duties on schedule A notice appearing on a study card which must be filled twice a year reads “In case of the death of a student, his roommate or nearest relative must hand in his study card, with a statement to the effect, in order to avoid liability for charge of $5 for late filing of study card ” * ♦ * i: The vocabulary of the college student IS almost 3,000 woids above that of an average American adult according to tests made at the University of Southern California Testing of the vocabularies of more than 100 psychology students shows their average vocabulary to be 14,500 words The smallest vocabulary found was 10,000 words, and the most extensive was 16,000 ic * Jis “Regardless of a woman’s beauty, regardless of all else, if she didn’t like Burns, I couldn’t love her,” said Dr George Pope Shannon, Umveisity of Alabama English professor Lecturing his class in English literature, Dr Shannon ranked an “honest and sinceie appreciation of Robert Burns” above all other factors as essential m choosing a mate j: f: ^ * United States Educatois are watching their pet educational theories being worked out on a real college campus—Hofstra, on Long Island Here are some of the theoiies on which educatois have been taking sides foi the last five yeais There are no suivey courses Hofstra’s guiding committee thinks survey courses are too general and “faddish ” although plenty of in dependent voik is permitted There are no requned subjects save English and a language
Club Will See Grass, livestock Movies Prof M 0. Pence, of the agronomy extension staff, will show Hoof and Horn Club members moving pictuies of his trip through Europe, at the regular club meeting tonight Professor Pence made a trip through Europe last summer, and the pretures which he will show deal mostly with the use European nations make of various grasses in livestock production. The meeting will be held in room 108 of Agricultural Hall at 7 p m Prof J. Davis To Tell Of Recent California Trip Prof J J Davis, head of the University entomological department, who recently returned from a trip to California will tell Thomas Say Entomological Club members of his experiences at their regular meeting to be held this evening in Agricultural Hall The meeting will be held in loom 103 at 7 30 p m The club will also discuss plans for its annual picnic, to be held in the neai future, accordrng to club president John Favinger Students major not in one subject but in a field of related subjects Not only Hofstia’s cuiriculum is unique but its entire setup is unusual The college functions under the protecting arm of New York Univeisity, though it is 30 miles away Hofstia students receive New Yoik Umveisity degiees if they do satisfactory work And if they wsh they may transfer to any of the NYU professional schools after two or three years at Hofstia 0th ei students may take occasional courses in any of the NYU schools
Mike’s Musings
At last there’s something definite to report on the Luncheon Dance situation Airangements have been made with Lou Schilling and his boys to start in tomorrow—Friday —as regular artists on the here tofore recorded lunch hour program The boys aie playing for listeneis of the “Voice of Purdue” from room C of the Union and Dick Shively IS scheduled to continue as announcer We greet you and the boys, Lou, and extend our best wishes for bigger and better noon hours of music 2—1—3—2 The ariangements failed to go thr ough for the broadcasting of the special Eastei concert this Sunday afternoon by the Purdue Military Symphony Nevertheless, there will be a half hour program of special Eastei music Friday afternoon at 3 to 3 30 Jefferson high school chon, under the direction of Camilla White, will present the program and from pre Mews of the affair, it should prove good listening to all music loveis 2—1—3—2 Anothei special Eastei broadcast will be given by the local chapter membeis of Wesley Players when they take the an Fiiday from 4 30 to 5 00 The progiam is being arlanged by Rev McFadden and the play IS “The Teriible Meek” 2—1—3—2 The station’s spoits staff will be called into action again Saturday when Bob Heme will describe at least pait of the Puidue Western State Teachers diamond battle The broadcast starts at 2 and runs until 4, so if you can i get out toi it, listen to Bob
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Amazing new inbtrument plays Victor recordb thruyour radio f Try it today Get full details of special offer’ price eobiect to Lhutige without uoUce
McLean Music Co.
MAIN 8T
LAFAYETTE
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
muA TODAY—FRI.—SAT. trdp a phantom IF HE LOST...he himself wooW be kiliedi^
liarrlng [pitIR lORRE ® as the famous Saturday ^ Evenme Post sleuth wlHi KITE lUKl as the son of Chan dick BAtDWlN LYNN BAR9 [>OUGLAS FOWlET JAYNE REGAN HAROID HUBER MAXIE ROSENBIOOM A 20ih Centuiy fo»
—AND
GLORIA STUART MICHAEL WHALEN PAUL KELLY ROBERT KELLARD JUNE STOREY PAUL HURST
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Now that Sigma Delta Chi is le viving the “Gridiion Banquet,” we should find out the low down on fac ulty and students alike The “Rarz Banquets” in the old days were hot affairs and no one, no mattei how important he mrght be, was spared the panning he deseived If the one this yeai is anything like those of former years, it’ll be well worth attending “Faymon,” one ot oui ace cor lespondents wiites from Aurora, 111 sending a pome and advising us to use the new column heading we received some time ago “Faymon, old sock, we’ll use it sometime, but not right now Dear Bold and Black I rise to crack I rise to ciack a question grave and solemn, Who is this guy with knees held high That heads youi daily column ’ Who is this mad, ecstatic lad That types sheet after sheet’ From what I see, it seems to me He does it with his feet Do you admire his strange attire’ It’s anything but proper And Sal McKee must weep to see Him working m a topper This thing in fits that daily sits Upon youi column’s head, This SCI awl uncouth, is it forsooth A portiait of Ye Ed’ Yeah' The Ed of the paper but not of the column Who IS the fieshman ed so bold who serenades (solo) some gal of his heart at WRH North each night about 11 o’clock. We’ll give the Mars double-pass for the best answer or the corlect solutio-n Dr. Gilbrefh To Address Indiana Women Students Di Lillian Gilbreth, consulting engineer for the University, addressed women students at Indiana Umveisity yesteiday morning and faculty membeis at then faculty lounge in the evening Following hei leturn to the cam pus today, Di Gilbieth will talk to the membeis of the Worn en’s Residence Halls aftei dinnei in the evening on “Marriage and, 01, a Career ”
7 guess the floor show is over—they’re putting that table back'”
What, Wh«r«, Wh«n7
More than 1,100,000 Americans aie enrolled in WPA educational classes
ARC
The use of a large vocabulary makes one’s conversation ever so much more enjoyable to those about than that of one who has a limited supply of words at his command, and a peison who knows ‘big woids’ can use them without fear, for his statements will usually indicate his meaning But he who indiscriminately uses big words whose meaning he doesn’t know or is hazy about is m constant dangei of the bronx cheer The writer of a business lettei may be prone to use important sounding words, but, generally, aveiage language clearly expressing your wishes is best When wilting, be a bit conseivative in your language, for a misused woid spoken may be overlooked, while the same word written glares fiom the page at the leadei Don’t talk above youi own head, but try to inciease the statuie of your vocabulary
TODAY — FRI. — SAT,
—and— Qanff ^or Hits the FuTxat
wmBnom JiKO RADIO PICTURS —ALSO— “PAINTED STALLION” Serial -PLUSCOLOR CARTOON
Heiman B Wells, 35 new Indiana University piesident, is the youngest man ever to head that state institution
MAM TODAY AND FRIDAY
SWSliiNCi HMEM’S iJKM mmi RING!
See Lloyd Nolan and fAary Carlisle tear the top off the newest most dar ing big time racketl
MARY CARLISLE LLOYD NOLAN ROSCOE KARNS LARRY CRABBE —EXIRA— MALL HALLETT and Ills Band
can
Starts Today Another Knockout Double Hit Program! Loaded with laughs I Tingling with tunes ! Sizzling with drammez!Thursday. April 14. 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Interfraternity Tennis, Goif Tournaments Open Spring Sports Schedule Tournaments in tennis and golf this week will offer fraternities a good chance to earn points toward the participation trophy. Matches in the spring inten'fraternity mass golf tournament began Tuesday at the Municipal Golf Course and will be concluded Saturday noon. Houses with less than 30 members are to compete one-third of their membership, while those with more than 30 men are to enter one-fourth for their membership. The average score, assuming that the required number play, will determine the winner of the tournament. Single matches in the fraternity tennis tournament will start today at four. All matches will be decided by the winners of two out of three
Tennis Squad Prepares For Initial Meet Monday Enjoying a few days of spring weather for the first time in several weeks, the Boilermaker tennis team is being worked overtime in preparation for the initial meet with Indiana State Teachers College here Monday. Coach Larry LaBree began an elimination tournament yesterday afternoon to pick the men for the team in the opening match. At the present, Wakefield, Traylor, and Mann Trom last year, along with Fuente and Morris, appear to have the inside track. Gardner, another veteran from last year has riot l?een practicing regularly as yet, but can be expected to put in a good bid for a position. sets, except for the finals, in which the winner must capture three out of five sets.
Golf Team Meets Detroit U. Today To Open Week-End Sports Schedule Purdue’s spring sports schedule will get into full swing this week-end, with the golf squad opening the activities against Detroit at 9 o’clock this morning on the Country Club links. Kai'l FreeSO, Gene Andei'SOU, and
Intramurals
Martha Washington Candy in Beautiful Boxes for Easter The Vellinger Pharmacy
834 Main Street Exclusive Agents We Wrap for Mailing
Order Early
o o o
THE NEW PALM BEACH SUITS AND SLACKS FOR COLLEGE MEN For a lesson in "permutations and combinations’’ see the new Palm Beach suits and slacks. Take a blue, tan and white suit... mix them with a few pairs of Palm Beach slacks...and enjoy smartness, comfort and ^ economy ad infinitum. Goodall weaves Palm Beach cloth and tailors Palm Beach suits. That’s why men can get a whole Palm Beach wardrobe at such a small cost. See Palm Beach at your favorite clothier today... and ask him to show you the new Palm Beach Evening Formal.
PALM BEACH EVENING FORMAL ^20.00 PALM BEACH SLACKS . . . . . p3Q
TAIL OREO OY GOODALL 7i£^^xA))J/
THE GENUINE CLOTH
IF IT BEARS THIS LABEL— IT’S GENUINE PALM BEACH GOODALL COMPANY* CINCINNATI
Let your body breathe in Palm Beach
€©IKI@li«lll€<aiL
BASEBALL —Today— Diamond 1— --Ward 2A vs. Ward 6. 2— Ward 2X vs. Ward 4. 3— Ward 7X vs. Cary Hall 5. 4— Ward 11 vs. Ward 17X. 5— ^Ward 13 vs. Ward 10. 6— Ward 12 vs. Cary Hall 1, 7— Cary Hall 2 vs. Ward 9 or 2. 8— Ward 13 vs. Ward lOX. 9— Cary Hall 4 vs. Ward 7 or 3. 10—Sigma Pi vk. Sigma Chi.
GOLF Thursday, April 14 Beta Theta Pi, Phi Kappa Psi, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Triangle, Theta Chi, Sigma Chi, Sigma Alpha Mu, Alpha Gamma Rho, Pi Kappa Alpha, Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa, Theta Xi.
FRATERNITY TENNIS SINGLES Today—4:15 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Triangle Phi Kappa Psi vs. Alpha Chi Rho Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Sigma Psi Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta Xi Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Acacia Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Theta Chi Phi Kappa Tau vs. Lambda Chi Alpha Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Pi Phi Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Theta Tau Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Gamma Delta Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Delta Chi Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Delta Upsilon Today—5-00 Sigma Chi vs. Kappa Delta Rho Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Pi Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Phi Delta Theta vs. Beg Your Pardon Gene Pickart was initiated into the Kappa Sigma fraternity, instead of Jean Pickart, as erroneously reported in yesterday’s Exponent.
John David, veterans from last year’s team,, along with Royal Baske, Fred Tulley, and Dick Meissner, will comprise the team to face Detroit. The match will be either 18 or 36 holes, depending on the weather and the wishes of the Detroit team. Baseball Tomorrow, at 4 o’clock, the Boilermaker baseball squad will face DePauw here in the second game of the season.. Coach Dutch Fehring plans to use the same lineup that set back Wabash 6 to 2 Tuesday, with Carrol Mangas and Homer Warner taking over the pitching duties. Saturday will find both the track and the baseball squads in action, as the trackmen travel to Michigan State and the baseball team plays Western Illinois-Teacher’s College here at 2 o’clock. Michigan State rates as one of the best balanced dual meet teams in the country, having already beaten Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania State, and Maryland by top-heavy scores in outdoor meets this season. Bob Lemen’s low hurdle race against Michigan State’s Woodstra promises to be the highlight of the meet. Hold Sigma Delta Psi Outdoor Trials Today Tryouts for Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic honorary, outdoor events will be run off today in the Ross-Ade Stadium. The 100 yard dash, shot put, baseball throw, football throw, and one mile run will comprise the events. Each man who qualifies for membership in the organization will earn five points toward the participation trophy for his fraternity.
T.Hunt...
. . . graduate of the University chemical engineering school last June and 1936-37 editor of the Exponent, recently accepted a position with Westinghouse Electric Company, East Pittsburgh, Pa. He is working on controlled atmospheres and brazing.
Meet their representatiye here and see the new woolens in bolt lengths. Though tailored expressly for YOU by the country’s finest craftsmen, Ed. V. PRICE & CO. clothes cost no more than the ordinay kind. Buy NOW for immediate or later delivery. Prices for Spring are lower and values definitely greater. Note the date, please—we are expecting you* DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN ST,
APRIL 20-21
Women’s Athletics
New Council Appointment of next year’s Women’s Athletics Association Council was made last Monday by Mary Ellen Delaplane, last year’s president, Kathryn Merritt, new head of WAA, and last year’s council. Those appointed are: Virginia Blank, as chairman of cabin committee; Doris Christenson, activities chairman; Jeanne Bailey, publicity chairman; and Louise Daniel, social chairman.
“It was a great inspiration to the girls to see such a splendid performance,” said Miss Helen Knight, University dance instructor, last night after seeing the recital sponsored by the Dance Section at the Convention of the Midwest Physical Education Association in Chicago last week-end. Eight members of Orchesis attended the converition. They are as follows: Ann Sickman, president of Orchesis, Margaret McBride, Dorothy Newman, Mary Louise Swaney, Lucy Demoret, Barbara Owen, and Martha Brown. Miss Jeannae Bailey and Mrs. E. G. Sutcliffe chaperoned. Other colleges represented at the convention were University of Michigan, Chicago University, University of Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State, Ohio University, and Wayne University.
Chauncey Nefmen Defeat Bastille, 43-20 In Co-op Semi-Final Playing a firehouse brand of ball the Chauncey five defeated the Bastille hetmen* 43-20 in a one-sided game last night in the semi-finals of the Co-op basketball tournament. By virtue of its victory, the Chaun-; cey team will meet Luma squad tonight in the final game of the contest. The Chauncey men took advantage of Bastille’s inability to hit the basket and piled up a score of 17-5 at the end of the first quarter. From then until the last quarter, both teams alternated in making baskets to maintain the same margin. However, in the last quarter the Chaiincey squad went on out in front. Kurtz, Chauncey scoranother scoring spree to finish faring ace, managed to account for over half of his team’s points, accumulating a total of 24 points. The following men participated in the game: Chauncey—Zink, Hen--derson, Kurtz, Small, and Lumpkin. Bastille—Havener, House, Waid, Neff and Paetz.
The unfortunate loss of Capt. Thomas “Red” Breslin, outstanding third baseman, who broke his ankle while sliding during practice, will seriously cripple Purdue’s attack. Breslin was riot only a great leader, but led the Boilermakers in hitting last year with a .378 mark for the Big Ten season that gave him fifth place in the standing.
The Newest . . . Smartest MOST OUTSTANDING Varieties for
thrillingly featured at
A stunning array —
332 Main St.
Lafayette, Ind.3bxaL (Ml.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
%0ticBA.
Thursday, April 14, 1938
Tau Kappa Epsilon -social fi‘itenlit\ innouncc-- the tUctioii of the fillowiUL othccis picsidcnt T (lUiiii'' 1 f hi cago 111 Mcc inesidcnl L L Biadk\ tMiiUhou-'C 0 sccictii\ P K hmillci I ouis Mo tiea-siiicr G R bmall Ambiidge, Pa chaplain D I Ro\ce Da^ton, pledge in i^tci H h Pcisonnett E CliKia-c 111 lush chan man J E M It-- 1 I Loina 111
WA-V Baseball Thursday Apiil 14 at 1 p m Ward 2 \s Pi Phi and combined Wai I a an) 4 \s Chi Omega —MAIER
Purdue Badminton Club Impoitant meet ing f r all members and enthusiasts Thurs liv 't) ril 14 at 8 p m in the womens —GOLDSTEIN
YWCA Cabinet Meeting in YWCA office today at 4 o clock —BRYANT Union Workers All fieshmen and soph omoris with time off report to Union office from 1 p m on Thursday April 14 _]VIATTHEWS
WAA Bowling Semi finals Thursday April 14 Alpha Chi vs WRH North at 7 IB p m Kappa Kappa Gamma vs Kappa Alpha Theta at 8 30 p m —GEORGE
Mixed Recreation Open swim Thursday April 14 at 8 p m in Women s Gym —SCHWEHN
Union Workers All girl workers report at room D in the Union at 4 p m , Thursday April 14 —CROSSMAN
Local Ads
them 20 Conditions Condition examina tions in Chemistry 20 will be given Satur lav Atril If in room 106 of the Chem stiv B Hiding —McBEE PFW Baseball Theie will be a practical and wiitten baseball test for those who feel that they have had the equivalent of the course iff red in our department If both tesL aie passed anothei activity may be sub titut d for baseball Tests will be pivt? Fri lav ^piil 15 at 4 p m in the Womens Gym ■—BRADY
Triton Club Open swim tonight April 14 7 30 8 30 Triton Club swim every Tuesday i 30 8 30 p m —WALKER WSGA Office Workers Please repoit to office at 4 p m Thursday April 14 —MASTERS
Scabbard and Blade Tormal initiation will be held at 5 p m Thursday April 14 in the Armory followed by a formal ban quet at 6 30 p m in the faculty lounge of the Union Building —BAALS
Thomas Say Entomological Society Reg ular monthly meeting Thursday April 14 at 7 30 in Ag Hall in room 103 —rAVINGPR
Alpha Phi Omega All newly initiated members may get their keys fiom Frangos it the Piiangle house (} 13) —WAD LEIGH Kappa Delta Pi Important meeting on rhuisday April 14 at 7 p m in the Edu cation Building Membeijs please come —BYRD
Students Bible Class: Meeting Thuis day April 14 at 7 00 in room C of the Union Rev Ainslie will discuss the sub ject The Supernatural Death of Christ ’ All students cordially invited —BURBRINK
WAA Archery Practice at 4 every after noon Three practices are required for en try in tournament April 25 —BALCOM Union Workers My committee report at the Union office at 4 p m Thursday Apiil 14 —TAYLOR
Freshman Swimmers All freshman swimming team members who have ordered pictures please get them at once in room 100 in the Fieldhouse (4 16) —EASTWOOD
Wesley Foundation Morning watch service Friday April 16 at 7 30 a m Rev McFadden will lead —PARSONS
Christian Foundation Ihe Purdue Christian Foundation is sponsoring a sunrise breakfast at 6 15 a m Easter Sunday at the First Christian Church The price is 16 cents and everyone is welcome (4 16) —GRAVES
Union Workers Our committees report to the Union workshop at 4 p m Thurs day April 14 —MASON MATTHEWS JACOBSON HARPER
Purdue Motorcyclists Short pieliminary meeting at Airport Sunday April 17 at 10 a m All riders invited —MARKS BADE
Glider Club Short meeting in room B of the Union at 7 30 Friday April 15 New members will be considered —MOORE
TYPEWRITERS — Adding ma chine«, «old, purchased, rented, and repaired Supplies Multigraph and mimeograph work C F Ebershoff, 605 Main street FOR RE\T—A, nett Rotal Poit able Ttpettiitei bt the ttcek oi month Call 6477 Deckei 518 20 Mam
Notices Ro N ces Accepted After 8 p m.
Badminton Squad -Ml mo e\ ) a-it d i n t be 1 111 Th dat tp il 14 — BILLINGS AIEE M ct ng n 1 ct rc r om 254 of Elect cal Enginceiiig B ild nc pm Vein -da ^pr 1 13 - BIRGE
'VVA4 Tennis First round of the girls double- Uurnament must be played off by the end of this week The following girls -hould pla Shock and Beaudiy vs Schil ling and Mather Wall er and Jariett vs Bier and Bie-eker Shuber and Gould vs Lounce and Raebig Horne and Jenkins vs Major and Bryant Swift and Fi-hleigh \s Benoret and Me Lean Cmrts mav be reseived Diop in after -chcol and call at WAA office (4 161 WALKER
Dolphin Club Pledging meeting Thurs daj April 14 in room B of the Union All a t \ c member- be present at ^ p m —CARR
PIA Beginners Dance Class Eighth les son will le gi\en Thursday April 14 at 4 lo and at " 30 Try to attend at 4 15 —CLYMER
Weslei Foundation Morning watch ser vice Thursdav April 14 at 7 30 —PERSONS
Have Your Hat Cleaned and Blocked for Easter, by Crown Crown Cleaned hats are repellent to moisture - - This modern process is protection against rain spots - - protects the color and texture,
Hats cleaned and
Blocked this new way
50
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WiST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
EASTER MEAT TREAT Delicious Hams for Easter' Don’t miss this con ventional treat for the Spring Holiday—and be sure to order one of our special Easter Hams for the Holiday Feast. There’s nothing like it for flavor
220 N. 3rd CITY Phone 5372 MEAT & POULTRY MARKET We Cater to Fraternities and Sororities
STRANGE THINGS
<30 2 Ik "Si Ik OaAsified Ads Taken in Room E, Union Bldg., or Exponent Office, 512 N. 5tli St., Lafayette.
Are often found in newspapers. The following was inserted recently:
NOTICE—Will student who is wearing blue plaid pants and vest and black plaid coat please call 4081
The Exponent Classified Ad Section is an excellent way of satisfying your needs, whether they be a strange request, a lost article; something to sell or something you wish to buy. Exponent Classified Ads Bring Results
PURDUE EXPONENT
• Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• B®@ksf®res
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. HEISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Frefessionai The Risk Dental Clinic DK. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 • Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in tke VARSITY BOOT SHOP
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
• Hardware
• Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Mom Street
R.C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Mam Street LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This IS all -we do but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite Post Office
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX I.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Lawn Seeds and Fertilizer Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. West Lafayette • Locksmith "C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph 2291 State-Mam W L
Florist
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Photography
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supines 105 Vine St West Lafayette
Printing
SUDDEN SERVICE
P
RINTING Offlc* SUlioncry . . Wedding InviUtioni
PHONE - S.I.. Book., Etc . 2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408 FERRY