Co-ed Edition
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY Mdrch 24, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 143
Elect Leeaisig, Sextsai ^ew W GA Heads
^ ^ ^ ^ ^
Merritt Voted New WAA President
Hon. Joe A. Andrew
Virginia Beck, Barbara Dorerick, Janette Morris Chosen To Fill Athletic Positions Seventy per cent of the active membership of WAA voted yesterday to elect Kathryn Merritt, president, Virginia Beck, vice-president, Barbara Roderick, secretary, and Janette Mor-
ris, treasurer.
The new WAA president is a distinguished student, Chi Omega member, and science student living in West Lafayette. Janette Morris, new secretary, is also a West Lafayette co-ed and is unorganized. Virginia Beck, Alpha Xi Delta, of Fort Wayne, is a student in home economics. Barbara Roderick of Buchanan, N. Y. is a member of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority and a home economics students.
“What we want is a program big enough to interest all girls in at least one sport” was Kathryn Merritt’s first comment after expressing her pleasure over the WAA elections yesterday. “With the new gjm WAA ought to have an opportunity to be even bigger and better next year than formerly. “So far our main project for next year is the furnishing of a ‘co-ed room’ in the old Memorial Gym nhich the co-eds will occupy next
year,” t^he conclude.d
Cabinet Members
In Its last meeting last night the WAA 1937-1938 council met and elected 13 cabinet members for next year. These cabinet members will act as sports heads. Those elected are—aichery, Mona Balcom, Kokomo; badminton, Jane Fishleigh, Chicago, 111.; bowling, Barbara Dobson, St. Davids, Pa.; baseball, Elizabeth Maier, Lafayette; basketball, Evelyn Heeter, Elkhart; fenContinued on page 2)
. . . representative to the Indiana State Legislature, who will tell the Druggists’ Business Conference about “Social Security in Opera-
tion.”
11 Indiana Druggists Attend EigMIi Annual Pharmaceutical Conference “Social Security in Operation” will be the subject of the address by J. A. Andrew, local representative at the Indiana Legislature, at 9:15 this morning to the assembled delegates to the eighth annual Indiana Druggist Business Conference. Last night 180 persons had registered at the twoday conference sponsored by the University Pharmacy department under
the direction of H. W. Heine. Also on this morning’s program
is F. C. Hockema, assistant to President Elliott, and W. T. Allen of Owens Illinois Glass Company. Following Allen’s talk the group will attend the ROTC review. At noon there will be a luncheon for the guests, to be followed by the after-
noon sessions.
Speaks On Bad Magazines Yesterday morning, A. J. Daugherty, South Bend druggist, declared “Bad magazines offend your worthwhile customers and actually drive business away from the drug store into other channels.” Through the work of Daugherty in South Bend, a national movement lias gotten under way to improve the “deplorable magazine situation” by concerted civic action.
After the opening and inti’oduction of Dean C. B. Jordan by Prof. Heine, Kiefer Elliott, president of the Indiana Pharmaceutical Association, responded to Jordan’s welcoming address. Prof. M. L. Sears of the history, economics and government department spoke on “Gov-
ernment and Business.”
Inspect Fieldhouse
At yesterday afternoon’s session, G. D. Walthall, H. S. Noel, and Dr. R. L. Swain addressed the group which later went on an inspection trip of the new Fieldhouse. Aftei a talk by Dr. Elliott and remarks by Dean Jordan, C. W. Jones, of Win. H. Block Co., advised the group on finer points of the “Em-ployer-Employee Relationship,” at
the annual banquet.
Student Board To Select Queen For Junior Prom
4 Seniors, 3 Juniors To make Final Choice Following the precedent set up by last year’s committee, the Junior Prom Committee has decided to have a board of seven students choose the q^ueen for the Junior Promenade. Two Mortar Board members, two members of Iron Key two Student Senators, and the Prom chairman have been se-
YW Members Elect Klein, Conver, Cooley, McIntosh As 78 Percent Of Membership Votes, Majority Elects Three junior And One Sophomore Coe-ds Betty Klein was elected president of YWCA in yesterday’s elections. Helen Conver will serve as vice-president. Catherine Cooley as secretary, and Sara Alice McIntosh, treasurer, are the other newly chosen officers. Speaking of her election to the YWCA presidency, Betty Klein, a junior science student from Mishawaka, and a member of Pi Beta Phi sorority, said, “I appreciate the honor and I hope that I can live up to the fine standard set by Dorothy Bryant this year.” Concerning next year’s work her comment was, “Until my new cabinet is selected, I can make no definite plans.” Hopes To Carry On Service “As vice-president,” Helen Conver, home economics junior from Kewanna, 111., and Alpha Xi Delta said, “I hope to carry out the campus service groups works to a wider extent next year and make YW even more of an all campus group.” Secretary Catherine Cooley is a sophomore home economics student and lives in West Lafayette. Commenting on her election Catherine said, “I hope I can do a successful job.” “I am glad to elected and I’ll try to be of service,” said Sara Alice McIntosh, another West Lafayette resident. She is a member of Pi Beta Phi and a junior in the home economics school. Installation Later The special installation service for the new officers will not take place until sometime after spring vacation when the cabinet positions will be filled it was announced by Dorothy Bryant last night. Some applications for the cabinet jobs were turned in at the election desk. Petitions may still be tuimed in to Dorothy Bryant, president, or to the YWCA office. Final count showed that 78 per cent of the club’s membership voted in yesterday’s election.
6 Reel Movie To Display Venereal Disease Today
Today a special six-reel talking picture on syphilis will be shown to the men students of the University at 1, 4, and 7 p. m. in Fowler Hall. This picture has formerly been shown only to members of the medical profession. Dr. Miller, of the University Health Service, stated last night, “This picture is dilferent from the other two that have been shown to the men and is a very special picture. There probably won’t be enough seats to accommodate the crowd since the other two pictures were so well attended.”
Two sound movies, “Science and Modern Medicine” and “Syphilis” will be shown to University women in Eliza Fowler Hall, tomorrow, March 25, at 4 p. m. and 7 p. m. This film Ij^as just been released recently b^«jthe American Medical AssociationvDr. Miller said “Nurses from the Home and St. Elizabeth Hospitals have been invited to see these remarkable pictures.” Dr. Bertha Rose of the University Health Service, has urged all co-eds to attend this picture, which will last about one hour and a quarter.
lected for the board. Mortar Board members Betty Ann Stewart, outgoing president of WSGA, and Mary Jean Light, co-ed editor of the Debris, were selected by this honorary to represent the co-eds. Iron Key chose Tom Sheets, Union president, and Exponent Editor-in-chief R. P. Manion for the board to determine the Prom Queen. Senate Representatives At a meeting of the Senate, the Student Senators voted to have (Continued on page 2)
Swimming Pool Owners Discuss Water Problems Operation and maintenance of swimming pools was discussed at a conference held in the men’s gym and Fieldhouse yesterday. About 70 swimming pool owners and operators attended the conference which was held under the. direction of the University division of physical education and the engineering extension department in co-opera-tion with the bureau of sanitary engineering of the state board of health. Water testing, public relations, safety devices and the social effects of the public swimming pool were topics of discussion. Questions were answered at a “question box” session held at the end of the program by M. L. Clevett, intramural director of the division of men’s physical education. Publication Box After Friday, March 25, publication of the Exponent will be suspended for the spring vacation period. Tuesday, April 5, is the first day of publication after vacation return'.
Dick Cisne...
.425 Members Vote; Elect Mitchell, Hail Wilson, Zwierlein, To Fill Other Offices Four hundred and twenty-five women voted yesterday in an election open to all women students in which Mary Alice Learning was elected president of the Women’s Self Government Association. Betty Jo Sexton will serve as vice-president, and Margaret Mitchell is the new secretary. Ruth Hall was elected treasurer. Class representatives chosen were Mariana Wilson, junior, and Paula Zwierlein, sophomore.
Mary AllCC LeamiUg, the UBW president, is a junior' science student from Valparaiso and a member of the Chi Omega sorority. A home economics junior from Jasonville, Betty Jo Sexton, the new vicepresident, is a Kappa Kappa Gamma. The newly elected secretary, Margaret Mitchell, lives in Huntington, and is a sophomore in home
economics.
When interviewed last night, WSGA president Mary Alice Learning said, “I’m just as pleased as I can be at winning the election, and I’ll try to make the next year a successful one.” Ruth Hall, treasurer, is a Kappa Alpha Theta. She lives in West Lafayette and is a sophomore in the science school. Another West Lafayette resident and science sophomore IS the junior representative, Mariana Wilson, a member of Chi Omega. Paula Zwierlein, a Chi Omega pledge is the newly elected sophomore representative. She is from Lakewood, 0., and is a freshman in home economics. According to the organization’s constitution the officers may not be installed until at least two weeks after the elections. Betty Ann Stewart, president, announced that it will probably be about the middle
of April.
The executive board members will not be chosen until later in the semester.
. . . and his Illinois University orchestra will play for dancers at the Gold Pepper dance tomorrow from 9 till 12 in the Union ballroom.
Gold Peppers Will Name 20 Pledges At Co-ed Bid Dance
Purdue Union Plans Annual Tourney For Greek Bridge Fiends Annual interfraternity and sorority bridge tournament will begin in two weeks. Student Union officials announced last night. The tournament, under the supervision of J. L. Born, Lafayette bridge teacher, will be played by duplicate boards. Winners will be awarded a cup by the Union. There will be no bridge lesson tonight, due to the coming tournament. A meeting before the tournament has been planned for Thursday, April 7, at which time entries will be received and duplicate play explained. Former Exponent Sports Ed Sent To Puerto Rico Tom Jarvis, CE ’28 and Leonard Wood, CE ’37, former Exponent sports editor, are being sent to Puerto Rico by the Armco International Corporation, of Middleton, 0., to open up a new sales office. Alpha Chi Rho... . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Vernon Hobbs, Robert Land, and Marshall Richards, all of Richmond.
From the smiling lips of a pictured co-ed whose face will form the dance backdrop the names of 20 Gold Peppers pledges will be announced at the annual co-ed bid dance in the Union ballroom tomorrow night. Names of the several pledges will be flashed from the mouth of the figurehead at the 10:30 o’clock intermission. Dick Cisne and his orchestra will play for the dance. This band was organized on the campus of the University of Illinois and has been featured over WLW and at many night clubs throughout the midwest. According to ticket chairman Mary Alice Masters. “Tickets are going very well. A large percent of the 500 available tickets have already been sold.” Tickets are on sale at all sorority houses, WRH, and the Union desk. Virginia Slocum, president, said that long, informal dresses would be in order for girls. Donaldson To Talk On Japanese War Members of the advanced ROTC course are invited by Scabbard and Blade ,national military honorary, to hear Captain Fred Donaldson discuss the military aspects of the Sino-Japanese conflict at 7:30 tonight in the Union balh-oom. Captain Donaldson is assigned as as.sistant to G-2, officer in charge of niilitary intelligence in the division and is aide to Major General Tyndall, who is commander of the 38th National Guard Division. In such position Captain Donaldson is m a place to learn many things that would not be available to all army officers. The subject will be “The Sino-Japanese Military Struggle and its Background.”
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Fair Thm'sday and Friday. 'Warmer except in extreme southeastern portion on Thursday. Warmer Friday. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 59; low, 35; mean, 47.
Greenkeapers End Two Day Session On Turf Problems Discussion of turf problems drew about 50 greenkeepers from Indiana, Ohio, and Kentucky for a twoday conference held in the Fieldhouse. Ending yesterday afternoon, the conference covered the fields of turf culture, turf disease, greenkeeper’s diplomacy and research. Sponsors were the physical education department under M. L. Clevett, and the Indiana state golf association, headed by Professor G. A. Young. Green keepers were entertained at a banquet held at Lincoln Lodge on Tuesday evening after a full day’s discussion. Toastmaster G. A. Young introduced the principal speakers, J. H. Skinner, director of the agriculture experiment station, and Carl Bretzlaff of the state greenkeepers association. Main feature of yesterday afternoon’s program was a panel discussion on greenkeeping’ which included special topics on swimming pools, tennis courts and archery. G. H. Ensfield of the University agTicultural extension department, presided at the meeting. An inspection of the athletic plant this afternoon concluded the program. Zouaves To Drill Before Chicago High ROTC Units The Purdue Order of Zouaves will present its regular drill for Chicago high school ROTC units Saturday, April 2, at 1 o’clock. The performance will be given in the 131st Infantry Armory in Chicago, 111. Requested to appear by Col. W. F. Morrison, PMS & T for all the Chicago high schools, the squad will take about 30 members and will be commanded by Chdet Major J. C. Vanderford. University ROTC reconuaisance cai-s will be used for the trip.£dijtifuaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
dtumifL.
Thursday# March 24, 1938
Co-eds Are Coming One of Puidue s most ancient and venerable traditions is on its way out The gentle and highly developed art of griping about the University’s inferior co-ed crop IS fast becoming a thing of the past Just last Satuiday one of our most prominent football players said in all seriousness, “I’ll ne\er sa\ anything against Purdue co-eds again after seeing ‘Of Thee I Sing’ tonight. E\ei\ one of the show giils looked mighty fine to me ’ Up till a ven few yeais ago the feminine influence on the campus was frowned on by the great majority of the eds, probably rather unlustlj It used to be a popular belief that Purdue s co-eds lanked fai below those of other Big Ten schools Recently, howevei, co-eds ha\ e gained much more esteem in the eyes of their brother eds, possibly because the ratio of girls to fellows has decreased from over 8 to 1 to less than 6 to 1 in the past five yeai s When rotogra\uie pictures of Purdue and Indiana University co-eds were featured on the same page of a piominent Indianapolis newspaper two Sundays ago, popular campus opinion surprisingly indicated that Boilermaker girls were far superior to their cream and crimson sisters —H I S
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
gkegetinted ^llegtate
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscriptions $3 per year, by mail $8 BO
Editor-InrChief
Business Manairer
R P Manion
D C Miller
CO-ED STAFF Editor Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee Assistants—Joy Johnson, Betty Wickard, Em ily Sawdon, Pat Heniy, Georgann Schilling, Helen Stetfee, Kay Thrasher, Charlotte Sebast, Georgia Carroll, Barbara Joy, Edith Smith, and Mary Jane Carr UNION OFFICE Hoorn E Memorial Union Building West Lafayette Ind Phone 4006 ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it unless otherwise accredited are student opinions and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi tor-in-chief
Night Editor—Bailey Issue Editor—Dorothea Justin Thursday, March 24, 1938
collegiate
Bv Georgaim Schilling A University of Iowa professor of psychology has invented an emotion meter which tells moods by the condition of the sweat glands He recommends it to the young males of the class as a means of testing the heart conditions of their girl friends If her hands are dry, she doesn’t love you—at least in the presence of the professor c—c—c Laughter has killed the organization at Princeton known as the Lonely Hearts Club The society was foimed to promote correspon dence wuth the Vassar gills, and the boys thought they had a clever idea However, they weie more grinned against than gunning, and so the club was buried to the tune of gay, girlish laughter C—c—c Di E A Hooten, Harvard an thropologist, fears that the machine age is making us revert towards the ancestral ape In such a situ ation the wisest thing to do seems to be to move to Tennessee, where evolution is not even considered and so it would be impossible to revert any farther back than Adam and Eve c—c—c “One raiely finds a Euiopean col lege student woiking his way through school Even if we should get a job, it is very probable we would not get money for it Our pay would be the valuable experience we leceived from the job” Robert Foistei, foreign exchange student from Switzerland at Ohio State Umversity, praises the initiative of American students who work their way through school C—C—C The phrase “Northwestern for its pretty girls” has caused a definite masculine reaction on the Evanston campus The co-eds are now finding themselves being dictated to concerning fashions by the men Some of the eds pet dislikes are too much lipstick, unsheathed shins and unsheathed ankles, loose flat sport shoes, noisy jewelry, and slacks, shorts or any other strictly masculine make-up The boys admire most the smoothly feminine type of cos tume
Dr. Lark-Horovitz To Talk On Misic Dr Laik-Horovitz, head of the physics department, will discuss the history and development of chamber music tonight at 7 30 in the Mu sic loom This is the fifth lecture in the Music Appreciation series sponsored by the Student Union It will be devoted to the actual ex amples of old masteis and more modem developments in this form of music A stung quaitette, composed of Thelma Thrasher, violinist, K Lark Hoiovitz, violist, Marshall Howen stein, cellist and Mrs H M James, pianist has appeared repeatedly be fore the student group Tonight they will play a piano quaitette by Teleman a contemporary of Bach Othei selections of old music will be heard from records lately released by Musiciaft of New Yoik Following these numbers a string tiio by Mozart will be introduced Co-edits-” OLD PROBLEMS ARE now facing three new groups of otficei-s, who were elected to top positions in WAA, WSGA, and YWCA yesteiday To impiove the organization is the ideal of every new group Only by tiying to supercede the work of the foimei officeis can new ideas be developed and pi ogress made Many limitations and difficulties which must be encountered by the organization he in the old officers’ minds For the most stable progress of campus associations it is hoped that sufficient time and con sidei ation will be allowed for ad vice to new leadeis By lealizing the obstacles, more caieful plan ning can be accomplished New commandeis, the campus salutes you with high hopes
Rambling, ridiculing in class, pausing too long, overusing pet expiessions, writing illegibly, or being conceited—these are the characteristics students dislike most in pio fessors This is according to an experiment in the laboiatory of the Geoige Peabody College foi Teach eis m Nashville, Tenn
Penalty Dates
During the present semester there are four penalty dates. They are from noon March 25 to noon March 26, April 4, from noon May 27 to noon May 28 and May 31 These days represent the 24 hour periods before and after the Spring Recess and Memorial Day Executive Memorandum No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates —Any student, absent for reasons beyond his con trol or marked absent by mistake, may file with the Dean of Men a certified, detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment Penalty Rule Any student who is absent trom a regular meeting, of a class dm mg tile twenty four hours (not including Saturday afternoon or Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extia fee of $6 00 for each twenty-four hour period or fraction thereof missed —M. L Fisher, Dean of Men
With Eastei not so many weeks away and warm weather creeping upon us, eveiy girl’s thoughts turn to—clothes, to gleet the new season Daytime di esses aie ciowding the shops for our inspection, and a short tour dazzles our eyes and empties our purses Perfect for school aie the lightweight I flannel two piecers which are made in shirtwaist style One type has a stitched gored skirt and pigskin belt, while the other has a pleated skirt Aqua, saddle brown, copen, rose, navy and beige, aie the colors, and an acetate material le sembhng flannel is available foi really scoichmg days Navy Dresses Popular This spring’s favorite combination, navy and mimosa yellow, is made up in a dark ciepe with yellow giosgrain edging the neck and the sleeves Navy takes tij^hnnors as usual, in a bettei dress«th a little white organdy vest alS peplum jacket Sand and navy team with great effect in a double breasted blue ledingote ovei a sand crepe dress Hopsacking, that popular rustic wea\ e is made up in an aqua numbei with a pleated skirt and wine pigskin belt Designed to be seen on date nights is a good-looking black crepe tiimmed with white hi aid A ihinestone clip and buckle and a black patent belt are dressy touches Rose glow is the highly desciiptive name of a becoming new shade of silk alpaca made in a very plain style One store caiiies the evei goad shiitwaist in practically all pastels and even in good looking small prints and dots Jewelled studs mgrch down the tiont This style is also shown in a Brucewood orig inal made of black and white check sheer, with a green keichief for contrast Blouse and Skirt Again That fovoiite of the Gibson Girls, the blouse and skirt, lives again this spring in a naive white blouse teamed with a navy pleated skirt To fuithei the gay nineties idea there is a navy and white polka dot tie at the neckline Giving an illusion of height and slimness is the mission of a sandcolored reding ote stitched down the front in imitation of tuxedo revers Short sleeves on the coat team up with the short sleeved green and white dot crepe dress underneath Navy IS seen everywhere, for it is spring’s own color, but those who find it unbecoming will join the Easter parade in a becoming new ashes of roses shade, sand color, or black and white, shown in striking new guises
iis First Fail! Lemgth F@atiir®!
DISNEY5
Without a mirror With a Sohiok Shaver you can ehave In the dark, with your ooat on, seated In a comfortable armohalr or lying on a bed If you wante It takes the nulsanoe out of shaving. Just plug Into any aleetrlo outlet. $1.00 down $1.00 a week DAME & WILSON 633 Main Street
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Prof Oakie Hall gave Alice Par Ion the book, “20,000 Homeless Men,” to report on Having completed the book, Alice went up to him and said ,‘T’ll have 20,000 men by Satuiday”—Nice work if you can get it, but remember Alice, you took a pin The Delts out serenading the oth er night, stopped at the Sig House and sang, “You’re as pretty as a picture ” At last Jack Goory has been in vited to a co ed bid dance I won der if it’s worth waiting four years for Is it Huber, Nickolson, or Baughn or maybe Goodwin (who, incidentally has Rhodes’ pin) ’ ’ ’ Marv Huffine, Alpha Chi, thinks she has been invited to Prom The paying half doesn’t even have a Prom permit Better start looking for another fish, Mary Janet Decker is doing her best to revive old romances Her first was a Prom bid from Bob Mueller People who are always in a hurry may find they have plenty of time to burn m the next world Who said, “You can take a boy out ot the country, but you can’t take the country out of the boy ” Did you hear about the farmer who bought d cow and took it to his home He didn’t have room for it any place but m the chickenhouse that night The rambunctious bossy ate off all the chicken’s tails and the next morning when the farmer milked her he got—cocktails’ ArrENTION CO-EDS' Wanted—One (1) Prom date foi dark haired man six feet tall, tan dancer For further information applicants may call 5748 between the horns of 8 and 9pm where attendant will give complete details —Kentucky Colonel PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
“Uncle Ned promised us a rear axle. Aunt Sue’s giving us two wheels. Grandpa will give us his old tires, and then we’ll be all ready to start housekeeping ”
Student Board- Merritt Voted-
(Continued from page 1) James Jacobi and C G Elliott both of whom are juniors, as their repre sentatives on the board Complet ing the personnel of the board is Prom Chairman Bob Sasser By selecting the Prom Queen by a board of four seniois and thiee juniois who represent various 01 ganizations and activities on the campus the Piom committee feels that politics will be eliminated from the selection To Pick Regal Queen” Saul Piom Chairman Sasser last night This boaid, which is similar to last years gioup has been set up to obtain an unbiased selection With the diversified interest repre sented, Im sure well be able to pick a really legal Prom queen Pioin queen board meinbeis will meet tbis afternoon to choose the junioi CO ed vho will leign over the Piomcnade Activities beauty, personality and scholarship will be among the qualifications which will influence the final selection
(Continued fiom page 1)
cing Ruth Switt, Houghton, Mich golf, Catherine Himes West Lafay elte Hockey Janette Shaffer, Arcadia, ping pong and shuffleboaid Dor othy Schilling, Indianapolis ten nis Georgia Walkei Barberton, O , tumbling Jo Cook Miami Fla , volleyball Pauline Swick Mentone, and iiflery Bette Smith West La fayette
ARC
TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
—Also— 'Painted Stallion" —Plus— "Sport Reel"
LH^ TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
romance and acbon in a crime without a clue
BIACK
is
NAN DIET-BUNAIP WOODS EDGAR KENNEDY
LOUIS HAYWARD BARBARA READ C LINDEN •J.C. NUGENT BROMLEY • ROBERT GREIG
TODAY - FRI.
MARSii
Thursday, March 24, 1938
THE PURDUE
Sp^OiJtA
EXPONENT
Iters
Installation of WAA officers and heads of sports as next year’s council members will take place at the WAA all-star banquet tonight at 6 o’clock in the home economics cafeteria. Pledges to Spoi'tswomen and names of girls receiving their class numerals and P’s will also be announced. Fred Goldsmith, assistant dean of men, will show moving pictures of camp life, following the presentation of WAA awards. Talks by Miss Veronica Brady, WAA faculty advisor, and Mary Ellen Delaplane this yeaf*’s president, will round out the progiam. Gold and Black basketball teams, chosen from all class teams, will vie for all-star championship honors at 4 o’clock preceding the banquet.
BADMINTON —Today— Douglas vs. Goldstein oi Wild. Schlaes vs. Linn or Holmes. Kline vs. Zumstein or Romanowich. Frye or Hargesheimer vs. Mann or Dawson. M. G. Johnson vs. Ormiston or Fink. Fields vs. Stems. Cross vs. Brilliant or Templeton. Morse vs. Lupear. A. R. Johnson vs. Rankin.
Professor Harold F. Clark of Columbia University figures it out that everybody wlants one-third more money than he makes. For some unknown reason, our earning power is always about a jump and a half behind our yearning power.
Tennis Courts Open To First Comers Until After Spring Recess It’s first come first served on the 13 campus cement tennis courts until after spiing vacation when the leservation system will be put into effect. If the favorable weather continues, the eleven clay courts should be well on their way toward being made playable by the end of this Week or soon after the spring recess to bring the total to 24 courts with a possible capacity of 84 players. There are six singles and four doubles cement couits and eight doubles clay courts on the extreme tip of the campus beyond the Fieldhouse and three doubles cement courts and three doubles clay courts just north of the Armoiy. Rubber Soles Required Players are cautioned to wear rubber soled tennis shoes on the cement courts and smooth soled tennis shoes on the clay courts, according to Chief Clevett. Street shoes with or without rubber soles are prohibited in either type of court. Students and faculty have the priority on all of the courts. The tennis team has a standing reservation during the practice season on four of the clay courts. Delta UpsUon . • • . . fraternity announces the initiation of the following: H. E. Leland, Dayton, 0.; R. R. Tilt, Hudson, O.; M. H. Erickson, Lafayette; A. H. Dunham, Evanston, 111.; A. B. Clarke, Akron, O.; L. H. Jones, Sharon, Pa.; M. D. Perkins, Youngstown, 0.; G. S. Welch, Wilmington, Del.; J. Fletcher, Akron, O.; J. F. Stenberg, Elkhart; and G. K. Smith, Greenfidd. tM\
YANKEE COACH LINES, Inc. OF INDIANA CHICAGO - WHITING - GARY - VALPARAISO - MONON LAFAYETTE - INDIANAPOLIS Schedule oi Daily Bus Service Lahr Hotel Cigar Stand — 4055
BAGS To Match $1 - $1.95
to $4.95
A warm, ruddy, tan that's destined to gleam as the season's most important color . harmonize brightly with every Spring hue. We're proud to present these ... for they definitely "belong" in the smartest wardrobes
332 Main St.
Lafayette, Ind.
Brig Young's Cagers Here Tomorrow
Local Five Play Return Game With Wildcat All-Stars
Frosh Win WAA
WAA basketball competition was brought to an end yesterday when a snappy group of freshmen defeated their sophomore opponents 23 to 19. This final victory made the freshmen undefeated champions of the season. At the close of the game announcement was made of two allstar varsity teams, the Golds and the Blacks. Members of the Gold team are: Mary Louise Riley, Georgia Walker, Isabel Weishaar, Bernice Beisel, Rosemary Vandivier, Virginia Blank, Margaret Jenkins, and Jane Fishleigh. The Black team IS composed of Joyce Davison, Janette Morris, Mary Mather, Betty Beaudry, Elizabeth Maier, Mabel Campbell, Marie Brewer, Catherine Mounce.
In Intercollegiate lard Finals Today
El
Fencing Captain Members of this year’s varsity fencing team elected Myron Stepath captain of the 1938-39 team at a meeting held in the fencing room of the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Stepath is a junior civil engineer and a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity. This year he held down the position of sabre man on the varsity team and participated in most of the Big Ten bouts. Fraternity Golf Begins In April Interfraternity golf competition will start shortly after spring vacation when the outdooi spoit season begins. Fi aternities with fewer than 30 members must compete with onethird of their membership and those with more than 30 must compete with one-fourth of their membership m order to comply with the minimum requirements. A golf trophy will be awarded to the winning house and medals will be given to all of the members of the winning team provided that 15 or more fraternities complete their playoffs.
Five men will represent the University in the final game of the Intercollegiate Billiaids Tournament this afternoon. The tournament is a telegraphic meet, the University contestants shooting in the billiards
I’oom of the Union.
Eight men now qualified for positions on the team will compete today. Those eligible are Leon Dailey, O. H. Steed, Lee H. Reeth, John Breese, A. Mickewich, J H Hope, and Robert Belding. Last Thursday in the three cushions tournament the billiard team finished fifth. Wisconsin and Florida tied for first -with 105 points each, while Michigan and Cornell tied for third with 84 each, and the score for the University contingent was 82. Indiana, with a score of 75,
ended sixth.
le SI
Clothes for co-eds will be featured by Miss Charlotte Tonis, of McCall magazine’s educational department in a style show in the Home Economics auditorium April 5 at 4 p. m. Girls chosen by Miss Tonis from the clothing classes will model the various outfits, which feature the latest McCall’s patterns in a variety of new fabrics. Professor Marian Willoughby, of the clothing and textile department, has announced that the style show will be open to all University wom-
en.
MILITARY BASKETBALL —Today— 7:00—C-1 vs. E-1. Aronson-Igney.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side oi Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Wear a Smart Topper On the Campus VAL-LI-DRESS SHOP
H. G. (Deac) REISNER SeUs the Frank MEDICO Filter-Cooled Pipes.
THE WISEST $1
YOU EVEH SPEHT
NEW SHAPES £ FINISHES
has only Rat'd filter combining moistureproof Cellophane exterior and 66 Baffle absorbent mesh screen interior; resulting in greatest scientific pipe smoking invention ever known. Keeps Juices in filter.out of mouth.
a
DON'T BE LATE FOR THE GOLD PEPPER'S DANCE Just CaU 2151 and Be On Time De Luxe Cab
\deo»i
Tuesday - Thursday 10:30 A. M. WMAQ - WLW
LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO.
ielder’s.,.. ....choice
After barnstorming all over the state of Indiana ever since the University basketball season drew to a close, Jewell Young will lead his All-Americans back to the home fold tomorrow night for a return match with the Northwestern All-Stars, at ' ' the Lafayette Armory,
In a game earlier in the year. Brig and bis mates took the measure of the Wildcats by rolling up a score of 63 to 47 after a blistering second half crammed with action and fast scoring. To date, the Renaissance, nationally famous colored cage squad, have been the only ones who can boast a win over the local outfit, but even that honor didn’t last long as the prides of Lafayette came back later to reverse the count and beat the colored
boys.
Line-Up The line-up for the ex-Purdue stars will be the same that has started all of the other games. Young and Sines will cairy on at the forward posts, with Herman Schuessler, a Lafayette eager who has been going places in the pro ranks, at center, and Malaska and either Glenn Downey or Cecil Isbell at guard. Isbell, although of note as a football player, can handle the basketball with adeptness; in fact, he was known for his basketball skill more than for his grid strength before he come to Purdue. Fourtli Meeting The Northwestern contingent will be out for blood this time, after being beaten once already. For Nagode, McMichael, and Smith, however, regulars on this year’s Northwestern quintet, tomorrow night’s encounter will be the fourth time this year that they have met Young. Sines and Malaska, having tasted defeat the first three times. Joe Reiff, the only other player besides Young in the history of the Big Ten, who has won the scoring title twice, will be one of the other Wildcats, while the identity of the fifth player still remains secret. A preliminary game will take the floor at 7:30 with the mam feature getting under way at 8:30. Tickets priced at 50 cents are on sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s and Dr. J. E. Walters’ office.
By .loy Johmson Ex-President Mary Ellyn Delaplane will turn over the WAA gavel to Kathryn Merritt at the WAA banquet tonight. —fc— President Katie is short and redheaded with a cheery smite. She’s a lack of all sports bat concentrates on basketball, volleyball, and archery and she knows what to do with a rifle. —fc— WAA IS all set to start in after vacation with its spring schedule. Wards and sororities will start choo.sing up sides in baseball, tennis and archery. Bowling and badminton contests will be continued. Vacation will be a good time for green enthusiasts to piactice up for the golf tournament —fc— Speaking of baseball, it may not be unusual this spring for the operator to listen in on conversation something like this: “Hello. This is the Eta Bita Pi house calling. The fellows would like to know if yon girls feel up to a friendly game of baseball this afternoon?” And then that afternoon two fraternities and two sororities would find themselves on Stuart Field wildly swinging at balls. At that they would only be continuing a custom started several years ago—fraternity and sorority baseball. —fc— And spring brings up the subject of picnics which brings thoughts of the WAA cabin in the woods behind Controller Stewart’s house. Mixed groups as well as groups of girls will find that it’s a grand place to cook supper, or even use as the headquarters for a walk through the woods. However, there must be a cabin leader along to supervise the use of the cabin. —fc— With warm weather coming, a swim is one way to keep cool. Tuesday and Thursday evenings have been set aside for the dunkers and mermaids to cool off. One night will be for the Tritons and the other for open swim. Friday will be regular mixed swim evening. —fc— And so WAA starts another year, and its regular spring activities.
Simple darkroom instructions for beginners in photography will be given by Miriam Gustafson and Bill Hedden at the third meeting of the Camera Club’s Short Course at 7:15 tonight in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. A complete darkroom will be set up. Film developing by use of dishes and inexpensive printing methods will be demonstrated. Beginners may bring their own films and watch them go through the complete process of printing and developing. This meeting is open to everyone Dwight Williamson, president of the organization, announced. Prof, Arthur Secord , , . . .. Michigan debate coach, awarded the University co-ed debate squad a decision over the Iowa negative team last night in the final Western Conference debate.
Society Names Officers Officers of the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society for the year 1938-39 have been elected as follows: Chairman, Dean C. B. Jordan, of the pharmacy school; Vice-chairman, Dr. Cecelia Schuck, of the home economics school; chairman "elect, Prof. T. DeVries, of the chemistry department; councilor, Prof. E. F. Degering, also of the chemistry department; and secre taiy-treasurer, Pi-of. C. Shrewsbury, of the agricultural chemistry department.
Business Training Course Exponent business staff freshmen meet in the Union tower room at 7:15 p. m. today, Thursday, and Friday for the final three meetings in the training course. Attendance will be taken. —MILLER.
For Your Mother’s Day Invitations See Lafayette Printing Company or Call 7828 Menus or Stationeryn
■■PMIIHI
IHIilip
^(ocaL CMiu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
yboiiciUL
Thursday, March 24, 1938
Harger Will Show Drunkometer April 13 Di R V Haisjoi piofcs^'O! of 1o\icoloL\ and biochonii''ti\ at the Indiani lln^olslt^ Mtdical Ccntei of In 1 napoh- ^^lll dnnon^tiatc v(,\ct R doMiO'' foi dctottinsx di imktnn ii an open ineclin” of the Puioiu R(he:ion^ Council His appca’inci. hc’(. is sclieduled for ^^edn^s(^a^ \pi il II at 8 p m in FI 17a I o\\ loi Hall Pi HiiLci \\ho IS also technical adcisoi loi the Indianapolis Police Dcpaitnunt in cases of intoxication has chosen \lcohol Fiom a Scientihc Standpoint oi When Aic "I on Diunk'’’ as the title foi his d lusti ited lectme Responsible foi the dccelopment oi seceial tests foi diunkenness, Di Haisrei has me ented \ ai lous deMces lo! detecting intoxication and tt the icquest oi the Religious t I uncil he will bung sexeial of these with him foi demonstiation ASME Shows Lubrication Film At Meeting Tonight “The Inside Stoic ” a sound movie showing the pait played by lubrication in modem machineiy, will be sliow n at the meeting of the Ameiican Sociep of Mechanical Engineeis tonight at 7 in loom 101 of Michael Golden Shops This pictuie, which was made b'^ the Socoin \ acuum Oil Companc w ill illus tiatc tne fundamentals of coiiect lubiication An^ one inteiested is incited to attend the meeting Triangle . . . fiateinit^ announces the elccT on of the following officei s piesident, J H Jacobi, vice-piesident, R B Landobi, ti easui ei, B D Witwc 1 , house managei, C A Bennett, iiisb chan man M C Piechtei, le coiding secietan, R Obenchain, and coi\iesponding secietaiv G W Reid
P K A Announces . . . the initiation of R W Keitel, Mount Veinon, M G Beiei, Indianapolis, A G Albiight, Indianap oils, M S Blown, Balboa, Canal Zone, Q M Ringenbeig, Aubuin, P H Daimei, Indianapolis, H E Ebeihaid, Angola, W A Woods, Piinceton, T V Tumble, Evansville, B F lohnson, Meiom, W P Anthonx, Piinceton, R H Mom son Cbicago, G H Allen, Kalama 700, Mich, I Gaston, Indianapolis, and C H Bliss, Faimville, Va
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaiied. Supplies Multigiaph and mimeograph work C F Ebershoff, 605 Main street. r
HELP WANTED—College men spend this sumniei in South Ameiica Salaiied positions No special expel lence necessaiy Send dime (handling chaige) todav foi astonishing mfoimation ScuL,h American Association, 827 St. Chailes Ave , New Orleans, Louisiana
A PLEASANT ROOM—Foi two men students Close by campus 540 Vine Phone 61572
LOST—Jeweled SAE sistei pm in Women’s Gym Initials CRK on back Rewaid foi letuin Phone Maiy Kleppei, 4035
For Rent—One double loom, onehalf block fiom campus 352 Northwestern
ces
No Nt.
(I Alter 8 pj
• the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional The Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119'/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Photography
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine S* West Lafayette
• Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _ Office Stationery
Weddins InvItatloni
PHONE ' Sales Books, Etc 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRy
• Florist
Domer's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
• Ayto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
ROGERS' RENT-A-CAR Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N 4th St • Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Jewelry
R. I. BATH Watch Maker 605 Mam Street
R. C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street LYLE E. nSHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite Post Office
Locksmith
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph 2291 State Mam W L
24, for playoff game Gold Squad—Heeter, Riley, Walker, Weiahaar, Beisel, Vandivier, Blank, Jenkins, and Fishleigh Black Squad —Shaffer, Davison, Morns, Mather, Beaudry, Maier, M Campbell, Brewer, and Mounce. —BRADY Eta Kappa Nu : Due to a conflict, pledging will be hi Id on Thursday, March 24 —WELLS
Reserve Officers and Senior ROTC Students All inteiested in taking a year of active duty under the Ihomason Act see me before 4pm Friday, March 26 —HAYFORD.
Student Bible Class: Meeting in room C of the Union Building Thursday, March 24, at 7 00 p m The subject for discussion will be “Science and the Bible,” All students welcome —BURBRINK Triton Club: Meeting at 7 30 p ra Thursday, March 24 All girls who have not yet bought emblems bnng 20 cents at this time Open swim at 8 30 —WALKER
day March 24 at 4 p m
-PRECHTER
Debris Sales Staff: Important sales meeting Thuisday, March 24, at 5 p m in the Debris office -SIEBENTHAL Eta Kappa Nu. Pledging will be held Thursday, March 24 at 7 p m in room A of the Union —WELLS
father or mothei, were members of the 1013 class at Purdue This picture is for the 2Bth reunion of the class —BAUGH
University Orchestra: Rehearsal Thursday March 24, at 8 p m in Fowler Hall studio rull attendance urged —PHILLIPS.
Purdue Engineer Editorial Staff Meeting of the editoiial staff in the office Thuis-
Students Picture will be taken in front of the Union Building at 4 15 Friday Maich 26 for all students whose paients either
Purdue Badminton Club: Meeting Thursday, Maich 24 at 7 p m in Women’s Gym. Mixed doubles Board of Directors meet at 6 30 p m —GOLDSTEIN.
ME 31 Condition exams will be held in loom 301 of the ME Building Saturday, April 16 from 1-4 p m All those wishing to avail themselves of this opportunity must make arrangements with the undersigned before noon Saturday, March 26. No other opportunity will be given this semester —MESSERSMITH
WAA Badminton. Games to be played this week Ihursday March 24, at 4 00 Mary Schnaible vs M E Delaplane 4 30 Leona Mtimelstein vs Kathiyn Meiritt Friday at 4 00 Virginia Beck vs Man etta Johnson Irene Boehm vs Roselyn Tackson Virginia Blank vs Georgia Walk er At 4 40 Janette Morris vs Barbara Roderick Ethel Scifres vs Nancy Phillips Ruby Hodson vs Kit Harlan , Jane Horne vs Joyce Davison , and Martha Schroder vs Ekanoi Fink —CAMPBELL
Camera Club Meeting advanced to Thursday March 24 - WEST
PIA Co-eds All PIA co-eds inteiested in working on the board or on committee next veai repoit to the PIA office Thursday March 24 between 4 and 5 o clock WIEN
Camera Club Meeting in room 264 of the EE Building Thursday Maich 24 at 7 15 p m —WEST
Cast “Of Thee I Sing ” Thursday March 24 IS yout last oppoitunity to get your clothes from the Union check room and Eliza Fowler Hall —WOOD
We II Be Your Valet With an efficient economical dry cleaning: service such as this, you have the equivalent of a man-servant at the smallest possible cost. One trial of our careful service will convince you of the desirability of using* it at all times.
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Green Potters Orchestra Committee meeting in loom D of the Union ai 4 p m Thursday March 24 —YANKOWSKI Gimlet Actives and Pledges Dinnci meeting Thursday March 24 at 6 p m at the Sigma Phi Epsilon House —BROWN WAA Basketball Following gills meet in Women s Gym at 4 p m , Thursday, Maich
You carry Chesterfields in your own special case... or you may prefer the attractive all-white Chesterfield package. In any case you’re supplied for a day of real smoking pleasure. Fill your case with Chesterfields ... for that refreshing mildness... that pleasing taste and aroma that so many smokers like. Chesterfield^s mild ripe tobaccos . . . home-grown and aromatic Turkish . . , and pure cigarette paper are the best ingredients a cigarette can have.
t J ju ht 1258 I i( 1 ^ Ah 1 us lonxc co Co