I
f^rdu
£)a//y Swcm /903
Volume 52. No. 106
West Lafayette, Indiaaa
Thundoy. Fel>ni<By % 1911
Announce Noble E. Kizer Football. Scholar Award
££?£ E»P0"«'* Will Coi"!"'* '’»ll
Top Ranking Gridmen In Scholarship,
At Pledge Meeting Of Students' War Opinions Dean Lloyd Will Speak ■
Athletic Attainment To Receive Trophy Tonight in Fowler Haii
The announcement of a new campus athletic award was made Yesterday by Mai Elward, athletic director and head football coach. The award, to be known as the Noble E. Kizer Memorial Trophy, will be given annually to the Purdue football player who has distinguished himself in both scholastic and gridiron endeavors. The new trophy in — , , — -
memory of the former Boilermaker athletic leader who died last sumnaer is being awarded by a former University student, Mitchell Menacof, of Cincinnati. Established Fund
Walker Discusses Operating Problems At Concrete Session
Menaeof, well known sports announcer and oflBicial, has set aside a fund to insure perpetuation of the award for at least 25 years. The handsome trophies, which are 17 inches in height and consist of a base carrying the inscription plaque and a miniature figure of a football player surmounted by the kneeling figure of a coach, will be inscribed as follows: “The Noble E. Kizer Memorial Trophy Awarded Annually by Mitchell Menacof to the Purdue Football Player Who Has Brought National Recognition to the University Through Outstanding Ability on the Gridiron and in the Classroom,” Board Selects Winner The annual winner will be selected by a board composed of the president of the University, director of the division of physical education for men, and members of the Uni"versity football coaching staff. Announcement of the yearly awards will be made during Gala Week at the annual alumni banquet. The University intends to keep a permanent plaque on display on which the names of the players receiving the trophy will be inscribed. The first of the trophies is now on display in the trophy case in the lobby of the Fieldhouse. p.g.h.
Stanton Walker, technical director of the National Ready Mixed Concrete Association, discussed operating problems of the ready mixed concrete industry before the opening sessions of the two day short course at the University yesterday. The sessions, which will continue through tomorrow afternoon, were attended by about 100 contractors, producers, and users of concrete. Professor R. B. Wiley, head of the school of Civil Engineering, opened the school with a greeting to which F. E. Schouweiler of Fort Wayne responded. Professor R. B. Crepps then presented a series of demonstrations Showing the design and control of concrete mixers.
Outline Ready Mix Uses Following Walker’s talk J. Edwin Kopf and J, E. Hall of Indianapolis outlined the uses of ready mixed concrete for structures. The specifications, control, and inspection of the product for highway use was presented by S. W. Benham, research engineer, and R. F. Berns, assistant engineer of construction, LaPorte district. State Highway Commission of Indiana.
mg. Tonight’s Meeting As a continuation of the series of lectures for the fraternity education week. Dean Alice Lloyd, dean of women at the University of Michigan, will speak to all actives and pledges tonight at 7:30 o’clock in Fowler Hall.
The Pan-Hellenic council is having a dinner for Dean Lloyd in the Union before the meeting. At 9 p. m. a reception for her will be held in Wood Hall to which all sorority women and the heads of the activities on campus have been invited, a.c.
Prof. Greenly
... of the education and applied psychology department, will discuss “Extension Adult Education” at a meeting in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union at 7:30 p, m. tomorrow night. This will be an open meeting, and all who are interested will be welcome.
Professor C. B. Murphy of the University history department reviewed Hitler’s Mein Kampf in the light of present day events before a dinner last evening. This morning’s meeting will be given over to the discussion of operating problems with G. E. DeBolt of Richmond presiding. In the afternoon, technical discussions on cold weather problems presented by University staff members will bring the short course to a close, r.l.h.
President Elliott
... left yesterday for Washington to attend the National Conference of Defense Committees of Colleges and Universities. He will preside over the important final session to be held tonight. While in Washirigton he will attend a meeting of the Science Committee of the National Resources Planning Board, of which he is a member.
Majority Of Collegiate Press Favors Proposal To Feed Nazi Dominated European Populations
\ (By Associated Collegiate Press) Britain’s recent thumbs-down on American proposals to feed Europe’s hungry has checked, but not stilled, the red-hot argument raging here. _ A representative statement of the case is found in the editorial columns of the Harvard Crimson. The Crimson hold that outside relief is urgently necessary. “The most promising proposal made so far,” continues the Crimson, “is that of Herbert Hoover. His idea is to let the occupied countries buy foodstuffs here with their liquid assets now in this country, and carry it home in their own ships. Added to this would be the food contributed hy numerous charities. If at any time it appeared that the food was going to Germany, the shipments could be halted immediately. Negotiations woul^ have to be undertaken by the state department with British and German representatives. Upon the shoulders of the recalcitrant party would rest the responsibility for whatever calamities may eventuate from a foodless Europe.” ' New Slant A new and interesting slant is given by the Princetonian, which believes it would be to the advantage of this country to check famine in Europe. The Princetonian reasons that “the revolution against Nazi-
ism on the continent must be waged by a powerful underground democratic" movement organized and equipped by Britain and provisioned by America. Once the people of Europe who still cherish the ideals of freedom feel that behind them stand not only the armed might of Britain but the moral and material support of the United States, the fierce indignation which they must feel against their oppi^essors will be translated into positive action. They will refuse to be crushed to earth, and united will repme the fight against uniformed men.” Food and Revolution At the University of Wisconsin the Daily Cardinal adds its viewpoint, as follows: “Opponents of Mr. Hoover’s plan claim that by not allowing food to pass through the blockade, the danger of revolution would be increased and the cause of freedom helped that much more. However, the Ihtter make two assumptions which may or may not be correct. They assume first that the subject people CAN revolt. The Nazi machine and Herr Himmler and his secret police are something the world has never seen before. Secondly, the opponent of Mr. Hoover’s plan has to assert that he, safe in a free country which would definitely suffer from a Nazi victory, can
conscientiously require the innocent people in central Europe to die of starvation so that the form of government which he thinks best may survive.” Ends and Means
A contrasting view is_ expressed in the Washington University Student Life: “It’s the old question of ends and means. Does the end—the salvation of British Democracy and thus the defeat of totalitarian antidemocracy, of the new revolution— justify the means—^the use of starvation as a part of economic warfare, as a legitimate weapon of modern war? Can we be callous and let children suffer while keeping alive the principals we cherish ? Or should we be mericful, allowing Hitler to keep the conquered nations in line, helping him in the race with time, possibly destroying all'chance of freeing these same children from a 'lifetime of submission to th^ new master-race, and subjecting even more people (including ourselves) to the iron rule ?” It would appear from a survey and other editorial opinions that the preponderance of America’s seriousminded collegians believe there is an obligation to provide food, IP it can be established that such a show of mercy will not be turned to the military advantage of the Nazis.
“The next progressive movement in fraternities will be fraternity education weeks such as the one being instituted here,” predicted Mary Bake, national secretary of Delta Delta Delta sorority, as she spoke to the pledges of the sororities on campus at a meeting in Fowler Hall yesterday afternoon. __ Traces Sorority History Miss Bake traced the history of women’s fraternities from their founding, through their rivalry after 1900 and the building boom of chapters and chapter houses after the World War, to the quest for service which came with the depression.
■Open Letter-
To The Student Body
To Compare Results
With Similar Survey
She emphasized that the purpose of sororities is not the enjoyment of' special privileges but to prepare for wide, wise service. “Democracy is learned and practiced in sororities and a girl learns to live successfully with her fellow human beings with kindliness, tolerance, and sympathy.” The presidents of the pledge classes of the eight national sororities were introduced at the meet-
Sunday morning we stuck our neck out. Way out. Not without basis, however. We had proof then, and today we have even more. Referring of course to the slip up in freshman tickets for the Indiana game. Since Sunday we have heard Pop Doan’s side of the story too, and have made a gentleman’s agreement with him that we would make a public apology if proven wrong. We have no quarrel with Pop and have a great respect for him, but we also realize that we have a duty to the student body who often use our columns to air their troubles in a busy University. Since Sunday we have not been inactive on the freshman side either, largely through necessity. Self defense you know. Therefore in today’s paper we are publishing a letl^er from one freshman, just part of the proof we have gathered in the last few days. However, we are still gathering evidence to substantiate our stand of Sunday, and we would like the names of all freshmen or upperclassmen who applied for tickets ON THE APPOINTED DAY and were unable to obtain them. If the letter applies to your case and you have not already turned in your name to D. K. Heiple at the Exponent offices, please do so at once.—dkh
Taken During 1939
How have students changed their minds on questions relating to the war? What has happened to the strong pacifistic voices of a year and a half ago ? Starting today represents tives of the Exponent will interview a cross section of University students on questions similar to those asked on the Exponent “peace^poll” oT tober, 1939.
From All Fronts SfOte 035561$ CIOSC
Today's Summary Of War News
In that poll Campos sentiment was overwhelmingly anti-war and isolationist. Seventy-five per cent of the student body did not wish to give “all-out” aid to Great Britain. Thirty per cent said they would not even fight, if the territory of the United States were invaded. Following is a list of the questions to be asked on the present Exponent poll:
2-Day Meefi5g With
to Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc
So5s 0' Soil Ba5quet
1. Do you believe that it will ever 1)6 possible to isolate the Western Hemisphere by establishing our own political and economic system which will be an entity by itself?
• RAF Blasts Dusseldorf In what London describes as the biggest night aerial offensive in two weeks, the R. A. F. swept down last night on numerous invasion ports across the channel, and in addition bombed Dusseldorf, where Berlin admits five dead and 24 wounded.
• Seek African Showdown The British in Africa, having taken Cirene, were pushing on today to hasten showdown fights for the Italian colonial capitals of Bengasi and Asmara. * * *
Indiana growers, fieldmen and canners last night closed their fourteenth annual conference with the presentation of medal awards to 1,287 tomato growers at the “Sons O’ Soil” banquet in the Union. The banquet was the last session of a two-day program. For “ .. outstanding contributions to the canning industry in Indiana,” 11 men, including Dr. G. D. Scarseth of the University Agricultural Experiment Station, were inducted into the order of the “Knights of the Red Tie” and given Vermillion neckpieces.
2. Would you approve of the United States entering the present war if it becomes apparent that we must do so to prevent an Axis victory?
3. Would you bear arms to defend the territory of the United States?
4. Would you bear arms to defend the Western Hemisphere?
5. Do you feel that America’s policy of “isolation” in past years is in any way responsible for the present European situation?
6. Do you favor evmy^ type of aid except man power to Britain?
“.U. S. Won” Club
7. Do you favor President Roosevelt’s Lend-Lease Bill?
• Petain Compromises “Word in official circles here today was that Marshal Petain had finally agreed on a compromise in France’s worst crisis with Germany since the collapse,” radios Paul Ghali from Vichy. The plan, he says, is for a new Nazi-aligned cabinet of four men, responsible to Petain.
Medals for quality production of cannery tomatoes were given to 1,147 producers who automatically become members of the “U. S. Won” club. The champion among the 147 from this group, who won gold medals, was Maurice Johnson of Kempton.
Fresh5ia5 Activities
l5terviewsE5d Today
• Street Fights In Norway Street fighting in Norway, in protest against the Nazi rule of Maj. Quisling, is reported by way of Stockholm. Many persons have been injured, say the unconfirmed dispatches.
An additional 140 medals were awarded to those producersi contracting on a non-quality basis who doubled the average yield. Champion grower in this group was Lester Parks, Gynneville, whose cannery crop averaged 16.27 tons per acre. These medal winners become members of the Double ^onnage club, j.h.a.
Today is the last day for freshmen to be interviewed by the Activities Bureau. AU freshmen whe have not been interviewed should report to room 366 of the Union this afternoon. Bureau officials in charge announce that the office will open at 1 o’clock.
• 5 Million Chinese Armed China has about 6,000,000 men under arms, T. V. Soong told Edgar Ansel Mowrer in Washington. Of there, he estimated that only about 6 per cent are Communists.
Appoiat Belcher Head OfStudealAidFuad
• Thailand Demands Land “Thailand’s peace delegation is going to Tokyo prepared to submit far-reaching territorial demands on French Indo-China,” radios A. T. Steele from Bangkok. The officials say, however, they will be “reasonable.” •*-
* * •
• Colonists Leave Ethiopia Italy is negotiating for the evacuation of 100,000 Italian colonists settled in Ethiopia since the conquest, according to word received in Vichy. William H. Stoneman cables that the British are now inclined to be receptive, to prevent massacres.
Robert Belcher, executive secretary, of the Purdue Religious Council, was selected yesterday as executive chairman for the World Student Service Fund campaign, by the campaign’s general committee. The drive for funds in the WSSF campaign will begin March 2. The general committee formed plans for the campaign, which wiU include an educational program for the month of February. Specific committee appointments will be announced by Belcher later. The committee will meet Tuesday, February 11, to complete the campaigni details. The general committee of the fund is composed of members of student organizations, and the fund is designed to contribute financial aid to students in war tom areas. j.h.m.
The interviews are designed to determine the student’s likes and possibilities and to guide him in choosing an extra-curricular activity. Since the information obtained from the interviews must be given to the personnel department by the end of the week, it is imperative that the remaining freshmen report today. p.g.h.
Riding Club Plans Semester Activiti&
The first meeting of the Club this semester, wiU be hdd in room 263 of the Union, tonight at 7:30 o’clock. AU members are m^sed by BiU Hepburn, Student Union vice-president in charse of Biding Club, to attend as plans wiU be die-' cussed for the annual Gymkhana. The Gymkhana ia held bn Mother’s Day every year and is one of the features of the program for thak week-end. Other rides will be N>ini|^ ned, including moozdight rides, okcursions to Turkey Bun and varb»a other events. m4J.fiaqa2^£diiA
Thutsday# Febnictty 6, 1941
fijuAdujL SicpomnL
Riveters Face Busy
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Week-End Of Sports
TUs week’s sport schedule should more than satisfy Purdue’s ardent sports fans since every winter sports team except €oach Herman Phillips* track squad Will see action titis wedc-end according to the following schedule. FRIDAY Wrestling—^At Findlay College f SATURDAY Basketball—Chicago, here. Swimming—^Ft. Wayne Y, here. Squash—^Indianapolis A. C., here. WresQing—^At Ohio State. Preceding the Chicago basketball game, fans will have the choice of a swimming meet with the Ft. Wayne YJS.C.A. and a resumption of the squash rivalry with the Indianapolis A. C. Coach Reeck’s wrestlers, upset by Illinois Normal in the opening dual meet Monday night, are practicing strenuously in the hope of making a stronger showing against their two Buckeye rivals on Friday and Saturday road trips. w.h.h.
Photographers Meet For Annual Election
The ^ih ColUlUll
Today we step down. Prom behind the editorial “We.” And say I. The reason. Me and Joe Dolan is feudin’. And I don’t want to let anybody else in on it. Let them pick their own fights. <■ « * This is private, see.
So I did shoot off my face. And maybe I’m wrong. But then again maybe I'm not. And Joe Dolan ain’t judge and jury. And he can’t call me any dirty names. Even if I am uncircnmlocutionary. * * * I know people who would fight at the sound of uncircumlocutionary. And maybe I would, too. If I could find somebody who could pronounce it.
All students interested in using the Union darkrooms are urged by
1 think we can take a gamble on producing this one—its been the fastest ship in the world for a full week now!”
I even have to accept Dolan’s word for the spelling. You know the trouble with that guy is that he can’t keep his mind made up. Why he hasn’t even got any convictions. To have the courage of. * * * Why he must change his mind with his socks. He has a mind, I’m sure. He must have. He can spell uncircumlocutionary. And yesterday he must have put on a clean pair of socks. With gold tops. Borrowed from the Fieldhouse. * »> * Of course I guess I got no real reason for crossing I r I —I II I-
The Purdue Exponent
Entered «8 second class matter at the post oOiee Itt Lafayette, Indiana, under the act l>f Congress of Ibrch 8, 1879. and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108. act of October 8,1917. authorfaied jrannary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the rwular academic year and we^ly during the suiuiiCV Swion Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per fMr, Hail sub-
scription $3.50
Editoir-in-Chief Business Manager. Pobilcation Staff
.JL 1
Meric EageHCTcr
News Editor •£• IS* Managing Editor . . ..... . .A K« Assomate Editors: M. A. Ochiltree, S. A. PvToMI, h.W. Buifner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. 8. Powers, d. O. Laaders, Promotion Manager. C. F. Danglemajer; Aoemnte Manager, B. J. Shamord, Circulation MsCiager, B. M. Becktenwald.
Co-ed Staff
Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Both Bose, Donna Siess.
Sports Staff j Editor i ' J P Dolan Associate Editors; J. F. Adamson, P C. Johnson, B. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Bepresented for national advertising by Kational Advertising Service, Ine., College Publishers Bepresentatlves, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Ochiltree Day Editor: Bose Issue Editor: Armstrong Night Sports Editori Adamson Staff: S. Wolf, P- Hoffman, J. Lepman, B. Fuller, M. J. Fox. B Hadley, B, I'homas, J. Petty, H. McDonald, A. Chatfleld, T. Novey, D. Coup, E. Young, W, Hummell
words with Old Joe. It’s just my misfortune. Not to be his room mate.—D. K. Hoiple
“the“ CamerS~Club to attend^^the-^ meeting tonight in room 402 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. There will be an important discussion concerning a new enlarger which will be purchased this semester. A president, vice-president, and secretary will be elected to serve for the rest of the year and the first half of the next year. There will also be a discussion of second semester plans. The members of the club's committees are especially asked to attend this meeting, j.l.
Debris Business Staff Ether Edits Mbm. Jo JPul £dijbJi.
Calls Out Fresh Today
By Gordon GriflSn
Dear Sir,
Diamondmen Report
For Practice Monday
Freshmen eds and co-eds interested in working on the Debris business staff are asked to report at a call-out today at four o’clock in the Debris business office in the Union. The business staff offers many lines of work including advertising, promotion work, accounting, personal work, sales, and office work. No previous experience is necessary for freshmen who would like to do this work, according to Bob Breeden, business manager, j.h.a.
Every once in a while news of programs gives way to the latest information concerning developments in radio broadcasting . .. not technical developments, but progress in radio promotion.
Purdue’s baseball squad will soon be in action again. Last night Head Coach Dutch Fehring issued the call for all battery candidates of the varsity baseball squad, setting the opening date as Monday afternoon, February 10. The battery drill will
be directed by assistant coaches “Pop” Doan and Bert Sanders, until the end of the basketball season. Coach Fehring also announced that the remainder of the varsity squad will be called out for drill on Monday, February 18. j.a.g.
Representatives of the Crosley Corporation have left for a three months clipper-hop touring. Latin America. The trip is being made for the purpose of establishing a network of Latin American radio stations, with WLWO, Crosley’s powerful short wave station, as the key in the chain. It must be important— James D. Shouse, vice-president of the Corporation in charge of broadcasting, is one of the three men making the trip.
In Wednesday’s “An Irishman’s Illusions” there were some errors that I believe it necessary to clear up, both for the sake of the students and of the faculty. I am a freshman here, having entered in September, 1940. Since being here I, along with countless others, have tried to adhere strictly to the rules. On Tuesday, January 14, many freshmen tried to get their tickets to the I. U., Chicago, and Illinois games, but were unable to get the I. U. tickets. I know because I was one of those freshmen.
We Were There On Time It was not until after the Indiana game, and after Dan Heiple wrote his article that we
found many more of the “Plebe” class who had been unsuccessful in their attempts to get I. U. tickets ON THE DAY THAT THEY WERE ISSUED! This leads us to the conclusion there are not “bleating” freshmen as you would put it, Mr. Dolan, but “roaring freshmen.” We are not roaring because we want to stir up a scandal; we just want to know why we didn't get tickets to the L U. game, and whether in the future we will get them or not! ^ j More Than One Irishman We paid for our tickets at the beginning of the year and we faithfully believed that we would receive them if we applied at the proper time. You know, Mr. Dolan, you aren’t the only Irishman on this earth, and as one Irishman to another, you’d better check up on the facts before you “slap down” someone who is in the right ill Roger W. Sheridan, ’44.
Speaking of Latin America, Vicepresident Henry A. Wallace recently praised the News for the Americas show as an “important contribution to inter-American friendliness.” This program is sponsored by the United States of Brazil and frankly—^we’re confused. Are we courtin’ S. A, or vice versa ? Any-
how the commentaries (and even predictions!) are very good in our estimation.
''Ifiot Henry Is ffuch a lot of trouble...In a nice woyl"
TODM-FBIDAf
LUNA
Today-Fri.-Sat.—2 HITS
LOOkSi^
'YOU BOXS BRt
featuring WILLIAM BOYD with Russell Hayden • Andy Clyde ALSO-
SWEETHEART OF A PICTURE! Music...Mirth Melodyl
Probably the biggest chanty show ever broadcast will be the Greek War Relief program to be broadcast from Grauman’s Chinese Theater next Saturday from 10:16 to 11:45 p. m. over the NBC-Red. Features of the program, on which
— NOW PLAYING
WHAT A HIT!
over a score of Hollywood celebrities appear, are: a 1941 version of “The Mikado,” Jack Benny, Bob Hope and Groucho Marx as the “Three Little Maids from School” in a revised version of the Gilbert and Sullivan operetta, the Hardy Family, the Clark Gabies and the Robert Taylors, and a host of others. It promises to be an hour-and-a-half filled with the best entertainment by the best entertainers in the country. —e-e— Henry Aldrich is going to fall over NBC-Red in love with his school teacher tomoirow night at exactly 7:30 p. m. He even takes up
ol’
typing in preference to good medieval history! But, shucks, the teacher is transferred to another town and Henry «nds up in a-class composed entirely of girls—hmmm! . . . Horace Heidt and company dole out a chance for their weekly pot ’o gold tomorrow night at 7:00 over NBC-Blue from the flicker city. Then, off they go for the eastern states. . . . Among other modest claims made by “Honest” Frank Moigan IS the statement that he has made a lot of “phrens” among the phrenologists of the world. We’ll let further explanation go until Dr. Morgan enlightens us on the Maxwell House Coffee Time hour. You’ll have to draw straws, though, because It co-airs with Horace Heidt at 7:00 p. m. on the other NBC net-
work.
A national survey shows that degradation of labor is not due to machinery.
M€N“TRY THE PIPE THAT'S REALLY GREAT-
UkGRABOW
TIMM’S oriyeiiCM’MotwaytoiNfMkItf a pi|»...ttaF$ ti moMng it... I Dr.firabowpiiNs'an pM-smohsdwWiftw MmcM (Eds«woirii) MlMMum'tfflMlMaIcRlsMabiifiUHAelilM ■v Mivniviimi^nfiiv iiniv*
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY CLARENCE E. MILFORD'S
•AND
WObERW YOUTH IN REBELLION
PEUNQUm
‘PARENTS"
WITH DORIS WESTON , ALSO
— ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS*■ ^<’ij*' •M^ «i-*/<>>-^«^i*«\\ ,
'niuraday. Februorir 6« 1941
43-41
Will Clash
':*4‘
Victory Jit last £v&nt^440Yard i^iay. Decides Thfiiiiing^^^^ Pui!^ag oil a. finish tyjpical of Riveter hardwood teams, Coach Dick Dtt^eiigutifs tankmen snatched victory from a well-bal-anced ItifinS crew last night in the Fieldhouse |>ool in the evening*'s ftiBittl event. The final tally was 43-41 and the meet Was as excitinj^ m one could ask for. It was the Rivetei^s first win over Illinois in the history of competition between the two schools. . ■ ■■- . .~ ■ ' Carney, Kratzer Star Jack Carney and Dick Kratzer of the Boilermakers stole individual honors, each garnering three first places. Carney’s performance ii^ the Victory-clinching 400 yard relay was all the most aniazing as he had just finished copping the gruelling 440
yard free style eyentf
The Riveters jumped off into the lead by taking the medley relay but the Suckers were on top at the close of the third number. They held this advantage until the winning spurt
of their hosts.
, Two new varsity records were chalked up by the victorious Boilermakers, both coming in the relays. It was their second victory of the
season. e.c.y.
Summary
800 yard medley relay—Won by Purdue (McCredy, Williamson, Kratzer) Time: 3:0,8.1. (New varsity record.) 220 yard free style—Won by Garney (P) ; Brekke (l) second; Siler (P) third. Time: 2:19.4. - 60 yard free style—Won by Blackman (I): Kiety (I) second; Herr (P) third. Time: 0:26 flat. Diving—^Won by Eienlen (I) ; Holquist (I) second; Farkas (P) third. 100 yard free style—Won by Kratzer (P) ; Herr (P) secontf; Kirellis (I) third. Time:
0:56.4.
160 yard back stroke—Won' by Kurlack (I); Anderson (P) second; Roach (I) third. Time 1:42.1. 200 yard breast stroke—Won by Williamson (P) ; Kirkland (I) second; McKinley (I) third. Time: 2:36.6. 440 yard free style—Won by .Gamey (P) ; Brekke (I) second; Hartman (I) third. Time: 6:11.4. 400 yard relay—Won by Purdue (Herr, Kratzer, Siler, Garney) Time: 8:44.6. (Ne'w varsity record.)
Two tough matches in one Weekend is the dish that Coach Claude Reeck’s grappling squad has to digest this coming Friday and Saturday when it invades the neighbor state of Ohio for contests with Findlay College and Ohio State, Findlay College, the Riveter’s Friday opponent, is usually only found on the Boileimaker baseball schedules, but this year they put in an appearance in wrestling activities.
Battle Old Foe
Lee Graves, a former Riveter wrestler, recently took over the grappling mentbr job at Findlay and since then has succeeded in moulding a well-rounded team of considerable strength. Ohio State, always a contender in Big Ten wrestling, is no stranger to the Riveters for the two. have tangled on the mat on many occasions. Last year’s match went'to the Buckeyes by a close
score.
The Boilermaker grapplers started the year off in a startling manner by taking top honors in the Central A. A. U. matches held in Chicago. From that time on, wrestling just wasn’t, for the schedule was blank up until last Saturday. It was then that the Riveters had their first setback as an up-and-coming band of Illinois Normal matmen handed them a 16 to 16 licking. Find New Talent Several consolations can be derived from Saturday’s beating, however. In the first place, the team had to do -without the services of a heavyweight; a 166 pounder substituting in the spot, and secondly a new i^scovdry was unearthed in Warren Eviston, a sophomore, who ■ fought one of the best matches of the day. Reeck hopes to have the heavyweight gap plugged by Frank RUggieri in time for the Findlay
battle.
The line-up that the Riveters present Saturday against the Buckeyes will probably be identical to the one
*
Deluxe Shampoo and Finger Wave...50c Permanent Waves -—$2.50 to $7.50
■f
CO-ID BIAUTI
SALON
t..
Phone 3718
- 21 O N. 6th St.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
e Professional
e School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic PR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J.^^RISK 4th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a CQllege. Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965 '
Greeting Cards All Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
• Hardware
• jewelers
Edgerton Hdwe. 1 nc. Quality Mdse.—Lower" Prices If It's HardwRlre We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
R. Cf EISENBAGH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
tllisisns
Forest “Jake” Weber, mountainous Boilermaker center and trackman, received a serious ankle injury in practice yesterday afternoon that, according to last reports, may bench the senior basketeer for several games or perhaps the remainder of the season:- It was not determined late last night whether Weber had sustained a severe sprain or a fracture. used on Friday against Findlay. Co-captain Casey Fredericks, 121 pounds. Bob Siekman, 128 pounds, “Jaclr Foster; 136“poundsrco-captfHim John Papurca or Ken Rawlins, 146 pounds. Bob Britt, 165 pounds, Joe Hlinka, 165 pounds, and Warren Eviston, 175 pounds -will probably be the boys fighting for the (jold and Black. In addition to this squad of eight men, several spare men will make the trip, j.d.f.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Here We are at the Lafayette Armory watching the Purdue Golden Glove team weigh-in for the fights that Were held last night at the mentioned armory. Most of the local fighters sorta like to side-track meeting the Purdue men until after the first fight.' ; ■ , " These Purdue men are in the best of condition, and even if they don’t come up to par with an opponent, they certainly do out-distance him. Yes sir, Joe Benna is certainly following the rules of conditioning his athletes. ■ I-I— ' I was talking to Dutch Fehring yesterday. Dutch is ready to start his baseball season (which HE never ends). Dutch utilizes the huge Purdue Fieldhouse for training purposes, and when his team goes south for the annual spring training trip, it always comes—back with more wins than loses. At this writing. Coach Fehring has special confidence in his apparent pitching staff, especially a sophomore. \ ''l-I-I— This sophomore, according to Dutch, has all the confidence of a seasoned performer, and he com-
Gsnii 1‘ickots is«|lh«ttn»rt» iiiay ^dhaitgie pissport coupons today at the Fieldhonse ticicet ofice for reser'Ved seats fbr the Wisconsin game. Freshinen should tiim In their .pimspoiis tomorrow. Passports inust be stamped to show that second semester fees have been W^id and no djetached coupons will be accepted. New students without passports must present identification cards which can be obtained from W. A. Bodden’s ofSce in the Administration Building. IM Schedules BASKETBALL Thursday, Febniary 6 Court 1: H. Youngr 7:00 H 1 vs H 2 7:16 D 1 V8 D 2 8 :00 H 8 vs H 4 8:16 D 8 vs D 4 , Court 2: C. H. Reehonbach 7:00 A 1 vs A 2 , 7 :16 E 1 vs E 2 - ’ .8:00 A 8 vs A 4 8:16 E 8 vs E 4 Court 3: J. Papurca 7 :00 B I vs B 2 7:16 F 1 vs F 2 8:00 B 3 vs B 4 8 :16 F 3 vs F 4 Court 4: W: B. McAdams 7:00 C 1 vs C 2 7:16 SlvsS2 8:00 C 3 vs C 4 - 8 :16 S 8 vs S 4 mends the respect of batters. With Don Bianken and JohrT^mmert back, Purdue, “on paper,” has a real mound staff. Now if Bob Bailey hadn’t joined the professional ranks last summer, I’d predict a Purdue conference pennant. -I-I— As a matter of fact. I’m certain that Purdue won’t end in any spot other than first this spring. And the team winning the conference basketball title will suffer, two league defeats in doing so. Amen!
Boilermaker basketball fans will be provided with their double header of the season on Saturday night when two pieked yearling teams will meet in a regulation game. The tilt wRl take place prior to the Chicago battle, according to plans announced
by freshmen coach Dutch Fehring.
Good Opportunity ^
The freshmen encounter, -which will provide an opportunity to look over the Riveter’s future greats of the hardwood, will start promptly at 6 o’clock. For the purpose of the game, the squad will be divided into two groups, the “Greens” and the
“Reds.”
Two familiar hardwood names are listed on the roster of the “Green” squad. A1 Menke, a brother of Bill and Bob Menke, outstanding stars on the current Hoosier team, and Bill Wooden, a brother of the former Boilermaker star, Johnny
Wooden.
Fehring announced the squad rosters as follows: Greens—centers: A1 Menke, Jack S-wantz, Howard Hites; forwards: Williard Shelby, Jack Swantz, Bob
Chester, Tom Grove; guards: Paul Friend, Jim Pecljdn, and Bill Wooden. ' ^ ^ ■ Reds—centers: Rudy LaW^on, Bob Johnson; forwards: Caime Parrish, Jack Wright, Myrwin Anderson, William Burghart; gtmrda: Loren Brower, Bill MeGrath, Elmer Etling, and Bill Stuart. The varsity meanwhile spent yesterday afternoon in brushing up on their shooting and building a defense to stop Joe Stampf. Joe, the Maroon’s rangy center, is currently leading the Big Ten in average points per game. Coach Ward Lambert ako indicated that he will stick to the combination that scored the double victory over the week-end.
jCL
• '•
Read-
by Maurine Whipple
or
Wjy, %ajm. 9a. by William Saroyan These two recent books host of others are disposal in the S/wwMnq. AoDjfVL
ns a at your
The Corner of the Campus’^ Yet the Center of Activities
BKAVTYi
AT YOUR . tc FINGERTIPS! • You con "f^l die difference” In yoer skin after a few appileo* Hons of Botany Lanolin TripleAction Cream. The secret Is tho generous quantity of lanolin H contains. this one cream... you need no other...and you'll be omdzed and delighted wiffi the results.
BOTANY LANOLIN Triple^Aetion Cream
Botany Idholin Products 'ncludSi Bofony LcHMlIn Trfplo-Acffon Orooin cft fl ond liJl • Bdtony tonolln PbflMffa 7Q ol 11:35 Ofld gb A tofiottn bow prepoirotlon for cosmetic use • Botany Lanolin $uperfaliMl SeOp...3 coben for BOe, A toilet soap. Hch In hmoHn • Botany Pore loMlhi at Xk o tube.
STYLED BY
’S
for the
(jdmteA, JaimaL
Corsages arranged to fit the personality, will add to the charm of your^ date. Leave your order by stopping in or phoning . . .
Phone 8451
527 Main St.> ■'
' A*
p >.
fiaqufy-TbwA Freshman Co-ed AWS Petitions Due Feb. 16
Petitions for freshman representatives on the Associated Women Students executive hoard are now being received in the AWS office. All petitions must be submitted by noon, Sunday, February 16. All freshman co-eds are eligible for the position and candidates who participated in the elections of last semester may take part in the elections of this semester, but must submit petitions. Each petition should read: “We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate — for the position of freshman representative on the AWS executive board for the second semester of the year 1940’41.” The statement must be sig^^ed by 25 freshmen women, and turned in to Paula Zwierlein at 2219 Wood Hall, or the AWS box at the West Desk in the Union.
Thursd<iy> Februony 6, 1941
fiuMdwL £xfu>iuudL
Meredith Club Views Fashion Creations Miss Nova Eisnor, fashion director of the Cotton Textiles Institute, Inc., conducted a style show at a meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club in the home economics auditorium yesterday afternoon. Following a talk by Miss Eisnor on “Cotton and Fashions” approximately 60 costumes were modeled by University co-eds. Patriotic dresses, Hawaiian prints, and screen printed piques were shown as some of the newest designs for spring and summer. Miss Eisnor also presented an exhibit of cotton prints and drapery materials. m.f.
Two freshmen representatives will be elected at a mass meeting the following Wednesday, February 19. The time will be announced later, m.j.f.
DRAWING INSTRUMENTS and DRAWING SUPPLIES GENUINE K. & E. SLIDE RULES
Now is the Time to Buy These Items, and Save Money. Also Save on Tracing Paper, Cloth-Detail and Cross-Section Papers. HAYWOOD'S
5th and Ferry Streets
Lafayette, Ind.
|o matter what line of business you go into after graduation, you’ll find the telephone a powerful aid. If you’re in the selling end, the telephone will help you to save time, cover more prospects more frequently, increase sales an|l decrease selling costs. If your work has to do with purchasing, distribution, production, administration or collections, the telephone will help you to get things done faster at low cost. BeU System service is so valuable to business because it meets so many varying needs. WHY NOT GIVE THE FAMILY A RING TONIGHT? LONG DISTANCE RATES TO MOST POINTS ARE LOWEST AFTER 7 P. M. ANY NIGHT-ALL DAY SUNDAY.
Education Divisions Lambert Will Simplify AnnTweedaie
Offer Eight Courses Basketball at WAA Tea
ForTeacherTraining Division of education and applied psychology and the division of physical education for men announced today that eight courses for teachers now in service will be offered this semester. The courses offered by the division of education and applied psychology, which will be held on alternate Saturdays from 9 to 12 a. m., will include: Social Basis of Education, The Secondary School Curriculum, Psychology of Learning Applied to Teaching, Psychological Basis of Content and Methods in School Subjects, and Individual Research in School Subjects. New Physical Ed. Course The division of physical education for men will offer a course on History and Principles of Physical Education and Health on Tuesday evenings from 7 to 10 o’clock. Courses in Organization and Administration of the School Health Program and Individual Research and Study will be held on Saturdays. The first organization meeting for teachers interested in enrolling in any of the courses will be held Saturday morning at 9 o’clock in Room 201 of the Education Build'ihg.’s.b.w.
“Piggy” Lambert and his boys will explain the fouls and floor plays of basketball to girls who attend the WAA basketball tea this afternoon at 4 o’clock. The basketball demonstration, which is to help the co-eds to undetstand the game, will be held at the Fieldhouse. All co-eds are invited to attend the demonstration which has been planned by Virginia Barson and the tea which is under the direction of Kathryn Ade. At 4:30 p. m. today the gold and black all-star volley ball teams will play their championship game at the Women’s Gymnasium. Refreshments will be served after the game. a.c.
Notices
Sigma Delia Chi: Initiation probably on Sunday, February 9. Awaiting word on banquet speaker. Initiation fee ($16) payable to Stew Marquis prior to Sunday. —McKEB.
Women’s Co-op House, announces the election of the follow-^ ing officers for the coming semester: Betty Miller, president; Doris Rockwell, vice-president; Carolyn McCrary, treasurer; Margaret Young, secretary; Anna Shively, House purchaser; and Gladyis Bassinger,
work manager.
Marriage Course Seniors: Wednesday nighteirs inquire at west desk of Union for classi^boin number. Thursday nighters will meet in west faculty lounge. Bring pencils and be there at 7:16 p. m. —BANCROFT.
port second semester meet at pistol range 4:80 P. m. February 6. —BROWN. Fraternity Presidents’ Couneil: Members are urged to attend the Pan Hellenic Week reception at 9 p. m., Thursday. February 6. —DOUGUAS.
Glider Club: Important meeting Friday, February 7, at 7 p. m. in room >2S of the Union. Bring dues. ^KAMRk
YWCA: Meeting Thursday. Pdirttaty 6, at 4 p. m. in the office. Military Code Classes: Students who participate in code instruction last sanester should contact Sgrt. Allen this week to make arrangements for instruction during this, semester. Classes will start Monday evening, February 10. • , —BURKHABT.
Chi Epsilon: Important meeting Thursday, February 6, at 7:30 p. m. in roopi 806 of Union. —MYERS.
Camera Clnb: Very Important business meeting, Thursday, Feb. 6, in room 804 of the Union at 7:80 p. m. Officers for this semes^r will be elected. All members of club committees are requested to ''attend. —GBPHART.
Conditions in Mathematics: Students with C grades should consult Instructor concerned before Saturday, February 8. —SMITH, McBee’s Urganie Chem 30: Following sections in organic chemistry were not listed in the schedule of classes. Their time and meeting places are: Div. L, Saturday 9, Chem annex 129; Div. M, Saturday 9, Ohem 421; Div. N, Thursday 2, Chem 421; Div. O, Thursday 2, Chem. 421. —McBEB.
Freshman Military StndMits: A special picture on ‘‘Organization of the Truck Drawn Battery” will be shown Friday, February 7, in room 206 of the Armory at 4 p. m. Attendance is voluntary. —WILLIAMS.
AWS Independent Co-ed Honsa Presidents: There will be a short meeting on Thursday, February 6, at 7 p. m. in the AWS office for the purpose of planning the program and selecting the speakers for this semester. All house presidents or their representatives are urged to attend.
Co-ed Riflery: Class jpractice Feb. 6, 6, 10, 12, 18. Three prac-lces are required. Class matches Feb. 18 and 20. —BLAGRAVE.
Rifle Club: The first meeting of second semester has been postponed from Wednesday, February 6 to Thursday, February 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 104 of Fieldhouse. —GBAUTEN.
Poultry Club: Debris picture will be taken Thursday, February 6, at 7 iSO p. m. in the south ballroom of Union. Wear suits or afternoon frocks. Please be prompt. —SHEDRICK.
Varsity Golf: All candidates for varsity golf attend meeting at 2 p. m. Saturday, February 8, in Fieldhouse basement. —ALLSPAW. Make-up Examinations in ME Courses: Make-up examinations to - remove I and 0 grades will be given in ME 11, 62 and 63 on Saturday, February 22, at 1 p. m. in room 301 of ME Building. Those intending to ■'take'exatns n'otify me before February 18. —AULT.
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting Thursday, February 6, 7:30 p. m. in Union. —HOLCOMB. Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, February 6, at 7:80 p. m. in room 807 of’ Union. Visitors welcome. —LONG. NYA Workers: Checks for period ending January 16, 1941, are now available at cashier’s office in Executive Bldg. —HOLLBNSBE.
Freshman Pistol Team: Men told to re-
Classified Ads
FOB fALB Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and irepaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office suppli^. Miineogrtu>h and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoif. 60S Main St. Phone, 2779.
Home cooked meals for students $S.00 per week. 620 Dodge St. Phone 76134.
OUR CLEANING PROCESS
For Sale: 1936 Ford Coach. Radio and Heater. Good Paint—Reasonable. Grunewald. Ph. 2847.
FOB BENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
RESTORES
TO FABRICS
For Rent: Single room adjoining bath, automatic hot water. $10 a month. Phone 41782.
LOST Lost: Cary club pin on January 21. Finder please call R. C. White, 2437. Reward.
Dresses Keep Smart Lines and Freshness Much Longer
hmmi FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHE$
Lost: .Log Log duplex decitrig slide rule. Cali 66021. C. B. Frances. Reward.
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
Memoranduiii
Dial 5023 for that CAB to Take You to the CARY CLUB-FORMAL YELLOW CAB CO.