llUffTifaillllilllli
if ip • if
/ ,^. t i ‘ "
f ‘ , i . ' .if J« . ’’' ■’ A
MERRY-GO-ROUND Tells Of Arm/s Favorite Food
Established 1889
xfumem ™ Poland Prepare
EDITORIAL
■ :?
Asks For Cooperation
■•A
In Pep Session
J =
Vblume 56, No. 61
Purdue Universify, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, September 50, 1943
“-■I Wil'p.'-”; S^?.SXSeniors Will Parade
Rally
Pep Session Will Form In Front Of Union Tomorrow At 7:30 Led by the 72-piece All-American Band, students will march from the Union to Stuart Field tomorrow evening for the first home game pep session of the year. Participants in the parade will form in front of the Union at 7:30 and then complete with signs .torches, cheer leaders and band, will march,to Stuart
Field.
On the arrival of the procession at Stuart Field, where a bonfire provided by the hard labors of Skull and Crescent men will be bui’ning, the program will be taken over by A1 Stewart, director of University Musical organizations, who will emcee the
rally..
Notables who are scheduled to appear before the ci’owd include President Elliott, “Red” Mackay, Elmer Burnham and Cecil Isbell. Cheers will be led by Nilo Monarch!, head cheer leader and his squad, while music will be furnished throughout the entire proceedings by the AllAmerica;^ mai’ching band. Gimletsi For safety reasons, carrying of lighte^torches for the rally will be restricted to members of Gimlet. AST hours restrict the presence of army, men at the rally, however V-l^yAen are not so restricted. eommittee composed of Dick Butsch, Gimlet; Nilo Monarch!, cheer leader; Mary Lou Steimberg, Gold Pepper and Jack Swantz, Beame'r, arranged the rally.
Renewing one of the oldest football rivalries in the middle west after a lapse of twelve years, the twice-victorious Boilermakers will make their first home appearance of the season
PROBABLE LINEiIpS
In Cords Saturday
Union Sponsors'First Semi-Term Tea Dance The first of the semi-term tea dances, sponsored by the Student Union, will be held in the North Ballroom of the Union today from 4 to 6:30. Music will be provided by records, and admission will be free to anyone presenting his passport or union card. Gimlets Offer Prize For Best Pep Sign A prize for the best pep rally sign made by a fi’aternity or sorority will be offered by Gimlets, men’s athletic boosting honorary.
Band To Introduce
Song By Emrick
At Football Game Highlight of the performance by the University Band this Saturday will be the introduction of a new song written by Prof. P. S. Emrick which is entitled “Purdue Loyalty”. It will be sung between halves through the loudspeaker by Robert Hink. If the spectators like the song, it will be repeated so thdt they
may all join in singing it.
Former members of the band who are now Navy and Marine V-12’s will play with it at least during the football season and will wear the uniforms of the military organizations to which they belong. During the last war the band wore three different types of uniforms, too. Although there are only 80 men in the band this year, which is not as many as there were last year. Prof. Emrick believes that their marching and playing equals that of former
bands. ^
Professor Emrick stated that he expected to have two or three girl drum majors with a man as the chief drum major, but he could not announce their nameg as they had not yet been selected from the talent available. Formations on a football field wei'e originated by the University in 1905 and were soon copied by bands from Other colleges. The University Band was also the first to use illuminated formations at night games by using flashlights at the game with Northwestern in 1936. Notice All( members of Sigma Delta Chi please attend the meeting to be held Monday, Oct. 4. It is important as the date for the dance is to be decided upon. —ELLIS MURPHY.
PURDUE
Position
1 ILLINOIS
Buscemi
LE ...
Srednicki
Kasap
LT..
Joop
Barwegen
LG
Palmer
C
Curry
Agase
RG .
Gerometta
Genis
RT .
Forst
Bauman
RE . .
Hazelett
Vacant!
QB .
. ... .. . Greenwood
Stuart
LH
- Bray
Dimancheff ..'
RH ...
Grider
Butkovich ....
FB . ..
Krall
OFFICIALS—Referee,
Fred Gardner,
Cornell; umpire. Jack Blott,
Michigan; field judge, James Masker, Northwestern; head linesman, Roy
Knipschild, Chicago.
BROADCASTS—WBAA, Purdue; WIRE, Indianapolis; WILL, University of Illinois; WASK, Lafayette; WDAN, Danville, 111. TIME OF GAME—2:30 P. M., Central War Time.
TICKETS AVAILABLE
Plenty of both reserved seats and general admission tickets for the Purdue-Illinois game will be available at the Stadium at game time. Both service men in uniform and high school students will be admitted at special reduced rates.
RCA Cadettes' Week Of Classes Proves Enlightening, Enjoyable
By Bernice Ganer Editor’s Note: This article is a reprint from the- RCA FAMILY NEWS for August 25.
We’i'e thinking that you might be wondering about the daily doings of us Cadettes studying emngeering out hex’e at Purdue. So here we are again, this time to let our hair down and take you with us through a regular week. It’s Monday a. m., time to brush cobwebs from sleepy morning eyes, fondly pick up slide rules and saunter to class under unrelenting Indiana sun. First stop is drafting. In a large room full of big tables which have the ability to tilt up and down, Cadettes draw forth big transparent sheets from tiny lockers (even we wonder) and pi’oceed to perform thereupon multitudinous ^operations with compass, • triangles, and T-squares in an attempt to make resistors, induction coils, and condensers all fit into a complicated (but yes!) schematic diagram. From here we ambulate to that class of classes, our beloved ACDC, (not to be confused with AceyDeucy) where as one circuit is solved, ten more pop up to receive their due; where formulas are formulated en masse and Cadette brains undergo their most strenuous exercise. After that workout, a pause for lunch (even engineering aides must eat—food for thought you know.)
With slide rule tucked safely underarm we are oft to math to grapple with some more circuits (fi’om a different point of view, of c'ourse) and thereafter to a communication and electronics’ class for a i-apid survey of this field. Cadettes must here absorb a bit of cold science, the principles of ribbon mikes (electro acoustic transducers, they call ’em) and listen to weird sounds which are supposed to represent different frequencies. At last!—sthdy hour, a time to puzzle out the problems of the day, then back to the dorm for dinner and time to correlate the million things learned during the day. Tuesday is pretty much like Monday, so let’s go on through Wednesday. Ah! Machine-shop lathes, drill presses, unbecoming coveralls, (any little curl with a mind of its own is promptly put back in its place under a shop cap) and a lot'of fun at that. Who said women couldn’t be mechanics? (off the record we sometimes are forced to agree with said person, but remember, only sometimes.) A gear is milled, a soldered ash tray is finished, and new and greater things are under construction through four hours of honest toil. After our daily battle with math and AC-DC, the afternoon sees us in an immense electricity lab, which is the real thing. Everyone here has
This is the resurrected “Purdue Cannon” which will be presented at half-time during Saturday’s game with Illinois. against a high-spirited Illinois combination here Saturday afternoon at 2:30 in Ross-Ade Stadium. The twenty-eighth chapter of the Purdue-Illinois grid tale, which will provide“the initial 1943 Big Ten test for both elevens ,is expected to at- terest attaches to the game due to tract a crowd in the neighbor- fact that a number of former 1 j j! s e Arvfv mini, now Marine and Navy V-12 hood of 15,000. , . , , 4V, ’ ‘■I’ainees here, will be among the The eager Illini, who proved main problems to be solved by their mettle as they rolled up Coach Ray Eliot, three touchdowns against the Iowa From the standpoint of the specSeahawks, have had two full weeks tutors, in addition to the prospect in which to reach peak form for the ot ^ keenly fought ^ battle on the encounter with a Boilermaker squad gridiion, there will be a number of that has already conquered Great other entertaining highlights, inLakes and Marquette. Unusual in- eluding the following:
(1) —Presentation of the PurdueIllinois cannon, which will become a symbol of the schools’ grid rivalry, by Quincy A. Hall, of Milford, 111., to Athletic Directors Doug Mills of
Illinois and Guy Mackey.
(2) —Introduction of a new song,V “The Purdue Loyalty”, contributed by “Spotts” Emrick, veteran Boil-
ermaker band director.
(3) —Activities of a newly organized cheering section for Army,
Navy and Marine trainees.
(4) —The traditional senior parade with senior civilians wearing their yellow corduroy trousers, badge of class distinction, for the
first time.
(5) —Special formations between halves depicting insignia of various branches of the service by a 72 piece band composed of Marines, Sailors, anckpivilians from the University. As far as the game itself is concerned, in an effoi’t to chalk up the third straight victory Coach Elmer Burnham has indicated that' he would stand pat on the same starting forward wall unit that turned in impressive defensive performances against Great Lakes and Marquette. The backfield makeup is more of a question, although the Boilermakers will piobably have lugged Sam Vacant! at quarter, either Bill Stuart 01 Stan Dubicki at left halfback; Boiiff “Babe” Dimancheff at light halfback, and Tony Butkovich
at fullback.
Hope that two injured backfield veterans, Ed Cycenas and Leo “Rocky” Milla, might be able to rejoin the Boilermaker squad for the game has been abandoned. Cycenas, veteran Boilermaker right halfback, found that his knee, injured just before the Great Lakes opener, failed to hold up, and the team physician (See RIVETERS, page 4)
his mind on either voltages or currents, so we proceed to get into the spirit, this time constructing our own circuits (fun), reading meter’s, trying 'to make ourselves understood, sometimes displaying real flashes of quick thinking, industriously taking data, and finally retiring to calculate. Thursday, a mixture of Monday and Tuesday, except for a bit of much needed recreation through tennis and swimming and at night a thorough review for tests which will rear their ugly heads on the ’mor-
row.
Friday: more of the same, with tests for variety every other week, Cadettes wear expressions denoting, “what’s more important in life than Ohm’s law for magnetic circuits ?” Saturday is just half the same. Four hours of classes and we are on our own until Monday^ Does it sound hard and long ? It is, but we enjoy the whole thing. We learn so much in practically no time, that we cannot cease to be amazed at the program and those who planned it. We hope too, that when we get on the job, we will be fully equipped to perform our duties and, with the rest of the RCA Family, help win the war like it was never won be-
fore.
Well, so long until next time (gotta’ go make a vector diagram, and when you gotta’, y’gotta’).
Senate Regulates Rules For Shaving Senior Mustaches Inspired by the near riots of past years, the Student Senate has set up the following rules in connection with the University mustache shaving tradition: 1. The following regulations apply only to civilian students. 2. There will be no mustache shaving or its preliminaries at any time within any University building, including the Residence Halls. 3. Any such shaving that does take place will occur within the following time limits only: From 12:00 noon today until 12:00 noon Saturday, the day of first home game, but in no case earlier than 8:00 a. m. nor later than 6:00 p. m. Non-confor-mance to this time regulation by residents of private property when within the limits of such property, by civilian residents of fraternity or cooperative houses, while within such houses will be done at the risks of such persons. , 3. Any removal of mustaches or portions thereof that is made by any person or persons other than the wearer will be done with safety razors only. 4. Violators of these rules will be tried before a special committee of tbe Student Senate, this committee to take action in all cases of guilt. 5. In fthe case of cooperative houses, the president will be held responsible for any violations of these regulations. Patriotic Coeds Aid Red Cross At Union Coeds wishing to help with the Red Cross work sponsored by the Student Union should appear in the sub-basement of the Union on Monday from 9 to 4, on Tuesday from 9 to 4 or 7 to 9; and on Thursday from 9 to 4. Students reporting on Monday or Tuesday until 4 will help sew, while those who come down on Tuesday evening or on Thursday will help in folding surgical dress-
ings.
Coeds who come down to work will be assigned to a table and will be shown how to do the work by Red Cross supervisors. Dr. Louise J. Meikle is in charge of the surgical dressings division. Dr. E. Young Speaks To Phi Delta Kappas Members of Phi Delta Kappa, honorary education fraternity, from all over the northwestern part of Indiana held their first monthly meeting of the year last night in Cynthia Jones Hall in West Lafayette. Di’. E. C. Young, dean of the graduate School of Agricultural Economics, was the piinciple speaker and gave an address entitled “Post-War Planning”. Post-war planning will be the theme of the club’s activities throughout the year’. Professor J. R. Leevy, who is on the faculty of the division of education and applied psychology, was the president and presiding officer of the meeting. I IT Staff Members Visit University Staff members from the Illinois Institute of Technology were on the University campus Saturday morning to inspect the work being done here in electrical engineering. The following members were present: Dr. Jesse Hobson, director of electrical engineering for the Institute, Dr. Thomas J. Higgins and Dr. C. S. Roys formerly of the University staff, and Professors Andres, Anderson, Grant, Warren, Radclift'e, Schultz, and Van Scoyne.
Shricker To Review Trainees; Juke Box Dance After Game Starting the first home game with Illinois off with a stream of color will be the senior cord parade and the dress review of the navy and marine students. Both of the pre-game events will take place at 1:45 in the afternoon, buit it is still planned to have the seven and eight term seniors in the V-12 partici- ' — pate in the cord parade as soon
as the review is over.
The seniors will form in front of the Chemical and Metallurgical building from where they will march to the stadium. The order of march in the parade is the seniors m home economics, pharmacy, science, agriculture, for-
. . , . . estry, chemical and metallurgical,
civil electrical, aeronautical, mechanical and physical education. At the same time as the forming' of the cord parade, the navy and marine trainees will have a review for Governor Henry F. Schricker of
Pan-Hellenic To Hold Rush Registration Today Pan-Hellenic will hold pre-
ift thisuGreat Hall of the Union from 12 until 6 p. m. As this registration is not in the least binding, any girl who is qualified and interested in going through sorority rush should
make it a point to register.
All women students who have Indiana. The review has been set up
carried a total of 15 credit hours or more, and who have an index of 3.6 or above are eligible for rush. This includes all students who entered in January, Februai-y, April, or May, all transfer students, and all upper-
by Commander H. J. Bartley, commander of all navy and marine units on the campus, in order that all the trainees may get to the game before
it stai’ts at 2:30.
As the seniors parade around the
classwomen. Indexes will be based track in the stadium, they will be on the last complete semester in at- judged by a committee made up of tendance. President E. C. Elliott, the presiEvery girl who registers will be ffeuts of the Gimlet club. Reamers, given a copy of the expenses of or- Student Senate, and Gold Peppers, ganizing, a complete set of I’ush Dean Fred Goldsmith, and Dean rules, and a calendar for rush which Clare Coolidge, who will pick out will be held from November 12 to school with the best and most 30. Final registration will take original placard. President Elliott place prior to the first rush function "’ll! then at half time award a gold
in November.
Poultry
Conference
Moves Into Second Day Of Meetings
Silver anniversary meeting of the Indiana State Poultry Association moves into its second day’s program today with Noel Shaver of Crawfordsville, president, in charge
of the morning session.
The annual business meeting of the state group will be held at 9:15
derby to the winning school, and thus bring into being a custom which is hoped will last through fu-
ture cord pai’ades.
The only vehicle that will be allowed on the field will be the Boilermaker Special. This is because of the damage that might be done to the cindgr track>by other vehicles. Derbies and senior cords have always been a tradition at the University. And it IS the custom that when the referee lifts his hand signaling the first Boilermaker touchdown, the senior throw their derbies into and generally raise their
side of the stands to the heavens. The derbies finally settle to the stands when there is nothing left of a. m., following various committee
meetings and a short business meet-
Immediately following the game.
ing of the baby chick department at pj^j
9 a. m.
Creighton Presides
Hobart Creighton, Warsaw, chairman of the Indiana Feed Conservation Council, will preside over a discussion of “The Feed Situation and
box dance in the South Ballroom of the Union. Admission is fi’ee, and all University students are invited to attend. No union cards are neces-
sary by the V-12 students.
T. -ui O 1 4.- .7 4^4-1- 4-. • Beginning at 8:30 p. m., the reguPossible Solutions.” Others partici- Saturday night mixer will start pating are J H Burrell, i^^esent- ^j^h the newly created Navy band
S' Ballroom for
Allied Mills; Harry Timax of the stags, and Harry Reed playing Indiana Farm Bui^au; Dr. Paul R. Ballroom for couples. Record, from tlm A E. Staley Mfg. Emitted on
Co.;Professor C. W Carrickofthe University poultry department; and
Lyman Peck, of McMillen Mills.
. William Ullman of Kokomo, second vice-president of the group, will take charge of the afternoon session, which will begin at 1:45 p. m. with an address by Dr. Cliff D. Carpenter of the U. S. Department of Agriculture titled “The Hatcheryman—The Key to Poultry Con-
servation.”
Forum To Be Held
Following this talk, a forum on the subject “Building Flockowner—■
mixer fee of $1.10.
Senior deibies, canes, cigars, and coed beanies, contrary to a previous announceineut, can be puichased in
the village.
WAA To Hold Callout Today Callout for WAA cabin leaders
Hatchery Relationships, A Sound ,^,11 held this afternoon at 4 in Investment for the Future”, pre- the Women’s Gymnasium. Followsided over by Roy Lynnes, a poultry ing a senes of five pieparatory supply dealer of Chicago, will in- meetings, a test will be given for elude discussion of various sub-top- tl\ose wishing to become cabin lead-
ics.-Glen Sample of the University gj.s
Agricultural Extension Service will talk on the value of public relations
to the flockowner.
University Library'
At the first meeting, cabin rules and regulations will be the main topic, and the second And third meetings will be used to discuss the subjects of first aid and camp
craft.
. . . has on exhibit illustrated The fourth meeting will give charts depicting the tonnage loss of prospective leadeis instructions Axis ships during 1943 in both the concerning the use of the cabin, Atlantic-Noith Sea and the Medi- while the final meeting will be a terranean regions, showing that the barbecue. Accompanying the fourth Axis has lost approximately 2,250,- meeting will be an outdoor supper’; 000 tons of shipping, including ships camp songs and outdoor games will of war. be taught at every meeting.m
IHIIPi
Pages
Purdu^ Exponent
Thursday, September 30^ 19^
Purdue Exponent combined with Plirdlie Indepeiidcnt
Offices: Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Onioii, PhoAe 4005 Sports, Picldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
EditAr u.... BnsinCBK ManiiKtr . Ncwb Edittir . ., Mannclne Editor ... Sports Editors
.. Ellis Morph; Mary Dilti "V William H- ’Tyspi CorolSrn Wilbii . Rnymond J. Smith, Russell M. Lipes
Publication Staff
Editorial Stall
Associate Editors: Jack Ahbetl; Ruth M. Ford. Madelyn A. Grdtncs, James T. Richardson, Margaret Y. Stefles.
Business Staff
AdTcrtiaing ManaKer:.C. L. Gaunt. Assistant Advertising Manager: Hotly Maney. Circulation Manager: R. G. Saurrman.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Grotnes Ray Editor: Abbett Citv Editor: Ford Issue Editor: Donhan Reportcr,s: P. Richardson. R. Gregory. FrcllTrich, Tavonor B. Gregory. Miner. Oher. Baynes. Tjicsburg, Asperger, Black Rippetoc. Wheaton, Woorner, Hermann, Thoma.s, P. Garber, B. Garber, Garrett. ,
Entered as second cla.ss matter at the post olTiCe in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1819 and at the special rate of postage provided for in seotior 1103, act of October 3. 19I7, authorized January 20, 1922 Bublished on Tviesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for ?1.2.') for a .semester; by mail for $1.60 for a semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union.
Represented' for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College, I’ublishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave.. New York, N. Y.
wsmsm
T», U,$,f,p;gf4
ly DREW^ PEARSOM
Stettinius Won Russians' Confidence By ^end-Lease Effrcferfcy; Serious Tire Shortage Expected
WASHINGTON—-Ed Stettinius, the new Undersecretary of State, is known by Washington insiders for
three things:
(1) How wrong he was. regarding aluminuiti; (2) How right he was regarding rubber; and (3) His
close association with the Eussians.
The platinum-haired young U. S. Steel executive was the man who took the word of the Aluminum Corporation that it could supply ample aluminum and refused to okay more factory facilities at a time when Leon Henderson, Bob Nathan and other planners were warning, wringing their hands, and yelling that we
must prepare to produce more aluminum.
Learning his lesson from aluminum, Stettiniiis later got out in front and on rubber he was the man who constantly needled Jesse Jones for nearly two years; urging that we begin building synthetic rubber plants—all to no avail; Jesse would not listen. Stetinius’ experience with the Russians was what influenced his appointment ■ as Undersecretary of State. It began when Lend-Lease was a pitiful driblet trickling through to the Red army. The Russians, promised mountains, but given mole-hills, were distressed. They could not understand the red tape, the
p-
delays.
(T; 1045. Chlc.iBO Tiints, .^c.
Schedule
WBAA brbadcaSt of the Purdue-HUnois
stdthd .be^ih' at’ 2 -p. m. Saturday. The flrat hilf'hour of the broadcast will consist
of iPtervicWs and prergame information. Navy V-12 band, 'which was organized last July, wiir again broadcast over WBAA tonight at 7 o’clock. The band, composed entirely of Y-12 trainees, plays popular
music. .
Bill Warriqk’s barn dance, originating in WBAA Btudms at 8 o'elofck tomorrow, iS open to the public. , - WBAA wUl-'cfiffy a full hour of music from the Union Saturday instead of its customary half hour. Thursday. 10:30—News. 10 :40-r-Srtiil'6 Time. 11:00—Pedei-ated Clubs.
-Music. -Music.
.-Purdue News.
-News. '
-Farm Forimi; -Meet the Band.
-Nows; -Music;
-Science Review. -Markets.
-News.
-Story a Day. -The Apothecary.
121531 ;()'()- ,5:165:30- . ■6:456 7:307:45- : 7 8:'65'9 :O,09:3'0 9:5610 :0B-
-NdiOs.', ' •" -Hdihe .Malters; Glubroi the Alri -Mu'sic^,-’ ' ' ' -Music; ' -Markets. ■ ■tNdWs.' , k, , . -^Stol'y a Day. -Treasury Star Parade. -Music. -nbWb; ' . ■ -Afternb&n Melodlc.s. -Afternoon Melodics. -Musical Varieties. -Musical Varieties. -News. -Tea Time Tunes. -tfnole Sam Series. -News.- . -Little Miss MufTctt. ' -Sam Hamilton, pianist. -Vespers. -Sport's Review. -A’Miriute of .Prayer. —pinhOr Hour. -rNeWS’.' "■ : -Meihbrics of the Maotcro.. -Mdsic. —Music; , ' -Dramatized Nows. -W^AA Barn Danc6. —Todd Grant Gets the Story. -pOentide Echoes. . -NOws. ’ ’ —Musicana. —Anything But SvOihg; —News. —Off the Air.
Wanted: Fair Play . . .
Tocla3r is the day when the traditional shaving and hiding of senior cords gets into full swing. The tradition of freshmen shaving the seniors’ mustaches and hiding the seniors’ cords is one of the most popular traditions on the campus; and it likewise involves the most complications. A list of rules is publi.shed each year by the Student Senate, and each year there is always some person wdio thinks that he should be allow'ed to go against tradition and play the game according to his own rules, ignoring those traditional laws issued by the Senate. The rules put out are generally the same as those which have been in effect for years. Each year some one breaks the rules and the authorities give .some thought to abolishing the w'hole affair. Over and above this possibility, the expense of personal in.iury and property damage also; bring.s about authoritative frowns upon the individuals w’ho do not play according to rules. The traditional battles make good clean fun and provide for all concerned, many lasting memories. Every man who participate^.should plan to preserve the traditions for the men w'ho will follow him and stick by the rules for the good of the school, the tradition and his owm well being.
Once Gen. Golikov, first head of the Russian LendLease mission in Washington, went to the White House and; speaking through an interpreter, said that if Stalin had ordered a thing done and then found it didn’t get done for three weeks, the men responsible for the delay would be kicked out. Later, Gen. Gilokov, disg'usted, went back to Russia, is winning victories as commander of the Bryansk,front. What the Russians couldn’t understand was that the United States, the most industrialized nation in the world, the wealthiest, and one of' the biggest, had only a few tanks, only a few guns, very little ammunition. They.did not realize that the U. S. A., a firm believer in peace, actually maintained, until a short time before Pearl Harbor, one of the smallest armies in the world. So,, for a while the Russians, actually thought we were holding out-on them. Gradually, however, Ed Stettinius dispelled this idea. He really went to bat. The Russians have seen him hold up a Convoy while he picked up the long distance phone and persuaded factories to rush certain ■Russian goods. Stettinius would never accept “No.” Stettinius brought order and efficiency to LendLease. Simultaneously the Russians brought their best experts to the U. S- A. And their mission probably functions more efficiently even than the British. They know what they want, ask for it, and aren’t satisfied until they get it. They never discuss politics, regard their political system as different from ours, and don’t want them mixed. They stick entirely to technical discussions. So they believe In Stettiniu.?, and. his actions as Undersecretary of State should have Russian confidence. NOTE: Although Stettinius has turned out to be a courageous, hard-working, successful government administrator, his success as a U. S. Steel executive was Jargely mythical. He inherited this ,iob because of his father’s prominence, and U. S. Steel was rather glad to see him patriotically promoted upstairs to work for. his country.
“Hon. Spy recommend Sept 15th time population drop everything else to lihake
to strike at U. S.; say out income tax forms,”
Just Looking
By Jack Abbett
2 :30^—Trfedsurc Chest.
2 :n5—:Nowsl.
3:00—Symphony Hall.
3:66—News.
4 jOO—Tea Titne Tunes. 4':,46—Just Relax.
4 :66—N<iw8.
6:00—^Just Relax.
6 :15—Music. 6:80^—Vespfcrs. 5:46—Music.
6:00—A Minute of rrayer. 6:01—Dinner Hour.
6:66—News.
7 :00—Navy Y-12 Band. . 7:15—Beyorid Victory What. 7 :30—Purdue Open House. 7 :45:—Kep6rt to the People. 7 :66—Dramatized. News. 8:00—The Bookman. 8:16—Music. . ^ 8 :30—From the PrCss Box. 8:45'—Eventide Echoes.
8 :55—News.
1) :00—^Musicana. 9:30—Anything But Swing. 9:46—From the Prcs^i Box. 10:05—Off the Air.
Friday, October 1 10:30—Nows. •10 :45—Smile Time. 11:00—"World Politics," Robert Phillips. 11:50^—Purdue News. 11:56—News. 12:00—Farm Forum. 12 :30—Meet the Band.
Shtui^day, October 2 16:30—News. ; * 10:46—Morning Melodics. 11:16—safety Program. 11:30—Music. 11:65—News. . ‘ . 12 :00—Special Agricultural Program, 12:15—Meet the Band. 12 i-lO-Markets. 12 :55—News. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Music. , 1:55—Nows. • , ' ' . 2:00—Interviews from Game. j 2:1'5—Pre-gamo Done. ;V 2:30—Purdue vs. Illinoia Football Game. '4:4‘6—Just lielax. 4 :66—News. • 6:00—Di'til^ Mias MufTctt. 5:15—Music. 61:30—Go to Church Sunday. 6:46—Sports Review. . 6:00‘-^A Minute of Prayer. 6.01—Dinner Hour. , 6:56:—Nows. 7::00—Music. 7 :r5j—Hbinie Defense. 7 :30—Music. - - 7Td'S—Nefheiflands Radio News. 7 :r>6—Dramatized News. 8:00—irSO'Quiz Show. 8:30:—Music. 8 :45—Eventide Echoes, 8 :56—News. 9:0.0—Dancing Party from the Union. 9:55—News. 10 :06—Off the Air.
Both the Democratic and Republican National Committees have made fairly definite stands on their foreign platform after the war, but there has been no mention of a proposed domestic policy, and this should also rank in importance with the foreign policy. It must be a lack of sureness that keeps the two major political parties from expressing themselves on domestic affairs. The fear seems to lie in — ^ —
what will be done with over ten million service men, and the women who are filling their
fectous to the United States. --X-X— Quiet reig-iis in Asia Minor. A quiet which has been unusual to this
jobs at the present time. The since the war began. The Bri-
tish army in :this area has been reconversion of the giant in-
ready and willing for a fight with
dusti.'ial plants is also going to be a the rGermans in the Balkans for
the
sometime. But for some reason these men have been held in reserve. British forces were first held in reserve in Asia Minor because of the threat of a Russian collapse in the Black Sea area. This threat has now been done away with, but still these troops have not moved any farther than some of the Dodecenese Islands. Crete will have to be taken first if an assault is launched through the Balkans, but this would take but a short time in the United Nations’ time table. Watch the Balkans for a possible invasion thrust in the coming months.
Uniyersiiy Churth
... will sponsor an open house for all students Friday night, October 1, from seven until eleven. There will be recreation and refreshriient^ will be served. TRY AN EXPONENT , CLASSIFIED
Excuses Not Accepted!
Tomorrow night at seven thirty the first allcampus pre-game pep session will start. The students will convene in front of the Union on State street, and parade from there to Stuart Field in back of the Physics and Chem. and Met. builtling.s. The Purdue University Band will lead the parade. The student population was poorly represented at previous pep sessions, which took place before and after the Great Lakes and Marquette games. Although the team has been lauded in the press and by the coaches, it has not yet received the most desired cheers —those of the .students they represent while on the playing field. Friday’s .ses.sion will give the students their first real opportunity to actually inspire the team. The players want to know that the student body is .behind them. It is up to the students, of the University to give the boys this assurance of wholehearted backing to help the team come through with an undefeated season. Coach Elmer Burnham has already warned the squad that the Illini make a dangerous foe. “Red” Mackey, University athletic director, has told us that the spirit behind the team ver.y often .spells the difference between victory and defeat. There is no excuse for anj^one’s absence. Remember: this team which is going out to battle the Illini, is the team that represents the sluden'ts of Purdue. We think that it is the best team in the country, and we think that every stu^lent and faculty member should feel the same way. Remember, too, that the team expects every student to be there.—e.m,
Armiy's Favorite Foods Since the Truman Committee’s investigation of food waste in the Army, the Quartermaster Corps has been as frugal as a Dutch housewife. Elaborate studies have been made'of what the soldiers eat and what they leave on the plate, with the idea of cutting down the percentage of garbage. It’s hard on the pig farmers near the Army camps, but it saves.the taxpayer’s money. After watching the eating habits of 16,000 soldiers at Chanute. Field, 111., the Quartermaster Corps gave each dish a rating, according to its popularity. Roast chicken and apple pie rated 100. So did roast duck and roast ham. But creamed ham rated only 55. (QMC dietician Mary I. Barber explains; “Not many men like messed up food. Artemus Ward said, ‘When I eat hash, I like to know what I’m eating’.”) Another unpopular dish was oyster stew, 58. (Westerners are suspicious of seafood.) Baked liver rated 75 and beef hearts 78. In the vegetable field, QMC was puzzled to find canned peas more popular than frozen peas (79 to 59). Canned cream corn is the most popular vegetable (90), so it won a place on the menu for the coming Christmas dinner. And canned peas won a place on the Thanksgiving menu. No matter what you may , do to butter up spinach, it remains spinach and the soldiers gave it a rating of 41, It was just about the lowest of all.
very perplexing problem for party in power when the war ends.
—X-X—
Senator Burton K. Wheeler, Democrat of Montana? has scored again in his famous career of opposition to anything that is for the good of the United States. Mr. Wheeler has the enviable record of voting against every defense measure taken by the United States in the last fourteen years, and now he is out to kill the proposed legislation for drafting pre-war fathers. This new piece of legislation has been championed by every important military man in the United States, and many of the leading civilian leaders, but no, Wheeler has to oppose it because it might help, us win the war. It is time the voters of Montana rose up and threw Wheeler out of the Senate so that his evil will not be in-
Q ne Q Sandwiches for deSicious TenderSoin and Chop Steak Sandwiches
Buy 'Em by tKe Sack — OPEN NIGHTS —
TODAY FRfDAY - SATURDAY
hair-trigger THRILLS! SHATTERING SUSPENSE!
Japanazi sub trapped by courageous G-Girll
RICHARD
ARLEN WENDY BARRIE
with Nils Asther - Roger Pryor Marc Lawrence • Ralph Sanford Directed by FRANK McOONAlD .
- HELD OVERTOPAV - FRI. - SAt.
AMP ms M0,$ic MftKCTSf with William!’ GAXtON Virgihio ■' WEIDLEIt
TOMMY DIX NANCY WAIKER JUNE MLYEON KENNY BOWERSI GLORIA D«HAVEN JACK JORDAtl .
SidutktL SiAjifui/L
Laurence, H. Woods
.. . 4.1 gj'aduatc oi Mediaiiical Engineering', recently received his commission as second lieutenant in the U. iS. Marine Corp.s. Lt, Woods, who )jlaced sixth iit his marine officers clas.s, will attend resei’ve officer.s’ school afQuantico, Va., before going into cornl at
duty.
Drastic Tire Shortage An OPA expert makes the .private forecast that by next February the country will be crying for Rubber Czar Jeffers to come back to Washington to finish the. job of getting synthetic tires for the country. It is believed here by those who know the tire .situation that the crest of the wave which Jeffers went out on is rapidly-becoming a trough. Jeffers has estimated that seventeen million tires, both new and used, will be available in 1943. But OPA estimates that twenty-five million tires will be needed this year—not seventeen million. Thus, a shortage of eight million is indicated by the end of this year. One index of the shortage is the fact, that.there are between 350,000-and 400,000 “floating certificates” —that is, certificates which have been granted by rationing boards for tires, new or used-,' but for which. tires have not been found by the holder. OPA experts describe the situation as “terribly serious”, with emphasis on trucks. There are approximately five million trucks in the country, of which one million have been disqualified from obtaining any additional tires, new or used. The other four million may obtain .such tires if they are to be had. Those who know the inside story are much worried by the fact that the country got a bullish impression' about rubber and tires from.the resignation of Jeffers, which was generally interpreted a-s meaning that the situation was well in hand and that the emergency was over. The contrary, however, appears to be the lact. More than one insider is 'saying today that Jeffei's got out of the way just before the roof fell in. (Copyright, 1943, by United cFature Syndicate, Inc.)
COOL WASHED Alllt
TODAY THRU SATURbAT
—- ALSO — , LAST CHAPTERI
— PLUS — LATEST PATHE NEWS
t
.'r
K*iV
Ujl
Arni^f Mews
33fe!f?§«#W^/S^fe
er
to initiate Canteens U
19J9 M II iifilriiH
„A.
1.
For ^(Sfstrviq^ Seii'vi&e itfeh
miMHi
On ^uMay, CfctoUv 3, tie Avst 6f Sbtlli BRAS$
a -series of “Canteens” is to be held. The girls, of sorority houses, residence halls, and) co-6]^ hOusCs will be hostesses for you. This program has been planned in order that you service meh may Ij^conie better acquainted with the University girls
Navy Band Will Ploy For Aftor-^Gdtfid Ddficd
AlltiKe ^irls on campus are parti- increase the^ enjoyment of your rbatihV. and wa invit.a th« cprvinn Stay at the Umvetsity,
to j(oin in the fun. Since social Cantep One Or Two Times
life is
cjfB^tih'g,,^nd we invite the service " 1 to Join in the fun. Since social is much a part of college, the
“Cded Canteen” has been planned
Contrary to previous announcement® in' the Exponent the Navy Band will play in the South Ballrobhi df the Union for the aftef-game dance Saturday. For over four weeks the date has been reserved by the navy men and they have been prac-
St^dent Senate felt that it ought for one or t-wio Sunday a month, de- . . Ji • yj.
t6 dir Something big for the many pehding^ upon its success. The time dicing their better tun-^ lOr the occasion.
men and trahsfef students, has been Set from two until fbur.
"GOSH—ON THE FRifZ A(?XlNT BET 1 CAN’T GET A NEW PEI^. EVEN REPAIR PARTS ARE SCARCE!"
"WHY DON’T YOU GET HER t6 PARKER QUINK, JIMMY? IT HAS SOLV-X IN IT «TO PROTECT METAL AND RUBBER AND KEEPS PENS CLEAN!”
"ountain pens rationed!
■DEDUCE-D drasticalljr by government order, firstchoite brands of fountain pens are Ijfecoming scarce. Repair parts, too, are War casualties! So,give your pen real wartime protection with brilliant, smooth-writing Parker Quink, containing solv-x. Solv-x ends ii^ost pen troubles by removing the causes.
It flushes away the gum and sediment left by inferior inks It prevents the corrosion of metal parts and deterioration of rubber caused by highly acid inks. Parker Quink with solv-x is ideal for steel pens, tool The Parker Pen Company, Janesville, Wisconsin, ind Toronto, Canada.
for V. .1. — MAIL "Mkro-fltm Black." Nctv Parkar Quink in "Micro-film ' BUtik" photographs perfectly! Quink comes in 7 permdnent colors! Micro-film Black, Blue-Black, Royal Blue, Green, Violet, Brown, Red. 2 washable colors; ^ ‘ Black, Blue, 2H and up.. i •
MAKE YOUR DOLLARS. FIGHT—BUY WAR BONDS NOW?
PARKER
The Navy Band, which is primarily a V-12 organization, is
mads up of the following men: Jack Druckemiller, John Rhodarmel, John Simpson, Bob Piper, Fred Shefte, Jim Watson, Bill Reck, D. Gault, Lowell Ifedberfe, John Ayres, Bill PeasC, Bruce Baylor (of the Electrical Schobl), and HaT Hearn. The idea for the erchestra was conceived, evert before the beginning of the V'-l2 program by Bob Piper and George Saurwine, who ' had been toying with the possibility for some time. When the V-12 program was organized they found three former Maury Mahn players in the persons of Simpson, Watson
and Rhodarmel,
Leans Toward Jump Music The band, as organized at present, leans toward jump music and solid brass. For ^extra-curricular talent it has Bob Piper’s vocalizing when he come's out from behind his alto sax. In addition, the vocalizing of a mysterious and at present unknown young lady will be added to
the male talent.
The band will play in the South Ballroom, but at intervals the music will be piped into the North Ballroom so that it may be enjoyed by stags and couples alike. Members of the band hope that all Navy men will be on hand in the South Ballroom and run the risk of having their dates whisked away from them. As usual, admittance will be by passport or Social Recreation Card as the dance is open to all stu-
dents.
Appltcanh for Army Aviation Cadets To Take tosh Saturday
AST Wilt Change Te Winter Uniforms
Saturday At 2 P. M. Post
Army Aviation Cadet Board from IndianApoIis will Ibe at Cary Hall Southwest on Saturday at 7:30 p, m. to administer mbntat screening tests to all applicants. Men from 18 to 26, inclusive, who wish to become bombar* diets, navigators or pilots may still make preliminary applica- ■ — • tion with Lt. Richard G. Fish-
er, Adjutant, 1st Battalion, ASTP, if they do so ifnftrediately. AR men who have fifed applications and who have not previously taken the mental tesftswill take them on Saturday night. 17 Year Olds May Volunteer Young men 17 and less than 18
Exchange
Soldiers of the AST unit -will change into winter uniforms this
Saturday at 2 p. m., accoi-ding to an q^S Candidate Robinson’s
announcement received from Bat-
tahon Headquarters.
The regulation uniform will be the boy is being yanked out of
wool, o.d. cap, sbirt and trousers, classes continually to explain wby old may volunteer for enlist— Mohair khaki ties will be worn at all he doesn’t turn back the following >Tient in the Air Corps Enlfited Retimes while service shoes or low- equipment charged against him: serve for future training as avia-u
cuts are permisgable. According to one field mortar, 1 GI sight, 1 kit of cadets,
the discretion of the Officer of the spare parts for both of same and Day, field jackets, overcoats or one pair of field glasses.
Robbie keeps explaining away.
Outside of West Lafayette, at hut it seems to do no good.
The way he puts it, he was gettiftg a quick clearance from supply’ in the Aleutians, where he was stationed just before he got here. The
The coming of the board on Saturday will minimize the chance of any conflict with furloughs. Originally there was the possibility that applicants Would have to give up some of their furlough time in order to go to Indianapolis for the screen-
ing tests.
$6lv-X
m 5
1. Prefects rubber ... lengthens the life of sac or diaphragm. 2. Dissolves sediment and gum left by other inks. Cleans your pen as it writes. 3. Prevents clogging of feed. 4. Sdfeguords base metal parts ... prevents corrosion. ^ 5. Assures quick starting and even flow.
THE ONCr IFHt CqWT«>N»NG SOtV-X
raincoats will be worn.
La
convos and dances the G.I. o.d. blouse will be worn. With this blouse either cotton or wool shirts
may be worn.
No visored service caps will be supply sergeant was typing away Air Crew Information Given worn during duty hours. According -with a frayed ribbon, and he decided Soldiers interested in air crew to an order from the Fifth Service that wouldn’t do for a new officer training may obtain information. Command no enlisted man may candidate. -'■ new type applications and booklets wear this service cap at any time So he slipped in a new one. It hap- battery orderly rooms, without a grommet which is’the ^yp^ j^^pp^^^ Those men qualified for this trainmetal band that Imlds the crown ^ universal language in ing may take the tests through arstiff. Former A.A.F. men may mo Army rangements with the adjutant at lnr.o.ov WOPT. “mMimbloH Pvnwr,” o ’ 4.- , W4. r. • . Battalion Headquarters.
So time ticks on. Ft. Bennmg’s . .
supply sergeant looks mistrusting- important that any men inly upon Candidate Robinson, and terested in making preliminary ap-
Lt. Leonard Navarra, Battalion Robbie alternately wires his old out- pBcation and inquiries do so immeSupply Officer, announced that confirmation / of his yarn, dmtely so that the required tests those men who have turned in ^^^y may be taken Saturday,
khaki’s and have not received re- ^^ing about it?” and calculates the placements should call for them at ^^^^ber of years necessary to pay once. In addition, all men who are p^p. missing standard winter items such gppp^^ lieutepant’s pay,
as helmets or gloves should pick
them up immediately.
longer wear the “crumbled crown This right is reserved for the offi-
cers in the Air Corps.
New York City’s Board of Higher
even at Education looks after the College
of the City of New York, Brooklyn College, Hunter College and Queens
College.
Seaman Receives Injury Resulting
—P-E—
Lincoln’s Army Air Base AM
runs a front page box in its pre-pay tempted to gain a little extra speed aSSst^thorwh^sTle-maSy^ by sailing through the air from the . • i , i. u j* sissippi. mg girls you may have been reading ^
Iowa Wesleyan, founded in 1842
sixth lowest step to the floor. He ^bout was abruptly interrupted in his graceful flight by contact with the archway overhanging the stair, which caught him across the forehead. He made a beautiful three-
themselves useful. They didn’t get
This is your last chance to ent.er the £xpmuML S^irsL
Contest Closes Midnight, Saturday, October 2 Don’t Wait Until the Last Minute
'' j ((I I First Prize — Fitted Traveling Case Plus a Bouquet of Roses f 1.11 i 1 • ^' - All four winners to have pictures in Exponent
Fire drills are more of a headache to some people than they are to others. At least that’s the opinion of one seaman, and he cites a painful experience to prove it. Navy Barracks No. 5, formerly the Lambda Chi Alpha Fraternity House, had one of their weekly drills Tuesday night. At the first blast of the whistle, the men began charging down the stairs in an effort to clear the house in the shortest possible time. One of the first men to hit the stairs was R. G. Briggs, A.S. This seaman, according to witnesses, at-
_p.E—
Because of the shortage of farm fh®y did receive a ration allabor in Colorado, soldiers at the lowance in cash—15 tlhnts a day, no
Pueblo Army Air Base are being l^ss.
. , , , ,, permitted to work as farm hands in —P-E—
^ ^ their time off, the Air-Scoop there Ft. Lowry’s Players, with WACs reports. Basic wages run around 50 in hand now to round out the cast,
^are getting all set for their most
—P-E— pretentious production — “Winter-
Jefferson Barracks'' WACs have set.”
just finished a contest to pick their > —P-E—
counts.
pe Victim managed to make it bom-:
out of the house under his own power. The rest of the personnel, collecting its wits after witnessing
such a startling combat of matter ^ ^
against mind, managed to clear the tt -ni • 1, • • 4. ^ Harry Emire,
house in one minute and fifteen sec-
Soldiers — Sailors — Marines
OAde/L %oWl.
“Soinj^ dtomsL ^tv! From Burr, Patterson & Auld Co. Office hours 113 NORTHWESTERN AVE. Phone 2423 1Q:QQ-1:30 for 2:00-5:00 Special Appointments
sergeant on the is off on a romantic quest, the field’s
post. paper. Echoes, reports. Riding back
—P-E— from Tampa in a bus one day, the
r ... a T. • The Hub, of that camp, also of- sarge found himself a book on an ^njuiies o eaman ^iiggs weie information that WACs empty seat. The book had a girl’s
aren’t at all new. Vide, it reports, picture in it. He liked the picture, way back in 1813, at Ft. Bellefon- He liked it very much. He found taine (on the site of present day himself thinking of nothing else. J. B.) a Women’s Auxiliary Corps Last week Echoes carried his apwas formed to help keep ’em firing, peal with the picture and a promise The girls scrubbed cannons, oiled of a reward for identification and muskets, prepared waddings, filled introduction — the surge’s whole
powder horns and otherwise made month’s pay—78 bucks.
onds, which is somewhat of a rec-
ord.
only superficial, and he attended classes yesterday with a light cut across his forehead and a deep convicition that fire drills are literally
a pain in the head.
DO YOU DBG IT ? Submitted by Jerry D. O'Brien Colgate University
REGULATION MARINE GARRISON CAPS
$3.98
Del.uluible Maiiiie hjiincks caps, khaki twill with geiniirie leathei visor
and blr.ip.
REGULATION MARINE CAP TOl>S
$2.49
/<^i NAVAL OFFICERS SHIRTS
Gieen Cap Tops foi winrei weai, to fit on above liames. garrison caps FOR ENLISTED MEN $3.98 Daik 0. D. Wool Fell with plastic emblem, lealhei sweat hand, lay on lining.
$3.49
The new giey to be woin with blue sei'vice unifoim, oi toi woik, 01 duty weal. Army - Navy - Marine REGULATION
SHIRTS $3.29
Regulation twill, sanfoii/ed,
Army Wc(b iiefts
Regulation
meiceiized, combed, vat dyed.
Fiist quality only.
ALL WOOL!
SERVICE MEN'S
ARMY
SOCKS
tiFs
25c pr.
98c
Fine gauge meiceii/ed cotton SOI ks in khaki, black and, white.
5 79c
MAIN FLDOR bEPt.
SEND ys Y<3WR SLANG AND GET $10 IF WE USE IT Ac/c/ress : Co//ege Deph, Pepsi-Co/a Co., Long Island City, N. Y.
Popsi-Cola Company, long Island Clty,N.Y, BoHted loeally by Francl^sad»C’
Page 4 Sbitetyntdeer, SpoHs Thursday, September 30,
Statistics Impressive
In Opening Victories
Prepai'atibns for the Big Ten opener with Illinois here Saturday were speeded up yesterday afternoon as the team was given a taste of the type of attack they can expect from Ray Eliot’s charges in an extended drill on defense. Although there was little actual contact work as Burnham sought to give the undefeated Boilermakers a chance to rid themselves of bumps and —— '
The Team
Feed Manufacturers
To Hold Conference
By Marc Ogden Another reason why the Boilermakers may have a championship football team this year is Tony Butkovich. Tony, one of the smallest but hardest driving men on this year’s squad, weighing 190 pounds
bi'uises accumulated in the road openers with Great Lakes and Marquette, defensive assignments were carefully rehearsed as the “B” squad presented
Classified Ads
its version of the Illinois attack. In the first two games, the Boilermakers have yielded a net of but 90 yards by rushing, 46 to Great Lakes and 44 to Marquette. The Bluejackets and Hilltoppers carried the ball from scrimmage 63 times in accumulating an avei-age of little less than 1.5 yai’ds per crack against the Boilermaker forwards. Statistics Impressive While most of the headlines have gone to the Boilermaker defense, the statistics show that the offense has been equally impressive. Rambling backs carried the ball from scrimmage against the two opening rivals 98 times for 396 yards net, an average of a little more than four yai'ds per attempt. In addition to their ground efforts, the Boilermakers have added 131 yards to their offensive total by completing 11 of 24 pass attempts. Largely due to last-ditch, desperate heaves late in the game, the Boilermakers are bested in yardage on aerials, Gi’eat Lakes and Marquette being credited with 190 yards on 15 completions of 34 attempts. Tony Butkovich, v^orkhorse fullback of the Boilermaker backfield, has been the leading ground gainer in the first two games, picking up a total of 157 yards on 35 attempts, an average of 4.48 yards per smash. Boris “Babe” Dimancheff, speedy right halfback, leads in the average column with a 5.14 yard mark accumulated by lugging the leather 72 yards in 14 attempts.
TypewTit^is: Adding macnmea, 611 makea Bold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershofl, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Alhert’s Ijoan Office, 407 Columhia.
Typewriter service. C. L. Gunkle. 6943.
Wanted^—Purdue students to work Thursday and Saturday evenings as waiters. Experience hot necessary. Good pay and short hours. Elks Club. Apply Frank Lenihan.
Lost—Benrus wrist watch, .elastic band and yellow gold watch, between village and Cary Hall, Saturday night. Pvt. Walter L. Mitchell, Cary Hall, S. W., P. 0. Box 437, Room 405.
Lost—Black wallet , containing large sum. Reward. Elizabeth Clark, Department Physical Education for Women. 1 ! !
For Sale—Men’s light weight touring bicycle. Equipped with light, fenders, front and back wheel brakes and good tires. Call Don Thomas. 45864. 218 North St. .
Lost—A brown and black striped Sheaifer fountain pen. Reward. Phone 46763.
Found—A gray Parker fountain Call. .5.5152 and ask for "Bill”.
Approximately 150 feed dealers and feed manufacturers from Indiana, will attend the fourth annual Nutrition School today and tomorrow in the Union. Three sessions will be held today and a morning and an. afternoon session will be held tomorrow. Among the topics to be discusse^d will be “Feed Price Ceilings”,.“Feed Efficiencies”, and “Vitamin Deficiencies.”
Intramural Bouts To Start Tomorrow
Gymnastic Club Holds Riveters
which, bej^ins firing October 5, should sign up in the Supply Room of the Armory any time this week. —BROWN
TONY BDTKOVICH Purdue Fullback
Eta Kappa Nu: Dinner meeting tonight 7111 be in Chestnut room at 6 p. m. . —SMITH
Faculty: University Club dues for 1943-1944-are payable to secretary now. . —BUTZ
Gamma Betas: There will be a meeting of Gamma Beta Society Saturday evening at 7:30 at Cary Hall. President-John Prognoski will be; in charge. All members must be present. —PROGNOSKI
Theta Alpha Phi; Dinner wil^l be hold Friday at 6 p. m. in Union cafeteria; —DELONG
and standing 6 feet, 10 inched, came from Illinois in July with the Marines. Tony, now 22, went to the Lewistown high school in Illinois where he was named for three consecutive years on the All-Conference teams of that district. While at high school he won letters in football, basketball and track.
When he graduated from high school he entered the University of Illinois. During his three year stay at Illinois, Tony was awarded two letters for his three years of play at the halfback position, numerals for freshmen wrestling, and was also awarded the freshmen Tomahawk and the Blue Pencil, both athletic Jionoraries at Illinois. Tony is a member of the Delta Upsilon fraternity! When asked what he though of the Marines, he said, “They are the best outfit by far”. He hopes sbiileday to become a Second Lieutenant in this branch of the service. His, two buddies are Alex Agase and John Genis, both former Illini players. Tony has six brothel's, one of whom plays football for the Univei'sity of Illinois. This same brother went to a rival high school ,and he and Tony played against each other for three years. The unique style of running that Tony exhibits was taught to him by his high school coach. When he runs he leans.over and brings his knees almost up to his chin. This makes a very hard target for his opponents, as his record of 4.48 yards gained per try shows. Tony’s mind is definitely set on the idea of being a bachelor and he also wants to play pro football. When asked about his hobbies, he said “I’m a movie fiend”.
Coach Jim Beers announced today the bouts which are scheduled to take place Frillay, October 1,. at 4 p. m. on the boxing deck in the Fieldhouse, These bouts will open up the 1943 edition of the Intramural 'Boxing Tournament. The finals will be fought the night of October 27 in the Fieldhouse proper, with a seating arrangement for 600. All students. Navy, Marine, and Army men, and also the general public, are invited to attend. Bouts Listed . The following bouts will take place: 145 pound class-D» Alexander vs. M’Millen; 166 pound class-D, Allen vs. Heile, and J. Smith vs. M. PeregriVe; 145 pound class, W. Grier vs. Green, W. Cooley vs. E. Ruff, F. Saunders vs. A. Aerne; 136 pound class, E. Chlebawski vs. T. Phelps. All others have drawn byes, but will box on October 11. Some of the most interesting boxing of the evening will be done between Chlebowski and Phelps. Both are fast and are about evenly matched, Chlebowski possesses allaround ability and Phelps has the long jab down pat. Some other interesting bouts will be between Bill Cooley and E. Ruff—both good boxers that posses good technique.
First Intra-squad Meet Tonight In Fieldhouse
Buy War Bonds
Don Haa,se, student manager of the Cymnaptic club) announced that an intra-squad meet will be held today pn the third floor of the Fieldhouse, at’4 p. m. Judges for the meet will be Professor Eastwood, and “Chief” Clevett, both of the Physical Education department. Acting as honorary judge will be Prof. G. A. HawkinS) captain of the 1929 Gymnastic clfib! All events will he judged ffSfii* the standpoint of form, difficulty of event, and method of execution. Action will take plaA on the horizontal bars, mats, Jhe side horse and the parallel y More Than Twenty Performers From among the more than twenty performers, two promise to be outstanding, These two are Bob Greene and Bill Billin. Bob, a Navy V-12 man, was formerly the captain of Indiana’s gymnastic team and can perform on all four piecq^ of apparatus. Bill, who formerly performed with the Case Institute of Cleveland, and with the Cleveland Turnvern, an eastern gymnastic organization, will not be able to attend this meet, however, due to his wife’s sudden illness. Incidently Bill is a member of the A.S.T. unit stationed on the campus. . Three or four members of the
(Continued from page 1) indicated that Ed may be out for thd; season. Milla, Marine V-12 trainepi from Missouri, handicapped by a foot injury. Was likewise given a shot at scrimmage and found that he still lacked the necessary leg
drive.
perfecting defensive setups against the high-spirited Illinois youngsters who scored three touchdowns on the Iowa Seahawks occupied the main attention of the Boilermaker coa(^hes during yesterday afternoon’s scrimmage.
WAA Plans
Hike Tomorrow
WAA outing committee has made arrang(Jments for a hike to Happy Hollow at 4:30 p. m. tomorrow. All those who wish to attend should meet in front of the Women’s Gym promptly at 4:30. ' Any coed interested may sign up for the picnic on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gym." Bring five cents for the surprise as well as your own food. The picnic will be over in time to return to the campus for the pep session.
cheer leaders squad have been working out with the club, in practice for Saturday’s game with Illinois and should present some interesting tumbling at the game. ^
Pi Kappa Phi: Meeting will be held Tuesday night at 7 in room 355 of the Union. All members, both service men and civilians and faculty advisors are urged to come. —CRAVEN
• Southivorth’s
Notices
Reamers: Actives and pledges meet at cast desk of the Union at 7 p. m. Friday, October 1. , -SWANTZ
Buy War Bonds
Seventh Term ME‘s and AE's: It is time for you to begin having employment interviews. Secure the following material from Miss Hacker in the ME Office: 1. Interview procedure sheet; 2. Company list: 3. "Request for Interview’’ cards; 4. "Confidential Faculty, Recommendation’’ form. Watch bulletin board and Exponent for interview notices. • —BOLZ
Tau Beta Pi; Meeting will be lield at 7 Thursday evening, Sept. 30, in room 263 of the Union. Interviews must be completed by then. • . —HANSEN,
University Club: Membership dues for. ’43-’44 are payable to secretary-treasurer now. Membership cards must be shown at all meetings. —BUTZ
Eta Kappa Nu: There will be a dinner meeting Thursday, September 30, at 6 p. m. See Thursday’s Exponent for place. —SMITH
Fraternity Rush Chairmen : Call at Fraternity Affairs Office this week for rush list. —MERRILL
Novice Pistol Students: Students desiring to fire in the second novice pistol, group
Wanted—Student. Part time help.^—call in person.
University Drug Store
DIVRY'S HANDY immENGLISH AND ENGLISHSPANISH DICTIONARY
By J. DOUGLAS, Ph. D. and A. LOMO, Ph. D.
The most complete, reliable and iip-lo-dalc pocket Dictionary, listing all.Spanisli and English Avorjls ill current use -- over CO,000 — including many of the latest technical, scienlilie. and military terms. Also contains Elements of Grammar, full list of Irregular Verbs, Cities with their populations. Colored Maps, etc. Indispensable to stiidcnt.s, translators, business men, etc, 536 pages, 3^2x6*^, flexible leatherette biiullng. Postpaid .^2.00; with Indexes $2.50. 0/1 sale at leadiiif' bookstores.
D.C.DIVRY, Inc., Publishers 240 W. 23rd ST., NEW YORK
SoihJimaksJLiL.!
Take The
Purdue Cannon Away From The Illini
>7
JbiefL 9t (xJhshsL 9t
imiE eocK&stmrniiE
308-10 STATE STKEEf WEST LAFAYETTE INGl
SouthwortKs •
After the Game the JDwbUV Hotel
Visit Blue Blazer' Cocktail Lounge O. M. Pipes '31
Latest in
New Fall
Sweaters
Ski Sweaters and Slipovers in New Fall Shades
•Where Men Like to Shop-
\
Definitely a hat that does something for you whenTybu] feel in that jaunty mood. Young, cockable, smart. .« Dobbs Cross Country Hat is the favorite light-weight hat of the young-hearted. If you want dashing style and loads of comfort . . , it’s the hat for yoUjil 5.00 to 12.00 LEE FINE HATS—4.00 to 7.50
'*■ I
'