n
Purdue
Z.1S5
Volume 51f No. 1Q4
Exponent mb
Tharadfxsr, February 8, 1940
Inter-Fraternity Ball Will Feature Little Jack Little Band Comes To Campus Tompnow Night To Play For Dancers In South Ballroom Organized and unorganized alike will ^wing out to the tempo of Little Jack Little and his orchestra at the annual Interfratemity ball tomorrow night from 9-12 in the south ballroom of the Unioh. Little Jack has been out on the road for several weeks, and prior to that was engaged at the Panther room, in Chicago. The dance will be formal with tux or tails required. Pins For Decorations
Replicas of the various fraternity pins will decorate the walls of the ballroom. Novel programs of black leather imprinted with the university seal have been provided and will be available at the check room in the South Hall of the Union this afternoon. The dance will not be restricted to fraternityi. men alone, but is open to anyone who wishes to attend. The number of tickets has been limited to 400, on sale for two dollars at any fraternity or the west desk of the Union.
Fraternity presidents are requested"to have the replicas of their pins in by this afternoon. They will not be accepted after 4:30 p. m. Ticket stubs may be exchanged for programs at the main checkroom in the South Hall of the Union, starting today.
National Association Honors Dr. E. McBee As Modern Pioneer Dr. E. T. McBee of the Department of Chemistry, will be honored as a “Modern Pioneer” by the National Association of Manufacturers, according to word received from Dr. Karl T. Compton, president of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and chairman of the committee in charge. The award will be given at a mid-West dinner in Chicago on February 20. Two other Purdue scientists will receive similar awards at this meeting, namely. Dr. Henry B. Hass, head of the Department of Chemistry, and Roscoe H. George, of the school of l^lectrical Engineering and the Engineering Experiment Station. On Staff Since 1929 Dr. McBee, a member of the Purdue staff since 1929, has been working with Dr. Hass on a fellowship of the Purdue Research Fmmdation. The two men have developed twelve fundamental processes in the chlorination of hydrocarbons which are very important whereever this process is used. Since Dr. Hass has become the head of the department, the burden of this work has been largely carried on by Dr. McBee. These two men also have many other important chemical contributions to their credit. The three men, together with G. S. Meikle, director of the Purdue Research Foundation, expect to attend the dinner at Chicago.
Jack Little
By An Exponenteer Breathes there a frosh With soul so dead, Who never to himself Hath said ... I want to be a Big Shot! Rule one . . . get an activity, Rule two . . . work on the Exponent. Rule three . . . come , to the Exponent call-out meeting for freshmen Saturday afternoon in the new Exponent offices in the Union at one o’clock, at which members of the staff will explain the workings of the paper. The Exponent comes out every day of the week, excepting Monday. The afternoon before the paper ap-* pears, reporters meet in the office
as soon as afternoon classes adjourn. Work begins then. By 8 or 9 o’clock freshmen are through. The sophomore year duties fall on your shoulders. Your title. Assistant Night Editor. This year you will work two nights a week, and about once every two weeks you see the paper “put to bed.” That’s about one o’clock in the morning. Six sophomores become junior editors at the end of the year. Then you’re almost a big shot. At least you’re on the road. It may take one more year to reach the top in shots, but your chances are about two to one that you’ll reach your goal. Come out, and find out all about one of the campus’ main activities.
DiscussionGroups DebrlsTo Complete
Organization Group
. . . and his orchestra will provide the music for the Interfraternity President’s Ball tomorrow night. Little, long a popular singer and orchestra player as well as an accomplished pianist, has had outstanding success with his orchestra and the Ball engagement will be his initial appearance on the campus. Eds Offer Orchids For Bid To Annual Pan-Hellenic Ball According to all reports, the eds on the campus are once more tearing their hair and being “super” nice to their co-ed friends. The reason—a co-ed bid dance is in the offing. And to make things even more embarrassing for the men, the dance is a leap year ball. The affair is the annual formal dance sponsored by the national Greekletter sororities on the campus. The dance promises to be one of the best co-ed bid dances of the year. Music will be furnished by Bob Zurke, Detroit swing pianist, and his orchestra. Decorations will carry out the leap year theme. “Nice work if ... ” Eds are now promising everything from wearing their new tails to sending the girl black orchids inscribed with her name in gold in return for an invitation. Could it be that the girls are holding out for the highest bidder? At any rate, it seems that the men on the campus really consider it an honor to be asked to the dance, so now it’s up to the co-eds to flatter their male acquaintances with an invitation to the dance.
Will Meet Tonight In Six Fraternities Six fraternity houses will be hosts tonight for the second round of the All-Campus Discussion Tournament which will begin at 7:30 p. m. Sixty-three persons representing 24 organizations will discuss both the problem and solution phases of the
subject, “Propaganda.”
Fraternities leading in the competition are Phi Kappa, Sigma Alp:^a Mu, and Alpha Chi Rho, which are tied for first place. The leading sororities are Chi Omega, Kappa Alpha Theta, and Phi Mu. There will be two more rounds after tonight’s discussion. Contestants chosen by the judges tonight will participate in a third round to be held sometime next week. The winners of the third round will take part in the finals in Fowler Hall. Co-ed Rush To Continue Through Rest Of Week Continuing the activities of second semester sorority rushing, rushees are still being entertained at dinners, luncheons and coke dates by the various houses on the campus. This semester’s rushing period will continue until midnight, Sunday, February 11, when each of the eight sororities will announce a
complete list of pledges.
Recent pledgings include: Phi Mu, Suzy ^waney, Lafayette; Chi Omega, Nancy Sacksteder, Muncie; Alpha Chi Omega, Phyllis Smith,
Franklin.
Photographs Today Photographs for the Debris to complete the section on organizations will be taken tonight. This 'Is the last chance for any organization to have its picture taken for the yearbook. The groups to be taken include co-op houses, honorary societies, engineering associations and several miscellaneous organizations. The appointment times appear in an ad on page four of this issue. The pictures will be taken at five 'minute intervaijs; so all of the organizations scheduled should arrange to be on time. Photographs will be taken in the old ballroom in the Union. The various groups will gather in the hall outside of the ballroom. Co-op Schedule Co-op organizations scheduled include the Chauncey, Circle Pines, Dover, Kagawa, Luma, Marwood, Rochdale, Salisbury, Wesley Boy’s, Westminster, Ann Tweedale, Brockway, Glenwood, Twin Pines houses, and Co-op board. Honoraries called are Tau Beta Pi, Pi Tau Sigma, Eta Kappa Nu. Tau Kappa Alpha, Alpha Phi Omega, Sigma Delta Chi, and Sigma Delta Psi. Engineering associations are AIME, ASME, AIChE. Miscellaneous organizations scheduled are WSGA, YWCA, the Playshop, WBAA, The Pharmacist, Agricultural Chemistry, Ag Education, and the Model airplane club.
To All Frosh Who Want To Be BMOC - Come Out For Exponent
Banquet Concludes 2 Day Conference For Indiana Canners And Fieldmen Approximately 650 Indiana canners last night concluded a tAvo-day conference at a banquet held in the north ballroom. Featured on the program was President E. C. Elliott who gave the principle address of the evening. Awards were presented to winners of competitions held by the organization, by Prof. Fay Gaylord, assistant chief of the University horticulture de-
partment. Medals Given
Chief prize wipners were Otis .Underwood, Tipton, who was acclaimed Indiana’s champion tomato producer, and Roy Clamme, Hartford City, who was honored as the champion tomato tonnage grower. In addition, 75 gold medals, 261 silver medals, and 459 bronze medals were presented to members for growing superior tomatoes during
1939.
Improvements Discussed Highlighting yesterday’s program was the inspection of tomato products, canned by various companies last year, by conference visitors. The morning program concerned the use of commercial fertilizer, direct seeding, rebuilding soils, and ways of improving tomato quality. In the afternoon conferees heard addresses on fundamentals of plant growth, results of leaf defoliation tests, and University developed tests on disease con-
trol.
In the main address of the afternoon Dr. R. W. Samson, University research botanist, in speaking on spraying said, “There are many good tomato growing sections in Indiana where rainfall and temperature conditions permitted abundant development of defoliation and fruit rots in at least six of the past ten years.” Honor Ten Persons Ten persons were honored at the banquet last night for “distinguished service to Indiana canning
I
Union Issues Call For New Workers All freshmen interested in working on Student Union during this semester are asked to attend a callout meeting next Wednesday, February 14, at 4:16 p. m. in the Reception Room of the Union. Dave Brubeck, Paul Cooper, Vince Hruby, and Louise Schickler, members of the Student Union Senior board will explain Union activities to the new workers.
industry.” Those named were: C. G, Woodbury, Washington, D. C.; Noble Ritchy, Franklin; Ag Dean H. J. Reed; Dr. Laurenz Greene, University horticulture head; Paul Wolf, Gwynneville; Ralph Kemp, Frankfort; Samuel Walker, Indianapolis; Thomas Johnston, University director of information; Walter Rusk, Blackford; and Glenn Smith, federal state plant breeder. Army Board Here For Exams Today Honor students of the senior reserve officers training corps, who applied for appointment to the position of second lieutenant in the regular army, will be examined from 8 a. m. to 2 p. m. today at the Student Health Service located in the Administration Building of the
university.
A board of regular army officers consisting of Colonel Luther R. Poust, medical corps; Colonel Miliard F. Waltz, Jr., infantry; both of Fort Hayes, and Lieutenant Colonel Yarrow D. Vesely, 68th Field Artillery, Fort Knox, are conducting the examinations. Those named as honor students of the Purdue R.O.T.C. unit are as follows: D. Butterfield, J. W. Cochrun, R. L. Colby, D. V. Hobbs, J. A. Hebbler, F. H. Hurst, H. B. LaForce W. E. Madden, J. E. Nitche, A. C. Perrin, R. L. Reilly, all of the
class of 1940.
Tryouts
. .\ . for University choir, glee club, and concert choir will be held at 4 p. m. tomorrow in Fowler Hall. All students scholastically eligible af© invited to try out. It is suggested that applicants bring their own music if they desire to do so.
Dr. Walters Will Address Activities Meeting Friday Campus Activities In Fowler Hall At 4 Frosh Will Get Vital Introduction To Professor J. E. Walters of the Personnel department will be one of the principal speakers at the freshmen mass meetmg, which is to be held in Fowler Hall, tomorrow at 4 p. m. This meeting is sponsored by the Activities Bureau. Prof. Walters will show the relationship between activities in college and success in later life by displaying several charts taken from the Personnel Journal. ——i 1^—1Premiere Of Activities Picture
Wesley Foundation Offers "Home And Marriage" Classes Wesley Foundation will open its second semester class in “Preparation for Home and Marriage” tomorrow evening at 7 p. m. at the Foundation. Formerly the class has been held on Thursday evening, but because of the many requests the time has been changed to Friday. The class is taught' by Mrs. William McFadden, a prominent gynecologist. Special talks will be assigned and married couples will talk on the various problems of marriage. The classes will last from 7 to 8:30 and will be held weekly until spring vacation. Classes are open to all stud'ents. A second section will meet on Thursdays from 9 to 10:30, providing more than 25 enroll. Applied Design Division Presents WPA Art Works Various art works, all of which were made by WPA artists employed on a project in Milwaukee, are now on display in the rooms of the Applied Design department in Home Economics building No. 2. The exhibit will continue throughout the entire month of February, and everyone who is interested in this type of work is invited to visit the display at any time during the day. Block prints, wall hangings, and draperies constitute the main part of the exhibit.
The motion picture shown at the meeting will explain to the freshmen the actual work of the different activities. Among the interesting features of the film are some pictures of the recent Aq^cade, picture of the Debris beauty queens, and action shots of the minor sports. This film, which was taken by the movie staff of the Activities Bureau and Professor W. A. Knapp, will be shown for the first time on the campus. Editorial and Forensic activities have the highest percentage of those above the median, with Managerial activities as a close second. Social activities have a large number of participants and a good margin of success. Following these three closely are Athletic activities and Musical and Dramatic activities. The viewpoint of the students on the important question of activities will be given by Althea Jorgeson of the Activities Bureau. Come Out Anyway, Frosh This program will mark the close of the Activities Bureau’s connection with the orientation of freshmen in activities. All freshmep are urged to attend this meeting whether they intend to participate in activities or not, since the meeting is designed to give the freshmen class a better idea of the fimctioning of the extra-curricular aspect of college life. All call-outs of the different activities will be listed on a mimeographed sheet, a copy of which will be given to everyone present. Dr. Elliott . .. visited Indianapolis yesterday to attend the inauguration of President Robinson as the new head of Butler University. Dr. Elliott spoke at the luncheon honoring the new Butler executive.
It Ain't Always Been This Way, Back lnl9W It Was Differentl
Tomorrow night when all you gay blades and your lassies step out in strictly formal attire to dance to the lilting strains of Little Jack Little, and incidentally to wear a little s-m-o-o-t-h polish off the new Ballroom floor, it will probably never enter your happy thoughts that “it hasn’t always been this way.” A Bit of History ’Way back in 1918 when the final gun had been sounded it seemed that college students were managing on a slightly smaller pocketbook and that economy of all kind was needed. So from University headquai*ters came the news that, “all unnecessary expense must be done away with at tffe men’s Pan Hellenic dance.” A ban on riding to and from the dance in taxis was even forbidden and attire was strictly J informal. That year, four pieces and a featured finger composed the Emory Saxophone Combination Orchestra which played. Allen’s ballroom was the scene of the dance in 1921. Extensive decorations were provided to give the extra oomph. These included flood lights, colored lights, and lattice work. Floor lamps and setees were also placed around the room making the dance a cabaret style. A gasp may be heard from the co-eds, but it’s true—no flowers were woi-n at this affair. Enter the Frats In 1924 each fraternity was permitted to have seven tickets and you can be sure there was plenty
of clamoring for these few. Phil Donahue’s Collegians from the University of Illinois provided the noise making. Datebooks bound in black leather with the University seal in gold on the front presented to the ed’s choice at the 1928 frolic. Not to be outdone, the eds received gold tabs with a card bearing the campus seal. The 1932 affair must have been a glittering one. The programs were shields with stars on the edge as a border. In each star was the name in Greek letters of one fraternity represented on the council. Wall lights made like shield were also decorated with the fraternity letters. Jimmy Joy and his Brunswick Recording orchestra furnished the melody strains. Frosh Atremble All except our freshmen who are, we hope, all atremble over this big shin-dig, remember last year’s dance with Charlie Agnew which attracted 350 couples. The backdrop was an unfurled scroll with a Torch of Knowledge on the left side and a skull on the right. Band fronts were of royal blue illunnnated with torches. The dancing co-ed received hammered brass covered programs with the University seal encrested on the top to add to their collections. Another year—another dance and it’s a far cry from the strictly informal affair in Allan’s ballr<n»n to the ultra in thenew Union Ballroom. Here’s yours for a very gay time.id’f'tl * ^ h'''" ^
^ ’’a ^ ' / *
THE PURDUE ESOPONENT
Thursday, February 8, 1940
i
FDR Tbird- Term Supporters WRH Residents
Outnumbered By Opposition Plan Tea Dance
Notices
(By Student Opinion Surveys of America) With political winds already blowing in this election year of 1940, Franklin D. Roosevelt finds himself with an ever increasing number of followers who would like to see him run for a third term. But this group, among the rank and file of voters as well as among college students, is still in the minority. The Student Opinion Surveys of America sent its staff of interviewers on campuses of all descriptions everywhere m the United Stages to ask a scientific cross section of collegians, “Would you like to see \Roosevelt run for a third term?” \ Following is the complete record on this subject that has been kept by the Surveys:
A THIRD TERM FOR F. D. R. December, 1938 . 27.2% 72.8% January, 1939 . . 28.2 71.8 November, 1939 . . 31.8 68.2 NOW 39.5 60.5
This series of studies reveals a remarkably close resemblance to the index kept by the Gallup poll on the same topic. Although general opinion has always outstripped student sentiment; 46 per cent of
the voters now wanting a third term; the increases have been in almost the same proportions. In January, 1939, 30 per cent of the U. S. voters approved, as compared with 28.2 of the students. ^Llthough in this case it has been shown that college students follow the same trends of thought their elders do, other comparisons with American Institute of Public Opinion polls illustrate the fact that youth does not always agree with older people. Also, event to come, here and abroad, will have much to do in changing attitudes should the President decide to try his luck again. Results of repeated interviewing of thousands of students disclose that many, although approving of Roosevelt as president, are against another four-year term. This opinion was typified in the comment of a student in Chicago’s Central Y.M.C.A. College who said, “I am opposed to a third term because he would set a precedent for men who might be less scrupulous than he is, although I am in favor of him and his policies.”
Freshmen To Begin Boxing Eliminations In Armory Tonight
Prof. Heine Designs
Pharmacy Exhibit
Eliminations of the Freshman Military Boxing Tournament will be held today at 4 p. m. in the Armory. Anyone who has not signed up for the bouts may join the 270 men already signed. The competition will eliminate all but six men in each of the seven weight classes. “Pun- • chy” Maxwell will supervise the bouts with the assistance of thirtyeight junior athletic officers, who will act as referees, judges, and handlers. The loser of each bout will be awarded one merit, while the winner will receive two merits. In the finals and semi-finals, the awards will be a gold medal and a citation to the winner of each class, a silver medal and seven merits to the runner-up, and a bronze medal and six merits to the alternate. No medical examination is needed prior to the elimination bouts, which will consist of one one-minute round.
Prof. Henry W. Heine of the School of Pharmacy reports that two sections of the permanent pharmacy exhibit of the Museum of Science and Industry in Jackson Park, Chicago, have been completed, and that two more sections remain to be built.
The two sections completed portray the historical and educational phases of pharmacy and the old apothacary. The two to be done will portray a modern prescription laboratory and drug manufacturing. The exhibit is being built for the American Pharmaceutical Association and Prof. Heine, because of his wide experience in exhibit planning and building was asked to plan and supervise the entire project.
Delta Gamma Colony
Plans Spring Initiation
Co-eds Only
By Regina Baker
Indiana University sororities are following in the well-known footsteps of their Purdue sisters. Never again will freshmen women live in sorority houses for deferred rush is to be in force now. This system ought to be as successful at I. U. as it has proved to be here. The sororities plan a heavy rush this semester to make up for the vacancies in the house next fall. —c-o—■ I wonder why someone hasn’t invented something to keep mud and water from splashing on the backs of co-ed stockings. Not only are these spots annoying, but they are unsightly too. How about a detachable windshield wiper that will fasten on to the heels of our shoes? This department welcomes any suggestion along these lines and will be ever grateful for a good invention.
Pledges of the Delta Gamma Colony will be initiated on Saturday, February 17, at the Memorial Union Building, at which all national officers will be piesent. The initiation will be held at 1 p. m. and will be followed by a banquet in the ballroom. Alumni and patronesses will be pledged on Saturday morning.
On Sunday morning, the Delta Gammas will hold a model meeting. There will be a reception and a tea on Sunday afternoon in the new faculty lounge from 3 to 6 for faculty and student heads, which will conclude the initiation activities. Miss Marguerite Winant, grand national president, will be present at the initiation ceremony for fiftyfour members.
Prof. Wiley
(
. . . head of the Civil Engineering school, will speak February 23 at Northern University, Ada, Ohio, during their Engineering Week. His subject will be “Saititation and Public Health.”
Some 400 WRH co-eds will entertain at a tea dance this Saturday afternoon. We should see loads of new prints and silk jerseys, harbingers of the spring season. Music will be furnished by recordings from the WRH collection of records and a buffet dinner will be served C“0— Everyone is still raving about the new addition to the Union. Have you girls seen the new lounge on the west side of the building. It’s lovely light colored wood furniture and smooth atmosphere has already become the favorite “joe” place for the after class cigarette. This room also makes a good meeting place for it is conveniently located near the entrance to the union.
Personnel Notes
COMPANY: The Mojonnier Bros. Co., 4601 West Ohio Street, Chicago, Illinois, milk engineers, manufacturers of machinery for the food industry.
CORRESPONDENT: Mr. Albert B. Mojonnier plans to employ several mechanical and electrical engineering graduates next June.
Why co-eds get gray: Saturday eight o’clock classes in the mechanical engineering building.
He is looking for men in the upper third of their class to enter a training course preparing them for sales engineering and service work. A few graduates may be placed in engineeiing or manufacturing. Those interested please sign up in the main office of the mechanical or electrical engineering school.
Residents of WRH and their guests will dance to music recorded by the nation’s leading dance bands at their annual Valentine Tea Dance this Saturday from 4 to 7 p. m. The recreation rooms in the three halls will be decorated in keeping with the valentine theme. Later in the afternoon a buffet supper will be served to the dancers in the hall dining rooms. Gene Taylor, Shirley Canning, Kae Weber and Marilyn Walters comprise the committee in charge of arrangements for the dance.
No MticM will bo acceptod oftw ■ ». n.
Modern Dance CInbs—Junior and Senior dance clubs meet Thursday, February 8, at 4 p. m. for an important business meeting If you have not paid your recital fee of $.60. please bring it to the meeting. —KNIGHT..
Exponent Staff: New schedules are now posted in the office. Check them at once. If for any reason you cannot work on the^ nights to which they have been assigned, see me at once. Will the following please put their schedules in my box as soon as possible: Stenzil, Bach, Silva, Novey, Pickerel, and MOSS. —FRED.
Glee Club: Turn in passports to the music office immediately. (2-9) —COCHBUN. Gimlet: Please get your passports to me before Thursday, February 8. • —FRAZBE.
TIhwa.
By Donna Seiss
Fraternity Presidents: Be able to report the number of tickets sold for the Ball at the meeting Thursday, February 8, at the Delta Tau Delta house. —STAPLETON.
Again displaying the vim, vigor, and enthusiasm for that which is new, the Triton blub, swimming honorary, is formulating plans for entering for the first time the National Intercollegiate Telegraphic Swimming meet. The meet will be held March 5 with Indiana University as hostess school for this district. Co-eds who wish to enter the event must secure the approvals of Dr. Bertha Rose and Dean Dorothy Stratton and must be carrying a regular university schedule of hours. More definite plans will be announced later.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, February 8, at 8 p m., in the office Debris picture will be taken at 8:36. Be there. —COOLEY.
Wesley Players: Tryouts for “Martyr’s Return” will be held Thursday, February 8, at 4 p m. and 7 p m. at the Wesley Foundation house. —BROOME.
Entomology Society: There is a meeting Thursday, February 8, at 7:80 in Room 103 of Agriculture Hall. Members are requested to be present.
Union Sophomores: New committees have been assigned and are effective this week. —BRUBECK.
Dance Class: Those who wish to register for the second semester PI A. dance class contact me at the P I.A office any evening from 4 to 6 p m including Friday The opening date of the class will be announced later —LUTZ.
Merely a start to a big buildup— that is what the fencing practices up to this time have been. Now, according to an announcement by Miss Marjorie Case of the Physical Education Department the real practice for the tournament begins. Be in the Memorial Gymnasium tomorrow, at 4 p. m. for the starting line-up, co-eds.
Ceres: Regular meeting will be held on Thursday night, February 8, at 7 :00 P. M in the Old Agriculturist Office, Union Building We have speaker. —BRUNK.
A.S M.E.: All members who have not received their cards and emblems may call for them Thursday, Saturday or Tuesday m Prof Copes office (ME 112) between the hours of 10 and 11
—KING. Ag Chem. Club: Meet in the Union lobby, Thursday, February 8, at 8 30 for important discussion and Debris picture. —HARPER
Student Senate: Very important meeting of the handbook committee in the Senate office Thursday, February 8, at 4 p m —WISE.
Tryouts for the iiflery team are being held tonight from 7 to 8:30 in the gymnasium. From the 100 or more girls who now have five practices fifteen will be chosen to make up the team. Those being selected for the^team will receive 100 WAA points and class numerals.
Weightlifting Club: Meeting Thursday, February 8, at 7 30 p m in the basement of the fieldhouse Important —KAPZNIA
Subscribe for The EXPONENT
For those co-eds desiring a teacher’s license in senior life-saving a course is being offered by Miss Marion Russell of the Physical Education Department. The first class will be held tonight at 7.
• On your toes, gals, get in there and get the necessary three "practices for the intramural swimming event, February 13. Some one has to run off with the honors. Practices are being held every day at 4 p. m. Last year the Pi Beta Phi’s swam away with everything—what does this year hold?
CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION You will be pleased with our method of instruction and reasonable rates NEW BALLROOM CLASS FOR BEGINNERS OPEN Wed. Feb. 28, 7:30 p. m. Indiana's Largest Dancing School ENROLL NOW—PHONE 2150
ALIEN’S 6t}i and Fearry
uamEitt
— TODAY - FRI. - SAT. —
e MOST FBARBD
APACHE THATEVBR gt RAVAGED THE ^
WESTf
RLENDREW ANDY DM RALPH MOM GENE LOCKHART
THAT BOMB MIGHT i HAVE GONE OFF...
BORIS
KARLOFF MARGARET LINDSAY
TODAY-FRIDAY MARS
EXTRA
3 STOOGES COM ED EY
Exponent Co-ed Staff: Permanent schedule for the second semester is as follows: Monday—Kaplan, Beard, Stallings, Weiss Tuesday—Seiss, Funkhouser, Buckman Wednesday—^Rose, Justin, MoClintock Friday—Miller, Campbell Thursday—Irwin, Bailey, Couter Saturday—Stiers, Baker, Barson The schedule for column assignments is posted in the Exponent office. (2-9) -SCHILLING.
Military Students: The following students appear before the Corps Area Honor Graduate Board at the times specifieiT before the names on Thursday, February 8, at the Student Health Service. Contact the Adjudant’s o -ce prior to 8 a. m. Thursday for any Changes. Schedules are as follows: 8 a. m. Hebbler, Reiley, Laforce; 9 a. m. Nitache, Hurst, Colby; 11 a m. Hobbs, V. D.; 1 p. m. (3oChrun, Perrin, Butterfield; 2 p. m. Madden. « —WISELOGEL.
WAA Basketball: Practice at 4 o’clock Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, February 7, 8, 9, in the Women’s Gym. All girls interested in intramural competition are eligible. Two practices are necessary |or WAA points. —BRITTON. WAA Class Volleyball: Practices Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, February 7, 8, 9, at 4 pm. —MERMELSTEIN.
Eta Kappa Nu: Debris picture is scheduled for 9:20 p. m Thursday, February 8. Meet in the Union lobby -KEEN.
Registi'ation Workers: Students who worked for the registrar during the second semester registration and turned in their time properly, may get their checks by calling at the registrar’s office. 2-10 STONE
Camera Club: Meeting 7 ‘30 p m. Thursday, February 8, in room 263 of the Union. Election of officers and discussion of plans for coming semester Every members requested to attend. —^HEDDBIN
Cosmopolitan Club: Business meeting at 4 30 p m Friday, February 9, in reception room of the Union Attendance imperative —SHICKEL.
Military Seniors: The following senior military students will appear before the honor graduate board at the Student health service, Thursday, February 8, at the following hours Wearing uniform with O D shirt 8 a m, La Force, Hebbler, 9 a m, Hurst, Nitsche; 10 a. m, Colby, Reiley, 11 a m , Hobbs, Peirm, 1 p. m , Butterfield, Cochrun , 2 p m , Madden —WISELOGEL
Freshmen Military: All freshmen who signed up for the military boxing tournament are reminded to report to L E Aull in the southwest corner of the armory promptly at 4 p m Thursday, February 8, for elimination bouts Any appropriate costume allowed Additional volunteers may sign up by seeing their battery athletic officer —CAPT. LARR.
Purdue Engineer: Neuman and Bard please report to the office at 4 p m , Thursday, Febiuary 8 —LANTZ
All Students: Those who have not called for their books or money at the Student Book exchange must call for them by Thursday, February 8, between 4 and 5 p m in the basement 2-10 —HRUBY
ARC
— TODAY - FRI. - SAT. —
AND —
'HAWAIIAN NIGHTS' — WITH — MARY CARLISLE
— ALSO
LUNA
— TODAY - FRI. - SAT. —
TWO FIRST RUN HITS
Richard ARLEN DEVINE
Varsity Battery men: All varsity batteiy candidates will report in the Fieldhouse, February 12, at 4 p. m —FEELRING.
WBAA Staff: Debris picture Thursday, February 8, at 8.60 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union All announcers please be there —WILLIAMS.
Student Senate Juniors: Important meeting with the sehior board Friday, February 9, at 4 p. m. in the office. All committee reports and sohomore worker recommendations must be in by Friday. —ZWIERLEIN-
Riding Club: Important meeting Thursday, February 8, in the new Student Union offices at 7:80 p. m. —HARTMAN
Debris Sales: Important business meeting today at 4 p m. in room A of the Uion. —MoLEAN
Classified
Ads
FOR SALE
FOB BALE—TnvwrtUn, All makea.
standard and portaua^ aold. piwebaaed. rant-
portebla macldnM m
ad and repair^ Naw l
lovr as |SD.7S. SoppU^ O. F. Sbeiahoff.
WS Main steaat. FOR RENT
FOR RENT—Single room. 122 Pierce entrance. 36271.
FOR RENT—One single room and one double room with twin beds. Roommate preferred. 432 N. Grant
FOR SALE—1929 Essex Coach — Two new rear tires — upholstering good. 629 North Fifth.
\ 409 LITTLETON—Beautifully furnished Rooms, shower and tile bath. Reasonably priced 61001.
FOR RENT—One single room, one double. Modern Reasonable. 422 N. ^llsbury
roommate' WANTED: Quiet ro()m, downstairs Stoker heat, close to Union. Rent reasonable, may work for part of rent Phone 2769
kappa key lost Wednesday, January y If found please call Alice Reed, 4079. Reward.
PLEASANT room, FACULTY HOME, Hills and Dale’s Single, or share double. Seniors, graduates, instructors Dial 2174. WANTED—Roommates Two room apartment, bathroom adjoining Single beds, 157 Pierce, Phone 76634
PHONES 6915—6914
60NE
vinni WIND
BOX OFFICE OPEN DAILY 9:00 A. M. to 9:00 P. M.
Night Shows—Reserved 1.10 Inch Tax SundaV Mat.—Reserved 1.10 Incl. Tax Weekday Mat.—Not Res. 75c Inch Tax
STARTS SAT., FEB. 17 LAFAYETTE
NaiiI
Starts TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS ITS GAY mm Kumoil
miii^
RKO radio Picture, wllh KENT TAYLOR • MARLA SHELTON nrCE COMPTON * PEDRO OE CORDOBA
PLUS
Murder Stalks the Waterfront— As the Master of Crime Joins Up with the Law!
MARJORIE REYNOLDS GRANT WITHERSt ti
« ■'i
Thursday, February 8, 1940,
£xfu>mnJL Spo^lA. finupL
Swimming Team To Travel Korthward To Meet Two Foes Plenty of action will take place along the water front this week-end for Coach Papenguth’s swimmers when they take to the road for two meets within twenty-four hours. Leaving Friday noon, the party of thirteen tankmen will travel by automobile to Fort Wayne for the return meet with the YMCA on Friday night. Continuing farther north Saturday morning the Boilermaker swimmers will face the Michigan State team on that afternoon. Ft. Wayne Friday Night Downed by the Riveters earlier in the season by a comfortable margin, the Fort Wayne YMCA will hold a noticeable advantage in their home pool over the Boilermaker swimmers, who are accustomed by this time to swimming in their own Olympic size pool. The Fort Wayne pool is smaller in size with lanes of 60 feet length, while the Purdue Fieldhouse pool is 75 feet long. The Michigan State meet promises to be one of a thrilling calibre. Last year the Boilermakers found the Spartans to be their cousins in a meet here at the Fieldhouse. However, the Spartans are accelerating themselves to several new pool records, and have been easily disposing of their foes. The pool at
Thrashw Will Play For Varieties Hour Doc Thrasher and his Indiana University campus orchestra will furnish the downbeat for the first variety hour ever to be held in the new ballroom of the Memorial Union Building on Saturday, from 7 to 8 p. mfl Bill Adams will act as master of ceremonies for the program. Included on the program will be Jerry Ciral, and Bill Alexander with a comedy act, and Charles Powell, baritone. Following the customary procedure, the variety hour will be open to the public. East Lansing, the home of the Spartans, is one of the longest in the middlewest. Its lanes are 90 feet long, 16 feet greater than in the Boilermaker pool. Little Pool, Then Big One Faced with the problem of swimming in a small pool in the first meet, and a mammouth pool against Michigan State, Papenguth’s men will find it difficult to adjust their swimming style for each pool. A ^erious predicament in the abbreviated rosffer of Riveter divers has Coach Papenguth working desperately to bolster the team in that event this week-end. The status of Briggs, chief diver, is uncertain at present, and Papenguth is drilling Farkus, a sophomore, for the understudy spot.
SENIORS Buy Your Personnel Data Sheets Now $3.85 Per Hundred UNION BUILDING — ROOM B PURDUE ACTIVITIES BUREAU
You’ll find them in stores, eating places, gas stations along the highways—in all kinds of public places convenient for your use. Nowhere else i^j the world is the distribution of telephones so general. And nowhere else can you get sudb fasti accurate, and friendly service at such low cost.
Indiana Guard
Riviter Track Team Tramples Butler
Herman Schaefer, Indiana guard, will attempt to stop the speedy Boilermaker aggregation in the “battle of the century” at Bloomington Saturday. I-M Schedules BASKETBALI, Today Court 1—Rechenbach. 7:00—Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi t :16—Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 8:00—Betta Theta Pi vs. Theta Tau. 8.15— Court 2—Kurtz. 7:00—^Alpha Tau Omega vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 7 16—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Delta Theta. -8:00— 8:16— Court 3—Hill. 7 :00—Acacia vs Alpha Gamma Rho 7:16—Triangle vs Delta'Chi. 8:00— 8:16— Court 4—Kersey. 7.00—Phi Kappa Tau vs I.ambda Chi Alpha 7:16—Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 8 00—Faculty vs Caiy Hall 1.
^ ALL CAMPUS SQUASH Spofford, B D vs. Stewart, C. Kalbfleisch, J vs Allen, H Eberhard, H vs LaBree, L. Reeck vs. Knall Smith vs Imhoff Blessing vs. Wagoner. Green vs. Ehle Keeler vs. Taube Munro vs Hartley. Mackey vs. Burnham. Wilkening vs Adams MacMillan vs. Ferns. Papenguth vs Miller These must be played off.
By Robert J. Deckard
After soundly trouncing DePaul University’s blazing-hot basketball brigadb by a score of 61 to 30 last week-end, Indiana’s Cream and Crimson squad, the Boilermakers’ opponent Saturday p. m. in Bloomington, is favored by many to dump the locals off the top of the Big Ten heap. —^fc— And that seems to be a logical point to a degree ... It might be interesting to note that the Boilermakers in a pre-conference season game lost to the Chicago contingent by a score of 37 to 25; then the Indiana sharpshooters turned up with a decisive win over the same bunch that licked Purdue. —fc— But one mustn’t forget that back in December Coach Piggy Lambert didn’t know whether or not he would have a bunch which was capable of butt-springing its pants, much less a team that would be leading the conference at one-third way in the schedule. —^fc— Now things are different . . . The Boilermakers with a promising bunch of sophomores have taken the burrs out of their pants, looked like a much-improved bunch of basketeers, and have been (doming along nicely every day . . . Frankly, our I. U. friends had better not count on pitching a tea party Sat. p. m.
Just In time for the gay round of formal dances, comes this showi ng ^of smart evening slippers in the newest styles. And reasonably priced.
Priced $1.99
You will find the finest in design and quality construction among our stock. See these beautiful shoes today.
Priced $2.95 Heels Are Low, Medium or High
322 Main St.
Phone 5322
Ed Holderman Leads Way To Victory In Season Opener Fof Boilermakers Showing balanced power by placing at least one man in every event, the Boilermaker track men downed Butler Tuesday evening by a 56 4/5 to 38 1/5 margin in their opening meet of the season. Phillips’ cinder men will not have much time to rest on their laurels, however, as they will travel to Madison, Wisconsin, this week-end for a triangular meet with Wisconsin
and Chicago.
In the 440 yard dash and the pole vault the Gold and Black men scored slams to add substantially to their margin of victory. Anthony, a promising sophomore, broke the tape with Shackleton and Simmons close behind. In the pole vault Lovett, Edwards, and Campbell all tied for first honors.
Southworth Wins Two Bill Southworth, ace distance man for the Bulldogs, won both the mile and half mile events to lead Undoubtedly Saturday’s nightmare, as we are sure it will be, is going to be well blessed with speed. .. . ’Tis rumored that last fall in an lU cross-country race at a mile and a half, four of the first five to finish were varsity basketball players. —fc— But this so-called speed Indiana possesses will be compensated for by the fact that the Purdue quintet is conceded to be the fastest in basketball circles in the midwest . . . Just for example, Danny Fisher, lanky center, just last spring went around busting quarter-mile records for the Purdue track team .. . Then there are a mess of others who are no slops in getting to a dinner table in a hurry. —^fc— For color, one may keep an eye on the coaches’ bench during the fray . . . Lambert at the present time holds the world’s basketball coaches mark for the broad jump from the bench to the middle of the basketball floor . . . But Piggy’s leap-frog antics will find some opposition in the pugnacious punches of Branch McCracken, lU general. . . . Recently in Philly McCracken punched his hand through the seat of a folding chair in a moment of excitement. —fc— According to a recent rating by Dick Dunkel of our leading national collegiate teams, Purdue is sitting on top with an index bf 65.7. ... though Indiana was placed sixth in the list of 10 midwestem teams it is not mentioned in the national and Dunkel concedes Purdue a good chance in the coming game ... it is interesting to note that he placed Indiana considerably over DePaul before their game.
his team. The mile was probably the most important event as it brought Bill against the most promising Boilermaker miler in many a year, Ed Holderman. 'The meeting, however, failed to settle the issue as an accident spoiled the race. A spectator stepped into Holderman’s path as Ed went into the last lap leading Southworth by about seven yards. This mishap broke Ed’s stride, and gave Southworth the lead which he held until the finish. In the half mile A1 Gaulke finished second to Southworth and Jarvis, running in his first meet for the Boilermakers took third. Holderman took the two mile run to lead the individual scoring for Purdue. Eeim Wins Dash Keim and W. Gaulke gave the team first and second place in the 60 yard run” and Tycocki added a second in the 50 yard low hur-
dles.
One of the outstanding performances of the evening was turned in by Marshall, Butler hurdler, who ran the 50 yard highs in 6.4 seconds, and also captured the 50 yard low hurdles. The summary of the meet: 440-yard run—^Anthony (P); Shackleton (P); and Simmons (P). Time: 53.4. 50-yard high hurdle—Marshall (B); Elkin (B); and Kersey (P). Time: :06.4. Mile run—Southworth (B); Holderman (P); and Jarvis (P). Time: 4:29.6. 60-yard dash—Keim (P); W. Gaulke (P); and Feichter (B). Time: :05.6. Shot put—Weber (P); Denzler (P); and Hillring (B). Distance: 44 ft., 8Vz in. Two-mile—Holderman (P); Aimer (B); and Poulos (B). Time: 9:59.1. 880-yard run—Southworth (B); A. Gaulke (P); and Jarvis (P). Time: 2:03.4. , 50-yard low hurdles—Marshall (B); Tycocki (P); and Elkin (B). Time: :06.2. Pole vault—Lovett (P), Edwards (P), and Campbell (P), all tied for first. Height: 11 ft. High jump—Marshall (B), and Thynn (B) tied for first; and Suto (P), Anderson (P), Denzler (P), Campbell (P), and Kincaid (B), all tied for third. Height: 6 ft., 6 in. Eight-lap relay—^Purdue, (Doty, Simmons, Anthony, Shackleton). Time: 3:10.8.
Corsages for Interfraternity
Fellows, your big dance of the year will get off to the right start if you send her one of Clark's exquisite corsages. Lovely, fresh blooms, artistically arranged, that will lost so much longer. Place Your Order NOW! CIoaIl
527 Main
Phone 5432:y^ ^ ^ ' X
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, February 8, 1940
f
.r5
But
Incidentally
By Vladimir People seem to have a lot of fun reading the letters and answers that appear in the “advice” columns of the daily papers and to date, the Exponent has been “advice-columnless.” Sb-o-o, we’re taking the matter into our own hands. With this issue we inaugurate the “Russian Association for the Prevention of Thwarted Affection.”
Dear Miss Cupid: ' I am a senior here at Pulrdue University and I will graduate this year. I went steady with a girl named Mary last summer and gave her my fraternity pin. We were very much in love—^and she still is. Her father, however, did not like me, and said he would give me a good job after graduation with the company he was piesident of because it would take me to California and keep me away from New York where Mary lives. Mary, however, has begged me not to go and has threatened to commit suicide if I do not marry her upon graduation. From most girls this would be an idle threat, but Mary drank a bottle of iodine last summer just because I said I wasn’t sure that I was in love. Her father, however, says bah. Because of my poor grades in school and also because of several black marks that have unfortunately been chalked up against my name, several instructors have assured me that I will not be able to get a job upon gi-aduation if I do not take the one Mary’s father offered me. I do not want to take this job at all, because I am now madly in love with a girl named Betty here at the University, and she says she’ll marry me if I move to Minneapolis after graduation. Minneapolis, Miss Cupid, IS Betty’s home town. I wouldn’t mind trying to make a go of living in Minneapolis, except for the fact that two years ago I met up with an unfortunate occurrence which caused the Minneapolis police to act in such a way that I left town without even paying my hotel bill. They aie still looking for me.
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Iifsley Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith Bosinegs Manager D. G. Terrio . Editorial Manager G. W. Frederick Managing Editor E. M. Antonini . Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling . . Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins Sports Editor Phones: Editorial 4006, Business 6088: Sports 2792
All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Sintered as second dass matter at the post ofliae la Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Coagresa of Hareh S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for la section llOS, act of October 8, 1917, authoriaed January SO, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the reinilar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail suhsmdp^n $8.60. , Represented for national advertising by National Edvertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Day Editor, Burtsfield Ass’t. Night Editor, Mueller Night Editor, DeHoog Thursday, February 8, 1940.
My father has been keeping me in school, but next year my brother starts and father says I am on my own. A Mr. Smith who loaned me $167 dollars last year says that he will make things tough for me if it IS not paid back by the end of this summer. Now, Miss Cupid, these things wouldn’t worry me very much but I just found out that the boss of the job Mary’s father offered me m California was the same guy who objected to my removing his girl’s engagement ring while I took; her around Xipas Vacation. His gal’s name was Joan and she is working in my home town until he can get enough money to send for her. I don’t believe he likes me very well. He would have never known I removed the ring if I hadn’t lost it and wasn’t able to give it back. That irritated Joan a little and ^he must have written him. Dear Miss Cupid, what shall I do? signed, PUZZLED.
Dear Puzzled: Tiy taking an aspiiin. Maybe the whole thing will go away. yours. Miss Cupid.
By Hank Miller
About this time every year, there is always a lot of material about Abraham Lincoln on the air. This year in particular there is much time being devoted to the gentleman, probably because of the success of Robert Sherwood’s Pulitzer prize play Abe Lincoln in Illinois starring Robert Massey. Tonight at 7:30 p. m. on WBBM, John Hix will relate one of the strangest stories in Lincoln’s life on the Strange as it Seems program. Many more programs are planned concerning Lincoln during the week and as they approach, we will publicize them.
Tonight at 10:30, the first of a new series of weekly broadcasts presenting world - famous artists and other personalities connected with opera will be presented. It will be called Remember the Met and will come in through NBC-Blue.
WBAA
11:0011:30-
With less than a month to go before the program is cut to half an hour. Good News will present as guests Ronald Colman, Ida Lupino, and Muriel Angelus in a radio adaptation of “The Light That Failed.” Regulars on the show will be Edward Arnold, emcee, Connie Boswell, Meredith Wilson’s orchestra and the stars of the show. Baby Snooks and Daddy. The program is on at 8 p. m. over WMAQ.
At 9 p. m., Bing Crosby will have as his guests in the Kraft Music Hall, Walt Disney who will tell about his creation, Mickey Mouse; Ralph Bellamy, and Mischa Levitsky, pianist. Crosby will sing “Confucius Say,” “Faithful Forever,” “Love is the Sweetest Thing,” and the orchestra will play “Maple Leaf Rag ”
Other programs on the air tonight include: 6:30 WBBM—Vox Pop 7:00 WMAQ—Orrin Tucker’s orchestra 9:00 WBBM—Glen Miller’s orchestra 10:00 WMAQ—Pleasure Time —e-e— Another reminder that WBAA is holding announcers auditions Monday at 5 p. m. and musical tryouts Tuesday at 5 p. m. in the Main studio on the third floor of the EE building.
3:004:00-
4:154:45-
Thursday ^ -PTA Program -County Federation of Clubs -Purdue News Flashes -Social Security -Luncheon Dance Time -Mary Johnston-soprano -Monitor Views the News -Alberta Schmadel -Flying Club -Market Reports -The Apothecary -You and Your Child -Treasure Chest -Symphony Hall -Kraft Saxophone Quartette -News of the Week -Story Book Hour
Luma House
Learn a Lesson in Sex Appeal
from Crown’s Distinctive Service
Many a heart has been won by a thrilling Personal Appearance. For, remember when the opposite sex looks at you, they never forget the attractiveness of your Clothes.
HAVE YOUR CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY
©BOWH ihmmt
mWE CLEANERS OF FINE CI.OTHE$
. . . announces the election of the following officers: president, Leo Lubberhousen; vice-president, Lawrence Swing; house-manager, Wallace Overbeck; tr-easurer, George Abshier; purchasing agent, Harold Gutterman, and secretary, Hobert Blosser.
THE BELT-OF IHE-MONTH (By Schaffer) Has Arrived
New Colors of • Black • Gold • Limepeel • Kelly • Royal • Jewel Gold • Oleander • Heavenly Pink • Coral • Sky Blue • Turquoise
THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
622-6Z6 Main St.
Wesley Players
. . , will hold tryouts today at 4 p, m. and again at 7 p. m. at the Foundation house for their play--“Martjir’s Return.” The play will have a cast of eight men and eight women.
Prof.M. T. Miller To Address Heating Contactors Friday
There are certain stories that even your B & B editor is a little dubious about writing so we must omit parts of the following article. (You can probably make a more interesting ending for yourselves anyway). —B & B— Joe Price, social chairman of Cary Hall West, has become so inspired by his marriage course that he IS buying nightgowns. For further information on the subject, quiz Mandy Guthrie . . . are you using the present Mandy, or'don’t you like Joe’s selection? —B & B— For the first time in Purdue’s social history the EDS have been made to appear as “Lord Chesterfields” ... up until yesterday we havfe always been proud (?) of the fact that Purdue eds were considered “boilermakers” in dress, but who were the “riff-raff” lolling about in our beautiful Union . . . “Little by Little” we are losing our prestige men. —B & B— . . . and we finally come to the IN-TER-FRATERNITY BALL. If you fellows have played your cards right, you should have a bid to PanHel by this time. With all the “joeing” that he has been doing, Jerry Ciral, ought to have done all right for himself . . . have you devoted your time wisely Jerry or are you still looking them ovei ? —B & B— This second semester rushing is getting to be annoying. With the Alpha Xi’s in one corner, the Alpha Chi’s in another, and the Pi Phi’s and Kappa’s in the remaining two
corners, just where can a fellow sit down and drink his coke in the Sweet Shop ? ... we didn’t mention the Delta Gams because they have gone “swank” on us and use the Grill for their rushing efforts.
-B &B-
It seemed rather natural to see Betty Cover Sweet Shopping again, but where is Freddy Mendez or has Betty given him up for new findings? . . . further wanderings in the Shop brought to light that Bill ’Hart is still circulating around as is^ “Bunny-Boy” Ritchie . . . and have you noticed that Ann Sickman is getting to be a regular “joegirl.”
—B & B-
In G.E. 117, Dr. Walters wanted to know if Louise Schickler was laying a pipe-line when she passed out some cigarettes? . . . which all brings us to wonder if Cooper will ever get any of those free smokes ? —B & B— ‘ Well children, a pleasant Good Morning and we will see you at the dance tomorrow night. Don’t let the boys scare you if they forget their razors.
Members of the Sheet Metal and Warm Air Heating Contractors Association of Indiana will hold their 21st aimual meeting here tomorrow and Saturday. Several of the faculty will help with the meeting and Prof. W. T. Miller, head of the heating and ventilating department, in the school of mechanical engineering,^ will speak on, “Domestic Cooling and Forced Air Heating.” Merle McClure, also a staff member, will speak on “Insulation and Its Application.” P. W. Case, a member of the General Engineering staff, will give a demonstration of spot welding sheet metal during the session tomorrow which is to be devoted to the discussion of gas welding of sheet metal. F. C. Jordan, director of the Industrial Training Institute, will be the banquet speaker tomorrow evening. All the sessions of the meeting will be held in the Union, except those given for demonstrations. Louis Lehnen, of Lafayette, is a director of the state Association and George McDaniels, also of Lafayette, is a district governor of the Association.
There are 160 college cooperatives doing an annual business of $2,700,000.
ORGANIZATION and CO-OP PICTURE SCHEDULE for DEBRIS
Any organizations that have been omitted call Van Beulow at the Debris
Pictures will be taken in the old Unioh Ballroom.
6:30 Chauncey House
8:35 Y. W. C. A.
6:35 Circle Pines House
8:45 Playshop
6:45 Dover House
8:50 WBAA
6:50 Eagawa House
9:00 Pharmacist
7:00 Luma House
9:10 Tau Beta Pi
7:05 Marwood House
9:15 Pi Tau Sigma
7:15 Rochdale House
9:20 Eta Kappa Nu
7:20 Salisbury House
9:30 Tau Kappa Alpha
7:30 Wesley Boy's House
9:45 Agricultural Chemistry
7:35 Westminester House
9:50 A. I. M. E.
7:45 Ann Tweedale House
10:00 Alpha Phi Omega
7:50 Brockway House
10:10 A. S. M. E.
8:00 Qlenwood House
10:15 Sigma Delta Chi
8:05 Twin Pines House
10:25 A. I. Ch. E.
8:15 Coop Board
10:30 Sigma Delta Psi
8:20 Officers Group
10:40 Ag Education
8:30 W. S. G. A.
10:45 Model Airplane Club
im (debjuA,
Complete Campus Coverage
99
the Purdue Eicponent Service Directory
• Professioiiel
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUft^ A. RISK OR. HAROLD |. RISK 4th fir Mein PhofM 5701
"DEAC". Everything for a College Education
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
e Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
♦ ‘ ' DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST . m 522 Main St. Phone 4?d1 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• Dine
tOME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5e
• Rest. Supplies
• Florists
Where To Buy It Dishes - Silverware Utensils - Glassware GILLESPIE'S 221 Vi Col St Phone6405
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050