' ,'H^u,.| ;.’„^ 1 '■' ti^a ’'V ,f^i%'^ VI' ’ ' .>i.i -;> ‘ ' I '’^'*''''jffy t'T'v . >- -/ _ ' ’ /
,-, i •*'“ ■*'
,.!/ ‘J i|f> I
(’’or if’all FashioitSf HdW To Wear Them, Turn This Page
Volume 53, No. 46
-r I fr, ' /(■'Vrf,V V' ' (, J ',4" , Y / T r J. >,S‘4 f „ f- « I ml m,fmmmmmm Rea<f S^rti For FAC* NMr'Pb*. Of 0mwfti9 Alhloiiii
i
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, October 30, Idit
Education Conference SIX LODDE FINALISTS
WILL SPEAK TONIGHT
Coeds Cof?ipefe Qgi^gi-a
Club Annual Exhibit Due Monday, Nov. 3
Will Sponsor Inspection Of Community Schools Educators Will Meet For Discussion At University Tomorrow, Saturday Progressive Education Conference to be held at the' University tomorrow evening and Saturday, will feature a visit to the Lafayette, West Lafayette and other Tippecanoe county schools by prominent educators who will be here for the conference. After the visit, the educators will discuiss their ob^servations with local teachers. -
No Pep Session For Team Today Owing to the early departure of the Boilermaker squad for New
Dr. S. S. Cromer of the department of education and applied psychology hafe announced that the following educators will participate in'the conference: Dr. James Burr of, Ohio State University, who will visit the Lafayette schools; Dr. Virgil Eogers, who will visit the
Wbst Lafayette schools; and Dr. York on Thursday afternoon, there H. B. Masters of the Kellogg Foun- will be no pep session before the dation at Battle Creek, Mich., who Riveters meei the Rams. The team
Tippecanoe ^.j, 3.3^ p ^ ever all students are expected to
county schools
Corey Is Main Speaker
Dr. Stephen Corey of the University of Chicago will be the main speaker at the annual banquet for teachers and educational leaders tomorrow evening. His subject will be “American Youth and American Schools.” Dr. E. Lowell Kelly of the department of education and applied psychology will preside. Dr. Lloyd Allen Cook of Ohio Saturday afternoon session on “EdState University will address the ucation’s Role in National Defense.” Dr. Cook is well known in academic
meet the team upon its return at
5':44 Sunday afternoon.
Freshmen To Elect Officers Thursday For Green Potters This year’s election of Green Potters will be held next
circles for his varied publications Thursday. All freshmen posand research, as well as for his sessing passports are eligible work as consultant and advisor to vote. The officers elected .with a number of teacher training charge of the Green
S, ““k“‘“will Be Featured
' The luncheon meeting of the the^ annual Pot Bunting
association Saturday noon will fea- ceremonies,
ture Dr. Grace Langdon of Wash- Last yeai’s Progiessive and Boilington, D. C., president of the Na- ermakers parties have ceased to tional Association of Nursery Edu- exist for this year’s election. They cators, and member of the Board have been replaced by the Progresof Directors of the Progressive sive Green Potters and the Rivet-
Education Association. The subject of her address will be “What is Happening to Ameiica’s Children.” The University orchestra directed by Joseph Ragains, and the Glee Club directed by A1 Stewart will furnish music for the luncheon. T. R. Johnston, director of information for the University, will pre-
side at the luncheon, d.e.g.
Military Ball Tickets On Sale At Cashier's Office; Only 76 Left Remaining tickets to Military Ball have been placefl on general sale in the cashier’s office of the Executive building. The tickets are priced at $2.76, including the new federal amusement tax, and 724 of the 800 placed on sale have already been purchased. The tickets have aheady been made available to a i m y reserve officers, advanced military students, band officers, basic military students, band members, juniors and seniors. Passports must be presented upon purchasing, and tickets must be signed by the buyer at the time of purchase. Will Bradley has been signed to play for the ball, which officially opens the campus foimal season on November 14.
ers.
Riveters Formed Last Week The Riveters, a party formed last week at a meeting of freshmen from seveial of the oiganized groups on the campus, have George Slater, president; Richard Welty, vice-president; John Wodling, secrejtary; and Bob Marshall, treas-
urer.
On the Progressive ticket are thiee Cary Hall men: Bob Stalling for piesident, Tim Tilton for vicepiesident, Judd Bear for secietary. Unjtil the time of going to press there has been no petition issued for the office of treasurei. Petitions weie to be in the Student Senate office by 6 p. m. last night but still may be obtained in the Student Senate office foi the usual one dollar fee. j.t.k. Prof. Greenfield ... of the University modern language department is the author of an eight-page aiticle entitled “Mathematics and Foieign Languages” which appeared in the October issue of the Modern Language Journal. In it he makes a plea for the retention of mathematics and foreign languages as required subjects in the cuiricula of high schools and universities, on the basis that they foster concentration and clear thinking.
Freshmen Forums Open November 10 In Faculty Lounge Discussions Introduce Activities To Freshmen A. P. Johnson, assistant director of personnel, and Miss Irene Feldt, director of the University placement service for women, will be the principal speakers at the first freshman forum November 10, it was announced yesterday. The forum will be held at 4 p. m. in the east faculty lounge of the Union. Forums Introduce Activities Sponsored every year by the Activities Bureau, the freshman forums assist in introducing activities to freshmen and help them make selections. Four forums will be held
this year.
Johnson and Miss Feldt, both connected with the job-getting departments of the University, are in position to predict what the employer of today desires in the college graduate. The two personnel directors will stress the importance of activities to the student in the University. The ability to take orders, working with others, leadership, and other factors linked with activities will be discussed and their importance noted. Activities bureau members can show that theie is an activity to satisfy every interest. Students attending the fiist forum will be given data linking interest and activities. Freshmen Urged To Attend Ffggftfti'glT aife urged to attend all of the forums. The first will stress the impoitance of activities to a student. The second, November 17, will introduce the publications on the campus, and the third, Decem-S; ber 1, concerns diamatic and forensic activities. The final freshman forum on December 16 will introduce government and service organizations. s.w.
In Fowler Hall Tonight^ the six finalists in the Lodde speech contest for freshman coeds will compete for top honors in Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30 p. m. The finalists are: Billie Nicholson, Alpha Xi Delta; Jane Schutt and Nedra Ann Pierce, Alpha Chi Omega;
Members May Submit Prints Free Of Charge All entries for the Camera Club’s
Sarah Andrews and Barbara exhibit must be turned in at Bradley, Kappa Kappa Gam- the student Union Office by 6 p. m. ^ J • T^. -r. , Monday, Nov. 3. Any University , a Jane Grimer, Pi Beta student 01 staff member may subPhl. mit any number of prints. The winner of the contest tonight While the contest is free to all will receive an individual prize, and Camera Club members, the student the organization gaining the great- non-members will be charged 26 est number of points in the contest cents and the non-members of the will receive the Lodde cup. The faculty must pay a 50 cent entry point system is as follows: first fee. Any number of prints may be place 16 points; second, 10; third, entered upon payment of the fee. 8, fourth, 6, fifth, 4; and sixth, 2. Photographs Must Qualify Wi^er Receives Prize ^here are several qualifications PeiTOanent possession of the cup that a photograph must possess, may be obtained by winning it however. Each print, which may be three tim^s. Pi Beta Phi has won in any photographic^ medium, is rethis trophy for the past two years, quired to be at least eight inches by Last year’s winner was Bernadine ten inches and not more than eleven Lamb, independent. About 100 co- inches by twenty inches in size, eds entered the preliminaries of They must be displayed against a the competition. Speeches are six white cream mount of sixteen inchminutes in length on any subject es by twenty inches which can be the contestant wishes to choose. obtained at the West desk of the Judges for the Lodde contest are Union. All entries must be the origthe following: Dean Mathews, inal work of the contestants. Hand Home Economics Department; Pro- colored prints may be exhibited, but fessor Steer, Speech; Miss Cool- will not be adjudged for a/ prize, idge. Administration, and Dr. Entry blanks, which are available Steele. 'at the West desk of the Union, are This will be the fourteenth year to be attached to the back of each
of this forensic activity, sponsqted print,
by the Lodde Jewelry Company of Contestants Sub-Divided Lafayette, which donates the tro- n 4. i. i. , • ^
Contestants are grouped into the following divisions: (1) Amateur Student Division, (2) Advanced Amateur Student Division and (3)
. University Staff Division. Merchan-
prizes will be awarded to the three victorious contestants of each
. . . social fraternity, announces division. First prize in each group the pledging of Dean Wilbur, Elk- will be $5, second prize $4, third hart; William Servaas, Indianapo- prize $3. Only one prize will be lis; and Wilmer Woodward, South given to any one individual, howEnola, Penn. ever, w.e.h.
Ifs Still A Daily! There are many reasons why this happened, some mechanical and some otherwise. But true to that long standing tradition in every city room and since it’s gotten to be a habit since 1906, this morning’s paper will be published today even if it has to be a moonlight edition. So the paper is coming out, with the help of God and the curses of the stu-
dents.
phy. Janet Kpndall, coed forensic manager, is chairman of the contest. The public is invited, a.l.w.
Cadets Will Take Air In June
Air Corps Forms University Units Eddie Mack win piay
Surveys Shows Girls Can Work, Study-lS Per Cent Of Them Do
By Pat Stenberg
Eighteen per sent of 243 women students who registered in this University for the fall semester aie employed. These girls have proven conclusively that it is possible to work and study at the same time.' Sophomores Predominate More sophomoies aie employed either with pait-time woik or NYA projects than any of the other three classes. Freshman and junior coeds nearly tid as being the next
most employed class.
These girls work in various positions. NYA employs the greatest percentage in its seivices. Its total of women employees this year amounts to 108. Housework, which includes cooking, waiting on tables and caring for children, is the second form of employment which attiacts a large number of girls; 84 Have entered this field this year,
By Art Hunter During this period of national emergency, when one of the paramount problems confionting the nation is the building of an air arm second to none, the United States Army Air Corps has called upon the University to form^Flying Cadet units of twenty men each for flight training. These units will undoubtedly take their places in the skies along with similar squadrons from other universities after June graduation. Fitness Of Men Determined Plans for the present include just the physical examination of the students who now are planning to enter the Air Coips upon the completion of their year’s work at the University. The examination determines the fitness and eligibility of these men who wish to take’the pilot training couise at the “West Point of the An.” A progiam of this sort eliminates the bitter dis-
appointments experienced by those students who plan tq enter the United States Air Corps at the end of their school year, only to discover that they are ineligible or physically unfit. The Army Aviation Cadet Board, consisting of 6 officers and 8 enlisted men, will interview prospective pilots and Air Corps officers every day this week in the Aimory. Major Joseph F. Moore is president of the Cadet Board. Thorough Aircraft Instruction In outlining the pilot training school Major Moore explained that the thirty-five week course provides thorough instruction in all phases of modern aiifcraft, and that during his training period the cadet receives $75.00 a month in addition to uniforms, equipment, food, lodging and dental and medical attention. A second lieutenant’s commission in the United States Air Corps
awaits the cadet upon graduation, and this commission carries with it a salaiy of $260.00 a month plus a bonus of $600.00 at the end of each year. After wearing his wings for three years, a second lieiutenant is in line for advancement to the lank of first lieutenant with a corresponding inciease in pay. No Examination For Some Candidates with two years of college training are automatically exempt from any educational examination for entiance to the flyingschool, and the two yeais of college training may be in any one of the various schools of the University. Major Mooie has urged all men who have reached the twenty year age requirement of^ the Air Corps to take advantage of the Aviation Cadet Board’s ai rival on the campus and to interview the officers at the Armory for “stiaight fiom the shoulder informayon” on how to become a pilot and an officer.
Regional Interfraternify Conference To Convene Tomorrow, Saturday FAO Expects Many Fraternity Men Here For Discussion Of Problems Fraternity Affairs Office in conjunction with the National Interfraternity Conference will sponsor the second annttal two-day Regional Interfratemity Conference here tomorrow and Saturday. Purpose of the meeting, according to Watty Stanton, general chairman, is “both to strengthen interfra* ternal bonds and to better acquaint the undergraduate leaders with the many problems facing fraternities.” Assembled for the event will be
many nationally prominent fraternity leaders, chief among whom IS Harry Clifford Northcott, trustee of Northwestern University and well-known speaker on fraternity interests and problems. Northcott will address the final banquet on Saturday evening. Don Douglmsa, last year’s president of the University Interfratemity Presidents' Council, will be toastmaster at the
dinner.
Program Includes Discussions
Program for the two days will cover many topics vital to fraternity operation including discussions of formulas for successful rreh, alumni relationships and schblhstic
kA * I r k A lecords.
lyiajOr J, I , rnOOre Most recent report from the Fra-
ternity Affairs Office indicated that the number of students attending the conference from other campuses would approach 260, These students will represent over 50 universities
and colleges in six states.
“It is to be emphasized,” said chairman Stanton, “that the conference is being planned for local fraternity men as well as those from other schools. University Greek societies will obtain much interesting
and profitable material at thci
ings.”
Chess Team Needs Players For Match Against lU Club Chess Club will hold a callout meeting tonight in the Game romn of the Union at 7:30. Any student, graduate student, or faculty member interested in chess is invited to attend. At the meeting, the team of five members which will play the Indiana team will be chosen. Dr. F. D. Martin, faculty advisor for the team has announced that owing to the loss of two of last yeai’s members, new members wjU be doubly welcome. Team Plays Sunday The Chess team will have match with the Indianapolis Chess Association Sunday at 2 p. m. in room 363 of the Union. The University team will be composed of five students and five faculty mem-
bers.
Another match will he held with the Indiana University Chess team at Bloomington on the day of the annual clash between the Boilermaker and lU football teams. The match was won by the local team last year. The trophy which is awarded to the winning team is now in the game room of the Union. It has been a tradition that every time the chess team has deflated the lU team, the football teatte^KS lost, d.e.g. .
. . . will supervise examinations of applicants for entry into Flying Cadet Units, now being conducted in the Armory by the Flying Cadet
Examining Board.
For Mixer Saturday Eddie Mack and his band will be featured at the mixer Saturday from 9 to 12 p.m. in the south ballroom of the Union. The personnel of the band includes ten musicians and features Eddie Mack at the piano. Bonnie Scott and Paul Blair
will render the vocals. Band Organized In 1935
In 1935 the band was organized, and since then has played at some of the most popular night spots from coast to coast. Its unique style of rhythm has atti acted much notice from those who have enjoyed
dancing to his music.
Outstanding in the band’s lepertoire are their novelties and specialty numbers which supply entertainment throughout the dance, p.s.
WAA To Hold Contest Sponsors MusIc Hall Presents
Movie Convocations
Office work, store sales, and social and tutoiial assistance in WRH are other kinds of woik which have been chosen by 56 women. However, oppoitunities in the three abovementioned occupations are relative-
ly few.
108 Work Oil NYA Of the 108 women students who are at present assigned to NYA pi ejects, 26 are residents of cooperative houses. Seven Women students are working with NYA projects and are also doing other part-time
woik. '
In view oi these statistics, it is easily seen that many girls are meeting their financial obligations very successfully by working between or after their classes. These coeds should be a symbol of encouragement to gills who wish to enter college by do not feel that they can afford to do so.
For Speedball Teams This Saturday WAA will hold its Speedball Playday. Indiana and DePauw Univeisities have been invited to send teams to compete in the
speedball contests.
The visitois will register between 9 and 10 a.m. in the Memorial Gymnasium. At 12:30 the girls will eat lunch 111 the WAA cabin. The fee for the lunch will be fifty cents. Tea In Memorial Gym Following the last speedball game m the afternoon a tea in the Memorial Gymnasium will officially
close the playday.
Betty Galbraith is in charge of the games. Chairmen and their committees are as follows: Catherine Ade, food; Ruth Walker, the tea; Jackie Harrison and Gwen Curry, entertainment and decorations;, and Barbara Ford and Gail
Hennis, reception,
Student Ait Guild and Student Union are sponsoring a seiies of movie convocations to be held in Eliza Fowler Hall starting November 11. The purpose of the program is to increase student appreciation of the motion picture. The progiams will include a numbei of American films, three British films, a German film, two French films, “Ferdinand the Bull,” and other Disney films, and the American epic “Birth of a Nation.” Subscription tickets for this series cost 40 cents and will be on sale at the west desk of the Union until November 11. Each ticket will entitle the owner to all six of the program/. No tickets for individual progiams will be sold at the door, d.e.g.
Fourth Movie Convo “Screen Reviews” will present the fourth in its weekly Thursday afternoon series of movie convos tomorrow afternoon from 3 to 6 in the Music Hall. According' to the announcement made yesterday by J. W. Ditamore, manager of the Music Hall, the satisfactory turnout of the student body in the past three weeks has insured the presentations of the movies for the re-
mainder of this year. Afternoon’s Program
This afternoon’s program will include: “More Trifles of Importance” from the Passing Parade series at 3:05, 4:11 and 5:17; “You the People” of the Crime Does Not Pay series at 3:15, 4:21 and 5:27; Dave Apollon and his orchestra at 3:35, 4:41 and 5:47; “News of the Day” at 3:45 and 4:54; and “Amer(Continued on page 7) - w*
Can-Can Dancers To Appear In Union Show November 8
By Stan Wolf When interviewed yesterday afternoon, John Petty staitlingly announced that his famous powerhouse legs would be put on public exhibition Saturday, November 8. Famed as a halfback on the vaisity grid squad, Petty is also one of the nation’s leading can-can danceis. He has consented to appeal in his specialty number in the “Union Show of 1941,” aided by a trusty balloon. More Dancers Other membeis of the dancing choius will be Rocky Snyder and Francis Meakim, also aided by balloons. Music Hall engineers are planning to leinfoice the stage for the act. Directors of the chorus promise the most beautiful set of physiques ever to hit the Music Hall Stage. « Adams vs. Leinweber Adding them payt to the lunacy pf the show will be “Frenchy”
Leinweber and Bob Adams, diarziest eds on the campus. Meinbecs of the audience are advised they enter the Music Hall at thefr own risk. Any accident resnlti|i|; from the actions of th4se two pile no lesponsibility on the ndth-
agement of the show.
Nutty as they can possibly make it, the show will be one contipaous rat race for the screwball twins. They’ll do everything from shooting Southern fried chicken out of the air to crashing a plane on t|to Music Hall stage. They are evhn going to build a railroad ri|^t through the Music Hall .,. jiKtt in
wide as the New York"
Anything can happen when weber and Adams get togoihAtr. Anyhow, students, the show hi going to be one of the tmmiebt ti come to the University. It will ho a perfect climax to ‘^Did'b Ihlyi’*
Don’t miss it*
m
....A% .'f i
^»
‘ ^ i
'1^4 ' ^ ^ ' /'V, ;'/ ^v.,, ■’/' ’,' '/'“v .','A , K'" \> ^ ,r. , .' ^ “ ' - lJ —' ...la.._.i.i..ij:_<_..^^^—li——.iij..,,, .t r-. aJ:..,.-;......... i'- — • ■ > - —> -=- ■ — * ■ - . ....-'—.—
^juMni^ JthiL
-'u- ^ “-'I'
By Jeaimie Lauer
TWINKLING TOES FOR THOSE BIG MOMENTS . . , you’ll find theifi by the dozen in the evening sandal display at Smith's. Due to ar shortage of gold kid for these so-called luxury items, most of this season’s fornjal slippers are fashioned from gold mesh, \vith heel and ankle-strap of kid. They are also made in a sil- ’ ver mesh and kid combination and come in all heel oaor^ y heights—flat, medium, and high. You tall girls will swoon with delight when you see the low heels, for they are so extra-flat that you are practically walking on the ground. If you’re the kind who likes your/slippers to match a certain formal. Smith’s has a large selection of white satin slippers which they will tint free of charge.
i);DD A BIT OF LIFE AND COLOR . . . to your formal wardrobe by adding a new evening blouse or jacket, Queen City’s assortment of these blouses and jackets is most complete and features prices which even the most worn-out of budgets can stand. There are chiffons, soft and feminine, with lovely flowing sleeves; there are white or black crepes trimmed with gold embroidery or sequins;
there are sophisticated jersey tunic blouses with nailhead trim . , . all immensely flattering and all a wonderful pick-me-up for
that last year’s formal skirt.
LOVELY JEWELRY FOR LOVELY LADIES ... might well be the theme at Lodde’s, for all of their jewelry is of the highest quality and beautiful, indeed . . . just the thing for formal occasions. Especially nice are the Garmon bracelets of yellow gold, which are flexible and can fit any wrist. Some are plain . . . others engraved, and they are made in a variety of styles. Some have charming, old-fashioned cameos; some a double heart of engraved gold; many are left just plain. Matching lockets add to the loveliness of these bracelets. WHETHER THEY BE FOR NECESSITY OR
ORNAMENTATION . ..
handkerchiefs should always be attractive and a complement to any costume ... there’s no excuse for their
being otherwise when you take a look about you at . i the multitude of gay colors, dashing prints, and fine Laverne Mmr, KKG, Francis Lloyd, KAO, Jean _ quality of merchandise that the handkerchief coun- latest formals ters consistently display. For instance, at the Foster Shop there Loeb s. Pd. Adv,
is a most complete and enticing selection of fine-quality linen hankies. The majority feature flower designs in lovely colors, and range in price from 25 cents to $1.25. Onp of the daintiest in this
collection is the Mirror Print hanky at 59 cents.
Reigns For Season
Photos by Debris
NO NEED TO LOOK LIKE A SCARECROW ... when you can look as if you’d just stepped from a fasliion ad from Esquire in one of Baltimore’s Hair Paca campus coats. These coats are finger-tip length and come in brown and natural. Fully-lined, they give all the warmth you desire, but arc still very light in weight. Costing around fifteen dollars, these campus coats are a good buy and
will wear you well.
BABY PASTELS ARE NEWS . . .
in the world of fashion. They are just the thin to brighten up a jaded wardrobe, or to peek fetch-
Sports Togs Feature Sloppy Jo Sweaters, Gay Plaids And Suits Ticking daily across the campus, the feminine population is clad in
the usual favorites—sweaters and The short length coat, which is skirts. The skirts are flashy colored adapted after the army, holds the plaids with pleats; quite attractive lead in popularity. These coats alaren’t they, boys? We find the co- low free leg action, and the outeds wearing long sloppy jo sweat- standing fleece fabric wards off the ers. Encircling the lady’s lovely cold win^s. With it try a Brown-
stone felt hat—and, by the way,
Ed's Fall Wardrobe To Feature Simplicity, Comfort Variety Of Styles This Season Foremost In Choice
Of informal Apparel
All is not work when you try to get the ed’s wardrobe together this fall, for there is more variety and snap this year than ever before. As you might gqess, the military influence
is still very much in evidence.
Choose Clever Gifts To Suit Personality We”re not counting the shopping
neck is a single strand of peai’ls
Every coed has a dickey to wear haven’t the new pin stripe shirts days until Christmas as yet, but under her new V-neck sweater! And with pinned collars attracted your even now countless occasions arise
alvTrom liLea^h I’ui^coatT’^oT too* have ydu seen those new Ar- attention. Ydu can'find these with when brains are racked for just the thr/ar^Thc I'betwlen^rpe of Tefs EE ^yle Plaid sweaters? a one or two callar stripe. right gift. Shopping time is pre-
is 80 serviceable and so popular with coeds the Popular Skull Cap No Excuse * country over. Made up in woolens, crepes, and Of couise, we find a wool suit in There is no excuse for dull, un-
jerseys—to suit every maiden’s whim—they are positively the most every wardrobe—just the thing for interesting ties this season with the p-, ^ ° ™ ^ ^ ‘ tators or delectable creations you’ve ever seen. Loeb’s is where you’ll find football games. A little skull cap Macclesfeid and Twills in many col- Please her with a sporty wool blouse them . . . prices start at $7.98. --- -- --- eontrast with her suit.
WANT SOMETHING THAT YOU’LL WEAR ... AND WEAR
AND WEAR . . .?
Then stop in at Queen City to look over the Carole King Juniors and choose one from the many attractive styles that you’re sure to go for. These are nationally advertised dresses . . . you’ve seen the ads in such magazines as Mademoiselle and Harpers; and are among the most popular of the moderately priced dresses. Prices arc from $6.50 to $10.98 and sizes
with tassels tops off that two pieced lars and patterns. You also need suit to perfection. no longer be afraid of wearing a Borrowing again from the cds, bold plaid wool tie with your broken the coed styles her tailored silk herringbone tweed or your new shirts and flannel shuts in mannish Shetland suit. They add much infashion. Jumpers made from cordu- terest and variation, roy or wool still constitute a large Your shoes need no longer be a part of the college wardrobe. problem. Go completely military if Initialed and angora knit anklets you wish by trying some monk seem to be the rage, while saddle front calfskin shoes with straps oxfords and moccasins are still, by and thick leather soles. If this sug-
cious and ideas are few, so here are some hints to you shoppers. Your r o o m in a t e’s birthday ?
^ , wearing a hat? You don t like to Or perhaps she would like nylon u 4.1. „ -iu o rrn. • 1 ^ 4-4.1 4. • , 4. 1. j bother with one ? Then get a simple
Presenting Fall Formal Frivolity Once again orchestras tuna up, coeds rush to buy new formals, and flower shops prepare to send avalanches of flowers, as the campus lool^ forward to the opening id ttic formal season in all its guie^, and splendor. With the opening of the viiv/tee social season come beautiful nights^ lovely ladies, charming escorts, ami the thrill that only college life can bring. Bradley For Ball Starting things off smoothly. Will Bradley and his orchestra fill the Union Ballroom with sweet music, as they play for Military Ball, ®q November 14. Six-footer, Terry Allen will croon love songs, and cute little Lynn Gardner will be there to vocally enchant the dancers^ At 10:30, Cadet-Colonels R. Dibos and A. Topps will lead the Grand March, a gay parade of girls in lovely dresses and their escorts who will be wearing full dress uniforms. Union Formal Highlight Next big affair will be the Alpha Sigma Pi, Phi Sigma Kappa, Tau Kappa Epsilon Triad, to be held in the Union on Saturday, November 29. Following week-end the Union halls will once again’be filled with music, laughter and happy people, as the Union Formal predominatest the scene. In keeping with the Yuletide season, the PIA Christmas formal will be held on December
19.
Cary Hall is the next setting for dancing feet and sweet music, at
Times come on this campus, peo- the Cary Club Formal on January pie, when you don’t want to dress 9. On February 6, both the like a crash-bang rah-rah, college Triad and the Northwestern “Joe” or go strictly formal. Let’s will take place. An annual take the week-end date . . . movies event,” the Interfratemity Ball and cokes, maybe a rhumba at the February 13, will be a well attenff-
mixer or just doin’ the town. The ed dance, best rule is good taste. Coeds Reign
For the movies or just “joein” “^ht 00^ aiound, simplicity is best. There’s February 20, when they play nothing like comfort for a good ole to the male population of fhe^ time. A classic suit with a match- campus. Women’s Pan HellefliC'-tA
ing or contrasting sllirt is ideal. occasion.
With it wear some tricky lapel February 27, Skull and Crrajewelry to all your own touch. Spec- again presents Sophomore Codfess oxfords are the best This year, as in formdr for your suit. What about yaars. Cotillion will be on thh
“Must go” list. Cary Club enteftains for the second time at their
head. A sports felt is always in
hose or one of those tricky matched famous Spring Formal, on March 6.^
Back to the military theme we gP, for the Scabbard and Blade Formal. The soldiers hold the place of honor on the night of March 13.
Pick smooth gad-about dresses in Finishing the formal season is the
lipstick kits.
House giving a dance? Looking taste with "sports clothes,
for favors? Sure hits are billfolds „ , and coin purses with crests and organization initials decorating the
exteriors. The lady of the evening wool, jersey, corduroy, or a tailored jgjf Hop, a dinner dance held in the
would be delighted with evening silk. For accessories just let your union.
range from 9 to 17. They are mainly sports dresses and will serve most popular in footwear, gestion does not meet your ap-
you well for a great variety of occasions. Available in plain colors, plaids, and plints, there is sure to be one to suit every individual’s
taste.
DROP IN ANY TIME AT LOEB’S BAR . . .
(No, Loeb’s hasn’t gone into competition with Lamb’s or The Blazer . . . it’s a'^ sweater bar to which I’m referring) . . . It’s one of the newest additions to the second floor sports section, and is a most excellent place to do your sportswear shopping. Fluorescent lighting gives a warm, friendly glow that matches the service you receive here. There isn’t a sweater or blouse at this bar that you
wouldn’t love to own and he proud to wear.
Distinctive Gadgets Express Originality
proval, you are sure to be satisfied with brown calf brogue with
this smart outstanding casual wear
Gather ’round gals and give your th^^d goes foith assured,
gab ovei to the latest in gadetry,
Wise Coed Loungers Prefer Casual Slacks
Carefree and casual and feeling gay—that’s our coed when she’s
at her ease in slacks and such in- in gifts that are different.
Anything goes from jungle cutiqs
to Grandma’s necklaces.
How’s your luck holding out with all the tests? Just pin on Cora the Cannibal or Sea Bean Pete to diive \ the hoodges away. And how about
LET’S GIVE THREE ROUSING CHEERS . . . all those woriies. Just get a little for the exciting new Doris Deb shoes at ole worry biid and he’ll take care
Carl’s. Made of beautifully-textured gabar- of them for you.
dine that resists wear and weather, these are Here’s some gadgctiy for that formal attire. She can be seen thus high-heeled pumps that you will want to stitch in time ... a legular emer- clad when cramming down the wear with all your best clothes for those gency kit aioqnd your neck. Try knowledge, joeing with the girls, or dress-up date occasions. You’ll want to a necklace made of everything on one of those picnics for which skip and jump ... . you’ll feel like you are that’s bright in the sewing basket collegiates are famed, walking on air in these chic and fashion- . . . spools of blue, yellow, and red what does hei selection contain? able creations. They’re the smoothest thread with celluloid thimbles and doubt, l/er wardrobe will boast tilings imaginable, as are the other Doris clusters of little gold safety pins ^ slack guit or flannel in blue.
Deb shoes which you’ll find at Carl’s, strung on strips of colored layon.
Just carry
bags encrestpd with fraternity self go and have a good time select- Thus, with the coming of spring, crest. mg them . . . but don’t forget that pm-due says goodbye for another Victory score for you if you give grooming essential, good taste. year to the formal season. Back ^What about the eds ? They go on into the moth balls go the formal
blucher front fringed tongue and sweater in popular colors of beige, these dates too. He can wear a clothes, and back to the beautiful thick sole For the hard campus gioon, or blue. If your roommate is sports suit or slacks and a sports nights and lovely ladies, go the wear substitute a brown calf San- ^ sporty fellow, he might like one jacket. A girl always goes for the memories,
dan boot with crepe sole. Attired in of these corduroy shirts. 'well-dressed man; so pick out a
Any of a number of do-dads sporty looking hat, boys, and be
would please the girl friend, flow smooth.
about some leather boxing gloves For mixers or house dances, the to decorate her coat lapel? Or per- guys and gals can dress up a little haps she’s gone patriotic and would more. The wool dresses are still like a soldier pin. Growing favorite good for the dances, but you can with the feminine sex are artificial go mc^re sophisticated in silks, velflowers to add to her clowning veteens, and velvets. Hats at mixers glory. aren’t necessary, but if you do wear This year’s gifts spell variety, one . . . don’t take up the whole Please the receiver wjth novel ideas dance floor with it. If you do go
Coed Footwear Stresses Antelope, Suede, Calfskin
Jewelry To Enliven Coed Formal Attire
Beautifully casually, elegant styling—that’s the description that fits so well the new fall winter collection of footwear for coeds. First, let’s talk about walking and school shoes—you can make a aplection from green, brown, and beige soft reverse calf with leat|ier
s7oitrsuits,'or"th7sra7krandsport ^^els and square buckles. Then,
..nH course, there are the moccasms and
dressy, wear dress shoes or sandals. The eds can wear business suits.
coat—but don’t forget that tie and leave the “saddles” at home this
time.
For teas, you gals, really splurge. Wear your most feminine and
As M’lady’s ti esses may be her sophisticated dress with evei lathing C crowning glory, so may jewelry in- go with it. Put on your hat,
THIS HAPPY, SMILING LITTLE MAN . . . is feeling pretty good in his new pair of wing tip oxfords from the A. B. C. Shoe Company. Made of grain leather, with double sole and leather heel, they sport an antique finish. You’ll lie enthusiastic over the fine quality of the merchandise here, and will like the friendly and efficient service that you receive.
If you’ve been meaning to buy a new pair of shoes . . . hut just haven’t found the time, why put it off any longer? Stop in at the A. B. C. Shoe Company soon, and find out for yourself what high
quality of style and service are to he had here.
brown, green, or beige. This will be _ .
needle in your purse beautifully made with the touch crease the loveliness of a formal g-ioves, pick up your purse, and step
and when you spring a run or lose a of a man’s tailorer. Then there are gown. Selections in jewelry offer button, all the repairs are right flannel suits with contiasting variety and cleverness to complete with you. trousers and jackets. As to cut, tk® formal attire. Money Sacks either the boxy, long torso, or the Cameos make veiy lovely accesHow about you misers? Have gfloit blousy type jacket. The one &ories and are in popular acclaim you ever thought of socking your percent of the ratio may prefer to today. Their sheer beauty makes money away? Hide it in the dresser jacket open with a sporty one fortunate indeed, to own one of
them. Most of them have a romantic story of family history to give
out to have a good time.
Eds To Look Striking In Smooth Tuxes, Tails
All the proper authorities have
LET’S GO INTO A HUDDLE
» • /
them even more charm. 'J'hey are deemed it highly probhble that the worn a good deal as broaches, glips, style-conscious ed will be truly hep rings, and bracelets—all together when it conres to those all-import-they produce a picture of loveli- ant formal fashions. This season ness. the well-dressed collegiate will apOne could be very Egyptian and pear ip formal atti;e that is defi-
wear a head-dress made of shim- nitely right.
perennial saddle shoes, which ar« still favorites with some. For variety there are the cowboy boots polished black with diamonds of
red leather.
The hard toed spectators of combination leather and suede are a “stand-by” for various occasions. A high-heeled black or brown pumt* of either antelope or suede is an appropriate shoe for a movie or mixer date. They are as dressy and smart as the sleek daytime clothSs
of American coeds.
Sparkling sandals for formals just about complete our shoe suggestions. 'WTith a reminder that COii.trasting coIots in evening wear ar^
tops.
Shops Offer Purses To Fllf Every Occasion, Necessity If you are off for the week-en4»
This season the ed will be seen or just around the corner for a coke.
drawer and slip your extia pennies peeping from under,
into it. You’ll actually want to save
because the sock looks and feels Sp«rty Corduroy
like old Shylock’s money bag when Coiduroy still rates high a§ it’s bulging with coins. You can get sporty material. Popular combinait in almost any color . . . with a tion consists of corduioy slacks wooden top and a slot big enough with flannel blouse. Top features
aliout the inexpensive Zelan jackets at for half dollars. of this year’s lisb are the new allSouthworth’s. These waterproof jackets. Go Digging in-one corduroy slack suit. Cordu-
coinplete with Purdue seal and zippered Po some digging into the family roy stands the test for durability, gold scales inlaid with col-
closing dowp the front, cost hut $2.95! And jewelry box, You’ll find Grandma or Gabardine still holds its place for ored stones and glass, an acarab in all “the light places” in a single there is a purse to suit your neetfe. while we re on the subject of Purdue seals. Great Giandma had some striking casual wear. Coeds prefer it for ring, and a necklace of medallions breasted midnight-blue dinner jack- The huge ones.that are almost aultr may 1 remind you that Southworth s has T long necklaces that you can twist dressier sports occasion when that with coins of foieign countries. et with lustrous silk lapels to top cases are style-right, and most shirts for every school—Ag, Engineering, around your neck once or twice or tailored to perfection look is de- " Barbaric jewelery, heavy and his tux troiiseis. Included in his practical, too. ' Science, etc., and they cost hut 75 cents, use the long strand and knot it. sired. Teal blue is a favorite'color gaudy, seem to be popular this sea- “get-up” are a red carnation, wing Are you in a feminine meod? If you aim to buy one, better do it soon. Just use your originality and in- for gabardine. , son. A good example of this would collar, pearl studs, and a white Choose a small tucked Of Aor right now 18 the time when all sizes and genuity, coeds, and pick out your Coeds, get into the swing of be an Indiana gold necklace set pique waistcoat of single-breasted purse. They are useful to taA MM styles are complete. own gadgets . . . make them stop things. Be slack-conscious as you with many different precious stones model which does much to accent Essentials, and stijl’ (Continued on page fl) and notice you. lounge or picnic. and seed pearls. the foimality of the ensemble. ''bother on the danE ftooy. ^ '
/-^7 t -.j 'S.'^'WV " ’ ' ' -> f V T^if >>■ *^1 ^
ii K , {P.
»'%n,‘r-*.
>i.< f *4/
' H
r*
1^'
V ' r^
\j
/SC
/>
•Ca6L{ com* COTTON vvKfi DvpmfNVlON TOi TIP
WEAR RESISTANCI -■^S; t.itll» Shoft )of ^ MARVfilOUS
%U^ %\ \ Cam^)us Favorites ♦..from Coast to Coast ... new Wide Ribbed Sopks im soft color blet^dings . . . made in UiS.A. on Imported English Rib Machines... soft cottondined Pure Wool/.., shrink'vesist.
Manhattan, Enro and Brookshiro Shirts in every wanted collar style. A beautiful selection of combed yarn madras in stripes and ^lain colors. Brice $1.65 up. >
> OF CHAMPIONS
k %
SELECTED THE
What a thrill! — to wear the Catalina Sweater identical with the Catalinas awarded each year to the country’s greatest football stars chosen All-Amencans by the All'/l America Board of Football 1 y ,This uniquely styled sweater in novel British rib stitch knit, combines Pwo yarns, both 100% virgin wool — a surface zephyr yarp that gives it the downy, luxurious look and feel of costly imported' sweaters — and aft inside yaiti of long staple worsted for extreme durability Available in both slipon and coat styles
ff
If
'I■
Pice Por Hanieri In Pre-Meet Trials C/Eosgi, country practice yeaterday Afternoon, On the new. Boilermaker Cloyerleaf course y^as featured Jby tke' yveekly time trials ‘which usually precede a meet. ipie run yesterday evening was ony of four miles instead of oyer thy usual three and one quarter mile course. The four mile run was to; (Start breaking the team into a longervrun which is required in the State and the Big Ten Meets. Old;! Faithful (Japtain Ed Holderman led the harriers around the new four mile couj’se, and finished first in 20:39. Wqody Appleton came in a close second in 20:44. Don Keinp in 21:02, Da|tell Roach in 21:19, Charlie Dufesler in 21:44', Keith McLaugh- ' lip.pn 22:25, Bob Jarvis in 22:27, and Kallok in 23:44, were the other Riyeteb finishers. Saturday the BoU'ermakers. trek nojjth to ' Kalamazoo, Michigan, where they meet Western State in their last scheduled meet of the season. Should the Riveters come thrbugh in this meet Saturday as they have in their previous meets this season, the first perfect cross country season will have been added .fp Boilermaker history. Point For Conference Lead Following the scheduled meets, the Boilermaker harriers go into training for' the State and Big Ten Championship meets. Both of thesecontests are to take place on the campus; the State meet comes first, failing on Dad’s day November 8th, and the Big Ten meet is one week later on November 15th. The time for the Big Ten Meet on, the 16th has been'set for 12:45 o’clock instead of the usual 10:30 tb allow students to attend the Big Ten Meet and still be able to. get home and listen, to the broadcast of the Pur-due-Wisconsin football game. 'The Big Ten and the State meets are run over a four mile course— the Boilermaker course normally measures only three and one quarter miles, so the course has been augmented by the intramural field, thus making the course a perfect four miles.
Last B%ht the football sqadd thbir last workout before; leaving for l^brdhairt this afternoon. All the players -went about their jobs with the utmost seriousness:; every one of them realized the big job facing them this Saturday. Fprdhamjs ranked as one^of the top teams in the country and the chips are really do'wii on this game. The usual practifee of having the freshman in to'^ run opponents’ plays against the varsity was^not followed.. There waS' no need for that because the Rams use the Notre Dame system, ak do the Riveters, fore, the scrimmages this week, havcj been'of the intrasquad variety. In order to, make the workouts of greater value the first, s.tring Urie has usually'Opposed the first string backfield, the result being that every yard is fiercely contested. Most of the .blbclts and tackles that have been thrown during, the week have been of the variety that are felt by the man in the . grandstand. Object Is To Stop Steve Filipowicz ^ Another department that has been stressed this week,is pass defense. So far this season the Gold and Black has the best pass defense record of any major team in the country. In the Rains, the Boilermakers will eneounter on^ of the bpt passing tearuis in the country. In earlier games this season Steve Filipowicz, the Fordham halfback, has outpassed several of the pass conscious teams from the'sbuthwest, ' The chances of stopping Filipbwicz’s aeiSal bombardment rest largely on the broad and capable shoUlderS ,pf Bob‘“Sixty Minute’’ Johnson. This sterling pivot man though-iOnl^ a sophomore has played every minute of every.gaine thus far,t'hi4.;sea.spn,.,JIe.has. several puss interceptions to his credit and in ad^tipn has Broken up many more aerial thrusts. It is unusual to find a man with so little game experience who is as alert and hai’d to fake out,„of his position. Bpb has that sixth sense that all good football players of .that, trait came in the Iowa game, On one-of those devastating off tackle sweeps that feature the Iowa offensive a guard pulled out to lead the attack. In the instant that, the hole was. open Bob raced through to spill the .baU carrier for a sizable loss. ^ ' Another brighi: spot in this week’s, drills, and in the games played thus far has been the work of Tex Sraerke at quarterback. All of the scores made by the Boilermakers have been m,ade whi,le Tex has been guiding the team. The path of the ball carriers. has, been cleared many times by. the hard blocks that Tex uses to erase the would be tackiers. That Long Trek Eastward Today The team twill leave for Fordham today at 3:30 o’clocly. The traveling squad has not been posted as yet, )>ut it, is rumpr.ed that Co-Captain Tommy Melton and Kenny Smock will make the trip to Gotham though neither will see action, e.l.k.
Getting back into the hipper-dip-per Boilermaker brand of basketball, Piggy Lambert’s hardwood aces hsiyc been drilling nightly in the Fieldhouse gym, getting an early start on the 1941-42 season. Conference Contenders . Missing only Igney, Weber, and Biemker from last year’s squad, this season’s varsity looms as a.potential Big Ten threat, boasting plenty of 'material and all-aronrid strength. Capt. Don Blanken, “Horsey” Reilly,' Red Garress,. Cecil Polk, F^ed Krampe, Mickey Tiei’ney, and the rest of, the, boys, are gradually working into shape. ’ith plenty, of competition aliady e?cistiri|g among the returning yai’sity members, a group of determined sophomore recruits have entered' into the picture. Outstanding are, Menke, ^ Wright, Swantz, and Girove, who are putting in their bids, for varsity berths in ho uncertain, terms. No Varsity Ciit 'iret To date Coach Lambert has niade no cut, the first slice coming probably in mid-November.. Rhinie coach Dutch Fehring has already reduced his squad to 36 members, d.e.b.
' It is estimated that at least half the’nearly 1,600,000 youths in Amer-. ican colleges are working to help pay their expenses, while 20 per cent are paying all their costs.
Soil Science Society Will Meet This Weefe» ■1 l ' ■ , ' ■ -l.' ;- v. Annual joint meeting of the (Soil Science Society of America and the American , Agronomy Society will be held November 9 to 15 in Washington, D. C. , Members of the University staff who will attend the meeting are 0. D. Scarseth, U. S. Jones, T, M. Bushnell, G. H. Robinson, W. Worzella, B. H. Krantz, A-J., Ohlogg'e, J. E. Ste.ckel, M., T. Vittum, H. L. Cook, L. K. Kangas and H. E. Jones, d.e.b.
Holds
CBh^i§nnietit Sale
.Richard'E., Edwards, president of Pfsl the Indiana Hereford Breeder’s As- **fTf***
With only one week left in track decathlon competition, tabulations show the folloiying standings: , Bancker ..40f)4 Livinghouse 3921 Anthony ...3676 Jentsch 2868 Farnsworth ^ ......2690 Brebnqr ...........2488 Morrison C.. .....1981 Vaile .1661 Archer .1602 Fritchman .• 1473
TODAY 4hi^u SATURDAY
a ateoBiic pictobi AND —
,His newest thriller! A
THiumtm. A Columbia Picturo !
ALSO
CAPTAIN marvel FIRST RUN NEWS
Difficulties in obtaining steel have caused three months’ delay in construction of the University of California’s' p-igantic atom smashing cyclotron, but engineers say, it will probably be ready for operation in the fall of' 1943.
soejation,: announced that the annual consignment sale of the association will be held at the University Livestock Judging Pavilion this Saturday. The auction block will exhibit ; 39 cows, 8 bulls, and 13; steers, all prime c'atlle. Earl Gartin, Greensburg, and W. V. Eastburn, Lafayette, will act as official auctioneers for the sale, according to Henry Mayo, University extension animal husbandman and secretary of the association, w.e.h.
... social fraternity, announces the initiation of nine new members. They are;' A1 Anderson, Glen Ellyn, III.; Harwood Armstrong, Indianapolis; John Arnold, Indianapolis; Jack Bahner, Cleveland, Ohio; Ward Dillon, Sterling, 111.; Hugh Kepner, Chicago, 111.; Hick Long, Glen Ellyn, 111.; Jack O’Connell, Indianapolis; Lewis Trager, Indianapolis.
• Competition li Kieen Recently we wrote a columu concerning the gToBlem the, gthletic department has in bringing athletes tp Purdue, 'the eomgetiiiop for athletes in the conference is getting to be terrific, with other scBImIs coming right in under the noses . qf. Indiana schools and.,whiffing them away. Such examples are Kuzma, captain of Michigan, Walfcef of Iowa, aiid young Allsrdice of Princeton. In the department of handling athleteg Pnrdue ranks second to none in the conference when it epmes to sqdare dealings. In many of the major schools in the country when a promising athlete receives an injury making him upable to play any more, he is dropped like a hot potato. But not at Purdue. • PttrdiHi Atitl^B^ Gdtin6t|l Hiv luleff - In order to^ aidrin'bringings promising athletes to the University, the on the ball Pbrdue-Athletic Gouncii has. ;^evised a j jn whjeh thould be a great aid to solving-a -problem •wmeh is grow.-,.^-m proportions. The purpose of the plan is to acquaint prospective .athletes with the University so that’they may ;bec^ more favorably disposed toward enrolling here. -: The plan works something ;like this: bi'am& of promisk g high school material will .be sCCured ifrom the; coached of the •various, sports and from active alumni. The PAG will Gontactithese persons bp^mail to make arrangements for a visit. Transportation will, of course, rie handled By the visiting prospects. It will be the aim of the/council to invite the guests at the time of some major Boilermaker athletic venture. Through the Ihtearfraternity President’s Council a system of housing the boys without favoritism will be drawn up.^Funds for the entertainment of the lads will probably be furnished by the Gimlet Club. During their stay on the campus the guests win be introduced to the coaching staff, will be shown the athletic layout, the campus, and other appropriate points of interest. ' • It's Abotif Re^dy To Ope^lte Through the efforts of President Dick Raney and the members of the Council, the plan has, already received the O. K. of Athletic Director Mai Elward, who in turn had it approved by the Big Ten athletic directors, and is now awaiting only the approval of the Interfraternity President’s Council before it goes into action. It’s a step in the right direction, this brain child of the PAG, sort of a surivival of the fittest actibn, if you please. With the acceptance and cooperation of the student body as a whole, it should be of great assist-
Official: Olds. 7 Theta Xi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Official: Jones. 8 Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Official: Glazer. 9 Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Official: Tulin. 11 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Official: Captain.
Ceres
IM Schedule
TODAY - FRI. -SAT.
. i . agTonomy and general agriculture honorary, announces the pledging of the following men: J. 0. Bray, 0. H. Burger, E. H. Carter, W. E. Davis, R. S. Euler, ,B. T. Fleming, K. A. Frischie, F. J. King, R. L. Kohls, H. H. Nees, R. J. Todd.
TOUCHBALL Thursday, October 30 Field 1 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta Tau. Official: Zehring. 2 Sicma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. Official: Rafferty. 3 Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Delta Chi. Official 1 Wente. 4 Delta, Upsilon' vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. Official: Stephans. 5 Kappa Delta Rho vs. Theta Chi. Official: Meyer. 6 Phi Gamma Delta Delta Tau Delta.
social sorority: announces the initiation of Jean, Stei^erwald of
Shaker Heights, Ohlot
A Wom«r Bros, Picrure. with RONALD REAGAN • JOAN .OERRY JAMES GLEASON—— ALSO •
,with DICK FORAN lEO CARRIllO ANDY DEVINE
with FRANK CLAIRE MOIGIIMIIEVOIt MARJORIE ALBERT Mllll-DEIIKEII HENRY O'NEILL ' CHILL WILLS
Sfarfs TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE ■iiilillliiiliiiiiilii Only one person on earth |i could save him from the | chair..,.a man whose lips I were sealed —by death! I
ARTHUR KENNEDY JOANPERRV b, D. ROSS LEDERMAN A WARNER BROS..Fi,.. N.,-in..,.„
— PLUS — U. S. Undercover Agenfs At Work . . . On the Case That Shocked a Nation!
G R ANT W I T H E R S CRAIG REYNOLDS
STARTS SATURDAY
TODAY -TOMORROW
“DOWN IN SAN DIEGO’" .with Bonita Granville, Dan Dailey, Jr. Henry O’Neill
GOOD PRlNtlNG PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Less Money Kane's Pnrit $liop 401 s.
ScrivLn^r Slaff IsSiies Calldlut For FresiiieR Business and editorial staffs of the Scrivener, University literary magazine, has issued a call-out for all freshmen who desire to work on either of the respective staffs. Those freshmen interested are requested to report at the Scrivener office in the Union sub-basement, room 58, this Saturday at 2:00 p.m. Scrivener especially desires those fteshmen who have an interest in writing and who have aptitudes for business administration and organ-
izatibh, w.e.h.
;; :l^ iliSd' (.Walter niniitfff Stnl^ that date the ctwlei^. 1 'today - a' .iLmdi vieea, n0trspaviam, AIl-Amerkatt releetiiaie, ... ^..
tmuedf t% aeleetii;i^s,;,ji^
fans. The teaia 11^03% apjpwaiv ^ one of the mid-December uattee
Coilieris,
Rhretera Well Ite^caeirf^ Throngh- these Jfeaiii, many great Riveter gridmen teen nained on this honorary, They,have phant in 1916, ted the fa^ vitas ' Rankin, last year’s captain. ^ , In truth,, Oliphi^ ,was tet ; to,^the ^-America.,list.,, y^S-after bis grte^t^,■ ■ was honored , at Wete Dlj^: earned nine letters iii four sporfit at Purdue, but he achieved Bii greatest accomplishments on ihes gridiron. Short ,of stature, bet..waa^ heavy and could move teadd. of , a jackrabbit. . In the season eff v 1S13, Olife’s smiieir ye^, he lead tte' Boilennakers in al! thehr nuijte victories over such teams as Northwestertl and In^ate'-Q.iiptent opetr ated from balfbaek amf fullbacfc positions and won three tetters M
football.
Welch, Harmeson Bt AI In 1929, Jimmy Phelan, now me^. tor at the University «f Washiii^-i ton, coached the Rivetears’ greati^ team. Undefeated and tetied tb^ won undisputed championship of uie Big Ten. Many ftue players such pt Harmeson, Miller, Yunevich, Van Ribber adorned this squad, two of them stood head and shoppers above the rest. 'They were Elpte “Red” Sleight, the best tackle, in Bq,’'-maker history, and “Pest” Welch, a driving fullbaeb. The team of 1929 won the epffteence championship, and both Wel^ and Sleight were nathte AB-Am^id-can. Aside from being the squbps outstanding ball, carrier, Welch was the best defensive teck in the chit
ference.
.'Moss Really ^regt The next All-Americte to ce|^ from the banks of the W^tesh ^te Paul Moss, the great end who ^1^ did most of the team’s punting, perts called him one of the
foreward pass receivers football hte ever known, j 1; In 1932, Moss’ senior year, ou of the most important factors inbfil success was the passing of Duaha Purvis who was then a sophomore. Purvis later developed intp one of the Boilermaker’s greatest baclte A triple threat man, he was team^ spark-plug, and he was named the All-American team in 1933.: The Riveters’ last All-America* (Continued on page 6'
i dUiAKFASt §ilJtNCHE<MI» 9 BINNEB • REFRESHING TREATS YOU’RE ALWAYS WELcLMe AT WALGREER'S / DROGStORES ^ 410 Main Street
Sle^fe Sephiscaffijn for YoLirsllf THIS Fall
Whether it's low heels or high.. .'stepih or piiinpA • • • their careful eloStkized Et..their simplicity of line... will give you that "I know my way around" look.
Others |2.§$iiiR$3.4R We hdve ^ far^e supply of Nylon Hose— $1.35
Smart Bdgs for All Occasions— $1.db to |1.98
iPteite
A.- \i,
IMemy tanks ADVANCING ON BRIDGEHEAD
Scouting The )nops (Continued fr6m page 3)
HOW’LL YOU HAVE YOUft AHROW SHIRT? . . . Take youv pick from the many varieties offered at Dewentei^s ... in such collar styles as regular, button-down, non-wilt, short points, and so on. The thing to reniember is that all of them ' are Arrow Collars and all the shirts are sanforized shrunk. This little san-i forized shrunk label means a great dedl to you in the wearing quality and appearance of your shirt, for it guarantees fabric shrinkage of less than 1%. All of you men realize the importance of a good-looking shirt, so why not make your next one an Arrow from Dewenters . . . they cost $2.00 and up.
HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEW SPORTS BAR . . . at Steiger’s? Newly-opened in August, the very goodlooking yellow and blue bar, surrounded by red leather and chromium stools, offers everything you want and need in the sportswear line . . . blouses, skirts, slacks, and sweaters are here in abundance, and you’re sure to find just the thing for which you arc looking. Featured this week are man-like sweaters . . . sleeveless and extra long and sloppy.
health SorvioG Daily Report
Student Health Service announced last Tuesday that the following persons had entered local hospitals: Jacqueline Hey, freshman science student, WRH * infirmary for medical treatment; J. R. Hooker, freshman science student, medical treatment at St. Elizabeth; and Veralynn Erganbright, senior science student, medical treatment at St. Elizabeth. Discharged yesterday were: Veralynn Ei‘ganbright; and H. J. Barwegen, freshman agriculture student, fiom the St. Elizabeth.
All-Americans (Continued fiom page 5)
picas' snarer, in hija juhior'year most Of the Boilerm£tker*opponents named him as the toughest man they faced^ 'during the season, and id 1940 he achieved national recognition. Many other gridiron greats have matriculated on the Boilermaker campus including such stars as Hecker, Pardonner, Horstman, Oehler, Drake, and Isbell, but they did
WMli , ‘ 'y ' not ^ain fame as broad as the otnora,. f ; sport fans ^ill recail with sorrovr the tragic death of Yommy McGanhon who undoubtedly was destined to be one of the Riveter’s greatest players. These six men have inscribed their names in football’s hall of fame, and the coming years should see the list grow to even gi eater proportions.
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS ahd SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
You’ve got to be good for tbe Signal Corps difference beween delivering orGathering the job of the Held ders in a flash —that ^ t^ese tele?*phane. "‘“"J »*!! phones by the nication apparatus Special typ“ ^ for the armed forces by are being producea Western Ylectric. manufacturer. Our 60 years j for the Bell Syspnrehaser, this spccinl work ?e» ms V.S to step »P o»r protBeUTele^«'>“PP“““^'° Se'Xle defense program.
FOR ANY COSTUME, FOR ANY OCCASION, AT ANY TIME ... you’ll without a doubt be carrying a Compact . . . and when you are, why not always see that it is good-looking and not too battered and service-worn. At Mohhnan s there is a grand assortment of glittering new compacts ... in all styles, sport to formal. No matter what your preference , . . leather, metal, enamelled, jeweled, etc. . .. you will be more than satisfied with the selection and stylishness of these compacts at Mohlman s. TO REMIND YOU TO NOT FORGET . . . that cold and stormy weather is really on its way . . . and you men will need ample protection against the blustery winds. To protect your hands, equip yourselves with gloves or mittens from the extensive supply at Geisler’s . . . mittens made of leather, fleece-lined with elastic top—or big, warm, furry mitts with wool plaid lining and leather palm—or all-leather gloves with hand-stitching. A brand new supply has just come in so all sizes and styles are now available to you.
SMITH’S SHOE STORE PROUDLY ANNOUNCES . . the opening of a new department for men’s shoes. Heretoloie they have specialized in shoes for women, but now they are enlarging the ^torc to make room for this new men’s department which will specialize in shoes for college men . . . including all styles from the smartest saddle to the heaviest ot brogues . . . fine or heavy giained leatheis . . . single or double soles . . . AND popular prices.
was Dave Rankin, the 1940 captain. Noted for his ability to break up opposing tackle smashes and end sweeps, Rankin was also an expert
BE READY For the j, Formal Season The formal season is almost here. Mac sells, alters, and cleans your formal clothes. Mac’s Tailor Shop
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
PBNE BAR GRILL
DR. HAROLD j. RISK
Parties —
— DENTISTS
Our Speicalty
400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
200 Columbia
Snut/tL TUqhL
\
-
UL Formal At Gullion’s... ...A Tux To Suit All Needs
How we love to see a welldressed man in Formal Wear. That’s when you should be at your very smartest .... comfortable . . . casual . . . smooth looking! So select your Tux from a dealer who knows style, who talks style, and sells nothing but style.
♦ ♦♦Full Dress ixi Tails^^^ Gullion’s Tails are “tell”-tails, of the rigljt kind. They say “correct”—say it quietly, smoothly, elegantly. For Gullion’s Tails are perfect right down to the smallest detail. Come in and see how closely our new tails hug the hips, how long they are, how they cover the points of your white waistcoat, allowing a half an inch of white to show. Only in our tailcoat, can you be sure of perfection.
.. Chesterfield or Dark Overcoat HAVE YOUR FORMAL WARDROBE COMPLETE IN EVERY DETAIL FOR THE COMING FORMAL SEASON A dark over coat always is essential in the full-dress wardrobe. If you wish to have a Chesterfield top-coat with the velvet collar, you could pick nothing niore aristocratic and proper. Or if you wish to get a black over coat, you could do so and still hold your formal wear in the styles. All Formal Accessories and Needs .... Any time now at:
Guui<yrCi ^ INC.
WEST LAFAYETTEPWM&e<E^pohMi
'p^^:f
i-r
Jm,
?* ‘
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917 authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular acadeipic year and weekly during the Summer Session, Delivered locally by carrier for $8 60 per year, mail subscriptions, $4 00. Editor-in-Chief Ned A Ochiltrei News Editor John L. Traugott Managing Editor Lelahd W. ftUffnOr Business Manager Don S. Powers
Notices
Battery AthlStic Officers; There will be a meeting of all BAO’s at 4 p m , Thursday, Oct 80, in room 206 of the Armory —LT. B P. VBANDEBPOBD WAA Hockey: Practices Mi^nday, "Wed, nesday and Friday, " * ■ "" ^
for class
Purdue Gymnastic Club: Practice every week-day from 4-6 p m Tumbling and hand-balancing every Tues , Thurs , and Sat Apparatus work every Mon , Wed and Fri Those interested are asked to work out at the indicated times. —POZEB Engineer Subscribers: Anyone who has not received a copy of the October issue pleasp notify our office —SCOBEE Sophomore Senate Workers: Report to Senate office for an impo^nt meetipg Thursday October 30, at 4.16 p m Please be therfr —STECKBIf*i
October 27, 29, and 81,
team eligibility —HARRISON,
need a stouE shoe « « here it is. Winter weight grained coif, TougJi to the weather but easy on the foot —-plus Double Soles/
$
WORH WITH PRIDE Bt MILLIONS A. B. C. Shoe Co.^ Inc. X-RAY PITTING 406 Main St. Phone 2001
Kappa PsI: Important meeting Thumday, Oct 30, at 7 *80 p m in room 306 of the Union. —SpOT® Silvcs; iMaafe: Regular meeting Tuesday. Nov 4, in room 802 of the Union Pledging to be discussed. ^ —^TOWBR Poultry 6lub: Meetihg Thurs^jr,. 6ct 30, at 7 SO p m in room 303 of the Union. 1 Iff Im -r-AiBVIDSONf j Fencers i Thqsp out for* fencing last week atid those who fenced here last year please report to fencing rdom Thursday or Friday, Oct 30 or 31, between 3 and 6 P m.
1 , 4 [—^OWER
itTndeegraduate Pamco: Steak rfry Thursday, Qct 30, at 6 80 p, m lie back of the Union Please bring your pwn service, meat for yourself and one open dish.c In ease of
raih postpone to later date
, I I I —VOLLMER
ASME btembers: There will be a general business meeting of the American Society of mechanical Engineers Thursday t even mg, Oct, 30, m room S02 of the Uniqm Members come out for discussion of arrangements for future aetivitm?. —TOPfNKA Tan Beta Pi Pledges: Informal initiation Friday Oct 31, at 4 30 p m in room 368 of .the Union t ( t—bJUNGER Eta Kappa Nu Pledges' Meeting in leading room of Bleetrieal Engineering build-
ing Thursday, Oct 30, at 4 p m
—SOUTHMAYD
All Sophomore tinion Workers: There will be a meeting, of all sophomore Union workers Thursday, Oct 80, at 6 p m in room 303 of the Union Everyone be there I
—KNIGHT
All Sophomore Union Workers: Who have little movie convo tickets please bring money or tickets to the “Union office by Wednesday, Oet. B9» iH t < 1 —beeves Glider Club: Important meetihg Thursday, Oct 30, at 7 16 p m. in room 304 of the Union All old members bring dues if possible.! t<l ( II —CAFFEE Undergraduate Dames: Steak fry tonight ih back of the stadium Please bring yOur own service, meat, and an oPeii dish.) In case of rain, it will be poS^pned till a laser datei i -^VOLIiMEB Riding Club. Meeting today at 7 30 p m ih Boom 366 Please )>e there Important , < n t. t 1 —CHOATE YWCA Cabinet Members: Meeting in office 8pm today Attendance compulsory S',) 1 —NEWTON Omirron Nu: Debris picture "will be taken Tuesday November 4 at 10 20 p m in the South Ballroom of the Union %
—COLLINGS
Home Ec Get your tickets for the College Club Section of the ISHEA meeting on Sat.,p JIov, 1, from the office in ithe Home Ec Bldg or from Betty Brown. Deadline Friday, Oct 31, ^ —BROWN , AIChE: Cfaem and Met subscriptions can be obtained from tho following • Borns, Kraybill, Ray Smith, Santini, Lerner l , -KRAYBILL Hillel Society: Radio dance Saturday November 1 from 9 to 12 p pi. in room 363 of the Union Admission is 86 cents pel couple ot SlSg ' —WEISBERG
FORMAL WEAR / Correct To The Last i)etail Tuxidor $24,50 i Bow Ties ,.,..^„75c Boutonniere $1.00 np Suspenders - 65^ up Shirts $2.50 Shirts $2.50 and Stud Sets e ,.$1.00 up Biaek Hose 50e Key Chains $1.00 up ROGER'S 7 X / I East Side Square
Catalyst Club; Debris picture will be taken at 7'30 p m. Tuesday, Nov 4, In North Ballroom of Union. —KRAYBILL Novice Pistol* Students desiring to fire fourth novice pistol group starting Nov 4 should sign up in supply room at once This includes students who may have signed up prior to Oct 23 There are vacancies In this group for students desiring to fire same LT BROWN WAA Speedball. ,No tournament game October 30 There will be practice for those who wish to take part in the pl4y*lay Saturday November 1 Be on field ready to play at 4 00 pi m —GALBRAITH WAA Hockey* No practice Friday, October 31 Class tournament starts next week . —BLAGRAVB PI A Membership Salesmens Please check in membership books with money by Friday evening, Nov 7 Also have any dance tickets that you might have 1 < —GOBIS Mechanical Engineers; The American Society Of Mechanical Engineers membership applications may be obtained in the general office of the Mechanical Engineers building 1 —BOLZ ASME Members,; There will be a general business meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers Thursday evening, October 30, at 7 c30 p m in room 302 of the Union Members come out for discussion of arrangements for future activities —TOPINKA All Sophomore UnionTWorkers who haVe little movie convo tickets please bring money or tickets to the Union office Iw Thursday ' Oct 30
-REEVES
Alpha Zeta* Debris picture will be taken Tuesday November 4 at 9 40 p m in south ballroom of Union Wear suit coats
—SWAIM
Fourth Movie Convo < Continued from page 1) icans All,” a March of 'fime Subject, at 3:53 and 4:59. jBand featurilis scheduled for the coming weeks include the orchestras of Woody Herman, Vincent Lopez, “Skinny” Ennis, and Jan Garber.
Today On WBAA
Classified Ads
Money ta Loan; on anything of value Albert’s Loan Office. Pawnbrokers and Jeyrelers, 407 Columbia Et. Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette Phone 2779. Wanted: Experienced student soda clerks Thirty cents per hour Apply G. 0 Arbuckle, Ca^y Hall South ''Lost: A Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity badge, sOme place between Sixth and Waldron. streets and the Stadium m West Lafayette Finder please get in touch with the president of the Lambda Chi Alpha fra-
ternity
For Sale* Man’s full dress suit, beautifully tailored worn a few times, a bargain. Phone 56632 Lost on campus, a slide rule Name on
jl
Alpha Phi Omega Overnight hike Sat
urday, November 1, to Cary Camp Leaving case R L Burtner, Tel 4031
Union 7.80 p m Call me (2648) for reservations any evening atfer six p m "" —SIGLER
Lost: Sigma Nu pin Finder please call
Hal Knight. 8444 Reward.
THURSDAY 10:09—News
10.10—Curiu Man 10:15—WBAA Presents 10:39—Listen While You Work 11*00—^Federated Clubs
11:15—Music
11:30—Patent-Yeacher AssociatiolF 11:50—^Purdue News 12:00—^Agncultural Forum 12:15—^Meet the Band 12:45—(Flexible for epecial eventffjr 1:00^—Souvenirs 1:30—Science Review
1:45—Markeife
2:00—A Story a Day 2 16—The Apothecary
2:30—Music *•
2:45—-Treasure Chest
3:00—News ^ 3:10—^Building for Defense
3:15—Afternoon Melodies 3:30—Musical Round-up 4:00—^Tea Time Tunes
4:15—Heard in the Hallway j 4.30— David l^mpson, pianist
4:45—^Little Miss Muffett
5:00—Just Relax
5.30— Vespers
5 45—Cuno Man
5:60—News
6:00—Dinner Music 6‘30—Sports Review 6 45—Tho Biagic Caipet 7.00— “Principles of Sociology’* with Prof. T. K. Noss 7.50—Music ,, 8.00— Story of the Opera 8 30—Eventide Echoes ^ 8 45—Sacred Music , 9 00—Maury Mahn’s Band
9 30—Music 9 50—News
10 00—OFF THE AIR PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS M. E. MOREHOUSE
DAIRY
QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
With the formal reason comuig >ou 11 want to have-a new evening gown In a dream of a dress, it’ll make the evening a date for him to remember. DRESS SHOP RENEE,S South Side Square