Y
>'5^1
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning but Monday By Students Of Purdue University
-Bm
Purdue
THURSDAY September 29, 1938 Lafayette# btdGbiui VoL 50 No. 14
»•'
'History In The Making' To Be Opened For Inspection Tonight At Discussion
Trophy Donor
“History In the Making” will be opened for inspection tonight in the faculty lounge at 7:30 as Charlie Murphy, Frank Hall, and J. W. Robinson, of the history and eco- • nomics department, discuss j^The Crisis In Central Europe.” With all of Europe under arms and world peace a matter of gravest doubt, student interest in the international drama has been running high. The timeliness of the topic has stimulated interest in this, the first of a series of open forums. Questions and Comments Student question and comment are to be in order after a preliminary discussion by the three faculty men. The University of Chicago radio forums are being used as a pattern. Tau Kappa Alpha, forensics honorary, is sponsoring the forum. Regular meetings at intervals of about two weeks are planned, with students assuming responsibility for both leading and discussing current questions. The next subject will be announced at tonight’s meeting, said R. A. Buckles, Tau Kappa Alpha president. Students May Buy Half Price Tickets For Butler Battle Students who are planning to take advantage of the opportunity to obtain tickets for the Butler contest at Indianapolis Saturday at half-price must purchase their tickets at the main ticket office in the Fieldhouse by tomorrow afternoon, Bob Woodworth, acting athletic director, announced last night. According to the special agreement made with Butler for cutrate student tickets, a student may obtain a reserved seat for 75 cents plus 15 cents tax, a total of 90 cents. Students may obtain the halfprice tickets at the ticket office on presentation of their passports. Only one ticket may be purchased by a student, and the tickets are nontu'ansferable. In order to obtain admission at the Butler stadium, the student tickets must be presented along with the passports in the same manner that tickets are handled here for home games. Agriculturist Frosh Meet This Afternoon In Ag Hall Agriculture freshmen interested in working in any department of the Agriculturist should meet today today at 4 p. m. in the assembly room of Agriculture Hall, according to L. D. Kingsley, editor of the magazine. Persons who are unable to attend the meeting should contact any member of the staff, or report to the magazine’s office in the Memorial Union.
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Fair, and slightly cooler in north portion today; tomorrow fair and somewhat warmer.
Maury Will Play For Swing Session Irvan Maury and his “swing in glory” orchestra will play for a swing session in the Union ballroom Saturday evening from 7:15 to 8. There will be no admission charge. At the last “swing session,” Glen Goff packed the ballroom prior to the mixer. Maury will play for the mixer Saturday night starting at nine o’clock. The orchestra will feature Darlene Mahns, “the darling of swing,” Agricultural Groups Prepare Stunts For Reception Tonight Arrangements have been completed for entertaining between 200 and 300 freshman agricultural students at the annual Ag Reception at the Livestock Judging Pavilion at 7:15 tonight. Members of the Dairy Club, Horticulture Club, Agronomy Society, and Thomas Say Entomological Society, as well as other student groups, have prepared stunts. Also, heads of these groups, as well as of other agricultural^ clubs, will give short informative talks about their organizations. Dean V. C. Freeman, acting dean of the school of agriculture, will be on hand to aid in the introduction of the instructional staffs of the various departments. Upper classmen will supply freshmen with name cards when they enter the pavilion as a step toward helping new men and faculty members to become acquainted. Seniors in Alpha Zeta and Ceres, scholastic and agronomy honoraries, have made the arrangements for the reception. As this is one of the few opportunities that many freshmen will have to meet staff members, sponsors of the affair encourage every new man to attend. Admission is free, and refreshments will be served. Latest Recordings Will Furnish Music For PIA Tea Dance Tea dancing in the Union ballroom Saturday afternoon will be to the music of latest recordings over a public address* system, and not to the music! of Bob Shinn’s PIA orchestra, a^had been previously announced. The dance, sponsored by the Purdue Independent Association, will be open to all. Several members of the orchestra are leaving Saturday morning to appear with the Military Band at the Butler football game, which necessitated the change. This tea dance will be free for all students, although the following 14 tea dances scheduled for the year by PIA will be open only to members and guests. PIA salesmen will be posted at the ballroom doors to sell memberships to independent students who wish to join the PIA.
Charm School Starts This Afternoon In Women’s Lounge; Cooley, Berry Lead
At last something is going to be done about the flat-heels and glasses of the traditional Purdue co-ed. This afternoon at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union, the Charm School will open its doors to many eager students. Union Executives Sully Mason and Ted Cabonargi will expound their views on the ideal co-ed. Report has it that front seats, usually avoided in classrooms, will be at a premium. Committees from YWCA, under Catherine Cooley, and WSGA, un-
MT Department Releases Relative Ranking Of Junior ROTC Officers
MB’s Win G.A. Young Trophy For Third Consecutive Year
Prof. G. A. Young, who donated the senior cord parade trophy that was won by the seniors of the mechanical engineering school. “I am pleased with the interest schools are taking in the parade. It has been getting better and better for the last few years, and I hope that it will continue to do so,” he said last night. Lull Calls Varsity Debate Meeting This Afternoon Men interested in varsity debate will meet this afternoon in room 301 of University Hall, according to an announcement by P. E. Lull, director of forensic activities. The purpose of the meeting is to select a squad to meet the Big Ten teams in the debate league next Novem-
ber.
The subject of the debate is; Resolved: The United States should form an alliance with Great Britian. Men will not be required to speak on the subject at the meeting this afternoon. All men interested in debate work are urged to attend. The team will be built primarily around the men fiom last year’s squad; Don Paarlberg, Joe Rittenhouse. Bob Sasser, Bob Buckles, Maurice Karnowsky, John Swander, and Herbert Fishburn. L. S. Winch, in charge of the men’s team for the first semester, R. M. Horn and Robert King, freshman directors, will attend the meet-
ing.
WBAA To Audition
Purdue's Band Will Make First Public Showing Saturday One of the highlights of the Purdue-Butler game Saturday, which marks the first invasion of Indianapolis by 'a Boilermaker eleven in 30 years, will be the first public appearance of the year of Purdue’s justly famous 130-piece band. The band will parade through downtown Indianapolis and also between halves of the game. Under the direction of Prof. P. S. “Spots” Emrick the band has taken enough firsts to assure itself a place in the hall of fame of collegiate bands. Introduced Ideas The Purdue band was not only the first to use alphabetical letter marching formaijons, but also the first to utilize a giant bass drum and as many as eight glockenspiels, the first to use a symphonic entree on the gridiron, and the first to display a completely illuminated band at night. In compliance with army regulations, freshmen will wear their new uniforms, consisting of long pants and coats similar to those of the regular ROTC uniform. As a result, all formations have been planned so that the ofd and new uniforms will be harmoniously grouped. The band will leavp Lafayette at 9 a. m. on a special train, scheduled to arrive in Indianapolis at 10:30 a. m. The band will proceed directly to the Claypool Hotel to form for the morning parade which is scheduled to start at 10:45 a. m.
After four days of checking, counting, and re-counting the attendance lists, the committee in charge of awarding the G. A. Young Trophy announced that the mechanicals had won the trophy for the third consecutive year. The mechanicals had 245 present out of a possible 267 for a percentage of 93 per cent. The electricals were second with 124 out of 136 for 91.6 per cent. The civils ran a close third with 90.6 per cent, having 57 out of 63 seniors at the parade, and the chemicals came in last with an even 100 out of a possible 114 for 87.5 per cent. Began Three Years Ago The trophy which was first offered three years ago by G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school, in an effort to promote interest in the senior day parade which had been gradually becoming a travesty, has never left the 'Engineering Building. The trophy is given to the engineering school having the greatest percentage of its seniors in the senior day parade. Each year the other schools have come out prepared to take the coveted trophy away from the mechanicals, but each year the mechanicals always seem to have a larger per cent of the seniors there than the year before, and retain the trophy. Douglas C. Harvey, president of Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical honorary, stated, “We have won it for three years now and are ready to win it for thi’ee years more.” James M. Willis of the chemical school stated, “While we didn’t do so well this year, we hope that next year’s class can do better.” Westwood House Elects Students living at 416 West Wood street elected the following house officers at a recent meeting: Charles McGaughey, president; Nelson Tait vice-president; and Joe Clark, secretary - treasurer. The students chose “Westwood” for their house name.
Freshmen Interested In Exponent Training
Announcers Today Qourse To Meet Tonight In Union Building Radio annoiirioei’s warit.odl Ttip »
der Tieva Berry, are jointly sponsoring the monthly sessions of the Charm School. The Charm Schools of many eastern campuses graduate many “ideal co-eds” every year. This is the first time that the idea has been tried at Purdue. After the regular session, girls planning to go through rush are asked to stay after school when Miss Coolidge and Jean Stolz, president pf Pan-Hellenic, will hold additional classes on appropriate clothes and manners for rush.
Radio announcers wanted! The University radio station WBAA will hold its regular audition today for all students intei’ested in becoming radio announcers in the WBAA
station.
Although the meeting is primarily to pick announcers, all those who feel that they can announce or have some other talent, should come. The studio is on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering Building. Tryouts will be divided into two periods for the convenience of the candidates. The first period is from 8-11 a. m. and the - second period will extend from 5 p. m. until all trying candidates have been exam-
ined.
“Additions to the staff will be made from this audition; the succeeding members will be called back,” said G, D. Williams, program director for WBAA. Boy's Eye Removed Following Accident As a result of an automobile accident last Saturday afteimoon in which his mother was also injured, Teddy Purchla, five-year-old son of Sgt. and Mrs. T. W. Purchla, had his left eye removed by physicians at St. Elizabeth Hospital yesterday morning. Last night he was reported resting well. The accident occurred on Vine street Just north of State. The car was driven by Robert Shrinner, Jr. Mrs. Purchla is bruised but was not confined to the hospital. Teddy was sevei'ely cut about the head.
Tonight the second of a series of three training course meetings for the business staff of the Exponent will be held at 7:15 in the tower room of the Union. Last Sunday the first meeting was held in the form of a smoker, and over 75 freshmen turned out to meet the staff members and get information they desired. However, anyone who was unable to attend at last Sunday’s meeting and would like to work on the Exponent, is urged to be at tonight’s meeting. It is very important that everyone interested be at this meeting, since the roll will be taken and assignments to the different divisions of the staff will be made. Members of the committee said the meeting would be brief and to the point. Staff Members To Talk The business staff is divided into six distinct groups. They are local advertising, circulation, sales, national advertising, accounts and art. Business Manager R. R. Hensler and Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves will give short general talks on the business staff. E. M. Antonini, local advertising manager, will explain the duties of the members of his staff. W. F. Berg, circulation manager, is going to tell of the work to be done on his staff, and V. Daugherty sales manager, will discuss the duties of the freshmen who will work ^der him. 'The Exponent’s Na-
tional Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin and Accounts Manager W. E. Smith are going to give brief talks on their respective staffs. The last distinct division of the business staff is the art department which is headed by Doris J. Henninger. This staff, is of special interest to the co-eds and all artistically inclined people. Doris will hold a discussion on her staff. Also Merle Hagemeyer will explain the co-eds place on the business staff. Brener Urges Importance G. W. Breuer, of the personnel staff, urges that all who intend to work on the staff as freshmen this year should be at this meeting. Everyone present must choose the staff they wish to work on. The heads of the different departments will supervise a twomonth training course during which time all workers will be able to get acquainted with the work on that individual staff. If, after this training period the freshman wishes to change staffs, provisions will be made to suit his desires. Roger Williams Club Will Hold Fall Picnic Saturday Saturday afternoon the Roger Williams club of the West Lafayette Baptist Chm-ch will hold its annual fall picnic at Big Qireek Cottage on the Tippecanoe. Those going are asked to meet at the Baptist Church at 1:16 o’clock that afternoon.
Relative rankings of the 183 junior ROTC students—^all ca^ det second lieutenants—^were released yesterday by Capt. F. H. Morse, adjutant of the University corp. The complete list of junior officers as issued by the military department includes: J. A. Hebbeler, R. C. Becker, H. G. Kolb, R. R. Cooper, H. M. Knight, C- F. Hotler, R. A. Specker, R. L. Reiley, R. E. Houser, A. H. Extort, A. C. Perrin, D. Butterfield, L. B. Counterman, E. Maurey, F. H. Hurst, J. G. Eilering, R. H. Tumbell, A. G. Bignall, C. H. Bonnet, L. L. Lyles. W. O. McWorkman, J. D. Hoffman, H. W. Nevin, S. D. Ramseyer, H. E. Schooley, K. C. Houston, R. A. Fink, J. S. Williams, C. G. Moller, J. W. Cochrun, W. H. Mytinger, V. D. Hobbs, H. S. Laycock, R. L. Polley, E. Carlquist, W. G. Carter, W. E. Spreuer, E. G. Hobbs, O. Duckworth, R. F. Hastings. More Rankings R. W. Huffman, H. F. Kratz, C. J. Ancker, L. E. Morrison, A. V. Pustello, L. p. Havener, A. R. Cornell, R. Glasser, J. P. Smith, C. K. Milner, F. B. Kuchinsky, W. A. Hardesty, H. C. Dellinger, J. O. (Continued on page 4) Late News Bulletin LONDON—Europe was halted on the brink of war tonight by a swiftly called peace conftrence of Great Britain, France, Germany, and Italy. The four powers working against expiration of Germany’s 24-hour suspension of mobilization pljans, will meet today in Munich seeking some peaceful solution of Adolf Sutler’s demands for Czechoslovakian SUdentenland by October 1. , If any solution of the GermanCzechoslovak problem is reached the big four might go on to wider issues in an effort to achieve a general European settlement. Thus peace, menaced by the ever mounting millions of men under arms got a last reprieve. BERLIN—The peace conference at Munich tomorrow to be attended by the ranking statesmen of four leading European powers was semiofficially described here tonight as Hitler’s “last effort to accomplish peaceful cession of Sudetenland.” However, a sinister note was struck by Goebbels, German propaganda minister, when he said that one way or another Germany meant to have Sudetenland. WASHINGTON—Washington tonight heartily applauded the decision of Europe’s great nations to try the conference table again instead of resorting to the battle field. President Roosevelt, the author of repeated appeals for peace and too, of a letter which urged Premier Mussolini to take a hand in the situation, was tremndously pleased. PARIS—Premier Edouard Daladier tonight cautiously avoided any advance demonstration of optimism as he prepared for tomorrow’s fourpower peace conference at Munich, Germany. There was a possibility, according to a report in diplomatic circles that the Munich conference might debate a new French-British plan for the settlement of the Sudentenland crisis providing for “symbolic” occupation by Germany before Saturday/ of the undisputedly Germanic sec^ tions, but with an international commission guaranteeing Czechoslovakia’s frontiers pending adjustment of other areas. ROME—A vast crowd, evidently relieved at the momentary lifting of the war clouds, gave Mussolini an uproarious sendoff as he deliarted to assume the role of mediator in the German-Czech crisis. Mussolini was requested both by Prime Minister Chamberlain and President Roosarelt to use his great influmee to luring about a heaceful solution of the question.M
I' ;
li.
£djijb/dal
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J^SUXJtWiSA
Thursday, September 29, 1938
Sororities Defined...
The national pan-hellenic council defines a college fraternity or sorority as “an organization of college students in colleges all over America; in each college a selective group held together closely by bonds of congeniality, loyalty, and high ideals.”
Each of the seven groups at Purdue next week will be seeking to invite to membership girls who will continue to bind the sorority chapter together as a unit—girls who they feel are suited to their group. To do this they will carefully look over the group presenting itself and select those whom their complete membership agrees upon as most congenial to the chapter. A vote of each chapter will decide whom it wishes to invite.
To a chapter which she joins, each girl is responsible as a part of the group, whose standards she must help preserve and for which she must give her best efforts. She will be expected to attend a weekly meeting and contribute at each of these her best advice and vote.
In joining a sorority she agrees that she approves the method of selective membership and a period of training called pledgeship. She must remember that pledging is not initiation and she must continue to please the chapter if she is to be initiated. This period of 108 days ■will be a period of days of varying degrees of hazing by members.
The chapter house will afford her after she leaves the Residence Hall a good place to live in companionable surroundings. To those who live in rooming houses this year the chapter house will provide more room in which to “live”—Surroundings which more nearly approach her home life.
The pros and cons of the question you have gone over for yourself. You all have a copy of the green backed Purdue News—the freshman bible—which contains the complete copy of the Purdue pan-hellenie council rules. Read
the Purdue Exponent
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO ' Boston ' Los Angeles - San Francisco
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief... Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R, Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. ..■. L. S. Hardin City Editor.. , D. A. Bailey Associate Editors..r.G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Bnsiness Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager ..JE. M. Antonini Circulation Manager..: -W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager — W. E. Smith Art Director.. —D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor...... ..: ^ — ; Sally McKee
Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
Associate Editors.
SPORTS STAFF Editor.:.. ... R. L. McDonald Associate Editors — .....J. A. Hebbeler, R, Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Iiafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street,' Lafayette, Indiana
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Pnrduo University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not nec^sarily coincide with the offoial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—^Miers Thursday, September 29, 1938
them over very carefully before you reach a decision, If you have any questions, take them to persons without prejudice.'—^F. S. McK.
Cinema Cues
By Betty Wickard “Carefree,” newest hit of that popular team, Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, is being held over at the New Main theater and may be seen the rest of this week, including the midnight showing Saturday. Lively comedy, new songs, and dance numbers, including the “Yam,” make the picture worth seeing. “The Gladiator,” starring Joe E. Brown, Columbia Picture’s widemouthed comedian will occupy the screen of the Lafayette theater today through Saturday. As a star football player and wrestler, Joe is the idol of the co-eds, especially when he throws Man Mountain Dean in a hilarious wrestling match. The Jones family, including Jed Prouty, Spring Byington, Shirley Dean, and Ken Howell return to the screen of the Mars in “Safety in Numbers.” Mrs. Jones agrees to broadcast on the radio as a domestic counselor, and when her own son writes in anonymously for advice on his elopement, the fun begins.
Rita Rio and her all-girl band comprise the feature attraction on the stage of the Mars Saturday, October 1. On the screen, Gloria Stuart takes the part of a woman lawyer who defends her husband, Lanny Ross, against the charge of murdering “the other woman” in “The Lady Objects,” Columbia Picture’s new dramatic film.
At the Luna September 29 to October P, “Convicted,” a murder thriller features Rita Hayworth as a torch singer and Charles Quigley as a detective who believes in her story. “Panamint’s Bad Man,” a Twentieth Century-Fox picture with Smith Bellew and Evelyn Daw.
Arc patrons may see “Saturday’s Heroes,” an pction-crammed foot-, ball picture, to be shown today and through Saturday. Van Heflin and Marian Marsh are the featured players. Tom Tyler in “Rip Roaring Buckaroos” completes the double feature prograni.
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING By Enrolling In Our NEW ADVANCED CL'iiSS, Friday, Sept. 30, 7:00 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASS, 6:30 p. m. CHILDREN’S CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, OCT. 1ST PHONE 2150
1 $5000
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
.. .CO
J e 1^
MODERN STYLING...“Superstreamed”. Modern colors.
Grip fits your fingers.
ONLY
%
CONSTANT INK CONTROl... One stroke fills pen. Faststarting. Steady ink-flow. INK-WINDOW.
tOlbar froMi ^512^0
YOUR PENPOINT . .. Handcrafted, 14 kt., solid-gold, iridium-tipped points suit your writing.
PLUS
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licfity
Where there is a will there’s a way with these sororities. It' seems that the Pi Phis and the Kappas were rushing a certain BETTY COUVER and both were nose and nose. So the Kappas conceived the idea of having Delt pledge FRED MENDEZ focus his attention in BETTY’S direction.
'So far MENDEZ has offered the girl everything that has popped into his mind, even going so far as mentioning a Delt pin after initiation. We also understood that FRED was assigned the job of rushing TOT McQUEEN. Just who foots all these date bills, FRED?
The new variety show Campus Caravan, which has just been recently inaugurated on our campus, called rehearsal the other day and while reading through the lines they came across the phrase “The girl was made.” Feeling that this was just a touch on the rough side the lines were altered to read “The girl was manufactured.”
‘Don’t you dare throw that hat away—it’s cost me a fortune in check-rooms.”
The definition of a fraternity serenade is a mob of guys making a lot of noise, disturbing the sorority bull sessions, tramping down the grass, and throwing cigarette butts all over the lawn. This is not to mention the awakening of the nearby neighbors.
gala occasion of the first meeting of the Charm Schooil. The idea has without a shadow of a doubt, a place in Purdue. By th’ bye, any girl that doesn’t turn out a charmer, why not just throw a scarf oyer her and call her a piano.
It’ll brush right olf; So be a little soft And see how easy you find it.
Sports Staff
Well today is the day for the
SUGGESTION It’s a dirty shame To call folks names But no need to be narrow-minded.
There will be a meeting of all members of the Exponent sports staff at 7:30 Thursday evening in the Union office.
ARC
THURS. THRU SAT.
S.XN'' RKO - RADIO Picture —AND—
-— Also — Zorro Rides Again
u w ^ NOW SHOWING
*
■
Tufrcthtn Hiruitv ...for thv ihrUi of n Ufolim^
fiCJ'P Topping ' ^ the Highs
of All Their
Previous
Hits!
'O'iiRtJiv Piciuru
A Movie Quiz Picture also Mickey Mouse Cartoon
ADMISSION
Night and Sundays
...35c
Matinees TUl 6 p. m....
...25c
Children Always
...lOc
ten times as funny as their best becouss IhU ■,he Joneses or® , toget^pl
SAFETY IN MUtHBERS
JED PROUTY • SHIRLEY DEANE SPRING BYINGTON * RUSSELL GLEASON KEN HOWELL • GEORGE ERNEST JUNE CARLSON • FLORENCE ROBERTS BILLY MAHAN • MARVIN STEPHENS IVA STEWART • HENRY KOLKER
MAm TODAY - FRI.
r't rt'
MEET THE HOWLING OF HILARITY!
Plus Fill D’Orsay Musical Comedy
m
LJinni£TT£
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.Thursday# September 23* 1938
THE PUBDHE
EXPONENT
Elward Concentrates Riveters' Work On Stopping Butler's Great Negro Halfback Morningstar Replaces Paul Humphrey At Center
Preparing to renew the series with the Boilermakers’ oldest grid rival when the squad invades Indianapolis for the first time in 35 years to meet Butler Saturday, Coach Mai Elward concentrated his charges yesterday afternoon on building a defense capable of stopping the ground gaining jaunts of Tom Harding, the Bulldogs’ colored halfback flash. Impresseji by reports of scouts regarding Harding’s running ability, Elward sent the team through a lengthy defensive session. Elward Warns Riveters “Butler will really hav6 us on the spot if we let down any after that Detroit game,” warned Elward. “This Saturday battle will be the high spot of the Bulldog schedule, and you can depend on it that Tony Hinkle will have his gang keyed to the limit to take us over.” In the afternoon’s session, Augie Morningstar replaced the injured Paul Humphrey at center, while Bob Vyverburg and Mike Byelene worked at right halfback in place of Lou Brock. Brock, however, is expected to be back in action in ample time to take his place in the lineup Saturday.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
Hartnett's Home Run Puts Cubs In First With two out in the ninth inning. Manager “Gabby” Hartnett, of the Chicago Cubs, hit a home run over the left center-field wall to win the second game of the crucial series with the Pittsburgh Pirates, 6 to 6. The game was nip and tuck all the way. The Cubs had to come from behind twice to tie the Pirates; once in the sixth inning to tie the score at three all, and again in the eighth they scored two runs to tie it at five all. The Pirates were retired easily in their half of the ninth. In the Cub half the first two men were easy outs for the Pirates. Hartnett then came up and with two strikes on him, hit the ball 385 feet over the left center field wall. This victory puts the Cubs a half game in the le^d and betters their prospects of winning the pennant. The last game of this series will be played tomorrow, after which the C«bs move on to St. Louis and the Pirates to Cincinnati. Root Was the winning pitcher and Mace Brown the losing hurler. The Cubs made six runs, 12 hits, and no errors, while the Pirates made five runs, 10 hits and three errors.
HOW'S YOUR RESISTANCE NOW?
Could you pass up a luscious cake like this? Our specialty is light, temptingly flavored cakes, beautifully decorated. Once you've tried them, you'l I always come back for more. Graves quality Bakery
M®W
You’ll Want Stunning
ALL SIZES
of ukm sum <i)i4 doll mm mmt 004^ %|l ;\ * ! 5 4
witll ]
HOSIERY—Clear and Perfect 59c to $1.15 BAGS—Copies of Expensive Styles-...$1.00-$ 1.95
332 Main Street
Lafayette
■fielder’*^-.. * ....choice
By Bruce Witwer Gabby Hartnett really showed his boys how to play ball yesterday . . his homer in the last of the ninth to break a 5-5 tie and push the Cubs out in front of the Pirates saved the day and how . . . League leaders now by half a game . . . From all of the ovations accorded “Gabby” from the student body assembled in the Union yesterday to listen to the game, you’d haYe believed it was a Chicago pep rally rather than just a crowd of baseball mad Boilermakers.
—fc—
In the past it has always been the custom of this column to run biographies of seniors on Purdue’s athletic teams ... Do you reader’s want them this year too? ... Now is the time to vote, with no box tops or cigarette wrappers needed to cast your ballot. FIELDER’S CHOICE BIOGRAPHIES
Wrestlers Will Report Td Fieldhouse For Initial Practice Session Monday
Ten-Meet Schedule Planned With Four Probable Home Matches; Six Lettermen, Eight Frosh Return From Last Year
Claude Reeck
Yes
No .
Mark the ballot and send it in so we can get an idea of what you want. —^fc— The frosh punters went through a little practice the other day and their appearances were quite promising . . . some of the yearlings were boosting spirals through the ozone for 45 and 55 yards at a time . . . nice indications of future power on the Riveter gridiron. —^fc— Duane Purvis’ right arm doesn’t seem to have lost any of its passing ability through old age or the hardening of the arteries . . . out on the freshman drill field Tuesday he picked up an old football that he didn’t want used ... let it fly
. . . who will resume duties as Purdue’s wrestling coach for the second consecutive year.
with an easy motion . . . and the managers caught it on the fly on the sidelines about 50 yards away . . . Maybe we could talk him into changing his name and then sign him up on the squad again. —fc— After last year’s 33-7 defeat at the hands of the Boilermakers, the Butler Bulldogs came through the next six games of the season without being scored upon . . . that’s why revenge will be their keynote for attack Saturday as they come out fresh from a win over Ball State to keep their losing side of the slate spotless.
Detty Threw Her CARPUS Out of Gear! • In other words, sprained her wrist. Seems Betty’s foimtain pen suddenly stalled. It was full, but ink simply wouldn’t flow. She shook . . . and she shook! And she shook// No luck. So she SHOOKII! Crack went her wrist out of kilter. Too bad, Betty! Next time, fill up with Penit —the sure-flowing, trouble-free, easy-writing ink that behaves in any make of fountain pen. You can get a handsome 2-oz. bottle for 15c; or a 4-oz. bottle with chamois penwiper for 25c at your college supply store. Try it. SANFORD’S o
The Pen-Tested Ink for All Makes of Fountain Pens
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory ,
• Locksmith
• Professional
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119V2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locKs, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N 5th St. Phone 2828
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
• Jewelers
• Tailor
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Have your suits and overcoats made by a professional tailor at moderate prices H. BEHRENS 126 N. 6th Ball Bldg.
Under the observation of Coach Claude Reeck, Boilermaker wrestling potentate, grunt and groan artists of the mat move into action next Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock at the Fieldhouse for the initial practice session of the school year. “Men, with or without experience,
are requested to report for th6 first practice,” said Reeck, yesterday. “The wrestling coaching staff will teach potential matmen the tricks of the trade. The valuable experience of taking care of themselves in body movement, both offensively and defensively, should be the reward of concientious wrestlers.” Ten meets are being arranged with Western Conference Universities and other schools with at least four home contests listed on the
card.
All-Campus Tourney Previous to the first mat meet, an all-campus tourney will be hold November 24 and 25 with all men on the campus eligible to compete. Class weights for the two-day groan session will be 118, 126, 135, 145, 155, 175, and 185 pounds and the heavyweight class. There will be a weight allowance of three pounds for all contestants, according to
Reeck.
Major lettermen and nuclei of the current team returning this fall will be N. C. Gossard, senior, and N. B. Willey, junior. Minor lettermen are A. W. Dawson, E. H. Lederer, H. J. Seiber, and W. P. Tyrell. Freshman numeral men returning are C. W. Allmon, H. E. Freeman, J. H. Papurca, N. A. Phelps, J. W. Post, A. N. Rossi, W. L. Roth, C. E. Sohl, and J. Toth. Reeck is resuming his duties for the second consecutive year at the
* University as varsity and freshman
wrestling coach, instructor of phy-
Brinduse vs. Curry. sical education, and assistant fresh-
Richards vs. G. J. Frey or Hull. football coach.
Powell or Elley vs. Johnston or
Forsyth.
R. W. Berry vs. Hargesheimer.
Intramural
Notices SOFTBALL—TODAY
Diamond
1— ^Ward 7 vs. Ward 14. 2— Ward 1 vs. Ward 3. 3— Ward 2 vs. Ward 4. 4— Ward 6 vs. Ward 12. 5— ^Ward 5 vs. Ward 10. 6— ^Ward 8 vs. Ward 11. 7— Ward 9 vs. Ward 13. 8— Ward 1-X vs. Ward 15. 9_Ward 2-X vs. Ward 7-X.
10— Ward 10-X vs. Ward 11-X. 11— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 6. 12— Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 7. 13— Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 8. 14— Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 9. 15— Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 10.
CLASS TENNIS—4:15
Pruitt vs. Moffke.
Ed Vaughan vs. Van Diense or
Smulevitz.
Kimmell vs. Daley or Mefford.
Bosart vs. Lucht.
Deutman vs. Hindman.
Shadrick vs. Lovett or Gust
Gonzales vs. Krieger. R. Wagner vs. Don Hall.
G. Frye vs. J. H. Johnson. Kerwin vs. Moninger. Paul Johnson vs. Balaishis Meier vs. Fulewider.
Sigma Delta Psi
First tryouts for Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary, will be held in the Ross-Ade Stadium today at
4 o’clock.
—KELLER.
In a Class by Itself! Ute Arrow New Tnunp takes all campus honors for smartness and durability. The long-wearing collar, as tough as it is, is always gentle to your neck, and keeps smooth and fresh all day long. New Trump, like its Arrow brothers, is Sanforized-Shrunk . . . and Mitoga tailored to fit It’s one of Arrow’s outstanding valyes at $2. A MOSHIRTS
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles at GULLION'S' \
V 1
otoaxL ad&.
THE FtTHDli^
Entire A.
tHursijay, September 29, 1938
^'ft >8
'i!
4 I
MT Department- -
(Continued from page 1)
South, H. K. Clark, E. C. Schrader, J. B. Jackson, G. Palikucha, R. E. Stradling, M. A. Ahlin. L. D. Bown, R. S. Lukenbill, R. L. Oblinger, R. F. Gerding, L. W. Archibald, G. B. McGinnis, M. L. Meier, E. N. Stiver, W. D. Croft, Jr., R. Obenchain. E. H. RoepstrofF, G. E. Bruington, L. L. McConnell, J. R. May, C. F. Lutz, W. M. Boam, W. F. Berg, K. L. Mullholland, H. S. Jewett^ C. E. Bowman. H. B. LaForce, H. 0. Monson, J. M. Rice, F. E. Franz, S. D. Weld, L. A. Nesius, E. S. Pavy, W. M. Gibbs, A. J. Golden, J. U. Graham, E. L. Slagle, F. R. Fei’guson, E. L. Sanders, R. E. Potts, E. L. Molzahn, L. L. Holmes, R. C. Potter, H. Frazee, R. L. Colby, C. Boyd, C. E. Kramer. 0. E. Griest, T. J. Jarman, A. R. Shackleton, J. W. Munk, G. E. Olson, N. S. Pliner, C. F. Sopcak, T. A. Hams, H. E. Meeker, R. H. Conklin, F. Hersey, H. W. Soderstrom, G. R. Frye, W. E. Wager, D. L. Brubeck, J. C. Smalley, B. S. Hegg, B. H. Coffman, L. M. Hauprich, G. W. Breuer. Last 63 Juniors Jf L. Sinimons, D. R. Rees, R. I. Coppes, A. W. Rifenburgh, H. V. Glendening, J. J. Haiges, H. A. Brehmer, C. R. Pandel, R. N. Speier, W. R. Ott, L. L. Bushong, C. J. Echterling, F. N. Prater, M. F. Wildish, F. S. Hallett, R. C. Stroup, H. S. Williams, H. W. Heubner, F. G. Fultz, L. E. Freyman. W. B. Strong, G. M. Garcina, T. A. Weldon, L. L. Wells, F. B. Kelsey, C. M. Ludwig, F. S. Bremer, G. W. Smith, J. Anderson, R. J. Waggle, J. Messmore, H. W. Kashner, G. A. Godsey, W. E. Madden, W. M. Hilt, J. I. Dean, P. T. Cooper, R. B. Fugate, C. V. Gagen, W. J. Meek. A. G. Schuber, S. P. Steinbach, R. P. Witt, J. W. Benjamin, A. F. Vogel, L. E. Lucas, W. E. Unger, G. J. Nicklas, A. G. Bale, F. B. Hartman, P. H. Wolfard, W. B. Loeffler, R. W. Viehe, J. E. Dailey, P. J. Diffley, R. P. Seale, W. J. Tornehl, G. G. Burke, R. Jenkins, B. H. Burns, D. W. Hallstein, 0. J. Henderson and B. Tibbetts.
iring Swimmers T^Reception Today Reception for freshmen interested in swimming and the freshman swimming team will be held tonight in the reception room of the Union Building at 7:30. Sponsored by the Dolphin Club, swimming honorary, and the swimming coaching staff, the meeting will be turned into a freshman discussion. A1 Carr, Dolphin prexy, will introduce the coaches and faculty members of the Dolphin Club. Varsity Coach LaBree wiff present his varsity swimmers, and Coach Eastwood his 1941 numeral men. After these brief introductions the meeting will be turned over to the freshmen, and refreshments will be served. All fi-eshmen interested are urged to come, by the coaches, as they will be given the opportunity to sign up at the meeting. Sophomore numeral men are invited, also faculty members and varSity men. “Freshman swimming season will start on Monday, October 3,” stated Coach Eastwood, A good turn out is expected tonight because of the proximity of the season’s opening.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 51 1 Ferry St. Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
Engineering Staff fndiana Poultrymen To Convene Monday Start 3-Day Session
A “get acquainted” meeting of the engineering staff will be held Monday evening in the faculty lounge of Memorial Union Building An informal social session providing an opportunity for old and new members to meet one another will occupy the first part of the program. L. P. Alvin, a consulting engineer of Neuilly, France, will be the chief speaker of the evening. Alvin is connected with the operation of the French canal system and has been in this country attending the International Management Congress. “All members of the administrative, teaching, research, and extension staffs of the engineering schools and departments are invited to attend this meeting,” announced Dean A. A. Potter.
As EE Professor Robert P. Sisking has been appointed associate professor of electrical engineering in charge of the communication courses, to succeed Dr.. C. B. Aiken, who resigned to engage in private consulting business. Professor Sisking holds degrees in electrical engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard Engineering school. Prior to his appointment to the University, Piofessor Sisking was in charge of courses in power transmission in the Harvard Engineering school. Last summer he was employed by the Bell Telephone Laboratories and was engaged in communication network design. Cosmopolitan Club To
Purdue Cosmopolitans will meet tomorrow night in faculty lounge at 7:30 for their first meeting of the year. The meeting will be a combination of business meeting and social hour. ^ Prof. Howard Baldwin, faculty advisor, will address the meeting; Horace Clevenger, alumni member, and Nurettin Ayasun, president of the organization, will also speak. The meeting is to acquaint the campus of the purpose and activities of the organization. Membership in the organization is open to all University students.
$5000
Indiana hatcherymen, over 150 strong yesterday attended the opening meeting of the three-day annual meeting of the State Poultry Association of Indiana. These meetings are held annually at Purdue for the discussion of hatchery industry problems. William Kohlmeyer, Purdue poultry specialist, gave a report on Indiana’s part in the National Poultry Improvement Plan. The plan, which now^ is advocated in 42 states will Have the support of over onefifth of the hatchery’s of Indiana this coming year. One of the chief speakers of yesterday was Reese V. Hicks, executive secretary of the International Baby Chick Association, who spoke on current affairs of interest to hatcherymen. Dr. Cliff Carpenter, of the University of Kentucky, followed with a technical discussion of “breaks” in the pullorum testing program. The three-day meeting will come to a close Friday when special sessions will b@ held on tui’key raising and related problems. 'Best Round-Up Ever/ Says Husbandry Head “It was the best round-up we’ve ever had” explained Prof. F. G. King, head of the Animal Husbandry department, in his talk before the group last night. There were over 140 freshmen, upperclassmen, and instructors present. The group first gathered at the experimental farm and inspected the different buildings and animals. At about 6 a regular western cowboy’s grub was served in the Dean’s pasture, consisting of barbecued’ beef, baked beans, and black coffee. After supper the entire group ^■athered around a large bonfire.
and a program was presented from the rear of an old fashioned covered wagon. Lawr^ce Gobble, president of Hoof and Horn, was in charge of the program. After some group singing led by V. C. Freeman, assistant dean of agriculture, talks and cowboy acts were presented by C. Kessler, R. Harper, H. Woody, and John and Gilman Stewart.
TYPEWRITERS—^AU uvalces, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. LOST—Phi Delta Theta fraternity pin Return to Hariy Palmer, 603 State street. Phone 2004. Reward.
CALLING ALL FRATERNITIES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy—we set the t^e and furnish you galley proofs. You make up the dummy—we print and you are ready to mail. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
QUESTION ?—Why not use paper napkins—a nice embossed 1314x13% only $6.60 per 10,000 the case. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS—50 assorted lovely designs, with envelopes for $1.60. Finest quality art $3.00. Your name inscribed oh each free if desired. An ideal Xmas gift. Order early. Nichols & Co., Rockmart, Georgia.
CALL 7828 and order a case of 320economy toilet roll $4.60.
SINGLE OR DOUBLE ROOM;—Large closet and store room. One block from Engineering buildings. Call W. F. Wagner, 8411 after 4 p. m.
LOST^—General Electric Co. Diary in the Stadium at Detioit game. Owner Elbert Lewis, Chicago. Finder please call R. L. Myers 7425. Reward.
Student’s Bible Class; Meeting in room F of the Union Thursday, September 29, at 7:30 p. m. —BURBRINK.
Fraternity Presidents: Please send your checks, payable to Gimlet Club for tickets to intrasquad football game to R. S. Harper at the Alpha Gamma Rho House. (9-30) —HARPER.
Union Room Bids: Bids for special meetings and banquets must be written and handed in at the Student Union office before Saturday, October 1. —ASHTON.
Other pens from
$5
TO
$250
MODERN STYLING .. .“Superstreamed”. Modern colors. Grip fits your fingers. CONSTANT INK CONTROL ... One stroke fills pen. Fast-starting. Steady ink-flow. INK-WINDOW. YOUR PENPOINT . . . Handcrafted, 14 kt., solid-gold, iridium-tipped points suit your writing.
remember—IS NO SUBSTITUTE FOR WATERMAN'S INK
Shirts! Beautiful! Yes! You Too! CW Join the Fashion Parade In One of Ours
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Ag Freshmen: Attend free reception in Livestock Judging Pavilion at 7:16 tonight. September 29. —HARDIN.
Barbara Hyman, Helen Stallings, Marguerite Funkhouaer, and Laura Betty Gregory. —McKEE.
Union Sophomores: Report to work shop Thursday, September 29, at 4 p. m. —DEMARS.
Military Ball Committee: Meeting Thursday, September 29, at 4:00 p. m. in room 202 of the Armory. —TREEOE.
Exponent Directors: All elected members of the Exponent staff meet at 4:16 p. m. today, September 29, in the conference room o fthe Agriculture Experiment Station. —STANBACK.
Playshop: Players’ picnic Thursday, September 29. Meet at 4 p. m. in the rear of Fowler Hall. Bats will be provided; members should come prepared to hike. » —AHRENS.
Modern Dance Group: Practice for all old mmebers of the modern dance at 7 ;30 in the Women’s Gym Thursday, September 29 —NEWMAN.
Junior Modern Dance Group: All women students interested in modern dance please report to the Women’s Gym Thursday, September 29, at 4 :00. It is not necessary that students interested have any training or experience. All women students enrolled in the University are invited. —NEWMAN.
Forestry Club: All membership receipts for Forestry Club must be turned in for membership cards by Friday, September 80, to the membership committee. See your class representative before then or call 64111. —NICHOLS.
Wesley Foundation: Morning watch will be beld Thursday, September 29, at 7 ;30 a. m. with Cecil Warner as leader. —MELSER.
WAA Tennis Tournament: The following singles games should be played as soon as possible: Fishleigh vs. Thomas, Sbeay vs. Stocker, Holler vs. Himes, Swift vs. Frado, Hirschman vs. Schilling, Horne vs. Pidgeon, Miller vs. Stanely, Spry vs. Biesecker. Results are to be recorded on the WAA Bulletin Board in Memorial Gym. -WALKER.
Purdue Plying Club; Important meeting in room C of the Union Thursday, September 29, at 7:30 p. m. for class A members only. > —SKINNER.
Reamers: Turn in your tickets for the Wisconsin and Indiana football games to either Wright, Thatcher, or Jacks at 201 Vine street. (9-30) —JACKS.
Purdue Camera Club: Keys for the dark room will be available in the Student Union office Thursday and Friday, September 29 and 30. They may be gotten any time in the afternoon for 25 cents. —MORRISON.
Wesley Foundation: Street car hike followed by Weiner roast Friday, September 30, at 4:16. Tickets will be 16 cents or two for 26c. Meet at the Foundation. —KLINE.
Mechanical Engineering Students: Mechanicals are reminded that Thursday, September 29, is the deadline to join ASME in order to get pit passes for next year’s Indianapolis Speedway time trials. —WOLVERTON. Freshmen, Sophomore Co-eds: Girls interested in WSGA office committee, report to WSGA office any afternoon this week between 4 and 6:30 p. m. (9-30) —THRASHER.
Men’s Archery: Archery every week day at 4 p. m. on the men’s range north of Cary Hall and west of the Stadium. Equipment will be furnished. 10-5)) —KINZER, Exponent Freshman Co-eds: Those who work Friday, September 30, at 4 o’clock in room E of the Union are Carolyn Hedderick, Maiy Jane Bird, and Patricia Flint.Saturday workers who report at 11 o’clock in room E are Mary Cleveland, Naomi Ahel, Edna Nottingham and Jean Ann McClintock. —McKEE.
Co-eds; Charm school meets in women’s lounge of the Union Building, Thursday, September 29, at 4 p. m. —BERRY.
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting of all members Thursday, September 29, at 7 :00 p. m. in room A of the Union. —ZIMMER.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting in the faculty lounge of Union Building at 7 :30 p. m. Friday, September 30. All students interested in joining are welcome. —AYASUN.
Purdue Engineer: Following men report to Rice or Hart Thursday, September 29, at 4 in the Engineer office: Martinet, Batsford, Lawler, and Harper. —TAYLOR.
Motorcycle Riders: Riders interested in Purdue Motorcycle club meet at Budges cycle shop Friday, September 30, at 7 p. m. Steak fry date will be decided. —STRIEBY.
Juniors: All Juniors interested in coming out for Forensic manager or Purdue student speaker’s bureau leave petitions at the Union desk by noon Friday, September 30. Please state approximate scholarship index and any other activities. Call Carr at 6021 for details. —CARR.
Exponent Freshman Work Schedule: Today, September 29, the following girls report to room E of the Union at 4'o’clock:
Military Sophomores: Sophomores who have two F. A. Books No. 200 may turn in the new copy for full credit between Thursday, September 22 and Thursday, September 29th. —HOLMES.
10 SLIDE RULES— ENGINE DIVIDED ♦ V ON WHITE CELLULOID GLASS INDICATOR. A, B, C, AND D SCALES ON FACE. S, L AND T SCALES ON REVERSE SIDES. PURDUE VARIETY STORE
IN
NEED NO BREAKING IN
'Tliere are dozens of tricks in breaking in a pipe . . . but it’s no trick to break in a pair of Smith Smart Shoes. They’re designed from start to finish to give you that yours personally feeling at the first step! That, together with the fact that our salesmen are experts at fitting you properly, is the reason why more and more men are wearing Smith Smart Shoes this fall, VARSITY BOOT SHOP In fhe Village YOU CANT WEAR OUT THEIR LOOKS