Week-End Sports Program -Includes SqUash, Wrestling, Basketball and Swimming
Established 1889
tMJ04ie4iZ • Daily Since 1906
Volume 53, No. 104
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, Jfanuary 29, 1942
Navy Inducts 17 Local Men At Rally Last Night
AWS Coeds A^ovie Shorts Sears To Discuss Annual Contest
Elect Board
Members
Continue Today Current Problems In Musk Hall At Defense Lecture
For Backdrop Begiiis Today
Navy Day Program Includes i Parade, Music, Films, Speeches
ftohlee, Warren Ueeled Yesterday Ret&l^jps on the Associated Women Studeftt^hfceshman elections reveal that Cal'd^ Roblee and Virginia Warl’en iiikVe been chosen as representatives. The girls will serve for the reinai:gder ,pf the second semester on the 'AWS executive board. 100 Votfe About 100 freshman coeds voted in the election held yesterday in the Union. Carol Roblee is in the science school, and a pledge of Delta Gamma, social sorority. Virginia Warren is in the home economics school, a pledge of Chi Omega social sorority, and is president of North Hall. The duties of the freshman representatives include attending the meetings of the AWS executive board. They ai’e elected to voice the opinion of the freshman coeds, and must bring up complaints and questions for discussion at the meetings. Seven freshman girls were nominees for the position. They were Jean Fountaine, Betty Harrison, Betty Purcell, Carol Roblee, Arnette Short, Pay Tyler and Virginia Warren, a.l.w. Poultry Department Holds Turkey Feed For Frosh Poultry department recently held a turkey feed at the poultry pavilion for all freshmen interested in poultry and for students who are 'majoring in poultry. Members of the senior judging team were awarded medals by Dr. J. Holmes Martin. Dean M. L. Fisher, Dean H. J. Reed, Director W. V. Lambert, Dean V. C. Freeman and Dr. C. R. D^^onham were in attendance. Dean Freeman and Dean Fisher addressed the group briefly, g.w.s. J. A. Hebbeler . . . second lieutenant of the Field Artillery Officers Reserve Corps, has been appointed second lieutenant in the Field Artillery of the Reg-
ular Army.
“Screen Review,” the regular Thursday afternoon movie short 'presentation, will undergo its second showing in the new semester series this afternoon from 3 to 6 in the Music Hall. Movie Program Subjects scheduled for the program include: “Sailors with Wings,” of the March of Time series, at 3:05, 4:13 and 5:21; “Great Meddler,” from the Miniatui’e series, at 3:35, 4:33 and 5:4P; “Moments of Charm,” featuring Phil Spitalny and his allgirl orchestra, at 3:36, 4:43 and 5:61; “News of the Day,” at 3:45 and 4:63; “Popular Science No. 1” at 3:63 and 6:61; and “Glimpses of Kentilcky,” a Traveltalk, at 4:03 and 5:11. The program is free to students only; and passports are absolutely necessary for admittance, for the Gimlets, Reamers, and Student Union workers at the door will admit no ohe without this proper means of identification, a.p.h.
<>
Samuel Will Lecture
“From Isolation to Participation” will be the topic of the first defense lecture to be given by Prof. L. M vSears, of the history, economics and government department, tomorrow at 4 p.m. in the Music Hall. Dick Dibos, president of the Student Senate and chaii’inan of the Student War Council, will introduce the
speaker.
This first defense lecture in a series of six will include information about the entrance of the United States into the present war and what it may involve. All of the discussions will concern current problems and are designed to further public knowledge of propaganda, hemisphere relations and post-war economic problems. The defense lectures will be presented by members of the historj', economics, and government department and will include Professors Murphy, Robinson, Phillips and Estey. The public is invited to attend, e.h.a.
Prom Committee To Judge Entries Annual contest for the Prom backdrop opens today. This contest is sponsored by the Prom. Committee and the deadline for entries is set at Feb. 28. Original' Themes Each contestant must work out an original theme which includes complete plans for the backdrop, band fronts, plus any additional decojl'ations for the walls or ceiling. The construction details must be given with each entry as well as approximate costs which can not ex-
ceed $100.
Judges for the designs will be members of the Prom Committee headed by Dick Ball, chairman. The final sketches are to be handed to either Harry Hudson or Jim Reeves in the Student Union office before the closing date of the contest.
Aulhorities Set New CAA Flight Training Age Minimum At 18 CAA flight training age limit has been lowered, this time to a minimum 18 years, witji other qualifications remaining the same. The information was received from Washington in an announcement by G. Stanley Meikle, director of research lelations with industry and general head of the training program.
Fees Not Remitted
Medical fees will not be remitted to all those who pass their physical examination and the government instead of the individual will handle insurance. Those who have already
Aviation Board Will Interview Students Today
Until next Tuesday Major F. More, heading the Army Air Corps Aviation Cadet Examining Board, will interview all those interested
signed up for the Naval Reserve in aviation cadet training in the con-V-5, as seaman second class are not ference room of the Executive
Dick Cisne Will Way /^Kg^lgnce FigUFCS
In Union Tomorrow
In Forum Sponsored For Forester's Ball
By Hillel Foundation
Maurice Samuel, Jewish writer and lecturer, will speak at 8 p.m. tonight at an.qpen forum program to be held at Temple Israel, Seventh and Alabama Streets. The subject of his lecture will be “The Next
Twenty Five Years.”
Samuel has recently tianslated “The Nazarene” by Sholem Asch, and has written “The Great Hatred.” He has also served as a soldier in the United States Army, interpreter at the post war Peace Conference and Reparations Commissions, and news correspondent. The lecture is being sponsored by the Hillel Foundation and is open
to the public, b.m.p.
Theta Xi
. . . announces the election of Arthur F. Woods as vice-president and James D. Earn as house manager.
Dick Cisne and his orchestra will play for the annual Foresters’ Ball sponsoi’ed by the Forestx'y Qlub and Xi Sigma Pi, forestry honorary, to be held in the south ballroom of the Union from 9 to 12 Friday night. The' d^nce' Ts "to-TSe informir" and
tickets will be $1.10.
Cisne oi-ganized his band while he was a student at the University of Illinois in the fall of 1930. Since that time he has played at the Colony Club in Chicago, the Gibson Hotel in Cincinnati, and Belle-Rive Hotel in Shreveport, La. He has broadcast over the NBC netwoik,
WLW and WMAQ.
Qisne’s twelve-piece orchestia features Red (Jumbo) Miller on the vocals and novelty entei tainment, Lloyd Strang on the ballad numbers, and Gene Ro|3inson’s imitations of Popeye and Donald Duck. Cisne himself will direct the hand
and play the piano.
Tickets may be obtained from the west desk of the Union or from any member of the Forestry Club, r.m.s.
Eight Point ProgVam Formulated As , » . Student War Council Becomes Link Between War Effort, Student Body
Editor’s Note: This is the fifth in a aeries of features on the University's part in the emeritency. By Ken Roquemore Soon after the entrance of the United States into the present war a great urge to “do their share” arose among students throughout the entire University campus. This was shown by the number of army, navy and air coips enlistments and the literal flood of letters and suggestions appealing for or proposing ways and means whereby students could assume some part of the nation’s defense efforts. It was in answer to this that, on Jan. 6, President Elliott appointed the Purdue Student War Council consisting of nine University students. War Councilors Composing the council are: Dick Dibos, president of the Student Senate, chairman; Ned Ochiltree, edi-to-in-chief of the Exponent; Roscoc Starek, president of the Union; Agnes McCulloch, president of AWS; Damon Elder, president of PI A; Rex Mayfield, president of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council; Barbara Ann Adkins, president of Panhellenic Council; Bill Farber, president of Cary Club; Mildred Owens, governor of WRH, and Lawrence Myers, president of SCA. The purpose of the council is to provide “an agency through which the students of the University may bo able to participate, actively and continuously, in the concerteil ef-
forts of the University to contribute to the National War Program.” Since its formation, the council has formulated an extensive eight-point program designed to better coordinate student war efforts with those of the University. Plan Of Action The plan of action Vhich ha.s been drawn up is as follows: diive for the sale of defense bonds and stamps; conservation of material resources, including such item.s as food, light, paper and heat; ^lublicity of the work of the council and the dissemination of information valuable to students; promotion of physical fitness; pi emotion of student morale through special convocations and piograms; relief woik in cooperation with'the Relief Fund Coordinating Committee; curriculum changes,, and the addition of new defense courses, including the encouragement of students to keep their work up; and finally, adjustment of extra-curricular and social activities to* war-time conditions. Work Has Begun Work has already begun on the first of these goals. January 20 sales of defense stamps began in many parts of the campus. A booth opposite the Great Hall of the Union is open every day from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 to 6:46. Stamps are also on sale in the Executive Building at the Cashier’s Office, in the WRH offices and in the Cary Hall post office. Under the inspir-
ation of the War Council, many campus organizations have voted to use the money in their social budgets for the pqrchase of defense bonds. The minutes of Council meetings are published from time to time in the Exponent m order to keep the student acquainted with its activities. Plans are under way for seveial convocations and programs to provide the means of constantly keeping the student body well educated and well informed concerning war developments. Another manifestation of the Wai Council’s efforts are the courses in welding and first aid which were added to the curriculum of classes this semes-
ter.
Inform Faculty Another function of the members of the War Council is to inform the faculty concerning student opinioq. Through them many student's questions are clarified. Examples of this are: the council’s recommendation that the University calendar of affairs such as dances remain intact; the council’s advice rejecting the proposal now before the Executive Comixiittee to set aside voluntary attendance regulations during the war. The Purdue Student War Council has undertaken a large project and it needs the coopeTation of the entire student body. If you wish to “do your share,” send all your suggestions to Dick Dibos in the Student Senate office.
For Ag Conference Show Slight Decline Despite the handicaps created by the national emergency, a total of 8,380 persons registered for the annual agricultuial conference -which was held at this univeisity, Jan. 12 to 16, it was leported today by W. F. Graham, supeiintendent of the Farm and Home Week program. Last year 8,809 persons registered for the convention. Decrease Shown The 469 decrease showed up largely m the dairy and poultry meetings, according to Graham, thus reflecting the shoitage of laboi in these two enterprises at present. The attendance figure was reached after a careful cheek had been made to remove all duplicates from the 1 egistration cards. Pei sons attended the conference meetings fiom every section of the state and out of state also. Theie were 134 from outside the state, and from Tippecanoe county alone there wdie 2,008 people registered. The registration by days was as follows: Monday, 1,377; Tue.sday, 3,587; Wednesday, 2,446; Thuisday, 588; and Friday, 383. County Attendance The ranking counties from the standpoint of attendance m the various legions are: Region I, excluding Tippecanoe county; Clinton, 397; Carroll, 291; and White, 244. Region II: Marion, 249; Cass, 178; and Howard and Miami, tied at 143
each.
Region III: Madison, 177; Lake, 160; and Huntington, 104. Region IV: Adams, 107; Randolph, 93; and Allen, 89. Region V: Vand(^rbuig)i, 58; Warrick, 27; and Spencer, 20. k.s.m. Novadale House . . . coed coopeiative, announces the election of the following officers: president, Betty Williams; vicepresident, Mary Ermadine Fox; secretary, Marilyn Schanbacker; treasurei, Margaret J. Pennington; hou.se manager, Mary Beth Dayhuff; purchasing agent, Charlotte Lucas; educational chairman, Ruth Burkher; social chan man, Alberta Artman; coop book store manager, Frances Greene; A.W.S. representative, Ruth Burkher; interview committee, Mary Ermadine Fox and Charlotte Lucas; and judicialy committee, Betty Willialns, Alberta Artman, and Marilyn Schanbacker.
m.l.r.
required to take the physical exam-
ination.
Meikle added that physical examinations for early applicants began Tuesday and will continue until all who have applied have gone through the routine of physical check-ups. As only a few openings remain, those who are interested in the program should see Meikle as soon as possible. According to present plans tiaining will start next week, a.l.w. Aerial Accident Kills University Graduate Fiist Lt. Kenneth W. Sprankle, 1938 graduate of the Mechanical Engineering school and a member of the U. S. Army Air Corps, was killed last Saturday in an aerial ac-
By Gordy Hoffman
Induction of 17 local youths into the United States Navy featured yesterday’s Navy Day. Lt. Comm. S. A. Bishop administered the Oath of Allegiance to the recruits as a climax to the Navy Rally held in the Music Hall last night. As the oath was administered, the University glee club hummed and then sang “Anchors Aweigh,” the traditional navy song.
Mock Air Raid
A mock air raid on Lafayette yesterday noon began the day’s activities. At 4 p.m. a parade featuring two battalions of the motorized University RO-
TC and high school bands from Lafayette, Monticello and West Lafayette high school. University symphonic band under the diiection of “Spotts” Erarick opened the evening’s rally which was attended by 4,000 persons. Colors were placed on the stage by members of the local American Legion post as a Legionnaire bugler
blew “To the Colors.”
Representatives of organizations sponsoring the affair and 35 University men who have enlisted in the Naval Reserve were then intro-
duced.
Short Films Shown Several short films explaining different aspects of life in the Navy were shown. “Sprinkles of Salt” depicted a typical day in the life of an enlisted man. “Making Craftsmen” explained the excellent opportunities for navy men to learn skilled trades at the government’s expense. Gene Tunney, who is now in the Navy, was featured in the last film which showed the precautions and training used to build and strengthen the physical condition of the men. President Edward E. Elliott welcomed the audience and praised the Navy mothers in it for the part they
Building.
New Age Limit
Under the recent levision of entrance requirements, a new age limit of eighteen has been established, with the old maximum of twentysix still retained. All applicants aie required to take the same qualifying entrance examination, which eliminates the necessity of proof of formal education. The examination IS designed for the establishment of a minimum level required for comprehension of the aviation course. Accept Married Men — a Mai-ried men who can prove that theyTiave no one fully independent upon their incomes and will sign a statement to that effect will be accepted. Application forms for ap-
peaiance before the Examining playing. He said. None of us
Board and further information may
be obtained in the Adjutant’s office in the Armory; H. H. Horner, La-
cident in Hawaii, accoiding to word fayette Chamber of Commerce or
received by his parents, Mr. and Mis. E. L. Sprankle of West Lafayette. Lt. Sprankle trained at Randolph and Kelly Fields in Texas and had been on duty at Selfridge Field, Mich., Wheeler and Hickam Fields in Hawaii, r.m.f. Shoemaker House . . . announces the election of the following officeis for the following year: President, Martha Jane Getting ei; Vice-Piesident, Mary Ann Mackey; Treasurer, Lauia Brewer; Secretaiy, Jane Sides; Social Chaiiman, Ruth Custer; Food Purchaser, Marguerite Haipster. r.m.s.
the Regular Army Recruiting Office, Lafayette Post Office building,
a.l.w. '
University Women's Club Will Hold Dinner Monday Tickets for the Dinner Dance of the Purdue Women’s Club will be sold in the lobby of the Union today and tomorrow from 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m., and Saturday from 9 until 12 a.m. The Dinner Dance will fill both ballrooms of the Union Monday, Feb. 2. Reservations for tables may be made by contacting
Mrs. G. D. Scarseth.
Scrivener Members Announce Changes In Future Publications
D. C. Pfendler . . . assistant to the Dean of the School of Agriculture, is recovering from an 'appendectomy performed in the Home Hospitak His condition is reported ate satisfactory. I
By Marion Howard In the valuts of the Union among the dust and cobwebs and stale coke glasses theie has been chatter and ‘ declamation by the membeis of a certain campus organization which has all too long been labeling in secrecy. Como revei berations: “What is the good of a thing that nobody knows about? Why hide a shining light under a bushel of musty old manusciipts ?” An Announcement Scrivener, the University’s literary organization, wishes to announce to the woild generally, and to this institution specifically, that a levival is taking place. The archives aie being combed ioi suggestions Jiom past notables, resulting in such impiovements as the illustrations which will appear in the next issue and those following it. One of the Scrivener neophytes is making cuts, and anyone who draws a curved line is welcome to join the organization. In fact, theie aie many things for lost souls to do heie to help mcicase the life blood of an oiganization which for a long time has been getting only secret, too e>;clusive transfusions These tiansfusions, rare though they be, have been noteworthy. Last year the magazine achieved the highest group scholastic index of any organization on campus.
Eveiy spring Scrivener fetes itself and other Campus writers with the Literary Banquet, at which Robert Frost and Maiy Ellen Chase spoke in 1940 and 1941 i espectively. A few yeais ago honoiable mention was given the manuscript of an unknown freshman coed, Ruth Liningei Dobson, recently given national recognition for her novel “Straw in the Wind.” Closely allied with the publication but not a part of it is the Scrivener Club, which meets Sunday evenings in the Union. This is not longer a small group of brilliant diabolical people who go off in some far coinoi and up each other up the back loi the joy of being vitrolic, but one of individuals who come together to exchange ideas and read manusciipts in order to find out what other people think of these ideas and those manuscripts. Opportunity The Scrivenei magazine offers an opportunity foi these manuscripts to come to the attention of the reading public, and four times a year it presents samples of student writing to those who aie interested m the thought of the“comnig generation.” This organization is unique in a technical institution where everyone is necessarily moi-e concerned with steam engines and electric stoves than with literature and the
arts.
can avoid serving—each in his own way.” The Navy’s recruiting procedure was explained by Lt. Comm. Grover Turner of the Indianapolis recruiting station. He went on to describe the training system used and the opportunities for a permanent career offered by the navy.
Lauds Mothers
After the induction of the recruits. Dr. F. M. Hall, formerly of the University Health Service, fui--ther lauded the mothers and presented each with a service placard. Concluding speaker on the prograin was Commander Mathews, officer in charge of the Indiana recruiting service. After saying that Indiana has led every other state in naval recruiting, he told of the Navy’s part in this war and the vital necessity of our Navy. The combined singing of “The Star Spangled Banner” was by the University Concert Choir and the audience concluded the program’s activities. Entertainment throughout the evening was supplied by the University musical organizations and soloists. In addition to the selections by the Symphonic Band, the Concert Choir and the Men’s Glee Club, both under the direction of Albert P. Stewart sang. Soloists featured were Joanne Lloyd on the organ, and tenor, Marvin Smith, who sang “The White Cliffs of Dovei-.” Dr. Sharp Will Speak At University Church “The Time Is Now,” w'lll be the topic upon which Dr. Alexander E. Sharp, executive secretary of the Synod of Indiana of the Presbytetian Church, will speak Sunday morning at 10:30. He will talk at the University Presbyterian Church. Dr. Sharp was for several years pastor of the University Church at Madison, Wisconsin. The student choir under the direction of John Mingle will sing and Nancy Young will be at thq
organ.
Tau Epsilon Phi . . . social fraternity, announces the formal pledging of Lloyd Holtzman. East Chicago; David Lozow, Gary; Donald Hoffman, Chicago; Martin Himeles, St. Louis, Mo.; Martin Seidenberg, Jersey City, N. J.; and Robert Tieger, Elizabeth. N. J.
V'/aI
f ' m
'
The effectiveness of defeiise mdustry as iweli as M'the* arihed: forces det)ends very largMy- engineers and. trained scientists. Today there is a scai'city of men who are trained, in. physics, electronics and engineei'ing.,;/ In fact the situation with physicists has become so pressing that an emergency session of the Golloquim of College Physicists has been. ^ at Iowa City. They/plen' to discuss means of finding 100,OOO' men who are needed to be trained in physics, radio woi'k and in neW “Radar” device Which is now used for the detection of airplanes. Purdue University has outstanding facilities to train men and women in physics, chemistry and engineering and will help the government in its attempt to train experts who are essential for modern mechanized warfare! and the defense industries. No one campus will be sufficient to train the men needed so that it is planned to ex^f pand the high school mathematics and
physics courses and intensify training in universities. Students who are in either the engineering or science schools can receive specialized training in physics and electronics at Purdue. Defense- industries have increased their employment during the past eighteen months from 200,000 to 5 million and during the present year the employment in these industries will be increased at least to' 15 million. Today ih the airplane industry nearly onetenth of the total employees are required to have engineering training and in other industries one out of fifteen employees must have training either in engineering or in other applied sciences. Men and women at t’urdue have an unusual opportunity to traih, themselves for 'work' of this nature. The government is urging persons with ability or^ interest in science, machinery or construction to specialize in some field of applied science or engi-neering and serve with technical skill during the present emergency, a.c.
..fo 1
MERRY-GO-ROlIJND By Drew Rearson and Robert S. Allen
Navy- Officials Wlintcd Pearl Harbor Report Soft-Pedalled WASmi)IGTOJSr, Jan. 28. — The nation will always be proud of and grateful to the five meinbers of the Peail Hiarbor Koard of Inquiry for their blunt and coui-ageous report. It was a great tribute by true- patriots to the honor and gameness Of their country. ' They had faith that the U. S. A. could take it and come up fighting to win. But there were certain Army and I'Javy elements who did not have such big concepts. They favored less candor and forthwrightness. If they could have had their way the Board’s report would not have been so damning of incompetence, negligence and dereliction of duty. . Softer and mealy-mouthed woi-ds would have been used instead. It is an. inside fact that in very discreet and circuitous ways these elements sought to influence the exertion of social and personal pressure on certain Board members to soft-pedal their findings. These members know nothing about this, because it was stopped dead in its tracks. Secretaries Stimson and Knox saw' Ip it that the Board had a completely free hand to act and speak as it saw fit. Like the Board they too are patriots who have faith in their country. FDR Axes Lewis The inside reason why John L. Lewis wa.s not named a member of the three-man CIO peace committee w'as because President Roosevelt personally blocked it. When he and CIO president Phil Murray discussed the counter plan that scuttled Lewis’ blitz scheme, Roosevelt advised that the new' AFL and CIO peace committees be limited to three members each. That -B'ould avoid turning the joint committee into a “mass meeting,” he explained, and also make it easier to keep hostile Lew is out of the picture, "If you have too laige a committee, Phil,” the President added with a smile, “you may appoint Lew'is.” "I .guess you’re right, Mv, Pre.s.. ident,” laughed Murray, Note:—Lewis intimate.s say he would not have accepted appointment to the committee if it had been offered him. Tbe Nelson SysAem Certain dollar-a-year boys who used to rule the roost in the old
0PM are learning that those balmy days are over. • One of these masterminds got a short but pointed lesson on this fact the other day. War production chief Donald Nelson called him in and outlined a certain job he wanted done and how it should be done. “Is this all clear to you?” Nelson said. “Yes, but we’ve been doing it differently. Now I suggest ” Interrupting, Nelson carefully repeated his instructions and then, looking the dollar-a-yeai'er squarely in the eye, said quietly, “Do you understand now what I want?” “Yes, sir,” was the meek reply. Farm SqnHmenf An Iow a Republican leader made a very significant survey of farmer sentiment that the masterminds of Congress and the. Treasury and Agriculture Department would find it very profitable to give heed to. They w'ould get some very valuable information on the views of real farmers, as distinguished from those of the lobbyists and politicans -w’ho claim to represent them in Washington. The survey was made by Don L. Berry, director of the Republican Farm Study Committee. Berry sent out a questionnaire to every farmer in his home county, Warren. This is what the replies showed: 1. That an overwhelming majority of the farmers w-efe ppposed to the amendment written into the price control bill by Senator Joseph O’Mahoney of Wyoming, fixing a mandatory farm parity leyel of 125 per cent. The attitude of the farmers was that the amendment would cause, the public to consider them as trying to profiteer out of the war, and that this might lead to a w ave of hostility that would wipe out manj' of the gains won by agriculture through years of patient effort. 2. A majority of t^>;o tp one of the farmers favpr. ppntinuance of the conservation (crop control benefit) payments. 3. similar majority expr,es.sed themselves willing to take their benefit payments ih the form of defense bond.s and stamps. More Guam Postscript Recently, under the caption “Post■sci ipt oil Guam,” this column printed portions of a House debate that preceded the defeat of an appropriation sought by the Navy to fortify-
Guam, st^-ategic Pacific base now in Japanese, hands.i ''' ' The House masterminds who Ttilled this national defense measure weren’t the. only ones in Congress who held such “statesmanlike’t views. Thp Senate also had its share of them, as the Congressional Record shows. Here.are excerpts from a Senate debate on the issue of fortifying
Guam:
Senator Clyde M. Reed, .Kansas Republican—“I am opposed to extending our line of defense to Guam. Ohr national defense policy should be confined to the defense of the Western Hemisphere. By no stretch of the imagination can the fortification of Guam be considered as a national defense .matter from the standpoint of either the IJnited States or the Western Hemisphere. “Its fortification would be useful only in an aggressive war against an Asiatic nation. I do not contemplate any such war, and shall not vote for any appropriation of money which even remotely contemplates that end.” Senator Henrik Shipstead, bit-ter-tongued Minnesota isolationist —“I can see no immediate danger of attack upon the United States by any foreign country.”. Lafcr Shipstead inserted in the Congressional Record a stropgly-worded article against fortifying. Guanu The late Senator Ernest Lundeen of Minnesota^ who had close relations with George Slyvester Viereck, indicted Nazi agent, also took an active part in l^he discussion, ridiculing the fortification proposal as inmpractical and a waste of the taxpayers’ money. “Some people are seeing spooks and bogeymen in their attics when they, speak of an invasion of this country,” Lundeen declared. “What country is going to invade us? The Japanese are too smart to attack this great nation. No other nation or combination of nations w'ill attack us in this generation.” - (Copyright, 1912, by United Feature" SyiKlicate, luc.)
E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
PINE BAR GRILL Parties—■ Our Speicalty 200 Columbia
That fearless, fascinating, fleet, football flash — Bill Shimer (better knowh as the “doormat of ;the Big Ten”) surprised the ^pprts and social, world .the other night wljen he put his Theta Chi. pin on another one of “Deac’s de-icers” — Anita Worsley. If this keeps up, they’ll have, to change, that bookstore, into an “advice for the lovelorn” agency. Anyway, congratulations folks! * ill . We discovered that it wasn’t a ring, but his Beta pip that Ollie Lynch gave Theta Nancy Knotts. Ollie came back to the canapus last weekend and Set us sti’aignt. Anyway the sentiments are the same in spite of the difference in jewelry. ^ Katie Bi uck has returned Bob Klein’s Delta. Chi pin-r-just to keep the records straight. That pin spends most of its time in the air, flying back and forth. Dottie Ann Canfield gave back Johnny Worl’s Sigma Chi pin last week. Now don’t get hurt rushing for the telephone, boys. To save you a little time—the number’s
8079.
While mentioning Miss Canfield, we’ll tell you of an interesting incident we heard. Seems that Gus Robinson, well known Theta Tau playboy, was driving down to Indianapolis the other p.m. Dottie was in the car and o.ut of a clear sky piped up with “Whose hose are these on the floor back here?” While that gentleman's face turned, several different shades of red and his date, Carol Wattleworth, gave him one of those looks, it . was discovered that the “hose” which Dottie had meant to call stockings, were in reality nothing by a scarf. Whew! Close one, Gus. Every time one of those column,s is printed we lose a few more friendsi The-latest fatality i,s our Beta buddies. We lost the Alpha Chi’s long ago but they still think enough of us to send us a knife for a present. And it wasn’t even our birthday. Seems that the only friends we ha^'e left, are the “Siggie.s” . . Ouch! Now we’ve lost them. Oh well, it’s all in in a semester’s work. Chuck Keene and a few of the boys who are gluttons fer punishment journeyed down to Blooming-
, .Cqniipanies VisitrCaimjpifis
U. S. Army, Aviation Cadet Ex* amining Board, Washington, D. C., Jam 2.7^ 28, 29, 3Q,,3L V . Zenith Radio Cbrp., Chicago, 111;, Jan* 29 and Iso. , Hercules Powder Co., Wilmington, Delaware, Jan. SCj. , ,, Allegheny-Ludluhi Steel Corporation, Brackennidge, Pa;, F%. 11. There is a peed for additional 'qhemical engineers^ Please sign up immediately at the Personnel Office. 'Western Electric (jompgpy, Hawthorne Station, Chicago, Illinpis, The company will not send a r.epre.sentative to the campus for interviews, but anyone interested' invthe company may come to the Personnel Office and secure one of thcjiapplication. blanks, ..tp. p,e. .filled; in and sent directly to Mr; S. Bi Holden, in care of the company, 'This should be done before next Satur-
day, if possible.
ton again last weekend. Bob Persons came back with his head in the plouds—seems that he had two dates the same night at the . time in the same car. Wow! As you may. have surmised, they werq both Alpha Chi’s. Now he wants to transfer to ,Indiana. Betty Briscoe couldn’t seem to I'est without a pin,, so now she’s sporting the ATO pin of .Bill Mauck. Another pinning: Betty, Le>vis of the Thetas recently took Qelt “Pug” LaVrence’s hardware. And she was the one who swore she’d never take a pin. . , Dixie Howell was overheard saying the following to Charlotte Piri.e the other day: “Well, I’ll wear your resistance down yet!” Was that a threat or a promise Dix? . ,, ,, Now we hear that, they’re going to have to close the bowling alleys on account of the shellac shortage. This would surely, please. Sylvia Pittman—then her pin man. How Burkholder, would have to take her out. Unless he found som.ething else to take up his time. Dottie Sieb has taken Ralph Nessler’s Phi Delt pin out of the drawei' she has been keeping it in, and is 710W wearing it again. Can't keep up with those two.
.9:5,5 News . ' 10:10 The Curio Man 10:15 WBAA.Presents 10:30 Listen While You Work 10:55 News 'li':0ff Ifederated Clubs 11:16 Jifusic 11:30 PTA" 11:50 Purdue Mews 11:66 News 12:00 Ag l^orum 1£::16 Meet the Band , 12:45 Classical Music 12:56 News 1:00' Souvenirs 1:30' Science Review .1:45 Markets 1:56 News 2:00 A Story a Day 2:16 The Apothecary 2:30 Music 2:46 Treasure Chest 2:55 News 3:00 Music 3,:15 Afternoon Melodies 3:30, Musical Round-Up ' 3:55 .News . 4:00 Tea Time Tunes 4:16 Heard in the Hallway 4:30 ,Music 4:15 .The Curio Man 4:60 Music 4:55 ^ News 5:00 Just Relax ; , 5:30 Vespers 5';45 Little Miss Muffett 6:66 News 6:00 .pinner Hour 6:30 Sports Review 6:45 Miisic 6:55 News 7:00 Classroom Broadcast —Prof. T. K. Noss 7:50 Music .7:65 News 8:00 Story Behind the Opera 8:30 Mr. Dexter 8:45 Eventide Echoes 8:55 News 9:00 Musicana 9:30 Music '' :"'9:55 ’ News
Step; right up folks and..ineet.‘‘.J?.. P. Dooley III,” and hp’s gp.t ilyv with- him . top. All sary is a Columbia disc with- 364^7, stamped across it. This Dooiejjijgpy; mustiVeally be some bird ’ everything ,, thut . Helen.,' ■ Dppley says, he is, ,b,ut . shp taikint to you, bud she’s-, telling Mr. Harry James Dooley about J, E. " Somehow James forgot hiS'trumpet on this one arid, let the-|trpn),'-; bone steal honors, ■which :ii!'d||4A;ih a big way. Even, with the..sliprhpyh, thp vocals are still the big attraction; you like the ■vyordsi'a.t and then when you ;try tb .fprgpb them you can’t—it’s one ' of''those . songs.. ' But before we forget^thie'pt}^ - side is an original James job:.'CrilJqd ' “Jughead.” I’s really got ,th^e stiitt to make the soles slip on, tbe bj^ls —we mean it’s the same thing ‘‘Music Makers” had arid that waS'plbiii^;; ■ ty. ■ Tops Again , , , ■. “Clarinet a la King” and it’s ji^t that. ,.Qur old friend B.enny. Goodman is right back where ,be, ouglit: ■ to be—up on the throne of ' dom. Benny, proves, op- thisiOKeh record of about a month, past. that, he hasn’t lost any qf ;hig, ahi,l|ty|.'to . finger that,black stick, like onlyi_hc can. The band is also there showHig that then' old stuff is still avail^ibte —and lots of .it,. Backing up the a la king nurilberi .. ! is an old Gershwin tune! frcm '' “Smarty” labeled, “flow Ldn^ .This Been Going On?” 'The p.layirig. isn’t quite ui> to the Goodman pafj. but it can- be a long way from there ; and still be tops; ' ■
Everything for acCollegfB Education DEAG’S
EDGERTFOM HD WE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354
^uJidusL £xptmmL AH-American 194Q-'41
Entered as .second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of po.stage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, lill7. authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail slxbscripUons, $4.00.
Editor-in-Chier. New* Editor Bporla Editor. ..
..Ned A. Ochiltree ..John L. TrauKOtt Phil Johiiaon
Busincas Manager Managing Editor Coed Editor
Pubfioatio.n Staff Edilurial stair: .1. F. Airios, .1. H. Armstrong, H. 'J', Broph}', ‘R. -E. Hadley, i*'. i. .Junes. J'"... <j, Ki'.-per. SportB Staff; 0. '1'. Clark, J, H. Fraser, J. S. Keeler. Cued'Staff; ^ury R. Bo.yjilon, Alipe Ghatfidd, Jane Kaineddl. AsBociato Editors '
Business Staff Coed lIpfiiiic.sH Manager: IJonna SieuB; Office Iffanager: Ecu Bossong.Eoeal Ad.vertiBing Managers: K.. K. Cjcmre, U. E. Sa.Tton : Circulation Manager: W. 'J'. Bell; AccuuiUb Manager: W, H. Miilaril. Junior Coed Managers; Jean Fraiikcnberry, Ifrancea l.loyd, . Julia Martin.
PImums: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 R, M , 5377
liepresenterl for national advertising by National Advorti.sing Service, Ine., College Pubiishera Representatives. 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
fMit«r> Ana* Dsy Editor: Ransdetl
Isaue Editor: Eckatein Sp.orta Editor: PraBer
^niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii! I Dr. A. M. Irion I —DENTIST — S 119 Vz Northwestern Ave. 1 Phone 4.965
ReporterB: A. Wickard, K. M. Ford, C. J. Wilbur, U. W. fioswinltle, P. G. Holtman, E. Slone, K. S. Marlin, B. M. ParsoiiB, R. N, Schneider. C. Hass, J. Hauer, E. Ahrens, D. Ochiltree, J. D. Smith.. Sports; DeMars, Sowards, Karpick, G wasdo w. ■ .
A, WARN,ER BROS. HIT With . EOWAAO EVEAETT HORTON • HERBEfIT ANDERSON • Oireetef ir 0. ROSS LEOERMAN'
.^lllllllllllflllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllljHTiiwr^ayi; Jaytu^iy
s^ws
iiiwlixtg
Thttrsafty; Jan. 29 i ' <.6-b':' : .;^' Phi'? Kaiipja Phi yii Alpha Tau, Omega. . Lambda’ Ghi'iAlpha vs. Theta Xi.' Beta Theta Pi V?. Beta Sigma Psi. Phi'Kai>pa 'J&u >Mv Pi Kappa Alpha, Phi-SiS’ma-Kappa-vs. Signla Pi. .i-';; ' ■ ■ }, Triangle VB. Kappa Delta Eho. Sigma Nn (VS. AiPb Cl^i'Rho. , Sigriid Alpha-K^siloh vs. Acacia. Phr’6ajhnia? jt)aitai vs. Delta 'Upsilon.. Tau Kappa Bpsilon vs. Delta'Tau Delta... Note; Tau Epsilon Phi, Phi Kappa, Ali)hn Gamma- .land' Phi Delta Theta do not bowl this'^eeK;''
llnSe^h
Team
Nr Taps Sje^ Actj^^
STAN^iNGS- FOB 12TH ' “A’'Bracket ilS'iipSfe:?;?:::::::::::: Phi Sigfnia Kappa Phi Dpa'.'.Theta’ !- Phi 'KSihp@ ' Sigma Theta.;'Sii,Pi Khppa'? Phi" SigmaPI Lambda Chi' Alpha..,.....;. .... ThetaiiClfi :;^;?.v:;.v......... Beta Sigma Psi .......'.i Phi Kappa Tau: Alpha. Gamma Eho . , ' '"B” Bracket •Pojta, Tau t),eita......... ...., -Delta'. Upsilon-'.:...... Sigma Nu Sigma Alpha Epsilon Tali Kappa Epsilon. Kappa Delta Eho Acacia ..i...:....................;.... Alpha Sigma Psi Phi' Kappa Alpha Chi Eho...; Phi .Gamma Delta ...'. Phi Kappa Psi i:.... Tau KPsiloP Dhi .-... Triangle
'WEEK W. ........ 92 ........ 26,
27 9 ■'24.,, , 1.2 24'12 23'. (Ik}' :12
TWELFTH WEEK STATISTICS High rindividuai Scores— .'Sigma Pi^Hintz , ? ;... 267 Dclpa - Up.silon—Starek 246 High''Jndividual Series— Delta Upsilon—Starek 636 Beta Sigma Psi-—Bradac 589 Delta • Upsilon—Henderson 689 High Team Game— Sigma Pi;.. 969 Tau Kappa Epsilon 952 High Team (Series— Delta Upsilon 2613 Delta'. Tali; Delta 2603
iDANCr^G BY'ENROLLING IN OUR NE>y ADVANCED CLASS ToiklGHT 7:a0 P. M. kNTER OUR ^EW BEGINNER'S CLASS 4 ENftOLL WED., FEB. 4th
AMGEN’S
*6th & Fcrfy
By Ed Karpick Like old irian river the Illinois' caja,’e squad just keeps rolling along ■with theip spotless record of six victories and no defeats while their pursuers are .experiencing their share of troubles. The Illini strengthened their grip on the top spot with a win oyeT their' closet, pursuers, the' Minnesota Gophers last Saturday night. The victors amassed a healthy first period lead and were opt of danger for the rest of the evening. A pair of sophomores, Ken Menke and Andy Phillip lead the Illini in the scoring column. Bounce Back As a result of the Gophers’ loss on Saturday night, the, BoiI,ermakers occupied the numbei’ two slot for oh so brief a pm’ipd. On Monday night the Golden Gophers came into town and, regained the. runner-up position. Evidently the Minnesota team profited from the lesson that they received on Saturday, for they .grabbed a, nine point lead at. hahf time and managed to capitalize on all the breaks that came their way to take the nod 46-39? At this, point 's.dme comnient shouid be' niade as; to the Bpilerinaicers’ liick from the floor during the first half. Since this is the year of the Golden anniversary of basketball, we might recall some of the details about the ganie as it was played a half century ago. History
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. «IAROLD |. RISK — DENTISTS.... 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
tells us that the first baskets were peach baskets, and a. man perched, atop a ladder would have to fish the ball put and toss it back to the players every time a goal Was made. In the first half of Monday night’s fracas the man perched at the Boilermhkexi end of t^e floor 'would have .suffered from cramps caused by, a lack of physical activity., Wisconsin’s defending champions are really back on the victory trail. Last Saturday night the Badgers ganged up op .Indiana, arid their preserit record pf four wins and three losses lands them in fourth place. Though it is probably too late for the Bqdgrii’s to be able to regain the championship, they will be a factor to fee reckoned with in the title quest as they are capable of upsetting, some one else’s applecart. With Johnny Kotz really in high gear, as demonstrated by the 23 points that he scored against the Hoosiers, the Badgers ■ are capable of dropping any team in the circuit. Big Upset Michigan turned in a surprising triumph over Ohio State’s Bupkeye's in a ganae. which' must be ranked one of; tfee .biggest upset's of the present Big Ten seaSon. On Monday night the Wolverines ran into Indiana’s HooMers and were overwhelmed by a score of 64-36. Ohio State climbed back into the victory column with a 63-35 win over the lowly Chicago Maroons. The net result of the weekend’s play was a zero carried out to three places, for any; shifts that occured were temporary. Illinois still rules the roost and the chase goes merdily on.
t A /
‘ipOlO^ CONTRAST"... our wool jersey jacket in deloctabie spring sHades with its flattering .young body ifnes, worn over a graceful contrasting skirt, hgs an ageless sophisticated quality which appeals to every ' j^i^llege girl and her married sister. Style Sketched $25.00 Other Carlye Styles $14.98 and up.
After a grueling day of work, and worry, this gentleman is spending a quiet evening in the well-equipped, spacious, yet inexpensive rooms in the Memorial Union. When your guest needs the relaxation afforded here, come in and make reservations for a room in the Union Club.
TYlsmiyimL IMiMk. The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
A full -vyeekend: of^ activity will be in store for four out of five of the Boilerinaker winter sports sqjiads when they go into action against: strong intercollegiate competition next Saturday, Janua,ry 81. Nctmen Travel Probably the center of interest will be brought to bear upon the second road trip of the present conferencfe race for Ward' Lambert’s hardwood squad,,-vyhich journeys to Ohio State for a return .^engagement with the why Biuckeyes;; ■ ; Ohio State, an unusually hard outfit to beat on their own court, will be striving to improve their seventh place standing in the BigTen title race, and at tfee same time they will be trying all the harder to avenge the 45 to 32 setback sustained at the hands of the Riveters in. an earlier game played on our own court. First For Grapplers Boilermaker wrestling fans-will get their first view of Coach Claude Reeck's squad at 2:30 in the afternoon when the Riveter grapplers go to the mat with a group of Findlay College athletes coached by Lee Graves, foriner Boilermaker football star. Winners of the Midwest A. A. U. championship that was held in Chicago before the Christmas holidays, the Gold and Black wrestlers will represent virtually the same squad that won the A. A. U. crown. Heading the squad will be Captain Casey Fredericks, who has yet to drop his first match in tivo years of dual meet competition. Swimmers Delayed Owing to some technicality that will detain the Michigan State swiinming team in East Lansing, the proposed Saturday afternoon acquatic meet with the Spartans has been moved ahead to 7.-30 o’clock in the evening, and the contest should provide plenty of thrills for those who enjoy i-eal swiinming. Coach Dick Papenguth is anxious to test the balance of his squad, and judging from the Spartan’s performance in tieing the strong Noi-th-western team last Saturday, 42 to 42, he should have ample opportunity to do just that. Joining the hardwood squad to take the road will be Chief Clev-
Practiically all eligi|de inembers of 'the varsity squash team, will make the trip to Culver- Military Academy Saturday morriing to takh? part in the second match with the Cadets this season] Two weeks Ago thp Boileririaker squash squad entertained the boys fi-om the Academy here iri the Fieldhouse, and sent them back to (Jlulver on the littleend of a 7 to S scorei Saturday the Cadets have a crack at the Riveters on their home court and its their only chance to even .the; score this season. Two Teams ;^Goldstein, Fant, Wells, MacMillan, and Bond; the first five men on the Riveter squad, will meet a team of five officers,. representing • the cream of the Cadet crop, in •what might be termed the class A playoff; and Hess, Boydston, Petty, and Wilkens will oppose a team of Culver Cadets in the second series of play for the afternoon. Only nine members of tfee; Boilermaker squash squad are making the trip to Culver Saturday; still, that includes most all of the available, eligible material to be. hqd at •the present. Even Gene Adams, capr ;mh cf the squash team, will remain. behind due;.to academic difficulties, ^fiis shortage of nien on the Boilermiaker bench 'will undoubtedly make it necessary for someone or two, or even more Riveters to compete in dual matches before the meet comes to an end Saturday afternoori. Leave Saturday Coach Clevett and his teqm will leave West Lafayette bound for Culver and plan to niake the trip easily by noon; the matches beginning at one thirty.
► "America^ Premier Baslietball Coach'^ Every year in. football, basketball, basebbli, and aeifeirKl both amateur and professional, the respective coaches are hondifed for having a successful' season and fluently bestowed with- the good' of appreciative followers. Our own v modest Piggie Lambert, beyond a doubt tbe greatest hardwood mentor in the world, has had; not one, but 26 successful seasons against the toughest competition available. ■■ ’Other coaches come and go, but Piggie continues to win against all comers. Indeed he must now w® against the typ^of play which he originated and made famous. The race horse, fire-wagon brand of basketball, the fast break, the pressure defensfej all these and many more innovations which have all tended to make the game'a spectator’s game; have been originated by the Boilermaker mentor. Probably no one man. has contributed so much toward the game of basketball than has Piggie Lambert. ► Tal^ A Peelc At The Record You may hear of Clair Bee of Long Island or of Phog Allen of Kansas as being great coaches; but not even these well known mentors>;imri overshadow Piggie’s record. In the past twenty-five years Piggie's teams have won or shared the title 11 times. Only once duririg-this period have his teams finished lower than sixth place. He has won an even 200 Big Ten games while losing only 8i for a .712 average. ;. All-Americans have been as frequent on his teams as dimes iriVa Woolworth store. Stretch Murphy, Norm Cottom, Johnny Wooden (three years in a row), Bob Kessler, Jewel Young and several others have been honored from coast to coast. He's More Than A Coach Less well known than the All-Americans, but more important than these heroes, are the hundreds of players who never became nationally poplar but who formed the framework for the many championship Purdue teams. "Very rarely in this country can be found as loyal a body of former players as has Piggie, Any former Boilermaker cager is profuse in his admiration of the fiery coach whom they learned to respect and admire.
IM Schedules Everyone Knows And Appreciates Piggy
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—Kepndr 7 iOO A1 vs. HI. 7 :15 SI vs. FI. 8 :00 E2 vs. D2. 8:16 C3 V.S. B3. Court 2—Rafferty 7 ;00 Cl vs. Bl. 7 lie- A2 vs. H2. 8:00 S2 vs. r2. 8:16 E3 vs. D3. Court 3—.Gates 7:00 El vs. Dl. 7 :15 C2 vs. B2. 8 :()0 A3 vs. H3. Court 4—Barnard 7:00 A4vs. H4. 7 ;16 C4 vs. B4. 8:00 E4 vs..'D4. 8 :15 S4 vs. F4.
RIFLE PRACTICE SCHEDULE The followinK teams may practice for their Rifle Meet from 3:30 to 5:30 p. m. on Thursday, January 29 : ( Acacia Alpha Chi Rho. Alpha Gamma Rho. Alpha Kappa Lambda. Alpha Sigrma Phi. Alpha Tau Omega.
ett’s squash team, which travels to Culver Military Academy to play a return match with the cadets and officers of that school. In one of the earlier matches of the season the Boilermakers emerged victorious ovei- the cadets by a score of 7 to 3.
yslentiiufs Eiay*" February. 14, u thtt special day to keep love and friendship glowing ,. , the .day not only for lovers but for everyone to express their tnie feelings to friends and family. In just a-few minutes you can select Hallmarh Valentines to suit every person^ We have many that are sentihhental, others humorous, fot young or oldi And remember—^they mean just a little .more when they bear i.tbaC-|y>*vhol of. quality-—HALLMARK. DECfeER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
In magazines and newspapers the country ovor sports writers have featured Piggie in widely publicized stories. Only last week carried a story of his wonderful career-as an inspiration of character a,nd sportsmanship to its thorisands of youthful readers. ► Silver Anniversary Season Now this .great coach and man is in the midst of his silver-'anni-versary season. On March 7, Piggie will have gives a quarter century of, his life toward bettering Purdue athletics. ^ C A representative committee has arranged for a three way'prbgr^ in which to allow Piggie’s multitude of friends to show theiri approbation of his unparalleled career. Students, faculty, alumni, and" otiier fi'iends;will all have a hand in the Silver Anniversary celebrations. ^ Piggif N First On dorik'-is an p.ccaM'dn' piarihed primarily to allow students to vent''their rifeeirrigs 'tbward Pigg The night of the Wisconsin basketball game on- PriBruai-y 16, the final Horiie game of the seasop, will be known ah'"PIGG^E LAMBEIRT NIGHT.” Many old friends, players, coaches, hews 'Wri'ters, alumrii,' and many others- will be on hand to help- the rtttdbiits in the cei-emdriies. • r THe secqrid feature iri’the Silver Anniversary pi-ogram will be at the annual Li'onk Club banquet March 1() when many faculty members, alumni, and local boosters will-join'with the students. The final part of'the celebration -will be held during Gala Week, this'year on M’ay 2" arid'3. Pbi- this occasion, headlined by the returning grp^yq^i has been planned. '
► A
Never'beforh riri a'riy 'occasion such as this, have we ever seen, such a unanimity of riliort; Stri'dents, faculty members, and alumni to a man have been exti-eriiriiy aiixibris' to make these Silver. Anniyersai-y celebrations Piggie one in .a .miUion ?
BE PARTY-6AY IN shower of festive confetti—spsiitkl^- oin this embroidered organdie collar and surrounded by a row of crisp ringlets! Its a pretty pick-me-up for your winter wools and, later, for your spring sheers. White, Pink, Blue, and Maize in six attractive shapes. • s|.25 FEATVREDIN X
^'1' i' -Mmi
b ' I
/■v-'‘ ■
decent reports have illustrated the widespread activities of University alumni in national defense. Below is listed reports from seveiv al of these alumni,, graduates of the School of Agriculture who majpred in entomology. The Exponei^ will continue to publish these re-
ports as received.
Alumni at Fort Bragg ' Charles O. Pai'tlow, Ag '35, own-er-operator of the Reliable Pest Control Company of Lafayette, left January 19, for Fort Bragg, where he has been called as a reserve officer. Partlow is a licensed aviator. During his absence his work will be conducted by Nick Roster who has been associated with him for sev-
eral years. \
Lt. Roger C. Yant, Ag ’41, also located at Fort Bragg, wrote in a recent letter that he has been appointed Post Exchange Officer for the Field Artillery Replacement Center. Duties of this position are managing seven army department stores and handling the day’s receipts which run as high as $12,000. By reason of his position, Yarit is a member of the General’s staffff and attends all staff meetings. B. M. Heniford is a sergeant at Camp Wheeler, Ga., and is in charge, of training new recruits and draftees. Virgil Knapp, Ag ’41, is in the Sanitary Unit of the Medical Corps at Great Lakes Naval Training Station, Ill. G. L. Hutton, Ag ’39, is at Fort Knox, Ky., John C. Deal, Ag Ml, is attending the Marine Officers’ Training School, and Joe A. Martin, Ag ’43, and Jim Clark, Ag ’41, have recently joined the army. ; Robert K. Chowning, Ag ’42, is at Camp Grant, Ill. g.w.s. Dr. E. Lowell Kelly . . . of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology will speak today in New York before the annual meeting of the Institute of Aeronautical Sciences, on “AnalyMs of instruction by recording in-structor-student conservation during flight.” Kelly has been workingon research problems in connection
with flight training.
Resident of Honolulu Refutes Propaganda Of Nipponese Radio The following letter, received from Darreld F. Darrow, fattier of Van G. Darrow, freshman engineer, completely-refutes claims'made in Tokyo propaganda broadcasts that people living in the Hawaiian Islands are badly in need of food and
clothing.
’Dear Mr. Baugh; If by any chance you happen to : tune in on the Tokyo propaganda broadcast, laugh it off. We are not starving and we have plenty of clothing, quite the contrary to their announcements. We were a hundred times worse off during the marine strike in 1937 than we are at present. I wouldn’t say that the Islands are in desperate circumstances just because a lady can’t get her particular brand of lavendar bubble bath, would you ? We were short of a few things we would have liked to have, but there was at no time a shortage of sub.stitutes for those items. In 1937, were were desperately in need of canned milk for instance, for babies. I donated my last sixty gallons at that time, but there has been no mention or call for it now. However, the program is amusing because it is so ridiculous^—if you can get it there. •—Darreld F. Darrow. Prof. Hunt . . -. of the chemistry department, has been elected to the office of national treasurer of. Phi Lambda Upsilon, national chemistry honorary, for the period 1942-44.
University Caleiidaf Thursday, January 29
Notices
9:00 a.m. Red Cross First Aid....... .......Room 306, Union : 2:00 p.m. PWC Bridge Group.!......, .........Room 263, Union 3:00 p. m. Screen Review...., , Music Hall 3:00 p. m. Agricultural Alumni ..Rooms 362, 334, Union 7:00 p.m. Allied Mills Banquet .....West Facqlty Lounge, Union 7:30 p. m.. Christian Student Fellowship. ............Room 307, Union 7:30 p.m, ASME Meeting............ASME Computing Rhi., ME Bldg. 7:30 p.ni; French Section, PWC East Faculty Lounge, Union Band Awards Service Health Service Stars To Personnel Daily Report
Notice Varsity golf practice begins tomorrow. Coach Allpaw wants all prospective candidates to report to the sub-basement of the Fieldhouse between 1 p.m. and 5 p.m. January 30.
F. C. King
. . . Head of the Animal Husbandry Department, Will talk today on the program of the Ohio Farmers’ Week held this week on the campus of Ohio State University, r.in.s.
With Perfect Records In a recent order, Bvt. Capt. P. J. Fenn and Bvt. 2nd Lieut. P. J. Leininger of the Purdue Military Band were awarded a basic course service bar with four silver stqrs and an advanced course service bar with four gold stars in recognition of having a perfect military record in their three and one-half years of band work. Also Recognized The following members were also given recognition: Crim, J. E.; Johnson, R. E.; Sprenger, R. A.; Lindstrom, C. W.J Patterson, P. M.; Coers, R. J.,; Evans, R. E.; Flackbert, A. C.; Grove, D. R.; Helms, W. A.; Hammer, W. A.; Bixler, G. L.; Brown, R. K.; Case, D. R.; Dull, K. R.; Ford, B. J.; Geyer, J. R.; Issacs, J. H.; Kastner, E. J.; Laudenburg, J. L.; Myers, L.- W.; Reynolds, A. E. Bass, F.; Byers, J. G.; Clifford, R. B.; Craigriflle, S. E.; Heine, R. R,; McKee, R. R.; Scudder, R. M.; Smith, H. L.; Spengler, G. P.; Wheatley, S. J.; Wood, J.-R.; Anderson, J. H.j Anderson, K. E.; Bender, M. L.; Berry, H. R.; Cheney, W. A.; Cloud, R. J.; Couch, E. R.; Dodge, P. C.; Dunwoody, D. B.; Hamelin, E. D.; Harwood, C. N.; Hinderer, N. A.; Hove, J. E. More Band Awards Jones, G. F.; Kasting, R. A.; Kimball, A. W.; Kraybill, W. H.; Macy, R. S.; Martin, L. R.; Melichar, R. J.; Myers, H. A.; Myers, M. B.;
Eugene Bohlke, junior in the School of Agriculture, Mary Lee, senior in the Science School, and Betty Wedge, sophomore in the Science School entered St. Elizabeth Hospital last Monday for medical treatment. Also, last Monday, C. E. Eves, sophomore in the Mechanical Engineering School was discharged from the hospital, d.w.o.
John Crone
. , . former student here and 1st Lieutenant on duty at the Station Hospital at Fort Knox, Ky,, was recently advanced to the rank of
captain.
Nash, R. W.; Palmer, G. M.; Past, W. L'.; Pitcher, R. G.; Nelson, R. J.; Ruzzler, L. M.; Salm, C. K.; Schnakeiiburg, R. H.; Shaw, J. A.; Sherwood, N. D.; Skinner, W. A.; Smith, M. L.; States, C. B.; Stresser, R. A.; Sutton, H. E.; Vermillion, W. L.; Vickers, R. S.; Weber, W. H,; Weigle, R. L.; West, J. A.; Wiggers, R. H.; Wilsop,| J. E.; Wood, L. G.; Wpodhull, D. A.; Schoonover, J. A.
Exponent Frosh StaffColnplete listinB of ffeshman editorial staff assignments is as follows: MdndayT—Vermillibn, Dvorak, Ricks, Huston, Duestefberg, Wells, Zeff i Tuesday—• Marion, Frohman, Martindell, Senour, 'Christman, Gqode; Wednesday— Marlin, Schneider, MaeWerter, Guernsey, Dayton ; Thursday—Byers, /Waring, Richardson, Fortier, Thompson ; Friday^—^Blackburn, Scalzo, Shapiro, Soloway, Skillman: Saturday—Byers, Vegh, Tyson, Tierney, Mitchell, Rassman. Please report On night assigned.' —RUFFNER Chemistry Major Seniors; Those desirious of getting a job should report at my office, room 422, Chemistry building, and advise me of their training, desires as to employment and information hblpful in
placing them.
A number of assistantships are available for the coming school year in the department of chemistry. Those students interested should report to my office at once.
—DEGERING
Biology Students: Makeup exams in Biology 1 will be held Feb. 7, at 1 p.m.
—ENDERS.
M.E. Make-up Exams: Examination for removal of C gx-ades in mechanism ME 11 will be given Saturday, Feb. 7, at 1 p.m. in roOm 301 Mechanical Engineering Building. —A HALL Student Senate: Special meeting at 7:40 p. m. Thursday, Jan, 29, in the Senate office. —DIBOS All Male Students: Aviation Cadet Examining Board No. 1 will meet in the basement of the Executive building for the purpose of interviewing and examining applicants for Aviation Cadet Training from Jan. 27 to Feb. 3 inclusive. For full information regarding Aviation Cadet Training and application blanks, apply at the Adjutant’s office. Armor" .—GRAHAM Gold Peppers: There will be no meeting Thursday, Jan. 29. —-SCARFF
, Freshman doed Ekponent Business Staff: Schedule is as follows^ Monday : Riggs, Krohn; Tuesday: Katz, Neger, J,, McCullough ! Wednesday: Cohen, Job; I’hursday: Study, Dfelts 1 FridayLevin, Gumpjiei', M, McCullough. —SIESS Code Instruction (Male Studehts): Revised code instruction class rolls are posted'on the, main bulletin board of the 'Armory. If the first classes Were missed the; attendance can still be made up; V —lt. BURKHART All Newly Entering Male, Freshmen: If you are not now enrolled in Military Training and have any desire to take Advanced Training you should enroll in Basic’ Military Training immediately. GRAHAM-v Math Make up Exams: Examinations to' remove grade C in Math will, be given on Saturday, Feb. 7, at 1 p.m. in Recitation Building. Permits to take this examination must be ’ obtained no later than Saturday, Jan. 31. —W. L. AYRES Purdue Gymnastics Club: A meeting of the entii'e membership will take place Friday, Jan. 30 at 4 p.m. in room 104 of the FieldhoUse gymnasium. Second semester plans will be discussed. —POZER Modern Dance: No practice Tuesday, Jan. 27. Very important jxractice Fi-iday, Jan. 30, at 4 p.m. Selection for dance performance will be made at this time. —SERBAN WAA: Don't forget tumbling practices on Tuesday, Jan. 27, ahd Thui-sday, Jan. 29 at 4 p.m. Come out and take part in the Penny Carnival. —BAUGHMAN ME 64 : Last call tor all those who have finished pump projects to collect them at room 303 in the ME building. —AULT Surveying Exam; An examination for the removal of C or I gx'ades in Surveying 6 will! be held in Room 101, CE Building Saturday, Jan. 31, at 1:00 p. m. Permits must be obtained befoi'e Friday noon. —LOMMEL Senior Coeds: For information regarding the Civil Service examination for positions as junior technologists, call at the Placement Service for Women. Phone number 2955. —SMITH
PlA Workers;. Meet;, in sdutU ballroom , Thursday, Jan. 29, at 7:80 p.m. <Jor Debris ( ' picture. —'RLDBR • Sigma Delta Psi; Meeting foV those. Who have passed seven or more tests in room 305 of \the Union at 7:16 p. m. Thursday, Jan. '2d. : ./-HHANSEHij,; Student Art Guild: Meeting; Thursday,.Tan. 29, at 4:30 j>. m. in roohi \26i oR ;Uie Union. ' j ^APARKS;,; Wesley Players: Open' meeting; Thursday, Jan. 29, at 7 :30 p. m.v irtfhe Wesley Foundation. -"DEYOUNG Interfraternity President’s Coianetl: / Meeting Thursday, Jan. 29, at 6 pV m,, at' the SAE house for dinner. r;'i' ; —MAYFIELD;, Student Senate: Senior board meetin'g'at 7:16 p. m. Thursday, Jan. 29, in the. Senate office. —DlBOSy' Skuli and Crescent: Very important Short meeting Thursday, Jan. 29; ,at 7:30 pirn.,.' ■ M-ENKE/ Reamer Club; No combined meeting. Regular but important business meeting on Monday, Feb. 2, at 7.:80 p. fh. in room'304 of the Union. Wesley Foundation r /Progressive party Fi'iday, Jan. 80, at 8p. m. at the Foundation'. Admission 16c per person or 20c per couple. Everbody is invited. —GILBERT, Skull and Crescent? Important short meeting Thursday, Jan. 29, at 7:80 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —MENKEAeromodlers: Important meeting Thursday. Jan. 29, at 7:30 p. m. in room 80. > A complete schedule has been worked but. Everyone interested is urged to attend. .j —SMITH AWS Head Counsellors: There will be a meeting Thursday, Jan. 29, at 4:80 p. m. in’ the AWS office. —SCARFP Freshman Engineers: Meet for ehginccring lectures Saturday, Jan, 31, at 8 a. m. in the Music Hall. Seating assignments are posted near the entrance of Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP
Classified Ads
Typewriters—^Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C, J. Ebetshoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
DANGER ZONES
• • •
Soil spots in your clothes are danger zones for that is where moths attack first. MONITE moth proofing (.exclusive with Cro>m) removes that danger. Every suit Cleaned by Crown is protected by Monite. HAVE CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY Immwi
Lost: Gabardine jacket lambskin lining. Reward.
vilh removable
Top of the Hill
★ A' ZI,
f
SECRETLY PROCESSED CUSHION INSETS ASSURE | PERMANENT . UPLIFT few®;
PERMA-LIFT U. S. Pat. No. 2,2.58,27 BRASSIERS by HICKORY
“The Lif t That Never Lets You Down” Whether you wish to gain or maintain a smart, youthful, well-mouldeff bust, PERMA-LIFT flatters the flat and the firm alike. The miracle happens at the base of the bra-cups,, v/here secretly processed cushion inset softly lifts your bosom, holds that firm rounded contour, never be'domes limp or lax through seasons of washings and wear. . We Fit Brassiers
No. 32—A smooth,. rayon satin bra with satin Lastex diaphram band. In small, average and full figure types. Colors: nutra and
while.
$2.00
No. 2S—Beautiful shadow lace, made lor small, and average figure types in while or nutra. $1.50 Others $1.00 to $2.50 MAIL AND PHONE ORDERS FILLED Exclusive With
FLASH!!
Your College Daily Gives You-
Study As Usuat—Adminisfrafion — December 9 — University Goes on Full War-Time Schedule — January 6 — Local Draft Board Clarifies Student Rating — January 10 — Boilermakers Down Ohio State Netters — January 11 — Trustees Award Aeronautics Lab Contract / ! —-January 22— TRUSTEES REAPPOINT MAE ELWARD, etc. January 23 —
3.93tol Fifth Column Washington Merry-Go-Round Scouting the Shops Classified Ads Let's Listen Rotating the Axis The Sports Gestapo University Calendar The Bottle Neck University Notices EDITORIALS
This is your paper, THE TRUE EXPRESSION of STUDENT OPtNION. It is a paper your parents would enjoy reading, it expresses your opinion and your exact status as a student in a University at War. Subscriptions are $2.25 (Mail) at the West Desk of the Union or in the Exponent Office after 4:00 p. m.