fr k^ i>lf’*.-^ytt-^ ^
f ^ i' 1 "* ^ T ^ ^Af St" A ■.,A
^■vgrtvfj JH
'.?' ’ J
- -1 Purdue
17.^—. .-.-1 * riXponent Jh
Volume 5^. N6. 9
* L&tc N^ws
LONDON, September 18 — In eight sluccessive raids today hundreds of German war planes attempted to pierce London’s aerial defense, and were turned back each time, according to a British statement, without a single plane being able to drop bombs over the city. British ground batteries and lighting planes shot down 42 of the Gern^an raider planes while losing only nine of the RAF fighters, pilots of five of these being reported safe. Good weather favored the Nazi bombers until near dusk. LONDON, September 18 — The British air ministry -announced tonight that shipping and military stores at “invasioh” points along the German-held European coast suifered “heavy damage” in bombing attacks carried out by the RAF. In Cherbourg harbor the British claim to have sunk two large ships, one of which was possibly a destroyer. Across the Channel from Dover, Germany heavy gun emplacements, which have bombarded English cities during th^ last v^eek, were also attacked. PHILADELPHIA, September 18 — The Cincinnati Reds clinched the National League pennant for the second successive season today as they turned back the Phillies, 4-8, in thirteen iimings behind the pitch-i ing of Johnny Vander Meer. At the same time the second place Dodgers were losing to the St. Louis Cardinals, 14-7. 'Old Girls,' Present Residents Of WRH To Meet Per Picnic “Old Girls” of WRH, those who lived in the halls in former years, will return to familiar haunts this afternoon at 4:30 o’clock whep 275 of the “old girls” and 370 present residents of the hplls convene for the annual “014 Girls’ Picnic” at the halls and on the lawn of South Hall. According to officials in charge of the event, the purpose of the picnic IS to acquaint girls now living in the halls with their predecessors. After visiting the rooms, everyone will be served a picnic supper on the lawn by South Hall. Quests of honor will include Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women, Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart, Miss Irene Feldt, MiSs Coolidge and faculty members of the physical education department for women. Union Will Present ! Musicale Sunday First musicale of the season will be held in the Union Music Rooni Sunday, September 22, at 4 o’clock. Tlje program will feature Marvin Smith, tenor, and Alberta Schmadel, soprano. Rosemary Robinson will accompany the two young artists on the piano. Alberta Schmadel is a membfer 6f thte Concert Choir and the Presbyterian Church choir. She also had leading roles in thf campus musical productions “Of Thee I Sing” and “Sweethearts.” Marvin Smith is a member of the Men’s Glee Club.
Student Voter Registration University students who are qualified to vote in the November 5 election may register in West Lafayette Starting tomorro'it, it Was announced yesterdayl A deputy reidstration clerk will be stationed at the Vest Lafayette fire department Itegistration of qualified students will be made from 9 a. m. until 5 p, m.
Unioli Board Issues Sophomore Call-out Sophomore men and co-eds, who have not yet worked Oli the Student Union staff or who have worked and were forced to drop their activities, will have a chance to vie for junior positions this year by ahswering the call-out for workers this afternoon at 4:16 o’clock in the south ballroom, according to an announcement made by the Student Union board. The purpose of the Union is to give the students an opportunity to acquaint themselves with dampus life and activities. Student] Union workers perform various / duties which facilitate and stimulate the students interest in the University. Workers decorate the ballrooms for Ranees; sponsor Sunday programs in the music room; and organize bowling, bridge and checker tournaments, teas and receptions. The staff closely cooperates with the Camera club. Model Airplane club. Riding club. Art club and Puttering Room in arranging programs and exhibitions. Proficiency, resourcefulness and willingness are the three principle attributes desired in the prospective sophomore Union worker, according to Student Union officials. Glider Club To Meet For initial Program Glider Club will hold the first meeting of the year tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room 212 of the Union. A description of the club’s activities during the summer will be given by old members, along with pictures illustrating the club’s progress. All students interested in gliding and soaring are invited to attend this meeting. Last spring 1:he club purchased the “LaPaloma,” a sailplane of the hi^h-performance class. The ship formerly belonged to Chet Decker, present holder of the national soaring title. The club also completed construction of their new two-place training ship las^ spring. During the summer members of the club competed in two major soaring meets, the national championship held at Elmira, N. Y., and the American Open at Lockport, 111. With the present equipment the club is looking forward to one of the most successful years since its organization. Luma House . . . elected the following officers: president, Robert Ely; vice-presi-dent, Herbert Blosser; purchasing agent, Harold Guttej'man; house manager, Mike Foley; secretary, Richard Bibbins; treasurer, George Abshier; pledge captain and sports manager, Paul Carrington; social chairman, Bud Luers; and house reporter, John Woliung.
Last Opportunity To Find Ideal Date At WSGA Bureau I By Mdrthii Jhnh Fox ^ i Well, Cindbrollas, this iS yourlhst chance to meet that “Prince Charming” you’ve always dreamed of through the service of WSGA. Let their Date Bureau furnish the necessary glass slipper and you’ll hdve a godd excuse for an exciting week-end. Tomorrow or Sattirday night may bring you a dozen other introductions throughout the school year. Nor" doubt you’ve all either met just one group on camj)us or hnve met none that you fit into. Upperclassmen, too, have stayed pretty much in one set since their freshman year. Make this your ‘acquaintance bureau’ as well as a date bureau. The VSGA desk will be in the lobby of the Union today hnd Friday afternoon from 4 to 6:30 o’clock. Girls living in the Residence Halls may sign up with Agnes McCulloch in North Hall, with Mary Ellen Scarff in South Hall, and with Mary Ann Carpenter in Wood Hall. Don’t you co-eds have enough confidence in your social poise to meet a strange person and yet make both of you feel at ease before the ^evening is over? That’s a challenge and there’s fun in the effort. Radio Club Plans Program For Year Radio club will hold its first meeting of the year Tuesday, September 24, in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering building. The meeting will be open to all those interested in the technique of radio communication. ^ At this opening session the officers of the club will present the program of activity for the coming year, and will answer any questions the new members of the organization may wish to ask. A special featiire oi the club program for this year will be a class in international Morse code for all who desire to learn. Another sphere of activity will center about the operation Of the amateur radio station, W9YB, which is owned by the club. Ruth Bennett Discusses University Rush Rules
I Yesterday afternoon at 4 p. m. a meeting of all organized women on campus was held in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall for the purpose of discussing co-ed rush. M^rs. Herbert Meyer and Mrs. R. B. Stewart, present advisers of the PanHellenic Council, were introduced. Ruth Bennett, member of the PanHellenic Council, presented rush rules as agreed upon by members of the council. Dean Stratton made an appeal/ to the sororities to make the rush system work.
New Faculty J^dvisory System Goes Into Operation Today
The newly - established Faculty Advisory system for freshmen and transfer students in the schools of engineering and science and the department of physical education for men gets under way today. Prof. David L. Arm, Acting Director of Pqrsoiinel, (for those groups announced last night. The task of assigning the great number of these new students to their feculty advisors, has been completed, and the personnel data collected aboht each student will be delivered today by special messenger to the advisors, each of whom has volunteered to advise five to twelve fteshmen. Each Faculty Advisor is being assisted in this important work by several volunteers from among the outstanding seniors in the various schools. Within the next few days each advisor will send postcards to his group of freshmen, stating when to meet with him and l^iis senior counselor assistaiihi, This first
meeting is primarily for the purpose of getting^'acquainted. Later, each of these new students will be called in for an informal, individual meeting with his advisor, and will also be visited in his room by the senior counselor to whom he is assigned. Similar programs have been, or are being, instituted by the various other schools and departments in the University. Under this plan, every/new student w^l have two people, one on the University staff, and the other an outstanding upperclassman, to whom he can go for advice and aid in making his adjustments to his near ^urrouhdinge. The^e peojple are dretoared to Resist him with his edttcatiohal and sooial problems, dnd will lidlp Hiin get th^ most out of all of the facilities which the Univeniityhas to offer. \
Stewart Announces (940-41 Personnel Of Concert Choir Selectioh of the 32 members of the enlarged 1940-41 Uifiversity Concert Choir^was aimounced yesterday by Director Albert P. Stewart. Tryouts for the organization were held last Friday and Satiirday. The Choir group was selected from nearly 600 applicants. The Concert Choir, a mixed organization, was organized in 1931 by Stewart and is composed of the most select voices from the University Choir and Glee Club. During the year the Choir, of Which Joseph Shepherd is manager, will present concerts in various Indiana cities as well as at the University. The 32 persons selected for the Concert Choir are as follows: Sopranos Anna Mertz, Corunna; Alleen Atkms, West Lafayette; Janeth Dixon, Benton Harbor, Mich., Alberta Schmadel, West Lafayette; Marjorie Williamson, Lafayette; Betty Wedge, Lombard, 111.; Helen Billeter, Indianapolis; Betty Ray ,Tangler; Dorthea Larsen, West Lafayette. Tenors Ellis Verink, Evanstoh, 111.; Marvin Smith, Lafayette; Henry Amt, Indianapolis; Ray Friend, West Lafayette; William Rothenberger, Mvdberry; John Mingle, Indianapolis; Wendell Linn, Craigrville. Altos Jeanne Miller, South Bend; Mollie Harding, Morris, HI.; Evelyn Shell, Chalmers; Mary Crane, Rushville; Joan Le Boeuf, Gary; Carolyn Wood, West Lafayette; Rhoa Reese, Gary; Alice Coe, Birmingham, Mich.; Ruth McDonield, Lafayette. Bass Donald Pyke, Lafayette; Richard Thornton, Elkhart; Wallace Woodrow, Muskegon, Mich.; Joseph Shepherd, Geneva; Joseph Richards, Pearl River, New York; Jim Chase, Louisville, Ky.; Charles Powell, West Lafayette. Dairy Techniciahs Meet Sept. 26,27 A meeting of dairy technicians will be held on the campus September 26 and 27 to discuss state and federal food and drug administraition requirements as applied to cream and butter. Besides the dairy staff members on the program, representatives of the Federal Food and Drug Administration and the State Health Department will be on hand to explain laws regarding dairy products. “There has been a big improvement in the quality of Indiana butter in the last few years, and only recently new tests have been developed which will aid in making still further improvements in the quality of both cream and butter,” said Professor H. W. Gregory, chief of the Dairy Department and chairman of the program. v, Much of the time of those attending the conference will be spent in the laboratory making the mold tests on cream and the mold mycelia count on butter. Those who have them will bring microscopes and Howard Mold Mycelia Chambers. This will give them an opportunity to use their equipment and to have it checked for accuracy. University Sponsors Planning ConfereiKo University engdifeering extension department and the department of agricultural extension are sponsoring a conference today in Indianapolis, covering county planning, soil conservation, and land use. Meetings will be hald in the conference room of the State Board of Health. Registration for the conference will begin ai 10 a. m. There will be no fee. This conference is offered with tile hope that open discussions will clear up many of our county planning, soil conservation, and land use problems.
Kemler To Speak At ASME Meeting Tonight In Union E. N. Eehiler, who joined the staff of the School of Mechanical Engineering as associate professor this fall, will speak on “Engineering in an Oil Producing Company” tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the north ballroom of the Union. Professor Kemler’s talk is part of the opening meeting for the present school year of the local chapter of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. Professor Kemler’s talk will consist of a short, informal description of some of the preliminary steps which lead up to the drilling of an oil well, telling how fields are located, of the leasing of fields, of the actual well location, “wild-catting” in the oil business and similar topics. He will also go into recent developments in Indiana and Illinois oil fields. , Professor Kemler left a pbsiiion with a large oil producing company to join the University staff. Membership applications for the University branch of ASME will be distributed at the close of the meeting, with one free membership offered as a prize. Refreshments will be served at the close of the session. Olsen Will Present ^ 'Swing Show' Before Tomorrow's Mixer Announcement of a new feature prior to the reg^ulqr Union mixers came last night in connection with the presentation of George Olsen and his “Princes of Swing” tomorrow night in both ballrooms of the Union at the mixer from 9 until 12 o’clock and at a pre-mixer “swing show,” free to students, from 7 to 8 o’clock. According to Doug McDaniels, Union vice-president, this will be the first in a series of “swing sessions” before mixers, usually from 7 to 8 or 8:30 o’clock, and all fre'C to students. Olsen’s variety show will,Consist probably of novelty ndmbers, numbers by his quartet, “The Bachelors,” Judith Wright, personality singer and pianist, Jean Blair, coloratura soprano, Isabelle Miller, rhythm singer and Lynn Cole, male vocalist. His music throughout the dance will feature these performers, also. Riding Club Will Hear W^ E. Schulze Speak The Riding Club will hold its second meeting tonight at 7:30 in room 364 of the Union. Featured on the program will be W. E. Schulze, owner of the Schulze Stablesir^^ho will explain for the benefit of ^he beginners the various parts of the saddle. During the meeting plans will be made for the McCabe Round-up to be held at the McCabe farms in Crawfordsville, and the Indiana Horse Show at the State Fair grounds in Indianapolis on September 28. The sale of tickets for the Lafayette Horse Show on October 1 will begin tonight at the meeting. Each ticket entitles the purchaser to a chance on the horse that is to be given away at the show. Membership cards will also be given tonight to those who have passed their tests since the first meeting. Mary L. Matthews ... dean of home economica presided at a dinner meeting of the home economics staff last night in the HE cafeteria. This was the first of the monthly meetings held by the group tiuroughout the year. During the evening, plans for the coming year were discussed.
Thursday, ISejAembet 19, 1940 Fatal Plane Crash Still Unexplainei By CAA Examiner Investigators Sifent; New Plane Piiitehased Causes of Tuesday morning’s airplane crash, which resulted in injuries fatal to a^aheed CAA pilot George Pickels, of EvansviUe, are still a mystery as the investigation, headed by CAA Inspector Daniel Moulton of Chicago, was stUl nnfinished .last night.
Funeral services for George Pidcel, advanced Universitir CAA student who was injured fatally Tuesday when he parachuted a^r losing control of his training ship, will be held at 3 p. m. today at the Ziemer Funeral Home in l^vansviBe.
Moulton and an assistant worked until 10 o’clock Tuesday night, continuing the investigation at the University airport yesterday. The almost completely demdiished plane was removed from the Charles Jakes farm, where the accident occurred, to the airport about dusk Tuesday. No Apparent Defects Although no decision has been reached by the safety Committee, the evidence already available indicates that the ship, which was a low-jwing Ryan ST, was not physically directive. The motor was at full throttle when Pickels bailed out with his parachule at approximately 300 feet in the air, and the investig^ators have revealed no discoveries of defects in the ship’s controls. The ship had been flOwn from 8:30 until 9:30 Tuesday morning by Hal Taylor, PSE ’41, who put the craft through'nll the intricate maneuvers required of advanced CAA graduates. Taylor turned the ship over to Pickels, who was not a student ajt the University, with the motor still running. Pickels was in the air about 30 minutes when, for some reason^which may never be known, he bailed out at too low an altitude for the open parachute to break the speed his fall. ‘Human Factor*t G. Stanley Meikle, director c£ the local CAA program, could shed no more light on the tragedy. **We choose OUT students carefully through rigorous physical and mental tests, provide them with good equipment and instruction, and carry insurance against life and property damage,” Meikle said. “Of course you must realize that in flying the ‘human factor* plays an important role in making possible a successful flight. We hope that the investigation give us some definite clue as to this,” he added. Meikle revettied the purchase of a (Continued on page 21
No|lce to Students: Students possessing cars whidi they intend to drive daring the school year, and who have not complied with the Universitr, regulations regarding registration of ears, are required to dose before Monday, September 23; on which date the benaltifes fOr non-registration wiB become - fective. / Cars may be registered at tbb Physical Plant office, Service and Stores Building, 8 a. m. to 12 noon and 1 p. nu to pw au wedk days, except Saturdays. It is necessary to present an inspection card sbowhsg that the car has been tested and approved by the Indiana State PoBee, Lafayette or West Lafayette city police^ before a car amy be reg* iatered. The Indiana State PoUce will test studrnat cars, free of ehatiK^ only after 4:99 p. «. dbBr at Poet No. 2, one and one-half miles ttorthweid of the Gampoa on State itoad S2^ Edward a BlBott, Fnsidenl.Jinudif Jadk
Freedom Of Speech Tonight in the west faculty lounge of the Union a group of students and faculty members will gather and discuss the South American question. That is not unusual. But at this meeting tonight there will probably be a small handfull of students who will discuss a question which is vital to everyone. Last week at a similar meeting the question of conscription was discussed. It is not the purpose of these meetings to arrive at any decisions or conclusions, but even the most unskilled observer could see that the majority of those present were opposed to conscription. We believe that this group was not truly representative and that the opinions expressed there were the opinions of a small minority. We are not chiding the Purdue Student Alliance which sponsors these discussions, but we are chiding the students for indifference and a general lack of interest in subjects which are vital to them. In critical times such as these it is the duty of every American citizen to be as well informed on national policies as possible. Nq conscientious citizen can shirk the responsibility of “fitness.” And yet out of seven thousand students a paltry fifty or so were interested enough to attend! But to this must be added the fact that those who did attend were surprisingly well informed. We are not carrying the torch for the Student Alliance, but we are interested enough to attend their meetings both to find out what is going on and to defend, if necessary, our own views. Not many of us appreciate the privilege that we as Americans have in the freedom of speech. Most Americans are apathetic toward discussions of important questions. Many do not even exercise their right to vote. But for students who are interested in educating themselves in the best American tradition to show a lack of interest in open discussions is certainly not keeping faith with our country’s founders who waged a war that they and we their progney might exercise the privilege of free speech.
Classified Ads FOR SALE TTpcwritcia and addinr new and used, for sale, rent and resMUred. AH makes of iwrtable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office snpplies. UimeoKrai^ and mnltisraph work. C. F. Bbershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779. —da Rnu-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407. For Bent; Two-car Garage. Reasonable. 225 S- Grant Street. Phone 2847. Lost: 1938 Westwood High School ring. Initials, F. H. F. Reward. Call 6066.
bers of the club are eligible for any position* —ALEXANDER.
AU Freshmen: Freshmen interested in working on the Scrivener staff should report to the Scrivener office in the Union Saturday, September 21, at 2:80 p. m. —ALEXANDER.
Sknll and Crescent: Meeting Thursday, September 19, at 7:80 p. m. in room 328 of the Union. Important. —LANIUS.
AIEE: Social meeting Thursday, September 19, at 7:80 p. m., in room 254 of the EE building. Refreshments will be served and door prizes given. —WISE.
Inter-Frat)ernity President’s Conncil: Meeting Thursday, September 19, at 6:80 p. m at the SAE house. —DOUGLAS.
Lost: One pair pink shell-rimmed glasses in hard-black case. Tinted lense. Reward. 618 Evergreen Av& 66858 Browar.
All Students: Open meeting of Purdue Glider Club will be held Thursday, September 19, at 7:30 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. All students interested are welcome. —KANE.
Notices
Na notiecs rMtived after 6 p. m. Sigma Delta Psi: AU men who wish to try out for Sigma Delta Psi, national honorary athletic fraternity, please meet in room 104 of the Fieldhouse Friday, September 20. —SCOTT.
GUder Club: Open meeting Thursday, September 19, at 7 :&0 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. —KANE.
Cosmopolitan Club: All foreign students and persons interested in the club are invited to the Club reception in the East Faculty Lounge, Union, on Friday, September 20, at 7:80 p. m. —CORTISSOZ.
Co-eds: All girls’ splash party in women’s pool Thursday, September 19, at 4 p. m. Pool open daily at 4 p. m. for open swim. —CURRY.
ASHE: Organization meeting on Thursday, September 19 at 7:80 p. m. in the North Ballroom of the Union. All Mechanical engineers invited. —KIRKPATRICK.
Catalyst Club: Very important business meeting will be held in the Chemical Engineering building, Friday, September 20, at 4 p. m. Please be there —BERGSTEDT.
AJl Men Students: Any men students may sign up beginning Tuesday, September 17, in the supply room of tiie Armory for pistol firing. First group starts September 24. —WASSMAN.
Undergraduate Dames: First meeting Tuesday, September 24, at 7:30 p. m. in room 808 of the Union. —GERSTUNG.
Union Building Permanent Assignments: AU organizations wishing permanent rooms in the Union building will submit written petitions to the Student Union Board before Thursday, September 19. Please state size of the organization and the reasons for wishing a permanent room. —CLARK.
AU Men: AU men interested in weightlifting please meet in room 104 Fieldhouse Thursday, September 19, at 8 p. m. —SCOTT.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, Sept. 19, at 7:16 p. m. in room 806 of the Union. AU members please be present. 9.19 —PITCHER.
Camera Club: AU members who have material in lockers in the darkrooms should Teave their name and position of the locker that they are using on the form in the darkroom book at the West desk. This should be done before Saturday, September 2l6t or the locks wUl be cut and the contents removed. —GEPHART.
Exponent Co-ed Sophomores; Work schedule is posted in office. Please report on day. assigned. _gniPaON.
Varsity Golf Candidates: All candidates for varsity golf meet in the lobby of the Fiel^ouse Friday afternoon at 4:16. 9-19
Fraternity Freshmen: All fraternity freshmen wanting to tryout for Intramural Manager please report to the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse —CLEVETT.
CE 6 Condition Exam: Elxamination for removal of condition in Surveying, CE 6 wiU be held in CE 101, Saturday, September 21, at 1 p. m. Get permit sUps in CE J62. —TODD,
All Students: First meeting of the Purdtw Outing Clhb wiU be held in room 828 ot tim Union $fonday. September 28, at 7 9. m. AU Btudte>te welcome, p. w. —bLAGBAVB. Seriveners: Petitiona for positions onJhe EcHtener staff should be left at the office before Thursday noon, September 19, and •botUd consist of a statement of the position desired together with an aetoowledgmnt of the obligations entaUed. All mem-
LUMA TODAY - FRIDAY - SAT.
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
SING A SONG OF SIX-GUNS!
with FUZZY KNIGHT The Texas Rangers and NEU O’DAY
PLUS—2ND FEATURE The Sensational Saturday Evening Post serial of modern college football! YESTEPtDAY^S HEROES —.WITH — Jean Rogers - Robert Sterling Ted North • Katharine Aldridge Russell Gleason
Purdue’s • Interesting • People By Donna Siess
You’ve seen them come and go, you’ve probably brushed shoulders and switched elbows with many of them. Yes, our interesting people. Men and women students with some little something that makes them different and intriguing. They may not be BMOC’s, they may not be Iron Keys and Mortar Boards, but they’re interesting. You upperclassmen may already knovf them or maybe like the freshmen, they’re just a name to you or a passing face. To show you that “life can be interesting” we bring for your enjojnnent, Purdue’s Interesting People. ’ Yesterday, while sitting in the classroom waiting for that 10 minutes required before ditching a professor and what thus far promised to be a very boring lecture, we were suddeidy awakened by the appearance of vivacity herseK in the person of a lovely redhead. “Wow,” ne said, recognizing this feminine bit of dynamite. Upon close scrutinization she proved to be about five feet seven inches, weight about 125 poimds; and with a dianning, slightly upturned nose. The co-ed we describe is Ruth “Bfennettbug” Bennett, at the present time co-ed executive of Union. Some of you may remember her as the heroine in “This Thing Called Love,” Playshop production of the season ’38-’39. That was really fun for Ruthie, as dramatics is her hobby when she has time to indulge between meetings and such, because
PIA Members: Any aunior or senior independent student interested in the position of men’s activities chairman on the PIA board must turn in his petition to the PIA office by 4 p. m., Monday, September 28. A sincere interest with ideas is more important than experience. —MUSSER.
Riding Club: Meeting Thursday, September 19, at 7:30 p. m. in room 364 of the Union. —GRAHAM. WAA Members: Speedball starts Thursday, September 19, at 4:00 p. m. —STBIGERWALD.
Purdue Wheelmen; First ride of the season Sunday, September 22, at 3 p. m. Meet in front of the Administration building. Bring 86 cents for picnic lunch. AU bicyclists are welcome. —VANDERBILT.
ROOM FOR BOYS 5 double rooms — single beds—^near campus and village.
117 Wiggins
Phone 45301
STARTS TODAY -DOUBLE FEATURE-
llir amazing Hlory of a double life) will give you llie Ibrill of voursl \
EDWARD
.... , Dc^imiiH'ousr Humphrey'Bogart Allen J^kiiis
—PLUS— The Gay Giddy Goings-On Inside the Most Glamorous Social Circle in the world! CAFE SOCIETY'
STARRING
MADELEINE CARROLL FRED MacMURRAY SHIRLEY RflSS
The Bjth
We were surprised yesterday to s^e in the headlines: BLITZ EXPECTED SOON—CHURCHILL To that we ask what Hitler ha's been doing up to date. Makes us think of the Spanish civil ruckus. /They fought the decisive battle of the war every day two years. ^ * * * Der Fueher has now issued a decree stating that Poles are an inferior race. Pure aryans should not associate with them. And from now on all Poles will sew a yellow P on a diamond shaped background on the right shoulder of everything they wear. So the Germans can tell them from the Germans. ^ ^ Admiral William H. Standley led a mass meeting in Chicago last night on help the British stop Hitler now before he stops us. He’s slightly behind in his newspaper reading. They say, Atlantic seaports are gutted with merchandise. Consigned to England. * * * Then there are the fifty over-aged, water-logged, condemned and otherwise unfit for service destroyers. If * * Better ones have been sold for junk say the boys in the know. Which all makes us wonder, will they float ? And who gets the contract for towing them to Europe.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered u oeeond oIom matter at the post office in LatodUu^ under the act of Congress of March S, 1879, and at the special rate/of postage provided for in section1108, act of October 8,1917, anthorised January 20, 1022. i^bUsl^ daily exoept Monday daring the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally hy carrier for $8.00 per year, m/til subscription $8.60. Editor-ln-ChIcf......„__. JB. w. Donahue Basfnem Manager Jlcrle Hagemcyer
Publication Staff
.J. H. McKee
Mews Editor.
Managing Editor—... w_._.......n. K. Heiple Associate Kditors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. FuroeU, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. SkaUerup, J. L. Traugott.
f
Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers: Promotion Manager, C. B. Dangelmajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, M. Rectenwald. ' Co-ed Staff Editor — ~. Beth Simxwon Associate Editors: Mary Kay MiUer, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor .. — J. P. Dolan Assooiate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. «
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 R^reaented fw national advertising by National Advertising Service, Ine., College Publishm Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N, Y. Thursday, September 19, 1940.
doubtful of their value. Which puts the majority on our side. There seems to be only one sour note. The British are satisfied.
Everyone, including ourselves and Hitler, seem And they have to fight in the damn things.—dkh
she’s quite a busy co-ed these days with Gold Peppers, WSGA, and Mortar Board meetings. Outside of dramatics, she likes to puruse Mademoiselle and other fashion magazines.to keep up with what’s what in the fashion world. Green and yellow are her favorite colors, and these she plays up a good deal in her clothes. Remember her yellow, fluffy formal in which she led last year’s Junior Prom as the queen ? H you ever see the above described co-ed, you’ll know she’s one of Purdue’s Interesting People. Yours for more interest.
NOTICE TO TELEPHONE USERS Students who are dialing three digits and delaying the dialing of the remaining digits are delaying their chances of securing their connection as there are many paths to select any given number. This method is absolutely of no help in getting a busy number, rather a hinderance. Hwana Associated Telephone Corporation
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
ANDAlk
VINCE BARNETI
Fafal Plane Crash (Continued from pnge 1) new training ship for advanced CAA work which was ordered for tentative delivery August 26. The
plane, a Waco YPT-14 biplane of the trainer type now ordered for all advanced CAA work, was to have supplemented the low-wing Ryan, but will upon its arrival become a replacement for the Ryan, which is a total loss.
The Surprise Hit of the Season! A WHAT A / LOVER / WHAT A \ MANf
TUfC
AfcClllf^
Mnrfel An^lus Akim Tamiroff
HIT
N0.2 "SYNO
TODAY & FRI.
DOWNS M „
7N0 DANCB^PLENTYHOT
HELD OVER -THRU SATURDAY BY POPULAR DEMAND —
THEY’RE ALL IN ORE PICTURE... anci ft R-0-0-A4-5 with thrillsl
star romance packs a wallop your heart will never forgetl
TODAY - FRIDAY - SAT. UlMHSng
ADMISSION-^ . . MATINEE . . Main Floor 40e + 4e tax: 44c Balcony 3lc4c tax: 3Se . . night . . Main Floor 54e ■+■ 6e tax: 60e Balcony 40c + 4c tax: 44c CNWren—All Day 15c
-7 s,
k 4,. d I
^ .(1
i 1
4'
$*■^« i
< ‘\ { ^ -^ ^ j S :? ^ ''-<t^f J ^ V ^ ^ ^ ^ . - ' <x. /
nundoy* S«plMAber 19« 1940
PORDOE EXPONENT
Frosh, Varsity Gridinen Prime For Saturday's Encounter
Rhinies Oppose Varsity In Stadium Saturday This Saturday, in the broad expanses of Ross-Ade Stadium, the youthful cohorts of Freshman Coach Elmer Burnham will test the strength of Mai Elward’s highly-touted varsity, and thus offer Boilermaker enthusiasts something of a preview of the approaching season. What with all of the frosh candidates wanting an opportunity to display their respective talents, Elmer is faced with the problem of selecting a starting combination that will be representative of the entire squad, and at the same time provide satisfactory competition for the varsity. In view of the fact that practice ■ -
ww.y Keen Competition Mes
For All Starting Positions
lllnsions
sessions for the Bhinies are scarcely a week old. Coach Burnham has ^fBculties in connecting 150 names with the same number of faces. However, he and his boys will, doubtless, give the upperclassmen plenty of staunch opposition. The system of the Notre Dame shift, whereby the backfield goes from a “T” formation into a single-wing-back, has been temporarily dispensed with, because of the short time in which to prepare the Frosh for the Saturday contest, originally scheduled as an intra-squad game, for Elward’s charges, alone. Therefore, the majority of the plays will be rim from a short punt-formation. The advantage of the latter is dual in purpose, for all offensive maneuvers, including punts, can be engineered froB4.the one set-up. Plenty of Backs A galaxy of high school stars grace the roster of names of the lads assembled under Burnham’s wing. Hyzak, Haines, Southworth and Salyei give the Greenies four capable quarterbacks, while three brawny plungers in Bachman, Chester and Lubich wage a close tussle for the fullback spot. Burkhart, Andrytech. Smock, Stewart and Booker are candidates for the left-half-back position. The list of backs is completed) by Meakam, Subyona, Robinson and the second of the Burkhart’s at right-half. The linemen are large in body and plentiful in numbers. At the end slot, we have Willey, Ogles-
IMPROVE YOUR BALLROOM DANCING TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS WE OFFER THE LATEST NEW ADVANCED CLASS Opens Tonight, 7:30 p.m. Indiana's Largest Dancing School PHONE 2150 ' ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRY
cham, Devine, and Bob Britt. Bob is a brother to Gene Britt, dependable flankman who was graduated last June. No less than seven tackles are battling for the two starting assignments, they being Schramski, French, Claffey, Volkman, Thompson, Davisson and Voss. Since two t3^es of guards are employed in our system, running guards and those of the forward blocking style, Hanson, Di Marco, Nuel, Di Meo and Pechin are doing their utmost to familiarize themselves with the duties they are expected to perform. Capable Pivotmen At center, the team is well fortified with Johnson, Stoeltint, Bitgood, Haynes, and Toomey doing the snapping-back. Coach Burnham hesitated to choose a starting eleven for the ensuing game, as ^e feels that a few more days of scrimmage will reveal something of the potentialities of the squad. By Friday evening, he hopes to be in a better position to divulge the personnel of his first-stringers, though it is very possible (that he, himself may not know until game time, Saturday. IM Schedules Softball Thursday, September 19 Diamond 9 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 2 10 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 4 11 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 6 12 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 8 13 Cary Hall 9 vs Cary Hall 10 14 Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 12 16 Cary Hall 13 vs Cary Hall 14 Fraternity Golf Thursday and Friday, September 19 and 20 Three! men from each fraternity play eighteen holes. Must be completed by Fri-
day.
/
Acacia vs Sigma Nu Kappa Sigma vs Delta Tau Delta Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Alpha 'tau Omega Theta Chi vs Pi Kappa Alpha Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Phi Gamma Delta Lambda Chi Alpha vs Beta Sigma Psi Sigma Alpha Mu vs Delta Chi Tau Epsilon Phi vs Alpha Gamma Bho Theta Xi vs Kappa Delta Bho Sigma Chi vs Beta Theta Pi Phi ICappa vs Phi Kappa Signma Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Delta TTpsilon Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Kappa Psi Sigma Pi vs Phi Delta Theta Alpha Chi Bho vs Theta Tau Phi Kappa Tau vs /
LAYS DOWN LAW
Your Honor—the whole tinth and only the truth is that Geisler's Cords provide distinctive trouser style and double the wear of ordinary trousers. See Them Today Quality and Satisfaction Guaranteed
$5.00
per pair
By Joseph Patrick Dolan We have just returned from watching the freshmen, or sheep, practice for their game with the varsity this coming Saturday. Not for five years have" the frosh been allowed to tangle with the varsity, but this semester, the green team has made about twice as much progress as the heretofore Rhinie squads and therefore will be permitted to tangle horns with the upperclassmen this Saturday. —I-I— A revival of the frosh-varsity game isn’t the only reversion on tap for Saturday. Once again the frosh class will line up at the top of state street hill and march to the game in a body, one of the grandest stenes ever produced here on the campus, and still a greater memory. I wasn’t privileged with a Saturday of fun like the class of ’44 will experience this Saturday, and what’s more our frosh class didn’t even know what our football plashing classmates looked like. I wonder how Dave Rankin, A1 Rossi, Mike Byelene, etc., would have performed against the vaunted' varsity of Cec Isbell and gang. —I-I— Tradition builds a fraternity or sorority, or a co-op house, and likewise a university or college is founded and cherished upon little pranks that grow into habits and later into ‘‘rules.” Of course, Purdue is sourly lacking in a great many campus traditions and school habits; however, a few inspired people, who wish to give to their school as well as receive, are slowly building a few reverberators that we can use in the future to gawk back to “Bully fer Old Purdue, etc., etc.,
etc.”
—I-I— Varsity and freshmen squads alike are preparing for the contest with vim, vigor, and plenty of vitality. As a matter of fact the freshmen are drilling after dinner each evening in the Sanctum Sanctorum of the huge Fieldhouse in secret. And those frosh are definitely not lacking in spirit; what eighteen or nineteen year old kid is during these days? —I-I— With the passage of the conscription act, we can’t help reminiscing about the stories we’ve read of great athletes who were yanked from the college gridiron to enter training camps during the last war. It did divert many college educations that were never finished after the Armistice. -I-I-Such a conscription plan as will be invoked quite soon should prove to be one of the greatest aids to in-
I
Intramural
Sports
Swinging this mighty bat is former Purdue diamond captain, Felix Maciewicz, PE ’40, hard-hitting center fielder for the Lafayette Red Sox, who will meet the Muncie Citizen team tonight at the Columbian Park baseball stadium in Lafayette to settle the dispute for the In-diana-Ohio league baseball championship. Mac bats in the clean-up spot, and the Red Sox pitcher is Bob Bailey.
Diamondmen Hold Long Batting Session Batting practice on the south end of Russell Field is the paramount feature for the Riveter’s fall baRpball team. Under the steady eye of Pop Doan, the team is working hard. Everyone on the field has the baseball fever, with plenty of pep and enthusiasm. Sophomores seemed to hold the limelight in the group of hopefuls. The following list of players are reporting reguiarly to practice: catchers: Captain Fisher, Young, Smith and Cortese; pitchers: Emmert. Cooper, Freiher, Janish, Leifeit, Patrick and Clasman; first basemen: Ridgeway, Grace and World; second basemen: McFarren, Martin, and Potenza; Rawles, McAdams, and Hinks at third and short; fielders: Waterhouse, Mitchell, Carson, Daniels, Seely, Roberts, and Churchhill. Several members of the squad are engaged in other sports, and will not report for fall practice.
tercollegiate athletics that has ever been employed—and it’ll be at government expense. Many high school athletes, some good, some bad, are forced to enter employment after completion of high school and there in industry they stay, but as members of a training army there will be intra-service athletics, and don’t tell this Celtic blow-hard that colleges and universities won’t be watching the army and navy training camp activities in recreation with interest. _I-I_ Often, college scouts are “afraid” to take a flyer on a high-school star, but there’s no doubt about the mature kid of conscription age. Bock up, fellows, it isn’t so bad after all.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
e Jewelers
e Tailor
Re C. EiSENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St,
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts. ^
HAYS JEWELRY CO. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Mam Phone 2777
School Supplies
University Book Store Across from the Union Next to the College Inn M. C- "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Dpc"EppleM0
Displaying one of the most courageous and fighting attitudes ever displayed by a Gold and Black squad, the inexperienced but fast improving Boilermaker gridiron aggregation held one Of the most spirited practice sessions of the infant season yesterday afternoon under the determined rays of a blazing 01’ Sol.
Nearly every man on the entire squad is expected to see action in the tune-np. Gimlet sponsored game with the strong yearling squad on Saturday afternoon. According to head coach Mai Elward, “It will be a good chance to get a line on the playing of sophomores imder their
first varsity competition.”
“The chances are,” he continued, “that the second year men will do most of the playing in the dash
with the freshmen.”
Nobody Sure I
Exceptionally keen is the competition for aU positions this year, with about three men battiing for each starting berth. Probably the strongest competition in the line is the sharp fight for guard and end
posts.
Sophomores Hillenbrand, Vecs, Modisett and Ehrlich are making it plenty warm for upperclassmen Winchell, Miller, and Melton for the guard posts. Second year men putting u]^ the strongest fight for the wing positions are King, Shimer, and McCaffery. Juniors Rush, Sprowl, Combs; seniors TycocW, a transplanted back, along with Captain Dave Rankin are the remaining candidates seeking end positions. Sophopiores Potent Nor is the competition much less for the center post—with sophs Van Aiken, Lengo, and Ruggieri rushing senior letterman Ted Axton for the starting pivot post. Tacklemen Timperman, Neff, (both of whom are now on the temporary injured list), A1 and Italo Rossi, Warren and O’Brien are competing for the posts of the forward wall. A strong array of kickers, passers, and runners is making the task of finding the best combination foe the backfield a tough problem. At right half Brock and Carter are giv-, ing veteran John Galvin a tough fight for the starting post. The superb passing and Mddng of Brod^ and the fine brdLeii fidd running of Garter present one of the highlights of the early practices. Tough But Bfaiuy “The selection of quarterba<^ wiB depend on blocking and ability to think under pressure,” remarked Elward during the practice. “Kersey’s judgement in calling Hie right plays has been steadily impro^g,” added the coach, “but he is being hard pressed by Cary, Smerke, and Snyder.” Berto and Anderson are working hard at right half to dedde who wBl play imderstudy to the veteran sparkplug of the backfield, diminutive Mike Bydene. At the starting gun fullbacks Buffmgton and Fijali will be backing up Petty, who has been displacing fine form during the early season practices. Everyone Works Following a warm-up session, kicking, wind-sprints, pushing the rushing madiine, tackling dummies, punting and iiassing, the squad concluded practice with a snappy scrimmage session.
Fre$hmen Activity Men A call for freshmen intramural managers was given yesterday afternoon by Walter Frank of the intramural department. First year mCn interested in taking up this activity are urged to report to the intramural office any time this
week.
From the freshmen managers working this yeaT, two mep will be selected for sophomore managers. Both sophomore managers receive numeral sweaters, while the juniof manager will receive a “P” sw|ater. Rifle Club Meeting All of last year’s members and other students interested in riflery are urged to attend the initial meeting of the Rifle club in room 104 of the Fieldhouse at 7:30 tonight. Ken Scott will be in charge of the meet-
ing.
Weight Lifters Meet Weight lifting enthusiasts will meet this afternoon in room 104 in the Fieldhouse at 3:00. The meeting is open to all students who are interested in the hefty sport. Touchball Referees M. L. “Chief” Clevett issued a call yesterday for all persons wishing to obtain positions as offidals for the coming touchball games to report to the intramural office in the Fieldhouse sometime this afternoon. The positions, ten in number, are open to any student who is willing to acquaint himself with the rules of the game. The meeting this afternoon will be a rules meeting. All offidals chosen will be remunerated for their work. IM Schedules All-Campus Tennis Thursday, September 19
4:16
B. M. Glazier vs A. K. Pickering F. Lang vs M. A. Schweig J. Cummingq vs W. Schalliol J. Papurca vs J. M. Bahner M. Marks vs O. Pierce J. S. Sells vs T. L. Liang G J. Siener vs T. L. Heller L. A. Cohen vs B. Parker B. G. Massey vs M. Vitale C. S Armstrong vs Dick Anderson F. C. Shafer vs J. D. Persok J D Wunderley vs J. C. BCarrison M. J. Gardner vs Bud Lafferty A. Huisken vs J. Kamisky B. E. Xiange vs W. M. VanCamp G. V. Falkenberg vs A. C. Goerss F. Lau vs E. Wells V. Whitley vs B. S. Armstrong L. E Osborne vs B. H. Paul 6:00 p. m. F. D. Martin vs Crutchfield Dutch Bichard vs J. H. Marshall Dick Stettner vs E. D. Walsh L. E Apll vs B L. Parker D. M. Collins vs B. L May B. Peterson vs H. Bartsch J. H. Shaw vs K. Baughman Bob Platt vs E. Porterfield S. J. Murphy vs D. L, Johnson W. B. Dudzinski vs B. W. Klein F. Turner vs B. B. Eeed E. H. Vaughn vs C. J. Christensen G. Marr vs E. G. Cook
We Have 28 of These
STUDY DESK LAMPS Flexible Neck
at each HAYWOOD’S
Retail Dept.
SMiflrrMpSit.f'l * *
ptfliDtrfi
Ifit '
I •
I#., 1 vr ,
ji ^ 4r
'"VI eM? .‘I 1
:
teiiii-c-'/:;;
tfif
CHESTNUT ROOM COFFEE SHOP
THE PLACE TO DINE For Good Food and Quick Service
THE PLACE TO DINE
Superb Food and Service
DO NOT MISS THIS BEST OF
DINING ROOMS on the Second Floor
in a
Noted for Its Good Coffee
SWEET SHOP HE PLAGE TO MAKE FRIENE Complete Fountain Service Enjoy the Gayest and Life of This MOST POPULAR SPOT
AND FOUNTAIN DRINK :e This Modem and Youthful R YOUR RENDEZVOUS
CAFETERIA THE PLACE TO PUT MEAT ON GROWING BONES Food that is delicious and well balanced in great variety THREE COUNTERS - - FAST MOVING LINES VERY ECONOMICAL FOR THREE MEALS EACH DAY
Be Sociable In The
ue
CahnsUL IJvL C‘iunpm^~-yjd, iha, 0mish. /2ctinitioA
■'ii'S;
^n'\
)k)i
X*l
Ml