L<^ EDITORIAL j Seeks Changes In Union Tea Service
Established 1889
9 Happy Class Day
ARMY PAGE
Reveals Gl Justice Court
’
Volume 56, No. 49
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, September 2, 1943
Crooks To Open Convo Season September 11
Gallienne, Consul General, Speaks At Combined Operations Convo
Saturday night, Sept. 11, a joint recital by Richard Crooks, Metropolitan tenor, and'William Primrose, violinist, will open the 1943-44 series of convocations and lectures, according to an announcement from Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the committee in charge. Other programs scheduled for the convocation season are as follows: Oct. 16—Paul Draper and Larry Adler; Nov. 6—Harold Bauer and Eugenia Honeywell, duo-pianists; Nov. 14—Earle Spicer, ballad singer; Dec. 9—Ballet Theatre; Jan. 16 —Columbia Opera Quartet; Feb. 18 —H. R. Knickerbocker, lecture; Mar. 9—.‘“Life With Father”; Mar. 17—Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra; Mar. 30—Julien Bryan, film lectpre on South America. Season Tickets Available Season tickets for the program, priced at $6.50 each, including tax, will be available to the general public and staff members, while students will be admitted upon presentation of the proper identification cards. Mail orders should be addressed to W. W. Hollensbe, University Cashier, Executive' Building, enclosing check and return envelope. Irina Baronova will appear with the “Ballet Theatre,”-a ballet company of 125 artists, on December 9, which will finish the first half of the program. The Columbia Opera Quartet, composed of Igor Gorin, baritone; Josephine Tuminia, coloratura soprano; Helen Olheim, mezzo-soprano, and Nino Martini, tenor, will open the second half of the season. Wesley Foundation Sponsors Party Wesley Foundation is sponsoring a “back-to-Bchool” party Friday, September 3 at 7:30 p. m. There will be games, dancing, and refreshments. All servicemen, students, and cadettes are invited to come. The price will be fifteen certts per person.
Hudson To Speak To Chemical Society Dr. Claude S. Hudson, a member of the U. S. Bureau of Public Health in Washington, D. C., will speak before the University section
This Is The Army^ Premiere Set; Proceeds To Swell Army Relief Fund
DR. CLAUDE S. HUDSON will address the University section of the American Chemical Society tonight. of the American Chemical Society in Room 211, Stanley Coulter Hall, at 7:30 p. m. today. “2.5 Methy-lene-D-Mannitol” will be his sub-
ject.
Dr. Hudson graduated from Princeton University in 1901, staying on for an additional year as a fellow. He began his study of the mustarortation of milk sugar, a substance on which he has published many research papers, culmi(See HUDSON, page 4)
AWS To Hold Frosh Elections Tuesday In Great Hall Of Union AWS elections for freshman representatives for the semi-semester will be held Tuesday, September 7, in the Great Hall of the Union. Any freshman woman may vote upon presentation of her schedule card. Two representatives are to be elected, and any freshman girl may hand in a petition to become a candidate. The petition should be as follows: We the undersigned do hereby nominate—^for the office of AWS Freshman Representative for the semi-semester. Each petition must be signed by 25 freshman girls. The petitions must be in at one of the offices of the Women’s Residence Halls or handed in to the AWS box at the west desk in the Union by noon, Monday, September
6.
This election gives freshmen women a special opportunity to get started in activities. Debns Disl'ribut'ion Debris distribution will begin Thursday, September 2, and end Friday, September 10. Hours: 5 p. m.-6 p. m. Students should get their books before next Friday. The remaining books will be mailed to home addresses. Editorial Staff There will be a meeting of all Exponent workers on the editorial stalf this evening at 7 p. m. in the Exponent office. —WILBUR.
So That’s How It Started? . . .
Resembling in all respects a New York or Hollywood premiere—even to the extent of reserved seats and a $4.40 top price—the movie version of Irving Berlin's famous allsoldier show, “This Is the Army”, will premiere in Lafayette next Wednesday evening, September 8. Sponsored by the Lafayette Post No. 11 of the American Legion, it will be presented at the Mars Theatre two weeks prior
to the Chicago premiere.
First-nighters will contribute the fanciest prices ever asked for a motion picture in this community. Since all profits from the film are contributed to the Army Emergency Relief, this device has been employed in all cities where “This Is the Army” has been shown. In New York, premiere prices extended to $65.00. The $4.40 top, however, will prevail only for the opening night performance. The next day when the film starts its regular run, the usual popular prices will prevail.
Began On Broadway
“This Is the Army” began as an all-soldier musical revue on Broadway over a year ago. After three months there, it toured the larger cities of the country and ended up on the west coast—in one of Warner Bros, studios. For the movie version, WB added a few “names” t^ the cast; a story to give it a semblance of continuity and filmed it in technicolor. This, apparently, has detracted in no way from the original GI spirit. In fact, the critics who are all too free and easy with their adjectives, have been left practically wordless. This is one benefit show for which no allowance need be made on charitable grounds. For the premiere performance only, a special 30-minute prelude will be given on the stage by personnel from Ft. Benjamin Harrison. The show also brings two bands, jeeps and other army equipment for ajstreet parade, Mr. E. M. Heinmiller, chairman of the special committee managing the premiere, announced. An extra box office to handle the reserved seat sale will be set up in the theater lobby on Sep-
tember 4.
AWS Will Sponsor Date Bureau Again This Week End Eds and coeds on the campus will have another chance this week end to sign up for a date through the famed Date Bureau. Everyone gets to fill out a preference slip. Saturday night being the only night on which the Bureau is to act, circumstaiy:es will require that all persons desiring a date must sign up on Friday. Desks are to be place in the Women’s Residence Halls, North and Wood, and in front of the Sweet Shop in the Union. These desks will be open from 10 o’clock until 4 in
the afternoon.
Joe Rutledge who lives in Northwest Cary and is Social Coordinator for the Navy, Army, and Marine students, will take the names of men desiring dates. Free Union Mixer To Honor Freshmen Free Union Mixer will be held next Saturday, September 4, from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m. in the Union ballrooms with both Harry Reed and Maury Mahn playing. Union cards or schedule cards must be presented at the door and all freshmen are invited to come, since this is their first mixer of the year. Harry Reed will play in the South' Ballroom where the stags may cut in at will, but in the North Ballroom Maury Mahns’ “Five Men of Note” will play for copples only. Coed Hours Hours for all women students tonight will be 11 o’clock. —AWS Judicial Board.
Elliott Presides Over Session; Beere, Bartley Pay Tribuie President Elliott presided over the combined operations convocation in the Music Hall last night, while W. H. Gallienne, C. B. E., British Constfl General of Chicago was the principal
speaker.
During his talk, which was titled “Fear”, Gallienne stressed the fact that difficult decisions should be made dispassionately and without any outward sign
of hesitation or weakness. Gallienne also gave the audience his code of living, which is: never do an unnecessary unkindness, never tell an unnecessary lie, and learn to control fdar. Gallienne has led an adventurous life in which he has been in more
Sfudenfs May Avoid Polio By Following Simple Precautions
By “Doc” Miller
Infantile paralysis is fast becoming a serious epidemic through-out the Middle West. The University as yet has not been touched by the dreaded virus poliomyelitis. Both the army and navy units are following definite precautions in order to prevent any of its trainees from contracting the disease. University students are being asked to cooperate and to use the same degree of precaution as the armed forces. Students should help avoid poliomyelitis by observing the following recommendations until there is no further danger from an epidemic: 1. Avoid overtiring and extreme fatigue from strenuous exercise. 2. Keep away from large groups and overcrowding as much as pos-
sible. ^
3. Avoid swimming in rivers, ponds, lakes, and public swimming pools. The University pool will be closed to all .students until" Octo-
ber 1st.
4. Avoid chilling as would come from a sudden plunge into extreme- than 40 different countries. Enlistly cold water on a very hot day. ing in the British army in 1914, he 5. Eat moderately and have a was commissioned an officer the fol-well-balanced diet. lowing year. After he was dis6. The viru^ of polio may be charged from the army as permantgiven off an infected person in ly disabled in 1919, he entered the droplets from the throat or in the consular service and as a result of excretions. Sneezers and coughers his long, distinguished service he should be avoided. Kissing is very became the youngest man to he dangerous! made a commander of the order of 7. Avoid taverns and untidy eat- the British Empire. ing places as much as possible. Tribute was paid to the Univer(See POLIO, page 4) (See GALLIENNE, page 4)
W. H. GALLIENNE, C.B.E., British Consul General, spoke on “Fear” last night at the combined
operations convocation.
Student Book Exchange To Function
Until Friday; Began With Class Of 31 Beth Ludberg, Phyllis
Bate, Jean Thompson
Has ‘Sex Appeal’.
Books are now being sold at the Student Union Book Exchange in room 267 of the Union Building. The sale will continue until Friday, September 10, during the hours of 1 to 6 every afternoon. All books and money should be claimed by 5 p. m. of the 10th,
History
When the senior class at the University balanced its books in the spring of 1931, they discovered a surplus of $1300—a sum which had to be disposed of before they finally marched across the stage to get their diplomas. The class gotHogether, and finally decided to set their money aside in a fund to be used for the establishment of a student book exchange. Almost seven years passed, and the fund slowly collected interest, even though most of those who had left it had long since forgotten its existence. Two juniors took the initial step toward putting the money to its inttended use. On the Friday before Christmas vacation of 1937-38 at almost midnight, these juniors walked into the office of the editor of the Exponent. A plan had been brooding in their minds all year, fostei’ed by the plans of the “bopk mart” which had been operated at the University of Wisconsin. Later that morning the three men —Robert Buckles, E.E. '39, Clark Burton, Science, ’39, and Editor R. P. Manion, P.S.E. ’38, met with Ward Stallings, M.E. ’38, who was
the Activities Chairman of the Student Union. By the following Sunday they had drawn up a plan for the organization of the first Student Union Book Exchange. The Exchange was set up in the Memorial Union Ballroom. At this time the new wing had not yet been added, and there was only one ballroom—the present south ballroom. Equipment for the Exchange, such as tables, chah’s, book ends and carts, files and a cash register were borrowed from various University
offices.
The plans went along well, and the Exchange opened its doors for business on January 31, as planned. The first customer arrived at 10:30 that morning, two and one-half hours before the opening time, and deposited four books on the counter to be sold. The workers suggested prices, and permitted the customer to put the final price on his own book. Most of the books Were appraised at about 60 per cent of the original value, which was satisfactory with most fetudents. Pre.sent System The small stub bearing the price of book and clerk number which was torn out of a book when sold, was also filed according to number. The cashier was paid at a rate of 36 cents an hou'r, and an accurate record of all costs was maintained. There are two primary reasons for a marked decrease in the volume
of business done by the Exchange. In the first place, the civilian enrollment at the University has dropped considerably. The servicemen who are now attending classes are supplied all their books by the Army or Navy. These books are all purchased new, and therefore none of the trade is handled through the book exchange. If figures were obtainable, it would probably be found that the decrease in book turnover, is proportional to the decreased attendance. The main suggestions for improvement oifered by R. Paul Manion, first Secretary of the Exchange have been followed. His main suggestion was to charge no commission, and to obtain complete book lists from individual departmental heads rather than from the Univer-
sity.
Other, suggestions have been to require passports, raising the estimated value from 60 per cent to 75 per cent, date all slips and books whe^ books are received, keep a record of transactions in book form as well as in the files, and to turn all books which are not claimed over to authorities who will distribute them where they will be needed. After the last Exchange the books whicli were not returned were sent to men in the armed services in cooperation with a drive for technical books which was being held at the University during that
time.
Pamphlet Depicts Plight Of Cribbers In Detailed Story, Numerous Cartoons
Win Scholarship Gold Pepper-Pan Hellenic Scholarship Committee has announced the awarding of its scholarship grants to Beth Ludberg, who will receive one half of the joint grant, and to Jean Thompson and Phyllis Bate, between whom the remaining half will be divided. Senior women planning to do immediate graduate work and junior women finishing their course of study in the University were notified of the awards if their cumulative indices were 4.5 or better. Only those who made written application to the Office of the Dean of Women were given considera-
tion.
The applications were judged by the committee on the basis of scholarship, financial need, plan of study, and service to the Univer-
sity.
Mudball hey there clarence i guess the university is really anxious to use the music hall for it asked that all servicb men attend last nights convo thats a lot of space filler clarence —MUDBALL.
“You have the ball’ It’s up to you.” Those fighting words are not the last advice of a football coach to his team as the game begins, but the caption on the cover of the new pamphlet on student sportsmanship and honesty being issued this week. This caption is accompanied by a sketch of a football player in action. Sex Appeal This_ year’s pamphlet is larger, more attractive, and more interesting than last year’s edition. To put it in the words of the booklet’s editor, Bob Boswinkle, “It has sex appeal.” The principal reason for enlarging the booklet was the inclusion of two cartoons by Harold Gray, University graduate of 1917 and creator of the comic strip character “Little Orphan Annie.” These tv/o cartoons, occupying a double page are entitled “Cribbing is Easy—But,” and “As the Years Go By.” The first pictures the ease with which a cribber can get by with perfect grades during his University days, but the second makes clear the hard luck that overtakes him afterwards in business life because nobody trusts him. John T. McCutcheon, another University alumnus, has promised to do cartoons Jor next year's pamphlet. Other clever small cartoons illustrate the capital letters beginning
each new section. Bill Miller Pictured One of the other new and different features is a picture of the winner of the SDX Best Teacher Award, Professor Bill Miller. Another is an article listing the results of the questionnaire sent out last December by President Elliott to students and instructors concerning their attitudes toward proctoring in tests and examinations at the University. Samples of the constructive suggestions made in answer to the questionnaire are, “Self imposed proctoring is a student responsibility ... a convocation, “Purdue Honor” should be held at the beginning of the fall term and leading students should do most of the talking; at the first meeting of every class term, the instructor should indicate cleaily the basis of grading tests, reports, and laboratory exercises . . . .” Many of the suggestions contain the idea that student honesty and proctoring should be in the hands of the students themselves and voluntary rather than arbitrarily imposed by instructors. Also featured is a list of characteristics of a good proctor. Especially to be noticed is a picture of A1 Menke, 1942-43 basketball captain and winner of the All University medal for the best all around
student. A1 is an excellent example of good sportsmanship as a student as well as in athletics. Much credit for the attractive feature style of writing and interesting make-up of this year’s booklet must be given to its editor. Bob Boswinkle, who was assisted by the student and faculty “Committee op j Promotion of Honesty in Student Woik,” headed by Pi'of. O. G. Lloyd, head of the Agricultural Economics Department. / Distribution of the new Honesty Booklet to all students and staff members will begin today. Included in this distribution are the army, navy, maiine students, naval electricians and regular civilian students and staff members. ' Deans of each of the various schools, directors of divisions, and army and navy chiefs are cooperating in the apportionment of the pamphlets. In most cases the books will be distributed by instuictors in their classes, however a number of special meetings have been called in order that the piinciples behind the honesty booklet may be explained. Dean A. A. Potter will speak to the freshmen engineers Saturday moining, white Dean G. L. Jenkins will speak to the pharmacists sotna time today.Page 2
Purdiie Exponent
Thursday, September 2, 1943
\
Purdue Exponent Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Boainess Manai;er ISewa Editor ManaeiiiR Editor Sports Editors
Fills Miirphy Mary Diltfi William H Tyson Carolyn Wilbur Ray Smith Riss Lipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff
Associate Editors Jack Albctt Ruth Ford Katy Howes Mad clj n Gro nes Peg StelTes
Business Staff
Advertisine Manager C L Gnui t Assistant Ad "rtisn? Alan" r Betty Mariey Circulation Ma laiTr < bauerman
The Purdue Independent Editor in Chief _ —
Bert Sqniet
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor Ford Dav Editor Grotnes Issue Editor V argar City Editor Steffes Reporters Csrrett Gregoiv ei i cr Rebar Ison Asperger Habeas Wnj,ht Thomas
Entefed as second class matter at the post office In Lnfay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of Mi^rch 3 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for irt sectibh 1103 act of October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tuesday Thursday and Sat rday mornings dur mg the year except certa n vacat on per ods Delivered dailj by carrier for $1 25 for a semester by mail for $1 60 for a Semester Subscr ptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at tl e "West Desk of tl e Union Represented for r at onal advcrtis ng by National Advertls ing Service Inc College Publishers Representatives Madison ^Ave New York N Y
There Should Be Changes Made . . .
This afternoon YWCA is holding a tea in the Dean of Women’s offices in the Executive Building E\ ei V year YWCA, as well as AWS and WAA, welcome and acquaint incoming coeds in this fashion, with the exception that heietofoie all teas weie held in the Union This j eai the chan men of the fieshmen teas have had many a headache in making preparations The Union will no Monger serve and piepaie lood foi banquets oi teas due to a shoitage of woikers and kitchen space, not to mention government latiomng of food Univeisity students pay Union fees each semestei at legistration which entitles them to many Union piivileges, one of which has always been the use ot Union rooms lor teas and banquets When tea chairmen approached Union officials as to the possibilities of hold-
% 111^ their functions, they were flatly refused
The Union was unable to provide the food or
people to prepare the food
At this point some of the organizations weie eagei to bung m the food and serve it themselves To this the Union said “No In looking into the mattei more deeply, it was found that the Union has had the policy for years of never allowing food brought in as a piotective business measuie, however, with conditions as they are today, the Union should realize that this policy is out-of-date and should be changed dui mg a pel lod of war All organizations fully realize the handicaps forced upon Union and are trying not to ask the impossible, but to bring food into the Union and seive it themselves, hardly seems out
of the question
If the Union cannot change this worn-out policy foi the duration, we have another suggestion Oiganizations are willing to settle for umatio’" d if is for their functions and would be nioic ban willing to let the Union hire membeis of then organizations to do the work since the laboi shortage has been an-
other problem
This method would solve the matter as far as help IS concerned and would allow the Union to hold unto the custom ot “no food brought in” if it still remains necessary to do so The various oiganiz^ions should be congratulated for theii/dngenuity m providing social activity equalling any social occasions enjoyed by fieshmen in the past We want to especially mention YWCA This organization has scouted around gathering up all necessaiy dish ware, siheiwaie and food and today the freshmen are enjoying a tea, nai or no war, in Dean Coolidge’s offices YWCA, AWS and WAA deserve oichids To Union, we would like a further consideration ot the pioblem betoie these and other organizations —c j w
Sahuka, SiJupaA.
Sergt. Marfha M. Balch whobe daughtci Edna Balch attends the Uni \tihity has hetii piornotcd to Fust Seigeant ot WAG Poi t Htadijuaittis ( omiiany in Miami
Lf-. William L Ullom Univeibity giaddate tiorn the M L school 1 ist JXc( mhti has been commisbioncd as betond lieutenant at the lank JJestioyei Oflitei Sehool at ( imp Hood Icxab 1 he eouise eoveis weapons automotive vehitles, ladio and military administiation Thiiteen weekfa aie requaeil to coiAplete the eouise.
niie mmm MERftY" lldilll^ By DREW PEARSON Roosevelt Prepares To Wade Into New Political Inferno; Studies South American food Prodilctioii WASHINGTON—Piesident Roosevelt is about to tackle the most explosive piece of political dynamite in many years—encoui aging food cultivation m Latin America The problem is being placed upon his desk by war advisers, including Leo Growley of the new Office of Economic Waifaie They point to the tremendous diain on oui own food resources and the fact that we aie soon going to lace the job of feeding the world Only solution foi this, they say, is to call upon our Good Neighbois to inciease then own pioduetion of faim pioducts This IS bound to laise a tremendous stoim on Gapi tol Hill Farm bloc leaders are certain to point out that only a few years ago huge wheat surpluses in Argentina, the United States and Canada, caused a series of wheat conferences to try to curtail crops Following this, the United States did cm tail, but Argentina did not Palmers also remembei the long, bittei dispute over the impoitation of Argentine food pioducts Duiing the Hoovei administiation, Aigentina export ed to us a meie handful of about one jifnlhon bushels of com along the Atlantic Coast, wheie it was used chiefly as chicken and pigeon feed The ensuing howl fiom Ameiican tarmeis biought an mciease in the U S taiilf on com / Duiing tl^ Coohdge 'idministiatioii, Aigentina ex poited to us laige quantities of alfalfa seed In oidei to check it, Coohdge s Seeietaiy of Agiieultuie, Wil ham Jaidine luled that Aigentine altalfa seed must be colored oiange led, an indication to faimeis that it wiiitei kills Argentine Cow Kicked FDR Again there was FDR's famous crack about the Aigeiitme cow being bettei than the Ameiican cow a lemaik which was seiiously lesented in many quai teis and which huit him among faimeis Despite this certain political backfire, howevei, it looks as if militaiy necessity would send the Presi dent squaiely into the teeth ot politics with a food cultivation piogram in Latin Ameiica Argentina, not having broken with the Axis, is not a Good Neighbor, and will not be used Nor will wheat and corn, two staples of which the United States has a normal surplus, be encouraged However, other important crops will be pushed in Biazil, Mexico, Ecuadoi, Peru and Chile These Cl ops include soy beans, peas diiedeggs iice and daily pioducts The gieatest need is foods iich in pioteins Behind this levolutionaiy step against the Piesi dents own best political mteiests aie some conhden tial figuies on toieign food demands which aie any thing but encoui aging These show that next yeai the USA will have to send 10 to 16 pei cent of its food supplies to othei United Nations Allies Need Meat* We will have to mciease shipments of meat to on allies by six oi seven times next yen Noimally we import cheese tiom Europe But next year we will have to send over 450 000,000 pounds oi cheese to Allied armies and civilians We have also been requested to expoit 20 times as much condensed and evaporated milk as before the war, plus a billion pounds ot lard, compared to an aveiage annual shipment ot 165 000,000 pounds To supply both ouiselves and allies we must pioduce at least 700,000,000 additional pounds of cheese next year, as well as 300 000 000 extia pounds of diy beans and peas, plus about 500 million pounds of edible oils That is why the Office of Economic Waif me is en listing Sam Zemuiiay, of the United Eiuit Go to advise on making contiacts with Latin Ameiican farmers for deficit foods The OLW will supply tech meal advice farm machinery, fertilizer, insecticides, etc A separate iarm program will be undertaken iir North Africa to supply food to our troops there Political advisers figure that the President will run into the biggest legislative storm on Gaprtol Hill since his Supieme Gouit fight But despite this he pirns to go ahead ISenator Lee's Wrong Word In case you don t know the difference between a horse and a men s wash i ooni, ask Josh Lee ex Sen i tor trom Oklahoma who learned the hard wry on his recent trip to Latin America Lee inspecting Gliilean airlines tor the Givil Aeronautics Board, tactfully asked his hosts tor the men’s r^om The Chileans immediately went into a huddle After much discussion they put him m an automobile, drove to some stables on the outskirts ot the city Ihere Lee was shown the finest lace horses ot that country—jumpers which competed in Madison Squaie Gaiden But this was not what the distinguished visitor trom Oklahoma desired He became insistent, finally learned that instead ot saying Caballeros (gentle men) he said ‘caballos (horses) Canada Gets Gas Hard working Senator Styles Bridges of New Hampshiie has been emphasizing to Washington offi cials the unlaiiness of gas rationing for New England while large quantities oi oil and gasoline pass through New England to Canada We aie only too glad to accept gas and oil rationing if it IS necessary,” Scnatoi Bridges has told the OPA and the Pctioleum Admiiiisti alien foi Wai "But every day we sec tankeis steam into Poitland, Manic, carrying oil lor Canada which is piped across New rnglaiul Moicovci, we don t begiudge oil and gas to Canada provided then allotment is no gieatei than ours But it IS Canadians aie getting moie gasoline than we are ” complained Bridges “And they aie getting it in tankcis despite the fact that wc ue told tankers, can not be used to c ary oil and gas to New England ” Senatoi Budges howevei, has run into a stone wall oi silence OPA and Pctioleum Adminl>?ti ation spokes iiifn icply th it the amount ot oil Canada gets is estab lishcd by liighei officials than themselves—piesumably Ihe White House (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc )
ifo
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbett
Strange as it may seem, it is highly probable that the kicking out of Sumner Welles and his pro-Russian diplomat friends is an attempt to rid the State Department of men who believe that Russia in the long run is going to be the country to dfeemb the peace terms with Germany England, through Wih^toil Churchill, has made it plain that if Russia warits an active hiatid m Euroflean affairs, she can — —^ have lt,i England has also tack accordingly When the actuhl shown that she Will not oppose attack comes, there will bp no Russia’s taking over all the stopping it, for iittie will be idft df
Baltic countries and parts of Poland and ROumanl ^he WBAA Schedule
“I ain’t interested m being treated as an equal I worked, I was boss ”
the last place
University Statistics Reveal Exciting Drama
By Bob Bostvinkle
Thiilling Detective Stories, Superman comic books. Bedside Esquiie, and Peek magazine take up the average student’s spaie leading moments—'but not ours Just give us one of Umveisity Conti oiler R B Stewart’s Financial Reports of the Unn ersity and you can burn all other publications for all we caie Whether Mi Stewart knows it or not, he packs more
mysteiy, more humor and soirow, and more fascination into each line of his Financial Re-
united States, on the other hand, has constantly refused to take a clear view of the picture This has led to the present misunderstanding in the State Department The United States has always held to the idealistic view that Europe will go back into practically the same shape as before the war, Russia is
not even considered
—XX—
Russia may not be accepting the constant bombing raids on Germany as a second front, but she can hardly fad to admit that the effect of the giant bomljings on Germany’s largest cities is telling on the morale of the Nazi people Gei many has never m her whole his tory been subjected to such destine tion as she is now getting, for the only previous time that she has been under attack, her armies were so weak that they put up little de fense against the French legions This time it IS different, and Germany’s people do not know how to
WBAA schedule for today— 12 00—Farm Forum 12 30—Meet The Band 4:2 55—News 1 00—Parents’ Forum 1 15—Music 1 30—Science Review 1 45—Markets 1 56—News 2 00—Story A Day 2 16—The Apothecary (Pharmacy) 2 30—Treasure Chest 2 56—News 3 00—Symphony Hall 3 46—News 4 00—Oft the All
Man’s Friends
Can’t you just picture the man’s foot being stepped on by a clumsy
poits than did the literary hoise a year oi two ago—maybe giants Homer, Shakespeare squashing the big toe a little’ Un and Maik Twain, into then doubtedly it happened and the man
mastei pieces
Mr Stewart lists m long columns the eainings rnd spendings
vowed to make all hoises pay for the Clime of the clumsy one Eveiy day between July 1, 1941 and June 30 1942 the man went to the Spe
of the two thousand pipe fitters, cial Hog Barn and filled all the wa
doctois electricians, glass cutteis
professors, floor sweepers account perhaps at feet innately ants waitresses, executives, and splashing a little water on his fa painters that work for the seven voiite sow The man likes hogs No
thousand students at the University
dining oidmaiy times Mr Stewart i^ctantly he leaves the special hog doesnt say Reader heie is thy and tiudges toward the horse drama”' Mi Stewart is a dignified ^ain The hoises are stknding in contiollci—a dealer in numbers, then stalls panting then parched and his Financial Report is mostly gongues are hanging limply out of page after page of numbers The then mouths The man sneers at the student birds the drama when he suffering hoises and skips merrily staits to investigate and interpret them splashing the water the numbeis around nr the bucket he is carrying Monejed Water just to make the hoises sadder A For example turning to page 193 down on the end has fallen in Ml Stewart s latest Financial exhausted because he has not Repoit one will find that the hoises dunk of water for nine days m the horse barn drank f7 87 worth man sprinkles a little water on of w iter between July 1 1941 and drooping tongue ot June 30 1942—an insignificant item fallen hoise just enough that when consideied alone But fiom horse cm get up on its feet the line above this one learns that more soiiowful The the hogs in the special hog (rain getting his revenge This ex dianl $100 60 worth of water dm pDnis why the hogs drank $100 60 mg the same peiiod Now it might y^o^^h of water last year while the
be that the man that waters the hogs and the hoises is an honest, conscientious person and gives the hogs ill the witei they want to drink and the hoises all the water they want to dunk but more likely
he s a blackgu ud
Cowden Takes New Position Prof H J Reed, Dean of Agri-
take it The proper reply is “so culture of the University announced much the bettei, she will learn what today the lesignation of Dr tvar IS really hire and want no part Thomas W Gowden, an agricultural in it for a long time to come” economist of the University, who —X X— has accepted a position as pimcipal Whatever the actual intentions of economist and director of research the allies in the invasion of Europe, American Farm Bureau they aie gradually building up then Di Gowden received his B S and attack on Italy to such a crescendo M S degiees fiom Ohio University that failuie to attack will leave the and his doctorate from Goinell UniItalians exhausted, but much bettei versify He came to the University able to last thiough the actual pre department of agricultural econominvasion borphardment With ics m 1937, where he has taught Artier lean bombers and Biitish war- classes m agricultural economies ships constantly blasting the Ital and conducted research in many lan mainland and meeting little or agiicultuial marketing pioblemg, no lesrstance the fjme seems right particularly those dealing with milk for an invasion Eisenho\vei, un transportation
doubtedly, realizes the actual state
of affairs, and is planning his at Try An Exponent Cl{(ssified'
Sirtathing adion And a Idvll batti* • to • lK« • flnilih with, the heroes who built Richard ARIEN Jean DARKER Ralph Sittford • Bill Henry • Joe Sawyer • Eddie Quillan TODAY and TOMORROW
HELD OVER!
IT'S LOVE DEANNA WITH THE MAN Who makes her DANGEROUS,
ffeftf toffoU\ ' CBUIES 5'KS . r.is’isss® I NOW THRU SAT. liriung
horses drank $7 87 worth
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps Ainui TODAY-FRF.-SAT.
MARS
“—
THE
PROUDLY Announces The RESERVED-SEAT PREMIERE SEPTEMBER 8TH BENEHT ARMY EMERGENCY
RELIEF
wAHHiR mm: Proudest Production of All
AlorrifiD \ Roy ROGERS Smiley BURNETTE Virginia GREY
m ^ JR V
F i 1
PLUS ■
^*Mir the AMKl't
* * * ★ ★ ir PRICES I OK PREMIERE " , Oroii^stra JO 3 30
•ft Eoges S4 40 4r
Bnlcuiiy „ Si lo . itix Iiiiludeil
•ft MAir ORDERS tkr
NOW I
Ar lA- ♦ ★ ★ ★ At
NO»® — SFEOIAL stage PKELUOE BY MEN OF ABMY, PBEMIEBE SHOWING ONLY
Theieafter Continuous
at Om Usual
Popular Prices Sponsored liy First NIghters Coinmittee Arm^i ICmprgenty Kplief Under the Auspices American LCjJion Lafayette Post No 11Army^ P^vy, Marine News
thursddy, September 2^ 19^
J^af S^mce^lKedl By Service M^n ?! tjt .ni> hi>., . iLl I n . Ill lit.
muis
Page^
I • ' v'p' T"- nw -w - “ '^e» *^1 -"j *''<« ma *<rr v-* -^ep Army Continues Training
j4iin$iEfii to Consult
P4^i
Men in t^e’ArfnJ^ Specialized draining Program at the UniVferSity - will continue their felSni*S'e bf 'training under a sixtfe'fen "^bek term schedule ac-
*W**W ■sp' ^ =v»5 ^1 ■* *5^ ^ ♦* “'V'f Tf’' "ft*' •■ • _ . . - . Gl Justke Reigns Supreme Petrified PuichrUude...
In Sessions Of krvite Men'$ Courts So/d/efS# Sailors, Marines To Select
Mosf Beautiful Girl In Contest
Exchange 5- V V ■} d' 4; A » From Other ASTP Units:
£feo Friedman
If you happen to stumble into the Cary Hall South basbmeilt lounges some Tuesday or Thursday during the witching hour —ib^lfwebn'^cho'Ws and 7 iSO-^ahd you find a thick knot of soldibife', Sailors and'marinbS all intertwined about one cornef, don’t let it bother you. Dollars to doughnuts, it merely means that justice has again pitched her august tent there
By Cpl. Jack Mdrtire
The service men's beauty be announced later as will any They say that the marines contest, sponsored by ypur IEx- additional regulations. really have a way with the ponent, is getting under way. Enter Photographs women. This is the chance to Competition is the keynote of The thing to do now is to en- Prove just which service can the OonteSt and it will decide ter your prize photograph. It produce the greatest assortwhich service man, soldier, sai- will preferably be at least 5x7 inent of pulchritude. The army lor or marine has the most inches and be sure to write has its Air Force glamor to atbeautiful, prettiest or just yoUr name, ^address and branch tract the young ladies. Let’s attrictive wife, sweet- of service on the back of each s®® what the navy can do, heart or “good friend”. Any- picture so that it may be re- Explanation one who thinks his girl likely turned. Entries may be taken So that all the men will uft-
Cornellmadea,surv€iyof itsper- for the evening.'In other words ity,
sonnel psycWlogy men and found another- soldiers’ COUrt is in ^ culious co-incidence, the
cording ( to an announcement they had been engaged in over 3() session. consisted of T5 Fried, Tech, made by the headquarters of different tyiies of trades befote ^ Koetting and Sgt. Anderson, the j Fifth Service Command they receivfed their greetihgs—and The whole soldiers court However, this was compensated for ^ that doesn’t count the SO'Studepta. idea has caught on like the some degree by the fact that the j ^ ^ ' Among others riejae&ented* wbre pirdverbial Wildfire, and 'barely a ®^tire group was permitted to vote *Col. W. G. Johnston, head- jewellers, musicians and one each man—in B Battery, at least—cart ^^th veto power on fh® -jury’s ouartprs Fifth Service Com- masseurs, chiropodists, textile now goof off without the certainty recommendation.
blind «rili Vi«it the ramTinq to converter, claims agents and pay- that his peers will lace into him for There was no similar compensa- to Win the contest should en- to the Exponerit office m the derstand what IS meant by a mana, wm visir rne odii pus tu- ^ maledictors are finding however, for a third co-inci- ter her picture as soon as pos- basement of the Union. “beauty contest”, here is a to ^ Michigan has set up/an “Acquain- themselves paying off all the eerie .T^re were exactly thiee The interesting thing to all short explanation. The synPrbsident E. C. Elliott and Col. tance Bureau” to :(eglster local and Jabulous Ways a fiock of ingen- complaints, filed by, you jessed it, contestants is what is e-ninff tn onvms for beaiitv are manv* D. M. Beere on administrative blonde, brunette ai^ redhead co-eds ious Gis of hi^h, intellect can devise Koetting, Anderson and Fried. Pfelirtiihary Lftoice _ contestants IS What IS going to onyms tor beauty are many, concerning the who are “anxious fo make the ser- to mak^ the punishment fit the then who is to begrudge the A preliminary choice Will be happen to the Winner, or should among them are loveliness, viceman’s stay in Ann Arbor a ?rime, that the boys were trying to made of thirty photographs, it be said “for the winner”, pulchritude, attractiveness, pleasant one.” ... m, i make sure their debut would be un- ten from each of the three That has not as yet been de- charm, fairness, good looks and
Yale trainees are nuffin^ out ® probably originated marred by an empty dock ? > f ' , trainees are putting out feeling ob- pirst Victim This order will affect some their chests as they try out their nervations big, bluff soldiers were The fiSt t
9^6 men enrolled in ASTP at °'tn mese, u^ese, Ma- ^^eh numbers in jjj^^ Sublett, was found guilty'of ^^^e Union Building and Ca!ry ners will be printed in thelEx- will of necessity fall into one ^h'e University. According to j^p^” g^e, orf^^L^^unsn^ecting honeymoon days having left a cigarette stub in Sgt. Hall SO that the Various sol- ponent. The one overall win- of these classifications. From tbe knnouncement, the extra townspeople... at Pqrdue--befqre classes started, Koetting’s ashtray one Worning diers, sailors and marines will ner will get a prize which will these comparable nouns it is inonth will be used in the case a stude at the University of were on^tap^every^ evening,^when was nomirtally all {-g yg^-g fgj. their be announced later. The power easy to understand why such o| some student^ for review Florida weighs in with a lugubrious hearts were young and’ gay— tmn tLi^Koetog had provoked^the From this vOting, two of the Exponent is behind this contests are run. Who has the ^fid refresher courses. In the complaint, ‘ How s for girls ? This is ^he pious observations—“The first gesture with malice aforethought Pictures will be chosen for each contest but we would appreci- “most” of these various comfckse of men with lower grades, CoTps^en and^Trahfees ” met with-^,deversion by Koett- of the representative services, ate suggestions from any men ponents of beauty. That is all
particulars
a'|:rktching of the present term.
Td Affect 925 Men
branches of the Service, and cided, but this much is known: gorgeous. That seems to cover
servations big, bluff soldiers were The first public enemy tried, Sgt. ^^^^e prints will be posted in the pictures of the three win- enough ground and your girl
Opportunities to redeem failing suggestion—how speedily con- The voting forms will be print- who have them to offer. What that any competition can find
demned—to clean all the ashtrays ed in the'Exponent. do you think would make a out. ■ ’ \ voluntary ing!’'" The six photographs select- ^od prise for your girl? Contest means opposition
organizations were set up, these This he did, under the eagle eye presented to a board Would you like to have her ex- and thus the result is various sentiments were somewhat diluted of Anderson, who also was the man experts who will announce penses paid to visit you ? Would aspects of beauty in conflict with a healthy yen for recreation who hollered “oyez” to start the three final winners. In addi- you like a set of dishes SO that with one another to see which
and a growing awareness of all the proceedings.
beautiful potentialities of the Sgt. James Keenan, found guilty
WnVtillTh'e nPYl- i^iiP pamP out scheme. But its still a fine way for of walking around the campus
& M. University are included j^ate letter ^to the editor Purdue’s enlisted men to keep with a shirt button lacking, was
" - from the same co-ed, announcing themselves in line on all the range sentenced to sew on both his own — ~ ~
that she had made no such state- of minor mis-steps that harrow the button and any other button any WSY WC Feel
ment, and wanted the mistake cor- group’s conscience, yet lie just this member of the section could bring /
J^lCadcs will be given. about a contingent of WAVES or
The extension does not ap- _ , i „ , , , 1 . 1 ,, Wisconsin, again. It seems one
'ply to all schools at which the
ASTP is being.conducted. Only campus weekly as saying that men certain designated large of i^he ASTP seemed to be of highkchools among which are Illi- or Uiental caliber than the average noiS University and Texas A. everybody was
tion, the best of the three will you can set up housekeeping— is most appreciated by experts, be chosen as the Final Winner, or just what reward seems We shall see who gets there The selection of the board will most suitable ? with the most.
ip the new ruling.
The order comes during thfe ffiiddle of the second semester of army training conducted at
rected.
side of AEs.
to him within 16 minutes after he
This is the way, we sometimes feel. When we find ourselves alone,
The ^ Forum
By Pfc. Gabriel Elias
By way of giving local ASTs a First to be organized and first to g®* back to his room,
the University. The sixteen proper send-off into local society, run a session was the court of sec- The third victim fared better. A.c- It’s not dreamed up, its very real,
Wpplrtprm wnnlfl nnnpmnrpmit the Daily, Oklahoma U. paper, is tions B 1 and 2, which assembled ‘=used of having engaged in a bois- We miss our former homes. Editor’s Note: The Forum is the service WeCK term WOUICl once more put ^ . onn terous mllow fie-ht on nr ohniit flip ® personal column. Should he agree,
running a thumbnail biog of each last week for the first time, ,to SRO. . , , ^ ® about the j disagree or not care, we woud like to know. « o4- 4-V^« c.nxrckvi o Thrpp Tllght of AugUSt 14, ho Tnerelv stood ” ® Tniss the good times we used to Those Wishin&r to talk about something difone, at the rate of six or si^ven a inreeauages j au ^ ferent fwithin rpjiRnn^
ganize for production instead of wasting its energies in destroying
its competitors.
all students except naval electricians and engineering cadettes on the same semester
bahis.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
day. , These sections .had modelled their “d exuding outraged innocence Maybe this would be a good idJa court in some foreign fashion and a ^ o t e audience sup-
for one of those Ai’my-Navy Happy body of three judges were on hand ^ Hours. ASTP and the Naval Avia- —Sgt. Robert H. Anderson, who
the 14th was a Sat-
and he was immediately
tion and Service schools at Auburn presided; Tech. Sgt. Jerry Koetting, thanks, apparently, to a have gathered up their respective and Stanley Fried, a T6, but also a ictment 'by none other
quiz kids foP a question bee, to be whilom Philadelphia lawyer, who , a feature on a Saturday get-to- had apparently been chosen to give gether. the whole business an air of legal
THE SCENE CHANGES
SPREADING i THE NEWS 1 * TOOK MONTHS
UNTIL THE EXPONENT WAS BORN
NOW you CAN GET " - 1 t-. ^ i 7 1 V , I .
O-THE-MINUTE F tHE CAMPUS
NEWS
CALL 4QP5 and ASK FOR nrxjx? JL 1^1^ PURDUE EXPONENT
have.
And the things we used to do. But hear this thought wherever you
go, -
We’ll never quit, till our job is
through.
Philadelphia may at times seem discontent
We beef and gripe, that’s true. But we look f01 ward to the time, When we’ll start our life anew.
ferent (within reason) that’s bothering them, should write to the Forum, c/o the Exponent, Union Building. We’Ii hash it
out in this column.
The second reason was well demonstrated in the Michael Golden shops in Purdue recently. After impressing a class with the ability of present machines to do the work of a thousand men, the instructor said, “And we are improving the machines daily.” Really worried, a student asked, “What happens to
We’ll gladly give our life as pay,
Let's,Pe Riealfsts
My room ma^te calls me a dream- the workers who are displaced by er. I take college theories to heart, the machinery?” A similar question he complains. was posed in a class on time and Yesterday I learned that he, in ^lotion study after' the lecturer had fact, resents having the truth burst that modern efficiency exbubble dreams which he refuses to when working in large plants, ^ relinquish. We were waiting for a correlate the activities of the
To assure our children of peaceful store-keeper to fix a lock. After two several departments as to produce (Jays. hours of fiddling around the work than fewer workers of less
Yes, we may fall but we’ll never done and the store-keeper skill.
give in, charged $1.50 for time, materials To this painful question, “What You can rest assured, this war we’ll upkeep of large store. With a to do with the workers who have win. sentimental dreamy gleam in his been displaced, and the small busi-
eyes my room mate said, “Now, ness men who have been pushed out
And when the very last gun is fired, theie’s the kind of man that made of business by the greater effl Pnrdue No doubt we’ll be discouiaged and Ameiica what it is today. I am ciency of large scale industiy,”
pioud of that man. there have been many painful anI too admired the man’s plucky swers.—Painful because the ansti’uggle for existence, but I do not swers have been supplied by solike to kid myself. It is silly to harp called realists who cannot see been the virtues of small business yond their immediate selfish noses,
men such as this store-keeper, for
Anything for laughs.
And section B 1 is all buttoned up this week, and you should see those ashtrays—and as for pillow fights —come around some Saturday, Navybaseball Team Has Heavy Schedule
Thd recently * organized
Naval Training School baseball tired,
nine, which gained an even break in But through God’s help, the war is
its opening games last weekend, won,
will play four moie games locally We’re going home, our job is done, within the next ten days, according Paul Astrello, P 3/C. to announcement today from the of-
fice of Commander H. J. Bartley. '
The Sailois, under the direction of him, gave the Sailors a 6 to 5 vicof Chief Specialist Jack Russell, toiy over Fairfield in the opening
era.
, , ., 1 The small man is dead. He has
will play a double header at Colum- game last Saturday. Senak limited bian Paik on Saturday, meetipg the the Fairfield nine to six hits. Navy Flyeis in the afternoon and Sunday, however, the All-Stars an all-star team selected from the tripped up the Bluejackets, 8-3.
City Amateur League in a night
Notice
, , V , „ , , J The racist yells, “Fire Negroes, he IS only a shadow of a long dead t j 4.1: » m,
Jews and Catholics.” The super-pa-
game. On Sunday, the schedule will be continued against SchuimanLange on Ross Field, while the following Satuiday, Sept, li, the Boilermaker Bluejackets will take on
the Fail field nine here.
Schretzman’s home run in the ninth inning, scoring a mate ahead
All men interested in cross country or fall track are invited to attend a meeting, at 4:30 p. m. Monday, September 6, in Room 105 of the Fieldhouse. —HERMON PHILLIPS Head Track Coach
AMERICAN HEROES BY LEFF
triot screams, “Keep out the foreigners”. Some have even proposed
_ eliminating the unemployed by
ciency of big business. Mass pro- sterilizing those currently without duction, not the small man flounder- How stupid! Take away the ing around two hours to earn $1.50, 12,000,000 to 16,000,000 unemployed has made us the greatest industrial jn the height of the depression,— nation of the world. All countries kiji them all, if you will,—and exhave their small men, but only the elude all foreigners. What happiogressive ones enjoy the effi- pens? This vast consuming public ciency of large-scale production. jg jogt and industiy loses these cusIn all progressive countries mo- tomers and their dependents. That nopolies have cornered economic means that the remaining employed life. At one time the people feared people again produce more than the only rare monopolies like those in existing people can consume, and the railroad, steel and textile Indus- the employer must begin firing tiies. Theie was the hope that, by again. Kill the new unemployed and
tiust-bustmg in Theodoie Roose- stait the vicious cycle again,
velt style, the tide of economic
loyalism could be cheejeed. But with every new industry theie has arisen a new, impioved trust, such as the
monopolies in the screen, radio, ^ ^ , ,
chemical, optical, aviation and other
Another stupid solution argues, “Cut wages, eliminate unions because they tend to increase wages, and laise working hours. This will
it possible for the people to buy more.” How erroneous! Take money away from people at its source and they will be able to buy more. As a
of historical fact, when
wages are cut, prices aie not de-
by chain laundiies, and dry-clean- pcopoU-jo^ate amount; ing plants, the ever-expanding A & p.^pogai would P chains, the Thom McAnn Shoe to make it more difficult, rather
stores, the Kresge and Woolworth chase as solution will be made clear.
recent fields.
In the old industries too, trustiffcation daily supplants the most es-
tablished small man. Even the ser- flatter
vice industries have been invaded
stoies, the Whelan and Liggetts diug-stores and the chain optometiic studios. Even the faimeis have felt the axe of monopolistic controls
The solution lies, not in curtailing the. efficiency, of large industry but
especially when the Metiopolitan jn lestoiing to the people the con-
trol oveU management and profits usiuped by nou-pioducing finan-
For extraordinary courage Boatswain’s Mate Harold F. Smith, Urst Class, has been awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. After orders to abandon the U.S.S. Arizona at Pearl Harbor, he took his motor launtli out to the stiicken battle wagon repeatedly—in spite of fierce enemy bombing and strafing—in spite of flaming oil on the water s surface—and brought ashore burned and wounded personnel, savmg many lives. Your Payroll Suvings MUST back such taieh as this.
Life Insurance Company foreclosed hundieds of small farms, tore down the petty fences that made them
economically insufficient, and ope- interests
rated them as huge modem units. The continual concentiatioii of business into even larger units cannot be stopped for two inescapable reasons: (1) Big business is more efficient because it- can plan and or-
Buy War Bonds
And Stampsly, " ■
\} ■■'■' ' *■'' 'f¥V« ' ” '"'' ’'* ’* ', ’f ’''i'’ '' '’'■' "''y ’* " ■' “'' ft¥'
V ’ ,fitufsddy, SeptemSer 2, 1943
ffif ^%l . AJ ?■
#S' m-yi fei/
(Boilermalter Sports
' j !t'
Boilermaker Gridders Hold Initial Scrimmage
Passing Attack Gives White Team 3 Tallies After spending the first two practice sessions of this week in conditioning workouts, the Boilermaker football squad was given its first dose of scrimmage of the regular 1943 season yesterday afternoon by Coach Elmer Burnham. This was not the first contact work for the squad this season for the last week of the four-week summer practice was devoted to scrim- Peppery little Pinky Newill was mage. sent to the pivot position by Coach In order to get the team back Burnham. Flanking Newill in the into the feel of things after its were Alex Agase and twoweeklay-oir,Burnhamhad the squad divided for the first ses- Aerial Attack Effective sions into groups that worked under While the Bed team was able to the various coaches. Cecil Isbell had cope with the running plays of the the backs in a passing and kicking offensive team quite efficiently durdrills while Burnham had several ing yesterday’s sessioh, the aerial teams running through signal attack of the White team proved to drills. Claude Resck and Sammy be very effective as three touchVoinoff had the linemen working on downs were realized by passes, blocking drills. On the receiving end of the three Vacanti At Quarterback scoring passes was Joe Buscemi, Sam Vacanti was in the quarter- who was probably the most outback slot of the offensive team that standing pei’former during yesterstarted the scrimmage session yes- day’s drills. Sam Vancanti, was terday, while Tony Butkovich very accurate with his tosses, played the fullback role. In the half- throwing two of the touchdown back positions were Ed Cycenas and passes while the third was thrown Stan Dubicki. The speedy pass re- by Blaine Hibler, who replaced Vaceiver Joe Buscemi, and Bill Lodge canti at quarterback near the end were the starting ends. of the session. Exponent History
Grandstand Echoes I Beers Announces Plans
I By Russ Lipes | BIG TEN FOOTBALL With slightly more than a week remaining before the opening game of the 1943 Big Ten gridiron season, predictions as to the strength and potentialities of the various Conference squads are uncertain and quite varied. Since nearly all of the teams are operating with more or less of a “lendlease” outfit, it is very difficult to predict just how these transplanted players will work together. Fellows who faced each other over the scrimmage line in bitter contests last season are now playing on the same squads. Headline players from other conferences are also on these squads and it is quite a jumbled mess for coaches to form a starting line-up or nucleus around which to build a team, particularly if there are influx of outstanding candidates. Judging from the summer practice sessions, Michigan and Northwestern appear as the best championship prospects, with the Wolverines getting a slight edge because of the quantity of “stars” donated to them by both the navy and the marines. * The Boilermakers have a healthy supply of prospects from the armed services, but experience and speed are lacking on the final squad make-up. However they have a good chance for third place, particularly since the remaining teams are all reportedly weak in material. Wisconsin and Minnesota have lost all of their key men to other schools (Northwestern and Michigan to be exact). Ohio State, Iowa and Illinois are struggling along with small squads composed for the most part of 17-year-olds. We have been very much interested as to the outlook for the Indiana squad, but to date we have heard nothing to indicate that they are even going to have a team—too bad. Evidently “Bo” McMillian has something up his sleeve and is keeping it a big dark secret or else he doesn’t have a thing and would just as soon keep quiet about the whole affair. It was recently announced that Eddie McGovern, the nation’s leading scorer last season, had transferred to the Crimson school; but last week it was announced that he had quit “Bo’s” team. Rumor has it that he has gone to Illinois! Indiana does have one ace up th^ir sleeve, if the army ever permits their men to engage in varsity competition. It happens that Paul Sarringhaus and Gene Kekete, Ohio State’s backfield heroes, and Lou Saban and Billy Hillenbrand, from Indiana’s squad, are all stationed at Indiana in the Army. What a backfield combination that would make!
Bagworms Play 'Strip Polka'
For Boxing Tournament On Campus Trees
H. I. Stanback was chosen as editor the following year and he affected few changes except a return to a little bolder and darker heads. His most outstanding change was the placing of banner heads across the middle and lower half of the paper for large features. Column lines were also dropped. In 1939 the Exponent decided to remain in the high rut of achievement that it had developed in the last three years. Pictures helped out somewhat and the increasing use of two column, ten point type on the front page gave a certain amount of change. The paper also added hapha'zard reports on the fighting in Europe. R. W. Donahue was appointed editor in 1940 and under his direction the paper remained on a stable course, but the make-up and the stories were lively. The Exponent acquired the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service reports, and the war was given a good play. The size of the paper was reduced a little, from seven to six columns in width and a little in length. Pictures continued to play a large part in the paper’s make-up, and there was an increase in the use of two column, ten point type in the paper. Big things happened in the way of news in the school year beginning in September 1941. Ned Ochiltree was at the helm of the Exponent to direct a strong attack against Mai Elward, the athletic director and football coach. This attack against Elward finally forced him to resign. A mysterious fire in the Armory also made big news. Ochiltree and his staff witnessed the beginningvbf the United States’ participation in the present world conflict with a large editorial on the paper’s future policy on December 11. The paper’s make-up under Ochiltree was just average and the type for the heads was on the whole liberally mixed. The Exponent also became a “big” paper by getting its own press. The editorial office of the Exponent was moved into its present quarters in the sub-base-ment of the Union Building in the summer of 1941, but it wasn’t until some time later that the business staff moved from its office in Lafayette to the Union. John Amos was elected lor the war year of 1942; little can be said about his attempts for the paper’s improvement execpt that the Exponent ran at full tilt during the first summer of the accelerated program. The policy ol the paper was all the news about students and as little news as possible about nonstudent activities and interests. An atn^ospheie of apprehension hung over the Exponent office when Bill Hoskins took over the editor’s task- on January, 1943. It was felt by all the male students they were living on borrowed time, and such was the case. When the middle of the first term of 1943 was reached, Hoskins was called to his country’s seivice in the Army Air Corps. At the time of Hoskins’ call to duty. Dale Butz was appointed editor. He was the former managing editor. Butz knew he had little time to ■ serve as editor but he made the best of the time he had. Butz was placed on active duty by the Enlisted Re-
serve Corps and allowed to finish his education at the University, but he had to give up the editorship to Bob Boswinkle, the former news editor. Boswinkle was made editor for the summer term of 1943; and he, with practically a new junior staff, started to keep the Exponent going with a war time decrease to three issues a week. The tripartite editorship brought about a number of changes, a few of which were the addition of human interest stories and a greater number of push ups alongside the Purdue Exponent banner. A drastic indirect change was the addition of a woman typesetter on the Exponent night shift. The future of the Exponent looks none too bright but it is with the greatest hope that the staff continues to put out a paper. YWCA Holds Informal Tea Sponsored every year by YWCA, the traditional saddle shoe tea will be given in the Dean of Women’s offices today at 4 p. m. All freshmen, tran-sfers and their counselors are urged to attend, since this is an excellent opportunity to meet other new students. Campus Musicians Hold Tryouts Tonight Campus music organizations including the Glee Club, Choir, and Orchestra will hold a call out under the direction of A1 Stewart tonight at 7:30 in the Music Hall. Information about try-outs will be given out at that time. All students inteiested in music are urged
to attend.
The various musical groups have bi ought the University nation wide fame with their many performances both on and off campus. They frequently provide entertainment at convos and numerous other campus
gatheiings.
University Holds Poultry Conference The seventh annual poultry flock selection and pulloium testing agent’s school came to a close yesteiday after a three-day progiam ot lectuies and practical laboratory exeicises at the University. The school, sponsoied under the joint auspices of the State Poultry Association of Indiana and the University poultiy department, was attended by 102 pel sons lepresenting neaily eveiy section of Indiana.
FORMER ATHLETICS BACK
Present at yestei day’s football practice were Lou Brock and Jake Weber, former Riveter athletic stars. Lou was a member of the famous Brown-Bylene backfield combination that ran wild back in 1937-’38 and ’39. Jake was particularly outstanding in basketball and shot putting, and
also played on the football squad.
Lou informed us that he was on his way to Pittsburg to join the Green Bay Packer professional team in their practice for the winter season. Lou IS starting his fourth season as fullback on the squad, and he had dropped around to have a chat with his former teammate both college and the pro, Cec Isbell. He explained that he had been working on his ranch out in Kansas duiing the summer, and had worked so hard that he was 15 pounds under his playing weight, weighing a mere 180 pounds, the lightest he has been since his freshman year in college. Lou has been married for a little over two years and he has a young son one year old. Jake Weber is holding down scveial jobs at the Columbus, Ind. High School. He IS assistant basketball and football coach and he is head track coach. In addition he teaches trade and industiial arts, Jake will always be remembered as a net star for his pivot woik under the basket. He was so darned big, over 6-feet-6 inches, that his teammates merely had to feed him the ball and he would shove it in the basket. Also seen aiound the campus yesterday was Bob Livinghouse, foinier Riveter tiack man. Bob has just received his commission as an ensign in the navy and is soon to be sent to Radar school.
Notices
Fencers: Anyone interested in fencing please meet on th^ thud floor of the Fieldhouse in the fencing room at 4 p m Fiiday, Sept. S. < —BRYANT
Service Men: There will be a meeting for all service men who are working on the Engineer Staff: Meeting tonight at 4 p m. Exponent or who would like to work in the All members please be present Exponent office this afternoon at 6:30. —FISCHER —RICHARDSON Christian Science Organization: There Student Senate: Tne regular meeting of will be an opening meeting Monday, Sep- Senate will be as scheduled, Monday, tembei 6, at 7 *30 p m in room 303 of the Sept 6, at 8 p. m. in the Senate office. Union. All freshmen and new students who —THOMAS are interested are cordially invited —WATTS
Jim Beers, Boilermaker boxing coach, has announced an All-campus Intramural boxing tournament to be held the first part of October. Boxing always has been slighted on this campus, but this tournament is expected to bring it to the front as one of the leading intramural sports. Elimination bouts for the tournament are scheduled to get under way the first of October. Exact dates for these bouts will be announced in the Exponent at a nUU^Ull later date. (Continued from page 1) Rules for the tournament nating in 1942 with his total synare as follows: 1. Any student, thesis of the sugar, navy, marine, or army man is eli- During the next few years, Dr. gible, but must train two weeks be- Hudson studied in Germany, did refore the eliminating bouts. search at Mas^chusetts Institute „ „ .... . , j of Technology and taught physics 2. Competition will include sepa- ^ ^ . . , .n- • tt xu , X X , X • j at Princeton and Illinois. He then rate contests between novice and , .. ,, „ , , spent some time with the U. S. Geoexperienced boxers. , • , o j j x i. x logical Survey, succeeded by a short 3. Elimination bouts will be held -with the New York Testing in the boxing deck; finals will be Laboratory at Perth Amboy. He reheld in the fieldhouse. ceived his doctor of philosophy de4. Novice winner as well as open gi-ee in 1907, magna cum laude, at contestants will receive prizes. < Princeton. 5. Boxing instructions will be Gas Masks given by Coach Jim Beers and Chief jjg since worked in the U. S. Specialist Bernard Loft, between 4 g^j-gau of Chemistry devising a and 6 o’clock. method for making highly activated 6. Equipment may be checked carbon gas masks. This was folout at the intramural check-out lowed by work as a chemical conwindow. sultant in the food industry, and 7. Participants will sign-up on later Dr. Hudson did carbohydrate the bulletin board outside Room research with the National Bureau 111. of Standards. He has been with the 8. Training will take place any Bui’eau of Public Health since 1928. time the boxer may find time; if Dr. Hudson has become very possible between 4 and 6. prominent in the field of organic 9. Further instructions may be chemistry and has received and imfound on the bulletin board on box- posing list of honors for his work in ing deck. organic chemistry. During his stay 10. Winners of the tourney will University, he and Mrs. Hudbe asked to represent the Univer- guests of Professor sity against other camps, colleges, Mrs. Edward Degering.
and training stations.
11. All men, experienced or oth-
erwise, are asked to sign up. " ^
12. Weight classes; 118, 125, 135, (Continued from page 1) 145, 155, 165, 175, and heavy. g_ common house fly is unA large turnout is expected for gjrgat suspicion. He should be this touinament due to the great eliminated by every possible means. amount of boxing talent in the „ nx j x i u i- -x xi •
9. Students should limit their out-of-city travel until after October 1st. The Armed Forces are restricted from the Chicago, Indianapolis, and Bloomington areas for a like period. It may be even neces-
sity’s cooperation by both Colonel extend this restriction for a D. M. Beere and Commander Hugh longer period. Bartley. They also commented on 10. Be alert to early signs of bethe fact that members of almost all ginning illness and report to the branches of the armed forces had Health Service at once. Early diacooperated with each other on this gnosis gives greater hope for earcampus. V lior recovery in infantile paralysis.
Both the Glee Club and the Uni-
versity Band furnished musical in- TRY AN EXPONENT terludes. CLASSIFIED
the
Army, Navy and Maiine programs. Gallienne (Continued from page 1)
By Jim Wendell ^
■ When the sun came up over John Purdue’s grave last week, the hsual sight was changed by a lack of something. What was missing? No, University Hall was still there, but the forty-year -old row of arbor vitae around the fountain has van-
ished!
It all happened when a horde of bagworms with ravenous appetites nonchalantly removed the foliage from our familiar trees. Being in a nude condition, the bagworms dacided they had had enough, and with the aid of W. Graber, campqa foreman, and his efficient crew, they
left.
This summer central and northern Indiana is plagued with an abnormally large number of bagworms, according to J. J. Davi^, head of the department of entomology, University agricultural experiment station. The pest usually confines its feeding range to the southern half of the state, but for some reason the bounds were aggressively overstepped this year, seriously defoliating deciduous fruit and shade trees and evergreens. A single defoliation of an evergreen usually kills the tree. Arbor vitae seems to be a choice pasture for the hermits sungly encased in rough, protective bags, which are very small in the spring but enlarge as the worm grows. During August or September, the bags may reach an inch and a half or two inches in length. Soon winged males emerge from their'abode to fertilize the wingless females, who are domestically inclined and remain at home. After the eggs are laid in the bag, the females die, leaving the new generation to fen^ for themselves. Tree lovers may greatly lessen next year’s population of bagworms by hand picking and burning the conspicuous bags which contain the eggs. The small worms that may hatch next spring can be controlled with arsenate of lead sprays or dusts applied early in June. Football Schedule Here is a copy of the Boilermakers’ 1943 gridiron schedule: Sept. 18—Great Lakes—There Sept. 25—Marquette—There Oct. 2—Illinois—Here Oct. 9—Camp Grant—^Here Oct. 16—Ohio State—Cleveland Oct. 23—Iowa—Here Oct. 30—Wisconsin—There Nov. 6—Minnesota—There Nov. 13—Open date Nov. 20—Indiana—There
Sifirma Delta Chi: MeetinK in Exponent office Monday, Sept 6, at 4.30 p m Plant for Rassle will be dibcusted —MURPHY
Phi Kappa Tau: Regular meeting Monday, Sept, 6, at 6:3Q p. m. in Senate office.
—MURPHY
Student Senate Senior Board: There will be a senior board meeting Monday, Sept 6, in the Senate office. —THOMAS George: Your service page copy can not be published until your correct name is given us. —EDITOR
Classified Ads
Notice Any fre.shman or sophomore interested in being a football manager is asked to report to Dick Butsch at 4 p. m. today at the practice field. Buy War Bonds
Typewriters; Adding macnincs, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Wanted—Stuaents to deliver the Exponent three days a week. Apply at the Circulation Department in the Exponent office. Wanted—Three men students to do general janitor work, one hour daily and three hours on Satuiday in exchange for private apaitmcnt with private bath, kitchenette, electric refiigeratoi. individual beds wuth inner springs, and all utilities furnished. V/rite, stating personal qualihcations: age, draft status, year in school, religion, etc. Box 100, Exponent. Female Help Wanted—Giils with two or more years of college credit Apply at Wateiman School, Cincinnati, Ohio. Haic jouf rugs, carpets, lurniture cleaned iby the Trojan Rug-O-Vator Company. Wall 'to wall carpeting, orientals, and twist weaves a specialty. Dial 3398. Wanted—Girl of pleasing personality and well proportioned figuie as model for Artist Club. Spare time. Good pay. Reply Artist Club c/o Exponent. Wanted—Students foi pait time work as pm setters. See Mr. Fred Howaid m Union Bowling Alley foi this good paying woik during your free hours. Room for instructor or graduate student. Private enhance, separate bath. Call 0976
ox 71302.
WAA: Council met ting Thursday, September 2, at 4 p. m. in WAA office —BRACKMAN Lost—Wine-coIored billfold containing cash and personal mattei. Elizabeth Welsh. WRH South. Rewaid.
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIIjllED
ROOMS TO RENT? The Easiest Way To Reach Purdue Students is A CLASSIFIED AD in THE PURDUE EXPONENT