>} ‘s -
Summer Session Edition
■> ^ ^ I V/ ft
t ' ^P rfJ
®Jt|0 Puriluie TSxpanexti
Student Newspaper Of Purdue University
VOLUME ONE
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, JULY 8,1937
NUMBER see
Labor
As the steel strike, most serious since 1919, entered into its second month, arbiters failed to bring labor and capital within tablewidth distance long enough to effect a paper armistice. In Ohio Governor Davey had declared the right to work as “sacred” as the right to strike. Ohio steel plants reopened
under national guard protection. In Indiana last week Governor Townsend’s mediation efforts, which brought about a truce between Inland'Steel company and eipployees, failed to calm touchy labor and Yoimgstown Sheet and Tube company representatives. Governor Townsend announced Wednesday negotiations with Youngstown officials collapsed on a minor technical disagreement. J. C. Argetsinger, vice-president of the company, announced the Indiana Harbor plant would remain closed until his “employees are afforded legal protect tion.”
Chicago Riot The senate civil liberties committee's final inventory of the Memorial day South Chicago riot tallied up 40 strikers and demonstrators shot, 10 dead. Seven of those killed were shot in the bac^, three in the side. One hundred others received severe head and body wounds. Two of these are permanently disabled, eight others probably will become so, according to physicians’ testimony. Thirty-five policemen were recorded injured; nine badly enough to receive hospital treatment.
The courts last week took steps to penalize both labor and capital for violence on the strike front. In Detroit, Common Pleas Judge Ralph W. Liddy issued an assault warrant Tuesday naming the Ford Motor company and 16 employees as a result of a grand jury investigation into the beating of United Automobile Workers handing out literature on May 26. Meanwhile the National Labor Relations Board continued a hearing on its complaint of Ford’s alleged unfair labor practices.
At Youngstown, O., more than 200 agitators and workers were indicted on charges of violence and disorder during the June 10 and 19 riots in which two persons were killed. The CIO and affiliated SWOC “purged” ranks last week by striking from its roster Gus Hall, strike captain under arrest for alleged dynamiting in the Warren, 0., area, and five other organizers.
Washington
Congress began its seventh month in session last week with important issues still before it. Ignoring the senate judiciary committee’s condemnation, the senate started reviewing the new deal’s court packing bill.
Administration leaders pushed consideration of the farm tenancy legislation in both houses. Senator Bankhead (D., Ala.), co-author of the measure designed to check the increase in farm tenancy by providing cheap government loans to finance land purchases, predicts its early passage.
Tax Inquiry Proceeds Meanwhile the tax evasion inquiry probed into the incorporation of family residences and “personal talents” to decrease taxes. Myron C. Taylor, chairman of the United States Steel corporation and the late Alfred I. Du Pont were cited by Arthur H. Kent, assistant treasury counsel, as examples in the former instance. Ed Wynn, actor and radio entertainer, Fritz Kriesler, noted violinist, and Percy Crosby, creator of the cartoon character, “Skippy,” were named as persons who had incorporated “personal talents’ ’to reduce taxes.
Last week 64,000 retired railroaders were transferred from private pension systems to government pension rolls as a result of the new. Railroad Retirement Act recently signed by President; Roosevelt.
Foreign
Last week Japanese-Manchukuo-an “defense forces” sank a Russian gunboat in the Amur river, boundary between Siberia and Manchukuo. This burst of violence tensed rival troops massed on opposite river banks preparatory to possible battle. Japanese officials declared peace could exist only after Soviet troops and gunboats were withdrawn from several small island bases.
On Saturday, Russia complied. By Wednesday reports filtered out of the well censored area of a general renewal of border fighting. Simultaneously Japan and Russia accused each other of aggression and breaking of the five-day old agreement. , Spain The fate of the neutrality patrol which skirts war-torn Spain by land and sea lurched suddenly toward oblivion last week after a FrancoBritish proposal wns unofficially rejected. The two powers suggested to the 27-nation committee sponsoring the patrol that they replace the warships withdrawn by Italy and Germany recently after charging their ships were attacked.
If Italy and Germany refuse tomorrow to allow France and Great Britain to fill the sea gap in the neutral net which tries to keep men and arms from entering Spain, diplomatic circles feel certain the two powers will scrap the entire neutrality plan. Portugal has already suspended facilities for aiding British nonintervention observers on the Spanish frontier. Informed circles predict one of two actions should the neutrality plan collapse: a rump collaboration between the powers in some form of hasty nonintervention agreement; the official recognition by Britain of a state of war in Spain.
This would make General Franco’s rebels belligerents and give them the right to blockade Spanish coasts, stop and search British ships for war contraband, seek diplomatic recognition as the official Spanish government. Premier Cammille Chautemps of France warned that he would open his frontier and permit men and munitions to pour into Spain unless Italy and Gerfiffiry agree to continue the neutrality patrol.
Crime
Last week the “Mad Butcher of Kingsbury Run” was blamed for the tenth of a series of mutilation slayings in and around Cleveland, O. In September, 1934, the citizenry was shocked at the discovery on the shore of Lake Erie, of a woman’s torso dissected with surgical skill. In succeeding months eight more neatly' decapitated and mutilated bodies weer found in vacant lots and Kingsbury Run, a desolate waste area. Tuesday the torso of a powerful man was discovered in the Cuyahoga river. The police long ago declared frankly they were baffied and without clues.
On Tuesday Albert Dyer, 32 year old relief worker in Los Angeles, Cal., confessed the murder of three small Inglewood girls. Using his job as WPA school crossing guard, to gain the confidence of Jeanette Stephens, 8; Melba Everett, 9; and her sister, Madeline, 7, Dyer said he lured the children to a ravine and there throttled and attacked them. Afterward he felt sorry for his victims, knelt ahd prayed for them, then went home. To police authorities Dyer offered to plead guilty in exchange for life imprisonment instead pf death. District Attorney Burton Fitts of Los Angeles county refused his offer.
NBC Program Wm Originate At University Full Hour To Be Given To Purdue; Speakers, Music Being Arranged
The National Farm and Home Hour of the National Broadcasting Company will originate on the campus of Purdue University July 21, it was announced yesterday, and plans for the program are being completed by T. R» Johnston, director of public information for the University.
The entire hour from 11:30 to 12:30 (CST) will be devoted to Purdue, and a number of speakers and musical features have been booked, with a special engineering and announcing staff coming from Chicago to handle the program, which will be conducted in the music room of' the Memorial Union Building. Thirty stations are included on the broadcasting chain.
Among the speakers already booked to tell the story of Purdue and how it is helping meet changing conditions in agriculture, are President E. C. Elliott, Dean J. H. Skinner, Dean Mary L. Matthews, Assistant Director T. A. Coleman, of the department of agricultural extension. Assistant Director H. J. Read of the agricultural experiment station. Assistant Dean V. C. Freeman, and Hassil Schenck, president of the Indiana Farm Bureau, speaking for farmers of the state.
Choir To Sing More than half of the program will be devoted to musical numbers, with the Purdue Chorus of 40 voices under the direction of Albert P. Stewart carrying the burden of the musical program. Several xylophone numbers by Fred C. Baase, Indianapolis, Purdue engineering student and soloist in the Purdue Military Band, also have been booked as additional features.
E. B. Baugh, executive secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association is sending announcements and details of^e program to alumni clubs throughout Indiana and the entire United States and many of them will hold special luncheon meetings to get the program direct from the campus.
Carjnichael Holds
Play Tryouts This Evening In Union
Next on the theatrical program of the Summer Session recreational plans is “The Full Circle,” by Anne Ferring Weatherly, which will be presented at 7:30 o’clock Thursday evening, July 16, at Ross-Ade Stadium in connection with Purdqe’s first movie. ,
This one-act play with four scenes has as its setting a Middle-West, small town home. Daughter leaves for college, spends four years there, changes and rechanges.
Tryouts Today Tryouts for the play will be held at 7 o’clock this evening in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building.. H. Kenn Carmichael, in charge of tryouts, requests all interested students to report today. There is an urgent need for male actors, and a cast consisting of a father, a mother, a daughter, a little brother, and a boy-friend will be choseii, Carmichael said.
The all-student production staff is made up of 0. M. Stollard, stage manager; Marjorie Bajme, prompter. and assistant director; Mary Elizabeth Yeager, painting; Patricia Heine and Sue Enders, properties; Julia Graves, costumes and make-up; Mary Tyner and Anistis Franklin, publicity.
In case of rain, the play will be postponed, along with the movie, until the following evening at the same time.
U. S. S. Colorado Launches Three Planes To Assist In Earhart Hunt
Still A^ssing
Amelia Earhart
Shots For First Purdue Sound Movie
Begin On Klondike Farm Tomorrow
Purdue’s first movie, and a movie in sound at that, is under way. H. Kenn Carmichael, director of dramatics, announced yesterday. The scenes for this 16 minute mellodrama of Indiana farm life with a student cast will be shot at Klondike on tomorrow and Saturday afternoons by Prof. J. Rising, of the University practical mechanics department, assisted by John Ditamore, sound effects man.
The story was inspired by the manoeuvers of the late Brady gang of Indiana. The hero. Bob, is played by Henry Miller, who shares the love interest with Mary, played by Marjorie Bayne. Jim, a neighbor farmer, who is interested in telescopes, is played by Joe Dupree.
Blood-Thirsty Gangster Daisy Bell> a well-bred Guernsey cow from the Brandstetter farm at Klondike, is Jim’s only compensation for having married his sour, bitey wife, Emma, played by Julia Graves. There is the blood-thirsty gangster. Dimples Dawson, played by William Brotherton, to make the plot more interesting. The all-student production cast, under the direction of Carmichael,
Greve Writes Article
The June issue of Central District News published by the U. S. Department of Agricultural Engineering carries a seven page article on “Floods and Flood Control” by Prof. F. W. Greve of the school of civil engineering.
consists of O. M. Stollard, production manager; Patricia Heine, assistant production manager; Mary Elizabeth Yeager, make-up; Julia Graves and Sue Enders, properties; Mary Tyner and Anistis Franklin, publicity.
Rain, Rain, Stay Away The product of this new venture will be developed and edited in time to be shown at Ross-Ade Stadium Thursday, July 16, at 7:30 p. m. the weather permitting. In case of rain, the show vdll appear on the following Friday at the same hour. And it hasn’t rained for a Summer Session play or a Summer Session sing yet!
Saturday’s Mixer Brings Cathey Here
First pay mixer of the Summer Session comes Saturday night with Everett Cathey and his University of Illinois band slated to furnish the rhythm. Price for the affair is the usual one dollar and the hours last from 9 to 12 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building.
Cathey is making his first appearance on the University campus as an orchestra leader Saturday night. He formerly sang with Dick Cisne’s band, also from the Sucker institution, who played for eight or ten dances here during the past school year.
The ballroom’s $17,000 ventilating system will bo in operation during the dance.
Deny Rumor That Flyers Were Found BULLETIN
Honolulu, July 7—Three planes were launched oB of the U. S. S. Colorado at 9 p. m. (CST) today in search of Amelia Earhart and her navigator, Fred Noonan. Lient. Commander J. L. Reynolds of the United States Naval Headquarters at Honolnln annnonced at 8:45 p. m. (CST) today that a report that Miss Earhart had been saved and was aboard the U. S. S. Colorado was entirely erroneous. Commander Reynolds said this in view of the fact that he would be notified immediately if the two filers had been rescued.
Miss Earhart joined the Purdue faculty in 1936 as a consultant in the aeronautical department of the mechanical engineering school and as co-ed advisor on careers. She has been a frequent visitor to the campus, and was to have been a speaker at the Institute on American Policy and Technology last Friday.
Miss Earhart’s twin motored Lockheed Electra which she was flying was financed by the Purdue Research Foundation.
1,106 Register For ^3 7 SummerSession
Registration for the 1937 Summer Session, including the various institutes, has reached a total of 1,106 persons, as compared to- 936 for last year.
Average attendance at the Policy and Technology Institute was 300 to 400 persons per session. Director Frank Hockema, of the Summer Session, said yesterday. The greatest attendance was 1,200 .... for Owen D. Young’s talk.
About 260 people turned out for the closing institute banquet at which Gov. M. Clifford Townsend and Walter B. Pitkin spoke. Fifteen are taking the institute course for credit.
Total registration for the Industrial Personnel Institute was 175, Dr. J. E. Walters, director of the personnel bureau, announced. Attendance at the sessions ranged from 60 to 160, with the labor discussions of A. F. of L. and C. I. O. leaders drawing the largest oiowd. Eight persons took the course for credit.
Registration in late intensive courses is expected to boost the total above 1,200, Professor Hockema said.
Allen Will Lecture
On Snakes July 16
Bill Allen, authority in the study of snakes, will lecture on the limbless reptiles in the ballroom of the Union Building Friday, July 16. Allen received his master of arts de-
gree from Purdue.
The lecture is being sponsored by the Siunmer Session committee on recreational and social programs, and is being arranged with the aid of Dr. C. L. Porter of the University biology department.
Doesn^t Buy Fireworks $ Burned By One Anywti^
Charles Milvo didn’t buy a cracker for Fourth of July celebration purposes, but he suffered injuries froni one just the same.
MUvo, a freshman electrical engineering student from Carthage^ N. Y., was walking along the street on the Fourth, piched up an unm^ ploded firecracker and lit it, Tl» firecracker exployed in Ws bamd burning two fingers rather badly.
Regular treatn^ent for the fingers and a shot of tetanus serum wmo given to Uilvo by Dr. S. J. Hitter of the Student Health Snetea
1
K X
\^^[iV';'J-y’ , ‘ ' ' tm PURPtJjB sroabsR EXPi^myr '' ■ ,\ •^'''' ,'“ . Tltitr'adajr^.July s, iWtIIaI:
' !'
tEl^e ^ttrbue exponent
marnOad ta 188S
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University, All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily Coincide with the official University viewpoint.
Main Office—312 North Fifth Street
Phone 5037
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Sunday and Monday during the regular academic year, and weekly during the Summer Session.
R. Paul Manion Editor-in-Chief David C. Miller Business Manager
Thursday, July 8, 1937
•yyT~rT‘*~'ryyy»v*'yy~»'>'>'* * ■ryy~
Letters to the Editor
*********- •-*-.*-*-*■
(Editor's Note: Following is a letter from Dorothea Justin, a innior science student of Purdue and an Associate Coed Editor on the Exponent, who has enrolled in Summer School at the UniTersity of Wchigan.) Ann Arbor, Michigan, Wednesday, July ><7.
Dear Rip, Michigan University is full of •wonderful professors. Each one, in the four courses I have, is an unusual and interesting person. Today, after a "visit with Mrs. Bacher, acting dean of women, I trotted over to my evolution lecture, late. I was afraid to go in. Professor Hussey’s lectures are so good I hate to interrupt one.
After the lecture closed, I went in to give him my class card. “Late?” he said. “Lord, come in anyway!” This from the tall, gray haired professor favorably impressed us all. He is a favorite around here because of his hearty humanness.
I believe that Michigan business offices need a dose of Dr. Gilbreth’s efficiency exporting. They could also use a few courses in business administration. Their system of registration is awful. They close ahead of time, or don’t have transcripts on file (they lost mine, and I waited two hours for them to find it), or have the advisor’s office listed •wrong and forget to correct it.
Waits Two Hours And A Half Here everyone has to go to an advisor to approve his course selection, after filling out a dozen cards about name, age, courses, and church beliefs. Anyhow, I had to wait two hours and a half before my advisor could get to me, and then all he did was to "write his initials on the card. By that time the cashier’s office had closed, so 1 had to continue registration for a couple of more days.
All people registering make two trips between two buildings before hitting all the offices and authorities they need to see before they complete the ordeal of enrolling.
The classes here make up for it, however. They are engrossing, and a lot of work. It’s easy to cover a great deal of material in a short time in these intensive courses. I don’t know how the instructors do it, but they get plenty of work from their pupils. Everyone works, most persons earnestly.
All Activities Subsidized All actmties are subsidized by the University here. A board of directors control things. gAll workers on the Daily, the workers on several magazines, and Union workers, are paid by the month. As one boy expressed it, “The reinforcement of the wallet reinforces the spirit and heart.” It rather shocked me at first, but they do a great deal of work, and take all complaints from the faculty and student body and try to remedy faults.
Starting New Magazine An enterprising group of students is starting a photographic magazine next fall, on the order of “Life.” They expect to begin a new era in college publications. Both the editor and business manager will receive $300 a year, I believe; perhaps it is that much a semester. The chief officers of the publication will receive 70 per cent of the profits to divide among themselves, so there is great incentive to put it over and make it a paying proposition. The 30 per cent goes to the board for an equipment and building fund. It’s a grand place in most ways, and Fm having a wonderful time. But I brag on Purdue, and we have mock arguments about the advantages of our respective institutions. Purdue has a fine reputation up ?iere, and so far I haven't blighted Dorothea.
11
Collegiate
By Orval Lorenz
■llllllllllll
Dr. L. H. Adams of Carnegie Institution’s Geological Laboratory, says that the age of the earth, as estimated by measuring the amount of the radio-active element uranium which has broken do"wn into lead, is about 1,600,000,000 years. * * *
An 81 year old woman recently took her master’s degree in Archaeology at Brown University.
According to a professor at Columbia University, approximately one million microbes change habitat during the course of a long kiss. For years it has been the opinion of bacteriologists that kissing is one of the most dangerous games. It seems that Purdue students are very humanly minded — towards germs. After all the germs must live too. * * *
Gil Kuhn was Southern California’s ninth Sigma Chi football captain in ten years.
Don’t eat foods that are supposed to be “good for you” if you can’t stand their taste, says Dr. J. A. Manville, of the University of Oregon. If a so-called beneficial food is repellent to your taste, leave it alone or you may develop rheuma tism, hay fever, or eczema. * * *
Oscar informs us that the men in the front row are always'baldheaded because they buy their tickets from scalpers.
Dr. I. Lorge, of Columbia University’s Institute of Education, says that “Old dogs can learn new tricks.” The mind does not deteriorate with age; it merely slows down a trifle. It is “militant ignorance,” not inability which prevents persons over 21 from tackling new intellectual interests. The belief that middle-aged minds do not absorb knowledge easily, explained Dr, .Lorge, is based on a “defense mechanism” set-up against the effort involved. ^
Romeo wooed Juliet on a balcony because he thought it good psychology; today, they make love on a balcony, not because of the tenderness of it all, but because it costs 35 cents to sit downstairs.
Workers in research in the zoology laboratory at Southern California are not contenit with the common house fly, which annoys students in the summertime. They send to British Columbia for Drosophila pseudoobscura race B with which to carry on their experiments in heredity.
Nicholas Murray Butler received his thirty-fifth honorary degree last winter from Trujillo University in San Domingo.
Ellis Becomes Head Of State ASCE Section
C. A. Ellis, professor of structural engineering in the University school of civil engineering, has assumed the office of president of the Indiana section of the American Society of Civil Engineers, succeeding the late Charles Brossman, of Indianapolis. Professor Ellis has been acting as vice-president of the A. S. G. E. and automatically succeeded to the presidency upon the death of Brossman.
PUBLICATION DATES
Exponents will be published w’eekly during the remainder of the 1937 Summer Session, on July 16, 22, and 29, and Au-. gust 6 and 12.
BOOKS are . . .
.. an EDUCATION
irk'kirkirkick'k'kirk'k'k-kirk'k-k-k'k-k-k NEW BOOKS
There is always something fascinating and in"viting about a new book. Even though we know it may not be as good from a literary standpoint nor perhaps as satisfying as an older one which has survived through the years, yet we always open a ne"w book with a feeling of discovery and expectancy. Each week new books come into the University Library. Many, to be sure, are of rather a technical nature, but others are fiction, 'biography, or travel and are read for^ pleasure and enjoyment rather than specific knowledge.
Such a book is American Dream, a new novel by a young writer, Michael Poster. It is a story of rich dramatic adventure told with warmth and vigor and yet with a certain amount of tenderness.
Shelby Thrall, the third generation of his family in America, de-^ cides to give up his job as a newspaper writer on a large city paper and go with his wife and son to Crucifixion Bay where he will have time to consider his thoughts and live a life of his own. Up in the attic, while packing, he comes across letters and relics in an old tin trunk which bring to him the story of his ancestors and in a way explain his o"wn confused and rebel-
lious spirit.
Through The Years We see with him the procession through the years of the Thralls and the Parkers from the days of the first pioneer settlements down to the present time.
First, we see Jean Francis Thrall, once the proud master of an opium clipper, coming to America where he marries a Boston girl, Mary Parker. Tiring of her puritanical conventionality and longing for the sea, he sails for the Pacific in his schooner and eventually becomes a rajah on the Malay coast.
John Thrall, his son, after finishing Harvard goes to the Dakotas as a lawyer and newspaper man. Later he comes back to Chicago where he marries for the second time and finally settles in a small to’wn in Kansas where he lives a rather obscure life, , yet always fights uncompromisingly for his ideals of justice and truth.
Shelby, his son, after leaving the Kansas prairie town, becomes a newspaperman. After his father’s death he decides to leave the corruption and turmoil of the city and goes to search for his American dream in an obscure little seacoast town.
Strange And Romantic The lives of Jean, John, and Shelby Thrall are given in most detail but we catch glimpses of the other members of the Thrall and Parker families whose lives are equally fascinating. Although parts of the story seem almost incredible, taken altogether it is a strange and romantic tale. Already this book has been compared to Anthony Adverse and it is safe to say it "will be widely read and enjoyed.
Another new book of quite a different type, yet equally interesting, is one just published about T. E. Lawrence of Arabia fame. It’s title is T. E. Lawrence by His Friends
ARC
TODAY — PEL — SAT.
Lynn Overman and Mary Brian in ‘‘Three Married Men” “—and— Bob Steele in “The Law Rides” —also—
“Vigilantes Are Coming”
SUNDAY — MONDAY
First Lafayette Showing of Jean Stratton Porter’s
“Michael O’Halloran” —an^— Mae Clark in “Hats Off”
Coming Attractions TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY Laurel and Hardy in “Our Relations”
Lew Ayers in “Murder with Pictures”
OHhh, wish I war a fasanatin witch.
Virginia RICHARDS seems to find plenty of attraction here in Perdueville. Anyway she couldn’t be home in Florida "with all the nite life. What she sees, in Horton must be something only a mother would notice.
Anyone desiring one fine snapping turtle and one Alabama turtle, genus extraordinary, should apply at the Union desk or to the Union janitor service. Such affection, such modesty is unrivalled. As pets they have their qualities and when one tires of the little devils — turtle soup, savory and appetizing.
These turtles should be satisfied in any home, even WHR, after making Rattlesnake gulch their abode for the last few years.—wholesale dealer, G. G. Pollock, room 301, Union Club. (Paid Ad.) .!
If the above turtle ad gets results, your columnist is going to try to get rid of some guppies.
No contribs this week and since the Ed says that I get fired if they are awarded to Kernel again this week, no Mars passes.
Famous last words .... I feel hot, let’s take in a bank night.
It was a blessed event . . . the father pacing up and down the hospital corridor . . . the door opened, “It’s a girl” ... “My Gawd, another mouth to buy cigarettes for.”
and the book consists of a collection of impressions "written by his friends from his childhood days to the time of his death two"years ago. It is made up of some eighty portraits -written by those who knew him best in his early years, during the war, and after.
Many of the writers are themselves of renown, the list including Lord Allenby, Winston Churchhill,
B. H. Liddell Hart, Bernard Shaw,
:ners.
and many others. The first two sketches are written by his mother and older brother, and the whole book is edited by his younger broth-
er, A. W. La"wrence.
Biography By Many
The sketches are arranged chronologically and thus form a biography told by many. It might seem that so many portrayals of the same person would become monotonous but in truth even though the same thoughts are expressed again and again in different ways by the various writers it only seems to deepen and impress the qualities of this almost legendary character.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
TKili^sday, July 8,1937 >;
‘ V 4
^ ':a
By Lichlty
“I didn’t kill him! I didn’t kill him! I didn’t kill Now! Are you satisfied ?”
him!
WBAA
RADIO PROGRAMS —TODAY— 11:00—^Morning Melodies. 11:1B—Girl Guide—Radio Class Production. 11:30—Parade of Melody. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Noon Melodies. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:80—The Story Lady—Catharine ParIon. 12:46—Market and Weather Reports. 1:00—Arsene Summers—contralto. 1:16—Melody Review. 1:30—^Treasure Chest. 1:46—Chats with the Housewife. 2:00—^Edith Hines—popular melodies. 2:16—Radio Travel Review. 2:30—Tune Tips. —FRIDAY— 11:00—Urban Sociology—T. k. Noss. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Agricultural Forum. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—^Athletic Review—^Bob H^ine. 12:4B—Market and Weather Reports. 1:00—^Frank Triboulet—tenor. 1:16—^You and Your Health. 1:80—Organ Melodies—Albert Schnaible. 1:46—Typing School of the Air. 2:00—^Melody Moods. 2:16—British Isles. 2:30—Harold Schulte—tenor. 2:46—^Tune Tips.
tion, his keen and almost uncanny memory, his body, slight of build, his fine head and keen blue eyes. Each writer tells of his or her relationship with La-wrence and many of the fabulous tales about him are explained and cleared away and he no longer appears as the mystery man we have been told about so often, yet in the end he still remains a character strangely different from any other of our time.
These sketches are written simply as impressions and are not eulogistic in style but the thought runs through nearly all that Lawrence ranks among the greatest of men. —E. M. Schlundt.
Reference is made by many of his brillant mind and great erudi-
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
TIME MARXES ON!
GROUCHO—CHICO—HARPO-SOCK-O!
Swing tunes! Sing tunes! Dancers! Romancers ! Race horses! Clothes-horses! Stirred into a glorious mess by Dr. Hugo Z. Hackenbush (Quack! Quack!)
A Giant Laugh and Girl Show!
ALLAN wftfc MAUREEN JOHfS • O’SULLIVAN
—NOW PLAYING— Victor Moore Beulah Bondi in “Make Way for Tomorrow”
4 Days Starting SUNDAY
Conduct Services For Dr. R. E. Nelson
Funeral services for Dr. Ralph E. Nelson, University professor of organic chemistry, were conducted at the family residence Sunday afternoon. Burial was made in Grand View cemetery.
Dr. Nelson, 50, died suddenly at his home, 232 Littleton street. West Lafayette, last Thursday night.
He began his teaching in the University the fall following his graduation from the Purdue school of science in 1911. His service here was interrupted twice, in 1916 when he received a Ph. D. at the University of Chicago and in 1918 when he served in the Washington, D. C., chemical warfare service.
Sur"vivors include his wife, formerly Miss Edna Westfall; a sister, Mrs. Alta Sentz, Chicago; and a foster daughter. Miss Margaret Hinkle, of Indianapolis.
Cool for Your Comfort
STARTS TODAY Double Feature
A dash of romance from the paddock ... Racing hearts plunge down the stretch in a drama of love and thrills!
EOUA3DO CIANNEIU
Midnite Prevue Saturday “STOLEN SWEETS”
/
M,, ''.I,
Tliut^day* July 8,1937
THE EUlUDUE StJMMEK EXECjNEM*
31
Slimmer School And Ross Camp Nines To Play Third Contest
Summer school students will have the opportunity of seeing the Summer Session nine attempt to break the tie in the Ross Camp-Summer Session baseball series next Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock on Intramural Field. This third game of the series will give the local team a chance to avenge the defeat handed it last Thursday at the Civil Engineer’s diamond.
The Ross Camp nine, in addition to games with the Summer School squad, has been playing many teams from the small towns around the camp and its record in these contests seems to indicate that the Campers have a much improved team.
Heavy Hitting Allows Americans To Annex Annual Diamond Battle
Medwick And Gehrig Share Hitting Laurels For The Day; Nationals Use Six Pitchers Griffith Stadium, Washington, D. C., July 7—New York Yankees, 8; National Ileague All-Stars, 3! Putting it briefly, that is the essence of the outcome of the All-Star game played here today before a capacity crowd of 32,000 persons including President Roosevelt and a host of other dignitaries.
With two out in the third Joe Di Maggio, Yankee sophomore outfielder, singled to center; then Lou Gehrig smashed one of Dizzy Dean’s slants over the right field fence, scoring Di Maggio ahead of him for the first runs of the game. Dean then retired the side by forcing
V
—NOW PLAYING— Freddie BARTHOLOMEW Spencer Tracy in “Captains Courageous”
STARTS SUNDAY
LUMiJkk
Averill, Cleveland right fielder, to ■ground out to Billy Herman.
Gomez Holds Them In the meantime Vernon Gomez, slim Yankee southpaw, had held Ford Frick’s boys to no runs and only a single hit, this by Arkie Vaughan of the Pirates. The Nationals scored their first run in the fourth when Joe Medwick connected for the first of his four hits to drive home Billy Herman, who had singled and moved to second on a fielder’s choice. Runs three, four and five trotted across the plate for the American Leaguers as hits by West, Rolfe, and Gehringer greeted Carl Hubbell in the fourth and chased him to the showers. Red Rolfe’s blow was screaming a line drive to the right field scoreboard. Cy Blanton stopped the massacre by striking Di Maggio. Hartnett Scores Gabby Hartnett scored the second run for the Terrymen in the fifth as Mel Ott pinch hitting for Blanton cracked out a double. Joe Medwick scored the only other run for the National Leaguers in the seventh after which Whitehead who was running for Hartnett was thrown out at the plate by Di Maggio. Tommy Bridges and Mel Harder also pitched fairly good ball for the Americans, and were never in danger as the slugging Yanks drove in seven runs and scored five. Dizzy Dean and Joe Medwick were the only National League players who even looked like Major Leaguers. The latter hit two doubles and two singles in five trips to the plate to lead both teams in hitting.
Fumhlers Outmuff Mufflers In Chem
Softball Series
The Fumblers out-muffed the Mufflers as the latter softball team defeated the r^ormer 4 to 3 in the first
game of the softball series between four teams composed of instructors from the Chemical School Tuesday
afternoon on Stuart Field.
ielder’s.... ....choice
By Don Bailey
Score by innings; Fumblers 000 300 000— 3 Mufflers 000 000 301— 4 The Chem staff has been divided into four teams which are competing in a series of games to determine that much discussed question of just who are the toughest and who are the awfulest softball players iu the Chem School. The teams have been named the Dbbs, the Punks, the Fumblers and the Mufflers. The catcher of the various teams serves as captain of his team. Game Tonight The next contest comes off tonight at 4 o’clock on Stuart Field and is between the Dubs and the Punks. Next Thursday the Mufflers will play the tonight’s winner and the following Thursday the two losers will play.
mm-
—NOW PLAYING— Double Feature
Larry Crabbe
Zane Grey’s “Forlorn River” —pins— Charles Quigley
“Speed to Spare*'
Starts Sunday
Jean HARLOW RobL imPfi
in
^Personal Property’*
Joe Medwick, baseball’s most unsung hero, stole the show in the American League’s fourth all-Star victory yesterday by pounding out two singles and two doubles in five trips. —^fc— Paul Moss, one of Purdue’s greatest ends and a winner of All-Amei-can honors on Grantlapd Rice’s 1932 team, will hold down the hot corner this afternoon for the local Red Sox when they tackle “Rajah” Hornsby’s St. Louis Browns at 2 o’clock on the Columbian Park diamond. —^fc— Hornsby has announced that either Tommy Thomas or Sheriff Blake will pitch for his club in this afternoon’s exhibition. Morse, Veller, Lucard and Bailey will probably see action for the local nine. —fo— Monday’s Cub-Cardinal marathon brings back memories of the 26-23 Cub-Philly game of 1922. The most runs scored in organized baseball history was made by the Ft. Worth club of the Texas League when they scored 72 runs in a three game stand. —^fc— Members of the Cincinnati Reds, who recently dropped four twinbills in less than a week, at least have one consolation—they needn’t fear an attack from the rear. —^fc— Frank Lucard, Summer Session student who attends Lehigh University during the regular school year, pitched the Lafayette Red Sox to a 7-5 victory over the Indianapolis Sterlings Monday. Although Lucard, diminutive righthander, allowed only four hits, his conspicuous lack of control kept him in “hot water” throughout the game. —^fc— Despite very unseasonable weather, Coach Noble Kizer will probably be glad to know that Rabbi Jacob Tarshus, the “Lamplighter,” watches three football teams very closely during the football season. They are Notre Dame (he knew “Rock”), Ohio State (Columbus is his home town), and Purdue because he says the Boilermakers put up a good fight whether they win or lose. —^fc— John (Pepper to you) Martin, fiery Cardinal outfielder and member of yesterday’s National League All-Star team, once “rode the rods” from Texas to South Carolina to save traveling expense money allowed players during the training period prior to the official league opening. He fits in well with Dizzy Dean and the rest of those brainy gasless “Gashouse Gang.”
C. CARTER
for
Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Keys Duplicated
PHONE 2291 State & Main W. Lafayette
mmm
Browns, Sox Meet Today
Hornsby Brings American League Nine Here
Rogers Hornsby, who won the National League batting championship six times in a row and who later was fired because he failed to win the Wofld Series after'winning the National League pennant, will lead his St. Louis Browns against the Lafayette Red Sox this afternoon at 2 o’clock on the Columbian Park Diamond.
Three thousand baseball fans are expected to jam the park to see the first local exhibition of a Major League club since 1919. A public address system will introduce the players as they come to the plate.
tiomOjiy will prdl^bly steoft ^ietiff Blake, former Cttb pUeh&e, ml the mound while John Roeser, Ideal manager, is planning to start Ms star. Lefty Veller. Rosser indicated that he will probably give Morse and Bailey a ffing at the big teng* uers also.
Other stars who will appear here include West, Bell, and Clift, whd were members of the American League All-Star team that won’ yes^ terday, 8-3, and Vosmik, Bottomley, Hemsley, Van Atta, and Hildebrand-
Brewers Leave For Eastern Residence
Lieutenant Colonel Carlos Brewer and family left their West Lafay^ ette residence Monday for a month’s journey following v^hich they -will make their home at Madison Bari racks. New York, new assignment of the former Purdue Commandant.
Beach Scene
Purdue coeds are making tbis shop their headquarters for stunning beach apparel .. . suits that interpret this Summer's gayest new trends.
CATALINA SWIM SUITS
\
$3.98 to $10.98
Beach Wear Department Second Floor
LOEB &HeNE COMPANV
to have your guests stay at the Union Club. They can not help but be delighted with the smart address, the comfortable rooms, and the complete service the Union Club offers them.
The Union Club places your guests in the center of university activities and helps to create the fine impression you want to be made.
lXjuoh
iai Union
Corner of the Cnmiins—Yet the Cmrttt el AotiYitke
mm
m
1 ^ f ^ <-J !'
,} *' 1 .*‘jif ■^v'^jrflfip:
fMi
TH£ PURDUE SUM]M(ER E^UFONENt
Thiitsday, July 8,1937
mi\^ j Pv.
THE MADCAP MAEXES ARE BACK AGAIN/
Groucho, Chico and Harpo Marx in their new musical comedy, “A Day at the Races,” coming to the Mars Sunday.
ICE CREAM
Hom-Pak—Pints 15c; Quarts 25c Chocolate—V anilla—Strawberry
Dad’s Place . . So Handy
DELICIOUS TEMPTIING FOOD
that will suit the crankiest summer appetite is served at the students’ favorite restaurant.
WHEELER’S LUNCH
420 MAIN ST.
ALWAYS OPEN
SHIRT SPECIALS
ONE WEEK ONLY
We must close out our Spring and Summer Patterns.
We will not carry them over until next season.
Our policy is to show you all new patterns each new season.
VALUES TO $2.45
Trubenized, Button Down, Soft, Kent and Tab Collars. Limit 5 to One Customer.
-01/, I i Vf
Fort Knox Records Show That Pistol Shots As Well As Big Shots Come From University
By J. E. Brock Managinr Editor, The Exponent Fort Knox, Ky., July 7—I’ve always known that Purdue had its big shots and its small shots, and the record of ;its excellent pistol team has indicated that it also has its pistol shots.
Qualification records of the Purdue boys at R. 0. T. C. camp here at Fort Knox adds emphasis to the last fact. Nine Purdue lads qualified as expert shots in .45 caliber automatic record firing, 31. as sharpshooters, and 69 as marksmen—a total of 99 qualifications from the 140 Boilermakers here . . . which is a mark for future campers to shoot at. Three From Culver Battery A, with 81 men, all from Purdue, on its roster, had 64 qualifications. Battery B had the remainder, plus three marksmen qualifiers from Culver Military Academy. Minimum qualifying average scores are; for expert 85x100, for sharpshooter 78x100, and for marksman 60x100.
walk as far away as you ctin.” Well, after we’d loaded our pockets and hands with the more likely looking pieces, we started back to the car. On the way back, we found a very likely little rocky creek in the bottom of a real gorge overhung with foliage of all kinds. We followed the creek until we came to a real waterfall. The stream must have dropped at least 10 or 12 feet, and at first it looked as if we’d have to drop, too, in order to follow it further. Finds Way Down Then Vanderford found a way down. Slipping and clinging to the side of a very steep slope, he made his way to the top of a tree, then down the tree into the basin. We followed.
Those qualifying as expert shots and their scores are as follows:
Wolverton, William B. Molyneux, William L. Coe, Charles M. Brock, John E. Ewing, Paul B. Bassett, Charles E. Shealor, Walter H. Reed, William B. Poehlman, George
93.5 91.2 89.1 88.9 88.6 87.6 87.3 86.8 85.3
Fort Knox, July 5—^Yesterday, which was Sunday, the 4th, some of us boys decided that we’d like to take a hike through the Fort’s “no-man’s-land” to hunt for hunks of bullets.
So, we climbed into our high boots to protect us from the rattlesnakes which might be more than a rumor, and drove out to the range in Jack Vanderford’s car. Out past O. P. No. 4 we had to leave the car and proceed on foot through some country that nature played the devil with.
Below it was as cool as it was hot on the summits. And it was beautiful. The stream made a pleasant sound as it fell into the clear pool at the base of the falls. The trees, bushes and ferns added to the picture. The overhanging rocks framed what could be seen of the sky in a lovely setting. Help. Help! And then Springman pulled a bright one. “I’ll follow anybody who jumps across that pool.” No one would take his dare, so with an “I’ll show you guys,” he j'umped. He didn’t do as poorly as I had anticipated. He landed feet first in the middle of the pool. I had expected him to sit down in it. After that we did some real mountain climbing to get out. Springman swam back to the car in his squooshy boots; the rest of us walked. Back at the barracks, we spent the rest of the day in showering, cleaning mud laden boots,! and polishing up our trophies.
When I fired my problem, I wondered where some of the shots could have gone. A pair of field glasses can’t bring the terrain as close as my short stature, and dut where the shells had been landing, I found a million and one places a shell could land without a trace to the observer at the 0. P.—in fact, I fell into them.
Find Scary Things Vandertord, Carl Yngve, Gil Springman and I combed all the gulleys and washouts in the State of Kentucky (at least that’s what my feet told me later on) and we found some things that sure scared me.
Shrapnel balls by the hundreds .50 caliber machine gun bullets as big as my thumb and longer, .30 caliber rifle and machine gun slugs that looked vicious even in “death,” shrapnel cases and fuses, H. E. fragments, and a lot of pieces of 37mm. shells.
Those 37mm. fragments had me worried. They break into thirds, and those perfect thirds lying on the ground look a lot like the “duds” we’ve been warned about.
Take It Away Incidently, blond Walter Wood found and toted one of those duds the other day, just after we’d all been warned about them. Captain Hayford saw him, let his jaw drop, and said, “Take that thing and
Every Little Bird Will Tell You
That the best place to have your summer suits cleaned and laundered is the West Side Cleaners.
July 10, 1936 On the hottest dance night of the year, 100 persons dance to phonograph recordings in faculty lounge and adjoining veranda of the Union Building.
West Side Cleaners
DialAOSl Delivery Service Northveateni at Vine
Don’t go around with
shabby looking fenders —we have an expert way of straightening them out so that you can’t even tell they’ve been bumped. Even bad fenders can be fixed to look like new—saving the cost' of a new one.
Our charges on this, as
well as all other repair work, are exceedingly small.
24 Hour Service
Peter
Anderson
Phone 4048
6th & Alabama
WBAA
—SATURDAY
H too—Just Kids. 11 ;80—Guest Program. . 12:00—Market Reports. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:80—Footnotes on the HeadlinesMr. T. K. Noss. 12 :46—^Vocational Guidance. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:80—^Tune Time—Charles Powell.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
llOVi Vina West Lafayette Phone 4965
Knight Named Head Of New Department
y
Dr. Frederick B. Knight, professor of education and applied psychology at the University of Iowa, and an outstanding figure in the field of education, has been named director of the newly-formed division of education and applied psychology at the University, it was announced yesterday by President Edward C. Elliottt, president of the University. He will assume his duties September 1, in tim6 for the opening of the regular academic here.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
GANTNER WIKIES
WIKIES GvaMMftfc.
You won’t experience the real pleasure in swimming until you have a pair of Gantner Wikies.
vGantner’s are known for their • Smartness and style
• Comfort • Quality
Hi-Boy $1.95
Lo-Boy $1.95
Bo’Sun $2.95 Wikies $3.95
You will find just the model and color in the wide selection at
DEWEINTER’S
416 MAIN ST.
LAFAYETTE
--IrasMn, a, Q boi.,p,,rt--coolto9 0. d«w. A MfraiUng pidbHW-up for mld-ofter*
noons
, Ipi ih» tamoun long««<*^
• $1.60 0* *^®
518-520 Main St.
DECKER'S
Phone 6477
I'l
fi 'ia” L
iWiiiiiiiwttiiiiii