3
f IT'filial \ K i
'f.uLifih\ ;
'" < ‘"’•i.ii «'t. “’^j" j, ,
“®*!S
(ft.'S'V ^ i‘ '
!! j c
SSI
HiflP
''■*" ^ f > p.5 *
'vt L ' ' '■
I ^ ^ ^■l■^»"j ‘■—■'■Ill' Jl', .‘■■■('■I ■■" !'■•
^ VOLUME XLVll
•"> , '''I"I" .''" I, ;
City Services WaiBeHeld
WiO Honor Peace And War Hero^ At Memorial Ceremonies Services at the Jewish cemetery on MonteUore Street for the Heroes of Peace will be conducted on the second annual Memorial Day program held under the auspices of the Tippecanoe Ministerial Association. The program will include an address by Prof. G.'.H. Graves, of the University, and music by the girls’ chorus of Lincoln school. Floral offerings and eulogies will be made honoring the heroes of peace^police* men, firemen, laborer, railroader, and the inother. J--'-■>''P':)v..Salute:i^^ : M the, faring sijuad^^^^'^^ the; American Legion will honor the memory of those soldiers who have died in war. Following this ceremony will be a service for the peace hero^.i Members of the American Legion, fire department, and police department will participate in the services. • Tfanspprtation to the cemete;^ 'mil be provided from the end of the Owen Street car line, ,
NUMBER 10S
Yale Plans Change In Qualifications For iPhi Beta Kappa New Haven, Conn. (NSFA)-— Discussion of revising requirements for membership in the Yale Chapter of Phi Beta Kappa has aroused national interest; The proposed change has been made by an nndergraduate committee ^hich has submitted ah amendment to the chapter constitutjioh: 'w^ch would make; general achievement more important than high marlm. This committee proposes that prior consideration be given ‘*to averages, but due regard to such factors as difiicolty of course taken and the quality of preparation for college . . . and the improvement, in grades since freshman year.”
tw h nn A «tf *1 Ho<;kema.To Attend Manch^stei* Fete Prof. Frank C. Hopkema, assistr ant to the president, is representing the University today at the silver jpbilee celebration marking the anniversary of the presidency of Dr. Otho Winger, of North Manchester College. Dr. William LoWe Bryan, president of Indiana University, will, deliver the main address. An academic parade will be held and a banquet will follow the'services. DeMolay Meet Here June 12 Local Chapter Expects 300 To Attend Annual Conclave With approximately 300 represent tatiyes of the 37 Indmna chapters of the Order of DeMolay attending, the tenth annual state conclave will be held at the University on Friday and Saturday, June 12-13, with the local chapter as host. Highlights of the program include presentation of degrees Friday eyehing and a special ball on Saturday night, ■with Kenny Ebershoff'si orchestra pilaying follo'wing a special banquet in thb ballroom b^ the Uiudh Building. Elections of officers in the state gimnd chapter •will take ptece on Saturday morning, Chapter Members To Compete During the meeting, the chapter membep will compete in various sports' for a special trophy to be awarded by the local chapter of Delta Sigma Lambda. Any student who is a member of DeMolay may make a reservation for the conclave by calling Bob Bortbn, local master councilor. •
Examination Schedule
Seniors! Get
W^SGA lists
’"Examiimtions will be held in the Same iMomsinwhicbithe divisions regaiarli^treoite.; THURSDAY^ffid^ M, 8-11 A. H. Ciourse Divisiohs Boom AgOhlOS • AE 21 ; • A® ,180 •-•••..■■.■.♦.••..mAlII,.,,,,^ AES 248 .,-AU Ag 103 AH 21 ah.... * AH 118 All..:, •
LeclN4<S0 :
H(!aV;,208
Chem 4 Ed 201; ■—E *1. .Cr-.-iOl Efe 12 EE 264
:Ed-m:>_;yar:,:yAir ‘
Ed :178
EE 12
■'EETvi7',;.i.-...i.'...«:-i-iiiAfl! EngM0;:i.:..,l..;;;.:uAL;:: Engl‘:14-'..,...;..,„_:,;...AiC: Engl ,10 i...v_A
EnglHlO Ent 202
105
Ppr, SI
:Eav2o8
EE129 SG’lit
UnW 102
Math' U
,:MathKli^;', ’MEj'91,.i.,v,..j
ME 93
MB121
ME 128... :ME:21S..
MM .2
PE 32 Phys 112
•■rWv
Ed 2025
GE 108
GE 108.,.
GE 108
(GBllO.;.
Gov 9
HA 14a,:. His t ll 7 . Hist 122 . ;Hbrb21i:;.;; Math 1..; Math's^..; MB242.., ME 66 ... MM laP;.;
PE 86
PEW72> Phair 80a Potil llO
... Phya 202
...AJl.;
,..i.All.. .....a:..... MB 101
™uAn.
.
EA 208
„.-Alfc;n .. ..... ...n:.
.:lPerio4--8 ■'
THURSDAY. MAY 28. 1-4 P. Mt. JC Divisions' " Room
EE 120
!..Aiir
yjAur
...-All:.. Period 9
FRIDAY. MAY 29. 8-11 A. M. ^ . Divisions - . Boom a—..:..',', SCvili' 13^..,. -AH ■» 106 ..AIL Ed 201 .....All CB 201 1 . ... i AlEl .::-; .HE 107;i08i ?t09; A.C.D ME 108 ♦ - B SO 14 5 All Ed 208 118 jb: J6 am: 2 .V. ........AUl
186 :
I-
2 .Y,Z.BB,AB,AD... 4ZC“!'ZZ!;a3K 2 AlL:i..;iMB 301-312 EE 264 ■ ■■■■:; V'P^eri.m : FmuAVi ^may-28; ::i,44P.:M;. ::_Divi8i0^''.',' r '.',.-RioojM-,
CE 201 Heav:.202 Hear 109 Z: Ed 101 ..: SC 211
Seniors who desire extra five cent announcements may get them after tomorrow at the Union desk only, from 3:30 to 6:30 o’clock. The five cent invitations are a^ilable today at the desk. The committee requests that all seniors call for the programs which they have ordered.
si^S
Heav 202 Ed'ibl
ME 108
.... SC 14 Hbrt 202
Opv* L, Dpvey Cuts Miami JJ. Budget Oxford, Ohio.—(ACP)—As a re suit of the veto by Gov. Martin L. Davey, of appropriations amounting to $76,900 for 14 items in the tiniversity budget, Miami University finds itself without funds for library books, numerous kinds of supply, equipment, repairs, and wages for student assistants and ground workers. '' ■ According to W* P. Roudebush, secretary of the board of trustees of the University, who said the school was without authority to incur expenses on credit, Miami will simply have to do without these services and supplies for the present. ’‘It 'wiir paralyze the operating and educational activities of the university,” W said.
DdPalnia To Speak Oil WBAA Today ■ Ralph DePalma, long a world fa mpus race track difiyer, will interview several pf the cpntestimte of the Soap Box Derby held here last year. The inter'view is to be oyer sta, tion WBAA at 12:30 today. Among those boys "who will be intefvie'iyed are Billy Heath, winner, and Warren Thompson^ 'runnef up of last year's Contest; Plans fof.a similar contest are be ing arranged this year by the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce. The contest will be staged on North Grant St. hill in West Lafayette. Several hundred boys are expected to enter the contest. The winner will receive a trophy and be sent te Akron, Ohio, to participate in the national competition. .
sc 14 EA 208
HE 109 HE109
HE 108
....An..
. ME 207 :'Phys-2b2
EA 208
-Ne-
DePauw Greeks Gorge Graund Glass Qreencastle, Ind.^—(ACP) body knows exactly how it happened, but pue day last ^eek members of Heita Theta and Delta Chi fraberni|ies at DePau'w Uuteersity he^ hud hamburger Und ground glass for Iuncb,( SUrj^ons ad'vised a diet of castor oil and cotton, and there were no fUtalities.
Pennsylvania Gets Gregoa Mendel Plants Philadelphia.—(AqP)^o the scientific collections of the University of Pennsylvania has been added one of the few remaming duplicate specimens of dried plants propagated by Gregor Mendel while he wUs determining the la'ws of inheritaUce tl^ now bear his name. The gift has come from the mpnastery of the Angustinian Fathers in Brno, CzechbsIdvUkia, where Mendel carried on his researches. It was presented to the Uniyersity at the mW-year conyqcation last. we^. The specimen, a pea plant, well preserved diespite its 70 years, is about eight inches high and includes the stem with seyeral leaves and flowers. It is moUiited undU^ glass inscribed with the seal 6f the , nion astery. ""
Tl^eta^i Theta Chi announces the pledging of Fred McNaiightem Freemont.
DEBRIS CONTRACTS
4^one whb has hot paid for his pphteget must do uo beforp ^Upii^y, SL OF be reported to the dean’s offi9e. The Debris office •will be open every day frpm 4 till 5:8,0 o'clock. •gquld.,,
Author States Intelligence ts
Denton, Texas. — (ACP) — “Go Greek.” ; That was the advice given students of Texas Stete Cpllege for Women by John Erskine, author aUd Columbia University professor when he addtessed them on “The Mpral Obligatipni tp be Intelligen't’ v “Oxxr first mpral pbligatipn is tp see intelligently the situation before us in which ive must act, Und halving intelligently chosen the path of action, our second obligation is to act,” Erskine told his audience, citing the teachings of thp ancient Greeks and poiUting out their modern applicar tion. ■ Number One “Intelligence should be almost number one of the virtues,” he said. “We inherited the Greek way of thinking Us it comes to us through science, but the Greeks applied their attitude to all of living.” Dr. Erskine urged the use of intelligence and truth in art “until the division between the arts and the science has disappeared.” “Nothing excuses you in science from Imbwing all tiiete is tp know about a thing; ! •want to •write a novel baving AfiglpiSaxCn emphasis on character arid the modern obligation tp be intelligent,” he'^id.
NYA WORKERS-
WhcopsipV^VieeeipeS! Award From France Madison, Wis—(ACP)—In recogriitibn of tlm hi^/Stanfiarb^^^^ tained at the iqrii vj^ity bi Wi|^nsin MaiSon |’ran^i8e,qldestpi'ganiaatipp of its kind in the United States, the Freribb gbyernmenit has authprited a gift tp the 6,S0O francs ($416). Rene Weiller, French consul at Chicago who was instrumental in obtaining the awaydr deblayed the Wisconsin. sbetetF, the hf st j^eribhspeaking group he had seen in his tpri years in the United States,
Manhattan epBege Paper Attacks Al Smith New Yb^j:^(ACP)—Bemmse Uri article in “THa Quadrangle”, weekly student pubUi^tion at Manhattan College, denounced Alfred E. Smith for turning against President F. D, Roosevelt, the idsue of last week was suppressed and destroyed by Brother Patrick, F. S. C., president bf the college, who seized all but
aborit 200 copies.
The artideHtroi^gly condemned Smith’s Liberty League speechNin; Washington, arid was uniqqe in the hiPtory of the paper, whiph has here-, tofore let con^versial politics
i
May checks should be ready for delivefy about June l5tH; If you do riot interid to be in Lafayette at that time leUve a self-^ addressed stamped erivelope with the cashier. boddbn. ■.
RoSs To^sl^ Inspect Campus T'wenty-pne boys und girls of the Ross te'wnship school of Lake county, were yisitprsliere pin the campus Tuesday afternoon. This group, accompanied by Miss Irene Richman visited Turkey Run on Monday, and bn their •way back spent : Tuesday morning visiting Wabash College and then Purdue in the af terrioon.
WPE To Offer Sport Casses Archery^ Swimming, Tennis WiU Be taught In Summer Session Classes in swimming, tennis and archery will be taught by the department of physical education for women during the summer school session. Miss Marion Russell will be in charge with Miss Helen Ellis as her assistant. Nbw to the campus mil; be Miss Syifiriner, a y^it^ ■ She has taught at the Uriiyersity of Cincinnati and the Uniyersity of Kentucky, At present she is imeharge of the physical education department At Gulf Park College, Gulfport, Mississippi. Miss Skinner ■will teach courses in organization and admin’ istration of physical education, methods of teaching health and phy-i sical education^ aiM techniqite. ■■ - Throughout the summer the poPl will be opened oriiMohday, Wedhesiday and Friday ^riirigs for mixed recreational swimming. Salem Will - Here'Todliy: Approxiriiately 75 boys studying ivbcatibrmi apiculture in the S^leiri high School 'toU visit the Uniyersity today arid tbriibrrbw oh the aririuai top of inspectipri made hYthe class iff pm that school iri chafp of Wi C;: Brariamari, vpcatibrial toacher. The entire pbup of visitors, Which •will travel in four buses, will be tolote'^ over the cairipuS and bdj^ farms by Hrof. G. M. Fnbr and Wi F, Graham, A special pfopanot has b^ri plahnbd fbr ’the penifig.;
Religious Education ^ B^iDiOMorship r. Chattanooga, Tenn.-:-( AGP)—Religious education is the last barrier between America' and fascism or communism, in the opinion of relipous leadps pthrite^ f or a pi^o-
Egry Chpsen To^l^ad Gouuty’s Furdue 0uib At a supper meeting of the TippecanpPi Cotirity Ppdue club recently, C; R. Egry, ’22 patoate and an insteuctor in the mechanical eiiginbefirig school, was chpspn pesiderit. Dr, Frederic^ A. Lpbp, '28^ was eleped; vice pesiderit; Missl Heririetta S. Ball, ’15» secretary, arid Mite Gertrude M. Barnes, ’94, treasurer, OberUnTptidldPeaice Institute June 12 To 2$ Oprlin, Ohio.—(NSFA)—Oberlin College wiU be the scene of a "peace institute for college arid university students from June 12 to 25
thpyear.. -Z
SporisPred by the University of Akrbn, Baldwin-Wallabei Case SchbPl, DeriisbnU.vCoilepof Wobster, HiraP Cbllege, Chib Wesleyan,
Freslimaii Orientafioii Committe«bi8liilbNeW
Originatiag R sew meritor plan for next year, the freshman orientation committee, sponsored Iqr W. S. G. has selecttel the mentors for nmet year. The announoement of the following girb for freshman mentors was made last night by Jeannette Scudder, chairman of freshman mentors: *- . Jean Bailey, Ernestine Brown, Jan Burch, Martha Cassell, liDirda Cleweriger, Betty Coit, Catherine Ann Cromer, Tune Denny,' Sforgareb Dicks, Mary Dix, Betty Elstun, Irene' Feldt, Betty Ann Florer, Charlotte Forman, Rosemary ' Frick, -Mary' Hammond, Peggy Hamilton, 6eor’~ gia Halstead, Thelma Hamlin, Caroline Hesler, Esther Holtman, Kathryn Hochstetler, Georpana Huber> Jeanne Janousek, Margaret F. Jpep Jteri Kspteaan, Dbtp KleiniZ Mary AMce Learning, Mary Jean Light; June Lippert>.Marjorie Loms,: Dorothy Martenet; Mary Alice Masters, Janet Martin. Mary Frances McQueen, Bet^ Hayes, Florence Hester, Katiiryn Hilton, Mary Hurych, Edna Hutson^ Culotta Holden, Aline Marshal, Roberta Meguiar; Frances Merritt; laL; lian Murphy, Margaret Nrison, Jeanette Nibpp Fay, Peridpgrateq Geof giana Pittinan; Elizabeto Ppte;'; Lorene Ristow;SA.to Mae garet Richey, Martha Reed; Millicent Ruchti, Virpnia Slocum, Betty Ann Stewart, Jean Small, LouiseChafer,: Dofbtoy^strPrigCT' l^mberlake, Kleanbr Tprief i MpyTownsend, Jane Thombrough, Ruth Wiley, Mary Wien, Mildred M^; Martha Walker. *Dransf«r Mentors Mai-garet Dimmick,'chairman of' 'the topster studerite; hite fiiwf hp ; mentors the following co-eds: Betty Baur, Mary Bell, Barbara Harrisbn, Regina Kelly, Sally McKee, Doris ^Capney, Ellen ^ Mpri, Ipdrie Peters, Bettie: Painter; Milpp' Rhodes, Virpnia Richards, and Lou-: ariria : Thompson. Thb^sblecttori bf ; these girls'wp naade Ip a %ecibl' group headed by Jeannette Scudder, aftPspetoloppPeethpsandpps<mP iritepiewb whh tlPguflsZ :, Meetirip of both of these grprps ■will be held tomorro'w at 4 oMoCk. The freshman mentbrs will meet in the fa^PtyTbririge, and the trkfisfefci studerit irientPrS 'Will mebt in the S. 6.-Ai'bfficer::.
f
'MM ■
I
Arizdm State Wints in iiUe^Fa>i^R0fC ^nit
slum at the University of Chattan-j U. p Toledo, ObeMri arid Temp; Ariz^(ACP)—Petitte
ooga here. Jewish, Protestapt, and Catholic representatives were unariimous in declaring church training for the young of paramout importance, ;r \ Equally inaprtant, in the bpiriion of representative clergymen, is the progressive trend in the churches. Social and economic ,as well as religious problems, must be considered,
they say. .
Funeral services for Mrs.'Frankie Grace Brewer, wife of Professor P, H. Brewer, of the agricultural chemptosr tecultgr, vp p^ h^ morning at 10 o’clock at the residence. / " Mrs. Brewer succumbed yesterday noon )^ter a thirteen weeks' fight against heart trouble and complications.
Carnegie Endowment , fpr Peace, courste will p’ bffered bn the pblitical and sbeial terises bf war,- the economic causes and consequences P vrar, ’an rtepuf ces f w ppp.
Edwpd E^ D:^e, C. E./24,
Fubli^es BuUetto
r
irifr for an R. O; T. C. «ppa bepp ipQ.months ago by militaristic students at Arizona State College here ps lapsed into quieti defeated by the letprgie attitopofia^^i^^ b^ the student body. ' The uriitowhteh wouM pvb b<pi non-compulsory, was boosted by pe* tibri-cirbttlritiH^;;to^t^
Eprard E, Dye, C. E. '24, asscici-
ate potessP P civil enpneming; (>miin ona Oiils
Mptona $tate College Bozeman,
MPtep, is fbetortPr P
pribfispd^ brillPin bh the suhipt “Karthqpke .Resisting Structures’**
■American Commons club announces the pledging p J. N. Fra*
sip, Danville.
fTo Visit CJai^BS 5 Ab^ Sfi ri^^ county Purdue dub •will come to the day visiting about the campus. W. J. Henoch, secretary of the club, is in charge of arrangements for the 'parl^' " ZZ',;;-;;
ponent will be published. Tbe dates p the issues ate ^tnv* day. May 80. and Tinwday, June
L. D. McCoy Resigns Post On University Staff L. D. McCoy, engineP on the p sical plant staff of fihe Upversiiy for the last ten years, bas tendered: his resignation, effective May 31; arid on June 1 heYvill become engineer for the Monteritb Gheinibal Company, at St. Loms, it was ari’, nounced yesterdays He will move his family to St. Lops Within a tow days; L, ■
, *’ w., •' '5^' ' i iAesodote £ditoTB.~„K. A. Baniette. J; R B*ock, A. H. Forate)?, E. P. Manion^ C. L; Sadler ||V»i^ and Blwk RditorB. ■ l-.i-Genelve Sexson^ S. M. Truitt
Bporta Fdltor.
Awociate Sports Editors.
BusinesB MaiiaKer__.....— Loeal Advertising Manager. National Advertising Mani^er. Circulation Manager...
Editor. Associate Editors. Advertising Manager.
WOMEN’S STAFF ..Jeanne Janouseic, Efaris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke ..,.;.Betty Barnett Thursday, May 28,1936
Issue Editor--
BelireEds
Apathy Or Comnioii Sense? Purdue is noted for the lack of organized demonstrations by students, a condition which now seems to be rather prevalent on other campuses. The average outsider will commonly attribute this to an apathetic attitude; many students say it is because they are overworked; but we believe that it is due to the unusually large amount of common sense which characterizes
the student body.
From other schools we are constantly hearing of strikes against many things—-instructors, f aculty rulings, expulsions -—to name but a few. Of course, the faculty here is not so radical as to flaunt its authority in the face of the student body, but even SO there are often things to which students might react very unfavorably if only they were sO inclined. For example, the dishonesty case which was so widely publicized at the start of the semester might have been the occasion for a student uprising at a school with a different spirit than Purdue; Ibus we are inclined to differ with those who call it indifference, and instead ascribe it to common sense. The authorities, too, display common sense in cooperating with the student body when necessary and in being as fair as possible in their decisions. - ^
Training Hints
With a strenuous schedule facing the football squad nert fall, a few suggestions On methods of training are pertinent. The boys might even get in condition during the summer months by following these proposals. First we would advocate the purchase of a set of “musclebuilders”, such as are advertised in almost any of the cheaper magazines. A few more inches of chest expansion and larger bicep muscles would stand the gridmen in well for a rigorOus season. If the more elaborate equipment is found too costly, inexpensive booklets illustrating ways of developing athletic capacity with simple apparatus can be obtained. - We would put an end to this nonsense about smoking during the training period. Many of Our greatest athletes tertify that certain brands of tobacco keep them in tiptop condition for competition, steady their nerves, aid their digestion, and do not at all injure their wind. What could be more bracing for the nerves just before the starting whistle, or more “lifting” at the end of a whirlwind half than a cool, pleasant smoke? The quarterback should choose a brand that would not injure his voice for barking si^als^. The water bucket would also be abolished under our plan of perfecting athletes; of at least its contents would be changed. Why use a liquid so impotent and so unappealing to the gustatory senses as water, when stimulating beverages can be used cheaply? When resting pauses are called, the “beverage” boys
Some of the football irieh may object to these training practices on the grounds that they have been exercising them for several years and have noticed no improvements. Don’t be discouraged, boys, you have either been using the wrong articles, or you haven’t consumed enough of the right brands.—R. P. M.
Once she told me What she used to say, “The longest way home Is the sweetest way.” Today we don’t care Where we have to spark, Nor how long is the road If there’s room to park. Lostline. SLEEPS, That flunk in the . DAY Jake Browning: “Do you ever talk in your sleep?” Prof. Shreve: “No, buti often talk in other people’s,” . FAMOUS LAST LINES . after studying all the derivations, they didn’t ask a single one on the final. CHOICE NEWS ‘Fielder’s Choiw” has taken Ms choice ... to quit writing for this
year.
, neetz Blanche is a Kernel to us but she’s the Nuts to most boys. FINIS ^ Speaking of nuts reminds us that we were supposed to have one “crack” in the colyum. If you can find the “crack” you are better than we are...
CO-EDITS
Because pf the increasing demand for women instructors in physical education, the University has enlarged the curriculum in that field for the ensuing, year, A new state ruling has been passed recently allowing only women to teach girls’ gym classes in high schools.. Previously in some high schools, coaches and men instructors taught ,both boys and girls. This new ruling necessitates an increase in the number' of courses in the department of phy-
READERS’ OPINION The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
Dishonesty TotheEditor: Not many semesters end without dne or more cases of liis honesty in final examinations. The severity of the penalty seems to have little to do with the amount of cheating. Each perfiipn who tries the use of a “crib” thinks he has a scheme which will work. If he anticipated being caught he would not cheat. Since he expects not to be detected, hp gives little thought to the final outcome. Without regard to moral and ethical considerations, cheating in tests and examinations is a pfactiis^to be avoided for one’s own sake. A few considerations follow:'^ 1. The student who resorts to practices pf this sort is not a credit to Purdue University. 2. He cannot afford to have such a blot on his University record. 3. He cannot afford to have, those who are in a position to boost for him lose faith in his dependability, ■■ 4 -- • - ■■ - ----- employers to learn of such an'act. ' i 5. He niust live with himself—he cannot afford to feel himself to be a cheat. He cannot afford to lose his self-respect. It tends to rob him of poise and self-confidence, 6. One’s mental processes cannot function properly when his attention is devided between watching the instructor and concealing^ the “crib”. 7. Tbe chance of improving a grade is small. 8. He who disgraces himself disgraces his parents and his tlnivcrsity.—^Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman, committee for pn^otioh of student honesty. ^ It is npt in the mass of a country’s wealth that its prospef^ty consist^ but in ffsdistribution.----Sismd
' "
the blood of patriots and tyrants.—rJefferson.
EXTRA yAUDEVILLE REEL
COMEDY--NEWS TODAY ONLY
MAKS
A new one-year course embodying the theory and practice of gymnastics, playground games, and folk dancing will be given With one .Credit for each semester. The material taught is primarily suited for younger age groups in school and recreation programs. No prerequisites are necessary, and credit will be given to those taking only the first semester tif this Course, Miss Helen Hazelton, head of the physical education department for women, suggests that girls interested in working with young people take this course, even though they are not planning to teach. It will be of great aid to those co-eds who, at sometime in the future, will do work in 4-H clubs, children’s camps, play-
Trip!® XXX wishes to thank each and all for their patronage. Farewell and lots of luck, Seniors., ... BEET
FRIDAY - SATURDAY T
C O L UMB I A PICttlRE,
SO STEBSI, JOO d&eSiriED emm m tme DRiiMmtfc MpSICm^ ESfMIIYIIGJIMZA!
HARRY CAREY in 'Lasf ®f the Clantons' also ''Custer's Last Stand" anfi POP-EYE CARTOON
TODAY - FRIDAY , - SATURDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
OmWS'oL
Neglected souls crying out for a love that was rightfully theirs I
TOUiaiiy^
wrm mmms LESTEi MiEWS Henry Travers A PAiUMOUHT ncTUAE
Plus CARTOON NEWS
ALL SEATS RESERVED Mat.50e,75c Eves. 50c, 75c, $1.10 Tax Included Now On Sale Box Office Opens Daily at11:00A.M. This attraction will not be played in Lafayette again this season.
wetts vaRnPNBA brucb • frank morqan rANNIE BR0©E • RAY • NAT ■ |PEM®i.ST®N • HARRIET H®©T®R NALOJ»WEN and ERNES*^^ Tomorrow and Saturday Twice Daily; 2:15 and 8s15
UK
- -1
GainetoBeatSAE’s,S-2
Southpaw Pitcher Fans Tweli^e
By Dick Obenchain Ed Korty, Sigma Chi southpaw, held the Sigma Alpha Ep-
"H' ^ 1 Tl "ll IT* Football In Spotlight At Wisconsin
defeated the S. A. E.’s to win the interfraternity baseball championship, 3 to 2, Tuesday afternoon. Besides holding the S. A. E.’s to three hits.
13“
I-
by the strike-out routs and scored two of the three Sigma Chi runs himself. The Sig’s started the scoring in the last of the second, when Putze’s triple, the longest hit of the game, scored Hatfield' from first. Cromer knocked in Hayne for a run for the S. A. E.’s to tie the score ih ^ the ^ thirdv The Sig’s a^in forged ah#d in the f^ scored on jPutze’s mni^ei The S.' A.^ E/s cdme hack to' knot in, the fifth: by cembining a walk to Driesen, a single by Cromer, and en error by Phil Decker, Sig short, on Stibm’s grounder. FitialTally The gamd entered the sixth inning tied at two tallm^ "I^e S. A; El’S were held scoreleSs in this inning and the ^ig’s caine to bat in*the last of the sixth. Korty, first man up for the Sig’s, singled to right field. Hatfield singled sharply , to right-center and took second on the thrpw-in. Korty scored to end' the game as Todd tossed out Putze at first. v Putze and Korty led the Sig at^ tack with two hits apiece in three trips to the plate. Cromer was outstanding for the S. A. E.’s, collecting' two singles for thi^ee.
WAA Enters Eight In ^ National Archery Meet
W. A. A. is sending the names of eight girls and their scores to Boston to be entered in the intercollegiate archery match. The coreds entered in the contest listed in order of their scores are: Esther Holtman, Irene Boehm, Barbara Dobsonj Dawn - "Wilhoit, Plorrie Caldwell, Mary (Culp,jMj^garat Douglas: and Maty Hudson.
Grant Wins AlhCatn^ns Horseslioe Tournaihent
Banker, Beck Elected New IM
Andy Grant, Alpha Tau Omega, is now campus horseshoe singles champion by virtue of his defeat over J. J. Farkas in the finals of the allcampus horseshoe tournament in which thirty, contestants entered.
Final Mixed Sivim To Re Held Tomorrow: Night
—<05 they soy at the Beoux Artis—|gst plain Had ond Black down on the farm—BHck Red and Black-r.in Higgins' Americani Drawing
Inks. A gredt pair to draw to
i —or with. The sixteen Higgins'*
Colors give a full house that
CHAS. M. HI6<SINS « CO., Ine. S7f Ninth Si« Brooklyh, N. y.
HIGGINS'
American
bHAWlNG INKS
Because of the popularity: of mixed swimming, the pool will b® open tomorrow evening from 7:30 to 9 o’clock for the last mixed swim of this school year. Admittance in couples Only will be permitted.. With Miss Brady in charge, various informal water games will be played
throughout the evening.
New Badger Athletic Staff Striving To Put Grid Squad In Shape Madison, Wis.—(Special)—Football may be “out of season” at every other university in the country but it will be decidedly in the spotlight at Wisconsin, when the Badger squad goes on display in the spring game to be played at Camp Randall stadium Saturday afternoon. Thousands of football devotees will take this, their first, opportunity, to look over the squad which Head Coach Harry A. Stuhldreher and his shaff—Bob Reagan, Frank Jordan and Fred Twomey—have beeh drilling fpr the .pust : month. The fans will be in the stands, seeking to assay the niateriali to gain a firstrhand idea of the Stuhldteher version of Notre Dame, football and to try to form an opinion as to how well the Badgers have assimilated the StuhMreher teaching. Divided The-Squad-Coach Stuhldreher and bis aides have divided the squad as evenly as possible in order to make the spring game a real contest. Following ah old Wisconsin tradition, the rival teanis will be called the Army and the Navy. Their game will be fought with all the fury of a real ArmyNavy battle because every memher Of both teams is fully aware that on his showing Saturday will probably depend his being invited to return September lO, as a member of the 1936 Wisconsin varsity squad.
Speed;
This contest will have more than the usual significance attached to a spring game because hohe of the coaching staff has ever seen a single member of the squad in actual coinpetition. Veterans and freshmen Will all be “starting from scratch” Saturday because j under the Stuhldreh er‘system, which emphasizes speed and smartness, there is no certainty that the boys who bore the burden of the “power football” system in recent years will hold their places un der the new regdme. “Every position on the 1986 team -will be wide open when we start, September 10,” said Coach Stuhldreher emphatically.
nagers
J. H. Banker, Beta Theta K, and J. E. W. Beck- Phi Kappa Sigma, were elected athletic managers for the intramural department for the first and second semester, respec-
tively, of next year.
J. W. Grennis, Tau Kappa Epsilon, and C. C. Clifton, Delta Sigma Lambda, were chosen sophomore managers for the first semester. H. C. Boyer, Beta Theta Pi, and M. F. Taylor, Alpha Tau Omega, were named sophomore managers for the second semester, and R. G. Peterson, Phi Kappa Tau,Cwas named alter-
nate sophomore manager.
R. M. Knepple was named senior manager for ward intramural ath-^ letics. E. J. Kosowicz and H. E. Grieger vsrere chosen junior maiiag ers."','':: ..’.'V'V.;:
Contest-, PM DelPs In Third Position
in
and a half points behind the Phi Psfs. v
The Phi Psi’s collected many
TEP’sWinTwo Tennis Titles
Tugwell To Remain In Roosevelts ^^Braintrust^
SUBSCEIBE FOR IHE :EXPONENT.
New York^(ACP)--Df ,B^oi^ Gby Tugwell, No* L iridn in President Roosevelt’s group of'‘brain tr^;^ters’^ will retnain in the administration for at least One year mdfej it was indicated this week when Columbia tJniyersity, at the request of the president, granted his application for an additioridl yeark leave of absence from his duties as eco-
nomics professor.
The young under-secretary of agriculture and chief of the Resettlement Administyation, outstanding social and economic reform agency under the emergency relief prograia, has been one of the main targets of anti-New Deal critics.
II 'll HIIII.JM1.UIIII
Make any style Of clothes. Imported and domestic woolens. Best workmanship.
H. BEHRENS 126 N. 6th St. Over Kiealy’s
M&wwue
I f^e ' :mOTTE:
In Lafayette It’s DEWENTER’S
who handle Arrow Goods
Annex Class “A” Singles, Class “B” Doubles Crowns
Tau Epsilon Phi won the interfraternity tennis championships in the eiass“A’’ singles and class “B' doubles. Leon Ggrdner^ Tha singles mah, d€^ated pttO :Bnent-' 'ing. Phi Kap^ Psi, in a well-fought match, 7-6, 6-2. Herb Moses and LionelBefris also; annexed a win for Tan Epsifidn Phi by dfefeating P. Hi Rogers and Ji Vitkle, Alpha Tau Omega’s, 6-2y fi-4: \
of their points by winning class “A” basketball, the interfraternity track and,held meet, and the relays. The Phi Psi’s were second in class «B” basketball, dass “A” tennis singles, and class “B” doubles. The Phi Kappa Psi’s collected 669 points. The S. A. E.'s had 664% points. The Phi Delts’ amassed 654% to take third place in the competition. The Phi Gam’s were fourth with 648 points. Phi Kappa Tau’s 64i points won fifth idace foir them.;; The tropl^ to be awarded to the Phi Psi’s is a bronze reproduction of dfi: alMeW mqumtCd <m a
base... ■,
- < :i W— I
Wesley Foimdatibn Picnic At TecnmSeli Saturday ’
Mrs. F. E. Smith Elected President Of Dailies Club
Mrs. F. E. Smith was elected president of the Purdue Dames club at the final meeting of the orgahiza tion held Tuesday afternoon at the home of Mrs, R. E, Nelson; Following the election of officers Mrs. Charles O. Lee gave a talk on “Flower Arrangements”. Mrs. Howard E. Enders and Mrs. G. A. Youmg presided at the refreshment table.
Wesley Foundation will hold its aimual Memorial Day picnic at Camp Tecumseh, Saturday. A steak fry costing 30 cents will be followed by farewell talks by the seniors during the campfire worship: service. Transportation is free and all students are invited. Those intending to go are asked to sign up at the Foundation House.
We Carry a FuR Line of Arrow Goods SOUTHWOR^ffS
Come in and see THE ARCHER
SOUTHWORTH’S Clotlamg
Satisfy both your appetite and xiocketbook at the
MPZI SANDWICH SHOR 213 Vine St. W. Lafa^tte
Risk Deiital CImic
PAUL A. RISK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. RISK . , LUTHER A-bisk: 400 Schnltx Bids. Phan* 0701 Corner 4th end Blain
Arrange to ship it off this June by your old friend Railway Express and when Cornmencement Day dawns, be fancy free to board the train for home. Anything — trunks, bags, hooks, golf clubs, cups, even your diploma— Railway Express will pick them all up on your phone call, forward them at passengejr train speed, deliver them safe and sound at yciur home. And it’s economical. Railway Express rates are low, and you pay nothing at all for pickup and delivery service. There are no draymen's demands, no tips, no standing in line, and sureness is made doubly sure by Railway Express’s double receipts, with $50.00 liability included on every piece you ship. Besides, you have the choice of iprwardihg your things either prepaid or collect, and they’ll be home as soon as you are. No other way of shipping gives you this kind of service, as you probably know, and to get it you have
9 So. Seooad St. Pbone zm . Lafayette^ Ind.
Oiir WaMmg Testimonial
When a customer of ours steps out in a pair of Friendlies we like to knoyr his feet look well—in case he’s asked where be got his shoes.
We take extra care on little points of fit—around the ankle, across the instep. These help make him a satisfied customer. Stop in and see our new line;—^you will be surprised at such values at $5.00.
Seniors
A photograph is an everlasting gift.
Six 3x4 Photos in folders and one 8x10 Silvertone
Railway Express
AGENCY Inc.
N AT ION - W I D R AH, - AIR 8 E R V I C E
PROOFS SHOWN
506 Main St. Ph. 74Q7
:: B E A C .: .■■■' HAS EVERYTHING for a ■ COLLEGE EDtrCATION ; .RCLBEl^R
I I
•C’ want pleasant, convenient firavid. at loweit possible c6d, ther^e ohW one answer. It’s Greyhound ! ^
UNION BUS STATION Edlb & Eammu CAwAaS* 9 WteStpg dnSeiS Phone; 2105
See file Ayteinobiie Races
And the crowd from the trl-motor Stinson May 30th. Call 4164, Purdue University Airport for raservatipn trips, 9:15 and 10:50 A. M., 12:00 M., 1d)0, 2:00 . eiid 300 P. M. We will take 10 people on a f lip.
.CaM JOHNSON " ' PSione
Milk is your best fbo^^ it’s packed full of nutri? tive eieinehts that your body needs. Rich in rninerals and Hdi in value, it’s bp^build^ sM &aetgy builffing.
’S DAIRY
Other Shoes at $3.00 and $4.00
B. & W, Shoe Co East Side Square THE 3Mmm FRIENDIY SHOE
Don't worry aboiit transportation to the dance.
At all times there is a Yellow Cab at your seivice.
'the thinking fellow calls a YellnW** Phone 5Ol|-30T^i
i
■mm
I ^ ^rm vlataTM fer ll.»
<W* Mdn «p]
Rembrandt Studio
Liune»Ri^e»Wferk^^
I^one 3S^
OR. A^ BL nOON D^lst
Kron Flats State sadl Mala ■'■Plioasaliifti':■:
after the show
stop in ter m bubeeBo or bonl of diUL
Manhattan Sandmch Shop
510 Main St
LAWN MOWERS
Msi
'Sho^bsuHl ':itiii':'':8iiii
- na^ :mow^; :Me8Si‘^sBi£««r¥8« i:- ; BenHHr.Moweira’sni M .. as» «aM Sw MS icil9i9S«d.- ^ ii . SOS"!! NMtfejmt&^stEwctv ;,-
>P»MO:88I»v 'i ■■■ ■:■,;.; ■;
Merchant Taflor SOTMainSL
asasaa
A “J«l 0F Atltllffli^
Typewriters, Addins MSt^oes^ For sale, rent, repaired and heught.
Multigraph and mimeograph ^work done..G. F. Ebershoff,^605 Main St.
Phone 2799.
Lost—^Brown suede jacket in Armory Wednesday afternoon, own er's name, Andrew Place, inside. If found call 2116. Reward.
Wanted—^Passengers tnNew York and Boston, leaving May 30. Call 3766.
For Sale—^Wardrobe trunk, in good tenditicn. inqi^^ 219'Ltttle^.^
passenger to ride to Cieyel^di pWp, June 7. Call 7293i( Johh'Munfc.^,
Sale—Peonies, 46c dozen. Moore’s Gblonial Market, 220 N. 5th.
Chamberlin’s Spedal For This Weefc"r-MSpIe ;Nut and New York. Qrder it^-it’s delicious.
at 8 :S0 Saturday aiomias ibr ass^niaent and'rehaaraal.’'
Senior BUlitary Stttdentwr</ainp equip, inent now ready £or ibsiie in Ambry supply.
room.'
Wantedv^tudent passenger enrOute to; Dallas.; Leave first week June.; Share expenses,, Phone 6404.
-HALLASt>
nMices
A. S. ai. B. SSesibers-^"Get, magasines. membership'cards. audBiliis in Prof. XiU^'s office. Keys are not available. ^-SHIBUHS.
Senior Military Stidenta-Credit given on law and policy manuals turned in to supply room on or before aiay 28. —HALLAM.
aj-EDITS-,,;'':.;,;.; (Continued from page 2) more time to the physicat^aminar tion. Another credit will be added to the course in advance perspnal puhlic hygiene so that regular instruct tion in first aid may be included. Miss Marion Russell, after having recently passed all the necessary teste, is #!slli®d, as a.lay Instruetor, to give examinations to juniors and seniors in the standard first aid course as set up by the American Red Cross.
being offered for co-eds in the field of physical education goes to further prove that the women are becoming more prominent ihtlm^t^ yersity,—^.:J,:'';.;; ;
Hospital; hl04es::
Homer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowcn' Itlain at 7th Phone «05S
Edith Whinery is confined in St. Elizabeth hospital with a case of appendicitis,
The condition of Mary Angermeier, also in St. Elizabeth hospital with appendicitis, is reported as fayorable.
S. B. Swann, 330 N. Grant St., is in the Hoine hospital for medical observation.
D. S. Mortenson,-of Cary Hall, is also in the Home hospital for medical observation.
Opal Etter was dismissed Tuesday from the Home hospital following an appendicitis operation.
Lu^fage
for fhe,;ll®m@-£bmlin0 anii ya^alyoM/Trlp';
4^,