,^i«.fr 1
5^ti
f s r
f ' *IjCi 1 / 1
Final Will
Worship Convo Feature Choir
Senate Announces Petitions Available For Sophs, Juniors Neff Sets Deadline For Next Thursday Petitions foi sophomoie and juiiioi positions on the Student Senate are now available in the Senate office in the Union Building any afternoon between 4 00 and
6 30 p m
Positions Distributed Sophomoies will be elected to junioi positions, one being elected fi om each of the following schools ME, EE, Civil and PSE Pharmacy
As a part of the Easter services, the University Chon, under the di lection of Albert P Stewait, will piesent the final numbei in the series of convocations :^or worship —the sacied cantata, “The Seven Last Words of Chiist,” by Theo dole Dubos—at 8pm tomoirow night in the Music Hall This pio giam will be free to all students, faculty membeis, and townspeople
who wish to attend
Choral Numbers, Solos ‘The Seven Last Woids of Chiist” IS a seues of choial num beis and solos based on the sciip tuies and lepiesenting the woid of meicy, of piomise, of companion, of loneliness, of suffering, of tiiumph,
and of confidence
Inti eduction to the cantata will be sung by Albeita Schmadel, and the fiist woid, ‘Pathei, foigive
T*
J
Established 1889
%px)^ne4it ^ Daily Since 1906
Volume 53, No. 157
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, April 2, 1942
UNION ELECTS DEUSTER PRESIDENT Electoral Members Also Choose Cosset, Haynes, Seeburger
and PE, Science, Ag ChE and Met them foi they loiow not what they E, and HE Also, the fieshmen that do,’ will be sung by Charles Powell aie to be sophomoie repiesentatives and William Moigan Maivin Smith will be chosen as follows foui fiom and William Rothenbergei will sing, the En^^lJcelIng Schools, and one “Verily thou today shalt bo with fiom each of the following schools me in Paiadisc the second woid. Science, Phaimacy and PE Ag and while “Woman, behold Thy Son” HE the thitd woid will be sung by Senate piosidont Joe Neff will Chailes Powell and Maijoiic Wil
announce election date within the liamson next few days All petitions foi More Solos
Senate positions must be i etui nod Pollowing these will bo the fointh to the Senate office bofoie 5 30 p woid O my I athci why hast m Thursday evening, April 9 No Thou loisakcn me' by William petitions will be consideied that aie ICennedy “I thiist' by Jim Chase tmned in aftei this date Also a and Alfied Ilubcit, ‘Eathei into tee of one dollii must accompany Jhy keeping I eommend my soul
Ralph Deuster
Bob Seeburger
Jeannette Haynes
Ken Gosset
each petition fo covei election ex
penses
Elections Each Senustei Because ot the new thiee semes tei yeai heie it the Univeisity the Senate has idopteel the policy of holding the elections loi its vaiious lepi esentative positions on a semes tei basis 'Ihit is, the elections foi Sen ite positions will be held each ^eincstei, howevei each menibei will be eligible Joi le election loi the suceeieling school teim Thus imeloi the pi osent plan the Sen ite will ope late on i lull ycai basis AWS Town Group Elects Ainsworth As New Chairman Ithfl Ainswoith w IS elected chaiiman of the AWS Town Giils OlganiZation at the meeting held ye&toiclay in loom olO of the Un ion Othei ofiieeis elected inelude Ruth rnei, vieeehinmin Iinct (ilatz seeretaiy ind Betty Ameis assist lilt seeie taiy Other Chairmen Committee chan men chosen in elude Jane Keim publicity Mai gaict Giaves and Dama Ii eland so eial eo chaiimcn Miij Lai son and Maiy Eaubtieh activities co chan men and Maithi Jane Zufall seiv ice Plans weie made foi an oiien tation piogiam foi freshmen town gills dinneis with W RII ind special luncheon meetings
by Maivin Smith, inel It is fin ished lopiescnting the seventh wen el ly Alheita Schmidcl R ly I 111 lid uid 1 Imei ( ulquist 1 he final ehonis Ihei We Aeloie 0 Savioi will conclude the pio lam Fastoi Sunelay the Conceit Chou will 1C pelt thiy cantata it the Bioadway Methodist Chinch in In ell inapolis Ihis is the fiist time 111 it the 2')0 voice en g ini/ation his e ve 1 been t iken outsiele ot West I ilayette to sing Picvious to the 7 10 p m SCI vices it the chin eh the entne Chon will be cntei tamed It i diimei by the Pioaelwiy ( lull eh
Gala Week Moved Up To May 12,3
Several Churches Will Start Good Friday Basic Military Devotional Services Tomorrow At Noon Cadets To Vie Screen Review Will For 3 Medals
Feature Seven Short Presentations Today
Services Divided Into Three Parts
On SiLindiy at tei noon stating at 1 p ni m thi Aimoiy ba ic ROTf Students will he given a chince to displ ly the knowledge ot initteis inilitny winch they have acquiud so iai in then com e it (he 1 niviisity 1 he ociasion is the Sc ibh n 1 11 1 PI idc' Le t Soldic'i
1 . , , ,, , ^^ ^ „ contest anel the paiticipnits uc shoit picscntitions will continue Chinch the Wc=t I ifayette Baptist , i i t , ,11 , , 1 , ^1 1 ,1 n > , ,1 ' sophomoie 111 1 licshniin mil the s'lowm,, ol its second scmcstei Chinch the Wesley roundition the , , i ,
Seieen I eview the legulai Ihuisdiy ittcinoon senes ol movie
I lom noon fo { tomouow litei noo 1 a (mod T i id ly Devotional Seivice will he lielel in the I list Metholist Chuieli ol West I il ly (tie (huiehes ind I ouiiel itions eo o)iciatnm with the T list Mclliodisi Chill eh 111 piisentni^ this sciviee lie the Univeisity PiosbyLciian
Ralph Deuster, junior mechanical engineer, has been elected president of the Student Union for the coming yeai, it was announced last last night at the annual Union Board Banquet held in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union
Other Officers
Othei selections made by the electoral board, which consisted of the present senior board. President E C Elhott and L M Vallely, Manager of the Union, were Ken Gosset, Men’s Executive, Jeannette Haynes, Coed Executive, and Bob Seeburger, Activities
Chau man
Deustei is a member of Phi Kappa Psi fiaternity, Tau Beta Pi, Pi Tau Sigma, Gimlet Club and Scabbaid and Blade. Gosset jiinioi mechanical eiigi> neei is a member of Phi Gamma Delta Haynes, junior economics student is a membei of Kappa Alpha Theta and Seebuiger, jumolr
University To Honor Classes Of '92, '17 In Annual Festivities Gall Weel lestniLies hive been movid iho id tl is yen to Iiiday Sitnidiy lid Sunday Way 1 2 and 1 to coinci I with f onnne net ment
Ixeicise it w IS 11 nounced list civil eiigmeei is a member of Delta
night by Phil lehn on m thiigc ot (mla Well jnlihcity tli scs ol 92 and 17 will he honoicl dining the
pio^iaii ind lepiesent iti\es of , , . „ those classes will be piesented with meetings
Upsilon
President’s Duties
The duty of the president is to
Alpha Zeta
agiicultiiial honoiaiy an iiounees the eleetiori of the follow ing office:s foi the next school yeai llowaid Dicsslin chancelloi James Aheinathy censoi Riehaid Dilts seiibc Blaine Ciowl tieasuiei Thomas Hobbs chioniclei
Commencement Announcements Seniors must place oideis foi comineiieeineivt aniiouneenients hv 1 riday, April 3 t 10 p ni at Deal s Soulhworfhs oi if the University Book Sloie Pi mi (cash when ordeicil) I tafher lie, (aidboiid Kie 1 oldcrs I or extra tickets send to (■ il i Week Coniinittee, in eaie ot the Student Senate Purdue Mimor lal Union West Lafayette In elude names and towns ol lliost you wish to have tickets, also st Ite relation it any —Gala Week Committee Prom Ticket Sales will continue today liom 8 i ni to 4 30 p m Seniors and jun 101 s may pm chase them todiy and tomouow and on Satuiday they will be mide a\ iilablc to ill stu dents The tickets aie sold at the Cashiei s Office foi 20 including tax ind all puiehaseis must pie sent then passpoits
ei les this ifltinoin horn ! until 1 in till Music II ill
Scien Movus
the lollewin shoi t sul jec Ls w ill
le ineludod in tiliys piogiam
Rod Men on P i ide i te chnicoloi
liaeoltalk it i 1 Oi in 1 5 10 Pun witli Sone s i eomniiinity ing at
10 1 16 in 1 3 ,-0 I ishin., I e
vei liom the Spoitlight senes it 1 20 1 26 aid 6 0 Ainei ican Spoken lleic Jiom the Passing P a ide SCI los it ' 30 1 26 met 6 to lunhit i Disney e a toon at 5 10 4 16 iiiel 6 60 News of the Day ato 17 ind 4 32 aid Un
usual Ciafts at 66 and 5 Passpoits ate absolutely neees siiy toi admission to this attci
noons pciloimanee The Gimlets Reameis and Student Union woik CIS at the dooi will admit no one without this means ot iclontific ition
Prof. H. J. Muller oi the English depaifmcnt
IS the iiithoi of a composite icview
Pinduc Ghiistian I mind ilion aid th Rogei Williims Chib 1 III Cl themes lie woisli)) seiv ec will le di VI led into thicc pe i lo Is e lel with ts own tlienic I leh will ineliidc hi inns sciiiitiiio leadings choial music mcdit ition and pei lo 1 ol m
tilross on
1 lie theme ol the list peiiod is 3o the Cio'^s ind its ipcditations will lx piosentod ly Di lolm W I indiey and Di I line nee Iladloy The medititions of the second pel loel whose theme is At 3 he CTOS', will ho given by Rev Hu belt Reynolds and Rev E R Balsloy In the thud pei lod Eioin The Cl OSS the meclit ition will be given by Rev Joseph Band Gloison ind Di Otto Scott Steele
Chous lo Sing
The Pm due Chiistiin 1 omul ition Qiiai tet iiiel the Baptist Chou will sing dining the seivicc Ihe oigaii I'-ts will be Mis 1 I Robei ts ind
Mis D C L oelie
Pei sons un ihlc lo lemiiii foi the entn e sei vice ii e iceiiiested to le we
ol thiec lecent hooks by Van Wyck dining the smgin., ot the hymns oi
I lay tilde 111
( onlcsls Sepal iled A ipii it< eonlest will lie held ioi loth lie hmin aid sophomoie contest lilts aid will eovei both
the tl iditional j ol 1 ind silvei ueofiiition iwiiels Re gist r ition M ly 1 Regi tuition will begin it 10 a m on Piidij May 1 ind will eon
piicfical nil thcoufieal ispects of Cnue thioiigh Satuicliy Iheii woik in the nilitaiy deput I eatmeel events on Iiiday will ment 3he contest will he conducted nicliide a \aisity baseball game be
and ) idj eel 1)\ incnibeis ot Seabbaid
aid Blade ito ^ Caheade it the I uldhouse Since the men fust le^isLeied in and the Annual Gila Weel D tnce the competition at the bepinning At 0 10 almniii and vauity lettci of the second sti lestci they have will gitbei it Lincoln Loelge
of the senior boaid The coeel execiiti\e acts as secietaiy to the president anel is m chaige of the management of all the Union coed work-
eis
The men’s executive is in of Student Union funds and manages the men’s staff and genital
been undei obseivation ind then eendnet on the tlooi will eiitci into the lesults of the contest Cl iss loom gi ides will not count Winiuis To Get Medals Thiee med ils will be aw iidcd the winneis of the eontest by the oi ini/atioii 111(1 all bisie students uo invited to piitieipiti
tween the Rivctei squad md Ohio Personnel The activities chairman
diiects all Union activities and the activities ot all junior vice presi-
dents
The positions which were held by the newly elected senior board during the past school yeai are as follows Ralph Deuster, chairman of tea dances and swing sessions; Ken Gosset, chaiiman of Riding Cltib; Jeannette Haynes, chairman of teas and leceptions, and Bob Seeburgeh, chaiimin of Music Room
Biooks John Ciowc II inson ind A1 len 3 lie appeiiing in the spi mg nmnbci of the Yale Review
Excitement And Turmoil On Campus As . . . L^ok Photographer Snaps Beauty Ou^eens Over T. Dorsey Week-End
By Ernest Nordlinger ~~ Lxeitoment ind tmmoil leigned thicigo whcie he w is photogi iph it Fowler Hall Monday night while mn\ eoneentiated
I ook maga/ine photogi aphei Fiante Insemts
Bauman stopped the eist and ciew
lelieaisal ol sn ij) Ann Ihiough hei 111 ly with
The Male Animal to Ostiandei lunnmg lake lake football Midwesteiiis loiniei
giidiion lieio Joe leiguson Ann
the natm il jil lee to stait lik in„ pielmcs w is it the Osti indei house wheie line ind Ann weic getting into then clothes ioi the Doiscj Convo Next e line lolin Petty dnving up loi fine At the
his one oi the le uling loles m the Bunn in snapped lloisie
Ihiie let (ilay which will open Apiil
11
Ihe 1)1 weel ly pietme maga/inc had been planning to lun i senes ot 11 tides on the Modem Woman in Wai 3ime ’ when an admiiei sent a snipshot ol Ann and Jane Ostiandei to the publishing office
Riley next yeai bisketball eo e iji tan liuyiiig de tense stuiips with
Ann
Solos On Doisej’s 1 romhoiu The dancing pie isme ot a nuniliei ot couples was mtci i united while lane did a solo on Doisey s liinous tiombone Did you notice Tommy s
Aftei teceiving pel mission fiom the surprise when he found lipstick on gills and the’Univeisity the maga the mouthpiece' It was getting /me sent then ice photogi aphei 1 ite by this time and like ill good and Miss Plelen Riesenfeld to se Pindiie coeds the Osti indeis obey eviie infoimation toi the college giil the coed deieiise horns So with an aiticle ol the SCI les This aitiele will illectionate goodnight Big lohn appeal in about thiee issues about einbi iteel and little lime le
the beginning of June spondee!
Doisey Airives 3oo Sunelay morning at the Sig Ep f Action became thick and fast house photogiaphing was lesumecl when Miss Riesenfeld hcaid that at 9 A pledge lan out foi the Jommy Doisey would be on the comics so lane could leid them campus Aniving lite last Sitm Dmnei was seived eaily so line day attoinoon she ioi mill ited plans eoiilcl get home in time to cook a quickly Bauman came down liom meal, as pei instructions in her
Home Feonomies cl isses Thei e w IS no slLid\in it the libian while the blmdiii,, lights liom the dish 1 ulbs toe k Ann ind line pie piling loi Mond ly s lug exim Fven the movie houses weie cn teicd this tunc it w is Joe Dawson I xpoiient isseenje sjioils cdiloi eseoitm,^ Ann info (he the ilei Fhologi iphs I iglil 0( lock Ann 1 il ai e If. lit o el lek on Me 11 (I i\ Di Beni s (hem 11 el iss wneie she c itches up on ske))ing Ol kmttni ind I i ink B uiniin w is theie with his e iniei i 1 hen he hm lied to Tines el iss in the ninseiv wheie she his liei pioblenis with the pioiessois eliildien Being ill aound Aniei le in coeds the gals have outside woik Fven though the 1 e WLi c no s lies Deac s will soon leeeive some lice jiuhlieity m I ook 3 hen the Iheti house tool i he iting 3 he en(,iie house w is it the scene while Joe isl ed Ann Joi the Piom elite Nitui illy it hid been planngd hotoie Moie thin 26 stengs will he sii ifipe d hei Ol e the ni ig i/ino i c pi e sentatives le ive this moining Yes tel d ly the Umve i sity itoni sm ishei posed w iLli the he iul\ (pieeiisancl spoits pietmos ended the dry
eh ling the oipan meditition at the close ot the fust oi second pe i lod
U. S. Forest Service Asks For Workers
Accoiding to woid locoivod by Di 1 R Mu tell bead of the foi e sti y dep a tment the U S I oi estiy Seivice is in need oi twenty mole husky students who would tike employineiit ioi thiee months is flic fighteis and ioi genei il loi est laboi when not fighting files 1 he b isic 1 ite ol p ly 1 oi this w ii 1
IS seveiiti cents poi lioui
Students leceiiting this t\ pe ol
w 011 11 e us
luge goveinment foiests in th Reel V Moiiiil iins ol the Noitlnvest noiLliim Idilio ei weslein Mon
I in I
M iny loiesliy st ide ids hive il leidy leccpted (his ti pe ol smn mei inqilovineiit hut m uiv nioie aie needed Anyone inteic steel is le quested to see Di Mil tell in the
IIoi tie ulUii il Bi ildmg
Airfine intterviews A 1 epresent itiv e ol the Ainer icin Airlines Companv will visit the eintpus on 3 lull sei iv Apiil 2 Come fo the Bersoniul Glliee and sign loi in inteivievv W ints to see Meihanieal Fngineers
foi the annual ‘P Mens banquet
Riveteis vs Ohio
Ohio State and Rivctei teams will el ish loi the second time m two diys in a vaisity baseball game
sc ledulod foi 10 a m
3 he cl ISS ol 12 will hold its an null flag raising Saluidig ind the class oi 17 will place a wreath on John Pm due’s giave Following the ccieniony ilmiini will adjoin n to Ross Ade stadium wheie Coach Elmoi Bin nil an Will pit the Golds against the Black team in the an null intia squid foothill game
Quadrangular Meet
I uitliei athletic entei taiiiment will bo piovided on Satuiday it 1 (Sec GAI A WEFK Page 1)
Exponent Staff There will be a meeting of all elected members of the Exponent staff at 4 p m Thursday, April 2 in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station. Members of the old senior staff are to attend this meeting. — \MOS
America’s Sweetest Trumpeter , . . Spivak Will Play For Prom; To Feature Garry Stevens
Bv All Hunfei
( haihc Spu il uid his oichostia qipe a m^ on the e inipus Joi the second liniG within the sjnee if six me nths will piovide the music toi lie usiullv sent to one ot the he 1 I III (he Unioi 1 illi e onis 1 i id ly
evening Apiil 17
lie I e Beioi e
1 he m in \vl ei pi lys the swee te st li limpet 111 l|ie woild liouglit his musical oigrni/ Uion to the Univei sit\ list Octohci 26 when they pliyeel len the iniiu il llomceoining
Dance
Coinnunls liom the student liodv illei the claneo voiihed the selee tions ol i,iuh music il tiade papeis aid ian niig i/ines is Down Boat Melionome Billhoiid ind Song Paiade —ill ol which le cl allied Spivil is the bind of the month O) the hind ot (lie ye a
Stevens I e itiii i,<l
le limed voe ill L with S|)ivi! s oichesti i is i 26 ye a old C ili foi 111 in n uiied G u i y Stevens whose n itm il style ol deliveiv his al ready won him accliim thioughoul the eonntiy Gniy auditioned toi Spivil it the (,len Isl ind Cismo a silent tune uo aid vv is signed on
Dolphins Will Hear Burnham Tonight Flmei Bui nh nil will spe ik it i liaiquet held by the Eolphin Club 11 ition il swimming honoi a y this evening it 6 10 in the old Chest nut
Re om ill tile Union
lire new ollieeis ot llie club will be loi ni illy intiodueeel it this bin quet which designates the close ol the swimming season Co leh Pip ingulh and Dick Ki it/ei c ipt an of the swimming te ini will vlso speak
All Dolphin membeis aie lugeel the s])ot
Garry Stevens
to attend
w ith the ( BS t itl 1 aid in \v ish iiUton D C ml held down i voe il spot on the W i hiiuton ( oluinbi i
outlet
Success \t littluieiug Betoie ouinuuig hu own land Spivak was one ot the nation s out stinduig tiee linee niusieiiiis eiin ing nioit with lus tuned tiumpet than tnlny te [) noleli hind leideis Duung those yeais Cliulit tiliycil
/(Pitviously Stevens had ippoued with such ei inee misleis is lomniy
and Jimmy Doisey, Ray Noble, Bob Ciosby and Jack Teagarden It was while he was playing with 3t igaiden that upon the suggestion ol Cjleti Miller, Spivak deci(|e4 to sti ike one with i band ot his own. Erily 111 lus new eaieei Spivak and the bind welt booked for the Glen Isliml Casino at New Rochelle, N. Hu iks Vtteiidance Reiord At the Casino Spivak broke eveiy pi ev ions rttendanee record est ihlishtil theie by such band a$ the Doisey biothers Glen Mrlteb, 1 any Cl nton and Cden Gray. H}$ uin rt the Casino was so succesafttl th it he w IS booked for a return en* i{ enieiit duung the winter of *40"* 41 thus sh itteimg a long-standing Iiueedent of the popular summer spot which had nevei before rein lined open duung the Winter Spivak s most leeent triumjpih e ime last August when the wrs just one year old He WW selected to play lor the seventh an* mill Hat vest Moon Ball in MadlNon Squii'l Garden, alternating vVlIii X IV let tug at Twenty-twfr thovt* sand diiiee tans packed the Gard^ It that time to witness the danen eonlests md listen to Spivak 4nd Cugat
If
f?.
(1^1" 1
I A X “ '■
m;/ ^ij' S‘'''' '■ ''" 'Wi
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, April 2, 1942
%pice Your Approval^ Prof ml • • r
-4 #lay or two ago we noticed in the paper w^hei'e a Representative caused more furor in the sanctified hails of Congress than a slow-up strike in a vital .defense plant by disclosing to the ejitire gallery that Congressmen were gjVen haircuts for the reduced rate of 25 cents. Foiiowing this startling revelation he was besieged ,by irate members who insisted that he liiive l^is remarks deleted from the record lest the votipg public become incensed about this petty'feaflt. He yielded. This called to our attention that the entire House of Representatives and a third of the Seniors are up for re-election this year, priiparies in about a month and if wo expected to vbte'we’d have to register now. tilection board gave us three pertinent fagts regarding voting and registration: To yoie'a persofi must be 21 years old and a citijzep of the United States. (These requiremfepts were stressed and explained for several minutes). Residence in the state for six mo.hth's and in the county and township for sixty days was the other major requirement. "Although a student has been in school here for more than six consecutive months, he is not considered a resident unless he has earned
ROME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
JhsL (hui±.
NnMafl-
-OAMOi-
-3WOH
. This yeai’s Eu.sler parade is ooinf> to make Mahatma Ghandi g'lad that he isn’t a style enthusiast. No longer can the masculine .sex weai la.st year’.s covert suit and deceive the peieeiving glance.s of the fashion fiends sitting on the aisles. If you’ie not wearing a “victory suit.” quietly slip into the back low and maybe the Schiaparellis Won’t notice you—and us. “Victory .suits” are going to cause the greatest revolution in men’s wear since the extinguishing of the celluloid eoilar.s in Iflll. In next month’s Esquire the pages between the Petty and Varga drawings may he devoted to these new cuffless ti ousers which will have everything stylish missing except the baggy knees. Back.s 111 coats will be minus the plaits that used to make the shoulders look like Fred MacMurray’s
at least a part of his expenses. If he has not, his legal residence is with his parents. Registralioh for the primaries, which will be May 5, will close next Monday. For two weeks following the primaries no new registrations will be accepted, then registrations will open for the regular elections in the Fall. Registrations cannot be made here and transferred to other parts of the state or nation. Neither can t-hey be made by mail. However, after a person is registered he may cast an absentee ballot no matter where he is. We could go into" a long lecture about “moral obligation” and “duty as an American” but let it suifice to remind you that the war is controlled by the men who represent you in Congress. It is they who have supported the 40-hour week, continuance of PWA and similar agencies in wartime, and prosecution of communists while we send aid to our allies, the communists. The same men who saw no value in fortifying Guam, passed by a single vote extension of the draft, and refused to actively prepare for war until we were attacked. If you have been satisfied with the way they have represented your opinion, voice your approval, if dissatisfied, your pro-
test.
and that used to conceal the 42 inch waist lines. Prom now on every man will look his weight and his “wide” shoulders will no longer bend on the ends. Satisfaction wasn’t achieved by making all pants the .same length as those of college men’s and by making the suits look like you were poured in and said “stop” for all parts except the toi so. Now they want to do away with lapels! When lapels go and also that part of your full dress suit that wrinkles when you sit down—it may be a little difficult to tell the guests from the waiters at dinner-dances. We see the necessity for this garment unglamorizing but wo wish to bo informed whether wo should just cut the lapels off of our coats and send them in 01’ should we just add sleeves to our vests and send Ihe whole outer gai'inont in? There is nothing like a war to make people suffer—on the liOth of March they take the cuffs and lapels off' our suits and only firtoen day.s before, they took the shirts off our backs by the collection of income taxes. If this keeps up maybe Parmelee, the great economist advocating nudism for the duration, isn’t as wrong as tlie Dies Committee is trying to prove, r'.t.e.
University Eatendar
Thursday, April 2|
12:.‘30 P.M.—Highway Research Luncheon 1:00 P.M.'—Futuie Farmers of America State Convention 3:00 P.M.—■Screen Review (5:01) P.M.—Stage, Stump and Studio Banquet 7:30 P.M.—Slitch and Sew, Gi'aduate Dames 7:30 P.M.—Civil Air Patrol 7:30 P.M.—Christian Student Fellowship 7:30 P.M.—P. I. A. Chorus 7:30 P.M.—Bettei' Homes
.Room 330, Union Both Faculty Lounges, Union Hall of RJusic Cynthia .Tones Hall Room 263, Union Room 303, Union Room 307, Union Tower, Union Room 212, Union
Uafio 3 Ap to 1
Letter to Editor OebrisToHold American Pharmacy
Group Elects Gordon
Dear Editor :
Wisconsin seniors buy bonds; Ah, but you say, “What’s this got to do
with us?”
The idea has giown among a number of us seniors that if a similar plan were adopted foi oui' graduation, an admirable purpose could be accomplished; that is, wo could trade-in our privilege of wearing a cap and gown for buying war bonds, which, at the present lime, ai e much rnoi-e important. Nine-hundred .senior-,s at an average og SI.50 apiece would yield near-ly $1,500. Which is more important NOW? $1,500 worth of rented caps and gowns used for- a day, or $1,500 worth ol anrmunitron for MacArthur aitd his men ? Per - Fonally, we’d rather shod our cap.s and gowns for the boy-- donning the uniforms. In addition, it saould be noted that such a plan would con-tr-ibi)te' materially to the .Student War (Council’s goal of $15,000 y-or-lh of Defense Bonds sold on the cam-
pus.
For those who want to oat theiieaku and hgve it too, the following plan ha.s Uceir suggested: When it corpes time for the class of ’42 to give the traditional 10th anniver.sarj' present to Purdue, the bonds could be used to defray part of the cxpen.se—in fact, a unique )jrogiam could be ar ranged wher-eby the class of ’42 could don their cajrs and gowns ten year.s hence and iccap-tur-e in ’.52 the tradition tempoi-ai ily abandoned in ’12. We have no doubt that the Bookstores w'ould be willing to cooperate in this matter. What do the rest of the seniot.s think ? .Sincerely, Chuck David ,011 'J'orn Mullet .lohn Ci-o<l:foi-d
Soph, Junior Interviews Interviews for- sophomoi-es and juniors who petitioned for Debri.s jobs next semester- are to be hold Ajn il 7 and 8. Elections are tentatively scheduled for Thui-sday, Apr il 9. Sophomores Fir.st The sophoinoro time schedule foiMonclay, Apiil 7, is as follows: 4:00 p. m., Lucy Chaminade; 4:10, Mary Lee Hyde; 4:20, Natalie Lowey; 4:30, Virginia Mittendoi-J; 4:40, Doiothy Ragsdale; 4:50, Jean Yahres; 5-00, Bill Badger; 5:10, David Heck'ard; 5:20, Eveiett Porter; 5:30, Ray Porter-; 5:40, Chaile.s Showaltei-; 5:50, Glenn Stockniciiei-. Meetings will be held in i-ootu 302 of Union. In the evening, at 7:00, John Wiske; 7:10, Bob Carlson; 7:20, Dick Custis; 7:30, Jirn Dunn; 7:10, lUlcn Henn; 7:50, Ray McLaughlin; 8:00, Pearson; 8:10, Jack Rooda; 8:20, Bob Sautter-; 8:30, Ted Thoodose; 8:40, Lois Veidt; 8:50, Art Wood-,; 9:00, Vercoc Jones; 9:10, 'f. G. Macklin; 8:20, Con Mers; 9:30, Dick Schiader; 9:40, LaVerne
Zeno.
Juniors Tue.sday Tuesday, ip loom 35 of the Union, the following- people will be interviewed: 4:00, .lane Blank; 1:10, George Coibus; 4:30, Ruth Walker; 1:15, Mary Jane Bui ton; 5:00, Joe iiwin; 5:15, Steve Minton; 5:30, Dick Ball; 5:15, Doiotby Benson. In tlio evening, .starting at 7:00, the following- will be interviewed at 15 minute interval.s: Marjorie Bollman, Dick Cai r, Arnio Far-ris-woi-tli. Bill Fiek, Harvie Meirill, and .leanne Patrick.
President Of District Student branch members of the American Pharmaceutical A.ssoc-ia-tioir j'esteiday elected R. L. Gor-don, sophomore in the School of Pharmacy, president of Distrret 4. The electron was held at the close of a two-day meeting held m the Union.
Christensen Speaks
Dr. B. V Chiistenseir of Ohio .State, pi-esident of the APhA, addressed the (jOnveiition on “What the Amei ican Ph-armaceutical Association is Doing for- Phai macy.” The si,\ schools io]ii-e.sented i-ejioit-ed on activities of the p-ust year, and a round table discussion veas led hy R. K. Mulvey, a junioi in the
School of Phaimacy.
Twenty i epi-escntativcs licin the University of Illinois, University of Wiscon.sin, Ferns In.stitute, Louisville College of Pharmacy, and Ohio .State attended the meeting. Approximately thirty-five were pi'c---
ent from Purdue.
Henry 'Hank' Miller . . . has been named program director at Radio Station WPAT, Patter son, N. J. Miller, a graduate of Purdue Univeusity, Sei. ’10, served on the staff' of 'WBAA while an undergraduate, and since then ha.^bceii employed at WDWS, Chaiu-paign-Ui-bana, 111., and WEOAWCBF, Evansville, Iiid.
WAA WAA bowling- finals will be played at 4 p.ni. today. Contestants will be the following- winners in their- respective leag-uos: Kappa Alpha Theta, Chi Om^ga, Delta Gamma, Ward 1, and Kappa Kappa Gamma. The final winner will be determined from the total number of points won after each team has bowled every other team. The tournament has been played the last six weeks on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at 4 p.m.
WAA.
Tennis callouts will be held this afternoon in the Memot ial Gymnasium at 4 p.m. Those interested in entering- the spring doubles tournament should be present at the meeting or- call Evelyn Schuboi, WAA tennis head. ■ Practices will be hold on Monday and Thursday after-noons at 4. Two practices ai-o icquii-ed for- entrance in the loui-nameiit which w'ill begin Aju-il 13. Daily Health Service Report D. P. Donelson, E. ’1.5, was dis-chai-ged from St. Elizabeth Hospital la.st Sunday after- receiving medical tieatnieiit. F. W. Cook, HE ’43, and Jeanette Ruthoi-J'oi-d, HE '43, w'oie discharged after receiving medical tiealment fi om the Home Hospital last Monday. Also on Monday, Lillian Dcish, HE ’44, and E. F. Ryder,, ME ’44, surgical treatment. Both were discharged ftoiu the St. Elizabeth Hospital. V. L. IVIaitengley, PE '42, was di.scharged iiom the St. Elizabeth after leceiviiig medical treatment last Tuesday. Entering the Home Hospital Monday wore J. J. Haibaugh, E ’45, foi.sui'gical, and B. L. Philli)).s for medical t'catment. ,1. (F. Stambaugh, PE ’41, entered the St. Elizabeth Hospital Monflay for surgical treat-
ment.
PMAduA- ^xpoJmtL All American !940-'41
Entered a.s .second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March's 1879 and at the special rate ot postage provided tor in section 1103, aci of October 3, mi, authorized January 20. 1922. I‘iihli.shed daily e.xcepl Monday during the legufiir academic year and 'weekly during Ihe summer Ses.sion. Delivered locally by cari-ier lor $.1.50 per >eai-, mail suhscriptioni^, $1.00.
) fcditor-in-('liifcf .Nrwh l-Jdilor
'Mana^inK Editor
Liitd lOdilci
John r. Amos Olin T llroiihj
John U. Armrilroni'
Husini‘.s« Manager (iiroulatiuii ManaRi-r
,S|)<)r(h Kdilor Alu-o ('lialfield
William l>. Millard Kt'n l\. (iji-mrc
Ted ('lark
Publication Stall
'Kditiirial Blatr: It W .'t.eiMnl.l, D i. W Jl'i'l"-'-. A f'.Hunlii.l) W (l.liiltii. W 1. I..1I.1I SimrlM Ktaff! 0 I Uiian ■) 8 U.ii'.-nJi 1'. I- k.iiliu-k, Void iJlair?’ Sall> U-.-ill (I1.11I0II1 llics. J.,in l.iimr lion yif Uinn/.
Business ( uhI JiuHiittLss Juhn JVIailin. : .1 M Wrik'^ht 1) I* JohasoiG Circuluhon Manager: ('• U. Klfiiiman. Atcounts ManuRfr: 'litna 'roiuntra Junior Coed lV|anuRors: Klltn (Maik, .lant Koim.
I Rhonet: Editorial and Buisiness, 4005; Sports, 2792 mi M-nti d njiinniai 9-jrnK hy A'atmn|il^ Advutgi Editorial Attar 10 P. M., Madlrton Avt , Ntw Voi k N Y
Editor: Bos winkle ^ / Itay KiiUtr: lluo!* I
Staff For This Issue Siiorto Editor; Urewer Itiporters; ( aj loi, Williui. Ricliai tEiin li(.vnian I’ai-.oii-. Ihsue Editor; Sthneider I.auii, Kiuim niou-. IlosKino, lUirimr
Omicron Nu Hembers For 1942 Announced During Annual Dinner Omicron Nu, Home Economics honorary, and the Viiginia C. Meredith Club held their annual PanAmerican dinner in the Home EeP-nom-ics cafcteiia Tuesday evenirig. New Members Peggy Davis, Omicron Nu president, introduced the new members for next year. They are; Dorothy Arvidson, Doris Bower, Roberta Buchele, Calsita Creel, Roberta Kassler, Martha Tro.st, and Mar-
garet Hirt.
Foundccl at the University in 1913 by Dean Mary Matthews and Miss Grace King, Omicron Nu rewards advancement in icseai-c-h in Home Economics. The junior and senior girls elected to membership mqst he in the upper fourth of their class and must have done outstandingwork 111 the field. Miss Bone presented the Ficshman Award to
Sally Beall.
Dr. Boatiicc Geiger, Indiana University Dean of Home Economics, siioko on “Homo Economics and ■Victory.” .She urged students to remain in school until they were needed for- an important position. She also emphasized the impoitance of Home Economists in the ]io.st-w<ir lec-onsti uction. Officers Ilonored A bai'qiiet honoring the officer’s for the year- uii-- held with Pi’ofossoi Mill icl McFarland a.s chief siieaker. New officer’s for the year aic: Robo’ta Bqchele, piosident; Calista Creel, vice-pi-esident; Doris Bower, tieasurei; Doi-othy Arvidson, corresponding societaly; Martha Trost, locoiding societal y; and Roberta Ka.ssler, editor.
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT.
ROGER PRYOR
VIRGINIA VALE
^SOUTH OF PANAMA' — and — TIM HOLT ' “DUDE COWBOY" ALSO
KING OF THE TEXAS RANGERS I LATEST PATHE NEWS
^lllllllllllllllillllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll!^ I Dr. A, M. Irion | I .p_ dentist— I S 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. = I Phone 4965 | ^iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiir
LUMA -TODAY - FRI. - SAT. - - 2 FIRST RUN HITS -
1,000 Jungle Thrills!
CHARLES MiOOLETON SHEILA DARCY —Plus— TWO-GUN WESTERN ACTION!
m m m
With the Phi Pai’s hanging up bi’othors I'lg’ht and left, the Student Union hanging up ev-ei-yone with their usual brand of eloction.s, the Pi Phi’s .coming outdoors again as the wind shifts around with spiing, and the Healtb Service already pi-oviding remedies for- poison ivy, things seem to be happening pretty fast around hole. It‘s hard for students like oui selves to Study with such a rumpus going on. But we manage—not to study. We’re batting this out uuclei very precai’iou.s conditions. Ted “Sunbeam” Clark, (still not fully locovcred fiom thinking h'o had two columns in Ye Rag’ge the other- day) is throwing things at us right and left. Not very accui-atc (outh! . . .
'@ xz !) though.
Jim Adams of the Phi Dolts has had a ring on Pi Phi Sally Murfey for about three weeks now. The date for the main bout is scheduled for September. Congrats, iolks. ^ It’s getting pretty bad when the Sigma Nu’s have to take a jar of tobacco, and various other provision.s for an evening down to the C. Shoppe to study! But that’s just what a couple of ’em were woing- one evening. They had books with them, anyway. Names censored. Let Ihe
stooge find out.
Here’s one of the-tnizo freshman cracks of the yeai: One ol the innocent little darling’s under draft age was huriying along to class when he saw a fellow cai-iying a .shovel and pick over his shoulder. Queried the blight lad ot one of his compaiiion.s; “What honorary is ho a pledge to?” Needless to say, the gentleman with the tools was one of the University woikmen and the rhinie is probably one of the boys who .still get Gimlet pledges and yilver Mask actives confused.
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE Lovely as a Jungle Orchid . Deadly as a Tigress!
PLUS
Three persons know fhis man is innocent . . . yet seal their lips as he marches to the gallows!
Jlew Class Ordnance To Begin On April ID On April 10 a new clasg fqr Junior ordnance inspectors will begin on the campn.s. The first section which began March 2 with 34 meii enrolled will continue throug'h the month of May. Salary of $1,400 Applicants are belcctcd through civil service examinations arid during the three months of ti-aining-will tie paid at-the rate of $1,100 a yeai. Qualifications for the pouri'-c include one year of training in a recognized college or univei.->ity or two years of college stuijy, including SIX semester hours each in chemistiy, physic.s and mathemat-
ic-.
Ordnance inspection is a fulltime coLU’so offered by the defense training program and is open to both men and women between thd ages of 18 and 55. Instruction i.s given in the fundamentals of the inspection of ordnance materials to detei-minc com]iliance of such materials with technical specifications. honorary. With such sterling charter' momboi's a.s Robert “Droopjavv” \\ eitzel and Thomas “Moron” Moran heading the outfit, you can imagine the character and activity of the Ol ganization. / , Surprise of the week: After- spending- a day or so having her picture taken with Lambda Chi Joe Daw.soii for an article withJ.ook magazuic. Theta Anno Ostrander took his pin. Nice goin’, Joe hoy. Now you’ve got Bii> Jawii Belly for a hi'uddi'i-iu-liiw. Ray Higgins was taking- inven-toi-y over- at his establishment the other evening and when final labulations were computed and recorded, il was discovered that they had thi’oe more Kapjias left under the table than usual. Quote Mr. H; “Il ciils down on our lloor cleaning bill.”
Speaking of oi ganizations, Lhei'c’s quite a movement iindei- way over lu the building’ that houses those boys with the filthy cords (ME building to the illiterate) to leorganizc the anc-ieni and hnno. able order of Beta Bi—Mechanical dis-
Eiwrylhitig for a (',<flloge Education DEAC’S
(Indei- a lahoi-.study plan opei-a-tion at Berea college, Kentucky, students are lequiiod to sjioiul less than $150 a year.
I’wiini ummemtieBBcamm
-mi-FIIMV- liylABg they’re cookin’ with oase
Swing oneJ Sway with these ’focksock* songs and solid-senders!
AMEWS SISTERS jane ROBERT ' FRAZEE PAIGE GLORIA JEAN LEO CARRILLO CHARLES BUTTERWORTH BILLIE BURKE Franklin PANGBORN WOODY HERMAN AND HIS ORCHESTRA
'SEND US MORE JAPS . . . We Can Tak Them . , .
OHTHt
. • ; : and a
7»»
■T-o-fisted_rom^« Yan^^d
r 1
EXTRA FEATURETTE! ""CavaScad of Aviaf-ion" Vividly Poitraying America's Air-Might-!
TODAY
FRI.
SAT.
immsmt
t'
vn*-s, -*<? tt^
Riveter Backfleld Stars CMU For Football Clinic
By Paul Miller Two teams, one composed of varsity playets and the other consisting of freshmen, scrimmaged on Russell Field yesterday afternoon in preparation for the practice game Saturday before the delegates at the Eleventh Annual Grid Clinic, starting tomorrow. In yestei day’s dull Coach Ehnei Burnham lan through the plays which he will use in Satui'day’s exhibition tilt Theie weie tew passes piesent with the Boilerniakei men toi placing the emphasis on end aiound and line plays Haiz^k Strong Bob Hajzyk’s leg, injuied lecent ly m spring dulls has sufficiently mended to peimit him to take ovei his regulai quaiteiback position, and he showed up ^\ell in linesmashes and biokcn field lunning Although Hajzyk is a mite in stiuc tuve, his lunning ability has made him a big man m the Rivetei backfield Heniy Stiam looked good in the tailback spot as he lan the ball sev eial times foi consideiable gams, In his position in the tailback Stiam Was on the leceivmg end of the lateral from Hajzyk and ran them foi some veiy good gams Stiam may be the line plungei foi whom Elmei iuinham is seaiehing * Dan ell Backman, playing m the fullback position, gave a veiy fine exhibition of his blocking talents as most of the lunning and passing was done by the quaitei and tailback Although Backman’s name is still a bit unfamiliai to many you can he sine that it won’t he foi long Mcakim Hits Hard The louith man on the laisity backficld was Fianeis Moakim, juni6i lino smashei, who gave his usual
Dan Howard
head football coaeh at Central ol Evansville, will be one ol the featuiod speakais at the Football Clime tommiow and Satuiday HoW'aid, whose teams won oi shai ed the SIAC ehapipionship foi the past thiee yeais, will be m chaige of a single wing back offense demonstiation tomoiiow, and will discuss singjp wing tactics Satin day moinmg
hue peiioimanee of lunmng and plunging Meakim is schiduled to be one of the men who cany the hopes of the Boilei makers next fall The Gold and Black schedule foi next yeai, as in foimei yeais, is not an easy one, and the team will be m negd of Mcakim’s lunnmg and blocking ^nlities Elmei Buinliam emphasized the liming on p^sos and lateials as the squad lan thjjpugh the plays which it will use Satuiday The game Sat uiday will be loi the benefit of the coaches v ho aie attending the Football Clinic, stalling tomoiiow
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS POR RENT
Phone 4354
We Deliver
SPRIlVG is mfhf ii. t ft Jj
Time to have your watch cleaned or icpairecl. . . . Don’t foi get thoL it is important to have a thorough checking of your watch at Ica^t twice a ycai’.
605 Mm St.
Fisone 6377
Have a "Casual Tip
Intramural Potpourri
By Don Brewei Chauncey Wins Chauncey House swung into full action the othei night when it completed its basketball season by defeating Marwood House, S C A , 3828, to wm the Co-Op bas)c6tball championship F i a n k Hopping stalled the victois with six field goals and a fiec throw foi 13 points, while Ell Paitiidge paced Marwood with SIX goals foi 12 points Phi Pelts Again Phi Delta Theta ^efeated the Sig Eps in intiamuial competition the second night m a low Tuesday when it conquered the SPE’s foi the liateinity volleyball ciown The Phi Delts tiounced the Sigma Phi Epsilon haidwood squad Monday, 2Q 12, foi the Class “B” championship, and ilefeated then iivals two games out of thiee last night Volleyball Favorites Ten teams will get undei way on the Pieldhouse^ fiooi s tonight as Waid and Caiy Hall volleyball squads compete in the final lounds ol play In Caijf Hall competition five teams will meet. Halls 2 and 7 being favoied, both with clean slates foi the season Waid 6 is also
undefeated
What's JLeft? With the volleyball finals wind mg up the indooi calendai, fiateinities, Waids, and Caiy Hall teams will be vying foi honois in tiack, baseball, golf, tennis, aicheiy, and hoiseshoes the lemaindei of this season It is likely that not all of the events and contests will be run oft, duo to the shoit time before the semcstei ends Sigma Chis Ahead 1 lateiniLy paiticipation points have boon flying fast and thick late ly, with the Sigma Chi’s holding a scant five point lead The Sigs have chc Iked up a giand total of 415 points so fai, elosefly followed by the Betas with 410 Phi Delta The tas aie still moaning the lact that they didn’t entei golf competition soon enough to giasp an extia 25 points that would have put them in
Piirdue
Q "D
Exponent 15 T Q
O Mi
Thyrsday, April Z, 1942
rv X o
Page 3
Si Joseph Nine Dell Boilermaker Squads
First Aid
GIVE JEWELRY No matter for whom or what tlie oecaeioii, iewelry is always a siiitahle gift. 3ti}ddsik,
Jewelers
419 Main St.
Sinee 1884
THE GRILL is the place to eat! Delicious food, served the way you, like it. Plenty of vitamins to keep you going during these grueling days. JhSL fijUUlduSL TYUmw^ioL lAmrm. The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Giwund. JhiL OJaJtsJL ffudisL
—With—
. . . Ted Clark . . .
Am^ricdn L^a^giie Ba&eball Movies Will Be Shown Wednesday Evening
lepresentative Thomas F Costello foi the Ameiiean Red Cro^s is conducting classes foi fiist aid instiuctois each day, thiough Satuiday on the campus Mi Costello IS tea tilling satety and accident pievention seivice in water in the senes of local couises foi students and townspeople IM Schedules Tlic CollowiHfi: Caiy Hall volleyball teams will play the hnils it 7 Thursday cvtnint, Cu> Hill ‘) Guy Hall 11 CiJ> Hall t Cniy Hill Z Cw Hall U The followmfr Waid Volltybill teams will play the finals it 8 Ihuisdav tvcnina Waul <) Waul 11 Waul 21 Ward 2> Ward 30 The following- fialcrnitics will play basebill at 1 10 Ihinsdiy evcninj? Diamond Ret i Sijrmi Psi vs 'Iheli Tan 1 Alph i Kaiipa Limbda vs 'IrianKlc 2 Delta Chi vs Phi Kapp i Psi 1 Ddta Upsilon vs Phi Delta fhet i 1 iau Epsilon Phi vs Siffma Pi 5 Phi Kappa Sit,ma vs Alph i Chi Rho 6 rheti Xi xs bij ma Chi 7 Alpha Gamm i Rho vs Sipm i Phi Epsilon 8 Phi Si{.mi Kapp i vs Alphi SiRma Phi 0 Pi Kapi i Phi vs Phi Kappa Itu 10 the lead As it is the Phi Dells, lunning a close thud, have accounted foi 108 points
RENSSELAER, Ind., April 1.—(Special to the ^ poneni)—Coach Dutch Fehring'.s Boilermaker a slow start in its first practice gatne'of the steASdn alMmorl wheti It loss at the hands of the diamond team. * »
Eight Etrers
Capitalizing on eight er-
rors, the Purahs
on only eight htfe Sinttest, as the vi^fhtig team allowed only three earned sieores. The ihitila pitchers kept Fehnltj^g siquad well m hand, SchodeV atrfidng out seVett in a dynamic mound perforiaanee, and Beane putting away three via the stiikeout loute Both pitchers
allowed only two hits
Puidue 000 200 00 0—2 St Joe 0 4 0 0 0 2 0 2 —B Although they had the haees loaded in the second inning, the jitteiy Boilei makers failed Id rdlly in
OUT OF THE DIPPER Stewait Wolle, WBAA’s energetic spoils a score, and ft wasn’t uniH 4;he commentatoi has added President Elliott to the celebiities listed to ap- fourth inning that they accwntoS peai on his special bioadcast foi the annual football clinic tomorrow foi then two runs. Joe Innian, thirdiafternoon at 5 30 Piexy will act as lead-off man and give his impiessions baseman, walked, Tony Betto sfriitck of the value of the clinic. Orville Hookei, piesident of the Indiana out, and Bill Burghaidt walked, gdCoaches’ Association will also appeal vancing Joe to second. Inplan ftak MAJOR JOHN L GRIFFITH, the Judge Landis of the Big Ten, foiced out at third on a fihldei^e Athletic Diiectoi Red Mackey and the famous passing combination of choice Both Burghardt aftd Cdoj^ Cecil Isbell and Don Hutson lound out the gioup that will be intei- scoied as Fiiend hit a deep lihd viewed by Stew diive into left field WOLFE PLANS TO HAVE a public addiess system set up in the Pumas Hit Hard Fieldhouse so that the 500 attending coaches and the spectatois can St Joe’s hard-hitting ball club listen in lan four luns across in the secbtkl
inning, two in the sixth, arid pushed'
ON WEDNESDAY EVENING at 7 30 in the Music Hall the ovei two m the eighth Piom the American League picture “The Ninth Inning” will come as a nice total of eight luns, only three werfe follow up to the official opening of the baseball season against earned, a’s the Boilei makeis muire4 Notre Dame here the preceding afternoon the ball foi eight errors, Misselhorp THE PICTURE WILL BE NARRATED by Bob Elson, populai WGN gave up three hits, one base on balls spoitscastei, and was written and directed by Lew Fonseca, ‘former and allowed two earned runs. Barto great first baseman for the Chicago White Sox Fonseca spent some allowed three hits, one Walk,* and time successfully as a baseball announcer and has been veiy active in no luns, while Walt Leifheit
Ameiican League promotional work of recent jeais
HERE ARE SOME of the things that will be coveied in the 45 minute sound show batting foim and poiiiteis, pitching and ficlciing by league stais in both legular and slow motion, special shots taken at Gieat Lakes Naval Tiaining Station, Thornton Lee and Leftj Giove m pitching fundamentals, comedy shots, Connie Mack day in Phikidephia, fundamentals in slow motion on hist base play and bunting, shots of the 1941 All-Stai game played in Detioit and highlights oi the 1941 Dodgei-
IlCf i UlIIO, YVIillV rVMAV. i-iw**»*«..**. up two hits, one base on balls,-Sfid one earned lun 1
rock a rritncl K( y
Riley rf
G Buie^hardt
Yankee World Senes There will also be some complete sequences on I'nman Sb
decision plays for the fans to decide
THE PURPOSE or THE PICTURE is to teach voungsters how to play ball by watching the stais in action and having thwr performances described by Elson on the sound track and giving the fans a little inside baseball
Burger 3b
W Burghardt &s
Misselhorn p
Beito p
I eifheit p
Totals
hT JOSEPH
Staucet ss Mertel 2b Gutgcll If Hodge 3b bhine rt Doyle lb Cl irk cf Gloder c
THE LIST OF STARS who will appeal in the pictuie lesemblca a who’s who in baseball, past and piesent Some of the gieats aie Connie Mack, Joe McCaithy, Lou Boudieau, Ty Cobb, Babe Ruth, Tiis Speakei, Lou Gehiig, Jimmy Foxx, Ted Williams, Red Ruffing, Lefty Giovc, Rogei Peckinpaugh, Bob Fellei, Joe DiMaggio, Ted Lyons, Joe Gordon, Charley fehodo™'*" Keller, Phil Rizzuto, Cal Hubbard, Bill Dickey, Manus Russo, Tommy B*- r Henneh, Thornton Lee, Lefty Gomez, Dutch Leonard and scores of Totals
other s
IT’LL BE a great show, don’t miss it
Personnel Notes
If any senioi is inteiested in an interview with any of the following companies, complete one oi the yellow “Request for Intel view” caids, a supply of which is in yoiii school office You will be notified by card I'lom the Peisonnel Ofiice when to schedule rn interview Leeds and Northrup Co, Philadelphia, Pa ME Sign up m Pcisonnel Oifice bofoie Jhuisdav, Api il 9 Bell Aircraft Corp , Buffalo, N Y Apiil 10 ME Sign in PcisonncI Oil ice beloie A.piil 15 Gult Refining Company, Indianap-
DR. PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J. RISK i! — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Mam St Lafayette
oils, Indiana Coming Apiil 3 ME and PSE Also Juniois in the uppei quaitei of class, foi summer w or k Illinois Tool Moiks 2501 N Keeler Avenue, Chicago, 111 M E Sophomores and juniois interested in Design, foi summei woik Sign in Personnel Office before 10 am Tuesday, April 7 Inland Mtg Division ot GMC, Dayton, Ohio M E Api il 7 Sign in Peisonnel Office betoie 10 a m Monday, Api il 6 Employers Mutual Liability Insuiance Company ot Wisconsin, Indianapolis, Indiana Coming Apiil 9 Anyone interested, schednle an interview in Personnel Office before 10a m Apr il 8 , A representative of the Ameiican All lines Company'- will visit the campus on Thiusday, Apiil 2 Come to the Peisonnel Office and sign lor an mteiview Wants to see Mechaiiic.il Engineeio
The fitw T|i«|t MAmmhmm
Now you can write any time, anywhere without an ink bottle at your elbow Simply fill the Graph-O-Matic with plain water, and immediately you have a large supply of highest quality ink—fi esh from the inkmaking battery m the pen One battery lasts for months—its ink capacity is equivalent to a dozen
fillings of bottle fed pens
The Graph O Matic is beautifully streainlined Precision built Exclusive features A marvelous pen for everyone, especially men in service,
travelers, students, etc. Seivice and satisfaction
Bofft by Gi leshaber Ctaflsnien Famous
Since ?842 guaranteed Nowondisplay.
Ask To See The New GRAPH-O-MATIC "INKMAKINrPEN
Just A Year Ago... thi ee hundred college and hlga school football coaches frohi-seve^l mid-western states will come to th.^ campus tomorrow for a Lwo conference, the tenth annual PpA'-* due Football Clinic. Pi-actical phas* es of the sport will be empfeadiJed m the sessions, conducted by Boiieimaker grid staff membeFS, out** standing high school coacbes-, uud Frank Leahy, newly appointed Kutie Dame athletic director . . . an expected bpi'de pf 350 Itfcpfessional golfers and golfityf nessmen will arrive Tuesday m^pHing, April 8, for the open&ig ef tife second annual golfing cluuc • . 7 among the blight lights of the JBifi* tei goli ciicuit who will UppouT |it the Clinic will be Byron Nelsofi, Tommy Ai mom, Dick Meta, Johnny Revolta . . baseball praetree yest^d^ afternoon became largely a “swnlg: session” as Coaeh Duteh Febfius^ sought to develop some hrttmg pow,. ei among the chaiges by sendmg U steady stieam ot stickers to an Impiovised plate on Russell Field , . John Janisch, Johnny EmmeH, Walt Leitheit, Iiv Claseman, and Don Blankon all took a whirl at the
slab ^
Sports Shorts ' Sigma Delta Psi teats will he ^rim 111 the broad jump, high and shot put, at 4 pm t<M^ ih t! I I'leld house PHILLIPS Patronize Exponent Advertisers
GOOD PRINTING at PAINLESS PRICES ^ Mpre Slyle for Less MoMy Kane's Print Shop 401 s 29th St PlMh* SIWS
M. E. MOREHOUSt DAIRY QUALITY MiU Phone 56214
GREETING OAROS'*’ FOR ALL OCOASIdMI BqqI Stfb A«rai> Itoitt Uuiae K«d” Sauiiuvui “O*#**9P> i > "
*!,
^ ’ 'fsr' I «; w v'i’^'i')'" :'^
r „•, f V A,,,.. . 1 > ‘ 7 ■? if <• ! '' >i r/ 1 t” -p ' **
•'? ■i'i
t T
l%e S
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, April i, f94§^
ay
yy
vttsiiwroH MERRY-M-ROUHJ
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Column List's Correct' Lewis Family "Take" $70,500, Not $48,500
WASHINGTON, Apiil 1 — The Wabhington Mell^ Go Round \Msh es to collect an eailiei statement that John L Lecvis had thiee lela tnos on union paMolls Achose sal aiies plus his own ^aAe the famil\ an annual take’ ot $48 500 fioni the collections of union dues We legiet to sac that on tuithei investigation a\ e find aa e ci i ed gi le vouslv We apologize to Mi Lewis foi undei estimating his capacities and piint beloAv the full LeAAis fam >ly pajioll shoAving that the niinei czai has not thiee but nine lelatives in cush> jobs that the family ‘take’ IS not $18 500 but $70 500 John L Lewis jircsident, I nit ed Mine Workers $25 000 KathiAn I cavis daughtci secretary treasuicr District 50 t MW 7 500 Denny I ewis brother head ol I nited Consti uction Workcis Oi ganizing Committee 10 000 J R Dell, brother in lacy C lO controllci h 000 Orin Miller brother in la\y su pcrintcndcnt ol the I MW ollict building in Indian ipolis Ind 5 000 Dan ( ollins brother iii I i\y ( ID Olganizei 1 hOO William 1 honi IS cousin siipei intendent I MW liuildiiig in Washington 5 000 Maigiict I iiulig sistei inlaw ol Denny LMW teno,^ iiihei ^ .00 \nn Mil'ei daughtci ol bioth t in layy Oiin Millei I MW ste iiogi iphei 2 100 Son in layy oi 1 loed Roll anoth er lewis iiiothei in I ne Dist let 50 oigini/ei 1 OOO lotil lewis taniily pm oil S70 ,00 e In uidilion to then 'u silaiies 1 lAvib hi (1 lu^htci nid biothci al o h lA c 1 it (\iKii'-e lecoints What lii\ spend is then sceici No fig lues haic c\ci been ie\ealcd, even to union mcmbci s )
• And Still More Imposing as is this jiajioll list it still does not tell the Avhole stoi y There is one Lew is i elative w ho IS not on a union pay i oil but yylio garners a high bracket income from unions controlled by John I, He IS brothel in layy Iloyd Hell, an insurance agent Repie sentatiye ot a suiety company. Bell has yyhat amounts to a monopoly on the business ot bond ing all national district and local LMW ollieers and all (10 olli eials His commissions are estimated at $40 000 a year This sum plus the pay i oil listed above yyould bung the total “take ot the Lcavis family u]) to $111 500 a yeai • Gene Cox Of Georgia Justice Dcpailmcnt oi^ shots baAC a bcai by thi tail and don’t I noyy A\hat to do yy ith it the bear consists oi accusa tioii-s that Repiesentatiyt Gene ( ox oi Geoigia yiolated the erim inal statute (litle 18 1 S (ode Sec 203) yyhieh prohibits members ot Congiess irom receiying compensation ior repiescnting
pmato clients befoie goyernment agencies ' Most of the lustico Dcpaitment big-shots aie in a cold syyeaL OACi the case and yyant quietlv to buiy it Thev ail scaled stiff oaci the piO'-pcct of tangling AAith Lo\ The laucous voiced little Gcoigian is a potent figuie in the Ho ise He IS a leadei ot the powciful bloc of Southcin anti Ncaa Deal laboi baiting Demociats, lanking membei ol the mighty Rules Com mittee, and on close pel sonal teims Avith House flooi chiefs Also he is a icsoiiieeful and tough fightci, cs lieciallv AAhon undci bio So most ot the lustice big-shots yyant to let Cox off, perhaps, yvith some pin ate tsk-tsking But Aoungei membei s ot the Depaitment aie demanding legal action They contend that the laiv is explicit and that it is the duty of the Department to enforce it yvithout tear oi favor Attoincy Genoial Fiancis Biddle has not yet made up his mind He is not noted foi decisive action • Case Again Cox this IS the infoimation in the hands of the Justice Dcpaitment Statibn WALB, Albany, Ga , in Cox s distiict applied to the Fed eial Communications Commission toi a constiuction pcimit to change its fiequency Cox made soveial visits to the FCC in behalf of WALB HoAvcvei his name did not appeal on the station’s foimal application as its attorney of lecoid Alter seyeial hearings, the FCf granted the permit and when WAIB opencHl its new station, Albany newspapers gaye Cox much ol the credit for putting the piojcct over lluy acclaimed him as ,i potent ligure in Washington \iound this time (ox reecned i cheek toi 52 500 liom WAI B I 111 ehe ck lie eoiue i ted into stoek ol the station I he lustiec Dc paitmeiit has a copj ol this eheek Latci Hut h McCaithy $1,5 i month clcil in Cox s con,^i es^ion il oil] e sent WAI B i bill 1oi $226 h( cliimcd w IS diK liim ioi sciyices jKiloinud in eonncction yvitli the piinin III uidilion to vviikin loi (ox Met lit,i\ ilso pi utieis 1 iy\ ( 1 til U W AI B 1 cl used to ji i\ \Ie{ ai thj Ihc ,-t ition wuac hi i th it Cox il le uly 1 id leen jiait I i the job in I lie t It ion A 1 o u ison wli it 1 r iild liiKOVci ny money to I\Jc i u th A'- 1 IS the I I)( p 11 n 111 I iioAv \leC 11 thy nil s ui j iid F ic e t my moi y 1 e h i ii L (Lit 1 om W A L L \ii 1 iteusti 1 in„lt of (he al I III 1-, il,il loi luontlis (ox has iieeii loudly eliinoriiig loi a House piohe oi the (oininiiniei lions ( oimnission on (he giound ihat il h s a scciet Gestapo He intiodiiced a lesolulion ioi sueh m iny e‘tig ition and has in ide a iiumbei ot speeehes demanding action on it and denouncing the 1 CC I ndti congi essional practice it the probe is oideied Cox yyould lie ehaiiman oi the committee Note Scvcial yeaib ago Cox \yas disclosed as heing the No 1 nepot 1st in the House At that time he hid eight 1 datives on the „ovein ment pay i oil toi a total take in eluding his $10 000 salaiv of moic than $55 000 a yeai (Cojiyiight 1012 by United Ici tui c Sy ndic iLc Inc )
Today On WBAA
f. B. Knight Gives Report
Poultry Chit)- Important mcetmjr Thins day April 2 at 7 lo p m in room 232 of the Union Officcis to he elected Speaker will be Joe Sicer of tho poultiy depaitment ■—WOLPE
0 55 10 10 10 15 10 30 ia55 11 00 11 15 n ’,0 11 45 11 50 11 55 12 00 12 30 12 55 1 00 1 16
3 30 3 55 4 00 4 15 4 30 1 45 1 50 I 55 5 00
6 f () 6 55 7 00
7 50 7 55 8 00 8 0 8 15 8 55 0 00 ‘I 5j
THURSDAY News The Cm 10 Man Music Liston While You Woik NeiAs Fedciated Clubs Music Patent Teachei Association Music Pill due News News Aguciiltuial Foiiim Meet the Band News Pai ents’ Foi urn Souveniis Science Review Mai kets News A Stoiy a Day The Apothecaiy Music Ticasino Chest News Music Afteinooii Melodics Musical Round Up News Tea Time Tunes Heaid in the Ilalhvay Music The CuLio Man Music News lust Rol IX Vespei s I ittle Miss Mulldt Ni ws Dmnci IIoui Sjioi ts Rcvii yv Pui diH’s P( t sou ilitu s News ‘III b in Soii(ilo,,v ’ yvitli Piol I K Noss Music Ncyvs Stoiy Behind Mu^lc Ml DexLe i- sinj 11 I veiitidi I i ho( s Ney/s IMiisit in i N( ws
On Survey
Phi Lambda Upsilon InfoimaJ initiation bitinday Apiil 11 at 2 p m in room 10(> ( r Iho Chemistry Buildmir - MONTGOMIRY
RoRer WiItiBma Club Jiaster sunrise service All club members meet at the parsonBRe 140 S Giant at 6 415. a m and from thcie 20 to Steeley s Woods A breakfast will be solved immediately after this meetinR at tho chiiuh Piiio—15 cents —ULREY
All Students- Students who expect tof chauRo from one school within thh University to another at the end of the present semester are advised to obtain the necessiry blanks at once from the Refeistrar'a office —STONE
Di F B Knight, head ol the de paitment of education and applied psychology, lepoits that the suivey of the Richmond, Indiana school system is now half completed Knight Heads Survey This smvey, being conducted un del contiaet between the tiustecs of the school city ot Richmond and tiustees of the Univeisity, is undei the direction of Di Knight and the Division of Education and Applied Psychology It includes a complete suivey of financial status, teaching, peisonnel and condition ot build mgs Di Knight stated that a sim ilai suivey of the schools of Gaiy will be earned out in the neai fu tine
ASCr Mfctinir is Monday Apiil 6 at ■" ^0 p m in loom 201 of the CE build in,!: insloid of Fiidny as previously le poit(d -—TRUITT
Scabbard and Blade McrtmR' Friday Apnl i at 4 1» in tbo Airrioiy to asbicrn posts and woik out dottvilft for* Best Sol dur Contest All actives please be theie You ai( needed lACKSON
Registration ^Yorkers: Students wbo wish to woik foi the Registrar ditrlng the sum* moi term registration. May 4 and 6 are lequcsted to make application at the Kfegistrai 8 olficc Those with previous experi cnco at legistration or other clerical work aio given profeionce —STONE
Miliiaiy Code Instruction Men who final ificd nt (» w p m oi bottoi and desire a cer tificat( to that effect should contact Lt Burkhait in Instiuctois Room of Aimoiv BURKHART Student War Council Mwting Thur day April 2 at -lO p m in the St ident Semte (flue - DIBOS
Westminster roimrtation The founda lion will have no putics unlil K'lstei Aft ur I istei nt hast two moie soeial functions are plumud A rollei skating pirty is plartncd imnudntdv ifto Fabtci and a picnic is rlintud lor the litter pait ot Ainl ~Cr ARK
Exponent Sophomore Stiff Woik schod ulos arc on the luilletin lioard m Uu ofliee pleise ehtcl youi assignmeils and see mt about anv adjustments ARMSTRONG
Science Sciiiors All science seniors who h iv( n jt railed nt my oflut in the pa«t w< k to fill out Bdiioi hi inks are unuested to do so it oTic( ENDLRS
WAA Tennis Callout Thursday, April 2 Two piactices are required for todmameutt entrance Tournament starts Monday, Aprir 11 Open to all coeds Practice on Monday and Ihuifaday at 4 p tn —SCHUBER ^ Catholic Students A number Of Btudenla^ are wanted foi tlu Catholic summer camp ^ Those inteiested oull 2501 —BHOOH
PAC Tmpoitant meeting Wednesday April 8 lliction of ollieds All yirosont members and new senior manager
attend
Pill I irnhda Upsilon Busjness meeting Thursdiv Apiil 2 nt 1 10 p m in tho Chem Annex -BRANNFR
All Old and New YWCA Cabinet Members InstallntioT) df officers ami lablnet membi rs Thuisdny April 2 Dinner In the ( ifeteiiu will pietede the installation Please meet in the YWCA office at 5 80 p m —PETERSON
please
ADAMS
PIA Chorus Impoitint meeting in south lowei Rjom at ^0 on Thuisdny Apnl ^ Be llurc m centi t me is soon as p< s-.ible SOPCMC
All SiVimmors Di Iphin swimming ban qiKt d lie ha been changed to Ihursdiy Apnl 2 All men ml rested sit,n ui in the p I ind piy r>0e to Williimson - KJ HR
All Seniors'' Seniors interested in getting n 1TI2 Dibiis enll Burton 6091 Theodose, 5005 Ol Woods 0294 Only n limited number !(.ft Call now —‘THLOUOSE
WAA Aicheiy prutue Ihiirsluv April 2 nt 4 ■) m in the Gym TROXEI T
Inlorfraternity Presidents* Council Dinnoi mettirig Thuisdny, April 2 at 6 p m It Sigma Nil house —MOYBIFLD
CoHmopohtan Club There will be i meet ing in room TOI (f the Union Friday Apnl I nt 4 JO I lection will be held foi o/fieers f )i luxt Urm KT I EAR
R B Stcwait, tomptiollei of the Univeisity, ib associate diioctoi of the smvey, and otheis assisting aie Piofessois B L Dodds, J L Leevy, G H Bush, Mmiel McFailand, Max Steel and guest piofossoi C H Ladshc
Sports Women Iheu will bo a meeting m the Momoiinl Gym Thurbda> Apnl 2 It 1 I m foi the (Icetnns of oflictis HARRISON
I encing Begmneri touinamcnt will stilt Ihiisdaj Apnl 2 at 4 1 > p m Advanced t) Il n im( nt w ill ^\lso bt h( Id foi cxpci lenccd fnuds who hi\c not fenced m a previous t(iunov nt tht IJnivcrsitj Sign up it tht Fuldhiust it 4 pm in the Fencing Room iny time this week OAKl S
Alpha Phi Omega interviewing committees turn in names pnd reports to Bert Keck immediately —BREWbR
PAC Important meeting yfednesday Apnl 8 for election of officers All preaent membeis ind new senior managen» please attend —ADAMS
Gold Pepper Actives Meeting Thursd ly Apnl 2 Room 301 1 the Union at I 00 1 m —SCARFF
Gold Pepper Plcdt,ts Meding Thurslay Apnl 2 Rojm -101 t the Union it 1 oO p m SCARFI
Notices
1 reshman Fntinccrs Moot lor engineei 14 ketius U H on m Saturday Ajnl 1 in 1 ll/a Fowki Hill Bi piepiicd t( nduate ehou c of schools KNAFP
Chrmlian Foundation Annual Stmoi Biruiiut will be Fiidii April 10 lun Christian I oimdution II you have not ( 1) until 8 10 > m it the ehuuh liekits made voui leseivitioii loi L istei Sunns( au 8') cirits anil m \ la 11 tamed I rim SeiviCE please call the Foundation Housi It m WoHe Bettj Ruth Diike ftanttft BitikTi t will he 2'" cents Pirkti or Ucischtl KiRort -JOHNSON JOHNSON
BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS TUES., APRIL 7lh, 7:30 P. M.
ADVANCED CLASS OPENS WED., APRIL 8Ui, 7:30 P.Vi. P M ALLEN, NATIONALLY KNOWN lUSTllUCTOR PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
Pin
6th & Ferry
Speech 14 Teachers Pick Five Finalists
PitliminuK Ol tlu Si)t(.ch 11 cimotUnn w i c 1 i. d '|CsLci(li( iltcincoii in Um\(-isiL5 11 ill it \ hi h tinu ii\L liiiihst,- well iioscn Iioni tlu oiuinil jiouj) ol t\\tnt\ tnc lontcstant-, Ibi iollow mg wpic chostn to ji ii ticipatc m the tiTiil Kcnnith \V Buxton BoicsloidN Clnik Builloid Tul R Soiigci and lohn I Wooliti,., Student who took pal L in Hu jiii liniinaiics ji^toidiv wiic choki n tioin then icspcctive Speech 1 1 el isses on tlie baMx ol then ill aiound woil on speech No i i business piojeet speech included in tho coin St Membcis ot the Speeeli 11 teach ing staff acted as judges m tho pit liminaiics yestcidaj alteinoon The ftnals ot the Speech 14 eon location will bo held at 7 15 next Tuesday night in Elizi Fowlei Hall All Speech 11 students and othoi inteiested peisons aie invited to attend
Gala Week
(Contmued liom pige 1) when Iowa, Minnesota Noithwest cm and Pin due tint men gathei loi a quidiangulai Hack meet In the teening the annual Found CIS D iv bannuet w ill be follow ed bt i eoneeit to be piesonted by the Unntisitv Music il oi ganizations The icgulai Semoi Alumni dance will leatine the ‘ tab'll et style with t lilies ind ehaiis aiound tlu Ballioom flooi Gall Week pu^iam will end Sululij with (ommeneeintnt exei cists in the Music II ill and a ton celt by the Univeisitj Band
Classified Ads
Typewriters A llmg M:r1 me all mak<B s 1 1 unit 1 K p iir 1 ai ! J UK 1 As( <1 Mime 1 ti h woik loll C I 1 l)t 1 h 11 U)^ Mam I il (\< U( I hoiu 2" <9
Student Help Wanted f)r (mihtt 1 n I I Is 1 ji tJft suiTuti t 1 m ( imilitiv( ii 1 X I 09 i ih V i( I 1 (1 Ai I l> t Ml All (kl ( ly H II S U
lost Cold li H (i 1 hi pm Ucwiid I lu Oil
I osl It 11 s I I k t lighh li iti Is ( S A Rttuin t » C il \d IRwail 1‘liom 20V
W inted 1 itlm tiiigi ilui luin \s n t> Vk lU 1 D w( 1 k It h nu < ( ^ 1
lost Ol ( imp I RUI I All hi !h ti ) III il t( und I k is( eatl 5031
Serve AMERICA ... by Conserving
Buy GOOD Clothes . . . have the Crown (Jeaned Regularly! TTial will give longer lile to your elothes and ridease inori* woolens lor Cioverninenl nsi*.
Crown Laundry
I Pledge Allegiance .
I pledge allegianec lo llie iliiiled Stales (d‘ America, a nalion “eoneeivetl in HbeiTy and dedicated to the jiroposition that all men are erealed equal.” The dotdrines of that nalion were proclaimed in llie Deelaralion <d‘ Independenet', were fesled al Valley Forge, at (Jellyshiirg, al Verdun. Now, once again, the validily of ils [)rinei|des have heen challenged and rnnsl he vindiea8(‘d. (ieJ hehind yonr country—
LETS STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
★
IILY
h. S. DEFEIVSE
BOIVDS anil STAMPS ★ ★★★★★★★★★★★★A