Serifki Wffkiak
Army/ Navy Officers Will Grant' Interviews Today, Tomorrow • Five officers, comprising the Army and Navy Procurement Board whose president is Lt. Col. B. F. Hoge, explained the joint reserve program for college students of the Army and Navy before and estimated audience of 3,000 students last
night in the Music Hall.
Colonel Hoge, in his introductory remarks, stated that this program was initiated because of the belief among military
officials that each branch of the armed service (Army, Navy and Marine Corps) V s'hould get its share of qualified men and get them in an orderly manner. Each member of the Board then proceeded to outline the requirements for enlistment, as well as the opportunities and remuneration, in his particular
reserve.
To Grant Interviews
Realizing that those students who
wish to enlist in one of the repre- measures for campus social events, ~ sented reserves may have questions the Military Ball committee has anof a personal nature, members of nounced that it would recognize the Board/will grant interviews all only war stamp corsages for the day. today and tomorrow in the Military Ball on November 16 and
that arrangements would be made
The rooms in which these inter- for purchasers to obtain the corviews will be conducted together sages in a convenient manner here
with the officers and ihe reseiwes on the campus,
which they represent are as fol- War Stamps Replace Corsages
lovvs: Lt. Col. B. P. Hoge, Enlisted . , , ,
• j „„„ T According' to A! Jackson, com-
Reserve unassigned, room 302; Lt. ... , . ,,
A. C. Dumont, Army Air Corps Re- ^f^e chairman,- he measure was serve, room 303; Lt. E. F. Ziegler, cooperate with
r. or./ T.-S -r thegrowingsentimenttowardscor-
Marine Reserve, room 304; Lt. R. L. , , . . ■NTiooo.. f 4-1, TvT oo,- sageless dances without districting
Nipper, V7 of the Navy, room 305; j
T 4. T-. Tfr- r ,, >r , . . Iroiii the staodurds of the Ball. Al-
Established 1889
Volume 55, No. 27
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiina
Thursday, October 15,1942
os its
Dancers To Wear Lunceford To Play For
Hoi^cpmingMix&r
At Military Ball Decorations Contest Will Close Friday
Adding
touch of war-time
iAixer Will Feature Colored Band In Both Ballrooms At 8 '
By Tim Tilton
Jimmie Lunceford and his orchestra, popular from coast to coast and one of the leading colored bands in the world, will come to the University on Friday, October 23, for the, Homecoming Mixer to be held in both ballrooms of the tlriidn, lasting from 8 to 11:45 p. m. . The slogan and tag-line of the Lunceford band is “Rhyi;fim Is Our' Business”, which he proceeds to prove by distinctive dance music, notable for both — — rr—;— dynamics and relaxed rhythm according to Metronome Mag-
Horticultural Society
tractions as a glee club, a quar- Elects New Officers
Lt. D. E. Oren, V6 of the Naval Air Corps, room 307. The interviews Will be given from 8:30 to 11:45
though definite plans have not been completed, the officials plan to have
™ 1 1 on 4. r 0/4 ample number of the war stamp a. m. and 1:30 to 5:30 p. m. on , . , i both da s corsages prepared in advance and
have them available at convenient
Regular Enlistments Continue locations. The stamps will be pur.These interviews are to be infer- chased fi'om the University, mational and actual enlistment . . 4.4, j. ,
Announcement of the form of corsages at this time was' made in order to present an additional material for members of the student body who are preparing entries for the Military Ball decoration conte.st
which closes tomorrow.
Free Bid Given To Contest Winner Offering a free bid to the Ball for the winner, the decorations contest is being conducted to secure designs and suggestions for the backdrop, bandfront, and other appropriate artistry for the dance. Entries should be sufficiently complete so they can be used as working-
plans by the committee.
. Contestants should build thqir ideas about a central theme and limit the cost preparing their design to about $100. Entries may be
must be made through the regular channels. Application blanks .for the Naval or Marine Reserves can be secured in the office o'f Dean Knapp,, Ail' Corps Reserve from Colonel Hicks, Enlisted Reserve Unassigned from Captain G.rahm. Slipitick Slide Will Honor
Engineers Backdrop To
Carry Out Theme
Engineers to the front! Maury , ■ , ■ ■ ^ ^ ,, , j u' 1. 4. -11 -1 turned in at the Exponent office any
Mahn and his orchestra will provide ' . ,
,, • 4? 4.1. 44C11- 4,- 1 CM-1 >. time belore the deadline,
the music for the “Shpstick Slide ’ mixer in the ballrooms of the Union this Saturday night. The engineer-" ing theme, is in honor of the En-
gineering College Magazines Asso- • • • fraternity will hold its pledge elation convention which will be on dance, an informal barn dance, at the campus during the latter part the chapter house, 8:30 to 11:30, of (he week. Friday, October 16. Host for the dance will be Joe ' '
Youngblood and his Purdue Engi-* iieer staff who are also hosts to the convention. Present also will be the editors from twenty-seven of the nation’s leading college engineering
publications.
The backdrop \vill be a nionstrops slide rule bringing back fond memories of clas.ses. Its purpose,, however, is not to deaden the eyeiiing but to provide the general atmosphere for an engineer’s mixer.
tet, a trio, and the ballads of Dan Grissoln. Lunceford is identified with such sbngS as “Wbatcha Know Joe,” “Blues in the Night,” “Wham,” “Tain’t What You Do,” and many others which he introduced and popularized. Use Planes To Advertise By way of .sensational advertisement, leaflets concerning the Lunceford band will be dropped from an airplane over the campus at 11:50 a. m., Tuesday. .S'dmc of the circulars will be marivcd g'ood for one admission to the dance, and will mean .just what they say. For those of you who do not feel lucky, tickets may be purchased for the special price of $1.40 including at the advanced , sale starting next Monday. Qnly 500 tickets will be on sale, however, and the pre-dance sale will close on Thursday. Admission at the door Will be $1.65 including tax.
Last week the Horticultural Society of the University held their annual fall picnic. During the course of the picnic, a meetin.g was held in which the officers for the coming semester were elected. They are as follows: Gordon Myers of Lafayette, prc.sident; George Adrian of Indianapolis, vice-pro.sideni; Pzahne Colglazier, of Bedford, secretary, and Floyd Bass of New, Augusta, treasurer. The society will hold its regular meetings on the first and third Wednesday of each month.
Exponent Staff There will be a board meeting of all Juniors and Seniors tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the Agricultural Extension Station, ■ —AMOS
In First Play Cast Wins Praise For Fine Work “Harmony Hearth—home of. mystery, intrigue, murder!” —and, oh yes, home of the screv/iest collection., of zanies yet assembled by Playshop on Eliza Fowler’s stage. Parker Feninelly wrote the proper amount of suspense, thrills and laughs in one of the imist amusing satires_on mystery story writers ever produced on tlic American stage,, but it took a finst-rate crev.' of Playshop workers for the past two nights to.add the polish to an opus that ranks right up at the. top with “Male . Animal,” “dur Town” and other Playshop successes in I'ecent seasons. Arthur Pei'gament with his authentic Russian dialect deserves lirist place hdnors for, his characterization of the slightly batty niystery writer, Zadoc . Grimes. Georg-e Zissis as Sheriff Preble does such a convincing .job of convincing the audience that he is a real sheriff that the surprise twist in his characterization in the last scene lends added enjoyment to watching his characterization, . (See PLAYSHOP, page 4)
ower Scrap Team Captains Will Meet Tomorrow Groups Will Aid In Dismantling Heavy Machinery In Homes, Buildings There still remain openings in the ranks for men and women who wish to cooperate with the Exponent and the University in the four-hour scrap drive Saturday afternoon. Directors of the drive state that they are determined to exhaust every possible’source of salvage matetial on the campus to be donated toward the war. effort. Several sources in the University have been contacted and —.1— —^ have agreed to help in the drive. Many tons of scrap are available in several of the buildings, and are waiting for
PI A Will Feature Ray Kinney's Band/ Hawaiian Maids/ Hula Tomorrow
Triangle
Faculty Notice Faculty members who wish to attend Engineering College Magazines Associated banquets Friday or Saturday nights, pleasg sepd reservations to Joe Youngblood, Purdue Engineer office. Union Building, by campus mail
today.
—YOUNGBLOOD
Wildman Speaks At First Mpj^ipd ^^P,^fi^£pnfprpnpe Piscusse$ iP^tjriQljsm Bdpre Gathering Of 350 Members Of Indiana Division “It is hot likely ' that'thiA ebuhtry Will become either communistic or fascistic,” Prfesident'tliyde Wildman of DePaUw University declared Tuesday' night in an , address on “The Roots of Real Patriotism” befpFe'the‘opening session of the 42nd annual confer'ehce of the Indiana Daughters of the American Revolution. The streamlined war-time meeting, which was held at the University, —— ended yesterdaj^ afternoon. “roots ,of pafrioti^pi”, ,he points out There were more than 360 ffiat, “one should be in the soil” and DAR members' froih^all sec,..4,4 ■' ri. G of our indebtedness to the tions of the state, represent- ■ ■ < < ing most of Indiana S 91 chap- Pand', Glee Club Furnish Micsic ters,Tegist<lfed for the meetings. preceding the Defines I'recdom , , formal opening, of the conference. In presenting the lecture, Presi- two dinners wore given, one for the (lent Wildman said, “Freedpin is state officers club, presided oyer by thinking simply and expressing Mrs. Charles Wolf pf Peru, an(i the ourselves in a straight line without others for all members, presided mental detour or camouflaged verb!- pver by Mrs. John R. Stemm of Laage., It is saying yes to the be.st fayette. Tuesday n.ight’s program we know. It is sayipg no to every featured music ,by the University urge in our nature which is cheap Co.ncert Band and Qlee Club, and vulgar. H, is the truth which Mrs. Oran E, Ross qf Winchester, makes us free.” central district director and head Continuing, he declared, “This i.s hostess, welcomed all delegates' to no time to talk about ‘careers’, the conference. The Gonoval do Lp‘porsonal success’, or “getting on fayette chapter of hero was in in the world’.” Discussing the charge of the reception, •
Rhythm will reign in both ballrooms of the Uiiioli. tomorrow night wjien Ray Kinney brings \yith him his Five Aloha Maids,, Leimomi, Lehua, Leinaala, Leilani and Nani. The girls coinbine their hula swaying and,sighing with Kinney’s music in a manner guaranteed to please even tbe coeds. In addition to thy maids with their “lovely hula hands”, Kinney features the songs of Meymo Holt anci, AlA'cil Apalm, along with his own vocalizing. He has recently remodeled his orchestra and is now
playiiil;' more American music, drawing aWay from..,! lawaiiuii, formerly typical of his baml. . Starts Musical Career In College, ■ Ray was born in Hilo, H.av/aii, but came to Salt Lake City, Utah, to play, his first Hawaiian mysic d.ur.-' ing his college career. During the next few years, Kinney was in and out of the orchestra business, finally winding up with a band in the Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu, where he played for forfy-nino consecutive months. Ho next opened in the Hawaiian Roo\n in Hotel Lex-
ington, New York, playing there until last winter, when he began a tlieater tour in which he traveled throughout the Islands of Hawaii,
Maui and Oahu.
Admission to-the dance, which will be held from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m., will be free to PIA members and $1.10 for non-members. Memberships \vill be on sale a't a booth outside of the Sweet Shop from 4 to 6 tonight and tomorrow night. Pa.sspovts must be shown in order to purchase a membership and must accompany the ticket at the dance.
For Coed Scientists To Explain Need
For Specialist’s
(Editor’a Note: This is the first in a aeried ^of four articles briefly outlining^ some of the vocational opportunities which will be explained at the Associated Women Students Vocational Conference to be held October
28 and 29.) “ By Genevive Husted
Those coeds who have burned themselves in chem lab, broken fingernails exploring physics, stood on their heads to peer at algae, or been entangled in a slide rule—and still are fascinated by the sciences —have been saved a place in the war effort. For these embryonic scientists has been planned the first group of meetings scheduled on the vocational conference programs. The Bunsen bruner specialists are needed to fill important posts in dietetics, radio and textile industries and to silence the crying need for women chemists in hospitals and industry. Those who find ammonia as fragrant as Shocking Pink have a definite date to help beat the Axis. For those who are interested in the Army and Navy as well as physics, there are opportunities in radio and high frequency work, acoustics, vibrations and the X-ray. “This is a physicist’s war.” The slide rule is only part of engineering: but those who can handle on® well are needed to fill the vacancies left by the draft. Those who are interested in people are wanted for personnel work and management as Well as in research labs and designers’ rooms. A yen to build bridges or to know why an engine goes round is even more useful to-
day than yesterday.
Students concerned with the private life of an algae can become bacteriologists in hospitals and industry. More recently there have been openings in infection control work in Army centers. Lawrence Lindahl Joins Education, Psychology Staff Prof. Lawrence G. Lindahl, who has headed the industrial arts and pre-engineering department at Nebraska State Teachers’ College at Chadron, Neb., the last 12 years, has been named to the staff of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology. He is serving here as assistant instructor in trade and industrial education and is working toward his doctor’s degree with a major in industrial psychology. Lindahl has degrees from the University of Iowa and the University of Wisconsin, and has studied at Minnesota, Carnegie Tech, and Dunwoody Industrial Institute. During 18 years of experience in teaching and industry, he has been actively identified with Nebreska educational organizations, is now vice-president . of the Black Hills Science Club, and past president of the Chadron Kiwanis Club.
the manpower necessary to dismantle some machinery and carry the scrap out to trucks. Every one of the 35 campus fraternities has agreed to send a group of men to help in the drive from
Jeeps, Guns, Tanks and Ships Need— ■ Old tires, bathing caps, hotwater, bottles, abandoned bridges, saw millA trophies, garden hose, rubber gloves, boilers, horse shoes, bed springs, stove grates, iron bars, plumbing fixtures, old safes, old .file boxes, kettles, irons, racks, axes, clocks, pianos, chains, knives, metal tennis racquets, wheels, vats, barrels, rakes, coils, do{)rs, tubes and any ... Iron and Steel, Rubber, Copper, Bronze, Brass, 'Zinc, Lead, Aluminum and Rags. 1
Lo^t And Found All lost articles may be claimed or turned in at the Student Sen^^^te Office, between 4 and 5 any afternoon. There are many lost articles to be claimed. —MOYNAHAN
1 until 5 Saturday afternoon, and several other organizations are forming.scrap teams to participate in the campaign. Scrap Captains Meet ' These groups w'ill work under “Scrap Captains” who will meet in room 355 of the Union tomorrow afternoon at 4, at which time they will be assigned to certain areas or specific jobs. Several large deposits of scrap are to be exploited, and will require men who are willing to put forth considerable physical effort. The University Military Department has agreed to let the scrap collectors have the use of ten of their heavier trucks Saturday afternoon. Gi'oups will canvass all of West Lafayette, starting at 1 p. m., and will place the scrap acquii’ed from the house to house campaign at certain pre-determined spots on the campus. -The military trucks will start out from the Armory between 3 and 4,. accompanied by groups of workers, to load the scrap and take it to Lafayette from whence it will be shipped. Concentrated Drive The Exponent decided earlier to substitute the concentrated drive for a more leisurely, drawn-out affair due to the fact that the time students have free during the week is very slight. They hope, with the large amount of manpower which the students can contribute, to make the four hours serve to acquire a large amount of scrap. Townspeople can cooperate in the drive by placing all their scrap somewhere in front of their houses where students can pick it up easily. If any house owuer has scrap that seems immovable, students will come in to help move it. Scrivener Callout . . . from freshman positions will be held today at 4 p. m. in the Scrivener office in the sub-basement of the Union. Positions are open bn the office, publicity, business and editorial staffs. Interested freshmen are urged to attend.
Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grade during the current term should do so before tonight. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of depnrtments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given, T^e cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. —DEAN OF iMENI
'■'K
lif"
Piimtie Exponent
» n^l' 'll
Thursday, pctoher IS, Vi,-
Ipardue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Biisjnatt^ Purdue Memorial Union; Phona. 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
I5ditor^lTi-Chicf News Editor Monacinff Editor... Sports Editor Isiisme.ss Manafrcr.. Coed Editor
} J[ohn F, Aiiios Don t, Brophy ..John B. Armstrong Robort L. nedlcy Ken K. Gjemre Alice ChatBeld
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff: D. W. Ochciltrce, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, I.!. E. Ht:tr„ W. G, Hoskins, R. W. Boswinkle. K. Roquemorc, S. Wolf- . . Sporl.s Staff: D. E. Brewer, 3. S. DawSon, D. Shtycr, C. Sowanis. . . Coed Sl.aff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer, Elaine Ahr-n.s.
Business Staff :Ciiod iliusincss Manager: Julia Martin. AdveitlslnR Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson, J. Petty, (lircuiation Manager: G.. H. Klouman. itreounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior t.locd Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim. .
The Purdue Independent
Edit'*r-in-Chief Mona.;’. Editor nusrness .Manager........ ’ - ■rditor, ...:. i .-I'isilig Manager.. A . M Ids Manager Circuhttion Manager...
....DayC' Barta Bd Htttdphrey Elwin Welbanm Roberta Kessler ....Scptl Brown George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue Ni’tht Editor: Ochiltree Sports Editor: Dawson Day Editor: Ahrens Issue Editor: Tilton Reporters—Hornady, Stephenson, Smith. Smelta, .Tyson, Tu'.llt', Vt'io.slow, Parsons, Gregory, Richardson, Miller,- Mar-lind-.H, Vegh, Holland, Petry, Horak, Vermilion, Baines, Aitgelt. ■■ ■ '
Entered as second .class matter at the post office in Lafayftte, Indiana, under tire act of Congress of March- 8, 1879. ;rnd :!t the special rate of postage provided for in section nos. act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Pnlilishcd on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings d:M*ing the year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.75 for a sen:ester or. 53.00 for two semesters ; by mail for $2.00 for a seiriest; r or $.3.50 for two semesters. .summer semester; mailed subscription $1.50. lleproscnted for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc.. College Publishers Representatives, 420 J.ia-.iison Ave.. Now York, N. Y.
It May Be The Last
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
Give Is Funny Word
It ha.s an extremely distasteful effect on a good many people. Mention the word arid they turn their head. It has been used so often and by unworthy causes that the mere thought of parting with anything of value causes people to shy away. But when the nation asks its populace to give scrap to protect its very existence, no living person can afford to shy away. And the best part about giving scrap for victory is the cost . . . which is absolutely nothing. There is nut a person in America that “can’t afford to give”. Better stated, you cannot afford not 16 give. Industry critically needs sefap; of little \ alue to anyone but industry. This week-end, you are offered the greatest opportunity to contribute scrap, ever presented. Every house in West Lafayette, be k a student home or a private home, will be canvassed by scrap collectors. Every home should have all of its scrap ready and waiting for the collectors. No. object is too big or too small. Student collectors A^ill accept the lowly razor blade and the huge out-moded furnace. The fraternities on the campus have!' offered 100 per cent cooperation in supplying .scrap collectors to gather the vital rnaterials. Al! other residence units are urged to help. Help in the collection of the scrap is only part of the battle, though. The cooperation of every person in the city of West Lafayette is a,necessity. The University and West Lafayette will meet the challenge of America only if every fraternity, every sorority, every student residence unit, and every private home in West Lafayette has every ounce of available scrap piled high and waiting for the collectors on Saturday afternoon. Get in the scrap!—s.b.w. '
V V
SsdwioL SBufm,
Ensign Donnas E. Allen
... who graduated from the University’s School of Civil Engineering, ha.s been assigned to duty at ..Pocatello, Idaho,'with the United States Navy Engineering Corps.' '/
R. E. Nichols
, of the University veterinary staff has been x;dol ed to l eport to the Army Medical Center* Washsin.i’ton, D. C. He will enter the service as a reserve dliieer in the Army Veterinary Corps,
Personal Notes
^orothy J^ne McLain
. . . a gitadiiate from the University last January le'.rKl a.member of Chi Omega sorority, will be married hSiij.urday to Lt. Robert P. Burrows, Jr., also a UniA i tiiity graduate and a Kappa Sigma, who is stationed ial ijlreKtiit at Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio. ' The ceremony will be performed by the bride’s fain Norwoo:', Ohio. The best man will be James ''E li: i,,fiatevi;ii,v hiother arid classmate of the bridet;'re< m, iind o: ' of liie bridesmaids will be Mary Alice IvliJ.h r < f West Lafayette, who was also a Chi Omega tiu-ix, : -j ■ ■
r
’William Kroeplin
' . . . will wed Marguerite Funkhauser next Saturday at 4:30 p. m. in Indianapolis. , ^ Miss. Funkhauser, a member of Chi Omega sorority, |giaduate(l from the University in 1942. The groom, p former members of Reamers, S. D. X., and Expo*hent, was a graduate in 1941.
' Today’s anriouncement thrit the Military Ball Committee will follow the University’s plan of full cooperation with the nation’s war effort in calling for the exclusive appearance of war stamp corsages at the opening of the campus formal dance season was made under the assumption that Purdue students are determined to make the most of college life without interfering with wartime plans and restrictions. This j^ear’s Ball will play an extremely important part along those lines. It very significantly falls between the period of registration for midwestern gasoline rationing and the enforcement of that limit on transportation facilities. It must replace the Junior Prom for the present senior class, and may very probably replace that dance for the juniors. Experience of all organizations planning dances has been that “big name” bands are not any more available for “one night stands” and that any off-campus band will be an Oddity after transportation facilities become a scarcity. Besides replacing big events of the upperclassmen, the Ball will mark the dying minutes of automobiles for the convenience of all the dancers. The Committee has considered those influences very seriously in making its plans for the dance, and in order that it may be a complete success must have the cooperation of the many groups and individuals involved in preparations for that night. One of the immediate fears is that coeds will be limited to two o’clock hours for an occasion that may be the final big time event of the war so far as this campus is concerned. Without long hours, the program must be shortened to eliminate some of the military pomp and ceremony that has been the distinctive feature of the Ball, or a great deal of money must be spent for prominent band or bands without obtaining a corresponding amount of good music. Scabbard and Blade, POMM, and the Zouaves have been invited to share in the festivities provided that time is available. This afternoon the A.W.S. judicial board is scheduled to vote upon the proposal of extending coed hours to three o’clock for the evening. Representatives from the Committee have called on Dean Coolidge to explain their situation and received favorable comment upon the idea that students will be turning part of the expense into a patriotic investment—the war stamps being bought through the University, thus adding nearly $1,000 to Purdue’s record of war stamp and bond sales. The Committee wants this “last fling” to be worthy of replacing future big events, if ,necessary. It is affording pleasure-seekers the opportunity to have their fun without a troubled conscience, and must have the full cooperation of many groups to realize its ambitions.
Pro-Axis Chileans St'all President's Visit To States
“This is likely to be Colonel Truffle’s last patch—I hear they’re taking him off administrative duty and assigning him to active duty.”
University Calendar
Thursday, October 15
WASHINGTON — A desperate backstage tug-of-war has been tak-,i ing place in Chile for the past two or three weeks to prevent President de los Rios from making his scheduled visit to the United States. Chief wire-pullers in this tug-of-war have been Axis agents, many of them working through pro-Axis Chileans and Argentines. They anticipated that President Riop’ trip would lead definitely to a Chilean break with the Axis, leaving Argentina as the one country still on diplomatic speaking terms with Germany, Japan and Italy. Until the last tWo or three weeks President Rios did not take a very active interest in foreign affairs; saw everything through the prejudiced eyes of his Foreign Minister, Barros Jarpa, a strong isolationist. But the other day, young Nelson Rockefeller, head of. the Cultural Committee for Latin America, called upon President Rios and gave him a first hand picture of the Ameiican attitude toward the war and toward those countries which did not cooperate toward winning
the war.
Poultry Short Course.... ...Poultry Buildings Veterinary Short Course i.. Veterinary Building 3:00P.M. Hall of Music .........Screen Review 7:30 P.M. Playshop—Cuckoos on the Hearth....Eliza Fowler Hall 7:30 P.M. Alpha Zeta Open Meeting W. Faculty Lge., Union Ail Day Army and Navy Interviews Rs. 302, 303, 305, 307, Un.
Today's Screen Review News—7 min* i 3:00—4:25 Divide and Conquer—20 min..... .3:07—4:32 How To Hold Your Husband—Back—10 min.,! 3:27—4:52 Don Cossack Chorus—10 min. 3:37—5:02 Information Please—11 min... 3:47—5:12 Historic Maryland—9 min, 3:58—5:23 Beauty at the Beach—10 min... 4:07—5:32 Mickey’s Birthday Party—8 min... 4;;17—5:42 OUT—5:50
Air Corps To Train Juniors, Seniors
Christian Foundation Chooses Play, Cast
• l^larmful Gossip Spread Immediately after the Rockefeller visit all kinds of gossip spread along the diplomatic grapevine as to how the young millionaire had bull-dozed the President of Chile, threatening him with dire consequences if he did riot break with the Axis. Chief spreader of this gossip was Foreign Minister Barros Jarpa, who reported that President Rios was so miffed with Rockefeller that.he virtually has decided to cancel his trip. This story, however, seems to have been generously smeared with the Axis propaganda brush. Actually, Rockefeller’s talk was frank and friendly. He pointed out that the United States naturally would cooperate with those who cooperated with her. But he made no threats. Furthermore, President Rios seemed to appreciate his frankness. He had never received a very clear picture of the situation through the somewhat^ distorted vision of his Foreign Minister, and he wrote a letter to a friend expressing his ap-
preciation of the Rockefeller visit., However, the backstage wirepulling to keep President Rios away from the charm of F. D. Roosevelt continues. When Sumner Welles last week in Boston said that Argentina and Chile had “permitted” secret infoi*mation to leak to the Axis, the antiAmerican bloc in Chile pounced upon this with i^acrity. Twisting the Spanish tran^ation of “permitted” to mean “actiVe collaboration,” they used this word as their chief weapon to persuade Rios to postpone his trip. . It is believed that Rios will come to Washington later, but not until after a diplomatic breathing spell.. • Republican Nickels .Time was when the Republican party depended on a handful of money kings to fill its coffers. But that day is gone. Frank Gannett, new vice-chair-man of the Republican National Committee, is planning a nation-, wide radio appeal to American • farmers and laborers for nickels', dimes and quarters for the GOP war chest in the current Congressional campaign. Gannett will dig into his own pocket to pay for time on a network of stations to carry the broadcast. In his appeal for funds, Gannett will charge that the New Deal has let farmers and laborers down, is now leading the nation toward a| dictatorship. • Stranded U. S. Seamen At almost the identic moment the President was pinning on the chest of young Edwin F. Cheney of Yeadon, Pa., the first Distinguished Service Medal for heroism awarded to a merchant seaman, an unusual meeting was being held behind , closed doors on (jlapitol Hill. And if Cheney, who saved 11 shipmates from a torpedoed tanker, knew what was happening at this meeting, he would have wondered at
It’s up to the A.W.S. board today!—w.e.r.
Is It Too Much
... to ask a busy Purdue coed to devote two hours of her valuable time each week towai’ds doing war work? We think not. Yet this is all that the Red Cross asks of any coed. Is it too much to ask a busy. Purdue coed to give up part of an afternoon which would have been spent in the Sweet Shop or in the bowling alleys ? Again, we think not. Nor do we think that the proprietors of the Sweet Shop or bowling alleys would complain if their coed business deserted them once a week for something more constructive. ■ The Red Cross is strictly a women’s organization, and its entire campus support must come from coeds. Yet only 12 coeds have thus far shown willingness to do their part in the nation’s w'ar effort by knitting or helping to roll sorely needed bandages. Only 12 coeds, out of more than a thousand, have shown any willingness to lend support to their organization. The work is not hard, the hours are short and the Red Cross women are willing to take the time to instruct as many girls as come out. The question is, are the coeds willing to do the work? This afternoon marks the final call-out for Red Cross workers. Must this worthy project be abandoned for lack of adequate attendance? Must Purdue coeds be branded as lazy and unwilling to work for their country ? We hope not. Coeds of all campuses have long been boasting of their patriotism and readiness to riiake this a woman’s war as well as a man’s war. Let’s not have the coeds of Purdue, the foremost midwest wartime university, fall down in their responsibilities. Remember, every Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6 is all that is asked of you. This is becoming more and more every day a war campus. Even the male students may not be allowed to remain here very many more semesters as civilians. If you would prove your right to remain on this wartime campus, report to the Red Cross callout today in the sub-basement of the Union.—-k.g.r.
Announcement has just been received from the Army Air Force that the qualifications for appointment for Meteorology Training as an Aviation Cadet (Enlisted Reserve Corps), have been changed to include junioii.s and seniors majoring in Science or Engineering. To be eligible for this type of appointment the student must have completed calculus, one physics course and Heat or Thermodynamics. All students desiring to apply for Aviation Cadet appointment should apply at Room B-4 in the basement of the Armory.
Disciples Players of the Purdue Christian Foundation have chosen the cast and crew for “The Neighbours”, a one-act play by Zona Gale to be presented Sunday evening,
November 1.
ummm
HELD OVER
Buy War Bonds
h-kiick-k-hifk-k-tc-k-kifhicic^ick-k-A-kir*
Obn Ulilis Stuflio (Distinctiile Portraiture)
205 East Slate Fhope 3413
'^'kiric-hh-^-k-k-k-/rjh-hie'k-k-k-k-k-k-ir-k-kii:
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
FUN RIDES THE RANOE!
HAl ROACH praienli
Jimmy ROOERS Noah BEERY, Jr.
Son of Will Rogers
9mm
miiTVi^
Marjorie WOODWORTH
— ALSO — "PATHE NEWS"
MaiiI
— NOW SHOWING
It's the Great American Story! THE PRIDE OF THE YANKEES (Life of Lou Gehrig) — with — GARY COOPER TERESA WRIGHT — ADDED —
March of Time's "MEN OF THE FLEET"
ADMISSION
Nights and Sunday... Week Day Matinees. Children
50e 40c ...15c Plus Tax
TODAY-FRI.-SAT. TWO FIRST-RUN HITS
Ride the avengeeig trail with THE THREE MESQOITEERS
mm
STEELE#TOM iiiiiMiimilMt
PLUS —SECOND HIT
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW
wifitVIRGINIA GILMORE
DANA ANDREWS V MONA MARIS
Directed by EUGENE FOROe
Produced by BRYAN FOY
Origkd Sfuin F/oy ty Sitvt flAu md Joel Aiuktwt
t.fivsKSi’ir
i A
■ I Ii ill'!
^ 4 Thursdpyf October IS,' 1942
4‘
Boilermaker Sports
>■ ' IV'
PagaB
Will Lead Riveters Against Buckeyes
f ,
Cross Country St|uad At Ohio State Saturday Heaving Friday noon to accompany the Riveter football squad to Columbus, Ohio, will be the Boilermaker cross country team. There they have a scheduled meeting to run against
the Buckeye thinly clads.
The meet, a four-mile aifair to be run over the Ohio State gplf course, ia scheduled for 12 o’clock noon in order that the
participants may have an opportunity of seeing the foot-
ball game which is due to fol- tnOinGGtS Will
* loVi^ at 1:30 p. m. ^
Representing the Riveter end of the affair Saturday will bfe Puesler, Seward, Kinder, Roach, Hai'rer, Kynch, and Ashwell. These positions were determined by means ot lime trials held over the Univer-
sity course.
I'here is also a freshman meet
Inter-School Cross Country
The annual inter-school cross country contest was won by the Engineering school yesterday aftei--
teotatively scheduled for Friday at defeated an aggregation 4:30 p. m. on the local terrain. The school by a score of
freshman harriers from Illinois are sthedulfed to furnish the opposition. This engageihent will be unique in that all of the candidates for the freshman cross. country team will participate. The above tussle is extremely tentative due to the fact that no word concerning it has been heard from Illini headquarters re-
' cently, but Coach Phillips has made Mannfield (Science)
plans to hold the meet anyway. Lutheran Students Will Meet Sunday putheran Student Association will hold its legular bi-weekly discussion group meeting at 7:30 next Sunday evening in Room 307 of the
Union.
The Association will give a Hal-
Erickson (Eng.)
Baley (Ag.)
Williams (Eng.)
Miller (Ag.)
Ochstein (Pharm.)
Watt (Eng.)
The meet was marked by a very close finish. The difference in the time of the first man and the eighth man was lightly less than one minute. Only .02 of a second
lowe’en party at the home of Rev. sepaiated'the first and second posi-
Stolldorf on the following Sunday, tions.
. vouR pyRse In the
☆ Buy WAR STAWiPS + 80
Mt'-u
direeting aria of eontlial
ViesterntWricejaipment IS to am tottte W ,Jlo» rule m gel cralionB. Are y ,.,je„hone», viire and aephones equipment ,ajor source of tin P manufacturer Hlectrie-for b y ^g^ung eBellSystem-dedrcated Ld for equipment that .tofigHimS mem
ARsInAI OF COMMUNlCATlbWt
Varsity Track Men Are Trailing Prosh In Annual Decathlon Decathlon, the annual fall competition between the individual members of the varsity and the freshmen track teams, has swung into its third week. A survey of the total points accumulated by each man so far shows that the first five places are all held by members of the rhinie squad. Sixth place is the first position held by any varsity man. Bob Livinghouse, the winner of last year’s Decathlon, is in seventh place. The leaders and their total points for the first two weeks are as fol-
lows';
s
ports pp^munique bV Bob Hadley
s
Editor’s Note: Continuing our coli^mp-swapping policy, today’s column is written by Roland Powell, sports ^editor of the Ohio State Lantern.
21 to 29. yThis contest is open to any representative of either school except members of the varsity cross countiy squad and it is run over the regular two and one-half mile couise. The first eight men and their times are as follows:
11:25 11:27 11:63 12:02 12:08 12:14 12:21
Harney . Kilpatrick . Cain Dunnuck . Detweyler . Fiestkorn . Livinghouse Scardilli ..
.. 2307 ...2302 2232 . 2162 . 2049 . 1978 1573 . 1541
The contest was originally scheduled to last for just three weeks, but Coach Homer Allen has announced that this time be lengthened one week. During this last week any man in the Decathlon will be allowed to try to Wetter any mark that he has previously made. No scheduled events will be run at that time; it will be entirely for individual improvement. Four trophies are being donated by Head Track Coach Hermon Phillips to the four men heading the final list.
The one thing that Coach Paul Brown of the Buckeyes has feared all year was injury. That very thing happened against Southern California last Saturday, when Dante Lavelll twisted his knee and may be out for the entire sealbij, and Les Horvath, Tommy James and Bill Durtschi all took beatings. ' 1 However, the lineup that v^ill bemused agaipst Purdue this Saturday seems fairly well set. At ***5 potential All-American Bob Shaw, who scofj^f'^W^ against the Trojans, and Don Steinberg, hard working JiUtlpr, ^ho was in the starting lineup against Fort Knox and ’ Bill Willis, g^i;[|^^'^^ro',^ 4&ho was All-Columbus for three years straight, and haf^|^$fe|ig 'Experienced Chuck Csuri will be at the tackle posts. The gua^(^'^4^kave Hal Dean, a letter winter with a lot of experience, and potential All-American Lin Houston, who was picked for thisj^^^;^by some men last year. Houston is one of the plgyers that gets''into every play. ' Senior Bill Vickroy, one of the two seniors in the lineup, will be at center. Bill is a good Offense man and one of the best defensive players in the burfps. He is the director of the Buckeye defense. The backfieldi“®^hks Captafft’ George Lynn, a devastating blocker, at quarterback. Speedy harxtdriying Paul Sarringhaus will be at left half and will handle mostj of the passing chores for the Buckeyes. Paul is one of the main cogs in the Buckeye machine. He handles, besides the passing duties, a good part irroe running chores and is the safety man. Les Horvath, small slippery senior, is at right half for the Scarlet and Gray gridders. His specialty is end runs and he is a demon if he gets into the secondary Sophomore Gene Fekete is the talk of the campus. In three games Gene has scored 39 points, getting only four last week. He is strictly a plunger, but is exceptionally fast and turns himself into an open field run par excellence when the opportunity provides. He is the scoring power of the Buckeyes. Paul Brown is worried about Purdue, because of its sho\4ing against Northwestern last week, and also because of the high ranking the Bucks have been given. Brown is at his best when he is the underdog. He feels sure that he is going to have to use every trick of the trade to beat the Boilermakers.
Veteran Quarterback Faces Former High School Mentor Vincent “Rocky” Snyder, a former captain of the Massillon, Ohio, high school team, will lead the Boilermakers against his former coach, Paul Brown, when they face the Buckeyes in Columbus this Saturday. Snyder has been alternating at the quarterback post with Hajzyk in the first three games. This is the second consecutive year that a former pupil of Brown's has led the Riveters against C sot sin state. Last season it was P Jim Miller, co-captain, playing
wr'
Ward Thinlyclads Personnel Committee Wiancko To Attend To Run Tuesday ^j|| f,esh Fertilizer Meeting
The Annual Ward Cross Country Race will be held on Tuesday, October 20, on the short varsity crosscountry course. The race will cover the first two and one-half miles of the varsity course, a sketch of which is posted on the Intramural bulletin board and on the tool shed at the three hole golf course. Four runners may start the race for each team, but only the first three who finish can score. All participants will leport at the Fieldhouse for numbers at 4 p. m. on the day of the race, and from there they will leave together for the starting
point.
Student Industrial Rplations apd Peisonnel committee has made plans for aiding freshman students unable to attend the Enlisted Reserve conferences today and tomorrow. One member of this committee will attend conferences on Thursday and Friday, with the sole aim of recording all questions askeS and answered. Thus the committee will be better prepared to answer questions during interviews with freshmen nit present at the conferences. Membeis of the committee will find then assignments in the notice coli^n, and other members interested in this work may sign in the Personnel office.
Prof. A. T. Wiancko, in charge of the agronomy department, will head a group of agricultural staff members to attend a meeting of fertilizer manufacturers and government agency representatives today and tomorrow in Chicago. Other staff members who will accompany him are Dr. G. D. Scarseth, soil chemist, and Prof. D. M. Doty, state chemist. The purpose of the meeting is to discuss the possible fertilizer shortage situation in the United States and to forr^ a basis of allocating the use of fertilizer throughout the corn belt so that an acute shortage may be prevented.
at guard.
Both offense and defense came in for considerable attention during this afternoon’s scrimmage session, with yearlings. Carefully prepared by Scout Ward “Piggy” Lambert, presenting their version of the Buckeyes’ high-scor-
ing attack.
Aerials And Laterals Added Although considerable attention was devoted to building up defenses for the Ohio State offense, Bramham continued to work on gearing up Purdue’s own attack, adding several aerial and lateral plays to
the repetoire.
The Boilermakers stuck to the ground almost exclusively after their touchdown march against Northwestern. However, it was apr parent that there is apt to be considerably more aerial activity against the undefeated Buckeyes. John Andretich, whose all-around performance was one of the highlights of the triumph over the Wildcats, was doing the bulk of the tossing. Andretich, who has com-
held Tuesday, October 20, over the short Pleted Seven OUt of eleven forWatd
Course starting on pass attempts in three games this the ‘ 3 Hole The course will be the first .
21/2 miles of the varsity course, a sketch season, waS hitting hlS targets With
of which will be found on the tool shed at
the 3 Hole and on the Intramural Bulletin consistent precision.
Board Four men may start the race as Same Backfield your team, the first three to finish to score. t» r
Have your men report at the Fieldhouse Bumham stUck to the Same back* for numbers at 4 o’clock Tuesday, October j 20 All runners should remain in the gym Combination that camed the and go to the starting point together. ikbulk of the burden against NorthThe following Fraternity Touchbaiilwestem, with Bob Hajzyk and Vin- " Snyder alternating at quarter-
Field gbl 1 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Pi Um-|l_ pire, Bussing Ho 2 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha SigmaH„. Phi Umpire, Shook B* 3 Sigma Nu vs Tau Epsilon Phi. Um-
pire, Rodgers
4 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Alpha Kappa Lambda Umpire, Musselman. 6 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Acacia. Umpire,
Emerson
6 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Theta Xi. Umpire, Thompson 7 Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Chi. Um-
pire, Foss
Vincent “Rocky” Snyder
IM Schedules
ack; Andretich paired with Kenny iSmock, elusive broken field runner, iat halfback, and Bill Buffington at
fullback.
In order to strengthen several positions. Coach Burnham called two recruits from Sammy Voinoff’s “B” team. Paul Gutting, an end, and John Wojiechqwski, a blocking
Wf THEJAFSf
Help the Treasury “Minute Men” nf America by guing tn the nearest sture and buying ynur U. S. DEFENSE HD\nS and STAMPS TODAY
Sigma Alpha Mu vs Pi Kappa Alpha, back, were moved up to the varsity. Umpire, Nordquist . , , 9 Beta Sigma Psi vs Tau Kappa Ep- Onuck ClOSe, a blocking back, Was
silon Umpire, Marozick
10 Phi Kappa Tau vs Alpha Chi Rho
Umpire, Herman
11 Delta Upsilon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha.
Umpire, Becker
12 Theta Tau vs Phi Delta Theta. Um-
pire, Pilarski.
13 Delta Chi vs Triangle
14 Theta Chi vs Phi Kappa Sigma n , . k "r Ip Alpha Tau Omega vs Kappa Sigma OOlUmbUS, Via Indiai^pollS. There 16 Beta Theta Vi vs Kappa Delta Rho .^ill be a lunch Stop irt IndianapoHs The following g\pif matches must be at the Severin Hotel, played off and the score returned to the .. j, ,. Intramural Office by Monday morning, Oc- wniCil tile Squad Will continue the
transferred to the center position.
Leave Tomorrow
The Boilermakers will wind up their hard drills this afternoon and will leave tomorrow morning for
Flight Duffm vs.
Knutzen vs.
tober 19 Interfraternity “B”
Spieth
Interfraternity “C” Flight J Myers , Nygren vs Simpson Intiefraternity “D” Flight. Reeves vs.
K A. Koch
Consolation Round Championship Flight: Ainsworth vs Stackhouse, Christy vs. Rob-
erts
Con'Jolation Round "A" Flight. Pearson vs Driscoll, Greiling vs Kercheval, Bennett vs. Weblow Please note that Sunday evening, October 18, IS the deadline for these matches since you have been given ample time to play these matches before now The following Junior-Senior Tennis matches must be played off by Monday morning, October 19, 1942 These matches will not be rescheduled and unless you hnve reported a result to the Intramural Office (2876) you will be dropped from the tournament Bill Kraybill vs M F Anderson C B Francis vs. L E Ratchford. B M. Glazer vs K V Smith Jim Hurwich vs C N Ross The following Sophomore Tennis matches must be played off by Monday morning.
WANTA TINKER? equipment all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E. W. VanMeter, Pres.
journey coaches.
to
following
I
Columl^us on day
Notice
WE’RE ALL OUT FOR FINE FOOD AT THE CDFFEE SHOP
of he PURDUE UNION
Come one! Come all! The food is good and the service is given with a smile! We invite you to visit us at any time!
J/uL fiwvdjujL 714jumrdaL lAmofL Just take a walk through the building!
Pictures of Northwestern game will be shown tonight in the Union. —BURNHAM
October 19. 1942 These matches will not be rescheduled and unless a result has been reported to the Intramural Office by that time you will be dropped from the tourna-K ment. R. S Martin vs Jack Cohen. G E Gifford vs F D Brandel. R NeusSmire vs G. N. Vriens. C H Stockman vs. Sidney Blitz. The following Freshman Tennis Singles matches must be played off by Monday morning, October 19, 1942. These matches will not be rescheduled and unless a result has been reported to the Intramural Office by that time you will be dropped from the tournament James Treffinger vs Tom Ewmg AJ Wunder vs R W Vanderbunt. C B Rahhan vs. D. C. Rasmussen. Jim Murdoch vs Edson Schuman. Steve Thomas vs. John Anderson. The following All-Campus Tennis matches must be played off by Monday morning, October 19, 1942. Please see that results are turned in to Intramural Office by that t\me Dave Rodgers vs J M* Hacwick. H P Voth vs C S. Armstrong, R F Stettner vs. Nat Laskin. « E Rawlings vs. winner of G. E. Gifford vs J A Anderson match. Due to the lateness of the season it is necespry that we get the Tennis schedules completed within the next week. Please play your matches as scheduled.
DOUGLAS SHOES $5.50 - $6.50 PURDUE SHOE STORE 302 State St. West LafayetOl
HOMf OF SPORTSWFU
HENRY ROSENTHAL CO. 32Z Main St,
'*Mi
i'}‘ X
h:
^Purdii& Exponent
f't
>W,.
: fjf ifffi’''*
Thursdity^ October 15, 1942
n
Merry-Go-Round Personnel Notes
/^tContinucd from page 2) the incohsistency of his government in singling out one merchant seaman as a hero while treating others equally valorous, almost like convicts. Witnesses at the meeting, in the House Merchant Marine committee room, presented astounding evidence about the hardships of American seamen stranded on foreign sdil. litoyt Haddock, of the CIO Maritime Committee, testified that 600 seamen, stranded in Trinidad, failed to receive medical treatment for days after being rescued from torpCdoed merchant vessels. In addition, they were given inadequate fbod and clothing. The only toilet facilities, he said, were outhouses, “which could be reached only by trudging through knee-deep mud fdr a half mile.” Conditions are almost equally as bad in Egypt, the Persian Gulf legion, West Africa and other places w'here U. S. seamen have been torpedoed. • Blames State Dept. Haddock blamed State Department “red tape” for these conditions; told how U. S. consuls had refused to provide decent caie and medical attention for stranded seamen, though they have funds for this purpose; how consuls had delayed repatriation for long periods. “The trouble w'ith most of our consuls is that they aie unfit by 'background and associations to deal with people who work for a living,” Haddock declared. “Their treatment of stranded and disabled seamen has bordered almost on ‘the inhuman.” Naval officers have shown a similar, snooty attitude, he added, forcing seamen to sleep on the floor between decks of ships returning them to the United States at times when there were emptj staterooms on the ships. When stranded seamen in Iceland complained about the “concentration camp conditions” they had to endure, a Naval officer an- ' grily told them to “go jump in the Arctic Ocean” if they weren’t satisfied, Haddock said. Note: Recently the repatiiation of torpedoed seamen has been speeded up, due to the joint efforts of the Army Transport Service and the War Shipping Administration. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Companies to visit campus: Monsanto Chemical Company, St. Louis, Missouri—October 15. Perfect Circle Company, Hagerstown, Indiana—October 16. Sylvania Electric Products, Inc., Salem, Massachusetts—October 20. Interested in EE, PSE, ME, Physicists. Curtiss-Wright Corporation, Passaic, New Jersey—October 19, 20 and 21. General Electric Co., Schenectady, New York—October 21, 22 and 23. Tennessee Valley Authority, Wilson Dam, Alabama—October 20 and 21. Interested in chemists or chemical engineers. U. S. Civil Service Commission, Washington, D. C.—October 29. Interested in engineers. ' Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, D. C.—October 16 and 17. Interested in EE, PSE, ME, MetE, Sci. Sign in Personnel Office by 3 p. m. October 15. Sperry Gyroscope Company, Inc., Brooklyn, New York—October 27.
Notices
Applied Mechanics Make-ups: An examination for the lemoval of conditions in AM 21 and 22 will be priven in room 107 of Hcavilon Hall on Saturday, October 17, from 1 to, 4 t>. m. See the undersigned at once. ” —SANDERS
ClassiiEied Ads
Found—Git)’8 cont north of Wbrneil’a Tennis Courih. Ownti call 7801.
Sfdrient rooihs for rent. Private entrance. Ground floor. Private bath. 134 Pjei'ce Street. Phone 2470.
Lost—Blown, void Shieetfer pen betu^cn Chem. Annex, Wood Hall. Reward. Steues, W. R. H.
Money to loan on diamondB, watches, Runs, luRgage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Oflflee, 407 Columbia. '
Single room for boy. One block from Union Available Nov. 1. Phone 0062,
Cosmo Members: Picnic Friday, Oct, 16, at Murdock Park, 4:16 to 7 p. m. Party will leave Room 304 of thb Union at 4:lS if enough,are Koinp:. All Interested be sure to call Fred Tamgnwa, 2416, before Wedneslay afternoon for, if there won’t be enough member;! going, a regular social meeting will be held. —TANIGAWA
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. 0. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phope 2779.
For Sale—Oppossum coat. Reasonable. IIIB Main Street. Phone 76784.
Lost—Slide rule in Fjeldhouso. R. N. Kramer. Phone 6339. Reward.
Will pay cash for any old dr new used
bicycles. Kii
kiger Shell Service, Northwestern
.St Columbia.
Lost—Stormwind, unlined raincoat. John R. HoobcI. 71'i22.
Catalyst Members: There is a compulsory meeting of the entire membership on Thursday, October 15, »t 7 :30 p. m. in Room 302 of the Cliem. and Met Building. —SWAGER
Notice—Chance to make money. Fifteen boys to work at concessions at football game. Tom’s Restaurant.
Lost—Log-log slide mle II. R A. M.E; 42 inschibrd on cabc. $2 50 reward. Call Howie at 31823.
Union Workers: All typists needed to type Dad’s Day Nows. Bring typewriters it possible. Union office at 4 p. m. —KATTERJOHN
Lost—Pen and pencil set somewhere near corner of State and South streets. Name ot owner engraved. Reward offered. Call 31974.
Wesley Players: Meeting Thursday, October 15, 7:30 p. m. at the Foundation House. WeNvill read the plays which will bo given to dedicate our new stage. —WOODWARD
Wanted—Boys are you wasting man hours or are you helping win this war by working otherwise wasted hours. Apply Purduo Union Cafeteria.
Try an Exponent Classified!
Aff. Clirms.: Annual round-up Thursday, October 15, at 7:30 p m at Dr Carr’s bain, 27 N. Salisbury. All Ag Chems. urged to attend —WOODWARD
HARK, HARK, THE LARK . . . Red Skelton lends an ear to the deadpan Virginia O’Brien as she sings a song in M-G-M’s “Panama Hattie,” starting tomorrow at the Mars Theatre. Ann Sothern plays the title role and co-stars with Skelton.
Exponent Workers: Theie will be an important meeting of the following persons on mv beat Thursday, October 15, at 4:^) p m Stephenson, Vegh, Tuttle, Martmdell, Hardy, Wilbur, Baynes, Riggfi and Lynch. —ROQUEMORE
Ag. Ed Society: Meeting Thursday night, October 15, in room 365 of the Union at 7 .30 p m. Prof. Cromer will speak.
Dunbar Manufacturing Co., Berne Indiana—Interested in M. E. and A. E. U. S. Dept, of Interior, Seattle, Washington—^Interested in bacteriologists. Sigii in Personnel Office by Monday noon, October 19. American Aviation Cbrp., Jamestown, New Yoik—Interested in mathematicians. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, October 20.
' Horticultural Who's Who Lists Show To Open Nov. 6 Kriapp, Solberg, Wiley
On South Campus
—DALXELL Skull and Crescent: Important meeting Tuesday, October 20, at 7 r30 p. m in Room 307 of the Union. —WBLTY
Cheerleaders: Report to the Stadium at 4pm Friday, October lb. This includes all those who cartie out last September. —ADAMS
Playshop
Safety Institute Arranges Plant Protection Meetings
Regional meetings for plant protection supervisors, men who are entrusted with the protection programs at industrial concerns over the state, have been ari'anged by the University Public Safety Institute. Announcement of the following schedule for the schools has been made by Capt. Kenneth E. Kline, in charge of the plant protection program : Wednesday, Nov. 4, East Chicago, Elks Lodge ballroom; Thursday, Nov. 5, South Bend, John Nuner School auditorium: Wednesday, Nov. 11, Ft. Wayne, Central High School Auditorium; Thursday, Nov. 12, Kokomo, Memorial Hall, Howard County Court House; Wednesday, Nov. 18, Muncie, Muncie High School auditorium; Thursda.y, Nov. 19, Indianapolis, Woild War Memorial auditoiium; Tuesday, Nov. 24, Evansville, Couit Room, Police Headquarteis, and Wednesday, Nov. 25, Terre Haute, Assembly Room, Chambei of Commeice. Questions Discussed
(Continued from page 1) Not to be f01 gotten when the orchids are being handed out aie Mary Foster as Lulu Pung and Art Barab as “Doc” Feiris who turn in “solid” performances. Marcelda Jacobs, Indiana tiansfer student, is so natuial in her role as the country gossip who is telling the story that we are prone to forget that Purdue is the only place which has the reputation for “corn-fed” beauties. The entire cast also deserves a lound of applause foi a job well done, and H. Kenn Carmichael can add another name on his list of Playshop hits. About the only flaw in the entire production aie a few unconvincing love scenes between the young couple of Haimony Hearth, the Carltons. Sound Effects Were Good The sound and special effects committee should come in for honorable mention for the realistic snow fetorm which keeps whipping around the friendly scene of murder and sabotage in which the play is laid. And, oh yes, the name of his play mentioned so often above is “Cuckoos on the Hearth” oi “Arsenic in Our Town” or “The Man Who Came to Stay All Night in the Tavern Next Door to the Man Who Came to Dinner” (sic). Playshop will offer two more peifoimances; tonight again at 7:30 and tomoirow evening at 8. If you miss it, it is your fault.
Eveiy student on the campus is eligible for the hundreds of dollars in cash and meichandise piizes to be offered at the twenty-second annual horticultural show opening on the south campus Nocembei 6. This announcement has just been made by Maxine Runkle, chan man of the show. \ The show has been divided into five groups and these further subdivided into commercial, 4-H Club and student classes. Any student who has access to apples, vegetables 01 edible nuts, or who can pioduce a suitable special exhibit, may wm silver loving cups, ribbons, cash and meichandise prizes. These merchandise piizes include magazine subsciiptions, nuiseiy stock, insecticides, vegetable and flower seed orders, valuable leference books, soil test kits and many more items. The full details about the competitive exhibits are written up in
Thirty-six members of the Univeisity faculty were included in the lecently published 1942 edition of Who’s Who in America. New' additions to the lole of piominent Americans included: W. A. Knapp, Assistant Dean of Eng'ineeiing; H. L. Solbeig, Head of School of Mechanical Engineeiing; R. B. Wiley, Head of School of Civil Engineeiing. The fiist issue of Who’s Who in America was compiled in 1899. It is now published regularly every tw'o years. The present volume contains nearly 40,000 biographies. Accoiding to its pieface, “the eniollment constitutes a distinctly Ameiican gcvtheiing” of living men and
women.
(tiider Club: Meetint? Thursday, October 15, at 7 .30 p m in Room 236 of the Union —SHAKEL
Scriveners. Club meeting: Thuisday, October 15, at 7.16 p m in Room 263 of the Union —DRAY
Sig:ma Delta Psi: Important meeting on Thuisday, Octobei 22, in Room 107 of the Fieldhou6>e at 7 p m. Election of two officers will be held —SEATON
Lutheran Students: Round-table discussion on Sunday. October 13. Meet in Room 307 of the Union at 7 30 p m. —WALLACE
Personnel Room Assig-nmcnts in Union
Thursday:
it a m—Swapei, 302, Ncubaucr, 303, M A Green, 304, J GiRey, 305, Hazzlund,
307
10 a, m—Schakcl, Gillcy, 302, Swager, 303 Baldwin, 304, Dan Watt, 306, M. A
Green 307
11 a m—Neal. 302. Schakel. MacBlaii, 101, Baldwin, 304, Wilbon (Bob), 305, Van Bchren, 307 1pm —Keim ‘102 , Dannimiller, 303 . Schockcncy, 301, Weber, 305, Ball (Chan),
307
an attiactive show' catalog There is no cost foi this booklet and it may be had by writing oi calling at the main office on the second floor of the Horticultuial Building. It will be sent fiee to anybody anywheie.
2 p m — Schockcncy, 302 , Lon?, 303, Kc liman, 304 Kuch, 305 > p m —Neal, 302, Lonz, 303; Gaidncr, 304 , Kuch, 105 4 p m —Neal 302 Gaidncr, 303, Ball ^Chan), 304, Hiimphrtv, 305
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
09R NEWEST
\'0
D'ORSAY PUMPS BOW PUMPS
HU
Eds, Coeds
. . . danced in the noith balhoom Tuesday afternoon to lecorded music. This w'as the second of a series of tea dances sponsored by the Student Union.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
(f Onr Distribution Methods this year are better than ever, but were still not perfect.
We appreciate your complaints, because they help to improve our system.
ADVERTISE!
For those lost articles!
I
ONLY— 2c per word for one or two insertions (minimum 25c) Ic per word for additional insertions (minimum 15c) in the
Please, though, when calling in CALL 4005 between 4:00 iand 6:00 p. m, ‘J and ask for
PuhjduJL £xfummL
EXPONENT CIRCULATION