! ■* ‘
©he ffuriue TSxpantnt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME ^Vltl
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1937
Convict Senior Activity Student Of Dishonesty
Executive Committee Assesses Student Six Additional Hours Of Work For Graduation A prominent senior activity man has been convicted of dishonesty for a forgery he committed during registration for the second semester. He has been assessed an extra six hours of work for graduation and will not be allowed to graduate this
spring.
Garland Wins Cotillion Ducat
Submits Best Decorative Scheme For Sophomore Dance
Decoration plans for the annual Sophomore Cotillion submitted by T. P. Garland, sophomore public service engineering student, were judged best by the Cotillion committee, it was announced last night. So far as can be determined, lights have never before been used in such a manner as Garland proposes to employ them. All other decorations have been toned down and set up especially to throw emphasis on the lights. New frames for the backdrop are being made, and if they prove successful, will be adopted for permanent use. The new band stand, with hardwood 1 floor and rounded comers is also employed to the best advantage in this entirely new decorative scheme .
J. M. Schopmeyer, of Poland, Ind., who was graduated last August with a B. S. A. degree in agricultural chemistry, recently accepted a position with Armour and Company of Chicago. Schopmeyer is connected with the chemical laboratories of the company.
An exhibit of posters designed by freshmen home economics students is now on display in the applied design laboratories, room 202 and 204, of Building No. 2. The exhibit covers a beginning poster project, with the letters carried out in tempera or with cut paper.
March 11, 1937 INA Ray Hutton speaks in the Daily Pennsylvanian: “I got along without a college education. As for the rest of the girls—what happens ? They go through school, get out, get married, and in two years they don’t even remember what they learned in their hygiene
courses
RECENTLY^ a student at Nebraska State College stood up before his hundred zoology classmates and apologized to them, the instructor, and the university for cribbing in a two-hour exam ... Quick! Diogenes the lamp!
—-SO""*
INTELLIGENCE test, from the Oregon State Emerald—and its all in seriousness. The idea is to underline the right answer: “A prognosticator is (1) a ground hog. (2) a student who hands in his pai)ers late. (8) a liar. (4) a sports columnist . . .”
—30—
WORDS of wisdom, from the Michigan State Daily: “Life is one damfool thing after another Love is two damfool things after each
other!” ""'—SO'—**
STATISTICIANS at Princeton recently dug up the following dirty tricks that some novelists play on the eyes of their characters: “Marjory would often take her eyes from the deck and cast them far out at sea.” “He tore his eyes from her face and they fell on the letter at her feet.” (Splash!) “Her eyes roamed carelessly around the room.” “Their eyes met for a long breathless moment, and swam togethei;'.”
The executive committee of the faculty handled the case instead of the committee for the promotion of student honesty as the offense did not occur in the classroom. Forged Name The senior forged a professor’s name in order to gain admittance to a class which was closed when he applied for a class card during registration. After close questioning, the senior admitted forging the name. He also was forced to drop the course to which he had obtained illegal ad-
mittance.
The committee did not decide to drop the senior from his activity. However, the committee indicated that it still may take action in this direction. “■
Frosh To Hear
Science Talks
“Occupational Opportunities In Psychology And Education,” will be the subject of a lecture given jointly by Professors H. H. Remmers and R. R. Ryder today at 4 p. m. in the large lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Freshman Lectures In this lecture, which is one of a series of lectures for freshmen on the occupational opportunities open to graduate^ in the school of science, the various qualifications for work in the field of psychology and education wll be discussed. The points to be enumerated are: the training essential, the remuneration for the work, supply and demand, and the nature of the work in these fields. While these lectures are designed primarily for freshmen in the school of science, anyone desiring to at-
tend, may do so.
Triangle Pledging ^ Triangle fraternity announces the pledging of G. W. Reid of Indianapolis.
Henry Thompson, operatic tenor who will appear with the White Hussars in the last concert convo of the year Thursday evening.
Herbert Petrie’s White HussarsTo Render Operatic Symphonic Program In Final Concert Convocation Tonight At 8; Perform At Je;ff High This Morning
Herbert Petrie and his White
Hussars will render a complete symphonic, operatic program in the Memorial Gymnasium starting at 8 o’clock tonight in the last concert convocation for the year. This colorful musical organization, consisting of six men and two women artists, has made appearances before leading college, university, clqb, and convention groups throughout the nation. Petrie’s list of return dates indicate that his programs hold as much attraction for the exacting critic as for the casual con-cert-goer. Solo Cometist Petrie himself has not only won national recognition as former solo cornetist in the famous Naval Battalion Band, but since has received even greater approval as a producer and director on the concert stage. This skilled musician has combined the artistry of modem showmanship with his programs to such an extent that they are said to have a universal appeal. All his performers are clothed in white and gold Hussar uniforms, and special light-
Amelia Earhart Putnam Ready For Trip Around World In Flying Laboratory^
Amelia Earhart is practically ready to lift her $80,000 “flying laboratory” from the municipal airport at Oakland, Calif., and head it into one of the most spectacular and hazardous adventures ever attempted by any person, man or woman—a 27,000 mile flight around the world. First in many things, as well as in the eyes of countless Purdue students, she will be the first person of either sex to pilot a multimotored plane, practically unaided, on an around-the-world trip. Her ship is, of coprse, the Lockheed Electra presented to her by the Purdue Research Foundation, with its home port the University flying field. Navigator Capts^n Harry Jdanning, of the United States Lines, is to accompany her as navigator on the 7,P00 mile trip across the Pacific, but, according to latest information, the remaining 20,000 miles will be undertakdh alone. For the last few days Miss Earhart has been putting her ship through the paces, testing it for its zig-zag trip above and below fhe equator. When questioned about her. wardrobe, she replied that she was taking only a small suitcase on her world jaunt. Inside it will be extra slacks and shirts, a change or two of linen, mechanic’s garb, a tooth-hrush and the like. Fivst Stop Taking off from Oakland, her first stop will be Honolulu, follow-
ing the trail blazed by KingsfordSmith and his three companions. From there, she will bear southwest, making her second stop 1,000 miles from Honolulu at Howland Island, a tiny speck of land developed by the Department of Commerce for just this purpose. Then comes the longest jump of the entire journey, a 2,600 mile flight to Lae, in the gold fields of New Guinea. Thence she hops 1,200 miles to Port Darwin, off the northern tip of Australia, on westward as far as Earchi, India, then to Aden, a British outpost on the Red Sea.
Across Africa Next comes the trip, by easy stages, across the heart of Africa to Dakar, Senegal, the jumping off place for the 1,800 mile South Atlantic crossing to Natal, Brazil.
From Natal, Amelia plans to fly up the coast to Fortaleza, Para, Paramaribo,- Quiriquire, and so on to Maracaibo in Venezuela, hopping from there to Panama, thence to Central America*, via Managua and Guatemala City to Vera Cruz and Mexico City. Back Home
From there she may go directly to her starting point, or may come to Lafayette, then back to' Oakland.
The whole trip, with “breaks” on weather conditions and flying equipment, may take little more than 15 days.
ing and scenic effects go with each program. Tenor, Harpist, Soprano ' In addition to the brass ensembles and solos, the White Hussars present Henry Thompson, tenor, formerly with the Chicago Civic Opera, Maryn Prosesel, noted harpist who has appeared with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, and Blanche Elaine Frye, accompanist and soprano soloist. High School Program The White Hussars will give a convocation entertainment at Jefferson high school gsrmnasium this morning at 10 o’clock preceding the University convocation tonight.
Ags Speak At Rotary Lunch
Prof. R. A. Coleman, director of agricultural extension work, and Donald Paarlberg, agricultural first year student, winner of the silver loving cup awarded by the Lafayette Rotary Club^ for outstanding work in the eight week short course of 1936, were speakers at the Ro-
tary Club’s regular luncheon this week. Speech Topics Coleman, in speaking on “Soil Conservation,” warned that food prices and taxes would continue to increase unless steps were taken to prevent soil erosion. Paarlberg spoke on “What Education Means To Indiana Farm Boys.” Prof. O. G. Lloyd, head of the University farm management department, presented corn-judging and farm management loving cups.
Gold Peppers To Name Pledges At Annual Bid Dance
Accompanied by the music of Dick Hartom and his band from the University of Illinois, the formal announcement of Gold Pepper pledges will take place at the honorary’s co-ed bid dance tomorrow night at 10:30 in the Memorial Union ballroom. Outstanding Juniors These girls, who must be judged outstanding in the major activities, by the Gold Pepper actives, are chosen from a complete list of junior girls, barring those with a scholastic average under 3.6. Tickets for the dance are still on sale at $1.00 each at the sorority houses, the Women’s Residence Hall, and at the Union desk.
368 Students Achieve
Polyhalite—a triple sulphate of pure calcium, magnesium and potassium—^has been found nowhere in the world, as far as is known, except in three Texas counties.
Distinguished Rating
Musham, M, E, Junior; FinkelstmUf E* E, Sophomore; Doud, Ag, Seniorf Get 6.5 index Three hundred and sixty-eight University students qualified for the rating of Distinguished Student, highest schoktstie citation obtainable at Purdue, for work completed during the first semester of the present academic year. The list included 111 freshmen, 89 sophomores, 71 juniors, and 97 seniors. 6.5 Students
mmemm
Heading the list of outstanding scholars were three students who
achieved a perfect scholastic index of 6.60. The “perfect” students were Lester Finkelstein, Chicago, 111., a sophomore in electrical engineering; William C. Musham, Oak Park, 111., a junior in mechanical engineering; and Lome J. Doud, of Denver, Col., a senior in agriculture. Close behind was William A. Alice, of Greencastle, a junior in mechanical engineering, with an index of 6.45. Among the other high scholastic rating students were Emmett C. ’ Alexander, Wheaton, 111., a junior in electrical engineering, with 6.29, and Glen D. Cross, Rockford, Ohio, junior in public service engineering, with 6.26.
Chemicals To Elect Options
March 20 Deadline For Elective Selections
Professor J. L. Bray, head of the school of chemical engineering, today annotmced that sophomore and junior chemicals must choose their electives for the coming year, before March 20. At the same Ume sophomore chemicals must indicate their choices of options for their junior year. Blanks which must be used to supply this information are now available at Heavilon Hall. At present there are options for the sophomores in General Chemical Engineering, Metallurgy, and Organic Technology.
Festival Day Program Tryouts Begin Today In Women’s Gymnasium
Dance tryouts for the first Festival Day pageant will be given today in the Women’s G3rmnasium from 4 to 6:46 o’clock. This festival is a part of the University program in honor of University mothers to be held on May 8. Floy Crepps and Jean Small, the dancing co-chairmen, urge all coeds to try out. Approximately 100 girls will be chosen by a studentfaculty committee to participate in the pageant.
Tri-Romance
Plot Is Union
Show Theme
By Don Paarlberg
You can’t get a show together without some kind of a story to hang it onto, no matter how many beautiful girls or snappy songs you have. Luckily the author of “Castles In The Air” did a good job of the story. The plot literally drips with drama and bristles with suspense. Songs break forth with the least provocation, and the whole story hangrs fire while the chorus trips off a flashy tap dance. Prince Jones Bill Jones is cast as a prince, chiefly so that Betty Granger can sing for him. That is, he thinks it’s for him, but the audience knows better. And Karl Mueller, as the villainous Cotmt Draaga, tries in vain to bring the proud beauty to her knees. Mary Ed Johnston and Fred Adirens fight to a draw in a contest of repartee for the second romance of the show. Martha Whitehead, as a French opera star, has designs upon
'Tickets available at the Mars box office which wUl be from 1 till 9 today indode: 4 seats on main floor, 2 m the boxes, 13 on the mezzanine^ 135 in the balcony. Plenty of seats left for matinee. Both Union desks open all day.
Dave Thompson, the manager of her opera company. That makes three romances, one of them a triangle, all parallel, and all interwoven with a case of mistaken identity, forming a geometric figure that would baffle most nmth professors. Court Jester Add to this Leonard Everett, gibbering court jester, Jerry Ciral, the blustering Chancellor, C. D. WiUcox, the loyal Latavian General, Gaby Roe, the Queen Regent, Tom Garland, a butleh, and George daypole, a friend of Betty Granger. Stir well with emotion, sprinkle generously with beautiful girls and serve while hot with plenty of good music. There you have “Castles In The Air,” a dish fit to set before a king.
Gordon Enders To Talk On Tihetj Land Of Mystery^ At AlUScience Dinner
Rapid sale of tickets indicates that interest is mounting in the AllScience dinner to be held next Tuesday evening in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building, at which Gordon B. Enders, acclaimed the greatest living authority on Tibetan folklore and adventure, is to appear. Enders, who is foreign advisor to the Grand Lama of Tibet, is not only the first foreigner in history to hold a
cabinet post under the ruler of the ‘hermit kingdom,’ but is also the first foreigner to be given the title and the rank of the Tibe t a n nobility, with a seat in the upper house of the Tibetan National Assembly, oldest parliament in the world. Tibet, Forbidden Land Enders states that Tibet is still a forbidden land, though not so tightly closed as it was in the oldk en days. In early years, entry into
that country was usually made at the price of death at the hands of some fanciful priesh Tibet is still a place of mystery to most people, and its subjects are as different from the people of other lands as they can possibly be. 'Tickets Still Available Tickets, priced at 75 cents each, can still be purchased from Dean H. E. Enders or from members of Delta Rho Kappa, honorary science fraternity. Although the dinner is designed primarily for science' students, faculty members and other persons desiring to attend can purchase tickets.
Alpha Oii Alumitae Have Dinner Meeting
Alpha Chi Omega Alumnae Club held a dinner meeting Tuesday ev«K ning at the home of Miss LueiUo Anderson. Mrs. Stanley Green, Mrs. pavid Mack, Mrs. D. W. Owen, and Miss Thelma Scanlon, and Mss. James Williams were assisting hostesses. Following the husinftsa meeting, L. M. Yafiely reviewed Bertilda BEarding’s new nevd, Golden Fleece.”
’ll
' JV" '
[4 «'t'^if'
‘ ^ 'i ^ ’•i' tl'i ' '‘‘I / TBE PUItDlTB EXPONENT
' I's Ivi-
QTI^e ^ttrirtte exponent
fMMMta im
9towocwte4 fetWtttf jltftM
tl9S4
1935 f VASOOKSM
MPIICSKNTKD rOR NATIOHAU ADVKRTtSINO RY National Advertising Service, Inc Colhgf Pmblttknrs RepretemtaHve 4asO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAOO • BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO LOS ANOCLES - PORTLAND - SEATTLE
■ntsred as sseoad class matter at the post office, Lafayc^ Indfanfc bmO, es.«0 par year: dellrered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by a single copy, 8 centa.
Basiness nione BOSS
OFFICE!—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Stadent Publication of Purdue University EDITORIAL BOARD OP CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
% H. Morris
Iffawylwj , _ — JAMoeUto Edlton K, A. Barnette, J. B. Brock, A. H. Forster, E. Ps Manion. C. U S^homore Aseistanta W. M. Antiiony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J.R Clark
Id. S. Hardin, C, D. Schroeder, H. L S^back, D. K. Vmcm
B. H. Eellogir, Ks B. O Neil
Bold and Black Editor J- C. Ohaver
Business Manager National Adrertising Manager. Loeal Advertising Manager.
Circulation Manager
BU8INBB8 8TAKF
..R. J. Hnlse
L. H. Brown D. C. Miller J. P. Girard
Editor Associate EMitors..
SPORTS STAFF r t. w L. D. Wood “Z Wi H. Kfl'eld, S. E. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
WOMEN'S STAFF „ , ^ v Mitor. — .Helen Creech Associate Editors Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, ^isabe^ AdrertisiBg Manager Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—H. I. Stanback
Goiumuiiism In The Schools To The Exponent: Colleges and universities have long been centers of progress, both scientific and social, and because of their progressive activities, they have been the object of an overwhelming amount of adverse criticism for many centuries. Since the birth of communism and socialism, a small minority of college students and faculty members has adhered to the principles these “isms” expound. And since these forms of government have been recognized as existing, they have been discussed both in the classroom and in informal student gatherings. Such things have lead many persons and organizations to accuse institutions of higher learning of being the agencies responsible for the growth of communism and socialism. Prominent in attacks on colleges have been W. R. Hearst and his newspapers, the American Legion, druggist Charles Walgreen, and even the Daughters of the American Revolution, though to a lesser degree. With the exception of Hearst, the al^ve have been, for the most part, well-meaning in their efforts, but have not placed the correct interpretation on the facts. Teachers’ oath bills, too, have been in the spotlight for the past year or two because they usually condemn the teaching of communism in any form in the schools. Last year the United States Congress followed the examples of several state legislatures when it forbade paying salaries in the public schools of the District of Columbia to anyone “teaching or advocating communism.” Such proposals, often involving fine points of interpretation, have been bitterly fought by many enlightened factions, but a<=i vet apparently without avail. However, there is one thing which must be considered before attempting to eradicate communism in this manner, namely that there are four major, recognized systems of govemmeni>—fascism, socialism, capitalism, and communism. A large part of the world’s population believes that capitalism is the only practical and just system, but the arguments of the others, particularly the communists and socialists, are often so attractive that listeners are more or less readily converted to them. It is only by proper education and enlightenment that the disadvantage and impracticabilities of these systems can be understood. In order to properly fight the threat of communism, there must first be an understanding of its workings, and it is toward this end that nearly all classroom discussions are directed. In attempting to eliminate this essential type of communistic instruction more harm than good is being done, since it is the uneducated man who is most susceptible to communism. The hypothetical average man thinks only in terms of things he sees every day, and, with his naturally limited experience, cannot perceive all the faults of these newer ideas. But he does see the want and misery which are so common in this world, and to him communism or socialism may appear the simplest solution. Therefore, to the thinking individual, the college that “openly discusses” communism is distinctly preferable to the one which says nothing whatsoever on the subject, leaving its students to pick up as many false ideas as they can, not attempting to provide an unbiased, more correct view of the situation. Representative Fred J. Sisson, of New York, recently introduced a bill which would permit instruction in the facts about communism, showing reasoning along lines that appear sound. Said Representative Sisson, “The best way to combat communism or anything else which is destructive of our present order is not to cloak it in mystery or secrecy but to let the facts be known. The prohibition against the teaching of communism would very likely carry with it the idea that students in the schools should not be allowed to gain facts about the social, economic, or political systems of other countries and could be based only upon the assumption that our young people are too feeble-minded to know the truth about things.” Consideration of this viewpoint by the organizations and groups so ardently opposed to the spread of communism will undoubtedly lead to better methods of conducting such campaigns. Therefore many of the past actions of these militant groups might be excused on the ground of ignorance, but in the future, if they continue to pursue such false policies, the only conclusion will be that they choose to ignore these facts. —W. T. H.
IitftiinDus Line... nnd the tic^kets to the Union Show are almost gone. IP YOU’EE INTERESTED . in seeing an unusual pose of Union Show lead, BETTY GRANGER . . . take a gander at the one that is to be placed on the bulletin board of the Union this morning ... Yea, the gal that brute is holding is the one and only ... that photo is under lock' and key . . . WHERE THERE IS BOWLING . . . . there is also BERNADINE BARNES . . . her latest escapade . . . a bet . . . JIM ZACHARY'S Sig Pi pin against her Pi Phi pledge pin . . . loser of a game pays . . . JIM lost by one point . . . now he won’t pay off . . . COULD YOU FEATURE: 1. Purdue without exams . . . 2. ALICE PARLON true to one guy . . .
3. 4. 6.
lor .
6.
nette . . . 7. DOTTY KUEHN not standing up for some sort of something . . . 8. AL BRANDT without a camera . . . 9. MARY (Alpha Xi Prexy) HURYCH smiling . . . 10. RUTHIE LOVE without her great big pin . . . 11. WINNIE GREGORY as a “hotcha-gal”. . . . 12. CHARLIE TREES as a meek little boy wearing sensible clothes and never thinking anything 13. Good service in the Union Grille . . . 14. Miss “Physics” MITCHELL on a toot. ..
A Theta voting for a Kappa .. A Chi O not after some man.. HARVEY CLINE as a senDOTTY BOENICKE as a bru-
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all w© do, but w© do it well Opposite Post Office WaUatse Blodi 322 Perry St.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. BISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
17 Schools Send Delegates For. State Play Day Representatives 'of 17 Indiana colleges and uhiversities will attend the annual State College Play Day to be held at the University Saturday, !l^arch 13.' W. A. A., the organization which is sponsoring the all day meeting, is planning an open discussion on Saturday morning. Women’s Residence Hall will serve lunch to the visitors at 1 o’clock. Miss Elizabeth Halsey, the head of the women’s physical education department at the University of Iowa will speak on “The Opportunity For Leadership For College Women In Campus And Community.” Games “Play Day” activities during the day will include a series of volleyball games, ping pong, and badminton matches. Saturday afternoon, teams from Ball State and Purdue will demonstrate non-rotation volleyball. The day’s program will conclude with a tour of the campus and inspection of the W, A. A. cabin.
HOUSE . . . are thanking Phi Pi Phi “Willie” REYNOLDS for the
candy . . a pin . . LAND . the way
. another sucker planking the girl . . . LOIS KIRT- . what is this A D T, by
WHO—MARS—WHO GET OUT YOUR LAST YEAR’S DEBRIS ... if you haven’t got one there’s one at the Union Desk waiting for your use . . .or if that won’t do—^try the library . . . NO. 1— She has a very determined look . . . her man is begging I think . .. NO. 2— Keep that DEBRIS out ... he has his hands in his pockets .. . his vest is a sweater ... NO. 3— His picture for that DEBRIS was taken at eighteen minutes after two. There will be nine of these thumb nail sketches and all will be taken from last year’s DEBRIS . . if you haven’t one—^there is one at the Union desk placed there for your use in this contest . . .
15. MAL MORENCY, Phi Kappa Sig prexy, as a goody-goody boy never touching the stuff . . . 19. Phi Psi RAFTREE doing what someone asks of him without getting temperamental. . . 20. KARL MUELLER as a modest child . . . 21. Hatchet-Puss in the reserve reading room not trying to get two bits out of someone . . . 22. MARION LOVE a happy go lucky, gay dog . . . 23. A Pi Phi having a serious thought. . . 24. An Alpha Xi turning down a pin . . . 25. Beta WEARLY putting on the dog for a group of his feminine admirers . . . 26. “Pinkey” WRIGHT with a heavy black beard . . . 27. A Sweet Shop waitress ever getting a chance to loaf . . . 28. JOE QUINLAN wearing a white shirt . . . 29. A VACATION . . . CLEVER BOY ... PEGGY HAMILTON received her corsage for the Kappa formal last Saturday night C. O. D. . . . when she asked him she at least expected a free gratis corsage . . . but you can’t outsmart some guys . . . personally, I would not have the nerve . . . ON AGAIN—OFF AGAIN FORD . . . FRANKIE puts HARRY HUGHES’ pin on and off as though it were her red flannels . . she is getting down in MARY ANN KELSAY’S class . . . only difference . . . FORD sticks to one man ... I forgot to mention . . . she’s wearing it again . . . THE GIRLS AT THE A D T
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
TODAY—FRIDAY—SATURDAY - ? FIRST RUN HITS Double talk . . . double fun . . . you’ll double up with laughs when these two zanies of the cinema go to town. Incidentally, there’s plenty of love! ,
OlE OLSEn
' aHimiff ESITUEIIIEII JOYCE COMPTON • L!LA LEE ^ PLUS SECOND HIT
MikMMfali
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Tsst—waiter—scratch off everything but cheese sandwiches before you hand her the menu.”
M.E. 31 Class Hears Lecture On Boilers An illustrated lecture on boilers was given by Professor H. L. Solberg in his M. E. 31 class yesterday. This lecture was one of the four such illustrated lectures given each semester in this class. The pictures for these lectures are furnished by large industrial concerns who are engaged in the manufacture of heating and ventilating equipment. The pictures used in yesterday’s lecture were furnished by the Combustion Engineering Co. The subjects for the remaining lectures of the semester
have hot been announced as yet, but Professor Solberg is contacting several large companies for the loan of pictures of coal and tm’bines.
ARC TODAY—FRIDAY—SATURDAY
Buck Jones in “Treason” —and— James Dunn in ‘Two Fisted Gentleman” —also— Clyde Beatty in “DARKEST AFRICA”
w EMOTIONS DRAMA FI ...As Passions dash in a Penthouse studio... and a night club blonde bares her fangs to win a male beyond her reach!
LUMA
2 Big Hits Today Fri.—Sat.
ANDHEtlVEl BY ft Boak F RULES*
—^Plus— “Along the Mediterranean” Traveltalk In Color Today—^Friday m£rs' " fl>W^>.iMa*4t.,188?...
-.'5,_ V
If''
' i'J*" ~^}
^ - p
i. k «■’ #
Trackmen To Compete EChicago Big Ten Meet ^tro Day Contact Will Dl^iM Sktrk Pt&m All €6Vi» ference Schools; WUliamson And Bodeau Carry Vatsity Hopes
Boileirmaker trackmen tvill tiravel to Chicago tomorrow to take part in a two-day Big Ten meet Friday and Saturday. The meet» the results of wl^ich will decide the Big Ten track championship, will draw contestants from every school in the con-
ference. ^
Coach Orval'^Martin, while
not expecting to carry off first place honors, has high hopes of Winnifig at least two ihdividual events. He looks to caiitaih Willii^oli to cot) the high juM|> ahdi ]^deau to win the halfmile. Kine Man Team In addition to these two men, seven others have beett given places on the squad so far, and several
Improve Yoiir Ballroom Dancing Learn the Late Dips and Swing Time Dances.
New Advanced Class Opens Tonight 7:3® P. M.
Allen !s 6th and Ferry
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Gay Deceivers
Appearances are deceptive — these lovely chiffons look even sheerer than they really are — yet there's a world of service hidden in each silken strand.
Beautifully dull. Ringless. Newest collors.
89c to $1.50 pair THIEME &WANGERIN CO.
West Side Square
more will be added before the meet. Long will run the two-mile, Knapp the mile, and Moore the half and mile. The 440 Will be run by Terjbund dnd the dashes by DeLong. Murphy will wdirk in the shot put division and Lemen y^ill perform in the hurdles. Coach “Orv” Martin will fill out the rest of the team as soon as he can clock a few more
25 Enroll In Life
Saving Classes
Practice sessions for those who wish to qualify for the American Red Cross senior life-saving rating were started Monday afternoon with an enrollment of 25 students
Due to the fact that members of the National Red Cross field stalf are tied up by the fiood conditions, Homer Allen, of the Purdue staff, assisted by Larry LaBree and P. I. Merritt, will be in charge of the examiner’s work which will start on March 22,
Boot Shop Bowlers Beat Donnelly’s
staging a last minute rally led by Pla^p, the Varsity Boot Shop quintet of Purdue defeated Donnelly’s of Crawf ordsville in a bowling contest 6n the Lafayette alleys Sunday. The Booters were trailing 1,757 to 1,705 at the start of the last game, but came from the reUr taking 932 pins to the visitor’s 821 to" win a 2,637 to 2,578 decision. Babcock and Muelhausen of the University team were most consistent, rolling 565 and 551 series, respectively.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
OPEN fob business LITTLE HILL TOP SANDWICH SHOP
108 S. Pierce
DorneFs Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
DR. A. M, IRION DENTIST
llOVz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Family
2 FIRST RUN Today—^Fri.—Sat.
BOB ALLEN M^RDE
•—"and-
kANM DVORAK JOHN LITEL Pint National Pictaie A Warner Brea
I field
Bo
ielder’s....
choice
By Bob Wal|H»Ie««MM-i
Two Boilermaker netmen earned the honor of All-Americaq.. . . CoCaptaitt Glen Downey, and Jewell Young ... four straight years Piggy Lambert has developed All-Am-erican material . . . since we huve been ih school there has been Norman Cottom for one year . .*« Bob Kessler for two, and now, Downey and Young . . . who says Lambert isn’t the best coach in the country.
-fc-
Tuesday night an Indiana alumni five beat a Purdue alumni five 52 to 39 . . . the Boilermakers were represented by Wheeler, Doxie Moore, Jim Seward, Red Lambert, and Carl Heldt. . . the contest was played in Terre Haute . . .
-fc-
Captain Paul Vernor will probably be Purdue’s only representative in the Big Ten conference swimming meet this week-end in Bloomington . . . Vernor, who has been copping high point honors in most of the meets this year, wiR compete in the free-style events... last year he tied for a third in the 50-yard free styles. . . —^fc— Mrs, Robert Kessler, wife of the famous Purdue basketball star, underwent an operation for appendicitis on Tuesday . ..
-fc-
This column will be taken by Associate Sport Editor Bill Fifield tomorrow . . . our third guest columnist . . .
Correction
A faculty bowling team, not a Union faculty team, will meet the Illinois faculty here Saturday. A student team will face an Illinois student team in another match. The facts were misstated in yesterday’s Exponent.
GHd CoAches Plan Sixth Annual Clinic Kizer Announces Pro--am For Gridiron Coaches April 9-10
Purdue Univemity’s sixth annual football clinic will be held here Friday and Saturday, April 9-10, when between 400 and 500 high school and college coaches from Indiana and neighboring states are expected to gather for a comprehensive twoday program of addresses, demonstrations, and round-table discusMoub. The gridiron clinic, originated by Kizer six years ago, provides an opportunity for high school and college coaches to exchange ideas and discuss their common problems. Since the'first clinic, held in 1932, the popularity of the gathering has grown by leaps and bounds, until today it is unoflScially considered as •'the annual reunion of midwestern mentors. In addition to the members of the University gridiron staff, other outstanding high school and college gridiron technicians will cooperate in conducting the two-day program of addresses and demonstrations. The whole program is being planned to present practical information that will be of immediate value and at the same time allow ample opportunity for round table discussion and individualized instruction on particular problems. Members of the football squad, which will J)e in the midst of spring drill, will serve as models for practical field demonstrations of fimdamentals that -will supplement the more technical program of addresses. . In addition, two picked Boilermaker elevens will stage a demonstration game as the closing feature of the clinic, playing under the rules that will be in effect next fall.
Junior Prom Regulations
1. Jimiors and seniors, as listed with the Registrar, ■will be the only imdergraduate students allowed to purchase tickets. 2. Only twenty-five (25) tickets will be allotted to members of the University staff. The same regulations will apply to faculty ticket holders as to undergraduates. ^ 3. In order that arrangements for out-of-town dates may be made, announcement if the distribution of tickets ■will be made on or before March 26. 4. Permits for tickets will be distributed starting Saturday, March 6, and will close Thxursday, March 18. Permits will be issued daily during this period, from 4 until 5:30, excepting Saturdays, when the Student Senate office will be open from 1 until 5 o’clock. 5. Applicants ■will have personal pictmres taken at the time they apply for permits. There will be no charge for pictures taken. 6. If the application is approved, it must be taken to the Gash7^ ier’s office, in the Executive Building, where applicant must sign permit in presence of the Cashier, attesting to the fact that he will be the sole usex of the ticket.' Applicant must then pay Cashier four dollars ($4.00), the price of the ticket, and receive a stamped receipt. This must be done before Tuesday, March 23. 7. Actual distribution oT the tickets will begin on Tuesday, April 13, at which time the tickets will be given out by the Cashier in exchange for the receipt stub. 8. If the owner of the ticket does not coincide with the picture that is stamped on it, the individual will not be admitted to the dance, and the name of the original purchaser will be turned over to the Executive department of the University for disciplinary
action.
9. In order that the affair may be kept strictly a Junior-senior dance, a suitable method of controlling pass-out checks will be used to insime against their transferal. It is hoped that there will be sufficient number of admission tickets available for all applicants. —Junior Prom Committee.
EASTER FOOTWEAR
New patterns that are pleasing to the eye and leading in style. So low priced.
and $3.98
Blue - Grey Beige Brown - Black All Materials BUDGET-SHOES DOWNSTAIRS
Loeb & Hene Co.
Spring Ba$6haU Praeiiee Starta
Although everybody Is shivering and the ground covered with snow, spring athletics have already made their appearance with the start of baseball practice in the horse bam on the south campus. Infiield and battery aspirants for the varsity team are going through limbering up exercises under the direction of Coach C. S. “Pop” Doan and “Chief” M. L. Clevett. As soon as the weather breaks the rest of the team ■will be called out and actual practice will start on Intramural Field to get the team in shape for its strenuous season’s schedule.
Indiana Bc^is
WTO
All-Star Team
Former CoHegiBto Cog* ers Meet At Tei*re Hiitite
Co-eds To Sponsor Mixed Swim Meet
Purdue sportswomen will sponsor an evening of mixed swimming tomorrow night from 7:30 to 9 in the Memorial Gymnasium. ‘ This organization has been sponsoring mixed volleyball games on previous Friday evenings but the decorating for State Play Day will make the use of the Women’s Gymnasium impossible tomorrow. There will be a meeting of the sportswomen at the Womens’ Gsrm following the swim.
Triton Club To Enter State Swimming Meet
Plans have been made for the Triton Club to enter the state telegraphic s^wimming meet. The campus s'wimming tournament recently held was won by Kappa Alpha Theta sorority. Chi Omega and Alpha Xi Delta tied for second place, and Kappa Kappa Gamma was third. Barbara Cook took indmdual scoring honors.
V. H. Norford, civil engineering graduate of 1931, has just accepted a new post in the architectural engineering depar|tment of Swift & Co., Chicago, 111. Norford for the past five years has been a designing engineer in the bridge department of the Indiana State Highway Corn-
Daughters and sons of business men make up more than half of the student population of Carleton College.
The Pnrdtie AD-Stttn^ » ball squad composed of former Boilermakeir net stars, lost to IndRana’s All-Stars at Terre Haute on Tuesday night, 52-39. The Gold and Black “alums” were handicapped by the absence of titeir two all-Ammrican forwakds, Cottom and Kessler. The Indiana squad was made up mainly of this season’s men, with Huffman, Etnire, Stout Wier, and Fechtman playing. Fechtman High Scorer Scoring honors for the evening went to Fechtman, Indiana center, who tallied six baskets and three free throws for a total of fifteen points, while Doxie Moore, Riveter forward and football coach for the West Side High School here, followed a close second ■with four field goals and six free throws fou fourteen points. The Gold and Black 1936-37 net squad was represented by Jim Seward at center, while Red Lambert was the representative of the 193536 squad. The summary:
Indiana Stars (52) Walker, f Etnire, f Fechtman, c Stout, g Huffman, g Wier, g .
B. 3 r 6 3 2 3
F. 2 1 3 0 2 2
Totals . ... Purdue'Stars (39) Moore, f B. Wheeler, f Seward, c E. Wheeler, g Lambert, g
21 B. 4. 3 3 2 . 4
10 F. 6 0 1 0 0
Totals
16
Mary Elizabeth Simeoke, former Kappa Kappa Gamma pledge who ■was enrolled in the University in 1931-32, -will be married to John Carter Myrick of Atlanta, Ga., on March 19, at Lakeland, Fla.
Ad on the postoffice bulletin board of the University of Minnesota: “New Books at Sacrifice. Students quit school to get married so what ? I’d like to sell the books.”
LITTLE Fendric
PANETEL-AS
Jl'
HWiriHllltiiKaitfMiriPage Fear
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^ fir
TYPEWRTTEES—ADDINC MACHINES, bought; sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779. Handsome Console Table—Suitable for large rooms or hall (cost new $76). Priced to sell.’ Mirrors, card tables, etc., at Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street.
Wanted—Dame for Prom. Not particular.. Phone 35203. Ask for “Red” Hannah.
1
NOTICES
No noticM accetited after 8 p. m.
Removal of Math Condniona—^Examinations for the removal of conditions in mathematics will he held March 13 at 1 p. m. in the Recitation BuildinK. —MARSHALL.
Basketball Game Staff—Faculty and students who acted as ticket takers, sellers, etc., during the basketball season, report at the ticket office immediately for payment. —KIZER.
Organic Chemistry Conditions—Examination for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 29 and 107 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p. m. April 10. Applications must be made at the General
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Ante keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
BOSSUNG ShoQ Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
offiee in the Chemistry Bailding before the
Spring trweaa.
Spring
Bngllrii Mid Speech Cendltiena—Bxaminations for the removal of conditions in aU courses in English v^ill be held on Saturday, March 20. at 1 p. m. in room 201, Education Building. —CREEK.
English 1 Conditions—^In preparation for the condition examination on' March 20, coaching classes will be held as follows: spelling, March 11. March 12; grammar, March 15, March 16; punctuation, March 17, March 18: general review, Marche 19. All classes will be held at 4 p. m. in 201 Education Building. No fees, no r^istration. —FOWLER.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Pledging at the Delta Tan Delta House March l2 at 7:80
—BROWN.
Skull and Crescent—All members please let me know on or before March 11 whether or not you plan to attend the banquet on the night of the Cotillion. —MEIER.
Y. W. C. A.—The date for payment of dues with voting privileges has been extended until 6 p. m, March 11. \ —JONES.
Fraternity President's Council—Meeting March 11 at 6 p. in the Kappa Sigma house. —KETTLE.
Military Training Conditions—An examination for removal of C grades, in Military Training 3, Motors, will be held in the supply room at the Armory, March 23, at 1:30 p. m. Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford before noon March 20. —HAYFORD.
Prom Goers—Get permits by March 18 from Student Se'nate office. —GRAHAM.
Purdue Flying Club—The regular meeting will be held March 11 at 7 :16 in room B of the Union. Dr. C. M. Wray, guest speaker; open meeting. Members are requested to brin.g friends. —SMITH.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHN SPERB
822-24 Main
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5623 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
.liU-
i
PLAY BILLIARDS
Come in during a free hour for a little recreation. You'll find this fascinating game is just the thing to refresh your mind. Studying will be easier afterwards.
The best in equipment will help make your game even more enjoyable in the
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
PURDUE MEMORIAL
UNION
Cornsr of Camput—Center of Activities
C. B. 6 Conditions—A special examination tor removal of conditions in freshman surveying, C. E. 6,' will bh given March 20, at 1 p. m. in room 101 of the Civil Engineering Building. Permit slips should be obtained by March 18.' —TODD.
■kiiaBB
Skull and Crescent—^Bring all unsold Cotillion 'tickets together with receipts to the meeting Thursday.- Also bring twenty-five cents to cover extra cost of paddles, which will be distributed. —CABONARGI.
Camera Club—^No meeting March 11 because of convocation. —CLAYPOLE.
Cotillion Committee—All members and dates report to faculty lounge March 11 at 5 p. m. for picture. Informal attire will be worn. —HARDIN.
Sophomore, Junior Chemicals — Must choose your electives on or before March 20 for the coming year. This should be done in my office in Heavilon Hall. —BRAY.
P. I. A.—Advanced dance class will be be held in ballroom of Memorial Union Building March 15, at 7 p. m. —BUXTON.
Co-eds—Everyone taking part in playday be at Women’s Gym at 4 p. m. March 11—compulsory. —ARNOLD.
Union—My committee will meet in the workshop March 11 at 4 p. m. —PUTZE.
Interdenominational Services — Vesper services will be held March 11 at 4 p. m. in room C of the Union. Reverend Gleason will speak on the subject, “Am I An Educated Person-Z” —BLALOCK.
Military Condition Examinations — Examinations for the removal of C grades, in Military Training 3, topography, will' be held in the instructors’ room, Armory, at 3 p. m., March 26. Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford in the adjutant’s office, Armory, before 4 p. m. March 24. —HAYFORD.
Greatest
did
ever
thing they for Clothes
Next to Dry Cleaning itself is the protection Monite moth-proof-ing affords. We employ this service; no extra charge.
AUNDRY
FINE. CLEANERS OF FINE CLO T H E S
interested is urged to come.
-HUTTON.
Sportswomen—All sportswomen must turn in hangers by 6 p. m., March 12. —WALKER.
W. A. A. Fencing—All girls in tournament please be in the Women’s Gym at 4 :45 March 11 for the fencing tournament. —BEKO.
W. A. A.—All girls on hostess committee for W. A. A. Play Day, March 13, meet in Women’s Gym, March 11, at 4 to receive instruction. —KELLY.
Reamer Club—There will Ve no meeting March 15. —BUXTON.
Scrivener—Meeting postponed to March 14 at 2 :30 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building. —RADKEY.
Entomology Club—Meet March 11 evening in Ag Hall at 7:30 p. m. Everyone
Unorganized Girls—All unorganized girls who are interested in dancing on Festival Day, try out in the Women’s Gym March 11, at 4 p. m. —TANGBRMAN.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Important meeting in Y. W. C. A. office at 6:45 p. m. March 11. Please be prompt because 'of the convocation. —JONES.
Skull and Crescent—Meeting March 11 at 7:30. Bring money for tickets and the names of pledges. —FENSTERMAKER.
Skull and Crescent—Be sure to bring the money for your boards to meeting March 11. No boards issued unless the 26 cents is paid. —SHOEMAKER.
Louisiana State U. boasts of ten sets of twins this year in its female enrollment; the sets of male twins are far outnumbered.
AChS Changes Meeting Time
Due to a conflict with the White Hussar convocation tonight the time of the March meeting of the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society has been changed to 4 o’clock. The dinner to be given in honor of Dr. Kasimir Fajans, who will speak on Adsorption Indicators at the meeting, will be- held at the regular scheduled time, 6 o’clock.
“Theory And Practice Of Adsorption Indicators” will be Dr. Fajans’ subject at the meeting. Dr. Fajans is chairman of the Department of General Physical Chemistry, U. of Michigan, and is a native of Warsaw, Poland.
Delta Chi Initiation
Delta Chi fraternity announces the iniatipn of the following men: M. S. Riddiford, Chicago, 111.; J. E. Wagner, Chicago, 111; H. P. Reinhardt, Indianapolis; G. T. Henderson, Alliance, O.; G. E. Osborn, Rochester; C. E. Cougill, Auburn; M. L. Stamm, Columbia City; H. J. Simon, Fort Wayne; D. R. McLeish, Fort Wayne; R. L. Lippman, Valparaiso; and M. A. Keller, Alliance, Ohio.
O
P
RINTING.
^SUDDEN
“service _
^OCFIe* SlaOonary. Wedding InvKaliont
PHONE " Wei Book*, Etc.. 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRi
Noted Metropolitan Opera Star
finds Luckies easy on her precious throat
Marjorie Ixwwence says:
*'Yoi4 must have a big voice to sing Wagner, My favorite role of 'Brunnehilde* in Wagner*s ^Gotterdammer* ung* is a very exacting one. Yet’— when I am back in my dressing room after I have finished singing, there is nothing I enjoy more than lighting up a Lucky, It is a light smoke—so gentle—so smooth—that it does not irritate my throat in the least, I agree with the others at the Metropolitan that a light smoke is a wise choice,**
BRILLIANT SOPRANO OF THE METROPOLITAN OPERA COMPANY
A
ji independent survey was made recently among professional men and women—lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc. Of those who said they smpke cigarettes, more than 87% stated they
personally prefer a light smoke.
Miss Lawrence verifies the wisdom of this preference, and so do other leading artists of the radio, stage, screen and opera. Their voices are their fortunes. That’s why so many of them smoke Luckies. You, too, can have the throat protection of Luckies—a light smoke, free of certain harsh irritants removed by the exclusive process 'Tt’s Toasted”. Luckies are gentle on the throat.
THE HNEST TOBACCOS— **THE CREAM OF THE CROP”
A Light Smoke Toasted”-Your Throat Protection
AGAINST IRRITATION-AGAIl^T COUGH
Oopyrlght 1037. The Amerlom Thbaooa Compioy