Corps Will Meet In Armory At 1:30; Program
the annual R. 0. T. C. inspection and review on Intramural jPield at 2 o’clock. The corps will form in the Armory at 1:30 where preliminary orders will be given before marching to the field where Major General William E. Cole, commander of the Fifth Corps Area, will take
charge of the review. ^ Because' of the restricted
.Flying Club Dance At Airport May 22 Bud Bryant and his orchestta vnll furnish the music for the first anr liual spring' dance sponsored by the Purdue Flying club, to be held at the University Airport on Friday, Hay 22^. The admission price will be
\bne':3d611ar.' y-/-
The dance will be held in the large hangar which has a. concrete fioor. George Mitchell, in charge of arzangements, stated last night, "Come out to the dance and you won^t have: to come but afterwards."
Gbiiyeiie Iler0
' :5dO Amateurs spec! lJniversity';L^ ■.' ratories;. , More 'than: five hundred radio apaateurs are expected to visit the annua! ham roundup to be held at the University tomorrow and Saturday, inspection of the University laboratories and local stations will be the program for tomorrow afternoon with a formal opening tomorrow night. A colored movie “The Rainbow Bridge" will be presented at the evening session and EEenry Grubb and Gerard Deboy will demonstrate the vacuum tube construction. Technical subjects will be the main topic of discussion during the Saturday sessions with H. E. Wep pier of station W9PYU, St. liouis and Jerry Berstein, chief operator of the school station W9YB as presiding officers. The principal speak er for the Saturday evening session is to be C. B. Desoto; secretary of the American Radio Relay League.
Third and Fourth Street enhances ydll be closed after. liSO^ less all available spaces are
befOTe that tiffie.
l^eSideht E. C. Elliott, Major G; Buerket and Major Stuart McLeod> official inspectofa, v^ll also be in the reviewinjg stand and Will coiir duct the inspection after the corps has passed in review.
Through Tomorrow
The unit inspection, which will last through toniorrow, Will begin at 8 o’clock this mornihg when^ visiting officers inspect the guns and matenal arranged on the Armory floor. The officers will then military classes rmtil 11:30 when they Will make an official call upon President Elliott. They will be entertained at noon luncheon at the president’s residence. : Colonel A. T- Fuller> officer in charge of R. Q. T, G. aifkirs for the Fifth Corps Area, Cpiphel “Tommy” Tompkins, Colonel T. L. Sherburne, the deans of the. University, and members of the military conimittee as well as the inspecting officers will be honor guests at the inspection banquet to be held tonight ai 6:30 in (Continued on page 4>
Large Crowd Award
8 Debate T<
3am
Decision Over U. Oi Presenting a varied array of arguments concerning the New Deal
C. Squad his campaign promi
ses upon which
which ranged from humorous stories invoMng diaper-makers difficulties under the N. R. A. to interpre-
he had been elected urated twelve plank ist platform in his
and had inaug8 of theBociallegislattee pro-
.i>avAyiiS; VA oupxeiiitS'vjuui^t; the University debate team was
Harley Spitler an
d Richard Rath-
sity of California team by an aud-
team, stressed the
I'ttbe :';.-CuliXojLiuar ■ , business im- ^
fence vote last night in Eliza Fowl-
provement brought
about by the
er Hall.
Roosevelt administr
ation. Although ]
More than 360 students and
both teams presente
d a few strictiy
townspeople attended the debate.
logical arguments.
the major por-
The open discussion which followed
tion of the speakin
g time was de-
the febuttal speeches ■^s quite lively with most of the audience par-
yoted to an inform humorous Stories jill
al exchange of ustrating points (
ticipating. A few students delivered lengthy speeches from organized
both for and agaihs Dr. L. M. Sears,
t the New Deal. ()f the history
notes taken Rufirtg the formal
depaftmeht, preside
id over the de-
speeches.
bate after delivefh
ig an introfiuc-
Robert Royster and Charles Pet-
tory speecK He als
0 led the ppehr ;
ticrew, presenting the negative side
fprum discussion; F
’Tograms, which
of the question: "Shall President
contained a ballpt f
or‘ Voting on the
RPosevelt Be Re-elected”, pointed
decision, Wefe pass
ed out to mem-
out that the President had ■violated
bers of theaudienem.
7-,
Motion Picture, Tallss Feature District
Valezco Will Play For Spring Formal Dance At Cary Hall Emile Velazco and his orchestra will play for Cary Club’s spring formal dance Saturday night from 9 to 12 o’clock. Velazco’s orchestra is unique in that it carries a compact pipe organ valued at $20,000 with it, which is used for range and tone. Ray Bossart, from the University of Illinois, will also play for the dance. Refreshments will be served on the court between the halls, where a rock garden and fountain will be erected for the occasion. It is expected that about 260 couples will attend.
Mortar Board, Iron Key Hold Luncheon Present University problems were discussed by members of Iron Key and Mortar Board at their joint luncheon at 12 o’clock yesterday in the peasant room of the Union. The purpose of this luncheon was to coordinate the interests of the two groups. David Ross, president of the board of trustees of the University, and Jack Walters, of the personnel department, were also present.
Don B. Kimmell, a graduating senior in the schopl of agriculture, has secured a position with the J. I. Case Company, of Racine Wisconsin, manufacturers , of farm implements. Kimmell will assume his new duties on July 1.
A day devoted to medical education, with special ref erence to tuberr culosis and its control, will be ob served on the campus Tuesday with three special showings of a sound picture, “Contact”, in Eliza Fowler HaU. Talks by several medical author ities who will be here for the annual district meeting of the Indiana Medical Association will be given at the same time, The picture will be shoWn at 11 and 4 o’clock for students, and faculty and at 6 o’clock for visiting physicians.
High School Groups Tour Campus Today Two groups of high school pupils will visit the University today. One of 30 pupils from Mooresville high school, under the leadership of G. E Song, will arrive at. 9:30' and will tour the campus during the morning under the leadership of W. G. Graham. in the afternoon they will visit Colxxmbia Park and points of historic interest in this vicinity. The second group of 40 from Highland school, a parochial institu tion at Highland, Indiana, under the leadership of John P. VanAmstel, will arrive at the Mei^orial Union Building at 9:30 and will be conducted over the campus and to the various buildings by Prof. G. M. Frier. This gproup will attend the baseball game in the afternoon as the guests of the physical education department. Special arrangements have been made for a noon-day dinner together at the Home Economics Building and dinner at the Union Building in the evening.
SOPHOMORE UNION WORKERS
All who have not petitioned or who have not arranged Interviews with Mr. Vallely, do so at once. Very important. PULLER.
J, W, Van Natta Named Business Manager; Mar* jorie Marquis Will Head Co^d Staff R. W. Dwight, junior in the University school of mechanical igineering, was elected editor of the 1937 Debris and J. W. t, was named
Tutor School First Meetiiig For AH Jiiniors In Union Toniglit All present sophomore and junior women are urged to attend the initial meeting of the W. S. G. A. training school for mentors tonight at 7:16 o'clock in the faculty lounge of the, Memorial Union Building. This is a new school sponsored by the Freshman Orientation Committee of W. S. G. A. and is under the direction of Jeannette Scudder, the chairman of the committee. She will be assisted by Margaret Dimmick, chairman of the transfer students’ committee. Freshman problems and counseling will be discussed. Letters are being sent to a selected group of incoming sophomore women inviting them to become mentors,! These people wih meet Monday after the mass meeting. At 4 o’clock Tuesday, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building, there will be a combined meeting of both groups. After this series of meetings a special committee will select mentors from these groups, basing its selection on interest and ability. Seventy-five girls wiU be selected. ' '
Deans Confer
The first annual round-table discussion for deans and advisors of men in Indiana colleges and universities will be held here at the University Saturday at the invitation of Dean M. L. Fisher. Timely topics of the dean’s func tion in counseling students in un dergraduates problems will be dis cussed at this meeting. Following the morning session and a luncheon at noon, the latter part of the after noon is to be devoted to considera tion of a permanent organization.
Fenstermaker Elected President Of Skull And Crescent W* K- Feiistermaker, Phi Gamma Delta, was elected president of Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary last night following a banquet and initiation of freshman pledges. Other officers elected vrere R. H. Dean, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, vice-presi-dent;, J. T. Doan, Sigma Chi, sec retary;. T, D. Cabonargi, Delta Up^ silon, toeasurer; and J. H, Rudolph Phi' Kappa Alpha, sergeant-at-arms. The formal initiation Ceremony, held in the Mechanical Engineering Building, was f OlloWed by a banquet in the Memorial Union Building. Dick Craig, out-going president, acted as toastmaster, introducing Prof. G. A. Young of the M. E. school, who gave an adress on University traditions. Prof. C. S. “Pop” Doan, faculty advisor of the organization, also gave an address. The following freshmen were initiated: L. T. Askren, J. S. Brown, R. H. Buck, J. W. Bailey, T. D. Cabohargi, J. T. Doan, R. H. Dean, Tom Dickinson, P. W. Eckstein, B. Edwards, W. R. Fenstermaker, W. F. Garter, J. W. Greenis, R. R. Hensler, J. R. Hammerstadt, Dave Howkihson, L. Hardin, J. H. Jacobi. H. G. Lankford', R. M. Lemen, C. E. Lang, R. T. Monrad, W. E. Millholland, C. S. Meier, R. B. Nichols, K. E. O’Neil, R. J. Ruth, J. M. Rudolph, W. A. Reed, E. T. Sullivan, M. D. Stepath, D. R. Shoemaker, F. A.. Smith, F. W. Taylor, Gilman Tredwell, D. R. Vance, W. C. White.
Union Building. MarMarquis, junior home
Dwight is a m^ber of Die^
’. Re Jed the l9i^ Sbiffibmcwe ion and won his freshman rals in track, Vah Ratta, a >elta Theta, s^ved oh the 1937 •r Prom committee. He is a jer of Gindet amd Was secretary, of Skffil hmi Cresceht. Mss Marqihs, president of the Chi Omega sorority is a member of 'the Pan-Hellenic council and Gold Peppers, Junior Editors J. R. O’Connor, C D. EhingCr and W. H. Barry Were selected as jimibr editors while Emily Tubbs, Mary Alice Masters and Mary Jean Light were chosen as junior cored editors. Junior business managers selected were: L, R. Bearse, H. Mi. Humphreys, and A. A. Siebenthal., J. N. Walters was chosen as photographic
editor.
The electorial board was composed of Prof. J. H. McKee, T. R. Johnston, W. A. Bodden, and the senior and junior members of the 1936 Debris staff excluding the two junior co-ed editors. Tom Gould, business manager of the 1936 Debris now recovering from an appendicitis operation in St, Elizabeth hospital, was unable to attend the election but voted by
proxy.
Freddie Kaye Will Play For Mixer Freddie Kaye and his orchestra will play for the regular Saturday night mixer in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 o’clock. Specializing in novelty arrangements and featuring the new "swing” type of music, Kaye’s 11-piece orchestra has, for several seasons, played at the. Kit Kat Klub, Bat Club and Lewis Tea Room in London, England, and at the- Chez Paree in Paris. The price ot admission will be (me dollar^ u usual.
600 Attend
f
Club Session
Lt
NYA WORKERS
Checks for period ending April 30, now available at cashier’s office. University Hall. BODDEN.
Dreiser To Speak At Literary Dinner With nearly 460 people expected to attend, the University’s tenth annual literary banquet will be held Monday night at 6:30 o’clock. Announcements of the winners of the literary contest will be made at the banquet. Theodore Dreiser, famed novelist, will be the principal speaker. His subject will be, “Conquering the Reading . Public”. Besides being noted for his novels, the best known of which is “An American Tragedy Mr. Dreiser also writes non-fiction and plays. Reservations may be made by calling the English department office. Union desk, Deac’s, Southworth’s, and Decker’s.
dips"
en New G^VeMifwr Of Twentieth District Lt. Col. C. Seymour Bullock, of South Beud, 'Was elected governor of the twentieth district of Rotary In-r ternational, comprising the state of Indiana, as the annual conferente Came to a close at the Univ^ll? yesterday with approximately ffilO ■in atteudasceWilliam W. Emerson, director of Rotary International, Wimupeg, Canada, was the principal spesaker at the morning’s session, which wais devoted largely to business matters. Conference Luncheon At the conference luncheon at nobii. Pres. E. C. Elliott used as the theme of his address, “The Four Immigp^ants : Debt, Doubt, Depend.ance, and Dictatorship”. Dalton McAlister, of South Side high school. Fort Wayne ,was announced as the winner of the high school discussipil
contest.
Following the luncheon at noon, the afternoon was devoted to inspection pf the PUrdue campus, a tele^ vision demonstration, golf, and. at-* tendance at the Purdue-Lonisiana Tech baseball game.
Twenty-five deans out of 81 polled at a recent convention said re-enact-ment of prohibition Would improve conditions on their campuses.
Hanover, N. H.—Whether or not the national college fraternity is a beneficial adjunct to a college curriculum is a question now being posed on nearly every campus in the United States. At Dartmouth today the answer-is “no”.:,::. A study of nearly a year and a half by the committee for the survey of social life in DftKf^Quth College -—12 of ■whom ■were fraternity nien —revealed that thp majoriiy, while agreeing that college social ffiuhs had their place, nevertheless recommended to Dr. Ernest M. Hopkins, president, that the Dartmouth fraterhities ujtimately sever all relationships with their national headquarters. The vote was 12-2. The minority report recommended retention of the existing national affiliations and appointment of a "Fraternity Supervisor” as an officer pf the cpUege tp keep dpse epn-
tact with the chapters, alumni corporations, and national officers. The iiuroads made by fraternities into the lives of the American colleen, co-eds induded, have steadily increased since the turn of the century. Today it is reported that more than 600,000 men and half as many women are members of nationally organized fraternities. In recent yearb attempts in various colleges to loosen the grasp the fraternity has taken on the whole social structure of the campus have been acknowledged as none top successfuL The committep explained its majority report in favor of dissplution of the national affiliation, despite the student vote from sevdral angles. Outstanding reasons were: (1) "It seemed probable that the student vote favoring the nationals was an emotional one and that it
could not have been based on a knowledge of conditions at all equal to that achieved by the committee during a .long period of concentrated study on this and other questions related to fraternities.” (2) ‘<|f Dartmouth is to build personalities, which are to be distinguished by honesty and individuality, it must rfve full and free play to the develo:^ent of these qualities in social life pn its campus,” With regard to the social life, the committee did not find that Hie natipnal affiliation had very. much "if any constructive effect on the chapters at Dartmouth” putside pf pcpa^ sional cpntacts with pther chapter members in other colleges. But the minority repprt held that the majority had failed to recognize the full implications of the severing of national epiteccHpns. 7— Dante mouth.''' ■ ' '.
T o Hold Dailce Gm^am Gallop Will Feature Dick Shelton Gingham Gallop, the annual co-ed bid dance sponsored by Mortar Board, -wili be held tomorrow eve* ning in the ballropm of the Memprial Union Building ■with Didc Shelton and his band teom the University of Hlinois furnishing the syncopation. Tickets, which are now on sale at the Union desk, sorority hpuses, and the Wpmen’s Residence HaU; priced at one dollar. Cp-eds will wear cottons, either sports or fpte mal types, to carry out the theme of the dance.
Chances of employment this juu^ are four times better than they ■wei^ a year ago, Columbia authoritlte report. -
EXPONENT STAFF
A compuffimey mpet^ members of the editpfiaJ, spprte and te'ed stafte vdUbe hffid mday afternoon at 1:80 p’dpdr in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. All frnshr* man men and women who wish to continue with the paper meat attend. MORm
' ''Meiab«r of K«^»! College Press A^dation, Big Ten Editoriia Association KsdnsivelF Repxeseiited by Natioiuil AdyertiBiiig;; Servrcei , 32b Hndison Avenue, New Tork City
Bntered «s second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Beliveired by mdl, $m per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by slttgle copy, 2 cents.
; Bnaini^'S ■'Phbhe'.'6686:-
'6i^bE^12: Np:dlf::®^ih
£:ditbrial Phone 60B7
Daily Student PuMicatioh of Purdue University
V *■' ^ l/-f!ibl'i»RIAL SfAPP Editoivin-Ghief^««.««.^.«..,.....i..i— i... nat, h&nafiii^ Rditor- ...... —E- H. Morris ^Bociate iMitois..:..Jff.: A. Barnett, J. B. Brock, Ai Hi; PbrBl«ri Ri :P. Mahid&ViC^ Bold and Binds EditorB,~.i..:.™--...„~i...i-i~;iiS^4~$«-,:...ii.i.Gehjdve Sexsbn*
Bnorta Editpdr-
SPQKtS StAPP
JLiDi Wood
Associate ^Kirts Editors...
.iS. ft. Griffiths, B. P. OBenichain* B, K WBson
Bnsihess Manager.. Natibiial Advertisisig IfBihager.. Local Advertising Manager.. Circnlation Mah^er;..i.i....
BUSINESS STAPP
. .ft, J. HuEe ..L. H. Brbwh, ..JD, 0. Miller „Ji P. Girard
Eiditor Assdcisde EMitbxs...
WOMEN^S STAPP
..Heleh Creech
.i.desnne Janousek, Boris McCartney, EiizaBWth Pyke-
Thursday* May :14,1936.
Issue Editor—J.E. Sheeks
Uniformity In Graaing
Much has been said and written about the merits and def ects of the.present grading system at the ■University, but, regardless of its faults, its lack of Uniformity marks it as aii unfinT ished product. Each department, while outwardly fading under the same standards, has its own system for awarding these grades. Too, different Courses in the sanie department are quite often operated on different bases, ^ An example of a fair method of awarding final marks is to be found in the average mathematics course. Here the percentage basis is followed rather Closely, with exceptions being made for cases in which there are unusually large numbers of brilliant or poor students in the classes. The most Conclusive evidence that ^ades are not dealt out uniformly can be obtained by a glance at the number grades required to pass, in courses where grading is done on this basis. A 60 is considered a passing average in sorne studies, but in others the student might not be passed on a 69.9 average if the numerical grade necessary for a P is 70. This situation would not be so bad if only the grades were awarded strictly according to the percentage scale in all such classes, but in a great many instances this is not the case. The faculty has a committee on ^ades and gradin;^ standards. The logical solution of this pr^lem should be the goal of that committee.
Camjms Cowpaths ' ^ Bessie Bovine is a remarkable animal. Her delicious milk is an important item on any diet. Her by-products of butter, buttermilk, and chocolate milk are equally nutritious. Miss Bovine has physical traits which are also distinguishing. Besides chewing cuds, she displays a marked tendency to follow paths beaten by herself and sister Bovines. These paths are noted for their lack of grass, parabola-like curves, and careful detours around obstructions such as shrubs, fences and trees. Carrie Co-ed is a remarkable girl. Her vivacious personality is a delight to every Ed. Her dancing ability and pulchritude are equally important factors contributing to the delight of the masculine heart. Miss Co-ed, likewise, has other distinguishing characteristics. She lives at the Women’s Residence Hall and delights in making paths across the oval which are bare of grass, follow parabola-like curves, and detour carefully around obstructions. Harken, “Carrie Co-ed”, the shortest distance between two points is a straight line, not a parabola. If you must cut across the oval in commuting from the library to the Hall, walk in straight lines. Parabolas within ellipses hurt our esthetic sense. But it hurts our esthetic sense to see any brown lines across the green ellipse. Let the green grass grow all around, all around.—-A. H. F.
READERS’ OPINION The Exponent weUomet eommense ai good MM md rtmmdfie length Srom it$ reeden.
Minor Gripe To the Editor; This semester the Jumor chemicals have been taking M. E. 78. The class meets once a week for three hours at which time experiments are performed, or write-ups for the same are completed. As the semester has proceeded, we have found that more and more time is needed to work on these reports—much more than is given us for the computations. This means that we must break into our already full study schedules, and spend time doing routine calculations on these reports. li^en one stops to consider that this is only a one-hour course, he feels as if he were getting “gypped”. One does not put that much time on a four-hour course like mechanics. Let us consider a report that is made. The day that the experiment is run there is usually no time left to work on the report. At the first Computation period, one spends about two hours of his time copying data from an original log sheet onto one which will go into his own report—merely a waste of time. Next, one explains the steps taken in carrying out the experiment. Then there follows an hour or two of gruesome work which consists of filling in page upon page of sample calculations—they just take time and certainly fulfill no purpose. If one has succeeded in getting this far he has only one task left— that of resurrecting all his know:ledge from P. M. 12 concerned with the drawing of graphs. Usually these graphs explain again, though of course in picture form, the entire experiment —-naore repetition. Now all this work is fine practice for anyone that is going out as a mechanical engineer, but for chemicals it seems quite superfluous. The experience of working with the equipment is fine-^it broadens our knowledge—but the detailed reports and the final are not. The last two mentioned should either be done away with completely, or else very drastically modified. It seems to me that at this time, when the faculty is considering changes in the chemical curriculum, it should not forget to give due consideration to this subject, and make the necessary changeB.-^unior Chemical. " Editors Note; If this “Junior Chemical” is (Correct in w:hat he says, this esnirs® must he a trying experience. Perhaps some of the facnlty men hi charge would care to attempt a rebuttaL If so, the Exponent would be pleased to receive their contributions.
MAKE YBER OWN CRACK FOR THIS ONE JESSIE GRAHAM!
Brewer, Jon^ atid Hoffer singing “It’s better to give than to receive” —Hughes and Martenet with their perpetual fight—^the Debris boys pacing the floor wondering about elections—^Adkins trying to figure out which picnic to go to—a new waitress—Judy trying to study and sour-pussing ’cause she can’t—^Ed Elliott breezing through—more peo;^ pie sore at me—Stallings on his Way to interrieSw the UNION boardr-t Caldwell dr earning about her: first SOlo^;'-:-/
': ; ; ONE ANCpMER: ;; V:' . " Bob Burks took the bit iii Mis mouth when he gave Ellie RdbbinB his pin last week-end.
■ What'WAS Yes, what was it ?—That thing we had last Saturday, ah All-Uni-versity Sing or aii All-University Style Show. I can’t see what looks has to do with singing. ■ CONGRATULATIONS The best to Wes Dwight, Johnny Van Natta and all the Other lucky Debrisers. Now the D. U.’kcan make money to make up for what they lose on their Steward. FAMOUS LAST LINES So I said to Cap’t ' .——
COLUMN OP SQUADS ON THE .FIRST— Today is a big day for the War school-— Reviewing Officer: Who is the commander-inrchief of the U. S. Army? Basic Freshman: Geez, are all officers as dumb as you ? Anybody knows that> sir.
The “moyie magnates” of Hollywood are wondering whether the public prefers a single feature longer than the ordinary run if the extra minutes are Worth sitting through, or if they Would prefer to see double featmes.
THE-DELT’S LIKE THE CHI O’S ;T00' Instead of a five dollar stii^ifor not coming to the tea Sunday, ^he Belt’s are offering a five dollar reward for any of the brothers that will come. —Per I. M. Withem. LATE PLASH At the DU senior banquet last night, Nick Belury won the “Fish” award for the year (Judy, Judy for him); and Bell won the “Hornj” award (you guess what that means).
Cosmo Cliib Dance At Allens'Tomorrow Richard Gurard and his orchestra, prominent in broadcasts over several radio stations, will play for the annual semi-formal dance of the Cosmopolitan club in Allen’s ballroom tomorrow night from 9 to 12 o’clock. The affair is open to all students arid faculty members of the University and to friends of the Cosmopolitan club. Tickets, priced at one dollar, will be on sale in the Union lobby and at Deac’s tomorrow, Wednesday, and Friday of this week. Stags will be permitted. A. P. Putoohee was chosen presir dent of the Cosmopolitan club at its meeting last Friday riight in the Union. Other newly-elected officers are: V. Conciatu, vice-president; G, M. Valdes Peres, treasurer; E. Roqueta, assistant treasurer; Virginia Griffin, secretary; Marjorie Rogers, assistant secretary; John Caracciolo, sergeant-at-arms.
Williams To Speak On Portrait Photography At a final meeting of the Camera club at 7:15 tonight, Mr. G. D. Williams, of the English department, will speak on “Portrait Photography”. He will also give a short criticism on the receiit picture exhibit. The meeting will be held in the reception room of the Union Building.
Pi Beta Phi Elections Pi Beta Phi announces the election of the following officers: Doris Ellen McCartney, president; Aline Marshall, vice president; Ann Siiris, recording secretary ; Jeanne Perkins, corresponding secretary; and Janet Martin, treasurer.
U. of Arkansas physiological chemists have found that blindness caused by growth of eataracte follows a deficiency of Vitamin 6.
iricrUasin# frequency. It has only been within recent years that double features have appekred iitroughout the country. Things have coffie to such a pass that last week, when We attended the “Faniily”, we were treated to “Silver Spurs”* “Moonlight MurUers”, with “The Adventures of Frank Merriwell” thrown in* all for the nominal sum of fifteen cents.
At the present time there are 14,000 theatres throughout the United States, and Of this number 60 per cent still retain the old plan of single features while the remaining 7,000 are giving the public two films for the price of one.
The advantages of the double feature have been under consideration for some time by Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc. They have recently reioased or will preseht?sbbni ‘^A Midsummer Night’s Dream”* “Anthony Adverse”, “The Green Pastures”, and “The Charge of the Light Brigade”. These films are all of considerably more than ay^age IbrigtJri The enthusiasrii" that greeted thb first of this group is now ^ the annals of the industry, the success of the other three seems pfohable. .
entertain the senior cadet officers and the regular, army staff of the I'lU, ^ ^ ‘ V '•J Uhiversity officers corps at an infbfmal smeker and get-togeth-er, to be held in the faculty lounge. Memorial Union Building, Tuesday evening at 8 o^fetock. Captain W. S. Gundeck, state president of the Indiana Reserve Officers Association will be the guest speaker. There will also be short talks by Col. George Beyers, Lt.'Coi. C. Brewer, and Major Stuart McMajor E. S. Teaford, president, Tippecanoe coUnty chapter. Reserve Officers Association, will act as the chairman of the meeting.
Aktiribs quickly. C rlWfed by raadw ^ ‘ lulnd, lost of ’citiop, lt‘* sobfl^.r. Vlrt®, rtfreiWnOi ^ |p« it doily.
About the only statistics available regarding the question are those showing that the running time of the ten films, selected by the national board as the best in 1935, averaged 106.1 minutes in length. With no more material it is problematical whether or not this indicates the public’s approval of longer films.
Warner Bros, is now asking every interested person to express his preferences. The survey is being conducted through the medium of daily newspapers. In an especial effort to reach the undergraduate world about 100 collegiate publications have bben asked to conduct questionnaires.
The Purdue Exponent is numbered among the college papers and the survey will be conducted through this column. The specific questions are: “Are you in favor of having two features shown at motion pictures,” and second, “Why ? ” All answers may be turned in at the Exponent office or placed in the box at the Union desk. Here is the opportunity to express your preferences regarding one of the country’s favorite amusements. . An NYU professor sued an A & P store for $60,000 for false arrest last week. He got $300.
14 Pledged By Theta Alpha Phi Theta Alpha Phi, dramatics honorary, announces the pledging of the following! Betty Barnett, Mary Bell, Charles Callis, Ploy Crepps, .Catherine Anne Cromer, Bernard Everett, Sarah Gershuny, Cullotta Holden, Samuel Martinez, Thomas McCreadie, G. T. Mitchell, Ada Mae Roe, Jean Marie Small, and Mary TarigermaAv"-
Thutsda}' • Friday - Satarday John wayne in “New Frontier” and RAlff^H BELLAMY in “Dangerous Intrigue” alao ^ “Custer’s Last Stand”
.>1
rODAY - FRIDAY
Mr^. James H. R,. Cromwell, the forrtier Doris Duke, ‘‘richest girl”. spent two days bri the Duke Uhiyersity campus receritly—rind wrisn’t recognized. .
DOUBLE FEATURE
TOUAY "- FRIDAYSATUtoAY
and
with
s •
• OF A NATION '' * COVBRBD WAGON" THIRD • . . " OLD IRONSIDES", • , , , , , ^ THB GREATEST BPICOFTHEMALL Mlif ioVB MA D£ HIM CONQOEROH . . GOLD MADE HIM SLAVE/ ■ WITH ' . . f * ilNNIE BAIINES
-LEE1?kACY ; ■ Today - Friday - Saturday
and come up with a smile if your favorite team goes down iii defeat. But you never take any chances with your advertising if you adyertise in the E^penent.Vi^n t!ead, IS To 9, At End Of Gomes CoU
inShg 6t w%nt to otott, be at the courts east of the Ai^oiy at 4 o’clock. An^me not there will i ;■* ‘ '" KNEPPLE.
Freshman Goli
sity field, 16 to 6. . ,
Purdue started the scoring in the first inning when Bartsi
Squad Cut To Eight By Tourney Play
'I
£^nt f^aiefnities Mje^t t#, imm mA -1 ^
Downs Aeaoia m Fmals Tilt
{a Boiible Eliiuiiiatioii
Competitloii
wmm^
!!».» ir 1 j xv^ , this afternoon and the first and secEd. Korty, slender sonthyaw hurl- i-ounds sfo>uld be completed be-
Tennis Squad Trounces State Team
scored on Young’s long fly to the Tech center fielder, Mitchell. The inning started-out in a fine fashion for Purdue as Malaska dreW a pass. Bartz, the second man up hit tp Pankey, Tech second baseman, who forced iVIalaska out going into second and
Coach Larry LaBree’s tennis i7ft Barts'safrorfirsrwltrrfiS
squad came through with a decisive er’s choice.
victory over Indiana State Teachers Lucas made the first hit of the
college at the Terre Haute courts game and advanced Bartz from secyesterday afternoon six to one. The base, which he had stolen, to
Boilermaker netters won four of-1:he
third. Young knocked a long fly to the centerfielder, who was unable
five singles and both of the doubles to throw Bartz out at home as he
hiatfehes.
In the number one singles match.
Captain Bob Nickolich defeated his pitcher, Lewis
scored on the play. Mangas retired the side by grounding out to the
After playing through a 36 hole medal tournament^ the following men have survived as the freshman golf squad: Tom Dickinson, R. A. Baske, R. M. Hill, W. G. Carlson, W. Lynch, R. L. Skinner, and D. H. Meissner. The larger number that reported at the first call was cut down by the nine hole matches with the varsity and this tournament. Out of these eight men, according to the showing of the players, four or six will be chosen for freshman numerals by Coach Bixlery who will make the awards after the squad'is further cut down by a series of nine hole match play rounds. These will be played on.the Public Golf Course as were the other tournaments and playoffs.
Louisiai|a Tech was greeted with weather not much like the sbuthem type yesterday. The cold winds blowing in from somewhere near the north pole sent the shivers through the few straggling fans who, huddled together in the stands and wor-
er for the Bigma Chi baseball nine, fore evening. All interested in the
out-pitched “Hop” Howard, Acacia
opponent. Elder, 6-3, 6-3. "Wakefield
AM. Edihorids ajso^^^^
»Tsch;^§cbres>
5^ch jeanie baM ;iu their haff df
... y..x..x ««xx
matches for Purdue against State the second to make three tallies on LEAGUE STANDINGS
Teachers. Bob Tzucker beat Burget three hits and three errors. Ad-
6-0, 6-1; Maury Wakefield won over kins and Hewitt both singled to get NATIONAL LEAGUE
Nichols 6-7, 6-3, 6-3; and Don Ed- the inning under way. Gresham was
monds took Spurgeon into camp 4-6, safe on Waling’s error. Krause
■ ielr^2,; 6r3i Purdue suffered its only loss ivheh RaY UIrey fell before-Need^
;ham- 6-3i 7--6.
in the flrst doubles match, NickoltM and Ulrey defeated Spurgeon and: Burget 6-:2, 4-6, 9-7^ In the other dbubles match, Wakefield combined with Tzucker to beat Needham and Nichols 6-3, 4-6, 6-4,
-4- -f '-f > > >-^4- --y ' ; FRESHMAN, TENNIS ^ ■:-k: Craig vs. Finkelstein. George vs. Taylor. StaMer vs. Meihaus; Euhart vs. Ludberg. Scott vs. Pauli. Mann vs. DeWitt. Linn Vs. Moses. Frasier vs. Burnsides. 6 o’clock Diival vs. Wildman or Rowan. Greey vs. Snyder Or Gray.
AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkh^ff Gompaiiy - Phone 3882
SPAI^NBAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
LAWN MOWERS
Sharpened and repaired.. New and used mowers. Prices on new Ball Bearing Mowers $5.25 and np. Mowers called ior and delivered. F. Jos. Mulhanpt & Son: 209-il North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette. Ind.
DEAC
HAS EVERYTHING ^ -.for a.' COLLEGE EDUCATION
H. G. REISNER
threw the bail into: left field and both Adkins and Hewitt scored on the error: The illusiye peUet then managed to slip between iSihe’s legs and Gf eshanx scored And Shakleford was safe on first. Lewis flied out td Malasku for the first out of; the innihff. The heAd of the bAttihg order> MitMell, agiin^^ i^^ celebrated his fetUrh with A singlfe that was fielded by Malaska, who, taking advantage of Shakleford's fall between second and thir^ threw the bAlii to ffines, catching Shakleibfd off,base. While ShAkleford was being run down between second aM third, Mitchell advanced to second. Pankey ended the innihg by popping up to Sines. v A ; ' Purdue tied the score again in the last of the second with tallies by Krause, who was safe dtt Adkih’s error, the first of three by the "slipperyfingered Tech Ashortstop, Aud Downey, who singled. In this inning, “Pat” MalaskA hit his first double of the afterriopn. “Pat” received the hitting honors for the afternoon with three doubles And a walk ih five trips to the plate;
Tech Leads
After the second inning, the Tech nine drew away from Purdue in scoring. Both teahis remained scoreless in the third, but in the fourth. Tech scored three times bn three hits and ah error by Bartz to give them a six to three lead. In the fifth, both teams scored two runs. Tech again scored two in the sixth.. Purdue,completed ite scoring for the afternoon in the eighth when Sines lAllied after walking tp start the inning. The Louisiana Aggregation scored three in the eighth and two in the ninth to finish all scoring for the day. The Tech nine will he here this afternoon to play the second' game of the three game series. The cold windy so much in evidence in yesterday’s game, seems to have more effect on the Purdue squad than on the southern Tech team as shown by the error column. Purdue made nine mistakes in the field to three for
Louisiana.
St..L()Uis.. New York..
:pittsbu^h..
ChiieagoA Boston....
Cincinnati..
Brooklyn..
Philadelphia..
■amerigan league
Pet. .686 .665 .545 .532 -478 -462 .416 .407
New York:...
Bbstbn...,.,, Cleyelaiid.. Deteoit:...... Chicago;.
Washington.. Philadelphia.. St. liOnis::..:....
Pet. :692
-667
.626
- .600"
.600 .481 .348 .160
NATIONAL LEAGUE Philadelphiai 9; Cincinnati, 7. Boston, 4; Pittsburgh, 8.
Chicago-New York and St. Louis-BrOok-
lyn postponed, rain.
AMERICAN league
' TODAY’S GAMES K, 14^ .4- -fA'4- :4- ■ 4/'^";4--NATIONAL LEAGUE ^ .■ Chicago at New . York,' St. liouis at Brooklyn. Pittsburgh at Boston. . Cincinnati; at Philadelphia. AMERICAN LEAGUE Boston at Detroit. New York at St. Itouis. Philadelphia at Cleveland. Washington at Chicago.
DR. A, M. IRION Dentist
Eroh Flats State and Main Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
•t- 4- 4- 4^ 4- 4“ 4- . 4- 4- 4- ' 4
f 4
4 4
J. F. W.H G. E. H. K. A.H. O. B. M. V. j. W. N. C.
ALL CAMPUS ' HORSESHOES ;4/:4 ^:4; ;4 - :4^;4' ,4
Today"'
Schweidler vs. S. Ashkenaz. Gwyet vs. W; Opp, Bryan vs. D, O. Hokanson. Larsen vs, M. J, Heller. Clinton vs, W. S. Giles. Moan vs. Bye* ' Miller vs. G. Lemasters. Connelly vs, S. F. Adamec. Kraft vs, K. L, Aatchley,
SENIORS!
We moke appUcatiiyn piotarea for 11.88 per dozen. Speieial price «n lota of fifty or morb. ■ '
R^iubraiidt Btiidio 106 Vine St. W,
Youiig ehongh to be tlioorotiotft enbngh to be practicaL
RICHARD L BATH WAtCHMAKBW ■ 608 Main si
if »
a Djriitk
then a CHOP STEAK
IQc
at the Tri|ii!e XKX /"■ ^ROPTBEER^'^ (foee
4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4-4 4 4 4 ,^' BASEBALL'V--4; '4.> ;4 ■:4 ■4 :4;r4''4-;'4^, 4 4' 'Today:.". Diamond:. B—-Delta Signia Lambda vs. Sigma Chi* Budd, referee. 7—Phi Kappa Tsi vs: Acacia. Abell, ■referee,, 9—-Phi Gamma P^ta vs. Phi Kappa Tau,Z|ehafy, ref^ee.
Risk DDntal Clinic
.FAULA.^BIBK'' '■itonBRr a.aisE::v:: : ; HAROLtt ;!. R|BK: ^ ‘ 400 9«didlt>:Bl(te. riibiib 8701 .'■■Goimw .4th 'ihfi.iltiiii
May 2, not May tO, is Mother’s Day at Georgetown College.
Doimer’a Flptver Shop QnaUty PlowMl Main at 7th Phone 6050
The first of the fourth brought the Tech outfit three funs, but they were far from being termed earned runs. Perhaps it was the cold weather, but the Boilermakers looked like a different team than that which met Illinois Tuesday.
—fC“—
Much to the consternation of the shivering fans one of Purdue’s track aspirants jogged across left field, dressed in a pair of shortS: The irony M it all is that he seemed to he enjoying himself.
—fc—
The Boilermakers; meet the Tech team again this afternoon after the national inspection in the second of the three scheduled tilts. Tomorrow afternoon Purdue will play host to Michigan on the home diamond, and on Saturday Tech wdll appear affaitt."
—fc—
Michiigah is the present leader of the Big'Teh, and ybn :Mh bet t^^ Boilermakers are going to do their best to toy and
pitcher,'in a pitching duel between the two hurlers which ended in a 1 to 0 win for Sigma Chi. Korly allowed the Acacia nine a lonely hit a single by Perris, in the first inning find made eleven of flie fifteen Ac&cifi outs by the strikeout route.
The Wipning run came in the first
half of the last inning as a result of a single find three walks by Howard. Langworthy, first man up for the Sig nine, singled into right field. Howard walked Martin and Thompson, the next twp men to face him, filling the bases. ‘^Hop” tightened down and track out Johnie McConnell and Phil Decker. Hatfield, next man up, drew a pass from Howard,
walking in the winning run. The only hits allowed in the game
yesterday were: ah ihfield single by Korty and Langworthy’s blow off Howard; and Mends’ single through third baseman Martin, off Korty. This pitching exhibition was the only ^me played in the Interfratothito hfiSfeball blimihation fiimlSvi The teams femaihihg in toie play are Bigma Alpha Epsilon, Acada, arid Phi Efippa PM in the
losing; lH^ket| Sigma Ohiv T^^
Upsilon and^Delta Lambda in the winning bracket; and Phi Kappa TaU and Phi Gamma Delta who have
not played in the finals as yetiV
coiripeting in the 4 o’clock mfitches.
4 :4':'4 .4.■'4, '4' -4V-4'4' .4 "4^ YESTERDAy^S RESULTS 4 4 -.4::4 :4 - 4- 4':4- 4 ■4: -4'
NOW
Boston, 8; Detroit, 1. New York, 4! St. Iiouis, 1.
PhiIadeli)hia,CIeyeland.. postponed, rain. Washihgton-GhieaSo, pustponed, '
grounds.
1O0:Hylited:;NaiWifi:Gards..— ■ 100 Hyiltrid- .Name Gsrdfi,, pfineled......,85c 1Q0R©i«uine:Liiffraye<i'Nfime^Car«is ' .lrtciMding:plafe ::u— j 00 Genuine Engraved Name Gards, paneled.Ai *90
If you have your own plafe, we will make 10© .Cards, plain s.tbek'^.-.......... 100 Cards, parielfed Stuck.................. .....
OkDEk tOPAt
R E TA I L D E PA R T M E N T 5fh and Ferry St,, Lafayette,Tnd.
Graduates Honey inDoners Vacationers
Men’s All Lefither Gladstone ' Cases in black and ^ brown. ...$8.95-$20.00 All Leather Zipper ^ :^gs . .....:................$4.95-$10.00 Ladies’ Over Night . Cases .:..:.„,-.. ...._...?3.96-$4.96 Ladies’Over Night Cases, all leaiher, black and brown T X- « . V, iWMifillsizes...........,$7.96-$12.60 Gladstone Cases m black and brown...: $10.00-:$X2.60 Hand Trunl^ , . .....|3.96-|4.96 All new models in hand luggage. - Also Special Values In Men’s Dress B^s m plain white and fanoy stripe and assorted length sleeves.,........,..........„...,.......$i.oo-$i.95 The Ty^Best Tiepin all new patterns, guaranteeC:7--56c-il!oO Men s <^at and Bhp-OVer Pajamas, all fast colors, ■giisv--" ^hletic Shirto ari^lfiiri andfanOy shorte> eaclL‘lL?.lf26^ Mrin’s Fancy and White PqIo Shirts ., ■ ■ i j-
&
cbihe to life iR the stoTihg he c ah sff the warm rain and stucto shine puts new life in*^ to them. And advertising: wfli have the same effect oh your buisiiiesS, "
PLAY
-11
is occupying the attenMon of a largehhrober of the populace of this good old U. S. A. just now. And you know it hy reading of it in the neyi^ap^^ Youn vertisement in this paper will be read hy all the students and the facul^ at Rurduew
’ 'Ifi
i3»®:
; 'J IfTypewriters, Addimg MacMmes— For sale, rent, repaired arid bought. Multigraph arid mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779. Wanted to Eemt—Furnished apt. or home by young high school teacher arid iamily, a Purdue Grad, duririg summer session. Would be willing to care for private or fraternity home. Gan furnish best of references. Address : R. W. Ihne, Alexan-
dria, Ind.
NOTICES
All SophoiBore and junior Women—^Meet tonight in the faculty; lounge at 7 :15 for all those interested in being W. S. 6. A. men-
tors neixt year.
—SCUDDER, DIMMICK.
Mixed Swim—Pool will be opened to couples only tomorrow from 7 :30 to 8:30.
—BRADY.
Cosmopolitan Club—^Meet this afternoon at 4 in room 1. All members are requested to be present. —FUTQOHEE.
Glider Club—^Meeting at 7 tonight in reception room of Union. Flight fees must be paid at this meeting. —O’NEAL.
W. A-A.—Track at 4 today. -^WALKER.
Gimlet—Meeting at 8 tonight in Union. —BROWNING.
Alpha Phi Omega—Initiation and banquet at 6 :45 tomorrow in rooms 1 and. 2 of Union. —SACHS.,
English 1 Students, Past and Present— Students who have not yet made a passing grade in any or all of the grammar, punctuaion, and spiling tests should plan to be present at the make-up exams which, respectively, concern them. The place is room 101, Education Building. The time is 4 and 6 p. m. as follows: grammar, Wednesday, May 13 ; spelling, Tuesday, May 19 ; punctuation, Friday, May 22. Students not now enroll^ in English F vfill need' a removal-of-condition card, in order to be admitted to the examination.
—WYKOFF.
Newman Club—Meet at St. Mary’s church immediately after 6:30 mass Sunday in suitable clothes for annual picnic at Turkey Run. 'Transportation will be provided. All desiring to go call Tom Doyle at; the Phi Kappa house. , —DOYLE.' Radio Club—%hort business meeting at 7 tonight in E. E. 129. Final Hamfest arrangements will be made. Plenty of help
needed.
—WEPPLER.
En^neer Staff—All members report to the office at 4, tomorrow for copy work. —BAALS.
Playshop—Applications fqr the property chairman will be accepted by tke board any time before Saturday afternoon. Leave applications at the Union desk in an envelope, —CALLIS.
Freshman Engin^rs—Students carrying assignment cards, but not taking engineering lectures, should report to the head of the school in which they plan to enroll before May 25 for a conference in 1936-37 schedule, —KNAPP.
W. A. A. Mass Meeting—Everyone is invited to the mass meeting tonight at 7:15 in the Women’s Gynn —ARNOLD.
Unorganized and P. I. . A. Junior Ags— Meet in P. I. A. office at 4 today. —WAIT, HERSH. Unorganized and P. I. A* Si^phomore and junior Civils—Meet in the P. I, A. office at 4 today. —WAIT, HERSH.
Engineering Freshmen—Meet for Engineering Lectures today by schools—civil engineers in C. E. Bldg; chemical engineers in E. E. Bldg.; mechanical engineers in M. E. Bldg.; industrial education, in Prof. Hoffman’s office in Michael Golden Shops; engineering law and public service engineers and all others in room 208, Engineering Administration Building. —KNAPP.
Scrivener-Meeting at 8 tonight at 204 South Ninth St. Bring manuscripts. —VERDER.
Women’s Open Swim-r-Tonight at 7:30. —ELLIS. W. A. A. Baseball-No games today. The following teams will play tomorrow at 4: freshmen vs. sophomotos, and juniors vs, seniors. —KELLY.
K. O. T. C.—Corps will form in Armory at
1:30 today for annual inspection.
—HAYFORD.
■ Fraternity Presidents—;Dinner meeting at S. A. E. house at 6 tonight. Please turn in tickets for frosh-varsity football game. Also be prepared to decide o" freshman rush booklet!, —McConnell. Christian Science Organization—Meeting tonight at 7 ;15 in the Engineer office of the Union. ^—DRISCOLL.
Tau Beta Pi—Members elected last fall please call for shingles at 153 Sheets St.
—LISCHER.
Railway Express can handle laundry packages for you very easily and economically. Simply notify the folks that you are shipping your laundry by Railway Express and ask them to return it the same way. If you wish, you can ship “collect.” It saves time and detail, and loose change. Railway Express is fast and dependable and can be relied upon to get your laundry back as fresh aixi in as good condition as when it left home. So think the idea over and telephone Railway Express. Our motor truck will pick up the package at your door at no extra charge. For service or information telephone 9 So. Second St. Phone2025 Loiayalte, Ind.
WSGA Officials Hold Meeting Old and new chairmeri and officers of W. S. G. A. held a meeting iri the Union ballroom yesterday afternoon. Ruth Copeland, new president of the or^nization, presided, and reports of all committees were given by the out-going chairmen. The problem of making the first semester of the school year merely exploratory in activities for the freshman women was discussed. Margaret Dimmick, former chairman of the residence committee, read her report and advocated elimination of houses which accommodated only one or two girls. Dean Dorothy Stratton made mention of the fact that several houses in which more than fifteen co-eds could live were seriously being considered.
Issue Call
Jeannette Scuddery chairman of the freshman orientations committee, issued a call for prospective mentors after reading her report. According to Lillian Peterson, former ^airman of the May Day committee, May Day this year was quite successful.,/ and: incorporating the ideas of several faculty members, she suggested that the pageant be wi'itten by one of the classes of the English department, and that the natural dancing class'originate the dances to be used. AChS Will Hold Final Meeting In Chem Bldg. At the final meeting of the Amer ican Chemical Society tonight at 7:30 o’clock. Dr. F. E. Denny, plant physiologist of the Boyce Thompson Institute for Plant Research will speak on “People, Plants, and Chemicals.” The meeting will be held in Room 106 of the Chemistry
Building.
A banquet will be given in the Union Building preceding Dr. Den-
ny’s talk.
Lambda Chi Alpha state daricf^ will be held in Indianapolis Saturday night. Sunday afternooriy the Alpha Chi Oiriogri sorority will entdrtairi the Lambda Chi’s at tea. Ralph Reynolds will furnish the syncopation for the Pi Kappa Phi spring sport dance Saturday night
at the house.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon will hold, its annual spring formal at the house Saturday night.
Bob Kelly will play for the Sigma Alpha Mu spring house formal Saturday night.
Alpha Tau Omega fraternity will hold its spring formal dance tomorrow night from 9 to 12 o’clock at the chapter house. Freddie Kaye arid his orchestray who are to play for the Union mixer Saturday, will furnish the music. Chaperones will be Dr. arid Mrs. F. M. Hall, Professor and Mrs. J. J. Davis, and Capt. and Mrs. C.C.Duell.
piece of cloth
Gpodali . . . famous inventors Of the one and only . . . Pahn Beach cloth ... spent $5,0(10,000 in developing and promoting this unique fabric. That’s a great sum ... but it’s invested in a great product; . . To make that investment doubly wise, they set up a model tailoring plant to make the perfect summer garment . . . and that’s a garment we’re proud to bring you today.
Palm Smeb §iiits
GEISLErS
RAILWAY Express agency INC. nation-wide RAIL-AIR service
Freshman Co-eds Win In Baseball Tonmey Members of the freshman co-ed baseball team defeated the seniors yesterday with a score of 9 to 3 in the W. A. A. interclass tournament. Pflughaupt and Blank were the freshman stars with two runs each, while Dunwoody and Hawkins made the points for the seniors. The juniors, however, defeated the freshman team, 11 to 8, with Charles and Venemann leading their lineup, each with two runs. Nichols and Schafer were the outstanding freshman
players in this game.
MOTC Inspection, Review Starts Today (Continued from page 1) the Memorial Union ballroom. Awards will be made to honor graduates, most improved junior officers, winners of senior tactics contest, and students excelling in leadership and command in each class, at this banquet. The program will include addresses by President Elliott and General Cole^ music by a sextet of cadet officers and a xylophone solo by F. G. Baase, of the University band, as well as a drill by the Zouaves. Major W. H. Maris will act as toastmaster. > Toi^orrow the inspecting officers will visit military classes, one section in each course given by the military department being inspected. On the basis of this inspection the visiting officers will give the University R. O. T. C. unit an official rating. The unit has won the highest rating, that of “excellent”, twelve
times.
500 Main ... Lafayette
Local Artists’Works' On Exhibit Im Union The works of local artists were placed on exhibit in the upper corridor of the Union Building last Friday and are to remain up through Gala "Week. About 36 paintings, including the work of June Burkholder, wife of Prof. C. L. Burkholder of the agricultural staff, and Mrs. Robbins, wife of Professor Robbins of the Agronomy department, will be on display, Mr. Moser has some of his water colors hung and Glenore Brockenbrough, O. L. Poster, Geo. Wilstach and Mr. Sherlock also have samples of their talent in the exhibit. The display is sponsored by the Advisory Committee on Art Affairs here at the University. Prof. E. 0. Lawrence, U. of California scientist, has succeeded in turning platjnum into gold.
THE SEASON’S SMARTEST OXFOROS
ilTTINC
ANB
Glen Downey To Speak At WAA Mass Meeting “Baseball from the Spectator’s Point of View” will be the subject of a talk to be given by Glen Downey, Boilermaker pitcher, at the first W. A. A. mass meeting this evening at 7:16 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. Reports of the W. A. A. convention at Minneapolis will be given by Katherine Dunwoody arid Betty Arnold, representatives of the University.
PR#PE1I
Religious Gotmcll Elects New Officers At the Purdue Religious council meeting held recently, Ben Saunders was elected president, Lome Doud, vice president, and Saxon Shewalter, secretary-treasurer. The executive committee was reorganized at the meeting and is now compqsed of the presidents of different foundations, church groups, and Y. W. C. A.
FREEMAN Ska^^ndcA Here's a mans leather, diaggy and tweedy. I ^to I A*® street clothes ^ L-/ with 'Shagbucks'— in Grey, Brown, White Some Styles and Blue . . . You'd expect to pay more for Slightly Higher these fine shoes, but once''you discover 'Freemans' you'll never pay more—anymore. WORN WITH PRIDE BY MILLIONS A. B. C. Shoe Co. 412 Main St.
r The Archer $2.50
/We’ve been studying anatomy again and Archer is the result—a new form-fitting shirt with bilateral seams curved to fit the declivity of the back, then distended oyer the seat and (Curved in again. No blousing in front. No creeping up in back. In white and fancy patterns. Sanforized Shrunk. ARROirSI
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADTEETISEES