This Newspaper la Published Each Moming Of, By, and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TtniRSllAY Decetnber 16, 1967 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 79
ioilermakers Down Detroit, 53-26
Dickinson Leads Scoring; Anderson, Young Foul Out
Enders Addresses Science Banquet Tonight
State Millers Will Open Conference Tomorrow At 11 Indiana mill owners and operators will open their mid-year meeting here tomoirow morning at 11 o’clock. From 60 to 76 millers are expected to attend the meeting. Operators will confer with University officials concerning the use of Indiana flour in a 4-H Club baking project. The 4-H program is under the direction of the agriculture extension department. Speakers booked by the millers include Dean J. H. Skinner, of the agriculture school; Dr. Z. M. Smith, state leader of 4-H Club work; Miss Edna Troth, assistant state 4-H Club leader; T. R. Johnston, director of information for the University; and Dr. H. R. Kraybill, state
chemist.
Monon Announces Students' Special Students desiring transportation from Chicago, 111., or vicinity, after the holidays will be given the service of a Monon Special which will leave Chicago at 4 p. m. January 2. The special will leave Englewood at 4:16 and Hammond at 4:45. It will arrive in Lafayette at 7 ;20 p.m. Sunday, January 2. An Indiana University special will leave Bloomington Friday night, December 17, and will pass through Lafayette, on its way to Chicago, sometime Friday evening. Further information may be obtained by calling the Monon ticket office. Do Not Drink, Go Out In Cold—Doc Editor’s Note: This is the fifth iti a series of articles based on interviews with Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, and concerninK health precautions duringr winter weath-
“There’s no harm in taking a drink of liquor before going out into the cold air, is there, Doc?” we asked the genial director of the Health Service yesterday afternoon. “It helps to keep a fellow warm.” “It is absolutely, the wrong thing to do,” replied Doc as he ripped a swath of tape (and with it son^e hair and fragments of skin) frotn the bruised leg of a student. “By all means, no.” “When a person becomes cold the blood, rushed to the internal organs fob protection and leaves the skin blanched/’ Dpe contih^ued, as he snipped off another yard of tape and slapped it around the fellow’s leg. (He claims he has to use a certain amount of tape each year to maintain his professional standing). “The proper thing to do is to put on extra clpthes.” “Alcohol causes the blood to rush to the surface of the body and thus makes a person" feel warm,” Doc says, “but it leaves the internal organs unprotected. Also, the person, feeling warmer, often sheds part of his clothing. This just complicates the situation.” When a person drinks to excess, thus arriving at a condition commonly known as “free wheeling” (because the mind is cut off from the rest of the body), he may drive around in an open automobile, sit on the cold ground or pavement, or commit other hygienic errors. Doc states. Alcoholism is one of the most common causes of respiratory diseases, especially of pneumonia, he says. Capes of this disease were reduced about half by prohibition, according to figures from one large hospital.
World Traveler Will Broadcast, Give Personal Interviews During Second Visit To Campus Returning from a lecture and dinner in Indianapolis by midnight train late last night, Gordon B. Enders returned to the campus to make his appearance as principal speaker at the All-Science Banquet this evening at 6 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. He will present new highlights, never before divulged on this campus on “Tibet and the Far East Crisis.”
WBAA To Interview
Enders will be interviewed on Prof. Phillips’ WBAA program at
at 10 o’clock this imorning. At 2 and 4 p. m. he will lecture in the faculty lounge of the
I gm^Memorial Union ^.^PjBuilding on the
situation in the city of Shanghai as he observed it.
Ceres Announces Closing Date For Agronomy Essays Ceres, local agronomy honorary fraternity, announces February 15 as the deadline for the submission of manuscripts for their annual essay contest. This contest is sponsored to stimulate interest in agronomy. Subject matter of the papers should pertain to agronomy and should not exceed 1,500 words in length, according to R. H. Chinn, president of the organization. A list of suggested topics and a list of the rules governing the contest have been posted on the bulletin board in Ag Hall. The Dickinson Seed Company’s Pine Tree Trophy will be awarded the winner in the upperclass division, and the winner of the freshman division will be awarded the Ceres Essay Contest Cup. Second place winners in each division are to receive bronze medals. The winning essays will be published in the Purdue Agriculturist. Horticuifurists To Dine At 5:30 Today Assistant Dean of Agriculture V. C. Freeman will be the principal speaker at the annual banquet of the Purdue Horticulture Society to be held at 5:30 this afternoon in the dining room of the Home Economics Building. W. B. Fisher, Horticulture Society president, will act as toastmaster for the occasion. Prof. L. Green, head of the horticulture department, will also speak; and Frank Khan, freshman engineering student will present several semi-clas-sical pieces on the occordion. All students desiring tickets may get them from Fisher or by calling 51304. Horticulture students may obtain tickets free of charge, while they are priced at 65 cents for the members of the faculty. First Foresters' Ball Will Be Held January 7 Kappa chapter of Xi Sigma Pi, national forestry honorary, and the Purdbe Forestry Club will unite in opening the after-holfday campus social season yiritb their first Forestry Ball, Friday evening, Jani^gry 7, from 9 to 12 ih the Memorial Union ballroom. The dance Will be arrange4 by committees appointed by Charles S. Walters, president of the Forestry Club, and Joe E, Schwendler, of Xi Sigma Pi. Jack W. Scatterday is chairman of the committee in charge of decorations; George Youpg t^hd W. H. Guyer will be in charge of tickets^. Penalty Dates Tomorrow afternoon’ and Saturday morning, the 24-honr period preceding Christmas vacation, are penalty dates. Likewise, January 3 is a penalty
date,
Ih case of absence from class * during either of these periods, in accordance with University rules, the usual $6.00 fine will be assessed.
His talk at the banquet tonight QorDONB-^OERS will be a continuation of his talk at the same banquet last year. Preceding his appearance at that time, Enders said, “I was just a typical American boy in short pants and a cotton shirt when I first went to live among the Tibetans.” He left Tibet only while he was receiving his education and piloting a plane in the World War. Enders is the first foreigner in history to hold a cabinet post under the ruler of the Hermit Kingdom. Throiigh the Student Union and University officials, opportunity for meeting Enders personally has been a!rranged. The periods from 8:30 to 10 and from 11 to 12 this morning will be devoted to personal interviews. Arrangements for an interview can be made by calling Tay-
lor at 6058.
Tickets On Sale The banquet is sponsored by the Science school and the Student Union. Anyone wishing to attend may secure tickets at the price of 75 cents eac|i from members of Delta Rho Kappa, science honorary, or from Prof. H. E. Enders’ office in Stanley Coulter Hall. Prof, Kelty, Bee Expert, To Talk During Ag Week Prof. R. H. Kelty of Michigan Agricultural College, manager of large commercial apiaries in Michigan, will give a talk on his observations of beekeeping in other states, at a program for beekeepers during the Agricultural Conference Week at the University, January 11 to 13. Three other lectures covering the management of the apiary through the year will be given by Prof. Kelty, whose extensive travels in the beekeeping regions of the country lend weight to his talks.
Staying Here Christmas? See Val Saturday Do you happen to have a twoweeks Christmas vacation in Lafayette in the absence of all your frieuds staring you in the
face ?
If this be your lot, you are one of the persons whom Manager Lloyd Valleljf wants to see at his meeting in the game room of the Union at 5 o’clock Saturday. Realizing that not all students are able to go home for the recess, Vallely has planned this meeting in order that those staying jiere can make their vacation a more cheerful one. Already he has decided to keep the browsing room, bowling alleys, sweet shop, game room, and billiard room open. Other ideas for vacation entertainment should be brought to Saturday’s meeting. All proposals will 4)6 discussed and a full program for the two weeks period will be worked out at that time. PIA Dancers Will Hear Biid Bryant Bud Bryant’s orchestra will play for the PIA semi-formal Christmas dance in^he Union ballroom, tomorrow evening from 9 to 12 o’clock. Couples must have PIA membership cards to be admitted, but membership may be obtained as late as 10 o’clock tomorrow night. Members of Mrs. Duncan’s Academy will present several tap dances with special arrangements by the orchestra. Faculty chaperons and their wives who have been invited to attend the dance are: President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott, Prof, and Mrs. T. K. Cowden, Prof, and Mrs. E, T. McBee, and Prof, and Mrs. W. B. Sanders. Steer Made Chairman Of Annual Speech Meeting M. D. Steer, director of the speech clinic, will be chairman at the first of three sessions on speech correction at the annual convention of the National Association of Teachers of Speech in New York City during the Christmas vacation. He will be in charge of the nie«ting to be held on Thursday, December 30 at the Hotel Pennsylvania. E. K. Jeromd and J. S. Maddox, of the speech clinic staff, will attend the convention.
Fraternities Play ^Santa’ To 300 Lafayette Children
By Fred
“Derc retely tuff wiiere I cum frum. Da furd-er ya go down da street da tuffer dey git. ’N I live on de end of de street!” This startling declaration camfe from the mouth of an eight-year-old urchin whp was having the time Qf his life being “tuff” on the foo^, “tuff” on the presents and “tuff” on the fraternity brothers at one of the annual fraternity panties for less fortunate children. This year, over 300 of these children will be washed up a bit aqd led to what might easily be the biggest meals of their lives, ice cream ’n everything-—not to mention fine, useful, and delightful gifts that the “fraternity Santa” will bring them later in the evening. From n li^t
compiled by the Salvation Army, the committee in charge allotted from 10 to 20 of the urchins to each fraternity. At one party an “alleged” eight-year-old turned out to be 10. Calling himself “Tuffy,” he tried to beat up on several members of the fraternity, and, according to reports was not'doing a bad job of it. Tuffy did away with three plates of turhey. As a startling contrast, his sister was described as “a perfect lady.” Two timid children wouldn’t eat and had to be taken upstairs and fed separately. Bashfulness, predominant at the beginning of, the entertainment, melted into loquaciousness as fraternity brothers and the children reajly got acquainted.
Working against; the strongest defensive opposition experienced in any of their contests thus far, the Boilermaker speedy basketball quintet defeated the Detroit UAiversity Spartans 53 to 26 last night in their third game on the new Fieldhouse floor. The game was marked by considerable rough playing and fouling on the part of both teams. Two Boilermaker netmen were sent to the showers by the personal foul method, as Anderson and Young both received four fouls before the game was over. A total of 41 j)er-
sonal fouls were called by the officials. Dickinson Stars On the opening play, Anderson tipped the ball to Dickinson by his peculiar double-tip method and the game was under way. The Detroit defense was too tight for the Boilermakers, and nearly two minutes passed before Anderson took the ball in the pivot position and flipped a pass to Young going under the basket, for the first tally of the game. Lambert used the regular lineup for the balance of first half, with the passing for the most part rather ragged because of close guarding of ttae Spartan team. Tommy Dickinson played an exceptionally fine offensive game the first period, making three field goals and drawing eight personal fouls, seven of which he made. Left Hand Shots The adeptness of the Detroiters in slipping left-handed hook shots through the hoop was matched nearly point for point by Purdue’s left-hander, Jewell (Brig) Young, and the half ended with the Boilermakers well out in front 27 to 12. The second half began with Sines, Hutt, Fischer, Dickinson, and Beretta in for the Boilermakers, Young and Anderson both benched with three personal fouls. Considerable excitement developed shortly after the half began when Sines received a technical foul from umpire Kearns, and Laske was allowed to shoot three times because of the booing of the Purdue fans. Malaska, Zink In At this point “Jumpy” Malaska entered the game, accompanied by Zink, and proceeded to score four beautiful shots during the remainder of the half. Purdue’s defensive work was exceptionally fine the last half of the game, and many of the Detroit passes were intercepted or knocked down by the Boilermhker ball-hawks. Young and Anderson re-entered (Continued on page 4) 'Shop Early, Ship Today,' Pleads Railway Express “Shop early and ship today” takes on special significance as all indications point toward the biggest Christmas business in years, according to the Railway Express Company. Despite the holiday pleas of the express authqrities, past experience suggests that there will be the usual number of “last minute” shipments. The Railway Express Agency has provided for this by arranging deliveries on Christmas Day. Even if the decipieut of the gift lives half’ way across the continent, he may be reached by the overnight service of the Air Express, which spans 2,600 miles between dusk and dawn.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Mostly cloudy Thursday. Friday, partly cloudy. No decided change. Local Temperatures: 9:30 p. m. Tuesday to 9:30 p. m. Wednesday: High, 39; law, ST; mean, 32.6.
Sasser Announces Possibility Of Two Prom Orchestras Following a meeting 3resterday afternoon with University A^4itor W. A. Bodden, R. M. Sasser, Junior Prom chairman, announced there was a possibility that two bands could be engaged for Prom. A main band for the ballroom and a campus band for the cafeteria were suggested at the two-hour ses-
At a short meeting last night members of Gala Week committee chose Dave Thompson, chairman. Complete organization of this committee will be made after the Christmas holidays.
sion. Full organization of the committee will be completed immediately after the Christmas recess. Sasser stated last night he woxild welcome any suggestion from juniors and seniors concerning Prom in order that his committee might be able to plan the prom upperclassmen want. / WeasCsBand Will Play At Ag Party Saturday Night George ^Yeast’s orchestra will furnish dance music for agriculture staff members and guests at their annual Christmas party in the Memorial Union Building this Saturday evening. All those who arrive at the party within 15 minutes after the 8:15 o’clock starting time will be given door prizes. A bridge tournament will be held during the evening, and refreshments will be served. Tickets for the party may ^ obtained until 4 o’clock Friday afternoon from the fallowing persons: E. L. Butz, G. W. Sample, D. C. Pfendler, F. C. Gaylord, W. R. Amick, George Spencer, K. C. Boxell, F. L. Walkey, E. E. Schnetzler, and L. M .Vogler. Prof. Jacklln Receives SAE Committee Position Prof. H. M. Jacklin, of the mechanical engineering school, has been placed on the steering committee of the Society of Automotive Engineers transportation and maintenance activity. The appointment was made by F. L. Faulkner, vice-president-elect of the society. Prof. Jacklin is chairman of the organization’s student relations committee and a member of its research committee. Sigma Pi Initiates Sigma Pi, social fraternity, announces the initiation of Wttbup Meek, Richmond; William Lawson, Newport, B. L; Bernard Serowick, Schenectady, N. Y.; Frank Bykowski. South Bend; and William Clark, Cleveland, Oi - —'* 4
pate;' Ifc'
THE PHRDUE EXPONENT
Thuraday, December 16, 1937
The Editor Says
How Far Will Open Campaigning... ... go in student elections at the University if it is unrestricted? That’s one question which the recent Prom campaign precipitated. Last February, in the first open Prom-Gala Week campaign at Purdue, both the winning Natural Party and the Seven Aces combination kept expenses down to reasonable figures. The former spent about $37, the latter slightly less than $30. Victorious All-Campus candidates dug up about $31 for campaign expenditures this fall; the Bona Fide party spent less than $30; but the Square Dealers- put on a show that cost them probably $100. (The figures for the first two parties were obtained from candidates on them, but no “official” expense total has been announced by the Square Ddal machine). Perhaps there is no cause for worry about the amount of money Purdue students will put into a campaign . . . their common sense and limited allowances may take care of that. When a party spends an excessive sum as campaign expenses, however, it may do so with the idea of getting some of it back later. And that can’t be done, with Bill Bodden auditing Prom accounts. Gerald Elliott, Senate elections chairman, suggested a year ago,; When open campaigning was approved by #^^te, that each political party be required to^fhbmit an expense statement to the el^iq)p committee after elections. That so®s like a pretty good idea to us, especially since candidates in local, state, and national elections must do that, according to law. Students might as well accept now the outside world’s way of handling expense accounts.
the Purdue Exponent
Ptosoeinted ^Uc0iate_J|r^s MAOUOH ; WISCbMSIH Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of C^nsreas of llareh 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1017, anthorised Jan. 20, 192^. Published daily except Uonday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.50. RBPneSENTED POU NATIONAL ADVBRTI8INO BY National AdvertisingService, Inc. College Publishers Representative j 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago - Boston - Los Angeles - san Francisco MAIN OPWC® 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6087 Business Phone 60.88 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Bnsiness Manager
R. P. Manion
D.C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor, —J. E. Brock Associate Editors....... .D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor's Secretary_.. Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager.... J, P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager E. B. Hensler Circulation Manager ... .....M. C. Beeves CO-ED STAFF Editor Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin y Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF R. P. Obenchain J. S. Brown, R. L, McDonald, B. D. Witwer
Editor Associate Editors
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue Universily. All opinions in it, uniess otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessanrily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-toivin-chief. Night Editor—Hardin Issue Editor—Houston Thursday, December 16, 1937.
Letters to the Editor
What Happened To Activities Charts? ■Dear Editor: May I begin my first remarks for publication by paying my compliments to the Exponent staff for their excellent work on our campus paper. I’m sure the student body would suffer a great loss if this facility were removed. Therefore, we Purdue students, have great fgith in the news published in the Exponent. I think I am not incorrect in stating that I saw some announcements in our paper in regard to an activities chart. The chart was to explain the activities of the respective campus organizations with other information about their functions. I believe such a chart would be very warmly welcomed by all students. Now, Mr. Editor, what has happened to the char.fe? Is it yet published? Was that what the B and B column featured,last week? If so I’m, not a little disappointed. Couldn’t there be a chart made something on the Order of the aforementioned? Or are my observations of your newspaper incorrect? I wish to be set right on this matter. R. W. B., Sci. ’41 Present Good Theatre Productions At Purdue Dear Editor: After discussing the convocation of Tuesday evening, our history class suddenly realized the possibility of good theatre productions being presented at Purdue. This would not eliminate such worthy organizations as Playshop; on the contrary, brilliant performances would be a stimulus and inspiration to student actors. It was revealed to us that Mr. Priestley is of the opinion that the American theatre today does not hold a high enough position in the
field of American art. The motion pictures, which have a place in the scheme of things, do hot, however, substitute adequately for actual stage productions. They tend to destroy that realistic feeling one receives upoii seeing living people perform before him. It is surprising to note the number of people who have never even seen a professional production. It seems to me that drama is impoid>ant in our cultural education. I am sure other students, who have not had the opportunities to see plays, would appreciate productions of the theatre here at Purdue. Together with our lectures and musical program they would hiake a mhre complete schedule for our convocations. F. M. 0. and V. J. H.
ATTENTION STUDENTS Schedule of Special Train for Return Trip, Sunday, Jan. 2 Leave Chicago. 4:00 p. m. Leave Englew’d....4:15 p. m. Leave Hammond..4:45 p. m. Leave Lafayette....? :20 p. m. Ar. Bloomington 9:30 p. m. Special Student Rates For Further Information Call L. D. Wood 6701
By Sally McKee Merry Christnias: And don’t forget to write thank you notes for those many Christmas present. The notes needn’t be long Also answer your Christmas cards. You’ll havfe a lot more real friends for the year if you take this method of increasing your correspondence. In last week’s New Yorker we came across the following item in the usual tone of that paper.
on a
(Slinitmai C. E. Wolford 109 Vine St. West Lafayette, Ind. Shoe Repairing
A gentleman who had the good fortune to attend a large and formal luncheon at which Emily Post was also present tells us that the lady has met and conquered the problem presented by those very crumbly rolls that are frequently served you. She gets as many crumbs in front of her as anybody else, but has a neat method of disposal. Using a place card, she scrapes them all into the palm of her hand and then tosses them down her throat with a motion not unlike that of a man swallowing a couple of fingers of whiskey neat. True or not true, this story illustrates one very essential point in good manners and^social aplomb. To do a social trick easily is usually to do it well. Mrs. Post could get away with this trick by the ease and grace of the doing.
3[£dtMjL Victor Release
• 25714 GOD’S COUNTRY IN THE SHADE OP THE NEW APPLE TREE Leo Reisman and Orchestra • 25722 GOOD NIGHT ANGEL GIVINGIN’ IN THE CORN Hal Kemp’s Orchestra • 25724 THE ONE ROSE OH, LADY BE GOOD Larry Clinton's Orchestra • 25721 JUBILEE SCRAPIN’ THE TOAST Larry Clinton’s Orchestra • 25723 AUTOPSY ON SCHUBERT TWO DUKES ON A PIER Larry Wagner an<J His Rhythmasters • 36210 THE ROSARY THE BELLS OF ST. MARY’S Lew White playing organ with Harp and Chorus.
McLean Music Co.
MAIN BT.
LAFATB1TB
COME BLOW YOUR HORN SAE actives have been rudely awakened every morning this week until this morning.
The story goes like this: Last Saturday the SAE’s issued an edict to the pledges that actives should be awakened each morning at 7 o’clock by the singing of some Christmas carols. The pledges were to do the singing perched in trees surrounding the SAE dorm. Monday morning . , . the actives were awakened, but iiot by Christmas carols . . . Little Davie “Flash Light rolled them out with blasts of “Reveille” on his bugle ... and at 6 a. m. instead of the stated 7.
This continued every day, with the' actives getting madder and madder . . . until this morning V^hen some snooping active found Davie’s bugle and hid it. They do say the carols sounded rather sour without the bugle accompaniment. Amid and amixt Christmas parties and tests this week is one of the busiest yet. B and B tomorrow will be set aside for a “Letter to Santa Claus” requesting appropriate presents for various campus notables. Don’t miss it and the selected short subjects which will accompany it.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By
Copr. 1937 by United Feature Byndfoate,
‘By the way, Studs, how many shop/lifting days left to Christmas ”
The shot-in'-the-arm method of in-I Absent-mindedness does not beoculating students for colds is out j long exclusively to professors, as of date. Dr. J. B. Grant, head of the an audience at the University of hospital at Iowa State University i Wichita’s ROTC band concert
has announced that pills which do the same work have been compounded.
learned. The clarinet soloist forgot to play until the number was almost over.
ARC
mtUr It’s crisp ond fresh •. . and piping hot!
TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
V
THE CUIfOBNIAN
Today - Fri. - Sat. -Double Feature—FIVEUVESIN THE BALANCEI
• ••as a secret love is bared ! Gripping drama of today!,.
Hop
Adolph Zukor preionts
—Hand—* Racetrdeii'^ Jtomane»t-
plus—“DICK TRACY” No. 3
SUNDAY — MONDAY JACK BENNY in “COLLEGE HOLIDAY” LORETTA YOUNG and ADOLPH MENJOU in “CAFE METROPOLE”
7/
A Paromounl niUvr* with SnUA ARMIR * JOHN PAYNE 6RANT RICMAR0S * BENNY BAKER • KATHERINE KANE iSABEi JEWEL • LUIS ALBERNI
Starts TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
ROMANCE ABL.^E WITH MELODY! A Great Love and Laughter Story With a Glowing Thrill! NINO MARTINI
‘MUSIC FOR MADAME” with JOAN FONTAINE ALAN MOWBRAY -PLUS—
PARIS AFTER MIDNIGHT! ....AND A BEAUTIFUL GIRL ACCUSED OF MURDER!
Also SILLY SYMPHONY
MARS
Starts TODAY■■ \
* K
jpnpipypn^
*)i
V'
Thursday# December 16. 1937
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Squad Leaves On Long Vacation Jaunt Saturday Members of the speedy Boilermaker net squ’ad will embark on the longest vacation jaunt that aPy Gold and Black basketball team has ever taken when it Jeaves Saturday for Chicago and a trip through the western states.
DePaul University will provide
opposition for the team Saturday night in the first game of their holiday journey. The Blue Demons have consistently placed good teams on the floor for the past several years and are annually rated among the best in the country. The Boilermakers were able to gain an eight point victory from the DePaul five last year, defeating them 63 to 45 after a hotly contested battle. Meet Loyola Monday The net squad will remain in Chicago over the week-end, meeting the tall Loyola squad Monday night before leaving for Colorado. Coach Lennie Sachs has been at Loyola since 1928, his teams winning 151 and losing 86 games over a 14-year perjod. This year’s squad gives indication of becoming one of the best to represent the school in recent
years.
Loyola’s squad is composed principally of junior and senior-veter-ans, and features a six-foot-nine-inch center, Mike Novak who reputedly can drop the ball into the basket without leaving his feet. In contrast to Novak is speedy Jack Driscoll, diminutive floor guard, who has to stretch to reach the five-foot-seven-inch marker. ^ Leave For Colorado Following the Loyola game, the team will leave for Colorado, where
it plays the University of Denver on December 22. From there tke squad will continue on to the West Coast and Los Angeles before returning
to Lafayette.
I
Squash Team Will Make Eastern Trip During Holidays Purdue’s squash team, under the direction of Coach IVi.'L. Clevett, is fast rounding into shape for its trip through the East during the Christ mas holidays. Playing for-four straight nights, they will meet Pennsylvania at Philadelphia on December 27, the Princeton squad at Trenton the 28, Yale at New York the 29th, and Harvard at New York the 30th. The five members of the team making the trip are Captain J. G. Lucek, K. M. Linn, A. W. Sokolowski, T. 0. Jackson, and R. D. Juve.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
This poor old grad^ in his freshman daze. Adopted studious thoughts and ways^ He crammed his Turret Top with fact^ But never learned how one should act.
[t’s simple arithmetic that the more cars General Motors sells the greater this organization grows. And-^ the solid fact back of that growth is this: General Motors cars must continually offer more in terms of eoitra value to win, those sales. It is only because General Motors is great that it can maintain the research and improvertient program responsible for such modern betterments as the Turret Top, the Un|steel Body, No Draft Ventilation, Knee-Action and advanced Hydraulic Brakes, General Motoiis MEANS Good Hfeashde CBEVHOUET • PONTIAC • OLDSUOBILE • BUICK • LASAIXE • CADILLAC
Loyola Center
Michael (Big Mike) Novak, giant six-foot-nine-inch junior center on the Loyola University squad which plays the Boilermakers Monday night, December 20. Besides being one of the tallest players in collegiate ball, Novak has the ability to make use of his height, and last season was the second highest scorer on the squad.
The world's sweetest, coolest, smoking pipe that won’t bite or gargle, has been invented by Prof. Frederick A. Kirsten of the University of Washington. It has a light stem of duraluminum that cools the smoke and filters out the tar.
Five Fraternities Remain in Race For Intramural Trophy Five fraternities remain as contenders for the intramural participation trophy as results from the recent swimming meet completed possible point additions for the present semester. Cornering golf and softball championships, the Phi Delta Thetas have now assumed undisputed leadership in the trophy race, as they have amassed 216 points. \ Softball runner-ups, and now the runner-up in participation point total is Alpha Gamma Rho with 205 points. Kappa Sigma, Sigma Chi, and Theta Chi rank third, fourth, and fifth, respectively, with 203, 200 and 188 point totals. Sigma Chi has stayed in the running by participating in every individual event, while the Theta Chis won the swimming meet and placed second in both golf and touchball tournaments. Many Events Remain Remaining on the intramural schedule are many opportunities to gain participation poittts. Winners are ye't to be determined in class ‘“A” and “B” basketball, volleyball, baseball, tennis, golf, spring track, and the annual fraternity sports carnival. Few fraternities are taking advantage of their opportunity to gain participation points by placing men in Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic honorary. Any man gaining membership earns five participation points for his fraternity.
Following men are ineligible for competition in Intramural swimming meets during 1937-1938. R. E. ArpistrongW. D. Lahey E. D. Carr G. Tredwell G. Craig J. R. Vandelester J. H. Jacobi G. H. Kerber L. W. LaBree, Swimming Coach.
Special Student Buses ENJOY YOUR TRIP MORE— Ride with friends in comfortable buses to New York, St. Louis, and Cleveland at special rates. Leaving Lafayette December 18. FOR RESERVATIONS PHONE 2105 - 2151
Famous Elgin de* pendability in o new white metal case and embossed dial.
Elgin “Legion* naTiel" l^t^ gold filled case and bond.
STUDENTS! Open a Budget Accoimt Pay $1.00 a Week Mr. H. J. Regie is oar student representative. I Dial 7014 or see him on the campus.
Boxers Fight Final Elimination Bouts In Fieldhouse Tonight At 7:30 O'clock
Second round bouts in Purdue’s Golden Gloves elimination tournament will be held at 7:30 tonight in the Fieldhouse. These bouts will determine who will be entered in the Lafayette Journal-Courier tournament, representing the University. Winners of the Lafayette meet will be entered in the final Golden Gloves Tournament to be held in Chicago. Featured on tonight’s program will be a surprise bout with two very light boxers opposing each other in an exhibition match. The opponents are brothers and weigh just 77 pounds each. They will be seconded by their two older brothers who are now attending the University and their father will referee, making it strictly a family affair. Tonight’s fights will bring together the boxers of seven weight divisions in three rounds of two minutes duration. Last Friday’s first round matches brought out plenty of action with two knockouts and several close fights. Students will be admitted upon presentation of their student passports. The schedule of matches follows: 112 Pounds Modesitt vs. Armenoff. 118 Pounds Wilkerson vs. Franklin. 126 Pounds Hardesty vs. Murphy. 135 Pounds Mulholland vs. Dix Wacks vs. Rosenberg.
147 Pociiids Sterns vs. Woodhull. Keffaber vs. Errickson. 160 Pounds Smithson vs. O’Connor. Badet vs. Lyles or Dilts. 175 Pounds Grab vs. Lyles or Dilts.
BASKEIBALL —Today— COURT 1—Captain, referee. 7:00—Theta Chi vs. Theta Xi. 7:15—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 8:25—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 8:40—Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Chi. COURT 2—Aronson, referee. 7:00—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 8:40—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Theta Tau. COURT 3—Michael, referee. 7:00—Phi Kappa vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 7:15—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Beta Theta Pi. 8:25—Cary Hall 6 vs. Ward 2X.
ARROW Is a Great Big Word Meaning the Kind of a SHIRT and TIE Father or Brother Appreciates They are to be found at HERSEY'S “Smart Apparel for Men” OPEN EVENINGS Opposite the Mars
FOOTPRINTS in the Sands of Time Go Barefoot and Buy a Watch From Richard J. Bath 605 Main Street Phone 6377 Lafayette, lad.
Christinas Is Coming and Clothes Need Cleaning
Have your clothes cleaned by West Side Cleaners before going borne to see your “folks”.
West Side CleanersA
>uliD
THE PUHBUE EXPONENT
Thursddy, Deceittbei: 16* 1937
Boilermakers Drub-
(Continued from page 1)
the game with four minutes left to play, but were shortly fouled out. With two minutes left to play in the game, the score stood 49-26 and the Boilermaker fans started calling for 50 points. The squad obliged With a magnificent last minute rally, Zink and Malaska dropping in one each to end the game 53 to 26 in favor of the Gold and Black.
Summary: Detroit (26) Kolibar Piana Laske Bruce Caliban Buchholz Palencsar O’Donnell McDermott
B. 1 1 1 0 2 1 0 1 1
F. 0 1 1 0 5 1 0 1 1
Totals
8 10 12
Purdue (53) Sines Young Zink .
B. F. P. 3 0 2 4 0 4 2 0 1
Della Upsiloit Elects Officers, Initiates 10
Delta Upsilon social fraternity announces the election of house officers for the coming semester: president, W. K. Stallings, Alton, 111.; vice-president, Glenn L. Brown, Milford; recording secretary, T. D. Cabonargi, Highland Park, 111.; treasurer, W. S. Craft, North Manchester; alumni secretary, W. F. George, Ma3nvood, 111.; and corresponding secretary, R. J. G. Maurer, Lakewood, O.
The initiation of the following pledges is also announced: W. S. Bendell, R. S. Christiansen, T. E. Hennis, G. E. McCoy, L. K. Harvey, J. C. Metzger, R. W. Oyler, P. H. Phend, S. J. Thursby, and J. C. Woodson.
Hutt . Anderson Fisher Lyboult Dickinson Yeager Berretta Malaska
Totals
21 11 20
• the Pursue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for « College EdsicaSion H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic nS.PAULA.aiSK ns. SASOLD 3. BISK DB. BOBBEl' G. B^K ML LUTHBSA.BISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
AFTER OTHERS FAIL TRY QUILLAR T. SMITH
PODIATRIST
Specialize in Corns. Bunions and
inirrown Toe Nails
EXAMINATIONS FREE “UMP IN AND WALK OUT” Office Hours 8:30 A. M. to 6 P. M. Office 625 Main St. Phone 7727 Residence 1126 N. 15th Phone 36781
Confectionery
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream
and Candy
Glotz's Confectionery
Main and Sixth Sta.
•Taxi Service-
The Thinkiar Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB
Black Cars for Special Occasiona 25c per passenrer any part pf city 5023—Phones—3071
YELLOW CAB CO.
— Shoe Repair — BOSSuisTG Shoe Repair Shop in tho VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Dine
fiudifiL
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 51 at Undbergh Read
Hardware
Exponent! How Did The Name Start
Why the name Exponent? Was it derived from its algebraic cousin the “power,’ or was it merely a figment of someone’s alert imagination?
If we can believe Webster, exponent refers to an “expounder, explainer, an index or representative giving exemplification or explaining.” Take your choice.
When you’ve solved this one and the history class gets dull, make up your collective minds whether the campus should call our daily rag by the good ’ole Hoosier pronunciation of Exponent, or whether we will succumb to the more easterly interpretation of ExPOnent.
Fifty Debris Staff Members Attend Party
Phillipe Chelala, art editor of the Lafayette Journal-Courier, entertained members of the Debris staff at their party yesterday afternoon in the Union.
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPEED HDW. 122 MAIN
Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop' Quality Fioteer$ Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • & Moat exclnaiTC aaaortaiieiit of caraarca available to Pnrdna Studanta. 527 Main Phone 54S2
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
—Printing-
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
~’Olfica Slalloncry. WcddioB InvUationf
PHONE - Sol.. Book., Elc..., 2 62 8 CASSEL'S 408FERRY
-Auto Rental—
ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR
Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St.
-Barbers-
MODEL BARBER SHOP
222 No. 5th Street Lafayette “THREE GOOD BARBERS”
Locksmith
‘^C” CARTER
< f far Bagra — Laika — Gaaatml Raaalilac Knife and Bclaaor Gr|ndinar Naw L.C.N. and Nartan Door Ohecka
Open Evcnlaga Ph. 2291 Stote-Bfala, W. L.
After Chelala had given his entertainment, refreshments were served. About 50 members of the Debris staff were present at the party.
WANTED—^Passenger to Bradenton , Fla. Leaving Saturday at noon. Call A. A. Siebenthal.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and
CARL'S
SPECIAL PURCHASE of Beautiful
NEW GIFT BAGS
On Sale at Only
$1.00
Lovely Gift Boxes FREE
BAGS ... a gift she'd adore . . . they're exquisite copies of very expensive bags ... all colors ■— styles — and materials!
132 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. EbershofT, 606 Main street.
LOST—A wide silver bracelet. Reward. N. Trimble, WRH-North. Phone 4051.
FOR RENT—^Room, within onehalf block of Union Building, for two students. Phone 2640.
WILL THE PERSON — Who picked up the brown purse by mistake in the WSGA office, please return it to the Union desk. Carolyn Singer.
LOST DRAFTING EQUIPMENT REWARD — 1 gray-black zipper bag containing Dietzgen drafting set No. 1088 (sc), 3 triangles, 2 irregular curves, 2 kcales, 2 Payzant lettering pens, 3 protractors, Venus pencils, 2 Koh-i-noor (CzechoslovaMa) long lead pencils, erasers, leads, erasing shield, etc. NO QUESTIONS ASKED.^ Harry D. Smith, Jr., Phone 66003. '
SOUTH BEND STUDENTS — Round trip to South Bend over vacation in chartered bus. Price $2.75. Phone 3326. W. L. Shedd.
Notices
Mo Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
University Students: Will everyone who is interested bring a 10-cent toy or 10 cents for poor children to the YWCA office by the evening of December 21. —BROWN.
WAA Volleyball: Games to be played this week. December 16, 4:00, Theta vs. Ward 8; Ward 4 vs. Ann Tweedale; Ward 2 vs. Pepsters ; 4:30, Chi Omega vs. Padalion ; Kappa vs. Ward 1; WRH North vs. Collegianna —RODERICK.
Glider Club: Important meeting December 16 in room B of the Union Building. —WEBB.
PIA Campaign Salesmen. Those having membership tickets to sell please check them in at the PIA office by December 16. —MABY.
Tau Beta Pi: Initiation banquet postponed until January 6, 1988 Pledges may obtain their keys this week from me after 7 p. m. at 433 Vine street. —GREIGER.
WSGA Sophomores: Training school December 16 at 4 p. m. —STEWART.
Chi Epsilon: Meet December 16 at 7:80 p. m. in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. —WALING.
WAA Deck Tennis: These games must be played December 17 at 4 p. m.: Boehm, Bertha, Clymer, Sholty, Morris, Mounce, Shaffer, Dodson, Jenkins, Cook, Tooten, and Schmoe. —JENKINS.
Orchestra: No practice because of basketball game. Please attend movies in Engineering Administration Building at G p. m. December 18. —HARRY.
WAA PING PONG; These games are to be played by noon, December 16: Lockner
vq. Cook; Randolph va. Sextbni HolliMf?worth vs. Weishaar; Christenson vs. Rapdall; Deleplane vs. Goss: Swick va. Neumann ; and Mather Vs. Gabler. —BLANK.
Reamer Club: The following men mpst meet in the Uniop at 7 p. m, Decemhet 16 to return tickets fqr freshman-varsfty basketball game: Abbott, Aull, Baals, Captain, Gault, Manion, Parkhurst, Parkinson, Reed, Schlundlt, Spnngman. Baase, Bell, Cripe, Ewing, Michpel, Reznik, Pontius, Knepple, Maby, and Wallace —goory.
Wesley Foundation r Will the student who lost a meal ticket for O. K. Cafe please call for it before December 18 ' —McFADDEN
Scrivener Members; Come to the office to work anytime between 10 a m and 5 p.m. December 16 —BOORD.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting in room C of Union 7:16 p m. December 17. —BARACCIOLO.
Radio dub; Code practice class will meet in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m December 16 —UPPMAN.
Sigma Delta Psi: To tryout meet Decem= ber 16 on the floor of the Fieldhouse at 4 pm. The tests will be the 100-yard dash, the low hurdles, the shot put, and possibly the swim. —KELLER.
Triton Club: Meeting at 7:30 December 16 All girls wishing to flnish passing the test must do so at that time There will be no open swimming. —WALKER.
Activity Bureau: Will be closed until January 6 —JACOBSON
Students’ Bible Class: Meeting in room C of the Union Building December 16 from 7 to 8 p m. Reverend Ainslie will discuss the subject. “Is Christianity a Failure?” All students are cordially invited. —BURBRINK
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting in t^ie Union Exponent office at 4 15 December 16. —FORSTER.
You’ll want to go
home at Christmas in
a Crown Cleaned Suit
flowers for all Formal Occasions
QlaJtk. J-iifvaL Qo. Phone 5432 527 Main Street'
MEN'S Neckwear 55c 2 for $1.00
At Sears a grand collection, lioliday priced. Finest satins of rayon and bemberg. Brand new Persian patterns, stripes and figures. Hand made. Resilient construction. Half wool lining.
Make it a Royal Ascot dress shirt! The label stands for definite superiority—finest fabrics, skilled workmanship and top notch style. Extra quality broadcloths and fancy shirtings — woven from combed mercerized yarns. Pre-shrunk. Oceap pearl buttons. White or fancy patterns. Vat dyed colors. Sizes 14 to 17.
Other Ties Up to $1.00
Others 57c and Up
MEN’S DRESS GLOVES
87c
OTHERS L.OO to $1.90
An outstanding gift special! Quality capeskin, pig grained. Lined or unlined. Button or slip-on style. Assorted colors. Sizes 714 to 1014-
FANCY DRESS SOX
35( 3pr.$1.00
Rayon or Lisle Assorted patterns All Wool 45c Others 7c and Up
Lafayette, Indiana
Phone>4039