Volume 53# No. 4
West Lafayette# Indiana
Thursday# September 11# 1941
PEW Department Adds Alice Bond, Theresa Bell, Mary Scoville To Staff
Information concerning Jiow to join any of the four Musical Organ
During the summer three new members have been added to the staff of the Department of Physical Education for Women. They are Alice Bond, Theresa Bell, and Mary ^coville. Mis& Bond is taking the place of Rae Frazer who is on a
leave of absence to study on a fellowship at New York Uni- izations on the dampus will be given versity. Miss Bond is a graduate of the University of Iowa and to all students who attend the genhas obtained her master’s degree from Columbia University, fral mdeting tonight at 7:30 p. m.
She comes to this University from the University of Illinois
to act as an advisor to WAA.
Opportunity Never Knocks' - Watson
V' Convo Opens 88fh
University Musicians
Will Assemble Tonight To Hear A. P. Stewart Date Bureau Offers Physics Department
Opporlunity's Knock Assigns Class Rooms To Potential 'Joes' I" Unfinished Building
Miss Bell will fill the position formerly occupied by Helen Knight, vwho resigned her position to teach dancing at the University of Wisconsin. Miss Bell is a graduate of New York University and earned hear master’s degree at the University of Pennsylvania where she taught for two ^ears before copiing to this campus. She will be in charge of all dance activities and will act as advisor of the modern dance department. Mary Scoville is taking the place
in the auditorium of the Hall of Music. At that time Albert P. Stewart and Joseph Ragains will explain
Dr. Ayres Replaces Marshall As Math Department Head
With the opening‘of the University today, Dr. William L. Ayres,
AWS date' bureau will function Physics classroom assignments
...VC c... ......... again this week. Those interested wore not contained in the Schedule the^ianizatiorTflhrdrfferrnt "‘ay sign up Thursday or Friday of Classes as the schedule was sent groups and give information about 4 to 6 O’clock in the Great Hall to the printer before the actual con-
of the Union or from 1 to 4:30 dition of the building at the openo’clock at the ^ame place on Satur- ‘og of classes was known,
day afternoon.
Dates will be obtained for either Friday or Saturday evenings. The following description of the advantages and opportunities offered by the date bureau was written by
tryouts.
Marvin Smith, manager of the Glee Club; Ray Friend, manager of the University Choir; Gene Kinelski, manager of the orchestra; and Jim Chase, manager of the Concert Choir, will be introduced
„ tt • ■. .. TiT- , • X 1 the meeting. Tomorrow and Sat- y y of the University of Michigan, took J?an Lauer.
over duties as the new head of the
Mathematics Department. Dr. mi. tt • • •
Ayres is replacing Professor Wil- ^X^he University Choir ^ presents ground floor and sign up with the liSm Marshall who retired two music for the religious serv- ^^te bureau for this week-end.
Opportunity Knocks
but once so get in on the
affairs of the department until the
appointment of a new hegd.
years ago but continued to run the y*""-
own.
A Friend ... in need is a friend ihdeed. If it’s fun and a good time you need, let the date bureau be your friend. Mighty Oaks from little acorns grow. Just
married D. E. Pratt of the English department. Miss Scoville graduated from the University of Michigan and taught at Mt. Clemens, Michigan. She will be a graduate assistant in health education, p.s.
ing programs- for Christmas and Easter. This group meets twice a week for rehearsal and has a mem-
bership of 260 students.
The Glee Club appears many times during the year- and travels throughout Indiana and surround-
ing states. It consists of 45 of the remember, the date you fearfully
best male voices on campus. Any skilled instrumentalists are eligible for fhe University Orchestra, which accompanies the University Choir’s Christmas and Easter cantatas and furnishes instrumental music for the annual
receive via the date bureau, or the one you pass up, may turn out to be a BMOC or BWO'C. One never
knows.
Don’t Put All ... your eggs in one basket. Mget mdre people through the date bu-
Varsity Show, All-University Sing i-’eau. Don’t get too interested in _ and May Day Program. The orches- just one person when you have this
Team In Fine Shape For First Hard Drill The 1941 Boilermaker football machine bit into its long and strenuous practice schedule, yesterday afternoon, as Coach Mai Elward put his charges through a hard double session, the only one that they will enjoy this year. The wel-
come arrival of cool weather Ayr^es’, T^ive" of Texas, is helped the varsity candidates a graduate of Southwestern Col-
to get the most out of their graduate study Was done jjjg pacyHy Lounge, After all life is made up of taking
at the University of Texas, the Urn- Friday^ September 12, at 4 p. m. No chances. This is a good time to take
Assignments are as'follows: Division Room Instructor
Physics 1 and 21
A 207 Yearian B 104 Radle C 104 Radle D 208 Schreiber E 104 Miller F 207 Barss G 208 Schreiber H .1 104 Miller I 207 Yearian J 309 Doran K 207 Barss L 310 Renzema M 208 Mundie
N 208
0 309 Doran P 104 Abbott
Session Of University
By Don Brophy
“They say opportunity knocks at your door only once. Opportunity never knocks at your door, but you can keep opeii-^ ing the doors of opportunity.” These were the words of “vision” that Thomas J. Watson, president of the International Business Machines Corp., presented to the students and faculty last night at the “V” convocation held in the
Hall of Music.
■ Before 3,000 students, faculty and townspeople Elliott presented the Monro Trophy award for the organization having a team of five men whose average scholatic index was the highest on the campus
to Cary Hall South.
PROXY, OR PREXY?
Dick DeGarmo, head yell leader, contributed a neW pronunciation to the modern slanguage dictionary
tute at Terre Haute yesterday. This
Schreiber statement was made at a meeting
tra is composed of 65 students. The Concert Choir of 36 voices is considered the honorary group of the musical organizations. Like the Glee Club it appears through-
out the state. -- Unioh Call-Ouf
There will be a Union call meet-
chance to meet others.
Beauty Is
. . . only skin deep. Everyone isn’t a Gable or a Lamar. Your date won’t have to look like a million dollars in order to be lots of fun. -s
Don’t Cross
. . . your bridges before you come to them and don’t expect too much or too little from the date'bureau.
long day and uncovered a spirit versity of Pennsylvania, and the among the men that bodes no University of Vienna. Since 1929 1^
has been a member of the faculty
previous experience is required. a few.
AC 310 Renzema AD 104 Smith Physics 2 and 22 A 306 Knipp B , 307 Carlson C 307 Carlson D 306 Guthrie
Physics Ic
A 215 Mitchell B 215 Mitchell
'75 Million Defense Workers Needed'Says D. B. Prentice “Fifteen million technical men will be needed by defense industries,” reported President D. B.
Prentice of Rose Polytechnic Insti- for the word, “prexy.” According to
this .dictionary, a prexy is the titular head of any palace of higher education. Mr. DeGarmo has generously offered the pronunciation, “PROXY,” instead of the timehonored collegiate pronunciation, “PREXY,” for the word, in heading {he first cheer at last night’s “V”
convo.
The “V” convocation, emphasizing whht Dr. Elliott termed the three attributes of modern America, vim, vision and victory, was part of the opening program of the University’s sixty-eighth year. Vim was supplied by Dick DeGarmo, head cheer leader, the University concert choir and “Spots”* Emrick and the Purdue Symphonic Band. Vision
of representatives of Notre Dame, Rose Poly and Purdue which are
Q ZZienzema the engineering, science, T? 008 MiiTiriia ""4 management defense training 3 ;i^o4 Smith P‘’°sram in this state. T 207 Barss Meeting with President Prentice U 104 Radle to make final plans for coordinating V „.208 Mundie the work ,of the three Indiana W 310 Renzema schools were Father Jamds D. T^X 104 Radle hey, CSC, who is in charge of the Y 309 King program at Notre Dame; Dugald Z 208 Schreiber Jackson, dean of the college of en-
AA 309 Doran gineering at Notre Dame; Prof. AB 104 Abbott Carl Wischmeyer, in charge of the
good for the opponents on their
schedule. Double Dose
The morning session began at 9 o’clock with an extended period given over to calisthenics. This was followed by a long session of dummy scrimmage that occupied most of the squad of 62 men for the remainder of the morning. The afternoon was filled with more calisthenics and dummy scrimmage. The punters and passers also drew the attention of the coaching staff as they woiked out with prospective
safety men and ends.
The linemen took a dose of light contact work as the afternoon wore on, and the practice was climaxed with brief and light scrimmage. Heib Duggins handled the ends. Red Mackey took charge of the tackles, and Sammy Voinoff supervised the guards. The entiic squad looked to be in good shape and this fact indicated that most of the players had kept themselves in shape through the summer months.
Scrimmage Today
The squad will probably bo sent through its first hard scrimmage, today, as it starts on the regular one practice a day schedule. The
opening game with Vanderbilt is minislrative work for the club will only 17 days away, but the squad meet with the officers in room 30‘2 faces an even earlier contest with of the Union tomorrow afternoorr the freshman team on September at 4:00 o’clock, when plans for the 20. j.d.f. ' I I’est of the year will be discussed.
at the University of Michigan and is also acounselor and associate secretary of the American Mathe-
matical Society, d.w.o.
Newmans Will Give Frosh Radio Dance This Evening At 7:30 University division of Newman Club, a national organization for Catholic college students, is sponsoring a free freshnran radio dance this evening from 7:30 to 10:00 o’clock in the north Faculty Lounge of the Union. All students are invited, and freshman ^rls attending the dance will have their hours automatically extended to 10:00
o’clock.
Brief addresses by athletic di-
rector Mai Elward backfield coach Joe
highlight the club’s second get-to-gether, a breakfast in the auditorium of St. Mary’s church just after the 9:30 mass this Simday, September 14. The meal is free to members and twenty-five cents to
others.
All those interested in doing ad-
WBAA Will Condud Publicity Broadcast At Student Book Exchange Today At 2:15 student book exchange, in the south ballroom of the Union, will be publicized today in a fifteen minute broadcast over WBAA at 2:15, when a traveling microphone will be brought in. Students and workers in the exchange will be interviewed at this time. According to Bill Hepburn, manager, the book exchange hds done close to $2,000 worth of business, and crowds and books are still pouring in.
program at Terre Haute; Prof. C. W. Beese, in charge here, and Dean A. A. Potter, head of the engineering schools of this University, who
is chairman of the national advisory dwelt upon ably by President committee for ESMDT. E- C- Elliott, David E. Ross, presiT ^ J. J. . ,y. dent of the board of trustees, and In an effort to meet the need'foK-,, . -iA. • , . , . 1 ■ • i . the guest speaker of the evening,
trained engineers, physicists, chem- ^ . , J J • if Watson,
ists and production supervisors, this
University will conduct 250 classes Victory By Elliott
p iwiZZii throughout the state, training near- Victory received her homage
ly 5,000 men and women for defense from Elliott and Agnes McCulloch, work. president of the Associated Women Rose Polytechnic Institute will Students. Miss McCulloch, repreconduct classes for defense work- renting 20.1 percent of the student eis in the Terre Haute, Vincennes, ^o^y exhorted that “we fight for Clinton, and Brazil area, and victory. Victory not over human courses in engineering drawing and brings, but over inertia which .keeps
Physics 9 306 .. Physics 10
..King
..Johnson
Knipp
Physics 13
A 306
® --....306 Knipp design'in IndranapolZ. NZre Dame us from accomplishing things.” Joe Physics 34 handle the area around South Starek, president of the Student A 306 Johnson University will Union, and Dick Dibos, president of ® 306 Johnson industrial centers the Student Senate, added words of
Biology Department Expands Into New Office And Building
There are, "however, several books which are much in demand vund which remain conspicuously absent from the book exchange shelves. These books are for: Calculus, Math 3. and 4, Physics 22, G.E. 11, Met. 163, and Math 1. An urgent call has been put out that any avail-
and varsity ^hle copies of these books Boland will bi ought in as soon as possible.
Books will be received until Saturday, September 13, aird the selling will close on Friday, September 19. The watchword now, for the student book exchange is “Hurry, hurry, hurry,” for those who wish to buy or sell. A reservation list is available for those who wish to buy books not immediately on hand. The exchange will start payingstudents the last of next fveek for
books sold, w.g.h.
Freshmen Engineering,
Science Students
You have been assigned to a faculty advisor and a senior counselor. You will receive a card soon from
NYA Employs Students On Part Time Projects Are you interested in working on be NYA? If so, you may be interested
questions that are
in the followinc \ ^ frequently asked: 1. What is NYA? Answer: A campus part-time work program for students. 2. Who is eligible for NYA work? Answer: Any student, undergraduate or graduate between the ages of 16-24 inclusive, .and who needs part-time work for th^roper continuation of his education. 3. What type work is->!done by NYA students ? Answer: Jobs that fit in with the student’s course of study. 4. How much can one earn on
NYA?
Answer: An average of $11.00 and a maximum of $20.00 a month
your faculty advisor inviting you for undegraduates and a maximum to a group meeting of all the fresh- of $30.00 a month for graduate stu-
meri assigned to your faculty ad- fients.
visor. 5. Where does one apply ? Your first days and weeks at 'Answer: Application blanks may the University will be most satis- be secured from Wayne Musser in
throughout the rest of the state, with district offices located in Indianapolis, Muncie, Fort Wayne, Gary, Evansville and Lafayette. YWCA Entertains Coeds In Union Tlris Afternoon At 4 o’clock this afternoon the YWCA will give its “Saddle Shoe Tea” in the east faculty lounge of ■the Union. This tea is being given so that coeds will be able to become acquainted with the club. New members may register with the club at this time. The officers and advisory board of,the club will form the receiving line; faculty wives and townswomen who are active in the organization will also be present. Refreshments will consist of cokes and
pretzels.
Counselors and counselees are particularly urged to attend this
greetings to the student body for
the various activities.
GONE WITH THE WIND
Taking the speaker’s stand following Thomas J. Watson’s address. President E. C. Elliott began nervously to ruffle the odds and ends of papers on the speaker’s table. After a short pause in which he hastily, frisked through the pockets of his suit, unabashed he said, “Someone has run away with my brains 1” The President recovered his brains from an inside pocket, and went on
with his toastmastering.
By Pat Stenberg
As far as Dean Enders and the some real work done.
Biology Department are concerned. Among the seven looms is a large this University need not shrink on lefeience room. In.stead of the account of any war. During'file past wooden book-cases which once con-
summer, the department’s office has tained books about bugs and flow- factory to you if you will take ad- the Personnel Office in the Execu grown from two small and cramped ers, theie are six double metal vantage of the assistance that these tive Building,
offices to seven spacious rooms. shelve cases. Some of these cases ‘"C" can give you. ^ More Light . are rather empty, but the prospects Note: Cary Hall residents will The first thing that one notices look very bright for- filled book- have theii advisors and sdnior counwhen walking into the reception cases in the neai future. The refer- selors assigned to them from the room is the improvement in light, ence loom is open to all students, staff of the Cary Halls, Before this time the place seemed- The Biology Depaitmenl* has also "
dark and gloomy. To achieve the taken over the old Physics buildingbright effect in a dean’s office, a few and renamed it Biology Annex. In
that building the expeiimental curriculum and animal studies such as zoology, physiology, and parasitology will be taught. General biology, bacteriology, and botany will still be taught in Stanley Coulter
Foundfition To Sponsor Annual Freshman Banquet
C 306 Johnson D 306 Johnson E 306... Johnson F 306 Johnson G 306 Schwinger Psychologists Elect Dr, O'Shea, Dr, Kelly Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea and Dr. E. L. Kelly of the education and applied psychology department have returned to the campus from the annual meeting of .the American Association of Applied Psych qlmy where Both were honored by election to impoitant offiegg. Dr. O’Shea was elected chaiftaan of the Boai-d of Affiliates for a three year term, as well as a member of the Board of Governors. Dr. Etelly was elected as a member of the executive committee of the Con-
sulting Section, m.a.f.
Courtney To Appear At Union Mixer Friday Commencing the policy of booking outstanding bands for weekeijld mixers, the student union announces the engagement of Del Courtney and his band to play for tomorrow night’s regular mixer. In spite of the emphasis on mel-
ody, the Courtney band provides the Presliman football practice will begin this afternoon on kind of easy s-wing that is always Stewart Field at 3 o’clock. Uniforms will be issued aPy time popular. It’s unique orchestral style ppipj- to the first ses$ion. The first formal meeting of aM
Rhinie candidates is called by Frosh Coach Elmer Burnham for 7:30 this evening in Room 107 of the Fieldhouse.
Dutch Fehring and Sammy Voln- -
off, membei-s of the varsity staff Elmer little time to prepare his last year, will assist Elmer this charges. It is also possible that the
“I Want You” ^ Mai Elward requested that the student? keep themselves mentally, physically and morally fit to answer the call of Uncle Sam when he says “I Want You” to aid in national defense. Mai also invited the student body to come out every Monday afternoon to the -varsity
tea. If any freshman’s counselor is practice field and meet thd-^Tayer^ unable to come, she is still invited watch them play and to learn more\ to attend, p.s. (Con*^inued on page 3) ^ Rhipie Grid Candidates Open Practice Drills This Afternoon On Stewart Field
was inspired by the late band leader, Orville Knapp. In his medleys Del Courtney combines the piano and organ to attain the same effect
as that of a harp.
Featured with the orchestra are
walls -w^ere torn down and some new
lights added.
There are how three offices: Dean Ender’s; Miss Nei-een’s, the secretary; and the department’s. They are all furnished very completely.
Personnel Service. EXPONENT STAFF
Staff to work Thursday, September 11: Jones, Night Editor; Hoskins, Issue Editor; Hadley, Junior-in-charge; DeBniyn, Sutz, Klosson, Burkhardt, Stettenbenze, Edward,
. w I u i. vocausts »nerman Jtiayes, doe ivig.r- Mai Elward believes Di^ch contest will be moved up to the Annual Ireshmen banqiret spon- Dildine, and Bob Moohan and Sammy can assist Elmer mdKe Saturday between the Pittsburgh vprl by the Purdue Christian ,i. ^ efficiently than could the graduate ^
sored bythe Purdue Christian PoundatiovT'^ll bo held tomorrow evening at 6:16 o’clock .in the church, _ corner Sixth ahd North streets. All freshmen are invited to
attend.
at the organ, m.a.f. SPORTS STAFF
There will be a meeting of the sports staff tonight at 7:30 in the Union offices. All regular workers
griddeis of former year’s. Frosh-Varsity Gqme Buinham has a great task in learning approximately 100 names
and Ohio State games. Gimlets Sponsor Tilt
A small sum is usually charg;ecl for admission to the game, which is sponsored by the Gimlet clab»
and getting- a squad into shape for campus athletic booster* honorary.
Dean Enders will he able to get Hall.
CThwin, '^Corp, Gi-eenstein, Kum- Helen Carey is the general chair-
lauder, Thomas, Wolf, Hoffman. man,
//
Mrs. Anna Clarke will speak; Jim and any sophomores interested in the annual Freshman-Varsity bat- The precedes will be used by the Good will serve as toastmaster, working on the sports staff are re- tie. This game wiU probably be University’s radio station, WBAA,
quested to attend. Bring your sched- staged in Ross-Ade Stadium one to broadcast ,all home and ayfay ule cards. week from Saturday, which gives football games. o.t,c.
mmJ*, A
PUBDUE EXPONENt
Thursclay, September 11; 1941
(f):
Qo^f^&in Torn J^ltpn
Go-Capfam Jim MillSr
-Y-
by Ph i I Johns 071
t#'
iJFiri^-Day^n^r^fice . ; thitiso 02 playeris W^ib'reported for the first varsity practice yesterday had a vepy busy day of :it. Starting with calisthenics and ending witti sferimma^e, tbe dodicliiriig staff ran the players through a very busy pair of practices. It will be the only day that two practices will bc-held. Pinky ^Newell, sophomore Center from Stafford, Kansas, made the fii'st tackle of the ne\v season when he hit Johnnj? Galvin with a beautiful tackle on the 30 yard line after Galvin had taken Burghai-dt’s opening kickoff. The scrimmage lasted for about an hour, although the lineups were changed quite frequently. • Potent First String That first eleven to spread for the first scrimmage kickoff makes a very impressive lineup. Jim Rush at left end, tackle Italo Rossi, then Co-Captain Jim Miller, Alex Leugo playing at center, Tommy Melton, Co-Captain, at the other guard post, veteran Pete Timperman and Bill Combs at end comprise one of the best balanced Boilermaker lines in several years. Petty, Galvin, Berto, and Kersey were the opening backfield quartet. And they Avasted little time getting the ball 70 yards down the field for the opening touchdown, with Petty gaining the final yard for the Score. • Several Others Look Good Bill Buffington, at full for the number two team, displayed the finest running of the afternoon, making plenty of yardage on every try. Gantz and Andretich made some very nice plays on the defense, also. As a whole, the first day’s sessions were very promising, although several of the players still have a long way to go before attaining playing condition. Blocking was good in spurts only. ^ , At any rate, it was probably one of the hardest practices that any Boilermakers have ever faced, mainly because a very toUgh Vanderbilt game is only slightly more than two weeks away. ■ • Have You Heapd? . There’s a rumor afloat to the effect that Pittsburgh, Duquesne, and'^' nearly 20 other Pennsylvania colleges are thinking seriously of Canceling their first few games due to the seriousness of the infantile paralysis epidemic in that state. The same rumor rumors it that Lehigh has alreardy done this. Where does that leave the Boilermakers on Saturday, October 4 ? ' • Here^s Your Chance, Frosh ! . Coach Elmer Burnham has called the first freshman football practice for this afternoon at 4:00 p. m..We hear that the yeaiding squad may be rather small this year. A. good chance for a lot of your first year iq«n to come out and win your numerals.
Puttering Shop Test Proves It's Easy To Find Expression In Art
Si^ma Alpha Mu
' . . . s'ocial fraternity, anndunces'" the pledging of theiollowing men: Tlowurd , Bronx, Ni Y.; Jack Cohen, Hollis, N. Y.; Ray Gohen, University City, Mo.; Marvin Friedman,' Brooklyn, N. Y.; Stanley H e r m a n, Tmlianapolis;; ’ Stanley Hirshfield,. University City> ■Moij Elliot Katz, Paterson, N. UjGerald Kaufman, Gary; Don Loren, Chicago, 111.; Harvey LcveUthal, St. Louis, Mo.; Robert Mendelsohn, Chicago, 111.; Herb Myerson, Bronx, N. Y.; Robert Romef, Indianapolis; Dave Sanclow, Chicago, 111., Unoff", ard Silverman, New York, N. Y.; and Jerry Weihbery, MadisOrt. , Wesley foUfrdatim . . . will hold a freshman party tomoirow evening at 7,:30 o’clock at the foundation house, 320 North street. Free refreshments Will be served and the event will be over in time for those attending^ to also
attend the mixer. : .
. . . Tommy Melton and Jini Miller. Experts agree that this pair will cause plenty of havoc among their opponents this season. Miller will be playing against a team coached by his former high school mentor when the Riveters tangle with Ohio State andundoubtedly has already begun plans for his activities on that day. Melton was named by Eddie Anderson, coach at Iowa, as the best guard or last season.
TODAY - FRI.- SAT. DdUBLE FEATURE
as the lessons progressed with, field trips about the campus and the community. In the Music Room exhibit -there are pictures of scenes which are familiar to all of us—the power plant, Heavilon Hall, the old engine house, scenes along the river across from Lincoln Lodge, and the Delta Chi fraternity house on Northwestern. The exhibit is arranged, with explanatory notes, to show the progress, from basic light and shadow washes to. finished landscapes with studied perspective, color and light values. The contrast in individual personalities is shown in different pictures of the same
scenes.
, Typical of the spirit in which the
complex forms. The first projects hibit and the enthusiasm of the parattempted were siniple square con- ticipants, similar classes will be tainers witlf good proportions and held weekly foi* teii weeks .cluriirg sturdy structure. Round dishes were the coming Stj^iester. molded, followed by the uSti of the \ '
potter’s wheel in the third lesson.
'With a knowledge of the possibil- kjtepneTS ^tepaSielieV
ities of their material, the students then made pifehers, vases, ash trays, or anything else that struck their individual'fancies. '
Since both these couyscs were so successful, as is shown by the ex-
. . . instructor in the English dejpartment for three years, was in'ducted into the army by.the selective service in the first part of August. He is now at Camp Wheeler,
Georgia.
Wesley Players ... a dramatic organization, will hold an. open meeting tonight for those who- are interested . at the . Foundation House, 116 ..Sheetz' S|. at 7:30. Bill Petei’son will read “Family Portrait” and plans for the year will be discussed. Next Thursday tryouts, open to all students, will be held for “The Enemy.” ■.
By Jove ^ ^
The Puttering Shops have always
On this campus where experi- welcomed the individual putterer,
ment is held at a high value, an but Bob Parks, the director, felt course was given is Mr. Parks’ note interesting one rvas carried out this that people in a group would be able on the final lesson. “Purpose: To summer in the Putterin.g Shops in to express themselves more freely concludetheseyenthlessoninwhatthe sub-basement of the Union. Two -when they saw others like them- can really be only ah introduction groups of people, including stu- selves doing the same thing. At the to the painter’s fundamental experidents, faculty and their wives, met first meeting of the class in wafer ^ence; to stimulate, an experimental
colors, simple color charts were attitude, and to implant the selfmade to .give the students an idea confidence necessary if he is to conpf the values and textures to be tinue to paint as a hobby, on his
obtained from different washes, own hook.” . .
strokes, and color. These ideas were The pottery exhibit shows a parapplied to more complex problems alTel development from simple to
SAVE ON STUDENT SUPPLIES
seven times during, the summer to try to turn some of their sense of beauty in ^ iqaterial creations—in water colors or pottery. The results of their efforts are now on exhibit
in the Music Room.
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.( J
-f ‘ (A \ I
r iihr
!fe^^eptem1jerT{.“Ml'
4-C' Ji I fI' '
-< li
■'4 r
iiihiiiiiiitniiiif&iAiiirkiifttiMi^^^^^^
. 4 ■* ■Iter
Oi^j^oirtunity*^ (Continued fiom page 1) about theli tdUnl and how it functions EmpHasiZfpg the peed fof the youth of today to go out and giasp the OppOitUnity which best suits them, Watson said that “we must protect ourselyoB through fine craftsmanship and leadeiship ” 'The ^7-yeai old mdustiial oiganizoi piqpressed the opinion that wo in America today have the finest polit leal leadership in the wOild.
President Elliott closed the convoeation by quoting fiopi his letter of intioduction to the PUidue of the futuie “touring the coming yeai the Purdue campus is going to be> as novel before, I hope, a place maj}ced by single-minded, seiious effort to prove that oui Ameiican fieedom IS both produceif and piotected by youth such as you, possessing the oppoitunitics and the spiiit of Puiduc ” “V/c shall bo a united Puiduc loi a united demociaey, founded in the land bf a free America ”
More Job$ Available To Students This Year
Aecoidlng to Glen Huron, manager of the Lafayette Employiho^t Seeuiity Division office, Univeisity students who plan to woik parttime hive a better chartce to obtain lobs this yeai than in pievious ycais This incicase in available jobs IS due to the defense industiies’ employment of many wage earjjoiJS
in the Lafayette area, leaving open nuWeioUs opportunities to sttidepts. “University officials and the Emptoyment Security ofhde realize the dangei of students carrying heavy woik loads to the detriment of their school woik,” My Euijon, said Any student^who wishes to apply foi a part time job must first consult With the Dean of Men or Women to deteimine the number of hours a student may Work Without harm to his or her studies. The student then applies at the Lafayette Employment Security Office, Sid North Fourth Sttee^ dwo.
YUM* ^ 1. ^ 1 I .
B^udiir
Tharsdar, Seat, 11 Ik... , .. . . .
f
Hi
FnATERNWY SOFtBALL
Tharsdan Sej/t, 11
B«a SlBttitt Pfti V4 Phi Kappd SfBma
Bttei Theta Pi vs Phi Kaypa Tau, Delta Chi vs Phi Sigma Kappa
Delta Tnu Delte vs- Pi Kappa Alpha
Delta Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Phi Acaoia vs Sigirik Alpha Mu
Alpha dhl Rho vs Sigma Alpha Epsi-
lon
Alpha Itappa Eambda V” Sigma Phi JCappa Delta Bho vs Siyma Nu Khppa Sigma Vs Sibma Pt Lhmbda Chi Ahl>ha Vs Tau Epsilon
Phi
Phi Delta Theta Vd Tau Kappa Epsi
Ion
Phi (Gamma Delta vs Theta Chi Phi Kappa vs Theta Tau Phi Kappa Psi vs Theta Xi e Alpha Tau Omega vs Triangle Alpha Gamma Rho vs Sigma Phi Epsilon, JAlpha Sifcma Pni
SAVE DOLLARS and STEPS HERE!! USED and NEW BOOKS and' SUPPLIES for All Courses • Engineering # Science m Home Economics • Agriculture e Pharmacy • Physical Education UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE (Across From Union) M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
Th^ Arranc Shift With the Dual Personality
Deac Says: •if I have sold Parker Pens lor 33 years, and have found them satisfactory. H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE
?Arrow Doubler—a* btittohed-ttjt ‘ shirt one minute and an ^n-necked sport shiirt the next. j'ln^i.Wick is in the ing^ulous con- / verlfflb collar (hat is Worn equally
we^^^h or without q tie. Doubler comes in all sizes, ftiUde of oJeford, voile, or twill flannel in white and solid colors. Double your Wardrobe with Doubler today I
‘Can’t sell you aiiy gas aftor culfeW.'Blit't cSli let you have a couple g^lons 6f s6me good stuffJtonade myself.” ^
A Comjplete Line of ARROW SHRITS
f 5
Inc.
WEST LAFAYETTE
i e^am, "Dont Potjot Your PstWf
—More Room for Ink because NO rubber sac, hence a Ren that won’t run dry in leqtures, tests, exams!
^ GUARANTEED by LIFE CONTRACT Toting books around won t get a student anywhere if his pen runs dry 111 the classroom So look before you leap to some problem pen It will only frustrate your I Q. on
Test-day
In college after college, eoast to coast, the Parker Vacumatic is voted No 1 by students because of these modern features 1 Supep-eharg0d--wIth Ink
to carry over
2 One Hand Sacless Filler —easiest to operate 3 Television Barrel—shows when to refill 4 Lubricated Writing — Non brittle, 14 K Gold Point tipped with oil smooth Osml FREE Introductory bbtfib df Parker Quinfc-lhe quick-dry ihki^Write Parker Quint, DeparlmenI 1-41, Janesville. Wisconsin
6 Egclusive Stylo—streami i ned. Pearl
] and Jet RINGS
Go and try it today at any nearby pen counter But use discretion by looking for Parker s Blue Dia mond pn the smart ARROW clip That’s our Life Guarantee Contract Junior or Sub-deb, $5, Debutante or Major, $8 75 Maxima,$10,Duofold,$2 95 and$3 95 Pen and Pencil Sets, $3 95, $5 00, $8 75 and up. The Parker Pen Co Janesville Wis
Get Your Parker Pen at UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
At loss liom the Union Building
M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29
R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40- ■
U
ir
Playshop Tryouts
Persons interested in trying out for t|ie Playshop may do so ^oday through the end of the week. Ap-
Entered ns second class matter at the post iv.oir hn morlo Ktr /.An oftlee in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act pointments may be made .by conof Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the tactilig the secretary at Eliza, PowBPecial rate of postage provided for in sec- ” i i .. / /. tion 1108, act of October 8, 1917, Butiiorized ler Hall not later than 4 p. m. to-
jgnuary 20, 1922. Published daily except
hfonday during the regular academic year iimri'J'v*
ahd weekly during the Summer Session. , Dglivercd locally by carrier for, $3.50 per
ydar, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Editor-in-chief..... ;.;.Ncd A. Ochiltree Nfews Editor. , John L. Traugott Bjisiness Manager..... .Don S. Powers
Publication Staff
h^naging Editor. ......Leland W. Rulfncr Afesociate Editors; J. F. Amos, J. H. Arm'Strong, D. T. Brophy, E. L. Hadley, F. I, fjones, E. G. Kieper.
Business Staff
Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, *B. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Maiiaghr: W. D. Mil-,
lard.
Notices
Armory at ,4 p\ m. Friday, Sept,. 12. ‘ , / ■ ■ ' ■■ ■ "iv-ORAF .Basic Military Students: Meeting of all students interested in tryouts for membership in Purdue Order of ZoUaves, rifle drill team, at 4 p. m. Wednesday, Sept. 17, in the armory. . ^GRAF. -AH Military Students: There will be a Corps Day formation in uniform at 11
a', m. Thursday, Sept. 11.
—BURKHART
All Military . Students: There will be a Corps Day formation in uniform at 11 a. m. Tuesday, Sept. 16. —BURKHART
Coed Staff
Ruth Rose Editors: Mary K. Boynton,
Editor Associate
:^lice Chatfield. Sporfi Staff Editor Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors.: O. T. Clark,' J. D, Fraser, J. S. Keeler*
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Represented for national advertisinR by Mational Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y, Staff For This Issue
PEW: Bowling clasos meet at Women’s Gymnasium Thursday and Friday. Sept. 1112. —HAZELTON Horseback riding classes: Meet Friday, Sept. 12, at 4:00 p. m. at Women’s Gymnasium. —HAZELTON PEW 55 : Meet Thursday, Sept, if, at 4:00 Pi m. for assignment. —^HAZELTON Newman Club: Radio dance; Thursday, Sept. 11, from 7:30 until 10:00 p. m;, in the north faculty lounge of the Union. All Catholic students invited. It’s free.
—RUNNION
Newman Club Workers: Meeting of all interested in working with the club in room 302 of the Union Friday, Sept. 12, at 4 :00 p. m. —BROCK Newman Club: Breakfast after 9:30 Mass Sunday, Sept. 14, in St. Mary’s auditorium. Joe Boland and Mai Elward guest speakers. Free to members, 26c to all others.
—BROCK
Military Seniors: There will be a meeting of all Battery Athletid Oificers in Room 205 of the armory Tuesday, Sept. 16, at 4 p. m. —BURKHART Advanced Military: The following members of the Corps Day guard for ’Thursday; Sept. 11, report to Lt. Brown in the armory supply room at 10:56 a. m.: Schnaible, J. M.; Lancet, W. K.; Forbes, D. R.; .Toorfcetz, R. C.; Snyder, P. S.; Horstman, H. P. —BURKHART
Women Students:
women’s pool will
be open at 4 p. m. Thursday, Sent. 11.
—GOURLEY
Engineer Staff: All staff members and workers report to the office at 4 p. m. Saturday, Sept. 13, for a special meeting.
—HAWKINS
Purdue Agriculturist Staff: All workers please stop at office either Thursday, Sept. 11 or 12 after 4 p. m. —ARVIDSON Old and,New Band Members: Military band rehearsal at 4 p. m. Thursday, Sept. 11, at the jiusic. Hall. L’T. WYMAN. Graduate Students and Instructors in Physics and Mathematics: A conference to
arrange hours and rooms will be held Friday, Sept.'ll2, in room 215 of the Physios' Building. V —ABBOT!' Mciallurgical ^Engineers—AIME: Smoker in the East Faculty Lounge of the 'Unidn at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, Sept. ll. All mets are invited. —STARKEY Chemistry 111, 112 add 126: Leave Schedule of classes in my-mail bpx in the Chemistry Department office. (9-10) —ELVING Advanced Course Applicants: The following students are eligible to take the Advanced Course at their own expense. If interested, contact Major Messersmith at tho Armory at once i ' E. N. Seiler, W. G, Rice, J. T. Shively, W. L. Lclfheit, M. H. Poster, J. Pfenninger, J. S. Pritchard, C. A. Davis, Wi B. Rosenbaum, H. K. Herr, R. E. Malicoat, W. N. Coughlin, R. E. . Myers, H. Sorem, D. E. LeMaster, J. R. Irwin, H. F. Bramley, J. H. Stiggleman, H. D. Fulmer, W. L. Ullom, H. H. Humma, A. R. Pastrick, R. N. Caputo, D. M. Liggett, W. F. Wagner, J. P. Reeves, D. A. McCnslin, W. E. Taylor, R. A. Bibbins, A. L. Culbertson, R. J. Starr, W. P. Mitchell, D. Wright, A. H. Ludwig, R. C. Gantz, W. P. Rothgeb. . —MAJOR MESSERSMITH Frosh Campers: Call for lost articles at 227 S. Grant street:
—GRAVES.
: Independent Staif: DelUyed :06g dp hoyt. Come'ih and check stories. If tione'are asislgned to yoii, sign your name at bottom of Dog and you will be called. Leave address and telephone number. , —SMULEVITZ. Glider Club: Important closed business meeting Thursday, September H, in room 308 of the Union. All old members be there.
_ , -rCAFFEE. ,
Union Building Permanent Assignments:
"^Organizations wishing permnpent rooms in banguet will be held Eriday, September 12;-. the; Methorial Union bhilding will' submit at the First Christian Church, 6th apa', written petitions to the; Student Union. , North Sts. The time will be 6 :16 p. Wl, Free: Board before Friday, September 16; Please ’ to freshman students.,'Upper classmen iriSy state size of organization and reasons for purchase tickets from Helen Carey, Napljy,; requesting a permanent room. —STAREK. Dawson, Phy'Thomas, J6y Wampler, Gebrgbj,
- King, ^Paul Carrington, or Bob Riggs for'
■“ RIGGS
tlndcrgraduato :panies:' Old niembors meet Thursday evening, September, 11, at 8 o’clock with Mrs. Dale UTi'ieh, 471% N. Grant Street. ' , ^ —ULRICH ,
26 Cents.
■J
Model .Railniadcrs: Meeting of Model Railroad Club Saturday, Sratettiber 18, tpt 1 p. m. at layout, fourth floor ME Buijd-'
Purdue Christian Fbuhdatiohi Freshman wg. A,1I interested are invited to attend.
-DARK
Southworth’s
I./ Zouaves: All Zouaves “desiring to remain N,ghtE_ditor: K.epcr D_ay Editor : Boynton semester meet in 103 of the
Issue: Ochiltree
Niffht Sports; Keeler
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BY ENROLLING IN OUR ADULT CLASSES BEGINNER'S OPENS WED., SEPT. 17th ADVANCED OPENS THURS., SEPT. 18th 7:30 P. M. ENROLL NOW INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL
PHONE 2150 P. M. ALLEN, insruetpr
ALLEN’S
Phone 2150
6tk'’& Fepf^
staff: W. G. Hoskins, B. W. Squior, B. G. Smith, P. Stenberg, L. Slone, and M. Flanagan.
Classified Ads
Wanted: Experienced soda clerks. Students—thirty cents per hour. Apply to G. O. Arbuckle, Cary Hall. Wanted: Student to exchange work (furnace, etc.) for comfortable room in West Laff yette home. Phone 7293. Wanted: Boys to wait banquets and bus dishes. Apply Purdue Union Cafeteria. Lost: Brown billfold in Union Bldg, containing $6 and draft papers. Papers very important. Reward. i Student to drive car dMIy; desirable room near campus plus $10 per month; must be able to lift 150 lbs. Phone 6339. One single room, one double room near campus. Phone 31794 after 6 p. m. For'Rent: Good single room, reasonable rr.tcs for good student, preferably upperclass Chem. Ph. 65021.
This is a P. £. 12 Student i-
Now Let Me ThinkHave I Got Everything? THUNKS —PLAIN'Tf SHIRTS— r SOX —KLAKS —ETC.
Subscribe To Your Campus Daily
"Yes. I Bought All My Equipment at SOUTH WORTH'S." P. S. I Saved Enough For That Fancy Date. Um-m-m-ml
M mm 8 mm sw
308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Southworth’s
HAYWOOD’S
ESTABLISHED 1826
Corner of 5fh and Ferry Sts., next- to Monon Station, Lafayette ; . ■ . - ■ ■ 1. ' ■ ' / Your Savings Here on Your Drawing Set and Supplies Is Several Dollars -if DRAWING INSTRUMENTS AND DRAWING SUPPLIES K and E" Log-Log, Trig, Dedtrig, Duplex, Vedor and Polyphase Slide Rules, Loose-Leaf Books, Student Desks ^ FREE A Fine Leatlier Corner Desk Pad and Blotter With Your Drawing Set Purchase ' APPROVED DRAW8NG INSTRUMENTS; '
SHtE
To SORORITIES if FRATERNITIES Mm..:. and ■ CLUBS i ;
■*' fi'" DESKS, ■ ILING CABINETS, SAVES, I CHAIRS, TABLES, tDilet paper, . PAPER NAPKINS, , ^ TOWELS, r !r DIXIE CUPS, t • ]|.IQUID SOAPS AND - DISPENSERS, RECORD BOOKS, * MIMEOGRAPHS, ENGRAVING, FORM PAPERS, LAB COVERS
z I p p E R B R I E F
CASES
Dietzgen "Federal" 1047C Dietzgen "Champion" 1037C Dietzgen "Professional" 968AK Dietzgen "Commander" 576-C Dietzgen "Master Craftsman"
552-E ^
Keuffel & Esser "Anvil" N996C Keuffel & Esser "Arrow" El086 Keuffel & Esser "Pharos" 686
Keuffel & Esser "Minusa" 796 Post "Primo" 630 Post "University" 1035A U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue" 1006 U. S. Blue "Norris" 828AM
HAYWOOD’S ’
GUARANTEE
"Our prices are the sati|e to every Purdue Student and we do not make substitution of inferior or unap-
proved articles.”
Boards, T-Squares, Scales, Locks, Triangles, Curves All Our Drawing Instruments and Supplies Are on the University's APPROVED LIST.
■ Buy Drawing Instruments and Supplies from Responsible and Established Dealers Ordy. NOTICE: this Store Is Open from 8 A. M. to 5 P. M. and Thru Assignment Period Until 9 P. M.
BOOKS
$5.00 ON YOUR DRAWING SUPPLIES AND SETS
J
ihiUMM