'■''•if.'#)'"
fl\k t
^ -‘1 , -, ■ ' ''», ,
I^OME EC SCHOOL Will Offer Housing Curriculum
Established 1889
V Good«>bve Hoflkins
EDIT comments
Ori Strenuous Times
For Exponent
Volume 55, No. 90
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, February 18, 1948
PI A To Sponsor Mid-Term Dance February 26
A, T, Hull Will Lecture Exponent Second Ration Book About Asia At Convo Chanaes Appears Next Week Wl I ^ Cl ^ I %A/«II C* Ai I ■ ■■
RKO Newsreel Cameraman Will Show Movies On War In Far East Wednesday A. T. Hull, Jr., RKO Newsreel cameraman, will show motion pictures during two lectures which he will give as University convocations Wednesday, Feb. 24, on “Free China” and “Asia
Now” at 4 and 7:30 p. m., respectively.
Hull was awarded newsreel honors for his filming of the bombing and burning of Canton and the subsequent Chinese
evacuation and Japanese occupation. H^ has motion pictures which are documentary films covering every phase of the
war’s development in the Far J npifr TnilFHIllIlPIlf East and showing life not only I Wyi liHiii'Cim
in the present war zones but also in countries not included in Japa-
nese expansion schemes. Take.s Several World Cruises
, Hull has been associated with the
Orient for the greater part of his „ mi . , ■ „ life, having taken several world The tean^s playmg off the elim-
Editors
Semi-Finals Of FAO
Will Start Today Today will start the semi-finals of the chess tournament being sponsored by the IFraternity Affairs Of-
ination are Pi Kappa Phi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi and Phi Kappa Tau vs. Alpha Chi Rho. The winners of these matches will play for the trophy, and the losers will play a consolation match for third and
cruises dui-ing his college days, and then at the outbreak of the Japanese operations in China on a lai-ge scale, he left for the Orient. During his time there, he has sur-
vived numerous air raids and has fourth place
accompanied the Chinese and Japa-x
nese armies on their various cam-
paigns.
Witnesses Jap Occupation
In the spring of 1941, he was in French-Indo China to witness the Japanese occupation of bases ceded by Vichy France. He also visited Thailand to record with his cameras how teri’itories -■ won from Indo China in the short conflict mediated by Japan furnish additional centers of importance to the Japanese navy.
From there he proceeded throtigh entering the semi-finals,
the straights settlements to Singa-
pore.
Passport Admits Admission to each lecture will be by I passport or by season ticket. Single admissions will be 55 cents to townspeople. Service men in uniform will be admitted free of charge.
Three-Man Teams
Each fraternity has chosen three men for its chess team, two out of three games constituting a win. The games ai-e played in one of the contestant’s house, the choice being made by the men themselves. Last year’s gold trophy was won by the team from Alpha Chi Rho, comprised of Tim Tilton, Vern Rising and Gerald Vriens. The same three men are on this year’s team
Meredith Club Holds Election
I Government Otters Wat Assistaniships In Numerous Fields College graduates, especially women, are wanted for war-time jobs with the government. Through the new Junior Professional Assistant exaynination announced today by the Civil Service Commission, graduates from recognized colleges with major study in any field, particularly tho.se with training in public administration, business administration, economics, economic geography, library science, history, public welfare, statistics, mathematics, and agriculture are desired. No time limit is set for the receipt of applications, and examinations will be held when a sufficient number have been filed. Since seniors who pass the test may receive provisional appointments before they graduate, students are urged to reply early in order to bo considered for any vacancies that occur. Students or graduates with majors in English, modern languages, music or education arc in limited demand, but will be considered for clerical positions paying $1,620 and $1,800 a year, plus oveitimc. No written test is required for positions in chemistry, engineering, geology, metallurgy, meteorology, physics, and soil conservation. Persons with training in these fields should apply under the announcements for junior grade positions. There are no age limits and appointments will be for the duration, and no longei than six months beyond'the end of the war. Announcements and application forms may be obtained at first and s(?cohd-class post offices, at regional offices in regional headquarters cities, and from the Coigmission’s Washington office. It is important that a list of all college courses completed, or to be completed, bo filo<l ryith the application form. Applications' should be mailed to the U. S. Civil Service Commission, Washington; D. C.
Vii’ginia C. Meredith Home Economics Club will hold elections Friday from 9 a. m. till 4:30 p. m. in the main hall of the Home Economics Building. Names of the voters will be checked aj’ainst the membership list of the club. Nominees for the offices are Martha McCulloch, Betty Doster, president; Marilyn Turner, Martha Schenck, secretary; Jean Huston, Mary Quite, treasurer; Grace Wallace, Libby Baughman, eighth term representative; Betty Young, Maiy Grace Minkler, seventh term representative; Doris Sleeter, Ruth Ralston, sixth term representative; Madge Huff, Martha Riggs, fifth term representative; Kay Drainer, Geneva Larimer, fourth term representative, and Bobby Riggs, Selma Markman, third term representa-
tive.
4-H Club To Sponsor Party February 27 Former f-H Club members are invited to a party sponsored by the 4-H committee of the University. The party will be hold in the Women’s Gymnasium after the lowaPuidue basketball game Saturday, February 27. The committee is selling tickets for 15c per person or 25c a couple, and will also be available at the door. Dancing, games and refreshments will be the main attractions of the party.
Lasf Chance For Debris Pictures Graduatc.s of December and August, who have not had their senior pictures taken for the Debris, will have their last chance to do so tomorrow. Those who failed to make an appointnicnt and those who failed to show up for their appointmenfs can have their pictures taken any time between 8:30 and 5:00 p. ni. today and tomorrow. Those nho have appointments for sometime on these days are asked to keep fheir appointmenti^i I’iclures are taken in room 60 in the sub-basement of the Union. 'I'liis is positively the last opportunity to have your picture taken.
Hoskins Goes; Butz Will Fill Vacancy Exponent Editor William Hoskins; who was called to active duty by the Army Air Corps, will be succeeded in office by Dale E. Butz, seventh semester agricultural student and member of the Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity. Butz has held the office of managing editor during the first portion of the current .seme.ster. Jean Lauer, Kappa Alpha Theta and seventh semester home economics student,'will become the new coed editor. Sally Beall, who has been coed editor, will take Butz’ position as managing editor. There will be no changes in the office of news editor which is held by Robert Boswinkle. Since Butz will leave in May for active duty in the Army, it was decided by the Exponent boai’d that Boswinkle become editor at the end of this semester. Army Air Corps Calls Over 100 Reservists From University Rolls Tuesday over 100 University students received their orders to report for active training to the Army Air Force within the next few days. Approximately 150 students have left already, including the 30 or 40 who received notices before the big call hit the campus Tuesday. An accurate list is unavailable at this time. A complete list of University students who have been called for training is not available here since the orders were issued from the Fifth Seivice Command, Columbus, Ohio. The majority of men called were ordere to repoit to Fort Hayes, Columbus, Ohio; Fort Benjamin Harrison, Indianapolis; or Fort Thomas, Kentucky, for assignment to army air fields for active train-
ing.
Issuing Will Commence Monday In Union; Students Must Present First War Book Tentative information with regard to the issuance of War Ration Book No. 2 to the student body was released today by Norman Augsburger, president of the Student War Council. The new book will be issued through workers in the Union under the sponsorship of the War Council. It is emphasized that War Ration Book No. 1 must be presented in order to receive
the second book, which is to be used for food, and perhaps other rationable commodities in the future. The student will
then retain both books. According to present tem-
porary plans, the books will be issued beginning Monday, February 22, and continuing through the 27th. Workers will probably be located in the south ballroom of the Union, and also in Cary Hall. However, it is expected that the Carj^ Hall office will be for hall r-esidents only. The issuing time at the Union has not been definitely set, but is expected to be from 4 to 5:30 in the
afternoon.
In order to simplify the process (See RATION BOOKS, page 4)
Faculty Notice To Members of the Faculty: 'I'he regular monthly meeting of the I’aculty will be held on Monday, February 22, at 4 p. m., in the Hall of Music. ’ Edward C. Elliott.
Canadian Engineers Subject To Draft After Graduation All students in Canada taking Engineering or science courses are organized under a central personnel department which directs their activity according to the needs of Canadian industry and its armed forces, according- to L. Austin Wright, former associate director of Selective Service in Canada, who visited the campus last Tuesday to inspect facilities for war training
on the campus.
Wright is the general secretary of the Engineering Institute of Canada, and has just received a Doctor of Engineering degree from Rose Polytechnic University. Use Allocation System According to Dr. Wright, each engineering student in Canada signs papers on entering a university, giving the Engineering College Personnel Department authority to place the student where the needs of the country demand. The allocation system in Canada is under the Engineering college (See CANADIAN, page 4) AWS To Hold Date Bureau For Cadettes Associated Women Students is sponsoring a date bureau this weekend for the girls enrolled in the Curtiss-Wright engineering course. Eds are asked to sign for dates either tomorrow or Friday for dates on Saturday night, Sunday afternoon or Sunday evening. Tables for date registration will be placed in Cary Halls and in front of the Sweet Shop. Cadettes will register at a desk that will be placed in Wood Hall, Women’s Residence
Halls.
It is important that both CurtissWiight girls and eds sign by Friday, since names will be mixed and matched that evening, and the men will be notified, of their dates’
Army To Transfer Juniors, Pre-Meds, To Reserve Corps According to an announcement received yesterday from the Head-
gineering course be ordered in for induction by the Selective ^e he will be inducted and transferred to the Enlisted Reserve Corps in an
inactive status.
May Return To School
He will then be permitted to return to the institution to await call
Annual Affair To Feature 'Champagne Music' Style Of Lawrence Welk's Band Lawrence Welk will start the PlA social year 6n Friday, February 26, in the Union ballrooms. It will be one of the two
PIA dances to be held this semester.
The music will begin at 8:30 p. m. and terminate at 11:30 p. m., regular coed hours being observed. The facilities of both ballrooms will be utilized for the dance, which will be an allschool affair. PIA members
will be admitted free; tickets will be on sale for non-mem-bers soon. The price has not
yet been announced.
Welk has been playing for the most part at the Trianon and Aragon ballrooms in Chicago featuring his “Champagne Music.” His vocal roles will be fulfilled by Jayne Walton, the “Little Champagne
quarters of the Fifth Service Com- Lady,” and Bill Kaylor. mand, instructions have been issued ^ to all Armed Forces Induction Sta- strasburg. North Dakota, with tions, that should a medical or pre- two brothers and one sister. He medical student or a junior student accordion by
observing his father, a German refugee, as he played for relaxation
Service, evenings.
One of Welk’s greatest problems in his early days was to keep tiis fingers nimble. Hard work in tSe field and callouses had tended to
A turn to the institution to await call ^
r OVSICS USOiniUBfll to active duty at such times as has ^o spend many e^ra hblifs
already been prescribed for the En- Py^^ticing on the accordion to keep
Will Show Equipment To School Principals When they attended a program of meetings at the Union on February 19, 20, and 21, Indiana high school principals and superintendents will be shown how they can equip an effective physics laboratory using apparatus made from common household articles and parts found in cellar and attic. All branches of physics are covered by the displays, from how to experiment with the laws of mechanics in a bowling alley to building a telescope from a shaving mirror. Several score pieces of specially designed demonstration and lab-oratoi-y apparatus constructed from odds and ends will be on view and
in actual operation.
The equipment is such that any piece can be constructed by the students themselves in the school shop from available materials, thus circumventing the difficulties of small
budgets and priorities.
The equipment was designed and constructed by Dr. Ira M. Freeman of the physics staff at the University, with the assistance of Drs. Emery P. Miller and Cleota Fry of the same department. Members of the faculty and staff are invited to see the exhibits, which will be open from 9 to 11 p. m. on Friday and from 3 to 6 p. m. on Saturday in
Room 230 of the Union.
listed Reserves. This transfer to the Enlisted Reserves will be accomplished, provided that at the
his hands in shape.
His first orchestra consisted of drummer and himself at the ae-
time of induction he presents to the cordion. Later it was increased bj^ commanding officer of the Armed ^ saxophone and a piano. Thd band
Forces Induction Station a letter signed by either the head of the in-
which he will bring to the caibpns consists of fifteen pieces, inelndin^;
stitution or the Armed Forces rep- Lawrence Welk and his accordion,
resentative, setting forth that he is in one of the specified categories en-
titled to such a transfer.
This new order gives medical, pre-medical and junior engineerdng students who are pursuing an approved technical training course an opportunity to get in the Enlisted Reserves after being inducted in the
draft.
They Feed The Navy , . .
Sea Cooks Learn Duties
By Ed Stephenson Electricians and Diesel Engineers are not the only naval lepresentatives that are training here at the University for sea-going service. Under the direction of Commissaiy Chief C. W. Squires, 26 men are now taking a 16 weeks com sc that leads to a rating as either cook or baker, tliird class. One class of eleven has already g'raduatod, four receiving cook’s ratings. The men, who do much of thq actual cooking for the Naval Training school, are under the direction of University dietitians, and the iiovice cooks occasionally meet with a little difficulty in the culinary arts. Chief Squires told of one cook who misinlcrproted a recipe for soup which he was preparing for lunch. The sailing chef was stumped for a moment when he failed to find the teaspoonful of black pepper that the directions specified. He went to the storeroom, however, and brought back two tablespoons of red pepper to rectify the seasoning. The ensuing soup made a fine light
chili, according to those who sampled it. Learn I’roper Calorics, Vitamins Other parts of the course include many hours spent in classrooms learning how to apportion food for .shipboard cooking, studying the inti icacics of a sea-going galley and learning the proper calories and vitamins to feed sea-going si^ilors. According to Chief Squires, the most dilficult part of the course for the cooks and bakers is the problem of calculating the proper poundage of law food that must go into a iccipc for two or three hundred men. A slight slip of the decimal point hero can mean short rations for an entire ship load of men, or extra meat for Thursday’s hash. Not only the sailors are learning in the school. Regular dietitians and cooks who are veterans of years of service for students in Cary Halls are finding that cooking for the Navy is a different proposition from whipping up meals for the eds that used t^ fill the buildings.
Members of the bakers division of the school are the night owls of the Navy. Since the facilities at the Halls do not include a separate bake shop, the pastries are prepared in the regular ovens after all the other cooking is done for the day. Baking usually starts at 11 p. m., and the ovens must be ready for the first preparation of the morning’s meals long before the average ed or coed has seen the light of day. Most of the men selected for training as cooks or bakers have had some experience in professional kitchens while they were m civilian life, and the main problem of the instruction is to teach them to cook the Navy’s food in the Navy way. Often the sea-going kitchens and pantries are far more complete than the hotel or restaurant equipment over which the new sailors once
reigned.
More rated cooks and bakers may be assigned to the school in the future to assist Chief Squires in his land-locked galley.
Aeromodelers Elect Officers At the last meeting of the Aeromodelers Club, the following officers were elected: Durand Weiler, president; Rudy Dettwyler, vice-presi-dent; McGowan, secretary-treasur-er, The former officers were Leonard Rose, president; Smith, vicepresident; Brown, secretary-treas-
urer.
Plan Model Contest Plans for the next meeting are to include a program of state and national model contests. These will be of interest to members who have not participated in large meets. The club itself sponsored two contests last semester. A new contest committee will be elected and then the club will arrange to hold several model contests as soon as the weather clears. AVatch Exponent All new.freshmen and intra-ses-sion students are invited to attend the next meeting, which will be held in the workshop in the basement of the Union. The Aeromodelers are concerned chiefly with the eonstructiqn and study of the flight conditions of model airplanes. Those interested should watch the Exponent for the exact time and place of the next meeting.
Notice All 5th and 6th term Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering junior.s are requested to bring up to date in duplicate their personal records now on file in the Personnel Office in the Executive Building. This may be done at the Personnel Office between 1 and 4:30 p. m. from now until Saturday, February 20. In view of the war situation and the uncertainties which may -exist after the war, it is important that every Junior ME and AeE bring his record up to date. N. A. Bolz, Personnel Representative School of Mechanical and Aer. Engr.
Mixer Will Honor Departing Air Corps Reserves Saturday Saturday’s mixer will honor the ever increasing number of Air Corps Reservists who are leaving and have left for active service. The backdrop will be 'symbolic of the Air Corps, displaying the wing and
propeller emblem.
A plan for more material tribute to these, and all men in the service, will be carried out. Ten cent war stamps will be sold at the dance, but on a somewhat different basis than before. Upon payment of a dime, the purchaser receives a ticket
bearing a number.
The stub of that ticket with t^ same number will be retained ai^d mixed with all stubs from the tielfcr ets bought that night. Then a drawing will be held, amj the person holding the corresponding stub will receive all of the stamps purchased. Maury Mahn’s band will furnish the music and the usual price of $1.10 and hours of 8:30 until 11:S0
will prevail.
Dunn To Speak Tonight At 8 Dr. E. J. Dunn of the Research Laboratory of the National Lead Company will give the first in a aeries of lectures on Applied Physics tonight at 8 in room lOA of the Physics Building. Painting Industry Application Dunn will speak on the application of modern physical methods itt tha painting industry. In his illustrated lecture he will refer to such problems as X-ray techniques, spectroscopy, colloids, the physics of 3U;pfaces and orientation .of molecules
on surfaces.
The lecture will be open to the public and will be of guch a nature that layr.-in can easily follow. U should be of particular' interest to engineering and science students. J. G. Harden . . . EE, class of ’27, who number of year’s has been withut^ Indiana Bell Telephone Con)|4|mP» has been transferred to the Laboratories, New York CitV» the duration. ''' (’ '
C^v I :
2
Purdu& Exponent Thursday, FebruaryJ8, IMS
Purdue Exponent
I offices: Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports,' Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377 llonorttry Editor Wiliiam G. Hoskins With the C'Olors
Editor Business Rlanaaer New* Editor Manselnc Editor Swior Advcrlisinf: Manager.. Sports Editor tk)ed Editor Coed Business Executive. ..
Dole E. Butr ..Gerhard H. Klouman ..Kohcrt W. Boswinkle gaHy Beall ..James G. Petty Joseph S. Daw.son Jean Eauer ., A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: T. J. VeKh, J. T. Richardson, T. I,. Tilton, .W. H. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, M. L. Smith, C. C. Martindell, E. Murphy. Coed Staff : Phylli.s Mann, Martha Ece Rigss, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. Sports Staff: C. Sowards, J. Ackerman, D. Shryer, R. Smith.
Business Staff Assistant AdvertisinR Monascr: J. Filpi. Advertising Managers: J: Flexon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R. H. Kroeplin. Accounts Manager: Mary nilts.
The Purdue Independent EditoT-in-Chiet; Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor.: Murpny Sports Editor: Ackerman bay Editor: Riggs I.ssue Editor: Dominik Reporters: Sommer, Stephenson, Speck, Donham, Richardson, Forsythe. Gregory, Hall, Hreece, Grotnes, Abbott, Garrett, Fahnestock, ' ■
Entered as second cla,ss matter at the post olTlce in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday. Thursday, Frid.ay and .Sunday mornings during the year, Helivered locally by carrier for ,$1.75 for a semester or S3.00 for two reip.--ter.s; by mail for $2.00 for a sempster or l u. .-.v . . . oi'.-ter.s. Represented for i.r.'.i.si.-.'i advertising by National Advertising Service, .Inc.. a go Puhlisliers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., Ni rv York, N, Y,
mSIHINTOK [ GRIN AND BEAR nr
rm Rt<). U ^ Pdf Off.
ly t>RE W' PEARSOM Plan Outlined For Hearings On pies' Charges Against U. S.; Only Accused Will Testify
Editor Called By Air Corps.
For the first time .since the start of World War II, the call to the colors has bitten deeply into the staff of the Purdue Exponent. When the Air Corps Reservists received their orders on Tuesday morning, Bill Hoskins, former editor of the paper, was ordered to report for active duty. Although we could go into much detail about Bill’s accomplishments in connection with the paper, we feel that the work he has done and the editorials he has written will stand as a greater eulogy to his service than any words which we might piece together. The loss in numbers was not great, but the quality will be hard to replace. ‘ Exponent policy in the future will continue to follow the .same general pattern that has been customary in the past. ’We will do our best to give complete campus coverage and we urge everyone to turn in their news items to our office in the Union if they are not collected by our reporters. Names make the news and man3>' small items which would make excellent stories pass unnoticed every day. We have endeavored since the start of this semester to improve the quality of the stories appearing in the paper and to make them more interesting. Largely through the efforts of Robert Boswinkle, News Editor, in cooperation with the staff, some progress has been rnade toward that goal. We will continue to work along these lines and we hope that we will develop a paper in which every story will carry enough punch to make people want to read it. The Exponent will continue to give students the latest information available on the armed services and we will try to keep the students informed of any changes which might be made. We print the news which is available and are not responsible for changes of mind or policy made by other people. in the editorial columns qf this paper we will present our own opinions on campus problems or other pertinent questions. We do not expect everyone to agree with us and indeed it would be a shame if they did. We will be glad at any time to receive letters or ideas from our readers and we will print such letters as long l!'..:y are reasonable, even though they niity eonflict with our ideas. Although we have a staff of our own, we realize that there are many budding journalists around the campu.s who are not directly connected with the paper. If the quality of their work is up to par, we will welcome an opportunity to print some of their work. The JExponent i.s not a closed organization, and we are always on the lookout for worker.s. We hope that anyone desiring .some practical experience in journali.sra will report to our office in the Union. In conclu.sion let us say that the Exponent will do its best to-serve the students and faculty of the University. We will make mistakes, but to erris human. We will make some people angry and others will be happy, hut in the end we hope to serve the campus to the best of our ability.—-d.e.b.
WASHINGTON—The House of Representatives’ ban on free mailing privileges of government departments without Congressional okay is much more significant than administration leader.s admit. It shows that the Republicans today really rule one house of Congress. They won by the narrow margin of 204 to 201. It was a test case. Administration leaders vigorously opposed the mail ban on the ground it would interfere with vital Army and Navy mail. For some time Democratic leaders have expected growing defections in Democratic ranks, chiefly among Southern and farm congressmep. However, the leaders were not prepared for the technique the coalitionists used in this case. Actually, only six anti-New Deal Democrats voted for the Keefe amendment banning free mail for Government bureaus without Congressional okay. What spelled defeat for the administration was the fact that 19 other Democrats, including 11 from the South, led by Representative Hatton Sumners of Texas, did not vote, thus assuring a Republican victory. A few were legitimate absentees, including Representative Jack Cochran of Missouri, who has been ill. But the majority absented themselves deliberately, according to House loaders. Representative Sumners and others were reported seen on the floor just before the vote, but disappeared when the clerk began to call the roll. Besides Sumners and Cochran, other absentees were Representatives Abernethy of Mississippi, Bland of Virginia, Boykin of Alabama, Bryson of South Carolina, Clark of North Carolina, Cullen of New York, Domengeaux of Louisiana, HelTernan of New York, Kennedy of New York, Lewis of Colorado, McGranery of Pennsylvania, Maloney of Louisiana, Mansfield of Texas, Morrison of Louisiana, Norton of New’ Jersey, Sheridan of Pennsylvania and Steagall of Alabama. • The Senator From New Mexico When Vice President Guani of Uruguay was in Washington he was entertained at luncheon by the Vice President of the United States. After luncheon, Vice President Guani spoke eloquently, paying tribute to the Good Neighbor policy, and for the benefit of the Americans present his speech was translated from Spanish into English by -Senator Chavez of New Mexico. Senator Chavez has many Spanish-Americans among his constituents and prides himself on his knowledge of Spanish. After Guani finished, Senator Barkley of Kentucky, majority leader, rose to reply. He spoke eloquently in English. And Senator Chavez rose to translate into Spanish for the benefit of the Uruguayan Vice President. But after a few sentences, Vice Pre.sident Guani interrupted. - “I think,” ho said, “that I can understand Senator Barkley's English better than I can'Senator Chavez’ Spanish.” • invest'igaS’ing Martin Dies Two decisions were made at the first closed-door meeting of the House Appropriations sub-Committee named, to I’eview Dies Committee charges of unAm'ericanism against certain government employees. The .sub-committee, headed by faii’-minded Representative John H. Kerr of North Carolina, decided first to hear only the individuals against w'hom the chargeshave been’ made. No character witnesses Avill bo permitted to testify, except in unusual cases. Second, the committee decided to throw out any, cases in which there is the slightest doubt about accused employees’ loyalty to the United States. The fact that an employe ha.s been a member or has attended meetings of a so-called Communist “front” group won’t be considered sufficient evidence to oust him from his job, in the eyes of the reviewing subcommittee. This is significant, because virtually all the evidence the Dies Committee has on federal workers is based on connections with “front” organizations, like tne League for Peace and Democracy, now disbanded. Chairman.Keer insisted that there must be conclusive proof of un-Americanism before any employee is discharged, since “what w e do may ruin a man and his family for life.” Kerr urged supercaution in dealing with all cases, and he was vigorously supported by the other members of the subcommittee, Lane Powers of New Jersey, Frank Keefe of AVisconsin, Albert Gore of Tennes.see and Clinton Anderson of New Mexico. Representative Powers said the slogan of the committee should be a saying which had been drilled into him at his alma mater, Pennsylvania Military College: “When wealth is lost, nothing is lost; when health i.s lost, somethin.g is lost; when character is lost, all is lost.”
University Calendar Thursday/ February 18
enthusiastic leadership of the mis sionary, resulted in vastly improved health of students. Before ' long, girls and boys became expert at all sports. The tendency in China to link religion with ethics made it
one who always filays the part or the tough, cruel, sadistic ser- natural that Christian forces should
3:00 P.M. Screen Review 8:00 P.M. English Club
Hall of Music W. Faculty Lge., Unibn
Today's Screen Review
News—8 min.
3:25—4:46
Magic Alphabet—10 min
3;33__4:54
Desert Wonderland—^9 min.
3:43—5:04
Songs of the Service—-10 min
...,.,3:52
One Day of War (March of Time)-
—19 min. 4:02'^—^^5:13
In South America—9 min.
...3:00—4:21—5:32
Let ’Em Go Alive—9 min
, .3:09—4:30—5:41
How to Fish—7 min
t 3:18—4:39—5:50
Out—5:57
By G. B. Wu
“Sergeant, I want you to meet Basil Bilge, the actor—he’s the
the ordeal ahead.
Revolutionary Change In Medicine Prominent men in government, in business, in industry, had been in touch, therefore, with Christian thought and practice at a formative period and were appreciative of the
(Continued from Previous Issue) Christian way of life even when they Keen interest in spoi'ts, under the formally accept, the Chris-
tian beliefs. The A^WCA and especially the YMCA made a strong appeal to such leaders in student, official and merchant groups, while it did not commit them to membership in a Church group. One of the most
geant in the films.”
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
Christian faith of the Generalissimo realized the great dynamic at the
Unrest is steadily increasing, in the Balkans as Hitler’s swift disposal of the government in en-
take a leading part in social rebuild-: ing. Chinese leaders looked to the Church to prove that its Christianity Would “work”. Not a vague
influential Christian units was, of course, the hospital. Perhaps in no other phase of Chinese life was there so revolutionary a change as in medicine, or one more urgently
idealism but a resolute tackling of impeded. Christian forces joined in ^ojici’ete pjobleins was needed. The anti-opium and required of Church
members the discontinuance of
listing Christian leaders in this welfare movement, but it was nevertheless a secular movement, and only incidentally Christian. It initiated a drive for national regeneration by the exei’tion of moral force. It was
back and started ia new and.combination of Old Testament
morality and Confucian ethics, and
retreat approache.s its own domain. The Balkan countries have been a sore spot in the Nazi side ever since Hitler decided that that part of Europe was a necessary piece of his empire. The Greeks, even though they have been punished more than
any other people, have come
gambling and concubinage. Thero were schools for the blind, too, where e(lucation and self-support
joined to make the$o pitiable mem-
bers of Chinese society hopeful gnd creative pcr.son.s. (To be continued in next issue)
, J.- -\T • J. last chance to threaten Russia s
stronger anti-Nazi movement. . i - i , mu , . , ., • „ , , . - gram and industrial area. The ques- emphasis on tlie old Chinese virtues ihe Yugoslavs nave gained that is being asked by the of reasonableness, piropriety, disneW strength from the action American people now is not whether crimination, cohscientiousness. The
the German Army will be destroyed, movement was close enough to Chifor that seems unlikely because of nesc psychology to wield a wide and their rapid retreat, but how long the deep influence. The emphasis on Russian winter will stay to help her frugality cut deep into Chinese cuschildren in their attempt to drive tom and resulted in the simplifying the invaders from Russia. It is quite of costly funerals, extravagant possible that the Russians will be feasts, and marriage expenses. Mass
LUMA
of their “big brother.s” in Russia, and with the help of new Russian and British weapons are causing the Nazis no end of trouble. They are still holding back Axis troops, about four or five divisions, that are very urgently needed in
Russia.
TODAY- FRL -SAT. —TWO THRILL HITS—
AatONI ROMAI^CEI
Last Monday the Finnish people re-elected Risto Ryti president of their war-weary nation.. The vote was unanimous, and showed that the Finnish people still.have faith in the policies of their loaders^ A strange event occui'red when the name of Finland’s commander-in-chief, Field Marshal Baron Karl Mannerheim, ;>vas brought up a.s a candidate, for the presidency. He had not given hi.s consent and his name was olfered by the electoral college, which was chosen six years ago. The policy that the ag-ed Field Marshal would have adopted if he had been made president is not quite deal', but it is believed that he would have attempted tq either get out of the war or finish it with the Germans. The eventual aim would have been to get the Finns out of the war before they had lost all chances of ever becoming an individual nation.
able to push the Nazis clear joast marriages were accomplished with tile Dnieper River and even past the dignity and economy. By self-dis-snuill river that formerly divided cipline, and by an enlai-ged social Russia from Rumania. co.nseien.ce, China was preparing for
There seems to be no stopping of the Russian offensive. The Germans abandoned their sti’ongly fortified
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASION^ fiMrsiiy Book Store
■’lUd*’ Sammons ’29 “Doc” Flpple MO
T’S GOT MORE OF EVERYTHiNG.;.THAM ANYTHING!
"This iKeatre will sefve you with War Bonds amd’ Statupi,
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW
SsJwksi. SiMptSA.
> Lf. Rogef L. Reed
. . . Port AVayne, was graduated and commissioned at Aloe I ield, ex., in tjie class ol JJrB. Reed atelnded
the Univei’sity in 1940-41.
LU William Clark/jr. ... Flora, was commissioned at Moore Field, Tex., where he graduated from, the Aviation Cadets in the class of 4;j-B. Lt. Clark attended.the Universitv in
« Rest Your Morsels Shoes Many a farmer got a horse laugh out of that AVPB suggestion tliat horse shoes should bo removed when not in use. And AVPB has been deluged with mail (not exactly fan mail) calling the officials all sorts of names. One fanner wrote, “The Gov. should send you out on a southern fann with the other mules.” All letters were addressed to that unhappy Harvard graduate Edward R. Gay, son of the former Dean of the Harvard School of Business and one-time editor of the New Tork Evening Post. It was over Gay’s signature that the letter went out suggesting that a lot of things could be done to save horse shoes. One was to eliminate some of the 100 diffei’ont styles or patterns of horseshoes. Another was that “horse owners can, in many cases, save shoes by removing the shoes immediately after a period of necessary road work.” Fi'om behind- its red face, the WPB hastens to explain that (1) It was not Harvardman Gay who composed the letter, but farm-born Verne Gregg of the Department of; Agriculture; and (2) AVPB really means what it says alioiit taking off the horse's shoes. It’s a simple matter, says Gregg, to pull the nails out ol a shoe at the end of a season of road work, when the horse is goiiig to be in pasture. Otherwise, the .shoes will probably lie lost in pasture, and in the spring Dobbin will liave to come hack to town for new iron that can be used for better purpose in the war. (Copyright, 194;i, by United Feature .Syndicate, Inc.)
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
PACHYDERM PANIC ..as Lime S I onn) ^
J j /V j
^ w ;»•,» T’ j Vr
!^V
Thursdd^r, Fehruary 1% X943
Spirts
cc‘
Pd$e S
Hawkeyes Invade Fieldhouse Saturday Evening
By Sheldon Watson After winning one and losing one to a atiibboin Michigan quintet last week-end, Coach “Piggy” Lambeit’s Boilermakei s will attempt to get back into the victoiy column when they play host to the Iowa Hawk eyes m the Fieldhouse next Satui day evening At the piesent time the Ipwan*! aie resting m seventh place m the Big Ten standing with a total around the 500 maik The Riveteis will be weakened by the piobable loss of Rudy Lansop, veteran staiting guaid, who has leeeived his tall to active duty
with the Aimy An Corps Iowa will also have a tough job on then hands Releases fiom the com state tell us that co captain Thom Chap man, leading scoi ing and holdei ot various Iowa lecoids, and Theion Thoipsen, sophoinoie guaid, aie meinbeis of the Aiiny An Coips Reseives and aie expected to leceive then call to active duty befoie the encountei ‘“with the Boileiinakei s Chapman Consistent Coach Haiiison mil have a gieat task in filling the shoes of Chap
man Chapman has been the most consistent scoier on the Hawkeye squad this season In The Big Ten individual scoiing lace, co captain Chapman is in fifth place with a total of 105 points in seven confer ence tilts This is an aveiage of 15 maikeis pei game which is pretty lugged in any confeience Anothei Iowa loss is Chuck Ukncb, legulai guaid, who is due toi induction into the Aiiny on Peb 18 Concerning the losses to the aimed forces. Coach “Pops” Ham son sa^d, ‘ With such events on their
minds, the boys can’t be expected to concentiate upon basketball It’s a tough psychological situation ” This seems to be the situation all over the nation, but the hardwood losses are gains foi Uncle Sam and it seems that his team needs moie men toi a moie impoitant battle Physically O Iv Aside fi om the loss of Rudy Law son, Lainbeit’s lad^ will be in top physical condition for then tussle with the Hawkeye invafieis If Law son has depaited for his induction centei by Saturday, Coach Lambert
will probably call on Duffy Fiiend to fill the vacancy Menke mil op eiate at his usual ccntei post Ehlers will handle a guaid position, and Biggs and Biowei will piob ably fill the foiwaid beiths Iowa has a fairly good aiiay of talent to oppose the Boiler inakeis on the hardwood At forward they will use CO captain Ben Tiickev, letter man from last year’s edition of Hawkeyes, who is seventh in the Big Ten individual scoiing race with a total ot 101 points in eight games The other foiwaid post, va
rated by Chanman, will probably be filled by Bob Lundstedt, a junioi with plenty of zip on the haidwood Guards Doubtful Coach Haiiison will probably use Iim O’Biien at the pivot spot In eight games this season O’Brien has dropped in 57 markets lor an aveiage of a little over seven pet game Iowa’s guard situation is rather doubtful Regular guards, Thomsen and Uknes are now on Uncle Sam’s lostei and the task of filling then shoes has not been com pleted Gene Nesmith and James
Hunrphrpv will probably get the stalling call, but this is not offieial as yet Last season the Boileimakeni bi oke even in their two game series with the Hawkeyes In the first tilt, the Riveters downed the Iowa quintet by a close 15-44 margin. Seeking levenge, the Hawkeyes came back in the second tussle and recorded a 12- 36 victory in then score books At the meeting in the Fieldhotise Saturday evening, the Riveters will be on the levenge seeking end, so a toi rid battle should prevail
Papeng Illinois, Charles
Faced with the loss of one of his better swimmers, Charlie Van Dusen, via the way ol the Army All Coips, Coach Dick Papenguth IS grooming his sv mnnei s foi then meet with Illinois next Satin day aftenioon about 4 p m in the Pigldhouse Pieceding this water meet will be the state high school swimming meet which mil be held at 2 30 p m Van Dusen was a gieat aid to Dick in the fiee style the medley lelay and the 440 yaid lelay, and his absence will be a gieat loss to the Boileimakeis Illinois has a fairly strong team, although in their first meet they lost last week to Northwestern 47-37, with the Illini taking five out ol the nine events The Illinois team was led m then first meet by Bill Biekke, who won the 220 and 440 yaid tiee style events, and swam anchor on the 440 yaid lelay team In the backstioke the Illini have a wealth ol mnteiial, with such swimmers as Roach Kerr, and Gruoiileld In the breast stroke Scidlei stands out as an Illint star On the Boilermaker squad the 300 yard relay will be handled b^ Dunn, Williamson Smith Hoidl e and Nihan the lattei who is taking
Van Duson’s place Euksen, Hush and Smith will swim the 220 yard free style while Snead, Nihan, and Williamson will take part in the 50 yard free style event Jnengst and Grubb will handle the diving hon ors for the Rivoleis In the 100 yard free style, there will be Snead, Hush and Smith, while in the 150 yard backstioke there will be Dunn
and Koch
Heidkc In 200 Yd Breaststroke The 200 yard breaststroke will be amply taken care ot by William son, Sodeiling and Hcidke The 140 yard free style will have Eiiksen, Ben Daiiow and Mills, while the 440 yard relay team will be made up fiom Snead, Nihan, Boinei Williamson and Husli In the 300 yard relay medley tor the Illini theie will be Gill, Brown, Seidler, Roach, Gruenfeld and Kerr Brekke, Sadewater, Del Vento, and Roach will swim the 220 yard free style, vyhile Meeland, Gruenield, Seidler aird Del Vinto will take part in the 50 jaid tree style event Han old and Brown will hold down the diving exhibitions for the Illi nois team Iho 100 vard fiee style mil have Meeland and Brown pat ticipating, while the 150 vard back stioke mil sec Roach Ken riul Gnientehl churning the waves
oilermakers By Store Of 37-34 Lack Of Accuracy Spells Defeat For Lambert's Lads At Ann Arbor
^ Let's Be There Saturday This Saturday evening the Boilermaker basketball team will meet Iowa in the Fieldhouse, returning from one of the toughest road trips ever forced upon any team m Riveter history Four games within ten days and three games over a period of only four days is the feat just ac complished by the tiring Lambeitmen It is no wonder they were nosed out by the Wolverines Tuesday night These fellows deserve all the sup port m the world, so let’s all be up there Saturday and show them that we are really behind them—just give out with some ot that famous Boiler maker spirit and Menke, Ehlers, Biggs and Co will really appreciate it
^ Rudy In Air Corps
There is a strong possibility that the ever reliable Rudy Lawson will not be able to play against the Hawkeyes Rudy is signed up in the All Corps—need we say more'' Also, there is a fifty-fifty chance that Biggs will not be aiouno The loss of players of their chlibei could play h with any ball team We are just hoping that the Army will hold oft for a couple more weeks at least until we get anothei crack at Indiana
^ Chapman Leaves
The loss of Co Captain Tom Chapman to the Air Corps this week also throws a big dent into the Iowa machine Tom was running right be hind Andy Phillip and Ralph Hamilton in the Conference scoring race before being called in the nation-wide “draft” which started last week Chapman and Co Captain Ben Tiickey together formed the highest scoi ing forward combination in the Big Ton dining the poition of the cam
paign piioi to the piesent time
^ Illinois Vs. Wisconsin! On the same night the Boileimakeis tangle with Iowa the pace setting Illinois team will face probably then toughest test ot the season when they play host to the Wisconsin Badgers in a game which may very easily decide the outcome of thcyConlcience race The Badgers blasted the Hoosieis out of first place Monday night rnd may very probably he able to give the Illini r bit of the same thing this Satindaj Both teams have won nine games to date while onlv the Hoosieis have been deteated 11 the Illini were beaten Saturday Indiana could win the title by taking then lemaining tinee games—which incidentally would be easy enough This would be possible since Indian r plays one moie game than Illi
nois—why well never know
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RI'K — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldgl 4th and Mam Sts Phone 570]
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
“The Best Clothes of All’ Come From ROSENTHAL WORSTED-TEX SUITS KNIT-TEX TOPCOATS
322 MAIN ST.
See the throat microphone ^
delivered by Western Electric Radio Wherovei Anieiuan soldiers rule into bailie iu roaring Miell buggies,” they get their orders over radio telephone sols. So do pilots ot Aunj bondn is and lighting planes — and the eornmaneltrs of the Wavy’s deadly PI boats. The Signal Coips needs gieal quaulilics of field telephones, wiie and swiLehboaids to get the message ihiough. Ahoaid laige naval vessels are battle .innouncing systems and sea-going telcphonea. Sixty yoais of expeiiemc in making Pell Telephones gave ’^cstiin I IkIiu tin "know how” to speed i(|uipmciit that helps "keep ’em in contact.’
The New Sensational, All Purpose Wall Cleaner Eeaveis a Clean Base for Repainting; Kind to the Skin Economical: 98e Quart - $2.98 Gallon Edgerton Hardware
E. W. VanMeter, Pres.
Phone 4354
West Lafayette
Mat Men Meet Illini Grapplers
Coach Claude Reeck’s giappleis will tangle this coming Satruday afternoon with the Ilhni out Cham paign way The Riveteis will go to Illinois with a much depleted squad, as several men this past week were called to active service Yesterday Maik Matovina, de fending Big Ten champion in the
Bj Jim A’ckerman
With then shooting badly off form, the Riveter cagers diopped a 37 to 34 decision to the Wolverines of Michigan to put the Boilei makers below the 500 per cent mark once again. The game, which was played Tuesday night up at Ann Arbor, saw the Riveters sink only 13 of its 57 shots lor a very poor aveiage of 22 8 per cent According to one of the basketball players on the team, after he got off the train yesterday
had lids on them and we could not seem to get them off”. With Ed Ehlers and A1 Menke held scoreless from the court, it was up to Sophomore Max Biggs to top the scoring honors for the Boilermakers with six fifeld goals for
a total ot 12 points
Break Even With Wolverines The night before the Boilermak-
Purdue (34)
FG
FT
PF
TP
Biggs f
6
0
3
12
Browers 1
3
1
0
7
Morns, f
0
0
0
0
Menke, c
0
0
4
0
Kennedy c
0
0
2
0
Lawson g
3
1
2
7
Ehlers, g
0
5
2
5
Friend g
1
1
1
3
Totals
13
8
14
34
Michigan (37)
FG
FT
PF
TP
Mullaney f
3
2
2
8
Wie^e, f
4
0
2
8
Mandler c
4
2
1
10
Stiaek, g
1
2
3
4
Doyle, g
3
1
2
7
Totals
15
7
10
37
Meet Here This Week-End
score of 33 to 27 The Boilermakers were sadly in the rear at the end of the fir st half by the score of 17 to 10, ! ind then as they used to do m the early season games, they tried to stage a rally m th^ last half to win the game, but with Menke and Ehlers helpless, they could not suc-
ceed
Max Biggs tossed in five baskets in tho last half in his effort to put
the Boilermakers on top, but to no
In the last few minutes of
on the team were called up by The Army Au Corps Jim wrestles in the 165 pound class, so that the loss ot these two men will greatly affect the Boilermakers chances this
corning Saturday
Lose Four Conference Champs Last year the Riveters had five men who placed or won m the Big Ten championship meet and ot these hve only one remains on the team, and it is doubttul whether he will be able to grapple in the coming matches The lattei is big Frank Ruggieii who took the crown in the heavyweight division last
year Casey Fredericks, who is now This coming Saturday alter noon in the marines, Mickey McDonald, the high schools of Indiana will hold avail
now at Annapolis, Gregory, who is then state meet m swimming in the play Sophomore Bob Brower tossed now in the army, and Matovina who Fieldhouse with at least four full m two buckets to bring the Riveters was just called up, were the vet teams planning to enter and nrany w ithin two points of tying Michigan, eians along with Ruggieii who weie other individual stars from other but Jim Mandler of the Wolverines, on the champion Riveter confeience high schools taking part Last year m the last tew seconds ot play, wrestling team when the meet was held here. Ham tossed in a bunny shot to put the The Illmi team, which the Boiler mond came out on top to be crowned game on ice toi the Maize and Blue, makers meet is one ol the strongest state swimming champ Again this Lawson Leaves Team teams in the conieieiice Just a year, the Hammond tankers will Rudv Lawson finished his playing month ago the Illinois squad shut send a team down that should again davs for the time being on the Rrvout a tough Noithwestein outht, go places in the meet etei squad in this game by scoring 32 0 Besides lacking veterans who Ihe tour iull teams which have seven points and doing his usual fine
rlready sent then entry blanks in ]ob of rebounding Lawson left the to Coach Dick Papenguth aie Whit team after the game was over to
mg, Horace Mann ot Gary Lew Wallace of Gary, and Fioebel, also of Gary' Wiley High School of Terre Haute will send one man while South Bend Central will send a taiily lar„e representation Lafayette Swimmers May Enter There are also probable entries
have just been called. Coach Reeek will go into the match with inex peiienced men in about eveiy other position also, including the lighter
weights
At 121 pounds the Riveters will have Vein Singleton, 128, either Clint Sow aids or Bob Platt, 136 Don Nettesheim, 115 George Steudal or Marion Stackhouse, 156, Roger Clasoman, 165 Velmai Davis, 175, Warren Eviston, and the heavyweight Prank Ruggieii
or Dick Baiwegan
Illinois lineup will probably be made up ot Bcinaidoni at 121 Hughes at 128 Romeisbeigei, 136, Christen, 145, Lee, 165, Petiv, 165, Hayes, 175, and Agase, heavy weight In the Northwestern match Agase threw his opponent who out weighed him by 45 pounds in a little
ovei SIX minutes
report to the Army Air Corps Although Eddie Ehlers was held scoreless from the floor he was able to garner five points via the giatis shot route Top scorer of the Riveters, Menke, was completely baffled up at Ann Arbor as he could not hit the hoop from either the
on the way liom West Lafayette court or the free throw line He was and Jefferson ol Latavette Short also ejected from the game in the ridge may also send a team up to closing minutes ot play via the per-
take part m the meet Last week Hammond won the Northern Indiana Conieience swim miiig meet while South Bend Cen tial took second Hammonds score was 37 yyhile Central of South Bend had 32 With Hammond a pie meet favorite, they will lace plenty of competition from the schools of Gaiy
CARRIES UN d Wg again repaat our phidgc to furnish you the best service possible under war conditions. d We are proud to he YDUR RUS COMPANY
sonal foul route PIA Announces Campus Bowling Tournament The Purdue Independent Association IS again sponsoring air AllCampus bowling tournament. It will be conducted in the same manner as the torunament last semester with the exception that the coeds of the c tmpus aie eligible, either as an individual or a^ a member ol a mixed team Y person may enter the tournament a:^ an individual All entries must l^e in the PIA office before February^ 23 at 8 p nr Included rn the entry mu&t be the name or names of all persons who wish to paiticiprte Theie will be a charge of 10 cents foi each person entering Ylso include yotu telephone number and your past bowling average which will determine your handicap for the touinainent. It additional mtoimation is desiicd tne PIA office will be open each afternoon trom 4 to 5, oi c^ill Irene Yndte 2670 oi Maiy Ann Dicsbhi Volleyball Practice Ihursdav, February 18 Tho tollowing iiateinities pleese icpoit at 7 00 toi volleyball pi’actice Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa I u Phi Sigma Kappa, Pi Kappa ^Ipha Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Ylpha Mu, Sigma Chi Sigma Nil Sigma Phi Epsilon, Sigma Pi, lau Epsilon Phi. Tau Kappa Epsilon, Theta Chi, Theta Tau, The& Xi, liiangle" '■rS\ I f ^
im^&(
Page 4
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, February IS, 1943
Home Ec School To Offer New Curriculum In Housing
Personnel Notes
Authorities See Promising Future In Field After War
A nev\ cm nculum in housing is being offered by the School of Home Economics with the assistance of the Schools ot Engineeiing This couise adequately fulfills the leciuiicd qualifications for women trained in the housing field Specific lobs in this broad field are decorators, real estate dealers, demonstrators and technicians in laboiatoiies where
new household products are be-
Students Give Books For Men In Services
Consolidated Anciaft Coip., San Diego, California—Febiuaiy 18 and 19 Intelested in Apiil, August giaduate students in CE, ME, AE,
EE
Geiieial Aniline & Film Corp., Liston, Pa—Febiuaiy 19 Interested in BS, MS, PhD candidates in
Chemistry
Phillips Petroleum Co, Bartles-
ville Okla—March 1
The
Book Worm
Says:
Naval Diesel Class Closes
Alpha Phi Omega for™*'
thoir pledge board to the
All Military Students A si^oml
,it the weekly films ottiio Military Depart-
ment will be held m the Armory ThurS day evening t cb 18 1943 at 4 p m Tbie IS in addition to the regular Wednes^y showing and is for those students who are unable to attend Wednesday Studenla who,
can should make arrangements to
mg developed This program may be completed in eithei the concentrated two veais and eight months plan oi the foui
year plan
Opportunities in the nidus-
kation Books
(Continued from page 1) as much as possible, houses wheic the liookb have been collected and aie in the hands of a custodian will
Books toi men in the aimed serv ices aie being collected by the Vic-
toiy Book Campaign
week moie than a hundred have
been donated by students
Mystery stories predominate but theie IS a good percentage of non fiction and technical books Anyone that cannot bung then books to the libiary should telephone 2526 and aiiange to have them picked up
With the completion of an intensive ten weeks’ course in fhe theory and operation of diesel engines Sat-
in day by 43 naval ofRcelS, the diesel regular Vrodnesday show
school at the Ijniversity has been p-.-w actives and Pledges Initiation “THE V\LLEY OF DECISION” closed Commander Hugh J Bart- Thursday
Reviewed by Dorothy M. McAlister ley, commander of the Naval Train- btmg'fuiTbo^ aL"signed In a world at war many writers mg School, announced that these 43 ■ , , turn then attention toward military men have been assigned to active fudenU
Ihese companies do not plan to g^j^g ^ute history, others duty as diesel engineers on smdll at the University Church on Mbit the campus, however, they^aie Action, and still others propaganda patrol and landing craft, mine wdi'"^be served^
'■■■ sweepers, sub chasers, liaiboi tugs
and similar boats
tries concerned with tlie building of piesented m a gioup by that in
homes and pioduction and utilization of household equipment are now being offeied to women It is esti mated by industilalists that seveial thousand men and women not now available aie needed at picsent and foi peacetime caiecis in building and equipment mdustiies R L Hqon cuiectoi of dealei iclatioiis foi one of the nation s coi porations has said ‘ Theie aic plcn ty of jobs iwaitmg the piopciK tiallied \oung m this field
Canadian
diMdual It is'uiged that students In UK m pm ate homos oi apart ments, wheic the aboae procedure has not been carried out, piesent tiieii books piomiith, as they will need the now books Receipts will lie given to students who tin n then hock m to he piesented in a gioup The now Iiooks will be issued thiough the woikeis at the Union, and it IS idvised that students who foi some leason do not have nn mediate access to then book, secuic it m 01 del to be alrle to get the new bool without unnecessaij de
lav
Delta Chi Loses Coat In Delta Gamma Hall
Local cleaneis aie chumming up business in a big, despciate wav It IS the custom at the D( Ita Gamma house to leave m the hall with a note pinned on it any clothing to
be taken by the cleaneis
Having left his spoils jacket in a chan yesterday aitcinoon Delta Chi Ted Scaggs w is studying m the living loom with his new pin ^iil, Betty Pin coll When they wcie ready to leave for class the coil
inter ested m students for employ-
ment
Standard Oil Co of Ohio, Cleve-
This past Ohio—Interested in ME Sign
111 Personnel Office by 12 noon. Sat-
in da v, Feb 27
Erie Railroad Co , Marion, Ohio— Interested in ME Sign m Personnel Office by Saturday noon, Feb 27 Mead Johnson & Company, Zeeland, Michigan—Interested m bac-
teriologists
Lastman Kodak Company, Rochester, New York—Interested in April ind August EE, ME, PSE Sign 111 Pcisonncl Office by Saturday, February 20 The Lelaiid Electric Co, Dayton, Ohio—Interested in April or August EF Sign in Peisonnel Office by Satin day, rchiuaiy 20
In The Valley of Decision, Marcia Davenport has written not of one wai but of four and we see the influence of each of them on eveiy
chaiactei in the story
Combined m this long nauative we find the biogiaphy of a seiwant gill, the histoiy of six generations of the Scott family, and the development of the steel industry in Pittsburgh Each story is so interwoven with the others that none
would be complete alone
Mary Influences The Scotts Throughout the book we feel the influence which Mary Laffer ty from the Plats exerts on the Scott family into whose large house she goes to woik as a maid at the age of six teeii Maiy is deeply religious and has definite piinciples by which she
-NORDLINGER
The six naval officers who served as instructors for the school have been assigned to duty at another station The educational supei vision of the program, which has been handled by the University war training office, was directed by Prof E S Ault of the School of Mechanical Engineering
Graduates of December and August* If you
have not had your
taken come to loom 60 in the sub-basement
anytime between 8 30 and 6 p 18 and 19 and have them taken
on the
RENTSCH
Student Senate Meeting wilt be held on Thursday evening at 7 30 m the ofliqc Elcc^ id members are required to be present Workci-s may lUcnd if
Book Exchange Open Feb 18 for all etudints with books or money ^maining _Arar tcdiy r
Notices
No Notices will be accepted for this column after 6 p m on the day preceding the issue
P Men s Club Mtttmg Thursday Feb 18, loom 107 Iieldhoiisc All 't'emben, are uigid to attend WARREN Railroad Club Meeting Saturday Feb 20, at 1 iO p m in Unnn sub-basement ddjo(int to Union workshop Everyone please
ittind
-HAASE
All M T 7 Students Repurt-to University CashiLr ami draw umfoim Lomiitation momj —BROWN
Student War Council Thrtc will be a mectini, Tbuisdnj I tb in the Stident Union OITicc AUGSBURGlvU
Na^y V 1 V
and
Iiitoim rtion tan also be obtained at the Pti sound Office legaiding
V 7 Members of
Un/lpQ ovnprts hoi GmBlovecS I^^nlistcd Kcsirvc who do not have aOKleS cUlU exi 1 y pocket cirds to piovc nunboi-ihip m the to do likewise She has no tiouble Nivy Rcsccvl should leave name pluct and
date of induction home iddr4.ss and classi fication m mv ofTi a A request for these
Alpha Phi Omega in spoils leport to daj. at iO p m
All actives interested Meldhoust gym ThursKUCK
with the cldci Scotts but hei tiials
Sdiolaiships and fellowships at the tribulations aie many with the ‘J’,
Mortar Board Meeting todaj Thursday, it I p m in thi Fxponent OtTicc lauec;
fsivcisitv of Ptmisylvania, Em plovment oppoi tumtios in Indiana Slate Soivice, Pie seiviee liaming
m Puldic Wlmmistration
was gone without a tiaee Invesli gallon levealed that the cleaneis
(Continued fiom page 1) peisonnel depaitment which acts with the authonU ol the ministii ot laboi AlS each student eijteis a university, he designates which part of the aimed foices he wishes to join on giaduation m the event that he is allocated theie He is then guaiantecd a full tom yeais college tiaming, duimg which tune he spends eight months in stud\ and the torn summci months in in dustiv obtaining piactical expen ence Prepared Loi t.tti\e Dut\ The summei follow mg his lamoi veai he is assigned to the pait ot the aimed seivice he baa chosen to leceive pieliminaij mstiiiction so that b\ the time he has .^ladurted he will he fitted ioi active f!ut\ with the ai mv Most phvsicailv fit men aie is signed to the aimed sci vices liow evei the jiiiiiiose of the peKonncl depaitmeni i 11 eliminate competi tion toi ituh 1 eal v t rmed men lu tween iidustiv aid ’‘nc iimv Twenti I wo ( ollcges ( ooperalc Tneie aic ippioxi n itolv 55(10 stuicris a roc ed uv mis jno^i iii vhich had t begiin ik h Joic ttic meseni w ri 1 ne s\ lem v\as sct up vvith Inc hickiiK of thicc ciKi neeiing societies m Canada ind arieets those of the twenlv two col leges and univ ei st'-ies teachiiK en gineei mg No College liaming Piograni No actual tiamiiig jnogiam foi mcmhois ot the aimed seivice has been initiated in Canadian colle.,es similai to tliat in pio.,icss hcie Howevci when 8000 ladioloc itoi ii stallei s wcic needed In the Biitish empiie last summci the colleges weie used to tiain iOO such woik ei s MiKht 1 visitin^ the Lniveisitv ol MidiKan on hn wav hick to Canada
No Military Merit For Earnest Rookie
had taken the coat to be cleaned Scaggs went home without i eo it
Phi-Kappa
Prof. P. E. Lull
Lieshmen toi veils have been polishing shoes and biass and piessing uniloims in an eftoit to make the mei it line the next mom mg a militai'v last semestoi one St eh dctoi mined fieshie met with continual del cat thioughout the semesLei Vs tlie semester drew to a close lie bacame moi e anxious than over 10 mike the grade In an elioit to accomplish Ins purpose he polished his shoes and c iietidli placed them in a papci hi^ and‘c rmed them lo the iimoiv Vftci ]) itting tnem oi lie stalled to v rlk into lanks bit his find cFoit met w itli dclcat 7 es son o one v\alk‘'d n-,ht leio s llicm
associate piofcssoi ol speech at the University now a I list Lieu tenant m the Aimv An Loiees left today to leiioit loi liainiiK at Miami, rioiida Piotessoi Lull i stall membei since 192(i is piosi dent of the State Association ol Teacheis ot Speech i meinboi oi the Univoisitv convocation commit tec and an adv isoi to the I ’al i-yctte Little Iheatci He w is crineetel with the development ol the siite liKh school I'eb tc conlcicme Pi o lessoi IjuII obt lined Ins d eliiate it the Univeibitv oJ Wise on m
social fiatemitv, announces the initiation oi the follow mg men William Brine, Laichmont, N Y, WiPiam Lagle Lynbiook, N Y , Rohcit Ohcigfell, Poit Wayne, W iltci Simons Oak Paik, HI (rciald Lssci Auioia 111 , Daniel Heck, Jeisej City, N J Ned Paik Cl Viexandiii, Tames Ryan Caiy, James King Baltimoio, Md Gene Kei lis South Bend Liank Zettel, Alexandiir, Rieaaid Roberts Tom istoii Conn Fdwaid Nealon Schonoetadv N 7 Steve C’ea, 7oun^stown, Ohio F’clward Rutt, Downers Glove 111 Robert Sachs 1 V insville Leo HaKCitj Loogoo tcc Miehiel Lor tuna Rochcstci, \ 7 1 lank Peiir New York \ 7 Ilk Miuphv Chicigo III
Military Band
Theta Xi
Alpha Xi Delta
the follow mg 1 ^ 0 it r Bend cl ' ICCk RlV l 1 1(1
niiounccs cnc idmiti
ei J W Pi 1 iielisl W 111 I 1 i
(Cl I SOI ei in 111 oniKcs i i mill tu 1 (1 ^1 ijo 1C Pull i lit \\L L J ua site iilbc iiColc West ’all (tu Hilcn 'i nih 7ccdeis b g P l V (iciichc u \ Ic ui uili ( 1 R in Sun B ii h u i Ji in Gic,,oir \inccniic ind Vilnc r Ot (he C 1 1C 10 111 7ltci the i ii till! n ccicmonv dmnii v\ i held 111 til ( hcslnut Room of the Union
M (r
nuls| I ' ] g
I h Ills J J ( 4 J! ( 1 1 li o 1 1 phone I (I P 5 i 1st f nil i ’() sti 1 g li iss
social li itcinitv announces he election of the following offi ceis ipcsulcnt Ailhui F Woods, vice ]iiesident H Rav Schmidt Hist st( wild Louis A I ischei sec md stcwaid (roidon J Stepanc, Ol e poidm^ scciotaiv Kenneth 11 Kiicgti tieasLiiei Daniel S VlcLaughlin
chilchen, especially the mcoiiigible twins She is rewaided in pait by seeing Constance’s giandchild who was icaied all ovei Era ope come home to save the Scott steel mill liom passing into the hands ot a eoipoialion whose intention it was to sell its output to Nazi Gci manj the Glowing Steel Mill The Scott steel mill glows iiom a one fuinacc affair to a large con cein We feel almost as if it weie one ot the childien Paul, as the fust imminent metallurgist in the U S shows us the lomance ot the development of stool The lahoi tioubles the depiessions and ex pansnns in trade affect all veiy mtimateiy We are given glimpses ot the laboi piobleni fiom the point ol view ot both capital and laboi ihiough the Scott and I iska tarn
dies
Miss Dav enpoi t has w i itten not one stoiy but many She has combined and Intel mingled them so expertly that we do not teel confused hut mciel\ eigei to find the effect ot each act on eveiv elemonf involved lire book is rapidly appealing on most best selling lists Its chiel diavvback is its len,,th it being dvei eight hunched pages Hovvevei most leadois who begin the hook will be leluclaiit to leave it unfinished
Sur\o>inir I\iminitions foi removal of ions in CL b md C L 10b wijl be held
m Room 101 Cl Hldp. Saturuny ifUrnoon I tb 20 Ptrmit-, must b obtained in Roo n 10« CJ Bldt, Ixfoie I nd ij fibruary IJ
LOMMI I
Skull and Crescent Pledges Meet in the St id i ni Ihurdii Ic 18 it 7 iO ji ni Rrinj fli hliehl paddi md jitncil ind pa pri CHLSTNUl
Classified Ads
M8 > Students Advanced couisc uirifoims will be iviilabl It r Ip in Thursday 1 biuarv 18 thiou^h Saturdi> noon Tcb uu\ -0 1 IT" ‘s'’00 dtj sit mist b paid before i nifoim is dehvAr d BROWN
Typewriters Addinr macbines all makes sold u ntf d 1 t-paired and purchased Mimeoy^raph woik done C T LbtishofT 605 Main, I ifuyettc Ph me 2 "0
Money to Loan Oi ^.uns typewi Ofliee 107 Columbn
I diamonds watches, iteis Albert s Xxjan
( oMinopolitan ( lub Mi tin^ 1 nday 1 p n in 10 m 10! DOn
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
Will person who exchanged coats with me
in I trim s Barber Shop last^Wednetiday
pi ase e ill '' ''1 Ask in I aust
I ost—K d rinp: with loui keys Utached Raw lul it I 1st Desk
Will pay 70c an livei milk DcIjvaI ittei school hours
hour foi students to <icV can be made before or Giainscy Dairy Phone
-V charn^s ^ f demu*"® ardly- O’; , do hoW
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Alpha Sigma Phi
so( 1 il ti lie nitv aiinoiiicts the inilnti m ol the tolliwm Rohcit Biiklev Vluncic, Roboi L Alsiiousc (Jildiulo Floiuld Rohcit kliwrin /loii 111 Coidon link PR mouth Rohei t f Nuckols Shilci lleKhts Ohio Himh I Vv hictma 1 Centialn 111 and the lilcdging Oi John Shitci Milw lu Icc Wla
Its Patriotic to keep your clothes in good condition. Clean Clothes last longer and our Govern-
ment wants woolen goods for the armed forces.
CROWN Cleaned Clothes are also mothproofed by the Monite Process.
hats
PURITAN
ENSIGN
0SOWH Laundry
Reveille Trio Afitr Shave lot on Ha r Lo t on Cologne in red wh J. and blue $2 50 Same pacl'ogcd n clea. glass 2 00
FIME DRY CLEANIAIG
'HIS' Trio Shav ng Bowl After Shav Cologne ^2 5i
HIS' Duo After Sho e Lo on and Cologne $1 jO
Duo Set ng Bowl or d Afte
THERE S real luxury (a reasonable cost) m these elected items that we know men like—masculine toiletries mannishly packaged TI ey oil have that favorite Nortliwoods fragrance that every man en|oys as fresh and nvigorafing a an early spring morn ng in the north woods You 11 find others in our dis play of HIS Toiletries
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
'HIS' Fine Soap TI roc b g ba Du gund/ a d Gold V rapp d $1 00
PURITAN—wool felt bonnet that frames your pompadour DARLIN’—watch this wool felt btau catcher win compliments for you ENSIGN—wool felt, styled like the liats the Waves wear CAVALIER— swashbuckling fabric beret for your dashing moments MASCOT—popular mihtary visor model in fabric DUTCH TREAT— charming young wool felt trimmed with braided band. Head bizes 21 2H/2, 22, 22Vz AH the new spring shades.
► i
r h