f /t
N
^ ir
J; »
Summer Se^^iQn
6FI10
Student Newspaper Of P^rdit0 Vnive^sit^
VOLUME ONE
L
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THORSPAY, JULY 15, 1937
NUMBER SEVEN
Land Grant Colleges Is Topic For NBC ,Campus Broadcast Hour’s Program Will Be Devoted To University Next Wednesday; Addresses, Music Schedule^
“How The Land Grant College Aids In Meeting Changing Conditions” will provide the general
theme for the National Farm and Home Hour of the NBC-Blue Net-
work which will originate on the University campus next Wednesday from 11:30 to 12:30 (CST).
Devoted entirely to Purdue, the full hour’s program will be presented jointly by the National Broadcasting Company and associated stations, the Association of Land Grant Colleges and Universities, an dthe United States Department of Agriculture.
The complete program for the hour, as arranged by T. Rr Johnston, director of public information for the University, will include a series staff members and by Hassil Schenck, of Zionsville, president of the Indiana Farm Bureau, along with 9, number of musical features to be presented by student musical organizations and soloists.
Speak For Farmers In addition to Schenck, who will speak for the farmers of the state, University staff members who will discuss the University’s part in helping to meet changing conditions in agriculture are President E. C. Elliott, Dean J. H. Skinner, Dean Mary L. Matthews, Assistant Director T. A. Coleman of the department of agricultural extension. Assistant Director H. J. Reed, of the Agricultural ExJperiment Station, and Assistant Dean V. C. Freeman of the school of agriculture.
Approximately half of the program will be given over to musical selections, with the Summer Session Chorus of 40 pieces, under the db rection of A. P. Stewart, and Fred C. Baase, of Indianapolis, xylophone and vibraphone soloist of the Military Band, providing the features.
Dr. Miller Advises
Against Swimming In Wabash River
“Students should not swim in the Wabash River because of the heavy pollution of the stream,” Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the student health service, warned yesterday. “Sewage from both Lafayette and West Lafayette is dumped into the river.”
“As long as there is plenty of rainfall and the weather is not too hot and dry. Ideal Beach and Wildcat creek are all right for swimming,” he continued, “but a certain amount of infection may come from these places.”
Artificial pools, properly chlorinized, are much safer to swim in, according to Dr. Miller. Slight irritation of the nose and eyes^from the chlorine may result here, he said, but the risk is much less than in the streams and lakes.
Dr. Miller also warne4 against diving in shallow water. “Don’t take any chances; investigate first,” he advised.
Dr. Knight Becomes Department Head
Dr. Frederick B. Knight is the newly appointed head of the recently created department of education and applied psychology at the UniVersiiy. Br. Knight is the author of several text bool^s and is noted for his work in the application of psychology to industry.
He is a native of Massachusetts and holds degfeeS from Boston* Harvard and Columbia Universities. He comes tP Phrdhie from the University of Iowa where he a faculty member since 1920. He will * assume Kis duties here about Septem|ier Ipr the ^pen-
President’s Office Issues Directory For Summer School
Thirty-seven states, the BiStrict of Columbia, and si3c foreign nations are represented in the University Summer Session, according to figures based on the mimeograp|ied student directory which ha^ just beeii issued from the president’s office.
A total of approximately 1,160 names are included in the new directory. This is ^ gain of more than 200 students over last summer’s enrollment.
Maine, New Hamphire, Vermont, Connecticut, Delaware, North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama,
A copy of the student directory for the 1937 Summer Session may be obtained by calling at the president’s office in the Executive Building.
Louisiana, Nevada, and Oregon are not listed as contributors to the Purdue student Jiody.
China Sends Six Students coming from the most distant land are probably the six Chinese undergraduates. Turkey sends two students, the Philippine Islands one. Central America one, Mexico one, and Canada two.
Five persons can lay claim to the longest surname among University students. H. Bishetsrieder, Ruth Klingelhoefer, H, and R. Pfutzenreuter, and C. A. Reichelderfer each have 13 letters contained in their last name.
The Smith(s) lead the pack as usual, with 16 numbered in their ranks. Miller(s) follow with eight students, JBrown(s) with seven, and Anderson(s) with six.
Abbreviated surnames include Coy, Dow, Eng, Epp, How, Law, Lee, Loh, and Oak. Perhaps the rightful claimant of the shortest full name is I Yang of the Shansi province, China.
Third Games On Green Set For Next Thursday
Another group play gettogether will be held on Stuart Field next Thursday, as the third “Garfies On The Green” recreational program swings into action. Mixed athletic activities including ping pong, volleyball, badminton, horseshoes, and other sports will be open for participation.
Purdue Movie Cast Goes On Ijoccftion; Daisy Belle Makes Theatrical Debut
(Editor’s Note: FollowinE an notes taken by Patricia Heine, assistant production manager of Purdue’s first movie, at the Klondike farm on vdiich the movie was shot last week-end. The movie will be shown in connection with the Second Summer Session songfest two weeks from this evening.)
1^ Patricia Heine “O. K., Mr. Brandstetter, that’s the last time for Daisy Belle today. We’ll shoot her again Friday.” Loud was the applause as the guernsey was led back to the pasture after her brilliant debut into University dramatics as Dai^fy Belle.
“We have to change the scene now.”
“What, again?” A thousand groans from the cast, the production staff, and the visitors on location.
“Somebody help me carry these ?” Half a dozen boys rush over to assist John Ditamore, only to be confronted by the wicked looking boxes which comprise the sound apparatus.
Picks Up Camera Professor Rising tenderly picks up his camera and follows Kenn Carmichael to the scene of the next shot.
“Now look, Judd, this is'going to be very short. Picture of the villain socking the hero. All you have to get in is the corner of the bam. Can you get it in?” “Sure, easy.” “Sue, are there any props for this scene ? O. K. Rest for a while. What about make-up?” Where’s Radkey? “Somebody put a little more beard on Dimples’ (the villain) left cheek. Let’s see . . . Bob and Dimples, come here and learn your lines. Well, Dimples, you come sneaking along the side of the bam; Bob dashes around the corner. You sock him in the jaw, knocking him over the railing ... oh, yes, Radkey, you’re supposed to put in the sound of fist hitting jaw. Radkey! Hey, where’s Radkey?” “He’s getting ”a coke.” “Well, somebody go after him.” “I’ll go.” “Yeh, you go after him and bring back a coke for me.”
“Yeh, me too.” “I want one.”
“Here’s a nickel for mine.” “Anyway you sock Bob, he falls back, then he starts up after you. Somebody try making that sound.” Gather Around Mike Seven people gather a^und the 8-ball mike, slapping their hands on one another’s backs trying to give the sound of dangerous Dimples kayoing the good-looking farmer boy. “No, none of those will do. Try two pieces of wood. Got ’em? Wait a minute . . . now hit ’em together . . . no, that won’t do either. Here, Thompson, take the mike in
to the bam and hold it there by the window. You can see when Bimples hits him.” All seven proceed to the barn to try out the new position the new position. Clap Your Hands “Now clap your hands and I’ll see how it sounds . . . that’s all right. Now let’s have a review of the whole scene so that I can check for extra noises.”
Kenn comes up for final directions: “Dimples (Brotherton, to you) start at the middle of the barn. Now look worried; you’re being hunted. The cops are after you. Bob, Stallard will be standing outside of the range of the camera. He’ll tell you when to start running. Sound man, watch for the landing of the fist. 0. K. Let’s go.” He Waits Dimples takes his place, looking haggard and worn and frightened. He starts to run ... he stops . . . he waits ... he waits ... he waits.
“Where’s Bob?” yells the director. “Huh, oh, I forgot to tell him when to come in.” “O. K. let’s start again.” “Hey, wait a minute. Here are the cokes. Come on, everybody. Here’s the^^pause that refreshes.” Such is life on location.
Katz And Kittens Engaged For Third Mixer Of Summer
A1 Katz and his famous band of Kittens will play for the third Summer Session mixer in the Memorial Union Ballroom Friday, July 23. Katz will stop here on his way to the West from the million dollar Arcadia ballroom located on Broadway in New York City.
This mixer will mark the first appearance of Katz and his Kittens on the University campus. Leading one of the oldest established name orchestras in the country today, A1 is credited with being among the first band leaders to introduce organized entertainment into a dance band.
Ashby, ’23, Is Appointed REMO Chief Engineer
James C. Ashby, a graduate of the University school of mechanical engineering in 1923, has been appointed chief engineer of Indiana Statewide Rural Electric Membership Corporation. Ashby has been a member of the Rural Electrification Administration in the engineeringing division for nearly two years. His headquarters will be in Indianapolis where the Statewide R. E. M. C. operates in conjunction with the Indiana Farm Bureau.
Tonight’s Comedy Ends Optdoor Play Program
One-Hour Drama Will Be Given Free In Ross-Ade Stadium At 7:30 O’clod:
By Anistis Franklin
Second and last of the outdoor plays scheduled for the 1937 Summer Session, “The Full Circle,” a rollicking comedy of four acts, Taatjug one hour, will be presented at 7:30 this evening in Ross-Ade Stadium. Cast for the drama includes Prof. George Cummins, of the botany staff; McKee, Jean Mangold, and Joe Martin, University students; and Harry
Barling, West Lafayette high school
Second Songfest Will Feature Group Songs, Local Talent
Group singing of familiar pld songs will feature the second songfest of the Summer Session in RossAde Stadium at 8 o’clock Thursday evening, July 29. The singing program will be accompanied by the showing of Purdue’s first movie, which was shot on a Klondike farm last week-end. The program is free to the general public.
Outstanding Lafayette talent, both as entertainment and in participation for an amateur contest, will contribute to the evening’s recreation. Applications for entry in this program may be made at the office of Albert P. Stewart in Eliza Fowler Hall.
Persons making application will be scheduled for private auditions with Stewart, who will place some of the material on the radio, over station WBAA, and will include the best talent in the program at the stadium. All applicants must be amateur and live in Indiana.
Lexingtou Planes Report No Trace Of Amelia And Noonan
Howland Island, July 14—^Flyers
of the U. S. S. Lexington continued
their progressively hopeless search in the south Pacific ocean for Amelia Earhart and her flying companion, Frederick J. Noonan, in the fierce equatorial heat here today. The couple haVe been missing for 12 days on a globe circling flight.
More than 40 of the Lexington’s 63 fighting planes scrutinized a great area west of Howland Island. After five hours the fleet returned to the ship with a report that no trace of the lost plane or flyers was found.
PUBLICATION DATES
Exponents will be published weekly dirring the remainder qf the Summer Session, on July 22 and 29, and August 6 and 12.
Freshman Forestry Students At Henryville Admit That Camp Life There Is Great Fun In Spite Of Hard Work
By Bennie Burns Special Exponent Correniondent Henryville, July 14 — “Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.” Approximately 62 Purdue lads are preparing to become wealthy, are becoming healthy, and supposedly wise at the University’s Fprestry Camp in the Clark County Forestry Reserve down here at Henryville.
These freshmen have been living at camp since June 13, and anyone of them yrill admit that it’s grreat fun in spite of the hard work. The gangf is divl4fid into three groups of about 16 fellows each, and while onp groui) surveys, the other two siltoriiate on dendrology and forest meQ^u:(atioh. The sq^eyoTS go out into t))io timber o’olpck in thp n^oi^ning and do not return nntil 5 p. m. Bibring this time various things may ha|>pen. Supposedly, four four-man parties are puel^ing into the thi^l^ timbenwith raeir transits and tapes at a terriide' pace* t^That nctual^;^ goes on is a subject for conjectui^e[.
Do Their Best
The boys do work as hard as they know how, and they are ably guided by the redoubtable ^Tnjun Joe” Hubler, instructor in surveying, who apparently is able to achieve the miraculous in turning up in several places at one time.... in most cases the wrong time.
They sit down to eat lunch about 12 noon, and all that i^ b^ard for the next 20 minutes is a loud mijiuching sound, aepompanied by sbouts conveying the workers’ distaste for
“etore-cheese” sandiyiches. I’hey are allowed until 1 o’clepk td eat their
lunches* but some of tbeih* in uue Purdue style, are back pn tfeb
at 12:30, and continue to bft tb< line until $ o’clock. ‘ "
The woodsmen return in one of tbe big camp buses, and aftei^ takii^g cold shomers aroimd they fi|e into the mesa hall and eat a pile bf potatoes big enough that—if laid e^e to eye—it ivoul^ reach to Kalamazoo and bneb end ^ t^i®® around the flag pole. '
There has been a good deal of rivalry to date between the three sections. A, B, and C. Three enterprising young men from section B, who have organized into a threeman club'called the Homy Hooligans, came into camp one Wednesday night about 1:30 and wolse every man in camp* inquiring solicitously after his health and checking on whether he had washed his face before turning in. >
Tiyo nights later Messrs. Viehe* Schliecher, and Burps each hastily withdrew an inquiring foot from between his blankets, and throwing them back Ipid bare the neatest collection of( poison ivy, saw-brier* drawing boards* soap* s;^t and pepper, and just plain sticks that tips correspondent ever hopes tP focus an eyebiill Pb* 14fb Easier The general existence of every man at ^mp is pade ®as|er bi of tbe uAe ia a w^comed amimui^
used refreshment. Gluzebrook and Melcher, two innocent bystanders at the swimming pier, became involved in a common brpwl with two or three swimmers the otiier evening, and while what followed is not definitely known, both returned to camp in very wet apparel.
From these incidents it is not to be implied that camp is all horseplay. The boys put in hard hours every day but Sunday and ha^® a good bi^: of studying to do in knan;^ of the evening hours. Wednesday and Saturday are nights off, but oh other nights the peepers are closed by 11 o’clock at the latest.
Ivy Takea TqU There have been few casualties since the ax ipd saw htiug inswetors left camp, except that poison ivy is taking a terrible toll.
In a bell ^en by the inquiring reporter, it Vas t^e cbuaensu^ of obinion ^at notvhere else could aw* one do aw more work and at the same time ^ve a»jr more fun than at the Forestr:? Camp, where good fe^evral|ip and WtiMhQibd abound.
freshman.
The play was produced by student dramatists of the University and will be presented free to the public. In case of rain, the comedy wRl be given tomorrow evening at the same time and place.
Albert P. Stewart, director of music, is in charge of the musical numbers to be given between acts. The production was created with the assistance of H. Kenn Carmichael, director of University dramatics, and is being presented imder the auspices of the Summer Session committee on recreation, chairmanned by Prof. O. F. HaU.
Plays Kid Brother Harry Darling is a prominent West Side boy, having been a star catcher on the grade school baseball team and a star in the 8A operetta. Harry easily adopts the role of the kid brother with freckles, tennis racket, a fondness for apples, and an aversion for girls, especially his big sister. As Edgar, he delights in telling the right thing at the wrong time.
Betty McKee, of Charleston, W. Va., who so ably took the part of Carrie Ellsworth in the recent Summer Session play,._“Nei]^ors,” asumes an entirely different character when she slips into the role of the small town girl who goes away to college and learns to want to live her own life. What does “Mary laz” learn in college ?—a craze for poetry, a love of intelligent talk, and a yen for New York.
Joe Martin, a West Lafayette boy, makes his debut into Purdue dramatics as the boy-friend. Joe wiU be remembered for past performances as the professor in “Littie Women” and the flapper nurse in Campus Quarantine,” both West Lafayette high school productions.
Professor Cummins of the University department of agriculture, who successfully played the sheriff in “Front Page” atad George Preble in “Post Road,” Little Theatre productions, is the guest artist. Professor Cummins is the congenial father, who, though quiet and unassuming, takes matters into his own hands and with the aid of mother does a little scheming.
Mother is played by Jean Mangold, of LaGrange, 111.
Dammon, Rising Speak Tomorrow At MonticeRo
Professor C. E. Dammon, of the University speech department, and Prof. Justus Rising, head of the me* chanical arts division in the department of practical mechanics, will speak tomorrow at the Monticello Educational conference.
“Personnel and Guidance Service” and “RIuRo Education and SchMl
Publicity” are P|:ofessor Danuuon’s subjects, while Frofessor Rising wjll lead a discussion of “Visual Educ-
tion.”
Healey, Irvin Tonr Ii%
At |n4i^iipo|%
Dr. Claire Healey, assistant medical advisor of the student WlQi service, and Ruth Irvin, registered nurse of the health Service, wme recent guests on an mpectlon fiiitt of Eli Idlly Contpany, InduMMipdkik
Fl5l* S' registrar, and Mrs. ^topew
v' ' ^ ^ r ! ‘^i
\
aUMiukM
TBDE: PURDtlE SimtEtl^ EXP^yfilto
E(e $ttr)iue Exponent PMUMlai la IMS *I
thui^saay, Jttly 15» 1937
Hife newspaper is written, edited, and published by nndei*^nate students of Purdue liniversb^. All opinions in it, nn^s otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. Main Office—312 North Fifth Street Phone 6037 Entered as second class matter at the post offi«» in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conar^ of M^h 8, M79, and at tte m»ci^ m%e of oofltaffo provided for m fiection H08p act of October stwiT, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Sunday and Monday during the regular academic year, and weekly during the Summer Session. R. Paul Manion Editor-in-Chief David C. Miller. Business Manager
Thursday, July 8, 1937
When The Editor Makes A Mistake Editors of metropolitan dailies and those of rural community weeklies have it over us collegiate editors. When a mistake occurs in the newspaper of either of the former two, they can usually manage to be away until the ire of their readers subsides. The country editor can pick up his rod and go fishing for a couple of days, while the city editor can either leave town or surround himself with such a secretarial moat that none but the most determined persons can reach him.
There are always classes for thfe college editor to attend on the day of publication, however, and it’s often Ifess disconcerting to face the readers than to be called up before the dean for cutting Olases. So we just have to stay and take it. Deserved censure isn’t received so badly by the right-thinking editor. He knows that it’s going to keep him on his toes in the future, and that reproval for one error may help him to avoid making another more serious one. Sometimes, however, facing avoused readers requires the courage of the editor about whom Arthur W. Rotch of The Milford (N. H.) Cabinet reprints the following tale: In a western mining town a tough guy with a drooping mustache, ten-gallon hat, and two pistols stomped into the local hewspaper office and demanded of the busy little man at the desk who was running that , ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ newspaper. “I am,” said the little man without looking up. “Well then,” said the visitor, “perhaps you are the guy that wrote that article saying that William H. Mudge is an exjail bird, a counterfeiter, blackmailer, gunman, kidnapper and desperado, eh?” Again without looking up the little man said “Sure, I’m the fellow, what about it?” “Well, just this,” said the man of the shady reputation, “I'll have you understand that I am William K!. and not William H. Mudge, and by if you have got anything further to say about me, I’ll thank you to get my name straight. Good day.”
Collegiate
By Orval Lorenz
There are seven very good points to remember when dating a co-ed for a dance; here they are: 1. Never come on time. 2. Never show up when sober. 3. Tell your date that she is lucky to have you as an escort. 4. Check wraps on arrival and then lose check. 5. Never dance too long with your date, but pick a better looking babe. 6. Pick a good spot in the Sweet Shop and go into a real elbow-bend-ing bull-session with the boys. 7. Last but not least ask her if she wants another date with you— but be careful how you say it. * * * * / Ohio State laboratories buy and use 5,000 frogs a year at fifteen cents each. * * ♦ * One early academy in Caldwell County, N. C., used to require that students get written permission from the faculty to buy liquor. * * * * The University of Pittsburgh has one of the youngest de^ns in American colleges. She is Miss F. McLaughlin, 21, assistant dean of women. She was popular as a student on the campus two years ago. * * * * Robert Taylor has donated $250 to Stanford University for a study of the psychology of the theatre. * * * * Lovers of pure English will gnash their teeth and bite their tongues when they see the piew college campus dictionary compiled by Dean Edward Lauer, of the University of Washington. For in it they will learn that when a student says “Pm taking my fever Frau to a cement mixer in a tintype,” he really means he’s taking his “heart-hastener to a swing-ses-sion in a wheeled-tub,” or just taking his girl to a dance in a car. * * * * A long-winded panhandler left himself wide open when he approached Fred Fagal, Union College student, for some money: “Pardon me,” he said. “Without offending you in any way .. . .” But Fagal cut in: “Can you lend me a quarter?” “I was just going to ask you,” he said and walked away mumbling.
Co-eds Drive To Oxford Today For Swim Party Women attending the Summer Session will journey to Oxford this afternoon for Ja swimming party. The affair is sponsored by the department of physical education for women, which invites all co-eds in schopl to attend. Any women desiring to attend the party are requested to sign up on the bulletin board of the Women’s Gymnasium, stating whether^ they desire transportation. The group will leave the gymnasium at 3 o’clock this afternoon.
Looking Backward
July 12, 1936 Over 4,000 students and townspeople join in the second outdoor sing in Ross-Ade Stadium.
Letters to the Editor
(Editor’s Note: Here ia another letter from Dorothea Justin, a junior science student of Purdue and an Associate Co-ed Editor on the Exponent, \rho is enrolled in summer school at the University of Michigan). * July 14, 1937, Ann Arbor, Mich. Dear Rip: Women in the University of Michigan really have grand accommodations after they get into them. The new WRH at Purdue is lovelier than either Betsy Barbour or Jordan Halls, but it doesn’t exceed Martha Cook dorm here. This large brick hall was given by a Michigan big shot in memory of his mother. The man had definite and charming ideas about young ladies. For instance, he believed that if they were surrounded by lovely things they would grow more lovely themselves. As a consequence, he had all the rooms furnished with good furniture, and made the drawing room, living rooms, and dining halls as beautiful as possible. Make Their Own Music Young ladies, Mr. Cook felt, should make their own music. For that reason, he stipulated that no radios could be used in the building. Instead he provided two music rooms, one on the first flobr and one on the third for practicing. The first floor music room is a show place. There the young ladies entertain guests, by playing on the magnificient old grand piano. All walnut, carved with cupids, hearts and lovers’ knots, the enormous piano is a curiosity that all guests want to see. The tones are good, and a thoroughly enjoyable concert can be given on it, the caretaker says. Another unusual feature is the large garden full of flowers during the blooming season. The women are encouraged to pick them in moderation. If they desire to grow some flowers, they may obtain permission and instructions from the gardener, and enjoy themselves in their private garden the whole spring and fall. Fight For Privilege To live in the Martha Cook dorm is a fought-for privilege. No freshmen are permitted to live in this hall their first semester. Occupants are chosen on scholarship, personality, and campus activities record. An average of B or better must be maintained by the girls living in the house. B here is close to A at Purdue. However, Martha Cook girls are among the most popular girls of the University. The heavy studying doesn’t make them lose their sense of fun or charm. This pleasant place lies across the street from the white limestone library of American historical documents, catty-cornered from the president’s home, opposite the wonderful Law Quadrangle, and behind the School of Architecture. Apparently Michigan women think it has a good location. The bes^ dorm on the campus, and tops in nearly everything, it hit sky high in my estimation because of the tall, symmetrical, hazy blue spruce trees in the garden and near the house. That added to the rest, was almost perfection. Delightfully impressed, Dorothea.
‘A goblin giggled with fiendish glee. A shout rang out from the old banshee. ... please don’t bite me, love bug.” Wot ho, a party every nite in summer school . . . you don’t believe it? You should have seen the Pi Phis at Ideal Beach Satidy nite . . . the Sigs weer present enmasse, too, but we won’t mention it..,. Virgin Folly I’ve never been dated, They said if I waited I’ve never been kissed, No man could resist The lure of a pure and innocent miss The trouble is this ... I’m fifty. (Snitched from the Daily Illini.) Since we began with a song, we’ll end with a song. . . . “Rain. Wen’s it gonna rain again—” And here in Perdueville the State Street gang from across the tracks (streetcar) turned on a gooder the same night... if the fidelts needed the publicity we might pop for the <]etails, if we didn’t mind being hunted down.... One of the most desperate feeling that we have come in contact with so far is that starvation feeling which comes after you become positive that the people at the next table (now being served) came here (Hutton’s) after you.... PROSPECTIVE SENIORS Don’t degrade yourself before the underclassmen with futile effort next fall. Grow a trial senior mustache at summer school. Classes in the art of mustache coaxing daily at 6 a. m. (quick before breakfast). Ester line at Sigma Nu House —Paid .^dv.
NEWS since SUNDAY
GRIN AND PEAR IT
By Lieliiy
Washington Friend and enemy alike were shocked yesterday morning in Washington as news spread among breakfast tables of Democratic Senator Joseph T. Robinson’s deqth. Heart failure stopped the long and potent career of the Arkansas boy who rose in 24 years on Capitol Hill to become most able Democratic leader in the senate. President Roosevelt’s most powerful roller of legislative logs. As majority leader of the senate since 1933, Senator Robinson jammed through New Deal laws in record time. He was the key man in the administration’s drive to reform the judiciary. Tuesday, the 66 i?Bar old legislator harangued senators opposing the amended court reform bill. Today, with its champion dead, the strongly opposed bill may meet any fate. Labor Labor’s drive to throttle steel production and make steelmen squeal faltered last week. Temporary truces, military protection for mills, and clamoring workmen set millwheels turning and boosted national production 15.4 points to 82.7. The fourteenth and fifteenth workers to die during the steel strike met death Monday from militia guns during a bitter fight at Massillon, 0. Monday also, C. I. O.’s leader, John L. Lewis, opened a drive to bring federal government employes into the union fold. President Roosevelt warned that collective bargaining under the Wagner act cannot be extended to federal employes. C. I. 0. officials triumphantly issued a union charter to 15,000 government workers who broke away from the old A. F. of L. union. They plan to canvass the country for more members. Federal employes with the right to hire or fire, or in the military service are ineligible. Aviation Soviet airmen buzzed over the world’s bald pate from Moscow to the United States again this week. When a leaky gas tank brought the trio down near San Jacinto, Cal., early Wednesday morning, they climbed out of their single motored monoplane. Dead tired, they were at heart triumphant. Their airhop of 6,700 miles set a new long distance flight record. Another long flight made recently, ends far from triumphantly this week. Saturday, the navy announces, ends the search for the end of Amelia Earhart’s disastrous flight — the “somewhere” in the south Pacific ocean where her monoplane ran out of fuel. Foreign Peiping, ancient capital of China, was the center of bitter fighting Tuesday as Nationalist troops struck back at the long tyrannical Japanese who have been invading China since 1931 and inflicting punishment for so-called anti-Japanese incidents. Nationalist soldiers skirmished with passing troops and forced them to retreat. Heavy fighting continued throughout the day. China declared Japan is carrying out a premediated plan to make North China a second Manchuria, puppet to Japan.
I LOVEYOU but..."
The strange, tangled romances of men. ..and women ... in white . -. made by M-G-M into one of the great thrill pictures of 1937.
4 Days Starting SUNDAY tUMA
NOW PLAYING Double Feature Ray Milland in “Wings Over Honolulu” ■—Plus— • It Tony Martin in “Sing and Bo Happy”
“I dunno—I guess he’s yours if nobody calls for him in 30 days.”
This week, Gen. Francisco Franco, Spanish rebel chief, declared ahead of time, that he would demand a complete Loyalist surrender. He denied bombing towns inhabited by civilians, blamed Loyalists collectively for every crime in Spain since the revolution started, and asserted he has sufficient supplies to end the war victoriously. Heat The heat wave that laid a simmering atmospheric ocean over the midwest and Atlantic seaboard nine days ago remained untempered this week by intermittent heavy rains. Weathermen predicted little relief from either temperatures near 100 or from rain. By today, 360 persons were dead from the heat, the water and the lightning. Music America’s lowly Tin Pan Alley and highhat concert stage lost a contributor of acclaimed genius when George Gershwin died in Hollywood Sunday. Mr. Gershwin, the man who made jazz respectable throughout the world, was the composer of the well known “Rhapsody in Blue,” and music to the opera “Porgy and Bess.” Dead at the age of 38, he leaves music which, critics assert, gives concert dignity to popular music, weds jazz to the classics.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ARC TODAY — PKI. ■— SAT.
John Wayne and Bob Livingston in “Sea Spoilers” —and— Ray Corrigan and Sid Saylor in “Three Mesquiteers”
SUNDAY — MONDAY The Great Ziegfield
Poy Eye Cartoon
Travel-talk
COMING ATTRACTIONS TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY Claire Trevor and Eric Linden in “Career Woman” William Boyd and Jimmy Ellison in “TRAIL DUST”
HTS A neimNG mamne with his PAISI -fc -A- HE'S A SIH6IHG HE-MAH WITH HIS GAIS!
Seetap-Mugeant LEE DIXON lead fail bat*^ Mlloaof beaup’ tniMnirtbydimii
Starts
SUNDAY
Coolest spot
in town
NOW PLAYING Edward G. ROBINSON in Thunder in the City”
MARfVJ*! ' C-
iVfi ■> !i> Ji"' ,?;''' j*f ^ 1^/ ( f
Thursday, Jfnly 15,19^?
WBAA
-TODAY—
11:00—Charlotte !Friend Stewart 11:16—Birth of the News 11:80—^Dorothy Holden—piano 11:60—Purdue News Plashes 12:00—Give Us A Song 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time 12:80—The Story Lady— Catharine Parlon 12:46—Market and Weather Reports 1:00—^Arsene Summers—contralto 1:16—Melody Review 1:80—Janet Ford—^reader 1:46—Chats with the Housewife 2 ;00—Albert Schnaible—organist 2:16—Radio Travel Review 2:80—Betty Stuecher—^pianist 2:46—^Tune Tips
—TOMORROW— 11:00—^Urban Sociology—^T. K. Nobs. 11:60—^Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Fortm 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time 12:80—Athletic Review—Bob Heine 12146—Market and Weather Reports 1 ;00—Frank Triboulet—tenor 1:16—Men of Vision— Theodore Roosevelt 1,:80—Carolyn Wood—soprano 1:46—IVping School bf the Air 2:00—Melody Time » 2:16—British Isles» , v, 2:80—Harold Schulte—tenor 2:46—^Tune Tips —SATURDAY— 11:00—Just Kids 11:80—4-H Club Program 12:00—Market Reports 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time 12:80—Footnotes on the Headlines 12:46—^Vocational Guidance— C. £. Dammon 1:00—Radio Stage 1:80—Tune Time—Charles Powell 1:46—Saturday Musical Review
Sings New Songs
Dick Powell in the new musical, '‘The Singing Marine,” sings 6 new song hits in the picture at the Mars Sunday.
REFRESHINGLY COOL
AND COMFORTABLE
Starts Today Double Feature
m
fgiSr' uSS&j
Th«n A«r«*« yourfatttnin aNUTthM:
Amuwithabte mouth ia coming inM your Hfe, ana
One Big Howl!
With •UMIMN MARSH FRED KEATINQ
C06ARKEHNEOY
—PLUS— First Run Feature
Conrad Nagel As "G” Man i O’Connor in a thrilling action drama of modern crime!
4%^
MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
Jack OAKIE
Ann SQTHERN
‘‘Super Sleutb”
fielder * ....ch
’s.... I oice I h.iii-i.i.ii.....#
By Don Bailey Since the beginning of baseball in Cooperstown, N. Y., in 1893, fans have never been able to decide whether a good pitcher is more important than a good batter or whether a good batter is more important than a good pitcher. Sports writers not only disagree on this issue, but as yet have failed to produce any tangible evidence for either side. —fc— We will attempt to reveal some of the more interesting facts that we have found whi\e making a recent study of this question. Prom the first it must be remembered that the survey is not at all a complete one. » —-f<^— Since the'era of modern baseball, which dates back to 1900, only Ty Cobb, A1 Simmons, Beaumont, Hans Wagner, Eddie Roush, Chick Hafey and Paul Waner have won batting championships while playing with pennant winners. The latter five played in the National League. eBaumont, . Wagner, . and ..Waner turned the trick while playing with the Pittsburgh Pirates. Lou Gehrig, who is leading the American League at the present time, will undoubtedly be the third member of the Junior Loop to join this charmed few should he win the batting crown this year. * —^fc— In 1932 when the Chicago Cubs won the National League race they failed to place a batter among the first five in the league, but for pitchers completing 20 or more games they took first and third position. In the same year the best the Yankees, winners in the American League, could do was to place a batter third. However, their pitchers ranked first, second and third. It should also be remembered that in the same year the Yankees gave the Cubs the worst World Series trimming that a National League team has ever received. —^fc— Three years later while winning the pennent these same Cubs placed batters no higher than third, but once again had a pitcher at the top of hisLdf!partnt.ent. At the same tim^ the Tigers won the American crown with no batter above fifth spot in the league. A Tiger pitcher however did lead the American League pitchers. —fc— Despite the fact that the lively ball is still being used we maintain that a good pitcher is worth more to a team than a good batter. The foregoing facts do not altogether prove this to be the case, but they do substantiate to a certain degree that some evidence points in that direction. —^fc— An attempt to forestall the use of ineligible players in American Lea-
C. CARTER for
Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Keys Duplicated
PHONE 2291 State ft Main W. Lafayette
mm-
Sunday — Monday
NOW PLAYING Double Feature Jack Holt
in
“Trouble in Murocco” —PLUS— The Jones Family In “Big Business”
Any Seat >
15c
Time
ThIE j^tlRDlTE EXPONENT
Chem Students Spank Faculty
Softhallers In Fwinbill, 2-0, 2-1
By Dick Obenchain
"Hey Nolting, you qnd Uegering get together on this,” is the spirit with which Doc Hunt diplomatically handled the difficult task of umpiring the double header softball games between the chemical engineering students and faculty which the students swept, 2 to 0 and 2 to 1, yesterday afternoon on Stuart Field.
The first game was five innings long and was played with a 12-inch ball. Kriedbaum blanked the faculty while his student teammates scored in the second and third innings to give him a two run margin. The winning run of the game was scored by “Cornfiakes” Miller, a faculty member who played with the student team.
Neither Team Scores
The second game was played with a 14-inch ball at the request of the instructors, exponents of the larger ball. But, alas, the faculty took it on the chin again. At the end of the regular five innings neither team had been able to push across a run and the game went into extra innings.
The faculty finally managed to score a single tally in the first of the seventh but this only served to add spark to the student attack. Hits by Devaney, Kriegbaum and Ashkenaz in the last of ^he seventh scored two runs to win the game, third hit of the inning.
Campus Billiard Tourney Begins
Although all the entries are not complete, the Summer Session billiard tournaments are rapidly approaching a conclusion as those who have already signed up are plajring off their matches. In rotation pocket billiards Gingrich is in the lead with three wins against no defeats. Milvo and Kirkpatrick have each won two games, while Shell and Heine have captured a single game apiece. D. M. Boatright is leading the straight rail contest with three wins. Hanson and Kirkpatrick are next with a victory apiece. Tie For Lead Boatright is tied with Brush for the lead in the three cushion tournament with three victories. Hanson and Stinebaugh are second with two wins. There are several entrants in each class who haye not yet played and there is also still room for anyone who wishes to enter these events. But in order to take advantage this opportnuity, all biliard players will have to sign up for thim before noon Saturday.
gue Junior baseball this year is seen in the requirement that all team members must not only be photographed but also fingerprinted. —^fc— Rumors have it that Mrs. Helen Wills Moody, former world’s tennis champion, will soon seek a divorce from her husband, Frederick S. Moody, Jr.; and that Soldier’s Field, Chicago, will be the scene of a return match between Joe Louis and Maxie Schmeling sometime in September or October. *
Ross Gamp Baseball Nine Chalk Up 10-8 Win Over Greenhill
The Ross Camp baseball team chalked up its third victory out of four starts, by edging out the Greenhill nine, 10 to 8, on the Campers’ diamchid Sunday afternoon in a seven inning game.
Jim Zachary, Ross Camp captain, annexed the hitting honors for the game, by smashing out three doubles and getting a walk, for a perfect day at bat. The only home run of the game was made by Robbinette, Greenhill first baseman, in the first inning with one man on base. Strikes Out Nine
M. Shiff, camp pitcher, who held the Summer Session team to three hits in last week’s game, allowed seven hits and struck out nine men, while Franklin, Greenhill pitcher, gave up only six hits, but walked six men and hit three more with pitched balls. This afternoon, the campers will try to stretch their winning streak to four straight games when they play the Summer School nine at 4 o’clock on the varsity diamond on Intramural Field.
The score by innings: Greenhill .. .. 200 301 2 8 7 3 Ross Camp... 302 302 x 10 6 8
Seven Science Grads Obt€dn Employment; Four Continue Study
Seven 1937 graduates of the University science school have recently obtained employment. Marjorie Charles, W. Lafayette, will work as technician at Ottumwa Hospital, Ot■tamwa, la.; Wayne Gift, Akron, O., at the Goodrich Rubber Co., Akron; Arthur Milward, of Mercersville, N. J., will teach at the West Point, Ind., high school; J. C. Sample, Lafayette, and J. H. Whipple, Mt. Vernon, are employed by Sears Roebuck and Co., Chicago; Sara Schaaf, Lafayette, at Blocks’ store ip Indianapolis; and H. W. Tipps, Salem, will be an assistant in the University physics department. Continue Studies Four graduates who will continue their studies at the University and elsewhere are Nellie Greenburg, W. Lafayette, winner of the Gold Pepper scholarship, will enroll in the graduate school here; R. B. Greenburg, Indianapolis, will go to Pennsylvania State College, at State College, Pa.; R. F. Royster, Lafayette, holds a scholarship to the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Mich; L. R. Steele, Lafayette, will enroll in the Indiana University Medical School at Bloomington.
132 Vine St., West Lafayette
641 Main St.» Lafayette
QUALITY SERVICE
is given every garment cleaned or laundered at the American Laundry. Your summer clothes receive the exacting and thorough care you want them to have.
Call 3085
American Laundry
Baseball STANDINGS National League W. L. Pet. New York 47 29 .619 Chicago 46 28 .616 Pittsburgh 40 33 .549 St. Louis 39 33 .642 Boston 46 41 .464 Brooklyn 31 41 .430 Cincinnati 29 43 .403 Philadelphia 29 46 .387 American League New York 48 22 .686 Boston 41 28 .694 Chicago 44 31 .687 Detroit 42 30 .684 Cleveland 36 34 .607 Washington 30 39 .435 St. Louis 22 48 Sli Philadelphia 20 60 .286 YESTERADY’S RESULTS National League Cincinnati 6, Brooklyn 3 Boston 2, Chicago 1 New York 4, Pittsburgh 2 St. Louis at Philadelphia—Rain American League New York 10, Detroit 2 Chicago 6, Philadelphia 4 Cleveland 11, Washington 3 Boston 15, St. Louis 6
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Firit Romidb of CfliiipaM
Towtaefs Begin Monddsf
Schedules for the All CrnDptlw tennis, hadmintoit, tnhie tennis, andf golf toumaments were annetinced yes^day hy the Intramural de^ parOn^t. 'Fhe first round of the first three muni^s and the qualifying round of the^gQll,toum^ must be played by next Monday. All Campus Tennis Hufford vs Billings; Legg vs Little; Pogue vs Martin; Templeton vs Greiner; Allen vs Monro.
All Campos Badminton Cerda vs Certucha; Duval vs Van Bibber; Billings vs Blandon; Stafford vs Allen. All Campus Table Tennis Billings vs Greiner; Woletich vs Hendler; Ashkenaz vs Roqnemore; Allen vs Fields.
All Campos Golf Mackey vs Snowball; Bumbam vs Greiner; Allen vs Walkowiak; Stafford vs Legg; Elward vs Taube.
PATRONIZE PURDUE
EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
4081
will bring yon one of the courteous West Side Cleaners’ drivers and the thorough satisfactory West Side cleaning service that will always please.
WEST SIDE CLEAHERS
DIAL 4081
DELIVERY SERVICE Northwestern at Vine
"DOC" ADVISES NEW SURROUNDINGS
FOR TIRED MINDS
When books seem to be getting the best of you and you feel tied to your desk, it's time to let up for a while. A change, a little recreation, will do much to give your mind a rest.
"Doc" advises new surroundings. We suggest
The Billiard Room
or
The Bowling Alleys
in the
Purdue Memnrial Union
Corner^ of the Campus--Yet the Center of Aetivttiea
u t
J? l\ /
’44.^
•iV
7
7
/
4
5W ROTC Students Explore Camrns Of Mammoth Cave
By J. E. Brock M*n«a4n( Editor, The Exponent Fort Knox, Ky., July 12—^Yesterday about 500 R. O. T. C. boys from here drove down in an army convoy to Mammouth Cave and took a long walk and squirm through several miles of tunnels and caverns. As we approached the entrance of the cave, we were given lanterns to carry—^they weren’t much good, but the light cast by the guide’s gasoline torches really brightened up the darkest recesses of the cave. Outside it was uncomfortably warm. As we entered we were afraid that we would freeze, but throughout the entire trip the temperature did not vary from 54° F.; consequently, we were not made uncomfortable by the cold. Walk Four Miles The cave is really very impressive. We walked for four miles underground, took a boat trip, and walked some more; yet we were made to realize that we had traversed but a very small part of the cavern. Our guide was an odd personage; his unexpected witticisms, queer accent and habit of inserting an “and” between parts of a date (as “18 and
C.” CARTER for K^s, Locks, Bicycles, Bobber Stamps GENERAL REPAIRING State * Main, W. Lafayette 2291—PHONE—2291
12” for 1812) brought many a chuckle from the boys. He could throw a kerosene flare into absolute blackness and hit a tiny hole in the rock wall a hundred feet or more, in order to illuminate it for us, without a miss. When the flares dropped, they seemed as if they would never stop dropping. Holes in the floor hundreds of feet deep were shown to os in this manner. Tortuous passages had special names: the “corkscrew,” the “fat man’s misery,” the “taU man’s misery” were a few of these. The spacious rooms which followed were also named; one was known as “great relief hole.” On the way down, we stopped at Lincoln’s birthplace, which is quite an impressive spot. At the cave we had an army dinner of cold chicken. On the way home, the boys stood up in the trucks and waved to the Kentucky “chickens” most of whom waved back. The only thing that marred the trip was the fact that we rode in CCC trucks and many of the people we encountered referred to us R. 0. T. C.’s as C. C. C.’s. The pity of it all.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119^ Vine Went Lafayette Phoma 4965
COLD DRINKS for WARM PEOPLE Dad’s Plaee . . So Haady
are always correct. Let Clark’s help you select the most appropriate flower for the occasion. Clark Floral Co. 527 Main St. Phone 5432 We Telegrraph Flowers.
miE gPlWWnE SlBtfiyB.fitBOWlCTm
—-
Enginee^f At J^oss Civil Camp Pause for Final Exams By Kenneth Houston Exponent Staff Correspondent Ross Camp, July 14 — Familiar cram sessions have begun here at camp for a final examination over the first half of the camp work Thursday. At camp nearly all of the work, except tests, is done by parties, not individually. On the first day of camp, everybody was assigned to a party of either six or seven men, and these groups remain the same for the rest of the summer. In the barracks where everyone sleeps, party members are all assigned to adjacent bunks, so that they are together almost all of the time. Each member of a party is chief one day out of the week, and it is his duty to appoint the rest of the gang their various jobs for the day. Time To Switch , The work at camp is divided into two parts—topographicail surveying and highway location. Nine of the 17 parties are taking the topographical surveying first, and the other eight are taking the highway location first. Tomorrow marks the midpoint of summer instruction and each division will switch for the remainder of camp. Except for the interruptions by rain, unexpected quizzes, etc., life here is nearly a routine. The first bell is rung at 6:30 a. m.—^the camp is running on daylight saving time —breakfast is served at 7, roll is called at 7:45, and work begins at 8 o’clock. At noon, lunch is served, and work begins again at 1 o’clock and continues until 4:30. Dinner is served at 5:30. Working hours run at all times, and night lectures fall on short notice, and with great regularity on nights when there is a mixer in town. ^ Old Saying Holds Nevertheless, the old saying, all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy, holds—even out here. At present, two tournaments are in progress—baseball and billiards. In the billiard tournament, there are 32 two-man teams entered; while in baseball there is a league of eight teams. The swimming pool and a pingpong table also offer enjoyable diversions. It is a custom that the fellows each year erect something to improve the camp for those who follow them; our improvement project is the building of a tennis court.
Sportswear and Leather Jackets McGregor sport swrts, Sweaters and Slacks—Save Now! /
i
f^AL^Fpi^NIAN ^^ather
Jackets for Men and Women—Save Npw!
ALLEN - A Sport Shirts forWoni^i^—SayeNo^l /
, Vsoti
SPECUL NOTICE Baseball Players and Team Managers Over 200 Baseball Bais—Values to $2.50-^pecia|
50c
ea.
MS*5S0
DECKER’S
Yqu need Crowtl Pe)?Yice MQRE in Summer than any other time
More soiled clothes because of light apparel — perspiration. You can depend on Crown for rapid service. Crown Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Sale Of Religious Books Ranks Third In Classifications By Mrs. L. W. Josselyn Browaingr Room Librarian The current issue of The Saturday Review ef Literature has an informative article titled “Who Reads Religious Books,” by Charles W. Ferguson, associate editor of The Reader’s Digest, and formerly a religious book publisher. It is interesting to note that “of all the new books published in America in 1936, there were more in the classification of Religion than in any other classification save fiction and juveniles.” Although it is a novel with a religious theme rather than a book on religion, the author of this article comments upon the sale of “Magnificient Obsession,” by Lloyd C. Douglas, which has topped the quarter of a million mark, and is still selling well. Ferguson says that many books of religious type are written mainly for the professional trade, and he makes some interesting com-
You’U be dollars ahead if you have those “little troubles” in your car taken care of as soon as they appear. A periodic check-up will save much annoyance as well SIS lessen the upkeep on your car.
, 24 Hour Service I Peter Anderson
ments upon the fact that preachers buy books as a part of the tools of their craft. He states two cases, one where a young fellow just finishing his schooling and earning $129 by assisting at revival meetings spent other during his first six months of nearly half of this for books; anservice on a total salary of $147.60 spent $48 for books. Laity Never Sees Some of these religious books, the laity never sees, but others are very popular with all types of people. “The Christ of The Indian Road,” by E. Stanley Jones, has exceeded more than a quarter of a
million copies in its sale, and his later books, “Christ of Every Road” and “Christ at the Round Table,” are almost equally as popular. Two other authors very well known are Dr. Harry Emerson Fosdick and Dr. Gains Glenn Atkins. The Purdue Browsing Room has “The Modern Use of the Bible,” by the former and “Procession of the Gods,” by Atkins, a book on corntense sympathy and understanding, parative religions, written with in-
ARB YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT!
SPECIAL PRICES! IDENTIFICATION PICTURES 25c Doz. AND UP (Double Weigrht Paper) We Do Anything in Photography at Lowest Prices. See A. JACOBSON, 709 Main St.
DON’T bother me! He’s Taking me to the student’s favorite cafe WHEELER’S LUNCH
420 MAIN ST.
ALWAYS OPEN
SPORT SHIRTS AND SLACKS
Be c^ol and comfor^ble in sport shirts and slacks and still present a “dressed” appearance.
Spor^ Shirts 50c-$1.95
Slacks $1.95-$8.00