V , I' !
CROSS COUNTRY ' ( Team Faces State Meet With One Loss
IpIT COMMENTS On CJass Absences Ruling By Goldsmith
Established 1889
Volume 55, No. 40
I .Pil«4ue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday November 5, 1942
University Will HpRQr Dads With Full Program
Schedule Includes Luncheon, Smoker
Registration For l^eligigus k Begins This Afternoon In Union
Empha$i$ University
Offers Nevr
Students A^ay Schedule Semii^ars; Groups Limited Registration for Religious Emphasis Week, which starts on Sunday, will be held in the main lobby of the Union this afternoon from 3 until 6, this evening from 7 until 9, and tomorrow afternoon from 3 until 5. Since each session will be limited to a group of 50, students should register as promptly as possible
for the seminars they wish to attend.
Each afternoon from 4 until 5 through next week, there will be five different seminars, ——
supervised by different leaders who will discuss the following topics according to tVieir personal interpretations: “Religion and Life’s Adjustment”, “Basis of a .lusL and Durable Peace,” “Bible in a Modern General ion,” “What Can I Believe,” and “Chris-
tian Home Making-”
Speakers will include Rev. Max Adams; Rev. Eugene Durham, pa.stor at Northwestern University; Dr. Kiel Bollinger, Executive for Methodist Students of the country; Di'. C. P. Harry, Executive of the United Lutherans; Mrs. C. E. Sandefur, State Dean of the Sunshine Society; Rev. W. E. Clark; and Rev. E. W. Dunlevy, former president of Iliff School of Theology. Bishop Titus Lowe, of Indianapolis, and Rev. Samuel Carruth will also attend the
conference.
Wildman Is Guest Speaker • Rev. Gene Balsley, A1 Goodrich, and Martha Jane Gettinger, assisted
Reed To Speak At Ticketholders
Jan Savitt Will Appear
At Pep Session Band To Play Outside Union Tomorrow At 7:15 Sweet swing' via Jan Savitt and his Top Hatters will add zest and color to the cheers of the University eds and coeds as they gather in front of the Union at 7:15 p. m. tomorrow for the pep session prior
to the Great Lakes game.
Making' his first appearance on the campus, Jan Savitt, “The Stokowski of Swing”, consented to provide the musical background for the customary pre-game outbreak" of Boilermaker spirit. As no parade is planned, the Top Hatters will be able to spice the entire program which is to be presented fi'om
))y student and faculty committees, the terrace on the southwest corner
have planned the week’s program which includes several special events. On Sunday night fiom 7:30 to 8:30 in Fowler Hall there will be a convocation at which President C. E. Wildman of DePauw university will be the guest speaker. Dick Kohls will preside and the Concert Choir will sing. Other convocations and banquets have also been planned and will be announced later. University To Handle Gasoline Rationing Of All Employees The University will handle its own gasoline rationing, which is in line with WPB ordci-s and also the request of Governor Sohricker, that all concerns with 100 or moic ejiiployeos take charge of the r.'itioning program within their own oiganizations. The I'ationing piogram as now outlined applies to every one of (he Univei'sity staff, including olUcei's, instructors, researcli workers, and every employee. Because of the federal orders, eveiydne on the University payroll will obtain his ration card thiougli the institution j'ather than Ihrough any other
agencies or persons.
A transportation advisory committee has been created within the University with Henry B. Abbett, purchasing agent, as chairman. Other inembcrs are L. E. Hoffman, as.sociato director of agricultui al extension; R. T. Hamilton, superintendent of the physical plant; Prof. George Spencer, of the agricultural engineering staff, and Verle Overman of the Cary Halls staff. This committeo will actually be the ra-
tioning committee.
As its first step, the committee is preparing a transportation survey sheet to be sent to everyone on the staff’. This survey sheet will provide essential data on driving needs of each (oerson and will be the basis for action by the committee on any reiiuests for gasoline allowance above the four g'allon weekly allotment. The survey sheets will be distributed during the next few days so the University may be organized in advance of the actual start of the rationing program on Nov. 22.
of the Union. Speaking honors for the evening will go to line coach Mel Taube, an,d to game-captain Frank Ruggieri, Both are expected to say “Amen” to the hopes and prayers of the students for another display of that team-form which they saw in the Northwestern game. A tumbling act by two members of the yellsquad, and the rousing cheers of the team boosters led by head yell leader, Bruce Adams, will complete the program. Although there are no prizes offoi'cd, organizations are encouraged to bring banners and .sign.s. U. S. Naval Station Reports Arrival Of New Diesel Class Fifty-one naval officcj's reported r'ecently at the Naval Training Station here to Iregin ten weeks’ training in the theory, maintenance, and opei'ation of diesel engines. The foui'th class to I ejiort, it makes a total of 101 officers now in tiaining. Two classes have already graduated. Included in this class aie twelve lieutenants, fourteen lieutenants junioi-gi ade, and twenty-five ensigns. Following their training at the University, these men will be assigned to diesol-jiowered ships as engineer officeis. 1'ho course covers 238 hours of lectuie and supei vised study and 152 hours of laboratory wo,rk. Classes liegan on last Tues-
day.
Company six, consisting of two hundred bluejackets who arrived last week, begin classes Monday. These classes will continue for sixteen weeks, and will train the men to become electricians mates, third class, Lt. Commander Herbert Hart, USNR, commanding officer, is in chaige of naval administration. Professor C. W. Beese is in charge
of the University war
lice.
Annual Nutrition School Joday Meetings Deal With War Livestock Supply The thii’d'annual Nutrition School will open here this afternoon with an address by Dean of Agriculture, II. J. Reed, on the “Responsibility of the Livestock Industry in the War Effort”. Discussions and lecture.s today and tomorrow will deal with the technical considerations of efficient livestock feeding to insure a greater qua'iitity and quality of livestock for the United Nations’
food supply.
F. K. Sale First Speaker Beginning with a speech by Fred K. Sale, secretary of the Indiana Grain Dealers’ Association, on the “Responsibility of the Feed Manufacturer to the Livestock Industry” talks will pel tain to swine feeding practices in the present emergency, efficient use of available feeds for sheep, minerals for livestock, and rations for beef cattle dpring the war emergency. Dr. G. Bohstedt, of the University of Wisconsin; Dr. C. L. Shiewsbury, agricultural chemist. Profs. F. G. King, C. M. Vestal, J, W. Schwab, P. T. Brown and Claude Haipei, and Henry Mayo, all University livestock experts, will speak. Prof. J. Holmes Martin, head of Poultry Husbandry, wall be the toastmaster for the eyening dinner which wijl feature a talk by Prof. J. C. Bottum of the Agricultui al Experiment Station on “Feeding
the World”.
Doty To Preside Tomorrow Presiding pver tomorrow’s session which will include speeches and discussions on fundamental nutrition problems of the livestock industry in the war emergency, meeting the niiti itive requiremeaits of poultry with the feeds available, and getting the most out of dairy cows with the feed on hand, will be acting head of Agricultui al Chemistiy, D. M. Doty. Speakers foi the day will include Dr. G. Bohstedt, and Profs. C. W. Garrick, S. M. Ilauge, J. H. Hilton and E. A. Gannon, and L. A. Wilhelm. “Emergency Problems of the Feed Industry” discussed by Lyman Peck, secretary of the Nutrition Committee of the American Feed Maiiufactuiors’ Association, will be the closing topic of the'afternoon session and of the Nutrition School. Pi of. P. B. Curtis of the Ag Experiment Station will preside. Tau Kappa Alpha To Air Manpower Problems On WBAA
Urged ToOrder Ball Corsages Scabbard And Blade Will Present Initiates All ticketholders who failed to order a war stamp corsage for use at the Military Ball, November 13, were urged to place orders promptly at the Cashier’s Office in the Executive Building by the Military Ball Committee yesterday. The request was also made to special guests at
the dance.
The provision for placing late orders was made in order that the small numbep.who have not ordered
corsages may receive them along neering, will teach the class,
with dance programs next Wednesday, according to Al Jackson, com-
mittee chairman.
Strictly Formal Affair
Military Ball this year will again aftei noons. The course taught by be a strictly formal affair. Cadet Robert Raudebaugh trains men and officers in unifoi m will wear regula- women in the use of the microscope tion tan shirts with their regular to study the effect of heat treating uniform, with the wearing of either and working on the internal strucblack or tan ties being optional. ture of metals. It should appeal esThe wartime atmosphere of the pecially to employees of Lafayette dance this year will be compli- industries engaged in manufactur-
War Course
Study To Cover Use Of Metals Organization meeting for
men and women interested in University war training classes will be held in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops tonight at 7. Registrations will be accepted for classes in elementary physical metallurgy, metallographic laboratory practice,
and production engineering.
Elementary physical metallurgy is a course in the internal structure of metals and methods commonly employed in their examination. It provides a background in metallurgy for persons interested in pre-
paring for work in the metallui'gy P^^Wic speaking and is the fii'st and
of aluminum or inspection of metals. John Ciborski of the School of Metalurlgy and Chemical Engi-
By Becky Caylor
Dads of University students will be honored this week end at the annual Dads’ Day program which will begin officially Saturday morning at 9 when the fathers will register in the
Great Hall of the Union.
A series of tours of the campus which will show the parents the various schools and sections of the campus will be con- ! ducted. The dads are urged to
select that particular tour which will give them a chance to see where John or Mary goes to class, and perhaps see the instructor who sent out that yellow slip that “doesn’t mean
a thing.”
At 11:45 Dads’ Day luncheon will be served in the South Ballroom of the Union. This affair is not only open to the dads„but also to the forgotten women of the day, the mothers, and the students. Professor Robert Phillips and Paul"Royster will preside, and Professor F. B. Knight will speak. Music for the luncheon will be furnished by*the Glee Club. Tickets foi' the luncheon will be sold for 75 cents.
Preliminary, Final Dates For fteveridge Speech Cpntest Set Cont'est Open To Freshman Men Only Time for the preliminaries and finals of the Beveridge Speech contest have been set as November 12 and November 24, respectively: The contest opens the University’s program of intramural competition in
best opportunity for freshman men
to enter debating' activities. Final-high spot of the afternoon
ists automatically become members of the freshman debating team. The
Classes Meet Saturday
The class in metallographic laboratory practice is a special class meeting- from 1 to 5 on Saturday
contest, which was formerly known as the Ankeny contest, is in its six-
teenth year.
Trophies for the contest are a silver cup, given as permanent possession to the freshipan winning the contest and known as the Hays Cup, and the Ankeny Cup, given for one year to the oi’ganization winning the largest number of points according to a scale. The speeches are to be on the top-
will come with the football game between the Boilermakers and the sailors from Great Lakes Naval Training Station, when the dads will have a chance to cheer for the team with their sons and daughters. The time after the game has been left free in order to allow the dads to attend dinners at the fraternities,
sororities, and the halls. Dads To Have Smoker
A smoker for the dads will be held in the east and west faculty lounges of the Union at 7 in the
pacplty Notice 'rhere’will bp a special meeting of the Faculty pn ^Thursday, .November 5, at 4 p. m., in HUza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is ex-
pected.
—EDWARD C. ELLIOTT
Tonight at 7:30 on WBAA, Tau Kappa Alpha will present the second in a scries of programs about the cm rent problems of our country. These programs are under the general title of “What Do You Think’?” with this week’s program bejng called “Manpower Mobiliza-
tion”.
Speakers will be T. R. Johnston, director of the University Buieau of Information; Glenn Huron, manager pf the Lafayette Office of the United States Employment Service, and Geoige M. Picka, graduate stu-
training of- dent and member of Tau Kappa Al-
pha. Robert L. Weiss will be the
student chairman.
The discussion will take in the official allocation of labor among the various needs; the numerical needs of the army, industry and agricultui c; how the army is to be filled: and what sources will remain for meeting other manpower needs after the army has been furnished.
mented by a display of army equipment now being used all over the campus, the exhibits ranging from various types and sizes of ordnance materiel to a jeep. Art Jarrett and his orchestra, composed almost entirely of the late Hal Kemp’s organization, will be featured on a program that will include a flag raising ceremony, grand march under an arch of sabers, and presentation of new initiates of Scabbard and Blade. Who's Who, America Lists Staff Members, Townspeople Besides the twenty students who wove lecently listed in the Who’s Who Among Students in American Universities and Colleges, several faculty membeis and a few townspeople wore listed in the 1942-1943 edition of the Who’s Who in Amer-
ica.
Heading the list was President E. C. Elliott, who is now in Washington, D. C. President Elliott was also in the last edition of the Who’s Who in America. Other faculty inembei's and townspeople who were listed are us follows: A. H. i(Mal) Elward, who was the head football coach for the University last year; Wm. M. Hepburn, librarian; W. A. Knapp, educatoi; Lark-IIorovitz, physics; IT. W. Marshall, publkity; D. E. Ro.ss, who invented the 'Rqss geai; Lynn A. Scipio, educator; E. II. Shideler, sociologist; Rev. T. F. Williams, clergyman; and Gilbert A. Young, Mechanical Engineering. Some of the other names that ap-
ics, “What Are We Fighting For?” evening. The program planned for
and “College Students and the Draft”. They should' be five minutes in length for the preliminaries and ten minutes in leng-th for the
finals.
Freshman men, organized and unorganized, only are eligible. Each organization may enter as many contestants as it wishes. The contestant must name the organization he represents before the contest if he wishes that organization to be given points for his placing. Entries must be made before 5 o’clock
(See WAR COURSE, page 4) Horticullural Show Will Open Tomorrow; To Stress Vitamins Flowers for the building of morale, fruit for victory, and vegetables for vitamins will be emphasized at the twenty-second annual
University Horticultural Show Wednesday, November 11, in Room
386 (Debate Office) in the Union. Further details may be obtained at the office of the University Debate Manager, Room 386 of the Union, or from house debate managers. State Parent-Teachers Hold Convention Here Delegates for the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers registered yesterday for a two day convention at the University. Theme for the annual Parents’ Institute was the wartime welfare and care of
this get-together is very informal, and prizes will be given to the bald-
(See DADS’ DAY, page 4) Former Aero Student
Pilots Willkie During
Recent Flight
which opens tomoirow through Sunday in the Horticultural Building. Prizes will be awarded for entries in the five departments, fruits, vegetables, flowers, nuts, and original horticultural exhibits. This year, emphasis vill be placed on the vitamin-giving fruits and vegetables. These products will be judged according to their quality,^ condition, and uniformity. Chrysanthemums will form a major part of the floriculture exhibits with more than a hundred of the newest vari-
eties on display.
Special Exhibits By Students The special exhibits entered by Univeisity students will be judged
according to their originality, ap- ychildren.
pearance, attractiveness, and educational value. Special demonstrations on apples and their preparation will bo given by students in the School of Home Economics. Members of the entomology department will show methods of bee keeping and pollination while other demonstrations will include new methods of pruning fruit trees and means of codling moth control. Judges selected for the show include Prof. F. C. Gaylord, for vegetables; Dr. M. McCown, for apples; W. B. Ward, for nuts; and Prof.
On his recent uight around the world, Wendell L. Willkie rode in the plane piloted by Capt.’John C. Wagner, former Mechanical Engineering student at the University. This fact was revealed by Capt. Wagner’s brother, Adam N. Wagner ’39, who is now on the poultiy
staff of the University.
Capt. Wagner left the University in August, 1940, at the end of his junior year to enlist in the Army Air Corps as a flying cadet. Although he was studying aei'onautical engineering', he had never been in a plane before, but his background of training stood his in good stead and he was commissioned a second lieutenant, rose rapidly to first lieutenancy, and then captaincy. He is at present a navigator in the Ferry Command stationed at Bowling Field, Washington, D. C. Capt. Wagner’s family is an allout University family. Five of the seven children hold degrees from the Univei'sity and the two others
poaied ill the recent edition of Who’s Ralph E. Roberts, Prof. W. 0. Mills,
Who in America were as follows: J. L. Bray, metallurgist; H. L. Creek, University professor; J. J. Davis, entomologist; R. G. Dukes, educator; H. E. Enders, dean of Science; J. A. Estey, economics; D. D. Ewing; M. L. Fisher; E. V. Greenfield, modern language; O. F. Hall, educator; F. C. Harding, Electrical Engineering; H. B. Hass, chemistry; G. L. Jenkins; C. B. Jordan; L. W. Josselyn, library director; F. B. Knight, professor of Education; L. V. Ludy; J. H. Martin; M. L. Matthews; G. S. Meikle; R. Phillips, government; H. P. Poorman; A. A. Potter; H. J. Reed, dean; H. H. Remmers; H. Rubenkoenig; L. M. Sears; R. N. Shreve; J. H. Skinner; H. L. Solberg; D. C. Stratton, former dean of women; and R. B.
Wiley, Civil Engineering’.
and Dr. H. 0. Deay for special exhibits. Maxine Runkle, senior floriculture student, is in charge of the show, assisted by Robert Skirin.
Wesley Foundation Sponsors Breakfast Wesley Foundation is sponsoring'^
a breakf’ast Sunday morning for all Roscoe Fraser
Methodist freshmen on the campus. All H’Gshmen are to meet in the West Lounge of the Union at 8 a. m. The group will go to the cafeteria where each person will buy what he wishes for his own meal. After the
Talks related to child care, equip-
ping the children of tomorrow, and responsibilities of parents were given by local and out-of-town leaders. The Lafayette Parent-Teacher Council and the Tippecanoe County
Council assisted with the registra- were former students
tion and entertainment of the wom-
en attending the Institute. Today’s session will include the
following speakers: Dr. Elizabeth D. Roseberry, professor of textile chemistry; Philena F. Palmer, professor of clothing; Amy 1. Bloye, head of department of foods and nutrition; Dr. A. A. Smith, professor of sociology; Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea, professor of psychology; Mrs. D. H. Patterson, homemaker; Mrs. Henry E. Ostrom, director of public relations, state department of education; and Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education and ap-
plied psychology.
.. . professor of horticulture, has been selected to serve as toastmaster for the sixteenth annual agricultural senior-alumni-faqulty dinner scheduled for Monday evening. No-
breakfast Beth Ludberg, Burlyn vember 16, it was announced by W.
Michel, Catherine Jane Warren and 0. Mills, chairman in charg'e of ur- ilar group; the nominee is then conWilbur Harrer will tell the group rangements. The “fish fry”, at sidered by the Grand Lodge. R. B. about the Weslej'' Freshman Com- which Professor Fraser will act as Wiley received the fifteenth award mission w'hich is to be organized “king fish” will be held in the Ag since the fraternity was founded in
soon. Engineering Building. 1864.
Theta Xi Fraternity Honors R. B. Wiley Ralph B. Wiley, head of the Civil Engineering School, was awarded the Distinguished Service Award by the Grand Lodge of Theta Xi fraternity on October 24. Professor Wiley is advisor of the Theta chap-
ter of Theta Xi.
The award, which is for outstanding service to the fraternity, was presented at the chapter house before alumni, active members, parents and guests by W. D. Hamerstodt, first member of Theta chapter. Hamerstodt, president of Rockwood Manufacturing Company, was graduated from the University in
1906.
In order to be eligible for the Distinguished Service Award, Theta Xis must be nominated by alumm groups, local chapters, or any sim-vw|;
i f
) it
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
ThuHday, Nommbet 1942
*Ai
Purdue Exponent Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, iPhone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
r in ( Inof \ <1 (ni } u I r r M ir *. ’'I iin^p J 1 l r
John r AmoR Don T Brophy John H Armstrong Robert L Hadley Ken K Gpemre Alice Chatfield
Pubftcahon A*:sociate Editors IT D W X.)chciltree A P Hunter W E Rafert \\ ( H km H \N BopwmkU K Roqiiemore I) 1 Hi woi I S Dn\son D Shryer C ^ M Ro 11 Chailotto Ha s lean I auei Elaine
Business Staff rc Alanaffcr Julia Martin
fl naj^ers
I n Mm ager
1 M Wntlit D I John«;oTi J Petty
C H Klouman
fUi.cr i r n 1 Toirtnj. i MinjL.er*' HUn Claik Tane Keim
The Purdue Independent
1 t hiif I d t r , Manii^cr Ji or n«. Manaj,er s ilan\},er 1 M mater
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue Raftrl Sports Editor Brewer u ti Issue Editor Vegh : 1 i\ Holland Riggs Baynes Donham Winb I r H IllTrich bmcltzcr Sommers Lynch I ! -\ll t
t> t 1
la s matter at the post office in Lafay tht ict ot Congress of March 3 1879 it<. t postage iiovidcd for in section 111 authorized January 20 1922
1 I i S riuiisday Friday and Sunday mornings
I) liv r(d locally by carriei for $1 75 for a f 1 ivs semesters by mail for $2 00 for a
0 { r two semesters
t t aiUd «ubscriptjon $1 oO i 1 j I ti i il advertising by National Advertis ( >11 ge Publishers RepresenUitives 420
s ^ fl N Y
Explanation Please I Satuiday Dean Goldsmith ruled that I ] (I \ )uld be no more excuses issued to stu- (’ ! 1) om the Dean of Men’s office, the Dean ( 1 \\ o nc n’s office oi the Student Health Servc ioi alAtnces fiom class In his proclama.1 /) he staled that all absences would have to h u 1 ( n up v\ ith the teacher whose class was
iil s (1
\ 1 Itei was sent to all instructprs as to \ 1 il to 1 ead in the University Code and Rules 1 (1 flc itulations Governing Students, so that ^1 < V could instinct their students on absences ■'inn class L 1) to the present time only a few of the mI ctoi s have acted on Dean Goldsmith’s ad- \ 1C It the instructors don’t do this now, cl I cutting may continue as it has during II snnestei to date Then when the semes1 1 cIj Gs and instrutcors suddenly start (’ i ipmi) down on grades because of cuts, ( ic Indents who leally have been forced to n 1 cb ses may suffer along with the stu- (( I who ha\e puiposely missed classes. I’l this could be offset if every instructor Ilia c ct now on Dean Goldsmith’s advice I c’aiifv how many absences he will allow 1 I 1) )w he will deal with students absent 1 in class —d w o
C Kli
The Little
lied Gremlins
r> Ditk Wiley, Army Air Corps oil 1C five miles up m the heavens 1 1 he 11 of a lonely spot 11 tift\ dcf,iees below zero \\ 1 (I SI t exactly hot 1 \ o Mc 11 ozen blue like youi foitiess I i c 1 C(1 mosquito pink I 11(1 tlifusand miles fiom nowheie U i c s nothin below but the drink ^ 1 11 ^ oil V ill see the Gremlins (j (Il ind pill pie and gold II Ic and neutei < nilin Ijoth young and old 1 ) i iiying to dodge them J t li le sons you’ve learned on the link lulj \oil e\adc a Giemlin J I h J oil dive and you climb and you jink I OI ic -will wiggle youi wing-tips 0 r ( ones i\ill muddle youi maps ( n< will guzzle youi glycol ( I 11 rues will fluttei youi flaps IC will peieh on youi peispex 1 duct piiouettes on youi prop I I ihcie s a lively old Gremlin Il p n on join stick like a top '' 1 \ ill jam \oui machine guns 'I \ ill mess up youi ehute < lie cl pla\lul young Giemlins t c youi eleetiieal suit i /c up \oiii camel a ^hutteis 1 hiou^h youi jaileion wiies, 1 I n and they ll jam and they’ll hattei I I )) tehfo ks m youi tilts I I c cjuiek to condemn them 1 c s (\civ Gicmlin you sec Ij lie Red Cji c minis w ill help y oil I in t ouhle ^ou he I i((p \oui Intel phone humming uui battc 1 its aie ntai ly lun down 'I 11 1 (cp it least one engine lunning 1 MyouK liaek again on the gi ound I tel by youi side dunng battle ' I ll h\ (h met you aie shot d \i \oii hist aid if you need it lie \oui gun till it’s hot \ 11 I e Ji iqi all the bael Giemlins ' 111 ) e p them out of youi plant ' (lie 11 leep youi hombaidiei sohti I \ e I t eliop hib bombs in the Seiiit 1 1 p II till no^t you will find them < I 11 the windows of fiobt I I ll III an old Giemlin named Linsttin Who j Cl Pj y ou liom getting lobt
msuiMTOH fm U ^ OH Merry-(lO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON Seversky Wins SeHlemenl' Of $75#000 From Old Firm As Army Opposes AcHon WASHINGTON—It hasn’t made headlines but Majoi Alexandei de Seveisky, famous Russian Ameiican an cxpeit, has just itceived a $75,000 cash settlement fiom the Republic Aviation Coip , has his part in designing ceitain aiiplanes now used by the Aimy Behind this is a story of the petty intrigue and jealousy by Army brass-hats which is bogging down the war Major de Seversky is one ot the foremost aviation specialists in the United States, but has never been popular with the An Coips His English is not too good Hur-manners are pei sistent He has definitely got on the nerves of ceitain high Army airmen This war has proved a lot of Ins ideas to be far ahead of (he Armv, but that seems only to have deepened the jealousy p Until 1940 Seveisky was a diiectoi of Republic Aviation But in that yeai ceitain an men made such strong lepiesentations to Republic about Seveisky that he was chopped Since Republic had taken ovei the old Seveisky Aiiciaft Coipoiation, Seveisky sued and hiied as attorney Alfons Landa of the piominent film headed by Ex Amhassadoi Joseph E Davies Davies has a distinguished list of clients, including some of the biggest films in the United States Shoit ly alter Landa took Seversky’s case, Davies leceived a call fiom Paul Moore of Republic Aviation, express ing the hope that no member of the Davies law fii n would handle the Seveisky c-s'-e It was also indicated that two important clients which the Davies fnm repiesented would withdraw then business il the Davies film also lepiesented Seveisky Davies, howovei, stood his giound “I can’t see that there is any conflict between then interests and Seversky’s,’ he said “But it th rl s the way they feel about it it is up to them ’ Subsequently these two clients did withdraw But Landa, of the Davies law firm, continued to lepresent Seversky and was about to negotiate a settlement Ihr $100,000 when the Army stepped in again and urged Republic not to settle As a result of the Ai my’s last minute intervention, the settlement was finally scaled to $75,000 Note Walt Disney is now pioduemg Stvei sky’s book, “Victoiy Thiough An Power,” and is lelusing diplomatic representation about the mattei fiom tlm Navy Seversky’s tilends say this is one ot the few times that the Army An Corp has been able to get full co opeiation from the Navy • Rafioned Vice President Vice Piesident Heniy Wallace is noted foi rb stinence He does not chink or smoke, he eats in moderation He does not even drink coffee Now he has added anothei “absent” item to hn bill of laie He does not eat buttei Wallace says “Butter is an excellent food foi children, hut an adult like me, who is tiying to keep his wai=t'ine down, can get aloii., just as well with out it ’ Here is the inside story of why U S Ambassador Clarence L Gauss has lost favor witlr the Chinese Govei nment Gauss offended Madam Chiang, wife of Genoialis simo Chiaiip, Ku shek He did <-0 in whit seems at this distance a peitectlv iiinoceit phiase but those who know Onental sensibilities jilus the tension cieated by oiii lailiiie to send adequitc supplies to Cliina will 1 ealize Gauss hlundei It ocemied in i conversation between the Ihiee peisons in Chungking Whenever Gauss spe iks vcidi the Genei ilissim ) Madam Chiang rets is iiitei jii elei since (laiiss c oes not speal Chinese The discussion centered on United Stales aid lo China and C.en Chiang asked why deliveries had nol Iieen more substantial Ambassador Gauss replied that he had reported Chinas needs lo Washington and could do no more But the general pressed him further and Gauss who is not noted lor suavity, became somewli it irked In reply he made lelerenee lo 1 V Soong, hrollier ol Madam Chiang, who was then in Washington He simply said speaking to iMadam Chiang Why don’t you ask your In other f” Ihis retoil (-hocked the Fust Lady of Chin i and Ciauss has been peisona non grata evoi since • Dr. Townsend's SkiH-s It will be liotely denied by Di 'lovvnsciid but his Old Age Pension movement one ol the most popul u demagogic ideas evei hatched in the U S A is Clacking up Revolts against Townsend’s leadciship and his iin fulfilled promises to get Congressional action on Old Age Pension legislation, tie spiciding all ovoi tne countiy One of Townsend’s most piominent state leideis B J Brown, head ol the pension oigani/ation in Indiana, has biokcn away and is starting a lebel club similar to those foimed in Michigan Missouii, Colo lado, Massachusetts and othci states Florida lownsendites also are straining at the leash Jhe Orlando, Florida, Club No 1, one ol the largest lownstiul clubs in tljy country, has just with drawn liom the organization, charging that Dr fowiiseiid and Ins assistants have adequately le counted lor only about $100,000 in nickels and dimes Irom old folks received dunng lOll • Polifics Get Hot Pi ice Boss Leon Henderson was put thiough i still thud degiec about hm method ol iixiii^ farm jiaiily puce ceilings when lie .ppiaiid heloii the S nate Agiieiiltuic Committee the othei day Farm bloc Senatois chaiged that Henderson should not have included laim benefit jiayincuts in fixing, 60 day parity ceilings on laim priets, and one Sen toi, Ralph Bievvstei ot Maine, bluntly <iceiis(d the pi ite ehiei of violating the 1 i\v As the gulling got holt-.i—-so did Leon ‘I inteipreted the 1 lesidents ixeentive oidci as J understand it,’ he lashed back ‘I’m an admmisti i toi, and that’s my' job I m not in ]jolities “You say you le not in politics > iiKiiuied fen iloi Buit Wlitelei of Montana “No, siiloaied Hcndeison “Well, you’ie m Washington, aun’L you T tfin ' puiud Wheelei, amid loud laughtci (f opyiight, 19IJ, by luiited Leatiue Syndieali Ine ) And so as sot I of a ti ilnite 'lo these little luiown guys of oui eiew We’ve named oui homhei “Red Giemlin We thought that’s the least we could do
GRIN AND BEAR fT
‘Yep—men in umfoim only h<tl^ puce ’
Today's Screen Review
News—9 min Heait ol Mexico—10 min. Popular Science—11 mm. Cahlornia lunior Sym —20 mm. Woman m the House—10 mm. Buying A Dog—10 mm. Information Please—10 mm. Donald Gets Dial tod—S mm
Personnel Notes Companies to visit campus Bell System (Wcstein rieciuc and Bell Labs)—Novemhei 5 and 6 Bendix Products Div Beiulix Vviation Corporation South Bind Ind—Novemhei 5 ind 6 Allegheny Ludlum Steel Corp Bi ickeiii idge Pa—Novemhei (i Devoe & Rav nolds Co Ine I oiiis ville, Ky—Novimbn (> Intiiosi''d in women chemists Bureau ol Naval Personnel— V 7(S)—foi Buieiii of \avil Old nance Chicrgo Hi—Novemhei 12 11 and 14 ln‘'0]ested in Diccmhei ME EL GL ind CliF Joint Reeruiting Boaid—\imv Navv Yluine Coijis Con t Guild— Columbus Ohio—Nov 17 ind 1 i Intel natioml Itlegtpph and Tele graph ( Ol poi ition Niv Yoil —No venihii 5 Intci cited iii ehcmi I phvsieisti Chi FI ML Pan VmeiKuii \i wajs Inc J lekson Iliights N Y—Nov cm bei 0 Cii (i p mei tin^ it 1 \Iund ly Nov 0 in Room 1()S Ail Buih me t\ estinghouse I lee i it and ''lanu lae(.iiring Co Pitt bii f. n I i — i\o vtmliti 10 uid 1! (iioipnet mg it 1 Mond ly Nivembii 0 i i It on 1! 1 LI Budding
P R M illoi y A. ( o Ine Ii(liin ipolis Ind — Intf 1 esled in Vh il i r ME Sign in J-’ci oim 1 Ofli i by Wtdnc sd ly '' o i mb i 11 Placemont Motes For Women All sen 01 wimii who 1 vi li d till 11 y ( ai s ol w oil mil (nil liy ni I liidm-, (pi lilt ti c 111 (pi lilt 1 \ ..n ilyiis nid u c nt( i ( t( I in 1 1 f lato! V w n 1 ll mid cont u I Liu Womens Pi) oiniel '-c vik ininu (ll ite’y iilhii in j)( von ( i h jih lu (2955)
LUMA
TODAY - FRl. - SAT
Ratin’ for a fight ...or a song!
tm^LES mb mm wifh RUSSEU HAYDEN
SECOND HIT ' miiiiiihiimi/m/. SABOTAGE..
‘>,•00—4:28 ^•09—4:57 M9—1:17 ]; >0—4-58 3 50—5:18 4-00-5 28 4 10—5-38 1-20—5 IS our—5 50
Over hi The LIBRARY
'Inc libiriy his on displiy ihi fust ol i sciies of thill ixhihit suppkmrntuy to the id nt Ici lulls .,1V cn on Ihi ii i ol the I i hi iiv t) vaiioLis ell' c by nem hi 1 s ot till 1 ibi ll V st ill 1 I e i in lent (ll play with iximples p e stilts some ot the intiii u ts oJ ilphihtlin in the cud r iLalo II IS intended to make moit eu i Hit lilies ot liDi uy ilphibeti i,, so tn it ll eis of the end eitilo^ will he ihlc to f ml with less chflieulty tlu m ltd 111 they desne
The Book Worm Says: 4 MAN ABOUT THE HOUSE By lYancis Brett Young Reviewed By Eleanor CammacK Miss Ae-nis and Miss Fllen, maul tn diughleis ot domineeiing, old Colonel Isit have been reared in Uie Vietoiian manner even though thiy have lived most ot then lives in ll ilia with then fathii At the C ilqjiel « di ith the sistiis ai c lelt a fcivilv moitgagod old liou e in L ngland is then only inheiitance Just when then e'I'tence is requii im a great deal of fortitude, an uncle ot whom they had not ap p oytd dud leaving them his beau liful It ill in villa and a sufiieicnt ineoi le toi the lest of then lives —BWS— Upon then ariival in the village in whith the villa is located, they are met by Salvatoio the biillei ol tlm villa lie i sHek a u! handsome witn a fl-snnio 'm le ind la Hies miuiois He hid been in the cm ploy of the i riclc since he was a boy and the people ot the village had expe ltd him to inherit th' villa Ml s Agnes md MiSs rilcn lie at onei flitteied by his iviiy itten tion PWSAllhoiipli Miss Agnes lotiins lu 1 iisii ll dommeei mg altiLuilc w th tlu siivants as vzell is with lici sistii shi IS iihtyed to havi i 111 in ihoul tlu house wno will ae iipt 1C ponsihility Ih( sisleis eii loy livin., II It ily cich in liti own y\ ry Llahoi iLt dinners ii c given ly the Biitisli of the village it whiih Miss Vitus IS adinncl bi e III i o1 till hau^ht he iity Miss fPiii letiiin but moil hum in hitis tlu SI stilted iff ms hut lovi.s sieh letivitii as liirye tmj the gi ipis loi wine Always at h md in so iie'TiTnt ol then le tivities is Sal viloic 'mootliiiig aw IV inv difh (111 y with isoftwoid nid a gleam ng sinili BMS Moie md moil S Ivatoii is til in into th 101 fidci Cl el Miss A„nes Ml s 1 11(11 1 Ll iiisi of h«i sistii s oo 1 piiLnunl 1 sill theic is no impi 1 lectu n in him anil yet, then
(Ibi! Hills liliedio ff */s/(fi< III e Portrnitnr< ) 295 I tst Si lie PIioiu >111
EOWMI SMALL presents
SilRKYTBiFtt 'Miss Mmh Rmmf with WILLIAM GUY DICKIE (MUIl'KItlHHIIDII!
&
MAK
Lloyd Nolan • Carole Landis Cornel Wilde'James Gleason Bxteufive Produce/ So! AI Wurtzel Directed by Herbert I leed$ Original Screen Play by John Larkin
TODAY
and TOMORROW
Daily Health Service Report According to the student health Service report, H B Newby, Fr. Eng , has been admitted to St Elizabeth’s hospital for surgical treatment and R R Walker, Sr HE, en tci'ed Home hospital foi medical treatment W H Dodge, Fr. Eng, and T C Moore, Soph Sci, were lelca'ed fiom St Elizabeth hospital, and S J Berger and W VanCleve, Fi Eng , were released from Home hospital IS that peculiai [athomlc's expres Sion in his tawny, smiling tves There arc vyhispeiings of bcaniLiI about him too, yvhich flat up fiom the village Appaicntly Miss Agues ncvoi hears these —BWS— She IS shocked, hovvevci, when MisS Agnes declaics her love foi Salvatore and announics that they are to be maiiied Ah soon as the maiiiage takes place, life for the two sisters is cleeidedly changed There ai-e no more elaborate British ditinei > and the suirounding land of the y ilia his all its beauty' toin avyav by a veiy inilustilOiis Salv i toio who 1C places it with more pio due five eiops And as the once fiulllobs manneis ot Salvatoio ilistpptai, village scandal met cases —BWS - 1 he cxci'ing eyints vvhiih lolloyv will be lelt lo the leadei to ills coyei 101 himself 1 he authoi is an Friglishman who has lived m Italy lor niciny vtiis He his evidently wuhed to hung hack thi leisuiily life of its jKople as well as its seicni loimtiysidc and m doing so his cicatcd m unusual tyjic ol vil ll 111
WANTA TINKER? equipment all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E W VanMeter, Pres
* >(r ft-A-* A A ifrAI*" A 4r-Ir A A A ilnir A ★ A ★
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY FIRST RUN HIT
_ and — MARGARET LINDSAY JOHN HOWARD in TRAGEDY AT MIDNIGHT' — ALSO —
IkirSHEt
PATHE NEWS
krill
HELD OVER Hurry—Three More Days Feit
gmi^i
with
-THE GREAT GILDERSLEEVE (Harold Peary) GINNY SIMMS Bill Thompson Gale Gordon Isabel Randolph Mortimer Snerd RAY NOBLE and Band
ItDDtD TOUCHDOWN TARS
ADMISSION
’ > >0 S' 1 kor
IS-
/t cr' Lc/ / r 1
25r
«!ii Jrta
10c
Plus Tax
Y'' <• ‘i; i-‘ "^v ' , )[i'i,t!i’!Sf , . ''
#M
ThuHddy^ Novem her 5^ 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Gross Country Teams
Prepare For State Meet
Having completed the regular dual meet season with only
one setback, the cross country team will journey to Indianapolis on Saturday to compete in the annual State Meet. The team will leave Saturday morning at seven o’clock in order
to be ready for the meet which starts at eleven. The State Meet is divided into two classes, Big State schools
and Little State schools. This ' , —^^ year only Notre Dame and In- ances by Mitchell, a Senior;^jLabotka, diana are entered in the big ^ sophomore, school class with the Boiler- Nob^e Dame recently defeated the makers. Larlham,, the little the same .score that the Riveters State defending champs, will defeated the mini. This would tend compete with Butler, Wabash, De- to indicate that the Irish and the Pauw, and Ball State for top honor.s. Boilermakers are evenly matched.
leri
Captain For Great Lakes Tilt
For Opener, Dec. 10
Q ports Communique Q fourtfc Win; By Bob Hadley Boiiermakers Try For Second
Hunter Vs. Mitchell?
riuntdr of Notre Dame, because of his fine performance in breaking the meet record at Loyola in Chicago la.st week, i.s expected to battle it out to the.finish with Mitchell of
Indiana is the only team that ha.s been able to defeat the Boiler-
makers.
Diiesler High
In preparing for the four mile race af Butler on Satui'day, Chuck
tered about the football and, cross country teams, little or nothing is known about Pigg Lambert’s hardwood prodigies. However, even with the first game of the season still more than five weeks away, this hai’d-driving, determined bunch — some 20 to 30 strong—already have
Indiana for the top honors. Indiana Due.sler covered the distance University, because of previous rec- 20:52. Other time trial results are: ords, will be ruled the favorite of Kinder, 21:41; Roach, 21:52; Sewthe meet. jndiana’s undefeated rec- ard, 22:23; Lynch, 21:44; Aahwell, ord is lai'gely due to the perform- 22:15, and Harrer, 22:16.
A freshman-var.sity swimming meet is scheduled for 4 Friday afternoon at the pool in the Fieldhouse. This will be the: first competitive action that the members of either team have seen so far this year. Because it is still very early in the season. Coach Dick Papenguth has been having his protege’s, gradually work into shape and has. not stressed speed as yet. Friday’s contest will probably — be a good yardstick as to what i, • .j . . . Points are awarded on the basis
kind of performances to
pect of the squad members for time has been picked a.s “par” in the forthcoming season. The each event. A swimmeV equaling
With the Boilermakers in the midst of the preparation -of reception ceremonies for the Great Lakes Bluejackets, who will stop off here some
With the major portion of the Friday for a brief workout and continue on to Indianapolis for the Boilermaker sport interest now cen- dight, we thought it might be a good idea to take time out and look at the
Big Nine records for the season, j
Sitting on the throne that in the past has proven to be as precarious as that of a Balkan monarch, are the Wisconsin Badgers with a perfect record of two wins and no losses. Thus far they have centered their activities in nph-conference contests and will face a steady stream of Western Conference competition from here on in,
beginning with the Hawkeyes this Saturday,
The Badgers can .point toTwp outstanding reasons for their thus far
better than a month’s hard practice undefeated season and their successful oUmpaigns against the Boilerunder their belts. makers arid Ohio State, in.particular . . . Hirsch and Hardei^. This year Lambert ha.s the job of Elroy Hirsch haa gained 168 yards in 25 tries for an average of replacing such men as Frosty gj yards per rush. Pat Harder has smashed out 196 yards in 46
drives for an average of 4.2 yards per try. Together they have con-
tributed 182 ygrda.per garpe. Not bad.
With four conference games put of the way and the loss last week to the aforementioned Badgers the only blemish on their record, the Buckeyes of Ohio State .hold .pnto Second place. Again a pair of work horses, Pullback Gene Fekete and'Half Paul Sarringhaus, have contributed considerably to the Cause with an average of 188 yards per game. Incidentally these two lead the scoring race in the Western Conference with
42 arid 30 points, respectively.
Illinois, Iowa, Michigan and Minnesota are tied for the next position with two victories against one defeat. Incidentally, each is responsible for the other’s condition^—Illinois beat Minnesota and Iowa, Minnesota beat Michigan, and Michigan beat Illinois. All of these teams are potential troublemakers for the top teams. The Boilermakers, have a two-handed grip ori the next post with one triumph and three losses in four confererice starts. The Riveters have only one confei'ence game remaining on their schedule, and that against Indiana, so far second-best in two conference games involving Ohio
Sprowl, one of the best shots in the Big Ten during his three years here; Don Blanken, the rubber legged guard, center and forward who was particularly tough under either backboard; Mickey Tierney, the clever ball handler who played such a brilliant game again.st the championship mini outfit last year; Cecil Polk who became the sensation of the conference last year with his masterful guarding, and John Conrad, the “sixth man” in most of the
games..
Only Three Major Lettermen As a nucleus for the present squad, Lambert has only three returning major lettermen, namely, Rudy Lawson, Al Menke and How-
Frank Ruggieri
meet will be open to the public. The various events will in-
this par is-credited with one thousand points but for every second over par, 10 points are deducted
elude the lollowing: 150-yard med- from his score; for every second ley., 220-yard free style, 50-yard free under pai', 10 points are added to his style, lOQ-yard free style, 100-yard score. Participants, are allowed to hack stroke, lOO-yard breast stroke, fry to better their own I’ccoi'd at any 440-yard fi'ee style, and a 200-yard time tluring a work-out. '
ard Hoffman. Hoffman is the only senior on the team while Lawson and Menke are juniors. Co-Captain Horsie Riley, one of the sparkplugs of last year’s team, has entered the Air Corps so will not be around when the firing begins December 10 here against Wabash. Duffy Friend and Jack Swantz, two juniors who
State and Iowa. ; ' The Hoosiers are now ranked in the eighth position on the basis of their winless record, just ahead of the hapless Wildcats of Northwestern, who have trailed their opponents through four conference . games. This Saturday the Badgers of Wisconsin will endeavor to lengthen their string of victories at Iowa City and Illinois will travel to Northwestern to try to extend the Wildcats’ string of defeats. Minnesota entertains Indiana in Minneapolis. Most of the teams will be engaged in
saw considerable action la.st year, conference games for the next three weeks .so many things can happen
to the standings before the close of the season. And they probably will.
relay. A low-board diving contest will also be included.
Trophy Conte.st
Horton, Hcidke Lead At the pre.sent time the leaders of the varsity team are Cliff Horton
A Dolphin trophy record contest with 9.342 points, Elroy Heidke with is being held in. collaboration with 6403 points, and Tom • Mahielski .the- daily practice sessions of the with 5603 points. Freshman leaders swimming team. This contest in- are Gene Kujawa with 7368 points, clpdes a series of ten aquatic everits Rill Hansel with 6777 point.s, and and i.s open to member.s of both the Mui'ray Womble with 6677 point.s. fre.shman and Varsity squads. ■’fi-ophics arc to be presented to Everybody competing is required to the winner.-; in each division at the record a time in each of the ten I'bi-thcoming.Aquacade.
are giving fine accounts of themselves during the, early drills. Plenty of potential power SCems to lie in the talented group of sophomore candidates out this year. Edide Ehlers, hard-driving guard, may bo able to make Riveter fans forget the loss of Blanken at that position this year. Ed is a valuable man under either backboard in addition
to being a fine shot.
Plenty Of First Year Men
. Another first year man,of whom times and they absolutely must be
Piggy is expecting great thing
I NT R AM UR A L S
The following Golf matches must .be played off by Friday evening, Nov. 6. It is imperative that these gumes. be played so that we may wind Up the schedule before bad weather sets in. Remember these matches have been scheduled several
Bill Kerchival. Bill is a real sparkplug, much on the.order of Mickey Tierney. A big husky fellow who has been seeing a lot of action at the forward post is Jack Kennedy. Kennedy already ha.s a college career in baseball carved out for himself, hav-
played. If you do not plan to play your match please notify the Intramural Office so that we ''may go
ahead with the schedule.
Intei.'-fI'atern i ty C h a m p i 0 n s h i p Flight—Coombs (Sigma Chi) vs. Culbertson (Phi Kappa Sigma). Intor-fratei-nity “A” F 1 i g h t—
iiig been one of the sti'onger hitters Hol'fer (Plii Psi) vs. Sweeney (Kapon the freshman team last year, pa Sigma). Inter-fI’aternity “C” Flight .— J. Myers (.Sigma Chi) vs. Nygren (Theta Chi). Inter- fraternity “D” Flight—. Martin (Acacia) vs.'Rccve.s (Delt). Please contact your opponent and j get these games off the docket, a.s . requested.
farthest in the bracket winner. Championship Flight — Chas. Lamb vs. T. M. Shead; Dave Reniger vs. R. Stackhouse. “A” Flight—Wm. Comus, vs. R.
D. Young.
“B” Flight—Hoffer v.s. Sprague. “C” Flight'—G. Nygi'en vs... Geo.
Bennett.
“D” Flight-f-Lindskoog vs. Keen. If you do not intend to play.these matches please inform the Intramural Office of your intentions so that you do not hold up the schedule any longer. These matches have absolutely got to be played, so contact your opponent.
Frank Ruggieri, who is defending Big Ten heavyweight wrestling champion and has been one of the Riveter mainstays at guard this season, will serve as acting captain when the Boilermakers meet the Bluejackets from Great Lakes this Saturday afternoon in the featured Dads’ Day spectacle. Besides playing the guard position, Ruggieri has filled in at —^^^^^ the center berth also, since he
has played the middle of the line during his previous years on the varsity. As this is his senior year on the Boilermaker squad, the game will be his next to la.st in Ros.s-Ade Stadium. Frank is also one of the seven members of the Riveter team who .has already enlisted in the Naval Reserve, and he will enter this branch of the service upon graduation. Riveters Try For Second Win The game Saturday will have the Boilermakers attempting to win their second game this season as Great Lakes will be in quest of number four. Thus far the Bluejackets have knocked off the Hawkeyes, the team that defeated the Boilermakers 13 to 7 last week, 25 to 0; Pittsburgh, 7 to 6; and the strong Missouri team, 17 to 0, while bowing to Michigan,!! 9-0; Wisconsin, 13-7; and Michigan State, 14-0. During the week. Coach Elritier Burnham has sought to conserve all available manpower by comparatively light workouts. Most of the work has been in a defensive angle to offset the powerful Bluejacket attack which features the running of All-American Bruce Smith, who hails from the championship Minne-
sota team of last year. Boilermaker Injuries Great
This Saturday, the Boilermakers win take the field minus services of at least three key men. Kenny Smock, halfback, and Bruce Watren, tackle, left behind on the Iowa trip due to injuries, have been sidelined again by the team physician, along with Bob Hajzyk, hard blpck^2 log and accurate kicking quarter^2 back, who suffered a tackle shoul-
■^2 der last Saturday.
Coach Burnham has also been concenied over the center situation in view of the doubtful status of both Otto Hurrle and Alex Leugo. Another big worry for the coach is the question of whether Dick Barwegan’s arm will let him play at guard against the Great Lakes team. ■ . ' jg Changes At Quarterback Post 25 To relieve the quarterback situa2Q tion with Hajzyk put of action.
Oct. 26-30, 1942
■ ' ' W
English :18 Civil Engr. 16 Horticulture 16 Agr. Chem. 1 16 Poultry •... 16 Executive 15 Speech 15 Agr. Engr : 14 Physics ..' 14 Dairy ....: .'.... ...14
Anmial Hush Elec. Engr. ......: Naval Tr. Sta Radio Engr Mech. Engr. ................ Chemistry 1 Chemistry 2' Recitation Agr. Extension Agr. Exp. Sta .....;. Army Forestry Pharmacy
..;....14 :....:.13 :...:.:13 ;i2 .....:.12 12 12 ;ii .......11 10 .10 .......10 ;.io
322 Main Sh
The following. All-Campus Golf m.'itchcK mu.st be played by Friday evening, Nov. 6. Unle.SB these games arc played we will drop the schedule 01' declai'c the man going out the
Everything for a (College Education . DEAC’S.
A
second saved in eaeli of the 106 million telephone calls made (‘very day would add up to w(‘ll over 20,000 hour.s—would liel|> greatly to keep lines open for vilai military and war production ea|l.s. A sinf.de second is that important. So answer promptly, fd'iug your location and name, and keep your conveisatipn hriel’. When making a call, he sure you have the rightnumher—use the directory — call Information only when it’s really necessary. And please don’t use Long Distance to defense areas unless your call is urgent. The Bell .System has a big job to do. By saving seconds you may make room for a vital war-time call.
★ ★
6ih and FERRY PHONE 21.50 LAFAYEITE, INDIANA
ELLA E. 8EEGLE TEACHER OF PIANO VASSSE DARNELL TEACHER OF VOICE 'GSBSON & STEWART VIOLIN AND GUITAR
P. M. ALLEN
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
The following Fraternity Touchball games will b,e played Thui'.sday evening, November 5, at 4:15:
Fic-ld
1 Tail Kappa Ep.siIon v.s. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Umpire: Bussing. Sigma Nu vs. Theta Tau. Um-
pire: Whitlock.
Tau Ep.silon Phi vs. Phi Delta Theta'. Umpire': Musselman. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Delta Chi. Umpire: Rodgers. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Triangle. Umpire: Emerson. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Theta Chi.
Umpire; Marozick.
Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Alpha.
Umpire: Hawkin.s.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Umpire:
Harvey.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Sigma. Umpire: Foss. Delta Tau Delta vs. Beta Theta Pi. Umpire: Thompson. Sigma Chi vs. Kapiia Delta Rho. Umpire: Miller. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Umpire :.Nordquist. Phi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa. Umpire: Pilarski. Beta Sigma Psi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Umpire: Hir.shfield. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Umpire: Sprague.
2
6
8
9
10
11
12
1,3-
14
15
Physical Plant .....10 Agr. Chem. 3....-^ 10 Agronomy 2 lO Agr, Chem. 2 9 Agronomy 1 ....9
General Engr Chem. Engr
Biology 8 16 General Stores 8 16
High Team Set.s
Animal Hush., 2806; Executive, 2713; Poultry, 2658; Chemistry 2,
2654.
High Ind. Sets
8 16 Chai’les Harris, who has appeared
nett, 537; P. Peterson, 528.
High Team Games
Executive, 994; Animal Hush., 978; Chemistry 1, 944; Horticulture,
941. .
Three Tied For First In Touchbafl Race
RQYAL D makes pipe function
ulmFINI/lMPORT^b.BRIAR
at end this season, was back at his last year’s assignrrient of pilot, while Walter Cook, hard tackling right halfback, was given a chance at signal calling. To aid the center problem, the Boilermaker mentor was hopeful that Herb Seidell, soph-
TT f ,T.n TT' j. cjo r. T, omore from Indianapolis who has Hoefer, 607; Frost, 542; G. Bon- , f, - . •, ,1. corr. Tn n-4.., COO been out of action since earfy in the
season, may return to uniform to bolster Bill Newell and Johnny
Wojciechowski, reserves.
Four Alumni Play For Sailors Besides being Dad’s Day for the University students, it will also be homecoming for four former Riveter players as they are members of the Great Lakes aggregation. Basil Petry, rugged center who was
A.s tlie last games are about to graduated in 1940, and Paul Anderbo played in the interfraternity son, hard driving right halfback who touchball league, three, teams are 'was eligible for the Riveter eleven tied for the top position—the Phi this fall, will, probably be in the Delts, Sig Eps, and Phi Psis. Each starting lineup for the Bluejackets, team has a perfect slate with five The ’ Boilermaker delegation on wins and no defeats. This after- the invading Sailor crew is comnoon’s play will find the Phi Delts pleted by Bob Johnson, who won an facing the Theta Taus who have four iron-man reputation as a sophomore victories and no defeats. The Sig center for the Riveters last fall, and Eps will play Tau Kappa Epsilon Halo Rossi, giant tackle, who was and the Phi Psis meet the Theta •graduated last June. Both Johnson Chis. The playoffs will start on Tues- and Rossi are expected to see conday of next week and will be played .siderable ’ action against their for-' between the top eight teams as they aier teammates,
stand after this afternoon’s play. Squash Team Holds Practice For Opener In preparation for their first meet, which will come about the middle, of November, the University squash team has been holding heavy practices now for two weeks. The details of the schedule have not as yet been completely ironed out, hut games. with the Indianapolis AC, Evanston Y’MCA, Northwestern and Chicago Universities, and other last year’s
opponents are expected.
Although it is still too early to tell definitely. Captain Norm Goldstein, Bill Bond, Bob Boydstori, Chuck Hess, and Ed Wells, returning lettermen, will be themvainstays of the scpiad. Competition for other high positions on the sejuad' is 'exceedingly heavy, with a' host of proyiisiug reserves, namely,, D. ■ Long,'J. Cohen, R. Cohen, J. Weir, W. Tyson, W. Powers, J. Mathis, K. Marlin, G. Gifford, and P. Beck bat-
tling-it out.
Write for chart picturing 18 beautiful all-smooth models, telling benefits of Marvelous Patented Filter I Also same styles, all-etched, with Eagle orengraved PATRIOTIC EMBLEMS specially designed for men in service as ivell as civilians.
K fTm. Dtmulh B Ci/I s ^
ii
H
jtir^ ^ "p
I*iirdu^ J^jfj^imnt
% r^sWtr* fv'‘ 7' 4-1’^ nursdi y, Wommhdr ^ 194^ ^ **^ " i y. ■, *
||iia||a Boys En(jer liati(Mial 4-H Contest Records of thiec boys of Indiana hav6 been sent to the Natiohal 4*H (Mub Committee at Chicago foi competition in National Contests Each boy was selected because of his work and special merit in 4-H Club Two Representatives William Franks of Wawaka, Noble County, and a sophonioie in the Umveisity, has been selected as the outstanding junior leader in the state His records have been submitted to the National Contest as he has been outstanding throughout his twelve yeais in 4-H Club work Harold McDeimit, state winnei of the Meat Animal Contest, sponsoied by Thomas Wilson, has been chosen as one of the boys whose lecords will be sent He has been quite active in 4-H work, and is a giaduate of the Elwood High School The last of the thiee contestants chosen fiom Indiana is Glenn Pell of Carbon, Clay County His high achievement record 'was in agiicultural projects during twelve years ■He has participated in county, state, and national judgui^ contests Scholarship Representative Two boys have been chosen from the University as the lepiesentatives from Indiana in the Alpha Gamma Rho scholarship contest Their records will be sent to Washington to be entered in competition from other states The boys are Philip Winslow of Carthage and James McCormick of Vincennes Philip has been very active in 4 H c\ork and has been a junior leader He was high individual in the State Junior Livestock Judging contest held at the University m Septem Per McCormick has been an active membei of the 4 H Club, and has also been a junior leader He has been in many contests during his nine years Both of the boys are ireshmen in the University.
PI A Notes Mundel Will Attend Ether Edits
Bow^ipg Team: beginning this Saturday evening the PIA bowling tourney will start All games will be played on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday, and there can be no more than 22 teams of five men each The fee for entires of a team is fifty cents, and entries will be accepted until Saturday by Chick Ra^ek at 36164
Ward A Party Eklen Kessler announces a party for all members of Ward A and then guests in the South Towel room of the Union The dance will take place from 8.30 to 11 30 p m next Saturday Ward A IS bounded by Vine on the east, Fowler on ■the south, and Northwestern in the west
Chairman Needed In Ward B There is still time for petitions for this ward The chairman will be selected fiom the entered petitions and on merit. The chairman has the power of appointing his own board and handles all affairs of the ward The boundaries aS'e Fowler on the south and Vine on the west
Dads' Day
(Continued from page 1) est dad and the father with the most children in the University Also a piogianr of imitations and music will be furnished by Dave Hall After the smoker, the dads will be guests at the convocation which will begin at 7 46 p m and last until about nine The Conceit Chou under the direction of A1 Stewart ■will furnish a short musical pro gram of novelty numbers, and head coach Elmer Burnham, “Red” Mackey, and Ward ‘Piggj” Lam bert will speak C E Damon, Di rector of Admissions, will give a short talk The chief feature of the evening’s program will be a colored moving pictuie of University life All students and parents arc invited to attend this comocation Mahns To Play For Mixer A special Dads’ Day mixer will be held after the progiam, and all of the dads vho can get a date and have the energy to go ai e invited to attend The dance mil Icatuie the music of Mauiy Mahns and his or chestra This mixer mil conclude the planned program War Course (Continued from page 11 ing non and steel parts foi wai equipment The class in production engincei ing, taught by A M Bi amblett, chief engineei at the Peerless Wire Company, is in opciat'on Init addi tional students aie needed Ihis course coveis production planning and control and it gives employees a better understanding of indiistnal problems and methods of handling materials efficientlj iii a pi int No Fee Charged These courses aie rfleied mthout cost except for neccsiiiy text books The classes in physical met allurgy and production ingmceimg will meet t'wo nights a veek Jor 12 weeks Pei sons successfully com pletmg the course mil be a-narded a certificate by the Umversitr Ag Education Society Will Meet This Evening Enteitammcr t i to be rhe chiei aim of th" Ag urdtuu Idiuation So( i< t\ at iiKcting to light a< 7 10 in the Union 11 ol Cioiio of the (ducatioii dtiJditmenv. \ lU be the inmnpal sneaker ol tht e\enmg All mcmbiis ol the society aic encouraged to come iiid any undti clasbinan who is inaioiing in agii culture education is especially urged to attend Pauline Harlan . of West Lalavettc who has been an illustiatoi foi campus publications, left Sunday loi Dayton, Ohio, where she will take a position at an ai tibt-designei in the army aireralt plant at Wiight Field
Fire Insurance; Norman Augsbutger has announced that there is still time for PIA members to secure insurance on then personal belonging for the coming yeai Capt. Vest, Recent Grad, Dies After Heart Attack While on regular duty at For t Sill, Okla, Capt Wendell M. Vest, recent graduate of the University, died as the result of a heart attack last Sunday morning Captain Vest, who enlisted in the service March, 1941, had risen from Second Lieutenant to Captain in the short space of his one and a half year army career A resident of Greenwood, he followed civilian life for a few years after graduation While at the University, Capt. Vest was a member of the Senior ROTC corps Alpha Chi Rho social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers Norman Riesen, president, Everett Porter, vice - president, Samuel Stevens, ritual officer, William Lowe, chaplain, Marshall Bush, secretary, Richard Buchholz, treasurer, Gerard Vriens, seigeant-at arms, Ralph Luebben, pledge men-
tor
Time, Motion Clinic Prof Maivin E Mundel of the Industrial Engineei mg staff will lepiesent the Univbisity at a national time and motion study clinic to be held Thursday and Friday in Chicago Prof Mundel will discuss the methods employed by the Umveisity in teaching factory employees moie effective use of man and machine power to facilitate war production By means of a GOO foot color movie, black and white slides, and color slides. Pi of Mundel will demonstrate how to enlarge on the arm of training employees in time and motion study under war conditions He will indicate the scope, production and material piesented m the 12 classes now in opeiation at the Univeisity As part of the wai tiainmg piogiam, 715 peisons have been tiamed m this field of
industry
The confeieiice is being held for plant managers, shop supervisors, and industrial engineeis The general theme will be “All Out for Pro duction of Wai Supplies ”
by Eddie Hornaday Tommy Tuclcei and his oicjhestra will be featured on the Victory Parade of Spotlight Bands over the Blue Network on Thursday, November 5, at 8 30 CWT The broadcast will be for the benefit of war woikcis at the Goodyear Aircraft Plant at Akron, Ohio, and will feature the singing of Amy Arnell Tucker is one of the few orchestra loaders in the country who wears a Phi Beta Kappa key He attended the University of Noith Dakota, wheie he majored in the theory of music and graduated with a BA degree At that time, he had no intention ol becoming a band leader, but instead took an extended trip to lay the groundwork for a business career Six months later, however, he found himself playing the piano with a group of college boys on summer vacation That marked the end of Tucker’s business caieei, and a few months later he organized an orchestra ot his own that was the nucleus of his
picsent hand
Senate Posts List
student Cooperative Association, announces the election pf the following officers Charles Antonaccio (Dover House), president, Lawrence Boger (Owen House), vicepresident, Henriette Davis (Shoemaker House), secretary, and Joseph V Hayes (Luma House), treasurer These officers are to serve for one year and will be installed imnediately after the SCA banquet, which is to be held the last week of Novcmbei Alpha Lambda Delta national freshman women’s scholastic honorary, announces the initiation of the following women Marie Apostle, Alma Lee Grogan, Ruth Lumpkin .Marilyn Lloyd, Lois Remmers, Ruth Legg, Carol Roblee, Mary Jane Snider and Mary Anna
Rose
Chinese Students Meeting on Friday November 0 at 7 m at the lesidcnce of Ml and Mrs Cole 234 Wood street ^ -XiIANG Aff Ed Society Meeting: Thursday November 5 in the Union at 7 30 p m Piof lames of the Biologry Department will speak
dAIj/ULily
WAA Council Members No council mdet inj>: Ihursdny Novembei 5 - SIEIGERWALD Union Sophomores All money and ticl cts foi the Ian Savitt dance must be bamied in not later than fi p m today
—GAS3ETT
Gimlet Club Paddles have aruved and Student Senate Mcctinj? Thursday No may be obtained fiom me li cominj? to the vembtr 5 at 7 30 p m in the Senate Of Phi Psi house at any time PRASrR lice NEFF
Phi Lambda Upsilon Meeimfi: for election ot pledges postponed Date will be announced later -MAIER Tau Beta Pi Impoitant meeting Thursday Novembei 5 at 7 30 m in room 263 of the Union —YOUNGBLOOD Fraternity Bush Chairmen Cary Hall rush H now open Howevei men cannot be
pledged until set‘ond semester
—WILCOX
A^lpha PJhi Omega The annual banquet will be held Sunday Nov 14 I oi rtsorva tions and partieulaiR sec or call KitcU 25ir SW Caiv Hall immediately
- BENDFR
AKL's Win Steeplechase Of Student Tutors
Preliminary Contest
Alpha Kappa Lambda's speedsters stepped out and won the Interfraternity Steeplechase preliminanes yesterday in 18 minutes and 38 4 seconds The Theta Xi’s negotiated the couise in 19 minutes and 40 4 seconds to take second place Acacia placed thud in 19 minutes and 60 4 seconds The fourth, fifth and sixth place positions veu won by Phi Delta Theta in 19 minutes and 68 8 seconds Delt r Chi in 20 minutes and 1 b seconds and Sigma Alpha Epsilon in 21 minutes re spectivelv These six teams will participate in the finals which will be run next Wednesday Dr. H. L. Creek head ol the English Department and Prof. J H McKee, mem ber of the staff, attended a symposium at Culver Military Academy yesterday The conference on the problefns of the post war period vas presented before the student body and included such speakers as Louis Fischre, author, Marcel Fodor, toieign correspondent, and Dr Frank Kingdon lecturer.
by Mmisisigwoar
“Hush” ^2 98
FOn COLI.EGE DOIIM
OR SLEEPING WARM AT HOME
“Secret” $2 98
You’ll shine in private. You’ll sleep in cozy bliss. You’ll do your laundry in nothing flat with “Candlelight.” The prettyfymg colors shot through with silvery shafts are glowing as a compliment. The timeless tailoring, unwavering fit and wear-like-mad virtues . : . all sound investments with a future. Knitted of soft cotton and rayon for comfort’s sake. Cut in the new law-abiding lines you’ll love. Dream-Maker* styles sketched in Heaven Blue, Nod Blue, Pcachglow. 14 to 20. Look for Alie Mnusiugwear Lakel!’’
Notices
All Women Swimmers Beginning ballet
loui) will practice every Mondav m All inti rosti d rfirru then
JOHNSON
Students who have received “yel low slips” or think that they aie in nied ol cxtia help in then studies have the oppoitunity of receiving this help thiou< h thi Student Sen ate This help is oftiiecl thiough a list of competent tutors that is posted in the Senate olliee A minimum price of sixty cents has been set lor all futoruig, and students may go to the Senate ol fieo betuoen 1 and 6 30 p in lor any extra information. Luma House 1 received the highest scholar ship lank for all Cooperative Boys’ Houses on the campus foi the sum mci lei nr ending Aug 22 Vonn Hayes is piesident ol the house. Miss Myrtle Price, housemother, and Dr. A A Smith, faculty ad
VlsCl
Mrs. W. E. Morey the former Ruth Violett, who received her B S degree liom the University rn 1895, died in Huntington, West Virginia, on August 2 of an undiagnosed ailment. Her husband W E Morey, is a University graduate of 1900.
at 4 30
p m ATI intirostid com< then '^Advance! J.7 0UP will practice cvciy I'biusdij^^t
Reserve Officers All students holding commissions in the Oigaiu/cd Reserve ( irps 1 i(it to the Adjutant in the Airnoiy ns sor n is ((iivcniont RTORDAN
Navy V 7 Juniors and seniors wh me assem) ling putrs uppoiting thnr icpa^t ill cilistment in V 7 who ar uni i 21 iis (i u must submit three erpus ol larinls consent i inp ilv notiii/cd Copies t this l)im (N ivy UlO) nu> b tbtuiul t mi oOico KNAII ( alalysl Members B ness no tini will b bcU Ihinsd v i\ n ng N v ml i at 10 in Ko )m ol the them tnd M I Bull ling T1 1 will be sn I tion el I ledges SWAC LR Poulliy Seienco Club Iheie i 1o 1 o a voiv ini) iiLuut ni fling N w ml i 12 Lv (liOTK mteie t d i i uKii is uiged to ntteiut BOOKl R Pi Fail Sigma lleition of membei n ui div Nov< n b i L 1 p m in Koa I II g Rc in It 1 imioitint that ill utivis UUnd DI ISI U Senior Mechanitals Hoop wl o hive not pud the 8'’e t )i llu lnig:< f loup pietuu in V d( so Ihuisdii N \ ^ fi im 1 ti 1 p n at tall r Ml lal La t eliarte 1 be uuluded in composit piotun
KOI RNIR
E:|cponcnt Seniors I’hosf desiring: ^old kevs bh )uld see me —GJEMRE Phi Lambda Upsilon Business moGtinj? Thuisday Nov > 11 p m in loom 210 of the Union Electi ni <l pkdg<s i finvh ment Wild r 1 R Pistol Team Tryouts The following: stu dentb me leqiKsted 1< upoit it Ih Aimny at 4 p m M inday Nivembei ) to tiy out f< 1 the 1 isU 1 team J B behlissbcrg W P St venson W 1 Buschm nn L Usdin R W 1 ightv B G Harmon J M How lid D Bidkin S Cullukscn ind ] M Icirson BROWN SCA Members Ihe Kgulai board meet uig: will be held luesdav Novembei 10 \t 0pm Vn inv tation is extend d lo ill SCA membcib t listen 1 oin on i Dtan Coldsmith and t) tike put in the d se ssK n that will lolhw T1 is la ) lompt MOGAVIRO All Male Students Lnli tmcnls in the hnlistcd liobcrve Cfips of th Aimy clos s on Decomla 1 31 1042 If you decile to eiilibt and have not yet applied youi appli ation shfuld be placed immtdnlely in Ro( m BI in the biscment of 1h( Armoiy
GaAII\M
All Freshman Men Entius foi thi Pev lulgc Sp til ConUst mubt lu m i 1 b l(i ^ el)ck Wednesliy Novomb i 11 Itt ul) del ills on tht eotnest si e vo u house d bitt minig r i o 11 at th loitn le ollie lo m 81 ( I the Union my we T d iv b iwiin 1 md ( )) m —ROSS t hi Fpsilon All actuts and iiU Igts mtet n lo m ^01 ol Ih (F binldint Ihuisdai cvtniij Nov mb i 5 it TO p n At t nditt itqi i d JONFS Fraternity Piesidtnts Dinmi n tin at 1 hi Dill I h 11 h( 11 t ( n 1 bin sd u Nc Ml'- i( ( 1 \ UIDFR
PIA Board Board banquet tonight at f p m in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union —SLEEPER Skull and Crescent Picnic will be held lucfidai November 10 Meet at the Pbi Delta Theta house at 7 p m SPRIGGS Glider Club Meeting: Thuisday night No vembti ) at 30 in room 212 of the Union -BALL RoRer Williams Foundation Picture of entire Found ilion to be taken immediately after the Church Service Sunday Novdmb(i 8 1942 SCHUMACHER
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds, watches gups, luggage typewriters Albert's Loan Office, 407 Columbia Typewriters—Adding Macnlnes, all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work, done C J Lbershoff 605 Main, Lafayette Phone 2779 I ost —• Satuiday gold iimmed-^ glasses Needed IIIgtntli Call I Hill 7724 Young Indy lu lull time oi minimum hill tim< assistint bookkeeping position Ajplv it Soiilhwirths mornings Young man Jci full time or minimum half tmu Hhijiping uni stock room woik Ai 1 Iv Southvv iths mornings
i 111 Bill Pi M 1 I las Ns mill i n ( Ml U 1 til il ill rn nil i I)
ling p< Ij ( n d 0 \t 10 I 1 B 1 \ s 11 ) 1 n pi lit YOl/NC BI GOD
Sip! Del fade G0)iip QinlilRiii u t i Ml nnv I bUii d iti II Siqpb H m in tl Ai moii 1 y iho L 1 i t l Ih Si.} I mid Oil l)ti C d Ci up ihit !U ilifi I t 0 ss 1 11 I 1 II 1 HI Sll 1 PI IB
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
ALLE
SHAVE HITLEI^ SAVE AI^BRICA bun
CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION I OR SIUDENTS OF PURDUE Beginner’s, Wednesday, November 11th 7:30 P. M. Advanced, Thuisday, November 12th 7:30 P.M. If ^ ‘•‘sxoirs Given During Vacation k 1 BlI 1* M Allen, Insti uctor ENROLL NOW
PHONE
THE CANDID CAMERA COLUMN OF POLITICAL NEWS AND COMMENT
P OR a clear and convincing picture of the course of notional and foreign affairs, look to The Washington Merry-Go-Round. You’ll find in this column of report, interpretation and character-sketch the salient and simply put and authentic facts you want to know—and, in these days, need to know. You’ll find out who’s who back of the ballyhoo, the influences underlying issues, previews of news in the making, diagnoses of developments. The Washington Merry-Go-Round appears
DREW PEARSON
THE
PURDUE EXPOIEIVT
fA (A