' '“■‘^ ( J ' ! 'I^ ’■‘j - I . ‘ I '' I
’•,1' ,, )#' ^'"l'
, ' ’' 4 i
V>
' LOOKING AKOUND ' Need For
/
Gas Investigation
Established 1889
xftjcmem 9 Needed: A Friend
MERRY-GO-ROUM# f War Too Slow ^ For Strategists Jj
I’ /
Volume 56, Nor-3^ *^3
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, July IS, t#t|
University Relates Data A WS Conducts Interviews Bohemian Spirit Wit
‘ V
On Contacting Students To Survey Coed War Work Reign Over Carnivfl
Information is now available relaWg to contacting students, civilians, an^ members of the Armed Forces enrolled in the
University.
KegUlar qivilian students who cannot be reached by using the Student Directory may be located during office hours by calling the Office of Dean of Men, 3001, station 67 for men students or the Office of the -.aa..«._a_-..___«_«-a_.______,.__
Dean of Women, 3001, station 58 for women studentSa In case of emergency, call the Jlegistrar’s Office, 3001, station 36 to learn in what class the
student rtiay be enrolleda Report Change Of Address
However, for all civilian students Who -have changed their local place of residence during the last several weeks and have not reported this
Students See Disney Film About P-T-19 A color film, “The PT-19 Train-
er”, was shown at the weekly meet-
change to the Registrar, Dean of ASME yesterday afteinoon
in room 108 of the ME building.
Men and the Personnel Service, the aforementioned are without information on the location of these students. All such students are asked to turn in their new addresses right
aWay.
In case of emergency, regular civilian students may be located after office hours by calling the East desk of the Union building. All RCA students and CurtissWright students are registered as special engineering students and may be reached by the procedure given above for regular civilian stu-
dents.
Contacting Wright Field Girls
The PT-19, a low-winged plane, is used almost exclusively by the U. S. Air Force for training purposes. It has been employed to a great extent by the RCAF also. A plane of very similar design, the Cornel, is used by the RAF in the training of
their pilots.
The film showed steps in the assembly and manufacture of the Ranger engine used in the PT, as well as enumerating some of the tests to which it is subjected. Perhaps the biggest reason why this type of plane is especially suited for primary training, b^lind and crosscountry flying is because the visi-
AWS interviews of all University coeds except eighth term sfeniors to encourage more extra-curricular war activities and to coordinate the work already being done are being conducted this week and will continue into next week. They are successful from the standpoint that thp girls are appearing at the AWS office at the appointed time of their interviews, of which coeds are notified by postcards. Personal interviews are being used to help g^et ideas about which war activity-^holds the most interest for the average coed. No results have as yet been tabulated as to which work holds most appeaUfor the girls—many have signed up for USO work. Survey Sheets Used At the time of her inteiview each girl receives a survey sheet which explains in detail the whei-e, when and what of every"^xtra-curricular war activity. This is done since AWS realizes that many coeds are not familiar with all the opportunities available on or near the cam-
pus.
The gas rationing board located in the Lafayette court house is interested in obtaining workers to issue coupon books.'The board is in session from 9-12, 1-4 and 7:30 to
9 p. m. this week including all day Saturday. If anyone is interested, they may call the OFA office 7321, and ask for Mrs. Creason. State Committee Cooperation F. R. Eastwood, in cooperation with a state committee for the promotion of industrial recreation, is encou^ging the project. Volunteer work at the USO center in Allen’s Dance hall every Wednesday and Saturday night may be the taking charge of singing sessions, acting as hostess, playing cards, dancing, talking and entertaining service men in the lounge. Nurses’ aid work, sponsored by PIA, may be done a the Home or St. Elizabeth hospitals three hours a week from 4 to 7 p. m. or 5-8 p. m. any evening. Dependability is the prime requirement, and a welcomed advantage is that no special training is needed. The work consists of helping with trays, arranging flowers, writing letters and running errands for patients. A certificate of merit will be giv.en by PIA at the end of the term. Making surgical dressings and possibly knitting and sewing may be done at the Red Cross room in the Union on Tuesday and Thurs-
day evenings, or at the Central Presbyterian Church in Lafayette all day Wednesdays. Orders for the July blood bank have been filled, however volunteers will be notified when the next blood bank will b4 here. Donors must be 18 years old, and those undet 21 must have written permission from parents. Coeds interested in group leadership may b^ leaders in sports and leisure time activities for groups of women in industry. If enough are interested, training will be given in leadership of sports such as badminton, swimming, bowling and archery and leisure time activities ranging from dramatics to service clubs. Unusual Suggestions Other suggestions for war work even though unusual are: collecting silk and nylon hose, sponsored by Gold Peppers; collecting junk jewelry for service men to barter with natives; making interesting scrapbooks for injured men in hospitals, sponsored by YWCA. University courses for which credit will be given are First Aid, PEW 80, 2 hours credit and Recreational Leadership, PEW 92, 3 hours credit.
Wright Field girls may be , , .... ,, , , f, , . . bility of the pilot is unusually good reached by calling 7311 during of-
fice hours. After office hours they
may be reached by calling Mr. L. C.
Pigage, 36021.
Men in the Army Specialized Ti’aining Program may be contacted at any time by calling 2033. The Officer of Day or the NonCommissioned Officei’ in Charge of Quai’ters will give out telephone numbers for trainees or send a run-
ner in cases of emergency. Only In Case Of Emergency
Trainees in the Navy Specialized Training' Program, including the
Both the instructor and the trainee have a field of vision not found in
most types of planes. Disney Production
Following the aeronautical movie, Walt Disney’s production “The Winged Scourge” was presented. This was also in technicolor. It depicted the poverty and misery caused by the Anopheles mosquito, carrier of malaria, and showed preventive measures which are necessary to eliminate this pest. The ASME presented this film
Marines, can be reached by phoning because of the number of Univer7341. The Officer of the Deck or the students interested in aeronauMate of the Deck will know where ^ical engineering and was rewardto reach each and every trainee. ^ith a very large attendance. At Naval officers assigned to the tbe meeting of July 28, Dean PotNaval Flight Training Program ^er, head of the engineering staifj may be reached from 7 a. m. to 6 ^ill speak on, “The American Patp. m. in case of emergency only by System . This is to be a corncalling 2400 and after 6 by calling bined meeting of all the ktudent .^QQg branches and wU be open to the
public. It will take place in the fa-
culty lounge at 7:30.
Wesley Foundation
Holds Carnival
Tomorrow night, July 16, at 8, the Wesley Foundation will hold a Hawaiian Carnival. There will be social dancing and special refreshSouth Sea Island dancing, games, freshments costing 16c. Wearing apparel may be of gay colors. Cadets, Service men, and Students are
welcome.
Newman Club
. . . announces the election of officers for the coming semester. They ■are Bob Ault, president; Mary Wagner, secretary; Claudine Chelmanaik, treasurer. Vice presidents in charge of breakfasts are Mary Lou Douglas and Don Gehringer; of social events, Rosemary Towne and Frank Perry; of memberships, Mary Farley and Joe Perry; of discussions, Dorothy Williams; of Pub-
licity, Don Andeison.
Union Room Provides Refuge For Symphonic Music Lovers
By C. H. Wendell Few people who spend any time in the l^usic room of the Union building fail to realize the possibilities that it offers to them. It is the purpose of the Music room to provide refuge for lovers of symphony and opera where they can lelax and gam access to the World’s masterpieces of music, as well as to serve as a retreat for the swing weai-y public. Under the charge of the student Union, the room is open for use of students, faculty and to townspeople at all times and any of the 2600 records there may be played. Programs Presented Recitals by outstanding talent are presented by the student Union on occasion. Often local people take part in these recitals, but occasionally guests from other schools and cities come to exhibit their talents. Duo to gas rationing and other tiansportation worries, these concerts have been rather infrequent of late. The wglls of the Music room are equipped with adequate facilities for the exhibiting of pictures. As
many different collections of art. Camera Club photos, and University ait work as possible are put up. An Innovation In the past it has been the annual function of the committee in charge to sponsor an all University sing which takes place on the eve of Mothers day each yeai. In previous years recordings have been made of the winning groups. This room is still in the childhood stage. In 1936 when there was talk of completing the Union Building J. N. Davis, at that time a columnist for the Exponent proposed the idea of having a room especially devoted to music. With President Elliott’s help the innovation was enlarged and accepted. Upon final completion, theie was found to be little money for records. President Elliott found that the Carnegie Foundation gave recordings to worthy causes, so with his efforts the Union was donated 2000 records and a playing machine. Since that time students and faculty have spent many enjoyable afternoons and evenings listening to the recorded works of the music masters.
PIA Sponsors Picnic Supper, Swim, July 24 Purdue Independent Association will sponsor a picnic for all of its members on Saturday afternoon, July 24, at 2 p. m. The program for the afternoon includes swimming, with a picnic supper served at 6. Arrangements to attend must be made befoi'e Sunday, July 18, by calling either James Penile at 2670, or Betty Jane Rihordy at 3471. Tritons To Hold Mixed Swim Friday At 7:30 Mixed swimming will be sponsored by the Triton club Friday night from 7:30 to 9 p. m. in the pool of the Women’s gym. Suits and towels will be furnished to all. Girls should bring bathing caps and
slacks.
Admission for faculty women and men students is ten cents, while those not connected with the University will pay 26 cents. Eds must bring passports, and facility women and outsiders must present medical certificates at the door. University Coadi Asks For Golf Donations For the benefit of soldiers, saiiors and marines on campus, an appeal has been made by Hairy Allspaw University greenskeeper and/golf coach, for donations of extra golf clubs or golf bags. The University has made it a policy to check out golf clubs and golf bags free of charge^ to service men assigned to the University for training, but week end play has been so heavy that it will be impossible to supply the demand unless donations of equipment from the geneial public can be obtained to fill the lack. Any golfers who have extra clubs or bags they would be willing to donate for the use of the service men are requested to phone 2876 or 3076, Notice There will be a meeting of the Exponent Board, composed of all junior and senior office holders and fg,culty members, this afternoon at 4 in the conference room of the Agriculture Experiment
Station.
—BOSWINKLE Kappa Delta Pi . . . national education honorai’y, announces the pledging of Saiah Andrew, Harriet Christian, and Carl Feaster.
Sykes Will Play 'Man' In Playshop Next Wednesday Once again donning grease paint and wigs, the Playshop gang will present the story of the “Man Who Came To Dinner”—and stayed— next Wednesday through Friday, with a special service man’s show Saturday, July 24. ' Filling the wheelchair as Sheridan Whiteside, George Sykes will portray the goateed, schemeing, biting, “poison little children” man who thiusts his famous self, plus broken ankle, onto the bosom of a small town family. Calmly handling the onrush of telegrams, mummies, octapus, and celebrities, the “Man’s” secretary, Maggie Cutler, played by veteran Carolyn Wood, goes small town in a big way to get, first, a husband, and second, away from Whiteside. Tall, angular Miss Preen, whose name is self-explanatory, has the doubtful priviledge of seeing the famous one face to face, day after day, when she is called into nurse the ailing ankle. Connie McCoid plays the lady in white. The small town family, which becomes a slave on its own doorstep, is Mr. and Mrs. Stanley, alias Waldo Margulis and Elaine Kali. From the moment in which Whiteside presents himself on the steps as a guest until he leaves, the Stanley home IS merely four walls surrounding the great parsonage and his managerie of friends. Sundries among the large supporting cast are Banjo, played by Bob Padorr; Dr. Bradley, Jack Richland; Beveiley Carlton, Milton Kaplan; Lorraine Sheldon, Betty M. Wedge; Bert Jefferson, Glenn Alaback. Also included in the repertohe are Richaid Wolff, Sarah Andrew, Art Barab, Mary Lou Sternbeig, Ann Bradley, Margaret Slate, Dave Welch, Bill Clemens, Crews Purkey. Betty Gray is the looney
Hariiet Stanley.
Ross Smith, of the Speech Depaitment, is diiecting “The Man Who Came To Dinner”, which is well into blocking of the acts at this time. Staging will be taken care of by Kenn Carmichael, who is to report to the Navy July 28. George Kaufmann and Moss Hart, co-authors of the production, patterned their main character after the late Alexander Woolcott, satiiical writer, actor, philospher, and general enjoyer of living. Another hit from the above pens is “You Can’t Take It With You”. Season playshop tickets will be good for “The Man”, and single admission tickets for 76c per person aie on sale in the Fowler Hall box office Monday through Friday from
1 p. m. to 6.p. m.
The special service men’s performance i$ free to all seiwice men
and their dktes.
AWS Conducts Survey On Vocational Plans Of University Coeds In addition to the war effort surveys being conducted this week by AWS, vocational interviews are being given in collaboration with the Placement Service :^or Women. These interviews are scheduled in order that the Placement service can obtain up-to-date information. Results of this survey will be used by the Placement service in helping women to obtain job open* ings. AWS plans to set up a regulafl, vocational committee to notify women of jobs that they might be interested in whenever they indicate on the interviews that they are interested in applying’for such a
job.
Information On Option Blanks that women are filling out this week include information on their major or option and the courses they have taken in school. Courses of especial interest are mathematics, physic^, chemistry, time and motion study, drafting, engineering drawing, statistics, accounting, seci’etarial training, foreign languages, and geology. Information is also asked on how long the women intend to remain in school, if they are interested in registering with the Placement Service for women and receiving notices of job possibilities. Notice Subscribers to the Purdue Engineer who have moved in the last few days please, call at the Engineer office in the Union and have address changed. —J. T. KIMBRELL
Saturday Evening^ S:3Q AWS, WAA To Sponsor Gala Affair For All On University Tennis Courts Every phase of a rowdy, old-fashioned carnival from dart throwing to the inevitable shell and pea game (there’s one bwn every minute) will be featured at the dance-carnival to be held from 8 r30 to 10 p. m. Saturday on the women’s tennis cqurls. Sponsored by AWS in cooperation with WAA; the eaml’irtid will feature the Bohemian spirit with plenty of novelty dmnses 1— to encourage mixing and
ting acquainted.. Against a colorful backdrop stinmlal^iij^ a Grant Park-ish bandsh^^
Harry Reed and his
strung hep-cats will give out for barn dances, square dances, Virginia Reels and just plain danchlg, starting at 9 p. m. until everysia
gets tired.
Dance At Mercy Of Barab
Thejnsane Art Barab of Playshop
left the campus after as master of csSttiseries of talks and con- monies in his own inimitable style.
so there’s no telling to what esrti’emes the nimble Reamer will car-
ry things.
Booths of ail descriptions will line the cement courts, vying with pu7,”acccompaniedTthe Engiishma^n
to Indianapolis wh^re he addressed portrait the Purdue Alumni Club. sketching, side shows, groomiH^ In describing the English meth- J®t tp ods of food production during his ^ ^e barkereA stay, Cassell told of the commit- loudly by each sorority, co-op house, tees of farmers, farm hands and fraternity and residence hall, other Ipcal men in each community Popcorn And Cakes Sold or local division who determined Under glowing Japanese lanterns, what each farmer should grow, how “Dad” will peddle lush popcom much of each crop he should plant while Gimlets try to out-yeil-5ieaHl“ and when and where he should ers and Gold Peppers quietly ishpft
Ag Leaders Confer With English Food Production Official Yesterday, John W. Cassels, director of food production for the county of Durham, in Northern
England, holding £
ferences with University agricultural officials. Ml’. Cassels has been lecturing and visiting here since last Thursday, T. R. Johnston, director of information on the cam-
work, according to J. W. Lambert, Experiment Station Director. After the first outbreak of the war, British farm planners in the
change customers—all this to encourage the consumption of cokes. All service men, RCA, Wright and Wright Field girhi and
Ministry of Agriculture realized. University students are urged to
according to Cassels, that England might at some time have to rely almost entirely on home produced food, and so a rigid control system was set up. This works through the
local committees.
At the present time Britain supplies two out of every three meals
eaten in the isles.
Main crops in England are milk, grain such as wheat which they call corn, barley and oats, and potatoes, named the insurance crop, due to the large quantities which can be
grown. \
Food has the Number one priority in England even superseding miiitary needs. A request for a military air field would have to be approved by the ministry of Agriculture before appropriation by the Air Force. However the ministry is obligated to fill the army require-
ments.
Miik, the largest product, is supplied in enough quantities to give each British child one pint a day which when compared to American usage is not tremendous. However, Casseis said that British health has improved taking evei-ything into consideration since the start of the
war.
Bombing, although infrequent, (See AG LEADERS, page 4)
come and make the carnival a Success, for every one present Will be offered the opportunity to dandeanA
have fun.
If any other group on the campus
would like to run a booth, notify Betty Murphy or Nelda Reed thi# week. ’ ;
'A' Gasoline Forms Arrive New forms for gasoline ration
book “A” have arrived at the Transportation Office, room 206 *&i the Administration building.. ‘‘All faculty and staff members and employees of the University are asked to appear there for their applications, if they have not already dime
so.
Mudboll hey there clarence
when i die i
don’t want to be ~ cremated the last few days temperature is just about as high as i can stand
—MUDBALL
National Survey Shows Collegiate Newspapers^ Editorial Comments Are Not Entirely In Vain
Do college students read the editorials in their campus newspapers ? The cojlege editor often feels what may b"d the apparent futility of composing and publishing editorial comment, but statistics on college reading habits just produced by Student Opinion Surveys of America bring a new note of encouragement and furnish one measurement of the power of the undergraduate press. Nearly two out of eveiy five students in a national sampling declared that they had read the editorial matter in the current issues of their respective school papers published when the poll was being conducted. Interviewer’s over a cross-section of representative colleges and universities stopped students on their camphses, and placing before them the editorial page of their own
newspapers, asked, “Have you read any of the editorials on this page ? ” Those who answered yes were further queried, “Completely or only partly ? ” Here is the national tabulation: Had read editorials— Completely . 39% Only partly 36% Had not read edit 26% Only two per cent of the stud#its contacted declared they did not remember! It is not possible to assume that those who said they had read the articles only in part may be included with the regular editorialreading public college newspapers enjoy. Some of the “paxt readers” may have gathered the gist of the articles, while others may have read just a few lines. What is sure, however, is that only one-fourth of the national enrollment during this
typical week selected for the survey had not as much as skimmed
editorial columns.
The following sectional tabulations reveal that although readh^ practice is quite uniform over tiw country, students in western schoois are the most avid readers:
All
Part
Nbnd
New England
34%
33%
SS%‘
Middle Atlantic
36
48
IS"’
East Central
36
36
28
West Central
46
34
21
South
33
26
41
Far West
61
28
21
It might be added that most students at the University ueem t® read the editorials, ai my, which was evidenced by tike abundance of “Letters to the tor” brought forth by a v«iry‘»eae«t editorial appearing in the nenti*. V
a ^
1^2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, Jrpyd^, i943
■wiK**
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business ^lUdue Memorial -Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, fhone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10pm, 5377
toAornsr Editor jMKor Ii|ilk0rei7 Bnsiness -Manaeer With the Gillora
William G Hoakins Dale £ Bntz Gerhard H i^louman
mneesa Manager Ito^tEdftur jBditor Mmrtiaing Manager fijSrts ^itor Chid Editor
Robert W Boawinkle Mary Dills Sally Beall Donald E Brewer A Jane Keim Joseph S Dawson Jean Lauer
Publication Staff t Editorial Staff Aiiociate Editors H B Abbett C C Martindell E F Mur phy W H Tvson W L Vermilion C J Wilbur CAtd Staff Ruth Ford Madehn Grotnes Katherine Howes ptiblrta Staff R M Lipes R J Smith C E Sowards
Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager C L Gaunt Ldyont Director T B Tabb Circulation Manager R G Sauerman
Editor-In-Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squicr
Staff For This Issue
Day Editor Ford
Night Editor Grotnes Issue Editor Tueshurg
Reporters Margalis Swerdloff Steffes Hahlns Baynes
Wintered as second class matter art the post office lln Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 arid at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oc ober 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tuesday Thursday and Saturday mornings dui ing the yeai except certa i vacation peiiods Delivered daily by tiarner for $1 2j for a semester by mail for M GO for a semester Subscriptions mav be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union Represented for i ational advertising by Nationdl Advortis ing Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Mkdison Ave New York N Y
Cooperation Needed... It seems as though t'his has turned into a private army-coed battle when in the fiist pikee the lecent editoiial was not diiected to the aimy men ASTP men have been on the campus for some time now and ba\e given the coeds the impression that they aie men as well as “gentlemen” And up to the piesent you new army men have ci eated the same impressions Proof of the fact that you are (if I may quote one wiiter) “intelligent well selected gentlemen” IS found in your indignant answers to my recent editorial Since you have displayed your dislike for narrow-mindedness, why not practice what you pi each, and give our side of the situation a little thought I should also like to straighten you out on another point—my recent edit was not intended foi the majority but for the so-called “few” who p^jsist in acting like a bunch of high school kids And I would appieciate any suggestions you have to olfei on how we can pick out the minority fiom the majoiity I was not condemning anyone, but only trying to show J. ou how the coeds felt about these netv “signs of recognition and appreciation” Might I say I rathei like them better than the recent “boos” Remember we had just as haid q social adjustment to make as you fellows, so why not give us a break and make a few allowances foi us Oui reserve is bioken down but how about building yours up just a little bit—meet us half way and then we’ll believe that you’re “just like the boys we sent away ”—m a g We Don't Want PoUyanna's But. . . One can’t expect civilian students to develop Pollyanna-like attitudes overnight, on the other hand, theie isn’t much point to some of the thoughtless complaining of some students since the V-12 and ASTP students began then classes on the campus Some of the cavihan students have felt—^and have loudly stated—th,at they have been getting “pushed around” by the University while the army and navy groups have been favoied It is natural to resent losing a favoiite instiuctoi; it IS difficult for both students and instructor to be changed so close to the end of the semester, and being ciowded into smallei classrooms is ceitainly no pleasure now that Lafayette’s summei weather has finally airived with a bang However, any thoughtful student who stops to consider the matter at all must surely realise that these minor annoyances are due only tp the difficulties of arranging classes for an ^ditjonal twenty-one hundred students and certainly are not due to any so-called “favoritism” In fact, since the navy class schedule is so similar to the regular University program, civilian students will actually benefit fiom the navy pwgram m that they will be able to legister for almost all navy classes eUcept for a few specialized ones such as those on naval courtesy or mai me history Obviously, with roughly twenty five bundled civilian students plus approximately twelve hundred V-12 students, the University will be able to offer a much laiger number and a wider range of classes when the navy and Umveisity semesters coincide beginning in November Already, 32 civilian students who miemd the University July 1 are attending daises along with the V-12 men The army progmm, howevei, will not include such
qL yttSiwwTOH i °.iNarasg yfem-eo-iliulii
By LkkKy
By DREW PEARSON Ajrmy Air Forces Decry Method Of 'Classical Warfare'; Sfraliegy Of Cox Committee Unfair To TCC WASHINGTON—A new phiase has developed among Wai Depaiiment stialcgists in mapping out opemtions in Sicily and the Mediteiianean It is “classical waifare The Aimy An Forces have coined the phiase m then disiie to thiow cold watei on the “classical” foot soldiei methods of the oldei seivices of the Aimy, and to push ahead with all out an attacks Classical wai faie, they say is like studying Gieek and Latin in a day when we need Sapnish, Russian and Fiench This debate began befoie the landing in Sicily and continues now legaiding futuie possible opeiations m Saidinia Coisica and Italy itself Compromise In Invading Sicily The method used in invading Sicily was a compio mise among land an and naval elements, lesulting in the ‘peculiai amphibious opeiations” Chuichill talked about But the An Foices believe they can move even fastei and more effectively in conqueimg othei paits of Italy if they don’t have to be tied down by classical warfaie For instance, with bases in Sicily, Army airmen think they can so pulverize the industiial plants of northern Italy that they can bomb that country out of the war without waiting for huge landing operations to come up and help them Then with air bases in northei n tialy they are with in lange of the hidden synthetic gasoline and rubber factoiies which Hitler has moved into Austria and Czechoslovakia Thus step by step, the an forces believe they can knock out the enemy without lesoiting to classical waifare Axis Planes Knocked Out Here is one significant thing Aimy an men point to During the^en days just befoie we invaded Sicily the Nazis had been sending a lot of new planes into Sicily and southern Italy But aftei one day of fiesh Axis aii stiength which was heavily damaged by U S pi ines theic followed a day oi two of weak lesistance In othei woids Axis planes weie knocked out and h id to w iit loi i einfoice ments These leinfoicementb kept coming up until about two days befoie the inv ibion aitci which Axis air lesistance was light Cox, The Fox The Cox Committee investig iting the Fedei il C om munications Commission having set one lecoid foi violating the Ameiican spiiit of fan play now is out to beat it^own lecoid Filrst its chan man Representative Eugene Cox of Georgia having been accused of illegally taking a $2,500 lobbying fee is now placed in the unique posi tion of sitting 111 judgment on his accusers—the I CC The Georgia Congressman at one time had so many relatives on the government payroll that the total take of himself and family was $56 500 This is meicly four times greater than the salary of the Vice Presi dent ,neaily three times the salary of Chief Justicq Stone Neiertheless when the FCC sent the mattci of Cox alleged lobbying fee to the Justice Department for ciimmal prosecution Cox fick into a tantrum and started a Congressional probe ot his accusers Now his committee his gone one step tuithei and has devised a system of tiying to shut up iny lebuttal fiom the Fcdeial Communications Commission so that only one side can be heaid (It might he a good idea foi the public to lemembei this in leading news about the FCC investigation) Strategy Set Up For Committee Authoi of the stiategy of letting only one side of the news pictuie get to the leading public is Robeit
Who Knows
The KAT cult have been pulling in the nets laden with catch Fust on the congiatulatoiy iostium is lanet Glatz who, aftei only last week having accepted the pm of— IS about to many—one Jim Rush, of football and Phi Delt fame But this let it be undei stood, is no slid den noi staithng innovation foi it has come about comfoitably and natuially aftei a shoit couitship of some six odd ycais Theta Ruth Fnar has been waltz ing about m a symphony of wed ding bells evei since donning a de lightfiil diamond fiom Bud Shively
3bdbiM, to, the £diJbfi.
August 12th in fact would ap pcai to be a led lettei day to moie than the above mentioned pan foi on that same golden day Beta Don Brcwci, Expo’ Managing Ed’, is inailying Anne fuller town giil
Humphieys of International News Bei vice icting
advisei to the Cox Committee Humphieys wiote the ^'illowing which it is hoped they memo foi the committee -which was cnculatcd to happily evei aftei cveiy membeis by its counsel Eugene I Caicy THE PIN TOSS UP Phi
Salient poi lions of the memo follow
‘ Decide what you want the newspapers to hit haid
Gam Bill Purman has at last exec uted the inevitable and planted his
cst and then shape each heaiing so that the main point tendeily on the chaste bosom of
becomes the voitex of the testimony Once that vortex
IS leached ADJOURN
‘ Do not permit distractions to occui such as ex traneous fusses with would be witnesses which might provide news that would BURY the testimony which
you want leatured
‘Do not spate healings more than 24 or 48 houis apaif when on a controversial subject Jhis gives the opposition too much opportunity to make all kind ot
Chi 0 Betty Murphy As was men tioned once befoie in these columns —a nicely stimulating combina
tion
The Beta lemains weie ovei seie nading the Alpha Chi’s the othei evening and foi the following ten del leason Jodie Hobbs has ac cepted Lowell Hedberg’s pm Which
means that heie is one Puidue Ed who managed to get in undei the lope befoie the onslaught of the V 12 Heaitiest congiatulations’
countei charges and leplies bj issuing statements to
the newspapers
Don t eiei be afiaul to lecess a heaung even for liie minutes so that you keep the proceedings com pletely in contiol so fai as cieating news is conceined
“And this is most impoitant Don t let the heaiines same may be said foi Croll 01 the evidence evei descend to the plane of peisonal foimeily of Caiy Hall who fight between the Committee Chan man and the head managed to become of the agency being investigated Ihe high plane of ^R^aged to Marian Sieb of the a duly authoiized Committee ot the House ot Repie Previously mentioned Alpha Chi sentatives examining the opeiations of an Agency of *^*iregas And yet
the Executive Bianch toi constiuctive piuposes should
he maintained at all costs ’
Humphieys mstiuctions have been caiefully foi lowed The Cox mquisitois have met foi shoit ses bions then quickly adjourned beloie any inembei of the 1 CC could lefute then chaiges Most Congiessmen—and the majoiity believe in fail play—aie getting moie and moie ted up with the
Cox tiavesty
time still con
tinues to luich foi wai d
The batch of eligible Kappas is dwindling fast away it would seem ■—on the 22nd of this month Maren Chesnutt is being maiiied to Phi Gam Lt John McAllister who has been couitmg the little gal evei
since fieshman days
And not two days latei Phi Psi Bob Llimer will stiike happily foith fiom Annapolis wheie he has been spending hib tune becoming an en sign to lapse into a state of wedded
mixed classes since it is based on a 12 week semester while the University and navy piogfams operate on a 16 week semester
Just as it has been up to the University to with Marilyn Jo Gardner accommodate itself to the navy program by Finally and just to make the
aiiangingtheintiasessiontogettheUmver-
, , , ,, ,, , the same clan is fiantically accuin sity sijjmester in step with the navy semester, ulatmg thousands of coy little hope lather than attempting to dictate to the navy, chest aitides foi the day (August civilian students must realize that they should l^th) when she mames Jordan Me be willing to make allowances tor any difficul- Aimy Lt and foi ties which may aiise rathei than expressing legime needless resentment against the service men j^^t by way~77assing lemaik And always to he considered is the state- the DUs have been doing a good ment oi Professor Hockema, assistant to tho Job ot le adsoibmg then pms this president, that students can always count on ‘Statement made with paiticulai the Umveisity being as “fan and square” as ^wo old tned and tiue possible in attempting t a take caie of every- Blackball A fine time m hfe,
one .-k m h. ...
LUMA TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
mmn Acnm
THE
PLUS—SECOND HIT
A Riluiliirc plcluig
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbett
When various pieces of land and nations which have been closely connected with the Axis begin to drop away ,it is a sure sign that all is not well within the Axis stronghold. The first pebble to drop from the Axis mortor is Martinique. Admiral Georges Robert’s Tesignadiion is fairly simply explamed because of the plight ithat is now facing the Axis in the Mediterranean. If this pro-Vichy-German ad- —,
ministrator had seen the wind blowing in another direction he would not have deserted his post but rats always desert a
/terns Of Interest Around The World If she IS asked And someone al-
smkmg ship before the going ways is asking hei Mrs Roosevelt gets to tough and the Mai Unique is moie than willing to ^ive the an- , , ^ , ,, swei to any question which is asked
lathasdeo ted Othei nations will
follow suit, and as the vast Axis nothing to do with any Contest, does
empire is whittled down to nothing jnoie countiies aie going to pick up then bundles and not so quietly
steal away
“Mother’s always giving me advice about men—but if she knew men so well it doesn’t seem to me she’d have settled down to cooking, washing and slaving for one ” The Ratio
Editoi Puiduo Exponent Deal Sii Thiee V 12 men fiom anothiGi state weic impiessed with the beauty and magnitude of the cam pub and buildings of Puidue Uni
new Alma
Matoi we natuially wished to ac
some time in the not too i emote veisity
In adopting
And then lust to give things that old finished appeal ance Annie Os
trandcr is hitching little led wag ouiselves with the tiaditions ons with Exponent Spoils Editor and loie of Puidue but were disil loc Dawson aiound August 12th lusioned upon visiting the giave oi which explains why foi the past John Puidue the man whose name month she has been heaid on ic fhis Umveisity commcmoiates m peated occasions humming the finding it so pooily kept The only mellow stiains of “Kiss The Boys maikei we could find was a placque Goodbye ’ A noble past time to be bcaiing the name John Puidue blue and an aiiow pointing to the place of his biiiial Ceitainly this is not a
fitting tiibutc to Puidue noi is it a good example of the standaids of
this fine Umveisity
Veiy tiuly yoius, Ihiee V 12 men
not divulge such personal infoima-
tion
As does the President eat crackers in bed"^
The time has come for the gen
tlemen in Washington to call a — halt to all these gasoline investi in leplying to one questioneei, gations and get down to the actual Eleanoi had explamed that the fact business of deciding what can be that all foui of hei sons hold offi done about either giving gas to the cers commissions m the aimy and east or taking it away from the rest navy is puiely coincidental, inci of the count! y Jimmy Byines has dental and detnmental, and due to decided that anothev-mvestigation diligence haid woik application, IS in order and it might be, but and a burning desiie to seive then this should be the last foi some countiy plus the fact
time to come The people of the east and the lest of the countiy have been told a half dozen times about what IS going to happen to then gas and each time it has been a diffeient stoiy The civilian gas neives have been fiayed about to the bieaking point and one moie m vestigation is about all they can stand so it should be made a thoiough one and then have the final policy set upon its findings
That their name is Roosevelt
She also added That neaisightedness helped
John L Lewis has found that he h vs another bad piomise as fai ab his IS conceined on his hands be cause of his lemaik that the mineis would letiiin to woik if the mines wcie letuined to then oiigmal owneis Piesident Roosevelt has called Lewis lemaik and it is now
All of which pioves nothing, ex cept that the pool boys haven’t got a chance Just as the ‘I Want lo Be A Captain Clubs” have dis band Eleanoi has to exhume the ca davei to see if it is leall^ dead Af tei all what is good Justification Those as believes figuied it was okay befoie And them as doe&n t can only say of hei leasons Even if they was good I wouldn’t like ’em
All mai shall foi the Geiman Reich Hei man Goeiing hid bettei
up to the countiy to pass judgment chalking up a few victoiies foi
Hen Hitlei oi mastei mind”
as to whethei Lewis will fulfill his piomise Dining the last election Lewis piomised to lesign as head of ihe CIO if Roosevelt was le elected Roosevelt was le elected and Lewis did keep his piomise but if this blusteiing man lefiises to keep his mouth shut ho is liable to piomise that he will jump off Niagara Falls if the Piesident is le elected foi a fointh toim A lefiisal to keep such a piomise would make many people mad because no bettei way could he thought of to do away with this tioiible m ikei If the inineis still lefuse to letuin to woik Lewis is going to have one haid time ex plaining to the Ameiican people
Adolph will be sending him off to u camp To concentrate on the problem (See ITEMS Page 4) ind if his men do letuin to woik laboi might gain a little of the countiy s good giaces hack
Placement' Notes For Women The Civil Seivicc Commission at Washington D C announces posi tions at the National Buieaii of Standaids at Washington D C foi technical aides in quaitz ciystals (Tiainees) at $1620 pei year plus ovei time pay Pei sons iiiteiested in this may icceive fuithei infoi niation at Placement Seivice foi Womep (2955) —Iiene Feldt Diiectoi ‘The Nazis aie on then way to attack Chiang Kai shek fiom the leai ”
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW
jSelol)
Joan (intf lovely Jinx tjei on ' \)em t
ARC
COOL WASHED AIR
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
FIRST RUN WESTERN
TtViV Tex)
jiffi IIWIU
SPlUPiPi
and '
ALSO
■ ^ mum
— PLUS — PATHE NEWS
HELD OVER
THRU SATURDAY
ft^eHRUNDi Jf,
5WJNGS ^ Fay Baml-er - Richard Carlson - Spring Byington FAVORITES^ Mirta Eggerth - Connie Gilchrist - Leonid Kiiiskey!Xrmyf
• 'ta « t * !«|||^ 1t 7|k T Martne News..
Thursday9 July 19^3.
Fpr Service Men^ By Service J
Salvaaina Cetileris SuSbscr^tions. f , A erlance at the sttorv about coeda Sellinfir subscriu
USO Sponsors Officer's Ball, Dancing Class According to recent information
Army Confines Men To Siidi Camps For Teaching In Soldierly Conduct Editor’s Note: This is the second in a series of articles on Rehabilitation
Centers.
By Pfc. Jadk Martire
Rehabilitation Centers are meant for men who are not the most serious of criminals. By regulation, murderers, drug addicts and perverts are not sent to these centers. It is realized that such serious offenders would be more of a detriment to the general inmate population than they are worth. There is a
preliminary selection even before these men are sent to the salvaging centers. ' Serious crime must be differentiated in its civilian and military meaning. Desertion IS an extreme offense in the army, but there is no such thing in normal life. Murder brings down the high-
est penalty anywhere. Discipline Important
If discipline is important to a soldier, it is even more important to a prisoner. These men are in confinement because they would not or could not submit to army control. For this reason Rehabilitation Centers stress rigid discipline! In addition to all the usual military courtesies, the inmates are required to show theitiselves as prime examples of what a soldier should be. Theiropersonal habits are sarutiluzed and they must have their quarters and personal appearance up to the highest standard. The men are required to drill and attend classes one-half of the day while they work the other half. By this method the Centers hope to instill in the prisoner the seriousness of his offense and at the same time make him a better soldier who is proud of his
uniform.
System of Rewards It is well known to psychologists that the method of rewards and punishments is the best way to guide a person and the best way to make him behave. The R. C. discipline is lun along this line. The men are given certain privileges when they (See REHABILITATION, Page 4)
A glajace a|; the Story about coeds Selling subscriptions to soldiers waiting in the usual evening chowline brings us to an important problem whiph has arisen during the Inst few days. Much as we would like to it has been found impossible to distribute free copies of the Exponent (to soldiers, sailors and marines. ’ As a result, a sales campaign was started to sell the Exponent to service men, of which the three beautiful'Coeds were-a part, stressing the point that coverage of the campus was desired rather than sale of a large number of copies. Then as the Coeds found out last night, it was discovered that soldiers and sailors aren’t “loaded down y^^ith money” as the saying goes and' so some means of distribution “on the cuff”
had to be devised.
For the present, that is for a week or so, papers will continue to have free distribution to all parts of the campus. Orders for Exponent subscriptions will be taken in the meantime at chowline. These orders need not be accompanied by money in order to insure delivery of the Exponent when free distribution stops. Signatures on subscription blanks will serve as lOU’s and will be considered as such. Subscription payments will then be collected at the payline when the longed
for occasion comes.
Navy men, although numbering two-thirds of the total University complement of service men, have not yet been represented well on the page. Remember, it is your page, navy men, as well as the army’s. Show your shipmates what kind of copy you can write. Get in touch with Lt. Somers in the main office
received from their headquarters, Naval Training School, Cary Hall West, and begin writ-
the USO is planning to sponsor
Willfxploiti^ To Cartoon Cartoons and sketches by Eosell will grace this page in thfe future if ideas and time allow. The artist, Eric Resell, a Pfc. in A Battery, is taking (engineering here having recently arrived from Texas.* Sketches for a high school paper in Detroit were Rosell’s 'first atitempts to. make life more humorous for the public. ^After high school he took courses in cartooning at night school and then studied Under Bud Minge, cartoonist for a Detroit newspaper. “I was always .arguing with him though,” ‘said Resell, “but I probably learned just as much.” Resell enlisted in dihe -engineers but received his basic training with the infantry as is the case with most recruits. He was then transferred to the tank destroyers at Camp Hood, Texas, from which camp he was transferred here. He is baok in engineering again.
Prosptedive Naviri Qedrrdan's , Hepresoit Many NatienaWes, OccuiNtf^ The Eleventh Company graduating class here at the University JSFaval Training School presents a varied collection of occupations, nationalities and names. Graduation ceremonies for 192 bluejackets who have completed 16 weeks training in this electrical school will be held tomorrow evening in the Music Hall, Commander Hugh J. Niel, McGimis, McDermott, McBartley announced yesterday. Donnel, McGoun and McCalHster, Picked by the navy as a re- and there’s Ready and Kenny ahd suit of a series of aptitude Kerrigan, all representing the land tests, these prospective elec- of the shamrocks, trician’s mates, come from all And these names might sound corners of the country to prepare familiar on a Notre Dame gridiron for service with America’s fieet. squad or a house list in Eastern Varied Occupations. Qaezkowski, Kororosky,
Widely varied are some of the oc-
cupations followed by members of one company of sailors sent here to study, before they entered the
Sino’^^ski, Tamaseski, and Wosnow-
ski.
Then from the sunny south c£
more entertainment features for the benefit of the increased number of service men now stationed in La-
fayette.
This Saturday night an Officer’s Ball wil be held at Allen’s Dancing Academy, and a dance for enlisted men will be held in the Gymnasium y
mg some copy.
Who Rates A Salute, Or, Don’t Salute Sarge
By Pfc. Leo Friedman
For any G. I. who has been in the ranks long enough to get any basic training at all, a piece on who rates a salute, or highball, as the -dogface phrase puts it, must sound like a lot of lily-gilding. We know that we were practically weaned on lectures by bored PFCs and Corporals on how to tell an officer in fair weather and foul, when to salute immediately and when and Saturday dances for to call attention first, and all
men at Allen’s Dancing the other elements of military is simple; everyone in our armed
courtesy. forces or those of our allies with a But there are a lot of special commission or a warrant. If that conditions here, what with the territory for one , , p 1 sitting, let s limit ourselves to equivalents of a Camp Purdue American oflScers—and don’t forget and a Purdue Field and a good ship ^jj^t that includes nurses, and
of Jefferson High School.
From now on the USO lounge will be open to service men every night from 7 to 9:30. Another i-e-cently inaugurated feature is the dancing lessons given every Saturday night from 6 to 6:30 at Allen’s
Dancing Academy.
Besides the new features, the USO will continue its regular Wed-
nesday service
Academy, and the Quiz Shows broadcast every Saturday night at 8 over WBAA from the USO build-
ing.
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
HEY, FELLOWS!! HERE’S YOUR CUE FOR FUN. SPEND YOUR SPARE TIME AT - THE UNION PLAYING
Purdue—or is it Purdue Fleet? all living in happy propinquity, not to mention hordes of ROTC men with shoulder markings we never caught at Atlantic City or Bolling Field, or
nurses,
WAGS, WAVES, SPARS and Lady Marine oflicers. They all rate your
salute.
In their summer woi’k uniforms, officers are recognized primarily by
even in places like New York and insignia of rank on their collars. Washington, where it is considered Army, Navy and Marine officers all a nice touch to be up on Free -^ear the same insignia—gold bar French and British insignia. fQ^. Army and Marine second lieuWe’ll hold off the question of tenants and navy ensigns; silver when and how to render a salute— bar for first lieutenants and lieutensurely you’ve had enough on that— ants (j.g.); double bars for captains but there may be some interest in (Army and Marine) and full lieu-
ILLIARDS
COEDS, IF YOU HAVEN’T TRIED YOUR HAND AT BILLIARDS YET, YOU’VE REALLY MISSED SOMETHING. DROP IN ANY
TIME,
the question of who is who and who
rates.
Salute A Courtesy On saluting generally, of course, it must be remembered always that the gesture is a courtesy and should be rendered as such—and with pride in both the uniform you’re wearing and the uniform the officer you salute wears. You salute the service as much as you salute the man. His return salute to you represents exactly the same thing. One other general caution goes with this: make your salutes snappy. The sloppy salute doesn’t reflect at all on the officer you’re giving it to; it does reflect on you, your attitude towai-ds army life and your general makeup. Who Is Saluted As to who is saluted, the answer
tenants in the Navy; gold oak leaf for major and lieutenant commander; silver oak leaf for lieutenant colonel and commander; eagle for colonel and Navy captain; and stars for generals and admirals, running from one for brigadiers to four for full generals and admirals. When an officer wears an overseas cap, his rank insignia will also appear on it. Look At Shoes Incidentally, if you’ve been wondering how to tell an Army officer from one in the Navy when they’re both wearing summer tans without jackets, look at their shoes. Brown for Army, black for Navy. When they wear jackets or coats, the insignia of rank is worn on the shoulders. In the Army, and Ma(See WHO RATES, Page 4)
Jooiiruy,— ■ with CABkIEL By Pfc. Gabriel Elias “THE SIN OF GROUP PUNISHMENT” You characterize sei'vice men as disreprectful. Why ? Because one or two may have approached you on an open and equal basis? Would you doom 8000 men forever for the rare acts of one of two ? By lumping 'all service men in one group and attributing to all the unusual lapses of the very few, aren’t you mating the second sin of racist mob-denun-ciation to the first crime of rumormongering ? American fair play and sportsmanship call for healthy understanding and appreciation of one’s fellow-man; it is the Nazi who indulges his perverse sadistic prejudices by punishing all for the acts
of some.
Surely a little 20th century American understanding would dissipate your dread of our playful “whistles” and fi'iendly remarks. Most of your sisters laugh with us because they understand. Please do not sell them an attitude 6f group dislike alien to the true nature of the American girl. Spread tolerance, instead. Teach your sisters to understand that ours is a free, open, frank jocularity, — not the repressed smuttiness of the depraved. Our admiration of University Coeds emanates from our openhearted sincere neighborliness and should npt be likened to the loud lewdness of the drug store cowboys.
Scrutinize Record
To understand this, look at our records. Measure us by your standards: breeding, education and family background. Surely you realize that, according to the criteria you
navy. One was an optician, another Europe may have come such names was a railroad fireman, and another as: Amico, Barone, LaEocca, Nas-
was a cosmetologist. One was a per- centi, Pezzino, and Pignato.
sonnel manager for a theater, an- And sure enough, there is a Jim other was an interior decorator, one Smith and a Sam Jones, and a host was a brick mason and one was a Qf common every day ; Yankee radio operator. One made a living names like those in the days of'the
installing telephones and another American revolution, was a lens grinder. Home Addresses
In addition the class roll included Home addresses? They .come a former tool grinder, telephone from everywhere, from the Bronx lineman, a machine engraver, an in New York to the crossroads store aircraft riveter, a furniture store in an upper Minnesota back-coun-service man,.and a surveyor. There try settlement. Towns one normally was listed a photostat operator and never hears of, and towns that don’t an electroplater, a draftsman, and show up on the average maps, a ballasts assembler; there was an youngsters, engineering clerk, a typist, a print- together through a gigantic er and meter reader. There was a p^^cess that is part''of bookkeeper and an ordnance plant Amei-ica’s navy wartime routine, storekeeper, a spotwelder, and a are here at Purdue to study how to
subway worker.
keep marine electrical equipn^nt
There was one auto repairman, functioning, come what may. OTiey and a press operator a sheet metal may find their assignments as imworker and a grocery ejerk, a bur- portant as the pilots in the skies or glar alarm operator and a truck the gunners in the tanks or the sol-
diers on the ground; and ’though they may go through battles unherthe aided and emerge undecorated or unsung, their job is to keep the lights of liberty from going out.
driver, a farmer and a carpenter.
Different Names
And let’s take a look at
names.
Naturally there’s McManus, Me
Coeds Enter Lounge Of Military Quarters
Bartley Announces Three Promotions For Naval Ollicers
\ By Katie Howes
A.S.T.P. men have truly noble characters, we have decided, especially those who subscribed to the Exponent Thursday night while we were in the A.S.T.P. lounge in Cary
Hall on a sales mission.
Being assigned to do the job we were frankly doubtful as We ignored the huge sign “No Admittance, Military Reservation” |md entered the lounge. We shouldn’t have been amazed that so many of them were apparently eager to subscribe to the Exponent, but, fraukly, we were both amazed and
No Money
JhsL fijUAdwL TYlsmsfuaL lAmon, The Corner of the Campus—^ Yet the Center of Activities
on’t (ielay! xcellent Annual uy now!
Three officers were promoted to
„ , , , the rank of Lt. (jg), (Juhior
hold dear, we are, for the most part, announced today by superior to the non-selected ele- Commander H. J. Bartley, comments to whom you have not ob- the Naval Train-
jected. School.
Do not misunderstand us. We Ensigns Harold E. Tourney; Earl pleased claim no superiority, because we Woodward, and Harry Martin
prefer human equa ity to uman received the advancement in m. fnr (-Ep Am-izompnE hs grading. In our lives we recognize , i- fE' f reason for the amazement ft only the abilities of individuals to . . that, due to the fact that many of serve group welfare; as a result we Tourney is a resident of them were transferred to the Unihave substituted the test of human Houston, Texas, and was stationed versity shortly before payday and worth for the antiquated criteria to ^he Navy Base in Pensacola be- any future payday is still just a which you seem to cling. We re- reporting here for duty in An- rumor, many of them were almost
gust of last year. entirely lacking in anything ^ reLt. (ig) Woodward, ikrho has sembling money. But they stil made his home in Rochester, New wanted to subscribe to the extent York, came here a few weeks after that three of them dug deep down Lt. (jg) Tourney, and has estab- in their pockets to find the Last lished residence here with his wife twenty cents among them and make and family. ' a down payment on a joint sub-
Lt. (jg) MaiUn is the newest scription.
realize that they do not merely i-qp- member of the trio to come to the _ W^at pleased us most was that, resent, but actually constitute University and relieved Lieutenant m general, after they got over the American youth. When considering A. I. Pollack some two months ago. shock of seeing us in the army
quest no favors, for we abhor special privilege; but we do demand the respect due dignified equals. Remember Grandma’s Maxim MAGgie, when judging a group, remember Grandma’s maxim, “There are good and bad in every lot.” When measuring service men
eserve your copy Jt’s interesting ee your Debris Salesman
the ASTP, V-1, V-7, and ■V-I2 men, recall that we are college-bred America, differing fwnn those outside of our ranks only in that we were fortunate enough to meet selective I'equirements. Are the selected too poor for you? Or would you prefer to apply your own standards in the selecting process ? We are proud of our services and of our uniforms. Our group feeling is strong, and we resent all group slurs. Fortunately, we have encountered no difficulty in the past because America’s heart is so big and friendly that we have met hospitality and companionship everywhere. Only rarely have we been
Schedule 01 Events Friday, July 16—7:00 P. M. — Movie for members of Student Union in Purdue Music Hall. Feature —■“High Explosive”, Newsreel and Short Subject. Saturday, July 17—8:30-11:30 P. M.—“Dance under the Stars”— Women’s Tennis Courts, (University St. near north end of campus). Sponsored by Associated Women Students. 8:30-11:30 P. M. — Dance in North Ballroom of Memorial Union Building. Admission to couples
Price $5.00
Price $5.00
Mailed Anywhere in IJ. S. for 2Sc Extra
faced with mid-Victorian snobbery only. Sponsoied by Associated and stupid dislike, but we know Women Students. such attitudes to be rare and have 8:30 P. M.-—USO dance,—USO blamed only the specific individuals Lounge—6th & Ferry St., Lafayinvolved. How would it do for us to ette, Ind.
hold one hundred twenty million
civilians accountable for the im- , . ■ ■ poverished characters of five, ten or j-eplace meddling half-tiuths with one hundred of their group ? accurate truths ? Develop underWhatcha’ say, Ma^'ie, you be- standing, and excise prejudice, come like us? Whatcha’ say, you Whatchasay?—huh?—
lounge, most of them only needed to know that we were selling subscriptions before they decided to buy. However, we do remember the two privates who quietly bought subscriptions from one of the cOSds, and then went over to another timed and asked her to convince them that they should buy subscriptions. Only after they had listened to her praise the glory of the Exponent for a full five minutes did they reveal that they had already ’ sub-
scribed.
An Old Home Week developed when Pvt. Samuel Ford discovered that Ruth Ford was one of the eoeds. It only took a short while- for • them to discover they weren’t relatives, but he still told her oonfidentially that he was the’ lea'St littiB bit unhappy with the army because they wouldn’t give him a furlough to go to “Uncle” Edsel’s funeraL Buy War Bonds And Stamps
*> »A?
l^f If'
Pdg^S
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, July 15, 1943
85 Football Candidates Attend Opening Meeting Elmer Burnham, head football coach, officially opened \he four weeks of summer football practice last night when he met a squad of approximately 85 candidates, consisting of civilian
students, marines and navy trainees.
Members of the coaching staff were well pleased with the large turnout for the meeting, and the appearance of those present gave the coaches hope
1890 Marks Beginning Of First Dairy Building On University Campus
AMERICAN HEROES
BY LEFF
for an improved team for next season. A majority of the players attending the meeting last night were members of the V-12 program, and it is known that several others in this program who are planning to go out for football were unable to attend last night’s meeting because of military restrictions. These restrictions are likely to be one of the coaches’ chief obstacles during the season. Navy Wants Men To Play In his address to the candidates last night, Coach Burnham informed the players that Commander Bartley and other Naval officials wanted the men to play football if they so desired, but he also emphasized the fact that the candidates must maintain passing glades in all their classes if they are to remain on the football squad. Burnham also made it clear to the candidates that a constant check would be made on all of the players grades. Burnham told the grid candidates that the schedule with wffiich they w ould be confronted next fall would be a tough a one as anyone of them had ever played before, and that it would require a lot of hustle and coopeiation before the team would be ready for their workout with Great Lakes on September 25. Several From Illinois Included among the 85 candidates weie about 30 who have had previous collegiate experience. The most of these men came from the University of Illinois and the University ol Missouri, with the Illini’s All-Amer-ican guard, Alex Agase, probably being the most noted among the
group.
Schools from which the candidates came to the University range across the entire country with the East being represented by Franklin and Mai shall, the Far West by Ore^, gon State, the Northwest by North
\
By D. E. Wendell Although University courses are set up so that non-agricultural students have little or no occasion to visit the campus south of State street, the retail counter located in Smith Hall, represents the results of years of experimentation, research and instruction carried on by the dairy department on its products. The first dairy building was built in 1890 at a prdba^e cost o^ $600 and was' locatemrkretween a cattle barn and a windn&ll on the University farm. In 1895 Dean M. L. Fisher, former Dean of Men and then a student in the school of agriculture, was in charge of the dairy which was operated and cared for by the students. Butter was churned in a hand churn twice a week and the product was delivered directly to customers with a horse and wagon. • The milk was produced by the University herd consisting of ten jersey cows. The cream, which was separated by gravity, was pasturized by setting the cans in a tank of hot water. In 1912 Smith Hall, a two-stoiy building with a creameiy annex was designed and planned for a modern creamery with increased facilities for cai-rying out research work and advanced courses in dairy husbandry. Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the department and manager of the creamery, assumed his duties in 1921. New Machines Added In order that students may have up to date training in dairy manu-
11
•OTl,
1
I
Design New Publication For P' Men In Service
Classified Ads
Typewriicre: Adding macmnes; all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mlmeb-
Designed to provide a’medium for the exchange of news be- lafayetto!Vho"n; zns."
tween Boilermaker lettermen in service as well as between L.a„:"^d.amonds. watch«..
lettermen and the University, a new publication called “The
Boilermaker Letterman” has just made its initial appearance. ’ rrn • 1 „ Wanted—To rent, alto uaxophonc, good This four-page newspaper was inspired by a suggestion of condition, caii vevoz. Buzz naeger.
Athletic Director Guy “Red” Mackey and is published by the
Because he scaled the walls of the fortification at Kasba-Mehdia, French Morocco, and from that hazardous position diverted the attention of the enemy with his rifle fire, enabling our troops to enter through the main gates of the fort, Pfc. C. L. Mohler was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. He risked his life for you. How many more Bonds and Stamps can you afford, to help him? Figure it opt yourself.
Rehabilitation (Continued from page 3)
first arrive and these are lost only by misconduct. New arrivals stay in the first conduct class if they live up to the requirements of that highest group. It is realized that if the men had pi'ivileges that could not be lost or none at all, they would have nothing to work for. But—if a man realizes that he has something to gain by good behavior, then he will fulfill expectations. While one of the men was an inmate, a close relative of his died. Usually nothing could be done, but in this case the fellow was a model prisoner and he was allowed to go home
alone. He came back.
entire staff of the Riveter Athletic Department, with Bob Woodworth serving as editor. Contained in the first issue is a partial list of Boilermaker lettermen in service, excerpts from a few of the letters received by members of the staff from exRiveters, and also articles about some of the athletes who have had
unusual experiences.
Over 200 “P” Men In Service Over 200 “P” men are now scattered all over the world engaging in the vast struggle for freedom, and impromptu letterman reunions have been i-eported from Sydney, Australia; London, England, and North Africa; and some of the boys have suggested that application be
Notices
There is a Prison Court which may branch “P” clubs in Ber-
try and punish offenders. It is a sort bn' and Tokio.
Although the frequency of publication has not been announced, it is expected that the paper will be issued as often as possible. Copies of the first issue are being mailed to all lettermen, but future issues will
INWoRLOWftRIHejOlMED THE LAFAVEffE ESCADRILLE Afl^AKDWASSHOf DOWN , AHO capTorep av -The sermans, BUfEScAPEo-w//^ World mRtCHB'SAUEUt COLM fue AmiAiR. FoR^e abroad.
The captain then started his staff car and diove—light into camouflaged staff headquarters, wheel went through the wall.
TRY AN EXPONENT
CLASSIFIED
BUY WAR B0NDS^^^
Dakota, and the Mid-West by Iowa f^cturing, several new machines
have been added to the dairy’s
in addition to those already mentioned. One candidate is a former student at the University of Hawaii.
Scrimmage Final Week
Practice sessions for the next four weeks are scheduled to last from 4 until 5:30 each afteinoon. The first three weeks of the practice will be limited to signal drills and the like, with the entile last week being de-
voted to scrimmage.
Ag Leaders
Who Rates
(Continued fiom page 3)
rine corps, the symbols already enumerated are used; in the Navy
equipment. According to Prof. Ralph Roberts, superintendent of the cieamery, the ice-cream manufactured in ther plant is frozen in 17 seconds. After being fiozen in a continuous direct expansion freezer, the product is placed in a hardening room at a temperature of 20 degrees below zei-o. Fast freezing and quick hardening make smooth ice cream and prevent the formation of crys-
tals.
Research has always been an impoitant part of the creamery and many discoveries, changes, standardization of equipment and regula-
Ihe officer wears on his shoulders a tions brought about during the pad containing a star and strips of years can be directly attributed to gold braid indicating his Z’ank by lesearch. ' their number and width. By giving students training in Recognize By Other Signs ' modern dairy plant methods, the You can also recognize officers by dairy depaitment is able to graduother signs and it’s a good idea to ate men who are better fitted to do it even on dark nights instead of take their places in the dairy indusgetting set with an alibi to the gen- try and at the same time become a
eral effect that you didn’t know who
he was.
Cap insignia of Army and Navy officers are distinct from those of enlisted men in their services. Both weal distinctive open shields, with eagles. The Army enlisted man’s shield IS smaller and set on a lound plate; the Navy uses a simple insignia with an anchoi and a USN
inset foi its men.
Color And C'ut Of Uniforms Color and cut of umfoims aie al-
so distinctive. Navy white.s are unmistakable, as the new slate-giays \Mllbe. So IS the Ai my jacket. The leathei belt is anothei tip, as is a shouldei belt Aimy pinks may not
be worn by any but officers. Incidentally, if they’ve been
worrying you, heie’s how to tell ROTC office! s: the PU on the collar stands ioi Puidue Univeisitv. The
semce organization for the dairy industiy of the state. Hems (Continued from page 2) Goering seems to be right up there as far as command is concerned in the Nazis empire but then so was Hess at one time. Proving that the bigger they come makes no difference and even those with high or low “IQ’s” alike can be fools, it seems that we all are qualified for the job. . . If ue’re first on the draw.
(Continued from page 1) has continued but does not hamper food production, sard Cassels. Due to the war and the need forincreased food productron, iriechanrzation of English farm equipment has progressed with England producing most of the new equipment needed. Lend lease shipments from the United States are chiefly fertilizer and seed. Livestock curtailmept has been practically 50 per cent with a resulting increase in quality. Poultry stock was down 50 per cent at the beginning but has risen to 00 percent due to “back yard’’ poultry raisers. Ilf his short .stay here, Mr.'Cassels made several speeches. Monday noon, he spoke before the Exchange Club, Tuesday noon before the Rotary Club, and Tuesday eveningafter a broadcast over WBAA, he addressed the Klondike farm bureau. During these conferences and talks, he discussed the British system of food production and described war time conditions in England. Use More Fertilizer One of the factors that Mr. Cassels stressed was that the farmers of his native land use^ commercial fertilizers much more liberally oh then- crops than farmers do here in the United States. As a result he stated that an English farmer has RED ROSE CROWNS UPSWEEP HAIRDO
an average yearly wheat yield of about 80 bushels per acre. Upon completion of his visit to Indianapolis, the English representative will go to Chicago. Mr. Cassels is one of four British food officials visiting this country at the invitation of our government. Notice All students who are interested in 22 caliber rifle practice are urged to report to Room 104 of the Fieldhouse at 4 Monday, .Tuly 19. It rvill be pdssible to hold practice after 4 p. m. Monday through Friday. —M. L. CLEVETT
of company punishment but it differs in the sort of penalties meted out. For example ,a man may lose his mail and visit privilege for a few days or weeks. Jt is hard for outsiders to realize just what this
means, but to a man in confinement confined to service men
mail and a visit are of the utmost importance. This is their contact
with the outside world.
In extreme cases solitary confinement on a reduced diet is the punishment. Lest anyone think this extreme, these men are inspected daily
by the Medical Officer.
Another method of punishment is to get rid of the men. There was the case of the garrison prisoner who refused to obey the order of an officer. He was court-martialed, made a general prisoner and sent to Leav-
enworth.
Backed By Officers Finally, to enforce the regulations, the enlisted men from a buck private to a master-sergeant are backed to the fullest by the officers. The guards know that they have the right and duty to report infractions of rules and they need never fear that they will be embarrassed at the Prison Court. In each and every case, the word of the enlisted man takes preference over that of an in-
mate.
Through strict discipline, enforced regulations, hard work and military training these men are made to realize their alternatives in the army. That most of them benefit is attested by the fact that they work hard to be restored and when restored make the most of it. (The next article will explain the classification procedure of the men including their tests, interviews, clemency boards and eventual r-ec-ommendation for restoration).
DistinKuishod Students: Jlefuiids are available in Caahier^s Office. —HOLUN'SBEE August and December ME Graduates: If you want interviews with visiting con^panies, get instruction sheets, ‘‘request for interview” cards, and company list ih ME office this week. —BOLZ' Eta Kappa Nu: Rough initiation will be Saturday, July 17. Actives please sign in EE office for the banquet Monday, July 19. —CROUSE Student Union: All Union freshmen and sophomores please report to the Union Office today at 4:16 for special important meetirttf. —WOOLLING Chinese Students: Monthly meeting tonight at 7 :30 in room 302 of the Union.
—TSUI
Theta Alpha Phi: There will be an impol:tant dinner meeting at 6 :30 p. m. today in the west end of the cafeteria. —BARAB PlA Members: Picnic July 24 at 2 p. m. in Columbian Park. Picnic dinner and hwlmming. Call or leave message for James Penile, 2070, or eBtty Jane Ribardy, 3471. —PEHILLFJ Freshman Engineers: No meeting of BE 1 or BE 2 on Saturday, July 17. —KNAPP All Mole Students: Intercbted in ushering for the Playshop production, “The Man Who Came To Dinner”, on July 21, 22, 23—call 4269' between 1 and 6 p. m and leave your name. —DELONG
Several Brooklyn soldiers, now in
One four different parts of the world,
are betting on Uncle Sam and the Dodgers. They’ve written the ball club for reservations for- the 1944 World Series. i
3i/y WAR BONDS/
ist.
Funny thing about Ru.ssia. It’s too big for everybody but Russians. That’s where Napoleon started downhill. We just love the sight of Adolph’s legions retreating on their thou.saiui mile|hike homewa'rd, for
biown shield on the shut is stiictly "'ho get away fast enough, ROTC. The shoulder tabs? One, just think of the fine reception two and thnee buttons lor second then-i eturn. . . lieutenant, first lieutenant and ^^'>th Hitler acting as reception-
captain, respectively; one, two and three diamonds for major, lieuten-
ant colonel and colonel.
And they do not rate .salute.s—not
yet, anyway.
Cancellations According to Rgle 10b (Rules and Regulations Governing Students), “No course .shall be canceMed within the last lour weeks of any term.’’ Since Monda), July 19th is the beginning ol the last four weeks ot the current term, it will not be possible to cancel assignments alter Saturday noon, July 17th, even though passing. —DEAN OF MEN
It’s a funny thing about the draft
situation It kinda reminds one of a
bank night di awing-, only. . . Everj one hits the jack pot.
Each sei vice unit has its own
biased opinion of its^gioup. To the mai ine.s, they aie the snappiest outfit on caTO])us, just ask one of them But it’s a funny thing To see the mai ines and navy in civilian clothes Walking aiound campus. . .
I hey all look the .same to us.
ROOMS TO RENT? The Easiest Way To Reach Purdue Students
IS
A CLASSIFIED AD
time
y this
Buj Wat Bohds And Htamps tive.
It’s about column. . .
And do sonudhing moic const) uc-
" bin
i- -
Janette, lovely titian-tressed vocalist heard with Roy Shield and Company over WLW Saturday at 2 p. m., EWT, sports a bright red rose as the crowning fflory of her new unsween hairdo.
THE
in PURDUE
EXPONENT
SI
V ll
ll ' m