4
^ y.
<„i-£z'i I y„ yfysLi ip
N.
‘«e Purdue Exp one n»
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Thursday, November 11, 1937
NUMBER 51
Cheerleaders Arrange For Gala Team Sendoff Tomorrow night the last pep sesjsion of the season before the Indiana game will organize at 5:15 in the village to march to the Big Four Station, where the football players’ train pulls out at 6 o’clock for Madison, Wis. / Cheerleaders will be on hand to direct yells, although the band will not turn out^ Small pebbles thrown into horns at the last outside pep session so damaged the instruments that it was not deemed advisable for the organization to participate tomorrow.
University Stands Silent At 11 Today
Five Sophs To Vie For Championship In Hanley Contest Five finalists in the sophomore Hanley speech contest will speak tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. W. D. Craft, L. Hauprich, M. Karnowsky, J. E. Sheeks, a(hd J. Swander aie the five engineering students chosen in qualifying rounds. An engineering handbook will be awarded to the winner of the contest, and both first and second place winners will be eligible to compete in the final Hanley Contest. Prizes in the final contest, to be held March 3, will be $50 and $20 for first and second places. First and second place winners in each class contest will compete in the finals. N / Debris Sales Leaders To Receive New Folios Sale of the 1938 Debris at $4,50 is being resumed today. The Debris sales staff went on a short vacation at the close of the $4 sales drive, November 2. The 15 highest ranking salesmen will be given folio duplicates of the backs of J 938 Debris at a sales meetat a sales meeting at 4 o’clock today in the Debris office. Art Club Will Hold Season's Second Meeting Today At 4 Art Club, a Student Union activity, will hold its second meeting this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room D of the Union. As a seasonal activity the club group plans to make Christmas cards from linoleum blocks. Professor A. H. Carter, of the practical mechanics department, has offered to give freehand drawing lessons to any club members interested. Lessons will begin early next week in Michael Golden Shops, The meetings are open to all students. Paul Royster Will Talk On Unemployment Broadcast Paul Roysf^er, president of the Purdue Dads’ Association, will give a special radio broadcast at 2:30 tomorrow afternoon over WBAA on the unemployment survey to’ be made next week throughout the United States. Royster is chairman of a committee named by Mayor Teal of Lafayette to aid in the survey locally. A similar broadcast is to be given at 3:30 next Tuesday by Postmaster R. M. Isherwood and Deputy Postmaster Robert Connolly. Student Union Offers Third Bridge Lesson The third in a series of Student Union sponsored free bridge lessons will be given in the game room of the Union Building at 7:15 tonight. Unfinished instruction on the play of the hand, finesse, suit establishment, and trump operations along wi^ fundamental instruction on the importance of bidding will constitute tonight’s lesson.
Ask For Banners Junior cheer leaders request fraternities and sororities to prepare signs and banners. They ask this since the spirit and cooperation that these organizations show determine the success of a pep session. In order that everyone may be able to attend the session, junior cheerleader George Odell suggests having either early or late dinners scheduled at fraternity and sorority houses. Coach Mai Elward and Captain Marty Schreyer will be among the speakers at the station. Ninth Conference On Rural Electrification Opens This Morning The ninth conference on rural electrification will open its two-day meeting with registration at 9 o’clock this morning in the new Agricultural Engineering Building. This meeting is under the direction of the Agricultural Experiment Station, in cooperation with the Indiana Electric Association. Utility managers and specialists, electric equipment manufacturers and county agricultural and home economics workers are expected to attend the the sessions. Dean Skinner Will Speak Dean J. H. Skinner, director of the Experiment Station, will give an address of welcome at the first meeting. M. J. Briggs, Indianapolis, manager of the State-wide Rural Electric Membership Corporation, will speak on “The Indiana Statewide REMC Program.” G. O. Stewa:^, also of Indianapolis, commercial manager of the Public Service Company of Indiana, will discuss the “Farm Electric Program of Pxdvately Owned Utilities.” “Load Building by Farm Building” will be the subject of an address by George W. Kable at an informal dinner at 6 o’clock in the Memorial Union ballroom. Kable is from New York City and is editor of the magazine Electricity on the Farm. A round table discussion of electric insect traps and refrigeration by University specialists will be held this afternoon at 1:30 in the new Agriculture Engineering Building.
Organic Tops List Of Tough Subjects Organic chemistry, says the Bureau of Educational Surveys of New York City, is the most difiicult college subject. Basing its claims upon the number of college outlines and other supplementary aids to study bought by students, the Bureau listed college courses according to difficulty as follows: organic chemistry, statistics, physics, general psychology, inorganic chemistry, principles of economics, political science, greneral biology, history of the middle ages, history of Europe, American government, and English literature. Hoffman Meets With ASME Prof, J. D. Hoffman, of the practical mechanics department, will leave this afternoon for Anderson to attend the executive meeting of the central Indiana section of the
ASME.
Annual Agricultural Conference Will Be Held January 10 To 14 Organization of the annual Purdue Agricultural Conference, to be held this year from January 10 to 14, is now well under way. Prof. W. Q. Fitch, agricultural extension worker announced last night. University officials anticipate that more than 7,000 persons will attend this year’s conference. A score of agricultural and home economic organizations will hold their annual convention at the University during this week. As is always the custom the state corn and small grain, hybrid corn, and 4-H Club shows will also be in session. Bring Prominent Speakers During the Conference, speakers of national reputation will address attendants. Special classes will be offered in the subjects of soils, crops livestock, farm management, poultry, horticulture, dairsring, home economies, forestry, bee-keeping, agricultural engineering, marketing, insect control, and rural life. Attendance and rural amusement contests will be repeated. In the rural amusement contest, farm and village organizations will present a stunt, game, play, or other amusement typical of rural life. Elliott Discusses Reading Obstacles At Open Meeting What to read, where to read it, when it may be read, whether to read a whole book, and the results of reading books were the topics President Elliott discussed informally last night before a group of 76 students and faculty members meeting in the browsing room of the Memorial Union Building. Dr. Elliott prefaced his discussion by saying that a “mildly busy” person such as himself had just such problems. He proceeded to elucidate and clarify each obstacle in turn and gave nearly three-quarters of an hour to group discussion at the conclusion of his remarks. Meetings in the browsing room with faculty members talking on subjects pertaining to books and literature will be held the remainder of the semester. Dean C. B. Jordan Leaves To yisil’ Detroit School Dean C. B. Jordan, of the school of pharmacy, left last night to inspect the Detroit Institute of Technology for possible membership in
the AACP.
Institutions applying must prove eligibility by excellence of standards, equipment and courses offered.
Armistice Day Program Includes Firing 21-Gun Salute; Placing Wreath On Tablet In commemoration of the nineteenth anniversary of Armistice Day, all University departments will pause briefly in their activities this morning at 11 o’clock. Classes will not be dismissed, but members of the stalff have been asked by President E. C. Elliott to request all students and research workers to stand in silence during the firing of the 21-gun salute by members of the Purdue Order of Military Merit and Scabbard
and Blade.
A H Department Will Put On Annual Little International Exhibit Purdue’s Little International, an annual preview of livestock to be exhibited at the International Livestock Exposition in Chicago Novem^ ber 27 to December 4, will 'be put on in the Livestock Judging Pavilion next Wednesday. Sponsored by members of the animal husbandry clubs and the A. H. department staff, the show is arranged in order that students, faculty members, and the general public may view free of charge, these high quality fat animals. Livestock to be shown is the product of University breeding and fitting. Thirteen Hereford, Shorthorn, and Aberdeen Angus steers will make up the cattle exhibit. More hogs than any other claiss of livestock will be shown. All 46 of the Poland China, Duroc Jersey, Hampshire, Berkshire, and Chester White hogs to be taken are barrows. Twenty Shropshire, Hampshire, Southdown, and Rambouillet and crossbred wethers will constitute the fat lamb exhibit. Union Will Tune In On Peace Program At 2 A nationj-wide broadcast over the Columbia System in behalf of peace, under the auspices of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, will be held from 2 to 3 o’clock this afternoon. The program may be heard over radios in the Memorial Union Building as they will be tuned to it. On the broadcast will appear V. K. Wellington Koo, Chinese ambassador to France; the Marquis of Lothian for Great Britain; Count Paul Telski, former prime minister for Hungary; Signora Marghareitte Sarfatti, author of the biography of Mussolini, for Italy; William E. Rappard, director of the Institut Universitaire de Hautes Studes Internationales at Geneva, for Switzerland; and Dr. Nicholas Murray Butler, president of Columbia University; a member of the sponsoring organization.
You, Too, May Be A Hero (An Editorial) Names of 68 Purdue heroes—rmen who lost their lives in the World War—will be read this morning at the University’s annual Armistice Day services. Think, as the sound of each name echoes in your mind, some day you may be drafted into another great war and subsequently become another of Purdue’s “heroe^.” Every person wants to be a hero. Not every one, however, is privileged with being driven to heroism. War is in the aii^ today; no one can deny that. Nations are fighting in the Far East and in Spain, and many countries not actually engaged in battle are so diplomatically and financially involved they may ibe unable to avoid war. Who can believe the United States would remain neutral in another mockery of world struggle? Once this country declares a state ef war, we students have little choice in keeping out of battle. Shortly after the war resolution of 1917 passed the house of representatives on April 6, Purdue placed at the disposal of the government its entire plant, including its manpower, its facilities for research and investigation, its agricultural genius, its scientific and industrial learning, and its whole educational machinery. A regiment of almost 1,300 field artillery men was offered to the President. Most, perhaps all, of Purdue’s present heroes volunteered for service in the World War. You may be forced to become a hero.
At 10:55 o’clock, all occupants of the Memorial Union Building will be warned that quiet must be observed from 10:68 o’clock until the end of the 22 minute program. To Honor Purdue’s Dead A guard of honor, made up of members of Scabbard and Blade and POMM will place a wreath on the Memorial Tablet in the great hall of the Union Building. After this ritual, a bugler will sound taps. Tom Sheets, Student Union president, will read the Purdue Honor Roll, and Dr. Frederick B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied psychology, will give a short address. This evening, the Purdue Peace Committee, representing the Purdue Religious Council, Scabbard and Blade, WSGA, YWCA, Jewish Student Union, Scrivener, Roger Willioms Club, Wesley Foundation, and the Purdue Student Alliance, will sponsor an Armistice Day banquet at 6 o’clock in the Cynthia Jones Hall of the West Side Baptist Church. Bartlett To Speak Dr. Edward R. Bartlett, head of the department of religious education of DePaiiw University will be the guest speaker*. He will speak on “The Will to Peace, Is It an Illusion?” A1 Stewart will lead the group in singing. L. S. Winch, director of forensics of the speech department, will be toastmaster for this affair. Tickets may be secured at the Union desk up until noon today. Dr. Bartlett is also scheduled to give a 15 minute talk over station WBAA at 3:30 o’clock this afternoon. Student Pilot Hamer Solos Plying the University Airport’s new Taylor Cub, Emmett F. Hamer, student pilot, made his first solo flight this week, papt. L. I. Aretz, airport manager, announced yesterday.
Farmers Will Frolic Tomorrow Night In Ballroom Barnyard Costumed farmers and farmerettes will dance from 9:30 to 12:30 instead of from 9 to 12 at the Barnyard Frolic to be held in the ballroom of the Union Building tomorrow night. Newman Club officials in charge of the dance, changed the time because of conflict with the teachers’ training banquet. A slide from the balcony to he ballroom floor will again be consructed for the dance-goers. The couples may enter via the ballroom doors or by way of the slide, but use of the slide will be unlimited during the dance. Newman Club officials i-equest the couples to come in farm garb and will award a prize for the most “farmerish” costume. Bud Bryant and his hillbilly-cos-tumed band will play. Ticket sale is limited to 800, but some are still available at Deac’s, Southworth’s and the Uhion desk. Controller Stewart Will Address Milwaukee Alumni Speaking on “Purdue Progress,” R. B. Stewart, University controller, will address the Purdue Alumni Club of Milwaukee, Wis. ,at a diimer meeting at 7 o’clock tomorrow evening at the Astor Hotel in Milwaukee. The Dinner meeting will be in the nature of a pep session preceding the Pur due-Wisconsin game at Madison. Stewart will be accompanied by Walter Scholer, local architect, who has drawn plans for numerous campus structures. They will attend the game Saturday and return to Lafayette Sunday. Thomas Say Entomological Society Will Meet Tonight Thomas Say Entomological Society will meet today in room 103 of Agricultural Hall at 7:30 o’clock. Professor J. J. Davis will talk on the history and purpose of the society, and T. R. Johnston, publicity director of the University, will give instructions on writing acceptable magazine articles.
Patient Professor Makes Home Ec Physics Easy
, By Louise Daniel The usual noisy jabber of a first day in class was crowding the atmosphere in room 104. Suddenly complete silence descended. Prof. Mitchell had entered i^e room and was appraising the group of girls unsmilingly. A cold finger of fear touched the heart of each girl there. Prof. Mitchell walked to the back of the room, but not one head was turned to observe her progress. Too many tales of the difficulties met with by other girls had permeated all houses wherein girls could be found. Opens Window “Is it too cold with the windows all open?” Prof. Mitchell smiled at the girl in the back row. “No, it’s just comfortable.” “If it gets too cold, move nearer th^ front.” Prof. Mitchell had won the friendship and confidence of that girl by merely smiling her own particularly beautiful smile. A Woman Physicist Prof. Mitchell is, without a doubt, a woman physicist. She is not extremely feminine, but she applies her physics to things familiar to a woman. Her examples of the various laws are from the kitchen, rath
er than from cement-mixing, or some other male pursuit. She has the thankless job of drilling elements of physics into the heads of a lot of silly girls. Most of the girls have had a smattering of math, but very little of it can they apply in the working of physics problems. Prof. Mitchell has to combine the teaching of physics, mathematics, and common sense in her course for home economics students. A Patient Worker She is very patient. For instance a girl can’t understand how to clear an equation of fractions, so, after two classes devoted to explaining principles, she invites those who can’t clear fractions to come to her office, where she gives them drills. She dislikes to give failing grades but demands a high standard of work. Miss H— had taken the course twice, and flunked it just as often. Prqf. Mitchell, in commenting on it said, “Miss H—, you are not dumb, you just don’t under stand.” 'i^he lear ihat Iteld tilke class in its clutch on that first day of school has hem dissolved by Hie khudUness and patience of Pr^. Mitchell.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday. November IL 1937
Despite effoits of the Union committee and attendants to please patioils of the music loom, some visitors aie still finding' fault with the seivice there. Complaints, liovevei, seem to aiise from misundeistandmgs Oi selfishness among useis of the room lathei than fiom the supei vision. We were alvav=! undei the impression that music loveis weie a leseived gioup of people . . . that they weie sometimes ovei-caieful in avoiding ludeness to othci pel sons We have seen music loom guests ask otheis in the looin what recoi dings they wished to heai instead of selecting compositions of then own piefei eiices Evidently lecent visitois of the looin aie of a diffeicnt specie Can it be they aie such newcomeis to the field of music appieciation that they have not felt the model ating effect of music that they do not even caie to follow common lules of couitesy? Perhaps it is only that the offendeis do not have a geneial conception of coiiect music room etiquette What do you think of the following ideas as principles of couitesy which all mu^ic room visitors should observe An atmospheie of quiet shall be maintained at all times. The libiaiy of recordings will be open to requests at all times (except when scheduled piogiains are being given) through the agency of the browsing room attendant. Visitors are requested to share the privilege of selecting lec-
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER ^0ocmted j^otksistg 'Ifrcas MAOISOH WISCONSIN Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congiess of March 3, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct 3, 1917, authorized Jan 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscriptions $3 per year, by mail $3 60 RBPReSENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY NationaSAdvertisisig Service, Im. College Puhhshers Refircsentattve 420 Madison AVE New York N Y CHICAGO - Boston Los Angeles San Francisco MAIN OFFICE 312 N Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Olds With other people in the room. The books in the music room relate to the progiam being played and students are welcome to 1 ead them but not to take them out of the room. All recordings will be stopped one-half hour before any scheduled piogiam other than the weekly piogiams of recordings. The Union arranges daily scheduled programs of recordings for the hours of 11 a. m. to 12 noon and fiom 4 to 7 p. m , presents special performances occasionally, and displays exhibits of the Ait and Camera Clubs foi the enjoyment of visitors. Isn’t it about time these visitors offered their cooperation in making the music room more entertaining
Letters to the Editor
Anv letter to the editor must not exceed 150 WORDS in length, and must be accompanied by the writer’s signature Unless otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter If for reasons obvious to our readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence The Exponent assumes no responsibility for opinions voiced herein. Students Are Indifferent Dear Editor Your Sunday editorial vas ex cellent but as you know it didn’t do a bit of good The students seem indifferent to youi veiy loyal and worthwhile suggestion. Please continue to tiy to aiouse the discouraged spirit of both the student body and, indirectly, the team’s D. L. Fitting, Sci ’40. P S Beat Indiana ! ' All Good Things Must End Dear Editor In leply to R. B. Clymei’s letter in yesterday’s Exponent, I do not feel that either the space oi the time of the Exponent should he further utilized to perpetuate the quarrel between rival factions on the question of Piom or Gala Week elections. With 01 without allegations and 1 efei nces as to the hot place, to affirm or deny, to quote or misquote.
K U4.
LUMA Starts Today
2 First-Run Hits!
-PLUS-
A New Uaiversol Picture with KENT TAYLOR IRENE HERVEY
all good things must end So in parting let me say, that the lefeience to Jim Farley struck me as being very humoious, and in the same vein I promise to run off a senes of postage stamps commemorating the defeat of Mi. Clymei’s political party Also if the stamp collectois are in a buying mood an Old Gold and Black stamp with the winning Piom ticket theieon will be piovided I also hope my luck in foi ecastmg the results of the Piom election are as good as Mi Farley’s m the last national election If they are, I wonder who Maine and Vermont might be They certainly will not be the unorganized students A1 “Farlej” Ehlers, ME ’40. ‘Down The River’ Deal Editoi After a veiy careful perusal of the interesting letter submitted to the Exponent by A1 Ehleis, ME ’40, in legaid to the political status of PI A, we believe that only a fraction
ARC
TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
Robinson Crusoe” Serial
SUNDAY — MONDAY “Pick a Star”
“Let’s Make a Million’
fiMsaToday — Fri. — Sat.
TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
Charles Bickford
Marsha Hunt Gilbert Roland
plus
Two-Timing Crooks Crash Big-Time Hockey
“THE GAME THAT KILLS” —with—i Chas. Quigley
of the situation was discussed To state that the surface has been barely scratched is putting it mildly It seems that Mi Ehleis, a graduate student from Butlei, has taken upon himself the bin den of dictating the policies of PIA—and he a fraternity man himself This he intends to do thi ough “i epi esentative meetings of all of the fraternities in his clique with the representatives of PIA, such as the one meeting held last week (with only one fraternity piesent). As for “selling the unorganized students down the iivei,” Mr. Ehleis must be speaking of the treatment given unorganized students in the muddy Canal near his native Butler—^for it certainly can not happen here. There always have been and always will be unorganized students on the Jumoi Prom committee, any tin-horn politician would realize the students would stand for nothing of that unfair nature of which he speaks. J. A. Ogle, ME ’39
AN OPEN ditty' TO SIG EPS Of all the dizzy dopes Without an ounce of pep ^ That Purdue has taken Must belong to old Sig Ep. I’ve seen some dirty dealing And poor sports I have met But there’s no frat that’s come up to The SPE’s as yet. * If only Forster would think twice. Before he’s made to regret, But the Sig Ep backbone is just softsoap They couldn’t be different, I’ll bet. Sadly Sincere, CAMPUS CO-EDS. Note to Alpha Xi Ernestine Brown: Pete Bogue meant what he said the first time you asked him to youi pledge dance. He promises to say “NO” even if you ask him FIVE MORE TIMES. The ME, EE, ChE seniors are out on their inspection trips to Detroit and Milwaukee. Now no one ever heard ^hat Hiram Walker could be seen while in Detroit or that it was “Schlitz that made Milwaukee famous.” CLASSIFIED AD WANTED—A date to the Bainyaid Fiolic I have a comp and am eating lunch at the house all this week —PETIE LIGHT That’s two slaps at FORSTER all in one day, with him in Chicago and with the PSE’s on an inspection trip too. It’s also too bad that PETIE will have to pay her house bill for lunches this week. Getting out of paying for them all the time will be FORSTER’S only break. WHO’S PULLING THE WOOL?? Just fiom the looks of the thing so fai this yeai, it seems as though the SAE fieshmen weie doing a fan job of out-foxing the “foxy” uppei classmen.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
Starts Today TWO FEATURE HITS
THE GOOFY GUYS ARE ON THE ROAR PATH
"THE BAT WHISPERS' with CHESTER MORRIS UNA MERKEL
Also MICKEY MOUSE
Every second ticks off a chill—Every minute tingrles with seatclutching: excitement Every scene bursts with a smashing: surprise
‘Oh Martha! Will you take the children in the other roomI’m going to read the stock market reports!”
The a6tives sent the fieshmen on load tup Satuiday, supposedly without anything but clothes But blight and eaily the next morning, the fieshmen letuined to the house having successfully completed the tiip, and theieby achieving somewhat of an honoi since no class in lecent yeais accomplished the feat. They wei e fully equipped with matches, cigaiettes, flashlights, picks, shovels, and money with which thpy puicha'ied a sciump tious bieakfast
Wondei how many co eds have the “inspection tiip blues’”
L. M. Sears Is Author Of Essays On Wilson Di Louis M Seals, of the histoiy and economics depaitment, has lecently wiitten a group of essays concerning Woodrow Wilson The volume, which has just come off the Chicago Univeisity press, is dedicated to Piofessoi M. W Jeinegan, of the history depaitment of Chicago Univeisity.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
The heart-stabbing drama of a woman who made one mistake... and paid with her soul I With the great star of "Valiant Is The Word For Carrie I"
BEAL-mnUJAM
iW> A -^^-Y^rrWWivi’i'iBMmiBtwriaBr jnaswwBBiinrfl^^ rtViftr n' i ’wrBff STARTS TODAY
A BROKEN insulator—fungi in a pole— . dust in central office apparatus t-a iiundred things might interfere with your telephone service. ©.They rarely do interfere because of this Bell System practice; Look for trouble before it happens—don’t let it happen. Preventive maintenance keeps the System always ready to carry your voice wherever you wish—quickly, clearly, at low cost. Why not call home tonight ? Rates to moat points are lowest any time after 7 P. M. and all day Sunday.
4%
G]
IlKLlv TELEI^HOiVE SYSTEM
If
inThuirsday, November IL 1937
THE PfniDUE EXPONENT
m
E<*
Gil Tredweil Wins Intramural All-'
Goldsberry Places Second; B. Edwards, T. M. Rohn In Tie For Third Place Honors
G. Tredweil, junior varsity backstroker and captain oTthe swimming team, led a fast group of pedestrians to the finish tape in the intramural all-campus walking race over the two mile course on Russell Field yesterday afternoon, with the fast time of 23 minutes and 42.1 seconds. This time is 10 seconds faster than the winner’s time
in 1935.
Those who will receive medals for second and third places are: W. Goldsberry, second year forestry student who was given second place; and B. Edwards, jpnior ftlE and A. M. Rohn, sophomore science student who tied for third position.
Rohn Breaks Rule Although these men will receive awards as indicated, they did not finish in the same order. When the race was finished, Rohn was following Tredweil very closely, and the 'other boys were some hUsndred yards behind. \ However, he was not given second place because of an infraction of the rules. If a walker takes a hop; that is, has both feet off the ground at the same time, he is considered to be running. Rohn, although showing a beautiful form, was noticed by one of the judges to have taken a hop during one of the laps. But, because he showed such beautiful form and possessed so much good spirit, he was given a tie with Edwards for third place.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Fraternities Finish Second Round Of Student Union Bowiing Tournament In Tuesday night’s weekly round of interfraternity bowling. Sigma Nu rolled a total of 2,011 points in three games to win from the Phi Delta THetas who scored 1,874 pins. Triangle fraternity was entitled to a much easier victory, however, as the Delta Chis, who were scheduled to roll against them, failed to appear. As a- result the match was forfeited to the Triangles. To date, 10 fraternity teams have survived the first round eliminations. They include: Alpha Tau Omega, Kappa Delta Rho, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Pi Kappa Alpha, Delta Upsilon, Theta Tau, Pi Kappa Phi, Kappa Sigma, Sigma Nu, and Tri-
angle.
The Kappa Alpha Theta team will meet Pi -Beta Phi, and the Kappa Kappa Gammas will meet the women’s bowling team of the Purdue Independent Association in the semifinal round of the women’s bowling tournament tonight on the Union
alleys.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Sicie of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
That special Girl-frieocl from your home to'wn that you are going to have here at Purdue for a visit will enjoy the delicious meals served in'the pleasant surroundings of the Union Cafeteria
JhSL fiwidusL Wjmi&wid.
Corner of tfie Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
fielder’s ' choice
By Dick Obenchain ♦f" Several of the New York newspapers are mentioning Jim Zachary as a candidate for All-American honors ... We, too, have the idea that Zach is a pretty good end . . . Zach made what we think was the most sensational play of the Ford-ham-Purdue game last Saturday .. .
-fc-
/
On a pass play in the first few minutes of the game, the entire Raiy line rushed in on Cec Isbell and the Boilermaker halfback was forced to toss the ball wildly . . . The ball carried about 30 yards forward and to the right, into the hands of about three Pordham backs . . . Jim Zachary, for whom the pass was intended, had to back track and knock over fwo opposing backs before he could catch the ball. ~fc— This play came as Purdue drove down the field and finally kicked a fieldgoal to go into the lead, 3 to 0 . . . And Purdue really looked great as Zachary made this sensational play, catching the ball over his shoulder, —fc— The football managers took the the floodlights out of the mothballs Tuesday night and,now the gridders are practicing under’ lights . . . Last night the second team scrimmaged against the varsity, stressing pass plays . . . Jim Nesbet looked exceptionally fine as he carried the brunt of the scrub attack . . . The Purdue pass defense which proved disastrous to the Boilermakers last Saturday has been undergoing a revamping during the last few days as the coaching staff is attempting to whitewash this black spot on the Boilermaker play. —^fc— We understand that there are absolutely no Indiana tickets left except a few undesirable seats behind the goal . . . This is quite surprising to us since the Indiana ticket officials refuse to give the Purdue students a better price for the coveted ducats than three rocks per.
Continue 45 Year Old Boilermaker-Badger Grid Series Saturday By R. L. McDonald , Purdue will continue a football series Saturday which has been characterized by thrills and excitement since the first encounter on the Wisconsin campus in 1892, when it meets the Wisconsin Badgers at Camp Randall next Saturday. Led by Clem Studebaker, the Boilermakers at this time gave the Badgers their first lesson in hard football technique by defeating them 32 to 4. The next year the Wisconsin squad, profiting by their initial lesson, came back to down the Purdue squad, 36 to 30. Badgers Forfeit Game Following this noble beginning there have been many lapses in the Purdue-Wisconsin series. The first break came in 1894, when the Badgers left the field, forfeiting the game to the Boilermakers when Balliett, the Purdue coach, who was officiating at the time as "was Stickney, the Badger mentor, ruled Wisconsin’s captain and quarterback, Lyman, out of the game for alleged slugging. They met again in 1906 and 1907 the Badgers winning both games. Then followed a lapse until 1912, when Wisconsin’s last conference champions handed the Boilermakers a 41-0 drubbing. The next three years saw Wisconsin Winning two games and tying one, -after which there was another long break until
1925.
Since this time the rivals have met annually,, with Purdue having the better of the argument,-having chalked up six victories to Wisconsin’s four, two games ending in tie scores.’
BATTERY SOFTBALL
—Thursday— Diamond 6—H-1 vs. E-2 (Semifinal) 3—D-3 vs. E-3 (tie playoff).
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOW!
When You Go Home For Thanksgiving the old folks will be pleased—and honored— if you are well dressed; it's human nature to like your children to be successful and to look successful as you will look in " Hart Schaffner & Marx Clothes * *30 “0 to »38®® i ' ■ 500 MAIN ST.
CLQTMCSSmPIW.
Sigma Delta Psi Tryouts Complete Outdoor Tests With the splendid fall weather which has been persisting thus far, due to change any moment into the usual cold, sleety fall weather which ordinarily accompanies November, Sigma Delta Psi candidates are urged by those in charge to pass off their outdoor events while they still may. Judges will be in the stadium this evening to pass any who are ready to complete these tests and it is probable that this will be the last day devoted to outdoor work.
TOUCHBALL
—Thursday-— Field .3—^Ward 12 vs. Ward 1—Captain. 9—Cary Hall 4 vs. Ward 11, llA. or 7X—Boyer. 10—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon—Juillard. Fraternities will be awarded five participation points for each man in their group who completes all of the Sigma Delta Psi tests. ■
YOUR LAUNDRY’S
RACK’...
Whether it’s sent collect or prepaid, your laundry always arrives quickly, safely, by Railway Express—the favorite laundry route of generations of college men and women. Low rates. No added charge for pick-up and delivery —just phone nearest Railway Express office. 9 S. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette^ Ind.
RAILWA'
Nation-wide it ail-air service
BOUDOIR SLIPPERS New, Smart and Comfy
98c to $1.98
Bad Weather Ahead Be Prepared A Complete Line of Rubber Footwear $1.00 to $1.98T ril-on Geoigia Walkei piesident of Tii ton Club, announces that theie will be a geneial swim tonight fiom 7 30 to 8 30 o’clock in the Memo rial Gymnasium pool Aftei this the Tilton Club will hold its legulai weekh swim and piactice foi the Watei Caini\al An5 one desiring to take part in this carnival should be piesent at this meeting Sports Day M iss Veronica Biady has called a meeting of the giils who wish to attend the Hockey Play Day to be held at the Univeisity of Chicago tomoiTOw and Saturday Giils who play m the exhibition games planned for the meet will compete with players fiom 14 colleges and univei sities Hockey In the fiist game of the week yes terday the juniois defeated the sophomoies 1 0 At piesent the jun 101 s and the sophomoies aie tied for fiist place, and the fieshmen and seniors tied foi second place Archery Mona Balcolm, fieshman won fitJ?t place in the Columbia Round
“Pass in Review” is the title of an Intel esting story i ecently wi itten by Fi ed I Goldsmith, assistant dean of men of the University, and a major in the Field Artillery of the Reseive Coips The stoiy appeals in the cur lent issue of The Reserve Officer, monthly magazine foi this bianch of the seivice The article gives a biief histoiy of the Umveisity ROTC unit It tells something of its past and reviews the piesent activities of the organization which this year contains moie than 2700 men, including those taking advanced militaiy tiainmg duiing then senioi and jun101 yeais Prof. Justin Will Address Agronomy Group Tomorrow Pi of M M Justin, head agron omy statistician, will speak at the all agronomy meeting tomoirow evening at 7 o’clock in loom D of the Union Building His address will be on “Gatheimg and Interpret ing Crop Data” Officials in charge of the meeting invite all agionomy students and staff to attend
archeiy touinament completed on Tuesday Mary Jane Can, also a fieshman, placed second in the tournament
This Man Did and Won 1,000 PHILIP MORRIS Cigarettes Clay A. Bemichon—330 North Grant St —West Lafayette, Indiana This Week's PHILIP MORRIS Scorecast is on: PURDUE vs. WISCONSIN INDIANA vs. IOWA Have you entered'? Write your score name and affiliation on back of a PHILIP MORRIS wrapper and deposit in Ballot Boxes at DEAC'S SOUTHWORTH'S BARTLETT'S 'THE SWEET SHOP or at your fraternity or sorority house Contest rules posted at all above places Final group prizes to fraternity soronty and independent group for most ballots during the entire contest on display at DEAC'S.
332MiaaSt.
Lafayette, Ind.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work C F. Ebershoff, 605 Mam street
WANTED—Five passengers to Indiana game Call Tim Rose 2958
LOST—^Alpha Lambda Delta pm Thursday November 4 Call 4856, after 5 30 Rewaid
LOST—Racine wrist watch m Union Saturday night Rewhrd Call Fisher 5067
PLEASE RETURN — Valuable green-black Shaeffer Lifetime pen, taken with biowm suede purse from Debris office entrance No questions asked Rewaid Ellen Vaughn North WRH
T^vo fieshmen at Loyola Univeisity have identical names—Leonard Francis Kowalski They are both taking piemedical courses, are enrolled in the same classes. Use the same locker, write similarly and received the same giades on the en trance tests They are not i elated
Conditional Stndenta Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 31 and ME 61 will be given December 4 at 1 p m in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27 —MESSERSMITH
Thomas Say Entomological Society Reg ular monthly meeting in Agriculture Hall November 11 at 7 30 p m —FAVINGER
Prom ^nd Gala Week Committees Secure petitions at Senate office loom A 4 to 6pm November 10 to 23 —ELLIOTT
Delta Rho Kappa Pledge meeting No vember 12 at 7 p m in room B of the Un ion —MERRITT
ASME Members may get their November magazines at the instrument room of the ME Building Pins and charms for new mem hers are in —CLUTTER Playshop All theatre salesmen who still have tickets must have them checked by November 11 —DIETRICH
Playshop Publicity Committee Meet in Union sub basement at 4 p m November 11 —MULLER
Purdue Student Alliance No meeting this week All members are advised of the Ar mistice Day peace banquet to be held at 6pm November 11 Make reservations now by calling 6779 —BUCKLES
Debris Sales Staff Important meeting in Debns office at 4 p m November 11 —SIEBENTHAL
Co ed Debating Meeting of all women interested in co ed debating at 4 p m No vember 11 in room 301 Umveisity Hall —EHINGER
Purdue Engineer All freshmen workers report to the Engineer office at 4 p m No
• the Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everythin# for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic OB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HAROLO 3. RS8K DB. BOBBRTG.RSSK BB.LUTHBBA RSSK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M.IRION DENTIST 119 */2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Jewelry —
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 304 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Post Office ■ Photography —" Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette -^Barbers —
— Hardware
MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street Lafayette “THREE GOOD BARBERS” —Taxi Service — The Thinking Fellow Colls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Bloek Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of city 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO,
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. ^ 822 MAIN — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Locksmith — «C” CARTER fer Keys — Leeka — General Bepalring Bicycle Bentala and Bepairing Open Evenln#s Ph. 2291 Sute-Main, W. L. — Florist —- Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Floteer$ Main at 7th Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Mast czclusire aasortaient of ear* sages available to Fnrdue Stndenta. 527 Main Phone 5432 — Dine —
JiudtfiL
DINE ' DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Read — Confectionery -
Try Some of Our
Home Made Ice Creom
and Candy
Glcrtz's Confectionery Mam and Sixth Sts. — Printing —
SUDDEN SERVICE
RINTING Office Stailoneiy Wedding Inviiationr
PHONE ' Sale, Book,. Elc ^62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
P
Auto Rental — ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St.
PIA All members interested in debating meet in the PIA office November 11 at 7pm —CLEVENGER WAA Riflery Practice November 11 Pedallion and Phi Mu at 6 16 Chi Omega at 7 Kappa at 7 46 makeup at 8 80 —CHRISTENSON Dolphin Club There will be a meeting of the Dolphin Club November 11 at the Kappa Sigma house at 7 p m It is impoitant that all members be present —ARMSTRONG
WAA Hickey Freshmen vs juniors at 4 oclock November 11 _dobSON Union Workers Will the following sophmores please report to the Union office at 4pm November 11 Important W Rectenwall C F Ruppert J E Kerwin B Gobeille J P McGrath A R Cornell R Norquest H Mayerhofer 3 E j^r^ —JACOBSOJN Will our committees please report to the workroom at 4 p m Novem^r y —CROSSMAN, MATTHEWS CABONARGI MASON Will our committees report to the office at 8 P m November 11 , —EASTBURN GARLAND TURNER
Novice Pistol There are eight vacancies in the novice pistol training group‘which starts firing November 11 at 4 p m The vacancies are open only to those who have fired in a previous group Sign up at tKe supply office today —KAY
Triton Club Regular meeting November 11 at 8 30 All girls wishing to participate in the Aquacade should be there Regular WA Aswim from 7 30 to 8 30 —SHEWALTER
Bridge Players Third free lesson Wi,Il be given at 7 16 p m November 11 in the game room of the Union Building —MATTHEWS
Students Bible Class Meeting in room B of Union Building Novembei 11 fiom 7 to 8 p m Reverend Ainshe will continue on his subject Eight Facts That Prove the Bible to be the Word of God All stu dents are cordially invited —BURBRINK
Rollerskating Party Wesley Foundation will conduct & roller skating party Nowmber 13 at 2 p m Price 25 cents Cars Will leave from 435 State street All students are welcome trrmrk —^HURD
Co cd Bowling The following teams will bowl at 7 p m, November 11 Kappa Kap pa Gamma vs PIA Pi Beta Phi vs Kappa Alpha Theta a-kt —CBOSSMAN
YWCA Cabinet Meeting November 11 at 4 p m in the YWCA office —BRYANT
AIChE Debris pictuies will be taken No vember 16 at 7 60 p m in the tower room of the Union Membership fees may be paid at that time —GRIFFENHAGEN
Scrivener Business meeting in the office in the Union on November 11 at 7 o clock —BOORD
BUXTON STITCH LESS BILLFOLDS enduring gifts for any occasion!
• You can’t match them for looks—and they’re guaranteed to last till the leather actually wears out. For a Buxton “Stitchless” Billfold is just one piece of leather ingeniously interlocked ... no stitches to rip or fray. Specially designed to accommodate the heaviest load and contract to original slimness on “light” days. Zlp-Tainer models have a patented leather guard to protect bills and papers against tearing. Priced from $1.50—Zlp-Tainer models only 50^ mor«.
518-520 Main St.
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
No f
We don't pretend to wave a magic wand over low priced clothing and miraculously convert it into garments Park Avenue would smile on. We sell smart, university styled clothing...you pay the fair price...you get full value for your money. There is no need for mysterious merchandising. Quality clothing sells itself without purported wand-wav-ing. No black magic...an inspection of Hersey's custom patterns and ready-mades will convince you of this.
,2(6 NSIX'n^ST'^ diuL