M
'(
Ift
mm-
vf-
MP‘.!
ml
Will At Convo
■ 'i
Established 1889
^ Daily Since t906
University Dismisses Classes volume 53, no. 139 At 11 For 3rd Special Lecture jgyjj^ijy ]fl\\\ Dj^ji Military Group,
Orchestra In Music To Hold Annual
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, March 12, tl5Ml2
, “America. At War” will be the topic of Wayne Coy’s address in tl^e Music Hall this morning as the Student War Council sponsors the third War Convocation since the emergency. All fcltisses will be excused at 10:50 in order that students and faculty i|iay hear Coy, the liason officer for the Office of Emergency Mjanagement, and special- administrative assistant to
President Roosevelt.
The special session, which will "attempt to explain the country's and the University’s role in the national war effort, will not be broadcast. Coy’s ap- —— pearance at the Music Hall tKjs morning is the result of an invitation extended him by President iElliott. After his talk ]here Coy will go to Rapid City, la., where he will speak before the Chamber of Commerce of that city, having declined numerous invitatiohs to speak at other cities.
Ranks As Top Man
Although I'anking as one of the top men in the administrative fields, this llposier-born national figure’s
Major Coed Activities Elect
Hall Convo Monday Pledge Dance Officers For Coming Year
Today's convocation will not be broadcast by WBAA.
work is seldom publicized, his job being of a confidential nature. Beginning as a protege of Paul V. Mchlutt, Who gave him a chance to rise ft;0m editor of a weekly newspaper at Delphi, Ind. to a top post in Washington, Coy is now definitely under his own steam. Coy attended Franklin College, where he worked on the school paper. Upon graduation he purchased the Delphi Star and was its editor for a number of years. He started on the path toward becoming a firstclass administi'ator when McNutt, then Governor of Indiana, made him under-secretary in 1933. Later he became well known in Indiana as a result of his being head of NYA and WPA. When McNutt went to the Philippines as fconimissioner General, Coy accompanied him, staying for two years and returning to the United States to continue his service under the same man. Draft Board Officials To Offer Volunteers Training As Officers Plans arc under consideration for Selective Seiwicc registi-ants who meet all requirements for Officers’ Candidate Schools other than previous military service and who arc deferred solely because of 'dependency .to be given an opportunity to qualify as officers by volunteering in the near future for induction through the Scleclive Service. Successful Voluiifecrs Successful volunteers will be sent to Replacement Training Centers for training and those who complete the basic training successfully will be given opportunity to attend Officers’ Candidate Schools. The individuals who arc found lo be unqualified for this training or later for coninii.s.sions will he lelieved from activq duty. Utltil detailed Instruction and information ifj received, all applicants should file application at their Selective Service Boards. As soon as the local boards receive forms and detailed instructions, applicants will be notified.
Wayne Coy
Screen Review Will Present 8 Movies Today “Screen Review,” the regular Thursday afternoon jjrogram of movie short presentations, will continue the showing of its segond semester scries this afternoon from 3 until 6 in the Music Hall. Featuring eight short subjects, today’s “Screen Reviews” constitutes the longest program ever to be shown in the series. Afternoon Program The program for the afternoon will include; “Gene Krupa and his Orchestra” at 3:00, 4:25 and 5:50; “News of the Day” at 3:10 and 4:35; “Popular Science No. 4” at 3:18 and 4:43; “More About Nostra Damns,” from the Miniature seiies, at 3:28 and 4:35; “Far East Command,” a March of Time f<>ature, at 3:39 and 5:04; “Mr. Mouse Takes a Trip,” a Disney cartoon, at 3:58 and 5:23; “Old New Mexico,” a traveltalk, at 4:05 and 5:30; and “Out of Darktie.ss,” from the I’as.sing Parade series, at 4:15 and 5:40. Passports aie alisolultdy necessar,^ ;iiid workers at (he doors >vill admit np one wdthout this means of identification. Ralph Finch . . . who did graduate work at the University after graduating from Indiana University in 1925 has been advanced to the iiosilioii of J.t. Col. in the United States aimy, it wa.s announced lecently by eommandniit of the Ninth (iiiarteimaster Training Regiment. Finch, who has been in the armed forces for 19 years, was a major befoie leceiving this promotion.
Children To Attend Afternoon Program
Under the direction of Dr. Fabien Sevitzky, the Indianapolis Symphony will present the fourth in the current series of University sponsored convocations Monday
night at 7:30 in the Music Hall.
Preceding the evening’s concert, the orchestra, which is now in its fifth year as one of the 16 major symphonic groups in the country, will give a special convocation at 2:30 for the children of Tippecanoe county. This program is being sponsored by the Lafayette Unit of the Womeh’s Committee of the Indiana
State Symphony Society.
Born In Russia
Dr. Sevitzky, who has been with the orchesti’a since it was reorganized in 1937, was born in 1893 ne?|,iTver, Russia, of a musically prominent family. His first fete in the musical world was his winning of the Cesar Cui scholarship for double bass in the Imperial Conservatory of Music. Following his graduation from the conservatory he went to Moscow where he played in the Moscow Imperial theater until 1915. At this time he enlisted in the Russian infantry. After the war he went to Warsaw where he played first bass in the State Opera and in the Warsaw Philharmonic
Orchestra.
Played In Philadelphia ' In 1923 Dr. Sevitzy married Maria Koussevitsky and immediately sailed for America. Since that time he has played in the Philadelphia Orchestra and founded the Philadelphia Chamber String Simfonietto, which was the first string orchestra in the world. In 1929 he resigned from the Philadelphia Orchestra and devoted his entire time to conducting. In 1936 he appeared as guest conductor with the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra which led to his engagement as permanent conductor of that group. Passports Will Admit Tickets for the afternoon performance are priced at 28c for children and 56c for adults and may be obtained at Deac’s, Southworth’s, Loeb’s, and at the door. At the evening concert season tickets and passports will be honored and single admission tickets may be obtained at the cashier’s office for $1.19. Agonomic Clyb To Meet At 6:30 P. M. Tomorrow Regular meeting of the Agonoinic Club will be held tomorrow evening at 0:30 p. m. in the Home Economics Building. Progi’am for the ilinner meeting will consist of picture of Mexico and several musical selec-
tions.
All membei’s of the Farm Management deparlmenl, Agricultural Economics Extension stalf and tindr wives, and secretaiies of the departments are urged to attend. Tickets for tlie dinner are seventyfive cents and may be secured from the committee in charge which includes Dr. P. A. Henderson, .1. E. Honan and Margaret Slater.
Audience Will Vole On Best Slylen Coeds To Model Own Dress Designs At Fashion Show Next Monday Night
By Jean Lauer At 8 next Monday night tlie style show of dresses designed and constructed by coeds in the costume illustration course will be held at Alan’s Department Store. Showcases and dress racks on the first floor of the store will be pushed to the wall, providing ample space for the runway for the models and chairs for an audience of 260 persons. Coeds are particularly urged to come to this style show, at which the final judging in the contest sponsored by Alan’s in coopeiation with the Applied Design Department will take place, but everyone is invited to attend. Audience Votes The members of the audience will be provided with ballots on which to vote for the dresses they, like best. These ballots will be considered by the St. Louis designers and Mr. Cahen of Alan’s is selecting the
winners. Three cash prizes and five lionoi'able mentions will tie awardetl. In addition to considering the attractive appearance of the costume and originality of design these judges will look for the design features that/ will make the garment suitable for manufacture. Cahen hopes lo have the winning designs made up by St. Louis manufacturers \ind include these garments in'his summer merchandise. If possible, these winnings garments will bo featured in Mademoiselle and Women’s Wear Daily. Winning Designs Girls whoso designs wei e selected in the first elimination and who will appear in the show are; Ruth Poland, Anita Worsley, Adeline Magierski, Margaiet Meltzer, Eileen Carpenter, Maren Chesnutt, Mary Sandei's, Elaine Rosthauser, Peg
Baker, Dorothy Benson, Carol Crow, Betty Godsey, Coletta Weiss, Bette Poole, Jean Bucknam, Bette Jacobsen, Jean Lauer, Doris Freedman, Lucille Chaminade, Anna Shively, Joan Korte, Shirley Johnson, Alice Coe, Louise Blalock, and Virvinia
Goss,
Following;' the show, the St. Louis designers who judged the first elimination and who will help to pick the winners Monday night will speak about their own careers as dress designers. Using their own experience as an example they will tell what type of background is necessary for one to become a successful designei’. An opportunity will be given for the audience to a.sk questions. Water color sketches of the dresses which aie being modeled will be on exhibit in the store.
By Bill Wendell
Tomorrow night at 8:30, members of Scabbard and Blade, national military fraternity, will present their annual dance. Irv Given will supply the music aS the members and their .guests dance and witness the military pomp and show that is a part of cadet dances. The spring class of pledges will be presehted to those present at 10:45. This ceremony promises something new and different in addition to the usual az’ch of sabers and presentation of pledge ribbons. The hours, conforming to the recent AWS ruling, will be from 8:30 to 11:30. No corsages will be worn, and students in the advanced ROTC, whether or not they ai'c members of Scabbaz’d and Blade will wear formal uniform with white
shirts.
Fraternity Debating To Close With Final Contest Wednesday Next Wednesday night, at 7:30 p.m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union, the Interfraternity Fprensic Discussion on “How can we best impement the good neighbor policy?” will hold its final round. As a result of the eliminations conducted at last Tuesday night’s discussions, eight finalists representing seven fz-aternity and sorority houses remain in the contest. The organizations and their representatives are as follows, with the percentages calculated from the total possible points that each house made: Richard Sidwell, Pi Kappa Alpha—92 per cent; John Nestle and George Brick, Sigma Alpha Mu —^92; Rose Malcolm, Alpha Xi Delta—80; Leonai’d Wood, Tau Kappa Epsilon—74; Wallace Cook, Alpha Gamma Rho—64; Betty West, Delta Gamma—64; and Bill Ogden, Sigma Alpha Epsilon—52. Trophies, Medals Given Trophies are awarded to the winning fraternity and sorority by Dcac Riesner and Southworth’s. In addition, the person placing first will I'cccivc a gold key, second place a silver key, and each of the other contestants bronze keys. These medals will be jnesented at the annual Slage-Stuinp-Studio Banquet winch IS lo be belli in Ajiril. Each fratoinity and sorority is invited lo attend the finals and will he allowed lo sit as an audience around the roundlable set-up al which the eimtestanls will be placed. Bridge Teams Enter Second Round Of Play In Tourney Saturday
1
Second games will be played by the sixteen winning pairs in the Unioii-sponaoi'ed bridge tournament wilhiii the next two weeks; one on Saturday, March 14, at 1 p.m. and the other on Saturday, March 21, in room 363 of the Union. Wiuuei-s Listed North-South winners include: Slern.s and Wentworth, Dunn and Wasson, Moeller and Pashley, Gardner ami Sells, Gillette and Laddoii, SoLithmayd aiul Melzer, Sluiner and Worsley, Pelsor and Kintner. EastWest w'inners arc: Anderson and Evans, Roth and Evans, Zimmerman and Coombs, Kirsch and Johnson, Moran and Nielson, Ridoux and Besnard, llamber ai;d Reade, Rumble and Drake. Siibstilules Partners may secure a substitute in case any person is unable to play at eithez- of the final sessions. Substitutions should be reported to the tournament director. Both members of a team will be disqualified if they fail to play.
Dr. E. L. Butz ... of the farm management dejiartment wdll speak tonight at the annual farmer’s night banqpet of the Frankfort Junior Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Butz will discuss “Wai Time Price Control and the
Indiana Citizen.”
YWCA Picks Hague, Peterson, McCrary YWCA announced election of officers yesterday afternoon for the coming semester. For the office of president Vivian Peterson was elected, and Carolyn McCrary, who ran against her for that office, will take the position of vice-president, Gindy Hague was chosen secretary and Chan Ball was elected treasurer of the organization. Nominees for the office of secretary were Betty Evans and Gindy Hague, and for the post of treasurer, Lois Veit and Chan Ball. Voting was held yestezxlay in the Great Hall of the Union from 8 to 5. Passports were z’equii’ed for voting and all coed membei-s ai'e allowed to exercise their voting priv-
ilege.
Vivian Peterson, Pharni. ’44, is a izzcniber of Alpha Xi Delta sorority and is from East Oz’angc, New Jez'sey. Gindy Hague, Home Ec ’43, belongs to Chi Omega, and lives in West Orange, New Jez'sey. Carolyn McCrary, Home Ec ’43, is from Seymour, and Chan Ball is fi’om Louisville, Kentucky. Mills Will Talk At Ag Banquet Tonight, 6:15 Annual agricultural short course banquet will be held this evening at 6:15 p.m. in tlie south ballz'oom of the Union. W. O. Mills, field representative of the School of Agricultuz’e, will be the principal speaker at the banquet which will be held to pass awards to the .short course students. Representatives of tlie four options, dairy production, dairy manufacturing, general agriculture, and animal husbandry, will make short talks and the short course glee club and oi’chcslra under the direction of Prof. F'. E. Robbins will present several numbers. Wilbur Wood will give a baritone solo and James Parker will play a Hawaiian guilur
solo.
To Present Aw aids Awards will be presented to the winners of the livestock judging, dairy judging, dairy prorlucts judging, and farm organization contests and the alliletic ifepartiiiciit will pz’eseul certilicates to Ihe students who participated in basketball coiiipetitiuii. Musical pailicipation ccrtifiodlhs will be awarded to members of the short course orchestra and glee clubs and Ray Meyer will give a reading. ('oiniiienccnicnt Tomorrow' Gomnicncemcnt foi the short eouz’se will be held I'^riday morning at 9:30 in (he assembly room of Agricultural Hall. Pres. E. C. Elliott will present the ecrtilicatcs to the sLudcnls and the glee club and orcliestra will again [irovide the music for the occasion. Scholarship awards and medals will be presented at this time to the scholarship winners in the difi'erent options. Dr. J. R. Leevy Talks On Mass Housings Before Rotary Club Dr. J. Roy Leevy, assistant professor of sociology, discussed the problem of “Housing the Masses” before a meeting of the Rockville Rotary Club at Turkey Run Hotel last night. Dr. Leevy declaied in his discussion that the need for housing should be deterimiied through an iiitelligeiit survey, taking into aeeoimt Ihe size, type and age of the coniimiiuly m (|ueslion. He also slated that the kind of houses will depend on the need and the ability of the householder to maintain the home. Dr. Leevy emphasized that the schools must educate people for housing needs. '
Croll Chosen WAA Names Herniis As President For New President
Of AWS Board
Floz’ence Cz’oll is the new president of the AWS, it was announced yestez’day evening by Agnes McCulloch, retiring president of the woznen’s governing group. Jane Van Goz’khom has been accorded the office of vice-president, and Nelda Byrum was voted secz'etary. Jean Thompson is tz’casuz’er, Emily Lloyd will take the position of junior representative, and Mary Lou Sternberg will be the sophomore repre-
sentative.
According to Agnes McCulloch, the laz'gest nuiziber of coeds ever registei’cd for voting cast theiz* ballots yesterday afternoon for AWS elections. A total of 467 was recoi-d-ed at the AWS office. Many Candidates Running for the various offices wez’e Florence Cz’oll and Jane Vaiz Gorkhom for president; Nelda Byrum and Doris Dombey for secretaz’y; Ruth Holden and Jean Thompson for treasurer; Emily Lloyd and Lois Veit for junior rcpi'eseiitative; Julia Jones and Mary Lou Steriibez’g for sophomore z'epreseiitative. Floi’ence Croll, Home Ec ’43, is fz’om Forest Paz'k, 111. Jane Van Gorkom, Home Ec ’43, Chicago, is a member of Kappa Kajipa Gamma sorority; Nelda Byrum, Home Ec ’44, East Cleveland, Ohio, is a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority; Jean Thompson, Home Ec ’44, is from Indianapolis; Emily Lloyd, Pharm. ’44, Cincinnati, is a member of Kappa Alpha Theta soz'oz'ity and Mary-„Lou Sternberg, Sci ’45, is from Hammond. Next Year’s Program Program for AWS next year includes freshman counseling, the viocational guidance conference, marital lectures, the annual Gold Diggers Ball and other .special projects. New officers will be in charge of the progz’am for ’42-’43 and will attend the national AWS convention at Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio, during April. Gregory To Address Enfomoiogical Society Tonight at 7:30 in Agricultural Hall Dr. G. T. Gregory, extension plant pathologist, will addi’ess the monthly meeting of the Thomas Say Entomological Society. Plant diseases will be the general topic of discussion, and “Probleriia and How They Are Handled by the Plant Pathologist” will be the specific subject.
WAA, women’s sports association, elected Gail Hennis president and Ruth Walker vice-president in the coed elections yesterday in the Union. Jean Steigerwald was chosen secretary and Doris Bower is treasurer. Gail Hennis, Sci. ’43, is associate editor of the “Independent,” a member of Alpha Lambda Delta and served on .the WAA Council. Ruth Walker, Sci. ’43, also served on WAA Conndl, Debris Photogz-aphy Staff, and is a member of Chi Omega sorozri^. Jean Steigerwald, Sci. '43, WAA Council, is a member of Alpha Xi Delta sorority. Doris Bower, Home Ec. ’43, is on the Virginia C. Meredith Club Council. > Running for the office of president wei'e Jane Blank and Gail Heifnis; for vice-president, Beatrice Buei’gler and Ruth Walker; for secretary, Evelyn Schuber and Jean Steigeznvald and for treasurer, EIi£> abeth Baughman and Dozns Bower. ASME Holds Annual Dinner To Entertain
\
Local ME Chapters, The University student chapter of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will be host to the Central Izzdiana Section pt tike Society for the annual Uiziversi^ dinner tomorrow evening at 6:30 in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Tour Of ME Labs A tour of the University’s Mechanical Engineering laboratories will precede the dinner. FoRowipg the dinner, three University students and one Rose Polsrtechnzc institute student will talk on phases of mechanical engineering. -The Univez’sity students are: W. Cleaz-watez’s, ME ’42; G. F. Topinha^ ME ’42; and W. J. Gaugh, ME '44. The best speaker will receive the honor of representing the University at the mid-west confereni» at Notre Dame, Apzdl 11. Cash Awards Prizes consisting of $20, $10, and a copy of Mark’s Handbook Were donated by the University Branch and the Central Indiana Section of the ASME, and the Indiana Electric Association.
Scabbard And Blade Pledges Hear Story Of First ROTC
By Bob Azvidsozi Dr. J. Holnias Martin, head of the University poultry department, presented the University chapter of Sciibbaz’d and Blade witli a picture of the Univez-sity's first artillery battery yesterday afternoon duz’ing the formal spring pledge meeting. In presenting the picture, Dr. Marlin I'cviewcd the steps leading from the formation of tlie battery to the time when artillery training was made the sole type of iiistruetioii ill tlie newly formed ROTC unit. ' ROTC Not x\uthori/ed At tlie time of the formation of this battery the ROTC liad not been autliorized by Congress. Dr. Martin was one of the ineiiibers of tliiJ buttery ziiid was its laiikiiig student sergeant. “A Purdue gixuluate and an artillery officer, Lt. Robei t Kirkwood, ’07, (now a colonel of field artillery stationed in Panama) was largely responsible for bringing artillery lo Purdue,” said Dr. Martin. “Lt. Kirkwood called a lueoliiig of stiuleiits and faculty laemiiers who were mterestod in the forming of an ai l tilery unit. Most'of this original group signed up for artillery work.” Even after the unit had been formed, there vvere still many difficulties. Despite all efforts, no artillery equipment could be secured for the battery.
“We finally had to join the National Guard in the fall of 1914 before artillery equipment would h« issued to us. The artillery weapons were three inch field pieces. These guns were horse-drawn, and the horses were stabled at the foot State Street hill. The officers of the battery wez’e faculty members and the remainder of the enlisted personnel were students. We drilled hi the evenings during, the week addition to Saturday afternoon. “Since we were a National Guard outfit, we were called to the Mexican border in June, 1916. Durl^ the border dispute, we sezwed undw General John J. Pez’shing. Becainie of the Mexican tz-ouble, the mfemhers of the battery did not get biSielf; Id school until late zn SepteOkb^. Careers Just .Begun “III Januaz’y, 1917, the first Purdue battery was mustered out of the National Guard. The army careers^ of the battery had just be,guii, however. During World Wdr I over 100 of the battezy members became commissioned officers, and many of these men are still in the SCI vice of their country. “Since the first buttery of artilleiy was so successful, the Univeft* sity reqziested that artillery training be given in the newly formed ROTC. Fortunately, matezuel from the World War made it possible ta equip the unit with izzechaumed ftr* tillery.”■ '^-Purdm^Emorrnit y Thursday, March 12,
From Juke Boxes TSo .
I' f. A
V *Tepsi-Gola hit?, the spot> , '’ Twelve;full ounces, that’s a'lot, I ; ; Twice as much for a nickel too, Pepsi-Cola is the drink for you.” When this Jingle hits the juke boxes of the natfon within the next few weeks, as it will, atKi the public feeds the machine nickels to heftr propaganda, we will witness a new high ^in free advertising and a new low in the level ,.to,j.’^^;(ch manufacturers will go. to sell their JprQduct?, Pepsi-Cola has already 50,000 of these recordings made (anonymously) by one of the better known bands of the nation in the boxe^ and has 100,000 more on order., We have always sought the nickelodians. as sort of a relief when we. were tired of hearing “Dad’s Old Fashioned Rootbeer” sung in a faoiiQtohe accompanied by a beaten tomtom; dr the noises that accompany “It’s modern design .that .makes • the big difference”;' or “something new’s been added to a famous cigarette sung to the tune of Solomon Levi; or half a hundred other nerve jangling jingles. ,We have always bemoaned the spot
..announcements that keep popping up . jp .ipcreasing numbers between aily when the ,local stations'"chop oKf^he end of a favorite program to be abie; tp. squeeze in a sappy tune with crackbrained words. It always seemed as if the stations were- gyping the listeners by feedinlg them ads Without the sugar coating of a decent'program. We always could tdne them out if they became tpOrObnoxipus but who ever heard of tuning out a juke box? ; : t , All is not quite as black as itlpoks though. We just discovered that Columbia.Broadcasting. Sy.stem cut by..20.,per cent the time allowed ;^or. advertising on nevyscasts. Maybe sometime radio will discover that hearing about exzema cures a,nd the like in the middle of a diseussion abuut how MacArthur is getting the Japanese generals to commit; hai’i-kari has a negative sales appeal. Then the juke boxes can, play all the jingles .they pleasp and free if they want to. We just hope that radio discovers it before the juke boxes start absorbing advertising in quantities. j.f.a.
•asm
8:00 A.M.—Hybrid S^eci Producers’ Conference 9:00 A.M.—Red Cross, . First Aid 3:00 P.M.—Newcomers Guest Tea ,'3:00 P;M.-—Screen Review 6 :00 P.M.—Agricultural Short Course . ,, : •$anciuet ‘7tQ0 PvM.—Meeting of P.G.M.M. :.. 7:30 P.M.—Camera Club 7<,30,P3I.—^Riding,Club, 7:30 P,M.™-Christjan Student.Fellowship 7:30 P.M.—P.I.A, Chorus 7:30 P.M.—Society of Professional En- . : ; gineers '.. 7:80 P.M.—Entomology Society Meeting Round 6 AU-Campus Discussion -Group
■South Ballrofl^n) Union :.Room 30'4, Union ■ ..Both Faculty Lounges, ?L:}Uftibn ..Hall of Music' ..North Ballroom, Union ..Armoryi i: ..Room 304, Union .;Itboin„306, Union ■iRoom 307, Union ..Tower, Union ..Room 263, Union. ..Room 103, Ag. Hall
The Bottle leek
EXCERPTS FROM THE CORK’S DIARY Sunday morning. Game down stairs and saw desk setting in hall wil^h hall telephone setting on it. Went into our room and\ read proclamation we wrote on a sad day a few weeks ago. Proclamation read “Fail- ^ ure to clean up thi.s sanctum on the days designated below' is cause enough to remove lax brother’s desk out into the hall w'here the other brothers may do with it what ever they wish.” Saw that the Cork was supposed to clean up the room on Saturday. •_—.• Telephone started ringing and we answered, “Bessie’s Bar, Slu.g speakin’,” with/our feet propped on desk. Brothers w'cre afraid that reputation of house •would soon become a negative quantity and moved qur desk back into room. Hated, that because we were having much fun on telephoip. Wanted to say “House -of David, David is out” and “This is Hell, which devil ,-to you Want” before they moved us back in, but didn’t get to. • .• • Sunday afternoon. Saw Vincent. He was frightened -because he had just been in talking to Professor Buzzard. He said the Prof had found out that the Cock :had helped him w'ith a problem that he was supposed to do himself and w'as all excited about it. Told Vincent .J;hat,W.e. were excited too,..because we also had
Professor Buzzard and he would probably let us know.' about it too. ■■ •_ •: ... Monday afternoon. Had. shaper work jn machine shop. Stroke adjustment mechanism was adjusted for four inch stroke, but .came out of adjustment. Tool shot out for full eighteen inch stroke before it stopped. The Cork tfied to duck and fell on the floor because we though the thing was going to go on through the wall before it stopped. m ■: .• Monday evening. Called Gloria and told her that we wanted to take her to T. Dorsey dance the 28th. She said that she wante<l to go but it sure will be crowded won’t it- We said yea but we can stand around the bandstand, and she said yea. • , • • Tuesday morning. Had military motors classi Lt. Johnson told about the kid the other .day who was driving one of the trucks when the sophomores had mounted drill out behind the stadium. The lieutenant gave the signal halt and the soph tried to stop the truck in a one-two count. The Cork sure hoped we wouldn’t do anything like that. • _•, Tuesday afternoon. Looked in dresser drawer and saw that all our money was used too. Took camera to village and hocked it for five dollars to buy stamps and have funds for the evening. Had to assure man in University Book store that camera was worth $25 first. Tuesday evening. Had. joJly_time spending camera.
.Ratio3.93
. About two: weeks ago, we men.tioned. a certain band that we thought was destined for top hpnoi’s, and we’re still plugging for if. Hal McIntyre’s group is really hot on the footsteps of Glenn Miller, Artie Shaw and all the rest of the boj's that made those sensational rises. Since it’s obvious that we aren’t the only people interested in thLsuiewly formed organization, wc thought maybe you’d be interested in a little dope on the- band itself. Hal started out with a little eight .piece gct.-together,in his home town ,of Cromwell, Conn. One December’ .back.in ’36 he picked up the phone and. heard old B. Goodman’.s voice a.sking him to sit in with the famous B. G. aggregation for a few days; Hal did this until Benny su.g■gested that he go down to New .YArlc.-to .see whether or not a fellow named .Glenn Miller, starting a new band, would .toke him on. Well, Hal >yas the first person hired, but tilings just didn't click, so they all ^yent home. Soon after this Glenn decided to start over again and that’s when things began to happen. . Hal stayed >vith Millers’ band until October of last year; then following a suggestion that Glenn had 'made, he started a band of his’own. T'he band’s first job was as a sub .fqr the group then playin.g at > the Glen Island Casino. That same njight the manager presented the b'gnd with a nice five months’ contract, and a few days later Victor
handed him a contract to record for them. Hal got Dave Matthews to get the original arrangements going and to help him get things organi'zed. Along with Matthews, there are now three other playing arrangers; Trombonist, Howard Gideling on the sweet stuff; Saxist, Gene Kinsey for the jazz; and Pianist, Danny Hurd, with the swing. Although the band is new it is tremendously large, having a membership of sixteen instrumentalists and twQ singers. For more particulars, there are four trombones, four trumpets, five saxes (counting Hal’s), and four . I'hythms.. Just in case this information doesn’t jibe with what you’ve found, we got this info from Victor’s “His Masters’ Voice.” And Stuff Hal’s latest recording (not including “Tangerine” which should be out the 7th) is “The:Commando’s Serenade.” This is one of those slow swinging rift' tunes that we know you’ll like. Although this is only Hal’s second release, it has already aroused a great deal of comment. The side opens w'ith a twelve bar intro usingrthe piano, bass, and trumpets. From there the saxes take over with a. solo sax setting the pace and a trumpet background. The brass section then comes to the front to carry the load until the piano returns to take the side out. On the back-up you’ll probably find Carl Denny singing “How Do I Know It’s Real.” Piactimunt Far Wanicii Women students interested in summer employment should ..file application at the Placement Service for Women, E.xecutive Building.
Alpha Zeta To Hold 'Mealdess' Banquet March 14 In Union Alpha Zeta, national agricultural honorary, is planning a. “mealless” banquet to be held Tuesday, March 24, in the Union. The affair, to be held instead of the regular initiation banquet. Will be in banquet style except for the absence of the meal. Funds from the banquet will aid the Red Gross and the government through purchase of bonds. An entertainment feature and a speaker will comprise most of the program. Alpha Zeta Freshman Scholarship Trophy will be awarded to the freshman agricutural student having the highest scholarship rating for the last semester. Alpha Zeta alumni, actives and initiates, and others who are interested will attend the banquet. Tickets may be purchased from Alpha .Zeta pledges or Dr. M. G. Sniith. bj*. H. B. Has$ To Give Lectures Next Week Next week Dr. H. B. Hass, head of the chemistry department; will give the Priestley Lectures at Pennsylvania State College. Seventeen years ago these lectures were established as an annual tribute to the memory of Joseph Priestly, discoverer of oxygen, who made his home during the declining years of his life, in Northumberland, Pa. This is the fii'st time that an organic chemist has been invited to give one of the lectures. Professor Ha.ss will .discuss research carried out -in the department of chemistry at the University during the past thirteen years. •
We.s. Stevens recently journeyed to Cincinnati on ,the train and struck up an acquaintance with a comely miss who answered to the name of Joan. When he neared his destination, our boy Wes excused himself and prepared to leave the train. As he got off, he noticed a big commotion over something or somebody. Further investigation revealed that the Joan he had been .talking, to . was none other Joan Fontaine—Academy Award winner. From thenge he proceeded.to bat ■his head against the locomotive. Nice going, Wes. The Cary Club’s “man of science” —rBill Mraz, seemed to have a tough time of it last week. He invited a Tri Delt from Northwestern down for the dance Friday and then discovered that he was scheduled to deliver a lecture in the defense course he’s teaching that night. After explanations, pleadings, and such failed to convince the gal that she couldn’t come down, William asked Gordon “17 Million Dollar Kid” Butler to take her. Now we’d like to know' how Bill made out. Those Ti-i Delts are hard to convince. Hope they weren’t hard to please. , Here’s a trite saying we found in the Washington Newsletter: Has to do with the ten commandments of winning the, war. “Thou shalt not hoard; only the ( Tbe Quickest, Surest Way yp Can Help Win This
squ.irrel hoardeth and this he doeth because he is a squirrel.” ■ We hear d one of Billy .■Hosier’s pals recite the following to him the other eve: “When they handed oiit noses, you thought they said; roses . . . and picked yourself a big red
one.”
Betty Hutchinson of the Alpha Chis took Ed Esping’s Phi Sigma Kappa pin the other night. Just another romance that materialized . in the Student Union office. Or did if? Congratulations, folks. The SAE pledges didn’t want to attend the regular Monday night meeting last week, so they chartered a bus and went to Indianapolis for the evening. After that little stunt, we’d expect anything from that bunch. Looks like the “sleep and eat” boys have some “problem children” on their hands. A couple of the Theta. Xi boys. Bob Visin had imports down the other week and when it came time for them to leave, the boys about left with them—having to stop a train to remain.here in dear old W. L. Seems that they got.on the train' to say . goodbye and “parting \yas such sweet sorrow” that they didn’t feel the train pull out. As a result they had a nice, little walk back to town. They didn’t seem to mind, though. 'Kappa Sigma ... social fraternity, announces the pledging of Jack Harshman, Frankfort, and Jasper Loundenback,- Knightstown. giiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiig I Dr. A. M. Irion 1 I —- DENTIST — i S 119 Vi Northwestern Ayo. = S Phone 4965 g liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilii! PINE BAR GRILL Parties — Our Speicalty 200 Columbia
ig ‘Sident/^
Compete In St; ^ufis^
il
If any senior is interested in an interview,with any'of|the following
..companies,■completfeione of the.yel- .,
'flow f/.Hequestbfoi' Interview”, cbi’dls, absupply. of which iS; in your school
office. You will be unified by card afternoon the bestbplants from the Personnel Office when to ,hy tstudentB 4n''.the;Afl6ricui:sc^le ,department will-he? wt^pp^
Wagner Electnc Corp., Sf Louis, ^
Mo. Coming soon.^Emnd EE. Sign aBd -Uarderi Show-.that will upWin Peveohnd Office. open in the St. Louis ArCn'a tomojrDuquesne Light Co Pittsbfiigh, Professor E. R.-HotjC Pa. Coming, soom.^ and EE. S „n floriculture up an . er^nne. ce. , ■ partment, will be in charge of'.tjiie ■ flowers during their stay, at tS Louisville, Ky. Coming.soon. Worn- ,. :
en chemists and'women chemical :ensineers with BS, MS M PhDcome to 'the Personnel Office imthe flowers and plafits since the bfe-
mediately and schedule an inter- . . - j., ■ , A i d i '
ginning of the school year last SoPf
^'^’aievrolet .'Muncie (Division of ton^ber. EigM Students’:^wei«l General Motors),, Muncie, Lidiana Hnavd^i^Ang|V, .-«-March 13. ME, EE. Schedule an Roemer of New Yorkr-N; Y.,vEdw|lii. interview immediately in the Per- Brooks, Edanbm-g;_ Ro^rt^iW, sonhej-0ffice;p -DNr IndianapMis;^Maxine Runkle %: m 6uider.Laihp uDivisionmCDlvision foy°tte; Bob Br^ster, LG^Isla)|,; -offGeneral:. Motors rCorporation), N. Y.; GraftonA^n^on, Gre^--Anderson, I Indiati'a. Goiniiig : next tie; William Schallhorn, ■vWdek. ME, EE,' GhE; particularly a zoo, Michigan, and Ernest NciyahjI" ;ChE ■.with a Met option. Sign-up in 8'or, Chicago, IlL ' thrCAersbiinel Office inunediately.: Eor the past several- years .vthe -IRCA Mfg. GO., Indianapolis,.'Ind: University .students have woti the ->H-March :16. ;ME; EE -and women silver cup awarded for ■ acquiring engineering students. Also women the most points in the-collegOMi^i-.unajoring 'in statistics; accounting sion. Last year they were .second and -business administration. Gome only to the University of Il|ih<jis, tO‘the,Pers6nnfel Office immediately; who won by three points.
ir Minneapolis-Honeywell Regulat-
'.Or ■.'Company;. Aircraft ; Division, I f C'ninniOil /Minneapolis, Minnesota. EE (pro- 'uyJWflCJ YY . ferabiy .those who have majored in _ gj, ^he Pacific,sU^..rcommuMieations or electronics) and Tuesday, March 17,,at. 4 ;p.'m. ME.' If interested, secure an appli- 907 of the Mechanical En-
cation blank froin Per.sonnel Office before 3:00 p.in, Wednesday, March
18.
American Steel Foundry Co., Chicago, 111.—^Mai’ch 19. ME (with maintenance, production, time study options). Positions open in Pittsburgh, St. Louis, Ghicago. Schedule, an interview in Personnel Office before 10:00 a. m. Wednesday, March
18.
gineeiing building.. All advanced, course students are urged to attend.
Everything for q College Education DEA-C’S
Daily Health Service Report
■ student health service reports W. M. Ballard,. Engineering ’45, was entered in.the St. Elizabeth’s Hofjpitalfor surgery, and Mai’y A, Kennedy, Home Ec. ’45, entered in the WRH infirmary for medical treatment. Di.scharged from the St? Elizabeth’s Hospital were R. I. Hyman, EE ’43; J. ,C. Massey, TNIE ’45; R. 5 S. Simpson, Engineei'ing ’45; W. S, Dickey, Engineering ’46; and T. E. Mai’chant,. EE ’-13.
TODfY THRU SAT
DENNIS PETER O'KEEFE LORRE 'Mr. District Attorney" 1 — and TOM KEENE —■ in — "Ridin' Sunset Trail" — Also — SlRIAU— LATEST NE WSr /
GIVE JEWELRY No matter for whom or what the occasion, jewelry is always a suitable gift.
Jewelers
419 Main St.
Since 1884
Buy Defense BONOS
-STAMPS
No
w:
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
J^WidusL ExfioheM, All-American 194C)-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the ftet of Congress : of March 3, 1879, and at tlie'special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $1.00.
UdiloT-ih-Cliicf. ' N'cwd Editur ; Haurti", Editor. .
. Ned A. Ochiltree BuHincsB Manager.. ..John U. 'fraugott Managing Editgr Phil JohiiBon Coed Editor.„
Don S. Powers ..Loland W. RulTner .;Kuth Hose
( Publication Staff 'if'I. Associate Editors /•'EditorUi BloB: ,1. ]■'. Aiiios, J. U. Arinalroiig, l>. T. Bropby, I; It. I.. Hadley, V. 1. Jones, K. (■'. Kieper. ^ Sports SlalT: O. T. Ciark, J. D. Eraser, J. S. Keeler. I* Coed Stgff: Mary K. lloyiilon, Alice Clialfivld, Jane Kamtidel).
Business Staff Coed Itustiiess Manager: Dunna tsioBs; Office Manager: Lee BpESOllK. ' , ^ ‘ . Local Advertising Managers: K. K. fjjjitfre, R. E. Sagtoii; Cirpulittion Manager: W. T. bell; Aeepunta Manager: W. p. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Erankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin. - -■ ■ ■■ ■ ■ -
I Phones:
Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editonal After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Ine., College Publishers Representatives, 4Z0 Madison Ave.,.New York, N, Y -
I ■ .r ■ :■ Night Editor: Hoffman f ■' ■ ■'tBli)r'Editor: Wickard
Staff For This Issue
lisbut; Kditur: Schneider
sSpurtti Editor: Sowardu
Ueporterb: PJcUi-rinj.', UosvvinklG, Smith, Martin'dell, Oeliilirct?, Ford, Hut/., ColfinK, Richardson, Laucr, Hunter, Hlunc, Karpick, Dc Mars, Gwo«dow, Fckstciii.
—-TODAY - FRI. - SAT.~^ — 2 FIRST RUN HITS -- Glamor Girls Buck tlie Crime Ring
PLUS
RANGELAND ACTION & THRILLS mi.EY OUTiAVVS
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE MODERN MATAHARlf A lone blonde beouty.v.more deadly than an entire enemy diyision...strikes from within ... and pays the price!
, ■—PLUSrTHE NEV/EST FRONT PAGE BOMBSHELL WHERE THE LAUGHS COME FAST AND THE THRILLS COME FASTER! NINE LIVES AkE NOT ENOUGH WITH RONALD REAGAN JOAN PERRY
Coming "Swamp Woman'
HELD OVER! THRU SATURDAY BY POPULAR DEMAND
ms
rODAY - FRI.
IT'S ALL FUN AND FlmWQRKSl S.T lAMMSTIi
DEFyiNG THE NAZI HEEtS!
FREE FRENCHMEN READY TO DIE ON THEIR FEET RATHER THAN LIVE ON THEIR KNEES!
'iy ,.AkK /•:; ,,,ii ,%v ,qi H/^ ‘ ;’■. » ',:^4. V, ' ,tv- ■ ■
'vi‘re. '-i ^ ‘ ^ * V"*; '1 V r Jv^ 7''/ " f ^ Y r^, ’ ' ?
's Atcffmen Head J^nn ArBdr Toddy
f 'dlirtt^xing a season of seven contests, marred only once by ^jat, 'Co^h ^Iftud Reeck’s wres|,Ung squad leaves.this after-
j for the Western Conference wrestling championship to be held in Bartlett Gymnasium in the “Windy
: -
' I' I'he Boilermaker grapplers enter this contest with a rather
behind them. Seven meets were what the
Jtiveters ^^weat through this season, and six of the seven, lafi^hst Findlay, Ohio State, Indiana, two against
^.."Kcirtli'vi^e^tern, and one against ChifiCffO were-vwTijby top-heavy scores;
tfliO vl^he' blemish on an otherwise crowns garnered in the AAU meet .iseas’on ‘ being handed to ^be start df the season. And six it|ldjia'^-;thb 'Illini, who have gone ^^be squad have turned in perfect oh, to I50m|)lete the only perfect perforjnanpes for the season, i^ealoh'onthe mat in the conference Five Champs To Return
Swrmfi»#r«A teavd For today jAquafiei At AnnAdiotp§!fappi0t$ Grapple At ChicogMi
Thursday, March 12> 1-942
Isbell Hutson To Feature Annual Grid Cliiiit
IM Schedules
tiia season,
lllihois Favorites
BASKETBALL
Thursday, March .12
Top Pro Forward Passing Duo Wifi Demonstrate For Coaches
ijarwood Houbo
Westminster vs Chaunecy
Wesley vs Roachdale Ward 3 vs Ward 17
Professional football’s most famous passing combination, Cecil Isbell and Don Hutson of the Green Bay Packers will
Five of the champions of last
^ season’s contest will make return Court, 's
^is perfect season by the Illini visits to the affair this year, one 7:”” ifrat(B&^th»m as.tofp^ (speaking from of the crown wearers is Casey Fred- ®
, towards taking the affair ^’^'^ks, captain of the Boilermaker ' fratebnity voLpyBALL demonettvafp and diseiis"? the use of the forward nass a-? one ^thjs sweek-end; over the defending contingent, who will compete in the Th^rsdaf X" h iTTt 7'^0'cioif;“^^lonstrate and discuss .tnc use oi tfie lorwaru pass, as one fcchSBjhFs fTohi. Minnesota. Both Iowa pound class this season instead Alpha Sigma Phi. Beta sigma of the features of the eleventh annual Football Clinic schedsafld fjhc Boilel’makers are in a sec- ^b® 121 pound class which he Theta Pi, Theta Xi," Triangle, Phi kappa yjgd to be heTe Friday and Saturday Apvil 3-4 «>«d 'place clinch as to standings, ^on last year. s.gma badminton t r r n tr p „ pl xt p- ’ 1 m pu 11’ t , dosing one contest; the rest Other of the champs to return are 1’’^' following fraternities will report for Last fall, Hutsqn won the National Football League s most ' .teams'- have more divided Julias and Morton of Iowa in the ^ valuable player award,’ while Isbell was pitching at least one r^doids, being favored in the follow- 128 and 145 pound class respective- Tau^EpsIlon^Phit Thete^^n s'lgma’chl: touchdown pass in every game. - “dflOashioh:'Michigan, Minnesota, ly; John Roberts, 166 pounder from They will appear on the pro- completing 117 out of 206 tosses for Vj^lfdfi^in, Ohio, Indiana, Chicago. Wisconsin, and Jim Gallcsc, 176 Alpha Mu,'Phi X’pa Tau.' gram Friday afternoon April a-568 average. ’The-, individual records for the Founder from Michigan. " ' " ’ ,
sehBon of the Riveter grappling Riveters Send Eight sqifad is one to establish a favor- The eight members of the Boilerabib^ opinion. Five of the gents have maker squad to represent the Rivto ' thhir credit Midwest AAU etors in the conflict are as follows:
121 pounds—Mickey MacDonald. 128 pounds-—Casey Fredericks. 136 pounds—Mark Matovine.
146 pounds—^Bob Butt. 155 pounds—Jim Paratore.
165 pounds—Roger Claseman. 175 pounds—Warren Eviston. Heavyweight—Frank Ruggen.
Foundation To Hold Track
rwiiucftivik ji w idviM. riwwiv p^ggj^g strategy with a field ex-
► A Potent Pair Of Co-Captains
Our heartiest congratulations to Bob Riley and AI Menke, co-capt3^ elect for the hardwood season next fall. It’s one of the best cajital^ setups we’ve seen in any sport for several years at Purdue. Both are able to hold their own against the toughest of competjon, and command the wholehearted admiration and respect of the teammalP^
hibition of thejiactics us^d in mak- other professional player, wbom they ^(jrill lead into the battles of the next season.' 'V 4.T 1 j 4. uj Riley has played two seasons with the Boilennakerg after Statf^;
GOOD PRINTING
at
PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Less Money Kane's Print Shop 401 S. 29th St. Phone 5205
Hutson is generally recognized as the most feared man in football Meet,Contests At Session ^
FoSl wm'b" —■"“O past».prese„t.Heb,-,kefiv..„.* nitrht at 8 in the Weslev Foimda- Between them, Isbell and Hutson for scoring and pass receiving last
tion house on Sheetz street Pro- nearly all of the professional year, bettered two which he already deadly pivot shots and intricate footwork are the envy of the cortferen^, ram for the meeting will consist P^ssi'^8’ records. Isbell, a Boiler- held, and tied three others. his burly frame makes him invaluable on rebounds and defehSb.-fe on inrtnnv trooV o-nwiPQ rnn. uiaker Star on the 1985-1937 teams, Don scored 12 touchdowns, ten on addition to his offensive prowess. He is a recent pledge to the Giittfet
’ ’ created a new league record last passes; scored 98 points, and Club and is a membdr of the Delta Upsilon fraternity.
season when he threw fifteen touch- equalled the record of 68 passes
in football and basketball at the local West Lafayette High School. B&S
Get Your Application Pictures ' mm
For your applications you’ll want a picture that’s a good likeness. Our experienced photographers will give their best services. lOSTER’S CAMERll SHOi^ Phone 6725 for Appointment
tests, and other forms of entertainment. There will be a ten-cent admission charge, and everyone in-
teiested is uiged to attend.
I
Allied Dye Corporation Fellowship Established For Chemical Research
down passes in 11 games, bringing caught in one season. Added to his his four-year total to 34 touchdown accomplishments of the previous passes. This is also a league record, six seasons, this gave him a total He set another mark last fall by of 57 touchdowns and 386 points, gaining 1,479 yards compiled by both new league records.
New fellowship has been established at the University as a gift from Allied Chemical and Dye Corpoiation. The gift has been given to the Depai tment of Chemistry for reseaich in any field of physical or
Swimming Team Ready For Big Ten Tank Meet*",
► Menke Third Of Great Hardwood Fanttly A1 Menke came to Purdue two years ago from HuntingbuCg’witb difie great reputation established by his older brothers. Bill and Bob, at Indiana to live up to. This year, his first in college competition, has, tbtinfl him one of the leading centers in the league. Al first planned to takieTa five year course, but the recent change of events caused him. to nwitlih to a three year schedule, making next season his last as a member ti£
the Purdue team.
He is president of Skull and Crescent, sophomore fraternity men's
honoiary, and a member of Sigma Chi fraternity.
Sprowl Moves Up With Purdue Immortals Frosty Sprowl, who just received the ‘'most valuable player’’ vote-Of
TTT1 4, -r. -1 1 • • 1 1 4, 4. 1 XI -KT 4,1 teammates the second year in a row, must have come closo'.to estab-
When the Boilermaker swimming squad defeated the North- ushing some kind of a scoring record over the weekend. After
western Wildcats 49 to 36 in the Fieldhouse’s pool last Sat- 14 points in the-carefully played Illinois game, Frosty left with Captain organic chemistry. This new *fel- Ul^day, they r^g down the curtain on one of the most success- Don Blanken and Mickey Tierney for Chicago,
lowship gi ant is similar to the one ful dual meet seasons witnessed here in many years. played with the Chicago Bruins in the^lational prqfessioBa'l established some years ago by the rnmnptiTie' in a total of seven dual meets the Riveters start tourney Sunday afternoon, and Sprowl hit the hoop ten tiroes Dn Pont Comnanv and which has '^O^Petmg in a total 01 Seven dual meets, tne Kivetms stait- 20 points in his professional debut. The next evening the Bruina-lost, been renewed every^ year since it season in the right fashion when they defeated an but Sprowl still added eight buckets to the losers’ total, making an even
was started invading Michigan State team on
A T Milipr nnflp,’ IHp dii’pption January 31, and just seven days
of D,.; HcoUell Hunt, h.s been Inter th.i ropo.led the perfot.nance Saturday represen^
selected by the chemical depart- by sinking our down-state foes from
„.e„. ue the eurrent receiver of the ll^evertr"'' pete^&rre”W“S“ir; new fellowship. Next yeai R. '. -phen in rapid order followed the swimming championship which once
60 points in three games in as many days. ^ Blanken Ouf Of Amateur Status
Don Blanken, by playing in the games with the Bruins, lost his amd.-
STkentn, wfil trthe°Difpont reverses* suffered by the Boil- againjeems destined to fall to the
fellow.
ermakers, when on February 14 the Eiost Wolverines, invariably strong Michigan Wol- 14 Leave
teur status, and will be ineligible to play baseball with the Boilemmkers this year. The lanky athlete is one of the top two or three Big Ten baseball players. Last year he played three positions, ending the season with one of the league’s best pitching averages, and also contributing a great deal in hitting power. „ Blanken’s choice to turn pro is a great blow to the Boilermaker base-
CiR. P^AUL a. risk DR. tUTHER A. RISK DR. HARGLD ). RISK —* DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
500MAIN ST
GLOTHFS SMOP INC
verines handed them theii first loss Hoping to make a strong bid for ball hopes this year, and leaves the pitching staff sadly depleted^ The and four days later, in Columbus, a place in the first division, 14 mem- team was counting heavily on Blanken’s aid. Hard working Walt Le£fOhio State s Buckeyes made it two bers of the Boilermaker swimming belt is the only starting moundsman with any experience. Walt has a in a row. team will leave for Ann Arbor to- lot on the ball, however, and will be in there chucking against the best From then on it was smooth sail- morrow afternoon accompanied by^ of them until his aim drops off. He’s a swell athlete,
ing for Coach Dick Papenguth and Coach Papenguth- ' t ,
his consistently improving squad, Chief source of points' for the, ► Seniors Hope Fop Barnstorming Touf ^ , and on February 28 they posted Riveters all this season.*has been^ rp, • xu n -i 1 x j j x xx x , ’ XX X ! xxx. Lxr XX 11 1 X lx- semoi’s on the Boilermaker hardwood team the past year hay® another entry in the win column by the medley relay, team composed oi„ jx xixx- jixx x i-., TTv,;„„™;x,r -.r ti v-,.,,x • x Trli.x .!, organized a team of their own, and plan to barnstorm during the next
outswimming the University of II- Captain Dick iCfatzeiv Curley Anlinoi.s team at Champaign. deison, and JoetWilliamsdn, and in Finish Strong their meet with Indiana they estab-
On March 4 the Boilermakers lished a new varsity record of 3:07 were in Chicago where they met and for the event-j . . ' defeated the hapless Maroons of Counting On Gap’tain '
Chicago University for their fourth Papenguth will also 'be counting’
few weeks. Last year several Indiana stars including the Menkes, Armstrong, Schaeffer, and others conducted a very successful tour of this kind. XT ^ They’re arranging a schedule now, and already have several good
prospects.
, ; ^
victory of the year, and as men- heavily on Kratzer’s speed in the ued improvement of Jim Krueck in man Bauer,’ Joe.'WilRfisnson, Jiiii tioned above they brought their sea- splints, having sot h"new varsity the rleay event. . Krieck, Fred HeKr^xxVferd-Hansjet, son to a close against Noithwest- lecord of :63.6 in the lOttyard event Following is the list of the 14 Cliff Erikson,.;-Frunk Lake, e™ here. this .season,.on Joe Williamson in men to.make the trip: Jack Ancker, Tinglcy, Johtf iJheJSgat/Jlack Horjit, And now this week, tomorrow and, the brg^^gftfe?,t,^4^g,^t^gLgqntii}-, ^ncl,C^jiin D^j|^ger. ^
Why worry lipfes and upkeep ori yd^r <^wn
— RATES — 1 Pasiiiciiger
35c
2
Paissciigers
50c
3
Passengers
75c
4
Passengers
... $1.00
Phone 5023
car?
One of our ihany services is to do all this worr^*"*^ for you. Just call a
•A
I Iis
Purdue'Exponent
f\» ysst'
< t
Thursday^ March 12^ 1942
JhsL {jJa&hinqiorL MERRY-GO-ROUND By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Seed Corn Growers To Begin Conference At University Today
Today On Wbaa
Notices
Tokio Emphasizes Race Problem In Propaganda To Filipino Populations M ASHINUTO’N Maich 11—Ja pan s '^ub lo'^a piopagamia cam pai},n among- the Ncgioc*' m not c\ peeled to got ainwhoic in this countn Coloied citmens lia\t been among the most pitiiotic in loin ing up Howevei it is anotlui mat tci in the Philippines ivheie Jap propaganda seems to be liacing some effect Thatisssh\ MacAithui ordered a lot of piopagandi loaf lets Rcpoits iceeieed hue aic tliat high Filipino ollicials hi\e gone o\ el to the puppet Japanese Go\cin ment much moie than the public icalizcs Among them aic the following Claro Reeto foinierlj a Su preme Court lustice and foinier counsel for foreign gold mines no-H new puppet Ministei of Fd ucation Jose 'Sulo formti Minister of Justice and speaker of the House now Chief Justice of the Philip pines \ntonio de las Mas aHanaid graduate who was former ’Minis ter of the Interior now Mimstei of Interior in the puppet eabinet Speaker Paredes of the House of Representatn es and foi mei Commissioner in Mashiiiglon now reported in the eabinet While some of these mu haee been motivated be neeessitt and a desiie to piotect the Filipino peo plc bv coopeiation neveitheless the Jap’s chief appeal has been on so cial giounds The Japs haee lubhed home the fact that I ilipinos eeeie not admitted to Amtiiean clubs and this emte distinetion at least with some Filipinos has ei iscd all of the excellent colonization the piospeiit\ and the eiitual indepen dence which the United Slates had given the Filipinos foi ^eus Note Intelligenee lepoits fiom Hie Orient indieatc that in some aieas almost as mueh damage has been done be Japanese soeial propaganda as be Japanese bul lets It had something to do ee ith the fact that the British could not make a last ditch stand at Sing i pore And it had a gieat deal to do eeith (he speede Japanese sue cesses in Bui ma Buiniese eeen Staged disastrous iiisui leetions behind the British lines • Capital Chaff Geoi^e S\ eiter \ leieek has been coneicted of bein„ i N izi agent But his son Petei Vienck a pi ofessoi at Haieaid is publish iiig a book disa^ieeing laeliealle feith his fathei Petei bom in the USA IS expo me the ISa/is
Dan Mood\ of Icxas is eletei mined not to let P iss the Biscuits Pap p> 0 Daniel leluiii to the Senate witliout a contest Ihe man who has been iiiessmg Chin chill hud est to mikc in independence state ment legiidmg India is Su Stat fold 6tiipps Like his biothei the picseiit Justice ot the Supiemc Couit Judge Geoige Muiphv of Detioit held foi coloied piisoneis in Detioits leeent lacc not ovoi the housing pioblem • White House Nepotists Caiiitol Hill isn t the only place in M ishington wheie nepotism is ])i letieed In the White House is M illi nn H MeRe-viiolds peisonnel ulministiative assistant to the Piesuleiit leiding authoiit\ on eiv il seiMce and a caicei man who has been on the fedei al payioll 35 le ns MeRcMiolds can expound b> the houi on the gloiies of the mei it s\ stem But he also knows how to make it pa\ peisonal dividends loin membeis of McRej Holds’ famih aie holding down nice paling goieinment lobs Theie weie five until a shoit time ago But one of thehi Mis John Holmead a daughtei quit hei $4 800 a -leai lob lecently Pievioush she h id come to public attention by ski 1 ocketting overnight fiom a tl 800 clcikship to peisonnel chief at S4 800 Latest MeRe-ynolds kin to get a bet til on the public pa\ioll is a 22 leai old daughtei Mis Ivatheiine Butt a ^'tSOOaieai secielaiy in hei potent fathei s oihee huither Mis Butt isn’t the onlj niembti of hei own tamih diawiiig a goieinnieiit paj cheek Her husband M G Britt has a S3 200 lol) 111 the food section ot the Mai Pioductioii Boaid His rise to (Tiis pa\ sc lie is al most as spectaeulai as was that «1 his sistei in law Mis Hoi mead A little ovci i eai a^o hefoie he became i McReynolds son in law >01111,, Butt was i messengei in the old 0PM it SI 800 a jeai lie vi„oiouslj insists that his ‘ sue cess stoi-s use was not due to his maiiiage and cites as pioot the fact ih it his latest piomotion was pi 101 to his wedding I got It entiich thiough m\ own ablllt^ lie deelaies Mi Me Rejnolds had ibsolutel-^ nothiiv to do with it In tact I dicln t meet him until a lew months ago I met m\ wite in Deeembei (1941) we bee line engaged two weeks latei ukI weie in u i led in Jamiaij \t (he tune ol making his nu teorie ns lioweeei his future sistei in 1 iw Mis Holmead was a higli odieial in the 0PM s pel soiinel oihee Ihcolhci tw o MeRe) Holds lel
Foul Ih annual Hoosiei hybi id seed coin eonleieiiee to be held to day and tomoiiow at the Uiiivei sity IS expected to attiact piocluceis fiom thioiighont the state Ihis morning K U Beeson, Uiiiveisity extension agionomist will icpoit on the 1941 extension demoiistiations and the five aeie com club lesults III addition to Beeson’s lepoit pel sons attending the open iiig session will heal a leview ot the leeent coin boiei leseaieh woik Discussion Topics topics scheduled foi discussion aie pnoiitios ind supplies loi 1942, adyeitising and publicity, needs in h-ybiid impioveinent an .ippiaisal ot h>bnds extensiveh used in 1941, coin eai woim and com hoiei con tiol and wheie to put plant food this \eai Five plant biccdeis each fiom a iliffeieiit state in the coin belt will appeal on the piogiam to diseu‘'S leseaich veoik uncleiway in then lespeetive distncts H J Reed dean ot the School of Agiicultuie will speak on “New Policies on Release of Inbied Lines in the Coin Belt Stites and Di Meile T Jenkins of the U S De paitment of Agiicultuie will ad diess eonleiees on ‘Regional Co opeiation foi Coin Impioveinent in the Coi 11 Belt In tonioi low s final atteinoon ses Sion Glen M Smith ot the Univei sity Agueultuial Extension Seivice IS scheduled to discuss pop eoi n h\ hi ids Tau Epsilon Phi social liatemit> announces the election of the tollowing officeis foi the coming school > eai Noiman Spetnei chancclloi Alan E Aikin nee ehancelloi Albeit Kat/ sciihe, and Ilowaid Gieen butsai
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
MATCHED^ FEN AND PENCIL SETS FROM $5.00 mj5
"RrLei '^m-VACUMATIC’^ II o will write more often ft xoii gi>« him the pen ihni meets “armv regulations”. Yes, the Parker—with it* £>o<ket Jeicl clip xvill he a r« al‘■‘hiuhli ” to the soldier, sailor, or inanm . ft’s defiiiilelx smart ami prceision hiiilt to “laki Jl”. How proud he -will he to show the Parker \a<umati< to his frii mis—> et ke< p it Cotii<ale<l during jnsp<*ilioii 4nd speaking of insjiei lion —won't xou MSI I ns lodai and Jiispei I onr line assortmerit of i’arker j>cn« and j[»eneils^
DECKERS
518 Mam St
Phone 5036
actnes on the govei ninent paM oil aie Mis Holmead s husband, drawing “H 800 as a Pioeuieinent Division tniploie and hi& father John Holmead, Si , getting $2 300 with the I aim Cicdit \dmin istration With MellejuoUls $10 000 a leii the combined tike loi the tamih is $21 100 (Copj light 1942 hi United Tea till e Sj ndieate Inc )
THURSDAY
9 65 News
10 10 The Cuiio Man 10 16 WBAA Pie&cnts JO 30 Listen While You Woik
10 66 News
11 00 FedciateU Clubs
11 15 Music
11 30 Paieiit Teaehei Association
11 45 Music
11 60 Puidue News
11 56 News
12 00 Agueultuial Poium 12 16 Meet the Band
12 46 Music 12 66 News
1 00 Paients Foi urn 1 16 Souveniis 1 30 Science Review 1 46 Maikets
1 65 News
2 00 A Stoiy A Da> 2 16 The Apothecary
2 30 Music
2 45 Treasuie Chest
2 56 News 3 00 Music
j 15 Atteinoon Melodies > 30 Musical Round Up
! 66 News
4 00 Tea Time Tunes 4 16 Ileaid in the Hallway
4 oO Music
4 46 The Cuiio Man
4 60 Musk 4 56 News
5 00 Just Relax 6 30 Vespeis 6 4o Little Miss MufTett
5 6o New s
() 00 Dinnei IIoiii () iO Spoits Review
() 45 Music Cl 66 News
7 00 ‘^Uiban Sociologj Pi of T K Noss
7 60 Music 7 65 News
S 00 Stoiy Behind Music 8 30 Ml Dextei—singti 8 45 Eventide Echoes
8 55 News
9 00 Musieana
0 56 News
10 05 Off the All
NIBROC PAPER TOWELS None Bctlor Prices fo Suif PHONE 7828 LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO.
Sketched from stock
Exclusive
•CHAMELEON" this suit dre s cun ciiunge its every moud to suit your needs Its br gFt apple dos ng cind stitched apple pocket strike a refreshingly youthful not®
Acromndclcrs Mcetins: Thuisduy Maich 12 at T 80 pm in Room 80Important PJeasc attend —-SMIIH Student Senate All juniors and aopho mores including workers who dcairc to bt considered cHriW for positions dunn^ either of the next two Bcmcsteis will pre Hcnt petitions to the president of the St n ate not later than 15 p m ruday Mai 13 1 otitions will include recommendations f i fiituu projects or leviSions personal (|ual ideations and a brief account of past ^oiv kCh ~l)1130b t)x|Mmciit StnfT Sni:n tp lu 1 ditunal of fiet before I riday March 13 if vou want to uo to the Banquet oh bunday
BROPHY
Si^mii Delta Psi Mtetun, of all Unst who have passed stven ti mm Usts in Room 302 of Union 1 ndav Maieh 13 at J 00 pm Impoitant HANbLN Ihomas Entomolniricul bociciy Will hold its monthly nHetixiL Ihuisdiy Mai 12 at 30 p m in loom 10 3 of At in 1 turn] Hall CLAllK Student War Council Mut 1 acl stiu t in the Music Hall at 10 '5') am lhur3di\ Mar 12 Council will attend iunoiuon fot lowintr convocation in uuni 332 of llu Un im DIBOS Ceres Spool ii ne tiiiL Jhuisdaj Maieh 1in room dOt in the Union it 10 p m All pUdKes must be pestnt with full 1 ixts CAM AIIAN WAA ftuncil m e(ii^, Iliui day Maicli 12 at 4 if) in i,vm WAI Kl R Debris PhotoRrnphy St iff Sophe mores tint Tumors pleast eime to Ro m 30 Fut dnv March 18 at 1 p m WALKLR ME TO Make Up exams ExuminatioMB to remove ( ami I grades in MU 30 will be iiiven Saturday Maieh 11 at 1 p m m room 101 of the MI buildim, Pleast i otify me if interested —GLIGbR ASMS Toint meeting, of st ident biandi and Ccntial Ind section pridav Maieh 13 at 8 p m in Fast I aeOlty l(uni,e of the Union Piize talk tj be t,iven by student members of the Unncrsitv and of Ro t Poly Tech Institute bi inch Ail rnechai ical n^incors weleonu GOBLL
DifithixuiHli^d sltideiUH: Refunds arc now available lit llu cashier fl otflco m the Lxfculive Buildimj —HOM LNSBU Women Students Coeds inkusttfl in HUinnui woik should tlU applications with the Womi n H jilaeement Hirviet in the Tx cutive Building before Snlurdny Marih 14
—I LNDl
Ridinir Club Important nieitin^ Ihuis day Mnich 12 at 7 30 p m in loom 305 of -
the Union —BROWN loom 20'
GlWcr Club Meeting Tlilirsday M*r«h 12 in room 212 of the Onion nt 7 70 W
—CAFFEE
Wenijcv PInyern Meeting nt Weeidy Foun(Intion Thursday Mnreh 12 at 7 30 p m
Open mtoUng Everyone
Arivnnred Course Military Students i Lt Colonel White will tnik on the Pdclflc sit
nntmn l utsdny March 17 at 4 p m In
of Hk Mechanital Englncetlng
Seiiiar Cadet OflTiccrs SiLii up immedi J t ly < n advinctd lourbt bulletin boaid foi app intnunls to have pictuies Inlun tI JOHNbON Honorary PrcsidcntH Ihc presidents oi their repKstnlativts of the folUnvinK Hon trirus will attend a brief medinpr in the btudent Sonati olfict on Ihursday March 12 lit 7 30 p m I ta Kappa Nu 11 Fan Siemn (hi Irsihn Catalyst I hi tamblu Upsilon Omuun Nu Kapi a 1 si Alpha / ta i)(lla lllu Kappa and bivcm i Delta Ps, DIBOS Student War ( ouiieil Mt tn e Ihirsday Mareli 12 at lo pm in the btu lo it bin ate olfiee DIBOS RoR:er Williams ( tuh Si at t l 1 D*tv at MapI I I lilt Satmdnj muhl March 11 iVl tt at the (lunch at 8 admissa n 2re
ULULY
loom ‘J* binldnu? All advanced course atudenfe are
SULMVAN
urjjed to atUnd
Gold Peppers Important meeting thurs March 12 al 4 30 p m in room 303 of the Union - SCAllPr Agriculturist Uxlumclv importunt hip^^ mg of till Ubctoral Hoard Monday Murcli 10 at 4 p m in room 117 of Ag Iiull ,lln pcrrttive that all di partmental cdltofa arid senior statT members attend Much is to be done I hose unable to attend at HIOT -SNYDUR Union Bophomorcs All sophomores plahninj, to netition for juhioi offices will report to lobm 203 of the Union nt 4 Ip p nj Ihursday Maich 12 Tht. Union test Will be given at this time Please be prompt , . —KNIGHT PIA Chorus Meet in South Tower Room ( f the Union Thursday March 12 at 7 <^0 p m —SOPCAK
PIA lea Dale frnn 3 U f 30 i m the Union
U
batui h y Mai (h in North I3illi om i
ASHBILK
Slndciil Usliers St id ti uslirs and i ) li e I I varsity hisUellMlI Liim s git then inotuy at tli tiekd ollice m ih 1 i Idluus DOAN Tiiiiior Mcchiiuial I ngiiiccrs All i ii i i Ml s wli hav( n I (ill I < it tli ii )ei onml letoid c irds should ^lop al the of fe 11 th Mei 1 inieil I i gin eiiiii. Build iL HI 1 fill It Ih il eirls 1(1 )r Sat (liy March 11 VO(tI I U Wchtminster loundalion BI lekout laitv 11 id ly Maieh 13 Meet in the chnidi IjUnt,e it t 1 ni lliei will 1 Lanus and iefreslinieiiLs stived I v< rv< u is iii vited IHOMA Sophomore AenPs All i| \ Iniiti us f t BS A< ro 1 m,! d cut mu I 1 n til M rein 210 ML luildiie t latei thin Maieh It 111 1 Ici to 1) e i 1 It e I WOOD Alpha /eta Pledi es C i t let He w ir 1 Diesslin at Al ihn Ciamm i IUk foi loeal an I n ilional constitutions immediatelv Watcl Ixionent ft i furth i i ticts SWAIM
Wanted full time fiteirbffrapH^r general offite asBistant Furdne ba<k« ground preferred Apply by lett^ Exponent Box No 1
Ivpewrilcrs Adding •Machines all ronktjfi 1(1 Kilted lepaired and purchased giaih work U ue C J Eberbhoft 605 Mam I ufayetle 1 hone 2770 I o«t Wine Shafer lifetime fountain pen Alice Collins phone 75674
PA 1 UONIZEl EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
w ijli
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store
Do Ppplo 40
Get longer wear from your fine clothes . . . Crown Cleaning Regularly Assures Longer Wear Crown Laundry
Top of ihe Hill
for... SAFtiy COUFOliT
COISEBYilTIOM of illllllitli lilOT III I! m We Tire Prepared to Serve
imim TRANSII CO.
The Way to Cut Expenses ' / and Increase Sales is to Advertise in the PUnnUE EXPDIVEIVT