yi. ^ ^
c ^ ^ .C ^ i,L ^ ( “s ^r y j
“X I
' ^ - r,, ;> '
i %.. t I
Boilermakers Smother Wayne Quintet, 5049
JOo//^ Smc^ /^0£
I) I I jjii ln^^■^■^lMJ;w^l ijiim. II 111 Votume SSf SO
Wmrt Lciiay«tle. lodicma
Thursday. December 12, 1940
First Nighters Applaud *»“' 1^1 I r To Labor; Stresses
Playshop Performance
Burns Brings Band To PI A Semi-Formal Next Friday Night
John Gdl Scores Hit As Henry Aldrich In Goldsmith's Comedy, 'What A Life'
By Boll Skallerup
Playshop's second effort looked like a two-year run last night when John Goll as the incorrigible Aldrich boy bit, kicked, and prevaricated his way out of one scrape and into another through three well cast and fast moving acts of Clifford Goldsmith’s
^‘What A Life.”
Setting for the play was a full blown layout of the typical midwestern high school principal’s office where poor Henry and his tormentors spent most of their time. Effervescent physical education for young ladies’ instructors and energetic ticket salesmen buzzed in and out continually to add to the gen-
eral confusion.
Frying Pan Into Fire First act finds the misunderstood but deadly earnest'^subject of this treatise on alibis vigorously denying implication in a study hall riot. Dating the football hero’s flame with the aid of Shakespeare and Hamlet takes most of Henry’s time until his mother’s appearance on the scene explodes a well concocted tale and drops'him from a relatively comfoytable frying pan into the fire. Suspended For 60 Days Financial distress and Hannibal’s tour of the Alps add to Hank’s worry in the second act. Finding himself with a date and without funds he promises to excel in a Roman history exam for two dollars. Subsequently he is caught mooching and suspended for 60 days. To explain to the jilted maiden, Barbara Pearson played by Rosemary Boyd, Henry conveniently places an uncle in Denver on the verge of death and tells her that he must hasten to his
bedside.
Pawns School Band Prospect of reform school looms large for the Aldrich boy in the third act when the laws of evidence and a black mustached detective accuse him of pawning the school band. Bolstered in his darkest hour by the understanding assistant principal, Mr. Nelson nicely done by Bill Sharpies. Henry’s namb is saved when the villain is disclosed. Deciding to take his light from beneath its bushel at the advice of Mr. Nelpon and attend an afb school, Henry finds two tickets to the dance, borrows SO cents and the play ends. Outstanding characteristic of the perform^ce was the lack of rough spots. Spoken by a cast that fits its parts, the punch lines got across and were well received. It seems that acting improves when play;ers can draw onti^xperience for their
emotions.
Pi Tau Sigma Initiates Fait Pledges Tonight Pi Tau Sigma, meohanical engineering honorary, will hold formal initiation this evening at 5 o’clock in the Pi Tau Sigma reading room of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Following the initiation there will be a banquet in room 363 of the Union at 6:30 o’clock. Professor G. A. IJawkins of the experimental division of the Mechanical Engineering School will be the principal speaker of the evening. Bfe will give an illustrated lecture on boiler tube failures. Professor Hawkins won the Pi Tau Sigma gold medal award for 1940. This award W-as made for his research work with high pressure and temperature steam boilers, and was presented to hipi last week at the ASME convention in New York,
r.t.
Vincent Burns
Vincent Burns and his orchestra from New York City will provide music for the PIA Christmas dance to be held Friday, December 20, in both ballrboms of the Union. Decorations for the dance, which IS semi-formal, will feature the theme, “ ’Twas the Night Before Christmas.” Damon Elder, PIA social chairman, is in charge of the
dance, o.l.a.
McKittrick To Play At Mixer Saturday Bob McKittrick and his band will play for the weekly Union mixer in the south ballroom Saturday night. McKittrick’s band is from Indianapolis and has played at the Columbia club, the Indianapolis Athletic club and for many state fraternity
dance^.
A new idea will be tried for the first time at the mixer. Certain pass-out checks will be stamped and will entitle their lucky holders to free refreshments in the Sweet
Shop or Grill, p.g.h.
'New Social Order' States Germany Waits Correct Time To Win By David M. Nichol
SPECIAL EADIO
To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Berlin, Dec. 11.—^Fuehrer Adolf Hitler’s speech before the assembled workers of an armaments plant in a Perlin suburb yesterday is considered significant by observers here for its increasing emphasis on the social trend of the bi-polar program of National Socialism. Glowing Future For Workers Under National Socialism, he said, everything belonged to the people, with the Nazis seeing to it that the returns are reasonably distributed. He spoke of “common duties, common works, common worries,” of a land in which “birth means nothing, ability everything.” The war, he said, was a struggle between the opposing economies of capitalism in the derqocracies and the system introduced in Germany by the National Socialist revolution. Germany, he said, would win, but was in a position now to “await the
right time.”
Germany Must Win Defeat, he warned, “would be the end, not only of our work of social leconstruction, but the end of the German nation altogether.” Some observers thought there was an attempt to appeal also to dissatisfied populations outside the boundaries of the Reich. Capitalism, the Fuehrer said, is based on gold, whereas labor is the money of National Socialism, an idea which he said might spread. If the capitalistic world should collapse. Hitler declared, “I am convinced that the peoples would become really great.” Chemistry Staff Books Santa For Yule Party Sporting a long, white beard, a red nose, a dilated mid-riff and a bag of gifts, Santa Claus will make his appearance at the annual chemistry department Christmas party next Tuesday night. This Yuletide celebration will be held in the north ballroom of the Union. v Dancing, games, gift exchanges, special entertainment and a whirlwind of surprises'are in store for the staff members of the chemistry department, according to Tom Boyd, graduate student in charge of arrangements for the party, d.t.b.
— From All Fronts — Today's Summary Of War News ’
Chicago Daily Newa Foreign Service Copyright, 1940. Chicago Dai^ Nevra, Ine. Parts of two crack Italian divisions, numbering 30,000 men, have been trapped in the Egyptian desert, it is announced in London. Hope is expressed that both divisions vrill be surrounded. Six thousand prisoners and much war material have been taken.
Yesterday’s Italian communique says that after bloody fighting the Libyan army vanguard southeast of Sidi Barrani has withdrawn to its base. The British, Rome announces, suffered heavy losses.
A fierce battle^has raged in the heights known as the “Gateway to Tepclini,” it is reported in Athens, with the results so far unknown. On a 20-mile front, from north of Argirocastro to the sea, the Greeks were said to be rolling back the Italians.
“The food problem of the Axis is not critical, with the German rations acceptable though severe and with Italy able to export more surplus to the Reich,” John T. Whitaker has learned from a German source in Rome. Supplies have come from France, the Lowlands and from satellite countries.
“The Japanese annoyance over the fact that the Axis alliance has tightened instead of reducing Anglo-American collaboration is reflected everywhere in Japanese press comment,” radios A. T. Steele from Tokyo. Japan is moving slowly, he says, for the simple reason that she needs more time.
“About the only distinction Jose Waldberg and Carl Meier can claim is that of being the first spies to be executed in Britain since the war began,” cables Helen Fitzpatrick. “Were they more stupid than their colleagues, or don’t those colleagues exist?” x. Announce Speech Contest Winners Winning speakers of the annual Speech 14 convocation which was held last Wednesday in Eliza Fowler Hall were announced yesterday. The speakers and their topics were: E. L. Johnspi), “Construction of a Flood Levy”; C. E. Weber, “Centralized Traffic Control”; and R. I. Ronksley, “Method for Big Four Railroad to Make Money.”
National Survey Indicates Collegiate Newspapers' Edits Not Entirely In Vain; 2 Out Of 5 Read Them
By Student Opinion Surveyjs Do college students read the editorials in. their campus newspapers ? The college editor often feels what may be the apparent futility of composing and publishing editorial comment, but statistics on college reading habits just produced
by Student Opinion Surveys of America bpu? a new note of encouragement and furpish one measurement of the power of the under-
graduate press.
2 Out Of 6 Read Edits . Nearly two out of every flye students in a national sampling declared that tiiey had read the editorial matter in the current issues of their respective school papers publiatied when the poll was being
conducted.
Interviewers over a cross-sectiop of representative colleges and uni-
versities stopped students on their campuses, and placing before them the editorial page of theff own newspapers, asked, <<Have you read any of the editorials on this page?” Those who answered yes were further queried, “Completely pr only partly?” |Iere is the national tabu-
lation:
Had read editorials— Completely 39% Oply partly 36% Had not read editorials, 26% Part Readers Only two per cent of the students contacted declared they did not remember. It is not possible to assume that those who said they had read the articles only in pgrt may bp ipclud-' ed with the regular editorial-read-ing public college newspapers en-
joy, Some of the “part readers” may have gathered the gist of the articles, while others mgy have read just a few lines. What is sure, however, is that only one-fourth of the national enrollment during this typical week selected for the survey had not as muph as skimmed the editorial columns. The following sectional tabulations reveal that altbougb reading praetice is quite uniform over the countiw, students in western schools are the most avid readers:
Read
All Part None New England 34% 33% 33% Middle Atlantic ..36 ' 48 16 East Central ........36 36 28 West Central 46 ^ 34 21 South 33 26 41 ' Par West 61 28 21
Nat Towles' Band, Dirty Seniois, Police Gazette At Rassle 14-Piece Colored Band Will Shine At SDX Frolic By Patty Ryan Most people are pretty hairy by low, males we mean. It’s one of the annual idiosyncracies connected with the Sigma Delta Chi Riveters’ Rassle. Costumes that are just on the right side of legal requirements are another. On top of these interesting attributes, this
Nat Towles year Friday the thirteenth falls on the date of the dance. Rassling, accompanied by minor diversions, will continue from 9 until 12 o’clock in the Union,'ballroom preferred. Nat Towles Ngt Towles, late of New Orleans, and his orchestra will furnish the music for the Rassle. Nat, with his 14-piece colored band, appears for the first time on this campus. He is no stranger, however, to other collegians, having performed at proms and other dances at colleges from Baton Rouge’s Louisiana State university to the Big Ten’s Iowa. The orchestra is currently operating from Omaha, Neb., where they call themselves “The Toast , of the West.” Hairy Men One of the features of the evening will be Mary Kay Miller’s filth contest, by which we mean the senior in the dirtiest cords will he given an empty beer mug. Three'other experienced female judges, Beth Simpson, Ruth Rose and Donna Siess, will be on hand to help brand the dirtiest senior. All other costumes are supposed to be Bowery facsimiles. However, female Rasslers must keep skirts within a reasonable distance of their knees, or they will be subject to frowns of the censoring committee at the door. ' Of course, there will be rival entertainment to Towle’s band in the Police Gazette, a paper edited by Sigma Delta Chi, and which the faculty annually doesn’t like. Gimlet ... athletic booster hoUorary, announces the initiation of: Ted Axton, Bob Brown, Hal ToddT Alexander Clark, Bill Campbell, Mike Byelene, Don Douglas, Bob Breeden, Joe Dolan, Fred Elley, Bud Fisher, Walt Gipe,' Bob puffer, Rusty Layson, Bill Maierhofer, Gordon Peterson, Dick Raney, John Zuck. Gordon B. Fnd&rs ... of the University history department, will speak to the Cosmopolitan club and all other interested persons at 4:80 o’clock tomorrow afternoon in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. The subject of his talk will be '♦The Situation in the Far East.”
Weak Tartar Uve Wilts Before Swift Riveter Offensive Er Phil Johmam After getting off to a sluggish beginning the Boilermaker Big Ten defending championship juggernaut slipped into free wheeling with five minutes of scoreless bickering behind them to decisively trounce a surprisingly ineffective Wayne University quintet 50-19 for the third consecutive victory of the season. The Gold and Green Tartars firom the Motor City appeared confused by the aggressive defense and relentless offense of the victors, and were completely lacking in hardwood finesse and polished ball handling. The impotent attack of the Tartars netted them only a single two pointer during the first 20 minutes of the fracas. Boilermakers Vs. Progre^ives Adding a bit of color to the onesided tilt was the extravaganza presented by the Boilermaker and Progressive political parties between halves—an amazing display of ingenious contraptions, signs and voluptuous pulchritude. Over 40 decorative and informative signs graced the floor amid the cheers and hoots of the opposing party sympathizers. Coach Lambert kept the scorekeepers busy with a steady stream of substitutes as he continued his policy of seeking the most efficient combination to send against future opponents. Eighteen wearers of the Gold and Black saw action in the contest. Sprowl, Igney Star Frosty Sprowl and Captain Bob Igney sparked the Riveters’ offense with 14 and 10 tallies, respectively. Bill Van Vleck led the losers with five points. Never until the waning minutes of the game were the Tartars able to penetrate the Boilermakers’ offense, being forced to shoot from far out on the floor for the major part of the tussle. Even on the long shots the invaders were so rushed (Continued on page 4) Welding Conference Opens Today; Latest Equipment Displayed The latest developments in the welding industry will'be demonstrated and discussed by recognized authorities today and tomorrow at the sixteenth annual Welding Conference meeting in the Michael Golden Shops. Professor C. W. Beesq, head of the department of general engineer^ ing and who is directing thq conference, predicts that there will be between ^600 and 800 r^resentatives of the welding industi^ in attendance. Latest Welding Equipn^t In additloi^to the scheduM^ meetings and coi^^nces, there will be an exhibit fdc the latest in oxy-acet-ylene and electric wddkig ^nipment presented by 16 of the nation’s leading manufacturers. The conference wilt open tins morning with a symposiuip on “What Is New in Welding Weldjng Methods,” presented hyAhe representatives of the various ex-^ hibitors. Technical Sessions The technical sessions will open this afternoon with a meeting under the Erection Thompson* of Danville, IJI,, apdlC'W. Eipdley, of the pniversity staff. This eve^ 49tnff( IPaul >Gaa^ o4f Hi# Unhrarsltf staff, will present a demonstratioQi of “What Happens Inside of a Wrff Under Strqss.” Case will use photon elastic modelsXin carrying out this demonstration. Modem Fhmia Cutting MeHiads Tomorrow numimg. Dr, fohn H, Zimmerman, of the I4Me Abr Products Co., New Twk, will descrih# applications of modtem mehbods ia flame cutting, and ip tho afhwton* H. S. Card* (Hevelaikk wfil present a demousbnitkuiawl slop * of tubing, j^f.p* ,, \if' ! f - ' I-" )> r "5 A\
1^ ,i » »
' , i j' / ! + 1,
. ,v / ^ / \ ^ ^'i . X Va •* M ^ V f ' * ? ^ t s, ' , ' . ' ' T S' f , . ' r r, /
, ^ ^1 , !i 1
> ’ i .
f" \
Pofal^JtudWdtA
lliutBdcty. December 12, 1940
' tb a 1^ ,k It Mk ~'~ itr-a n mm (HJUAatuL (^XpOMiUL
o*h
The ^th Colmmi
See by the papers that the British have rounded up 80,000 Italian troops in Egypt. How they got so far from jhome is still somewhat of a mystery. We figure they just got to retreating. And their compass went bad. ♦ ♦ * What in the deuce anybody would want with 30,000 is beyond us though. All they do is eat good food and talk in a language no one can understand. But II Duce will miss them next time he gives a speech. After all. They did know the right places to cheer. ♦ * * Business is booming these days. In more ways than one. We are now selling munitions to practically everybody. If the3r’re not fighting, they’re afraid they’ll have to. The effect is the same. Now if we could only get Uruguay to fight Paraguay we would be darn near at peak production. That is if we could stir up a revolution in Nicaragua. * * * The English hung two spies the other day. Dreary little men they were described. Evidently had not been seeing the new American movie version of what the well-dressed spy will wear. They were picked up scurrying behind hedge rows carrying little black boxes that contained short wave equipment. We figure they deserved to be hung for being so inexcusably antiquated. The dreary little men. * * * Nowadays the espionage agent is a dark, sinister, well dressed individual who has wormed his way into a place of trust. And he doesn’t scurry. He slinks. * + * Besides that he rides in a high-powered car driven by a chauffeur with a saber scar over the left eye. The chauffeur also has a swarthy complexion ahd a slight limp. And the short wave equipment is located in the tower
The Purdue Exponent Entered as wMnd dass matter at the poet office In iLiafayette, IndiaSoa, under the act of Conicresa of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised Jannanr 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly daring the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-(j|iiet B. W. Donahne Business Blapager Merle Hagemayar Publication StafI News Editor — — 3. H. McKee Managing Editor — - D. K. Heiple Associate Editora: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, I,. W. Rnffner, R. M. Skallemp, J. Ii. Txaugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, 6. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kdy Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna SiesB. Sports Staff Editor „ ~ ~ . J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Ochiltree Day Editor: Rose Ass’t Night Editor: AUanson Sports Editor: Johnson Reporters: D. T. Brophy, P I Jones, R A Tewksbury, P G Hoffman, J G. Petty, V M Barson, M L Losey, A. L Slone, J D Smith, R W. Boswmkle, D E Butz, E M Lang, J. D Fraser, O T Clark, W H Hummel, P. B Lewis
Letter To The Editor December 10, 1940. Dear Sir: Today’s Exponent headlines read "Ballet Kusse de Monte Carlo Thrills Capacity Audience.” But did it really ? The question does not imply that the performance was uninteresting—it was a splendid one. Yet the attitude of a certain element of that audience would not have been creditable to a fourth grade class! A famous quotation states, “When I was a child, I spake as a child, I thought as a child; but when I became a man I put away childish things.” Evidently there were many “children” present at Monday night’s convo! For do not children experience innocent glee in making little paper gliders (from theme paper, programs and any such things available) and sailing them from the balconies? Doesn’t their ignorance account for their applauding before the curtain rises, in a vain attempt to hurry the actors ? You see,|then, that although Purdue is a university there are many “infants” in attendance. But the insinuation has not been caustic enough. Perhaps it is too subtle, as well, for our colleagues with fourth-grade “intellect.”
So, you who asininely applauded before the curtain was supposed to rise or who clapped when no one else did; you who contemptibly folded the programs into gliders and sailed them from the balconies, never considering the probability of injury to the eyes of the people below you; you who conspicuously stood up to peer into the band-pit as it arose; you who damnably giggled, whistled and wisecracked at the dancers and who presumptuously defamed the poble purpose for which the Hall of Music was built, either learn to conduct yourselves in respectable manner or display your appalling vulgarity in the cheap movies that obviously you are accustomed to attend. Think it over, “children,” and if you are offended by my remarks, go ^ome to your mother. She will sympathize with you. She thinks you are a good little boy. Lord knows what a mother will do for her “child)” J. W. M., ’41.
LIMA Today - Fri. - Sat — 2 HITS
ALSO
SANDY’S A SIREN! in a 3-alarm
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS! *^THIS GUN has gotten three out of five star witnesses. Jt^s ^your move, Saintn Si ^
IHi fAINf TAKEt OVER with GEORGESANDERS WENDY BARRIE Jonathan Hale • Paul Gniifoyle • Morgan Conway RKO RADIO PIcfure
PLUS
WouJd-be playwright almost mis$M one tryitiii tp har^^^i^^A
READ! ALAN MOWBRAY • HELEN VINSON 1>0NAL1> MocBBIDE ‘JOHN ARCHER
NOTICE PURDUE STUDENTS Have you made your reservations for the WABASH-PENNSYLVANIA PURDUE STUDENT "TRAIL BLAZER" SPECIAL to New York and vicinity? Reservations will be on sale at the University Book Store, 356 State Street, telephone 2192, from 4:00 p. m. until 10:00 p. m. December 16th to 20th fnclusive. SPECIAL LEAVES LAFAYETTE, 1:15 P. M. CENTRAL STANDARD TIME j. C. Davis 359 Vine St. Wm. Reade 357 Cary Hall S Ginny Diehl 402 Waldron St.
of an old English castle. * * * Those men must have been left over from the last war. ,1c >c * As a parting thought we wish to pass on to you a timely bit of information about the tippling habits of seafaring men. The American gob prefers whiskey, and the British tar likes his rum, but . . . The Italian sailor sticks to port.—dkh
25 EE Seniors Attend Chicago Conference Twenty-five senior electrical engineering students, accompanied by Dr. C. Francis Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering, attended the annual employment conference last Friday and Saturday in Chicago. The meeting was sponsored by the Chicago chapter of Eta Kappa Nu, honorary electrical engineering fraternity. The group spent Thursday inspecting the Chicago Municipal Airport, the Zenith Radio Corporation, Bodine Electric Company and the Commonwealth Edison Company. dw.o.
The Ratio— 3.93 .. to 1
The Gimlets had their initiation night before last and whistling paddles and howls were in order. After a little swinging, the boyg came back and put on the annual show for the actives and what a show it was!! Bob Brown, Ted Axton and Joe Dolan got the worst of it and Gordon Peterson took a nice one, too. The boys really had red southern exposures after that. Tough, too, just like a piece of old leather. Frank Merriell finally accomplished the so-called impossible the other day by pinning Helen Schickler. Neither Frank nor anybody else thought he could do it. I could make Helen real mad now if I were to tell you that she is the sister of the blond, beautiful and popular Louise Schickler who graduated from here last year and that Helen was following in her footsteps, so I won’t say anything like that. Instead, I’ll just say, “Congratulations.” Heard an amusing story about the draft the other day. The examining doctor asked one of the men what was the matter with his ears, and the embarrassed young man said that he had glued them back so they wouldn’t show so much. The doctor laughed and rejected him because of bad teeth. Sounds like a good idea for some people’s mouths, doesn’t it? Speaking of the army, did you know that they have eaten 1,300,000 dollars worth of beans so far this year? Boy, that’s what we call partaking of the fruit. And with that pleasant thought, we take our leave. Alpha Gamma Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of William Sumner, Owensville and Donald Brown, Battle Ground, and the pledging of Bruce Wells, Morgantown; George Duffy, Noblesville; Dale Butz, Albion; James Shoemaker, Zionsville; and Richard Kohls, Kentland.
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
-Padded — FIRST RUN NEWS
SHAVING MUG • TALC SHAVING LOTION • SOAP COLOGNE • DEODORANT From the clean Highland fragrance to the sturdy little {ug, SEAFORTH bears the unmistakable'' mark of a man’s oroduct. Its faint scent of heather It remlnitcent of the Country of the High* landers. Seoforth it the choico of particular men oil over the world. ONE DOLLAR EACH SETS • TWO TO SIX
TOILETRIES \
STREET FLOOR
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘Need any Christmas presents for any poor relations, Lady?’
Sigma Pi Distrid Meeting Convenes Here Tomorrow The second annual Sigma Pi district conclave will meet tomorrow, Saturday and Sunday at the local chapter house. Eight of the chapters from the middle west will be represented. Speakers for the meeting will be: Dean Fisher, “Fraternity-Faculty Relations;” C. A. Broecker, “Alumni Relations;” F. T. Nickels, “Rushing and Pledging;” C. N. Moellering, “Chapter Finance;” and W. R. Fall, “Chapter Mapagement.” d.w.o.
Dr. Mellon Receives Associate Editorship Dr. M. G. Mellon, of the chemistry department, last week was appointed associate editor of the Journal of the Optical Society of America. Mellon IS a member of the National Research Council’s committee on the chemical application of spectroscopy. His new duties will require him to assist the Journal’s expanded program for coverage in the field of applied spectroscopy. d,t.b.
fiEQIIBETllBIAS*WM.LUNDI6AN umniHTU
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
paran*®
unt
$G0t*
carro^^K
%
Ken Murray* Lillian Cornell • J. Carrol Naish
Brc
CARROLL * DlrBctBdhy Kurt Ntumann
Rose Hobart * Brenda ami Cobina * Betty McLaughlin and Featuring The Most Beautiful Girls In The World
ProduMd by I
HIT
MARS
TODAY - FRIDAY, P,r
TX
fijuAdwL £xfiotuint
Thumdoyi December 12, 1940
fiapi 3 ‘’SfioiAiA
hi
Squash, Wrestling Teams Perform Away
Matmen Journey To Chicago For Mid-Western AAU Meet
B]r Joseph Patrick Dolan I see by the national football rating that the Tennessee football aggregation has the best record for the past five years. The shots who rate football can write all they want to about the Tennessee Vols, but as for myself, I’ll take a team like Minnesota, Michigan, or Southern California, or even the Texas schools for my choice for No. 1 sport in rating. I -I-I-Sure, Tennessee has an impressive record of playing three straight seasons without suffering a scheduled game defeat, but look at the schedule: Mercer, Citadel, Vanderbilt and Clemson. Purdue’s warmup game next season is with Vanderbilt and Vanderbilt is looked upon by the Vols as a big rival for the title of Tennessee mastery. Nope, I’ll take the eleven that bumps the big stuff instead of the set-ups with a sprinkling of fairly potent opposition such as Alabama.
Squashmen Face Indianapolis, Chicago Tearns In Pair Of Battles Working out on the squash courts in the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon were the several members of the squash team who are preparing for a pair of meets which will be held this weekend. The first of these meets is to be held in Indianapolis against the Indianapolis Athletic club squash team ^tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock. The second of these meets will be held Saturday
afternoon in Chicago against the Lawson club. Win Two, Lose One
Intramural
Sports
~ Tonight at 7 o’clock in the Purdue Union (room 303), the “P” Men’s club of this University will meet to formulate plans for the “P” men’s dance and to add and subtract fronl the constitution of that organization. Ted (60-minute”) Axton is president of the “P” Men’s club and is energetic about advancing the standing of the club, which could be one of the most^ powerful organizations on the campus. Every man who has received a letter “P” for athletic services (player or manager) is an automatic member of this organization. —I-I— At other large schools like Notre Dame, Cornell, Northwestern and Ohio State, the letter club is one of
• Monkey People • Little Lord Leo
♦ Plum Hoff * Irene Ferrell
Barnum't Original "What U It7’‘
Ripley's
Pain-Proof Man
Nature's Strangest ^ Living Enigma
• Determinatidn Eddie ^
• Le-Due
Iron Tongua Marvel
• Hoppe
Ripley's Original Frog Boy
• Baby Betty
587 Pounds of Fat and Fun
^ Christine
The Girl with the Crocodile Hide
• MORE THAN A SCORE OF OTHER CARTOONED SUBJECTS
EARLY
ADULTS
CLIP THIS WHOLE AD
HOUR PRICE
1 p.m to 7 p.m. 15c
This Ad will admit 1 Lady
7pm to II p.m. 20c
FREE wijen prestnftd with
1A CENTS
CHILDREN
I Paid Adulf Admission.
IM TO ALL
10 CENTS ALL HOURS
7 io 11 P. M.
EXHIBIT OPEN DAILY 10 A.M. TILL II P.M. — 3 MORE DAYS— NOW SHOWING THURS. - FRI. - SAT. 216 MAIN STREET
Makbed lels, S3.95 and up. Pwn, $S.75 and up. PeocUs, SLODoiidep,
”Dnf-IVoeP' Dadt Sab for bofM or efke. S5.00 and ep.^
IE FINEST GIFT, as a iwle, is cosily— ' but not SHEAFFER'S LIFETIME. The finest pen the world affords is not an expensive gift. And it lasts, and is worn proudly, with the White Dot reminding the recipient of you every day for the rest of his life I FEATHERTOUCH Pen points and FINELINE Pencils make writing a pleasure! Where else can so much purchased for so little?
SheafferS TYPPITFR’*! JLii JCm JLiI JlIl
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
Accompanied by Chief Clevett, the team has made one trip by auto to Ohio where they played two meets. The first against the Springfield Squash plub was woli by a score of 6-0. The second meet against the racqueteers from the Wright Air Corps at Wright Field, Ohio, was lost by a margin of 4-1. Last Satur.^day the Culver squash team played the Boilermakers on their own courts. The result was a victory for the Riveter racqueteers by a score of 4-1. Men To Make Trip According to the ladder by which Cl^ief Clevett keeps as a rating of his men, the following men will make the trips this week-end: Jim Mann, captain, Dave MacMillan, Norman Goldstein, 0. Paul Smith, Bob Green, J. E. Pant and A. Hartley. w.h.h.
7 00 7 15 8 00 8 16 7 00 7 16 8 00 8 16 7 00 7 16 8 00 8.15 7 00 7 16 8 00 8 15
BASKETBALL Thursday, December 12 Court 1—H. Young Sigma Nu vs Phi Sigma Kappa Theta Tau vs Delta Chi Alpha Tau Omega vs Alpha Chi Eho Triangle vs Pi Kappa Phi. Court 2—H Shlefstein Sigma Alpha Mu vs Beta Sigma Psi Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Kappa Psi Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Phi Kappa Delta Upsilon vs Delta Tau Delta Court 3—"W B McAdams Acacia vs Phi Gamma Delta Tau Epsilon Phi vs Kappa Delta Rho Sigma Pi vs Phi Kappa Sigma Phi Delta Theta vs Kappa Sigma Court 4—R J McCarthy Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Lambda Chi Alpha vs Theta Chi Sigma Chi vs Pi Kappa Alpha Phi Kappa Tau Vs Alpha Gamma Rho '
the most (or is the most) powerful ^organization among the alumni because of the common interest that holds this organization together. This organization here at Purdue deteriorated to nothing until a few years ago when it was revived during the fall of ’37. Let’s go, managers and athletes, put the letter “P” where it belongs—power on the campus.
SQUASH Thursday, December 12 7 00 p m Court 1 Alpha Tau Omega vs Sigma Alpha Mu. 2 Sigma Chi vs Sigma Pi 3 Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa Alpha 8 00 p m 1 Triangle vs Pi Kappa Phi • Ward Swimming Meet* Today at 4 o’clock in the Fieldhouse the annual Riveter Interward Swimming meet will be held. Due to the absence of last year’s champions, Cary Hall, the competition is expected to be very keen. The winner of two years ago. Ward 9, is given a good chance to win, but no ward IS out of the running. Eight Events Entries into the meet will be taken at the pool up to the time the events are run off. Every individual entry is entitled to enter three events. Eight events are to be run in the course of the afternoon. To the victorious team members medals will be awarded. Coach Papenguth is also to officiate at the meet and see that the events are run off smoothly, e.m.l.
“Tell Him III Meet ,Him at the UNION CAFETERIA"
■
The Union Cafeteria— one of the biggest, best equipped cafeterias in Indiana. —Economical Too— Ik ^ JhsL fiwuiwL WsHnsfwDiL UniofL The Corner of the Campus—^ Yet the Center of Activities
Leaving the campus tomorrow afternoon at 1 o’clock, the Gold and Black wrestling team will travel to Chicago where they will oppose the outstanding matmen of the Mid-West in the annual AAU meet. According to Coach Claude Reeck, the meeting will be a two-day affair, with those eliminated tomorrow returning to Lafayette the same evening.
Easy On Eats
Due to the approaching meet practice last night was an abbreviated one. Much emphasis was placed on the importance of members making their weights. The remainder of the workout was given over to limbering up exercises and means of escaping from standard holds. Virtually all of the Big Nine schools will be entered in the meet, such teams as Indiana, last year’s winner, and Ohio State being the greatest threat to the Riveters. In addition, many non-conference, YMCA and amateur independent clubs are among the entries. Michigan State, Wheaton, Beloit, Armour Tech, Dubuque, Illinois Normal and Cornell College comprise a few of the unattached aggregations. However, since this is purely an amateur meeting, anyone who still maintains such a simon-pure status may enter. Co-captains John Papurca and Casey Fredericks will lead the varsity and will be accompanied by several promising freshmen. Coach Reeck stated that the frosh of this year are much more clever than any rhinie group he has yet seen here in the Boilermaker insti-
tution.
Champ Casey Casey Fredericks won first place in the 121 pound class last year and was also National AAU champion at that weight. Chuck Foster was ruuner-up in the 136 pound division in 1939 and hopes to repeat this year. The, kiveter team as a whole made a splendid showing in the meeting of a season ago when they took second place. Those making the trip are as follows: 1'21 pound class, Fredericks and McDonald; 128 pound class, M. Matanina; 136 pound class, Foster and Thatcher; 145 pound class, Papurca and Gregory; 156 pound class, Britt, Paratore and Belt; 165 pound class, Hlinka; 176 pound class, McCard; heavsrweight class, Ruggeri, Kline and Rossi. o.t.c.
Greek Keglers Renew Rivalry Today In Union Tonight at 6:30 o’clock the InterFratermty bowling tournament will be continued when the ten teams composing the “B” bracket renew hostilities. The Delts and Phi Delts are now leading the “A” bracket, with Beta Sigma Psi and the DU’s vieing for top honors in the “B” group. The complete standings and schedules are as follows;
Bracket A
Delta Tau Delta Phi Delta Theta Phi Kappa Sigma. Alpha Gamma Rho
Theta Chi
Tau Kappa Epsilon Phi Kappa Tau Pi Kappa Alpha Sigma Nu
Triangle
Bracket B , Beta Sigma Psi Delta Upsilon _ Alpha Tau Omega Phi Kappa Psi Beta Theta Pi
Acacia
Theta Xi „
Phi Sigma Kappa Phi Gamma Delta Alpha Sigma Phi HIGH TEAM SERIES Beta Sigma Psi
Delta Upsilon
HIGH INDIVIDUAL SERI Barnes, Delta Upsilon Gaik, Beta Sigma Psi. HIGH INDIVIDUAL GAM Barnes. Delta Upsilon „ Sample, Alpha Gamma Ilho._».
DECEMBER. l2
/ Bracket A—8:46 p. m. Pi Kapiia Alpha vs. Theta Chi. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Triangle vs. Phi Delta Theta. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Tan Delta Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Bracket B—6:80 p. m. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta Theta Phi. Acacia vs. Theta XL Phi Kappa Psi vs. Delta Upsilon. Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Beta Sigma Psu HIGH INDIVIDUAL AVERAGES
T’tl Puis Avg.
Barnes, Delta Upsilon Zuck, Phi Kappa Sigma Starek, Delta Upsilon Kendnck, Delta Tau Delta Gaik, Beta Sigma Psi Wagner, Phi Delta Theta. Ralston, Alpha Gamma Rho Lodge, Sigma Nu ■ McDaniel, Phi Delhi ^eta. Shimer, 'Theta Chi
W.
L.
16
2
15
3
14
4
11
7
8
10
7
11
6
12
5
13
4
14
4
14
17
1
14
4
13
5
10
8
9
9
7
11
7
11
6
12
5
13
2
16
2612
IS
2528
591
581 265
. 242
2691 2689 3093 3068 3040 3025 2983
2958 2973
172 172 171 169 168 168 165 IM 164 164
lends its fragrance to an exquisite new bath luxury EAU PARFUMlE
Y OU'LL adore the tingling exhilaration that Mats Oui Eau Parfumee lends to your bath. A few drops in the water and you emerge refreshed ..surrounded with the flirtqtious, provocative fragrance of Mats Oui. Use it as a body spray or rub The fragrance dings to you for hours—an added touch of carefree loveliness. 'Vtnta^ Owe EAU PARFUMiE In die some tempting fragrance: Mob 0«i Perfume* $125 to $10.00~TdaHn» 75e—Both JPowder# $1.25 Ll^oce Powder*$1.0GMloM9eaiMi L%»sticlt25eeo«^'
Toiletries
Stieet Floor
i iL, f tj/ ' l
4- ,
Thursday, December 12, 1940
fijuMtuA, $xpDnaidL
Batteries f-2, B-1, C'4 Receive Awards During Corps Day Mihtaiy department awards will be given today dm mg the corps day formation at 11 a. m. Members of Battery E, 2nd Purdue Field Artillery, which won the close order drill competition this year will be awarded medals and citations Members of Battery B, 1st PFA and Battery C, 4th PFA, which qualified second and thud, respectively, will leceive meiits. Awards vill also be made to the wmneis of the boxing tournament. Those who will receive gold medals / aie Vernon Singleton, T E. Daley, ' B L Phillips, J H Wilkins, G. Stauber, K Smock and Bill Weiss The following will receive silver medals August Enz, Byron Green, David Bmns, J R Haimon, Ralph Saylor, William Meyei and Bob Pqrsons. Bionze medals will be given to Fred Matthews, B N VanDuzor, Bill Hoskins and Carl Waldon, m.1.1 Staff Members To Attend National Chem Exposition Foui staff membeis of the chemistry depaitment will lepresent the University at the National Chemical Exposition at Chicago next week. The delegates are Professors G B Bachman, E F Degering, E T. McBee and H Hunt d t b ^
(Continued from page 1) Boilermakers Win
they failed to get close to the hoop for the majority of then tosses Feeble Offense Pioving then offensive inefficiency IS the fact that the Wayne cageis made only seven of 62 tries foi buckets Poor lebound work was an outstanding factor in keeping the Taitar percentage so low Bill Neutzel, Don Blemker and Ben Korschot were ve^ much in the game for the Riveters, adding a bit of sparkle to the winner’s attack By getting the rang^ on 19 out of 68 field goal attempts for an average of 27 per cent, the Riveters proved they are nearing mid-season foim in the scoring column The Boilermakers also connected on 12 of 15 chanty tosses “We Want Fifty” Riveter Polk brought satisfaction to the final second “we want fifty” cry of the crowd by sinking a free throw just before the closing gun for the half a hundred marker.
Summary PUEDUE Galvin, f Fields, f Sprowl, f Sumner, f Hoffman, f Igney, f Blanken, f Krampe, c Keutzel, c Korschot c Tierney g Weber c Conrad g Blemker, g Polk g Caress, g Adams, g Eiley g Totals WAYNE Kent, f Nunez, f Kingery, f Regan i Collins, f, J Van Vleck, f. Shultz c W Van Vleck, c Trevillian, g Myron, g Feldman g Roble, g Richards, g Totals
FG „ 0 0 - 6 8 0 5 1 1 3 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 1
FT 0 1 4 0 0 0 3 0 0 Q 0 0 2 0 1 0 0 1
FC FT 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 2 0
0 1 „ 2
Boilermaker Boxers Organize New Club Boxing as a campus activity has just taken a new step forward with the organization of the Purdue Boxing Association. This new club has already elected officers and will hold weekly meetings every Tuesday at 6 o’clock in the evening Any student wishing to join the club must work out for a week in the Fieldhouse before entering pledgeship Pledging will begin on December 17 Honorary Members At a recent meeting of the association, Dr L M Sears of the histoiy department, William Bodden and William Fletemeyer, University accountants, and “Doc” Miller were made honoraiy membeis. Also at this meeting the following officers were elected Joe Benna, president, Harry Michaels, vice president, John Threlfall, treasurer; Ed Miyamasu, secretary; John Fisher, pledge captain; and Jimmy Beers, publicity chairman p.b 1 Wesley Members Plan Christmas Party Tomorrow At the annual Wesley Foundation Christmas party, to be held tomorrow from 7.30 to 9:30 p. m., Santa Claus will distribute treats and receive the presents which are brought to the Foundation house Christmas games will include a “Filling the Christmas Stocking” relay and a snowball fight In closing the group will sing Christmas carols
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired All makes of portable typewriters, $29 76 to $69 59 Office supplies Mimeograph and multigraph work C F Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779 FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service Cars for all occasions Min $2 60 all night Phone 2407
Lost A United States Pharmacopoeia in room 205 of the Pharmacy Building Re ward Titus Phone 2602
19 12 13
SLIGHTLY USED PHONOGRAPH RECORDS LATEST POPULAR 1^^
TUNES
MIT ununiB iMi
WAA Fencing: All fenceta out for prao tice Friday, December 6, and Tuesday, December 10 Tournament matches will begin Friday, December 13, at 4'p. m. in Women’s gym. —McPARLAin). Indiana Student Health Association: The tenth annual meeting will be held December 14 at Indiana university in the Union Building Lunoheon reservations may be made before the 10th by calling Ruth G trvin, phone 8001. —IRVIN. Co-ed Riflery: No shooting Monday, December 9 or Wednesday, December 11. Shooting Tuesday and Thursday a8 usual Each co-ed is to have 5 practices by Thursday, December 12, for intramural competition —BLAGRAVE
Skull and Crescent: On Thursday, December 12, at 7 80 p m. the monthly reunion will be held in room 805 of the Union —LANIUS
PI A Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal schedule for next two weeks is as i(H2ows: Monday, December 2, 7 30 p m in room 807, Union. Wednesday, December 4, 7.80, room 807. Saturday, December 7, 2.00 p. m , in Union, Tower Monday, December 9, 7.80 p. m, room 807, Union Wednesday, December 11, 7 "80 p m, in room 807 Saturday, December 14, 2 00 p m in 807 It is extremely important that everybody attend —SMULEVrrz
Elementary Structures 22: Examination for the removal of C or I grades will be given December 14 from, 1-4 p m. in the Civil Building, room 301 Please contact me at once. —SONESON
GE 35: Examination for removal of C or I grades December 14 Make arrangements in room 109 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, December 13 —OWEN
All Students Moving picture on posture will be shown at 4 p m Thursday De cember 12, in the large lecture room of the Electiical Engineering Building —LT BAUM Purdue Rifle Club: Rifle range in the Fieldhouse wjll be open to students during the following hours Monday, 4-5 30 p m 7-9 p m , Tuesday, 8-5 p m Wednesday, 3-6 p m , 7-9 p m , Thursday 3-6 p m , 7-9 p m Friday 3-5 p m Saturday, 1-4 p m Range is reserved for matches only Club members are urged to Are as many practice targets as possible from now on as the first match will be fired January 11 —GRAUTEN
Thomas Say Entomology Society Meet ing Thursday December 12 in room 103 Agricultural Hall at 7 30 p m All mem bers please be present —RICHMAN
Buffalo Purdue Club All students from Buffalo and western New York meet in room 212 of the Union Thursday December 12 at 7 30 p m —BAUMAN
Lutheran Student Association * There will be a meeting ’Thursday, December 12, at 4 15 p m in room 802 of the Union Plans for a skating party will be discussed —MEZOFF
WSGA Independent Co-ed House Presidents and Representatives. There will be a meeting Thursday, December 12 at 7 p m in the WSGA office Miss Fraser will speak on recreation with emphasis on holiday parties and games All members are urged to attend —DOHERTY
Fortune Shoes
Notices
Tau Beta Pi Meeting Thursday December 12 at 4 p m in room 304 of Union Discussion of important plans Members expecting certificates and plaques must be present —MONTGOMERY
AIME Members. Meeting Thursday, December 12, in room 202 in Heavilon Hall at 7 30 p m There will be a sound color movie entitled ‘ The Making and Shaping of Steel ” —PHILLIPS
O DISTINCriQN
CE 61: A condition test for the removal of "C” grades in Highway Construction CE 61 will be given at 1 p m Saturday, December 14, in room 206 of Civil Building. —PETTY.
$4 vm
B & W Shoe Co. East Side of Square
EVERYTHING YOU DEMAND
is included in our Dry Cleaning Service. In addition we give you Genuine MONITE Moth-Proofing FREE. AR Wool Garments are moth-proofed by this process.
The Home of DATED SHIRTS Shirts laundered by us exclusively are Guaranteed to Last a Year
Crown Laundry r IMK CI.EAWKR6 OF FINE C LOTH E »
APhA: Business meeting Wednesday, December 18
postponed until —FULLER.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Remainder of pledges report at 7 p nq for pledge test in Room 261 in the Unioil, Thursday, De--cember 12 AH pledges report at meeting at 7 a m Friday morning. Cutlasses, with signatures, are due at 4 p m Friday No meeting on Thursday morning —BLACKWRLL Phi Lambda Upsilon: Pledges see bulletin board outside Dr Hunt’s office Pledges carry cigarettes Mpnger please note —AliBXANDRR Scrivener. It is imperative that faculty assignments be complete Friday, December 13 Also other assignments Report Saturday December 14, with lists and receipts —ALEXANDER.
Pi Tau Sigma Actives and pledges will meet in the Pi Tau Sigma reading room in the Mechanical Engineering building at 6 p m Thursday December 12 Banquet will follow at 6 30 p m in the Union —WIST
Cosmopolitan Clnb: Will hold weekly meeting at 4 80, Friday, December 18, in the West Faculty Lounge G B Enders will be the speaker Let’s have a big turnout before vacation I —SCHALLIOL
SCA SOA board will meet Tuesday, December 17, at 7 30 in SCA room of Union —BROWN.
Exponent Sophomores Sophomore edition Friday December 13 Everybody be there This ihcludes co-eds —HEIPLE
Christian Science Organization Regular weekly meeting Thursday, December 11, at 7 30 p m in room 302 Union —BURROUGHS
Cleveland Purdue Club • Meeting Monday, December 16 in Union room 808 at 8pm Everyone come Discqss Christmas dance —STEVENS
Virginia C. Meredith Club Meeting of all members Monday, December 16 at 4 p m in Home Economics auditorium —McCULLOCH
Glider Club. Meeting Friday December 13 gt 7 30 p m in room 366 of Union Motion pictures of gliding will be shown —KANE
Camera Club cember 12
No meeting Thursday De—GEPHART
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
Well Bred —trim and easy shoes Your new handsome FORTUNE for town and business wear this Fall have an air of elegance that reveals their origin as reproductions of custom-made shoes . . . Suave masculinity bespeaks their healthful, care-free comfort . . . Try on a pair today.
HRTEM
OiOW
AS SEEN IN neginoiSEiu A rtemis rayon satin sleepy-time Classic, artfully designed to bring out the best in your figure. Glowing colors...Petal or Heaven Blue, trimmed with Beige vol-type lace. SIZES 32 to 40 $1^9} efiaebs. LINGERIE SHOP
JimsJif. JtjdL Ultimatums For Christmas As we move into the pre-Christmas season the newspapers of the country seem to carry more and more of the dictators* threats to the democracies. In the short span of a week three major pltimatums of a sort have been sent to the American public, the speechees by Dr. Darre, Nazi minister of agriculture; Yosuke Matsuoka, Japan’s foreign minister, and now another by Herr Hitler himself. It is a strange thing that these should all strike the American public at the same time, at a time when financial aid is being given consideration by the government controllers of the purse strings. Another thing that has been bothering us for some time is the fact that we haven’t seen any pictures from Germany showing the damage done by the RAF. This can be viewed from two angles. Either the Germans are much more canny about letting the world know about their losses or else a strict British censorship refuses to let these pictures through to America. In any event we cannot judge with any degree of ficcuracy the effect of the British retaliations until we know what has happened in Berlin, Hamburg, etc. In any event the threat by the Japanese must be regarded as the voice of Hitler alone, since the message pointed out specifically that the Japanese would be acting in accord with their Axis treaty. Some serious thought should be given to the consideration of these moves both as actions to force our hand or to drive us into war, thus cutting down materially our aid to Britain.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK 4th & Haln St Phone 5701
CHRISTMAS CARDS Exclusive Lines SOUTHWORTH'S
Dr. A. M. IRION DEHTOT 119Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Hardware
• Jewelers
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
THE SHOE WITH THE ^ERpllL4j^ TREAD
^ERE’S the leisure shoe tbat^D walking a I hundred campuses this fall, and with good reason! Look at the trim clean lines, the molded one-piece wedge rubber sole and heel. Why . not step into a pair of Winthrop Rampa- > tan Airwedges t^ay and step to the front ^ of the style parade! You’ll be glad you did. W<alIin>P ShMf iS'SS M •8.8S.i-C«Iaiila| Cm4m fS to
hah HATAIi (Alrw^dgo) as seen in Esquire
KINNEY'S West Side of Square
ft
JL