' .y' 'i
(. f
AM
y
“• el / \
*'>^t J- I I Uf'
SDX to LEAD Best Teacher Discussion In Tower Room Today At 4
ALL-ENGINEERINO Banquet Will Feature Speech By W. A. Hanley
Ettabllshad 1889
Daily Sine# 1906
Volume 53, No. 169
West Lafayette, Irtdiana
Thursday, April 16, 1942
STUDENT SENATE ANNOUNCES NEW OFFICERS
Grad Vividly Describes Philippine Fighting In Letters Home To Family
By Walt Rafcrt
A vivid eye-witness account of the events taking place on the fighting front in the Philippines has'^bcen received in Kichinond by the parents of Lt. VeVnon Hobbs, Jr., who graduated from the University in 1940 as second ranking officer in the ROTC Corps. ^ Observations covering events on the Bataan front from Dec. 9 to Feb. 2 were contained in letters written by Lt. Hobbs during precious odd moments between marches and scrimmishes. Ilis comments include “on the spot” dcscrii)tions of Jap bombings, dog fights in the air, his living in the relentless heat of the jungles, the body-strewn paths, and his feelings upon watching'friends blasted from the earth by enemy guns. How the letters ever reached their destination remains the greatest mystery of the whole affair. Three letters arrived in air-mail envelopes with stamps uncancclled, another was marked “soldiei’’s mail” and “officers mail” but was unstamped, and on others Hobbs had written “as fai’ as possible” beneath the “via Air Mail” marking, or “or by submarine.” Stating that ho was the only man in the battalion who had paper on which to write his notes, Hobbs’ first letter contained descriptions of the. jungle-surround-ings mingled with accounts of the confusion caused by the opening attack when “the Japs came over and knew exactly what they wanted.” As the fighting continued the letters develop into brief sentences written at scattered intervals, as much as six weeks apart.
Excerpts from the ten letters follow: Dec. 9. “We were eating lunch when the first bombs hit I went up the road to quiet down some white antitank groups which had nervous fingers and were firing on our own aircraft My fox hole is very nice already. I have my bedding well in it, and it’s very comfortable, except for mosquitoes.” December 10. . . “A Jap bomber was shot down over to our right about 4,000 yards, and the crew of five baited out, Immediately they were filled with lead. All reached the ground dead . . . . ” Dec. 27 . . . “Just got word that most of Stotensburg went up in flames with all my worldly possessions. Sort of hard, losing everthing . . . . ” Jan. 5 ... “I don’t have time to write anymore. Just work, eat, sleep and stay on the ball .... Planes are so common, they arc not even scouted anymore. We know whose they are ...” Jan. G . . . “Yesterday a little town on the .^ca was bombed by dive bombers and set afire. I wont down with the padre to sec if I could help out . . . those left wei'e in pretty bad shape” . . . Feb. 12. . .“One of my best friends from Richmond, Va., George Hardy, was killed by bombs. Gee, I hate to see him go ... I have seen what deadly effect my own firing has had among the ranks of the attackers on the ground. They do not bury their dead except as an afterthought... Will you please tell the boys and girls I know it’s O.K. so far ... Tomorrow isn’t in our vocabulary.”
Brewer, Canfield^ Fingl, McKee, Moynohan, Nourse, Wiley, Woolery Selected For New Junior Positions
Sigma Delta Chi Will Sponsor "Good Teacher" Round Table
Discussion In Union Today
In the Student Senate elections yesterday Don Brewer EE ’44, Dorothy Canfield HE ’44, Ross McKee Ag ’44, Edward Fingl Ph and PE ’44, Roger Moynohan Civil and PSE ’44, Miller Nourse Ch and Met ’44, Barbara Wiley Sci ’44, and Phil Wooley Me ’44, were elected
to represent their schools in junior positions in the Student Senate for the corning semes-
ter.
Tliose who received sophomore positions on the Student Senate for the summer semester were Wally Cook Ag ’45, Bill Ducsterberg Ph and PE ’45, Kathleen Gannon He ’54, and Lloyd Hammcl Sci ’46. ’Ihe freshmen engineers will be rjyn’cscnted in the Student .Senate
Ray Pearl's Band Will Aid Spivak At Junior Prom
Charley Spivak and his orchestra will play for the Junior Prom to be held tomorrow evening from 9 to 12
during the forthcoming semester by p.m. in both ballrooms of the Unioin
W. A. Hanley To Speak Playshop Af Engineering Fete Does It
Military Honorary Picks Best Soldiers
In Annual Contest
Cadet First Sergeant S. N. Stevens and Cadet Pvt. First Class D. B. Bindsay placed first in sophomore and freshmen divisions respectively at the annual Best Soldiers contest, sponsored by Scabbard and Blade, national honorary military fratei’nity, it was announced yesterday. Stevens is a sophomore electrical engineering student from Grinnell, Iowa; Lindsay, a freshman engineering student, comes from Sarasota, Florida. Other Winners Named Other winners were Cadet Sergeant J. C. Aull, sophomore electrical engineering student from Indianapolis, Indiana, and Cadet First Class W. M. Ballard, freshman engineering student from Marion, Indiana, second place; and Cadet First Sergeant J. A. Gentles, sophomore mechanical engineering student from Webster Grove, Missouri, and Cadet Pvt. First Class R. S. Bair, engineering student from Indianapolis, Indiana, thii'd place. Winners will be awarded a medal. They were judged by members of Scabbard and Blade on discipline, conduct on.drill floor, attitude, soldierly appearance, bearing and knowledge in the school of the soldier.
Trustees Meet
In Quarterly Session Today
W. A. Hanley, a member of the University Board of Trustees and director of engineering at Eli Lilly and Company, will speak at the AllEngineering Banquet next Tuesday at 6 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union on the topic “The Problems Ahead .of Us.” A University Grad Hanley graduated from the Universit.v in 1911, where he was a Sigma Pi Epsilon, Tau Beta Pi, and ASME. Later he became national president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. He is sponsor of the Hanley Speech Contest presented every year on this campus. Instead of having the usual separate initiation dinners, the program of the All-Engineering Banquet will incoi'porate the introduction of the newly initiated members of Tau Beta Pi, Pi Tau Sigma, Phi Lambda Upsilon, Eta Kappa Nu and Chi Epsilon. New I’lan Will Save Money Not only will it be possible to save money under the new plan which can be spent in more useful ways in the national defense effort, but at the same time the banquet will serve to bring the students in the various engineering schools in closer contact. It was for this purpose that the All-Engineering dinner was first organized, and this further addition to the program will bo another step in that direction. As in the past .years, all of the distinguished engineering students of the last semester, the faculty members who belong to the engineering honoraries, the officers of the professional societies as well as meml)ers of Sigma Xi and Sigma Pi Sigma are invited to attend the dinner. Tickets arc on sale in the engineering offices and at the West Desk of the Union at 86 cents apiece until Saturday evening.
Again
Robert King, Thomas Spitler, Richard Welty and Judd Year who were elected to position last Saturday morning at engineering lectures. Voting yesterday was carried out in the West Reception room behind the West Desk in the Union and ballots were cast for representatives from'each of the schools on
the campus.
All of those elected will serve for the summer term only but they will be eligible for re-election at the close of the semester by a new Sen-
ate ruling.
Coed hours have been cut from the usual 5:30 a.m. to 3 a.m. for this year’s dance. Ray Pearl Is Other Band Ray Pearl and his orchestra will play in the new cafeteria during the dance. Pearl is a well known entertainer, dancer and singer and he comes here direct from the Madura Danceland and O’Henry’s Ballroom in Chicago. Spivak, “the man who plays the sweetest trumpet in the world,” will bring Garry Stevens and the Star
University trustees met yesterday and will continue their quarterly meeting today. Yestprday at 3 p. ni. they recessed to attend Dr. Charles Harding’s funeral and last night they had dinner at Cary Hall. Dr. Kathryn McHale, executive head of the AAUW in Washington, D. C., and the only woman memlier of the board of trustees, was called from the meeting ye.sterday l)y the critical illness of her mother in Logansport.
Xi Sigma Pi
. . . national forestry honorary, announces the initiation of the following men: L. W. Fix, L. L. Glasgow, 0. W. Lake, P. J. Meiners, M. C,. Myers and J. E. Phillii)s.
Debris Callout
Enotomology Sociefy Holds Annual Dinner
Thomas Say Entomology Society held its annual dinner meeting last Monday night in the Union. Main feature of the program was an address by Dr. A. C. Kinsey of the Indiana University zoology department on “Collecting Insects in Mexico.” J. W. Hart, president of the society, presided at the meeting which was attended by over 60 members, out of town guests and alumni.
All freshmen who are interested ill working for the Debris during the coming year will please report to the Debris Business Ollice on Monday, April 20. Plans for the year will be diacussed. Those who report will be allowed to register at 8:00 o’clock the first day of registration.
Verle Bogue
. . . will play for tl>c Union sponsored mixer next Saturday from 8:30 to 11:30 in the north ballroom of the Union. Admission will be the usual mixer price of $1.10.
By Ed Karpick and Dale Butz From the opening curtain to the final embrace, the capacity crowd that filled Eliza Fowler Hall for the second performance of “The Male Animal,” laughed uproariously at the comedy written by James Thurber and Elliott Nugent. The reaction of the crowd would seem to indicate that the Playshop would do well to confine their activities largely to vehicles of this nature where a slurred or missed line adds to the merriment and docs not intjoduce embarrassing dead spots. Wedge’s Entry Stirs Audience Betty Wedge, depicting the wife of the chairman of the board of tru.stees, stirred the audience to gales of laughter with her entry, and we do mean entry upon the .stage. She received able assistance from Ruth Dray, as Cleota the maid, who gave out with her swing version of “Daddy.” Interwoven with the problem of Communi.sm on the Midwest faculty was one of the most elaborate triangles ever to grace the American stage. It is a credit to the authors and to the actors that portrayed the principals in this little mix up that the details of the plot never got out of hand. Rising Plays “Casper” I’arl Well Perhaps the Dean of a university is intended to be conservative, but Vernon Rising portraying Dean Fi ederick Damon bent over backwards at times to make his dean a campus Casper Milquetoast. To contrast with this characterization Harold Warren as Ed Keller, the iron handed chairman of the board of trustees, blustered about the stage tiying to assert his authority on all who cared to listen. Barbara Nord turned in a line performance as the slightly bewildered wife of the college professor who stood up for his rights to teach his classes as he saw fit in (he face of stiff oppostion from the board of trustees. She flitted to and from from the football hero of the past to hei- intellectual spouse who knew all about women from the poems he had read. Ann Creates More Couiplications William Simpson as “Whirling” Joe Ferguson, the All Time All American, and renowned heart breaker, was the number three man in this love triangle but lost his battle at the final curtain. Ann Ostrander continued to gain poise on the stage and managed to create a secondary triangle all her own. Ernest Nordlinger, the “fiery” college editor, and Dale Duffin the star halfback battled for the hand of the fair Ann. In the end brains won over brawn. It was a good night for brains , everything being considered.
Dusters with him. Stevens has been
All candidates had to have fifty Spivak’s band only a short signatures from mcmber.s of their ^ut he has already proven his
singing ability. Although he started
own class and school before petitions could be entered.
their
Senior Officers March In Last Corps Day Today
Cadets of the First Brigade, University ROTC, will march before their senior officers today at 11 a. m. in their last review of the school year. Climaxing four years of ROTC work this review will be “Gradu-
his musical career as a trumpet player, Garry has put away his trumpet for good and devotes all his time to vocals. He attended UCLA, but he left school to join an orchestra. Queen’s Court Named Queen for a iiig|it will be Bobby Gleason with her court, which is made up of Dotty Sieb, Jeanette Haynes, Jane Burkholder, Jeanne Moses, Kay Webber and Virginia Fox. Dick Ball, Prom chairman, his date, Mary Louise Douglas, Frosty Sprowl, and the Queen, Bobby Gleason, will lead the
Awarding of the Good Teacher Medallion will be partly decided by the discussion to be held this afternoon at 4:15 in the tower room of the Union by Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic fraternity. The meeting will be in the form of a round table discussion. All students and faculty members are invited to the forum, and will be given a chance to present their opinions, and to argue the pros and cons of the question “What constitutes a ‘Good Teacher?’” Attendance of the meeting will not be taken. Informal Discussion The discussion will be informal and both students and instructors will be given equal chances to express their opinions. A similar forum held by Sigma Delta Chi four years ago was characterized by the domination of the faculty member’s viewpoints. This year, however, the discussion will be centered about the attributes of a good tpacher rather than campus pedagogical personalities. SDX Officers 'I’o Preside The officers of Sigma Delta Chi will preside at the meeting and will lead the discussion on the following issues: (1) a good teacher’s attitude and interest in a student’s personal problems; (2) a good teacher’s views on class cutting; (3) a good teacher’s attitude on types of tests (reasoning tests, formulae tests, memory tests, etc.) he should give; (4) a good teacher’s idea of what the educational process should consist; and (5) the experience and educational training of a good teacher. Recommendations of and petitions for the recipient of the Medallion may still be turned in at the Exponent office or to John Traugott, president of SDX.
Local Vocal
Instructor Sings Aida
ation Review” for the senior Cadet ^t 10:30. Following
them will be Prom committee men
and their dates.
Officers of the First Brigade. The seniors of the Second Brigade had their “Graduation Review,” Tuesday
at a similar Corps Day.
Juniors Take Command 'I'oday Today’s review is the regular Corps Day of the First Brigade and
only those students in this brigade ,
will participate. The senior Cadet was one of the most Officers will march the Brigade to soughtafter free ance trumpeters m Russell Field from the Armory and the country. He played in the orches, then turn over their commands to Brothers, Ray
the Junior Cadet Officers and report
to the reviewing stand.
Science Honorary Will Hold Initiation
After the grand inarch there will be a reception for guests, prom committee members and their dates in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. Spivak Played In Big-Name Bands Before Spivak formed his own or-
Next Saturday
Noble, Jack 'feagarden, the Ford Symphony, Artie Shaw, Kate Smith Fred Waring. He has played in
Visitors are advised that parking orchestra with Glenn Mill-
space will lie available to those en tering the field Iiy cither Third or Fourth Streets prior to 11 a. m.
Dean Stratton States 'Counselor' Qualities AtAWSTalkYesterday
or. Bob Crofeby and Sheets Herford. Acting on a suggestion' of Glenn Miller, Spivak took the chances that a band leader accepts and started out on his own. Organized in 1940, his orchestra has skyrocketed up to fame just as Miller’s band did. Crowning glory of Charley’s success was his recent engagement to play for the Harvester Moon Ball on August 27 in Madison Square Garden.
Dean Dorothy Stratton spoke yesterday afternoon at 4:00 to prospective counselors in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Dean Stratton spoke on the requirements of counselling sti'essiiig the idea that counselors should ludp freshmen over first days of homesickness, regimentation, and frustration. Counselors Jidi “With new rushing rules counselors shoidd lie on tlie job for a whole senu'ider; counselors should make the freshmen satisfied with the University,” Dean Stratton said. She added that counselors should get more fi'om counselling than the freshmen. At the close of Dean Stratton’s talk, Mary Ellen David gave a short discussion on the organization of counselors.
Inspection Of ROTC Unit Continues
Kenneth Baker
graduate of the EE school and
Toilay and tomorrow, the annual coips are inspection of the University ROTC uidt will be continued, the inspection having started yesterday. Regular army officers who will inspect the Corps arc Colonel John R. Starkey, Lieutenant Colonel Williabi H. Cureton and Lieutenant Colonel Wdliani B. Weston. The purpose of the inspection is to select institutions which are to have “excellent” ratings for the coming
year.
Board Visits Regular Classes The inspection board will visit regular classes of the military dejiartmcnt during the inspection days and thus determine the average level oSIinstruction being given
Sigma Xi, national honorary for the promotion of research in pure and applied science, will hold its annual initiation in the Faculty Lounge of the Union next Saturday at 4 p. m. Membership, awarded to those making original reseai'ch contributions in any branch of science, engineering, or agriculture, will be given to one alumnus member, 62 active members, 30 graduate associates and 16 undergraduate associates. Dinner Follows Initiation Associate membership is awarded on the basis of promise in research ability. Initiation will be followed at 6:00 by the annual Sigma Xi dinner which is open to all members and their guests, the initiates and their guests. Tickets for the dinner which will be held in the South ballroom may be purchased from Prof. DeVries of the Chemistry department for eighty-five cents. The last in this season’s series of lectures sponsored by Sigma Xi will be held Saturday evening at 7:30 in the lectui’e room of Stanley Coulter Hall when Dr. K. K. Chen, director of PJuii macologic Research for Eli Lilly and Company, will speak on “Some Recent Studies on Alkaloids.” The meeting is open to the public.
By Bill Fawcett Changing in a few hours from a music teacher to a member of the chorus of the Metropolitan Opera Company is no small task, but Miss Vassie Darnell, part-time student in the University and West Lafayette vocal instructor, very capably accomplished this. Having gone to Bloomington Monday to attend the Metropolitan’s presentation of “Aida” in the Indiana University auditorium, Miss Darnell discovered several of her old acquaintances who are in the chorus. Long Associated With Opera Miss Darnell had been associated with the operatic profession for 25 years until her recent retirement here in order to devote her full time to teaching. When her friends suggested that she sing with them in the performance, the love,/ of the footlights and the smell of grease paint were too powerful for her to resist. And “Aida” is not unfamiliar to Miss Darnell, either; she modestly estimates that she has sung the opera at least 160 times during her career. Of the 250 persons in the troupe, there were few strangor toMiss Darnell, who has sung some 200 operas during her years on the stage. Born in Frankfort, Kentucky, Miss Darnell received her education, in Newport and Covington, Kentucky, near Cincinnati. Her first vocal instruction came at the age of twelve. She studied in Boston for a year and a half and then returned to Cincinnati when she was eighteen. Knows Famous Singers The greater portion of her years of seivice were spent with the Chicago Opera Company and with the Ravinia Opera Company at nearby Lake Forrest, 111. Ravina at the time was the favorite summer stand of most of the Metropolitan soloists, and it was here that Miss Dam^ made many of her friendships. Among the more famous stairs who have appeared at Ravinia are Mhrtinelli, Bentonelli, Madame GalHCurci, Lottie Lehmann, Kirsten Flagstad, and Gladys Swarthout, and Miss Darnell numbers each of these among her friends. Substitute For Bori One of the interesting experiences which the singer recalls is the time she substituted for Madame Bori after she was supposed to have been killed in the “Love of Three Kings.” When Miss Darnell took her place on the bier, she felt faint and had an intense desire to get up, byt was unable to do so. When the curtain rose, this feeling vanished, but She remembers this as one of the very few times when she has had stage fright. A veiy charming woman. Miss Darnell does not appear to have so many years of experience behind her. She now devotes all her time to voice instruction, to which she has looked forward during her entire ca-
Gold Peppers List
Seabury To Speak At ASCE Meeting
Scholarship Basis
a member of Theta Chi fraternity, in such subjects as administration, has received his commission as cap- aerial photograph reading, military tain in the United States Army Air fundamentals, gunnery, history, moCorps and was ordered to Drew tors, tactics, communications, reconField, Florida. naissance, topography and drill.
George T. Seabury, secretary of the American Society of Civil Engineers will speak tomorrow at the annual joint banquet of the University and Rose Polytechnic student chapters of the Indiana section of the society. The banquet will be held at 6 p.m. ill the Union. Practicing engineers in the state are expected to attend the banquet. Mr. Seabury has served as secre tary of the Society since 1925. As a represchtative of the society, he has played a very prominent part in engineering activities in Washington and other parts of the country in connection with the war emergency.
Gold Pepper and Panhellenic scholarship requirements for applicants have been decided. Any junior or senior coed may apply, and seniors may use the scholarship for graduate work. Junior women must have an accumulative index of 4, and senior women must have one of 4J5. Applicants will be judged on the following qualifications: scholarship* traiiimg, service, need and personality. , Mary Ellen Scarff, president ^ Gold Peppers, urges that all thosa interested apply. AppUcotimui should be addressed to Betty Griek* and turned in at the west dosk of the Union by April 21.V "'f iA' ■■■
V ''
Vv
'kk'r^ ■'"' #\
lVi!ge2
Exponent Editorial And Feature Page
Thursday, April 16, 1942
Purdue Exponent All-American 1940-'41
Offices Editorial and Business, Piirdiic Memofilii Unioi^ Phone 4005 5ports, Fie1^house,''Phbne 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 537?
Editor la Chief Edi% Mankgine Editor IRhnjitrer Circalution Mamgcr Coed Editor
* John r Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong \t ilhnm D Millard Ken K GJemre Alice Ciiotficld
Publication Staff Associate Editors editdnal Btalf K B vinklo D J B it? W G Hoskins A P ituntcr D W Och Itrec W E Rafert gports Stair D 1 Bievci ^ S Dasbon E L Karpick R W KricRcr Ched Stair Sails Beall Charlotte Hass Joan JUiuer Dons 1 icl r Business Staff Coed Business Manager Julia Mart n Advertising Managers J M Wright D L Johnson CirculdtioA ^ahhger C H Klouman Accounts Manager Trena Torrenga Junior Coed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keim
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Bosoinkle Sports Editor Brewer Day Editor Hass Stooge Butz Reporters R cl ardso F rl Thoi i o Wilber Davis
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafoy lettc Indiana under the det of Compress of March 3 1879 and at tiie special rate of postage provided for in act of October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and T^eekly during the summer Session Deli>ered locally by car Tier for $3 50 per year mail subscriptions $4 00 Kepresented for national advertising by National Adverts mg 'Service Inc CoHeg" P ibhshers Representatnes 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
Good Teacher Discussion This afternoon at 4 15 in the tower room of the Union students and instiuctoxs will meet to discuss the question “What constitutes a good teachei It IS om belief that lound table discussions such as this afternoon’s can go fai in piomotmg better co-operation and mutual understanding betvieen students and the men who have to “work on and with th&m every way Four years ago an extensive editorial campaign w as cai ried out by the Exponent to find out “What IS wrong with teaching at Purdue*^” The campaign created a great amount -of rnterest rn the University’s teacher-tech-nique, and both the student body and faculty showed avid inteiest m the question and contfibuted many good intelligent and practicable suggestions foi improving studentteacher relations The discussion foium which will be conducted thib afternoon was one of the plans suggested to impiove these relations Among the othei ideas and suggestions collected through the campaign were the following set up a good teaching commission which would he composed of “good” teachers and interested students, start experimental classes to test new methods of material presentation, establish a more flexible curricula, especially m the enginnermg school, recognize good teaching qualities entirely separate from leseafeh and writing ability, and give more tests that emphasize reasoning power rather than memoi y A few of the suggestions made during this campaign such as, seminar courses in advanced subjects, and the presenting of an outline of the entire course to the student at the beginning of the teim have been adopted by the inoie piogiessive depai tments and schools in the Uni\eisit:y Purdue is still ciowded with antiquated, ‘httle-ied-school house’ teaching methods In stiuctois still persist m lulling their classes to sleep with dull, textbook lectuies on the Subject material of their couises The idea that college men are too intelligent to want then couises “spoon fed’ to them is wrong Teachers who spend time in developing a pleasant classioom technique and in piactic ing teaching dei ices to keep their students inteiested nevei ha\e to lesoit to chalk throwing 01 desk pounding to keep the class awake We still ha\ e a long v ay to go here at Pui due befoie we can hit upon good, healthy student teachei lelations Some problems —veiv odious to students in geneial and to some tacultj-men—such as the honesty sjs tern, class cutting and pioduction line’ lecture couises must be sohed d t b The Ratio
3.93 ... to 1
Back again Thought you d gotten iid o| ub at last didn t you’ Jus ha\in a little spiing vacation be loie Iceland J hat pinning of Saltj Saxton s is iiding soita lough tl esc da5b Sig Ken Oerraid ^^on t gne up and comes oNci to see Gerre O Neil on Sundaj moms and most i y othei time the Ihin Man isn t aiound How Loat that’ Satuidaj ni„lit the Bla/ei h id a flooi show in the pel'•on ol one Shirl Muiphi Ihe little one swiped a top hat off the laek and went into a Charley MeCar thj act that had the whole place loaiing Rav Higgins f-’iould hue Muiph loi legulu we kend enteitain me it He suie can sujij ly it Mhlle inei town tin oil ei dai lool iiig loi a nice 1) aek tie with black slripfs to go with oui new go\ ^jijpent plajbuit, we oieiUaid a \oing ladj \er) tqnidly ^bking the eleil what siz( men pajamas ypuld fit her' She got about tlie gaudiest pan in the psidon us—efetablibhment and is now pioudlj displaywg them ovei at ‘ ^oon ( astle Said young lady happeiib to be Peggi^ Hart—Iheta glamoi lid
QUmsiMipN. MERIIT-40-IKM By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Government' Sleuths Probe Leaks In Market tnfbrifiafibn Prom Production Agencies WASHINGTON Apiil 15 —Goveinment sleuths aie piobing a senes of mysteiious leaks of impoitant mai ket information from key wai agencies On seveial occasions lecently certain Wall Stieet tmdels have obtained advance tips on impoitant moves to be made by the Wai Pioduction Board the Office of Price Administiation and the Agncnltuie tie pai tment In one instance cotton biokeis got wind of an Ag iiculture parity puce announcement 45 minutes be fore it was made public This announcement was sup posed to be absolutely seciet until publication The maiket opeiatois not only learned about it but used the infoimation foi piivate piofit The WPB oidei banning all non essential build ilrg construction also was tipped off m advance to certain membeis of the building tiade So, too, was the OPA s action imposing a price ceiling on fats and oils and allowing an increase in wool prices Word regarding this more leaked out two days befoie the order was issued Undei suspicion foi these leaks arc certain dollar a year men who while not directly Connected with these matteis were in a position to leain about them and to tip off business friends • Isolationist Pow-Wow On the day that Gen Douglas MaeAithur was ap pointed supieme commandei ot the embattled South west Pacific two veiv inteiesting secret meetings took pi ice in Chicago The fiist was held in the private office of Col Rob cit McCoimick publishci of the labidly isolationist Chicago Tribune Piesent in addition to MeCoimick weie 1 IS cousin Capt Joseph Medill Patteison pub hshei oi the New Yoik Drily Ne vs and Col Chailes Lindbeigh The three men w ere closeted together for see eial houis They then went to the Chicago Club where they were joined by Gen Robert Mood tormci head ot the America Fust Committee now a high officer in the Chicago office ot U S Army Oidnance The foul men discussed the wai situation pi ins ic latin^ to this years eiueiil congiessional election Wendell Willkie uid Lindbei ^h s futine plans Seveial weeks later he got a job with Heniy Foul Note While keeping out of the limelight in the list few months Washinf,ton s isolatio ist ...eneialissimos meet frequently loi sti ite.,vpow wows Then last get togethei was at the Massachusetts Avenue mansion of Mis Alice Long worth • Guinea Pig Gas Ration It hasn t been announced yet but the St ite ot Maine probably will be used as a uinei pig to test the la tiomng of gasoline Fi ink Banc of the Office oi Pi ice Administration re cently conferred yy ith the Maine Congressional delcga tion and subsequently sent a proposal to Augusta for approval of the Governor and Executive Coined The proposal would set up gas rationing m Mrine on May 1 one month eailiei than in other eastern states to lion the wiinl les out of the system Maine was chosen as the cUniea pig because of its isolated position It is the only state which has only one other state contiguous to it—New Hampshire Ihus the problem of bootleggin^ across state boundai res can be more easily handled—especially since most of the traffic betvyeen New Hampshire and Marne foi lows a single highyvay U S Route 1 which-crosses the hue at Portsmouth N H toKitteiy Me lietroleUm Coot din itoi lekes sard last week that card rationing might be avoided by cutting down deliveries to seiviee stations But the I'liee Ad mmi'^tration is proeeediiit, with piepaiations foi 1 atioiiing Note Maine hopes to pieveit collapse of it tu meiidous touiist business by getti i„ rn illowai ce of 100 gillons lor each tourist comin^ into the State But the pi oblem of tiies lemrins unsolved • Nevadans Bunker One blustei y w inter i i„ht uO y cars a^o a sm dl boy stood \ ith his paieits and nine brothers and sisltis in i faimyaid near Li A^’ega Ne\ ida hea tbiolen w itehm„ then ho ire o up in flame Beileley Bunl ei \yas five yens old the 1 ut the tl rgie scene is is vivid to him rs if it had hippcned yesteiday Afi the 1 rmily h id to its n ii t dtei the 11 t smoldenng embei s expiied was a pic.no — om how saved liom the file—and ifivedolla bill in Mis Bill ei s jiocl etbook It tool coin rge tr p 11 th oif.,1 in cxjeiitnee I e that but m Nevrdi tlie Bunleis aic noted for then eouiage Thrtwn-why Ney rda nci,,hbois wcien I u pi ised when y oun., Bel 1 eley now a United State ‘•'Cn atoi tool the flooi lastweel rnd gave RI C C hai m n Jesse Jones the most seathiiif, tongue 1 ishm^ ol his lon^, i liter I he Iiumair ( ommiltee had ilso dtnounted (he wai eontiact whith Jones gave to Basic Vlagnes nun Int Blit the 15 ytai old Buirkei a menrbci ot the Sen ite toi iboiit one y eai was the hist man in (he thambti w ho daied openly t ingle w itlr Jtsst Jones who next to the Biesident is the most pow tilul min nr 'Washington 7 hoiuh an did nown looku to the eountiy at Inge Bunl ei IS hi hly esteemed by hiseolleigut He i one ot the haidest woil in mti on Cipitol Hill He pe sonally du^ up most ot the sensation d evidence on the Bine Magnesium eontiact He has m idc only i tew speeches but when he does 1 dve the flooi the ben ite sits ip uui piys atteiitien In population Nevidi the ‘-nnllest state in the Union but it has a li^ voice on Capitol Hill in serappy Beikeley Bunl ti Note Dc eply i< li^ious Bunker was i Mormon bish op \,'hile ser vrng tin ee ter ms in tlie Nev ida ICois'atiue • Mail Bag J H I Asbuiy Bilk New liisej—Re polls liom seveial souiees apiieri to eoidiim the inellieii nt u e ol Aimy tiiiels A 5 to r Aiirry tiiiek fieauently i u ed to eai y a jiael age that the di ive i could jiiit on tlie eat be i le him I ive and ten ton tuieks sometimes are used toi a couple of sael s ol mad which could be cai 1 led 111 a motoi cycle sideeai G L Los Angeles Cal —Admiial Kimmel is still on the payroll drawing letiiedpay according to his rank Ihe charges brought against him have not affected his status in this respect (Copyright 1942 by United 1 eatuie byndierte Ine )
grim m Mkk Ir
ByMtv
iversity Calendar
Thursday/ April 16
3 00 PM—Screen Review 6 00 PM—Scrivener Club Banquet 6 00 I’M—Giammai, punctuation, spelling tests 6 00 PM —Wesley Foundation Banquet 6 30 P M —Indiana Section—Am Society Student Engineers Banquet 7 30 PM—Graduate Dames Stifch and Sew 7 30 P M —Civil Air Patrol 7 30 PM—P I A Chorus 7 30 P M —Christian Student Fellowship
Ilall of Music Rooms 332 334, Union Room 101 Educ Bldg South Ballroom, Uniori Rooms 365 363, Union Room 263, tJnion Room 303, Union Tower, Union Room 307, Union
THE SHOPS
OIM2 Ch caffo Tlmea IflcN*. Rck U S Pat Off A1
“I yvant you to decide foi yourself about this insurancedrop back about three paces and let you think it over ’’ Bollinger Speaks Annual Personnel
-rn
At Foundation
Conference To Heet
Spring Banquet Here On May 15,16
Hiohlight of tht Wesley Founda tion Banquet to be held this eve ling at b 30 in the South balliooii of the Union will be a trik by Rev H D Bollinger Lxeeiitive Secie taiv of the Bond of Lducition
Methodist Chiu eh
Student Pastoi I oi 9 Yens Rev Bolluigei was student p i toi of the 'Wesley I oundatiou it the Ui ivei ity toi nine yen an] hi to))ic V ill be Between Lour Hinds the Limp Lnth Lies He will also tell ol hfs expciienees while 1 cic 1 nteit linn c it fo the lanquet will 1 leludc Rol^ito ITcincnde/ m IS t by Noci Lee and a yoeal "olo b Bol Wood P ml Eel lei vmU ict
IS tc rstm istii
Tickets for the b inquel may be ol tamed trim tin office of the Foundation toi 70 cents eitlni be tore the dinner or some time todry Prof. Walker To Serve As Major InU.S.Army Plot GilbeitP Walker member of the agncultunl department rnd at the present time en,,aged in ag lonomy research vvoil on the Um veifaitys experimental Inms will report tor relive duty yv ith the U S Aimy on Apiil 20 Iloldin,, i com mission as mrjoi in the intantiy Of ficeis Resciye Coips 'Wallci will assume his dities it loiL Ki ox
Kentuel y
Prof Wall ei gi idiirted tion tl c University in 1916 and tollovm his giaduation he enlisted toi eighteen months service ii World Wai I At the conclusion ol his seiv lees he was eonimi sioned i second lieutenant ai d he li is atlri n 1 the laiik ot major thiough ic eive ot heel training Will Cl has been ^i rntiil iii in definite le ivc ol ibsei cc 1 om hi duties here in oidei that he m ly tn tei ret ve duty A f Ohl i e il uate issist lilt will eriiv (n Wall ei s leseaieh \ oil n 1 i lei
M inagemcnt s Responsibility in the All Out War Effort will be the theme ot the annual Peisonnal Con fcience it the Univeisity May 15 rnd 16 W I Voglei diiectoi of pel sonnel in engineering rnd sei ener ehools announced today Inclustiirl leaders of Indian i and other states will tyl e part nr the p o.,! im which lb being aiiangcd by W F Voglei in coi per rtion yy ith the strtc personnel employers and m rnutactuieis associations State Ch imbc ofOommciee Indi in i Em ployment Sciyiec and Indiana Uni
V eisity
”uipo e Of (onleienee The puipose of the eonleience is to biin^ out jn relieal insyvcis to such questions rs How can em ployces be tinned more quickly’ How can vvoiiicii be fitted into in dustiy ’ Where can qualifi<'d em ploy ces be found ’ What is cs bcntial in supeivisor attitudes’ and W’hat is the inswe ito sabo
tage’
Speakeis Booked Piincipal speakcis ilieady booked are L A Appley vice president of the Viek Chemic il Co and consult int on pel sonnel for the secietaiy ot yvn W iltii Dietz associate ch lector of tr nnin,., yvithin industry for the U S Employment Seem ity D vision it Indi in rpol s Russell J Gieenly etm chief of pci sonnel ioi the C u neg e Ilh nois Steel Go J ul 'Walteis foi niei per oni el diiectoi of the Um veisilv uid vice pie ident ot the Re tie Ccppci V Bliss Co tapt K F Kline in chir,.,e ct pi uit pio teetion woik toi Indian i uulustiies rnd Plot C W Beese herd ot gen ei il ei to 1 eer n at the Unive siLy riid cliuetoi ot the engineeiiiito tie fci sc tl ail ing piOtoi rm m the sL iLe
HELD OVER! Moved lo llu 1 \r\^i ri] ioi 5 Molt Days
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE-
Sinngc-t Adventure That Ever Swept Across I he Screen' DISPATCH FROM REUTERS with CDV/ G PD31»''''ON EDNA BEST EDDIE ALBEPT PLUS
tne year you / must not miss' It took $2,000,000 and two years to bnngall its thrills to the screen!
11'' Coc to Prison to Gel i Story and Enos Up in ’’ Straight jacket' BROADWAY B5G SHOT with RALPH BYRD RALPH BP’D VIRGINIA HALE COMING — I The Parade of the Pink Elephants in^ WALT DISNEY S DUMBO
TODAY - FRI - SAT ummm
I with Judy McCuilouqh | illillllllIlilllllllillilllllllllllllllllUllllllllllllllllltllllllllll!Illilllilllllllfll(lllllillliilllllllllllll>lll»lllllllllll>lllll»»>? SOMETHING NEW ’S BEEN ADDED . . . to tlio FOSTER SHOP lecoid dcpai tment, and tins time it’s a In and new clas<fieal and swing leeoid colleetion—^ELllE lecoi dings featming two hit paiade numbeis on one dise at a meie thnty-seven penee pci (lecoid F Conies fitst a Duke Daly liep special — / Dont Want 7 o Walk Without You with (xloiia King on tlic vocal Rcveise it and you liave Joe Maine singing and swinging Were I he Couple In The Castle Bunny Bciigan and his oiclicslia Iieat out a mean ihvtlim foi toich siiigei, Kay [ ittlc, and the tune is Sonic body Else h Taking My Placf T’otlici side fealuies vocalist Dannj Ricliaids in rn nilciestiiip leliain Me and My Mihnda — My Melinda
and Ml '
THi' TIME HAS LOME . v rnd (JTjEEN Cll\ is picjiued' Tlie slick sc ison is upon us, and Quiin City lias on disjil ly i Ireiutilul and vai led an ly oi these^ ^ainienls A season il inno yation in the lemmine tionsci line is the jeep Suit, styled much like mens covei alls in blue and white Ol f,iccn uid white sliijicd denim aid piieed it one doll u ninety ciphl cents, two ninety eipht and thiec ninety ci^ht Olhci stylos inthide two piece slick suits in gdraidine and i lyons oi lust, gieen, hei.^e Irlue, incl blown riicse puces i mge iiom niile dollkis ind ninety cip,ht cents to loin fifty Sluk^ done aie pi iced liom two twenty live to ioui ninety cipht DO \OlIK BIT I OR NATIONAL DEFEN'^L and 111 1|) youi cll to comloit Iry consei y in,., the n ition s siqiplv of sdk Hid 1 ivon and \vc uuip cool uidcoloilid new ankle socks A1 i( idy thcic is a notice ihic st. luily ol silk and nvlon liosici V, and i umoi Ir is it that one e the jiicseiit supply IS c\h luslc d the ic w ill lie no nioic so now is the time j&y invest youi wealtli in anklet" Soulhiiot ih s offers Wj two well known In incls (tokIou and Phoenix liosP H 111 dl colois sizes uni dc sc i iptions — ind at icdueod ' puces, too' \\ by not stock iijr on youi supply^ The selection inc lucks a mesh and iilrlred style terry eloth soeks plain iihln cl and fancy topped styles in 11 ainhow of colois, seveial shades oftoieen, led pink Irlue yellow giey, wine, aqua and otheis Subscribe To Your Campus Daily
TODAY FRI SAT
LUNA
HE MAY BE CRAZY..« but he knows a beautiful woman when he sees one! Do^ir STREET LIONEL ATWILL r UNA MERKEL 'C Nat Pendleton Claire Dodd
2 FIRST RUN HITS TWO-GUN TROUBLE Comes to tovkn!
MEET A ONE-MAN ARMY!
Mm
WIMMEN? He tames em' CROOKS? He flays cm' SCOUNDRELS? He maims errr*
■A'cR./ripjiiynVjjjcYiirSjfrltK'' ' IR'lAN ' DONLEVY i' WILLIAM - HOLDEN > , ’ ^LLEN DREW ''p 6 RTE R "'iiiii:,
TODM - FRIIIill
' It***
'”4 f
e ’ ffi?
pvetSr Ciifdtir Men Ml For Illinois Meet
Coach Hermon Phillips spotlighted time trials and medley relay races yesterday afternoon m Ross-Ade stidium as he pre-
pared the Boilermaker track team for its quadrangular meet Thursday/ April 16, 1942
ajb Champaign Saturday with Iowa, Illinois, and Northwestern
Iowa’s FaMnot Threatens
The Riveter cinder mentor, faced with the foimidable Iowa and II lijiois tiack aggregations, which aie slated to fight it out for the meet honors Lee Phimer, Iowa ath Ifetfe has been given good odds to win IP the IfiO anjl 220 yard dashes, t, arid the Wriip» the three\events he Will epteliji Sind piMii runners are e3£i>e^tsd itp pile fip the points in se((Eon,d airud thud pidce positions 5Jes|)fetd@-y‘S tipie trials and relay land? -pi 4he poijermaftei camp re suited- in fj^uiy gopd tunes, accoi'd
Purdul^ Exponent ..SPORTS
♦ ♦ Pagu 3
Davis Cup Member
Wifi Direct Tennis Draice Pelaya Loom
CliHk FNre MdHdlV
Scheduled as the fiist m a «eiies of SIX tennis clinics to be held ovei the state, Coach Lau y LaBree’s tenpis instruction clinic will be staged
mg jto- epaph Phillips, however in the Fieldhouse next Monday night
stjlopg tvirids hampered the varsity at 7 30
apd frosh runneis as they worked Open to the general public with opt Yearling cinder aspiiants out charge, the dimes aije sponsored paced the Veteian squad members ^y the Buieau of Healih and Phy ip thpi various races Sical Education, in coopeiation with Will Try Foi; Points United States Lawn Tennis As
Lack of reserve stiength an the sociation oyal, apd a decided shortage of _ , . „
pqwer m field events place the Boil ^’^sLsh Stars Here
etjnakers at a disadvantage in Sat tennis drnic will be in chaige urday’p quadrangulai contest at II Chailes U Haie, member of the linoisi Wi<;h shot and discus events Biitish Davis Cup team, who bdng Piarn Gold and Black hurdles '^'‘1 demonsti ate apd discuss the va tq tyack supremacy, Coach Phillips stiokes and also direct exhi is-expected to gun for cinder points l^'tion play on two indoor couits in
which two Boilei maker varsity ten nis aces will be used Theie is a pos sibility that Haie may be accompan led here by Mary Haidwick foimei
English Wightman Cup stai
Pi 101 to the demonstiation theie will be a special showing of a mo tion pictuie, Fundapientals of Ten nis featuiing Don Budge inteina
tionally known couit stai
Othei climes m the state will be held at Kokomo on Tuesday Ball State Wednesday DePauv Thurs day Indiana State Piiday and In
diana Satuiday
in the looming meet
Sdhedtttes
f6Tfowini2: fraternities \Vill play base ball Thursday ^vcnint at 4 15 Biamon I Alphtf^Sigma Phi vs Phi Sigma Kniipa 1 pj Kappa Alpha vs Li mbda Chi Alpha 2 Achcia vs Sigma Alpha M i 3 Si^mh^ Nil VS Sigma Alpha Epsilon 4 Beta Iheta P vi> phi Kappa r Kappa Sigma, vs Tau Kappa Epsilon ( Ward 27 vs Ward 33 7 Ward 24 vs Wai 1 ^ 8 Waid 3b vs Wai I 32 ) Waid 28 vs Wa d 10 The following fraternities v 11 j lay cl s B doubles tennis Th rsdav cv n i j, at 4
Cou t
Theta Tau vs Beta Theta P 18 Triangle vs S gma Chi 1) Sitma Alpha M i vs Dclt Ui s lo 20 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Ac iciu 1 Alpha Chi Rh v Pi Kappa Ph 2 Alpha Gamma Rh v PI i Delt Tl ta "’i Sigma Nu vs Alpha i i i OmeL 24 The following fritcin ties will pHy tliss B doubles tenn s Ihuisday even nu t
C t
Kappa Delta Rho vs S gma Phi 1 p ilo 1 Phi Kapi i la v Si^m Alj h Fp Ion 2 Delta Tau D Iti s K pi a S Lnui 3 Tau Kappa Li s Ion vs Theta Cl i 4
Sigma Delta Psi tests m the 100 jaid dash and the 120 yard low huidles will be held this aftei noon at 4pm in Ross Adt stadium —PHILLIPS
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-—PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
The Boilermakers have accepted an invitation to entei a team in a special spring nredlqy relay lace to be held in connection with the an nualVDip-kq Relays, to be held at Des Moines Iowa, the 24th and 25th of tfus ptionthi T-he -sprint medley which Coach Phillips has been woik mg on out at Ross Ade stadium staits with two 220 yard dashes, con tinues With a quaitei-mile leg, and finishes with eithci a half or thiee
qriartei mile anchoi leg
ki>‘A
F^ur Entered
Combining all of the thiills of distance and dash laces, the medley shoqld he interesting enough Other teams invited to compete in the spring medley include Michigan Texas, and Michigan State Phillips will also place entries in the one mile lelay and piobably in the distance medley, and piobably several other events Afifhody Heads list Heading the spiing fouisomh in the special race will be Capt Paul Anthony, quaiter, Williahi Banckei 220, Bill Gaulke oi Robeit Keim 220 and A1 Jentsch, anchor half mile Hoosier AAll llere Algo of interest to cindei fans tlj^e annual Indiana A A U tiack and field championships will be held in Ross Ade stadium Satuiday April 25, the same day as the Drake lelays The entry list is expected to be swelled by a number of fieshmen fiom Hoosiei colleges and uni versi,ties vho wfil compete unattached ^dppke At Wisconsin With Bob Zuppke, foimei Illinois head giid coach slated as the piin qipal discussion leadei, the Fifth Annual Univeisity of Wisconsin Foot ball Chific scheduled for May 1 2 is expected to receive a laige tuin out Zuppke s many years at the helm of the Illini football machine make him a gieat diawing caid to high school and college coaches in the
sport
MevCr Won A Letter The Badgei squad now hndeigoing a full workout peiiod along with the rest of the Western Confeience teams will demonstiate Zuppkees T foimation and defensive tactics talks incidentally Zuppke an un deigiaduate at Wisconsin was nevei able to win a lettei due to hils small statuie but despite this fact he went on to be known as one of the best students of football in the country Crisler Worries Up at Michigan, Coach Fiitz Ciislei is woiiying as all coaches worry about his 1942 football squad lack of leseive stiength ind a weak foiwaid wall are said to be giving the Wolveiine mentox consideiable tiouble the giaduation of All American fullback Bob Westfall will leave a decided gap m Crisler s backfield too, but sports fans will still bet that the Wolverines will come back with a potential Big Ten giidiion thieat next year despite the meanings
DEB
A Huge Stock of ALL WOOL Double Breasted TUXEDOS $27-50 ACCESSORIES
SHIRTS TIE SETS CUFF LINKS KEY CHAINS
TIES COLLARS STUD SETS CUMMERBUNDS
Roger's Men's Wear
East Side Square
It has a regular
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main St Lafayette
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Grid Huskies Await Spring Football Game Featuring a rough rind tumble tussle between two teams picked fiom the Boilei maker sprrng varsrty sljuad yesterday’s spring grrdirOn practice continued to condition Coach Elmer Burnham’s fall football prospects for his 1942 cam
paign
With Coach Burnham in South Bend, Mel Taube took the helm and directed a lengthy sciimmage be tween the “leds” and “whites,” le suiting in a 7 6 score, the red squad leading Backfield Changes Backfield combinations continued to shift the Gold and Blache coaching staff still expel imenting with vaiious lineups foi offensive powei Yestei day’s winning combination consisted of Smock and Meakim at half positions, Strahm, full back, and Cycenas, quarter The whites' offensive backfield was made up of Anderson at quarter, Berkley and Huiile at halfbacks, and Bachman at fullback Spring football practice will con tinue through the warm Aveeks of Apjil untn the last of the month and up to the final week of school when the intra squad game will be staged No definite date is available but it will be played sometime duiing Gala Week University Club "fo Meet Monday University Club will hold its spiing party next Monday evening in the Union This wfll be the last paity of the University Club this season and a large gioup is expected to attend Theie will be budge in the West Faculty Lounge beginning at 8 30, and there will be dancing from 9 30 to 11 30 in the South Ballioom Re fieshments will be served in the Chestnut Room Dming intei mission the nommat ing committee’s report for officeis for the yeai 1942 43 will be made and new officeis will be elected
Fehring's Nine lIUs IflvasfiNi
Bfttting practice highlighted yesterday’s ^vorkou^ Dutch Fehrihg’s diamond squad Dutch has not been pleased by the batting performances of the Riveters in^tiie two games played so faf this week, and he ffeels^that of hard work in the batting cages may sharpen the
eyes for the Illini invasion this weekend
Hard Hitters Wanted .
Several positions in the starting lineup depend on the outcome of these drills Dutch figures that a haid hitting lineup is necessary in the Illinois senes, because of the way that the Suckers massacred the Hoosiers last weekend, 13-0 Last season the Boilei makeis
Wisconsin Entois Poughkoepsie Race Madison, Wis , April 16—Wfscon-
sphrthe~seLes played'at "lUinoiV, rowing crew out to ^pbut this yeai a practically new team ® annual Poughkeepsie shell will face the invaders Only three probably the biggest and
men fiom last yeai’s team aie left
to play in the Illinois senes Walter ^ty race According to Coach Allan
Leifheit will probably take the mound in the series openei Harry McFenen midget second sackei
will play in the infield with Ernie siowTd
Young a tiansplanted catcher at
thud
The rest of the probable lineup
Walz of the Badger crews, Ijri has more raw material at his disposal this spiing thrin has been prevalent on Lake Mendota in recent years
Cancellation of Wisconsin’s spinng vacation robbed Walz of the regular week used for many miles of row-
includes the Buighaidt brothers, mg woikouts, and the weather man
George and Bill at first and shoit
lespectively, Walt Smith behind the operating with the Badger outdoor plate, and outfielders Cail Hipp, Bob schedule Kersey, and Duffy Friend If any present the 1942 Wiscorism of the othei rr^en on the squad show varsity is far from being a tightly up well in the next two days then -welded unit The mam difficulty is a last minute shift is very likely that the Badgers are starting their Chuck Schillei is the Illinois hui 1 jgg (jiive before they have their oars er that applied the whiteAvash biush fiimly placed in water, and as a reto the Hoosiers last Satuiday He suit their run has been cut consfder-
was touched for a total of six hits and allowed only three men to get as fai as thud base A loose Indi ana defense enabled the Suckers to get their 13 runs on only seven
hits j
Boilei makei fans will get anoth er chance to see an outstanding pei foimei in anothei spoit in action The lush had Beinie Cummins an All American football guard be hind the plate and the Illini will haA e Andy Phillip, Big Ten Basket ball Guard, in center field Phillip went hitless agapist the Hoosieis but turned in a couple of ciicus
catches in the outfield
Intramural Potpourri
Suits Cleaned and Pressed Finest Quality Alteration JOE'S TAILOR SHOP Chauncey and State Streets
49c
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
For a Beautiful and Appropriate Fdrsaqe Select (Ine at CLARK H&RISTS
Baseball . . ^ Caiy Hall, lushed to the limit Avith a heaAy spring athletic program as Avell as a scholastic standard, can celled its annual spring baseball competition recently The recent Hall action opened the fields of heavier competition in othei IM sports as well as assisting the tie up caused by Apiil rams Horseshoes . . . Also dropped fiom intramural athletics was the planned for inter fiateinity hoiseshoe tournament at present fraternities have been awarded paiticipation points for house tbuinaments but no plans have yet been laid foi the mass tournament according to the I M
depaitment
Tennis Doubles . . . Doubles in fiateinity Cl.?ss B ten nis competition staits today with Class A doubles competition AAaiting
to entei its second lound With one Heniy Cook lound awaj, 13 teams have been Haiiison W
eliminated fiom the oiigmal 27 en
tiants
ably Long lows, in a hoped for quiet water and warm weather, will be necessary to round the crew into final shape foi the Poughkeepsie classic Vacancies Occur In Ordnance Classes Several vacancies still en^ for both men and women in the new classes for junioi ordnance inspectors which opened at the University this AA eek Successful applicants will be hiied through civil service examinations as ordnance inspectors for the Wai Department and will be given tAvelve weeks’ additional train-
ing
Qualifications
The positions paying 120 dollars a month at the start, are available to any American citizen between 18 and 54 years of age who has had one yeai of engineering training or two years in an accredited univer-
sity
Anyone inteiested and qualified should apply immediately to Daniel D Schimmelpfennig at the Lafayette blanch of the United States Employment Seiwice office, 312 North
Fourth Street
^tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitttiintifiiiiiiiifiiiiii^ I Dr. A. M. Irion | I — DENTIST — i S 119 Vi Northwestern Avo =
1 Phone 4965
Defense Trainees Complete Course
Sixteen men and women have been aAAaided ceitificates for the completion of the couise in engmeermg diawing offered by the University defense tiammg piogoam under the auspices of the United States effiee
of education
Those leceivmg eeitificates aie
Bonnie Boyd, Lloyd Wehr Chester Mau
pin Gene A Meiley Elvin McMm des Robeit Quinn H Ramsey, Oi pha Huffman Mai lan Small, Charles Spencei Olivei Foxwoithy John Kiefei Beinaid Haughn and D F
Vandeibm
This couise is one of the group ot night classes AAhich began in Jan
= iiai y and is ending Applications f)0:|]
^lllllllllllllllllllllllliilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllflllllllliF '^lasses are being leceivedriQW
527 Main St.
Phone 8451
1 . Hand woven Soft Leather Tops 2. Shock-proof Rubber Sport Bottoms Here s o wealth of coo! comfort and clever style at o go-like-Hot Tamales price Worn With Pride by Millions
X-RAY FITTINGS
A. B. C. Shoe Co.^ Itk.
406 .Main Sr.liaiihews, Schuck
Placement For Wnmen
Meeting Today
Dean Maiy L. Matthews of the School of Home Economics, and Dr. Cecelia Schuck, professor of nutrition, will participate in the district nuh’ition meeting sponsored by the Indiana State Nutrition Council today from 1:30 to 4:00 p. in. in the Elks Home Lodge at Greencastle. Dean Matthews will discuss “Local Organizations for Nutrition’’ and Dr. Schuck will talk on the planning of nutrition courses. Nutritional Organization Stressed Civilian defense chairmen attending the meeting will hear discussions on the im))ortancc of organizing now for better nutrition and on organization of a well-rounded nutrition program. Topics will include “Nutrition Education in Schools,’’ given by Miss Hortense Hurst, home economics supervisor of the State Department of Education at Indianapolis, and “Use of Surplus Commodities” discussed by Frdnk VVoods, area supervisor of Agricultural Marketing Administration of Indianapolis. Presiding otTicer of the meeting will be Mrs. Ivan Ruark, chairman of the nutrition committee of the Putnam County Civilian Defense Council at Greencastle. Miss Estelle Nesbitt, nutrition consultant of the Indiana State Board of Health and a member of the Indiana State Nutrition Council of Indianapolis, will be the program chairman. Counties represented at the meeting will be Clay, Clinton, Fountain, Boone, Parke, Hendricks, Vermillion, Tippecanoe, Vigo, Owen, Warren, Morgan, Monroe, and Montgomery.
Placement Services for Women has announced that credit courses in shorthand and typing may be offered during the summer semester. It is planned that a student who satisfactorily completes the 12week courses in typing and shorthand will receive nine hours credit. The course may bp taken in addition to three regular hours of Work. The fees for stenographic coui’ses will be approximately $31.00. Applications must be turned in at the Placement Service for Women office by tomorrow. Indianapolis Methodist Hospital offers training in X-ray technic to students who have completed at least two years of college with work in physics and chemistry. The course is one year in length. No compensation is offered in either salary or maintenance, but there is no tuition. Students interested should call the Placement Service for Women (2955) for further in-
formation.
George W. Bailey, Chairman, Radio Section, National Kc.scarch Council, 2101 Constitution Avenue, Washington, D,C., states that there is immediate need for one hundred women trained for rescai'ch in physics. There will undoubtedly be a need for a thousand more in the near future. There is a tremendous need for women with courses in the fundamentals of radio. Women are needed for work in connection with radio locator in research laboratories and in the development and installation of radio communication
facilities.
CIVIL SERVICE The U. S. Civil .Service Commission announces an examination for Junior Chemist ($2,000 a year). Requirements include a college degree with' 30 hours of chemistry. Anyone interested should write im-
Mathematks Dept To Send Members
To Meeting
Classified Ads
A.I.Ch.Ii:.; Meeting to nominate oiticevs nt 4 Pirn. Thursday, April 16, In roomvHOZ
of thtt Chum nnd Mnf. hiiilrlino-j
of the Chem and Met building.'
KRAYBILL
Tau Beta PI : Eleelioh of oiliders Wednesday. April 22, nt 7:30 p.m. in the East Reeoption Lounge of the Union. Refreshments will be'served. —-MUNGER
Student Union Vicc-Prest , Short boUrd meeting will be held nt 4 p.ln. Ih Uplori olfice tod^iy; —-DEUSTER
Scrivener Pledges: Meet 4n Rdorri 303 of the Union at 6 p.m. April 16; Thursday. • —ORAV ■
University department of mathematics will send fifteen staff meriibers to Chicago tomorrow to attend the 388th meeting of the American Mathematical Society which will be held at the University of Chicago tomorrow and Saturday. The meeting will be directed by Prof. W- L. Ayres of the University mathematics department. Professors H. F, S. Jonah, M. S. Wcb.ster, H. K. Hughes, G. T. Miller and Dr. J. W. T. Youngs arc the faculty members who will attend the mcet-
Typcwritcra—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Scrivener Actives: Initiation followed by banquet will be held in Union Thursday, April 15, at 5 p.m. Phone Marion Howard or Ellen Searight at 2907 for reservations. No banuuet fee for actives. —DRAY
T. K. A.: All activos and pledges meet in Rdom 304 in Union for initiation at 4 p.m. Thursday, April 16. Ban<!uet follows at 6 p.m. —PICHA
Suphoitiorc Military Students: All sophomores whose names appear on the. list; of those accepted tor the advance course must sign contracts in the main office of the Armory prior to April 2B. —RIORDAN
Met Engineering 153: An examination tor the removal of C grades will be given on April 17 at 3 p.m, in room 110 of the Cherti. arid Met. building. —EGKBL
Lost: On campus, April 5, 1942. Gold pocket watch, snap cover. Reward. Cull 8421. D. .1. Be.st.
Zouaves: Meeting Friday, April 17 at 4 P.m. in room 102 of the Armory. —GRAF
. Lost: Cary Club pin. Two diamonds, one sapphire. Call 2424. Bob Youkey.
Eta Kappa Nu: Actives and pledges ■— Rough initiation will be held Thursday, April 16 at 7 :30 p.m. in EE Building. —WILLIAMS
Radio Amateurs: Radio club picnic-meet-ing and election of oificers will be held Tuesday, April 21. All interested in amateur radio are invited. There will be a 10 cent charge for non-members. Members are invited free. Meet at EE building at 5:30 p.m. —MILES
Purdue Plajfcrs: Annual picnic to be held Tuesday, April 22. Reservations are to, bfe in at Playshop by Saturday noon, April 18. All members of cast and crew of'this year’s Playshop productions are invited to attend. ' '—^DUKE
S.'C. A. Board: Important meeting Tuesday. April 21 at "i :30 p.m. In the S. C. A. Room. Attendance is essential. Any. S. C. A. member who is also interested is. invited to attend. , , —MOGAVF^O
Lost: Ilelbros wrist watch in men's room. Union basement. Finder please call 36153. Forrest Day. Reward.
ing.
Notices
Two groups will make up the tomorrow morning .se.ssion. They are mathematical analysis, and geometry and the theory of numbers. Prof, Jonah will speak on “Congruencies Connected with the Solution of a Certain Diophantine Equation” in connection with the second group.
CalhoHc Slmlciitn: A number o’f stiidenla fire wanted for the Catholic summer camp. Those intoxTsted call 2501. —BROCH
Glider Cliih.: r»u-clini; postponed until Thursday, Ai>ril 10. Election of officers will be held at this meeting. —CASSEE
Military CN)dt* Inntruction: Bicn who qiialilied at 0-w-p-m or belter and desire a certilicalo to that elTect should contact Lt. Burkhart in instructors Room of Armory, i —BURKHART
Personnel Notes
Commonwealth & Southern Corp., Jackson, Mich.—-Juniors for summer work. Sign in Personnel Office before Friday, Aiii il 17. George Pollock Co., Sacramento, Cialif.—CE, ME EE for work on a ship-building contract. Sign in Personnel Office before Friday, April
17. . .. A
t Carborundum Company. Niagara Falls, N. Y,—Students for summer work in the Production Departiftent. Sign in Personnel Office before Friday, April 17. Also ME seniors for
permanent positions.
U. S. Navy Yard, New York, N. Y.—EE’s for Junior Radio Engi-
Town GirT.^ (’liih: Picnic Satunlay, April 25, at Nh) )L ni. in Happy Hollow. Meet in West Enculry jKmnj'o before starting. Please .sign up at west ilesk in Union by Moaday, April 20. Bring 20 cents for food wheiF you sigh up. ' --GRAVES
Military Banquet Cummittce: Meeting Thunsday. April l(i, at 4 p.m. in room 200 of the Armory. - APRIL
-Glider Club: Important meeting at 7:00 p.m. 'rhursday. Apidl 10. in room JTO-l of the Union. Election of officers will lie helil. —GREGORY
All Sludcnls: Sludrnls wljo exT)0(‘t to change from one school wilhin the Univer.sity to anotlier at the cud of the prc.sont semester are advist'd to obtain the necessary blanks at once from the Registrar’s oftice. ' -vSTONE
Ag Ed Society: Ag. Ed Society will liold. its last meeting of this semester Thursday. April U). at 7 :Ji0 p.m. in room 003 of the Union.-. Officers for next semester will be elected. —STULTS
YW(!A: Cabinet meeting in YWCA ofOce Thursday evemrig at 7. —PETERSON
Scenes flom Kipling’s “Jungle Book” the technicolor screen success which was moved to the Lafay- ' ette Thtfhtre for three more days.
mediately to U. S. Civil Service Sign in Personnel Office by
Women's Honorary To Present Carnival
Saturday Evening
Annual WAA Penny carnival, sponsored by Sportswomen, coed athletic hbnoraiy, Avill be held Saturday evening in the Memorial Gymnasium from 7 to 11. Part of the proceqds of the carnival will be given to war relief. Decorations, booths and conce.ssion stands will carry out the carnival theme. The booths, sponsored by sororities and residence halls, will be judged on cleverness, originality, and profits, arid a prize will be awarded to the best booth. Tumbling Club To Perform The program will consist of an act by the Tumbling Club at 8, performances by Triton, women’s swimming honorary, at 8:30 and 8:45, and ballroom and square dancing from 9 to 11. The first swimming performance will be given by a group of girls in a floating ballet and the second will be an exhibition l)j' Betty Harrison and Marion PriceJ The carnival is open to everyone and tickets may be purchased at the door. Refreshments will be served.
iCommission, Washington, D. C. U. S. Civil Service Commission announces training for student nurses. Applications must be on file at Washington, D. C., not later than
May 13, 1942.
U. S. Civil Service Commission announces an examination for Junior Stenographer ($,1440 a year) and Junior Typist ($1,200 a year). > U. S. Civil Service Commission offers training for Junior InspectorTrainee, Ordnance Material, at $1,440 a year. To qualify, women must have had two years of college work, including one year of mathematics and one year of chemistry or one
year of physics.
U. S. Civil Service announces examinations for Junior Professional Assistant ($2,000 a year) in the fields of public administration, business analysis, economics, home economics, library science, mathematics, as well as for positions as chemists, engineers, physicists, and
technologists.
Friday, April 17. Douglas Aircraft, Santa Monica, Calif.-—ME interested in aircraft industry on the west coast. Sign in Personnel Office before Thursday, April 16. P. K. Mallory Co., Indianapolis, Ind.—ME and EE. Sign in Personnel Office by noon Friday, April 17. Roots-Connersville Blower Corp., Connersville, Indiana. Coming April 21. Wants M.E. May and -August graduates. Sign in Personnel Office by 3 p.m. Monday, April. 20. Electro-Motive Division of General Motors, LaGrange, 111. M.E. (for Process and Engine work), E.E. (for test work). Sign in Personnel Office by 3 p.m. Monday, April 20.
WAA: Anyone intorested in class baseball siirn up on the bulletin in the i^ynn and come to class callout Morulay, Aiiril 20 at 4 p.m. -BAUGHMAN
Men StudentsThose init*rested in living in a student coopei’iilive liouse this sum-' mer call HtlS. - CAR.LSON
Pi, Tau Siifinn: Ini'ormal initiation at Theta Xi hou^e Thursday, April 10, at 7:30 p.m. All pledjres. must be present. Actives, especially juniors, are urjxed to attend. —CAFFEE
Gold Pepper Plcdue.s: Gompul.sory meetintr Thurstlay, April 10, in room 305 of the Union at 4 p.m. ' —SCARFF
Sifrma Delta Chi: Meeting Friday afternoon, A])ril IT, at 4:15 p.m. in room 303 of the Union. Election of olFicers, best teacher, etc. —TRAUGOTT
Military Banquet Committee: Meethur Thursday, April 16, at 4 p.m. in room 205 of the Armory. — GRAF
Sophomore Military . Students: All soplioJTiores whose names appear on the list of those accepted for the Advance Course must sign, contracts in the main olTice of the Armory prior to April 25. --RIORDAN
Keep Your Glothes a Business Asset—
Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly
No mailer how imieh ediiealiou you have, your arc “out of iuisiiiess eireulalion” until some one hires you. So inakc your personal appearanee a business asset hy Iiaving your clothes Crown Cleaned regularly.
Soiitliworlh’s
Gould Shows Films On Rare Insects
Daily Health Service Report
C. C. Hale, Ch. ’42, entered the Home Hospital for surgical treatment and w'as released. H. G. Leevy, PE ’44, and Marjorie Libbert, HE ’46, entered St. Elizabeth Hospital for treatment. Miss Libbert has been released. J. A. Benna, PE ’12, arid M. R. Ferrer, ME ’43, entered St. Elizabeth for treatment. Benna has been released. Katherine BrUck, Sci. ’45, was admitted to WRH infirmary and subsequently released. Margaret Warren, Sci. ’42; B. M. Kuck, EE ’44, and G. E. Rich, Eng. ’15, are home for treatment. Marilyn Fifield, Sci. ’13; R. Modesitt, Ag. ’42; D. G. Robinson, Eng. ’46; Arline Loesche, Sci. ’44; Garris Theobald, HE ’45; G. T. Curran, G. ’42; Rita Hill, ME ’43; J. F. Stombaugh, PE ’44; H. D. Studabaker, Eng. ’45, and Sue VanDeren, HE ’43, have been released from hospitals.
Horticultural Society held its last regular meeting of the semester in the, assembly room of the Horticultural building last night. The meeting featured G. E. Gould of the entomology department, who showed pictures on flower insects and rare insects of odd shape.s, forms and coloiks. AH pictures were concerned with insects found in this community. Gould is president of the Lafayette Movie Club, a local amateur motion picture photographers’ organization.
GOOD PRINTING
PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Less Money
Kane's Print Shop
401 S. 29th St.
Get Your
SLIDE RULE
Our
Supply Lasts!
E mu S iiUPI'LE SIIIKE
308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Soulhworlh’s
' . , . I, Srown Lau^rry
Top of the Hill
April 15, 1942
Dear Students:
Faculty Members
. . . will take part in the pi qgi ani of the Indiana branch of the Society of American Bacteriologists to be held next Saturday at the University of Notre Dame. Those from the Univer.sity scheduled to appear on the )nogiam are Drs. C. L. Porter, S. E. Haitsell, J. L. Roberts, and H. C. Munay. Dr. P. A. Tetrault of the biology department is secretary of the state branch.
Alpha Lambda Delta
. . . national fieshman honorary society, announce.s the election of the following officei'.s: Mai tha Lee Riggs, presideiit; Betty Aith> vice president; Ruth Foi'd, secretary; Faye Tyler, treasurei’; and Katherine Howe.s, historian.
We have made suJiseribiiig to the EXPONENT a-
All you liave to do is fill out the eoupoii, kee|3 the reeiept, and send the rest to us in the envelope provided.
EXPONENT
The EXPONENT this year went throug.h its most trying financial period since 1918-19. Eirst it was the new press, its cost, -installation and maintenance. Then it was increased costs and priorities on paper and supplies. And finally a request by the University to publish on the regular schedule while it was financially expedient to publish only throe days a week. ”
All students, seniors included, have an opportunity to help maintain the EXPONENT on the campus by subscribing to its summer edition.
Seniors can have "their paper sent to them at homo, at work, or in the service. Undergraduates that, are not going to be here this■summer will find the EXPONENT an efficient way of keeping up with the University. Even those; in school, can send one homo to their parents—it’s much easier thau writing.
Seniors can send in their coupon, but keep the receipt. Undergraduates can subscribe at the West Desk or down in the EXPONENT office after 4:00.
Oh, yes, the rates
Si.50 May to Septembor mail )1.25 May 'to September local
Don't put it off until next woek-™subscribe today!
Sincerely yours,
louman
AS!
t. Giro, Mgr,
GHK/KKG
.r
ii’ ■ ft
t.