M
IS
. \ *//J^ fs'\ ' ^ / / '{,
J'-’ > ?J A'C' Sj k?, TV'" 'i
k4l
Priiiceton'$ War Views, Page 2
Z-1tS
Founded In 1889
x/nx^^iem m Daily Since 1906
Varsity Trimt Resenret, 6-3
Volume 52, No. 164
West Lcrfoyette, Indiana
nnmday, April 24, 1941
Nazi Victory Certain Without U S Entry, Say Yanks In Britain Immediate Declaration Of War Would Turn Tide By William H. Stoneman SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, April 23.—Highly competent American experts, who are intimately acquainted with the situation both at home and in Europe and who are fully qualified by their intelligence and long experience to judge the broader aspects of the present crisis, are now agreed that immediate participation of the United States in the war is a matter of desperate urgency. These experts cannot be quoted, for obvious reasons, but in the opinion of this correspondent, their conclusions are of such importance that they -should be immediately available to the American public. These people are neither “proBritish” nor “interventionist” in the ordinary sense of these expressions. If they are interventionist now, it is because they have examined the situation in the manner of so many doctors and have just happened to make that diagnosis. Their conclusions are; 1. They feel that the situation is exremely serious and is bqjind to become more serious unless a miracle occurs. They regard an outright German victory as a distinct possibility in the course of the next few months, unless Britain is reinforced in a very important way. IVazis Regard U. S. as Foe 2. They are as certain as they are of their own names that Germany regards us as one of its principal enemies and is prepared to carry through its threat to deal with us in due time. They also think that Germany might do a very good job of dealing with us if the United States, alone, faced the Reich. 3. They believe that an immediate declaration of war would still have a good possibility of turning the tide, first, in the battle of the Atlantic, and very soon afterward m other war- theaters. Even the promise of all-out American assistance would allow the British to employ their manpower in a freer manner. Students Eat War Rations, At Sacrifidai luncheon Approximately thirty students attended the sacrificial meal and seminar sponsored by the Peace Committee of the Purdue Religious Council yesterday noon at the University Presbyterian Church. The meal, which was similar to the war rations now being served in Europe, consisted of bean soup and whole wheat bread. Proceeds of the dinner will be used for European relief work. Postcards urging support of the anti-convoy and advisory-referen-dum resolutions were sent to various congressmen, p.g.h.
•..From All Fronts—. Today's Summary Of War News
Vo Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc • Nazis Advance On Athens German troops have fought their way through the historic pass of Thermopylae, Berlin asserts, and are advancing down tlie railway toward Athens. The British said the British and Greeks were consolidating their positions. * H< * • King George Flees To Crete King George-of Greece and his government have fied to Crete after revealing that the Hellenic Army holding the west end of the line in Epirus had surrendered. The King said he would “continue the struggle” from Crete, >i. * H- • Plymouth Digs Out Plymouth was digging out yesterday from its second intensive bombing in two nights and observers believe it is evident that the Nazis intend to turn the city into another Coventry. * * • 'U. S. Participation Urgent' “Immediate participation of the United States in-the war is a matter of desperate urgency,” cables William H. Stoneman from London, voicing the opinion of “highly competent American experts, who are intimately acquainted with the situation both at home and in Europe.” * * * • British Raid Bardia The growing British counterattack against the Axis in Libya has been marked by a raid, announced yesterday, on Bardia by a Britishdanding force, which blew up a bridge, fired military stores and put big guns out of action. * * * • Japs Seize Chinese Towns “The Japanese seizure of Foochow, Ningpo and other China coastal towns, and the general intensification of the coastal blockade, aggravate China’s already serious supply problem.” radios A. T. Steele from Shungking. Alpha Phi Omega Closes 3-Day Fingerpriat Drive Members of the local chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, national Scouting service honorary, completed their third annual three-day fingerprinting drive in co-operation with the Lafayette Police Department yesterday after recording prints of almost two hundred students, faculty members and townspeople. Of the two prints of each person which were recorded, one will be retained in the files of the Lafayette Police Department and the other will be sent to the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Washington for use in identification of missing persons and accident victims, selective service, and defense work. Lt. John Weinhardt of the local police department instructed the Scouts in the technique of making fingerprints, k.a.k.
Slick Up, All Ye Eds And Co-eds! Contest Coming! Expo To Choose Best Dressed
By Mary Kay
Pull up those socks! Straighten your tie and smooth down your hair fellows! The five best dressed men on the campus are soon to be chosen along with the five best dressed coeds. The Exponent is holding a contest to determine just who is considered well-dressed by his classmates. ' ^ The judges will have a hard time looking at everyone on the campus trying to find these ten lucky people; so if anyone feels that he or she knows some one who is well dressed and would like to see him chosen as one of the ten, they should drop his name in the Exponent box at the west desk of the Union or bring it down to the office. The judges will take the submitted names and i|0-
tice these people especially to see how they measure up. Don’t Dress Up Now this contest doesn’t mean that everyone should start dressing up now and just continue to do so until the winners are annopnced, and t|>en drop back to the old careless way. We are interested in knowing the people who are well dressed at all times. Several of the local shops are cooperating with us .on this contest and'are offering prizes’to the win-
ners.
Start dropping us hints on the well-dressed people you know, and we will keep our eyes open for those people as they go about the campus to classes and other activities.
Senate Chooses New Board Members
Four Junior Positions On Student Senate Stiii in Need Of Petitioners Petitions for sophomore and junior Student Senate representatives have already been taken out by over twenty-five students. Senate officers announced yesterday. Petitions can be obtained in the Senate office. They must have fifty signers from the petitioner’s school and must be returned to the Senate office by 5 o’clock Monday. * No petitions have been taken out as yet for four of the junior positions. The open positions are for representatives of the following schools: science, home economics, pharmacy and physical education combined, and civil engineering and public service engineering combined. / The election will be held during the first week of May. The exact date will be set next week. All freshman and sophomore students may vote for representatives from their school by presenting their passports. p.g.h. Byron Dunbar To Play Tomorrow At Annual Mortar Board Dance Byron Dunbar will swing out m his sweet and slow style for the Mortar Board dance tomorrow night in the Union from 9 until 12 o’clock The dance will be a spring formal and will be conducted in southern cabaret style. Corsages will not be worn to the dance, but flowers will be sold by freshmen girls during the evening. There will be a floor show at 10:30 presented by the members of the cast ’of “The College Widow.” Dunbar does his own arranging and his interpi etations have been heard over the major networks, CBS and NBC. He has been featured in hotels and clubs throughout the midwest and has furnished the music for the Illinois State Fair for three consecutive years. Vocalists with the band are Bill Boner, who renders the sweet selections, and Lloyd Hanshy, who handles the faster swing vocals. Mortar Board is the final co-ed bid dance of the year. Tickets are now on sale for one dollar and may be purchased at the west desk of the Union, sorority houses or the residence halls, m.l 1. Indefinitely Postpone Pharmacy Conference Joint meeting of the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy and the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy, previously* scheduled for today and tomorrow on the campus, has been postponed because of the death of Dean C. B, Jordan, it was announced yesterday. Pharmacists from six states were expected to attend the meeting. The new date has not been set. f.i.j. J. Hannon, Freshman Ag, Wins Danforfh Fellowship Joseph R. Hannon, freshman in the school of agriculture, has been awarcjfid the Danforth Fellowship. The scholarship is awarded each year to the freshman in the school of agriculture showing the best record of leadership. The scholarship will allow Hannon to attend a summer camp at Shelby, Mich., during the last two weeks in August. Hannon will meet freshman agriculture students from seventeen other colleges who are at the ^amp on similar scholarships, s.p.w.
Funeral Services Funeral services for the late Dean Jordan will be held in St. Mary’s Church'on Friday morning, April 25, at nine o’clock. The School of Pharmacy will be closed from eight until twelve o’clock on Friday morning to enable both staff and students to attend the services. All other faculty members and students who wish to attend the services may be excused by reporting to the head of their respective departments. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Retiring Seniors Select Sixteen, To Direct 1941-42 Organization Last night at a meeting: in their Union office, the retiring senior board of tht Student Senate selected the senior and junior board members for next year. Eight seniors and eight juniors were chosen.
1940 Sports Parade Movie To Be Shown Tomorrow Night At 8 “The All American Way,” a movie sports panorama, will be shown in the Union this Friday evening under the sponsorship of the Tippecanoe Purdue club. Shots of the Silver Skates, Golden Gloves, the interscholastic regatta and the 1940 football game between the College All Stars and the Green Bay Packers will be among the many highlights of the picture whigh will include in its 1,200 feet outstanding events of recent seasons of almost all major American sports. Professor David S. Clark is president of the club which, in addition to presenting “The All American Way,” has sponsored, throughout the fall season, movies of Purdue football games. A feature of the movie for the local audience will be the sequences showing Lou Brock, Cec Isbell, star Boilermaker backs in action, k.a.k. AWS Issues First Call For Fall Counselors The first AWS call-out for next year’s freshmen counselors will be held in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall today. Four freshmen girls, Caroline Wood, Beth Ludberg, Ann Bishop, and Martha Hillegoss, will tell of their personal experiences with the counseling system when they entered the University in
the fall.
The girls will relate how their counselors helped them and also how they failed to help them. They will also give suggestions as to improvement of the program. The retiring vice-president of AWS, Joyce Burnham, will speak on “What It Meant To Me To Be a Counselor.” Show Up! Attendance at the meetings is compulsory for all who wish to be counselors. Mary Ellen Scarff and Lynn Erganbright are the only ones who can issue excuSes for absences. Three more meetings, besides the one todAy, will be held. The dates for the future meetings are April 29, May 1, and^May 4. Counselors will be chosen on the basis of attendance'^nd also on the results of personal interviews to be held later this spring. All upperclasswomen are eligible for counselor positions. This includes this year’s freshmen, as they will be sophomores next year. The upperclasswomen are needed to make new students feel at home next fall so a large attendance is expected at these meetings, m.1.1. Gertrude Kleefisch ... is serving as acting registrar of the University during the illness of Registrar R. B. Stone who underwqpt an operation for appendicitis a few days ago. Miss Kleefisch has been assistant registrar for several ^ years. Prof. Frank C. Hockema is acting as secretary of the executive committee and of the faculty during Prof. Stone’s illness.
Defense Discussions To Highlight Saturday Meeting Of SPEE Here Highlighting the annual meeting of the Indiana-Illinois section of the Society for Promotion of Engineering Education to be held at the University this Saturday will be a panel discussion on “Engineering Education and National Defense,” lead by three prominent leaders in the engineering field. Elliott Opens Meeting Dr. A. A. Potter, Dean of Engineering, H. T. Heald, president of the Illinois Institute of Te<;hnology, and D. B. Prentice, president of Rose Polytechnic Institute, will lead the Saturday morning discussion, following an address of welcome, to be extended to the society by President Elliott. A business meeting anji annual election of officers will follow, and luncheon will be held in the Union cafeteria. The afternoon activities will begin with an inspection trip of the campus, including the Hall of Music and WBAA studios, and separate sessions on various engineering and education subjects will begin at
2 p. m.
Lovell Leads Chems The various sections will include the chemical engineering section, under the direction of Professor C. L. Lovell, discussing metallurgy in chemical engineering and the importance of English in engineering curricula, and civil engineering section, headed byODe^mL. E. Brinter of the Illinois institute, discussing soil mechanics as applied to foundation problems and “Hydraulics vs. Fluid Mechanics.” General electrical engineering curiicula as applied to the college student, and theories on single phase electronics will constitute the problems taken up by the electrical engineering section. In the engineering drawing and descriptive geometry section methods of teaching with three dimensional pictures, as well as methods of solving problems in descriptive geometry, will be discussed. t.b.n. Chem Society Hears Princeton Professor Guest speaker of the meeting of the American Chemical Society held last night in the Chemistry Building was Dr.' Henry Eyring of Princeton University. Dr. Eyring’s subject was “The Theory of Rate Processes.” Dr. Eyring received his mining and metallurgical degree at the University of Arizona and his doctor’s degree at the University of California. He spent two years as a member of the staff of Wisconsin University and a year in Berlin on a National Research Fellowship. Following this, he became a lecturer at the University of California. The regular business meeting followed Dr. Esu'ing’s talk, during which members submitted suggestiqns as to changes in procedure of the section, m.1.1. Notice, Clas$ Of '41! Today is the last day for the placement of orders for commencement invitstions and announcements at Southworth’s, Deac’s and the University bookstores, and the west desk of the Union. —Gala Week Committee.
The senior board for 1941-’42 will consist of the following: Jim Adams, Dick Dibos, Phil Johnson, Hugh Lawrence, Bill Long, Beth Partenheimer, Bob Stacker, and Tom Yoder. Each of these will head one of the various committees^ which are, namely, elections, personnel, projects, handbook, constitution, lost and found, and publi-
city.
New junior board members are Jane Arnold, George Corbus, Russell Hardin, Wade Neal, Dave Frost, Joe Neff, Jeannette Rutherford, and A. T. Donnellen. Each of these will serve as junior executive of one of the committees. Officers for next year’s organization will be chosen from among the senior board members at a meeting of the entile newly-chosen group on May 6. New Appointments Appointments to the new boards were made by the present senior board consisting of Harry Layson, retiring president, Fred Elley, Jack Wise, Lois Voelkel, Vicky Milea, John Van Horn, John Stewart, and Louis McCammon. The new members were selected from among sixteen present juniors and twentythree sophomores. Half of the juniors were executives carried over from their sophomore year and half of them were elected members. Eight sophomores were elected members while'the remainder have served as workers. The student election on May 6 for eight sophomore and eight junior representatives will complete the voting body of the Senate for next year, according to John Walley, elections chairman. f.i.j. Milifaiy Department Will Present Review For Gala Week May2 As part of the Gala Week program and in accordance with the action of the Executive committee of the faculty, all ROTC students will I be dismissed from classes by 3:30 p. m. on Friday, May 2. This is to facilitate the students’ prompt attendance at the military review scheduled for 4 o’clock that afternoon. The entire corps, including both brigades of the Purdue Field Artillery, will assemble in the Armory at 3:40 p. m. and proceed to the review formation on Intramural field. Three batteries of the fourth regiment “D,” “E” and “F” of the PPA will be motorized. These batteries will pass in review after the rest of the corps has marched by the reviewing stand. President E. C. Elliott in a letter to membei's of the instructional staff last wfeek requested the cooperation of all the students in ROTC in order to-make this review a success. d.Lb. 5 Students Compete In Finals Of Cont^ Five Speech 14 students will compete this evening at 7:15 o’clock in Fowler Hall in the final round of the semi-annual Speech 14 contest. The winners of the semi-final rounds, Elmer Hagerty, W. H. Lange, W. M. Dempster, W. P. Peters and Ralph Howes, will present six minute speeches on proposed business projects. The winner of the contest wfil be judged by the votes and comments of the audience. Att^ulanee of all Students enrolled in Spoach 14 classes this semester at this convocation is optional. d.t,b.1
J ^ -V
X
fii^ftt, 2~£dii£.
Thursday. April 24. 1941
fiwuiwL £xfu)mnL
.The Ratio— 3.93 >..to 1
Well, Ginny Roblee and Punchy Campbell have finally retuined ifbTti tbeii* honfeytnoon, and are now ^‘at home” to their friends at the Union. Ginny professes that it’s wonderful and she’s having loads of ftin. Ah, Spring and romance. Pins arfe flying around so fast that they can’t be kept up with. The Betas and the Sigs are all out of luck, though, now, “ ’cause Kappa Ann Custer got out her Delt pin from Indianapolis the other day and dusted it off and came proudly trotting down the steps.” Oh me! Chuck Keene seems to have the
HELD THROUGH
OVER SATURDAY
Here's the show for a lift and a laugh! Youth! Pep! Song! and Swing! Rug Cutting Rhythm in the Groove!
—and— BOB CROSBY’S ORCHESTRA —featuring,’<THE BOBCATS”;
PLUS
EAST SIDE KIDS IN FLYING WILD with LEO GORCEY BOBBY jORDAN — EXTRA — BRITIAN'S R. A. F.
right idea, though. He took Jean Frankenberry to Junior Prom Friday night, but he put his jewelry on Mary Mennen Sunday. Somebody’s getting the run-around someplace. Another amusing merger concerns Alpha Chi Eloise Green and Theta Chi Ted Shead. Ted went over to see Eloise Monday afternoon and asked her to take his pin. When she accepted, he reached for it on his sweater and found that he had left it at home. He got it to her later that day, though, so everything turned out all right. Some of the other pin mergers are Bill Allen and Bev Van Scoter, Theta Xi (How’s the spelling this time, fellows?) Mik^ Neyzi and Jo Hinkamp, and just listen to this one People, Kappa Wally Callender and Phi Gam George Baker. People are supposed to learn by their mistakes, but some people don’t seem to. Twice in the same year is kinda rushing things, don’t you think, George. Evidently you don’t, though. There’s a new diamond on campus, too. Sigma Nu Paul Hamman presented the sparkler to Kappa Caryl Kepner. Congratulations to all of you people. For some reason or other, people seem very reticent about speaking about their experiences at Prom. Evidently, too good a time was had by all. We noticed a lot of sick looking faces around afterwards. Well, maybe we’ll hear something interesting later. Wf^ll, we’re the fifth different person to write this column in the last five times. Anybody else like to take a crack at it?
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT.
PLUS
WINNERS OF THE WEST FIRST RUN NEWS
TODAY - FRIDAY
AmI Hit Orchettn INSTANCE MOORE *11111 REGAN rBETTY BREWER*LIUlIAN CORNELL HRGINIA DALE • RED DONAHUE ■ltd hit mule “UNO” blricttd by MU>H MURPHY H PwMnount Ptctur.
ummm Starts TODAY
Tennis Team Opens Hostilities Saturday With IHinois Hetters Postponed from last Tuesday afternoon until next Saturday, the opening of Boilermaker tennis warfare, this spring should be accomphhibd with considerable ihterefet. 'rtie two prelimihary matches with the DePauw and Illinois State Teachers net teams which were scheduled for Tuesday and tomorrow afternoons respectively have been cancelled or held over until later in the season. Instead of easing into the season’s activities via the popular warm-up encounter with a non-con-ference foe, Larry LaBree is putting his charges up against a Western Conference opponent on Saturday. Illinois netters are scheduled to invade the Riveter courts at about 2 p. m. All in all nine matches are to be played before the afternoon of racquet swinging comes to a close. Six singles matches and half this number of doubles encounters are on the program. Activities are to take place on the clay courts east of Ross-Ade Stadium, or in case of rain, on the courts inside the Fieldhouse. Captain Bob Anderson will probably see action as the Riveter number one man. Ray Lucht of Hammond will take care of activities of the number tw6 man. Fred Richards who along with Anderson and Lucht make up the three returning lettermen will also see action against the Suckers. Several promising sophomores are fighting it out for the remaining three positions on the lineup. Bill VanCamp, Dick Stettner and Gus Armstrong are three of the strongest contenders. If VanCamp is ineligible, Ken Baughman, another second year man with literally plenty on the ball will probably take to the courts. d.w.m. Delta Rho Kappa . . . science honorary, will hold a closed meeting at 7:30 tomorrow evening in room 303 of the Union. Prof. Albjerg of the History, Economics, and Government department will speak on “If Hitler Wins.”
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR
NEW ADVANCED CLASS TO-NIGHT 7:00 P. M. ALLEN’SfiTB & FERRY
LUMA Today-Fri.-Sat.—1 Hits
The ^th Colanm
Sfee by the papers where Franklin Delano says that Britain must not fall. Which is okay with us if he feels that way about it. He also calls thr Empire the main defense of democracy. And, h^ may be right on that point too. Anyway it’s all right with us even if it is jUst one man’s opinion. The thing we like belit about thfe whole sfetul) lb that he urges-a long range view. Which is exactly the way we want to look at the war. The longer the range the better. ♦ * ♦ Ahd to heck With the view. * * * Although the status of the boyfe in camp has not fully been decided in the Idoked-f hr extension of the one year training, present indications are that they^^nll not be forced to cbntinue service. jSowever, by hook, line, or bear trap they gotta be induced . . . Or seduced into staying. ♦ * * It seems the army intends to talk them into continued service. However, in our humble estimation . . . It is money that delivers the real orations. >0 « »> And $21 is just baby talk. >» * * In Greece the army has surrendered. That is the Greeks. Most of them. And the British and the reinaining Greeks are on the run. According to the Germans, “Only the weather and God could save the British from annihilation.” However, since the Nazis have already
Bntered u second claM matter at the peat oSUm im Lafarette, Indiana, under the act of Congreca at Mareh >, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8,1917, authoriaed Janoarjr 89, 1922. Published daily except Monday daring the rcgnlar ^^xnic year and weekly dicing the StudWer SMdilbn, I Delivered locally by carrier for $8.90 per year, mau sublaeriptiont $8.69; Editer-ln-CUef. R. W. Denahnc Bnsineaa Manager Meric Bagcamyer PubltcMlbn SiiH Newa Editor j, H. McKee IlMaging ji^tor D. K. Bblple iAiUociatc Editors: N. A. Ocbiltrce.,J. A. PurecU. U W. Raffner, R. M. Skallemp, J. D. TrangotL BukiiMit Stiff LCcal Advertising Managers: D, S. Powers, G. C. Landers; {^motion Manager, 0. P, DanglemaJer; Aaeonnts _ Manager, R. J. Sbadf6rd; CirouUition Manager, M. M. Recktenwald.
Editor..
Co-ed Stiff
. Beth Simpson
AtoCciate EdUora: Mary Kay Miller, Rnth RCse. Dbnna
SiesB.
Sporti Stiff J. P. Dolan J. F. Adamson, P. C,. Johnson, R. O.
Editor..
-Associate Editors;
Swiim.
Phono: Editoriil 4005; Business 8471; Sporto 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertiaing Service, Inc., College Publishers RepresenUtivee. 480 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Stiff For This lasuo Night Editot: Armstrong Day Editor: ChatfiCld Issue Editor: McDonall Night Sports Editor: Yenng Staff: M. L. Losey, P. L Jones, S. J. Slesser, 0- V. Thomas, S. B. Wolf, D. T. Brophy, M. Flanagan, K. A. Klosson, P. G. Hoffman, J. G. Petty. T. B. Novey, D. W. Meier, J. S. Keeler.
taken Mount Olympus and the Gods are on the run as well as the King. The only thing to do now . .. Is pray for rain.—dkh
Owners, Instructors Discuss Frozen Food Continuing the Indiana Frozen Food Locker Association conference begun yesterday, operators of frozen food locker plants in the state will meet this morning to hear talks by three University instructors. R. L. Witz, the Agricultural Experiment Station, will discuss home freezing units; Professor Gail Redfield, home economist at the Station, will speak about handling of frozen foods; and Professor H. G. Venemann, refrigerating engineer of the school of Mechanical Engineering, will discuss plant operation problems. Piofessor S. A. Anderson, agricultural extension engineer, will preside at this meeting. Business matters and an election of officers for next year will close the conference this afternoon, f.i.j. Riding Club Will Discuss Gymkhana Plans Tonight Riding Club will meet tonight at 7:30 in r*oom 232 of the Union. All members expecting to enter the annual Gymkhana M^y 11 are expected to be present. The meeting will be devoted principally to a discussion of the plans for the show and a report will be given as to what has been done to date. Keys will be presented to those participating in the event. Those members who have been absent four times from meetings during the semester are dropped drom the Riding Club roll, j.h.m.
Mother’s Day is Sunday, May 11th. Make it a happier day for your mother— and for others you love — by sending a beautiful HALLMARK Mother’s Day Greeting. Long noted for their fine sentiments and beautiful designs, there is no more appropriate remembrance for Mother’s Day than a HALLMARK Card. . Make your selections soon in our greeting card deportment
DECKTR'S
518 Main St.
Phone 5036
JoJUl Princeton Looks At The War Editor’s Note: Excerpts from a series of editorial articles in the Daily Princetonian, undergraduate publication at Princeton university. “We suggest that the ideal which America should trive for is an orderly international society living in accordance with the democratic way of life. We believe it is America’s obligation to pursue that end and its destiny to help in effecting realization of that ideal. This ‘way of life,’ embracing social and cultural as well as political democracy, is of such scope and vision that it can never be fully realized unless all the peoples of the world unite to pursue it cooperatively. The problem facing America as a nation, then, is a dual one: to pave the way for future international union and also to keep alive and to extend the democratic way of life.”
“Let’s look at the blackest side of the picture first—suppose Britain fails. For two principal reasons, we believe that America’s non-belligerency is more important to America and to the world than England’s victory. (1) The chance of a clein-cut, unconditional surrender of the British people is so slight that it should not be the bogey of American policy. (2) The Nazi regime is built on a quicksand. Even a German victory over Britain would not clear the way for Nazi world domination. “Obviously, a British victory would make the problem of establishing the basis for a just and lasting peace easier— though the victory would not per se mean the solution to the problem. We have stated our belief that America as a victorious belligerent, with the bitterness of war in its heart and the taste of triumph sweet on its lips, would be psychologically unable to offer any solution more rational than another Versailles, or worse. But America as a non-belligerent would be in a position to temper the blind fury of British demands, to prevent a maladjusted order which would produce another Hitler-Franken- • stein, and to set up one which would give the world at least a hope of lasting peace. The third possible outcome of the war is stalemate. In such an eventuality the role of the United States should be to provide without bitterness the structure of an international world order based on democratic principles. ‘It is not the war that we hope and believe can end all wars, but the peace after the war. It is not that we would make the world safe for democracy, but make the world a democracy. And the peace we envision is not peace in our timb, but for all time.”
Wa Are Now Restoring the VITAMIN Bi Content of Our White Breads to Avoraga Whole Wheat Levelt hf Using Fleischmann's Hi-Bi Yeast tw QOM
Marksmen Win 22 Meets In 23 Starts Superb performance seems to be a habit With Bcilerniaker pistol team mehibers. Out of 23 telegraphic encounters during the past 'few months the team has lost but a single match. Credit for defeating a squad which comes so close to perfection, belongs to the followers of the avocation at Utah University. Climaxing their many victories with another supreme attainment, the team grabbed first place in the State Meet at Indianapolis which was sponsored by the Indiana Rifle Association, d.w.m.V
N 1
iiiwitfiHiiMiiliiiinntm
‘k »*
fijuhdai: ^xpomtd.
ThtirSdeiy. Afiril 24. 1941
finqSL ^~§pifii:A.
riteidiMiliHkilB
%
Riveters t^repare For Illinois
Latest figures Reveal Team's Power At Plate; McFerren Stars
Varsity Squad Nips Reserves In Smart Game By 6-3 Count
Preparing for the reopening of the Big Ten diamond campaign this week-end with a two game series with Illinois at Champaign, 6oach Dutch Pehring yesterday afternoon divided his squad into a pair of teams and conducted the first intersquad regulation game of the season. The varsity nine combined three hits with three free passes and two errors in the fifth inning for five runs to overcome an early reserve team margin and cop the' seven inning battle by a 6-3 score. Sophomore hurler Walt Leifheit handcuffed the varsity players for four innings, allowing only a trio of scattered safeties. Captain Bud Fieher, Leifheit’s battery mate, hit a rousing triple in the first with a mate on deck to open the scoring with a one run lead for the reserves. Slugger, Pitcher Walt Leifheit came to bat in the third with Brady on base as a result of a walk to hit a sharp liner into right center field that rolled nearly to the tennis courts to give the hard working moundsmen an easy trip around the bases. Hits by McCaffery and Young along with a stolen base by the former gave the regulars their first tally in their half of the same ginning. John Janisch took the mound in the fifth, replacing Leifheit, only to be met by a barrage of hits which coupled with errors, gave the varsity nihfe five fnore runs and a lead which they never relinquished. The tall hurler settled down for the rest of the game, giving up only one more hit.
Although the Riveters failed to uotch a victory during their brief visit at Columbus, they did establish themselves as somewhat of a power club at the plate. Failure to hit in the pinches and not failure to produce hits, was responsible for the twin defeats, as the Riveters amassed a robust .282 over the weekend. Harry McFerren collected five safeties in ten attempts to lead the team. This from a team which was not supposed to hit, according to the pre-season comments. .1 - McFerren Leads
Irishman’s
Military Tracksters Vie For Honors At Stadium
(5? ' %
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
In The Future
... all persons using the threehole golf course will be required to sign up at the first tee according to word from the Intramural office.
The probable logs of Don Blanken, who aggravated his old .ankle injury Tuesday while sliding into second base, will complicate the Boiler-* maker mound problem in the battles this week with the Illini. The Illinois nine is rated one of the best in the conference, having split their only Big Ten series with Indiaha although they readily outhit the Hooslers in both tilts. The box score of yesterday’s in-ter-squad game is as follows:
KESKRVES Potenza, 2b. McAdams, as Hincks, as Brady, cf. Fisher, c. Young, c. liCifheit, p Janisch, p M Gantz, rf Rawles, 3b Hoffman, lb Green, If
AB R H PO A 4 0 12 1
0
0 0
2-
0 0 1
0
0 0 0 0
31 3 821 9
VARSITY McFerren, 2b Cook, 3b Doherty, cf Janisch, rf R Gantz Carson, If Waterhouse, rf McCaffrey, lb Myers, ss Young, c
AB R H PO A 4 12 2 0
Score by innings Reserves Vaisity
29 6 7 21
102 000 0—8 001 060 0—6
Get Your Style-Right Shirts— ARROW SHIRTS
at
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
We Feel Bad about Violets
P OETS always call the violet the shrinking violet. We feel bad about anything 'that shrinks — but chiefly shirts. So we’ve spent our life making the shirt that doesn't shrink, the ARROW shirt. It's Sanforized Shrutik, which means fabric shrinkage less than 1%. Its Mitoga figure fit is superb and its collar is the World’s finest. College men everywhere prefer Arrows. Try an Arrow Gordon today.
ARROfF SHIRTS
COLLARS . . . TIES . . . HANDKERCHIEFS . . . UNDERWEAR
Figures for all of the team’s 13 games thus far show that McFerren IS the most consistent hitter on the squad, having a lofty mark of ,478. He has also sparkled afield, being charged wifh but one miscue in 56 chances. Sophomore Walt Leifheit actually has a higher batting average, but he has appeared in only six games. Another soph, Forrest McCaffrey has accepted the most chances, 93j and he, too, has erred but once. Of those accepting 20 or more chances, Centerfielder Mike Byelene is the only man to boast a flawless fielding record. Johnny Emmert leads the hurlers with four victories and a single defeat.
Herm Phillips and his Purdue selection to represent Purdue in the Drake Relays this week end are ready to entrain for Des Moines, Iowa, this afternoon with the expectations of winning a few points. Dave Rankin is scheduled to run the 400 yard high hurdles which he doesn’t expect to fly over—especially those last ones which seem a mile high. —I-I—
Big Jake Weber wants to show in the shot put, but his ehances of winning this affair are jrather remote, because the great putter from Georgetown University will be there to break the record set by Jack Torrance SIX years ago. —I-I—
W. f. Howland
. . . professor m the School of Civil Engineering, is scheduled to speak on the subject, “A Manual on Paints” this afternoon at the annual meeting of the Indiana section of the American Water Works Association in Indianapolis.
We have a note on our desk from Prof. H. G. Venepiatm concerning the coming golf tourney for members of the University* Club. This tournament is arranged in as fair a way as we have ever seen any match, because it takes into consideration the ability of the participants. Golfers, according to the plan, are grouped mto classes H, A, P, B, and C. Handicap scores will give each competitor an equal chance to win a magnificent trophy with that player’s name engraved on it.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th fr Main Sts Phone 5710
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 V4 Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Hardware
• Jewelers
If It's Hardware We Have It ■ Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Summer Palm Beach Formal Coats
Exquisitely styled of fine quality Palm Beach, and made up in double breasted or single breasted style modeled to wear without rest. The coat that will see you through every formal affair in istyle.
QuJJi&fCi ^ INC.
PHONE 2237
316 STATE
Another “first” will be chalked up on the University calendar thi^^aftemoon as the first annual Military track meet unfolds at Ross-Ade Stadium. Hostilities will begin at 4:15 when the first of the meet’s eight events, the 100 yard dash, takes the spotlight. Authorities have decided to postpone the event in case of rain, not electing to hold fhe meet under conditions similar to those prevailing Saturday when the Riveters and Butler splashed through the cinders.
■“ Alternate Date
IM Schedules
BASEBALL Thursday. April 24 Diamond 1 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Si^ma Nu 2 Delta Ghi vs Theta Xi. 3 Theta Chi vs Theta Tau 4 Sigma Chi vs Phi Sigma Kappa. 6 Triangle vs Beta Sigma Psi 6 Phi Kappa Psi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 7 Sigma Pi vs. Phi Delta Theta 8 Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Kappa Delta Rho 9 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Acacia 10 Delta Upsilon vs Phi Gamma Delta. TENNIS SINGLES (4pm) Theta Chi Vs Tau Epsilon Phi Triangle vs Phi Gamma Delta Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Beta Sigma Psi Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Sigma Kappa Sigma Pi vs Phi Kappa Tau Delta Chi vs Alpha Chi Rho Alpha Tau Omega vs Beta Theta Pi Acacia vs Tau Kappa Epsilon
If a postponement is necessary, the lads will assemble next Tuesday, April 29, at the same spot to have another try at it. Howard Wilkening, freshman traclT coach, has been named as the meet’s oflkcial referee and starter. Four track events plus a like number of field events complete the card. All field events will get under way to 4:16. The program follows:
loo yard dash, 4 18, mile run. 4 .35, 220 yatd dash. 4 46, 440 yard dash, 5.00. high jump, pole vault, broad jump and shot put, 4:16.
PALM BEACH SUITS
See Dur Large Selection
•00 MAIN SI.
in 1 WHITE
FILM BEIEH
/<
or dates, proms, parties...ibr mix-
ing with odd slacks £or sports... for casual and more formal evenings... fornow and all Summer ...for Coolness, comfort and style. Washable, too. See them at your clothier today. Pastels ^ -j
and deep tones, too.
Ptdm Beach Evening FormaUf wMte jacket and black trousersj, $20. Palm Beach Sh^ks, $5.50. And 6y the same summer wear specialists^the new Goodall Tropic Weight—top value in lightweight worked suits, $25.
bOODALL COM^ANlr
CmciNNATI
IJ250 Prize CtmnUi. See ymr forfiaqe, ^ - 'SanahaL
Thursday, April 24, 1941
fijuJutuA, £xponsint
Sigma Nu
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers; Eminent Commander, F. E. Laramore; Lt. Commander, H. E. Knight; Treasurer, G. C. Dodson; House Mgr., P. G. Magner; Chaplain, G. F. Norris; Marshall, J. A. Miller; Recorder, J. D. Smith; Rush Chairman R. F, Swab; Historian, 0. L. Allanson; Sentihel, S. E. Craigmile; Reporter, O. L. Allanson; Alumni Contact Officer, J. R Jones
Entomology Head Confers With Carbon, Carbide Co. Prof. J. J. Davis, entomology department head, and Dr. E. N. Woodbury, will be in New York today for a conference with the Carbide and Carbon Corp , which is sponsoring a fellowship through the Crop Protection Institute for the study of organic chemicals for/insect control. Professor Davis is in charge of the project and Dr. Woodbury has been given the fellowship, p.g.h.
Maiy Ellen Chase, Cary Hall To Remain Open Author, Will Speak During Summer Session
At Literary Banquet
£AieSs.
I
WO TONES ARE BETTER
%
< THAN ONE
Some St} tes Hiz! cr
Set off your new Spring suit with a pair of our handsome new Fortune two tone styles — in stock now in many new patterns and combinations. See them today. lORTUNI B. & W. SHOE CO. 121 N. 4th Street
From four hundred to five hundred persons are expected to attend the University literary banquet to be held in the Union Thursday, May 1. Mary Ellen Chase, author and lecturer from Smith College, will be the speaker, and President E. C. Elliott will serve as toastmaster. At the dinner, student literary awards will be given in the form of cups and cash prizes. In addition to the awards for the best play, poem, short story and essay, the William H. Winterrowd award of $100 and $36 will be given the seniors who have assembled the best collection of books during their four years at the University. Dictionaries will be given freshmen for vocabulary improvement. Tickets are on sale at Decker’s, Deac’s, and Southworth’s, the west desk of the Union, and the English
Cary Hall South will remain open during the coming summer session for the convenience of summer session students, according to G. 0. Arbuckle, manager. This is the first time that the hall has remained open and served meals during the summer session. It is advisable that all who expect to live there during the summer make early application to the Cary Hall South office, Arbuckle
said.
Students who are at present living on the campus but who expect to live in Cary Hall next year also should make application as soon as possible in order to assure themselves of early consideration for room assignment, c.v.t. department office m University
Hall.
Invited guests include Governor Schricker and George Ade as well as the local donors of prizes, m.1.1.
To Sears for TENNIS VALUES
LIVELY EXPERT TENNIS BALLS Red-White 3 for
Sears FINALIST TENNIS RACKETS FINE QUALITY
$
4.38
Approved by U S Lawn Tenms Assn 3 in hermetnally Sealed Can
OTR V-pc laminated ash ' ■■ \ beech fiber frame
•• moslure proof silk
^ 'I strings.
Visit Sears Sporting Goods Department for all your sporting needs —Golf, Daseball, Softball, Tennis and Fishing.
2 North Third St.
Phone 4039
Classified Ads
Typvwriters and addinc machinaa, saw and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makea of portable trpewriteni, $M.Ti ta $69.60. Office luppUea. Mimeocrapli and multigraph work. C. F. ESberahoff, MC Main St. FkoBe, >779.
In ihe front line of National Defense Maoy of you place, in the nauon. semce^ Ure d.a. pUee ““if ; yon. telephone industry ng ufe-Une of ""rdSranlofdeCp-P—• “"It West™ Electric we're making eqni^ At Western n„nnaUy would Hient for us System for sevnot be require y orders to equip 1 We’re rushing oruers w ^ r ewl * otQ to provide increased new military po expanding defense telephone facilities for expanding industries. days. In this time ux ..wmerience and Western .g/a^e demonstrating manufacturing facilities are ne their worth to the nation.
Juniors, Seniors and Other Draftees . . , Gentlemen and Noble Defenders of /our country. Take a 1941 DEBRIS with you in fond rememberance of the good old times had at Purdue. To you—$5.00.
x pSi'ff
and Future ^^Gobs^\ . . “Sailing, Sailing, over the bounding main” . . . “Our first line of defense”, it is said. You, too, will need the company of a friend while rolling on the sea during a hair-raising battle. Also to you—$5.00.
To the Coeds .
“Be it ever so humble, there is no place like home,, . . . ah-coeds, ah-men, ah-hell . . . it is your kind job to keep the home fires burning. While you are burning, wouldn’t it be swell to recollect the old days at Purdue—^when the men were in your arms and not in the army. To you—only $5.00.
and those who will someday J graduate (the lucky stiffs) Ah . . , “to those who will someday graduate” ... we will kindly offer you a free DEBRIS if you will tip us on how you kept from being drafted.
Don^t Wait Buy Now—$5.00
All Seniors: Senior commencement invitations and announcements are on sale at Southworth’s, Deac’a and the Universitr Bookstore, and at the west desk of the Union. Sales close on Thursday, April 24. GALA WEEK COMMITTEE.
by Clarence Clarence woke from his afternoon nap and found this note reposing by the pillow: hey there clarence boy oh boy iziss ever tha weather first its 73 and purdue ties notre dame then 76 and we edge western and at 83 we win 13-2 and now mercury says 88 and im-glad my hair is white its cooler don’t you think higher temperatures help purdue baseball scores huh oh boy oh boy izzis tha weather snowball—the white one
Alpha Phi Omega: Fledges will take their final exam Thursday, April 24, at B p. m. in room 261 of the Union. All actives are invited to attend this meeting. Refreshments will be furnished by tiie pledges. —McCAMMON. All Students: Tickets for PIA banquet Sunday, April 27, at 6:15 p. m. in the Union, may be purchased for 69 cents from any PIA board member. Reamer member or pledge, or at the West desk in the Union. —KNEPPBR.
Debris Sophomores: Important meeting regarding election Thursday, April 24, at 4 p. m. in Debris office. —BROWN.
Delta Rho Kappa: Business meeting on^ Thursday, April 24, at 7:30 p. m. in room 308 of the Union. Professor Albjerg will speak. —OSWALT.
Military Students: Formation of the corps days April 22 and 24 will be held in the Armory. First PFA forms in southwest quarter of armory; second PFA in northwest quarter, third PFA in southeast quarter and fourth PFA less the second battalion in northeast quarter. Batteries D, E and F, Fourth PFA will form by the trucks north of the Armory. S-4 will foym at 4th street entrance to intramural field. —HEBBELER.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Election of pledges Thursday, April 24, at 7 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistry building. -ALEXANDER.
Glider Club: Open meeting Thursday, April 24, at 7:30 p. m. in Union. There will be motion pictures. » —KANE.
Marriage Course: Both Wednesday and Thursday sections will meet at 7:36 p. m. Thursday, April 24, at the Foster Furniture Store, Fifth and Main, in Lafayette. —McCAMMON.
For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Servieo. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.69 all night. Phone 2407.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Form south of the Armory Friday, April 25, 4 p. m., for retreat. Be in uniform. A picture is to be taken —NORQUEST.
For Sale—1936 Ford Coupe Good Condition Call Miller, 46864.
Lost. Gold Elgin wrist watch. Left in Fieldhouse locker. Phone 3063. Reward.
Roger Williams Club: Annual spring picnic at Vawter’s Big Rock Saturday, April 26. Meet at the church at 1 p. m. Transportation and meal ticket will cost each member five cents. —ARTMAN
Lost: Gold sequin evening purse, white beading at Prom Phone 36814.
Roller Skating: Leave Wesley Foundation Friday evening, April 26, at 10 p. m. Men 30 cents; co-eds 16 cents. * —SHAPER.
Notices
POMM: Meeting of all actives and pledges at 4 p. m. in room 103 of the Armory, Thursday, April 24. Meeting short but important —McCAMMON.
All Electrical Engineers: Sign up in EB office for inspection trip and AIEE meeting at Illinois University May 10.
Exponent Board: Meeting Saturday, April 26, at 1 p m. in the editorial office. All junior, sophomore, hnd freshman workers are expected to attend. —DONAHUE
Freshman and Sophomore Military: Sign up in Supply Room for entrance into Scabbard and Blade Best Soldier Contest to be held in Armory Saturday, April 26, at 1:80 p. m. —WOODLING.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Friday, April 26, at 4 :30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Prof. Frank Hall, of the history staff, will speak. Friends are invited. —CORTISSOZ
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Those who are to take the test at night Thursday, April 24, meet in room 108 in the Axtaatf at 7 ‘30 p m. —GiBSON
Wesley Foundation Banquet: Those who cannot attend dinner are invited to hear Dr Bollinger Thursday, April 24, at 7:0* p. m. There is no charge for this —McFADDEN
WAA: Meeting at 4 p. m Friday, April 25 —RBDWINE
WAA: Aichery practices will ke held every evening at 4 o’clock. Instructions will be given on Tuesday and Friday. —JOHNSON
Pi Tau Sigma: Inspection trip to Chicago is postponed —DAVIS
4-H Club: Annual Spring party will be held at Women’s gym Saturday, May 3, at 7 :30 p. m Tickets may be purchased at the door for 16c or they can now be bought from Frank Goris for 10c —^ANDERSON
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting Tuesday, April 29, at 7 :46 p. m. in room 365 of the Union. Unfinished business will be completed. Election of officers will be held. Permanent record cards will be filled out. Keys will be distributed —^NORQUEST
FOR ACTION AND INACTION
• Rogue Shirt with its no-but-ton, self-closing neck is just as good for loafing as it is for golfing or tennis. Designed in Hollywood, it can be wotn with a jacket or without one. Take your choice—but first take your pick from our wide assortment of sizes, sporty colors and luxurious $Q flfl
rayon fabrics