i
W
i Mdrry-Go-Rbund I I Describes DeWey ‘As Cornered By Press
Editorial Aitnoiinoos Paper's Policy ^
Under New Staff
Establisbed 188t
Great fun, quarantines I
56, No. 116
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, February 17, 1944
Convo Features Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra
effers To Launch lye For Books NIerinaker Special Will Pick Up Volumes Cbiteded Before Beginnffig Of New Semester
Edwin Diltcliff, Pianist, Replaces Cotillion Features
Joseph Battista In Soloist Role q
. According to Marion Swanstrom, chairman of the book drive 6^ campus for the World Student Service Fund, all houses on ^drnpus will receive at the beginning of next week letters containing instrucjtions as to what to do with their collections, ^he drive will be made during next week, and the books collated will be picked up by the Boilermaker Special the first li^eek of next semester.
A goal of one book for each student on campus, or 6,000 bboks, has been set; and text tn^oks are included in the list of books in much demand.
Magazines cannot be used, but pock-et-sized editions of books, novels, literature books and also books of the professions are requested by the Allied war prisoners. To Be Collected In Union Books collected will be stored in the sub-basement of the Union until they can be prepared to be sent to New York and to the Red Cross agents in foreign countries. Some nlhst be censored because of authors and all books must have all markings throughout them erased. All books contributed by this campus will be cleaned and packed by the war effort committee and expressed to New Yoi’k as they are ready. For express expenses, which must be paid by the committee, contribution boxes have been placed in the Union rtj for anyone who would like to help
in that way.
Books and contributions to the WSSF are relayed to Allied prisoners through a committee in neutral Switzerland, and organized study-ing-within prisoner camps has been set up as the supply of books has bebome more adequate. British universities, realizing that there are niore ^British students in prison
Services Will Give Third Test On March 15
TomoprOw evening at 7:30 the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Fabien Sevitzky,' will play at a University Convocation in the Music Hall. Edwin Diltcliff, pianist, will be the featured soloist, repladhg Joseph Battista who is now in the army. The doors of
the Music Hall will be opened at 7 for the concert.
Statistics on the performance of the Indianapolis Symphony from the opening of the
concert season in 1937, when Fabien Sevitzky assumed the duties nf permanent conductor, to the present, show a grand total of 218 concerts performed in four twentyweek seasons. Dr. Sevitzky commented, “We are proud of the knowledge that no other orchestra
AWS Announces 2 A.M. Coed Hours For Dance; Navy V-12's, Electrician's Mates Get 1 A.M. Liberty
Home Economics Agents Will Meet On Campus Monday
16th Book Exchange Opens February 21
At 1 P.M. In
Clyde Lucas and his orchestra will play for the Sophomore Cotillion, Friday, February 25, from 9 p. m. to 1 a. m. in both ballrooms of the Union, according to C. 0. Roberts, chairman of the dance'committee. Coed hours for the dance will be 2 a. m., it was announced today by the AWS judicial board. Army men will not be allowed out o^ quarters for the
Fifty-two home demonstration has ever been able to duplicate what Student Union will open its six-
agents next week will meet at the we have 4one in our first eighty teenth book exchange service Feb-
University for a special “refresher” weeks.”
school Monday and Tuesday. Two
, , , , . ,, Program for the convocation is
present-day homemaking problems
Z divided into three parts. The first is
are to be studied—ways for making
food preservation more successful and methods of solving some of the
Third army-navy college qualify- present-day clothing problems,
ing test for the Army Specialized
ruary 21 in room 267 of the Union. Books will be received for sale from 1 until 6 p. m. February 21 to 23.
u • -x «Ti/r ^ X AX The non-profit service for students a symhonic suite “My Country At . x- -x x? ... -X ,, . „ will resume activity from 10 a. m.
War," by Harl MacDonald, in four movements. The second is “Concerto
Training Program and Navy V-12 program that will be given throughout the country Wednesday, March 15, will be administered at the University and at local high schools, Dr. H. H. Remmers has announced, A leaflet of general information which contains an admission-iden-
Aiming at the prevention of spoilage of home preserved foods during 1944, special work on microbiology of. foods will be directed by Prof. S. E. Hartsell of the University biology department. Miss Gertrude Sunderlin of the School of Home Economics is scheduled to explain brining of vegetables, and Miss Gail
tification form may be obtained at R^dfield of the agricultural experi-
the engineering personnel office. This form, properly filled out, will admit to the test students between the ages of 17 and 21, inclusive, who are high school graduates or who will be graduated b^ July 1. The intention to take the test should be
ment station will present information on the preparation of foods for fi-eezing, A special workshop on the use and care of pressure canners will be conducted by D. E. Hall, of .the Burpee Can Sealer Company, Bar-
on
made known immediately to Asso- rington, Illinois, on Monday evecate Dean W. A. Knapp in order ning. Other work on food preservathat the necessary test supplies may tion will be given by extension staff be ol'dered. members. Misses Marie Straszheim, The same examination, which is Lois Oberhelman, Eva Goble, and
designed to test the aptitude and Starley Hunter,
general knowledge required for the
dance, but the Navy, both V-12’s and electricians' mates, will be released until 1 a. m., Saturday morning. The Na\T must buy tickets, as social recreation cards do not ineliale spe-
cial dances.
The Cotillion will be formal for
Dr. Ray Freeman Jenney, pastor coeds and, in eonsideiation of the
men in uniform, will be informal for men, although the member.s of the committee announced men should
dress formally if possible.
Clyde Lucas and his orchestra have been organized for several
Brotherhood Discussions Begin Today
of the Bryn Mawr Community Church in Chicago, and formerly vice-moderator of the General Aseembly of the Presbyterian Church of the United States, will be one of three principal speakers at the ob-
servance of National Brotherhood , . . Week by the University students years, changing their music style as
tyy in music changed. Lucas started his musical career in the town of Ottowa, Kansas, at the age
Director Sevitzky
- , XI.- ui Minor,” by Grieg. The third
program of college training will be -fu P>^°blems
piogiam college tiainmg, will be ^,11 directed by home economics Number One In C Minor.”
didates^ At the time of the test each ]y[isses Meta Martin and Frieda candidate will be given a choice of gtoll. A clinic showing/ attractive
+haVrth6re are in FnHand but taking the and easily made garments for chilcamps than theie aie m England, obligate the candidate ^ ; jjj j jyj Esther
have given examinations and have ^-o enlist in the service,
awarded degrees for work success-
fully completed. More and more technical literature, especially of the sciences, is needed for this work. Each student on campus who finlisheg with books at the end of this semester is asked to donate at least
PI A Will Entertain At Dance Tomorrow
Purdue Independent Association
one to the war prisoners who are will sponsor another of its series of
Admission
Admission to the convo will he by student passport, social reci;ea-
dren will be given by Mrs. Esther tion cards and season tickets. Single Singer, home demonstration agent admissions will be on sale at the of St. Joseph County. The entire door for $1.10, including tax.
clothing program will stress care
and wise use of materials on hand. ^ f • cation series, the date for the InjlOma Delta dlanapoHs orchestra’s appearance
was moved up from March 17. The
journalism honorary, an- final convocation, Julian Bryan’s
to 5 p. m. March 3 to 10, and, in addition, from 8 to 10 p. m. March 6 and 7, during which time hooks will be sold. The practice of keeping the exchange open from 8 to 10 in the evening on Monday and Tuesday, March 6 and 7, is a new experiment being tried this semester.
System Continues
Union workers are continuing the and, faculty this week-end. All three system begun last semester of col- will take part in programs which
lecting hooks before the end of the begin tonight and culminate in a -xi-x semester, and students are urged to mass meeting on world problems on ® y P aying in e own an
Sunday evening in Eliza Fowler ^
jjgjj After graduating from college,
Lucas knocked around in vaudeville
Observation will begin officially held several jobs with name with fireside round-table discussions bands. He and his brother Lyn orin student houses tonight. Dorothy ganized a hand called the “CaliforHendrickson, student, and Rabbi jjfa Dons” which soon became recog-
deadline has been set because jn the Meyer H. Simon of Lafayette have jijged as one of the top hands of the past students have neglected to niianged foi leaders to visit most year later the ’^Califorcome for books and money until of the student houses on campus. Dons” title was dropped and it long after exchange had closed. The majority of houses on the cam- became known as the “Clyde Lucas
Student Union wishes to empha- cooperated well with the Orchestra.” committee-in-charge. Tickets may be purchased in the Discussions In Union executive building at the cashier’s For independent students and office and the price is $2.20 per
those who eat in restaurants and couple.
bring in books to be sold as quickly as possible, since those brought in early will have a better chance of
being sold.
All books and money must be collected by 6 p. m.„ March 10. This
size the fact that the exchange is not operated for profit. Books will be bought and sold at 75 per cent
of their purchase price.
The exchange operated Novem- cafeterias A/S Dick Wallace has
her was the most successful in 3 years so far as the turnover of books and money were concerned, according to Union executives.
anxious to spend their time profit- regular date dances tomorrow night nounces the initiation of Robert film lectured on South America, was ably by continuing with their stud- from 8 to 11 p. m. in the West Fac- Fisher, Eh Neese and Raymond advanced from Maj^h 30 to March
ies which were interrupted by war. ulty Lounge of the Xfiiion.
Schneider.
26, according to ]®Pof. J. T. Gunn, chamman of the convocation com-
mittee.
Freshmen Postpone Green Potters' Ball Until Next Semester
planned to bring several discussion leaders to the faculty lounges in the ynion. Special arrangements have been made so that all service men may come to the faculty lounges at 6 p. m. to participate in the “bull
sessions”.
Two separate forums will be held at 7:30 p. m. Dr. Graves of the mathematics department will lead a
Mail Lists For Relay Queen Candidates To Debris Office Today
Lists of candidates for queen of the Purdue Relays must be mailed
Oh, Grandma ... Day /Nineties Review Features
Bustle Days Of Old Boilermakers
By Peg Miner Have you been over to see the Library’s latest exhjbit? Don’t miss it. The downstairs show case coptains photographs depicting “How the University Looked in the
IfiSO’a.”
Campus newcomers and old timerfe alike vftll be interested in seeing the embryonic University and the pflimary species of Boilermaker. Thfe display, among other things, pictures the early electrical laboratoi’y, drawing room, shops, the old power plant, and Ladies’ Hall, built in 1872 as a dormitory for women. No Slacks, Joe-Coats Here is a fashion note for pies-ent-day eds: The well-groomed gentleman student of the Gay Nineties (see the snapshot of a class in graphical analysis) arrived at his eight o’clock in a black suit—with coat—a high, stiff white collar and black tie. The same gentleman
oratory was destroyed by fire in 1894. In 1897 the campus dwelleis turned out, lining both sides of the railroad track, to say a last good-bye to Schenectady, which had been sold
to a locomotive works.
discussion on “The Necessity of
Brotherhood Today” in room 261 of foday to Carolyn Richardson at the the Union; H^Verend Stolldorf of Debris office in the Union, according the English Lutheran Church will relay queen committee.
Green Potters Bal^ scheduled for lead the other discussion on “The Three coeds may be nominated tomorrow night, has been postponed Necessity of Brotherhood in the each sorority, five from Stuuntil March, according to Ed Eas- World of Tomorrow” in room 263 in Cooperative Association and ley. Reasons for the postponement the Union. from the independents. Judging were not disclosed. Tomorrow at 4 representatives select the 12 nominees for queen When the ball is held in March, from each discussion group will held in the North Ballroom the freshman queen will be crowned,. meet^ in the faculty lounge to co- Union Monday at 7:30 p. m. At a smoker held February 4, ten ordinate the results of all previous contestants will wear formale girls were nominated for queen, meetings. They will use this^ipfor- judging.
^ They are Jo Ann Walters, Lugene mation to prepare a formal A’eport.
doors will open at 1:16. The Lafay- Briggs, Sam Hayes, Peggy Ii^in, The mass bmtherhood meeting on Schedule Of ClaSSeS
Peggy Buck, Donna Wiggam, Bar- Sunday evening at 8, which will be bara Currie, Phoebe Knowles, Mar- sponsored by the Religious Council,
<At 2 tomorrow afternoon, the 86piece Indianapolis Symphony will appear at a special concert for school children, sponsored by the Lafayette Women’s Symphony Unit. Tickets may be bought at the door. Admission will be 36 cents for children and 66 cents for adults. The
ette Transit Company will operate special busses for the convo.
Harry E. Wilson
former student of the Univer-
ty Snyder and Ann Riedman. Votes for the queen will be taken at the door of the ball, and she will be crowned during the evening.
will climax the week’s program. There will be no admission charge and all ^meetings are open to the public.
. . , for next semester will not be distributed to students although copies of it are now available for use in the registrar's office in the
Administration Building.
If you’ve ever noticed, some of the J Flight Officer at Strother campus buildings have a particular- army air field was killed on Febru-
Gay ’Nineties Pin-Up
ly veneiable and antique appearance. On climbing the 'stairs you note deep hollows worn in the timehonored wood steps by generations
of Boilermakers.
So diffeient in structure from the new engineering buildings, the Mu-
sic Hall, and the Union, these edi- corps
fices include University Hall, Heavilon Hall, and Purdue Hall. Back in the good old days, Fowler Hall was the main University auditorium, accommodating the student body. 'feam Faces Action In ’Nineties One of the best pictures is a photograph of a football team of the
ary 16 in a collision over the field. Flight Officer Wilson came from Mooresville, and entered the University in the fall of 1942. He was an engineering student and a member of Pla Delta Theta fraternity at the time of his enlistment in the air
Prof. Nio Chih Li Tells Experiences In China During Visit To Campus
By Margaret Baynes
Mudball
varied his mode of attire by the ad- a handlebar mustache or sideburns. ’Nineties in aejion. In another one dition of a black derby when he Heio’s news. Did you know that sees the first President of the Uniwent out to survey. the first ancient predecessor of the versity, Dr. Smai't, presiding over a Of interest to the coed popula- Boilermaker Special “locomotive” faculty meeting, tion would be a picture of Professor was a real steam engine named Here is a painless, instinctive, Troop teaching a class in horticul- “Schenectady No. 1”. Schenectady and, we confess, amusing method of ture. Proper attire for gentlewom- was a campus personality for six getting some vital local history that en consisted of an ornate piece of years in the ’Nineties. It arrived in will help especially the service men headgear, a high-necked diess, and September, 1891, and was placed in to capture the atmosphere of the a glamorously pinched waist. The the main steam laboratory of the Old University. But don’t chortle too professor who made the best im- Mechanical Engineering School hard—your own grandchildien will jiression wore a beard—or at least where it was operated until the lab- think you’re hilarious.
hay clarence you should have seen the
soldiers and sailoi’s the
other morning going
to class across
Siberia or stuart field they had to go single file
because the
snow was so deep i kicked the first one a sailor and they all
stacked up at
the other end like dominoes i laughed and laughed until my cousin
snowball hit
me love mudball
His name is Mo Chih Li; he goes The school was moved to Shangsha take theix- exams in the evening, under the title of professor of high- in central China where the three Falling in with China's reconway engineering, national Tsing famous battles were fought. Once struction plans, the government Hua University, Kunming, China; again the university was moved, does not draft students; China's and he resembles the keenly intelli- This time three or four days before large manpower is used for the gent figure of Confucious, minus the Japs entered. The people burned fighting, while the students are the beard. Not only/that, But he was their city, completely to the ground, being saved for post-war building, graduated from our own University and drove out the Japs. There are about 500 girls in the uni-
The astounding part of the uni- versity, 10 taking engineering. Li versity being moved was that the has"four girls in his civil engineer-
students walked all the way, a dis- ing classes.
tance over 800 miles, in what is China’s soldiers, except officers, known as the “Famous Trek of do not get furloughs; it is too far 1938". Baggage and part of the staff to walk home, and it would delay the
ered from his amazement at the were transported in carts, hut the war. They are fed from local food Music Hall, he started telling us students walked. supplies. Luxury foods, if there about his university in China. Now at Kunming, Tsing Hua is wei'e any, would soften them. University Moved frequently bombed, which makes it Professor Li showed us a piece National Tsing Hua University difficult for the 3000 students to of Jap shrapnel which had just was in Peiping, China where the take tests. When an air raid comes, missed him, then went off to visit great war started on July 7, 1937, they head for open country, and his old professors.
on January 24, 1931, with distinc-
tion.
Professor Li is back for a few days re-visiting his old campus for the second time since he left it thirteen years ago. When he had recov-
/-
« X ft
A'/''m
'%!' f
Purdue Exponent
ly.
Thursday, Fehruaryr 17,71944
Wi‘
de- Exponent " ^ combined with Purdue jndependenl ...^ ^,. "^" """ ' ■■■". ^ ' Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Pieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p, m., 5377
Editor .^. — Busincs!) Manncer:.—: News Editor:.....'...: — Managinff Editor : : Sports Editor
Ellis Murphy :.Mary Dilts William H. Tyson ^...Carolyn Wilbur Bussell M. Lipes, Jr.
■ Publication Staff ' ■ ^.. EAUorial Staff AaBociate ^Jrfilors: slack Abbott, Ruth M, Ford, Madcb^ A. Grotnes, James T. Richardson. Margaret Y. Stelles. JanuAckerman. Frank Vegh, X'hyllis Mann, Martha Lee Riggs, Katy Howes. , . Associate Sports Editors: James F. Ackerman, Paul Garber, ^Mlliair Garber, AVarren C. Wright. Service Staff: Morri.s Better, Gabriel Elias, Leo Friedman, Jack' Martire, Jay >rGwman, Jerry Koetting, Bob Baker. Eusiness Staff Advertising Manager: C, L. Gaunt. * Assistant Advertising Manager: Betty Manejr. Circulation Alanagcr;. R. G. Sauermdn. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Bnyncfi Issue Editor: Lcetfc Bay Editor: Miner City Editor: Yargai Sport* Editor: Gal:bcr Service Editor : Garretl li^'orkera: Grntr.n, Ehrman, Streeter, Ober, Golbers, Jameson, 'Criswell, Richavilson. Staff Photographer: Marvin Pessea ’ J Editor, The Purdue Independent , Lyle Crist Ent^t^ SB second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 18T0 and at the- special rate .of postage provided for iti' eeCtioT. 1108, act. of October. 3. 1917,' authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, 'niursday and Saturday mbmings during the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for $1.25 for a semester; by mail for $1.00-'fw-a eemestcr. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union. Ri;presented for national advertising by National' Advertising Service. Inc.; College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison-A-ve.j-New-York,. .: ...j , •
GRIN
• y PItEWa PEARSON
Gov. Dewey Gets In Tighl' Corner With Newsmen On Soldier Vote; Avoids Stand By 'No Comrfldilf' WASHINGTON—Th(?re was one tumultous press conference with Governor Torn Dewey, recently, which never got into print. It was oyer the Soldier’s Vote Bill and the racket-busting, prosecutor, who has sent many a gangster to jail, skidded all over the place trying to dodge taking a position. The conference occurred just after De\yey telegraphed Senator Styles Bridges of New Hampshire that a federal ballot which would not list state, county and other local offices, ^as not in accordance with New York law. , , , ; . - Senator Bridges promptly , posted the Dewey delegram on a Senate bulletin board, whereupon Albany newsmen who had been trying unsuccessfully for days - to get Dewey’s views on the Soldier’s Vote, imme-
diately pounced on him.
When cJrnered at a press conference in Albany, the ypung governor finally explained that upon the previous Saturday night he had been on the verge of favoring the federal ballot for soldiers. But on Saturday Mrs, Dewey had heard a radio speech .by an Illinois Congressraarr w,hich she felt was very effective
against the federal ballot.
Therefore, Governor Dewey said he was trying to , v,. vl t f make up his mind. (Presumably, he had been/ trying I Uite to play Hard to get
3:Q0-P.M. 6:45 P.M. 7:00 RM. 7:3.0P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. ?r00'P;Mi. 7:30 P.M.
Thursday, February 17 Screen Review........ Ag 'W inter Course Society. Assembly roomv,-As Tippe. Co. Foremen’s Club Dr. Prestoh Bradley., Bhligious Council Meeting... .,.......,:.....Ro9ms,;26l-2^3|;. ^ , ASME Meeting.... Room 215,,Physics'Building Fraternity Advisors’ Sleeting,.... : ’ tr, Friday,'„February. '18'., ■ indianapplis 'Symphony-—Children’s Concert..-...Hdil pf! Mfisiie Indian^.oljs ,^y|Ltphonyi;,....n..p..^.:......^.......x|------- -HalI of Saturday, February 19 Post-War Planhlng.......... ........Estat' FacuTty LoUrig'etjjO'^fbti Penny Carnival ...Women’s Gyrnhafej^m T.aUvEp9jiIon Phi Dance. Chi:,Omega Dance k..'.Rqoiti:, 356^363,'^ Hb'|,oii Union Mixer.. North and South Ballrb.pmk,^tf^idn Phi Kappa Psi and Phi Gamma Delta Danile..Faculty Lounges
Both ttbd il,e]i:UblieaiH and D^bioeratic parties, bjavej cl'^tned tbe distinction of being tbe first to state speciii'fcaily:! wiat . sbould be tbe United States’ foreign policy after tbe war^'Followers of tbe Deinocratic nriacbine point to tbe Atlantic Q^a^ter and other sueb vague works as the basis' for tbigir contienlSidn 4-n^w. that they took the first step in —“■ '' •
Kissing, them IS apt to make them , •„ i. n iw
- - * - -, , 1 • 1 -r,! i j ■ i. -u ' ' -i-i. A a post war foreign policy. The and the world wiH be well on the to give Senator Bridges information about New York think it S possible to spend an evening at home, Without even -narlv fnllnwfjrq way toward another war: law rather than taking, a stand himself..) . going to the movies.” KepuWican party loilowers
Here We Go Again
Once again the management: of the Purdue Exponent has been placed in new hands; and, although some changes will be and have been made, there will be no radical departures from the usual ixilicies of the paper. By its repeated high rating- by the Associated Collegiate Press it has been,proved that the Exponent is a good college newspaper—marked departure from thb standards set since 1889 probably would mean,a drop in rating and in actual readability. All oi this does not mean that anyone on thenew staff, or on the old for that matter, has ever thought that the Exponent does not have its faults. Needless errors have been committed. No newspaper is perfect whether it be , amateur, semi-professionai, or. professional. ..All that any staff can do is to reduce the frequency of errors, and to develop a paper which i.? compi§t'§i'.4-Ccurate, and without a dearth of enteiffaining feature matter. , . I-he 'Exponent always has held its own, and even surpass.ed other college newspapers even though there are. few journalism courses on campus, and very few students attending the University expect to make, newospaper work a career. No scholastic credit is given for work on' the- cainpus newspaper, and .there is no monetary lure. Persons, on the Exponent staffs, in the past and at present, are there primarily because they like the work. Consequehtiy, 'they want to see the Exponent stand above the ayerage — so far they have succeeded. The newly elected staff not only will try to keep the Exponent on the plane that the retming senior staff has maintained ; but will, as ail staff.s in the. past, attempt to improve the ^^^aper to the best of its ability.—j.t.r..
At this pbifil hewsmpnT were toTd that’t^^^ off the record, including even the questions asked of Dewey. They claimed that their oWn questions should not be off the h-ecord, whereupon Governor Dewey
. replied:
“I don’t see why not. That’s the rule at White House press conferences.” ‘‘Oh,-so you’ve been studying press conference rules at the White House?” chorused several newsmen sig-
nificantly.
The argument continued at great length over whether the questions asked by newsmen were off the rec; ord. Finally New York Times’ Warren Moscow told
Dewey in disgust:
“This is the. lowest ebb in press relations ever
reached at Albany.”
After about twenty minutes,:of argument Dewey finally agreed that newsmen could publish the fact that he had been asked a question on the.Soldier’s Vote
and that the reply was “No comment.”
Note—Actually Governor Dewey had his facts tw'isted on White House press.rules. Newsmen always . quote que.stions asked of President Roosevelt, whether he replies or not, including recent questions about
running for a fourth term.
Toddy’s Screen Revie#
sneer at the President’s half- Congress, the’, .two mam political hharted;ittempts;and:say;that-f^^^'^^;J".^"’^‘"^^ . „ . ^ ^ ■ let things ride if they wish, but. they the first real step was taten by the themselves swifiging into a Republicans at^Mackinac Island last similar to that Which followed
News
8
3:37
4:62
Trifles that Win Wars .7.....
11
3:46
5:00
Champions Carry On....:
: 9
3:66
5:11
Johnny Long and Orchestra . .
...;..10.
4:05
5:20
Mountain Fighters..
20
3:00
4:15
5:30
Popular Science No. 4.......
10
3:20
4:36
Hiss and Make Up
3:30
4:46
6:60
■ . .
75 '
Out
5:57
falL
But after all the boasts and claims are made, what real attempts at
Independent Inklings
question, and, then look for an answer. You will, unfortunately, never find the answer because while both parties have made boastful statements- about what they have done, they cannot point to one definite stpp taken in the direction of post war
foreign affairs.
.You might shrug your shoulders, and say that there is plenty of time for a definite stand on world politics by the United States. You might also say that the whole thing will
ByL yle Crist come along in fine style after we see
PlA .activities return to the Union tomorrow night when RT'^'Ao shape things they will sponsor another record dance in the 'West Faculty v,-or»d. But you will be wrong.. T r,, , ..j , , The other countries now on Pur side Lounge. Stags and couples alike will he admitted for the usual perfectly willing to meet U. S-, Senator George of Georgia can be one of the fieriest .The. time . 8 to 11. , ci i Qf + • i Ji •
and most persuasive orators in the Senate, when he .' Help: Roselawn Howse at 205 bheetz Street IS badly lU depend less and less .011 this country,
sets his mind to it. And he was in rare form when.he of a fourth for bridge (Female, please), since one of their
took the floor, to protest against , an administra.tion better-players is moving to the
move to continue consumer subsidies.for thjb remain- Alpha Chi house. Eight Coeds “blood” and vice. Versa? Think of
are no-w‘ residing at Roselawn demoralizing eifects this would and they all claim that their concerned! . ... Science
hoiisemother, Mrs. Hutson
that first World War. Expeinence should teach us something. So.far experience has been forgotten. The prevailing'attitude has been one of “everything will come Out all right, if things are allowed to take their
own course.”
The Republican and Democratic party leaders seein to be scared of taking a step toward a definite and complete foreign policy afte^. the war because they do not feel, confident of how deep the people of the United States Will want to plunge into world internationalism. America'ns might not know, how deep they want to plunge but the. sooner they decide tlie sooner pressure can be put on the right spots to get specific commitments. . ,
Fiery Georgian
have on all concerned!
marches on!
j , t, , \ ■ T , Glen wood ■ House, registers only ( Hutty to you) rs the best their faulty alarm
yet.” We make no comment on that and will try to keep what friends we have. . . .. Sue Steffin is Roselawn’s
clock and their alarm clock. In other words, they haven’t been making the eight o’clocks. Incidentally, Shirley Vansickle of Glenwood is
tary-Treasurer oi the house. Helen leaving the house at the end of the Shepard represents the girls in term to help her man get his “Wings”
AWS. Incidentally, they want it down Texas way.
The weather the past few days has. brought the inevitable—snow-
of the ASTP s have been shipped to fights. The large-scale, affair -he- Conn.; and Stephen Schaefer, Ja-
Sorry
It has been called to our attention that a 7ratli'e'r''amh'i'g'u'0'U'8''P'ara'gra;p'h'iffTuesda^’'s-edi-toriai could easiljj be interpreted in such a way as to indicate a sympathetic attitude toward totalitarianism. This is,far from the case. We believe that it i.5 all editor’s duty to perpetuate the rights of freedom of the press and freedom of speech, . We believe that the lack of these two things is, responsible in a great part for the presentday chaos. The editorial appearing in the last paper was interpreted hy some to mean that we did not believe in these freedoms.
,derofl944.
Georg-e’s'address unquestionably accounted fo.r the lopsided 49-26 defeat of the proposal. The grayTha-ired . gentleman from.Georgia pulled all the stops. The sheervoltage of his eloquence was enough to route the oppo-.
sition. ; , .
. “Transparent hypocrisy . . . politics of the rawest kind . . . a-ppeaseinent of labor,” were some of the ex-
pressions the Senator hurled at the galleries and his president and Judy Steffey is Secre
colleagues. “All grade cattle have fallen far below the cost of production. Why? Because of the existence of the miserable .subsidies . . .appropriate this now and
see how rapidly the subsidy totpls will mount.How known that “Izzy” Oldham is back can we prevent the payment of subsidies on rents, on in circulation again now that some
clothing, on drugs?”
The Senator’.s tirade had all the. earmarks ,of right Ft. Knox.
. transcending-thef'prces-of evil, truth triumphing over From Butler- The Butler Indepolitics. However, what the gallery-spectators didn’t Association at Indianapolis
know and what Georggs-colleagues apparently forgot, -^3 they recently soon- commenting on tactics-u.sed by the m...that the Senator made an equal persuasive speech bcllie-erents. Attack seemed,, t. - W.
for subsidies—on July 16, 1942, sored a cjiih supper for the Air On July. 15, 1942, -.the record Shows that Senator, Cadets stationed there . . . hmmmni, George delivered another ringing oration in wh;(ch. he must have left it stand in the cold was able to persuade the Senate that the government too long. And fi'o-m another campus: should pay an estimated $300,000,00.0 in subsidies to Ohio State Independents got togeththe big- oil'^mpanies. The oil. cpnip.anies were worried ei’ and helped harvest the late crops. over higher transportation costs bn the Atlantic sea- They’re also periodically giving' board because of the sinking of oil tankers. blood to the Red. Cross—all of which So George argued that a subsidy was necessary to brings up an interesting question, lirotect OPA “maximum prices” on oil and ho com,. What if the-independenf’s blood goes mended Jesse Jones, chief sponsor of the oil subsidy to a fral man in battle? Would that which, declared Senator George, “will ultimately lead mean that many u frat man i-eturn-
to the proper solution of the,problem.”
The Senator from Georgia was just as eloquent f01subsidies to the big oil companies then as he was eloquent against subsidies to the dairy farmer and otheismall producers last week. Though exactly opposite in
each case, he won his point.
Note — Southern and far-western Senators also slipped plenty of exemptions into the Subsidy Bill so that subsidies will still be paid on cotton seed, peanuts, soy beans, sugar, beet sugar, wool and other products coming from their states.
Tau Epsifosi Phi . 'i.^. social, fraternity, announcteK
the election .of. the following oft\cers: A1 Shapiro, chancellor; A1 Jens, vice-chancellor; Dave Leavitt, scribe; 'Jimmy Rosenbaum, bursar; Army Kamp, stewar.d; ai-id Ted Krengel, house manager. They also announce the initiation of: Sheldon Cooper and Meyer Goloubow, South Bend; David Doliii, Chicago, 111.; Herbert Grand, Yonkers, New York; Haa-old Greens-tein, New Britain,
TODAY- FRI.- SAT.
IlwISm
ing to college -after the war Would shy away from his brothers and go towards the group of his own
tween the Army arid (fiJavy in front of the Army’s' bastion,; the .Kappa Sig house, had many an • orHooker
bclligerents. Attack seemed to be the word. As yet we have no casualty list on this battle. Another messy batll.e. pitted the hardy girls from Coedda Hou.se against the eds of Hodge-Podge Lodge. About the only thing gained in that fight was a good
appetite.
~ . r , PUBLIC ADDRESS SYSTEMS
All Occasions'.' . . Reaso'nOble'Rates
PARTIES—DANCES—MEETINGS Excellent Record Collection FRANKLIN SOUHD SERVICE
157 S. Pierce St. PhpnO 75634 1
maica, Long Island. MAKE MIILER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MIllER MUSIC CO. 514 Main Lafayette Phone 7917
Alberf .P. Hoover . .". has graduated from the Naval Air Training Center, Corpus Christi.'and Ijeen.conimissioned a.lieutenant in the U. .S. Marine Corp.s Reserve. He is a fornie»student of the Univer.sity, having enrolled here in engineering in the fall of 19-'i2, later leg-|i'ing the University for army sei-vice. Marine SgL How^ard Haldemari . . . . has licen promoted to his present rank from Corporal. The 22-ycar old Leatherneck, now attached to a Marine aviation unit, was graduated from Akron Higli School, and attended the University. Before enlisting in Ocloljer, 1942, at. Indianapolis, he wa.s employed by tlie. American Fork and Hoe Company, Ashtabula, Ohio. Hale S. Jewett . . . c-la.iJ,s'of ’40, ha.s been jn’omoted to captain. He wag a member of the RO'l'C instructional staff of . the University, a.nd was called to active duty in. April, us uji instructor in the field, artillery at B'ort . Bj-agg, N, C. Prior to entei'ing the army, he was county supervisor of the Farm Security Administration at JI.atwHie.' '
No State Department Comics One thing that troubled State Department Coordinator Jim Landis, during his stay in Cairo, was lack of comic strips. He could put up with poor food and the non-delivery of his baggage, but that matter of the comic strips was harder to take. Before going to Cairo, Landis had made a pact with his two daughters, Stella and Ellen, to.clip “Terry and the Pirates” and send it to hint every day. But, never a strip came. When he got back to Washington, he exclaimed: “So that’s the kind of daughters I have! Why didn’t you send me Terry?” The girls protested, “But we did, daddy —every day!” 'They saidthat they clipped the Washington Post dailj', sent the letters to the State Department, unsealed, for inclusion in the diplomatic pouch. “The State Department!” said Landis, smelling a l at. He investigated. He found what h,e suspected. The State Department had raised its eyebrow.s at the sight of eoniics in the'diplomatic pouch. Terry had been consigned to the waste ba.sket. Note-—Perhaps it’s a sense of Iminor which is the long-sought secret'ti-ouble with the State Departmept. (Copyright, 1941, United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
DANCE RECITAL, TOES., FEB. 29lh
8:00 P. M. AT STUDIO — PUBLIC INVITED
CHILDREN'S CLASSES BALLET AND TAP OPEN SATURDAY, MARCH 4Ui
NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL IN OUR ADULT TAP AND BALLRbOM CLASSES ALLEN'S SCHOOL OF DANCING PHONE 2150 61-h and FERRY STS.
ARC TODAY THRU SATURDAY FIRST RUN WESTERN iBSai^sers'
•—and — JIMMY ROGERS
ALSO
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW
sm-In A3 CHAPTER? ' r-pLUS:— ‘■■i-'i. CARTOON AND NEWS
TODAY - FRI. - SAT:
TEX RITTER MOOREI FUZZY KNIGHT
PLUS
, deita I:/ RHVTHM BOVS I JAN G/|RREt » flndHU'Of<H«Uro ' I JACK'U ^ TEAGARDEN'LI
if
M
^itehUdker SpMs
Pa^i iivMttiiiaiiiti^
BdUk^ffiakfit Face Hawkey^s Tomorrow Nighl
Wrestieri Swimmers Iml S^asdii Safm^ddy The ]feiveters^ wresthfftg and swimming sqaad!s> both hopeful of finishing well up m the first division, will wind up their combfitit:(ve season^ on Saturday in t)ie Big Ten championships to
bjfi staged at Northwestern University
? 1110 Boilermaker matmcn, who won four out of six starts during the dual meet season, base their main hopes on the
individual title possibilities of
Hoffman, Haag, Horn Lead Boilermakers In Non-League Til
tpree Undefeated iJerfoi“mers: meets, winduig up with a 5i 33 vie Dsta Nettesheira, 136 pounds; tory over Illinois, entertain no hopes 4rt Aeme, 145 pounds, and ^ teaip triumph, but are hopeful - 1 , -r of making a stiong fight for third eTaek Shepard, 166 pounds. In honois behind Michigan and Northadditiori to this undefeated western h trip, Coach Claude Keeck plans to Medley and Free Style Dependable enter men m four of the other fi,ve The Boilermaker medley and free w.eight drvisjons The possibilities style relay combinations are both iijolude Cgrl Diang, Chinese student, capable of picking up some place Ip. pounds. Bob Eoberts oi Bruce points, with the remainder of the porter, 166 pounds, Joe Hersch or Purdue strength largely concen Hob Wyles, 175 pounds, and Dave trated m the middle distance and Wdspn, Bob flumphreville, or Jim distance free style swims Gapt McMilien, heavyweights Phil Hansel and William Porter, Swimmers Hopesful of Third Place consistent point producers during s Coach Dick Papenguth's swim the dual meet season, are both ex Hirers, who displayed substantial im pected to be strong contenders for provement rn the final two dual places m the 220 and 440 yard free
for ^ 'for AmSEMENT ^
Youll be glad later if you JOIN the BOOK-OF-THE-MONTH CLUB NOWl
eOOK STORE
Across from the Union Buildins
The balanced scoring power that" has cai r led the Boilermaker basket ball youngster s to the top of the Big Ten ladder is clearly rllustrated rn the scoring table for the Strenuous non conference schedule which was wound up with a brilliant losing battle against the veteran Great Lakes quintet on Monday night Six Men Consistent Scorers Par from depending upon any one individual, six men have been con sistent contributors in the scoring column, ranging from Bill Lodge, versatile center, who averaged slightly better than 10 points per game until he was benched by a scholastic restriction, to Paul Friend, veteran guard, and Steve Frazier lanky center, who have averaged almost exactly five points per game Charlie Haag, sophomore guard leads the scoring m the nine style events while Ted Salmon has a chance to break into the summary
in the century
The Riveters’ other point possibilities in the swimming championships include Claude Bower, freshman fancy diver Hugh Woolveiton and Bob Huntington first year backstiokeis and James McMullen in
the breast stroke
IM Schedules By virtue of their wins Tuesday night, four fraternity and four independent teams will meet in their respective semi final games tonight Court 1— 7 20—Delta Tau Delta vs Kappa Sigma Court 2— 7 20—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Delta Theta Court 3— 7 20'—Dover ettes vs Mar stellar Maroons 7 35'—Luma vs War nock Winners m the fraternity games will play the finals on court 1 after a rest period ^
non conference games with 80 points closely followed by Paul Hoffman, rugged freshman forward,
with 77
The complete scoring table for Purdue’s non conference schedule
follows
GP PG FT FTM PF TP <) 31 18 11 20 80'
) 31 15 21 1 77 0 2b 12 13 64 6 19 16 3 9 63 9 18 8 7 19 44 9 1) 6 3 21 44 8 1 1 13 17
Big Ten Standings Team Leaves Tomorrow^
Today In Split Sections Navy and Marine members of the Boilermaker basketball squad will have to move as fast between trams as they do on the hardwood in order to compete against both Iowa and Wis^ consin this week-end as the Boilermakers defend their Big Ten
leadership
Accordmgito arrangements completed yesterday, the Boilermaker speedsters will travel to
W
L
Pet
Purdue
7
1
875
Northwestern
6
1
857
Ohio State
8
2
800
Wisconsin
7
2
778
Iowa
7
2
778
Michigan «
4
7
364
Illinois
2
5
286
Indiana
0
9
000
Chicago
0
6
000
Minnesota
0
6
000
Player Position Chailes Haag pt
Paul HoLfman f ) Dennis Horn f 9 Bill Lodge c f 6 Stephen Frazier c 9 Paul Friend g 9 Jack Kennedy f c 8 John McPherson f c 7 Mitchell Sokol f 2 S im Vacanti f 1 Tames Gustafson f 3 John Charcholla f 5 Edsel Schweizei f I Robert Myers £ 2 Wm Kiieghbaum f 1 Rich ird Oppen p, 1 Chalmers Elliott u b James Walley g G Donald Schrenk g 2 William Cline f 1 Marsh ill Taylor c 2 Ted Puchowsko g 2
11
0 0
0 0 0 0
Non C( nference Opponents
) 1G4 81 ) 1T9 409 ) 159 82 3 118 400
OUT IN FRONT! t i’hat^s where the CAFETERIA menus^ are. Despite wartime Shortages you'll find variety and good eating.
JhsL* PuJvduSL TJfbmifwoiL lAnxML Kl The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
End of an Enemy In a split second this enemy plane will be blasted from the skies by a shell from one of out antiaircraft guns on the ground How can a gun hit a plane going 300 miles an hour 20,000 feet up . when it takes the shell 5 seconds to get up there and in that time the plane has gone more than a mile’ Besides, the shell Lvfs m Its Sight Wind blows it Gravity pulls on it Even the weather affects its velocity The answer is the Gun Director-an electrical brain which aims the guns Swiftly it p ots the plane s height and course Instantly it solves the Lmplex mathematical problem, contmuom y matching the curved path of the shell to that; of the plane so the two will meet. It even times the fuse to explode the shell at the exact instant. The electrical Gun Director has greatly increased the deadhnessofanti aircraft gunfire jin its development at Bell Telephone Laboratories and its production at Western Electric, college trained men and women have played important parts. Buy Vfar Bonds regularly—all you can! Western Eteanc'^^
Grandstand Echoes By Russ Lipes PIGGY HAS A PROBLEM on his hands as fai as this week’s games with Iowa and Wisconsin are concerned However, we are referring to the transportation problem, not the contests themselves, although the transportation question is prob ably the key to the outcome of the games And to go a little farther, the outcome of these two games is going to determine the 1944 Big Ten basketball championship lace It’s rathei late to start griping about a situation that was known to exist over two months ago, when the conference cage schedule was le leased, but the full details of the pioblem weren’t apparent until attempts were made to arrange the 1,200 mile trip that the Boilermakers must make this week end in meeting Iowa and Wisconsin This is the only split-schedule that any team in the Big Ten is forced to undertake in two successive nights, outside of the Chicago Northwestern trip of Ohio State which involved no extia tiavel 48-HOUR EXCURSION Existing train schedules aie such that navy men making the excui Sion, in view of their “48 hour lule,” must ride coaches all day Friday, must board them again immediately following the game and ride until Saturday noon, and then ride coaches all Saturday night and early Sunday morning No Pullmans on these runs either Oh, yes the fellows are also expected to play in two very tough basketball games between tram rides' Civilians have things a little easier as they can leave for Iowa City today and stay over in Madison Saturday night IOWA OFFICIALS SAY NO Early last week Iowa officials weie asked if they would consider post poning the Hawkeye Riveter game until Tuesday night February 22 but they replied in the negative Latest reports indicate that 14,000 tickets for the game have been sold at lova City and about the same number at Madison In our last talk with Piggy he indicated that he was pointing for the Wisconsin game as he figures that this is the game to win He will take only the civilians and a skeleton navy squad to Iowa, saving the out standing navy boys for Saturday night’s game at Madison BOILERMAKERS HOLD KEY 10 CHAMPIONSHIP Looking over the remaining conference schedule we can’t see where it makes much difference as to whether the squad plays to win from Iowa or Wisconsin We would like to see them wm both and they certainly would be able to if so much tiaveling weien t involved The only sure way for Pin due to win that crown is to win both of these games Michigan Illinois Chicago Minnesota and Indiana are out of the race Northwestern though still among the leaders, has lost the better part of its squad and can be discounted This leaves the Boileimakers with one loss and Ohio State Iowa and Wisconsin with two losses apiece still in the running 'The Buckeyes have to meet Illinois twice but the Illmi just don’t seem to have enough power to stop them And so we’re back again to the Purdue Iowa Wisconsin triangle We’ll either take the Boilermakers all the way if they can get by Iowa or a three way tie between Ohio State Iowa and the Boilermakers SPAITERINGS Heie s the type of zeal that we like to hear about loyv^^idVot have enough men out for wrestlmg to permit haring dual meets but Coach Mike Howard has continued to work with his prospects and he has two freshmen that he is going to enter nr the conference tournament this
week end
Service Men — MARK YOUR CLOTHES PERMANENTLY by rubber stamping them with black or white INDELIBLE INK Mo Waitmsf Get Your Stam/f Tedufrl Only 4^ PER CHARACTER-HOLDER FREE We also have a compiefe stock of
INDELIBLE INKS INDELIBLE CLOTH STAMPING SETS , COME In today— YOUR NAME ^TAMP IS'^HERE at \Ii G. REISNER BOOK STORE 325 Stotfe St.
Iowa City in two sections for tomorrow night's game with the iHawkeyes, five cxviliait memloers of the squad leaving here today, and the V-12 and V 5 trainees leaving tomdrrovr m a hurried trip that will place them in loWa City just before game time Coach Ward Lambert and the civilian quintet, made up of Paul Hoffman, Charles Haag, and Dennis Horn, the three leading scorers, and two reserve forwards, John McPherson, freshman, and MitcheR Sokol, sophomore, -will comprise the initial group to leave here today Dienhart Leads Service Men In order to keep within the 48hour tiaveling lule, the sailors and marines, in charge of assistant coach Joe Dienhai-t, will leave Chicago 24 hpurs later, at 1 55 o'clock tomorrow afternoon, being scheduled to arrive in Iowa City at 6 o’clock The second group will be made up of Paul Friend, Jack Kennedy Stephen Frazier, Edsel Schweizer, James Walley, Chalmers Elliott Sam Vacanti Marshall Taylor, and Bob Myers Squad Returns To Chicago Almost immediately following the Iowa game the entire squad wiU head back for Chicago, and wbrie Lambert is hopeful that he may be able to obtain Pullman accommodations, it may be necessary to make the return trip by day coach From Chicago the trip continues to Madison by train Saturday morning for the Wisconsin tilt The entire group will then return on the first tl*am, arriving here Sunday morning for oome welcome rest Organizer Of Women's Physical Ed Visits Campus Dr Gei-tiucfe Bilhuber who or ganized the University’s physical education depai tment for w omen in 1924 and was its head for six years, is visiting on campus She is now head of Vacation Advisors in New York, which she organized after leaving the University KDR Ehets Offreets Kappa Delta Rho, national social fraternity, announces its officers for the coming semester Donald E Coip, President Thomas E Unch, Pledgemastei Clifford H Springer Secretai’y Donald G Roberts Social Cbauraan Robert Kiopf Chaplain Paul R Johnson, Sergeant atAims Pi Kappa Alpha social fraternity announces the recent initiation of the following men Kendall P Bates, Rockford Illinois, Robert G Flannery, Washington Robeif P Doades, Washington, William B Ertel, Indianapolis, J Allan Holm Dearborn, Michigan, Wilbur J Sundheimei Wabash, Bert Streeter, Washington, John T Borman, Chicago, and Charles W Glasgow, Margate City New Jersey Kappa Delta Rho \ national social Irateimty announces the initiation of Clifford H Springer, Ft Wayne, Donald Francis, Arcadia, Paul R Johnson, Ft Wayne William S Stebbms, Akron, Ohio .
Mi
DEBRIS is to PURDUE
as
Boilei maker Pete
Bread is to Butter
Scotch is to Soda — Ham is to Eggs
DEBRIS
$4.00
$4.007
f*rrr-
ii i ^
Jt
<'?' IjJ
Army, Navy, Marine News
-f#
fhuHday^ February If9 1944
Kli,
5 Cadets View Program^ Campus During Period Here
Phi Kappd
sociat fraternity, announces
the election of the following offi-
Personnel Notes
ill
Bv A/C W M Trevarrow
•‘‘“Lafayette, we are here An old and hackneyed phrase, but olMi that aptly expresses the sentiments of the Naval V-5 cadets S^idhed at the University Airport •’’rkh sailors of the air represent a cross-section of America There are Texans, Montanans, Michiganders, Californians, meh from every state in the union at this base. All of them are mhy from home, many are
Broadcast Will Publicize Army Service Force
Companies scheduled to visit the
ceis Edwaid Ruff, piesident, Wal- campus: tei Simons, vice piesidentj Robeit Boeing Aircraft Company, SeatSacks, secietaiy, Joseph Hestei, tie, Wash—Date of visit, Friday, tieasuiei, Robeit Sacks and Ed- Feb 18 Intelested in ME, EE, waid Rupp, co-iush chairman The AcE , CE Sign in the Personnel fiaternity’s new address IS 23 Wald- Office by Thursday, Feb 17
s;::.
By FRANNY WILLIAMS
ion, phone 41074
Notices
IdJihsome. They have sought and found companionship in thh Union and the USOs of Lafayette. For this they are
grateful.
Because they are in Naval Aviation, many persons consider them different than other seividbmen This is an enoneous implteSSion In these men aie found the same weaknesses as are found in all other men, whethei they be young 01 old, a love of then home, a desire foi peace and an oppoitun
Rookies Plus New Carbines Equals Confused Guards
AH Students Any student who wishes to work for the Registrar during the legistra tion for the March term March 3 and 4 will
RcldlO llsteilGlS in all lOUl states please leave his nan^e at the desk in the
« » -r, « , ^ ^ V Registrar s office
of the Fifth Seivice Command — —STONE
Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky and West Umon Sophomores Those who petitioned _ ... and did not receive jobs may call for their Vllginia—have an oppoitunity to sophomore keys at the Union Office any
afternoon at 4 p m —BOWLBY
hear a newly inaugurated
piogiam
aimy
Chemistry 3 4 23 Students Examina tions for removal of condition grade will
_ , be given Saturday Feb 19 at 1 16 p m in
The piogiam “SeiVlCe Command room 233 of Chem Annex Authorization
must be secured previously —PEARCE
Guaid duty and lookies aie two Performances”, has been cieated to
good souices of lokes, and when you bettei acquaint the public with the d]e‘^‘™l®re^ordcied may^^erthtm'^unt^ put them together the results ate vital functions of the Aimy Service Pi Kappa Alpha house
often stiange Fiom the Camp Goi Foices, according to Majoi*’4jeneial
Carrier Corporation, Syracuse, N Y —Date of visit, Friday and Saturday, Feb 18 and 19 Interested in M E, ASTP, NCTP Sign in the Peisonilel Office by 10 00 a m Friday, Feb 18 Esso Laboratories, Standard Oil of New Jersey, Linden, New Jersey Date of visit to be announced Interested m Ch E and Chemists Sign in the Personnel Office by Tuesday, Feb 22 Union Oil Company of California, Los Angeles, California—Date of visit to be announced Sign in the Peisonnel Office by Tuesday, Feb 22
The College Shop has been veiy lucky in getting some nubby knit sweaters—and to top it all off, they aie being sold at a ieduced price for a short tune Foi what moie could you ask^ Coloi/s are melon led, glass gieen, baby blue, and lilac A good inexpensive suit is the 100 pel cent wool cardigan style hound’-, tooth checked suit It has a beautifully pleated skirt, and comes in blown, navy and black Have you seen the newest thing m slack suits-,-the tnree piece ensemble with matching jerkin, and slacks and contrasting tailored ciefie blouse^ Look m The College Shop today
)| 1
-RICHARDSON
don Amphibian comes definite pi oof James L Collins, commanding gen- wiu'b “ h^id SdSy Feb“*22“"at 16* p'‘“m
With five days in th'e Army to eial of the Fifth Seivice Command promptly then ciedit a company of lookios Frogram Carried Over 13 stations together by bus for initiation banquet at 6
Each week, for 13 weeks, the half-
Members wishing to attend banquet
These companies aie not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested m students for
employment
1 aj lor Instrument Companies,
Y: Intel ested m M E ,
Physicists and Physical Chemists
be the biaiieh in which they may ^ eveiv GI responded featuring special musical aiiange at - pp m Thursday Feb n Dr R B contribute most and because they his amazement eveiy Ci esi w,pthrop w.ii expiam
f niTi^iahle consideied expeiienced enough Each week, for 13 weeks, the Halt- TeVen"wRH sTt“before“Thm^^ xa.'.u. x,, lected occupation, and an insatiable issued caibines horn piogiam will be earned over day Feb i- Bring money for keys and Rochestei, N thirst for amusement They are m by^thmi CO 13 radio stations in the Fifth Sei Physicists ai
aviation because they be leve i o tb,,! mobt To vice Command aiea The piogiams, ,,A„m
Thuisday, Feb 17
Owens-Illinois Glass Company,
, , Teiie Haute, Ind—Interested in for the semester will be held -.nir-r^rv n -rv
hand auxihaiy The Command -davidon Ch E and ME Sign in the Pei-
ants, aie piepaied in Columbus and aie aiied by means of tiansciip
tions
Aimy Service Foices blanches to
love to fly
At this base the men aie ac quainted for the fiist time with the actual operation of an aiiciaft Pie vious to then training at this sta tion, they completed a thiee months’
nients by the Fifth Sei vice Com- operation of tbe cyclotion All members are
foi the usually unliked detail
[rouble Appears
Befoie the night was half done, theie came two appeals fiom piac tically the same location foi the im mediate piesence of the coipoial
„ , , , mi and seigeant of the guaid When
course at a flight pi ep school Theie, anived it was found that two be saluted on the piogiams thiough they weie familialized with the nav challenged each othei mfoimative accounts of then woik igation, aeiology, lecognition com daikness and since neither of include the Aimy Nurse Corps, mumcations and similai subjects Medical Coips, Tianspoitation necessary to a combat pilot howto) shoot they had called Coips Quaiteimastei Coips Engi
GLEE CLUB Members interested in ibhering for convo Friday Feb 18 call Bib King 51762 before Wednesday eve ning Feb 16 —KING
Omega Chi EpSthm Initiation Thursday 00 in Room 111 of Chem and
— DAY
Alpha 7eta Busmtss meeting tonight in room 212 of the Union at 6 30
-SHERWOOD
All Students Ihe Washington Birthday Party will be held in the lecreation loom
sonnel Office by Thursday, Feb 17 Niagara Sprayer and Chemical Co Inc, Middlepoit, N Y—Interested in Gh E and Chemistry Sign in the Per sonnel Office by Saturday,
Feb 19
Louisville and Nashville Railroad Co, Louisville, Ky Interested in M E Sign in the Pei sonnel Office
‘ Deac ’ showed ifle a lot of things in his store He’s got fingernail polish lemovei and tacks, in case you haven t been able to film airy. He has some real cute pins of chula and wood, m miniature figures of children and animals They’ie very inexpensive If you’re at all interested in kiiick knacks, there are some small vases from England They have the heads and faces of wellknown men Anxiously awaiting new owners are some small fluffy pandas Other stuffed animals are the oil cloth washable ones They're swell for collecting autographs Have you heai d ^ Yo-yo’s are back Diac s have a supply of tliem too For keeping up to date on world affairs you really should have a set of those super geographic maps Theie are eight large maps to a set and it’s a good baigain The more L looked the moic 1 saw ‘ Deac pomt'ed out numerous items—^pipc cleaners shoe slime kits witli essentials, including shoe strings, eveisharps clever book maiks twine Cannon wash rags, stationery, boW and'^ows—and lots moie
These studies aie continued at the authoiities to settle the neei Coips Signal Coips and Aimy of'thc uUek.trchmch\omo7r^^^^^^^ by Monday, Feb 21
WTS base and aie fuithei enhanced by the fact that the men aie actual
ly flying flying
Those attcndini, the symphony
oncert aie invited to come after the convo
mattei Specialized Tiaining Units The
Aftei about a half houi of peace thud piogiam is dedicated to the to enjoy the ref.-eshments md^ance aiiciaft equal to ^ lepoited to the OD Women’s Aimy Coips
their fondest dieams The aveiage gentiyVas challenging each Outlets Listed
WTS base has onfi small puddle The outlets in this area foi “Sei jumping Piper Cubs At the Uni baiiacks to the showei vice Command Peifoimance’ and versity airpoit aie groups ot Waco howevei was the itiilre of the bioadcasts
Camera Club Important meeting: tonight r p m room 3ob of the Union —KICE
hi planes, poweied by two bundled twenty horsepowssi engines as com pared to the sixty horses that pull a Cub through the an “This is hot stuff,” the men biag Ovei night, they have become airborne Of this fact they are proud They no longer are mere flight theorists The piac ticalities of flying suiiound them Life at the aiipoit is centeied about the ready room It is in this room, while awaiting then flight that the AvCads studj play caids hate the hiee2e and associate with
It is
then instructois and officeis here that they do then giiping
when
when he stopped the men on then letuin tiip to the baiiacks Ihis was not the final woid fiom the “new soldieis though loi in an early houi of the morning the OD was again summoned because x guaid insisted he had heaid the SCI earn of a woman fiom within an empty baiiacks Asked why he had not investigated the GI le^ronded that theie was a sign on the dooi warning Do not enter except on business A biief s§aich of the building uncoveicd a molhei cat and hei new biood
aie
WPBM Satin day fiom 1 30 2 p m and WGL, fiom 8 8 30 p m Sunday
Science Seminar Meeting, tonight at'' 10 in room 30 > of the Union Dr Mundtll will 5al oak on Time and Motion WEAR
Gl's May NeGd Mecfi^al Records
{ Classified
Ads
I
Money to Loan—On diamonds watches guns luggage typewriters Alberts Loan Office 407 Columbia
of
Like all othei seivjpeinen
two or moie cadets aie togethei grousing will result Reveille is too early, the skipper is clacking down again P T is too tough theie aie too few liberties Like most gious mg, it avails little moie than le
laxation
Sergeant invents Snap-On Insignia
Repiesentative “ Spaikinen
Alabama advised all service men to keep an accuiate lecord of ined ical itlention received duimg their beivice accoidin^ to the Vrmodier, loit Smith camp publication Spaikman who was service officei 101 the Ameiican Legion foi five years claimed that such infoima tion w oiikl be invaluable in validat ing any claims made foi disabilities
sustained dining sei vice
Typewriters—Addint machines all makes •old rented repaired and purchased Mimeo gr iph work done C P Ebershoff 606 Main Lafayette Phone 27''9
Intcinational Coopciativc Hoist now ha a p-w open ngs foi those intcrcstc i m coop tr^tut living Room and board or just board art ivailablt 1 Ui ivtibity St Phont
Wanted—Ride t Mjlwauk e oi end of term John Nadolny MJ-*
Lost—Wrist watch Elgin g Id fionl t inless steel back $10 lewa d Lall 12‘’9
Dr. f. C. Young
Sgt Norman A Doeu of Bolling
Field N C has patented a snap on veterans encountered much difflcul insignia toi soldiei s unifoims The ty in pioving claims wheie no lec Longhoin of Camp Wolters Texas oids weie available Although the suggests that the same idea could ..oieinment keeps a lecoid ot all be applied to stupes tie itment given to the men the lec The insignia patented can be oids iie often accidentally de placed on the sleeve 01 quickly taken btioyed oi misplaced A man who oft without sewing oi upping A cannot lemembei the tune oi place plastic disc the size ot the shoulder or type of tieatment given will have
Monday His subject will be ‘ The patch, fitted v ith a plastic loop fast some difficulty in proving any clainib Out-look of Farming Aftei the ens ovei a thin plastic disc fiom the he may make latei The lepiesenta War” The meeting will be held in inside oi the shut with a small pio tive a^ed the men to supplement the basement of the Fust Methodist jective which passes thiough the tl3fi..^f5veinment’s lecoids with a
patch in place peisonal notation of then own
Lost Sterling silver frattinity i mg (nyx tone Univeiaity Stiect sometime
Following the last wai, many So”* A/s
Institute of Paper Chemistry, Ap pleton, WiscopS|in Inteiested in B S Chemists (Men and women) Sign in the Peisonnel Office by Mon-
day Peb 21
Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company St Paul, Minn — Inteiested m BS or Ph D Chemists Chemical Engineers, Physicists and Ceramic Engineers (draft de-
feiied)
Kappa^Kappa Gamma Fraternity IS offering three $500 fellowships foi giaduate study “Any woman is eligible who is a citizen of the United States oi Canada has le ceived hei bacheloi’s degiee oi will obtain it pi 101 to July 1 fiom a col lege 01 university wheie theie is a chaptei of Kappa Kappa Gamma, and who is not ovei 30 yeais of age The applicant should have made a leal contiibution to hei alma niatei and have a well outlined plan foi giaduate woik” Applications must be made by Maich 1 Fuithei in formation may be obtained fiom the Placement Service foi Women,
2955
Don t you lore to get up on a cold inoining and climb out on a nice soft fluffy lUg rheum aud have some lovely shag lugs They’ie pie shrunk and washable You can have an oval one—or if you pre fci, a rectangulai one Whatevei ;^oui color scheme thei e should be a good match oi contiast—from the wide selection of colois—in gicen blue, light pink, lose 01 beige Thcunc i, have also leceiked a new line of (Jiacelme handbags, m envelope type with handy inside zijrpei pockets oi the handle style lhe\ le uncle of faille A verj level} selection of neckweai both round and necks can he pm chased at a reasonable price
Dean of the Graduate School and piofessoi of agiicultuial eco nomics will speak at the Univeisity Agricultural staff luncheon next
ASTP Trainees.
Subscribe for the Exponent Now
Church m West Lafayette
&'Si/
l-
L
Fill out the form below and mail or bring to Exponent Circulation Oflfiee in sub-basement of Union. Papers will be delivered to your room or bouse.
If you live in Cary Hall, give hall and room number. If yon live in a fraternity, give name and street address of house.
The price of 1 term (until April 29, 1944) is 80c.
Purdue Exponent
Subscription Blank jf*-
BUY WAR BO^DS
Name Address
The Best Investment in the Wnrld!
Price 80e
REMEMBER |OE COLLEGE?
There’vc been some changes made since this guy graced a grandstand—hut Arrows ara still top favorites for sluits!
Arrow Shuts have the incomparahle Arrow collar which lies smooth and comfortably on your neck, the Mitoga figuront construction, and the Sanforized label guaranteeing fabric shrinkage less than 1%. In khaki, wliite, and fancy. $2.24, up.
See your Arrow dealer today!
ARROW
SHIRTS • TIES • HANDKERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR • SPORT SHIRTS ir BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS if
SuUiotA.
Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE