Purdue
Exponent
'-'ill
0.i
Lafayette, Indiana
THURSDAY
May 18, 1939
VoLSO
No. 185
Debris Boatil Names New Staff
Dance To Music In Morgan Manner Versatile Maestro Leads 17 Piece Band Russ Morgan and his “Music in the Morgan Manner” will furnish the rhythm for Prom goers tomorrow night.
RUSS MOkti^Alvi The versatile maestro, who at the age of 20 was writing arrangements for John Phillip Sousa and Victor Herbert, will bring his band here from the Chez Paree, Chicago, where he has completed a six weeks’ engagement. Born In Scranton , Born in Scranton, Penn., the son of a coal miner, Russ started his musical career at an early age. Both his father and mother were musicians. At the age of seven, he was playing piano, and at 18 he was directing an orchestra for Paul Specht. According to a statemerit issued yesterday by W. A. Bodden, auditor for student organizations, a number of Prom ticket refunds have been made by the cashier and a limited number of ducats are available for those on the waiting list. Students who want tickets should call at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building as soon ais possible. Russ got his first job in a Scranton theatre as a substitute pianist. He bought his first trombone with the money he earned, and now plays one with his orchestra. First Band With his first band, the “Scranton Sirens,” he went on a barnstorming tour of Pennsylvania. After serving as musical director for radio station WXYZ, Detroit, he formed his own band. Today the organization , consists of 17 pieces, • with Carolyn Clarke as the featured vocalist. Russ first became famous for his arrangement of “Wabash Blues.” Not satisfied with being an accomplished musician on the piano, trombone, vibraphone, saxophone, guitar, cello, and marimba, Russ is now taking lessons on the organ and the harp, and other string instruments. Following his engagement here, Morgan goes to the University of Missouri for his only other college prom of the year. Legion-Airport Will
Eliott To Talk At Stage, Stump, And Studio Banquet Plying down from Detroit today, Geraldine Eliott will speak at the eighth annual Stage, Stump, and Studio banquet tonight on “How It’s Done.” The banquet is an invitational affair open only to those who have participated in debate, dramatic, or radio work. Miss Eliott has had experience in all three of these fields. Transportation to and from Lincoln Lodge, the site of the banquet, will be provided for all those needing it. Cars will leave Fowler Hall at 6:45. Bob Sasser, ME ’39, varsity debater, will act as master of ceremonies. Under his guidance, L. S. Winch of the speech department will hurl good natured banter at the students attending the banquet. Hank Miller of WBAA and Benny Burns will answer with running comment on the members of the faculty present. Also, several members of the cast of “The Mikado” will sing. A new high in attendance is expected at tonight’s banquet. 200 tickets have been sold, as against the previous record of 150. Music will be provided for dancing between courses and after the banquet. Compton To Speak At Sigma Xi Meeting Tomorrow evening, at 8 o’clock in the Electrical Engineering lecture room, A. H. Compton, Nobel prize winner of 1927, will address the members of Sigma Xi, science honorary, in their final open meeting. V Compton’s lecture will review some of his research findings in the field of cosmic rays, which he has been concentrating on for the last ten years. He won. the Nobel prize in 1927 when he was working with light. He discovered the Compton effect, dealing with X-rays, which has been very important in the field of optics. Sigma Xi will also hold their annual banquet and initiation the same evening. Initiation will be held at 6 p. m. and approximately 76 students will be admitted into the honorary organization. The banquet will be at 6:30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. PIA Plans Final Dance For Unorganized Students Final event on the PIA social program for this school year will be a tea dance in the Union ballroom Saturday afternoon from 3 to 6:30. Sam Wells is in charge of music; which will consist of the latest swing and sweet recordings. All PIA members and co-eds are admitted free of charge, and the non-member charge will be ten cents. Stags will be strictly limited, according to sponsors.
Sponsor Air Show ASCE Holds Annual
Beginning with a model airplane contest open to all gas-poweredj and still scale models, the eleventh annual air show, sponsored jointly by the Purdue University Airport and the Lafayette American Legion, will get under way next Sunday morning at 8:30 at the University Airport. Merchandise and cash prizes will be awarded the winners in the various model divisions. The afternoon program, beginning at 2:30, will be composed of a number of flying demonstrations. Also, “Cleve” Hyde, former University student and glider enthusiast, who appeared last year on the program at the national glider meet at Elmira, N. Y., will be on hand in a glider stunting exhibition.
Banquet Tonight W. W. DeBerard, director of the ASCE and western editor of Engineering News Record, will speak tonight at the annual banquet meeting of the American Society of Civil Engineers which will take place at 6 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. His topic will be “The ^Engineer of Today.” Occasion for the banquet is the joint meeting of the Indiana section of the ASCE with the University student branch of the society. Tickets, priced at 80 cents, may be purchased from any of the student officers or from the main office of the Civil Engineering Building until noon today.
Sfrong/yMcNei7/Scoff;D/er Will Head 1940 Publication
Culminating a week of interviews with the entire staff, the Debris electoral board, composed of the seniod office holders. Prof. J. H. McKee, W. A. Bodden, and T. R. Johnston, last night selected the men and women who will publish the 1940 Debris. W. B. Strong was named ed-itor-in-chief; R. C. McNeil, senior business manager; Caroline Scott, co-ed editor; and R. H. Dyer, photography edi-
tor.
Junior Staff
The new junior staff is: Editorial,. Jim Odgen, A1 Williamson, Bob Von Buelow, and Bob Brown; co-ed editorial, Marguerite Gustafson, Peggy Terstegge, Jean Jones, and Bettie Hass; business managers, Yvonne Holden, Johann McLean, John Van Horn, and Bob Breeden; photography, Harry Freeman, Joe White
and Ruth Swift.
Goolidge Advises Counselors To Ad On Friendly Basis “A friendly basis for association
between counselors and counselees is of primary importance,” stated Miss Clare Goolidge yesterday afternoon at the second counselors meeting of the year, which was attended by 100 sophomore and junior co-eds. The responsibilities of counselors to the counselees, the recognition of the new problems of selfreliance and making friends on the part of the new student, and other
specific problems that may
arise were stressed by Miss Goolidge as the greatest difficulties in coun-
seling.
Following Miss Coolidge’s talk, the group was broken up into freshman and transfer counselors under Libby Barmes and Margaret Sauer to receive more specific directions. The next meeting will be for both men and women counselors in Stanley Coulter Hall on May 23 at 4 p. m. Dr. E. L. Kelley of the psychology department will be the
speaker.
R. H. Dyer, Photography Editor more Music Room Displays
Griffin Watercolors
Eighteen floral watercolors, by Nina K, Griffin, are now on exhibition in the Union music room. The watercolors are the work of a Chicago artist who took up, painting
six years ago as a hobby.
Eleanor Jewett, art critic for the Chicago Tribune, says of Mrs. Griffin’s work, “The watercolors are beautifully done. She gets amazing results on large paper.” Critic for the Chicago Herald and Examiner, Paul Gilbert, says of the exhibit, "Her colors are harmonious and well balanced, and her whites which she uses lavishly as background are exceptionally warm and velvety.” The paintings will remain in the music room for the duration of the
week.
Inscribed Plagues Given
Plaques
To Undergraduate Dames Purdue Undergraduate Dames, whose husbands are leaving the University in June, were, presented with plaques bearing the insignia of the National Association of Undergraduate Dames at a farewell party Tuesday night at the home of Mrs. Leslie L. Vaught. Those receiving the plaques were Mrs. R. Rohaf, Buffalo, N. Y.; Mrs. Loral Searse, Lapel; Mrs. James Best, New Albany; Mrs, Robert Duncan and Mrs. W. W. Johnston, West Lafayette; Mrs. Lester Holmes, LaPorte; Mrs. Marvin Kolhoff, Rens-
selaer.
Amelia Earhart... . . . Putnam’s picture was unveiled last night at dinner time in WRH by Dr. Elliott. The picture, a full length portrait done in oil, was presented by George Palmer Putnam, husband of the late Amelia Earhart and now hangs in the front room of the south hall, where it will remain temporarily.
Co-eds Leaviug Town For Prom Musi Show Excuse Any co-ed who plans to go out of town for any reason during Prom Week end May 19, 20, and 21, must present written consent from her parents along with the usual out-of-town permission blanks to the Deajn of Women’s office or to their
house mothers.
All women students must be at their place of residence at 5 ©’dock a. m. on Saturday after Prom. If the house is having a breakfast, men may stay until 6 o’dock. Sorority girls not living at their sorority houses must have over-night permission to attend breakfast at their
house.
Potter To Address GE ClassTomorrow Dean A. A. Potter will give the next in a special series of lectures which are being given for the class in GE 105, Distribution of Engineering Products, on Friday morning, May 12. His topic will be “Letters and Letter Writing.” Speaking from his long experience as administrator of Engineering schools. Dean Potter will particularly stress the writing of application and sales letters. The meeting is open to all students for whom there is room. All meetings of the class are held ^t 8 a. m. in rooni 108 of the Mechanical Engineering building.
Caroline Scott, Co-ed Editor W. M. landess... . . . assistant director of agricultural relations of the Tennessee Valley Authority, will be the principal speaker at the. Soil Science Society dinner to be given Saturday evening. May 20. The dinner will be held at 6:30 in the Union build-
ing.
Dr. George D. Scarseth, Purdue soil chemist and president of the society, will act as toastmaster. The general public is invited to attend the affair.
2 Day Meeting Ended With Talk By Davis Two hundred and fifty garden enthusiasts attended the first annual conference of the Garden Club of Indiana held on the University campus for the last two das^s. The meeting yesterday afternoon clirtlaxed a full day of discussions. At 8:30 yesterday Dr. Laurenz Greene, head of the horticulture department, presiding, introduced Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, who gave the welcoming ad-
dress.
During the later meetings Dr. George D. Scarseth, of the agronomy department, discussed the nature and properties of soils as an important part of gardening. Dr. E. J. Kohl, of the botany depaifl:ment, explained the story of pollen and its parti ih plant growth and development.* At the 11 o’clock gathering Prof. E. R. Honeywell, of the horticulture department, discussed roses and rose culture; and Dr, C. L. Potter, of the botany staff, spoke on plant diseases and their control. At the last discussion meeting of the conference Prof. J. J. Davis, chief of entomology, explained insects and their control. Ross, McMillen Will Speak At Annual Mid-West Mdef Of Chemurglc Conference David E. Ross, president of the board of trustees of the University, will speak at the annual mid-west meeting of the Chemurgic Conference to be held this Friday and Saturday in Columbus, 0. Mr. Ross will speak to the group, which is an organization devoted to the wider industrial use of farm products, Friday on “Research Will Find the Answer.” Wheeler McMillen, editor of the Farm Journal* and Farmer’s Wife, and president of the National Farm Chemurgic Council of Indiana, will preside at the sessions. O. K. Quivey, general agricultural development agent of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, will speak on the same program with Mr. Ross on “The Role of the Railroad in Chemurgic Development.”
Dr. Elliott Announces New Staff Appointments Seventy-six members of the University staff have received promotions, according* to an announcement received from President E. C. Elliott yesterday. / The new appointments were approved by the Board of Trustees at their last meeting.
The faculty members receiving promotions are: From assistant to instructor: W. B. Miller, surveying; G. K. Miller, F. O. Nottingham, P. H. Reedy, P. M. Seal, and H. A. Thomas, all in eletcrical engineering; G. H. Ehrhardt, and R. E. Schreiber, physics. Prom Instructor to assistant professor: D. H. Soiling, agricultural chemistry; W. W. Kiltz, agricultural education; T. K. Noss, sociology; W. I. Preel, civil engineering; J. H. Karr, electrical engineering; S. B. Elrod, engineering drawing; R. E. Mills, civil engineering; Harvey Diehl and R. H. Ewell, chemistry; J. W. Robinson, political science; and A. H. Smith, mathematics. , Assistant to Associate From assistant professor to associate professor: R. E- Roberts, dairy husbandry; T. K. Cowden, farm management; B. C. Lawson, vocational education; L. E. Beck, electrical engineering; j. H. Porsch, engineering drawing; H. G, DeKay, pharmacy; H. R. Allen, and A. H.
Elward, physical education for men; R. M. Cable and D. H. Dunham, biology; C. M. James, anatomy and physiology; Herschel Hunt, chemistry; R. W. Babcock, H. M. Baldwin, and H. H. Kidd, English. Associate to Professor From associate professor to professor: J. H. Hilton, dairy husbandry; Dorothy C. Stratton, psychologry; Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, applied design; C. J. Zufall, pharmacy; Ward L. Lambert, physical education for men; Helen Hazelton, physical education for women; W. V. Oweiis, economics. In the Engineering Experiment Station: from Research Assistant to Associate, R. E. Mills, Civil Engineering; and C. S. Sprague, Electi'ical Engineering. From Research Laboratory assistant to Associate with rank of Assistant Professor, H, J. Heim, Electrical Engineering. In the Engineering Extension Department: from Safety Specialist te Safety Specialist with the rank of (Continued on page 8)^dihfdaL
THE FDBDtIE EXPONENT
JncdtwuuL
Thursday, May 18, 1939
Freshmen and Sophomore«... . . . engineers may do well to keep the number “30” in mind, and to check up on their hours of B to date. In September, 1940, no third-year man may take any of his required junior courses, nor be given junior classification, unless he has made 30 hours of B or better at registration time. Likewise, no fourth-year man may take any required senior courses, nor be given senior classification, if he lacks more than 30 of the 90 hours of B required for graduation. These regulations were adopted at a recent meeting of the Executive Committee. From them, students will understand that the University is seeking to raise the academic level and weed out worthless students by setting grade-hour requirements two years before graduation. Students who will be effected by these new laws may be divided, in general, into four classes: 1. The Loafer . . . This student, whom no one can get to work by his-very nature, has no place in the University. The ruling will tend to eliminate him before he might otherwise drop out of school. 2. The College “Joe” ... The student who wants to play all the time, with no regard to study, can do so much better outside the University. It is not the state’s duty to spend money on college playboys, for fees cover but part of his educational expenses. 3. The Activities Man . . . who “just does not have time enough to study.”—Under the 3.5 scholarship index requirement for activity participation, he will be eliminated from this group. 4. The Conscientious Student... who earnestly tries to succeed, but is not University material, or who for some reason has never learned how to study. His is a different problem. A faculty counselling system should be set up for the student who honestly studies, but who cannot seem to make headway in the University. The new ruling is being experimentally tried on the engineering schools. If results prove beneficial to the University, it may be extended to cover other schools as well. Civil engineering 10, summer surveying camp, will not be counted for civil engineering students. Although not mentioned in the regulations, it may be inferred that this same classification is given to chemical engineering summer school. A loop-hole has been included by the Executive Committee, however, for no such all-in-clusive ruling should be absolutely iron-clad and unbreakable. Exceptions may be made by recommendation of the head of the school in which the student is enrolled, with*Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter’s approval. f The ruling will be overlooked if a student has met with illness or accident which inter-
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section llOS, act of October 8, 1917, authoriised January 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and wedcly during the Summer Session. Delivered Ibcally by carrier for 88.00 x>er year, mail subscription $8.60. Editorial Board R. E. Insley Editor-inrChief W. E. Smith Business Manager D. G. Tcrrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick Managing Editor E. M. Antonini — Senior Advertising Manager R. Jenkins Sports Editor G. Schilling Co-ed Editor
Editorial R. P. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. K. Heiple J. H. McKee M. L. Miers J. C. Willsey
junior Staff Business R. Fisher R. Hall A. Hite • M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marcjiiis M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Burtsfield G. Carroll B. Simpson
D. J. Henninger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison ave. New York, N. Y. 4, CHICASO ' BOSTON ’ Los AHOELES - SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper Is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AU (q|iinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—Heiple Issue Editoiv-Ochiltree Thursday, May 18, 1939
rupted his studies, or can prove other extenuating circumstances. Mass Congratulations... . . . go to 76 University staff members whose promotions have been approved by the Board of Trustees. Their ranks include seven new professors, 15 associate professors, 11 assistant professors, 8 instructors, three men in the engineering experimeiit station, one in the engineering extension department, 16 new appointees in the Agricultural Experiment Station, and 15 new officers in the department of agricultural extension. These men and women have already proved their service to Purdue . . . they should be even more valuable in the future. Most of them liave received an actual increase in pay; those who have not been given a “raise” are in a higher-salaried group, and will eventually be rewarded financially. Added personal prestige and increased value to the University should go hand in hand. We hope these 76 people will constantly strive not only for personal success, but also for the betterment of Purdue. New appointees who will contact the student body directly in the classroom should caijefully consider the qualities of Good Teaching.
Model Airplane Club Holds First Outdoor Meet Sunday Before a crowd of over 300 people, gathered from Lafayette, Indianapolis, and Crawfordsville, Bill Keogh of Indianapolis took first place in a gas model airplane contest held last Sunday on the field just south of the West Side Municipal Golf Course. Second and fourth places went to Gene Foxworthy and Bob Romeizer, of the same city, respectively. Dick Obarski of Purdue took third place. In the rubber-powered model event, first and second places went to Dick Obarski and Jim Cahell, both of Purdue, while John Freeman, of Indianapolis, won the third prize. An additional prize for the worst crackup went to Frank Vollrath of Indianapolis. It consisted of a gas model kit. Merchandise prizes totalling $20 in cash value were given immediately after the meet. WAA Baseball Teams Start Practice Today Practice for WAA class baseball teams will begin this afternoon fol--lowing completion of the intramural program at 4 o’clock. Members of the four classes interested in positions on the teams must get in at least one practice either today or Friday. Joe Cook who is in charge of the spoil; will announce membership on the teams in Sunday morning’s Exponent. Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday the interclass games will be played. Thursday a selected team from the four teams will play in the All-star game. / Establishment of a pneumonia control laboratory has been proposed for Louisiana State University.
1
WBAA
‘*THB VOICK OP PURDUS**
—TODAY— 11:00—PTA Program. 11:15—Morning Melodies. 11:30—Tippecanoe County Federation of Clubs. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Ross Mock, pianist. 12:15—Music Box. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Newspapers, Prof. Hugh Mc-
Kee.
1:15—Eugene Findgan, violinist. 1:30—Prof. Frank Hall, Footnotes
on the Headlines.
1:45—Edward Foley, pianist. 2:00—The Apothecary.
2:15—State Safety.
2:30—^You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:15—Milton Gregory, pianist. 3:30—Parade of Business. 3:45—^Kraft Saxophone Quartette. 4:00—America’s Hours of Destiny. 4:30—Morey J. Doyle, pianist. 4:45—Story Book Hour. The John Marshall
LAW SCHOOL FOUNDED 1899
AN
ACCREDITED LAW SCHOOL TEXT and CASE METHOD
•
For Catalog, recommended list of pre-legol subjects, and booklet, "StudyofLowond Proper Freporotion" address; Edward T. Lee, Dean.
315 Plymouth Ct., Chicago, III.
A new course in historiography providing a basic knowledge of the historical method has been established at St. Lawrence University. Boston University’s varsity debating team has been commissioned good will representatives of Massachusetts by Governor Saltonstall.
— EXTRA — 3 STOOGES COMEDY
Wallace Ford * Patricia Ellis Stuart ErwiU'Aline MacMahon TODAY-FRIDAY MARS
WORLD OAIiS UP ON US!"
COURSES
(40 weeks peryear) Afternoon—years 5 days...4:30-6:30 Evening — 4 years Mon., Wed., Fri.,
6:30-9:20
Posf-gradoate
1 year..fwice a week
Practice courses
exclusively.
All courses lead
to degrees.
Two years' college work required for
entrance.
New classes form^ in Sept, and Feb.
BE ft AMT
ALL COLOR CARTOON
TODAY-FRIDAY-$ATURDAY L4Rnifil»
GRIN BEAR fT
By Liclily
PULL YOUR . . . . . . grade up, or lower it. Try finals . . . the student’s delight. A gentle reminder, that’s all. —B & B— SEEN LAST NIGHT . . . ... Joe Mihal talking to six co-eds at one time at the bowling alleys. Probably discussing European affairs. They were all cute, too . . . we don’t mean the European affairs. —B & B— DAFFYNITIONS Kisser: That which you have a good looking one or you won’t get to. Study : That which when you go to a movie or a d^nce you will have to when you get back. —Stolen.' —B & B— NOTICE, AGS Title: Is That Sow! Heh, Heh. Sbene: Ag building. Time: Anytime. Characters: Ag instructor, student, class. Instructor: You are late, sir! Student: So’s your spring potatoes. Class: Hoe, hoe, hoe. —Pun Gent. Dr. Elliot-t' Announces (Continued from page 1) Assistant Professor, J. L. Lingo. Experiment Station In the Agricultural Experiment Station: from Assistant to Associate, G. M. Smith, Botany; R. C. Brundage, Forestry; Daniel DenUyl, Forestry; from Assistant to Associate with the rank of Assistant Professor, S. R. Miles, Agronomy; R. C. Baines, Botany; Gail M. Redfield, Home Economics. Prom Assistant with the rank of Assistant Professor to Associate with the rank of Assistant Professor, Ruth Jordan, Home Economics. From Associate to Associate with the I’ank of Assistant Professor, G. A. Ficht, Entomology. Prom Associate with the rank of Assistant Professor to Associate with the rank of Associate Professor, I. D. Mayer, Agricultural Engineering. From Research Associate with the rank of Assistant Professor to Research Associate with the rank of Associate with the rank of Associate Professor, S. M. Hauge, Biochemistry. Department Head From Head of Departnient with fank of Assistant Professor to Head of Department with rank of Associate Professor, M. M. Justin, Agricultural Statistics. From Assistant Chief with rank of Assistant to Associate Professor, Claude
‘I’ll be polite and speak to her—but I absolutely refuse to notice what she’s wearing.”
Harper, Animal Husbandry, and L. S. Robertson, Farm Management. From Assistant Chief with rank of Associate Professor to Assistant Chief with rank of Professor, C. L. Burkholder, Horticulture, and P. C. Gaylord, in charge of marketing and vegetables. Prom Assistant Director and Farm Director with the rank of Associate Professor to Assistant Director and Farm Director with the rank of Professor, H. J. Reed, Agricultural Experiment Station. Ag Extension In the Department of Agricultural Extension: From assistant to associate: E. T. Wallace, and G. A. Williams, dairy husbandry; R. H. Bauman and M. P. Mitchell, farm management; and T. E. Shaw, forestry. From assistant county agent leader to assistant county agent leader with the rank of assistant profes/or: L. M. Busche. From assistant state leader of home demonstration agents to assistant state leader of home demonstration agents with the rank of assistant professor: Starley M. Hunter. From assistant to associate with the rank of assistant professor: W. R. Amick, 4-H clubs; William Kohlmeyer, poultry husbandry. Horticulture From associate to associate with
the rank of assistant professor: S. A. Anderson, agricultural engineering; Monroe McCown, horticulture; Blanche Zaring, home furnishings. Prom associate state leader of 4-H clubs to associate state leader of 4-H clubs with the rank of assistant professor: May A. Masten. County Leader From assistant director and county agent leader with rank of associate professor to assistant director and county agent leader with the rank of professor: T. A. Coleman. From state leader in home economics with the rank of associate professor to state leader in Home Economics with the rank of professor: Leila R. Gaddis.
‘ STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS A FOUR-FOOTED DETEOTIVEI stalking kidnap mysteiyl And folks who prize courage above pedigree!..Chills!..ThrlllsI.. Drama!
SEALED ORDERS TO DIE! —ot blast out the spy corps! U. S. cracks 3ovm! .. Facts!.. Bomb shell!
SALLY EILERS ALLAN UNE FRITZ LEIBER FRANK M. THOMAS Also DONALD DUCK
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
— WITH — THE GLEASONS ■—and —
— with — TOM TYLER — also — FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS SERIAL
LUHA Today-Friday-Saturday
2 FIRST RUN FEATURES
tt»»«’
— Plus — EASTERN GANGLAND INVADES the WEST! CALL THE MESQUITEERS — with — BOB LIVINGSTON RAY CORRIGAN MAX TERHUNE
20c to 6:00 then 10-20-25c> \
A
Purdue Trackmen Leave Today For Big Ten Meet
Twelve members of the- Boilermaker track squad will leave for Ann Arbor, Mich., this afternoon to compete in the thirty-ninth annual conference track championships tomorrow and Saturday at Ferry Field. The Gold and Black squad will be trying to gain a place in the first division. Last year they collected 11 points to finish in a tie for seventh place. Bodeau To Run Capt. Art Bodeau is scheduled to run despite his spiked foot. The four who won events in the Cotton Carnival at Memphis, Tenn., last week will also run. They are Edmond Holderman, sophomore miler; Jake Weber, sophomore shot putter; Steve Gutting, senior hurdler, and Allen “Red” Shackleton, junior quarter-miler. Other entries include Alden Knapp in the mile, Dan Fisher, Jim
Simmons and Stephen Luther in the quarter-mile; Chester Kessler in the shot put, Merton Clevett in the twomile, and Allen Gaulke in the halfmile. Shoot At Records Trackmen, coaches, and fans expect to see new names replace the old in possibly four events at Michigan. The two oldest of the Big Ten records, both made in 1916, are expected to fall. Binga Dismond of Chicago set the 440-yard mark at :47.4 that year, but last week it was bettered in the Michigan-Ohio State meet by Warren Breidenbach, Wolverine sophomore, who covered the quarter in :47.2. Twenty-three years ago Arlie Mucks of Wisconsin threw the discus 155 feet, 2 inches. This spring Captain Bill Watson of Michigan
Buy your PALM BEACH Suits from DEWENTER’S
The
PA.(n teNVAM
STARS OF SPORT
The stars are out—in full array We mean the stars that shine by day (the Stars of Sport) There’s Sammy Snead and Runyan (Paul) We can’t begin to name them all (our time is short) The stars are out—and every day It’s Palm Beach Slacks that help their play {and keep them cool) We’re showing them in Nassau Blue In Wicker Shqde—some smart whites, too (for ’round the pool) They’re cut for comfort—cut for style They’ll outwear others by a mile (no idle hoast) Now note the price—then come and see We promise you that you’ll agree {they’re money’s most)
Palm Beach Slacks
$>175
4
l^ow showing...at your favortte clothier Palm "Beach Suits, $15.50 • Palm Beach Evening Formal, $18.50 GOODALL COMPANY - CINCINNATI, OHIO
You’ll find the Palm Beach suit to fit your taste at... GULLION'S IN THE VILLAGE
threw it 161 feet, 1% inches. Pole Vault The 1930 pole vault mark is also endangered. Twice this year it has been bettered, once by Milt Padway of Wisconsin and once by Bob Cassels of Chicago. One other record may fall. The Michigan relay team, which ran the mile relay m 3:13.9 last Saturday, will be gunning for the Big Ten record of 3:15.2 made by the 1935 Maize and Blue team. Thirty-one of the men who placed in last year’s meet will be back again this year to contend for honors, but they will be pushed by a host of new trackmen, including an outstanding crop of sophomores. Spring Sports Spread To End Year's WAA Activities WAA activities for this year will be closed with the annual spring sports spread at the WAA cabin at 5 p. m. on Thursday, May 25. Awards of numerals, WAA letters, and WAA skins will be made at this time. A program will follow the spread to which all WAA members and faculty aie invited. Georgia Walker is general chairman in charge of the affair. In Oidex... ... to determine the winners of numerals. Coach Harry Allspaw asks all freshman golfers to report to him at the West Lafayette Country Club before Friday, May 26. There will be no tournament for the awards this year.
Don't forget your trousers
It's all very well to judge a man by his clothes . . . But what happens when he takes off his coat? Frankly, you've got nothing to worry about, so long as you're wearing PALM BEACH SLACKS Their well-groomed air is permanent— so IS their airy comfort. That's why the kings of sport prefer them . . . that's why you'll never be satisfied till you own several pairs. *4.75 The Fairfield model for "leftwingers"— and the Troon for conservatives.
Lambda Chi Alpha Wins First In Greek Track Meet; Rankin Stars
Pole Vauliex
Repeating his amazing feat of yesterday when he copped three first places, Dave Rankin, stellar Lambda Chi Alpha athlete, topped the field in two more events in the last round of the interfraternity track meet today and tied for first in a third event to lead his teammates to an easy victory. The Lambda Chi’s were far in the lead with 5414 points, while their closest opponent, the Sigma Alpha Mu’s, were successful in amassing only 28 points. Beta Theta Pi fraternity placed third with a total of 16 points, and the Kappa Sigma’s fourth with lll^ points.
MILTON PADWAY Wisconsin—Pole Vaulter Milt Padway, Wisconsin pole vaultei, who set a new indoor Big Ten record of 14 feet, 1% inches and who will be at Ann Arbor Saturday tiying to break the existing Big Ten outdoor record of 13 feet, 10% inches, which was set by McDeimott of Illinois in 1930. The Univeisity of South Carolina’s new $108,000 swimming pool was dedicated by Secretary of Commerce Harry Hopkins.
WORLirsZFINEST
TOBACCOS
r
► ► ► ► ►
t WALNUT Blend 30(
Sold by your dealer If not, send 10c for sample to John Middle ton. 1211 Walnut Street Philadelphia, Pa., Dept L 4
Running against a stiff wind, Rankin continued his winning spree begun yesterday by easy wins in the 220 yard low hurdles and the 220 yard dash while tying the best effort of Forthofer, Beta, in the broad jump by making a leap of 20 feet, two and a half inches. In the first day’s meet, Rankin tied the mterfraternity record for the hundred yard dash set by Tycocki last year by running the distance m 10 seconds flat. Blanket Finish The two mile run held the attention of the other contestants when three runneis finished the distance m a blanket heat. The decision of the judges gave Levin, Sigma Alpha Mu, first place with Arnold, Kappa Delta Rho, and Sauter, Lambda Chi Alpha, m second and thud place, 1 espectively. Another outstanding peiformance of the day was turned in by Adams, Phi Sigma Kappa, who led the field the entire distance m the half mile and ciossed the finish line an easy victor. Summary of the day’s events • 220 yard low hurdles—Rankin, Lambda Chi Alpha, first, Jordan, Lambda Chi Alpha, second , Fye, Kappa Delta Rho, third , Bushnell, Phi Kappa Sigma, fourth Time, 26 8 seconds Quarter mile relay—Sigma Alpha Mu first, Alpha Tau Omega, second , Triangle, third, Beta Theta Pi, fourth Time, 48 5 seconds High jump—Campbell Lambda Chi Alpha, first, Welsch Lambda Chi Alpha, and Forthofer, Beta Theta Pi, tied for second Bushnell, Phi Kappa Sigma, fourth Height, 5 feet, 8 inches Half mile run—Adams, Phi Sigma Kappa first, Quinn, Phi Kappa Sigma second Miller, Phi Kappa Sigma, third , Hecready, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, fourth Time, 2 9 5 Javelin—Welsch, Lambda Ghj Alpha, first, Juska, Delta Upsilon, second, Petty, Sigma Phi Epsilon, third, Seymour, Kappa Delta Rho, fourth Distance, 161 feet. Discus—Clarke, Delta tlpsilon, first, Petty, Sigma Phi Epsilon, second, Fanning, Delta Upsilon, third, Welsch, Lambda Chi Alpha, fourth Distance, 114 feet, two inches. Two mile run—Levin, Sigma Alpha Mu, first, Arnold, Kappa Delta Rho, second, Sauter, Lambda Chi Alpha, third, Decker, Kappa Sigma, fourth Time, 11 33 8
220-yard dash—Rankin Lambda Chi Alpha, first, Byelene, Beta Theta Pi, second, Resnick, Sigma Alpha Mu, third, Anthony, Delta Tau Delta, fourth. Tune, 22 8 seconds Broad jump—Forthofer Beta Theta Pi, and Rankin, Lambda Chi Alpha, tied for first, Bushnell, Phi Kappa Sigma, third; Campbell, Lambda Chi Alpha, fourth. Distance, 20 feet, 2% inches Riveter Nine Will Face mini In Two Games At Urbana In a position where every game IS going to be important in the league standings, the Boilermaker nine will travel to Champaign Friday for a two game series with the seventh place Illinois team. Dutch Fehrmg’s crew will also be tiying to get out of a two game slump in which they outhit but lost to Ohio State 6-5 and then came home to again bow to the powerful Notie Dame team, 6-1. The game against Notre Dame was nearly a lepetition of the earlier game at South Bend and Hunthausen, Notre Dame pitcher, had the Riveters handcuffed the entire time during both games. Bailey To Pitch 1 Bailey, sophomore hurler, who has been the mainstay of Fehring’s pitching staff so far this year, will be oTn the mound for the Boilermakers in the first game Friday with Emmert the probable choice for the final game Saturday, as Wargo has been having trouble with his arm. Only nine games will remain unplayed in conference play after this week Purdue will meet Michigan on May 26 and 27 on Ross-Ade field to finish off its Big Ten schedule.
Romantic Feet For the Formal Evening $2-95
• White Satin • Gold • Silver • Gold and Black • Combinations • Paisley
Tinting Free We guarantee perfect matching or harmony
Sizes AA-B 4 to 9
High Medium ^ and Low Heels
DOWN STAIRS lOEB & M ENC COMPANY BUDGET SHOES¥■
3[ixiiL Gdsu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
VioiicttA.
Thursday# May 18, 1939
Tennis Team Meets Wolverine Squad Today At Ann Arbor Coach LaBree and five members of the tennis team left yesterday for Ann Arbor, whei'e they will meet the Michigan racket wielders today. Tomorrow they will move on to Kalamazoo, where they are scheduled to play against Western ' State Teachers. So far this season the Boilermaker tennis men have only one Big Ten victory to their credit, having beaten Iowa at Iowa City early in the season. Last week they were the victims of both Ohio State and Illinois in conference competition. Fuente, Alexander, Blitz, Mann, and Hebbeler will represent the Gold and Black in the singles matches. Hebbeler and Blitz will team up for the first doubles match while Alexander and Mann .will make up the second doubles combination against the Wolverines. BASEBALL STANDINGS
FOR SALE
tice is required.
Team—
W.
L.
Pet;
PURDUE
. ...... 5
2
.714
Iowa
5
2
.714
Northwestern ....
6,
3
.667
Michigan
4
2
.667
Indiana
5
3
.625
Minnesota
4
4
.500
Illinois
3
5
.375
Wisconsin - ...
....... 2
4
.333
Ohio State
........ 2
6
.250
Chicago
2
7
.222
MISCELLANEOUS
WANTED—Students to deliver the Purdue Exponent next year. Write to the Purdue Exponent, Circulation Department, P. O. Box 225, Lafayette, arid include your present phone number.
SIX ROOMS—Half of double. Highland Park, 803 Central avenue, east side. Vacant June 1st. Phone P. M. Allen, 2150.
WATCHES cleaned, $1.00. Main springs. Crystals, 25c and 35c. Alarm clocks cleaned, 50c. Work guaranteed. Kellar’s Watch Shop, 223 Main. ALTERATIONS, repairing and mending neatly done. Phone 2637.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebei’shoff, 605 Main St.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—About three weeks ago, onebladed black pocket knife. $2 reward. Mona Balcom.
SMART ACCESORIES for the Well Dressed Woman
FANCY SILK UMBRELLAS Oil silk panels —^ancy colors in new color combinations — beautiful handles — 16 ribs •— lovely to look at and serviceable as well. $1.39 to $2.98 "Safety Seam” SLIPS Made of a good quality of rayon crepe in lovely colors of tea rose, pink and white — sizes 32 to 44. Priced at only
GLASS—^Por autos, desks, dressers, furniture. Mirrors. Wauthier’s Glass Shop. Phone 7949.
—COOK.
FOR SALE—1936 Pontiac coupe in excellent condition. Phone 7791. State and Main, West Lafayette.
Outing Club; Steak Fry Friday at WAA cabin. Meet at Women's Gymnasium at 6:30 p. m. If you are going, notify Shawkins at 66714 or Marge Ward at 41111 by Thursday morning, May 18. —COOK.
supply room all day Thursday, May 18, with samples for the purpose of taking measurements and orders for ROTO equhiment. This equipment will be deliver^ to the supply room in approociraately two weeks. —HOLMES.
at the end of the year.
-BREUER.
Co-eds will be admitted free; ten cents charge for men. —CASS.
Notices
Union Sophomores: Petitions for vicepresidential positions on Purdue Student Union Board for 1989-40 must be turned in to senior office by 12 p. m. Saturday, May 20. Petition blanks are available in senior Union office. Interview schedule will be posted shortly afterward. —CABONARGI.
All Students: Those whose course of study calls for electives during the school year 1939-40 must make a choice before the end of this semester. This applies to all present juniors, present sophomores except in forestry, chemical, metallurgical, mechanical, and public service engineering, and engi-neering-law. Offices of the heads of the schools and registrar have plana of study. These students should consult the Ddan or head of his school at an early date. Those contemplating a change of schools are advised to file application before the end of the present semester. —STONE.
’ Skull and Crescent Actives: juormai initiation Thursday, May 18. Meet at the Mechanical Engineering Building at 6:16 p. m. The banquet will be at 6:30. —HALL.
AIME: Election of offioiers Thursday, May 18, at 4 p. m. in room 202 of Heavilon Hall. —LOWN. Newman Club: Meeting of all new officers in the Union at 4 p. m. Friday, May 19. —MONSON. Christian Student Fellawship: Meeting in room B. of the Union Thursday, May 18, at 7:30 p. m. All students are cordially invited. , - —BURBRINK. '
Summer School Students: Students who are planning on attending summer school should^ secure the necessary forms from «ie Director of Admissions’ office at once. By filling out these forms and returning them now much time can be saved June 16. —DAMMON. ^ swim Friday night. May 19, from 7:80 to 9 p. m.
Mikado Cast: Pictures are now available in Miss Mill’s office. All those who desire pictures and did not sign up call Hobbs at 6779. (6-21) —HOBBS. Exponent Workers; All staff members consult bulletin in office Thursday, May 18, for assignments for the Prom edition. —WILLSEY.
Skull and Crescent Pledges: Meet at the Mechanical Engineering Building Thursday, May 18, at 6:30 p. m. for formal, initiation. Wear a business suit and bring a suitable blindfold. —COLQUHOUN.
WAA Baseball: Game Thursday, May 18, at 4 p. m. Kappas vs. Wards 1 and 3. Class practice Thursday and Friday, one practice required. Class games next Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. All-star game Thursday. —COOK.
Independent Athletes: Reamer Club trophy will be awarded to the Independent Athletes with the high number of major, minor, and intramural points gained throughout the year. Anyone interested in being considered for the award should turn in his points in accordance to the rules posted in the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. (6-20) —MIDDLETON. Catalyst: Important meeting Thursday, May 18, at 7 p. m. in Heavillon Hall. We will have election of officers. —CRAIG.
Musical Organizations: Sign up in Music office, Fowler Hall, now for department banquet to be held May 26th. —STEWART.
Wesley Foundation: All members and Methodist students are invited to a steak dinner Friday evening. May 19, at Battle Ground._ Leave the Foundation at 4:16 by car. Tickets are 26 cents and admission is free to those who bring cars. —HOOVER.
Kappa Delta Pi; All those.who plan to attend picnic at WAA cabin Thursday, May 18, meet in the main lobby of the Union at 6:16 p. m. and walk out. Those who have not paid for the tickets bring 26 cents. —HOLT.
Senior Military: A representative from the Associated Military Stores will be in the
Activities Bureau Workers: All freshmen and sophomores who want to interview freshmen for the Bureau next fall report to Betty Jane Darr in the Bureau office at 4 p. m. Friday, May 19. Juniors who do interviewing will receive an honorary junior position on the Bureau and a key
Campus Varieties Rehearsal: The following people please report to Fowler Hall stage Thursday, May 18, at 4 p. m.: Members of Harry McCrady’s Orchestra, members of Irvan Maury’s Orchestra, Russ Mock, Pat Heine, Ben Burns, Dick Pittenger, George Osborn, Marvin Smith, Bob Fitzgerald, Charlie Powell, and membe's of dramatic skit. —MILLER
The aceent^s on SAVINGS in these smart quality
Civil Engineering Students: Get your tickets for the banquet Thursday evening. May 18, from the student officers before noon of that day. If you can’t attend the banquet, be there at 8:30 for the election of officers for next year. —AHRENS.
Purdue Riding Club: Election of officers Thursday, May 18, at 7:30 p. m. in the Student Union office. Full attendance is urged.
—SUMMERS. /Fraternity Presidents: Election of officers Thursday, May 18, at 8 :16 p. m. in the Kappa Sig House. A full attendance is necessary. —DEAN.
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting Thursday, May 18. at 7:16 p. m. in room 134 of the EE Building. Election of officers will be held. All active members please be present. —KECK.
YWCA: Cabinet meeting in YW office Thursday afternoon. May 18, at 4sp. m. —COOLEY.
Mortar Board.: Meeting of pledges at 4 P, m. and actives at 5 p. m. Thursday, May 18, in the WSGA office. —WOOD.
WAA Baseball: Games at 4 p. m.. Ward 1 and _3 vs. Chi Omegas and Alpha Xi vs. Pi Phi. Class baseball practices Friday, May 19, and Monday, May 22. One prac-
^11 the
DWER?
SEEDSJOHN mm. Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONI im
NOW IS THE TIME To Get That Camera You've Always Wanted EASTMAN LEICA BELL HOWELL \ ARGUS New low prices on Eastman Cameras THE FOSTER SHOP
Phone 4900
East Side Square
Put your household furnishings in our hands and, presto, you have the equivalent of a perfect servant at surprisingly small cost. We guarantee to return your belongings, cleaned and rejuvenated, exactly as you want them. Ultra modern equipment and extra care assure you of complete satisfaction. Call today for information on our low prices. CROWN UUNDRY
y'om Soft Lights Sweet Music and FLOWERS
For the '"big" dance of the year certainly her corsage should be the finest. Clark's feature the latest styled corsages, offering the finest selection of hybrid orchids, and all other type of corsage flowers.
Service Directory
• Booktlertf
• Profcsiional
. ' "DEAC" ! Everythins for ■ Colf«0« Education | H. G. REISNER ’
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119)4 Vine West Lofeyette Phono 4965
• Printing
• Jewelers
[PRINTING OMe* SUIIonaiy . . D I Wadding InvIUtloni PHONE ■ 2 6 S 8 CASSEL'S 408FERIty
R. C. EiSENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Locksmith KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for tninka, door locks, dssk Auto ksys s tpodafty. Weydsii, scnostoriss and ropairifig.
y ,
the Purdue Exponent