ft)'
, /
Bum or UNKNOWR 0^^^
IN MliO
■&m
SMa
'V
Sports Footballers Practice For Saturday's Tilt
Mditorhi is Sfudenf Spirit Important? See Page 2
Volume 53, No. 40
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, October 23,1941
Tonight
Entire Grid Squad Will Lead Student Alumni Dance
Torchlight Parade To StuarLField At 7
Sirens will shriek at ten minutes before 7 tlw Evening, signaling to the vast multitude of football fans that a festivity will begin shortly such that can be brought about only by a super Boilermaker pep session. The purpose of the rally is to give vent to steam accumulated in anticipation of victory over the University of Iowa on Saturday. Batteries of torches, carried by members of all social groups . . — ' —
tonight, will add a glow of mystery to the Homecoming affair. Mascot Leads Parade The University band will leave the Union, following the co-cap-tains in the Boilermaker Mascot, and march along State Street. At Waldron the torch light parade will turn, where women from the residence halls will join in the ranks of the mob. Cary Hall men will fall in line as the band blares into Stadium Avenue and thence to Stuart Field, where a large bonfire will already be blazing. All members' of the team will mount the platform between yells to state their attitude toward the game. Dr. Elliott, Joe Boland, Mai Elward and “Doc” Epple will also furnish talks. Prize- For Best Sign All fraternities, sororities, cooperative houses and other campus organizations are eligible for a prize offered by Gold Peppers, women’s activity honoiary, for the best sign displayed in the parade. Members of the club will decide the winner, who will receive a year’s subscription, to Life, magazine (to .start at any date the winning group selects). Dick DeGarmo, head yell leader, is chairman of the newly formed committee for pep sessions, whose plans are being used for the pep session tonight, r.w.b. Annual Military Ball Decoration Contest Closes Tomorrow Entrants in the annual decoration contest for Military Ball, which is being held November 14, must submit their ideas by 4 p.m. tomoirow to the Military Ball Committee. The contestant whose ideas for theme and decorations are the most original, appropriate and practical will be provided with a free bid to the Ball. The principal items to be designed are the backdrop, bandfronts, and decorations about, the ballrooms. They should be constructed according to a theme having Some connection with the occasion. All entries should be turned in to Bob Stecker, chaiiman of the decoration committee, in the Student Senate Office in the Union before tomorrow’s deadline, m.a.f.
Homecoming Banquet Will Open Festivities Tomorrow Hight At 6 Highlighting the opening activities this week-end will be the annual alumni Homecoming banquet which will be held in the Union tomorrow night at 6. This year’s banquet will honor Prof. P. E. “Spots” Emrick, director of the University band since 1905, six senior members of the 1916 football team and the members of the University Concert Choir which is celebrating the tenth anniversary of its organiza-
tion.
Portrait Unveiled A portrait of “Spots” Emrick, painted last summer by Randolph Coates, Hoosier artist, will be unveiled and presented by L. G. “Abie” Gordner, ’21, of Indianapolis. President Elliott 'v^fill accept it. Gordner headed a committee of other former band members who raised the necessary money. The Iowa alumni here on the University staff will have a table reserved for, them. Bruce Mahan, alumni secretary from Iowa, will attend the banquet. Sections have also been reserved for the Concert Choir, “P” Men and the 1917 Class. Charlie Spivak and his orchestra will furnish the dinner music for the banquet, b.w.s. Student Quota Filled For First Aviation Unit Purdue Aviation Cadet Unit No. 1 has filled its quota of 20 members, the Military Department announced today. Unit No. 2, however, is expected to be filled to capacity soon, for applications of 20 additional students are now being accepted. The Army Air Corps examining board will be at the Armoi-y October 28 to November 1; thereafter, it is imperative that the students interested should contact the Armory at once to arrange for their physical examinations. The Adjutant’s Office at the Armory has all the necessary information in connection with the Purdue Aviation Cadet Units and the Cadet Training Program, w.h.
Agricultural Freshmen Attend Annual Guidance Assemblies
By Dale Butz All agricultural freshmen are required to attend Agricultural Assemblies held every Tuesday and Thursday at 11 a.m. in the assembly room on the second floor of Agricultural Hall. Approximately half of the 210 freshmen in the School of Agriculture attend the assembly on Tuesday while the other half are at Corps day. On Thursday this procedure is reversed, and the ones iWho have Corps day on Tuesday attend the assembly in Agricultural Hall. These assemblies which have been held for the last 18 years are conducted for the purpose of acquainting the freshmen with the different options, departments and phases of the School of Agriculture and agricultural work. Also the assemblies afford the new students a chatreo to meet the faculty and upperclassrxren. Through these meetings they may get a “bird’s eye view of the field of agriculture.” Each Department Described Prof. V. C. Freeman, Associate Dean, and D. C. Pfendler, Assistant to the Dean, ari’ange and conduct the programs for these assemblies
which are surveys of the agriculture business. During the year, a representative of each department and option in the Agricultural School appears before the freshmen and describes some of the opportunities and limitUtions offered in their particular lines of work. Besides these regularly scheduled speakers, certain outside speakers such as Dean H. J. Reed, Dean A. A. Potter, men from the Bureau of Agricultural Economics and many others have appeared befor e the assemblies and talked to the freshmen on appropriate subjects. Several of the class periods are spent in discussing study methods and trying to get the students properly acclimated to University life. Assemblies Valuable According to Dean Freeman, these assemblies have been of valuable service in recent years in helping freshmen decide what option they will major in during their stay at the University. Also new students become better acquainted with the faculty, upperclassmen and the work in Agriculture carried on by
the University.
Homecoming Plans Offer Many Varied Week-End Activities Program To Include Games, Dance, Exhibits Banquets, football games, swimming exhibitions, dances, lawn exhiMts and class reunions are part of the gala Homecoming program which has been planned for returning alumni this week-end. Banquet Opens Festivities Annual alumni banquet tomorrow evening will open the week-end’s festivities. Later in the evening the reviewing and judging of the fraternity and sorority house decorations will take place. The Homecoming Mixer, featuring the music of Charlie Spivak and his orchestra, will climax the day’s activities. Saturday morning will feature a freshman football game on Stuart Field and a women’s hockey game on the women’s athletic field, which will be followed by several Class Luncheons in the Union. Returning alumni will also have a chance to Become re-acquainted with the campus through the medium of escorted tours during the morning. Iowa Game Holds Spotlight The Iowa football game of course holds the afternoon spotlight. After the game, members of the various classes will meet under banners on the gridiron for informal get-to-gethers and then will adjourn to the Union for a smoker and dance. Saturday night’s Homecoming dance will have Jack Kirk and his orchesti’a on the bandstand. Sunday morning a breakfast has been planired for alumni members of University musical organizations. A student musicale in the Music Room of the Union at 4 p. m. on Sunday will officially close the 1941 Homecoming, b.w.s. New Screen Review Shows Third Movie “Screen Review” will undergo the third in its series of weekly presentations this afternoon from 3 to 6 in the Music Hall. If the turnout of the student body continues in the satisfactory proportions of the past two weeks, “Screen Review” will iw doubt be incorporated as a regular Thursday afternoon feature. This afternoon’s program will include: “Respect the Law” at 3:05, 4:11 and 5:17; “Beautiful Bali” at 3:26, 4:31 and 6:37; Rubinoff and his orchestra at 3:34, 4:40 and 5:46; “News of the Day” at 3:44 and 4:60; and“Labor and Defense” at 3:62 and
4:68.
Passports are absolutely necessary for admission and no student will be admitted without one. a.p.h.
Tryouts
. . . for next Playshop production will be continued today from 4 to 7 p. m. in Fowler Hall. The play, “Petrified Forest,” by Robert Sherwood, is a drama of love and gangster action which takes place in the Arizona desert at a lonely barbeque. Wrn. L. Deam, assistant director, urges all inter-
ested to tryout, b.a.h.
Playshop Sells Tickefs Today For 'Our Town' Tickets ai'e on sale today f«r
Playshop’s next production, “Our hn'WStd McMsIcGtl Town,” Thornton Wilder’s Pulitzer w v wfvwf
Prize , winning play, at 60 cents each. The play will be given Nov.
1, at 8 p.m. in Fowler Hall. H. Kern Carmichael, Director of
Playshop, will supervise this production. The same cast will be used that presented “Our Town” during
this summer, b.a.h.
Will Feature Charlie Spivak Alumni and students will dance to the music of Charlie Spivak and his orchestra at the 1941 Homecoming dance which will be held in the combined ballrooms of the Union tomorrow night from 9 to 12. Charlie has long been noted for his excellent trumpet playing. His beautiful tone and phrasing have won him wide recognition in the dance band field. Though only 29 years old, he has played first trumpet for a great number of the notables of swing, such as Ben Pollack, the Dorsey Brothers, Ray Noble, Bob Crosby, Tommy Dorsey, and Jack Teagarden. Played At Glen Island Casino Spivak’s band has become widely known in the past year, following an extended engagement at the Glen Island Casino. The band is especially noted for its excellent arrangements of both sweet and swing numbers and its extensive library of music suited to every taste. The featured vocalist with the band is Garry Stevens. The admission price for the dance
is $1.50. d.e.g.
Organizations Rush Work On Decorations For Homecoming Day With Homecoming but two days away, fraternities, sororities and co-op houses are rushing to completion their respective decoiations for the occasion. As in the past, the Purdue Alumni Association will present trophies to the men’s house and the sorority having, in the opinion of the judges, the best exhibits. Last year the Theta Chi’s and the Pi Phi’s received the cups for their top ranking displays. These trophies become permanent possessions of the recipients. Official inspection of the decorations will take place tomorrow night and Saturday morning in order that the displays may be viewed in different lights find more competent judging results obtained. Moser To Head Judges The judging committee will be headed by Lloyd V. Moser, Lafayette architect and artist who has been appraising Homecoming exhibits for several years. The remaining members of the committee have not as yet been announced, but tomorrow’s Exponent will carry
their names.
In determining the cup winners, the judges will have the following in mind: appropriateness of the big idea or theme of the exhibit—to count 30 per cent; ingenuity, originality, cleverness shown in dressing up and presenting the theme— to count 60 per cent; compactness, balance and simplicity—to count 20
per cent, a.p.h.
Exponent Sports Staff All freshman an^ sophomore workers on the Exponent Sport’s Staff are requested to report at the Union Exponent Office immediately after the Homecoming game Saturday. All will be needed to edit the sport’s edition of the Exponent Sunday so it is imperative that you be
there.
Two Fire Departments Fight Flames Gutting Supply Rooip
. . . has been promoted to the rank of Captain, the^%^ar Department announced today. Captain McMaken, whose promotion becomes effective this month, has served in an instructor’s capacity on the University Military staff since Septem-
ber, 1940.
Lt. Col. Wood Wins U. S. Field Artillery ROTC Cadet Award Six Officers Receive Albert Smith Medals Cadet Lt. Col. F. J. Wood was presented the U. S. Field Artillery Medal as the climax to the first annual Cadet Officers’ smoker last night in the Union. Colonel Beeie made the presentation to the student officer. Wood was in first place in his class at the end of his junior
year.
Other awards that were made were the Albert Smith Trophy Medals to Cadet Captain J. R. Jones, Cadet 1st Lt. G. F. Kerkhoff and Cadet Major R. A. Kuntz. Gold, silver and bronze medals, respectively, were given them for having shown the most improvement of any member of their class during their junior year. Albert Sratth-''-fiProphy" •’Medals were also given to Cadet Col. A. A. Topp, Cadet Col. R. A. Dibos and Cadet Col. W. A. Campbell. Gold, silver and bronze medals, I’espectively, were given them for having been highest in their class at the end of the summer ROTC Camp at Port Knox, Ky. Mellin Awarded Cary Cup Cadet Lt. Col. Robert D. Mellin was awarded the Frank M. Cary Cup for Junior Gunnery after a very close finish in the competition. Out of a possible 200 points he obtained 192.8 in the competition. The other leading students were Cadet Lt. Col. L. L. Stahl (192.6), Cadet Lt. Col. W. R. Farber (192.6), Cadet Col. W. A. Campbell (192.3) and Cadet Col. A. A. Topp (191.9). D. W. Christman, chairman of the committee, acted as master of ceremonies for the evening. The program included the showing of slides and movies taken at Fort Knox, Glee Club entertainment with novel •songs and Battery “A” competing against Battery “B” in telling stories of the summer camp, r.t.q. Art Exhibition Shows Rubenkoenig Works Until November 1, a collection of multi-coloied paintings by Mrs. Harry Rubenkoenig will be on exhibition in the Union Music Room. Mrs. Rubenkoenig, the wife of a University professor, is a local hobby artist. The exhibition consists of landscapes and still life paintings in oil and water colors. The scenes depicted are varied, ranging from snow-capped mountain peaks to sunny equatoiial beach scenes. Mrs. Rubenkoenig is self-taught, except for a few lessons from Sister Rufinia at St. Francis School in Lafayette and from Cariani, famed Brown County artist, h.e. Alpha Gamma Rho . . . social fraternity, will their annual pledge dance Saturday night from 9 to 12 p.m. in Allen’s Ballroom. Bob Fowler and his orchestra from Frankfort will provide the music for the annual af-
fair.
Kappa Delta Pi , . . education honoraiay for prospective teachers, announces the pledging of Margaret Duncan, Marjorie Yeager, Wilmer Reibold, Joan Nelson and Bermard Jonas,
Smoke, Flame Damage Shoes, Uniforms; 2 Firemen Overcome By Lee Ruffner, Exponent Managing Editor A fire from unknown causes broke out in the’University Armory about 10:30 last night causing damage which could not be estimated officially at press time. Apparently starting from an explosion in the supply room in the basement of the building the fire baifled attempts of the West Lafayette Fire department and a student volunteer corps for more than half an hour before entrance to the burn-
ing room could be gained.
Regular army sergeant Benjamin Paris effected entrance through the steel door that backs the wooden barrier through which firemen, equipped with hatchets, had cheerfully battered their way some time before. Up to this time attempts had been made to control the blaze
with streams of water directed through the also-battered window? on the University street side of the
building.
Even after entrance was gained the flames grew in intensity becatise firemen, even though equipped with gas masks, were unable to combat the flame and smoke which rose in clouds from both entrances to the For the conyenience of those room,
who cannot attend the nation- Students, both eds and coeds, clad al interfraterpity conference every type of dress and^uudresa
at New York, the regional
Regional Fraternity Convention To Meet At UniversityOct. 31
meeting o f middle-western states is to be held on campus October 31 and November 1. Heading the list of speakers will be H. C. Northcott, clergyman and trustee of Northwestern University, who will guide discussions on fraternity leadership and good will. Local speakers will include R .B. Steward, Dr. Scheuch and W. A. Bodden; while guest speakers will be Fred Mitchell, Dean of Men at Michigan State University, G. H. Smith, Dean of Men at DePauw University, and Paul C. Bean, national officer of Phi Delta Theta fraternity. Delegates Stay At Fraternities This conference is to be along the
BULLETIN
At press time last night, the blaze was out although two trucks from the Lafayette Fire Department had joined the equipment already‘on the scene. The amount of damage was still unknown. Colonel D. M. Beere, Professor of Military Science and Tactics, stated last night that classes would continue today on schedule. He also stated that the demerit list HAD been saved. Two West Lafayette firemeny George McCormick and Qaxmond Bossing were overcome by smoke and were taken to St. Elizabeth hospital.
assisted (?) the fire force in the maneuvering of the hoses and other
lines of the one held at Ohio State equipment. A large crowd of quiet last year; and, as usual, delegates but interested students surrounded will stay at the various chapter the south door of the building and houses during their visit to the cam- observed the proceedings, pus. The affair had its humorous side Northcott, whose words will set too, as the basic military students the pace for the meeting, is well on the scene prayerfully considered known in educational circles, and the possibility of an early demise has been active in the Wesley Foun- of the department’s demerit list, dation in addition to his work on Pajama-clad coeds added an happy the Northwestern campus. His home touch of color to the drab smokeis at Champaign, Illinois. filled scenery. lU sabotage was It is expected that several na- suspected, of course, but no FBI tional secretaries of local frater- agents had arrived on the scene by nities will be present as well as del- midnight last night, egates. The program will end with It was pure coincidence that 4 a final banquet on Satuiday night, cadet officers’ smoker had been held November 1. b.g.s. earlier in the evening. Concert Choir Will Celdbrate Tenth Anniversary This Week
By Gordy Hoffman / '
University Concert Choiif will celebrate its tenth anniversary^is week-end with a varied pi’egrfini. The Concert Choir was founded at the beginning of the 1931-32 school year under the sponsorship of the University Religious Council. First appearance of the choir was at the Circle Theatre in Indianapolis. Since then the choir has been^ featured on many programs throughout the st^te and the Middlewest.
Tryouts Select Members
Albert P. Stewart, director of the choir since its founding, was director of the Gills’ Glee Club at the time of the Concert Choir’s founding. The 22 members of the original groups were selected by tryouts held for the entire student body, while the 33 select voices in today’s choir aie chosen fiom the 250 members of the Univei-sity Choir. The Concert Choir’s first manager was Theodoie W. Agnew while R. C. Keller was the first accompanist. Today, these jobs are held respectively by Jim Chase and
#1
Joanne Lloyd.
Many of the choir’s alumni arq returning for the anniversary program planned for the week-enck There will be a registration table in the Great Hall of the Union 1^ ginning at 4 p.m. tomorrow for HiB choir alumni. Special tabies haqq been reserved at the Homecomtolf Banquet tomorrow night for past and piesent choir member*
who attend.
Following the game Saturday, q tea and recital will he held in tItNl second floor rehearsal room of tllft Music Hall from 4:30 to 6 p.m. Last event on the gala program is a breakfast to be held ai; 9 a. in, Sunday morning in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Tieksta for this informal get-togethyt iXfa priced at 45 cents each. ’ ' Members of the present ehotr il| charge of arrangements for the niversary are as follows: Richard Buffingtonj tea, Wood; breakfast, Marjorie WilKaip^ son; registration,Editorial
^uf^diy^ Octiabdr 2^0
PEF: Student Spirtt Has Plentyj Of Inf luence On The Final Score
Purdue hasn’t won a Homecoming football game since 1938. We lost to Wisconsin last year and to Iowa the year before. We won that 1938 game from Wisconsin in the last half, and those who remember that Saturday afternoon like to think' that one of the main reasons for that victory was the spirit displayed by the student cheering section. Nothing like it had been heard before, and since then there has been no display of enthusiasm that has equalled it. A Purdue team that had been outplayed the first half and was trailing by a touchdown returned at the end of halftime to be greeted by a roar that didn’t die down until the game was over. They scored two touchdowns that half and defeated Wisconsin. It’s cei'tain that the enthusiasm and cheei'ing during the second half was a major factor in snapping the players out of the lethargy that gripped them during the first part of the game. Saturday we play Iowa, and the boys from Iowa City will trot into Ross-Ade Stadium determined to upset Purdue’s plans for a Homecoming victory. Whether they do or not is a matter partly up to the student body. Of course, the football players are the ones that actually scoie the touchdowns, but if we display a spirit similar to tliat of the Wisconsin game three years ago, we’re going to have
plenty of influence on the final score. Tonight there’s a parade and pep session. In the past they have been held on Friday nights for home football games, but now for the first time the whole football squad will attend a Homecoming rally. Those who have planned this pep session wanted to have the . players there so that they could receive a big dose of that fighting spirit displayed in 1938 and at the parades befoi;e the Pittsburgh and Ohio State games this year. ■ This isn’t requiring much of the students.. All that is asked is that they get out there tonight and show that on Saturday afternoon they’ll back the team. That’s an easy job compared with the one before these players. Football is their business, and defeat stings. For 60 minutes of playing time, the men on the field experience more hope and disappointment than the most ardent supporter in the stands dan ever know. They, not the students, have to take the jeers and battering on the field and from the stands and the press when they’re off the field. The football squad is a group of individuals who eat. think, go to classes, and feel as much as the rest of theiy fellow students. Tonight they will be looking to us for backing and support. Let’s show that we are proud of them, and make them proud of us.
Moscow will not burn, though it may be pounde'd to pieces. . The Russians have concealed heavy artillery on the rolling hills around Moscow, and the fortifications are strong enough to prevent any rapid advance into the city. Therefore the Nazis are expected to attack chiefly by air and by starvation. i Encirclement of the city in . the same manner that the RumahianNazi army surrounded Odessa is sure to be Hitler’s tactics. Note—Military hindsight is always easier than foresight, and now it is known that one reason for the Nazi pounding of Leningrad in the north and Kiev in the south was to draw General Timoshenko’s forces from the center. This ruse was successful. Timoshenko sent out wings of defense both ’to 'the north and south. Then the Nazis, with their greater mobility, withdrew part of their forces from Leningrad arid Kiev, and .rushed through the center. . Now that he is back from Mexico, Senator Josh Lee of Oklahoma Can
VttSllllMTOH MERRY-QO-
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
picture, and the. State Department, strong fleet in the Pacific, and the always a bit appcasemcnt-inindcd. United States had no worries about chimed in with him. the Atlantic.
Roosevelt Puts Damper On War-Talk About Japan; Nazi Advance Explained WASHINGTON,' Oct. 22, 1941.— White House advi.sers have noticed a significant change in the President during the pre-sent jKU'iod of tenseness with Japan. It may be the natural cautiousness of any man upon whose'shoulders rests the major decision of war. Or equally important, it may be the very cautious advice of Admiral Stark, Chief of Naval Operations. At any rate, the President, during recent days, appears to be. putting the brakes on any bellicose talk about the Far East. A year or so ago, he was just the opposite, completely confident the Japanese were boxed in, cocksure his Navy would have ’em on the run in any showdown. But last week Admiral Stark painted a much more pe.ssimistic
However, by no means everyone in the Navy agrees with Admiral Stark. Younger naval officers counter Stark’.s argumdnt that the U.S. Fleet is scattered all over two oceans by pointing out that the British now have seven big war units (many of them battleships) on the west coast which could be rushed into any battle of the Pacific. And to the State Department’s argument that every month of waiting weakens the Japanese through our embargo oil raw materials, these officers point out'that every week of the Russian campaign weakens pur chief potential ally in the Far East even more. Finally, the younger group inside the Navy believes that Navy morale is now at its peak, has the support of American public opinion, arid that morale will be in the doldrums if kept waiting too long. It would be natural to discount the enthusiasm of the .younger officers, if it were not for the fact that Admiral H. E. Kimmel, Commander-in-Chief of the Fleet, and one of the most important men in the Navy, appears to agree with them. Note: Three years ago, when it was jiroposed that the U. S. Navy cooperate with the British in a longdistance naval blockade to shut off the raw materials of war from the Japanese military clique, it was'Admiral Stark who said No. Admiral Leahy, former Chief of Naval Operations, then Governor of Puerto Rico, emphatically opposed him, always maintained, that that was the time to act when the British Fleet was in its prime, Russia had a
Diplomatic dispatches from Moscow report that the Soviet capital probably will not burn easily, except for one particular building. This is the American Embassy. Because some of the structural materials are inflammable, the Embassy is expected to burn like a lumber yard, if it should catch fire. Furthermore it is a white structure standing out on the square opposite the Kremlin, an easy mark for bombers. That was one reason most of the Embassy staff was moved out long ago. The rest of Moscow, however, will not be easily destroyed, first because of the city’s predominating brick and stone construction; second, because of the concentric circles of wide avenues which will prevent, fires from spreading. Therefore,
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
WE WANT TO PLEASE YOU We go a long way to make your dinner, your steak or yoiiJ* Sandwiches a success. Food Specialties You'll Remember TOM’S RESTAURANT 301 University St.
ARC
TODAY thru SATURDAY
PoramounI Presents . Clarence E.Mulford’s „ IIN OLD COLORADO ' Featuring WILLIAM BOYD
ALSO
'CAPT. MARVEL' PATHE NEWS
[FACTORY ADVERTISING SALE ONE HOUR ONLY, THURSDAY 4 P.M. TO 5 P.M
$15 ""UNDERWOOD FOUR SHAVING EDGES
Only too to he sold ul this 1-hour salt—hy arrangement with the nianiifacturer of thisiBiitilinally-adverliscd dry ahaver we arc limited to 100 only. We auggeat you att^d tSia sale early to avoid diaamiointincnt.
IF YOU CANNOT ATTKND THIS 1 SALE. LEAVE MONEY HEFOKE SALE AND YOUR SHAVER M'ILL BE SAVED FOR YOU.
SHAVER
TWO SHAVING HEADS
DOUBLE
HEAD
Ju8t pluff jji and shave. Will pay for itself in saviiiifs on hludes, soap,
orusli, powder, etc.
1942 NEW MODEL
NO CATCH TO THIS—Just pay and it*s yours 'J'he Only Dry Shaver in the World
With All These Features
Ivory Case, Rubber Grip, Pi#rtex Poueli Lifetime Guarantee I)c Luxe Shavinsr Head — Distinctive SlreainJined Desijfn—Self Sharpeniiiff— No Radio Interference—Precision Built —Tool Steel Cutting- Blades—Self-Start-ing—Approved by Underwriters Lub.— Multiway—All-Beard Pick-Up—Requires Nu Oiling, ,
This is the only time Underwood DoubleHead Dry Shavers Will Be Sold for. less than $15.00 iii this
city.
LIMIT 2 TO A COUPON
COLLEGE BOOK STORE
eat steak and mushrooms. He went below the Rio Grande to attend a travd congress in Mexico City, and after a few meals of arros con polio tiiid frijoles; he hungered for\a glpod American stestk with mushrooms. Going into a restaurant, the Senator from Oklahoma prepared to enjoy himself. But he couldn’t speak Spanish, and the waiter couldn’t speak English. So Josh Lee resorted to picture wi’iting. He drew a picture of a cow, and beside the cow he drew two mushooms. i “Si! Si!” said the waiter; and he darted away. Presently he came back, bring two umbrellas, arid a ticket to the bull fight. “And that,” says Senator Lee, “is how I happened to go to-the bull figbL JBy...the,..time ..that §'ocy,„specr tacle.- was over-,' I didnlt want -any.
IliikiN
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE THEY HID FROM OW .IN EACH OTHER’S ARMS!
steak and mushrooms,” Here -is the inside story behind the report that Burt Wheeler would resign his Senate seat and run for re-election to prove that Montana supports his isolationist crusade. . Wheeler’s worries started when a state-wide poll conducted by the Great Falls News, previously strong for AVheeler, showed sentiment better than two to one against him. At first Wheeler pooh-poohed the poll. Later Representative
James O’Connor, Wheeler , henchman who is being groomed secretly to run against Senator Jim’Murray, returhed to Montana for a personal purvey. O’Connor found so little isolationist sentiment that he lined up for the draft extension bill. Whereupon Wheeler decided to rush home himself. What he found jolted him. Long the Democratic boss of Mbntgha', Wheeler discovered he rio longer (Continued on ^»age 4) ' TODAY-FRI.-sat;; TWi pIRST RUN HITS MOONSHlNERSt
PAT O’BRIEN GERAlDlNE FITZGERALD BINNIE BARNES FRANK McHUGH
— PLUS — A Robinhood of the Old West when California first heard the ..frenzied cry of gold! GENTLEMAN FROM CALIFORNIA With RICARDO CORTEZ MARJORIE WEAVER
I SHELDON LEONARD • BARBARA ALj.EN (Vera Vague) - EDWARD BROPHY • WARREN HYMER leiARS mu
for the funniest of all Aldrich Family hit$U
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
U make
On many of the defense projects encountered by the Bell System, the work sheets — showing telephone facilities needed and time allowed—would make a good, conservative engineer’s hair stand on end. For example, take the Navy^s huge new air base near Corpus Christi, Texas, which covers 14,>/00 acres, includes 29 separate flying fields and 481 buildings. Closely connected with the base are Defense Housing projects for 1700 families. Imagine the complex problems involved in planning telephone facilities for this new "city” wliere formerly there were sand duneij—in obtaining and installing miles and miles of wire and cable, switchboards, telephones by the thousand. But telephone engineers and coqstruction men took hold —proceeded to shatter reeords—completed their huge task in seemingly impossible time. For men with the "will to do,” there’s a real thrill in such Bell System work!
SEE WHAT GOES ON BEHIND THE DOORS OF A MODEL^S BOUbOIRH
Can a beautiful modeb**^ DARINGLY, ' p
WHAT HAPPeW^ BCflINO THE DOOR$ Of A XTWlj/
SOmtY, NO MAIL ORDERS!
PLUS THIS DARING INTIMATE FEATURETTE HOW TO BECOME A MODEL INTRIGUING - SENSATIONAL - REVEALING
MIDNITE SHOWS ONLY TONITE-FRIDAY-SATURDAY
Tickets on Sale 10:30 p. mi ADULTS ONLY ALL SEATS 35c PLUS tax
; m- %
'hA A A
Thuriday^ JOetobBt: 23, 1941
.^.^JSoiIermaken SjfiQrts. Parade.
'!' ratw u.t'p— Fmtermty Bowling Thiirs^f^y, Octojiei; 2^ 6:30 PI Kapp9 Phi vs l^hi Kappa Sigma Phi Kappa Tap vs’Peta ■Stgma Psi Thata Ghi vs Aipha Tap 0|pp;ga Theta Xi vs Pi Kappa Alpha Lambda Chi Alpha vs Beta Theta ipi t ■> t S 8:45 Triangle Vs Phi KappP Psi Sigma Nit vs Phi Kappa PlU'Crpmma Peljta vs A^phP Chi Bho Tap Kpsdion Phi vs Delta Upsilon Kappa Delta Rho vs Tau Kappa Rpspfon
IM Schedules
fOVCHBAI^L }> Thursday, Octabey Field , , 1 Phi Delta Theta V8 Delta Chi Pernhayd ^ 2 Delta Upsilon vs Theta Chi Berman 8 ^au K^pa Kpsilon vs Delta T^u Delta 4 Sigipa^ Bi vs Bbi Kappa Bvurghaydt 5 Phi Kappa Sigma v8"Phi Sigma Kappa Tepas 6 Beta Thtrta Pi vS Phi Kappa Pai Meyer 7 Beta ^igma Psi vs Pi Kappa Phi Captain jt 8 Lambda Chi Alpha Vs Tau Kpailop Phi Rafferty 9 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 1 Zebrhig m r SOFTBALL ffinal game) Thursday, October 28 Field ' 2 D-d vs B 3 8 Sigma Alpha Epsilon va AlPibg GgS?‘ nia Rho'*’* Olds—“^Jones Umpires
Ti SMOOTHEST OK THE 1 Wim BAEL?
IHC. WEST LAFAYETTE
Cnlleqe’s Other Half
Social Activity at JhjL fiWvdMSL TUsumydoL ^ULnjbfL The Corner af the Campus — ^ Yet the Center of Activities
jm It's A Tdu^h Problem Fbw Beii^n,e yeabze the seriousness of the problem which the athletic departmeHliilBoeM each year in bringing athletes to Pursue and in |ii»djjq^ Tjrofk |or them. , lit iHEie |ir«t plaes, PwcMie m mmf) its being situated in the smallest town pf hny twm in the eoufejrence, Tgiie, the cmubmied combni^t<on *nd West Lafayette^ exceeds that of Rloomm^^fuBi but then the river flowing jbetween the cities makes a very big difference iAsofi^lth^'hrrilngin^ for Jobs is concerned. • SpiMR Oth^iri P^y More j, The problpm has become nsioie acute in the past few years with the increased offerings to Hoosier athletes of other mstitutions m IndiBim an^ from other states far and neai 5 Another pom$ of disadvantage with our own rival state institution, Indiana, is* the difference in the type pf school and the residences of the
studmrfc body
l^ost of the students at Indiana a^e fiom nearby communities And they study law or medicipe oi business n^dministiatipn to go back to their
home city and become the leading citjzpns of that city
; ftvet 4&i(>er cent of the Purdue student body i&irom out of state, and the great mBlority of them are engineering students Which means that they will find jobs in South America and Timbuctoo rather than become
iWdeis in Hoosiei cities '
• Hoosier Alumni Are Mostly Right Here ^ ^ It all results in the Indiana Alumni being so strong and so well lopai^d that they exeicise their piidp m having good athletic teams at them alma matej^, many time^,m n finapeial mapife^rj, urging as many
pf the local boys to Bloomington as is possible
‘ While the Purdue alumni aie scattered to the foui coiners of the ppith, veiy willing, but not well situated to help the situation ; It has also been brought to my alitention seyeraj timep. that j,the |ia* teimities on our campus are not as cooperative as they are in many of the confeicnce universities If anything, the move seems to be away
fiom mcieased aid to athletes • They're Worth A Lot
Pel haps this is because some of the organizations aie losing sight of the fact that athletes ape ^ valuable a paxt of a hohse as pre any other activities men, and many times, from a national viewpoint, more so Is not an All American athlete more of a boon to a Greejij pifganization than pven a Union officer, oi a Debris editorship, or an athletic managei ’ Ih haa also bfien jmy phspivat^ion.,. though somewhat Jimited, that thp aid of the T^ni’^ersity m furnishing jobs for athletes is very much less here,than it is m many of the remaining nine (oi eight without Chicago)
Rig schools ’ **''
' A
t . ^oilermafeers Prepri lepiuiAwails Chance _* ,, * i L,f.w For OiBef Saiiirday For HomecominO Clail
Polishing the already pptent Riveter passing attack aiwf
Iowa S unsteady eleven, with a defense against Iowa's plays occupied the major portion of yest^^yB a not particularly outstanding lengthy football dwlL Again the performances of the sppbpmora^^i^ record for its first contests highlighted the- practice. > , y this season, is expecting to With part of the squad Immg dp m the numerous Im^forpiai^ . ^ I. ‘i C( V J tFie first and second stnng lines-were given their first glimpse of fnt Sta^e a comebgck Saturday offense they will be up against Saturday afternoon. ^ afternoon in the Homecoming . Healthy * clash m Ross-Ade Stadium. slaught. Another setback was bapjledjtki!| Qood start In the backfield Coach Anderson luckless Boilermaker squadb^yeitf^E^ Although the Hawkeyes ran has a passing combination which ^ay when it was learned that through Drake University to the consistently “clicked so far Rossi, giant first-stnng taeldOr tune of 26 8 in their initial tilt, ^ ^ ^ classification folloa^
1 , ’ pound halfback, although not a very his draft physical exammatum^brnt their outstanding accomplishment ^ack, and not rated high as a week
was in the Michigan game, October ball carrier, is Iowa’s main punter event that big A when they held the Wolverines and passer Youel played full-time service, ho a single tpuphijown, losing 6-0. against the Boilermakers last year, probably be fHled After Michigan trounced Pitt 40 0, Passing Threat by “Pinky” Wa^n, who in Ins aplowa’s tight defense was rated high Half-back Youel’s passes are di- pearances so fai this season has among sports statisticians rected mainly to Bill Cieen, hold- perfoimed in fine fashion Warren, Last week, however, Wisconsin’s ipg down fullback position, who is a junior this year, is one of the grid team thrilled the Badger fans a strong threat in the Hawkeye of- most spirited and ambitious fel-
at Madison by tripping the Hawk- fensives Creen led the Iowa giound- lows on the team eyes, 23 0, completely ovei whelm- gainers in 1940 with 483 yaids in g^ock Shines
mg the smaller Iowa eleven Despite 115 trials A former high school t r'li t M
the fact that the Boilermakeis’ op dash star, he constantly woiries op- ®
ponents of this Saturday have been ponents by his fast cutting back ® “ were pu^an mg
slow in getting started, they still ability He and Youel kept the ball
have plenty of pep and power, pel- deep in Michigan territory two addition to chucking the bsH was haps enough to put a crimp in the weeks ago with then short, sideline ® r^eiving en of seveca lo^ Riveter stvle nasses splendid showing; of Captain Bill Diehl, 6’ 2”, 200 Bernard “Bus” Mertes, flashing Passers i„ the Pitt QhW
pound centei, has been a laige fac- right-half on the Iowa squad, has ^
f T , . w ^ 4. £ j j u 71 tion that the Riveters will take to
tor in Iowa’s tight line defense plenty of powei and speed built inCo^ch jSddie Andeison, head Hawk to his thick legs, last year getting eye coach, claims that Diehl is able off for long luns against Illinois to “smell out” offensive plays long This yeai he displayed that same before they bieak This sturdy cen speed in the Drake clash, where he tei was the mainstay in holding swept defensive ends for
back the rugged Michigan on- gajns
Rig
• What^s the Answer ' ^ ■* The answer to the problem’ We don’t know Pei haps increased co-<
416 MAIN
Get Your Style Right Shirts — ARROW SHIRTS DEWENTER'S
. 416 MAIN
^ ^ J ''Wh ere have I t seen that shirt before?^
You’ll see Arrow shirts all over the campus By actual ’ survey, two out of three cdllege nien ^rcf^r Arrows! Every Arrow lifea a smart new Arrow collar (sloped for comfort), every Arrow has Mitoga figure-fit (for trimness) , and eVery one is Sanforized-slirunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). Get some today’ ^2, up. Spriice with Airow ties tliat harmonize. $1, $1.50.
the air Saturday against the Hawk-
eyes
Anothei blight spot in the Riveter attack dm mg the last weelcba^ lopg th® much improved playipg of Bill Ehrlich, junior Ipft g^iard.
“Chucker” seemingly has found qperahbn by fFaternity houses m giving jobs to athletes would help girag
Peyhaips tfie two home cities should cooperate further in furnishing good
honest jobs to deserving athletes. Perhaps the Upiveisity should become e s ar mg er , a litHe more conscious of the growing situation. In all probabilities a ^ came is own m e combination of these three factors would ceitainly be a great aid ^ ® ^ ^ fi ^ j There can be no doubt that something is going to have to be done if twenty mi^tes of the toughest kmd
Purdue is to maintain a high standard in the conference If you think ® ^
this Asij’t true, look at the size pf the present freshman football squad. Carter Rack . , the smallest in several years Or take a gandesr at the number of out- With the return of Red Garter standing athletes on the 1941 yearling hardwood squad By hook or by and Barry French to action last crook, by fair means or foul, other schools are getting the jump on the night, the injury list is gradually cream of the surrounding athletes What are we going to do about it? getong back to normal Red seemed
m fine shape after his two week’s layoff feom practice due to a side mpirpi French suffered a reoccurrence of an old ankle injury Monday, but was back in uniform yesterday taking pait in dummy scrim-
Jpage.
Wes 'Stevens, not fully recovered from a tackle shoulder leceived at the beginning of the season, received a pamful arm injury during scrimmage yesterday which may keep him out of the Homecoming encounterrSaturday^j’SPds"
fsME mim FOR MEDICO RFES^,
jErMT-r Mlli I PACKED ONLY IH THIS RED 8 BUCK BOX y 66 Baffle Filter whirl-cools smoke; traps juices^JI^
■ nicotine in pipes, cigarette
^ For These Rainy Days ^ Complete Your Fall Wardrobe jm With an Alligator Coat From /
'^juIIwnX.
«*OOI>^-l»RtraFII«5
vl •*
l/". *- P-i-g. -clymtyr—tf HUP
205
LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHORS 5 c PER: SXt I Gic 'M'l'NiMU V
Get Your
aIiRC)^ silRTS
at
Inc. WEST LAFAYETTEPursue Exhonenf < ^unSayt dctoSer 23, 1941 '*
• /••fkJkfv.;
'^k\'
AVfiAA Merry-Co-Round
i6:D0—News Curio Man
ii 10:15—WBAA, Presents
, 10:30—Listen While You Work : 11:00—^Federated Clubs A 11:16—^Music kfii:0O—Parent Teacher Associa■k . tion’ . '' ll :50—^Purdue News ti 12:00—Agricultural Forum k:i2:16—Meetthe Band kl2:46—Markets kj 1:00—Souvenirs !;M:30—Science Review ; 1:46—Music ■ ;;j2:00—A Story a Day ;; 2:16—^The A^othiecary K 2:30—Music - 2:46—^Treasure Chest I 3:00—News ; 3:10—Music <' 8:16—Afternoon Melodies 3:30—Musical Round-up , 4:00—Tea Time Tunes ; 4:16-—^Heard In the Hallway k 4:30—David Simpson—^pianist ■if 4:46—Little Miss Muffet 6:00—Just Relax 6:30—^Vespers 6:46—Curio Man h 6:60—News 6:00—Dinner Music 6:30—Sports 6:46—The Magic Carpet , 7:00—^“Principles of Sociology’ k With Pi’of. T. K. Noss 7:60—Music . 8:00—Story of the Opera ' 8:30—Eventide Echoes 8:46—Sacred Music , ; 9:00—Concert Master j 9:30—Music ■ 9:50—News
(Continued from page 2) ruled the roost. Some of the politicos were still giving him lip service, but most, of the important organization leaders Were against him. Beared and furious, Wheeler launched two counter-bolts. One was the story, put out through a friendly press source^ that he planned to resign and run against Murray, who comes up for re-election next year. The other move was a series of public meetings to woo back waning political support. Both moves boomeranged. Instead of being frightened by the resignation story, the politicos challenged Wheeler to run. That was the last heard of the matter. At public meetings he was egged, booed and heckled. So now Wheeler is secretly trying to organize a coalition of isolationist Republicans and Democrats to enter a full slate of state and congressional candidates under a new third party label, the “America First Party.” Note—One reason why political leaders laughed at Wheeler’s threat to resign was that this automatically would make him lose his chairmanship of the powerful Interstate Commerce Committee—a highly prized post which he uses constantly to aid the isolationist cause. It was through this chairmanship that Wheeler engineered the movie probe and named the isolationist-packed committee to conduct it. (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Purdue Exponent
Fencers: All men with'fencing exporjenoc repprt, to the thircl ' flcfor of the Fieldhouse. Tuea., Wed., or Thurs., Oct. 21, 22, or 28 between 8 nnd B p.m. Bring gym shoes and equipment if possible. —TOWER
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section llOS, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.B0 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Sigma Delta Chi: Dinnqr meeting for all actives Wednesday, Ost. 29, at O” p.m.; 'at Sycamore. —-TRADGOTT •
PUrdue Gyninastic Club: Wractlce every week-day from 4-6 p.m. Tupibllng and hand-baiancirig every Tues., Thurs., and Sat, Apparatus, work every 'Mon., Wed. and Pri. Those; interested are asked to work out at the indicated tiines. , —FOZER
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting for introduction , of new foreign student advisor and eledtioh of hational convention officers Will be held in Room 303 of the Union Friday, October 24, at 4:30 p.m. Anyone interested in the club is welcome. —KELLAR
N. Y. A. Workers: Chefeks for period ending Oct. 7 are now available at Cashier’s office in the Executive Building. -,-HOLLENSBB '
Independent Women: All independent,Women are invited to the annual independent dessert party Thursday,' Oct. 28, at 7:80 p.m. in the Faculty Lounge of the 'Union. —BUTTNER
Purdue Christian Fonn'datien: Everyone is Welcome to Halloween party Friday night, Oct. 24„ at 8 p.m. Come masked or pay a forfeit. Party will be held at Christian Church. r —WAMPLER
Classified Ads
Editor-in-Chief........ News Editor ....... Managing Editor.... Business Manager..
..........Ned A. Oehiltree John L. Traugott Leland W. Ruifner Don'S. Powers
tiimlct-Activcs and Pledges: Delta, Tau Delta will be host for the regular dinnec,, meeting on Thurs. evening, Oct. 23 at 6* p.m. —JOHNSON
Alpha Lambda Delta: All members wanting pins must place order before Wednesday, Oct. 29. Price is $8.76.'Bring or , send money to South Hall, room 238. —gornthwaite
WAA Speedballt Tournament game Thursday, Oct. 23, oh the field at 4 p.m. Yellow versus Blue. —GALBRAITH
Typewriters: Adding machines, all PjaWi sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph and multigraph work done. C. J. Ehershoff, 605 Main Phone 2779, Lafayette. i
Notices
Mechanical Engineers: The American Society of Mechanical Engineers membership applications may: be obtained in the f:eneral office of the Mechanical Engineers building. . . —BOLZ
Alpha Lambda Delta Initiates : Dues must bo paid before Wednesday, Oct. 29. Bring or send $4.26 to South Hall, roonfi 233. -GORNTHWAITE
Engineer Workers: Thursday workers: Patterson, Wormser, Hoffman, L. V, Morgan, Friedman, Plothow and Glunt. Please report. —WORTHINGTON
Money to Loan: on anything of value; Albert’s Loan Office. Pawnbrokers and. Jewelers, 407 Columbia St,
Sigma Delta Chi Pledges: Got your plaques from the office by Tuesday, October 28, or they will be thrown away. / , , —TRAUGOTT
Catalyst;Actives and Pledges: Formal initiation has been changed from Wed., Oct. 22 to .Thurs., Oct. 23 in room 302 of the Chem and Met Building at 7 :30 p.m. Pledges bring full boxes. All members sign list in Dr. Lovell’s office. —YODER
Alpha Zeta: Don’t miss meeting on Thursday, Oct. 23, in Room 261 of the Union. Bring semester’s dues. —SWAIM
Military Students: The following students are asked to try out for the piStoi team October ,27 at 4:00 p.m, in the Armory: C. E. Bbsma, M; E. Bunker, K. S. Burnside, D. D. Dial, C. W. Dolk C. D. Emerson, B. C. Fricke, J. R. Hoesdel, B. M. Ice, J. H. Loudenbacki R. M. McKee, R. A. Nussmeier, R. Vanveld and H. Wakeland. —BROWN
; P. A. O. Sophomore Workers: All workers who work on Tuesdays and Thursdays please report to office at 4 p.m. on .Thursday, Oct. 28. —PFENNINGEB
Single Room: First floor. Next to bath. . Private -family, roasonaMe, 410 Maple Sti Phone 86683; . j ' '
Exponent Ag Beat Sophomores: Meeting Thursday, Oct. 23, at 4:30 p.m. in Exponent office. —BROPHY
Lost: Log-Lbg-Slide Rule. Initials R. A. D. on case. Ralph Disc engraved on rule brace. Call—Disc, 8444.
WAA: No girl can enter modern dance after Friday, Oct. 24. Practices this week are Wednesday, Oct. 22, and Friday, Oct. 24 at 4:00 p.m. —SERBAN
All Sophomore Union Workers: Important meeting Thursday afternoon, October 23, at 4 :16 in room 303 df , the Union concerning tickets for the Union show. Everyone please be there. , —GOSSETT.
Sociology 75: Section H will not meet Thursday, Oct. 23 in the morning, but will meet in the evening. However, Section E will meet as usual. —-NOSS
Student vVanted to Work tor his room. Phone 3768. /
Lost:- Lady’s white gold wristwatch at O.S.U. pep session. Reward. Room 101, W. R. H. .
Purdue 'Wheelmen: Ride Sunday, Oct. 26, at 2:30 p.m. Meet in front of Executive Building. Ail bicyclists invited. —VANDERBILT
Lost: Black billfold containing valuable papers. Call Paul Baumgardt, 4368. Reward.
DEAG’S
- y
M. E. MOREHOUSE
-«•• H *■
DAIRY
■4 .
QUALITY MILK
*■
Phone 56214
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — 1I9V^ Northwestern Ava. Phone 4965
Archers: All persons desiring to participate 'in the all-campuB championship tournament must attend meeting of Archery club on Monday. Oct. 27j in roofn 104 of the Flcldhouse at 4:16 p.m. —FREYMAN
Vocal Lessons: For 25 years Lafhyette’s only real singing teacher. Voice test free. Edward W. Frank, Studio Lahr Hotel, Phone 4066.
Wanted: Student to work for room nelir campus. Phone 2806.
FIRST CHOICE of Good Dressers Crown Cleaning Service belongs wherever smart crowds gather. Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly
EDGERTON HDWE.,INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We DelJyer
SitoiTf] Immm
r I ME C L E A N E R S O F F I N E CLOTH E
CHOOSE Your
SHIRTS
at
LONG POINT COLLAR
REGULAR LENGTH COLLAR
These are only a few of the many styles you wi 11 see when you look at Lafayette's most beautiful stock of shirts.
Sizes 13 Vz to 18 Sleeves 32 to 35
BUTTON DOWN COLLAR
SHORT POINT WIDE SPREAD COLLAR
BOOTMAKER finish (an elegant antique tan) adds zest to this square toe, cable-stitched pattern with its unusual flared bow ornament that makes it look sizes smaller.
S
Second Floor—Shoe Salon
Charlie Spivak in Person
CHARLIE SPIVAK
At-
Recoicl Department - East Side Square jpu'' Friday - 4:Q0 to 5:30 p. m.
Get An Autographed Record W
SPIVAK AND HIS ORCHESTRA RECORD EXCLUSIVELY FOR ^
COLUMBIA On. the Okeh Label
All Records 37c
Playing FRIDAY EVENING for the UNION JVUXER
O'
'i s