14*1
< I t
/ p£\ I
f>A'
COED DESCRIBES Life Of 'Green' Sophomore Worker On Exponent
Established 1889
^ It Happened One Night
PEW PLANS TO SHOW
Coed's Athletic Prowess
On Obstacle Course
Volume 55, No. 110
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, March 25, 1943
Sue Mayer To Reign As Queen OF Purdue Relays
Expert Discusses National Farm Labor Situation
Expect No Labor Shortage
Until Fall Harvest Season By Bill Tyson ' An interesting insight in the farm labor situation in Indiana was brought to light recently in an interview with Prof. J. B. Kohlmeyer, farm labor expert of the University Agricultural Extension Service. According- to Kohlmeyer a mechanism has been set up this year for the allotment of farm labor throughout the state similar to that which was in
effect last year, namely cataloguing and organization of every available person in each county as to their ability and readiness to do farm labor during the peak demand seasons occurring at the various crop haivest
times.
No Great Shortage This Spring At present he sees no great shortage of labor on the farms for the seeding and early spring farm jobs, although as he put it “there always has been and always will be farm labor shortage in time of
war.”
However as the demand rises through the summer and harvest time comes around he sees no way of getting enough labor to adequately harvest this year’s crops, providing the number of farm boys entering the service and the number of helpers leaving for industrial jobs increases as it has been for
the last two years.
Organization of each of the 92 counties of the state is cai’ried on by the county agent who has a farm labor committee under him to do the actual work. The committee consists of representatives of the various town organizations, Kiwanis clubs, American Legion, members of the local administra-
Graee Panvira
Lt. Mann Destroys ^Ipha Zeta Penn State To Judge
Ten Jap Planes Coiltestaots Will Hold Finals Match 30 At 7:30
Over Guadalcanal
Star-Gazers
Heltmann, Ostrander, Riggs Serve As Court Sue Mayer was chosen queen of the Purdue Relays la.st night by official ballot of all ticket holders, according to the Student Senate office. A member of Pi Beta Phi sorority, town girl, and sophomore in the Science school, she will preside over the occasion and present first prizes to the various trophy winners. Chosqn along with her to act as her court were Martha Lee Riggs, Delta Gamma; Kay
Lieutenant Thomas Mann, former Ag student, now a Marine Corps pilot, has been accredited officially v/ith 10 Jap planes destroyed over Guadalcanal. This gives him a rank as an American
Mann joined the Marine Corps
At Pennsylvania State College there is an assistant professor of meteorology by the name of Hans Neuberger who is calling for 1,000 sky-gazers. This request is being made because he is planning to use students to estimate the shade of
Preliminaries for the annual Al- sky blue,
more than a year ago and was as- pha Zeta Speech Contest were held It seems that the professor signed to duty on Guadalcanal last Tuesday at 4:30 p. m., at which time should come to the University beOctober. During the first week that six entrants were chosen from the cause, of late, with the warm he was on the island, he was credit- group of participants to compete in weather, there have been a multied with one Nipponese bomber. the final contest which will be held tude of sky or star-gazers right Dispatch Relates Heroism Tuesday, March 30, at 7:30 p. m. in here. The following delayed dispatch the Horticultural building assembly. Although much of gazing is done recounts some of his expei-iences: Hollis Sherwood, speaking on at night around here, which cer“Marinc Lieutenant Thomas “Livestock Feed Situation”, .leriy tainly wouldn’t give any clue to the Mann, Terre Haute, Ind., shot down Clodfelter with the topic “Market- color of the sky, there are also four of five Japanese dive bombers ing Pure Bred Livestock”, Phil many craning students who gaze but the fifth one he encountered Winslow talking on the “Battle for upward either at airplanes or else shot him down. Food”, Jim McCormick with a talk on general principals.
Marie Nash
who wi
“The fighter pilot crash-landed on “Poi’k for Victory”, Gordon Myhis ship on the water and despite ers with a subject of “Hotbed' Con-
TeatUreCl vocalist shrapnel wounds in the hand and struction”, and Wallace Pope speakI appoar Sunday paddled his life raft fifteen ing on “The Poultry Enterprise”
miles to a small island where he were the six finalists chosen.
Professor Neuberger’s real purpose in engaging so many sky-
. . . who will appear next
Heitmann, Chi Omega, and Ann Ostrander, Kappa Alpha
Theta sorority,
Saturday evening the queen and her court will be paraded into the Fieldhouse on a float and enthroned in the center of the oval, then will present the trophies to winners in the various contests dur-
ing the evening.
To Receive Trophies From Queen First place winners will receive their statues from Sue Mayer, Queen, while second, third and foui-th placers will be duly rewarded by the three attendants. Gold Peppers, upper classwomen’s honorary, will announce pledges during the evenings’ proceedings. The announcement will be made by Ginny Lee MacDonald.
Special Features
’ Tickets for the contests will be
with Sigmund Romberg. Machine Gun Chatter Wakes Sleepy Students
study. He explained that if the
faced starvation. Pertain To Agriculture “Hardly had he surveyed the sit- Judges for the contest were Prof,
nation, however, before a canoe of C. F. Gobble of the Animal Hus- javgo majority of untrained stunatives from another island pad- bandry Department, Chailes Bow- je^ts can agree on the shade of sky died up. man of the Extension Department, jjjyQ during simultaneous observa- “ ‘American shot down’,” Lieut, and Prof. Miller of the Speech De- the usefulness of color estiMann explained. partment. Speeches were judged on ^nation would be established.
“The native spokesman nodded content, delivery, action and force, and said: Entries in the contest were not re“‘We watch, we see’.” served to agiicultuial students Natives Feed Lieutenant alone, although one stipulation was “Then the natives dressed Lieut, that speeches pertain to some cur-
gazers IS to find out whether ^he^ ^ j ^ Siqmund available at the door for those who eyes of the average untrained per- ^igmuna ^ave not yet purchased them. Stiison can be used as a measuring Komberg aS featured VO- dent tickets are 50 cents and must
stick in this type of meteorological
Best Soldier
Contest To End
Saturday
PE 12 Class Exerts Itself For Navy Men
dent of .Schools, and representatives
of the Ipcal farmers. Everyone Contacted
'these people then contact every available person, from the bank
gineering Building.
attendants as to their ability to do various farm jobs, and as to their readiness to work if called upon. After the inventory is complete the county agent knows just how many people will be available to work at certain specified seasons, and if the nqmber is not enough he gets in touch with the agent from the neighboring county to see if any surplus exists. If not, representatives of the men who need labor, for instance the canning in-
dustries, go to groups of migratory Indiana analyzed the pioblems of
State Superintendents
Of Public Schools Hold Kappa Delta Rho
fraternity, announces
I iBiti'C wUlaBtSI vii^v the pledging of the following men: Paul Budai, Dayton, Ohio; Douglas County superintendents and Niagara Falls; Tom Urich, school trustees from all sections of Wayne.
be accompanied by passport. Special box seats are available below the balcony at track height for $1.65. All other seats are in the balcony from which ample view of the track is obtained. Special features of the contests besides the relays and track events will be wall-scaling contests, a “baseball dash” featuiung some of baseball’s major league players, and numerous athletic events featuring both college and high school track
teams.
Civil Service Seeks Seniors, Graduates For Beginning Work
squadron. The captain has downed contest and Russell Hardin is chair- awarded to freshman men and to standing on the sidelines Avatching. qppin’no-^nvnfoooi'nnui +wpnt-„.+livpp T,u,nPQ T.ipiit, Mniin +v,:c rp, , ,, , i-omving pi oiessionai careers in gov-
Saturday afternoon at 1, the
Around 5 yesterday afternoon
many unsuspecting students were Mann’s wounds from his first aid rent phase of agriculture. A\ few rudely awakened at least three J^it and fed him boiled sweet po- engineeiing students entered the
times from their peaceful sleep in tatoes, papaya, pineapple, bananas competition, a 5 o’clock lecture. The fateful and fresh water. Afterward they Choose Three Winners
tive organizations,^ the superinten- turned out to be an air- put him in their canoe and rowed Three winners will be chosen in
cooled, long nosed, and very noisy him to their island. the final competition next week.
machine gun. “There, the lieutenant was given These three will be awarded first. Scabbard and Blade sponsored best Those who weren t asleep were blankets, a cot, mattress, mosquito second and third place medals, re- soldier contest for freshmen and mands of Claude Reeck, Riveter
very much surprised anyway to net and folding camp chair. spectively. To the oiganization sophomore military students will be wrestling coach, fifty or sixty PE hear this loud machine gunning “Lieutenant Mann has been offi- sponsoring the winner of the high- held in the Armory. Registration I2’ers bent, twisted and turned in clerk to the grocer boy and from ^ practice gun located on the cially credited with knocking down est honors vfill go a loving cup. for this contest Avas held some time back-breaking exercises, Every the -housewives to the beauty shop campus behind the Mechanical En- Japanese planes and was second Alpha Zeta, an agricultural hon- ago, and there are 200 entrants. man Avas doing his best. The rea-
only to Captain Joseph Foss in his orary, annually sponsors this speech There will be three medals son? A platoon of Navy men Avere
Nothing is so rare as a day in June, unless it might be a PE 12 class hard at Avoik. Monday afternoon just such an unusual sight occurred in the Boilermaker gym-
nasium.
Under the hard barking com-
twenty-three planes. Lieut. Mann nian of the event this year,
has been evacuated to another South Pacific island to rest.”
sophomores. These two sets of No student Avants the Navy to see
workers and buy their services for the specified time. Kohlmeyer Advises According to Prof. Kohlmeyer, ho is acting as an expert in advisingcounty agent throughout the state on various problems arising from shortages in labor. Farmers are more interested in securing the promises of workci-s for their services later on in the summer, than in having them begin Avork now. Besides the many actual farm hands needed are laigo quantities of men and women to work in the tomato canneries after the harvest. Workers for these are obtained mainly out of state and aie contracted for ahead of time. Migratory workers also are used to take in the various muck crops such as onions grown in the noi thorn half of the state. Food Crops Plentiful Prof. Kohlmeyer indicated that the food crop harvests will be as plentiful as ever before duo to the increased acreage and that if the weather conditions are favorable they should lie at least as good as last year. ERG To Navy Or Marine Reserves Last date for physical examination Friday, March 2C, at 7 p. m. or Saturday, March 27, at 1 p. m. Papers must be in by Saturday, March 27, noon. Sign for interview when you turn in your papers. IntervieAVs will be held on , March 29-30-31 and April 1. —W. A. KNAPP
adjusting public schools to wartime conditions in a meeting held at the University yesterday and
Tuesday.
Under the guidance of G. Robert Koopman, assistant state superintendent of public instruction in Michigan and conference leader, the officials discussed jiroblems of teacher supply and how to meet the situation, jireinduction coui.,es for high school seniois, neAv legislation aflocting scjjools, the mattei of school attendaiu/o and performance of outside Avoi k, transpoi lation of school childien, and the acccleiation of pu-
pils thiough school. Third Hiich Conference
This confeieiice is similar to two previous one's held al the Universily for high school principals and was airangeii liy Dr. G. E. Davis
Advanced Course ROIC Those Advanced Course students in the ERC who did not get their blood test Wednesday, report to the Student Health Service at 9 a. ni. today (Thursday). —ROBINSON
Mudball hey there clarence i haA^e an experience
to relate i have
met a fox named
reynold reynold is the fox that
makes holes for soldiers to shoot japs from reynold
is back in the u s for a time to recruit foxes to take back to
the combat zone he says a fox in time
will save nine —MUDBALL
medals ai-e a gold, a silver, and a bronze for the three best soldiers
respectively of each class. Examination To Be Given
The men in competition Avith each other will be judged on grades, general attitude, soldierly appearance and bearing, familiarity Avith commands and other factors. A prac-
him loaf.
Emrick Lists Band Officers
ernment service may apply now for positions as junior professional assistants, the Civil Service Commission has announced in an unprecedented report. “Junior professional assistant” is the civil service term for the beginning grade of professional
,, , . „ sei-vice, a grade requiring training Monday evening- Professor P S. ^ut not experience. Base salaries at
tical examination in The School of Emrick, Director of University Mil- professional assistant the Soldier will also be given. itary Bands, appointed the folloAV- ^2,000 but wartime overReasons for elimination will be mg commissioned and non-commis- the 48-hour week misconduct in uniform, poor atti- sioned officers. brings actual pay to $2,433 a year, tude, poor disciplinary records, or 1st Lt. and Military Officer, F. T. Unusual features of the anactions not in keeping with those Hemler; 1st Lt. and Supply Officer, nouncenient include the fact that
of a good soldier.
R. V. Evanson; Bvt. 1st Lt. and
no time limit is set for receipt of
The preliminary elimination will Executive Officer, R. F. Sharp; 2nd applications, examinations -will be
bo handled by members of Scab- Et. and Personnel Officer, R. L. bard and Blade, and the final judg- Weigle; Bvt. 2nd Lt. and Detail
ing will be by regular army officers. Officer, R. E. Hill.
Sacrifice Supreme . . . Gold Peppers To Back Silk, Nylon Drive
held periodically as the applications come in, and seniors may file
. , „ , , , T• applications when they are a se1st borgt. and Band Librarian, ^ x- j x- j
^ inester from graduation and receive provisional appointments before graduation if they are
and Assistant to the
A. SluiAV, Tech. Seigt. sm;eessful on the test.
and applied p.sychology ilepai tment, A similar conference woik-shop for
high
Eiiday and Saturday at tlie Uni-
versity.
Health Department To Show Film Today
cerlmeister Director, J
and Band Adjutant, B. A. Woodhull; Tech. Soi-gt. and Publicity Officer, R. J. Reed; Tech. Sergt. and Band Quarteunastor, F. D. Johnson; Start' Sergt. and Technical Officer, D. E. Gault; Staff Sergt. and Assistant to the Supply Officer, P. O. Dodge; Staff Sergt. and Assistant to Band Librarian, J. J.
l^onner.
' Sergeants W. Winger, J. R. Lewis, W. R. Pavelchel:, C. L. Henimcr, J. II. Watters, R. A. Vining, H. W. Jones, R. A. Chapman, A. R.
By Marion Denham
Saving fats is really a house- Womon’.s Residence Halls, too, has should be turned in to these collccAvife’s job, and gathering up old such boxes placed at various tion boxes. The one requirement be-
-uul Dr )J (’ L-iw.son of education ^ man’s line; but vantage points, and it is reported sides the kind is that the hose be
there is one thing that coeds can that the Union will soon have a clean.
do as an aid to the Avar effort. The place of collection along with the In order to make one pound of
chool puncipals Aviil' be‘hekl reppovs are now goi/ig to be other centers this futuro gun poAvder covering
tho power behind a drive in this County Supply Needs Boost there must be 30 stockings. In other
possibility for the coeds to help by According to Miss Margai-et Avords 30 coeds Avith one apiece, or „ p p- r T W IVl
turning in old silk and nylon Siplo, local chairman of the silk col- 16 having two Avill have to put them hosiery. lection in fl'ippecanoe County, the in some box before rhere will be Deciding- that rounding up all the amount of silk received la.st month even a pound of silk and nylon,
old stockipgs possime was the best fell ofi' fiom the preceding period. To Make Poivder Bags
immediate help to Avinning the war So, the help being given by the Gold Out of all this collection, the that they could offer, the Gold Peppers in trying to round up all stockings are sent to processors
Special motion picture convoca- Peppers have begun a campaign on such useless stockings owned by and then made into very valuable Yf QlQQn f. MOrtZ tion Avill be shoAvn by the Indiana campus. The collection of silk and coeds should prove to be effective and necessary gun poAvder bags.
State Department of Health tomor- nylon hose has been one point in in b.oosting the county supply. Silk and nylon are used for those . . . son of Mr. and Mrs. Roy row at 4 p. ni. in Eliza Fowler hall. Avar salvaging- which seeims to have Need Silk, Nylon, Rayon Mixtures bags because they are strong- ma- Mertz, Lima, Ohio, has accepted a
The convo is sponsored by the been neglected here. The kinds of hoisery wanted are tcrials. position as Junior Engineer with
Division of Physical Education for Receptacles Have Been Distributed all silk, all nylon, and mixtures in- Here then is outlined one Avay for the Curtiss-AVrighl airplane plant. Men and will feature the following Boxes encouraging ■ownoi-.s to de- eluding silk and nylon, silk and the coeds of the University to help Columbus, Ohio, w hero he will AVork films: “Digestion of Poods,” “Sci- posit their precious leg-coverers rayon, nylon and rayon, silk and the men at the front. Put those old on production of Helhliver dive once and Modern Medicine,” and have been jiut up by Gold Peppers cotton, or nylon and cotton. No all stockings in the pile and maybe bombers and Seagull scouting “Before the Doctor Comes.” The in all organized houses, just those rayon stocking can be used, and no someday your man will find them pianos, lie is a graduate of the UiiL-
nieeting is open to all students. Avhere females reside, however. The silk garments except stockings useful in blowing up the enemy! versify.
As a result of the war, women, especially, are required if they have had studies in public administration, business administration, economics, economic geog-i-aphy, library science, history, public welfare, statistics, mathematics, and
agriculture.
Captain W. /. free/ . . . who has charge of the new ordnance instructional work for ad-A-anced military students is the au-
Coi-poi-als J. M. Chenoweth, J. E. thor of an article in a recent issue
Nagle, R. Fowler, 1. J. Gross, G. E. Mai'iani. R. A. Henley, W. M. Joniz,
and J. L. SnA-der.
of “The Orduapee Sergeant” on the new training- school at the University. The article is illustrated with pictures of the ordnance training school as well as various campus
views.
Exponent Board Meeting tomorrow at 4:00 in conference room of Agriculti^al Experiment Station. This includes all Junior and Senior elected members of Edit, Sports and Business Staff. —BUT?;#"V
M\ 1% -
i^ge i
Purdiie Exponent
Thursday, March 23, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Off^cefs: EdifoHal artd Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporl-s, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 EditoHal Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Honorary Kdilnr Willinin 0. Honkins
With the Colors
isiness Minaper Ne^’S Hditor Mankfrinfr Editor Senior .Advortisinjt ManoKor Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Execiitiye
, Dale E. Butz Gerhard H. Kloumo'fi Robert W. Boswinkle Sally Beall James O. Petty Joseph S. Dawson Jean Laner A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff
Editorial Staff
slate.EdSors: V. J. VokIi, J. T Rich-iidson. T L. Tilton,
A^elt... - W. }i. Tyson, tV. E Vi rmilisin, M. L. Smith, C. C, Martin-
dcll, E. Murphy.
Coed Staff: Phyllis Mann, Martha L<p Riprs, Carolyn Wilbur,
Elaine Ahrens,
Sports Staff: C. SowariK, .1. Ackerman, D. Shiycr, R. Smith.
Business Staff
Advertisins: Manager: J Filpi.
" ing Managers: J Fkxon, C Gaunt, J. McCullough,
*i3bb. cuTation
Circulation Manager: R. H. Kroephn. Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts
The Purdue Independent
£ditor-in>Chicf
Bert Squier
i I,
Staff For This Issue
Night i^dltor: Wilbur Sports Editor: Mann Etey Editor: Riggs Issue Editor: Howes Reporter®: Doiihnm, Win^alow, Nichols, St'^-ffes, Baynes, Richardson. Stephenson, Held, Yargar, Hahn, Grotnes.
EntOrod as second class matter at the po.st office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress^ of March 3, 1879, atid at the special late of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tue‘>dpv. Thursday. Friday and Sunday mornings darin gibe year. Delivered locally by cai riei for $1.7'5 for a sejnesder br $3 00 for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3 50 for two semesUrs Represented for national ailvertising by National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers He))rosentatives, 420 l^adiso'n Ave , N<•^^ York, N Y.
It Mui
ae
. . . somewhat of a jolt to visiting lecturers who speak at the AWS marital lectures to see the small group of women in attendance. Our University is large; its reputation far-reach-ing . .. and a doctor who is requested to come and talk to sixth, seventh and eighth term women students must expect a fairly large group of listeners. Nor is he mistaken in this expectation. There are over 300 women who are eligible to attend this series of marriage lectures. All of them have been notified by postcards and have been informed of exact hours and rooms on the front page of the Exponent. Why, then, is it that only 50 or 60 of these coeds attend the meetings ? Can it be that our coeds are not sufficiently interested in the subjects presented ... or can it be that they feel they need no further knowledge? We feel that neither of these is the case. What does keep the 250 or so girls from attending are the countless little things that just happen to come up . . . such as a bridge game or a movie. We know that some of the excuses are legitimate . . . for such things as study, another meeting . . . BUT there are so many of the excuses that are just plain laziness or lack of interest. And, we ask, why should there be such a small amount of interest in a subject that has such a great amount of appeal to most people ? AND a subject that will be of vital importance to most of the Purdue coeds in the years to come ... if not right now. - The growing tendency for furlough weddings, or hasty marriages before the army gets the man indicate the increased importance of informative lectures about marriage. The four-week series presented by AWS is an excellent opportunity for future brides to hear interesting, up-to-date lecturers who discuss marriage problems intelligently and authoi'itatively. The first two lectures have already been given. At the first, on March 18, Dr. Mary Ade spoke about “Marriage as a Normal Relationship” ; at the second, on Tuesday night, Dr. Mai’ie Wessels told about the “Hygiene of Marriage”. Both were extremely interesting and educational and the coeds who attended felt their time well spent. Twp jecture.s are left: “Happiness in Marriage” by Dr. Lucia E. Tower on March 31 and “Marriage from a Man’s Point of View” by Dr. Ralph ' , i, ,n April 6. These should both prove to bv. valuable as the first two and we hope that attendance numbers take a jurhp... a big one! After all, busy men and women are taking time off to come to Purdue and give the coeds the benefit of the knowledge they have gained through years of study and practice ... is it too much to ask that the girls show some interest ?—m.j.l.
SidwjujL SPdfisiA, Major A. j. Knight
. . . oi Founlaii) Cit.v, Ind., who spent one year in the University School of Science, fiom .June, 1935, to June, 19.JG, ha.s been mentioned in lecent press dispatches because of his unusual ieat on the African front in diving on and shooting down a German MesBerschmitt befoK making a belly landing in the desert, following hiB Joici'tl landing, behind the German lines,n he spent -18 houis dodging Geiman patrols, flier-B, machine gunneis and sniiieis, before gettingback to the American lines.
Private Kenneth M. Grant
. 1b now stationed at Scott Field Recojition Genter, ^bcott field, 111. Fiiva-te Grant was a former Btudent at the University.
qiie WASUWTOK
Tm U S P«t OH
MERRY - GO-ROUHD
By DREW PEARSON Postmaster-General Aids NODL Campaign To Remove Certain Publications From Mailing List
Coeds Find Exponent A Fascinating Place
Just Looking Around
WASHINGTON — Efficient Postmaster General Frank Walker has got himself into a situation whereby cei'tain Zealots of the church to which he belongs have become unofficial censors of American magazines. And Frank is playing into their hands. The situation has gone so far that scores of American magazines, before going to press, send their manuscripts to the representative of Bishop John F. Noll, of the Catholic National Organization for Decent Literature, where they are examined. The NODL office is at 1312 Massachusetts Ave., Washington, and is under the supervision of William Smith, who reports to Bishop Noll in Ft. Wayne, Inch It has no connection at all with the Government, except as a volunteer adviser to Frank Walker’s Post Office Department. Through the powerful weapon of removing magazines from the second class mailing list, a most effective censorship is being used daily. Undoubtedly some censorship of magazines may be necessary. Certainly no one wants the U. S. mails, which are subsidized by the Government, used for the distribution of salacious literature. However, the NODL has set itself up as the unofficial censor. Here is one report from William Smith, head of the office in Washington, to his chief. Bishop Noll, which shows how the system works: “Your Excellency: “During the past week, Mr.^ Selinka, Counsel for the Dell Publishing Company, brought to me a revised dummy of Modern Romances magazine. Since they made the changes which I suggested I have already writen to your excellency that this magazine does not violate the code. “Mr. William H. Fawcett, accompanie<l by the new editorial director of their Confession magazines, Mr. William H. Lingol, called on me with the dummy of Romantic Story. I carefully read this dummy, made a few minor changes m it, but had to object to one of the stories. Mr. Lingel assured me that this story and the others I objected would be changed. . . . “I talked to Mr. Hassel, Counsel in the Solicitor’s office of the Post Office Department. He told that the following magazines had been cited for hearings to .show cause why their second class mailipg privileges should not be revoked. They are: Special Detective Cases, Romantic Story, Crime Confession. I shall pf course attend these hearings. “The Post Office Department is apparently trying to avoid as much p^ublieity-as possible with regardto these hearings hoeauso no news releases were sent out naming the magazines oi giving the dates and times of the hearings. “Moat respectfully yours, “William Smith.” • f^ostmasfer Denies Accusaf-ion Postmaster General Walker, when questioned by the WASHINGTON MERRY-GO-ROUND, indignantly denied that members of his own religious faith were influencing his policy in barring magazines from the mails. However, the Acolyte, organ of the National Organization for Decent Literature, gives him full credit. Hailing a long list of magazines recently barred from the mails, the NODL .4colyte says: “POSTMASTER GENERAL AIDS NODL CAMPAIGN— The U. S. Post Oflice Department has recently revoked or denied the second-class mailing privilege to certain magazines. The Department is to be commended for its vigilance and efficiency in citing these magazines and in refusing to grant second class mailing privileges to offensive publications.” Then follows a list ,all but two of which were cited by NODL befoie Frank Walker acted. The list includes: College Humor, Real Screen Fun, Squads Riot, Flynn’s Detective, Amazing Detective, Front’Page Detective, Film Fun, Spotlight Detective, Aigosy, Clipping Detective Cases, Exclusive Detective. Another letter to Bishop Noll, from Arthur D. Maguire, Detroit, Mich., also indicates the recognition Flank AValkei- is given by leading Catholics for this new unofficial censorship. Maguiie’s letter, addressed to Bishop Noll, says in part: “Flank Walkei, is as you know, a giaduate of Notre Dame, and I am sure he w'ill do what he can within the limits of his power to stop this Knickeibockei Company using the mails in this way.” Flank Walker came thiough all right, foi in a letter to Mr. Magulie, Walker’s Solicitor of the Phst Office Depaitmcnt Vincent M. Miles, said: “The Postmastei Geneial has rofeired to me your lettei of the 28th ultimo, tiansmitting a folder advertising various books, icceived through the mails from the Knickeibockcr Publishing Company, 92 Libeity Sti-eet, New York. “This ciicular is legardod as non-mailahle and the mattei will have attention.” The Post Office Committe which handles consoiship foi Frank Walkei is composed of W. C. O’Riien, Catholic, John J. Giegory, Catholic, and Calvin W. Hassell, Episcopalian. Note: 'I'he Wa.shington oflice of the NODL goes into fhe most minute detail in examining manuscripts. For instance one editor was required to change (he line “hi.s lips pressed hors” to read “his lips louched hens.” o Mail Bag W. 1*. C., Atlanta, Ga.: Explanation of the acres of rubber tires is that these aie stockpiles held by Rubber Reserve Coipoiation, waiting to bo moved to reclaiming- plants. These plants arc working- at capacity, but since they lack stoiago space, the tires must be kept in regional stockpiles until required for reclamation. A. A. A., Los Angeles, Cal.; War Department’s Pentagon Building- has a cubic volume of 90,746,000 feet and capacity for 40,000 woi kers. Incidentally, the Pentagon is one of the largest single coffee consumers in the woi Id. H. G. New York City: Your information is correct that giavedig-gers aio being organized, and that thenunion is the United Cannery, Agricultural, Packingand Allied Workers of Amoiica. They call themselves ‘ceineteiy workers” In addition to digging graves they aie engaged in land.icajie woi k in the cometeiies. M. S. F., Montgomery, W. Va.: The Red Cross does not sell .sweaters or anything else to member., of the armed forces. Aiticles of clothing- are .supplied fiee by the Red Cioss, bjJl only on request by military offi-(-lals. (Copyright, 1913, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
By Barbara Jean Gregory Alnio.st anything can happen when a coed attempts to work on the coed edition staff of the Exponent, and especially if the girl happens to have the unfortunate opportunity to be issue editor for the first time. Pet-haps, it is not as bad as one is led to believe, but it is a unique experience even for a job on the paper. If a girl happens to bo confirmed ■With the positio-n, she will always wish that she was warned the day before, in order that she might /either catch up on her sleep or her preps in advance, for it is certain that there will lie no opportunity to do either the next night. Immediately after her three o’clock class, she must hurry down to the Exponent office in the sub-basement of the Union. After spending about three hours reading proof before the night editor sees it, and trying to correct some of the errors which do not follow the form of the paper, she may, if she’s lucky, sneak out of the office and go to the Coffee Shop, so that she will be able to exist through the ordeal which is ahead of her. Then before any noticeable time has elapsed, she must huriy back down to office to see that the paper will get out in the morning, but by then, who cares whether the morning comes or not ? Next, The Trip Overtown After finishing the details of the last head and the last of the copy, she will leave with the night editor, and the boy who was originally scheduled to bo night editor, if be is kind-hearted enough to stay and assist when needed, and go to the typesetters. The bus will take the trio to within a block of their destination, which is fortunate, as they would probably never make the trip, otherwise. Then they can look forward to an unforgettable night of rearranging, rewriting, and proof reading. When the heads finally are brought down to the maximum
count, and the make-up is complete, the slugs arc put in the forms in hopes that they will fit vYithOut too much difficulty. Then comes the real job for the issue editor. She must take wet proof, and for a girl who has never spent much time in any part of a newspaper office, besides behind the typewriters, it is truly amazing to see the complicated process of publishing a paper. Wet proof is exactly what the name implies; after the forms are set up, the issue editor hammers wet paper on to the print, which has been dampened with ink. In this way she can find any mistakes that have been made, and there is still time to have them corrected. / Office Arouses Curiosity All these long hours the coed worker has uo doubt done a thorough job of ruining any light colored clothes she might he weaving, when she brushed past the ink or one of the. numerous desks and tables. Of course, all of this time she has been sticking- her nose into anything she can—just to find out what makes the wheels go round. She has bothered the typesetters until they feel a.s if they would live in peace if there were never another coed edition. Newspaper work behind the scones may not be glamorous, but it is one of the most fascinating- jobs—for the first time of doing- it—that a giil will ever meet. Home, At Last After tlic paper has been safely tucked in bed, or rather on the press, the three that originally trudged to work take the much earned free taxi ride to their homes, and they probably will never know whether they sign in at the time they arrived there or not, as they have earned a niglit of uninterrupted rest; but in the morning school bells ring again, so that sleep is impossible, and the issue editor and night editor must arise on time to make their first class on time.
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
The Kansas legislature has taken the nation’s initial step in an attempt to curb labor racketeering. This new law makes it necessary for labor unions operating within Kansas to open theih books to periodical check-ups by the state accounting department. It is expected that this new check against labor will bring about less stealing of labor funds, and possibly clean out
the gangster elements in the
state labor organizations. But P0]f3Q|jIX0l NotOS
labor is very likely to fight this legislation, because it is a direct attempt at curbing the growing power oLlabor. If the KansaB law is proved constitu-
Eastnian Kodak Company, Rochester, New York—March 24 and
26.
General Motors Corporation, Detroit, Michigan—March 26, 26 and
tional, the federal government ^7. Group meeting at 4:00 p. ni., might be inclined to follow suit and' Thursday, in Room 108, Mechanical make such a law national in scope. Engineering Building. XXX Voiight-Sikorsky Aircra'ft, StratMarshall Rommel and General ford, Connecticut—March 29. Intervon Arman are on their last legs ested in April and August engi-
so far as the battle in Tunisia is concerned, but Hitler may still make a valiant attempt to save his surrounded forces. If such an attempt fails, there will be no other choice than to admit that Africa is
neors. E. I. duRont de Nemours & Company, AVilmington, Delaware — March 29 and 30. Interested in ChE, ME, MetE, PhD Chemists. Link Beit Co., Indianapolis, Ind.
lost. The question of proving that —Mar. 30. Intel cstod in ME, MetE.
the battle in Africa was of no impoitance will also have to be proved to the German iieoplc. How Hitlc'will do this will be a lesson in master propaganda. XXX
Dow (’hemical Co., Bay City, Mich—Apiil 2. Intel ested in ME,
AE, EE.
('liicago and Southern Air Lines, Inc., Memphis, Tennessee—Inter-
Thc United States government ested in mathematicians or phys-
recently said that it plans to take definite action if it can prove that the Japanese have boon u.sing gas against the Chinese. What action the U. S. would bo willing to take
loi.sts to WOI k as meteorologists. Sign 111 Personnel Office by Wednesday, Mau-h 31. Corn I’roducts Refining Company, Argo, Illinois—Interested in
is a matter of conjecture, iiut it ME, ChE. Sign in Personnel Office does not seem likely that gas will by Wednesday, Maich 31.
'I'he Girdler Corporation, Louis-
use gas, it would ville, Keijtucky—Interested in ME, ga.s wav that has FhE. Si^-n in Personnel Office by
Wednesday, March 3l.
be used in retaliation. If the U. S.
Army wcio to mean that the
been dreaded would be in full swing. The Army might retaliate with bombs on Japanese cities, but gas. We hope, is still in the future. The world saw enough of gas attacks in the last war to last for many year.s to come. Hitlei might use gas when his situation becomes critical on the continent.
iteRTWMER'ICKS
Placement Notes For Women
JhsL J’OundalionA,
China
By G. B. Wu
Republic Steel Corporation— March 23. Metallurgy and Chemical women students. Call Placement Service for Women, 2955, for further information.
Christian Foundation will hold its third annual banquet honoringstudents fiom othei lands at the First Christian church tomorrow evening from 5:45 to 8 p. m. The Cosmopolitan Club, Pan-American Club, Chinese Students' Club, and International House are cooperating with the Foundation in the entertainment. Prof. D. H. Patter.son of the foreign language department will present the main speech of the evening which will be on some phase of World friendship, the theme of the banquet. Other talks will be given by Johnny Yuch on China, D. M. Do Peieyra, on South America, and E. T. Mitamasu on Haw-aii. Fuither entertainment will bo piovided by a quartet from International House and songs led by Jane Packard. Roy 'I'o Be 'Poastmastcr Eugene Roy will act as toastmastei while the w-ekome wull he given by Joy Wampler. Theresa Busby IS general chairman of the banquet committee. Tickets foi the hanqii ‘t, which will bo solved liy the women of the chinch, may be piuciiased foi thiity-five cents Ironi Boh Nash (telephone 2670), Dick B e i r y (5418), and Sylvia Finley (65711).
CHINESE MUSIC When a player acts badly on stage, or a person speaks bad English, he “murders Shakespeare.” On the other hand when the so-called Chinese music is played over the ail, its origin is not fiom China, it mutilates Chinese art and culture. With this in mind, the writer presents the true light of Chinese music. The music of China is less understood by the people of the We.st than almost any other Chinese art. The limited records show that its primitive scale consisted of five sounds knowui as Kung, Shang, Chiao, Chi, and Yii. The tunes cieated from these five notes were used in woishiping heaven and oaith a.s W'ell a.s in the worshi]) of ancestor.s and later, Confucius. .411 music was oi iginally sacied, always played in the same key, always loud, imchang-oalile ni movement (Sro CHIN.V, page 4)
Pafrosiize Exponent Advertisers
Buy Yours fbr $4.00!
DEBRIS
On Sale ai-
West Desk in fhe Union, ;Debris office or any salesman;
A barber named Archibald iWee,dum Said—^“Here, Uncle Sam, if you need ’em, ’Are all of my savings From hair cuts and shavings I’m buying Bonds and Stamps for freedom.”
S^Trim a few doUora off in* creased earnings to Help your country* Buy a U* S. Sar«* ings Bond every pay day*
NOW SHOWING 2 GRAND HITS!
t. (N _ ”" ^
TODAY and TOMORROW
. I
r fi I
■>M
M^ii 2^11943
Boilermaker Sports
Pdgei,
TWELFTH ANNUAL
FOOTBALL CLINIC
coming up
RELAYS WILL MAKE
FIELDHOUSE SCENE
OF FESTIVE ACTIVITIES
Variety OF Thrills Promised By Purdue Relays
Piggy' Lambert Began Coaching Career In 1916
Permanent Wave
By Madelyn Grotnes This is the third in our series of articles on familiarizing the students with our coaches. In the past the coaches have been building up the students so now we will build up the
cohches.
Ward Lambert, better known as “Piggy” Lambert, came to the University campus m the early fall of the year 1916 He was given a very important position on the staff—that of head basketball and baseball coach, and was also assigned the job of coaching backfield of
the football team.
“Piggy’s” past practical experience was by no means greiit, he played baseball and bas•ketball ioi Wabash, but nevei did anything spectaculai—no all-Amei-ican 01’ nationally acclaimed hei o, jU8(; a coach Befoie getting settled in his job Uncle Sam made him a fiait of the Aimy, In the fall ol 1917 Waid “Piggy” Lambeit was hnstled off to an army camp neai Louisville, Ky, wheie he was assigned the duties of camp athletic difectoi, plus his commission as a lieutenant m the field aitilleiy He resumed his duties at this Univei-
sity in Decembei of 1919
Poi about eight yeais “Piggy’s” -duties consisted ot coaching basketball, baseball and lootball, howcvei, he found the load too heavy and dropped football He favoied baseball over basketball of the two spoits At the end of the baseball season in 1935 “Piggy” lesigned from head baseball coach and devoted all his time to one spoit, bas-
ketball
Piggy Produces Champs In his 25 years of coaching bas ketball, “Piggy’s” teams have won and shaied eleven Western Confcience championships, moie than any othei Big Ten school, and have been runnel up foui times He’s turned out SIX all Amei lean haidwood 6tais since all Ameiican teams have been named, and numeious all con feience plajcis The nickname “Piggj ’ came to
DR PAULA RISK
DR. LUTHER A
RISK
DR HAROLD )
RISK
— DENTISTS
400-404 Schultz
Bldg
4th and Main Sts
Phone 5701 ■■■— '0
Wald Lambeit as a shoitening ot anothei nickname “Pigtiil’ When Waid was a kid slidin-, aiound on sleds, he woik a stocking cap with a tassel that usually followed the back of bis head at a lespectful dis tinco foi a tassel, and earned loi him the name “Pigtail’ Latei when he failed to gi ow up they shoi tened the name to “Piggy” and it stuck He b five feet seven inches and 150 pounds of d\namite, he’s not big, and the only thiip lies evei shown gieod Joi IS championship teams,
and that’s all light with us
Notice
riieio u ill be a callout foi fioshman and sophomoic base ball manageis this afternon oi any atteinoon within the next two weeks in the Pieldhouse oi on the baseball diamond at 1
p in
—K LEIN PA’IRONI/E EXPONENT ADVERIISERS
Consull ’uifli Mrs. Grace Tookey, from Luminous Lure Laboratories, here all this week at our Toiletries Counter
ALL II AY AIAKEIIP
Yes, all day. From breakfast until bed time. And no retouching necessary. All day you look fresh, clean, vivacious and alluring. And it is so easy to put on. Just a few touches to forehead, cheeks and chin. Spread these to a thin film and there you are, good for all day — as quick as scat! And so good looking, tool See for yourself. Beautiful shades for every com-
plexion.
You don't need any powder.
%
(feeb^
Luminoos
TOILETRIES Street Floor
By Phjllis Mann
Tijung to toss togethei a column in the Fieldhouse office is leally a pioblem Typewiiteis beating out stones, and the spoits staff (who oifiy turn out foi coed editions) add gieatly to the confusion, and also foi the fiist time the population of Lafayette was subjected to the tiials and ti ibulations of the PEM class by the bi oadcast from the Eieldhouse
► Man Made
I can see now why the Aimy and Navy aie cleaning up oui campus Believe me, they aie leally making men ovei heie Some of the membeis of the PE 12 class can actually turn themselves inside out, and spiing back with veiy little damage Ihe bieldhouse will be tiansfoimed into a carnival scene this week end till ough the use of stieameis, pennants and a 40 foot Ameiican flag which will pioMcle the centi il theme of the decoiations The Eieldhouse flooi will bo covcied with giccn dyed sawdust, with the white lines Of the 10 lap to a mile tiack and huidle lanes pioviding a stiikin,., contiast ► Trumpets Too Addin to the coloi of the piogiam, which has attiacted an all stai field that includes jiiactically all of the Big fen and Cential Collegiate indooi champions will be vietoiy ceiemonies following the conclusion of each event A lanfaio of tilimpets will piecede each victoiy ceiemony at which the foui place winneis will be piescnted with then medals and tiophies by the Rolaf Queen and a couit of thiee attendants elected by
the student body ► Piay Ball
The field foi the novel “baseball dash” to be held m connection with the Puiduc Relays is beginning to take definite loim Foui of the six majoi league teams tinning, in Indiana, which weie invited to entei then fastest man m the GO yaid event, have alieady made definite en tiiGs, while theio is also the possibility that the Chicago White Sox and Detioit Tigcis, scheduled foi an exhibition -,amc at Evansyille on the d ly ol the Relays, may be lepiesented ^ Already On The Bail Eiom Bloomiiu ton (amc wind th it the choice of the Cincinnati Reds has been naiiowcd down to Dick West, veteian catchoi ind Bob Usbei, lookie iiom San Die.,o Lo Boucliciu, man uci ol the Cleveland Indians, tiaining heie at Puiduc bas not as yet dete mined the Cleveland cnti y In a senes ot elimination i ices, sti on., contciuk i s w oi e Allic Roy nolds and Albei t Milnai, both intchcis ind outfieldei Haul Edwaids The Pittsbuigh Pii atcs tiamiii-, at Muncic hive aliculy nomin itod Tames Russell speedy oulficldci
► Still More
Although thcio ha-, been i In isk advance sale plcnrv of tickets ioi the Relays will be available on ituid ly night I lie evening’s piogiam which will get undeiway at 7 o’clock with i jiaiadc ol ill coiuestants headed by the Relays Queen and Couit, yvill be as list moving as the competiiois
Intramural Schedules
The Delta lau Deltas \yon the championship iii the Fiateinity Badminton Doubles defeating the Phi Kappa Sigmas in the final m itch Thiitv two fiateimties entcied into the touinamcnt Fiateinity Baseball yvill stall on Monday, Maich 29 This will he a foui game schedule yvith the eight best teams going to the single elim ination plavofls Medals and a team tioiihy -.0 to yvmnei of the league All games will he jilaycd on the Intiamuial Field yvest oJ Russell Stuet kitty paiticip ition points foi entoiing points being deducted ioi games loifeitcd Giound lulcs Ball going thiougn
DID YOU KMCW THAT ? SyimvsoBU
JORE BEAUTIFUL YOUWG WOMEN COMPETE FOR THE DISTINCTION i) ‘ OF BEING h POWERS GIRLS) ' THAN FOR ANY ' STAGE OR V SCREEN ROLE ? \ |
Ihe physical proportions of A POWERS GIRL MUST BE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT ^ O POWERS GIRL"MUST POSSESS AS MUCH FACIAL EXPRESSION AND BODILY GRACE AS A SCREEN BEAUTY
ajHE INSIDE STORY OF A POWERS GIRL IS SHOWN IN^ CHARLES R ROGERS NEW PICTURE POWERS G RL WITH GEORGE MURPHY, ANNE SH RLEY, CAROLE LANDIS. DENNIS DAY, BENNY GOODMAN, AND'THE POWERS long-stemmed AMERICAN BEAUTIES" - '
23 Competitors Entered By Michigan. Notre Dame
Riveter Baseball Squad Holds First Outside Practice
Ol ovei fence is good foi tyvo (2) Uases only Ball landing in infield of anothei diamond is good foi tv\o (2) bases only Check out catcheis’ equipment and scoi c book foi games at the Intiamuial Checkout Room All games stait at 4 15 p m Each team must thioyv out a good ball foi each game Watch Exponent foi the schedule ol games Each team yvill be icquiied to play two games pel week one gioup on Monday and Wednesday and anothei gioup on Tuesday and rhiusday Please sec that voui entiy blanks aie tinned in to InLi imiiial Office by nooi, Iiiday Maich 2(>
By Kate Wendell Spiing weathei allowed Coach “Pop” Doan and his Boileimakei diamondmen to have then fiist outside piactice today—welcome le lief altei withstanding ciowded conditions in the Fieldhouse foi the past few weeks In spite of the giasping fingeis of Uncle Sam, Coach Doan was definitely optimistic when speaking of the baseball situation this spiing The legulai schedule is to be followed as planned and the Butlei Bulldogs will stait things oft heie May 1 Men in the Naval Tiainmg School hcie \yill be allov/ed to play along with the Boileimakei legulais and v/ill stait piacticing with the team soon leain Taking Shape About foity men wei o tossing the ball aiound today and it looks as though the team will he composed of new and old faces Al though too eailv to tell definitely which playeis will play wheie. Coach Doan cxpi essed a few possibilities iMcsselhoin and Clasemdn will piobably do most ot the pitch mg along with basketball siai Eddie Ehleis Alex Rayshick and Pilai ski will help fill the spot leit by catchei Walt Smith of last ymai’s squad Little Heniy Stiam will plav second base with Jennings and Ehleis at fiist and thud lespectivolv Duffy riiend of last yeai’s squad will be in the outfield Fiicnd was also mentioned by Coach Doan as a heavy hittei Othei piobabilities aio Kennedy and rimm as pitclieis, Buighaidt, Rudasics and Wiiglit m the infield, and Chenowit/ and Euis, sophomoie playeis, in the outfield Faculty Bowling IE\GUE STANDINGS Mai 15 19 W L Fiiglisli 55 2(> Animal Husbandly 54 27 Agiicultuial Extension 52 29 Speech 49 12 Civil Enginoeiing 47 34 Poultiy 47 14 Physical Plant 46 36 Phv sics 46 35 Executive 45 36 Llcctiical Engmeeiing 44 37 Hoiliculluie 14 17 Agionomv 2 11 lb Chcmistiy 2 13 Jb Diuv 42 39 Mechanical Fngmceiing 41 40 Agiicultuial ChcmisLiy 2 41 40 Agiicultuial Cliemistiy 1 40 11 Eoicstiy 40 11 Recitation 10 41 Nav il Tiainin,, Station 29 42 Agiicultuial Engmeeiing IS 41 Agiicultuial Chcmistiv 1 >8 4. Radio T ngintCling K. 45 Agiicultuial Exp Sta 15 16 A^iononiv 1 j1 17 Chcmistiy 1 >. 4b Chemistiv rngnieciiug 11 lb C.cncial Sloic >1 18 (icnci il rngiuecung .2 19 Ph 11 maev 1 50 lliolo„y 1 50 \imv 24 57 Iliph 1 c un Sets—Chcmistiy 2 2b(is 1x1 St i 27()1 y\..,i ( hem 2 _757 klcch I igi 2750 lliglb. 1( im (.ames — Hoiiicul tuic 101 (hcmistiy 2 ‘)S7 \jionomy 2 9 (. Mech 1 n i 951
BILL NICHOLSON
Notre Dame
By Pat Richardson Only two dAys remain until the opening of the much publicized Put due Relays The field of entries has swelled to include 234 athletes fiom 23 colleges and universities. Practically all of the Big Ten and Central Collegiate individual champions
have entered.
The Boilermakers have entered the most contestants, 28, while Michigan and Notie Dame follow close behind with a total of 23 men each. It is expected that Michigan ^and Notie Dame will fight it out for team honors in the University class while in the college division Miami, Illinois Normal, Michigan Noimal and Western Michigan aie thought to have the best chance foi the title Theie will be thiiteen legular events plus a special “baseball dash” open to majoi league teams in tiammg in Indiana The choice of the Cincinnati Reds has naiiowed doyvn to Dick West, veteian catchei, and Bob Ushei, lookie, who has shoyyn unusual speed The Cleveland Indians expect to entei eithei Allie Reynold^ and Albert Milnai, pitcheis, 01 outfieldei Hank Edyvaids James Russell, speedy outfieldei IS the choice ol the Pitts-
buigh Pnates
Fish Staling
Pei haps the most colorful event in the Relays, actoidmg to some 12 students, will be a wall-scaling contest, to deteimine who is the w 01 Id’s champion yvall-sealer An unknown yvit has suggested that fish scaling be substituted foi whllscaling in class, on the giottnds that it yyould fuithei national defense Attei all, theie aie plenty Of suck-
eis aiound
Pieliminaiies m foui events, the shot put, 60 yaid dash, 60 yard low huidles, and 60 yaid high hmdles. yvill stait at 3 o’clock Satuiday afternoon Tiials in the pole vault and high jump aie scheduled for 6 30 p 111 The Relays open at 7 30 p m and the fiist event will be the utnveisity tyvo mile relay lace. The competition includes the 60 yaid loyv hurdles, shot put, college two mile relay, 60 yard dash, the “baseball dash ’, university medley lelay (440, 880, thiee-quaiteis and mile), college medley relay, high Jltinp, pole vault, wall scaling tests, univeisity and college foui mile relay, and the mile lelav In addition to the gay decorations, the Relay Queen and her court, and the officials m formal attire, fhe Fieldhouse will be fmthei glamourized by the presence of Glenn Cunningham, coach of the Iowa team. All in ill, the Puidue Relays promise to provide a smashing climax to the 1911 track season
Mackey Announces Program For Twelfth Annual Foothall Clink Guv Mackey University athletic diiectoi announces that the tyvelfth annual Football Clinic yyill be held as scheduled on Fiiday and Satin flay, Api il 9 and 10 The Univeisity Clinic, the first gather mg of its kind, yyas conceived bv Nobel Kizei Its purpose is to supplement some oi the coaching schools Since coaching school-, loi the summoi aio likely^ out of the question because ol the yyai situation, many ne\y men in coaching posts will welcome this oppoitunity for piactical tiaining and experience Unusual Intelcst this Year Post caids announcing tins special session have been sent to high schools and colleges all over the countij Past sessions have attract ed betyycen iOO and 500 high school and college coaches Dncctoi Macke V and Coach Buinham aie busy planning the two day^ piogiam ot addiesses demonsti ations and lound table discussions on the piactical phases of football Leading high school and college montois and othei membeis oi the Univeisity staft will assist in conducting the classes The Boiler mal c;is yaisity squatl y\hicn will he II the midst of spiing iliill y\ill be uscfl as examples m field demon stiation ol y nious pha cs ot iho
gam
Intramural Boxers Reacli Semi-Finals Miiincis III the mil inunal box mg touininciit cluinn ilioiis yvill comnclc i llu s mi *uu K ui lues (1 y Ml c' 0 1 ho c \ lio wish to p 11 Li 1 1 iLs 1 n s ill ( 1 u 1 h\ CO 1 Licit T W Fee s Wo ou III [)! Il i i.\ c 1 \ It i 0)1 Cl in ‘ (I ' n i 00 m th 111 in m The l( )’ \ 1 1 1 si ot I o 11 sched
Sports Shorts Lt James Rapoit, lormei diiectoi ot intiamuial athletics at Alabama Polytechnic Institute, recently lepoited at the Gieat Lakes Naval Training Station to seive as assistant to Lt Waltei N Colbath, officer in chaige of swimming Lt Rapoit also foimeilv was a member ot the coaching staffs at the Univeisity of Kansas and Haskell Institute
11
t il
l lls' ll 1 H 1 \ 1
1 K
[K un
High Ini Ilcssion 56 j Johnson 555 High Ind Knoll, 215 209
Sets -t.ihhcn Sow ill IS 5())
5()1 11 \
Cl lines—Bui Us B ithm in 211,
219 Iv ly
i a ij i i II
1 5 pound 11 s \ Rc cl 1 iw 1 i i h 1 u k lUi I 111 (.'i in 1 ii \ K ' s c s ' lines I
1 ll l \ \\ C SI 1 \\ II U 1 I tO! do i \ Di d c io C. i • Ol 1 kI 1 ( d I It > I 01111 i lls I 11 H u iiimtoii D 1 T iikin Don lledc
t omul cliss Bob lie She i mill Dc (, idut \ He ivy Dowell 1 Iloyyell
Leonaid Rectoi, who entered the Navy as a chief specialist, and was a memhei ot the Croat Lakes Naval i 1 laming Station tootball team last ill *1 ill lecentlv icceived his commislu Sion as an ensign Ensign Rectoi, cx blocking back at the University ot Pittsbuigh has been assigned to the Pnsieal Dull and RecieatlOn Dcpuimcnt pending his tiansfei
lio 1 the stition
I I Ky in r M ll 1 ill 1 1 i W C 1 ll ll -■ w 11 hi S B
11 V SckUU, I’aul 1 ihc
Boh Dmes who won the mdtuii ll huh SLOung championship f 1 tht C t iL Lakes N ival Tiaifimg ition biskciball team bioke lus own itcoul m leatlmg the Blueiickces to ll \ 1C tones diiuiig the 1 >42 t > sfc iscui Davies who mado 2()9 points toi the Sadois, ha(Ua lolnl ot 260 as a membei of the Sc toil Hall College quintet m ofte season ‘!.'it'
PS^S
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, Marcli 2S, 1943
Open House To Feature ^7; “ Physical Fitness Theme of Crops m Year
Triton, Modern Dance Clubs To Perform; Freshman Coeds To Run Obstacle Course
By IMarsaret Baynes
On Fridaj% April 9, the Physical Education Department will hold an Open House demonstration in the Women’s gymnasium in order to show off the newly developed muscles, strangle holds, obstacle course and heel-kicking techniques of the coeds. The performance will be opened with a splash by the Triton Club at 7:15 p. m. Prof. Marion Russell is faculty sponsor of
the swimming club.
Half an hour later, the public will be able to see the freshman coeds in action as they demonstrate the exercises, tumblings and leapings learned with many groans and gi unls during this semester. First, the 9:00,
Daily Health Service Report
Last Wednesday, C. E. Eves, sophomore, mechanical engineering, entered St. Elizabeth’s Hos-
Mondav and Wednesday class will P'^hI for medical treatment. On the
same day D. N. Fleek, freshman engineer; R. N. Irgens, freshman
march and illustrate Fii-sl Aid Car-
ries.
Feminine Obstacle Course
The 10:00, Monday and Wednesday class will go through the various conditioning exercises. A select group, picked from the members of the entire freshman class, will tumble, do stunts on the buck and horse, show stunts on ropes, and run
engineer, and R. D. Lerner, sophomore chemical engineer, were confined to their homes for medical treatment. T. B. Lush, sophomore chemical engineer, and P. W. Strong, freshman engineer, entered St. Elizabeth’s for surgical ti-eatment. C. E.
the obstacle course. The obstacle McQuiston, freshman, engineering,
course, among other objects,
eludes weaving in and out among
J. E. Meagher, sophomore, engineering, and Cora Mersbach, soph-
chairs, running across a narrow omore, home economics, entered the
contagion ward of St. Elizabeth’s. D. A. Walther and .1. O. Winkler,
rail, climbing ladders and lea]nng a
four foot box.
At 8:05, the sophomores will take over to show the buck, waltz and
freshman engineers, entered St. Elizabeth’s for medical and surgical
other routines learned in the 2:00, Weatment, respectively
Wednesday and Thursday tap dancing class. Badminton by the 10:00
D. C. Rasmussen, freshman engineer; J. C. Schielko. sophomore,
Tuesday and Thursday class, and agriculture, and A. H. Seddon, fencing by several classes will be .W'lior metallurgical engineer.
were discharged from St. Elizabeth’s contagion ward. Thursday, B. J. Johnson, sophomore chemical engineer, returned to classes after being confined to his home for med-
ical treatment.
Scabbard And Blade To Hold Dance; Forma! Dinner, Sa!., April 10 Scabbard and Blade Dance will be held Aijiil U) in both b.ilhooms of the Union, The dance was ori.g-
. inallv scheduled for lilarch 19 but Triton Club will repeat its opening postponed due to the induction
demonstration.
carried on simultaneously. Dance Club Will Repeat
8:15, the Modern Dance Club will re-dance the program put on several weeks ago for the benefit of those unable to see it then. The repeat program will include the same informal demonstration • of techniques and dance composition; fol-^ lowing will be the Spanish-Ameri-' can folk dances which are popular in Mexico, South America and the Southwest. The Dance Club is an organization, sponsored by the Women’s Athletic Association and is about six yeais old. Faculty advisor is Theresa Bell and its presi-
dent is Eleanor Serban.
Concluding the Open House, the
Univei'sity Department of Agriculture in co-operation with the U. S. Bui'cau of A.gricultural Economics reported today that Indiana farmers will mobilize 3.5 per cent more acres for spiing planted crops this season than the acrea.ge devoted to these crops last year. To obtain this increase, Hoosiers will plant nine per cent more acres of coi'ii than a year ago, ei.ght per cent more soybeans, 16 per cent moi'o potatoes, eight per cent more tobacco, one per cent less oats, and 21 per cent less barley, the statistics
show.
An area 350,000 acres larger than the acieage devoted to these crops in 1912 is the predicted grand total of crop inc7’eases, with a 10 per cent smaller acreage seeded to winter wheat last fall than the year before and with no expected change in the total hay acrea,ge. This area will probably be planted at the expense of plowable pasture and idle crop land, the report stated. “The extent to which farmers realize the^c intentions will depend 071 the weather conditions, loss of wintei' gi'ains and new clovers, availability of farm workers, and numerous other factors,” according to the I'epoj't. Jack Russell To Play For Cary Club Forma! Cai'y Club men will don winter formal di-ess for the last time as a group on Fi'iday, Mai’cli 26, for the annual spring formal. Jack Russell and his oi'chestra will play for the dancing in the noi'th balli'oom of the Union fr^nn S to 11:30 p. in. Russell spends the greater part of his time playing in hotels and ballrooms of Chicago. The Edgewater Beach, Stevens, Congress, Diake, and Morrison ai’c a few of the more famous hotels in which his orchestra has played. His style is too varied to be specific. Swing, one-steps, waltzes, Gei'shwin tunes, and even a bit of choir work can be rendered by this versatile 7naeBtro. Pi’actically any I’cquest number will be possible fi'om the group. Membci's of Cary Club with their pas.sports maj' obtain tickets at the Cary Hall post office today and tomorrow.
University Calendar
Tuesday, March 23 Thursday, March 25
9:00 A.M. No. Cent. States Ent. Conf West Faculty Lge., Union 3:00 P.M. Screen Review Hall of Music 6:30 P.M. Rural War Pi’oduction Group Assembly Rni., Ag. Hall
Friday, March 26
9;00 A.M. No. Cent. States Ent. Conf West Faculty Lge., Union 4:00 P.M. Cosmopolitan Club ...r Roo7n 304, Union 6:30 P.M. Methodist Student Dinner Roo777 s 332, 334, Union 8:00 P.M. Mathematids Dept. Squai-e Dance.... East Faculty Lge., Union 8:00 P.M. 4-H Club Meeting and Dance West Faculty'Lge., Union 8:30 P.M. Pi Kappa Phi and Theta Xi Dance.... South Ballroo7n, Union 8:30 P.M. Ca7'y Club Dance North Ballroo7n, Union
Saturday, March 27
8:30 P.M. Mixer Noi’th Ballroo7n, Union Today's Screen Review News—8 min. .! 3:07—4:30 Beyond the Mask of Nippon—18 min 3:15—4:38 Strange Errtpire—9 min 3:33—4:56 First Aid—10 min , ..3:42—5:05 Education for Death—11 min 3:52—5:16 Sniper Soldiers—10 min 4:03—5:26 Medero of Mexico—11 min ,...4:13—5:36 Jasper and the Haunted House—7 min 3:00—4:23—5:47
Club To Hold Banquet Together with Omicron Nu, home economics honorary, the V. C. Meredith club will hold their traditional banquet on April 1 in the cafeteria of the Homo Economics building. This outstanding event on the club’s schedules will bo attended by the members of both organizations. Tickets are 50 cents; the program will be announced
soon.
Notices
The Ratio 3.55... to I
DID YOU SEE The Phi Dolts di'aivging that pink elephant bar down Grai7t street to their house 7'ight out in broad daylight the other day? It belong.-, to the Dolts and they were tryin.g to keep it quiet. They should have known that the Phi Delts never keep anything’ quiet. And while we aio on the Phi Dcll.s. did you hear what the man fro7i7 the Navy who was visiting a lot of the fraternities with Fletemeyer the othci- day said when he .“aw one of oui- fail coeds walkin.g down their second floor stairs? Quote, “If she .goes with it, we’ll take the house.” Unquote.
Knight To Direct High School, Collage Army ; Dr. Frederick B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied psychology, has been granted, a leave of absence fi'om the University to head the victory farm voluntai’y pi’ogu’am, the department of agriculture has ani7ounced. Dr. Knight is in Washington now to draw up the plans for 7'ecruiting and placing a half million high school and college youths on fai'ins this summer. The job is an important one since it concerns the land army of the United States in gathering together a crop corps of 3,500,000 workei’s. This pi’ogram is sponsored by the U. S. department of agi-icultin-e and the U. S. office of agricultui-e. Di-. Knight owns and opei'ates two 7nidwestern corn-hog fai’ins. Bug Experts Discuss War Extension school entomologist.s from the inidwestei-n states staided a sei’ies of meetings on wartime insect conti'ol jii-oblems yesterday. Approximately 125 .state and fed-ei-al bug expei-ts met ye.stei'day, and will be here throujlilhout today
and tomori'ow.
In meetings of sectional and i-egional'groups ye.stei-day, the entomologists agieed that their mo.st important job was to control those insects that have a direcU effect on the war effort, such a.s gai'den pe.sts. Techniques of getting accui’ate a7id effective infoi’ination on methods of combat and conti'ol to the genei'al jmblic wei-e discussed.
Discussion Held
The meetings aro of the cential plant boai’d and the north cent7-al states cmlomologists. A discussion was also held today of the availability of baj'i'iei' 7natei'ials for chinch bug (•07iti-ol. Lt, Goy. Dawson ■ ■ ■ will be the s]7eakei' at the i7)onthly luncheon of the agidcultura! stall Momlay tujon, IMai'ch 29. Hi!? topic will be “New Legislat:oii Affecting Ltdiana .4g7-icu)tui'e.”
of ROTG 777C777bei’s into ac’iivc duty. The dance will be foi-niul, following ;i mililL\ry theme with niany flag's lining the ballrooms a77d a gi'aiui march beneath ai'ched sabers. No oi'chesti'a has been billed
as yet.
Cadet officer uniforms will bo worn by cadet officers and fov’mal chess will be in order for the others. Tickets will not be sold since admis.sion will be by bid only. Dinner for Scabbard and Blade memboi's and their guests wdll be stu'ved before the dance. Black, Jones Hold Top Essay Contest Honors George Black w'as announced as the recii7icnt of first place ii7 the annual Ce7c.s Es.say contest held last semester. This announcement w'as marie at the annual initiation banquet of the club held last night at the Ihiion. Bob Jones was also announced as Ihc winnoi' of second
prize.
'l'oastn7aster for the evening w'as J. V. Hayes who is president of the clui). A word of welcome was tendci'cd by J. O. Bi'ay and IM. U. Stackhouse, head of the pledge class, ofl'ci'cd the initiate’s I'espon.ie. I’lofcssor Robbins oi' the a,g'i'onomy (lepa)tment spoke on the histoiy oi' Cei'cs. Ho was one of the fouiideis of the club in J920 and was well (ju.ilified to present the past, pioscnl, and j)7'obal7le future of this honoi'ai'y. The initiates w^’i'e as follows: J. F. .4c';eiman, 11. E. Allen, H. R. Bo!',’'y, \’. W. Davis, I). A. Eizin,gei', J. L. Ma)ks, C. H. McCoikle, G, E. Nelson, \V. T. .Rule, and M. U. Stack house.
to the ^dihfv
AVHAT WAS WRONG? The Kappas scorn to care quite a bit for these Ensigns of late. Rat I'uhey, who used to date Kappa Sig Chuck Alter quite a hit, recently changed to an Ensign who had a car that he w'as willing to let hei' have to bunr around ii7. Well, it seems that one day the cai wouldn’t start and poor Pat was comjjellcd to call her Ensign boy f7'iond and get the cai' hauled away. What Pat didn’t know w'as that her .giipcd ex-boyfi'icnd, Chuck Alter, had i)ushcd a potato up the exhaust pipe.
Consider the sii.gar shortage With pi'ioiitics and.^such. Considci' poor old Showic Who isn’t i77adc of gold, And flowc7's, seegars, candy Are 777aking him grow old. He’d rathei' bought some W'ar
sta mn-'
(Patiiotic soul he i.s). But it seems as thou.gh his love life Is everybody’s biz. And of late he’d hoard it rumored From his One and Oi7ly’s camp. That .should he uol pi'oduce the
.goods
Her si>irits would be dan7)7. Now' this pertui'bed oiir hero Into action did he leap, Foi' he didn’t W'a7it to bo the one To cause his Love to weep. Foi' he knows she hasn’t showered Foi' months (or maybe years) And to terminate this 7'ecord 7iow Would move the girl to tears. So take this little token For all the goorl ’twill do ya, And spare dear Molli from the sliow'cr I’l'aisc be and hallelujab! —The B;iid of Grant St., 1913 Buy War Bonds And Stamps
^ u ft! M<l Si«mn Delta Chi: PlecKies pick up plaque#
Omicron Nu, Meredith" Senate Petitioners: All petitioiiB for F|u* ior and senior appointive positions for Stu-
dent Senate arc duo this
Student Senate: Mrvtini? at 7:30 Tn m. toniahl. --MIDLER Senior Hoard: Mcotinir this afternoon in
Senate ollicc at 4 :IB p. m.
.Students in Mechanism. M. E. U: A film
cnlitied "Goar Production Methods will he .shown at 7 ;30 ji. m. on Thursday, March 5 in room 1028 of the Mpchniiicnl Engin’oerinR- huildiiiR. All M. E. II students arc
oxpreU'd to attend. * Students id Machine Design Coutaea:
Makeups J'or tests missed in M. U. 11, 65 and 66 will be pivon at 1 p. m. Saturday, April :T. in room 301 of the Mechanwal
Engineci iiip: building’. AULT Della Rho Kappa: Piedginpr at 4:30 p. m.
Thursdav, March 26. in room 306 of the
Union. 'All plcd«oB he
Gimlet Pledges and Actives: Pledging on Tuesday. March 30. at 7 ;30 p. m. Place will be announced later. —MENKE Gold Peppers: Leave motley and tickets for Relays in soalid cnvelopc-a at West Desk by 4 p. m. this afternoon.
— MacDONALD
G. E. 1 and G. E. 2: No meeting on Saturday, Maieli 27. —KNAPP Ag Ciicms: Mooling Thursday at 7:30 p. m. in room 100 of the Ag Chem building. Dr. Shrewsbury will speak on vitamins. All
As Chems aro urged to attend.
~LUNDI?ERG
Phi Lambda Up.silon: Debris picture on Thursdas, March 2.7, al 10 p. m. in South Hallroom of Union. Pledges .and actives be (here. “ GOFF 'fail Bela,Pi: Election of pledges Thursday, Aiinl I, at 7 ::in p.' m. in room 302 of tile Union. Plaques will be given only to men uh.) aileiul. —SEDDON A. S. (’. E.: Oiien mooting Thursday, Mai eh 2.’i. at 7:'10 p. m. Program will cOn.sisl of an illustialeil Itol.iro on Alcatl highaav given hi Capt. Poll Potty. Sophomores an^ urgu' to atteral. -- EBLING All Zoiia'.es: Actives aio nigod to attend a short luisine's niettiiig at 4 )i. m. in room :().7 of the Armory on 'I’hur.sday, March 25. it- inonilier Deiiris pietiiH' will be taken in South iiallii'om of Union at 10:.70 tonight.
- UNGER
AH Women Students: The St. Louis Girl Scout Council is in need of girls to work in their caniri this summer. Jobs available are unit leader, assistant unit leader and water front director. Any one interested should telephone or come in to the Placement Service for Women (2956) immediately.
—FELDT
All Students: All students who wish to woik for the Registrar during the Summer Term rigistration, April 26 and 27, are requested to make a>iplication at the Registrar’s olliec. 'I’hoso with previous experience at registration or in other elerieal jobs are given iirefcrenco. “ STONE CE 62: A condition test in Highway Construction, GE 6'2, will be held at 1:30 71. m , Saturday, March 27. in room 206 of the Civil Engineering liuilding. —PETTY Military Training Certificates: 'I'hose students who :ire not in the FjRC :uu1 expi'ct to join the Armed Service .should e:ill at thc Aimory I0 make arv.ingoimiit- for ihrir KOTC Certilieates. - ROHINSON Alpha Phi Omega: C.aps have anivid. Pureluise ticket must iiO old:iinod jrum M.
L. lieiidi r, 312 S. Cary Hall.
-HENDElt
Purdue Cliristiaii i’oundation : if you w:int to atlond the Woilrl Prii ndship Ilaiiquot (ch.ckoii diuni'i ) ;it 3."io P-r, ph .iso niiiK, nsorvatioii wi.h Ti rry Hu-v. 4053 Poll NaHi. 2670, Sviv i.i Piulov, 6>71l, ei D.ck Pci-rv, 2sui. Thiv will l.oou, last I uni.I noxl f.il! I "I so.l, I's a,l an ,1 mn . n Pridav wmung. .7; l.'i, at llio I al.iyillo Chriitian Chuich. W'EXDIsi.L (hem .3 and i Students: I'sr.t copies, in good ooiuiition, a aguds 1 iiK duils .d' (.,l,emic;il Eiiuililii lurn ;i.id (Joalitativo Analvsi , 2nd P.dilion, an urgonUi iiociImI
for til. War Training Pim.iam.
- PliAUCE
P \C; lii-i'M' I p. m in Ma.k
cling ionight at -JOHNSON
War ('.Hiiicil: Mm tine tonight al 7:30 in ,Stui' nt Hnu... I ffu . .'\tU ndano, compulMU\. WENDELL
Green ('Inaid: Mo.'ting Thin-.d'iy, -'i’.i.oh 2"), at ) 1 . ni. in the ,\WS uliui. 1 vqun l.ail. THO.MI’SON
AIME: Oinui ni.'cling 2). in loom 2ilJ .,f Hoav pioturH, wq!l ho vluiwn < ami Heal 'I reaiii'g l''urii H' al 'I'.Mitirig Comi>-ni\
Newman Cliih: Gioup iiittu lakon 'rhursday. Ataioh 25, al 7 South liullruoin oi the Union to got Diet 1110 taken.
lursdav. M.lich 1 H.ill M.ivuig "llM't Tuatiiig
tULT
Sigma Delta C'lii: 'I lii'i'.' will ho an itnportaiil imoting of ail pledge- and .ictivos in the Exponent oltico at 1 p. ni. 'I'lllirsday, March 25. PAFl'.lir Adianccd Course R()TC: Tho-o ..luilinis not ill Ih.' ERC and mil Mdieduied l.u Indianapolis April 2 1 poll 111 Siud, 111 Hialth Sol vice at 9 a. ni. Fii.iay, rdaroli 'ib.
KOlilNSON '
Isl Hrigade Cadet Oflieors: I’ioluros uf Prigado and Regimental slail- foi the Debris will he lai.en in th ■ Ainioiv at 11 i.lll .1 m.. Thm-d.iy, Manh '25. alt 1 ilianis-al ofCoip,. ROPINSON Alpha Phi Omega: important bu-.noss m I’ting Till -day. .Marcli lit), at 7 :3t) p m. PI loom 30, ul the Union. Eiietiun o! ollieer.s will h,. held tin n. • GO.SSWEIN
Classified Ads
Typew rilors: Addinp: machines, all niakeA sulil, runted lujuncd and purohabed. Mimeo-j.-’iapli work dnru'. ('. J. KbcrsholT, 605 Main, l/cilait LLc, j’iujiu' X770. Monev to Loan: On diamonds, watches, puns, luppape, t.viiuwrilurb. Albert's Loan OfTioc, 407 Coluinbui. Wanted—Men ami women stinionts to uDik at T’uidne C’aft’leria. Apply at CafeU‘i la Oil lee. litist—Ont' Lnu Lop Decitrip-Duplex Slide lUilu. Kindei pkasu call .'J036, Reach. Ke-
w .ml.
Lbs(—CiKtii and black lifetinie ShoafTet* ftHiniatn p. n. IL \Miuk .1. V. WhksUev. I’h.itu HllOd. Wanted—Will pay ca'^h for dobk model Cull Jack, phone .ll'jSI.
Dolphin (Inh: Repular i Match :Wi. at T-P) p ni in Fiel Hums'' Ail acti\cs jiK
L'iinp Tuesday, .om Mil of the ' he prt'senl. SMITH
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Phi Kappa
. . . .social fi'utciiiity, iiiipOLii.cos the election of the followino' officei.s: Hob .Scelziq jitesitleni; John Dol on, vite iircsj,!(.iit; Walt .Stipjilei, s(t'rot;u.7; Dominic Ma.ss'militin, 1 i'eti-Lii Cl ; iuid Boll Ault, liotise
iiiiiiia.'t r.
Maj. Walkes^ W« nsSow . . . of Jiidiaiiaijoiis, MIC ’ii, f’ommaiidinp' Oiiicci' of tlie indiaiiti cixiiiaii ail' patt'ol, i.s in cliaipo oi' tip* oi'nanizdiioii oi' tiiLs jjlui.se of liome iioiii aciiviue.s.
Deal' Ediioi': Speakinq' foj' Alpha Phi Oincga, 1 wi.sh to clarify the situation iji I'eqai'd to oui' hats. The hats, a.s ordered, wci'c to be made witlj a qold crown and a blue trim. The manufactiucr jjiade the mistake of makinq them entirely of one color. Since Aljjha Gamnja is but one of one hundred chapLei's of Alphii Phi Orneqa, ami Blue and Y'ellow are ouj' jiational colois, we w'cie 77ot ti'yin.q to be confused with the local Gimlet Club. We are sorry oui' YELLOIV hats were confused with the GOLD of the Giiulet’s dminq the few days before we liad a meetinq and could make a chanqe. W'e apiiieciatcd the fine manner in which the mattei' was In'ouqht to 0117' attention. Wo wei'c sorry, in fact, to learn that the author is Jiot listed in tlje University Directoiy. Wo hojie' the chanqe is satisfactory to the Gimlet Clui) and hope we can lioth exist on tliis campus in jieacG and harmony. Respectfully youj's, F. ,J. Gujjpcnbei'.qcr, Scci'etary, Aljilia Phi Omeqa.
(Gontinued fi'om page 2) and always played in unison. •Minor 'I'heine I’revalent The Iveys tire never definitely major, or minor, but in ijctween, giving the impi'ession of a combination of liotli, the minor theme lieing moi'o prevalent, the tune having none of the effects resulting from tne cliange J'l'oin one definite liey to the otlier. The pentatonic scale has two minor tliird.s without tljc alternative ol' ;i note Ijetwccn. Tlii.s five note scale which eorresjionds to tlie 'vesii rn notation was incretised to a scale ol' nine dui'ing the Ch’ing dynasty, Imt later j educ(‘d to the original live. ’I'liere is no true scale in Chinese music according to tlie Occfdentat sense, ft is vaid tlicse five tones I'epresented the Emjieror, tlie ministei', the jjeojjle, affairs of state and niatoi'ial olijects I'esjiectivoly. Al.-o tliey wci'e conti'asted witli five liltmet.v, five points, iivt color.s and live element' . (I'o lie cojitinued)
SNOBS The girls in that cold marble vault are snubbing soineone again. This time it’s Chi O Ruth Cummins who has Bill Dunn’s Phi Gam pin. Bill (wo hope it’s Bill and not one of the other Dunns) once dated Jansing quite ;i bit and we .quess ihe .qirls always hoped that he would fall for her line instead. Personally, we don’t see wh.v the Kappas wori'y about Jansmg. Wo hear she’s still .qoin.q ivith that certain Ensign, njai'i'ied or not. There’s one born every minute.
NO DOUBT You’ve read on the fiont jiage of tills I'a.q about the ideal measurements of Alpha Chi Betty Hutchins. Well, she took quite a razzing over at the Sig Nu hou.-io the other night, esecially wiicn her date, Dave Lodge, got 11)7 at dinner and announced that he iiatl j'elay tickets whiclj entitled the brotlier.'- to vote I'or Hutchy. And wliile we’i'e on the Aljilia Chis, let’s give Dotty Keib a little razz. 'We always wore uiuler the impicssion that she was carrying' tile torch for either Phi Dclt R'dlph Nesslcr oi' .Sig Joe Meyers, iiotli ol' whom left last semestei', luit now we find that she’s, doing some Eiiiip on Saturday moi'iiing tiny gawd) to do it. 'I'o li.iisii off llie jias.sijii pit .gals, we’il s..y tlial I'aye 'I'jler lias Phi Psi Jackson O’Goniiell’s I'ing. What we Want to know is, why not the pin?
Science Helps Yoo Save! Continuing scientific research has taught us how to treat your clothes kindly when you send them to us for cleaning service. aunvN clfaINed clothes last longer BUY WAR BONDS
Laundry
1
■fC*