Purdue
Summer Session
Exponent
\^ol. 3 No. 5
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, June 29, 1939
900 Songfest Fans Fool Weather Man Stewart Leads Rained-Out Crowd In First SS Sin^. Dorothy Locke Gets Ovation In spite of inclement weather conditions last night which necessitated moving the first summer songfest into Fowle^ Hall, A1 Stewart, University choral director, and Geor^ Campbell, head of the music leaders’ training course, kept the crowd of 900 students, faculty, and townspeople on their toes throughout the program. Wesf Lafayette summer band, under the direction of Marshall Howenstein, held up the instrumental end of the musical session. Dorothy Locke, well known soprano, drew much applause with her groups of solos. Miss Locke, formerly with DePauw University, is studying at the Elkhart Conservatory of Music, Elkhart, Indiana. ; First Of Series This is the first of the regular weekly programs to be hew on Wednesday evenings at 8 oclock in the stadium. The other programs will ^clude fwo concerts by the West Lafayette summer band, two dramatic productions, and another songfest on July 19. Housemothers Discuss SlacKs, Hair Curlers; Swap Recipes; Eat Popcorn
Mor,. ReeJ,... gelect Cast For First
By B. J. Wickard Declaiming teachers, hastily scrawled notes, raised hands, questions, and discussion—it's a classI’oom of course, but not an ordinary college group. These students are housemothers who are earnestly pursuing knowledge at the ousemothers’ traning school, held on the campus from June 19 to July 15. “We are proud to be a part of this experiment in social training,” said Mrs. Harriette Scott, of the Ohio State chapter of Kappa Kappa Gamma. According to Mrs. SCott, the discussion groups in which housemothers compare experiences on such widely varying subjects as cooperative buying, social usages, misfits in the group, and stimulating conversation at the dinner table, have been most valuable in furnishing new ideas. ‘Practicality' is the keynote of the school. No theoretical discussions hez’e, but practical problems such as the following: handling of student labor, especially when the student lives in the group, how 'much should be spent on food, whether entertaining should be paid out of the food budget, how can food be made more attractive and palatable, when is it correct for girls to come to dinner in slacks or hair curlers, how should one handle guest meals, and attempting to teach the student to like more foods. “All the housemothers want receipts,” said Miss Naomi McGuire, supervisor of foods and housekeeping at the Women’s Residence Hall. “I have given them dozens and they exchange favorite recipes among themselves as well.”
Release Bulletin On Hot Water Piping J. M. Krappe, associate in gas engineering, is the author of a recent Engineering Experiment Station research bulletin on “Improved Hot Water Supply Piping.” The manual is a report of the work of research on the application of gas to domestic water heating, and is of importance in domestic water heating since it shows the savings effected and improved service possible. The bulletin is of interest to home builde^^, gas company employees, gas company customers. Eat Popcorn, Water! According to Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton, whose daily lectures on human behavior aid housemothers in solving personal problems, housemothers are the best student counselors insofar as ability to get along with people is^ considered. The group of 90 women at the Residence Hall should furnish a model in congenial group living. “Although we’re pretty tired at the ^nd of the day after concentrating^^-sSinti ly in class we do have time fun,” added Mrs. Grace Wfitkins, of the Butler Kappa chapter. “The other night, for instance, we had a popcorn party on the third floor of the Hall. About 75 housemothers were there at some time in the evening and the room was
. . . pretty vocalist who will be featured with Chuck Coe’s Purduvians in the Union Ballroom for tomorrow night’s mixer. The Purduvians will have two bass fiddles as well as five brass. This mixer will be made doubly attractive by the use of a color organ with light projected on the backdrop behind the orchestra.
\
PEW Department Plans Golf Tourney Entries in the mixed golf tourney planned for the week of July 10 may be made by signing a list on the bulletin board of the Women’s Gymnasium. The department of physical education for women will match partners, if players so desire. Every Tuesday at 4 o’clock both group and individual instruction in tennis will be given. Every Thursday at 4 o’clock group instruction in archery will be given, and at 4:30 Ging Back Chiltosky will demonstrate. The Indian will give individual instruction in archery at 4:30 every other day of the week. A tennis tournament is being planned by the PEW department for the week of July 17. Manion To Work For Indiarnapolis Times R. P. ^Rip) Manion', who is just completing work on a bachelor’s degree in public service engineering at the University, will start to work Saturday morning in Ihe city room of the Indianapolis Times. Manion spent four years on the Exponent staff, serving as editor-in-chief during 1937-38, and was managing editor of the Independent for one year. During 193536 he acted as correspondent for the Louisville Herald-Post, and for the past two years has been a Science News correspondent.
jammed with women eating pop-
corn, drinking ice water and fapf's-^-. While on the campus, Manion held ning themselves with the favors, membership in Iron Key, Sigma fans donated by a funeral home. Delta Chi, and other student, orWe had a wonderful time!” ganizations.
Two Plays The dramatic department yesterday announced the members of the casts for the firgt group of two plays to be present in the Stadium the ■ evening of July 12. The first play. The Black Valise, is a farce concerning a ‘ group of persons who are forced to play hosts to a madman who is determined, to kill everyone in the world. Henry Mason will be played by Sterling Shaw; Dooley will be played by Joe Mihal; Mi’s. Dooley by Gwendolyn Kindig; the Policeman by Wm. Carlson; and Dr. Nikolof by Edward Biascoechea. The cast is new to the Purdue stage, and although inexperienced, they are turning in a fine
performance.
The second play is a comedy. His First Date, the story of contemporary family life. The cast of this play is Charles Hart as Hebry Tippet; Gray Erick as Mr. Tippet; Alice Martens as Mrs. Tippet; Allison Lilly as Loraine Lotus; Ellen Keppner as Elonar Tippet; and Helen Steffe as Matilda. This cast is no stranger to the local stage, all having been in various Playshop roles. Templin, Steer Write Paper On Speech Of Pre-School Children Miss Mildred Templin, assistant in the speech clinic, and Prof. M. D. Steer, director of the clinic are authors of a paper Studies of Growth of Speech of Pre-School Children, just off the press, after being published in the Journal of Speech Disorders. During the past two years the study has been carried on with the assistance of the nursery school staff, with Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea, professor of child psychology, cooperating, and during the past year with the Lafayette Emergency Nnrsery. The paper gives the results obtained from observation of thi] Purdue children several times a week, and an especially designed picture articulation test given to both the Purdue children and the WPA children. Voice, general articulation, and rhythm were the points rated. In voice, quality, pitcIT'Snd intensity were observed. In rhythm of the child’s speech, jerkiness, prolongation of vowels, repetition on sounds, syllables, words, phrases, sentences and the type of block, if any, were studied. One ninth of all the children showed serious disturbances in rhythm. Ninety-three tests have been administered to children ranging in age from 1 year, 11 months to 4 years, 9 months. Personal information about the Purdue children has been recorded, with work being done to determine the relationship of the speech developmCht of the child and the factors cerning his personality.
1st Games On Green Tonight At 6:30
Rehabilitation Of Old
Cemeteries; Topic OF 130 Delegates
Provisions of the general ceifietery act of 1939, passed at the last session of the legislature, were discussed here at the University yesterday by over 130 delegates who attended the annual meeting of the Indiana Association of Cemetery Officials. Robert J. Arthur, Logansport, Ind., attorney, spoke
on the new cemetery act.
Methods of rehabilitating old cemeteries were outlined by Prof. R. B. Hull at the morning session, while questions on soils, insects, weeds, plant diseases, and many others covering the entire field of cemetery operation were answered during an open panel discussion in the afternoon. This program was led by Ray E. Seibert, with the assistance of Prof George Enfield, Prof. J. J. Davis, Mr. 0. C.
Lee, and Dr. C. T. Gregory.
Students To Vie With Professors Tonight from 6:30 until 8 o’clock, Games on the Green,, traditional summer session recreational feature, will hold sway on the varsity training field north of the Fieldhouse. A very informal atmosphere will prevail as students and faculty mix shots in the various games of skill offered for participation. Among these are archery, badminton, volley ball, tether ball, softball, ping pong, and many others. Plans for these initial Games on the Green are very similar to those of last summer. The first session last year sent some 75 students and faculty members ninning to shelter when rai began to fall. Should history repeat itself tonight, the Games will be held inside the Fieldhouse.
Offer New Curriculum For Women Scientists Pioneering in the field of education for women,'the University will offer a new curriculum for women science students next fall. The courses will be offered as an experiment to a selected group of 35 to 40 freshmen women who are interested in a background in the natural sciences, but are
majoring in the social sciences or humanities. Designed to fit women for work .
in the fields of personnel work, public administration, social service, radio broadcasting and public speaking, as well as teaching and such majors as history, government, modern* languages, sociology or psychology, the course is the result of two years’ study by the committee on the education of women. During their freshman and sophomore years these girls will obtain their technical background through survey courses in mathematics and the natural sciences, physics, biology, and chemistry. No Routine Instead of teaching routine procedures, the survey courses will stress concepts, principles, historical development and the cultural connection of the different sciences. For example, instead of taking routine measurements in physics laboratory, students will become acquainted with historical experiments of Galileo, Newton, and others as contrasted with modern laboratoiy procedures shown through motion pictures from large industrial concerns. Special courses of this type are now being offered also at Yale, Columbia, and Chicago Universities, and have been most
Penalty Days . . . . . . will be Monday, July 3, and Wednesday, July 5, it was announced yesterday by Dean of Men M. L. Fisher. These are the only penalty days on the summer session calendar.
successful. The junior and senior years will be devoted to concentrated study in the field of the student’s choice, with opportunities offered for additional credits through extra work. Woman Counselor Special counseling service will be provided for the group through a woman director who will help the student to plan her four year program of work as well as advise her on the choice of extra curricular activities and pergonal problems. The group of students will be selected on the basis of interest in the curriculum, their high school record, a personal interview and their ratings on a special competi-^ tive examination. Inquiries about the course should be addressed to the Dean of Women’s ofiice, Purdue University.
Men. PcM^ Qno4jtA Mid^iacUei Soo^uJuyva Kentuchu
By K. C. Houston (Exponent Correspondent) Dear REI: Well, one week has gone by now, and we have five more to go ^—^down here at the Purdue ROTC camp at Fort Knox. Opinion as to the liking or disliking of camp seems to vary quite a bit after this first week from those who would like to stay here for a long time to the other extreme expressed something Jike this by Beta Flash Hub Boyer, “I would much rather be in summer school than in this &*)%(§ place.” (Incidentally, Hub was quite anxious to get his name in the paper, so this is especially for his benefit.) For our first week at camp work has consisted mostly of practising going into action as a firing battery and of target practice with 45 caliber pistols. They’re Bugle Silly Life here in camp might easily
be described as a series of bugle calls. We are called out. of bed by a bugle every morning except Sunday at 5:20 a. m., called to assembly at 5:45 a. m., breakfast at 6, and assembly again at 7 ready to begin the day’s work. Then at noon we are called to lunch by the bugle, to assembly at 1 o’clock ready for the afternoon’s work, to assembly for retreat at 5:50 p. m., and to supper at 6. At 10 p. m. a call is blown which means that the lights must go out and at 11 a call signifies that; everyone must be in bed. R. C. Becker unintentionally^ demonstrated today how useless a battery of 75’s can be at times. He was executive in charge of the firing battery and got the gun set up out on the range before he discovered that the sights were missing. On top of that, the men he sent back to get the sights attempted to take a short cut which
didn’t turn out so good. As a result the guns were more or less out of action for quite a while. Cookie Dusters Purdue batteries of the ROTC camp are growing more and more obvious as time passes. Almost every Purdue student to the man is growing a mustache, some of which can be seen and others in the peach fuzz classification. Among tho^e with the more manly mustaches are George Olson, Clarence Hotler, and Henry Heubner. Phi Gam Dick Potter is also doing pretty well. The boys in Battery A got the last laugh on their officers for once. They had to take the breech blocks on the guns apart and couldn’t put them together again —but neither could their instructors, Captain Murphy and Captain Wiselogal. Dance At Brown Last week-end we had a dance
in Louisville for all of the ROTC students in camp. Everyone had his ego bolstered when the convoy of about 25 trucks taking the fellows to toAvn was met at the city limits by motorcycle police who escorted the convoy right into the heart of Louisville with screeching sirens which made the local populace gape. The dance was a tag affair which ended up with the most popular girls changing partners every few steps, and the unfortunate fellows were stuck with someone less popular, giving their friends that ‘please cut in’ look. Red Shackleton seemed to be enjoying the dance despite having had two ‘KP’ duties before, one regularly scheduled and the other for not shaving for inspection. Jimmy Hoffman also had quite a time at the dance though he had been battery commander the day before (which means a lot of
cramming), on guard duty the night before and on ‘KP’ the day
of the dance.
Hoffman Fires Blank Jimmy Hoffman had the honor of being the first battery commander to have his gung lost. G. G. Burke, acting- as scout corporal, one who is supposed to guide the guns into position, sent them down the wrong fork in the road where they were stuck in the mud for nearly an hour. Besides that, Burke took his detail to the wrongspot after the guns were pulled out, and there they sat until lunch tim^ while everyone else was trying to locate them. Top ranking man on the demerit list to date is Stan Steinbach who is well ahead of his nearest com petitor. He has a total of six, two for coming to, camp three days early, three fm- retreat, and another one for tent inspection.
Six demerits here at camp means a lot more than six at school. Down here six demerits means that he will have to do two Sunday ‘KP’ duties or three Saturday
‘KP’ duties.
Some In Hospital
Andy Perrin has been in the hospital for several days with a fever, and a lot of other boys are suffering from sunburn. Lou Freyman got something that I had never heard of before, that is sunburned lips. He had to be treated at the infirmary today. Several other fellows also have sunburned lips, thought not so bad. As for myself, I am down to the third layer of skin on my nose, two layers having been sunbui-ned and
pealed off in the last week.
It is getting very ■'dose to the ime at which I must be in bed,
so I shall close with—
/ —best wishes, ' “KC” Houston
01"I
■
■I
#2
»t' -Ti ,,; <Fi,s
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
VvjW' H '' Thursday, June 29, 1939
r
Open Letter To /?ip Dear Rip: Long after midnight on many evenings we have studied, talked, and worked together in the Exponent Union office. It certainly made us happy yesterday when we heard the Indianapolis Times had telephoned for you to go to work Saturday. As a junior editor. Rip, you helped us along the journalistic trail when we were a freshman reporter. As editor you printed our first editorial when we were a sophomore issue editor. As ex-editor, we consider you one of our best friends, whether in the Exponent Qffice or out of it. You've left some real accomplishments behind you, Rip . . . let’s look at the record. You were instrumental in the success of the Book Exchange and last year’s Summer Session Prom. The Summer Session Exponent itself is your brain-child. Your editorial campaigns on student housing, your drive to better conditions in campus eating places, and your “Wasserman Week” were all successful undertakings. You inaugurated Exponent’s Good Teaching campaign, and the work you started is still being expanded in our columns. Your old friends on the Exponent and Independent staffs will long remember your hard, earnest work, Rip. Reamer Club, Iron
PURDUE EXPONENT
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the summer session. Summer mail subscription $0.50.
Editor-in-Chief
Business Manager
R. E. Insley
W. E. Smith, Jr.
D. G. Terrio Editorial Director E. M. Antonini Advertising Manager Rolfe Jenkins Sports Editor J. H. McKee, Jr Associate Editor OFFICES Editorial Union Bldg., Room E—4005 Business 312 N. Fifth, Lafayette—5038 This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director.
REFRCSENTED FOR NATlONAl. ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York N.Y. CHICAGO F BOSTON - SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGEi.Es - Portland ■- Seattle
Member Associated Collegiate Press
New Pamphlet Telb Recent Developments In Safety Gl ass Seven different experiments performed on safety glass in the different departments of the Purdue Engineering Expeiiment Station are desciibed in a pamphlet Methods and Equipment for Testing Safety Glass, by Prof'. R. B. Crepps of the civil engineering school, and C. S. Sprague of the Experiment Station. The pamphlet was recently issued, on the completion of the project which was started at the request of Peter F. Hein, former state treasui’er, following the enactment of a law by the 1935 general assembly of Indiana, providing that new automobiles sold in Indiana after January, 1936, must be equipped with safety glass. The tests were designed to indicate the mechanical, chemical, and optical characteristics of this laminated combination of glass and plastic material. Particular emphasis was placed on the type of fracture, discoloration of the plastic, percentage and distortion of light transmitted and other factors relating to the amount of hazard when such glass is used. Passes All Tests Impact tests were made on samples of the glass with a falling half-pound steel ball, a falling leather shot bag, and a falling sharp-pointed steel dart. Other tests were made for humidity, resistance to boiling water, discoloration and visibility distortion test. The impact tests showed radial cracks, without scattering glass, or clean punctures. None of the samples in the humidity tests de-
Klitz Explains Co-op Program In Bulletin The complete cooperative program between the state agricultural education program and the vocational agriculture taught throughout the state is outlined by K. W. Kiltz of the division of education and applied psychology, in a bulletin just off the press. Kiltz is a former vocational agriculture teacher and resident and itinerant teacher trainer, and has had wide experience in working with local and county committees in Indiana in the organization and adminsitration of programs of agricultural education. His work is an outline of the responsibilities of such committees and the interrelations of vocational and extension education in agriculture.
veloped spots, bubbles or loosening of the glass from the plastic. No cracking occurred in the boil tests, the irradiation tests produced only- slight discoloration, and with the exception of a few specimens having slight flaws in the glass, all speciments passed the visibility test without showing serious distortion.
LUNA TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
2 First Run Hits
It’s Breezy! It’s Zippy! It’s Hilarious! JUNE LANG ROBERT KENT
‘For Love or Money”
WBAA Schedule
—Today— 11.00—Morning Melodies. 11 50 —Purdue News Flashes 12 00—Mary Johnston—soprano 12-15—“Meet Your Voice” 12 .30 -Luncheon Dance Time 12 -45—Market Reports. 1.00—Eugene Finegan—violinist 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1 45—Edward Foley—pianist 2 00—Your World of Business 2 16—Melody Moments 2 30—You and Your Child. 2-45—Treasure Chest 3 00—Afternoon Music 3 30—Little Red School House of the Air. 3 :45—Rhythm Review. —Friday— 11.00—Morning Melodies. 11 50—Purdue News Flashes. 12 00—Agricultural Forum 12 15—Sports Review—Dick Shively 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 45—Market Reports. 1:00—Melody Moments. 1-15—Monitor Views the News. 1 45—Mary Louise Switzer—pianist. 2 00—Symphony Hall. 3 -00—Afternoon Music. 3 30—Highlighting the News. 3 .45—Rhythm Review. —Saturday— 11 -00—Just Kids. 11 15—Carolyn Wood—soprano. 11 30—Saturday Musical Review. 12 :00—Market Reports.
LAFAYETTE TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
DOUBLE FEATURE
— Plus ‘THE LITTLE TOUGH GUYS”
4 Days Starting SUNDAY os a bugle call . . ^ with its drama, ^ action, emotion, romance!
The story of Abraham Lincoln that has NEVER been told! with HENRY ALICE FONDA•BRADY MARJORIE ARLEEN WEAVERWHELAN
Key, and Sigma Delta Chi members alike will never forget your sincere personality. Good luck, and more power to you. Rip. Sincerely, Don.
AIR CONDITIONED COOL NEW MAIN
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
fiVE MINOIES FUQM BROADWAY The Gay White Way of the underworld „,, a dead-end street of dark shadows and darker crimes.
HARRY j TOMMY
ITS FIRST RUN
PLUS ‘PENROD’S DOUBLE iTHOUBLE”
"Also WALT DISNEY Cartoon
We are not trying to compete with the classified ad dept., but we feel obligated to keep our dear readers informed on certain subjects pertaining to their welfare. Keep in mind boys that YE OLE SUMMER PROM comes on the 28th of July—budget your beer money accordingly. It is a well founded rumor that some of the more far seeing eds have been on the ball striving to get their dates already. b & b LOCKED OUT. Imagine the embarras.sment of two of our visiting HOUSEMOTHERS when they returned from a night’s outing and found themselves locked out of the W. R. H. They spent the rest of the night winging stones at the window. b & b Maybe you are one of those poor unfortunates that his a girl at home and have also been playing with another in school—if such is the case and you are up a tree as to what to do—send us a complete description of both and we will help you make up your njind. Our service is quite complete in that we will find a date for the gal you don’t take— this is just our way of saying that we can’t even smell a date, b & b A WORD OF SYMPATHY— with her pm man in the hospital Bonnie Ketcham is staying home nights and studying—poor girl, b & b MORE ON HOUSEMOTHERS— the Sig Nus received a phone call from a couple of our knowledge seeking housemothers asking for information as to how they might find the BLUE BLAZER. Wouldn’t it be wonderful to be able to depend on the housemother substituting when your girl broke a date at the last minute. b & b ’ A class “A” filly of unknown affiliations or address walked into the Shop yesterday—4 eds immediately ■ left their comfortable positions on the sofas and followed her in—well, Frank, a decoy here and there will certainly help business.
We have known for a long time that the Sweet -Shop is a hang out for RATS hut yesterday a lonely mouse was found. Just to prove that our Sweet Shop lassies are different, one of them calmly walked up to the poor little mousie and stepped on it. Watch out in the next day or so when you eat sandwiches in ye ole shoppe, b & b News from Knox—^the boys report that they might just as well be at Purdue as far as dating is concerned. Bull sessions and crap games make a good substitute for the girls left behind tho. b & b Libby Funsett mfrst be looking for another man—notice the bright red outfit she is wearing these days—Mary Jane Hunt dropped in town for a few days—^you can find her in the Blazer—at least we’ve found a girl that came to school to work. You won’t get much done in the shop. Broils—^the good looking blonde on the afternoon shift in the Sweet Shop claims that love is not everything, in fact, she says that it is quite unimportant. b & b For those Avho feel that they want to curl up and die we recommend they do so at once—the cemetery keepers are having a convention here now—think of the reduced rates you will get? b & b SUMMER SESSION SOCIAL COMMITTEE had their weekly meeting yesterday and accomplished wonders—seems that hardhearted LIL forgot to show up. What would Val think, Lil—anyAvay the committee accomplished wonders—they put away lots of food. b & b In case this is the only part of the paper that you read maybe we had better explain to you that the Games on the Green this evening do not include “Post Office” or any similar games—the Alpha Chis will probably stay at home now—Gee! b & b Why does Hank Miller keep on dedicating programs to G. S. of Indianapolis. We wonder if it is the same G. S. of the Chi-0 house who is co-ed editor of the Exponent, member Mortar Board, Gold Peppers, and other athletic honoraries. Are you there Hank?
MARS TODAY - FRI.
5 BIG DAYS
Starting SATURDAY YELL! YELL! YELL! Because Tarzan is back... in grandei romance . . . more thrilling adventure . . . than the screen has ever before I
sans author — Johnny WEISSMyUER osuIlIVan and JOHN SHEFFIELD IAN HUNTER HENRY STEPHENSON FRIEDA INESCORT HENRY WILCOXON LARAINE DAY Slrecltd by Richard Thorpe. Produced by Sam ZImballst
News Since Tuesday
Play Golf at ^^Linee’s Fields” Lafayette Public Golf Course
Summer Students, the University Staff and Faculty can procure coupons at the Union and Fieldhouse a!t^pecial Purdue University Prices.
30c 50c
9 holes 18 holes
Linee’s Fields is an exceptionally well laid out and well kept 18 hole course.
Practice Players are directed to our Day and Flood Lighted Practice Range. Wm. Phelphot, Professional in charge
SPECIAL SALE Golf Clubs and Bags at a saving of from 20 to 60 percent. LINEE’S FIELDS
Sen-
Senate Amends Bill WASHINGTON, June 26
ate Republicans and silverites from the West joined forces today and amended the administration’s monetary bill which now forbids the devaluation of the dollar by the president. An amendment raised the price to be paid for western silver to 77.67 cents per ounce. The pres-
ent price is 64.64 cents. •
The only part of the bill that was not altered was the clause authorizing the Continuation for two years of the two billion dollar international exchange stabilizing fund. The revised bill passed by a voice
ballot late in the afternoon.
%
Long Sworn In ^ BATON ROUGE, La., June 26— Earl K. Long, brother of the late Huey P. Long, was sworn in as governor of the state this evening at 7:30, after former governor Richai’d K. Leche accepted his own resignation at 7 o’clock. Ceremonies took place at the governor’s mansion. Governor Long’s first big job will be the investigation of the 100 thousand dollar embezzelment charges against president of LSU, James Monroe Smith, who vanished yesterday after he resigned his post. Hope For Peace TIENTSIN, June 27'—Hope loomed todaj for peaceful settlement of the Anglo-Japanese dispute arising over Tientsin 14 days ago. Sir Robeit Craig ie, British ambassador to Japan, was awaiting word from London while the Japanese inner cabinet discussed Japan’s policy toward third powers in China. But in the field. General Masaharu Honma, Japanese army commander of forces in the Tientsiii area, said Japan increased the pressure on Britain until she changed her attitude. Neutrality Act In House WASHINGTON, June 27 — The presidentially packed Bloom neutrality act today entered upon a two day debate in the House. Rep. Fish (R-NY) opened the attack on the bill. “This may be the most important bill before Congress since the World War.W Thursday, June 29, 1939
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
4 )«';' ’^7 ^ <<1? 5- yfiji »|‘ ■ -•^ JS'^p 3 4^* i i^S).
Yanks Smash Three ^ Records In Double Beat Out Thirteen Homers. Earn 53 Bases^ ^ To Take Two Games From A*s, 23-2, 10-0 Philadelphia, June 28 (Special) — Not satisfied with just sweeping a twin bill from the A’s, the New York Yankees , also swept three records from the books today. In winning , the opener 23-2 the Yankees hit eight home runs, eclipsing the old record of circuit clouts in a single game by one. Hitting for 53 total bases in that first game they established ^ a new record for total bases in a single game. The world champs continued —
their long distance assault in the
nightcap hitting five more home Carroll Rccd
runs. Those 13 four-baggers in Y two consecutive games broke the old record of 11 also established
by the Yankees.
Joe DiMaggio, Gordon and Dahlgren each hammered out three home runs during the afternoon while Crosetti, Dickel, Selkirk and Henrich each socked one. Lefty Gomez pitched the New Yorkers to a 10-0 win in the second game.
. . . supajiintendent of public schools at Minneapolis, Minn., spent Tuesday here in conference with President E. C. Elliott, and inspecting the facilities of the in-
stitution.
In the evening, Eeed, an acknowledged leader in the field of public education, joined members of the education staff at an informal dinner gathering.
Co-ed Hours . . . . , . for Monday and Tuesday of next week will be moved up to 12 midnight, according to a statement by Martha Moorhead of the WSGA judicial board, last night.
President Roosevelt was an honorary patron of the Niagara University junior prom.
Eamon de Valera, premier of Ireland, has been awarded an honoralsy degree by a Catholic University.
y
J
if
YOU’LL ALWAYS
OF
convdiKncE
NTHE
® THE GRILL • CAME ROOM • BILLIARD ROOM • SWEET SHOP • CAFETERIA • TELEPHONES ® BOWLING ALLEYS and many others
mEinofiiiii
Corner of the Campus % yet the Center I of Campus Activities
(^alenio Lasts Four Rounds ^ Against Louis Yankee Stadium, N. Y., June 28 (Special)—“Got careless. Should’a knocked ’im out!” Tony Galento said after the fight last night in which he practically scored a moral victory, as he stayed for almost four rounds with Joe Louis. The Brown Bomber sent Galento down in the second round for the count of three, and finally cut him down again in the fourth. The fight was called, Louis retining the World’s championship by a technical knockout, after two minutes and 29 seconds of the foui:th round. The fight was not without a few bright spots for the loser, however. Tony landed a solid punch in the first round which jarred Louis, and after taking plenty of punishment in the second, fioored the champ in^the third round with a short left jab. A hard left and right to Galento’s head started the challenger toward his end. Tony grasped the ropes, turned and clinched, then staggered to his knees under a rain of blows by Louis, and the bout was stopped.
IS
k i.ii C- - T T i Milkmen first lo lest Summer Session Nine
First matches in the men’s summer session tennis singles tournament will begin immediately, with the 32 men who have entered all scheduled to play before July 5. Opponents must contact each other by phone or otherwise, according to W. E. Britt, and play the matches whenever they can, but the winner’s name must be signed on the chart at the checkout window bulletin board by Wednesday noon, July 5. The tournament will be completed by the first week in August. The schedule for this coming week with the summer phone numbers of the players listed alongside the names, follows: Smithson—2390 vs. Trueblood—46483 McCurdy—8421 vs Sidwell—66104 Porhes—3301 vs Kraybill, H L —41594 Logan—3063 vs Davis—8421 Walters—7242 vs Sailer—41594 Kraybill, R —41594 vs. Carlson—36893 Caterall—66931 vs Karnisky—71834 LaLiberte—4031 vs. Wleklmski—36201 Rosenberg—2476 vs Rogers—6294 Erick—8421 vs. Koehler—8421 Parmenter—56821 vs Thompson—66812 Waddington—6294 vs Calvert—6067 McGrath—3063 vs Combs—5779 Werst—3301 vs Moses—7724 Schrader—8407 vs. Bartelt
Game Called For 4:30 Tomorrow On IM Freshman Diamond Lawson Dairy will be the first opponent of the summer session varsity baseball team. The teams will meet on the freshman diamnod on intramural field tomorrow afternoon at 4:3^ Yesterday the squad worked out until it began to rain, ^nd following the workout Elmer Burnham, coach of the summer session team, announced what is his tentative lineup.
Galvin will lead off and play short; Patty or Juska will bat second and play right field; Sapp will bat third and play third base; Smithson, first baseman for Dutch Fehring’s varsity nine this spring, will be the clean-up position. Art Bredewater, also a varsity player this spring, will catch and bat fifth. Moser will bat sixth and play left field; Brock or Jelnick will play second and bat in the seventh spot; Tate will play center and bat eighth, and either Blanken or Krzewmski will pitch and bat
last.
Several other games will be played by the summer session team during the next six weeks. During the last two summers the team played a series of five games with Ross Civil Camp, winning the series both years.
El Play Today Softball teams will begin play in the summer league this afternoon on intramural field at 4 p. m. Eight teams which have already been entered up to this time are scheduled for games, but if other teams wish to play they may do so by showing up at the field at 4 p. m. Managers will check out equipment at the check-out window in the Fieldhouse, and each must secure an umpire and a scorer. To-' day’s schedule is as follows: PE School vs. Cary Hall Tigers. Faculty vs. Phi Tau Ramblers. Delta Tau Delta vs. Theta Chi. Beta Theta Pi vs. Tau Eps and Sig Pis.
Wash Pants $^65 up Sport Shirts $400 up
Swim Trunks up
Palm Beach Neckwear
S0OMA1NST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC
Fielders’ Choice By Rob’t J. Deckard There is a possibility that we are overshooting our mark at this relatively early date in the baseball season, but the old idea that the major league ball club on top of its. respective league standings on Independence Day is practically “in” as the representative of its league at the World’s Beries next fall has practically come true, according to our thinking-cap.
—^fc—
The New York Yankees, Avho are leaders by some 12 games in the American League, are certainly the boys to face a National League combination in the series, while the Cincinnati Reds are just about as certain to tangle with the Gothamites in the four-out-of-se\en game affair,
—fc—■
The Yankees are out-classing the rest of the junior circuit so much that to list them farther down in the final standings is being practically batty.
—^fc—
Of course, the Redlegs have the harder assignment of the two, but there isn’t much doubt that they won’t take over the circuit crown this fall. The Cincy boys possess everything, including power at the plate, a wonderful pitching staff, a fairly good defense, and a darn good team spirit. Just lately they have suffered a slump, but this is to be expected from any ball club in such a torrid league as the National.
—^fc—
C)ne must take a look at the other squads to realize the present situation. St. Louis Cardinals are hustlers, nevertheless they lack a good starting pitcher and need a couple of more consistent hitters. The New York Giants hurling department is so old it’s feeble, is noticeably weak. The mighty bats of Bonura, Demaree, Marty, and Ott are keeping them in the run-
ning.
The Chicago Cubs are a “fighting” outfit, and fighting is the word. They eternally fight among themselves and seem to can’t get underway. Dizzy Dean is their big question mark at the present time and possibly the prime factor if they come through to capture the pennant. The Brooklyn Dodgers are just a bunch of so-and-so’s. The rest of the teams are plain leak-outs. —fc— The Reds can’t help but w in the bunting if the other clubs continue to play ball as they have in the past month or so. When the Reds lose, the others lose; and vice versa. We call it pretty good consistency on somebody’s part. —fc— There is not a doubt about it. The Yanks are it, and the Reds aie it. The only thing that matteis now is the outcome of the World’s Series. Only later developments will tell the tale of that event.
Swim Course Converts 95 Percent Into Fish Outstanding results were obtained in the new course in beginning swimming which was offered for the first time during the second semester of the past academic year by the division of physical education for men as a result of student requests for instruction. Ninety-two per cent of the students enrolled in the course, which required three hours of work per week, learned to swim the length of the pool and dive off the diving board by the end of the semester. Approximately 48 hours were spent in the pool by each member of the class, which contained representatives from every school of the University. The course in beginning swimming was conducted under the direction of Prof. L. W. LaBree, with Matt Brmduse, a student in physical education, as instructor.
r Edits
Whatever Your Floral Needs cffl’s Hflvt m fioEST satcin Of ROW foil OR OCCflSIOOS L'lutL C^oiHycinu Phone 5423 522 Main St.
By Hank Miller Either it is too hot or else there is nothing very exciting coming up, because we can’t get vei’y enthused today. Anyway, here goes on some information that may be helpful in helping to dispel the hot weather. Evidently too many people have gotten the idea that a hot dog with mustard costs $1.50 at the New York World’s Pair because Grover Whalen is guesting on Rudy Vallee’s show at 6 tonight over WLW to deny it. May Robson, grand old lady of the screen, is also slated to appear oa the show in a one act play . . . At 8 o’clock, Edward Arnold and Allen Jenkins, both of the screen, will appear with Bob Burns on the Kraft Music Hall program over WLW. This seems to be the night for screen staf’s to do their stuff on the air. EE Tomorrow night Horace Heidt and his Musical Knights start a new commercial show at 8:45 over WMAQ^^ plug Turns. In three weeks the program will change to Monday nights at 7:30 and will last half an hour. The reason for the shift is the overlapping of contracts. E E / The Chicago Grant Park Concerts will take to the air Saturday evening at 8:30 over WENR to inaugurate a new summer series. This first concert will be played by Phil Spitalny’s All Girl orchestra. EE Last summer, Jim Ameche, Don’s little brother, made quite a hit in the Hollwood Playhouse’s dramaUzations, Win Your Lady. Hence, he returns Sunday at 7 p. m. in a new series for the same sponsor over WENR. These plays should prove interesting and entertaining listening if last summer’s plays can be used as a guide. EE Monday at 6:30 over WENR, RCA’s second Magic Key show in the new senes will feature Col. Lemuel Q. Stoopnagle as me. For the swing band of the evening, Charlie Barnet’s outfit will be featuied. Then at 8:30 over WMAQ, the dipsy doodler Lariy Clmton and his band will bow in with a new 30 minute show to make their bid for more kilocycle fame.THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thursday, June 29, 1939 0
'O
4 *
^ ’^■4
Ross Campers Crash Through With Two News Letters
Ag Teachers Hear N. U. Professor The place of government - in modern society was con- * sidered here yesterday by 375 vocational agriculture teachers and agricultural extension workers of the state attending the joint school which opened Tuesdaymiorning and will continue through tomorrow. In discussing the relation of government to social and economic affairs, Baker Brownell, professor of contemporary thought. Northwestern University, declared that the more completely a government is centralized, the less flexible it is and the less secure and less independent the individual citizen will be. “The family becomes more important as a unit of society when decentralization takes place,” said Prof. Brownell. “A big society breaks down of itself from lack of individual moral responsibility.” More Decentralization Brownell expressed the opinion that about two-thirds of iiresent production might be more efficiently done by decentralized units. As examples, he cited food products, furniture, clothing, and building materials, which he declared should be decentialized around coftvenient, economic power centers. Brownell also expressed the opinion that communism, naziism, and facism may be on their way out as they depend upon concei^ration, and decentralization might mean their downfall. “The ideal of democracy is a mode of organization that brings into being individuals whose selfelected programs contribute to the common good,” said Prof. E. L. Schaub, of the Northwestern University department of philosojiihy, in another of the day’s feature addresses. “Planned societies are harmonized means with ends contrived by the general group. It is when the plans are imposed by cliques that we have autocracies. We are not free when some one is interferring with the elected way. Liberty does not mean being left alone. It means a right, a privilege to plan out the living of a beneficial life.” Discuss Ag Adjustment To close the morning session, B. H. Hibbard, of the department of agricultural economics. University of Wisconsin, took up the problem of continuing a program of agricultural adjustment.
Some Practicing To Join WPA In 1942 by Bob Hettema (Exponent Correspondent) Dear Ed: Trust you will bear with me on this lead beater which was definitely of pre-war construction. I trust that you have an idea of our little set up down hereafter Saturday’s picnic . . . The place is getting more like a summer resort every day. We enjoy every kind of spoi’t down here from swimming on d|jwhi to hiking... I might say we have an excess of the latter and a minimum of the former . . . but I won’t. The entire set up from the camp site which IS 170 feet above the Wabash, down thru the informal atmosphere of classes and the superb food is very enjoyable. Two Types of Work Work at camp is divided into two main parts: topography and location work. Later in the season astronomical obsei’vations will be taken at night. Any co-ed interested in this part of the work will be received with open arms. And speaking of the finer things in life there is one brave lass taking the surveying course. “Suds” Lux IS the girl’s name, and she proudly boasts a batting average of 1000 Vc for Lommel’s Larrupin Lulus. While we’re on the subject of camp peisonnel it interesting to know that out of 71 students there are two from Panama, and one each fiom Nicaragua, Mexico, and the Hawaiian Islands. On her leturn from California Anabell Teeter will enter camp also . . . Your correspondent is pi’oud to say that Neligh’s Nibbling Nippers are leading the camp teams in softball. Due to Miss Lux’s efforts Todd’s Terrible Tuffs are deeply rooted in last place. The general comment around camp is that if Rettig would shave off his inch and a half blonde whiskers he might be able to raise his average to 900% . . . Time will tell... and maybe some dark night Delilah will pay us a visit... Work On Improvements Camp- improvement work started today under the direction of Prof. Freel. I ought to know, I was there .. . This year the erosion control work will be continued. The first job is to keep Ed’s barn from sliding down the valley. Some of the boys are looking forward to the WPA and are rather handy with the shovel. Each student spends a half day weekly on this work. The camp buildings, swimming pool and most of the other improvements have been the result of the annual wor^^HProgram. Every one is looking forward to a big July 4th week-end from Saturday at 4:30 to Wednesday
for
Fun
- - - and for school, you’re always comfortably cool in a 1939 sport shirt. The shirt can be worn either in or out (for added comfort) .
Belter make Dewenter’s your sport clothes headquarters, besides your dress clothes center. Dewenter’s
416 Main
Phone 3801
You Can*t See Sally Rand, But Treva Berry’s There
by Stew Wolfe (N. Y. Fair Representative) What’s all this chatter about Grover Whalen failin’ — 7 million paid admissions since May 1st as clocked on the big cash register at the entrance to the Pair is doing all right by any comparison. And about figui’es, since there’s no Sally Rand, the Pair has something as good. There's a little lady that does a dove dance. Object: art — the birds take the place of the fan's. $14.90 will see you through every part of the Pair and that includes everything in the 200 acre amusement area. 1,280 acres of Pair is a lot of walking, but a greyhound bus will save your puppies. If you are convention minded, there are 7 or 8 going on every day at the Pair. To add oddities there is a spiritualist convention this week. May See Old Bucket Inside information says Noble Kizer stated that the venerable oaken bucket will be on display at Grover Whalen’s extravaganza, too. Also on display for the last week is Purdue’s own beauteous Treva Berry, along with a lot of clocks by Elgin. Bell telephone gives you the chance to call up the home town free, if you don’t mind the whole Fair lislening in. One woman taking advantage of this called up that other place, San Francisco, and then dialogued in Greek. Outside Flushing Meadows there is still lots going on. Recommended for devotees of Jam and Jive the swingy shows of the N. Y. Paramount at Times Square, and the Glen Island Casino in beautiful Westchester county. Then there’s Coney Island if you are short on the old mazuMa. ( at 8. By working Saturday afternoon we will get Monday off. Just another example of the spirit that prevails in camp. Yours truly. Bob.
Graduate Catalog Lists 700 For Year 1938-39 Seven hundred graduate students, 105 of whom hold two degrees, have been registered in the University during the year 193839, it was learned Monday on publication of the annual graduate school catalog. The division of education and applied psychology leads in the number of students working for advanced degrees, with 87. The chemistry department folows with 71, with mechanical engineering third at 31. In the undergraduate schools, mechanical engineering has had the largest enrollment for some years. Among other Indiana colleges and universities, Indiana University is represented by 24 students, Indiana State Teachers’ College with 18, Manchestei’’ College 14, and DePauw, 12. In the seven Big Ten schools, the University of Illinois leads with 20, followed by the University of Wisconsin, 17; Ohio State University, 14. Iowa State College has 15, thu University of Utah, 14, and^Oregqn State 10. Foreign colleges and universities represented at Purdue this year, with a total of 26 students, are University of Alberta and the University of British Columbia, Canada; University of Cairo, Egypt; University of Crao-Tung and University of Chekiang, China; Hohere Technikum Lehranstalt, Venice, Italy; National University of Peiping, China; Polytechnikum University, Vienna; Robert College, Constantinople; University of Rome, Rome; Royal University of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden; University of Saskatchewan, Canada.
Rookie Civils Boast Only One Co-ed By R. A. Canham (Exponent Correspondent) Dear REI: Civil Camp is well under way with two weeks gone already. They give us plenty to do, but it is all interesting work. After climbing hills all day we are ready to eat, and the food is very good. Ross Camp, so named because David Ross donated the land and helped in its establishment, is situated approximately twelve miles southwest of Lafayette on the Wabash River. Three Buildings And Pool The camp consists of the Main Building, which combines mess hall, recreational facilities of ping pong ahd pool, instrument room, drafting tables, and kitchen; Barracks, Bath House, and a large swimmining pool, and several hundred acres of land. There are about 70 fellows and one girl hei’e. They are divided into eleven parties of six or seven in each for the^urveying work. Professor Lommel is in charge of the entire camp. Professor Todd is Chief Executive and head of the topographical part. Professor Springer is in charge of the dining room, kitchen, and location part. Neligh and Kemmer are instructors, and Preele is in charge of camp improvement. First Year For Lights We have electricity for the first time this year, and we are proud of it. The camp is divided into six softball teams that comprise a league with regularly scheduled games. A hardball team is being organized at the present time. So you see, our spare time is well taken up with the various recreations. The annual summer school picnic was held hei’e Satui’day evening. Quite a number of people attended, and I think everyone had an enjoyable evening. Its time to eat; so I’ll close. Best regards. Bob
A drive has been started to raise $100,000 in'Tl. S. colleges to send the Amei’ican team to the 1940 Olympics.
f FORE!
What could be b,etter than a relaxing round of golf after a morning of classes — especially when the course is in tip top shape? What course are we talking about? Edwood Glen, located 71/2 miles north of Lafayette. Take State Road 43, and turn left on first road after crossing Burnett’s Creek.
EDWOOD GLEN
•THE WORLD'S GREATEST SUMMER TIE" Made in U.S.A.
® If you're critical about style ... it you're exacting in pattern and color ... then these new GENUINE PALM BEACH CRAVATS will suit you to a You're going to get a lot of originality in colors and patterns ... and a lot of service because they're easier to tie, harder to muss and washable! FOUR-IN-HANDS 5^00
LOEB&HENE COMPANY
RIDE IN STYLE IN A I YELLOW CAB 5023 3071 O' Call a Yellow When Shipping Trunks YEU-OW CAB CO.
Steer^ TifFin Explain New Speech Machine A new combination instrument, the vibrograph, appartus for the speech laboratory, is described in a pamphlet authored by Prof. M. D. Steer, director of the University speech clinic, and Dr. Joseph Tiffin, of the division of education and applied psychology, just off the press. The apparatus described is a single unit which accomplishes what, up to now, several machines have done. It makes phonograph records at 78 r.p.m. and 33^ r.p.m. and plays them back immediately, photographs sound waves from phonograph records with synchronous movement of film and phonograph record, photographs sound waves directly from the voice, serves as a public address system, and as a phonoprojectoscope, for projecting sound waves visually for inspection or demonstration. Tiffin and Steer have a vibrograph now operating in the clinic.