Co-ed Edition
Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
THURSDAY
March 30, 1939
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 151
Charles Kullman To Sing
dll16S
Again Tonight At Convo Cooiev
er, Reimann Leaders
ill Direct YWCA
Charles Kullman, one of the leading tenors of the Metropolitan Opera, sang to an appreciative audience ?it the Universityconvocation held last night in the Memorial Gymnasium. Mr. Kullman -will make his second appearance at the gymnasium tonight at 8 o’clock. ' ' ' — i
Divided into four main groups, the songs chosen for the program by Mr. Kullman, represented a wide variety from songs of the masters to native ballads and folk songs. Especially pleasing to the audierice were the encore melodies, “Du 1st Em Blumen,” the “Flower Song*’ from Bizet’s opera Carmen, Rachmaninoff’s “In the Silent Night,” a “Vienese Waltz” by Strauss, topped off with the stirring and well- known “Road to Mandalay,” Kipling’s poem set to music.
Series Of Southern Debates Scheduled
Acacia
Six PIA Delegates To Attend Convo At Kansas University
AH passports, freshmen, sophomore, junior, senior and faculty, will be honored at tonight’s convocation.
A fifth part of the evening’s pro-/ gram was contributed by Mr. Fritz Kitzinger, accompanist to Mr. Kullman. His encore was “Moment Musicale” by Schubert. Mr. Kullman came to Purdue fiom a singing engagement with Gi ace Moore. He will return to New York to sing at a concert with the New York Philharmonic Orchestra. The program was as follows: I Where’er You Walk (from “Semele”), Handel. Gia il sole dal Gange, Scarlatti. When Dull Care, Old English. II Wohin, Schubeit. Der Musensohn, Schubert. Morgan, R. Strauss. Cacile, R. Strauss. III Piano solos: Fantasia in C Minor, J. S. Bach. Aiabesque, Schumann.* Golliwog’s Cake Walk, Debussy. Mr. Kitzinger INTERMISSION IV Invito all danza, Respighi. Nebbie, Respighi. Seienata, Tosti. La donna e mobile (from “Rigoletto”), Verdi. V When I Bring You Colored Toys, Carpenter. Charming Chloe, German. Mary and the Kitten, Bryan. Do Not Go, My Love, Hageman. Love Went A-Riding, Bridge. Fritz Kitzinger at the Piano
Six PIA delegates will attend the second annual National Convention for Independent students to be held at the University of Kansas in Lawrence, tomorrow and Saturday, The students leaving today are Rolfe Jenkins, Don Rice, Jerry Hinshaw, Don Wells, E. Jayne Myer, and Mary Glenn Yeager, Dean Martin L, Fisher will accompany the delegates. ^ Jerry Hinshaw, membership chairman of the PIA executive board, is taking along an exhibit of Purdue activities. This project includes the photographs of buildings on the campus and a description of extracurricular activities. Representatives of other universities will also present similar exhibits. Following registration in the Kansas Memorial Union tomorrow morning, delegates will participate in round table discussions on various phases of the independent campus life. Don Wells, president of the PIA, will lead the dischssion oh “How to Operate an Independent Paper.” A formal banquet and dance on Saturday night will mark the closing of the convention.
Pfppers / :
PL£DC-£5
Zwierlein, Black Also Win Positions
Gold Peppers Announce les At Co-ed Dance
Dick Shelton and his University of Illinois band will return to the campus for Gold Peppers’ annual co-ed bid dance to be held in the Union Ballroom tomorrow night from nine until midnight. Sponsored by Gold Peppers, junior co-ed athletic booster honorary, the dance ip the first open co-ed bid dance of the semester. Informality will be the keynote of the occasion, and short dresses are in order, .n—... ■■ ■ ,
For the first time in the history of the University an independent co-ed, Ann Sickman, was elected president of WSGA. “I was so surprised at the results of the election that I still can’t believe it’s true,” stated Ann when interviewed last night. The new president is a junior institution management major in the home economics school, and is from Muscatine, Iowa. Ruth Hall, elected vice-president, is a science school junior from West Lafayette, and is a member of Kappa Alpha Theta. During the past year Ruth has served as WSGA’s treasurer. Paula Zwierlein, Cleveland Q., home economics sophomore, will serve as secretary. She is a member of Chi Omega sorority. Jane Black, newly elected treasurer, is also a home economics sophomore. Jane lives in Mount Vernon and belongs to Pi Beta Phi. Record Vote
Shelton and his band are popular on this campus and well known around Chicago. He has played engagements at the Aragon and Trianon ballrooms in Chicago. Introduce Pledges Pledges will be introduced at the dance. Co-eds must have a four
point average and be active in the campus activities in , order to be eligible for the honorary. They are selected by the members of Gold Peppers. Novel decorations will be a feature of the dance. The words “Gold (Continued on page 4)
Four hundred and seventy-eight votes, an increase'of 50 over last year’s turnout, were cast at the polls yesterday. However, this number represents only about one-third of votes which were possible.
Chi Omega...
. . . social sorority announces the initiation of the following girls: Virginia Diehl, Poughkeepsie, N. Y.; Marguerite Funkhouser, Indianapolis; Lela Gabler, Lafayette; Laura Betty Gregory, LaPorte; Carol Hayford, West Lafayette; Jane Julin, West Lafayette; Phyllis Julian, Valparaiso; Myra McKee, Charleston, W. Va.; Mary Alice Miller, West Lafayette; Nancy Pickard, Wilmette, 111.; Joann Potter, Conneaut, O.; Mary Ellen Searff, New Carlisle ,0.; June Spry, South Bend;' Bonnie Swope, West Lafayette; Jean Ragsdale, Valparaiso; and Betty Jane Woeffle, West Lafayette.
Cagey Co-ed Likes Changes In Dress Of Reforming Boilermaker Male Population
By The Cagey Co-ed
Joyce Burnham, a science sophomore. and Agnes McCulloch, freshman in home economics, will act as junior and sophomore representatives on the executive board next year. Joyce, a distinguished student, is also president of Alpha Lambda Delta, scholastic honorary for freshmen women. Within the next few weeks WSGA executive board members will be appointed by the president and other elected officers.
Shades of Deep Purple are falling on us! Yes, heaven can wait, for we’re about to marry an angel! Of course the affair hasn’t reached such heights as yet, but the campus is blossoming into a paradise for good grooming connoisseurs. About 10 days ago we sat down at our little typewriter and made a plea for daintier dressing on the part of the male student body. But the males very hurriedly brought up all kinds
of reasons as to why they must dress so sloppy. The campaign raged on bringing unsolicited letters loaded with editorial bombs. Miss Cagey Co-ed was asked such pert questions as “Who let you out?” and “What’s the big idea?” She was told that shapeless leg coverings are superior to shapeless legs hanging out exposed. She was given an old song and dance (Continued on page 2)
Penalty Days
Tomorrow afternoon, March 31; Saturday morning, April 1; and all day Monday, April 10, will be penalty dates according to a release from Dean Fisher’s office last night. Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during either of these 24 hour periods will be obliged to pay a fee of five dollars.
Robert Buckles and Robert Sasser, varsity debate squad members will represent Purdue in a series of debates on southern campuses. The fiist debate takes place this afternoon at Xavier University in Cincinnati. According to their schedule they will also debate at Berea College. Mercer College, Furman Univejpity, and Davidson College. J?uckles and Sasser are both mem-bei-s of Tau Kappa Alpha, debate homorary, and Alpha Chi Rho, social fraternity. They will take the 'negative side of the subject, “Re.‘solved: that the United States should cease using public funds (including credit) for the purpose of stimulating business.”
Emphasizes Democratic Ideas In Teaching
. . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers; A. S. Rogers, president; J. W. Petry, vice-president; C.F. Bowman, treasurer; J. M. Maish. social chairman; and W. J. Harris, secretary.
“I believe in illustrating the prin-' ciples of democratic life in my classes,” answers Professor Amy Bloye when quizzed about her theories on good teaching. “I feel it is up to college^, instructors to conscientiously teach students more democratic ways. Young people do not as a rule acquire these ideas unconsciously.” Misa Bloye, who is head of the foods and nutrition department, tries to make her students realize that they are helping to plan their own education. It is her belief that eyery freshman girl is registered in the University because she wants and needs special training in some single subject. In Professor Bloye’s estimation" the instructor can do much to l^elp the student secure this desired ^information, to guide the way, and yet to keep the student conscious that she must do the actual learning. Doesn’t Emphasize Grades “I try to avoid being a police-
woman or an autocrat holding grades as a whip over unwilling slaves,” says Miss Bloye with reference to the grade question. She thinks that grades receive too much emphasis on this campus, and disapproves of the common chit-chat carried on concerning marks which will be given. “Finals are valuable Wy in that they give experience in organizing the entire material covered in the course,” is Professor Bloye’s answer to the final examination question. As to the practice of giving unannounced tests. Miss Bloye thinks such teaching methods unfair. She believes the teacher should realize that outside social affairs may keep students from being up on their daily work all of the time. She does think short announced tests serve as a stimulus to keep the students up in their preps. Activities Develop Personality “College extra-curricular activi-
ties serve as a means of training for life’s future outside activities whether they be of a cultural or recreational nature. This helps keep the individual from developing into a lop-sided personality whose interests are concentrated on only one subject,” is the opinion expressed by Miss Bloye on student participation in activities. “Extremes in activity work, however, are as dangerous as no participation at all,” she added.
foods and\iutrition freshman classes are now engaged in an experiment in which lecture demonstrations are being substituted for laboratory work. Since the function of the laboratory work is to illustrate principles and not to acquire skill, it is thought that the material can be taught more successfully by il-
lustrated demonstrations than trial and error lab work.
by
“I believe that I am fortunate in having students interested in my course before they even come into the classroom,” was Miss Bloye’s modest explanation for the popularity. of her classes. “Most girls,” she continued, “are naturally interested in foods—their preparation and effect on the consumer’s health and appearance.”
Demonstration Lectures As a new teaching method, the
YWCA ToElectNew Cabinet Members
Catherine Cooley will head YWCA activities next year, and Georgia Walker will act as president of WAA as a result of yesterday’s elections. “I am happy to be elected and hope that I can do my work well during the coming year,” was the YW president’s only statement last night. Catherine, who lives in West Lafayette, is a junior in the home economics school and is unorganized. Martha Moorhead was elected YWCA vicepresident. Thelma Bugher, Pi Beta Phi, will serve as the YWCA treasurer. Ruth Bryant, a member of Alpha Chi Omega, will be the organization’s secretary. Later in the spring new cabinet members will be elected. WAA President “Sweet” Walker, new WAA president is from Barberton, O., is a junior in home economics and a member of Chi Omega sorority. “It’s wonderful,” said “Sweet” when notified of her election. “I hope I can do as good a job as Kathryn did last year.” Mary Ann Reimann, Kappa Kappa Gamma from Shelbyville, was elected vice-president of WAA. Jane Fishleigh, the new treasurer, is from Chicago and is a member of Chi Omega. Louise Thomas, independent student from Madison, will serve as the organization’s secretary. # Cabinet Members
WAA cabinet members for the coming year will be Jo Cook, Eileen Westover, Janette Morris, Marilyn McKnight, Martha Schroeder, Patsy McFarland, Barbara Roderick, Betty Smith, Marjorie Ward, Ruth Swift, Eleanor Harrison, Mary Mather, Dorothy Holden, Mary Louise! Riley, June Spry, Betty Morehouse, and Jane Stickler. Each girl will lead the activities for an individual sport. Betty Spears, Pi Beta Phi, was also elected Triton Club president yesterday. Betty, a junior in home economics, is from Clinton. I Janet Major is vice-president, while Gaby Roe was elected secre-tary-treasurer.
PIA Will Sponsor
Tea Dance Today
This afternoon at 4 o’clock a PIA tea dance will be held in the Union ballroom. Although the stag line will be unlimited at the dance, cutting will be allowed between dances only. Recordings will be announced two dances before each number will be played.
Professor Bloye studied during her undergraduate yeais at the University of Chicago and took a graduate course at Columbia University. She is very modest about her status as a “better teacher” and feels it is soihewhat conceited to speak of herself in such a manner. Nutritional research work is one of her pet subjects, and a lecture using especially-fed white rats as illustrative material is one of the highlights of her freshman lecture ^series.
Members of the Purdue Independent Association will be admitted to the ballroom upon presentation of their membership cards, but nonmembers will be charged an admission fee of 10 cents. All co-eds axo especially invited to come and will be admitted free.
Kappa Kappa Gamma...
. . . social sorority, announces the initiation of Elizabeth Ann Hancock of French Lick.
m
/1
4
fm
1fdibfdciL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J^udufuti,
Thursday^ March 30, 1939
The Purdue Exponent Co-ed editor: Sally McKee Junioi editors: Joy Johnson, Betty Wickard, Georgann Schilling. Sophomores: G. Carroll, R. Schhtter, J. Pickering, B. Simpson, J. Briscoe, F. Totten, M. Johnson, A. Densford. "Weshmen: M. Couter, D. Seiss, N. Dennis, M. Bird, M. Jacobs, M. Freeland. Sports Editor: Joy Johnson.
Night Editor—Schilling
Issue Editor—^Wickard
Orchids To.,. . . . Ann and Catherine and Georgia and the other 11 co-eds who yesterday received popular majorities at the elections of officers in the three major co-ed activities. Our sincere regrets to their opponents who so well matched them in ability and in past service—theirs is the job of continuing the good work they have given until now. Those who were successful now have new duties to fill. The vote in WSGA was not so large as was hoped—only 476 ballots used—but perhaps the weather and the long walk to the Union are partial excuses. With a little more than a third of the group qualified to vote, voting, this vote does not compare very well with our national elections which bring out even in times of little interest more than half the qualified vote. The YWCA vote was better with 138 of 215 voters casting their ballot, while 90 of the 115 WAA voters filled out their ballots. On the campus it was said there was very little politics, which fact was evident as the votes were counted in the WSGA office. Rarely did a ballot tally with others preceding it or another being read at the moment elsewhere in the room. The result as announced shows among the officers of WSGA an independent, a Theta, a Chi Omega, a Pi Phi, an Alpha Chi, and an Alpha Xi. To these newly elected officers we wish a very successful year’s work. Theirs is to carry on where our fellow classmates and students leave off. From those who were defeated we may hope to see continued participation in the activities of the University—the officers can do nothing without a following. It is for you, unlucky yesterday, to lead the followers. And so to Jane Black, Ruth Bryant, Thelma Bugher, Joyce Burnham, Catherine Cooley, Jane Fishleigh, Ruth Hall, Agnes McCulloch, Martha Moorhead, Mary Ann Reimann, Ann Sickman, Louise Thomas, Georgia Walker, and Paula Zwierlein we offer our congratulations.—S. McK.
AAOW Sponsoring Benefit Bridge Tonight Tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union, the junior group of AAUW will sponsor a benefiit bridge. Miss Margaret Knott, who is in charge of prizes, has announced that both door and table prizes will be given. Tickets may be obtained from Mrs. Sam Keller. Anyone intei ested is invited to attend, and a particular invitation is extended to senior members of the American Association of University Women, Mrs. Keller said last night. This junior division, Headed by Miss Lillian Peterson, is composed of the recent graduates of accredited colleges throughout the country.
Collegiatefrom Coast-To-Coast By J. E. Briscoe A certain Dr. R. H. Wheeler, head of the psychology department of the University of Kansas, states that there will be no war this year if history is dependable. He has kept a book, some seven feet long, recording events of history, rainfall and climate for the last two thousand years. Wheeler believes that events occur in cycles and that history repeats itself. He observed that when a cold dry climate shifts to’a hot wet climate, nationalistic feeling is high and there is danger of wars. That type of climate hasn’t been picked out for us this year, so if everything runs true to form, there will be no war in 1939. Ohio University’s co-eds believe that great happiness and self-real-ization can be found in various careers. Out of 376 women who answered the questionnaire, only 2.9 per cent admitted that their avowed goal in life was marriage. In other words, the Ohio University co-eds aren’t going to school to “get their man.” On the other hand, the eds said that a man's aim in life doesn’t lie in a profession or becoming an engineer. —CFinals lose importance! Dr. Robert G. Sproul, president of the Umversity of California, acclaims the system used by the Berkeley College of Agriculture, More stress is put upon work done during the semester. Instead of the usual week or two of heavy cramming at the end of the semester, the examinations will be given in the last two meetings of the class or the last laboratory period. —C— The drinking pioblem is being viewed very liberally by the students of the Univeisity of Okla homa. Statistics show that eight out of every 10 are opposed to the return of prohibition, and only 34 8 per cent think that students drink too much. Almost six out of every 10 are willing to admit that they drink.
^pinacL
By Fairie Totten Brakes screech and as the tiain slides to a stop, a young girl descends the steps of the train. She is one of the many Purdue co-eds returning home for spring vacation. For her home-coming she is wearing a brown and white checked wool dress with pleated skirt and an embroidered linen collar as the indispensable touch of white. Her costume IS completed by a tailored wool jacket, one of Suzy’s white sailors and a pair of calf oi braided shoes that are so popular this season. She has chosen this dress thoughtfully as it will also be ideal to wear on long trips into the countiy. In her traveling bag is stowed away a dress of amethyst and white .silk, which she will wear to teas, on Sundays, and on trips to town. With this she plans to wear a pique bonnet and coat of amethyst Julliard wool porting. Upon examining the contents of her traveling bag fuither, we find a two-piece formal, one of the black top and white skirt delegation which will be excellent for dining and dancing. Black crepe, softly pleated, makes the bolero bodice and aenal white chiffon is used to foim a gathered skirt.
Cagey Coed - (Continued from page 1)
about ugly co-eds, messy co-eds, nasty co-eds She was publicly answered by two vicious lads called Sloppy Joe and Ed Engineer. Who Washed Their Cords? Then to the rescue came the local merchants who originated the idea of a best dressed man contest. In the twinkle of an eye unsightly whiskers disappeared, lengthy locks were clipped, and suit coats came into sight. Shirts complete with collars and ties were donned, and senior cords restored to their original color by a process known as washing. The boys made frequent trips to the Union gloating over the prizes to be awarded that fortunate best dressed man. One enthusiastic lad has gone so far as to parade hither and yon in a tux for the past three days. Yes, competition is keen, but he’s on the wrong track! Happy hunting grounds for the judges IS the Sweet Shop. We found them browsing around griping on the rainy weather which had decreased the daily attendance of the joes in the Union. One youthful judge emphasized the item of shorts as an essential part of grooming, and promised that loud undergarments would boost the score of the so-attiied contestant. Miss Co-ed Is A Bigamist It seems that the bewhiskered, sloppy ed wearing a T-shirt, no tie, and a plaid jacket is now the exception instead of the rule. During the past week it would be hard to tell Puidue eds from collegiate youths on other campuses. Maybe the cleaning and clothing bills have increased a bit, but look at the results! Yes, heaven can wait, for Miss Cagey Co-ed and her thousand campus sisters are looking for a reasonable facsimile of the nolong er hypothetical well diessed young man. Five Theaters Are Presenting Mikado “The Mikado” seems to be in the air these days. At the present time there are five other presentations besides the one which will be given on the University campus on April 21 and 22. This week “Mikado in Swing,” a version playing 70 minutes, is being presented at the Chicago theater. The “Swing Mikado,” featuring an all-colored cast, is being presented at the New Yorker theatre in New York City. Another New York theater, Brodhurst is featuring the “Hot Mikado” with Bill Robinson and a colored cast. D’Oyle Carte Opera company is touring the country presenting the original “Mikado,” while a movie version has just been released from Hollywood starring Kenny Baker. Tickets are now on sale at 75 cents each for the campus production to be held April 21 and 22. These tickets are not reserved seats, but on April 14 and 17 they may be exchanged at the Playshop office for reserved seats.
MAid
NOW SHOWING
Here's THE Picture To See!
MARIA OUSKNSKAVA IK nWMAN • ASTRID AUWYN RAdTo MAURKE MOSCOVICH '’iclur. ■tmIrmI u< Mncted by LEO McCAREY
FCOWER? ^augli2inS —SEEDS— JOHN sm, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
LUHA TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
2 FIRST RUN PICTURES
Cassidx answers witfi Irdzing six-guns!
— with Bruce Cabot Rita Hayworth
20c UNTIL 6:00 After 6:00: 10c-20c>25c
GRIN AND BEAR IT
B; Lichiy
With the first co-ed bid dance of the semester coming off tomorrow, the night before vacation^, we forecast a hot time in ye olde towne.
NAN WARD, KKG, is going about the campus starry-eyed this week, because BOB SCHEULER, ex ’38. is^returning for Gold Peppers. BOB is making a trip from Harvard es> pecially for the dance.
Three Theta freshmen were on the loose Saturday night. Maybe it IS a good thing that initiations come only once in a lifetime.
Two campus personalities got together Sunday night—^big CEC ISBELL. the answer to a maiden’s prayer, and little MARY JANE WEST, the human victrola. Just wind her up and watch her go. ^We hear that ANNE SLOCUM’S organic chem quiz was “no soap” with the instructors. Anyway the class enjoyed ANNE’S wit.
JEAN JONES has been on a tear again. Last week-end, while staying at the DePauw Kappa house, she returned from her date at quarter till 2 when there were 1 O’CLOCK HOURS for Prom. Why JONES! Incidentally, CLAUDE SMITH, local Phi Psi, was her fellow culprit. Ohhh ANTONINI!! Interesting results are predicted for the PETTICREW—RUPPERT affair. It’s a little early to post any score, but we think the case deserves watching. Names make news. So we’d like to see A few less rhymes In B. and B.
We hear that the Alpha Chis are all enthused about their little white
T don’t like Junior going with that Wilton girl—^her folks live on the wrong side of the parking lot!”
mouse. The little mousie was taken over to the house for the sole purpose of scaring the gals, but instead she immediately won a home with the Alpha Chis. They have named it BETA. Why? Rather obvious we would say. (Men or mice). Pi Tau Sigma... . . . mechanical engineering honorary, pledged the following men at a formal pledging at 7:30 last night at the Triangle house: C. G. Moller, J. G. Eilering, W. A. Hart, H. G. Kolb, F. W. Wanzenberg, C. J. Ancker, C. R. Brown, A. S. Boksenbam, H. E. Schooley, C. F. Sopcak, C. A. ij^asmussen, V. N. Forsgren, R. H.
EUROPE $387 Spring-Summer-Fall. All expense tups specially arranged and priced for College Students. Membership applitation blanks and booklets sent on request. HANSON FOR TRAVEL Chapman Bldg. Portland, Maine IMPORTANT NOTICE! A Campus representative interested in travel and learning the travel business is needed at once-. Apply: Kermit Hanson, above address.
Moninger, 0. P. Duckworth, T. P. Heckman, L. L. Lyles, C. A. Rossman, G. Palikucha, A. V. Pustello, and W. M. Gibbs.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
ALSO 'FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS/
Serial
Against the rousing background of the most authentic racing picture ever made, a great actor plays his finest role . . .
ADOLPHE MENJOU
DOLORES^OSTELLO • ROGER DANIEL WALTER ABEL • ALAN DINEHART HAROLD HUBER • WILLIAM DEMAREST TODAY - FRI. - SAT
TODAY - - FRIDAYu
Thursday/ March 30. 1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Bacharach, Lyles Will Compete In UU Bents
Purdue Football Clinic Opens tomorrow For 450 Mid-Western Coaches, Officials
A comprehensive two-day program, planned by Coach Mai Elward and comprising the annual football clinic, will start tomorrow for between 400 and 500 high school and college coache|^ representing seven Mid-Western States. Leo “Dutch” Meyer of Texas Christian and Charles Bachman of Michigan State, as well as outstanding high school coaches and members of the Purdue coaching staff, will lead discussions oh all phases of football. ^
High school coaches will open the clinic tomorrow, following the showing of motion pictures, with discussions of center, individual defensive, and offensive line play, and defense formation. The speakers will be Ralph J. Mailiiard of St. Ignatius, Chicago, 111.; Russ Arndt of Mishawaka; Pierre Hill of Harding High School, Warren, 0.; and J. E.
Wiggins, Valparaiso. Injury Treatment
Main feature of the afternoon session will be a combination discussion and demonstration of preventing and treating injuries, presented by Dr. Gordon A. Thomas, Boilermaker team physician, and Lon Mann, Purdue trainer. iThe Boilermaker squad, which tied for runnerup in the Big Ten last year, will be used for fieldwork demonstrations in closing tomorrow’s session. President E. C. Elliott, and the two visiting college coaches, Meyer and Bachman, will speak at the annual coaches’ banquet tomorrow night with W. L. Surface of Seymour, president of the Indiana
Coaches’ 'Association, as toastmaster. After the banquet, Don Ping, of Memorial High School, Evansville, will lead the coaches in a round-table discussion while H. H. Hungate, of Indianapolis and president of the Indiana Officials’ Association, will lead a similar round-table
for the officials. Six-Man Football
Ivan A. Hollen of Danville will lead off Saturday morning, talking on developments of six-man football m the state, followed by Meyer on forward passing, and Bachman on
offensive tactics.
Two picked Boilermaker elevens will close the clinic with an intrasquad game at 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon, to demonstrate the rules that will be in force on the gridiron
this year.
Intramural Schedule
BASKETBALL
Today
-Chauncey vs Kagawa-Aronson.
Special Student Train for Spring Vacation to Cleveland - Buffalo - New York - Newark - Chicago by New York Central System Leave Lafayette for East —12:30, April 1 Leave Lafayette for Chicago i—12:45, April 1 Purchase party membership card in Room A, Union Building. Office Hours, 3:30-5:30 p. m. and Sat. morning.
Decker's
>
...THE GRANDEST
EASTER GIFT OF ALL by LUCIEN LELONG
It’S a gay be-ribboned Easter hat . . . but lift the crown, and snuggled inside are three flattering perfumes by Lucien Belong . . . "Lilac,” "Sweet Pea,” and "Honeysuckle.” It’s created by Lucien Belong, and is called "Be Petit Chapeau.” Come in for yours soon! $250
518-20 Main St.
Decker s
Phone 6477
(^hoixjL
By Mary Burtsfield Springtime—and elections roll around once again . . . today we hail the new president of Women’s Athletic Association, Georgia Walker, elected yesterday to succeed Katherine Merritt . . . Georgia comes from Barberton, 0., and during her high school career was interested in sports ... in her three years in WAA Georgia has been active in various sports: class basketball, baseball, field hockey, swimming, tennis and bowling . . . here’s to the most successful year in WAA with Georgia at the helm. —^fc— A unique doubles tennis tournament will be introduced this year— one among faculty and students . . . any co-ed may invite any faculty member to be her guest partner . . . this is a different kind of tourney from the usual all-student doubles tournament of the past years ... a tournament like this should help to foster a friendlier feeling between students and faculty. —^fc— An important event on the WAA sports calendar, is the annual winter banquet on April 12, at which time the incoming officers will be installed, awards given out, and the head of individual sports for the next year announced . . . this year a special feature at the banquet will be motion pictures, taken at Purdue during the past year and showing games of various sports . . . the picture will include a special hockey game played for Dad’s Day spectators.
Fehrinff Lists Bskll Piayers For Trip South Competition for the Boilermaker baseball players who wish to make the southern trip during spring vacation came to a head yesterday as Coach “Dutch” Fehring announced the roster for the trek. The following men will make the trip: Pitchers, Arnold Bredewater, Bob Bailey, Joe Doan, John Emmert Farrell Ruppert, Dick Wargo, Homer Warner; catchers, Arthur Bredewater, Bud Fisher, Eli Yeager; infielders-, Ray Burrough, Prank Danowski, Wayne Hearne, James Thompson, Felix Mackiewicz, Frank Smithson, James Lyboult; outfielders, Ross Dean, Tom Dickinson, Jim Kurtz, Basil Lorenz^ ^John Vernon, and Bud Stamm. The schedule for the southern trip includes three games with Louisiana Tech, April 3-4-5; one with Mississippi College, April 6; and two with Alabama, April 7 and 8. Gridders Drill For Intra-Squad Game Because of general rainfall and muddy fields the Boilermaker gridders held an intensive drill on fundamentals yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse in preparation for the intra-squad game to be played at 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon in the Ross-Ade Stadium for the annual University Football Clinic. Blocking andtackling with scrimmaging offensive and defensive plays were drilled upon.
Hot Cross Buns
A sure sign of the Easter season — delicious, crispy, hot cross buns — a treat in themselves. Order a dozen today for dinner. Graves quality Bakery
124 State, W. L.
Phone 3852
For your "pretty-os-o-picture*' clothes —Frances Denney has created BOIS de ROSE —a dusty pink that harmonizes wonderfully with all smart "pottery" fabric shades. CREME ROUGE. . . $1.00, $2.00 COMPACT ROUGE..... $1.00 PACE POWDER. . . $1.50, $S.OO LIPSTICK . . . . $1.00
LOEB & H e NC COA^PANy
Benna, Hardesty Not To Enter Local Tournament Two Boilermaker boxers—Steve Bacharach and Lawrence Lyles—^will don fighting togs tonight in the preliminaries of the “Indiana Tournament of Champions” at the Lafayette Armory with finals scheduled to be concluded tomorrow night. ' 160-pound Bacharach will defend
his title which was garnered last year at Gary stnd will attempt along with Lyles, in the 175-pound division, to gain posts on the squad representing Indiana in the national tourney at the San Franciscan Ex-
position May 12 to 14. Benna, Hardesty Out
WAA News
Penny concessions, a Midway, and dancing will carry out th4 World’s Fair theme at a Penny Carnival in the Memorial Gym on Friday, April
14.
Booths will be set up by co-eds from the seven sororities, PI A, Orchesis, Triton, Sportswomen, and WAA. There will be dancing in one end of the gym in addition to the entertainment furnished by the Midway booths. After vacation the annual WAA banquet will take place at the Home Economics Building Wednesday, April 12. Sports films taken on the campus are to be shown as a part of the evening’s program. Officers and council members will be installed and awards will be made following the dinner.
Barbara Dobson has been chosen to attend the national WAA conference at Berkeley, Cal., on April 12, 13, and 14. Winners of two WAA activity tournaments have been announced. Patsy McFarland took top honors in the roundrobin fencing matches, with Jane Covalt as runner-up. Paul Carrara judged the matches. Doris Peterson hit the bullseye enough times to win the riflery tournament. Runner-up was Ruth. Swift.
April 12 is not only the date for the WAA banquet but is also the call-out date for girls wishing to represent Purdue at the speedball play day at DePauw. Class B Basketball Title Goes To Phi Delta Theta Phi Delta Theta fraternity won the Class B basketball championship Monday by winning over Kappa Sigma, 27-23.
Two Riveter fighters, Joe Benna and Red Hardesty, will not compete in the bouts, sponsored by the Amateur Athletic Union. Lester Douglas, Lafayette Golden Gloves champion, has failed to send his entry blank m to the fight’s officials. All Golden Glovest, centers in the state will be represented by full teams, Vincennes being the lone exception. Gary, Indianapolis, Fort Wayne, South Bend, Michigan City, Terre Haute, Muncie, Kokomo, Evansville, and Lafayette are the 10 entries having full rosters competing in the eight 1939 AAU championships. Reserved seat tickets for. the bouts may be purchased at Zipp’s cigar stand in the Lafayette Life Building, Rapp and Klein’s and at Pfrommer Bros. Ringside and balcony seats are priced at one dollar each, and reserved bleachers at 75 cents. Approximately 1,500 seats will be sold for 50 cents at the Armory. English Class To View World Premiere Of Play Thirty members of Professor P. E. Lull’s class in interpretive reading will see the world premiere of Sam Behrman’s new play “No Time For Comedy,” tonight at English Theater in Indianapolis. Katherine Cornell plays the lead in the play which is being produced by the Playwrights Company.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Booksteret
• lewelera
"DEAC" Everythine for m College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119V^ Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairino SKATI SHARMNINe Phone 2291 State-Mein, W. L.
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Kays for trunks, door techs, desk loclu, night latches and wadtecka. Auto keys a specialty. MciKias, ae•leisoriaa and repairlne. MULHAUPTS 209-n N. 5th St. Hianamt
!^c f%RINTING ■i^PofflG* SUiion«ry . . O I Wadding InvIUllont RHONI ■ fclMBool».Eh.... 2SM CASSEL'S 405 FERRY
• Beauty Studio
special on all Permanents Until Easter. Shampoos 35«» Finger Wave 35c Powder Puff Beauty Salon Ph 4469 115 Vine St., W.LA’l' ^N’t' ^ \ .
3[ixaL (Miu
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
n^nf-icoA
Thursday, Mardi 30, 1939
L)
it!
Modern Dancers Tryouts To start D. C. Harvey Receives m^bAA
To Attend Meeting Of PE Association
For 'Bury The Dead' 5 ,, m J.-. J: 4.1%rv ■
Members of the University’s Modern Dance Group will perform for the midwest meeting of the American Physical Education Association today in Indianapolis.
Miss Helen Knight of the physical education department will lecture at this morning’s session on the approach to methods of composing a dance. A demonstration illustrating the lecture will be given by the dance group. At this evening’s meeting, the University group will present several numbers as part of a recital to be given by dance groups from 11 midwest colleges.
Tryouts for the play “Bury the Dead” will be held this evening, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 7:30 o’clock. A group of students who have had previous dramatic experience, and the Purdue Religious Council are backing the play. The parts that will be assigned include six female and six male chax’acters. Any student who has dramatic ability and wishes to be in the play is invited to come to the
tryout meeting.
Meeting Of ASME
Entries In Bridge Tournament Due
Girls who compose the group are Dorothy Newman, Mary Frances Oliver, Ann Sickman, Mary Lee Hickman, Janice Meldahl, Margaret McBride, Barbara Gibbs, Lucy Demoret, Marybelle Halstead, Joann Potter, Lucille Osborn, Thelma Emig, Lenore Hofer, Lois Simpson, Roberta Alderman, and Barbara Lommen.
Chem, Metallurgical Engineers To Witness
Cornerstone Laying
Entries for the annual all-oampus contract bridge tournament must be turned in by midnight tonight at the west Union desk. As announced by Jim Williamson and Marge Stocker, Union vice-presidents in charge any organization may enter as many teams as it desires or any four students may compose a team as entries in the tournament. Following each of the four weekly sessions an award will be presented. Members of the final championship team will receive medals. Mr. Julius L. Borne is in charge of this tournament which will be held immediately after spring vacation in the Union ballroom. The contest IS open to all bridge players on the campus.
Thirty-eight faculty advisors and student engineers attended the dinner meeting of the ASME in the reception room of the Union last night. After the dinner, judges elected winners of the “fifteen minute speech” contest, and points were brought up for distussion by faculty advisors and student engineers. First place and a ten dollar award was voted to D. C. Harvey for his speech “Cone Worm Gears.” Second place and a prize of five dollars was awarded to J. K. Bryan, who spoke on “City Smoke.” A five-minute talk given by Karl Clutter on “The Kind of Boss I Would Like to Have” was given a ten dollar prize which will pay a one year fee in the junior ASME. Judges of the speech contest were: Prof. S. J. Sietsma, Prof. H. L. Solberg, and Prof. S. L. Updike.
Phi Kappa Sigma...
“Chemical and metallurgical engineering students will be released from classes at 1:30 p. m. tomorI’ow, for the laying of the cornerstone of the new Chemical Engineering Building,” said J. H. Jacobi last night. According to Jacobi this statement was an official release from Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the chemical engineering school.
Frosh Camera Fans
. . . fraternity announces the election of the following officers: president, Bailey Bobbitt; vice-president. Jack Bowling; house manager, Sheldon Piper; secretary, Charles Geise; corresponding secretary, Stephen Hies; social chairman, Arthur Evers; pledge master, Robert Miller; sergeant-at-arms, Chaides Standard and William Allen.
Will Attend Meeting Peppers -
E. K. Lown, AIME president, and J. H. Jacobi, AIChE president, will lay the cornerstone. They will deposit an 8x12x4 inch copper box in the cornerstone. Pictures of the chemical and metallurgical engineering staffs and present members of the two engineering organizations, copies of the Exponents containing stories about the building, and similar material will be sealed in the box.
Further plans for the cornerstone laying will be completed and announced in Friday’s Exponent.
Membei’s of the Camera Club and the Debris photography staff will hold a meeting for freshmen camera fans today at 4 o’clock in the reception room of the Union. Both eds and co-eds who are interested in photography are invitedjfco attend the meeting, which will be directed by Bob Dyer and Don Wray, junior photographers of the Debris. The subject under discussion will be the type of photography which freshmen do for the annual. A school, in the form of weekly meetings, will start after spring vacation. Speakers, other than members of the Debris staff and the Camera Club, are to be one of the main features of the training program.
(Continued from page 1)
Peppers” will be lettered on a green backdrop. At the base of the backdiop will be an inverted top hat about 9 feet by 12 feet. The pledges will appear one by one from within the top hat. The band fronts will feature the symbol of the honorary peppers painted in gold. Proceeds from the dance will be used to pay the expenses of the honorary. The remainder will go toward a one hundred dollar scholarship fund given annually to a senior woman who is outstanding in activities and scholarship and interested in graduate work. Dorothy Martinet received last year’s scholarship and is now studying at Northwestern University.
LOEB&HENE COMPANY
BEAUTY SALON
The Season Is Here For PERMANENT WAVES
Loeb’s Skilled Operators Assure You An Alluring Permanent at Reduced Prices
For a Limited Time We Offer:
Loeb’s Duart Oil Permanent Wave, regular $5.00
13.50
Loeb’s Golden Oil Per- ^
manent Wave, regular
$6.50
Frederic’s and Undine One Minute Permanent Wave heat! No discomfort! Instantly! Naturally! Comfortably. Regu-
lar $10.00 for lar $10.00 or
17.50
Machineless Oil Wave, the Vitamin F Permanent
Packed in individual metal containers at this senational value. Special types of supply for all types of hair. This wave is a $10.00 value for
17.50
Moderate Prices Always Prevail at Loeb’s Beauty Salon Phone 7901 JEWEL MAXWELL, Hostess Second Floor WE USE PURITAN WATER SOFTENER WHICH ASSURES PERFECT WATER SOFTNESS!
THE VOICE OP PURDUE”
-Today-
11 :00—PTA Program, Robert McWilliams. 11:15—Morning Melodies. 11:30—County Federation of Clubs. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Time Service; Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15—Music Box. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Newspapers, Prof. Hugh . McKee. 1:15—Eugene Finegan, violinist. 1:30—Prof. Frank Hall, Footnotes on the Headlines. 1:46—Market Reports. 2:00—The Apothecary. 2:15—State Safety, 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest, 3:00—Melody Moments. 3:16—Milton Gregory, pianist. 3:30—Parade of Business. 3:46—Kraft Saxophone Quartette. 4:00—America’s Hours of Destiny. 4:30—Morey Doyle, pianist. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
< The purpose of this book is to facilitate study of the legal basis of American Foundations. Means of selection of boards of directors or trustees to govern expenditure of funds dnd the actual work of each foundation are given, and the methods of handling the funds are described.
WAA Tumblingr: Important practice on Thursday, March 30, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —COOK.
Activities Bureau Workers: Imi>ortant work to be finished before vacation. Everyone please report Thursday, Maitfii 80, and Friday, March 31. —LUTZ.
Triton: Meeting Thursday, March 80, at 7:80 p. m. in Women's Gym. Those who have not completed tests may do so at that time. Initiation at 8 p. m. —jrORGESON.
Classified Ads
Sigma Delta Chi: There will not be meeting until after spring vacation. (3-80) —BAILEY.
Egg and Chick Show Members: All members meet in poultry building at 4 p. In. Thursday, March 30. —HBUBY.
MISCELLANEOUS
Mortar Board: Meeting Friday, March 31, at 4:80 p. m. in the WSGA office. Important. —WOOD.
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
WANTED—4 passengers, Pittsburgh and Harrisburg and return. Spring vacation. Phone 7242.
Independent Students: Petitions for the following elective offices are due Thursday, April 13, at 6 p. m.: vice-president, secretary,_ and treasurer. Students who wish to petition must find out qualifications from PIA board members before that time and have 26 members sign the petitions, —WELLS.
CO-ED WANTED—During spring vacation to do general housework and cooking. Call 2681.
Catalyst Club: All members please be present at-Delta Upsilon house Thursday, March 30, at 7 :30 p. m. Please be prompt. N —CRAIG.
LOST AND FOUND
Union Freshmen and Sophomores: Meet in ballroom of Union at 4 p. m. Thursday, March 30. —HRUBY, ASHTON.
LOST—Men’s Bulova wrist watch. T. R. F inside. Phone 2648. Reward. Thomas Fisher
Tor
Freshmen: AU those interested in going out for the Debris photography staff meet in reception room, off the ballroom lobby, Thursday, Maich 30. Co-eds and eds wel-
come.
-WRAY.
\
1939 PLYMOUTH coupe for sale. Make offer 222 Harrison.
Elliott Publishes
Philanthropy Book
Gold Peppers: Please turn tickets and money in to Mary Townsend at the State Street home management house by noon Thursday, March 30 —TOWNSEND. .
Purdue Flying Club: Open meeting at 7 p. m. Thursday, March 30, in room F of the Union. A report of the National Intercollegiate Flying Club Conference, which took place in Washington, D. C., March 20 and 21, will be given. —CHEVEDDEN.
President Edward C. Elliott and M. M. Chambers, representing the American Youth Commission and the American Council on Education, have just published a book containing the charters, by-laws, and other regulations of 29 of America’s leading philanthropic organizations, The publication bears the title “The Charters of Philanthropies” and the study was made under auspices of the Carnegie Foundation for Advancement of Teaching.
Alpha Phi Omega: No meeting this week because of convocation and housing tabulation (3-31) —STRADLING.
NYA Workers: Checks for the period ending March 15 are now available at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. (3-30) —HOLLBNSBE.
Tau Beta Pi: Pledging Friday, March 31, at 7 p m. in Sigma Chi house. All actives and pledges expected to attend —LANGWORTHY.
Freshmen Debris Salesman: Compulsory meeting Thursday, March 30, at 4 p. m. in Debris office r —GRIDLEY.
Gimlet: All pledges a.nd actives have been asked to help in the Fieldhouse during the coaching school on off-hours tomorrow and Saturdav, March 31 and April 1. Report to Mr Mackey —SWAN.
CE ^9 Conditiona: Examination for the removal of “C” grades will be ^ven Safc- ^ room 201 of the CE Building. —WILEY.
the OLD Topcoat
feels gopd these days and what’s more it’ll look like NEW . . .
. . . after being cleaned and Formprest by Crown.
HAVE IT CLEANED NOW FOR EASTER
N Immm
FINE C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Complete Gardening Supplies
Look no further for the right kind of seeds or gardening tools. The prices for high quality equipment are low. Come in today and browse around — you'll find complete sets of equipment which will make your gardening easier.
SEARS ROEBUCK CO
Phone 4039
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
N. 3rd St.
■I
f'
Penalty Days: The twenty-four hour periods from noon March 81 to noon ApHl 1 and all day April 10 are penalty dates. Any student who is absent fronoi a regular meeting of a^ class during the twenty-four hours immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday oir recess shall pay to the Cashier an extra fee of 45.00 for ^ch twenty-four hour period or fraction thereof missed. —FISHER,