NEWS
Since Sunday STATE POLITICS Four State Primary . . . . . . elections Tuesday culminated
Purdue Exponent
THUBSDAY
August 4, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
VOL. 2 NO. 10
SUMMER SESSION ISSUE '
ESTABLISHED 1889
hot campaigns in Virginia, Missouri, Kansas, and West Virginia Virginia yesterday found two New Deal supporting congressional candidates beaten by a large margin which Republican National Chairman John Hamilton chose to call a “crushing and humiliating New Deal rout.”
Stewari To Seek Approval On ChE Building Plans
In Missouri Senator Bennet Clark, who often opposes Roosevelt politics, easily captured Democratic renomination. Republicans nominated former Governor Henry Caulfield. New Dealers came out better in Kansas where they renominated Senator George McGill. Republican nomination will apparently favor former Governor Reed.
Most of Roosevelt’s choices in West Virginia won their elections, while three Democratic candidates were unopposed.
Ballot Pollution . . . ... is the cry in Kentucky where a Senate Campaign Expenditures Committee is conducting investigation into the particularly fierce and expensive electioneering by Democratic Senate aspirants Barkley and Chandler.
Coercion of relief workers by
tions had been “sought and obtained from Federal employees in behalf of one of the Senatorial candidates.” Voting Saturday will put an end to
hostilities.
Judge Fights Candidate . . . ... is the text of the nation’s headlines regarding the controversy in Tennessee regarding the possible occupation of Memphis by National Guard troops under the orders of Governor Browning who has charge that the opposition Crump machine was trying to “steal the election.” Balloting Thursday will be made without the supervision of soldiers, although Browning insists the court injunction issued against the occupation of Memphis had nothing to do with his decision.
NATIONAL Heat Waves . . . . . . parched the midwest and the
central plains region Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesdays, but showers or cool breezes are expected today to bring relief. Thermometers soared above the 100 mark in widespread areas in this hottest spell of the summer. Six persons were dead in Pheonix, Arizona, Tuesday after heat prostration due to the 111 degree temperature. Highest reading was found in Rice, Southern California, where the official report was 1261 degrees. A total of 14 deaths was reported from these regions. Two Train Wrecks . . . . . . ma’de Monday headlines. In Rocky Ridge, Ohio, wet rails and a crowded schedule caused collision between two streamlined passenger trains running in the same direction five minutes apart on the same track. Approximately 34 persons were injured—several may yet die. Reason behind the accident was the investigation stop of the front train after it grazed an automobile at a crossing. The second train slid along slippery tracks into collision after brakes failed to hold. Meanwhile in New York City two elevated trains collided on a trestle 100 feet above the street level, injuring 12. One train travelling at full speed ai’ound a section known as “suicide curve” plowed into the back of another.
Total $2,084,133 Since PWA furnishes only 45 per cent of the total cost of a project, complete cost of University construction and development to be finished by January, 1940, reaches about $4,631,400. Work Overtime Union Manager Lloyd M. Vallely and his staff are working overtime to iron out plans for the new $1,045,545 addition to the “center of activities” building. Space and facilities of the Union will be doubled in the project. A basement section, to house a new set of bowling alleys and to provide a direct entrance to the basement floor, will extend southward from the browsing room comer of the building. On the west side, the building will reach out 77 feet farther toward the Library. Lounging space, meeting and display rooms will occupy first floor space of this addition, while student offices will take up most of the second floor. Another Ballroom A new ballroom equal in size to the present dancing floor (60x120 feet) will be built in “T” form at the north end of the old ballroom. These rooms may then be used for a single dance, or the entrance between them can be closed and two functions carried on at the same time. The residence unit of the Union Building will extend northward to provide twice as much lodging space for guests as is available now. Total length of the completed building, not including the south basement addition, will reach 324 feet. When construction is finished, the Union will include 1,516,290 cubic feet.
Trustees OK Sculptujring Of Union Entrance Blocks
Gotham Scandal. . . . . . resulted Tuesday wh^n New York City’s “Racket-Buster” Thomas E. Dewey, district attorney, linked the names of several public officials, including three former judges, with the rackets and racketeers directed by the late “Dutch” Schultz. New sensations were promised yesterday when Dewey scrutinized coui't records and hinted at additions to the list of those criminally connected with the racketeers.
Plans for sculpturing the two large limestone blocks reposing at the south entrance of the Memorial Union Building were approved by the University board of trustees at a recent special meeting. Models carved in bas-relief to depict student life will adorn the huge blocks when the project is finished. Internationally famous Swedish sculptor Carl Millas and his helper, Frances Rich, who visited the Uhiversity for several days last spring, will supervise the work. To Make Models Full-size models will be made in Millas’s studios at Cranbrook Institute, Birmingham, Mich. After final approval of the models is given, work of sculpturing the stones will begin at the studios. Complete time required for setting up the models and then carving the stones is estimated at 15 months. Some student protest against disturbing the rough blocks, said to represent sturdiness of character, was raised last May, when talk of the plans went around the campus.
Dr. Knight Leaves For Summer Island Home
Ginn Wins Cary Hall Tennis Tournament
{Continued on page 8)
Summer Session Director F. B. Knight left Monday morning for his summer home on an island near Meredith, N, H., to spend a month’^ vacation with his family, who departed from the University two weeks ago.
W. E. Ginn bested a field of 16 to win the Cary Hall tennis tournament, winning the last game Tuesday afternoon from Don Carson 4-6, 6-1, 6-4, 6-3. Tournament promoter was Horace Houghton.
400 Couples Enjoy Henderson's Sweet, Fast Prom Rhythms
Controller R. B. Stewart set out for Chicago at 4 o’clock this morning to secure approval of PWA authorities there for plans on the new Chemical Engineering Building and to set a definite date for receiving bids. The building specifications were sent to Chicago a week ago. Negotiations to open bidding for construction of the new building will probably be finished within the next three weeks. Controller Stewart said yesterday. This work will start the University’s four million dollar building program into action.
Set Starting Dates Formal PWA offers for 45 per cent of construction costs on four new University structures are now at the controller’s office and stipulate that work on them shall be started not later than: September 15, for Chemical Engineering Building and new Women’s Residence Hall Unit; October 24, Union Building addition; and November 10, new men’s residence halls, to complete the Cary Hall quadrangle. Indiana legislators last week-end passed the $300,000 appropriation asked by University officials for building a new music auditorium and thus assured the carrying out of this project. Word of a $504,000 PWA grant for this purpose was received last week, but the formal offer from Washington, setting the deadline for starting work on the hall, has not come in yet. Will Hold 7,000 Extending directly back of the Administration Building, the new music hall will be built to accomodate 7,000 persons at a cost of $1,120,000. This building will contain a balcony, a stage at the southwest end, offices for the various musical organizations—including the military band—
broadcasting facilities for the musical groups, and small auditoriums with Barkley’s campaign men is Chand^ perhaps a seating capacity of 200.
ler’s charge, while Tuesday the Main entrance to the hall will be through the front doors of the Admin-
Senatorial Committee said contribu- ^ration Building. The large hall on the first floor of this building will be <<ct/Mirp'U+ nirtA i-vT-x-fr»iirfTk Cl o/iTvf rk"? •f/M* -fTick Qnr1i‘fTVT»inTvi q/^_
turned into a sort of lobby for the music auditorium, and tickets for activities there will be sold at a new glass window in the present cashier’s
office.
Glet Six Grants The six PWA grants received by the University during the past month include: Women’s Residence Hall $166,320 Men’s Residence Halls 466,363 Chemical Engineering Building 271,584 Union Building Addition 474,545 Music Hall 504,000 Campus Development 201,321
Four hundred couples swirled to sweet and fast rhythms of “Christopher Columbus” Henderson’s 13piece orchestra in the Memorial Union ballroom last Friday night, as Purdue’s first Summer Prom climaxed social activities of the 1938 Summer Session. At 11 o’clock, popularly-elected Prom King Cecil Isbell and Queen Kathleen Zollman led the dancing pairs in the evening’s grand march. “All-Star” Isbell and Miss Zollman were introduced to the crowd by Grand March Chairman Sully Mason, who presented the queen with a dozen roses, the king with a slip authorizing two dollars’ worth of refreshments in either the sweet shop or grill. Hit Hot Notes Although Henderson and his musicians, reknowned for ability to “ride the groove” in swing music, were pulling a variety of dreamy numbers from their repertoire, the “jitterbug” element of the promenaders prevailed upon the colored king of swing to fall into several hot pieces. Punch and cookie refreshments in the Faculty Lounge and on the adjoining veranda drew good representation of the dancers to the tables and chairs there. “We’ve decided to hold a Prom some time in July during every Summer Session hereafter,” Union Manager L. M. Vallely said yesterday. “I’m completely satisfied with the results of the first affair of this soit.”
430 Distinguished; Five Get 6.50 Index
Distinguished rating, meaning a scholastic index of 5.00 or above or a grade average of A or better, was awarded to 450 University students as a result of last semester’s work, according to an announcement released yesterday by the president’s ofiBce.
NY A Money For Student Aid Next Year Is Assured
Perfect averages of 6.50 were achieved by five students—William J. Boms, of Decatur; Thomas J. Marvel, of Wolcottville; Bill Brown, of Rushville; Robert F. Munro, of West Lafayette; and Paul S. Collier, of Indianapolis—all of them residents of Indiana.
Kingsley Outlines Reorganization For Agriculturist
Extensive reorganization plans for the 1938-39 Agriculturist were announced last night by Editor L. D. Kingsley, who is attending Summer Session.
With the aid of the Purdue Ag Alumni Association, the monthly magazine of the agricultural school is carrying out a circulation drive which Kingsley expects to net 1,500 subscriptions for the coming year, in comparison to last year’s 1,200. Arrangements are now being made for the Agriculturist’s annual State Fair exhibit at Indianapolis, September 3-10. Three or four staff members will supervise this lighted display and sell subscriptions to Fair visitors.
Assurance of the continuance of NY A work for University students came this week with the announcement from Washington by Aubrey Williams, executive director of the Naional Youth Administration, of the approval of allocations totalling $21,750,000 to finance the student aid program for the current fiscal year 1938-39. While Purdue’s share of NY A funds is not yet calculated, this year’s allotment is expected to exceed the $58,185 made available last year for this work. The state of Indiana will receive $558,090, of which $246,726 will go to students in secondary schools and $311,364 to college and university students. Average $15 A Month Payments to all students in institutions receiving college and graduate aid are limited to an average of $15 per month each for the academic year, although this average may be exceeded if there are sufficient accumulated funds from previoqs months’ quotas. The maximum which may be paid in any one month to a stuffent receiving college aid, however, is $20. The houfly wage rates for NYA students are the same as those usually prevailing in the respective institutions or localities for the same type of work. Last year a total of 843 students found University employment through use of NYA funds. Of this number, 702 were undergraduate men students, 119 undergraduate co-eds, 19 were graduate men students and three were women graduates. “Projects for the coming year have not yet been turned in to the University NYA committee by the various depai'tments on the campus,” said Purdue Supervisor Shai-p yesterday, “but we suppose the work will be very similar to that of the past year.”
24 Get 6.00 Or Over This year’s second semester record of 450 exceeds the first semester figure of 430 by 20, and is 47 more than the number a year ago. Twenty-four students equalled or excelled the 6.00 mark. Class distribution this time is 123 distinguished freshmen, 121 sophomores, 107 juniors, and 99 seniors. A complete classified list of all of the distinguished students appears on page 8 of this issue.
1700 Watch Casts Present Program Of Summer Plays
Gathered in Ross-Ade Stadium last night was a crowd of approximately 1,700 persons enthusiastically watching Summer Session student actors and actresses present the second series of three one-act plays. Beginning at 8 o’clock the various casts under the direction of H. Kenn Carmichael produced “The Trysting Place,” “At the Stroke of Nine,” and “The Monkey’s Paw.” Composing the greater part of the casts were students from Carmichael’s class in play production.
Publication Dates
A change in color of the magazine’s cover from the usual goldenrod to a very light buff has already been agreed upon, Kingsley said.
Exponent will publish one more Summer Session issue—on August 11. First date for publication this fall is Saturday, September 10.
Casts Cast for the first play, “The Trysting Place,” was made up of Ira French, Felix Mackiewicz, Georgann Schilling, Bonnie Swope, Tom Wonnell, Joyce Burnham, and A1 Exton, while Nota Misner and Florrie Caldwell directed the Tarkington play. “The Monkey’s Paw,” a mystery melodrama, was produced by Joe Martin, Patricia Heine, Bill Briscoe, Dick Pittenger, and Earl Aber, and was directed by Ernestine Brown and Sam Marks. Helen Hayes and Betty Ann Florer were in charge of “At the Stroke of Nine,” and their cast included Bob Schlendorf, Tony Juska, Ted Hennis, Tony Ippolito, Paul Humphrey, and Matile Davidson.
Telephone Calls Are Part Of Radio Survey
By Helen L. Walters
‘Hello, Mr. Blank? This is
Mumble-mumble. You may have
heard about the radio survey? Well, the students in Gibbs Williams’ radio class ai’e trying to find out the listening habits of college students: Wouldya mind answering a fewj questions?” Hundreds of students have been called to the telephone in the past two weeks to answer such questions. Sometimes they think it’s all a joke, a great many of them seem to think it will take too much of their time, but they usually acquiesce gracefully enough. At least they usually sigh and say “Go ahead.” Access To Radio First they have to say whether they have a riadio in their own rooms or not. One interviewer found that a schoolteacher in the Summer Session wanted to know if that meant her classroom at Purdue, her classroom in the school
she taught, or her bedroom at home. Or does the interviewee have access to the radio regularly? Then — “how many hours a day do you usually listen to the radio ? ” The answers to that vary from an hour a week with one graduate student to 8 to 10 hours a day for a junior. One man when asked if he studied when the radio was on, answered that he never studied! Those who answer no to that question are relieved with what type of programs are listened to while studying, what programs distract them most and the like. Williams expects this survey to supersede that made by the Columbia Broadcasting System recently, which seemed to have included only rich students.
graduates so far have indicated that they listen to very much classical music. Graduate students do not seem to have pt^-ticular favorites either in programs or individuals. Each student in the radio class taught by Williams has 50 of the questionnaires to have filled out, and the results when the survey is completed are expected to show an accurate picture of the listening habits of the students' of the 1938 Summer Session.
Lamour, Crosby Rate High Dorothy Lamour was piling up votes as a favorite woman singer, although Bing Crosby rated higher either as a singer, or as a “favorite radio personality.” Very few under-
So if you find a note on your desk to call a complete stranger, it might be for the radio suiwey. And if you answer the phone to find some-^ one mumbling about radio and how it affects you, don’t be too siu’prised. The students who are making the calls are already talking in their sleep, holding up a telephone receiver with one hand, and scribbling answers on an imaginary piece of paper with the other. That’s how it gets you!EDITORIAL
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
HUMOR
Thursday, August 4, 1938
Study Guides For ... . . . Summer Session finals are now available at the loan desk on the second floor of the University Library* Carrying' out provisions of a faculty resolution passed last spring. Library assistants have filed copies of .all semester. 1937-38, examinations for student use in the building. Availability of these examinations may reduce the complaints of “I didn’t know what to study for,” and certainly should help to eliminate waste of time resulting from misdirected review for finals. To the wise student, they may provide a source of continual reference throughout' coming semesters for aid in determining important phases of course material. At present, copies of exams for only the one semester are available, but duplicates of all future University finals will be placed on file after they are -given. Of course, this action may cause lazy faculty members a little extra ^vork, since they’ll scarcely be kind enough to use the same examination twice, but that’s only another good point in favor of the' idea. And while we're on the subjject, may we remind Summer Session students that final exams start exactly a week from today . . . and that they can’t do as much cramming on a hot summer night as they can during a similar period of time in spring and winter. In view of this and of the usual tendency to “put off” until adequate time is lacking for a good review, we suggest that they .... START STUDYING NOW
We Had A Swell . . . . . . time” was the invariable comment last week-end of Summer Session students in reply to questions concerning the University’s first Summer Prom. Usual gripes preceding, accompanying, and following major dances of this kind were almost entirely lacking. Despite predictions of conservative staff members that not more than 200 tickets could be sold for the affair, approximately 370 paid admissions were taken in by the Union. In fact Prom paid off well enough to make up for losses on regular mixers this summer and on other social functions. As Summer Session em'ollment and academic functions increase in magnitude, student activities are keeping in step, and the summer term comes more and more to resemble regular semesters. Last year. Exponent began summer publication . . . this summer. Prom was established as a financial and social ^success.
PURDUE EXPONENT
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic .year and weekly during t.he Summer Session. Summer mail subscription $0.50.
Editor-In-Chief
Business Manager
H. I. Stanback
j
R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Assistant Editor. : R. P. Manion Associate Editors R. J. Deckard, Helen Walters Georgann Schilling, W. R. Smith
W. F. Berg -W. E. Smith
-D. A. Bailey R. Jenkins
BUSINESS STAFF Circulation Manager ; Accounts Manager SPORTS STAFF Sports Editor Associate Editor !
OFFICES
Editorial Office—Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Indiana. Phone 4005, ask' for Exponent editorial office. , Business Office—Room F, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Indiana. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent business office.
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL. ADVBRTISINS BY National id^ertisisigServie®, Inc. Collegt Publishers Retiresentalive 420 Madison Ave. New York, N, Y. Chicaso - Boston - Los Anoilbs - San Francisco
Prom plans were supported by student enthusiasm that would not be denied . 7 . practically every project with similar backing would have been successful.
Filial payoff on Prom came Tuesday noon, when Prof. 0. F. Hall, chairman of the Summer Session social planning .committee, had to plank down almost five dollars to buy dinners for his committee members . . . Hall had agreed to do this if more than 300 tickets were sold.
Radio Classes To Finish With Variety Program Students in Gibbs’ Williams class in radio broadcasting will conclude their laboratory work for the sum.er with an hour’s variety show over WBAA next Tuesday afternoon at 1:45. Henry Miller, who acted as master of ceremonies on last ■winter’s Variety Hour, is in charge of production for next week’s program. Both men and women singers, piano soloists, and comedians will make up the talent list, along with the Rhjhhm Swingsters, who played for the last Outdoor Songfest. Harold Martin is in charge of sound effects. Last Saturday at 1 o’clock, the regular Radio Stage broadcast time, Robert Schlendorf directed the presentation of a radio adaptation of 0. Henry’s short story, “The Hiding of Black Bill.” The program was a class project, and included in its cast Dick Pittinger, Joe Martin, Russell Knee, and Sam Mai’ks and Walter Bates. Fred Vincent was in charge of sound. This Saturday at 2:30 o’clock, the regular Stamp Club broadcast will present the story “Please Cancel Lightly,” an adaption Of a recent Saturday Evening Post short story. The play was written for radio and is to be directed by Henry Miller. Joyce Burnham,^ Delbert Greenwood, Harry Snyder, and Bill Adams made up the cast, and Harold Martin is sound-effects man. M ars Stage To Present Barn Dance Saturday Radio fans who enjoy listening to the Renfro Valley Barn Dance program over WLW will have the opportunity to see the stars of that broadcast in person at the Mars Theatre for a one day engagement Saturday. Heading the cast will be “An’t” Idy Harper, who spends a lot of her time trying to govern little Clifford, a living personification of the meanest “young-un” in the world. The screen attraction for Saturday will be the Cx-ime Club Tnystery “Danger on the Air”, stai’i'ing Donald Woods and Nan Grey.
Looking Back Purdue Of The PastT— oAugust 4, 1937 The University will receive 55 per cent of the estimated $385,000 estate of the late Mrs. Charles Benedict Stuart, Lafayette community leader and welfare woi’kei’, who died last week, according to the will now on file at the county clerk’s office. Most of the money must be used
in erecting a building to be named in honor of her deceased husband, Charles B. Stuart, former president of the University board of trustees. , * * * * In spite of a weather prediction for rain, 3,000 joyful signers faithfully followed the leading of Director of Music A. P. Stewart in “Hail, Purdue,” last Thursday as the Summer Session recreational committee brought to a close its 1937 outdoor entertainment program.
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. VILD WEST BLACKMAIL
A BETRAYED
Also—S. O. S. Coast Guard No. 8
SUNDAY - MONDAY
— and — UlLTYor MURDER - Yet the executioner dodged him
LEWIS STONE 'tKl\ BARBARA READ TOM BROWN
A NEW UNIVfftSAt PICTURE
Also Short Subjects
usm.
— TODAY - FRI. - SAT. —
Starts SUNDAY
RADIO’S ACE DRAMATIC TEAM ...TOGETHER ON THE SCREEN! The famoui stars of radio's "BIG
with I CLAIRE umim HUMPHREY BmAUT ALIEN
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbty
What a dance, what a band, what a party!!! We mean the Prom, of course. Too bad ’tis ended. Now there are only finals to look forward to. Heard as Kathleen (Prom Queen) Zollman walked past a group of admiring eds: “Mamma, buy me one, please.” Can you blame them? Maybe She Took the Pin— for love, maybe because he dances so prettily; anyhow, we enjoyed the exhibition hop put on by Matele Davidson and her Indiana Phi Gam at Prom. And she seems to like the pin. She’s wearing it outside these days. Johnny Rumsey, Phi Belt flash, seems definitely to have changed his mind during the past week. Anyhow, his former heart throb, Manette Ghman, is now seen with Bob (I-love-gliders) Buell, while Johnny devotes himself to Pi-Phi Blocker. Progress? ? ? ? There Are Always Two Kinds In a fraternity Those who eat fast Those who go hungry. In a sorority Those who neck Those who don’t have dates. In class Those who talk to the prof after class Those who get “c”—or less. At a dance Those who dance Those who intermission. In an activity Those who work Those who have pull. In a rumble seat Those who are cold Those who aren’t. But there is still some simple, sweet love in the world. Have you noticed the dreamy look on Agnes Bai'ton’s face lately? And it’s all because her Phi-Kappa, Baid; Losket, wrote her a letter from Fort Knox. She’ll never be the same.
Cool, Ozonized Air i^EW Al^ TODAY - FRI. - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
3E:I ALEXANDER GEORGE REGAS M^HRLA LINDA
Here is Red Blooded Entertainment for Thrill Fans!
COLOR! GLAMOUR! THRILLS!
MIDNIGHT SHOW SATURDAY 11:30
“Psst—put away that check for the endowment fund until AFTER you get the honorary degree I ”
Bob Verner is doubtlessly true to blondes. Notice we use the plural. For Blonde Dotty Bryant seems to have taken Blonde Mary Ed’s place in his heart. There’s nothing like knowing your own mind! Bob Brewer M^as back in town again this week-end. And was Mary Cooley happy! We can see why. And Bill Elstun has parted company with his Beta pin! It happened several weeks ago. Shows how we get around! Perhaps ’tis well summer school is nearly over. We can’t keep up with you kiddies.
WRITERS
vrULA/p X - SERVICE HELPS STUDENTS in preparing and editing theses, essays, speeches, etc. Expert —r Reasonable 18 East 48th St., New York, N. Y.
Wickersham 2-6786
Farmers Attend Annual Field Day Neai'ly 160 farmers attended the first annual field day held July 28 at the Purdue Muck Ci’op Experimental Farm, owned and operated by the Experiment Station. Situated near North Libei’ty, the farm has been operated as an experimental ti-act for two years, and studies of fertilization, varieties of crops, and various other farming topics are underway. Members of the University horticultural staff piloted the visiting farmers around the tract and explained results of the tests conducted thus far. PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
SATURDAY One Day Only ON THE STAGE
ON THE SCREEN
-TODAY - FRIDAY
NAN GREY
KAY FRANCIS .
DONALD WOODS
ANITA LOUISE
in
in
''Danger on t-he Air*^
r '‘My Biir’
TROPIC HOLIDAY
MUTHAWE OarothyLAMOUR
\ RAY MILLAND
* BiNNIE BARNES TITO GUIZAR MARS
Starts
SUNDAYmmm
House Managers Buying Guide
Purdue Exponent
Building And Redecorating
Thursday, August 4, 1938
Frsiteniitiss Reitorate ad Refurnish
Painting; Buying Rugs; Remodeling Kitchens, Dining Rooms Popular
Alpha Chi Rho Painters will rewhiten the outside of Alpha Chi Rho’s chapter house this summer as they help get the building in shape for the coming year. Other plans for redecorating and refurnishing are not complete as yet, but among things up for consideration are: new rugs, new built-in closets, and repair of the tennis courts. House manager of the Alphi Chi Rho fraternity next year will be Richard Stover of Whiting, Indiana, while house president will be Bob Sasser of Chicago, Illinois. Alpha Tau Omega Don Frush, house manager for the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity, has arranged for the painting this summer of the whole downstairs of the chapter house. A dark cream color will dominate, harmonizing with the new rugs and drapes which have been bought to complete the redecoration scheme. Lavatories on the upper will be repainted and new mirrors installed. New furniture for most of the rooms in the house was bought last year. ATO president for next year will be Eugene Flater, of Bloomfield, Indiana. Beta Sigma Psi No definite redecoration program has been established for the Beta Si^ma Psi fraternity house, but the yearly housecleaning and remodeling activities will be continued this summer. Wallpapering and painting will be done at various places in the house as the need appears, while new rugs will be placed in the halls. Some furniture will be replaced when all this work is being done this fall in the week just before orientation. President and house manager of Beta Sigma Psi next year will be 0. B. Moan, of Renner, S. D., and A. M. Reguly, of Whiting. Acacia Acacia fraternity will build two new bathrooms in its chapter house this summer. Other improvements will include new rugs for the study rooms, painting the hallways and retarring the roof. New furniture was bought and installed in the house last spring. Marion Learning, of Romney, was chosen to act as steward for next year, while John P. Taylor, of Montclair, N. J., will act as president of the chapter. Delta Chi Redecoration of most of the house comprises the Delta Chi improvement program for this summer. The upper floors are being completely repainted, while downstairs the walls will be washed and
recoated with a protective starch solution. New Venetian blinds will be installed in all the study rooms and in the dining room and guest room. New furniture and rugs as well as new drapes will grace the downstairs living rooms. House manager Harry Bichsel, of Salem, Ohio, and chapter president H. J. Simon, of Fort Wayne, were elected last spring for next year. Delta Tau Delta Sam Craig, house manager for Delta Tau Delta fraternity announced yesterday that no definite plans had been formulated for summer improvements at his house. An alumni committee will meet after Summer School is over to decide what will be done, Craig said. Delt president next year will be R. M. McGhee, of Gary. Craig’s home town is Oak Park, Illinois. Delta Upsilon General minor repairs are on the list of improvements planned by members of Delta Upsilon fraternity. Their front porch concrete railing will be fixed, as well as some of the outside woodwork, and a new fire escape will be erected. New study room furniture and new dorm equipment will be added to the present supply. Rugs for several downstairs rooms and furniture for the radio room were replaced last spring. W. S. Craft, of North Manchester, and T. D. Cabonargi, of Highland Park, Illinois, will act as steward and president respectively next year. Kappa Delta Rho Kappa Delta Rho will begin next month its improvement program which will include no major projects. New drapes and some repair plastering will be done under the direction of House Manager Robert C. Hill, of New Augusta. New kitchen equipment including a stove and water heater has been purchased. R. M. Hill, of East St. Louis, Illinois, will act as house president next fall. Lambda Chi Alpha Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity, which will have George Greey, of Amityville, N. Y., as house manager next year, plans to have the outside of their new house painted this summer. Other plans include the planting of shrubbery in the yard. Chapter prexy next year will be L. T. Askren, of Indianapolis. Phi Delta Theta Phi Delta Theta fraternity has already begun its extensive summer improvement work. A new
These Extra Four Pages . . . . . . are included with your Exponent today especially for the benefit of fraternity and sorority house managers and buyers. It is designed to present news of improvements and additions in the chapter houses and to show which of the Greater Lafayette merchants are interested in helping you and them buy wisely this fall. Exponent advertisers naturally appreciate fraternity and sorority trade, and stand willing to do their part in keeping those groups satisfied customers. A directory printed on this page classifies the services rendered by all the advertisers in these extra pages ... it will serve as a useful reference if clipped from the paper. Names and telephone numbers of the merchants as well as their types of business are included. Articles and features published in these four pages describe the improvements, purchases, and building activities which fraternities, sororities, and others in the two cities will sponsor this summer. Stories concerning the construction of two sorority houses, a new theater, and a new air cooling system are included.
front walk has been constructed, and plans have been mhde for redecorating the house. New drapes and rugs will grace some of the downstairs rooms, while the^ird flooy which has previously been in attic form will be finished into study rooms. New desks and chairs will be supplied for the freshman study rooms. Also the members are considering building a new trophy case. G. R. Guthrie, of Greensburg, and Carl Swan, of Tulsa, Okla., will be Phi Delta Theta’s steward and president next semester. Phi Gamma Delta John R. Keck, as house manager of the f*hi Gamma Delta fraternity plans buying new furniture for the entire dovrastairs of the chapter house this summer to be ready for use next fall. Other improvements will be reseeding of the front lawn, which has already been done; repainting of the shower rooms, and rewalling of the chapter room. A new runner rug for the stairway will also be purchased. J. W. Mackie, of Pittsburgh, Kansas, will act as chapter president next year. Phi Kappa Psi Redecoration of the first floor and rebuilding of the second and third floor lavatories will be accomplished this summer in the Phi Kappa Psi house, under the direction of Robert H. Horner, of Marion, house manager. A new kitchen will also be built, equipped with a new stove and sink. Rugs for the basement rooms will be bought, and new porch furniture will be installed. ,J. W. Bailey, of Anderson will be next year’s chapter president. Phi Kappa Sigma Phi Kappa Sigma has not yet made plans for summer redecora-
New^Lafayette* Theater Nears Completion
Nearing completion and expected to be ready for business when school opens in the fall is the East Side’s new moving picture theatre —the “Lafayette.” Complete modern facilities will characterize this new theatre which has risen from the site of the old “Family” picture house. Seating 1250, or slightly less than the Mars, the Lafayette will be equipped with the latest type of Western Electric sound reproducers, and will be cooled by a ventilation and refrigeration astern installed by the Liberty Engineer-
ing and Manufacturing Co., of Louisville, Kentucky. Luna Takes Family Policy Both the Mars and the Lafayette will show first run pictures next year, while the Luna will take over the policy previously followed by the Family. All seats in the new movie both downstairs and in the balcony will be upholstered and will be similar to those found downstairs in the Mars. White and black glazed brick form the outer wall of the building, while black glass and aluminum trimming will be used to decorate the exterior.
Inside decoration plans have not yet been completed. Decorators will begin work on that project next week. Red formic^ doors will be installed, however, to contrast with the black and white outside. Kettlehut Is Contractor The building is being built under contract for the Loeb Realty Company, which will lease it to the Fourth Avenue Amusement Company of Louisville, present owners of the Mars and Luna theatres. Marr-Holman, of Nashville, Tenn., was the architect firm which designed the structure, while construction is in the hands of La-
fayette contractor Karl H. Kettlehut. Frank P. Riedel is supervising engineer. Actual building began last January and has progressed until now the outside is nearly complete. The building has a structural steel framework and will be absolutely fix’eproof. The building which formerly housed the Family theater and was destroyed to make room for the new movie was an old church. The church was renovated when converted into the Family theater and was estimated to have been 80 years old.
Alpha Xi Delta House To Be Finished September I Construction of the new Alpha Xi Delta sorority home, in the 500 block on University Street, will he completed about September 1, Jan Burch, senior member of the group’s corporation board, announced last night.
tion or improvements. When the members return to school in the fall decision will be made ^on these questions. Probability of painting the upstairs walls seems great, however, E. J. Kelley, of Lowell, Mass., will be president of the house next year. Pi Kappa Phi Pi Kappa Phi this summer, taking the opportunity of a closed house, is carrying through quite an extensive rejuvenating program. The dining room is being completely redecorated and refurnished. New drapes and two tone walls will make the dining room modern as tomorrow. The kitchen is being painted and the downstairs walls cleaned, while nfew living room furniture bought this spring will be placed in the downstairs rooms. Phi Kappa Phi prexy next year will be Fred W. Winter, of Chicago, Illinois. Sigma Chi Sigma Chi fraternity is reconditioning its study rooms this summer. Previously built as four man spites, the rooms are being remodeled and converted into fwo man studies. Closet room is being increased along with the remodeling, while all the study rooms are being repainted. The downstairs rooms are also being repainted, while new drapes, bought last year will be cleaned and rehung. P. H. Crane, of Marion, and Clark Langworthy, of Pesotum, Illinois, will serve the chapter as house manager and president next year. Sigma Phi Epsilon W. E. Smith, steward of Sigma Phi Epsilon frateAity, working in cooperation with alumni of his chapter has arranged the repainting of the outside and inside of {Continued on page 5)
Facilities of the new house will accomodate 35 girls. In Old English style, the building will be made of brick and stucco, with wood finishings painted in brown. Three stories and a basement comprise the main constructional features of the residence. It will also include a modem fire tower, already approved by state authorities. At dedication ceremonies this fall, Mrs. Nina Mahin, Alpha Xi Delta national treasurer, and Pearl Jackson, local chapter president, will re-lay the cornerstone, which is now set in the building in such a way that it can be removed. Three French doors opening off the living room will lead out to a stone terrace in the front yard. Just above the sidewalk, the lawn will be double-terraced. Contractor Baker Terry, of St. Louis, is building the new house at a cost of $40,000. The present Alpha Xi residence, at 781 Russell Street, will serve as a Cary Hall annex during next year.
Dr. Lark-Horovitz Sails For London Dr. K. Lark-Horointz, head of the Physics Department, left last Thursday for Quebec, Can., and will sail from there today for London, England, where he will visit University College at London and the University of Cambridge at Cambridge. While at Cambridge he will attend the British Association for Advancement of Science to be held August 17 to 21. From there he will go to Stockholm, Swe'iden, to visit the University of Upsala and the Nobel Institute. On his return trip he will stop at the Bohr Laboratory in Copenhagen, Denmark, and the Madame Curie Laboratory in Paris. Dr. LarkHorovitz expects to return to the campus by October 1.
• the Purdue Exponent House Manager’s Directory
of
Better Lafayette Merchants
BAKERY Ruger, J. B. Sons Co. COAL Lafayette lee & Coal Co. DAIRIES Sunshine Farms DRY CLEANING American Laundry Crown Laundry West Side Cleaners FLORISTS Clark Floral Co '' FURNITURE Decker’s Loeb & Hene Co. GLASS Huneck’s ICE Lafayette Ice & Coal Co. LAUNDRY American Laundry Crown Laundry MEAT City Meat & Poultry Thrift-Tee Market NEWSPAPER Purdue Exponent OFFICE SUPPLIES Decker’s PAINT Huneck's RAILWAY Lafayette Street Railway
5426 5078 5015 3085 4073 4081 5432 6477 5011 3841 5078 3085 4073 5372 6751 4005 6477 3841 3475
ViTHE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thursday, August 4, 1938
^ !!
I
i
Foresters Enter Final Week Of Work
The Pui’due freshman foresters encamped at the forestry summer camp on the Clark County State Forest near Henryville, are entering the final week of work. The two groups have each completed a week of extensive field work away from the mai7i camp in what is knowi as Side Camp. In Side Camp the foresters live under field conditions, sleeping under tent flies, on the bare ground and do their own cooking on small field cook stoves similar to the ones used by timber survej^s or timber cruisers. In Side Ca/iup the foresters make a timber estimate of the area assigned to them as well as a detailed topographic map. The map is made on field sheets with a contour interval of 20 feet. The field data is worked up at night to show the contents of the timber stands by species of trees, diameters of the trees and the merchantable volume of saw timber and cordwood products. The Purdue Foresters have played the CCC Camp 1599 a series of softball games and came out the vicrs. Last Saturday the Foresters efeated the Henryville team in a double header—-the first 8-2 in a 7 inning game, and the other 5-3 in the second game. The remaining week will see the foresters complete their woi’k in forest mensuration under A. M. Herrick. The wmrk in dendrelogy will be completed with a final examination on the 110 different species of trees and shrubs which they have studied under 0. M. Davenport. The work in forest surveying under Professor Geo. E. Spencer and W. B. Hubler has covered a checkerboard map of 70 acres with a 2 foot control interval, and a topogi’aphic map of a complete section of land (640 acres) with a contour interval of 10 feet. The Foresters have been privileged to go on all inspection trip to see some of the wmrk canned on by the Soil Conservation Camp near Lexington, Indiana. The trip was conducted under the guidance of Professor Chas. G. Geltz, the director of the camp. The work on exhibition was planned and executed by Lee Myer, a Pui’due forester of the ’35 class. On this trip they were examined on the identification of trees by 0. M. Davenport. The class was given an opportunity to see a young stand of timber which was badly in need
of thinning, and areas of a similar nature which have been thinned. The work was carried on on the farm of Clyde Clashman, near Lancaster, Indiana. Clashman is a graduate of the old Eluetherian College, now abandoned. This college is of historic interest because the founder, Mr. Craven, established it for the education of all without regard for creed, color or sex. It was supposed to have been a connecting link in the underground railroad prior to the Civil War. The forestry camp had the following visitors recently: Dean V. C. Freeman, Dean Fisher and Professor Burr N. Prentice, head of the Forestry Department. Henry B. Abbett, the purchasing agent, and his son. Jack, were also recent visitors.
WBAA
-“Voice Of Purdue”—
—Today—
11:00—Morning Melodies. • 11:16—The Town Crier. 11:30—Parade of Melodies. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—Russ Graefnitz—piano. 12:15—The Woman Shopper—Pat Heine. 12 :30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 :45—Market Reports. 1:00—Musical Moments. 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Marjory, Williamson—soprano. 2:15—“Let’s Go Someplace!” 2 :30—The Home Builders. 2:45—Treasure Chest—Mildred Templin. 3 :00—Men of Vision. 3 :15—Afternoon Musicale. 3 :45—Interesting People in the News. 4 :00—The Magic Carpet. * 4:15—Arsene Summers—contralto. 4 :30—Dick Curtner—pianist. 4 :45—Story Book Hour.
—Friday—
-Contract Bridge Chats—Julius Born. -Morning Melodies. -Purdue News Flashes. -Agricultural Forum. -Hollywood Reporter. -Luncheon Dance Time. -Market Reports. -Joe and Bud Snodgrass -Melody Time. —two guitars. -The Monitor Views the News. -Mary Louise Switzer—piano. -Typing School of the Air. -The Home Builders. -Pat Wolcott—sporano. -Concert Review. -The Magic Carpet. -Dorothi' Dunlap—pianist. -Exponent of the Air. -Story Book Hour. —Saturday—
-Just Kids.
-Carolyn Wood. -Market Reports. -Sports Review—Dick Shively. —Luncheon Dance Time. -Tune Time—Charles Powell.
-Radio Stage.
—“Music Maestro, Please.” -Three Boy Friends. -Joe Smith—pianist. -Stamp Club of the Air. -Three High-Hatters. —Men Behind the Classics. -Hoosier Corn Huskers. —Curb Stone Reporter.
4:004 4:304:45-
11:3012:00-
12 :15-
12:3012:45-
1:302 3:153:30-
Facts Too Important To Overlook You’re Sure of Cleanliness in Handling High Butter-fat Content • Uniform Quality 'i WHEN WE SERVE YOU
Here is a milk that’s reliable — the same fine taste and freshness week in and week out. That’s because Sunshine takes such pains in its testing, preparation and transportation. This is a milk you can be SURE of.
Sunshine Farms
Collegiate ON OTHER CAMPUSES— A new monthly publication to be known as The Indiana Alumni Magazine, desig'iied to furnish Indiana University graduates and former students with up-to-date news of the institution and of each other, was announced recently by the alumni secretary of ,the down-state school. Appearing for the first time next October, the new magazine will replace The Alumni Quarterly, which for 25 years has chronicled Indiana University news, and also -The Indiana Alumnus, semi-monthly newspaper established in 1921.
Courses in “radio listening” have been planned in many colleges and universities for the coming year. Intelligent radio listening, the educators believe, is as much an accomplishment as listening to a symphony concert or an opera.
“In 15 years there will be no deans of men or deans of women,” said an American educator recently. “Personnel work will take their place.” As is in responset to this prediction, Harvard summer school this year is offering a course, “Problems in Personnel Work with Girls in Schools and Colleges.” Deans, registrars, principals, and instructors from all over the country are enthusiastic — seeking a practical approach to their problem. Case studies, field trips to factories and schools, and social work are included in the laboratory course.
The population area served by WILL, University of Illinois radio station, will be more than doubled when, in the middle of September, the station increases its power from the present 1,000 watts to the 5,000 watts approved several days ago by the Federal Communications Com-
A $93,000 cyclotron, the atomsmashing apparatus used in nuclear physics research work, is being installed at McGill University, in Canada. It consists of a kind of merry-go-I’ound, with hydrogen and oxygen and helium particles swirling so speedily that they penetrate into the nucleus of an atom and shake it up.
Working students at the University of Oregon are ace-hifeh in studies. Men who earn 50 per cent of their expenses stand in the highest scholastic brackets. Almost 70‘ per cent of the university’s 2,100 students are wholly or partially self-supporting. Grades of students in this group are generally of high i-ank.
Providence College’s Protective Insurance Company, underwriters who protect student “flunks,” has completed five months of service to satisfied custonfers. Just five months ago. Providence’s Robert Murphy decided something should be done to protect boys who “flunk” exams and face fees for retakes. A sliding
premium scale was devised, from 36 cents for seniors to 60 cents for freshmen, and guaranteed to pay the cost of make-up tests. Payoffs are in March and September, when the college gives examinations for removal of conditions. Because of the success of the plan, six other American colleges are going to adopt it.
Horwarth Supervises Oil Plant Erection T. J. HorWarth, CE ’31, an engineer with the M. W. Kellogg Company of New York, is now representing the company in Persia where he is supervising the erection of an oil refining plant
Sororities / WHEN PLANNING YOUR FALL RUSH
let C^llltL ^
emem
We specialize in fine flowers for all occasions — in addition to brightening up your fall rushing Clark’s are always glad to-take care of your floral needs in a style that is sure to please you.
The Clark Floral Co.
A Neat House.. A Neat Pledge Class!
W(L
Drapes and Rugs cleaned and ready for a great year are just as important as intensive rush. Neither will do the trick alone — but together“they net results. West Side is proud of its drape and rug cleaning, and rightly so. The better fraternity and sorority houses have used these services with the finest results. Prices are reasonable.
NORTHWESTERN AVE. AT VINE PHONE 40SI
Northwestern at Vine
HOUSEKEEPING as advertised therein
Good News • For Fraternities and Sororities
An unbeatable combination, and we aren^t exaggerating a bit either. You can buy the finest quality meats at the Thirft-Tee Markets and cut down your food bills at the same time. Let us show you this fall.
THRIFT-TEE MARKET
522 Main St.Thursday, August 4, 1938
THE PUEDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
5 #
We have the finest meats for all occasions. Remember when ordering in the fall that we take pride in selling only the finest of meats at moderate prices.
RUSH PICNICS
RUSH DINNERS
• RADIO DANCES
City Meat & Poultry Co.
ONE STOP SERVICE
lo
yOUR CONVENIENCE
PHOIE 3085
FLAT WORK RUe CLEANING DRAPERIES and CURTAINS BLANKETS FINE LAUNDERING bRY CLEANING SHOE REPAIRING
ALL WORK GUARANTEED FOR YOU R PROTECTION MODERATELY PRICED AMERICAN LAURDRY
Fraternities Redecorate {Continued from page 3) the chapter house and several other improvements this summer. The house heating plant will be repaired, the downstairs floors will be refinished, and new living room furniture will be added. Also some articles of study furniture will be purchased. A new bathroom is being constructed downstairs, and new dining room furrt^ure will be bought. Chapter prexy next year will be T. B. Glazebrook, of Tefft. Sigma Pi Sigma Pi plans to enlarge and repaint its kitchen and lay new linoleum. Also the dining and living rooms will be repainted and replastered where needed. The outside of the house will be given a fresh coat of paint, and the furniture and drapes bought last summer again arranged for use in the house. President and house manager respectively of Sigma Pi fraternity next year will be William C. Eandel, of South Bend, and J. E. Zachary, of Princeton. ASpha Gamma Eho Painting is the most important item on Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity’s improvement program this summer. Both the outside and the inside of the house have been or will be painted. The outside has been trimmed in maroon and the inside is being painted a cream color. All the study rooms will be painted, and new rugs and some new furniture will be procured for the downstairs. Frank Smith, ot Spiceland, will be AGR’S chapter president next year. Beta Theta Pi Beta*Theta Pi fraternity is painting upstairs halls and washing downstairs walls this summer. Members will paint their own rooms when they come back for school in the fall. New rugs and some new furniture bought last year will be used to furnish the living rooms downstairs next year. Hewitt Crosby, of New York City, and R. D. Juve, of Akron, Ohio, will act as chapter house manager and president next year. Kappa Sigma Kappa Sigma will be doing a unique thing this summer—^their main improvement will be in the form of a complete rewiring of the house electrical system. All the walls downstairs will be washed as is done every summer, also. Other projects under consideration are the repairing of the brick fireplace in the living room, the reflooring of the area in front of the fireplace, and the enclosing in of the side porch. Fred J. Burnside, of Indianapolis, will act as house manager next year, while chapter prexy will be Tom Miller, of Fort Wayne.
FRESH FROM THE OVENS You can always depend on the deliciously fresh, high quality of our baked goods. Whether it’s bread and rolls, fine cakes, home-made cookies, or any other bakery goods that your fraternity or sorority needs, you'll find it the best of its kind when you order here.
Bakery
Phone 5426
Phi Kappa New downstairs furniture and new rugs for the living rooms is the contribution of Phi Kappa to the long list of Purdue fraternities' summer improvements. House manager of the chapter next year will be William P. Tyrrell, of Muncie. President of the ohouse will be Bill Reed, of Fort Wayne. Sigma Alpha Mu Redecoration in the Sigma Alpha Mu house this summer will begin with wallpapering the study rooms. Then the dining room will be redecorated and new tables bought for it. A couch and some new chairs for the living rooms will be purchased, as well as several new study desks. Harry Krashen, of Kingman, is the Sigma Alpha Mu house manager, while the chapter president is J. M. Rosenberg, of Detroit, Mich. Sigma Nu Repairing of dining room tables and remodeling of the lavatories will occupy the time of workmen in the Sigma Nu^fjratemity house this summer. Jjfew legs will be furnished for all the dining room tables. New walls, a shower room, and a new floor will be added to the upstairs bathroom. House manager H. G. Telford, of Shaker Heights, Ohio, will be in charge. Prexy of the Purdue chapter next year will be M. E. Rieke, of Auburn. Thefa Chi Entire downstairs of the Theta Chi house is being painted this summer. Also their summer program includes the building of a new chapter room, and the purchase of new furniture for the living rooms and new rugs for the hall. William J. Derner will be house manager next fall, while prexy for the chapter will be Don R. Vance, of Noblesville. Triangle Triangle fraternity will confine summer rejuvenation activities to the dormitory. New beds, mattresse,s and blankets will be bought to accomplish the process. House manager for next year will be Charles Bennet, of South Bend, while chapter president will be J. H. Jacobi, of Dayton, Ohio.
Dr. Van Norman Dies In Chicago Dr. H. E. Van Norman, expert in the dairy industry and former University staff member in the dairy department, died at his Chicago home July 27 of a heart ailment. He was 66 years old. Born in Tilsonburg, Ontario, Canada, Dr. Van Norman came to the United States in 1880 and during his lifetime served on the faculties of Purdue, Pennsylvania State College, and the University of California. Dr. Van Norman is the author of “First Lesson in Dairying” and many other papers on that and relative subjects. He is survived by his son and widow.
Road School Report Is Published As Bulletin Proceeding of last January’s 24th annual Road School, which was held here at the University, have just been published as an engineering bulletin at the direction of Professor Ben H. Petty, who was in charge of the School and who also is the head of the University department of highway engineering in the civil engineering school. Amounting to a veritable short course in the problems of highway building and maintenance, the report on the proceedings includes copies of all papers presented during the week of the Road School. The papers cqvered such topics as highway laws,, importance of roads in our economic and social life, and numerous other phases of the subject. J. R. Osborn Receives Colorado Appointment J. R. Osborn, CE ’30, who is just completing a year’s work as graduate assistant in Civil Engineering at Texas A. and M. College, has beeit given a one-year appointment at Colorado State College, Fort Collins, Colorado, substituting for Professor Adrian LeGault, testing engineer, who will be away on a year’s leave of absence.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISE]#
Good Looking HOUSE FURNISHINGS ImprOjV^ the Looks or your ‘ FRATERNITY ' and SORORITY That’s why Loeb’s Home Furnishing Departments are in line with your Home-Furnishing problems. It’s the quality, the dependability and wear of the various iterus you need that counts in the long run, and makes your initial purchase worth while. We feature all kinds of Nationally Known Makes and are glad to furnish you with an estimate ... no matter how small or large your order may be. A Partial List is quoted below:
• Double Deck Beds and Mattresses. • Springs, Sheets, Pillow Cases,and Blamket^.
•
Chest of Draiwers, Tables and Chairs. Floor and Table Lamps. , • Draperies and Curtains. • Glass and China Ware.
• Kitchen Utensils. • Rugs and Carpets.
• Hard Surfac^Ploorings.
LOEB&MCNC COMPANY
For 68 Years on the .Square"'^n”
•iT«!^!«5^flW1¥tii¥MS^*'iN^ ^ ?PW ta^ tt e^ ^iWH^^!^^v«*ah*V^ft>Tyjij»+f»^^;»>»WW'*^T»^*?=>W*^^ ’*
» ■♦^ny'y-^ »(n-»wk
• 6
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thursday, August 4, 1938
^
Construction On Pi Beta f Phi House Starts This Month Bids for the building of a new Pi Beta Phi sofority house will probabl;^ be recened nithin a fortnight and actual construction start about the last of this month, Dean Mary L Matthew®, financial ad^ iser for the organization, stated last night
30^814 Visit Purdue In Year*s Conference Dm mg the yeai ending June 30, a total of 30,814 persons attended the 58 special conferences and shoit comses held at the University, setting a new high mark for attendance at this type of public seiMce given by the University This announcement was made lecently by T E Johnston, directoi of inf01 matron foi the University, who has kept the lecoids for the special events foi some years Total attendance at similai extracuiiiculai sessions last yeai was 27,581 Foi a number of yeais the Uni\eisity has offered special courses and conferences to men and women engaged in different types of agricultural training, engineering fields, high school debate, 4-H work, etc Leading the attendance records this year was the Agricultural Conference held in January vhich drew 7,675, with the 4-H club Eoundup attracting 2,000 Ag Editors Aleet Here Next Year The American Agricultural College Editors’ Association will hold their annual meeting here next summer Over 100 of those who handle the editorial and publicity work for the Agricultural Colleges and Universities in the United States are expected to attend T. R Johnston, director of information for the University, and Glenn W Sample, assistant in agricultural extension publicity, attended the recent meeting held in Knoxville, Tenn.
At a cost of approximately $60,000, the house will be constructed on three lots at the comer of/Russell and State Streets, to replace the present) Pi^ Phi home at 171 Littleton The new building will house 37 girls Georgian style of architecture will grace the new sorority—red buck construction, trimmed in white . two-story pillars on the front porch . • shutters at the windows. The house will contain two mam floors, a basement, and a dormitory ovei the entire building. Build Recreation Room Part of the basement will be furnished to provide a recreational parlor for the girls A dining room, to seat 41 persons, and a large living room with three adjoining alcoves will occupy most of the first floor space Study rooms will be located on the second floor. The present Pi Phi residence will probably be sold after the new building IS completed next spring. Dean Matthews said This Littleton Street house has already been cleaned and repainted for use during the coming year
Loeb*s Installs New Air Cooling System Loeb’s Department Store, located on the square in Lafayette has recently installed a new air cooling system designed to lower the inside temperature as much as 14 degrees below the outside air heat. The entire five floors of the store have been equipped with the cooling equipment which is now ready for use Humidity as well as heat IS controlled by this apparatus which IS known as the “Air Cooled” system Loeb’s invites the public to try out the new cooling plant by dropping in for refreshment from the outside heat at any time.
Bond Accepts Position As Assistant Chemist Wendell Bond, Ag ’38, has accepted a position as assistant chemist in the department of agricultural chemistry at the University of Missouii, it was announced yesterday by Di H R Kraybill, state chemist While in Purdue, Bond specialized m agricultural chemistry under the direction of Dr. Kraybill.
Broken Window Glass
If you have any, you will want to replace it the first thing this fall. Huneck’s are specialists in this hme and have just what you want. Remember, then, for broken glass call Huneck’s.
Or Weathered
Sashi
ing
You can be sure of finding the fiSfest paints and varnishes here See us before you start your remodeling We also carry a complete line of wallpapers, fioor wax, and polishers. HyNECK'SPiNT&GUISSCO.
Housemanagers:
Be assured of the first issue of the Exponent. Order your subscription by mail before registratioiy.
Get Ready Now!
Don^f wait until the fall term of school is here — Get Ready Now. Send your Rugs — Drapes — Curtains — Upholstered Furniture — Bed Clothing and the like to Crown for a thorough cleaning.
FIME OEEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES Top of Hill, On the Corner
“N o w that I have my Coolerator I never bother with covered dishes. (And such a bother as they used to he!) I am told the air conditioning in Coolerator prevents rapid drying out and minimizes exchange of flavors. Whatever the reason, everythmg tastes better and I save all that extra work.” Most people want to be rid of covered dishes They take up valuable space, there’s the nuisance of transferrmg leftovers from one container to another—the extra dishwashing is a considerable item. Coolerator owners quickly find they can free Aemselves from thk bother. Why not investigate this truly modem refrigerator tluit keeps foods fresher yet costs less? FOR YOUR 10 DAY FREE TRIAL CALL
Lafayette Ice & Coal Co. Phone 5078
from Ledgers To Filing Cases from Badminton to Football Decker's Can Supply You
While you may not need supplies and equipment the opening day of school, as the year progresses you will. Intramurals, desks, adding machines, stationery, light globes, office supplies, are just a few of the many items you’ll be looking for as a House Manager. Make a memo in your mind now that Decker’s have your many miscellaneous needs.
518-520 Main Sf.
DECKER'S
Phone 6477
During Rush - - -
Don’t Walk
BUT
Ride the Street Railway
Never walk a rushee . . . Yef consider expenses. Take your ^^pjedge to be” on the street car to a show, to a tavern, or to the other high spots of town via the economical street car. Plan your rush campaign accordingly.
Lafayette {Street Railway Co.Thursday, August 4, 1938
SPORTS
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
SPORTS
League Standings
American League
44 0 1 z
TJ 1 3
F3 o +J o W
o % Q
o bo Cl) X O
a '7J rd Ph
a 0 O w
d o
o
§
N Y
4
7
7
11
11
6
13
68
31
640
Cleve
1
7
10
7
4
13
7
64
32
632
Boston
6
8
6
7
7
6
12
62
37
684
Wash
2
8
4
7
8
10
9
48
48
BOO
Detroit
4
4
8
10
7
10
4
47
48
495
Chicago _
4
3
6
5
4
7
8|36
47
434
Phila
4
3
2
3
6
7
7132
54
372
St Louis
4
2
4
7
6
3| 3|
29
60
326
Lost |31|32l37|48|48|47|54|6Q|
Yesterday’s Results New York, 10 Detroit, 7 Boston, 4-6, Cleveland, 3-8 St Louis 6, Washington, 3 Philadelphia, 14-13 , Chicago, 2-5
Natioml League
"S •+2 +3 pI
U ►S 1 |z;
o bo 0} o £ o
+3 C d « 5 6
d X o o M
d o 4J O pq
d o w
rd Ph
d o
o 1-:;
d v o M 0)
Pitts
7
7
7
8
9
n
10
69
33
641
N Y __
6
9
6
10
6
10
9
65
40
679
Chicago _
3
8
7
8
9
6
12
62
42
553
Cm
4
11
6
7
9
6
11
62
42
663
Brook
8
1
7
6
6
9
8
44
49
473
Boston
6
6
6
7
4
10
6
42
49
462
St Louis
2
7
6
3
7
7
7
38 54
413
Phila
6
1
4
6
6
4
4
29162
319
Lost — |33|40|42|42(49|49I64|62|
Yesterday’s Results Pittsburgh, 9-6 Boston, 4-3 New York, 8 Chicago, 3 Cincinnati, 6, Philadelphia, 3 (10 innings)
Registration Now Reaches 1564 Total registration yesterday of students who have come to the University campus this summer for academic credit was 1,564, according to a statement from the Registrar’s office. This number does not include military, forestry, and civil engineering students who attended various camps away from here. “Today’s combined enrollment since the beginning of summer school is 1,564, but that is not'^coraplete,” laughed the dark-haired clerk in the Registrar’s office. “The figuie never seems to be complete.” Bodden At Silver Lake For Three Week Visit AlChE Picnic Today W. A Bodden, University chief accountant and auditor of student oiganization accounts, is spending a three weeks’ vacation with his family at Silver Lake, near Watoma, Wis. Bodden left last Saturday, will return August
50% Cash
Fleming Will Inspect Physics Laboratories Word has been received from the Associated Electrical Industries, England, that Dr. Fleming, Research Director of McVicker’s oi Manchester and London, England, IS going to visit the Purdue laboratoi les in connection with a study he IS undei taking of nuclear physics research in the United States. Hockema Leaves For Vacation Prof. Prank C Hockema, assistant to the president, will start out Satui day moi ning on a motor vacation acioss the upper peninsula of Michigan and over into Wisconsin. At Camp Shewahmegon, boys’ summer camp owned and operated by Assistant Dean of Men P?ed Goldsmith, on the north end of Lake Owen in Northern Wisconsin, Professor Hockema will pick up his two boys who have been spending the summer there. He will come back to the University in two weeks.
50% Cash
n Trade For USED TEXT BOOKS H. G. (deac) Reisner
BOOKSTORE
DEWENTER’S
of Summer Items CONTINUES
WASH SLACKS $1.95 Now^1^55
BELTS 50c Now 35c $1.00 Now 69c
PAJAMAS $2.00 Now$1,55
-p —" ^ /
TIES 65c Now 2 for 6@C fi.oo 69c 6
/ SOCKS // ' ' 55c $1.00
WILSON KNIT SPORT SHIRTS « Special » $1.00 Now 69c
SHIRTS $1.65 Now $1.25 $2.00 Now $1.55
SWIMMING TRUNKS $1.95 Now $1.25 $2.95 Now $l.g5 $3.95 Now $2.65
SPORT COATS $'?2.ooNow $7.95 $s.5onow$5.95
416 MAIN STREET
•ielder’8...4 ....choice —By Don Bailey
Two weeks ago Gabby Hartnett was named to manage the Chicago Cubs. At that time many fans wondered where Tony Lazzeri fitted into the pictuie. Lazzeii came to the Cubs with the manager tag pinned all over him. Maise Joe McCarthy, manager of the woild champion New York Yankees, was leported to have let Tony go to the Biuins because “he didn’t want to interfere with Lazzeri’s manageiial ambitions ” From a reliable source close to Phil K. Wrigley, Cub owner, we learn the probable fate of Mr. Lazzeri. The Cubs are going to organize a farm system rivaling the Cardinal “chain gang.” Lazzeri will be in charge of the entire system. If Tony can dig up a few players like himself, Wrigley will be well satisfied. —^fc—■ Two more Puidue football players have joined the ranks of the professionals. The two Andys, Grant and Botney, signed with the Chicago Bears this week. —^fc— Recently President Ford Prick, of the National League, extended the infield fly rule to short outfield flies. Under Frick’s new ruling a National League batter is automatically out if an outfielder puiposely drops a short fly ball, provided first and second or first, second, and third are occupied with less than two outs. This is to prevent an outfielder from completing a double play by droppa^ the ball and forcing the runners to vacate their bases. It is reported that a prominent American League manager said he could get around the rule, in part . at least, by informing his outfielders to juggle long flies, and to kel^ juggling them until they reach the infield where they are to drop them. Presumably this vaudeville stunt would be to keep the status of a ball hit to the fence as “long” but at the same time produce the double play aspect of a “short” fly. As we see it, there is only one thing wrong with this play: while “Juggling Joe” IS concentrating on doing a “jig along with each jug” the runnels will score. Evidently the junior circuit field general thought a base runner could not .advance until the ball is either caught or dropped. However, a runner may advance as soon as the ball touches, a fielder’s glove or peison. '—fc— One Year Ago Today: Elmer Layden, of Notre Dame, leads Lynn Waldorf, of Northwestern, by 40,000 points in the poll to select the coach of the college all-stars. Today Bo McMillan, of Indiana, leads Layden by 94,000 points, with Harry Kipke, formerly of Michigan, third in the poll. Summer Classes End Wednesday Afternoon Exam Files Available Summer Session classes will official! j’' end Wednesday afternoon, according to an announcement made last night by Dean of Men M L. Fisher Final examinations will then stait at 7 a. m Thursday and continue through 6 p m Satui day There will be thiee examination periods each day—7 to 10 a m.; 11 a. m. to 2 p. m ; and 3 to 6 p. m Copies of all final examinations given in the Umveisity last June are now available foi student use 11), the Libiaiy. This is the fiist 'time such a seivice has been open to students. Wallace Stops Here On Way To Capitol Secretaiy of Agricultuie Heniy A. Wallace, accompanied by his special assistant, R M. Evans, visited the campus for a short time yesterday morning en route to Washington on an automobile trip through the corn belt. After holding conferences with members of the soil conservation committee and the agiicultural extension depaitment Wallace and his assistant left to lesume then tup.
SS Nine Wins Last Ross Camp Ball Game
Although again outhit, the Summer Session baseball team won the last game of the series with the Ross Camp Civil Engineers at Ross Camp yesterday,' 5-3. This game gave the Summei Session nine a clean sweep in the five game senes. Massoth staited the game for the winneis, going out in the fouith inning in favor of Chamberlain Massoth adlowed the losers two luns on only three hits duiing his stay on the mound, while Chamberlain was touched foi the othei thi ee hits, but held the Camp nine to one lun Stewart, with pooler support, gave up only foui hits duiing the whole contest, two coming in the first frame when Tate and Taylor started the game by knocking the ball over the “two-base-hit” fence Errors Allow Two Runs Errors permitted the next two runs to cross the plate in the first inmng without any more hits, and the Summer Session team added two more in the last inning to cinch the victory. The\home outfit scored two in the second and were stopped in the middle of a last inning rally after sending another across before the game ended. _ Box Score Summer School AB R H Tate, 3b 3 11 Taylor, 2b 3 2 1 Massoth, SS 3 11 Kowalchuk, c 3 11 Pogue cf 3 0 0 Brown rf 3 0 0 Chamberlain, p 3 0 0 Wadley, lb 2 0 0 Smith If 2 0 0 Totals 25 6 4 Ross Camp AB R „ H Crouch, If 2 0 0 Starbuck, rf _ 2 0 0 Frey, rf .1 1 1 Stewart, p 2 0 0 Inman, c 3 0 0 Stapleton, lb 3 0 1 Nau, cf 3 0 1 Yochem, 2b 2 10 Gibson, 3b 2 11 Manton, ss 10 1 Totals 21 3 5
Last Games On Green Tonight Games on the Green will be held for the last time this summer tonight at 6.30 The games will be held inside the Fieldhouse as they were the last time Mucfi of the same program as the other two wull be followed, wnth ring tennis, softball, badminton, croquet, tether ball, and archery courts set up On the previous occasions the games weie received considerable interest -NOTICES-
Teachers’ Licenses: All who will be making applications for teachers’ licenses at end of Summer Session please come to Teacher Placement and License office in the Executive Building as soon as possible The office will be glad to have teachers on the campus that are not registered with the office come and get credential blanks There 13 no charge made for this service —DAVIS
LOCAL ADS
FOR RENT: Four double rooms, clean and well-lighted 15 University Stieet. Phone 56021. Driving To California—Leaving August 13 for Los Angeles. 1938 Plymouth. Want one passenger'^to shaie expense. Phone Bob 3301, or write 690 Waldron. Two Passengers To New York or New Jersey August 13. Call C. T. R. 5225.
a(ym.
and
li,
awuna
'f ^“7^ Downstairs in the
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION Corner of the Campus, Yet the Center of Campus Activities
1^ 1 'llTHE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thursday, August 4, 1938 ^
NEWS . since Sunday WASHINGTON “Organized Medicine’’ . . . . . . this week is facing the charges
of Thurman Arnold, U. S. assistant attoi’ney general, that it has tried to prevent the operation of cooperative medical care and hospital groups. , More specifically. Attorney Arnold says the department of justice will conduct a gi’and jury investigation of the activities of the District of Columbia Medical Society and
• t*’® Purdue Exponent; Service Directory
• Booksfores
e Professional
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNEE
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine, W. Lafayette Phone 4965
• Locksmith
SOUTHWORTH’S Everjrthing for the Purdue Student
“C” CARTER ' BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Dine
• Jeweler
Have Your BEST MEAL at the NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
the American Medical Association in opposition to the Group Health Association, Inc., composed of 2,500 federal employees who pay monthly fees to provide full medical care for themselves. PWA Cracked Down . . . . . . Tuesday on cities that were tardy in getting stai*ted projects for which it had set aside funds. Boston, first victim of PWA revocation of grants, lost a $1,125,000 offer to cover 45 per cent of the cost of a new city hall. Authorities of the Public Works Administration, chief spending agent in the government’s 31 billion dollar recovery program, asserted that failure to take quick advantage of federal allotments would result in the calling back and reallocating of grants. BUSINESS Settlement Negotiations .. . . , . begun yesterday may be the beginning of the end of the 12 week Maytag strike which has stirred up controversy between Iowa’s governor and militia and the NLRB. Iowa’s Governor Kraschel called out his National Guard troops Monday to close NLRB hearings in Newton, site of the 1,500 Maytag employee strike. Now NLRB announces it will hold that meeting tomorrow in defiance of the troops and the governor’s orders. Kraschel yesterday met with the principals of the strike in secret, indicating that settlement may not be far off. Million Dollar Damages . . . . . . constituted the demands the National Association of Industrial Insurance Agents made in court when it charged the CIO with slander and libfel Tuesday. Hoarders . . . . . . buying $7,520,000 worth of gold since Sunday have caused the price on the London market to rise to the abnormal height of $34.75 an ounce. Fear in Europe and rumors in America are blamed for the unhealthy hoarding.
FOREIGN English Officials . . . . . . this week denied Hazel Smith, of Oneonta, N. Y., the right to land at London with her “seeing eye” dog. Babe. The ministry of agriculture refused to make an exception to the rule that all dogs entering England must be kept in quarantine. Miss Smith said it would be useless for her to go ashore without her dog. She has decided to return to the United States without stepping foot on English soil. Worst Wreck . . . ... in the history of the West Indies occurred Sunday when a crowded train was derailed and pushed into a river near Kingston, Jamaica. Fifty-two persons were known dead and 75 others injured in the collision. The accident occurred when the front engine of the train became derailed and the pusher rammed five coaches into the water. WAR Japanese-Russian . . . . . . border incidents this week threw another scare into an already war-torn world, as Russian troops massed on the Manchuko-Siberian frontier. Reports from Moscow indicate the Russians are driving the Japanese back, but reports from Toyko would show the opposite to be true. Soviet war planes yesterday dropped bombs on Korean territory. This is only the third time that Japanese soil has been attacked from the air. Spanish Rebels . . . . . . continue to pour a deadly fire from machine guns, airplanes, and artillery into the Loyalist, but the government troops continue to hold the Ebro River Valley. The Loyalists appear to be gaining strength in the Valencia theater, although accurate information is not available.
Money in Your Pocket
CASH
For
Second Hand Text Books
50 60
Cash For all Purdye Text' Books Used Next Trade Year.
seuTHwm’s
CONGRATULATIONS
Distinguished Students
Freshmen Agriculture T. H. Blosser, 5.44; R. E. Davis, 5.17; H. O. Drabenstott, 5.59; W. M. Guard, 5.26; B. F. Johnson, 5.09; W. D. Knepper, 5.42; S. B. Legg, 5.10; D. E. Lower, 5.25; A. D. Luers, 5.00; J. A. Marvel, 5.33. E. J. Morthland, 5.24; R. Payne, 5.08; P. C. Smythe, 5.24; R. K. Waugh, 5.26. Engineering C. W. Aders, 5.02; L. G. Alexander, 5.81; L. E. Aull, 5.57; E. L. Blakslee, 5.74; W. J. Borns, 6.50; D. E. Boynton, 5.11; P. J. Brennan, 5.18; G. W. Brewer, 5.31; C. E. Brown, 5.25; R. P. Bukowski, 5.00. R. W. Carter, 5.12; K. 0. Cartwright, 5.58; C. N. Coates, 5.31; V. L. Crabb, 5.57; F. Filers, 5.79; J. E. Fant, 5.31; L. R. Frazier, 5.00; H. E. Freeman, 5.23; G. A. Fritzlen, 5.17; B. Golding, 5.39; F. C. Goldsmith, 5.38; F. L. Granger, 5.39. W. K. Grise, 5.34; N. J. Haiflich, 5.31; R. L. Hauter, 5.17; R. A. Hogue, 5.06; W. L. Holcomb, 5.56; R. E. Howaid, 5.58; M. K. Howlett, 5,03; R. D. Hultgien, 5.31; P. Jaimotz, 5.33; G. R. Jungerman, 5.17; M. E. Keane, 5.10; G. H. Kerman, 5.05; K. N Kettenring, 5.86. C. B Kmskern, 5.58; C. W. Leber, 5.65; A. D. M. Lewis, 6.09; J. T. Long, 5.27; L. B. McCommon, 5.34; E. S. McKee, 5.48; C. M. McKeighen, 5 46; W. D. March, 5.23; V. T. Mavity, 5.33; W. G. Meese, 5.56. B. E. Moptavon, 5.03; G. F. Montgomery, 6.14; W. B. Moigan, 5.35; W. E. Moss, 5.08; E. P. Neher, 5.16; W. J. Pitcher, 5.24; H. F. Poll, 5.06; L. E. Primeau, 5.13; F. E. Reese, 5.87; R. F. Ringham, 5.26; A. P. Schnaible, 5.33. J. B. Shickel, 5.00; R. D. Sinish, 5.08; R. A. Spraker, 5.88; J. Staley, 5.03; T. J. R. Stephens, 5.13; R. J. Symonds, 5.00; R. J. Taylor, 5.53; K. J. Thompson, 5.91; R. P. Thornton, 5.14; E. E. Underwood, 5.33. J. C. VanHorn, 5.03; J. A, Wallei’, 5.1^; W. A. Waid, 5.23; A. C. Weed, 5.42; R. J. Wells, 5.03; R. I. Williams, 5.03; H. Wist, 5.38; W. G. Wright, 5.33.
Home Economics D. J. Backert, 5.21; E. A. Bassett, 5.19; M. A. Brown, 5.10; M. L. Goff, 5.37; M. T. Hannon, 5.18; L. M. Heilmann, 5.30; V, J. Horne, 5.04; E. Z. Jacobson, 5.20; D. C. Miller, 5.04; M. E. Monk, 6.13. L. E. Osborn, 5.40; J. S. Plummei’, 5.59; M. A. Terstegge, 5.29. Pharmacy R. L. Fuller, 5.08; R. L. Huff, 5.32. Science B. J. Beisel, 5.68; R. M. Bennett, 5.37; J. Burnham, 5.29; M. J. Carr, 5.04; A. J. Densford, 5.38; C. Feldman, 5.38; C. A. Finney, 5.93; E. M. Hagemeyer, 5.31; H. E. Harvey, 5.20; R. A. Hoffer, 5.22; D. U. Holden, 5.15. C. D. Huckleberry, 5.08; W. E. Musser, 5.37; H. C. Nedderman, 5.53; C. L. Norquest, 5.60; J. W. Oswalt, 5.89; B. A. Sheay, 5.69; B. S. Shipow, 5.04; F. 0. Slate, 5.00; F. W. Vollmer, 5.25. Sophomores Agriculture M. A. Brunk, 5.46; C. J. Crum, 5.22; J. J. Denzler, 5.16; J. E. Glardon, 5.02; L. J. Haverkamp, 5.34; G. M. Hess, 5.00; C. E. Jones, 5.35; U. L. McConnell, 5.14; T. Marvel, Jr., 6.50; R. M. Morley, 5.02. T. F. Mumford, 5.14; H. E. Nickey, 5.30; D. Paarlberg, 5.84; S. D. Ramseyer, 5.21; R. L. Smith,^5.32; E. N. Stiver (For.), 5.31; T. A. Weldon,y 5.00. Chemical Engineering W. E. Catterall, 6.30; J. 0. Davis, 5.39; H. F. Fishburn, 5.07; J. M. Geist, 5.34; R. E. Hall, 6.12; W. J. Hams, 5.04; D. Heath, 5.00; C. F. Lutz, 5.03; N. A. Maier, 5.58; J. E. Margolis, 5.00; G. A. Omohundro, 5.51; C. B. Patiick, 5.22; J. Price, 5.03; L. W. Schmidt, 5.33; R. Schrader, 5.90; H. J. Segrave, 6.09; J. H. Smith, 5.99; R. A. Specker, 5.65; E. E. Wilson, 5.58; P. H. Wolfard, 5.32. Civil Engineering W. M. Beam, 5.00; K. C. Hous-
ton, 5.19; H. H. Ku, 6.11; H. B. LaForce, 5.21; G. W. Reid, 5.16; F. J. Woodsman, 5.97, Electrical Engineering G. M. Adams, 5.81; Bj* Brown, 6.50; R. J. Davis, 5.14; E. J. Drazy, 5.72; R. D. Elbourn, 5.90; R. P. Hawthorne, 5.42; L. M. Heath, 5.51; L. L. Holmes, 5.18; E. F. Huston, 5.03; R. N. Keen, 6.28. T. -H Ku, 5.92; J. I. Meranda, 5.21; J. E. Nitsche, 5.36; R. C. Simon, 5.94; R. Squires, 6.26; B. D. Taque, 5.36; K. E. Yost, 5.51. Engineering Law R. R. Lisius, 5.32. Mechanical Engineering C. J. Ancker, 5.20; A. E. Bachmann, 5.10; A. S. Boksenbom, 5.70; C. R. Brown, 5.69; F. D. Denzler, 5.02; G. W. Dietz, 5.00; 0. Duckworth, 5.43; J. G. Eilering, 5.84; V. N. Forsgren, 5.46. W. M. Gibbs, 5.11; C. A. Heidbreder, 5.78; A. B. Huston, 5.81; H. T. Kirk, 5.91; H. G. Kolb, 5.32; E. Maurey, 5.02; G. Palikucha, 5.13; W. L. Parlon, 5.26; A. V. Pustello, 5.00; C. A. Rasmussen, 5.48. C. A. Reising, 5.13; H. E. Schooley, 5.48; C. F. Sopcak, 5.53; F. W. Wanzenberg, 5.55; W. C. West, 5.27. Home Economics S. L. Anderson, 5.48; T. L. Berry, 5.30; E. R. Cohen, 5.05; L. J. Edson, 5.29; R. J. Gaylord, 5.22; J. F. Horwitz, 5.85; B. F. House, 5.07; R. L. Ince, 5.64; M. E. Mitchell, 5.25; L. R. Peter, 5.56; A. L. Sickman, 5.25; H. R. Wilson, 5.69. Pharmacy Sister Mary Clara Francis Faulkner, 5.65; R. F. Gerding, 5.61; F. N. Hughes, 6.20; Sister Mary Laurina Klein, 5.55; J. E. Orr, 5.02; Sister Mary Eileen VanAckeren, 5.12, Science M. A. Beko, 5.08; J. J. Byrne, 5.00; L. J. Demoret, 5.10; J. A. Hebbelei, 5.16; J. E. Morris, 5.19; L. E. Morrison, 5.00; A. Moscowitz, 5.10; K. E. Mounce, 5.73; F. R. Munro, 6.50; M. B. Phillips, 5.53.
D. J. Quinlan, 5.16; E. L. Robertson, 5.08; A. Shevchik, 5.00; M. L. A. Slater, 5.68; S. P. Steinbach, 5.11; M. M. Stoner, 5.46; E. D. Ward, 5.00; B. J. Wickard, 5.08. Juniors Agriculture J. W. Banning, 5.00; R. R. Binnie, 5.11; L. S. Hardin, 5.05; D. L. Henry, 5.21; R. L. Horner, 5.10; D. G. Jones, 5.67 ;0. A. McKinnis, 5.00; G. W. Oberholtzer, 5.26; D. D. Schinbecker, 5.24; C. H. Seufferle, 5.00; R. L. Schnell (For.), 5.05; H. H. Stonaker, 5.53; E. W. Swanson, 5.74; D. C. Wicoff, 5.24; J. M. Williamson (For.), 5.16. Chemical Engineering W. S. Craft, 5.18; J. H. Dinius, 5.23; D. Duffy, 6.11; R. F. Duncan, 5.67; A. G. Eickmeyer, 5.39; A. R. Fowler, 5.30; C. W. Hamilton, 5.05; C. E. Lacy, 5.03; W. D. Lahey, 5.24; H. W. Lownie, 5.03. J. H. Lux, 5.02; S. L. McCormick, 5.08; W. D. McEachron, 5.10; D. S. Martin, 6.03; J. M. Parks, 5.34; J. M. Rudolph, 5.58; L. F. Stutzman, 6.26; J. M. Willis, 5.87. Civil Engineering J J. Consoli, 5.27; F. Fai'r, 5.81; L. E. Gregg, 5.02; C. P. Pattison, 5.00; F. C Toy, 5.26. Electrical Engineering N. W. Aram, 5.02; J. S. Brown, 5.00; P. S. Dinius, 5.33; L. Finklestein, 5.25; L. E. Keck, 5.24; C. E. Parker, 5.28; J. W. Rieke, 5.19; R. E. Seely, 5.00; E. P. Smith, 5.08; G. W. Toben, 5.94. Mechanical Engineering F. C. Baase, 5.10; J. D. Baker, 5.85; R. M. Buechler, 5.56; G. Claypool, 5.18; D. W. Clugston, 5.59; P. S. Collier, 6.50; R. H. Dean, 5.15; G. Devore, 5.30; R. E. DuBois, 5.30; R. H. Elliott, 5.23. J. E. Hammer, 5.02; D. C. Harvey, 5.29; V. E. Holmes, 6.06; C. L. Kepner, 5.25; R. L. Kuhns, 5.47; D. R. McLeish, 5.57; J. B. Ortman, 5.00; M. Parson, 5.22; C. H. Powers, 5.59; N. H. Riise, 5.56; F. A. Robbins, 5.22.
G. R. Small, 5.29; W. H. Smith, 5.28; W. P. Stevens, 5.41; J. E. Taylor; T. L. Tomaszewski, 5.73; C. F. Warner, 5.60; R. C. Zimmer, 5.00. Public Service Engineering J. D. Harnett, 5.04; H. T. Helton, 5.08. Home Economics E. C. Benton, 5.43; A. L. Breitwieser, 5.48; B, C. Gibbs, 5.68; P. Jackson, 5.57; M. A. Swaffer, 6.15; M. E. Wien, 5.32. Pharmacy J. E. Christian, 5.33. Science D. R. Bahler, 5.75; J. Cleveland, 5.03; A. V. Cohee, 5.37; J. M. Crall, 5.89; W. Feldman, 5.00; L. B. Fishman, 5.09; C. L. Grannon, 5.00; W. F. Helms, 5.33; D. Herman, 5.95; E. Kammerling, 5.40. E. P. Leer, 5.25; C. 0. McGaughey, 5.17; K. M. Merritt, 5.43; A. E. Minnick, 5.00; G. B. Pittman, 5.55; D. W. Sherwood, 5.75; J. R. Shinn, 5.00; M. L. Wood, 5.24; S. F. Zussin, 5.10. Physical Education C. W. Mann, 5.00; J. Mihal, 5.15; J. C. Lyboult, 5.45. Seniors Agriculture D. V. Catron, 5.00; R. H. Chinn, 5.16; W. W. Clevenger, 6.16; H. C. Ci’ipe, 5.00; E. S. Cummins (For.), 5.33; R. B. Davis, 6.00; J. C. Dibble, 5.29; J. F. Garrott, 5.64; C. Lemasters (For.), 5.07; T. K. Parkison, 5.21; S. S. Shirk, 5.21; M. L. Underwood, 5.00; R. C. Ziegler, 5.09. Chemical Engineering J. W. Greiner, 5.38; R. Isenbarger,, 5.12; R. Lloyd, 5.02; C. A. Reichelderfer, 5.67; W. S. Reveal, 5.99; W. M. Steinfeldt, 5.00; R#F. Stevens, 5.53; R. W. Welborn, 5.00; H. F. Wiegandt, 5.25; R. C. Woener, 5.33. Civil Engineering J. A. Erickson, 6.00; H. F. Hill, 6.00; J. L. Waling, 5.83.
Electrical Engineering J. W. Askren, 5.00; M. D. Barrows, 5.26; J. F. Bell, 5.71; G. H. Kerber, 5.00; D. T. Lowery, 5.31; J. M. Sheadel, 5.71; H. F. Wells, 5.11; L. H. Wollenweber, 5.44; W. H. Wood, 5.68. Mechanical Engineering W. A. Alice, 5.23; V. W. Antucshko, 5.08; J. F. Azbell, 5.31; D. D. Baals, 6.18; R. S. Ball, 5.08; D. R. Bell, 5.49; S. E. Belsley, 503; J. E. Brock, 5.26; H. W. Cloud, 5.06; J. G. Conway, 5.44; E. N. Cox, 5.87; E. E. Criss, 5. 54; R. L. Eichhorn, 5.32. G. F. Fearheiley, 5.00; H. E. Grieger, 5.73; H. Hanke, 5.08; E. W. Heller, 5.61; R. F. Hurt, 5.07; W. G. Lautz, 5.32; R. P. McClamrock, 5.17; F. H. McLaughlin, 5.00; D. A. Morrison, 6.19; J. R. Murray, 5.53; W. C. Musham, 5.36; S. B. Paul, 5.30. G. Poehlmann, 5.03; K. M. Reik, 5.00; W. H. Reynolds, 5.15; C. L. Sadler, 5.03; R. L. Scott, 5.25; J. W. Small, 5.27; G. F. Springman, 5.29; J. Strait, 5.61; J. B. Pray, 5.42; R. W. Weist, 5.13; R. 0. Wickersham, 5.60; W. E. Wilhelm, 5.00; W. H. Winslow, 5.85. Public Service Engineering G. D. Cross, 5.79; J. W. Fredericks, 5.49; S. A. Wright, 5.00. Home Economics M. Louis, 5.00. Pharmacy C. Mailath, 5.62; J. W. Nelson, 5.14; G. H. Reiff, 5.03; I. H. Sdlkowitz, 5.16. Science B. S. Alfred, 6.1^ Helen Elizabeth Beko, 5.53; J). W. Chilvers, 5.83; E. W. Best^.03; J. A. James, 5.09, W. W. ^rnes, 5.00; L. F. Douglas, 5.97;\S. K. Hochstetler, 5.18; M. Jones, miST'ISx M. Kirkpatrick, 5.97; M. J. Light, 5.16. J. A. McClintock, 5.32; M. B. McEachron, 5.73; E. Novitski, 5.56; D. J. Rohyans, 5.00; H. M. Stine, 5.75; E. A. Thompson,, 5.35; J. E. Walker, 5.10.
PETER ANDERSON COMPANY
525 Alabama
" After You We Come First
55
Ph^ne 4048
\\ \