i il
k t b
y ,}/fv'i'
!,«<»♦ ’'■‘^^iW- !(]! ,‘- .’-ft/., t
, ,ff , <!
MERItY-GO-ROUND Applauds Charley Wilson Of G-E
EDITORIAL 1 Goes All Out For I More Entertainment
Established 1889
Another “P” On Bucket
Volume 56, No. 78
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, November 18, t943
Boilermakers To Battle Indiana For Title, ^Bucket^
Past Performances Forgotten; Number 11?
Miss Indiana Will Face Cremation Tonight
Pep Rally Will Begin In Front Of Union Building At 7:30 P. M.
With thoughts on the campus centered around the coming tilt with the Indiana eleven, plans have been completed for a spirited pep rally, designed to give our Boilermaker Squad a hearty send-off. The rally will start in front of the Union at
7:30 tonight.
A1 Stewart, director of the University musical organizations, will coordinate the program, which is to include music by the band, action
Alumnus In Naval Air Corps Receives Award For Heroism
Educators Probe Delinquency Cases Representatives of more than a score of state agencies met here Tuesday, sponsored by the department of education and applied psychology, to discuss plans for cooperation on the juvenile delinquency problem. A “steering committee” of six members was formed to plan activities for future meetings of the
Student Senate Discussion Group Holds Elections Will Meet Today
November 25
Lieutenant (j.g.) William James Slone, graduate of the University
in 1941, of the Naval Air Corps has group.
been awarded the Distinguished The members of the steering com-
by the cheerleaders, and will be cli- Flying Cross for his gallantry and mittee, which will meet at the Unimaxed by the traditional cremation excellence in air fighting in the versity on DecembeV 5, are Dr. E. of “Miss Indiana.” South Pacific theater. Lt. Slone has Millard Dill, superintendent of the The effigy was prepared ui^der the participated in 23 combat missions bqys’ school, Plainfield; M. C. Dardirection of the Gold Peppers; ap- in that area. nell, superintendent of schools, propriately. Skull and Crescent pro- According to the War Depart- Crawfordsville; Mrs. Oscar Ahlvided the coffin. “She” will be on ment, the DEC is awarded to one Whiting, president of the display in Great Hall of the Union ^ho “distinguishes himself by hero- Federation of Women’s Clubs; all day today. jgjyj qj. extraordinary achievement Tiouis E. Evans, Indiana UniverThe significance of the numerals while participating in an aerial Rolhn S. Weesner, Hammond, 11, to be seen tacked on trees and fight.” director qf child welfare in the pubposts about the campus, is to denote t q, • -i schools, and J. V. Maier, Muncie, the forthcoming Riveter victory pilot of a Grumman president of the Indiana Council on over Indiana. This jinx, together venger torpedo plane. Before he and Delinquency, with the traditional “death by fire” ® I'* ® e d of action he took part their first meeting the steer-
in the battle of Munda, which was committee will lay plans for his last combat flight. At the pres- ^^^ther meeting of the larger group ent he is training with a newly ^ state-wide conference
formed squadron which is being in stituted in southern California.
Reamer Club
. . . announces the initiation of S. S. Cerreto, R. J. Reed, A. H. Lindskoog, R. G. Armstrong, M. J. Schocken, K. R. Scudder, F. Ward,
R. L. Hoff and W. S. Keller.
on juvenile delinquency. Dr. Clifford R. Shaw, department head of social science at the Institute for Juvenile Research in the Illinois State Department of Public Welfare, declared in Tuesday’s meeting that delinquency is a form of social behavior, and is not indicative of the pathology inherent in the
individual.
planned for “Miss Indiana,” bode ill for the present defenders of the Old Oaken Bucket. Bottum Speaks At Agronomist Conference Monday afternoon agricultural economist Prof. Carrol Bottum of the agricultural economy departmeht spoke before a group of agronomists in Agricultural Hall. His subject was “Looking Forward in Crop Production Through the Eyes of the Agricultural Econo-
mist.”
Prof. Bottum reviewed the cycle of farm production since World War I and showed its relevance to the farni situation now and in the future. He told of how it was in the last war with the emphasis on production and how it was after the war with the emphasis moving to-
ward growing food at the cheapest other University staff mem- teacher licensing, gave readings
Beat Indiana!
Farm Bureau Hears. Dean Women s Club Gives
H. J. Reed Speak Tuesday jea For 250 Guests Cattlemen Plan To Hold Meeting
Fall Meeting Tomorrow Evening
The Student Senate will hold elections for representatives from the various schools and branches of the service Wednesday, November 25. Several of the schools have been combined in their representation. Instead of one representative from the combination of agriculture and forestry schools, and one from the pharmacy or physical education schools, these four schools are now combined to elect one sophomore representative and one junior representative. Representation from the various schools is as follows: Sophomore members of the Senate are composed of one from each of the engineering schools, one each from the science and home economics schools, and one from the combination of agriculture, forestzy, pharmacy and physical education
schools.
Juniors will elect one representative each from the schools of home economics, science, chemical and metallurgical engineering combined; one each from mechanical engineering, electrical engineering and civil engineering schools, and one fi’om the combined agriculture, forestry, physical education and
phai-macy schools.
Service men are now eligible to become officers in the Se^^ate. Civilian students and service men interested in the work of the Senate, the campus representative body, should petition to become candidates. Petitions can be obtained for one dollar in the Student SenaTe office, ^’oom 360 of the Union, after 4 p. nr. Thursday. Each petition must be signed by 50 students.
Service men who have felt definite need for a service men’s and civilians’ discussion group are starting the COG (Cui’rent Opinions Group) which will be the first group of its kind on any service post. Today, at the Wesley Foundation, the opportunity wjll be given for the civilians and the service men to reach an understanding on national and'local issues. The first meeting will be held at 5:30 p. m. and Prof. F. R. Hall of the history and economics department, authority on the subject of the post-war world, will be the guest speaker. After the regular business, the remainder of the meeting will be devoted to actual discussion from the floor. Permanent officers for the group will be elected near the close of the meeting and also future topics for discussion will be selected by the program committee. Both civilians and service men are eligible to serve on this committee. Complete freedom of discussion is promised, and it is hoped that those who disagree will voice their opinions. The COG aims to encourage the expression of sincere opinions on controversial subjects and the organization will not limit itself to any single topic. It is hoped that future meetings will be devoted to those subjects that interest service men and civil-
ians most.
The Current Opinions Group seeks to encourage informal discussions by supplying the place, invitii^g large numbers and adding the directive influence of well-informed
speakers. '
Pan-American Club
Dick Barwegen
By Irwin Steinberg In its final attempt to finish the 1943 football season undefeated and untied, the Boilermakers will face Indiana’s twice beaten eleven Saturday at 1:30 in Memorial Stadium, Bloomington. A capacity crowd of 25,000 is expected to witness the forty-sixth clash between the two arch rivals. In five conference games thus far, the Boilermakers have toppled Illinois, Ohio State, Iowa, Wisconsin and Minnesota. Although Indiana’s record is not qute as impressive, the Hoosiers have been improving steadily during the season and are a definite threat to the high-flying Riveters. After tying Miami U., 7-7, in their opening game, the Cream and Crimson were defeated by Northwestern’s powerful Wildcats in the first confer-
ence game.
The Hoosiers than swamped Wabash and Nebraska in non-confer-ence games, tied Iowa and defeated Wisconsin in Big Ten encounters. Following its victory over the Badgers, Indiana pulled a close one out of the fire by defeating Ohio State in the closing minutes of a hectic battle. In a game with Michigan, the Hoosiers were overcome, 23-6. Last week, with several of its starters resting for this Saturday’s game. Great Lakes toppled the
Cream and Crimson, 21-7.
Hoernschemeyer’s Passing Great The passing of its brilliant young freshman, Bob Hoernschemeyer, es-
Discussing “The Farm of Tomorrow, Dean Harry J. Reed of the agriculture school was one of the principal speakers at the annual meeting of the Indiana Farm Bureau yesterday in Indianapolis. Sev-
More than 250 guests weie entertained at the fall guest tea of the University Women’s Club Tuesday in the Home Economics Building. Dr. Geoige E. Davis, (Jirector of
cost even if production slipped off. He said it would be similar after this war and that the farmer should look forward to meet the situation.
Prices Won’t Drop
He predicted that prices wouldn’t drop off immediately after the war, but on the contrary would rise to some extent with the relaxing of rationing. This will continue for at /least two crops in Europe, when by that time we will not be exporting food at the rate we aie at the pi'es-
ent time.
After his speech he brought up for discussion the problem of pasture land vs. hgy rotation land. AWS To Hold Elections In Great Hall Of Union AWS elections will be held in the Great Hall of the Union Tuesday. The desk will be open from 10 to 5. In order to vote each coed must present her passpoi’t. Officers elected will hold office for this semester
only.
Nominating committee has submitted the following girls as candidates for offices: Beth Ludberg, Nelda Reed, president; Pat Patterson, Virginia Warren, secretary; Judy Jones, Martha McCulloch, treasurer; Mary Jane Doll, Betty Murphy, junior representative; Katie Bird, Peg Luehrs, Barbara Sanders, Marion Swanstrom, sophomore representative; Peg Billings, Lucy Goetz, June Hanson, Carol Lofquist, freshman representative. Doctor J. R. Eaton . . . assistant Dean of Electrical Engineering School, will speak in the Indiana Bell Telephone auditorium at 8 p. m. Friday, November 19. “Electrical Grounds” will be his subject.
bers were guests at a dinner farm leaders held that evening.
for
fiom Riley’s works and' E. W.
Frank, tenor, sang.
Grade Barrie Will Play At Saturday Night Mixer
This Saturday’s UnioTi dance will be something very different from the usual 9 to 12 affair. There are two principal reasons for the expected change. Number one is that stags, who heretofore were not permitted to enter that sacred land of twosomes when a name band played, will be allowed to roam the ballroom unmolested throughout the evening. Secondly, the name band will be led by a girl that gave up a stage career at its height to wield a baton. She is Gracie Barrie, star of many Broadway musical comedies and revues. Fourteen-Piece Orchestra Although her 14-piece orchestra is relatively new. Miss Barrie has already appeai'ed at the Blackhawk in Chicago and the Meadowbrook Counti’y Club in New Jersey. She comes here direct from an engagement at the Palace theater, Columbus, 0. Exactly why a successful Broadway star would forsake one career for another is still something of a mystery to the inhabitants of the Great White Way. Perhaps it was the influence of her husband, Dick Stubile. Although he is now in the Navy, Stubile was himself once a band leader. Gracie might have decided to carry on in his place. At 16, Miss Bairie had established herself on the “big time” when she co-starred with Jimmy Durante, Lupe Velez and Hal Le
Gracie Barrie
. . . She shoots the eight-beat to you at a freightening rate. Roy in the musical “Strike Me Pink.” After a part in the movie “Footlight Paiade” with Dick Powell, she returned to New Yoik to appear .with Rudy Vallee and Eugene and Willard Howard in George White’s “Scandals.” Followed two more successes, “The Show Is On,” with Beatrice Lille, and “Crazy with the Heat” with the afoiementioned Willie Howard and Luella Gear. Admission will be by passport or social recreation card.
Annual fall meeting of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association will be held tomorrow in the livestock judging pavilion of the University at 10:30 a. m. The program will be chiefly concerned with adjustments in the cattle business due to government legulations and price ceilings. President Paul Thompson of Clinton, having been in close contact with government officials and the War Meat Board, will report on these contacts. The effect of pi ice ceilings on the livestock industry will be discussed by one of the best infoimed livestock economists in the country, H. M. Conway, who is market analyst for the National Livestock Producer. In addition, Scott Meiks, manager of the Indianapolis Producers’ Commission Association, will speak on the present pioblem facing the livestock markets; he will also explain how the markets are operating under war time regulations. The annual winter steer feeding trial, which begins tomorrow, includes 70 choice yearling steers now in the feed lot. Maude Sheerer Gives Program \ Maude Sheerer of New York City will be the guest of the University Club at its second meeting in Eliza Fowler Hall Monday at 8 p. m. She will present a program entitled “Highlights of Broadway.” Known as the “one woman theater,” Maude Sheerer can create an illusion of an entire cast on the stage by manipulations of her voice. She will offer cuttings from the current 'Broadway successes, “Harriette,” “Angel Street,” “Oklahoma,” together with shoit scenes fiom other productions. Each University Club member and a guest will be admitted by membership or guest card.
A meeting of the Pan-American Club will be held tomorrow evening at 7:30 in room 363 of the Union. The main purpose of the meeting is to enable new members to become
better acquainted.
The informal program will include music, dancing and speaking. One of the main features of the evening will be Captain Walter Watt of the Chilean army who will play
the piano.
The Pan-American Club is organized for those who are intei csted in studying the cultures of the LatinAmerican countries. It is composed of townspeople and students who wish to learn moie about these countiies as well as students fiom Latin America.
DICK BARWEGEN
. . . has been named as game cap
tain for the Indiana game. One of tablishes the'Hoosiers as'^constant the few civilians on the Riveter Overland threat, and although the squad, Dick played in the recent all- Riveters possess the best pass destar game, and was picked as the fgnse in the Big Ten, Hoemschemost promising guard in the West- regarded ern Conference last season. most dangerous obstacle in if • t i ■ » path of an undefeated season.
R. Kr!6DGlr Bioloofstr ipated in the college All-Star game last August, and Jim Allerdice, a halfback and brother of Princeton’s
u jij star of several years ago, Dave Al-
Ralph M. Kriebel has been added , , , . , .
. 1.0* J* 4.1. TT * ’4. A * IGlCtlC©^ Will cilsO 06cll*
to the staft of the University Agri- , ^ ^ ^ cultural Extension Seivice. Kriebel virtue of its superior record, is a native of Hereford, Pa., and Boilermakers have been estabattended Mechlenbuig College and Wished as decided favorites for the^ Columbia University. He has ti^i^litional battle. However, in a taught in schools at Kentland and with rivals, such as the RivetBedford, where he later associated Hoosiers, past records mean with the conservation seivice. little or nothing, and the setting is „ . , , , . 1 - , .... . just light for an upset by Bo Mc-
Kriebel, a biologist specializing in
Joins Unsversify Sfafff
the botany of grasses, will work on the soil conservation program. Penalty Days Hy special action of the Executive Committee there are three penalty dates during the week of Thanksgiving. They are Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, November 24, 25 and 26, respectively. Any student who is absent from a regular jneeting of a class on any of the above mentioned days will be assessed an extra fee of $5.00 for each day or fraction thereof missed. —DEAN op MEN.
Brigadier General Hersliey lo Discuss National Selective Service Problems
“National Selective Service Cooperative Study and Proposed Action” will be discussed by Brigadier General Lewis Hershey, director of the selective service system, when he addresses the tenth annual Guidance Conference tomorrow in the Music Hall, according to Prof. H. H. Remmers, conference director. A. C. Senour, superintendent of school at East Chicago, will preside over the early afternoon program in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. Lt. Col. Marion W. Richardson, of the personnel research and occupational analysis section, who will take up the vocational significance of the soldier’s army experience, and Dr. Floyd W. Reeves, professor of education at the Univeisity of Chicago, will be the speakers. The conference will open tomorrow morning with a panel discussion on VThe High School and the Agricultural Manpower Shortage,” and an explanation of a student viewpoint by two recent high school graduates, Pat Bauer and Kent
Jones. Discussion leaders will include thiee membeis of the division of education and applied psychology depaitment. Dr. F. B. Knight; B. L. Dodds and J. R. Leevy, along with H. B. Allman, superintendent of schools at Muncie. Prof. Lloyd Allen Cook of Ohio State Univeisity, will speak Friday night on “How Society Process^ Children” and will open Saturday morning’s session with an addiess on “Education for Community Unity.” A discussion of education and guidance of high school youth m non-industiial communities will be given by Di. Reeves, and Pi of. K. Laik-IIorovitz, head of the physics department, will speak on “Science in the Schools of Tomorrow” in the final piogram Saturday, ’fhe twoday conference is expected to attract an attendance of around 300 secondaiy school administratois and guidance directors.
Millin’s boys.
Barwegen Captains Riveters Dick Barwegen, brilliant Boilermaker left guard, has been nominated by Coach Elmer Burnham to serve as acting captain for his team in Saturday’s game. Burnham has been drilling the Riveters in speed and deception and indicated that the team may counter Indiana’s aerial offensive with one of their own. Sam Vacanti, quarteiback and ace passer of the Boilermakers, has been doing the bulk of the hurling,*With most of his heaves aimed at Joe Buscemi and Frank Bauman, a pair of cagy-
pawed wingmen.
PI A Will Sponsor Dancing Classes Beginner’s dance class, ysponsored by PIA, will be held for a ten weeks’ period beginning Monday, November 29. The classes will be conducted by Mr. Pearl Allen, in person, each Monday afternoon from 4 to 5:15 in both faculty lounges in the Union. Afternoon classes are being held in order that service men will be able to attend. The fee for men who are PIA members is $2.50; for non-members it is $3.00. Girls who are members will be admitted free, but non-mem-bers will be chaiged $1.00. Prof. M.G. Mellon To Speak At AlChE Meeting Tonight Pi of. M. G. Mellon of the chemistiy department will speak before the monthly meeting of the American Chemical Society, the University division, at 7:30 tonight in themain lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. “Chemistry Curves and Colois” is the title of his talk, which' deals with the measurement and desciiption of color.*
Purdue Exponent combined with Purdue Independent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Piione 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor Business Mnnajr^r News Editor Marmeinf; Editor Sports Editors
Ellia Murphy Mary Dilts William H Tyson Carol\n Wilbur Ra>mond J Smith, Russell M Lipcs
Pubhcation Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors Jack Abbott Ruth M Ford, Madelyn A (sTf tne*^ Inmts F Richirdson Mait^ar t \ SttlUs Jame ^ckiiman 1 r ink \i.}sh SerMce Staff A'lorri'? Bettor G ibriel Elns I go Friedman JacI Martiro Jav Newman
Business Staff
Advcrlismc Manaecr C L Gaunt Assistant Advcrtiainff Aianager Betty Maney Circulation Manager R G Sauerman
Staff For This Issue Nifrhl Editor Abbott Day Editor Richardson C i!' Editor Ford Issue Editor Gcorgeson Sports Editor B Garber ReporterK Brttk I^tdcici I lias F Ritbaidson \\ S^tin Sc\trn B Gicfforv R Giogoiy l^hi man P ii l<-\ liilhnss Goetz Fiiend lewis Loi Rosenberj, Utimn i ( il 1 St inbcrjs Wn^ht Staff Photographer W C Tolber
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the ‘Special rate of postage provided for in sectior 1103 act of Ocoler i 1917 authorised January 20 1922 Published on Tuesdax Thursday and Saturday mornings dur in^ tht ycai except certain vacation periods Delivered daily hv carrur for for a s{m<btcr by mail for $160 for a stmLsur Sub crivtions may bc'-obtamed at the Exponent office or at the W st De-^k of ^he Uni>n Represf-rted for i ational advertising by National Advertis ing Servicf Inc College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avo New York N Y
WAA Takes A Hand
At Entertainment. . .
The\ seemed to like the idea of having the WAA ofhee tiansfoimed into a lounge and caid loom Caid games, mostly bridge, weie going stiong thioughout the e\ening A large gioup spent the houi fiom 8 to 9 in the swimming pool The swimming was tun, even though I’egulation tank suits weie a requirement Girls spent the e^ inning demonstiating to the fellows -lej couiH play volleyball, badminton and pxng pong as well as then male paitneis Theie was dancing the entire evening be^nnd the laige cuitam at the porth end of the g^m The mu^-ic could be heaid and the lec01 ds were up-to-date ft was with leluctance that Sportswomen locked the doois on this highly successful Mi\ed Recieation Tomoiiow night, the second piogiam of Its type will be held in the gjm, -with some added leatures in the foim of lelieshments and a half houi of squaie dancing The Unn ei sit> is in need of more enteitainment Sportswomen should be complimented on seeing their lesponsibility in fuithermg social organizations on the campus —c ] w
Hanging I. U.
In Effigy . . .
Tonight will be the night foi the Pep Rall> beloie the big game of the yeai Theie has always been a tiaditional iivaliv between Puiduc and Indiana This yeai prospects ioi deieating I U aie better than they have ever been in the past 01 couise, many who have been on the campus will lemembei the past pep sessions Foi instance, e\ei3''one piobably will lemembei the cremation of Miss Indiana that took place down on the levee the night befoi e the game last year Already the school spiiit down at I U has been lalhei high In lact, many people down there are oI the opinion that I U wull beat I he lioik 1 rnakei this 3 ear 111 spite ol the good Kcoid the team has made loi themselves 'I(might we want to show them that we have as mu(h, li not more, ‘•chool spirit than they hace pue to aimy and navy regulations and hor(mt3 1 uhh a lot ol people who otherwise would ha\e attended the pep lalp'^ will not be then Theieloie it is up to all those who are II (( to go to attend and make rt a really brg pep x.sa(jn—Ijv
V«ISHMfiTOH
«•, u i P.l oil
MERRT-liO-ROUHP
GRIN ANiPflei%flfr
By,ki^ Personnel Notes
• y ORIW^l^EARSOkl"""'
Wilson Resigns Because Army Interferes; Duchess of Windsor Avoids Talk Of Murder Case WASHINGTON—Some outside businessmen cominfir into the wai soveinment have done A 1 jobs, some have been medium, some have been complete washouts Most outstanding achievement is probably that of Charles E Wilson, piesident ot General Electric and production wizard of the War ProduCtron Board It any nran deserves credit for the stupendous an plane pioduction miracle of around 100,000 planes
a year, it is Charley Wilson
Now, he IS leaving the government There are several reasons why One climaxing reason was Wilson’s recent visit to Dallas, Texas, to speed up lagging pro duction of the North American Aviation bomber plant When he armed, James Kmdelbeigei, president of Noith American, took him up a high elevation where he could get a bud’s eye view ot the great plant “One of the best exhibits of statuai y I’ve ever seen,”
said Wilson
“What do jou mean'”’ asked Kindelberger “There’s nobody moving,” replied Wilson “They’re statues No, wait a minute There’s someone lifting
his hand ”
North American had planned to add 9,000 more men by Januaiy 1, but Wilson intruded a flat veto He said that the plant was wasting powei, wasn’t using what it had, and gave orders for economies which would save labor and speed up production He also took Dallas out of the category of No 1 war area, which meant that other industries could come in and compete with North American lor labor Then Wilson took a plane back to Washington
“Now, Son, I’m going to give you some good advice . . . some day you’ll wish 3’ou had taken it it’s the same advice I wish I had taken when my father gave it to me.”
Last Fi iday night a group of Sportswomen anxiously awaited the large hands of Heavilon clock to leach 7 30 and stiike out the familiar “bong, bong” To the gals in this sports honoiaiy, 7 30 announced the beginning of Mixed Recieation foi the new semester, only this time, a new streamlined veision of the not outstanding Mixed Recieations piogiams of the past Spoitswomen had noticed the need foi more campus entertainment and so “taking the bull by the hoi ns” they went to work to do what they could to fill in part of this social gap Friday night a nei\ous excitement was present among the oiganizeis They were W’ondering if the students would turn out for the e\ent and would the turn-out be giatifying The students did come ovei to the gym about two bundled of them They had a good time, too
When he got buck, the A.imy went over his head, telephoned Dallas and reveised his instiuctions Thus North American, instead ol saving labor, could get those 9 000 moi e nren North American was, loo smart to accept the Army’s re\ersal, but this was the crowning climax lor Wilson Shortly thereafter, he submitted liis icsignation ^Air Secretary^ For months, Wilson had battled the Aimy on simi lar matters Constantly, the brass hats asked him to speed production but lelused to give him authority Army’s latest drive was to put Wilson in uniform They offered him the rank of lieutenant general m charge ol an plane production Ihis would put him on a par with General Bill Kniidsen, whom the Army also swallowed Beinie Befruch and Justice Byrnes even talked of making Wilson “Secretary of Aviation’ This, howe\ei, would place him under the Aimy and he has consistently argued that, once he was under Army orders, he would have no more independence than any othei brass hat So up until last week, Wilson kept on needling the Army bothering factory managers, boosting prodirctron His latest campaign was to decrease costs by abolishing the cost plus contiact But this seems to be the last thing the Aimy and Navy want Finally, lack ot authoutj, plus Wilson’s desire to get back to private business, culminated in last week’s resignation 33 hen it came, Justice Byrnes phoned him ‘Charlie, >ou can’t do this,” he pleaded “Nelson can’t accept joui resignation Onh the Piesident can do it ” But 3Vilson demuned You just teai that up,” urged Bjrnes “You’ve got to w dit until the President can consider it ” Howevei, it looks as it the government has lost one ot its best men
Companies scheduled to visit the damjEmsr ’ ' Blieli Oil €o„ Inc , Tulsa, Okla — Thursday, November 18. Interested in C. E , Ch. E , Met E , M E ,
E. B.
The Texas Co., New York, N. Y — Friday, November 19 Interested in Ch E, M E, B S chemists (male and female), M S , Ph D chemists (organic, physical). Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation, San Diego, Cal —Friday, November 19 Interested m C. E., M E , A. E , E E. Carbide & Carbon Chemicals Corpwataon, S Charleston, W Va — Monday, November 22 Interested in Oh E , M. E , M E. Carrier Corporation, Syiacilse, N Y.—^Friday, Ndvembei 19 Interested m M E ' York Corporation, York, Pa — Date to be announced. Interested m ME, Gh,E, PS.E Fairbanks, Morse & Co., Beloit, Wisconsin—Date to be announced Interested in M E , E E Garfield Division of HogdailleHershey Corporation, Decatur, 111 —Date to be announced Interested m Ch E , Met E RCA, Camden, N J —December 4 —Interested in EE, ME, physicists, P S E , Chemists (B S , MS, Ph D ), Ch E The Carter Oil Company, Tulsa, Okla—December 9 Interested m EE, CE, ChE, ME, chemists (B S , M S , Ph D )
Wright Field Asks 1 r r Z T* 1 Coeds To Become
Engineering Aides
Women’s Placement Service announces that the War Department IS asking for young women to train for civilian positrons as engineering aides for the aircraft radio laboratory at Wright Field, Daythn, 0 Women accepted for the aircraft radio training Will be paid $147 d month while training at the University Tuition is paid by the U S Government, and the only expense will be textbooks totaling about $20 Travel to Wright Field, upon satisfactory completion of the course, is at the expense of the government At Wright Field, the cadette's salary will be indieased to $167 a month They will work with civilian and military personnel in the leseaich, development and testing of airborne radio equipment Qualifications for the couise, which will begin December 13, 1943, are a year of college or equivalent training plus high school mathematics Gills 18 to 35 years, either single or married, may apply Those interested should call the Placement Service for Women, 2996, for further information and interviews
9 00 A M 12 00 noon 4 00 P M 7 00 P M 8 JOP M
All Day 9 00 A M 7 OOP M 8 00 PM 8 00 P M
10 00 A M 9 00 AM 9 00 P M
Thursday, November 18 Pan Hellenic Group Room 212, Union Women’s Pan Hellenic Room 263, Union Committee on State of University Room 263, Union American Chemical Society Room 211, Coulter Hall Pan-Hellenic Council W Faculty Lge , Union Pan Hellenic Rush Room 261, Union Friday, November 19 Indiana Cattle Feeders Association Purdue Farm Guidance Conference E Faculty Lge , Union Service Show (service men only) Hall of Music Indiana Statewide Elec Conf E Faculty Lge , Union Pan-American Club W Faculty Lge , Union Saturday, November 20 Indiana Council of Teachers’ Unions Room 263, Union Guidance Conference E & W Faculty Lges , Union Dances Both Ballrooms, Union
WBAA Schedule
10 30 10 46 11 00
11 U
11 50 11 o6 12 00 12 30 12 1 00
1 hurisda3 —Pi iday — Ntws News Smile lime—Smik limo Federated Clubs Newspipor Majrn /itie Aiticlcs — Moining Matinee—Newspapci Ma,;a zinc Artielcs —Pill due News Pill duo Nexxs —Ne3\a News Paim 1 oium Paim Poium —Meet the Band Meet the Bind News News Homcmakcis Club Hamemakcis Club —Music—Music Science Review—Music M irkets—Maikets -News— News Storx u Daj Stoiy a Day —The Apothecary in »sin> Pa rade
1 301 DO
S 30
Duchess Dislikes Murder
The Duchess of Windsoi, in the U S A during the Maiigny Sii Harry Oakes trial, walked into one of Washington s largest hotels completely unnoticed and diopped in on her giilhood friend Evie Robert Evie offered her a chink ‘I must have a biscuit” declined Wallis ‘Just a biscuit IS all ” 1 \ le fished some saltines out of air old can which once contained mothballs, offered them to the Duchess and then sat dorr n, expecting to hear the latest on the Oakes muidei trial Before she could saj a rvord, horvever, Jhe Duchess sighed “What a relief,” she said, ‘to be some place where nothing IS said about miirdei ” lhat ended the matter lire trro talked about old times and—men
Notices
8 45 8 5')- ‘) 009 30
Code Instruction Cla^. e in 3e;,inners Sicondaiy (6 12 W P M ) and Advanced 112 W P M ) Cole Insti letion aie being oiLiniztd Sections will meet two (2) hours pel weeks Monday through hi iday at 4 mil > p m Cl isses will bigm Monday Novtm bti 15 ind will continue Joi a ptiiod ot si's (0) weeks Sign up in the Supplj Room m the Aimory ]iior t( Ip m No3<mb 15 Non mihtai'y students iic wekom -HCSTERBERG
Tieasuie Chest—Music -News—News -Symphony Hall—-Aftirnoon Melodies —Symphony Hall Music —Musical Varieties Neivs—News Tea lime Tunes—Ten lime 'limes “Just Relax-Just Relax -News News Little Miss Muffett—I ittle Miss Muf fett -Doiee Martin singer— Music - Vespeis Vcspcib - Music—Music -Minute of Prayer Minute of Prayci Dinnci Houi Dinner Hour Nc 33 S'—Ne3vs -Chinese Stoius—Chinese Stories Btyond Victory What’—Memories of the Masters Music Memoiies of the Masteis Report to the People—Today s China -News—News -The Bookman WBAA Barn Dance -Music WBAA Barn Dance From the Picss Box lod Grant Gets the Stoiy Lventidf Echois Eventide Echoes -News—News -Musieana—-Musjcana The Roid to I eai —Nothing But S3vinR News Nt3vs Oft the An - Off the Air
These companies aie not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they aie inteiested in students foi employment Taylor Instrument Companies, Rochestei, N Y—^Inteiested in Mel E , M E , Physicists, Chemists (MS, PhD ) Corning Glass Works, Coining, N Y —Inteiested m M E , Ch E Sign by Novembei 24 Socony'•Vacuum Oil Companj, New Yoik—Inteiested in EE, geophysicists, geologists Sign by Novembei 30 The B r Godnch Co, Ala on, 0 Inteiested in time study engineeis Sign by Novembei 24 Ashland Oil & Kefining Company, Ashland, Kentucky—Inteiested in Ch E , ME, chemists Sign by Novembei 27 Libby, McNe II & Libby, Chicago, 111 —Inteiested in M E Sign by Novembei 24
Victor's Prize
posbession of the Old Oaken Bucket will go to the winner of Saturday’s Puidue-Indiana giidiion battle
Satui 10 40
11 00 11 1 > 11 SO
Crew Members of Pursuit of Happiness Mietinjr ehanpred from Tiiesd ly to Mondaj Novembii 22 at 4 p m in Fowki Hill STERNBERG
12 00 12 1> 12 iy
1 00 1 40
Chem rngineers and Chemists At Iht Novembd me>ctinjr Gail Minei will speak of Chemical Patents Be theie —GRFFN
dav
-Ne\V!> -Smik Time ♦ -Moininjf Matinoo Sifety PioKiam Musk New-, Musk Meet thi Band •M 111 ets News Radio Stajri Muehint U Victor News PiadiK vs Indiana lootbill Gar Ni ws Little Miss Muffett Music Co To Chinch Sunday Music
-Minute of Prayer -Dmnei Houi -News —Navj Music -Home Defense -Music -Netherlands Radio New News Music Hasten the Day -Eventide Pchoes -News
Anythmtc But Swintj -Ne3vs OBP THE AIR
Buy War Boitds And Stamps
Crew Heads MietniK Thursday Novem her 18 it 4 1 m in Fowlei Hall blERNBERG
Independent Students PIA office is opO e3eiy afternoon fiom 4 to j p m loi thus who wish to pioeuK membciships
PI RirIr
All StudcntiH: Student Hook Lxchan^t will rttiirn ill mono nnd hooks on riiuisday Irom 1 t( 5 p m ind 1 nd ly fi jm 1 to 1 m in room 2 T of the Union
- GANNON
Lutherans S3vimminif dancinp: pinj, ])onu shuftkhoud ind other ^amis will be puitieipated in il you can comt t) oui lally it the Womens C ym End o Novim b( i 1) it 30 Come 3vith ill voui liiend
WPNDFI I
Dolphin Mutiny: I V emb( 1 2 4 it 0 16 i I leldhous PI ins loi Ik i will he di i ussid
u tivia Fuisd V N in loom 101 ot the >h >w ind t >1 null i
MURPHY
Phi Kappa Tau Meeting Mondaj Novtm ) (1 22 U ( 40 p ni n Fxponent ortie
MURPHY
it the
lieci ]
liu t
Unneisitj Pieshytei >lp ned ntil tli ii Il Indiuii Per Sis‘
NORDI INGI R
Chuieh has Miiy Pud i>
Brifish-American Sacrifices When Maine’s hard hitting Senatoi Brewster vas in London recently, lie had a delightful visit with the King and Queen of England duiing which Queen Eliz aoeth leiiiarked on the hardships of the war and how evciyone hoped it might be over soon “Just think,” she added, “some of our boys have not been home for four years ” “I tan understand that perfectly,” replied Senator Biewster “We haren’t been in the war quite so long, but my boy hasn’t been back to his home in Maine
toi three years ”
Ihe Queen expressed sui prise at this and asked the Senator vaiious questions about joung Brewster, now
a captain in Noi th Africa or Italj Halifax On Poland
ijl itlSh AmbclSSfldoi Loi cl HclllIclX Ib telling the stoiy rlmtud fui U m now rndiv Novembei IJ
of the quiz he got fiom a gioiip of Biltfsh lommies
duiing his iceent Msif to England
Halifax picked uji five soldieis who were walking to town 3vhen they got into the Ambassador’s car, one of them noticed the name ‘ Halifax” with his fam ilv shield somewheie in the fuinishings of the car Good Loi d said the soldier “Is it Lord Halifax ’ ” “Yes,” returned the Ambassadoi, “but it is not as
bad as a)! that ”
1 he soldiei s leaped at the chance to question the Ambassador about a wide range ot things They w anted to know what would be the trontiei ol Poland, in r lew ot British pledges to pi esei ve I'oland’s territorial integrity, .ind Russia’s insistence on having a laree
slice ot that counti j
When Halifax lelated this stoiy in Washington, he was piomptlj asked what leply he gave to the soldiers He said, “I told them we had bettei be patient and
see how things woi k out ”
NOTE This is being inteipieted as a tip oft that „ . .
Biitish policy will be modified in favor of Russian t’Z.ucf on th" «nl^;rar:^n‘v^.l
demands Obviously, if the Biitish wait patiently to TnVn.fs,?".
see how things woik out, the inlcgiity ol Poland will >>' plimiuci niANKS not he maintained at t p m Satur (Copyright, 1<J4J, bj United Feature Syndicate, Int ) ohnson
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Main Lafayette Phone 7917
LEARN TO DANCE ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS Wed., Dec. 1, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED CtASS Thurs., Dec. 2, 7:30 P. M. Adult Tap Classes Precede Ballroom Classes CHILDREN'S CLASSES DEC 4th
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
Internatjonal Relations Club 11k mtel in,-, of lutsflij Lvinine NovLinhii 24 will hav is Us (lieissun 1 itki Di St n jl the histuiv depuitmeit 1 he mteiiny: btiins it 7 40 in Ihi lounjct ol Iht University HushiUiian Chinch CAKRI 11
Kappu Siyrin i Npvembei i8 it
Union
Chupki met tiny: Ihmsflay 7 p m in room 241 ol tin
KI NNEDY
WAA Uifttiv 1 wii G seheilultd 1 1 I 30 p m
I Is iu (I Scuth Hill Wai ti 1 at p m
AI I 1 N
Kappu Delta P hrinj. to (ft let luesdaj of next
All thost who owt mt n y n T diK ttion liuiidint. by week ANDRLW
ARC
TODAY THRU
SATURCj
AY
"STRICTLY IN THE GROOVE" — with — LEON ERROL MARTHA TILTON FRANKLIN PANGBORN
—- and — DON "RED" BARRY
SiBm I Alpha Lpsiloii Mctlinj, (o ht held in th 01(1 (h strut Ro m cf ti< Umoii Iu (lav it I III Ihasi la iiompt
)ONr S
All Students 1 ht SI who hive not rt Hived thdi Auaubt 191! Dtbris phase (a f 1 >oui tjpy it once NLUfaL
'SUNDOWN KID' ALSO --
— Plus —■ LATEST PATHE WEWS
um/em
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
Dinners Today End Rush Week Pledging
Climaxing the rush activities of the various soioiities on the campus will be the preference dinners given today Invitations foi this function may be obtained in the Pan Hellentc office between the hours ot 9 a m and 1 p m Pinal rush week pledging will take place any tune alter 4 p m tomoiiow Bids to pledge will be given out from 9 a m to 1 p nr
Classified Ads
Waites Waated—Apply to Ro'ienbauni
724
I ost—Gold and black Pari ci with name T FiliLri RiUnhinyh with icwnrd Rhpnt
Lost—I oy: T Vtctoi Slide Ruk Name in ink—Schoontvei Phone {I7)T
Money to Loan—On diamonds watcTus yimb liiKyaye typLwiitcis Albeits Lottii Office 40 Columbi i
Typewriters—Addiny machines all makes s Id lentid itpaiicd and puichafacd Mimeoyruph woik done G P Dbdshoft fOfi Main 1 ifayetU Phono .779
Lost—Blown and silver Paikcr 51 marked Geoiyc M Watl lOH Waldion Rewaid Phone 2362
LUNA
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. *’6ET GOiN’ KILLER!” Red Cleans Up the Range!
— PLUS-
BRUCE KELLOGG JEANE PARKER LARRY PARKS
'DEER SLAYER'
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW
THE PICTURE THAT GIVES Ynu
im$.
^ Hctrrjng SUSAN HERBERT
MARV
PflEllS-MIlRSiLl-mi
«»<. ELLIOTT REID • RICHARD CAIILSON
ALLYN JOSLYNa 1
“'‘V
News
fhr Service Jffen, By Service Men
%»
rizes 17 New ^Wows Men
in^s For Enlisted
Designed To Aid Better
Men
T0 Keep Quarters
^ D* ^ ' i /■><’
Identification Of Personnel
I . ^
Navy has authorized 17 new ratings and many new sub
er grades of this branch. Previously, the artificer equavilents of Seaman, Second Class; Seaman, First Class; Petty Officer, Third Class, had been designated as Fireman, Third Class; Fireman, Second Class,
’divisions of ratings for enlisted personnel, accoltding to infor- and Fheinan, Fhst Class, i-espec
nut^ion recently released by the Navy Department. tiyeiy. - Under the new system, ^ ' Inlcluded in these changes are three entirely new types of f ^^e top three grades prefer
ratings-—Special Artificer, Airship Rigger, and Ship’s Service ‘iVtan—^and 14 new grades for ratings already established. Tlie' change brings to a total ,, ,
By Pfc. Leo Friedman
Enlisted jpen of the first ‘three grades who wish to retain their quartere„and rations allowance instead of applying for dependent allotrhents will be permitted to do so, the Fifth Service Command has indicated in describing the effects of changes under the new and liberalized allotment set-up. Dependency allotments were made available to men above the rank of sergeant for the first time under the layv in- be mailed to all beneficial ies en-
creasing the benefits, but many *'*^®*^* them.
_9f 89 special fields of work for which ratings are now avail-
able'.' ‘ ^ b ' ' '« Jl'f i i The purpose behind thts ex-
pansion 'of ’rating structure is to pro-yide better identification and f^ft«silflcaiti«in iof M-avy men and tfbmeji and to enable the Navy to ipake more aceuiate pla,cement of ptersonnel. * Mipbinav Chii^f Soundman Chief Badarmaa Macfiinhst’k Third Class Motbr Machinist’s Mate, Third
Ciaas Water Tender, Third Class Boilermaker, Third Class Metalsmith, Third Class Chief Molder Molder, Third Class Ohfef Patternmaker Pahfc^rhtti^hSer, Iliind Class ChlOf'PstltlteiT • ' > d ' Bug'lejlnaeth'r', Third Class ChSp# ‘Musiciaa ' r i ■ w Musician, Third Class The new third ciasi ratings mostly in the Artificer Branch of the service weie established as part of a general rearrangement of the low-
' XU 1 i d in tne top tnnee graaes preier
, FmsTand^SeSd Class'! While keeping the old allowance. The Worlcl Wdf 2 ■fnvivYAv wiToiviari •TOvc!!- niacc np.w iTip.tbnd tifirrhits them tn " e
To Receive Befiefits
become the e'quaVilent of Sea-
man
the former Fireman, First Class new method permits them to Grade, will be replaced by the vari- choose either quaiteig and rations ous new third class petty officer rat- or an allotment, although not both, ings. Another change is rescinding of There are many subdivisions to the former provision by which althese general ratings. ' loWents were paid in certain types Applicable to Waves dependency pending pi oof of the A number of new ratings will be relationship claimed. Heieafter, no applicable to members of the Worn- paymen,^ will be made before docuen’s Reserves as well as men, nota- menti^ly evidence of the claimed re bly Specialist (Y) and Aviation lationship i\ submitted
For Thotr Servi^f
of
Machinist’s Mate I, for both which women are being tiained. Rating badges for the hew fields have not yet been established.
ipplicants are iiiged to
The fact that 143,000 potential Hoosier veterans of World War II will receive benefits hmodnting to moie than $36,000,000 undef the Indiana unemploymertt tompensation program was announced recently by Colonel Eveiett L. Gard-
4, li'Jffe a,
Yol
, tsu ^ si i.*; Ire Invited J
,1. ® %
Attend An
OLD FASHIONED SQUARE DANCE
This Coining Saturday Evening, 8:30 to 11:30 and Every Saturday Thereafter at COLUMBIAN PARK BATHING PAVILION Admission 33c each — tax paiji
Come on out and join in the fun, plenty of space to
dance or to wateh.
Ride the Kossuth Street Bus or South Street Bus.
Tea Dancing Sunday Afternoon, 2:00 to 5:00. • Admission 10c.
Sunday Evening Dance—8:00 to 11;00. Admission 44c. ‘
Music hy Pat Haywood and his men of note.
Carl Miner Speaks At AlChE Meeting
Last night at the November meeting of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers, Call Miner, dnectoi of the Miner Laboratories, spoke on the subject of “Chemical Patents.’’ ^ Miner is a noted consulting engineer, having gained expeiience in work done for Commeicial Solvents, Glycerine Products Association, Quaker Oats and a number of other large concerns.
submit appliSations as soon as pos- director of the Indiana Employsible regardlless of whether or not ™ent Security Division, such evidence is immediately avail- This news may be welcome to Inable, and to snbmit pi oof as soon diana men and women now in milithereafter as they can. This would tary service of the natron who, behave the effect of expiditing papei cause of the length of time in the work, particularly at the-Newark service separating their claim for Office of Dependency Benefits, so compensation and their last job, that the benefits would be leceived would have become ineligible for
at the earliest possible moment. this benefit.
The Newark office is hard at work The newly amended section of the on changes necessitated by the le- Indiana job insurance law now vision of the law, and wains that ‘Treezes” for the duration the emm some cases a consideiable peiiod ployees’ civilian earnings for the may elapse befoie payments at the preceding 16 to 18 months before new, inci eased rates can be made, induction, so that their benefit right In the interim, payments will be lemains the same. Upon discharge made at the old late. Additional the veteian may claim job insursums due since November 1, effec- ance in the event that he dr she is tive date of the new legislation, will unable to obtain employment.
Traditions... * Maybe you’ve noticed the sign in your walks about the cattipus—it’s just a common ordinary sign with the simple number eleven unembellished upon its face. You’ve probably looked at it, shrugged youT shoulders and dismissed it front ydul^ mind, no doubt thinking it pertained in some way to Armistice Day. But it doesn’t pertain to Armistice Day, nor is it tered All oi^er the campus iu.st to denote the eleventh mdritfi of the year. I can tell you this much—it’s a battle cry—a fighting battlecry. A lot of tradition is tied up in that simple little number. For instance, take Miss Indiana. About every year, poor Miss Indiana, represented by an appropriate dummy, sweetly reposes in her coffin in the center of the Union. Of course adventurous Indiana students always manage to send up a suitable sorrowing delegation for the funeral ceremonies. A couple of years ago this burly contingent of graverobbers abducted poor Miss Indiana’s carcass and with a frothing bunch of Boilermakers ^t their heels got as far as the Wabash River before the real world-war began. Miss Indiana, a mighty dejected looking creature, ended her brief career on the bottom of the muddy Wabash. Every year on the Indiana campus retribution is wreaked against ole 'John Purdue’s effigy. Hanging is considered too rilerCiful and all forms of mayhem has been known to take place!' But usually every Hoosier necktie party attracts an appropriate number of burly Riveters. Everyone knows or should know of the Old Oaken Bucket, a famous object of intense skulduggery. If the University wins, Indiana makes away with the bucket. If Indiana wins, the Riveters end up with the relic. But this year with thousands of service men as guardian-angels, the campus is anticipating with relish a visit from those marauding Hoosiers. They’ll make excellent pendulums for our Victory Bell. For all those interested in deciphering that number eleven, the secret will come out in a big war dance aVid pep session to be held in the Boilermaker tepee tonight. A big crowd of anti-Hoosiers and possibly some anti-Boilermakers is expected.—Pfc. Bob’ Baker.
Columbian Park Will Sponsor Dances
ANTIOCH SHOES and AVON PRODUCTS
MRS. LOLA WRAY Phone 2518 1-5 p. m. 126 E. Columbia W«st Lafayette
A Southworth’s
Chmoundiig^ Revised Store Hours
Main Store, in the Village 8;00 A. M. to 8:00 P. M. Daily 2:00 P. M* to 8:00 P. M. Sunday
Gift Shop, at Mair^ StpfO 10:Q0 A. M. tp 8:00 P. M. Daily 2;0p p. M. to 8:00 P. M. Sunday
Stadium Store, branch I » s I e t, Stadium and Norlhwestepn Avenues 8:00 A. M. to 8:00 P. M. Daily 2:00 P. M. to 8:00 P. M. Sunday
**Pira)llE ECCK&SUPPLYSffE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTt^itNPl
^uUicmX.
Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE
Dances will be sponsoied m Lafayette each Wednesday and Sunday evenings fi'om 8 to 11 p. m. by Columbian Park in the pavilion, according to Curtis Counterman, superintendent. Tickets will be 44
cents with lefieghments included. Fiom 8:30 to 10'30 p. m. each Satin day evening square dances with a caller and orchestra are to be held in the pavilion. Records will be piovided for tea dancing on Sunday afternoon from 2 to 5:30 p. m. Recently remodeled, the pavilion may be lented for private parties by oiganizations.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Just a G.I. Seamstress?
If you’re forever getting out the needle and thread, here are some tips:
[When a button comes off, sew it on well the first time. A slip-shod job just means you’ll have to do it over again soon.
Make your next shirt an Arrow. Arrow buttons are attached with a patented stitch, which ^‘anchors” them to a shirt.
Check your size—you may be wearing too small a shirt and therefore causing too great a strain on the buttons and seams. The Sanforized label in an Arrow shirt guarantees shrinkage no greater than 1%—^no danger of an Arrow ever getting too small!
FIRST MEETING OF C. O. G. (Current Opinions Group) Thursday, November 18 At Wesley Foundation, 5:30 p. m. after chow
Prof. Frank R. Hall Will Speak A Discussion from the floor will follow
Everybody: Servicemen, Civilians, etc., invited. \
ARROW
SHIRTS • TIES • HANDKERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR • SPQRT SHIRTS A BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS ^
Southworth’s
c—aubow-.
416
MAIN
Se. ■
DEWENTER'S
416
MAIN
After Saturday Bring in Your' Car and Indiana’s Football TeamI
UJsL Bsffmbv aiLKindiLDg. iOhsjdidu
Peter Anderson Co.
AFTER YOU—-WE COME HRST 525 Alabama St* Phone 4Q4BV \
mmmm
^1^ * i'*si^ 4Ur A il-* \ Boilermaker; Sport^
Thursday, November 18, 1943
Hell Yes/We’re Goinq To Beet The Hoosiers!
Nineteenth Boilermaker-Hoosier
Battle for ^Bucket’ On Saturday
Michigan Finishes Season With Ohio
Are You A Wrestler?
Come On Out Monday
By Bill Garber For the Old Oaken Bucket, cherished trophy of Hoosierdom’s annual gridiron civil war, Saturday’s battle for its possession will be an old, old affair. For the last eighteen years the bucket, resurrected after nearly a century’s duty in a well, presided over the annual affair, while students of both universities paid homage to it. However, it is almost safe to say that during the last eighteen yeaj"s, the years when it has been fought over in the PurdueIndiana series, the bucket has
The 40th chapter of one of the mid-west’s most popular intercollegiate football series will be written at Ann Arbor Saturday when Ohio State and Michigan renew their rivalry in what for both teams will be the final game of the 1943 season.
Seen the most exciting days of its long life. The idea of the bucket trophy originated at a joint meeting of the Purdue and Indiana alumni clubs, which was held in Chicago in 1925. At this time President William Lowe Bryan of Indiana spoke, suggesting that a suitable trophy to commemorate the ancient rivalry be set up to rival the Minnesota-Michigan Little Brown Jug. Into the hills of southern Indiana went the emissaiies of the universities in search of an object properly mildewed, and retuimed With an old oaken bucket. Before removed from its original moorings, the authentic bucket had hung since some time in the 1840’s in a well on the old Bruner farm near Hanover. When originally discovered by the expedition the bucket was moss-covered, coated witb green mold, and some of the staves were giving evidence of decay. To prevent its dismemberment in its aging years of gridiron excitement, it was carefully repaired and provided with a suitable plaque, and has so far managed to avoid being torn apart by riotous emotions. First Game a Tie Appropriately enough the bucket played no favorites in its initial appearance, a christening affair for Indiana’s Memorial Stadium, in the fall of 1925, as Purdue and Indiana battled to a 0-0 tie and shared possession of the trophy for the next year. For the next four years, however, the bucket became acclimated to Lafayette, as the Boilermakeis scored four successive triumphs. Then came one of those upsets for which the series is famous as Indiana turned in a surprise 7-6 triumph in 1930. Not all the excitement has been confined to the gridiron. Student ingenuity has been stretched to the limit in framing plots, many of them successful, to spirit the trophy away from its rightful owner. One of the most exciting jaunts occurred after the 1930 game. Shipped from Lafayette to Indianapolis, where it was to be picked up by an authorized Indiana representative for display at a victory banquet, the Bucket was turned over to a group of students who announced they would form the “guard of honoi.” Not in Bloomington The complexion of the guard began to be questioned when the Bucket failed to airive in Bloomington, and a bewildered Purdue and Indiana started a lengthy search. Just when hope was being abandoned, the Bucket as mysteiiously reappeared in Lafayette, Such incidents became so common in the Bucket’s life that today it is seldom seen on public display unless caiefully guarded, but lemains safely locked up awaiting the day of each game. Following the 1930 surpiise, the Boilermakeis came back with thiee successive victoiies, but in 1934 the Hoosiers lose up again to knock the Boilermakers out of a Big Ten title share with an upset 17-6 tiiumph. Indiana regained possession of the trophy with a 7-0 victoiy in 1935 and then came the epic 20-20 tie of 1936 as Cecil Isbell and Vtiiion Huffman took turns pitching touchdown passes. Cecil Isbell staited the Boileimakeis back on a thiee-game winning streak in 1937 as the Boileimakers took a 13-7 decision, but Indiana, which has yet to scoie loui victories in a row in the Bucket seiies, today awaits a chance to complete an unbioken foui tiiumphs, equaling the Boileimakeis’ mark of the yeais 1926-1930. Four in a Row? The Hoosier oppoitunity for its first “four-stiaight” was set up by Gene White, who kicked a field goal in the last 13 seconds of play lor a 3-0 victory in 1940, and Billy Hillenbrand, whose touchdown gave the Bloomington aggiegation a 7-0 verdict m 1941. Last yeai a powerful Hoosier team led by Hillenbrand, McGinnis, .Saban and White defeated a fighting Boileimakei squad. The Riveteis staged a teirific fight the fiist hall but succumbed during the second hall under the attack of the foui -stai backfield. The Bucket now lests at Bloomington by viitue ol Indiana’s 20-0 victoiy.
That the records for thetwo
teams are almost exact oppo^sites, the Bucks having won two of their first seven games compared to Michigan’s six wins in seven starts, does not detract from the interest sill rounding the contest. Coach Paul Brown has brought his club along steadily and early season losses would be forgotten in Columbus if the Buckeyes topped Michigan and knocked the Wolverines out of the Western Conference title in the process. A vaiied Ohio attack which operates both from a single wing and T is paced by a pair of fleet-footed halfbacks, Ernie Parks and Dean Sensanbaugher. In the line, Tackle Bill Willis is the Buckeye mainstay and is Brown’s only holdover from the team that started against Michigan last fall. There is no doubt but that Bi own’s team will be at its peak for the annual Michigan clash, nor
Coach Claude Reeck of the wrestling 'team has announced that there will be a general meeting of all men who wish to try out for the squad on Monday afternoon at 4:30 in the wrestling room of the Fieldhouse. Reeck was very emphatic in stating that anyone, regardless of his build, has an equal chapce of getting on the squad. “The old idea of having to be as broad as one is wide to be able to wrestle is wrong,” said Reeck. “In fact, some of the best wrestlers we’ve had have been boys with slender builds.” He also added that wrestling is a fine conditioner of young men, especially in war time, and many students should turn out. Practice will begin on Tuesday afternoon, November 23.
(Based on Conference Games Only)
SCORING
G TD PAT Tot '■Butkovich, Pur. .. 4 13 Hirsch, ,Mich 5 Grahan, North 5 ■'‘Daley, Mich 3 Dimancheff, Pur... 5 Pihos, Ind 5 Williams, Minn 4 Sensanbaugher, 0. 4
*No longer in Big Nine competition.
IM Schedules
Court 7:20— 7:37— 8.308:46— Court 7 :207:36— 8-30-
Practicfe Games—Fraternity Thursday Evening, Nov. 18
i.46-
Tau Epsilon Phi vs Acacia. Tau-Sigma vs. Sigma Nii. Beta Sigma Psi vs Kappft-Psi. Phi Sigma Theta vs. Phi-Phi. 2 Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. -Chi-Alpha vs. Theta Xi. Lambda-Pi vs SAM. ■Triangle vs. Sigma Chi.
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Conference Standings W. L. T. Pet. Michigan 5 0 0 1.000 Purdue 6 0 0 1.000 Northwestern 4 10 .800 Indiana 2 2 1 .500 Illinois 2 3 0 .400 Minnesota 1 3 0 .260 Ohio State 1 3 0 .260 Wisconsin 1 6 0 .167 Iowa 0 4 1 '.000 Notice Coach Dick Papenguth would i like all l^avy. Marine and V-12 swimmers to contact him at once. / There is swimming practice every ' afternoon at 4:30 and an intersquad swim is scheduled soon. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
is there any concerning the scrappy Wolverines, who are eyeing their first league crown since 1933. It will be the third time Brown has directed the Bucks against Michigan, and he has yet to taste defeat. In his first year at Ohio—1941— the Buckeyes surpiised a favored Wolverine eleven by battling to a 20-20 tie, and last season the Bucks clinched the championship by downing Michigan, 21-7.
Whalever course you fake, if drawing, drafting or tracing are important parts, Microtomic Van Dyke pencils with HI-DENSITY LEAD
IS DEGREES... Also 6 IN SPECIAL CHISEL POINT
will make the going easier, faster. Longer wear, smooth-as-silk, even lines, extreme opacity without heavy pressure. These extra advantages make for better work, higher skill.
EBERHAHD FABER
fienrletihlp in fine writing materials since ibar
our wartime duty.
Swimmers
Dick Papenguth, Riveter sii imming coach, is looking for men who like to S7vim. Practice sersions are held from 7 to 8, Tuesday and Thursday evenings, and
I roin 1:30 to 6 any other afternoon. Repoii to the Fieldhouse pool at anv ol these times.
Buy War Bonds
•44
T his sif^nal Coips lineman and liis eomrade^ are
1
building and keeping ojicn the lelepbone lines that help to eoordinate attack and del'ense in every liallle zone. Not only on land, but also at .sea and in the air, ti lephoue and radio cipiijimenl made by Western Eicetrie i.s helping to hiing A'^ielory closer. This Compan)—for 61 years the manufaelurer for the Bell Tclejdione System — is today a vast arsenal of military eommuniealions equipment. College graduates—men and women of varied training—are help-
ing to speed this vital war prodiielion.
Buy War Bonds regularly—from now till Victory!
Western Electric
IN PUCE. .SOURCE OF SUPPLY FOR THE BELL SYSTEM IN WAR arsenal of COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT.
Value is always important. In wartime it's VITAL.
And when a house with the '' reputation of Hart Schaffner & Marx pledges the best in clothing value you can expect... and you'll get...an "extra measure" of fine needling, painstaking workmanship, rich, supple fabrics, and long, long wear. Evidence is here now, in the magnificent new Hart Schaffner & Marx models for fall... as distinguished / a collection of fine all-wool suits l’ p and coats as we've ever received
from this famous maker.
S^g.OO yp Others $30.00 up
Manhattan Shirts McGregor Sportswear Dobbs 6c Lee Hats Interwoven Sox Nunn-Bush Shoes Nunn Bush Shoes