'll .1,1 .1
" I, ' ' ■<
P'
HAVE YOU VOTiD t For Your Favorite SDX Queens? ^• Volume 55, No. 15
mim ftANHiRS ( To, pep Session Tomdrrow NlgHt ^
Eitablished 1889
Hit Hfeshito
Purdue University, West tafayotle, Indiana
Thifftd^y, Saiitember 24, 1942
Seniors Will Cord Parade
Form Annual Saturday At 1
OVr7s W/// Defend G. A. Young Trophy Against Rival Schools In accordance with the traditions of the past, the Cord Parade will form at 1 p. m. Saturday on the double road between Stuart Field and the Pharmacy Building. Attendance of engineering school seniors will be taken by Skull and Crescent members, and passports will be required to check names from
the attendance lists.
The parade will be led by the right hand lane consisting of the Reamer mascot, Gold Pep-
pars and Home Ec, Civil and PSE’s, Met, Chem, and Science seniors. Following these in the left lane will be the ME’s, Pharmacists, Ags, Foresters and all others. Paraders will enter the center gate No. 2 of the Stadium and will march around the track. A special Section will be rserved for the seniors. The G. A. Young Trophy, which was awarded last year to the Civil Engineering School, is now in the possession of the Civils, well protected from marauding seniors of ?ival schools. Announcepient of this year’s winner will be made in the Sunday Exponent, and a committee from the Student Senate will present the trophy to the engineering school with the largest percentage of parade attendance. PI A Dance Classes Will Begin Tuesday In Union Ballroom ' '' < PIA dance classes wdll open next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in the Union Ballroom and continue on the following Monday nights for ten weeks. Tickets are now on sale at a desk in front of the Sweet Shop in the Union. Enrollment in this class is lesti’icted to meipbers of PIA and costs $2.60 for the entire course. Classes will last approximately an hour and a half. The classes this semester will concentrate on elementary steps, and a similar couise will be given next semestei featuring advanced dancingl/ This has been the pioce'dure followed in the past years. Mr. Peail Allen will instruct the classes this year. Mr. Allen is a graduate of California Normal School of New Yoik City, and now has one of the largest dancing schools in the Middle West. He has directed dancing for many pageants and musical shows at the Univer-
sity.
Frosh Will Hold AWS Elections Wednesday Two freshman representatives will be elected to the Associated Women Students executive board next Wednesday. Freshman coeds are urged to apply by presenting a signed petition at the AWS oitice or to Tillie Croll any time before next Wednesday. Signatures of twenty-live coeds should head a petition having the fallowing form: We, the undesigned, do hereby nominate .... . , , . for the position of freshman representative of the AWS Executive Board fo^ the fall of
1642.
Coeds having freshman passports may vote in this election which is to be held in the Union.
Thornhill Will Close Band Parade Series Usual Ticket Price Will Prevail At Dance With his theme “Snowfall,” written and composed by himself, Claude Thornhill will usher in the last of the series of Name Band Parade dances to be held in both ballrooms of the Union at 8:30 p. m. tomorrow night. Tickets will be $1.65 per
couple.
Thornhill’s complete ensemble of twenty-one musicians and four vocalists is one of the larger bands playing to the American public today. His arrangements are the outstanding attraction of his band, and it was on these that his rise to
popularity was built.
“Snowfall,” the most popular of his compositions and arrangements is a, good example of his style. It represents an idea in music which Thoinhill has had during his many years of arranging for band leaders sUch as Andre Kostelanetz, Benny Goodman and Ray Noble, and has finally composed as a piano solo.
... are invited to attend a wiener Although shoit, the selection deroast at 7:30 Sunday evening*at the scribes more vividly than words the home of Rev. H. C. Stolldorf, 626 picture which the title brings to North Ninth St., Lafayette. This mind. party is the first of a series of out- After making the orchestrations door programs scheduled for the for these various bands for some fall term by the Lutheran Student time, Thoinhill decided to lead his Association. own band.
SDX Mystery Members of that fabulous organization, Sigma Delta Chi, locked themselves in their mysterious meeting room last night and refused to tell any results of the election they are running to determine who will be “Queen of the Sandbags” for the SDX Riveter’s Rassle October 2. It is believed by observers that they will become more congenial before tomorrow’s paper gods to press. Meanwhile, continue to flood the Exponent office with votes for
your queen.
Lutheran Students
Louie Lowe To At Cord Dance
Appear Saturday
First Pep'Sessio^ To Form At Union Tomorrow Night
Burnhai^,
To Speak At Rally First pep-ession of the season will get under way tomorrow night at 7 p. m. when the parade i^cnfms in front of the Union. Led by ihe band and the “Boilermaker Special,” students will head for the big 'bonfire in
Stuart Field.
Elmer Burnham, Red Mackey, and “Doc” Hunt, of the chemistry department, will extoll the merits of this year’s team. Various members of the team will also give their views of the game. Call For Posters Fraternities, organized houses and Cary Hall groups are urged to get their freshmen busy during these last two days in making banners calling forth such phrases as “Beat Fordham,” “Ram the Rams,” or “Rope the Bull.” Houses are also urged to hold 6:30 dinners tomorrow night to facilitate attend-
ance.
Bruce Adams, senior yell leader, encourages the student body to show Elmer Burnham how we will help win the game from the “bleachers. ' Frosh May Obtain Passports Today At Fieldhouse Freshman students may obtain their passports today by presenting their schedule cards at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse. All sophomores, juniors and seniors who have npt received their passports may call for them at any time in the Fieldhouse. All students planning to attend the Fordham football game Saturday must obtain their passports at the Fieldhouse before 1:30 p. m. Saturday. Several hundred students have not yet called for their pass-
poits.
For the Fordham game, passport holders will bd admitted to the student sections on a general admission basis. C. S. Doan, ticket manager, emphasized the fact that passports will be honored only in the student sections, as the remainder of the Stadium seats will be reserved. Students will receive instructions regarding the exchange of coupons for leserved seats for other home games.
fnds At R^lly Tonight Mammoth Performance Opens At 7:30; Thousands Participate Opening one of the largest shows in the Stadium’s hi8fory» the Bond Rally will begin at 7:30 tonight in Ross-Ade Stadium when Dorothy L^mour, popular Hollywood star, will demonstrate her ability to sell war bonds to several thousand Hoosiers who are expected to flock
to the gigantic spectacle. *
Several thousand persons will participate in the war show, including many sailors who are stationed at the University, the ROTC, three bands, several student musical organizations
and Miss Lamour.
Miss Lamour has just completed a ten-day tour of New England during which she sold over |3^,000,000 in war bonds.
Students Vote
Libr^y Hours Because of the general interest in the Bond Sale program and the Fordham football game, the University Library will close on Thursday evening at 7 p. m. and on Saturday afternoon at 1:30 p. m.
For Senators Tomorrow To Fill 16 Positions; Polls Open All Day Balloting Jor the election of eight sophomores and eight juniors for the Student Senate will be held tomorrow in the Union from 8 to 6:30. Four senators will be elected from each class from each of the Engineering schools and one each from the Agriculture, Home Ec, Science and Pharmacy or PE schools. The deadline for petitions was 5:30 p. m. yesterday. The candidates are as follows: Engineering — Sophomores: Lee Alexander, Don Dial,' Bill Dingle, Scott Hansen, Bob King, Tom Spitler, Judd Year, Dick Welty; juniors: Art Hunter, ChE; Bill Lester, EE; Pete Schwab, Civil and PSE; and Phil Woolery, ME. Agriculture—Sophomores: Wally Cook, Phil Thompson; junior: Russ Hardin. Home Ec—Sophomore: Jane Nelson; juniorsi|^ois Caldwell, Mabel Vaughah. Science—Sophomores: Jeanne Crane, Lloyd Hamgiel; juniors: Jess Ault, Jack McKinzie. Pharmacy or PE — Sophomore: Bill Deusterberg; junior: Ed Fingle. The list of candidates is unusually small this semester, and many of those running are up for reelection. Only one candidate has petitioned for many of the seats and they are therefore automatically elected. Each candidate was required to turn in a petition signed by fifty members of his own class and school by the deadline at 5:30 yesterday, with the usual fee of one dollar. The candidates will be elected only by members of their school and their
class.
Coolidge To Speak To Town Girls Today Town Girls Club will meet in room 366 of the Union Building this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Dean Coolidge will speak on the relationships of the town girls and other college coeds, and Tillie Croll, president of AWS, will also address the girls explaining the part AWS has played in the oi’ganization.
Professor Shreve
Due to the large crowd ei^^eeted at the bond sale show tonight, students, faculty and townsp^ple are iBfCd to , be in the Stadium by lit Ica^t 7 p. m.' Joe Spring^ famous drganist, will play or^n jidusic until the main part of the
show begins at 7:30.
In previous appearances she auctioned off some of her personal jewelry for the^ highest bia41hg in war bonds. H. Kenn Carmichael, chairman of the fields, and A. P. ' — ' ■ ■■■' ■■■ Stewart, director of the show, Chem Society Elects ^ second set of * plans for the show to go on in
the Fieldhouse in case inclement Weather will not permit
Committee Head stadium. . < Students are urged by the local At a recent meeting of the Amer- bond board to purchase war stamps ican Chemical Society in Buffalo, before tonight. The stamps will be New York, Professor R. Norris added to the total number of Shreve, of the chemical engineer- stamps and bonds sold this week in ing department at thjfr UnlvesrSfty the eoinmuiiity. was elected chairman of the divi- igcilHies will be installed Sion of Industrial and Chemical En- ^he Stadium at three vantage gineering Chemistry. This is ohe points so fhat all the activities can of the largest divisions of the so- described frpm on the spot. A ciety which meets twice a year at corps bf fqlit dnnouncers will-assist the meetings of the parent Society, Broadcast,
for the discussion of problems connected with chemical engineering in
its broadest phases. ' .
At that meeting Professor Shteve presented several papers pertaining to reseatch that he has been directing at the Unit Process Iftb^atories at the University. These papers rejireSent the research that he and hia students have been conducting in
The complete program for the performance is as follows: 7;d(l^HarilmQnd cmgan recital—
Joe Spring.' ^
7:16-^P. E. LuH e^lains about
tiond Certificates.
7:l6^Plnter Purdue Band (Gl) - and^ Glee Club (‘G2) unan-
nounced.
search of further applications ofj 7:30—^Invocation — Father Chap-
7:31—?^i^ue.Band Concert (Band
Skated in fiont of stage).
7:31—‘3obookChildren Parade (Gl) 7:42—Pledge of Allegiance (School
children, led from stage).
7:43—Purdue Band (one selection)
7:4f—Grgan {days a march.
7:47—(1) Red Cross; (2) Wom-
en’s War Saving Staff; (3) Organizations; (4) Farm Neighborhood War Service
Units. (Use Gl).
(S*e BON© RALLY, page 4) Trainees Broadcast First Of Radio Series Trainees in the Naval Training School at the University, presented
such chemicals as metldWiaph^a lene, Y^hich ark now. ofe
the market. ' i
* ‘ ' I II Faculty Notice The next meeting of ,the Fat-
uity will be held in October. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT,
President.
WAA Course To Open With Supper Tuesday Coeds interested ill taking the WAA cabin leaders’ course may repoi't to the Women’s Gym at 6:16 p. m. Tuesday for the first supper meeting which will bk held at the cabin. Those planning to attehd should call either Marilyn Kdll or
Laurice Wear.
The Second meeting will be held
Exponent Staff * aH ed and coed workers of the Exponent editorial staff are to attend an organization meeting to be<held in the oflice tomorrow at 4:15 p. IM. , —ARMSTRONG
Louie Lowe, Mfe '18, v»/ill bring music to his alma 'mater when he and his orchestra play for Saturday night's annual Cord Dance. Senior eds in cords will be admitted to the dance free while senior coeds must present their passports to obtain free admission. Lowe, who has played at the Indianapolis Athletic Club tor the past three winter seasons, began his musical career at the University when he appeared as vocalist with a campus orchestra. Also v^ry active in dramatics, he was a member of the Harlequin Club, predecessor of Playshop. He is now president of the Indianapolis Alumni Club and is practicing law in that city. Backdrop for the dance will be black, gold, and white Gold letters of cardboard will spell out^•he name of the dance while white will mark this year's numerals The dance, which will be held in both ballrooms of the Union, will begin at 8:30 and will continue until 1 1 ;30. Regular ticket price of $1,10 will prevail tor juniors, sophomores and freshmen.
Get These Facts In Your Notes WHEN THINGS . . . aiound are happenin’ And hell and stuff is poppin’ Now how will you be knowin’ Just how and what is stewin’ And who will you be suein’ Without 'The Subway Sun" distributed solely at the SDX Riveter^s Rassel OCTOBER 2. To get the University’s own private Satire Humor Fun come to the SDX Brawl and get your copy of "The Subway Sun"
Health Service Administers First Aid To Harried Seniors
By Becky Caylor
While confusion reigned in the
Student Health Service this, morning, nurses loaded with gauze, iodine and sutures Were laying in a good supply of dressings for the mad rush. Yes, moustache fights start officially today, and the Student Health Service will be ready. The Health Service is not planning to, employ any more doctors during the battle season, but the present
staff is expecting the worst. There will be the usual quota of
minor cuts, especially those on the upper lip, and with the customary number of skin clips and sutures, Dr. Miller will have a field day. Of course there will be a senior or two who will lose half of his face simply because some freshman wields a mean straight edge. And for the one who got away and sprained an. ankle in the attempt, there is a fine supply of adhesive and a few extra
pairs of cimtches. Fires On Program
Since freshman tactics include throwing an occasional victim who resists too hard out of the nearest window, plasyter easts will be worn
at the cabin OctobeJt.2 while the the first-of a series of radio broaddate for the third meeting will be casts, “Here Comes the Navy,” yesannounced later. terdhy afternoon at 6:15 over
WBAA. ^
Consisting of dramatic sketches
and interviews, the programs will give a picture of a sailor’s life at the University. The entire cast, complete 'from announcer to sound man,
will be made up of trainees. The ijfavy Glee Club; formed re-
cently at tbe school, made its first appearance, singing the title aong of the program, “Here Gomes thi
Navy.”
Lt.-CommaiMler Herbert M. Hart, commanding officer of the Naval Training School, spoke, on the opening program. The show will be produced each week, and will last IS
minutes.
by many seniors in the weeks after the fights. Sometimes it is necessary to smoke the moustached quarry out of their lairs so a few minor
fires usually occur.
Not to be caught unprepared for any emergency the Health Service has stocked up on tannic acid and gentian violet to be able to save an occasional (life, ip case the victim hasn’t bled to death by the time
help reaches him.
Doc Works On Synthetics So far Dr. Miller has been unable to discover a working substitute for a senior’s upper lip, but he is hoping to succeed some time before the deadline, ft is hoped that the new synthetic substance wiH enable the maimed Upperclassmen to drink coffee without the incomvenience of using a funnel. The Health Service is ready, the seniors are trying and all that is left is for the freshmen to cotgierate. New tactics copied from the commandos promise to make this year better than evqr. Tbe freaihman motto for the yew will be “keep them slashing”—and thejt
probably will.
4. A. Smith
... of the division of education and applied psychology addresskd the Tippecanoe County Teachers Federation Monday evening at thefr opening banquet in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union Building. His subject was “A Functioning Social Gonsciousness.”
Coed Hours Coe4 hoojra for tonight wilt be the i^egular lt:Q0 p. m. with the of fieahman privUegws ea> eimoiM>4«d »y the AWS Jndi' dary Haac4fc ''. > ' ■ ■ ■■ - : ■ '■■' > '■ '" ' ' '■ ■. ■ ■: ■ Page 2
Purdue Exponent ^ ^
Thursday, September 24, 1942
vi W
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporty, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After IQ p. m., 5977
John F. Amos Don T. Brophy John H. Armstrone ....rRobert L. Hadley Moiiaper. Ken K. Gjemre Coed Editor...., Alice Chaifield
E(Hlnr-in-Chicf News- Editor Manar;inK Editor. Sporis Editor
Publication Staff Associate Editors Kdltorial Staff: D. W. Ochciitrec, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, 1). E. I?ut2, W. G.. Hoskins, R. W. Boswinkle, K. Roquemore, S.-'Wolf. Sports Staff: D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, D. Shryer, C.
ot'fl Staff : Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer, Elaine Ahrcn::.
Business Staff ' Cucd^ Business Manager: Julia Martin. Ad", ertising: Monnpers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson, J. Petty. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouinan. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga, .lunior <?oed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keina.
The Purdue Independent
Dave Bartn
Eriifor-in-CIlief . Mar..'ic:io/T Editor Husinofii Manager Coed Editor Sports Editor Adverti.sinET Manager Accounis Manager Circulation Manager..
..Ed Humphrey
"Veir
.....Elwin Welbauni Roberta Kessler .... ...Bill Kllllgrew ...........Scott. Brown George Paine ..Harold Hebdricks
Staff For This Issue Kieill Editor: Hunter
Sports Editor: Dawson
!la> Etiitor: Beall Issue Editor: Abbett Ui'porleis: Douham, Vegh, Tuttle, Porter, Baynes, Caylor, r;!r.-,LUi?, Kippetoe, Holland, Petry, Burnham, Tilton, Martiniliil. Tliompson. .,
aUr.-'d as second class matter at the post office in LafayIndiana, under the act of Congress, of March 3, 1879, at tl-.'j special rate of postage provided for in section V act of October 3, 1917, authorized' January 20, 1922. lidit ii on Tuesday,.Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings r;ir t'v:- .vear. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.7B for a sUr or ?i3.00 for two semesters ; by mail for $2.00 for a iSt.er or $3.50 for two semesters, r.ii r semester ; mailed subscription $1.B0. .lirt.sentcd for national advertising by National AdvertlsS-‘. vice, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 ison Avo., New .York, N. Y,
.e WASHINGTON ^ Tm R«9. U. S Pdl.Off. Merry-go-round By DREW PEARSON General de Gaulle Complains To Churchill Oyer British Conduct Of Egyptian War
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lidily
J ILJ
’s Sell Bonds.
Tonight is bond night. The festive prograin, incorporating over 10,000 active particiiiants, is not simply an opportunity for the .‘T,Indent body to gasp at Bottie Bamour in her sarong, or whatever she is scheduled to wear. It is oiTie of the few real chances that we, students dr townspeople, have to show the nation that we are doing our utmost toward winning the war. , . ^ ' It may seem a trifle queer to some people that such a serious thing as soliciting money to v,:in a war should be handled by the amusement trades of the country, and that it should be done in such a spectacular manner. Yet the government has turned over the tremendous task of selling war bonds to the amusement industry; and,'they are doing a real ,j,qb,^,, ^ , ’ ■ . . . We students have, as yet, done very little substantially toward helping in our country’s war,'and it is little enough that A1 tSewart and Others sponsoring tho program tonight are asking when they requpt the apipearance of student talent in the show. Most of us students are- existing here on allowances from home and arq financially unable to purchase bonds or are, in .some origani.zatmn which has been asked to-participate in the rally can, by oUr wholehearted cooperation, do a lot toward niaking this'show a success.—w.g.h. '
The Ratio
.. .. to 1
tVhat significance is there in the number 4.95 to 1 ? That, stoodents, indicates the fellow’s chances with a girt at Purdue.
PO.ME FOR THE DAY— I v.'ish I were a moment In my professor’s class, For no matter how dull the moments are They always seem to pass.
STOLEN TROPHY RETURNED BY MARAUDER OF THE NIGHT .'Member;; of Theta Chi Social Fraternity were pre;c!ili‘.d witli a trophy for the second time at Sunday diii/iii' ]a.st week-end. Attached to said trophy was a scoop with the following words- inscribed upon it: “Theta Clii’s Eat It.” If anyone in tlje vicinity of 690 Vv'aldi on hears any phrases similar to the one above, ii will be the Theta Chi’s returning a “thank” to the ■ Sir; kps.
T OGT YORGISSON SCRATCHES HIS HEAD W j ni HIS TOES FOR EIGHT HOURS I’.izQ trick of the week is the yogi stunt pulled by 1;. U, .sophomore, Don Tudor, when he sat with his 1'around his neck for eight hours, perched upon the D. U. front step railing last Saturday afternoon and evening. An agreement was made that there would he a dollar an hour salary. Was itfor publicity?
TROI'BLE’S LIABLE TO BROO— With Chi O Ginny Armstrong especially if she l;e-epfc on playing around with'two'men in the same bou.' e. Who will win out, D. U. Bdb Stallings or D. U. Jiob Sinithers? (Or twenty other followers here and liiere?)
PI.SZ FOR THE WEEK— Li adiiig the list is Jean Fassnaeht “Wolf”, who tool; tin ee Beta Pins last week-end. Have Hudson, Fai iitwoith or Barta gotten them back yet? Albert’s Loan, lias some good ones they say. * ’ on the list is the recent Sig Chi pinning, Dernmarce vs. Gerrad, flying cadet. That pretty vvcTI cinclies that. J’at McConnoughay, Alpha Chi pledge, took^a pin fiLin a fellow at Indiana. Doesn’t mean a thing tho, so k(^p on dating'>'her fellows, Bi fiathtaking was the event between SPE Cliffo Ei'iksen and forfnef ci^ed, Mary Koontz, 'when he hung liifci pin on her last week-end. What happens twixt you and Heitmann, CM?
WASHINGTON—It didn’t leak out at the time, but, blunt-spoken General de Gaulle had a sharp verbal battle with Winston Churchill when the latter visited Egypt. The Free Frerich leadet not only took Churchill to task for the way the British-were conducting the war, but also told Churchill , what he thought, in no uncertain terms, of the British Ambassador to Syria. That Ambassador, General Sir Edward L. Spears, had refused to call on Gen. Georges Catrous, the French Governor of Syria. General Catroux was governor of Frerich Indochina when the Japanese threatened irivasion and offered to throw his entire Indo-Chinese army against them if given the signal from Loridon or Washington. Cater when Vichy surrendered to Hitltsr, Catroux resigned. He led the Free French forces into Syria and did most of the fighting. However, when General Spears arrived, he called on the Syrian president, on the Lebanese president, but high-hatted Governor Catroux for three weeks. During the last war, General Spears was head of the British Military mission in Paris, and -was so unpopular that the French Go-Vernmerit refused to accept him as British military attache after the war. He is married; to an American, the former Mary Borden of Chicago, who has written many novels. One of them is on French society, which did not endear her toN;he French people. Because of Spear’s unpopularity, General de Gaulle demanded that he be removed. But Churchill, who is an old friend of Spears, just as vehemently refused. (“I am his only friend,” Churchill once remarked of Spears.) ' The quarrel then went on to the question of Syrian independence, which de Gaulle has not entirely given to the Syrians, and cannot entirely give because of the unpopularity of such a move in France. The British favor general elections in Syria to decide on independence. But de Gaulle intimated that general elections might come in Syria about as soon as Churchill held them in India. • Nelson's Old Boss Here is the stoty behind the story behind the failure of WPB’s Conservation division. When Doriald Nelson first left Sears-Roebuck to go to Washington and try to win the war. General Robert E. Wood, chairman of the Board, Lessing Rosenwald, its vice-chairman, together with other America First directors, planned to cut off Nelson’s $60,000 corporation salary. Nelson needed the money to meet financial obligations already incurred, and would not have been able, at that time, to live on a $10,000 governmerit salary. The day was saved when Sidney Hillman, then joipt director of 0PM, telephoned Rosenwald and persuaded him to throw his influence against such a move. riosenvyald was then made chief of WPB’s Conservation Diyisibn, which should have prevented the serSp shortage, and which has been severely criticized by both Under Secretary of War Patterson and Under Secretary of the Navy Forrestal. • Morgenthau's The Man . When the history of this war is written, it will be -found that the man who had most to do with getting real quantities of supplies to Russia was unobtrusive, harassed'Henry Morgenthau. . Almost no one-knows it outside the inner circle, bqt it wasi Morgenthau -who finally got a statement in-writing from the President saying that, with Hitler about to launch the biggest attack in history, supplies to Russia must come first. This was around March 10 of this year. Prior to that time, supplies to Russia had gone in driblets. Australia was pressing its demands. Britain rieeded supplies for Egypt, India, the Dutch East Indies. China needed bombers. Russia had been solemnly promised munitions, but except in infinitesimal quantities, they were not shipped. Everyone agreed that if Russia was able to hold this summer, Hitler was well on the way to defeat. But even so, Russia did not get the munitions. So finally, Morgenthau put the matter flatly before the President and got a statement from him in writing. Incidentally, the President, through some whim, wrote his chit on an old piece of paper with the heading “Assistant Secretary of the Nayy.” He had kept it for 22 years, ever since the days of Woodrow Wilson. Morgenthau then got the chit photostated and sent it around to the war chiefs. When Donald Nelson demurred over sending large supplies to Russia, Morgenthau simply said.: “Well, here it is in writing.” Note—The nation can also thank Morgenthau for being more farsighted than anyone else, in the cabinet about building planes for France and England. When a French pilot cracked up in California, Morgenthau was panned severely on the Senate floor and the Senate Military Affairs Committee proposed an investigation. Harry Woodring, then Secretary of War, also vigorously opposed Morgenthau. However, these purchases by the French and British got U. S. airplane factories tooled up and ready for mass production. Morgenthau even went to Indianapolis and paid a surprise visit on the Allison Company, to see why its motor production was so slow. • U. S. Rent Control A A new formula for rent control—to plug loopholes, in the current program—will be announced soon by Price Administrator Leon Henderson. Henderson has reseived reports of widespread evasions of rent-freezing regulations from OP A field officers, chiefly in crowded industrial centers. In addition to evicting tenants unlawfully, there have been many cases of false sales of houses—a paper transaction whereby homes are “sold” without a down payment, and the new occupants make monthly payments far in excess of maximum rentals.. To cope with.this trick, Henderson is planning to issue ah order providing that there be mandatory cash down payments of at least $600 on all homes sold on the installment plan, and that monthly payments be lower than the frozen rent scales on the homes. Henderson also is planning to do some swift cracking down on apartment house owners who eviot tenants on trumped-up charges of lease-breaking and then rent to others at higher rental charges. Though an outright violation of the law, this practice is prevalent in a number of industrial centers.
Ag Experiment Station Is Information Center
‘The second time this week I’ve caught you bathing-—what’s going on down at the factory with all them new women workers ?”
9:00 A.M. Debris Senior Proofs;.. E. Reception Rm., Union 4:00 P.M. Gen. Electric Ser. Meeting W. Faculty Lge,, Union 4:00 P.M. Organization Meet, of Town Girls..'W. Faculty Lge., Union 7:00 P.M. War Bond Drive ShovT i Ross-Ade Stadium
News—9 min. 3:18—4:33 Wings of Defense—10 min. ..........3:27—4 :42 Fancy Answers—9 min... -3:37—4:52 Information Please No. 2—9 min... .. 3:46—5.01 Carl Hoff and Band—10 min. .. ... .3:55—5:10 Unusual Occupations—10 min. - 4:0 5—5:20 Meet the Champs—10 min.........^... ...3:00—4:15—5:30 Chef Donald—8 min .3:10—4:25—5:40 OUT—5:48
By Richard Kohls At the corner of Marstellar and State streets, hiding behind heavy green vines and the sign, “Agricultural Experiment Station”, is a building from which a stupendous amount of information flows out into tlie state. This information may be in the form of simple mimeographed sheets, leaflets or complete bulletins. It may cover anything from how to preserve fruit to how to buildi a barn. All of this printed material originates in a group of five rooms in the northeast corner of the Agricultui’al Experiment Station’s basement. After braving a long row of portraits of old “pillars of the station”, the. student in Search of information comes first to tho mimeograph room. Here a staff lyf three girls is kept busy throughout the year turning out facts on two mimeograph machines and a multilithe, 3,000,000 Copies Per Year About 3,000 stencils are cut, from which some 3,000,000 copie.s are run off in a year. Besides this, some 600,000 copies are run off the multilithe. This great volume of printed paper i.s then taken across the hall to the as.sembly room. Down the hall is the press room, where two presses, togethei’ with an electric stapler and foldei', turn out thousands of leaflets, letterheads and government franked cards, yearly. Next door is the..Extension Mailing Room, over which Mrs. W. Ray Patterson has lield sway for some fifteen year. Mailing List Expands In these years, Mrs. Patterson has seen the mailing list increase from a few thousand up to last year’s to-, tal of over 6,000,000 publications. These were sent out • to county agents, home demonstration agent:;, farmers, and thousands of other interested peple-~aiul perhaps to a few thousand jwlio were not so interested. La:;t yea)-, forty extension bulletins were published from each of which 7,000-8,000 copies v/ere printed; ' : In another room sits Miss Gertrude Cox, who has ruled the- Sta-
tion Bulletin Room for twenty years. She, too, has seen her domain grow froni a few' pamphlets to hundreds of bulletins on file. Besides the great' number on file, fifteen new bulletins, eleven circulars and fourteen miscellaneous articles were published by the Station last year. Around 6,600 copies were publishedi of each of these. Allen Furnishes Pictures To these, thousands of printed woi-ds, of course, must be added pictures. So to fill this need, exists J. C. Allen. Every year photographer Allem takes over 3,000 pic-, turos, vai'ying fi'om staff pictures to pictures of the prize Herefords. So, putting pictures and words together, this group of rooms turns out the suggestions and pointers which are making Indiana agriculture great. Especially now in war time, the Experiment Station is important in keeping each farmer infoi'ined as to the latest developments in the plans and wishes of his government.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4lh and Main Sts. i Lafayette
com pi e e board wif h jobs available
Apply
Wirt Joins Applied
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
fitv iuok Store
Acruss From UdIuu “Bed** Soniiiiopfi *29 “Dot:** Epple *40
Cary Nall (Sauih)
Dear: Editor: I think that an article should be run in the Exponent telling the students more about the grading system now used. No one knows what the purpose of cutting the “point five” off of the six was for. No one knows if there is still an “H”, and if there is, is it equivalent to the “6” now used. I’m sure I speak foithe students of Pui'due ;when I ask you to enlighten us. Thanks— martin HIMELESS
Dr. S. E. 'Wirt, who received his doctor’s degree in applied psychology from the University . last semester, has been appointed research professor of industrial psychology with the rank of assistant professor in the division of education and applied psychology. The appointment has been subsidized for two years by Bausch and Lomb Optical Company, which also has loaned several instruments for Dr. Wirt’s studies to the psychological lahoiatories. He has been chiefly concerned with problems in industrial vision.
We think Martin should know that earlier in the semester, the Exponent publishej a couple of articles explaining this matter. More detailed inl'ormatiqri concerning the University’s gradlrig system can be found iu the University catalogue, and in the Rules and Regulations, which every student should have read. However, to save him and his confused compatriots trouble—all letter grades have been abolished and the grades run, in order of merit: 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. The 6 is not the old “H” grade, but is given for especially meritorius work. Martin is Uo doubt very justified
in his confusion on the subject of the “6” grade, however. University
BASED UPON THE COMIC STRIP CREATED BY CHIC YOUNG
get together on when and why they should award, a “6”.—Ed.
A Bl'# TODAY j AMS and TOMORROW 1
WANTA TINKER? equipmenf all af EDGERTON HDW. INC. E. W. VanMefer, Pres.
-todaydouble FEATURE
The Funniesf laugh and love show of the year!
Paramount proionlt
with BARBARA STANWYCK HENRY rONDA
PLUS-—--lET A NEW STARl
ilarringK AY ^ WALTER FRANCIS-HUSTON and introducing . GLORIA WARREN Only IS and $hii $ing$ hk« a inillionl A NiW WARNER BROS. HIT With PATTY HALE • FRANKIE THOMAS • BORRAH MINEVITCH & HIS RASCALS • Oliflciod by JQ GRAHAM
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
HAL ROACH
preitnli
itVoOi
m
Phil BROWN . Reginald OWEN • Henry TRAVERS • Evelyn ANKERS • Screen Play by Lawrence Kimble, Bertram Millhauser • Directed by George B. SelD; • Produced by Edgar Selwyn
PLUS
TODAY-FRI.-SAT. TWO FIRST-RUN HITS
'it.
r »
' r Jii'M I
>
f f, j f ■> f; i, t
ThitFsddy, September 24, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Pages
Saturday’s Game Looms As Aerial Skirmish
Laitibert Drills Frosh, Varsity Hardwood Men With Indianans annual attack of “Basketball Fever” m the offing) Coach Ward “Piggy” Lambert has been drilling his varsitj^ and freshman team candidates nightly on the Intraijaural basketball floor in the Fieldhouse Coach Lambert now &as a squad of about 75 working out and more are expected at
the end of football season
So far, three members of this year’s Indiana All-Star team have answered the basketball callout Among these is Jim in addition to these, there are two Ertel, SIX foot, four inch second semestei fieshmen, Tom brother of former All-Ameri- Blower and Max Biggs, who will be can Mark Ertel of Notre Dame competition m _ , - . _ , , December Brower starred for Burl Jim hails from Tipton and was peddle at South Side of Fort Wayne
INTRAMURALS WiWcafs Mcet
Iowa Pre-Flight
one of the mainstays in the onepomt victory over the Kentucky
All Stars
Clay Moody, a product of Burris of Muhcie“--runnerup to the Wash
and Biggs was one of the leading scorers in the North Central Conference while playing foi Abie Mas ters at Jefferson of Lafayette Eddie Ehlers, six foot, three inch.
ington Hatchets for last year’s state 180 pound netter fiom Central of crown—is also an All Star who is South Bend is one of the outstand practicing nightly Another mem ing sophomoie candidates foi a var bei of the AIJ Star squad who has sity berth Other promising sophs reported is Bill Lodge of Madison are Kennedy Kercheval, Moore,
Lodge, star foi ward on Madison’s McVey and Biddle
1941 runnerups, was twice picked Prom last yeai’s varsity squad, on the Indianapolis News All State Coach Lambert has only five return
team ing netmen
1 2 ^^North Thitd St
Fluorscent Desk Lamp 18-INCk SHADE $6-95 INCLUDES BULB
Easily portable Smart bronze crackle fiiiisli White enameled reflecting suiface On off switch in base, 18 inch shade, uses 15watt fluorescent tube Ideal for school work
Phone 4039
Are you the Daguerreotype or the ArrowTy^Ql
D
EEP hieatliely and ptqtmre youiaelf in
oi^e of Arrow’s new prtd^-ewelling white eliirte They’re tops in authentic styling and sport a collar that made history Sanfoiized-la-heled (fabric shiirikage less than 1%). Cost less
than you’d expect.
.^^2.25 up
★ BUy M. S WAR AND ^AMRS ★
ARROW SHIRTS
TIES* COLtARS • HAROKERCHIEf S • UNDERWEAR • SPORT SHI'RTS ^ <'
^uUwtLL Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE
P ImmApM
The first round of the Inter Fra ternity Golf Tournament must be completed Thursday evening. Sept 24 Anyone not knowing who he meets in the first match, please call the Intramural Office, 2875 It is necessary that these matches be played as scheduled, as nearly as possible Please consult the schedule on the Intramural Bulletin Board for future matches The following All Campus Tennis matches must be played Thursday evening. Sept 24, at 4 15 Court 1 Dave Rodgers vs Bob Cameion 2 H P Voth vs Bill Hopkins 3 Bob Wells vs R G Hannam 4 E P Wells vs G E Gifford 5 Knobby Walsh vs J A Andeison 6 George Taylor vs H Miller The following Fraternity Softball games will be played Thursday eve ning. Sept 24, at 4 15 Diamond 1 Alpha Sigma Phi vs Alpha Gamma Rho 2 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 3 Sigma Nu vs Phi Kappa Phi 4 Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 5 Phi Kappa Psi vs Delta Upsilon 6 Alpha Chi Rho vs Sigma Pi 7 Delta Tau Delta vs Pi Kappa Alpha 8 Beta Theta Pi vs Delta Chi 9 Alpha Tau Omega vs Acacia 10 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Sigma Chi 11 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Phi Kappa Sigma 12 Triangle vs Lambda Chi Alpha 13 Phi Sigma Kappa vs Phi Kappa Tau 14 Theta Chi vs Phi Kappa 15 Phi Delta Theta vs Beta Sigma
Psi
16 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Theta Xi
The following Sophomoi'e Tdiulis Singles matches will be played L’riday evening. Sept 25, at i-1^,
Couit
1 J^H Anderson vs J M Aliter 2 D H Rodgers vs F E Sines 3 Jack Cohen vs Dick Gtaham 4 J D Thomas vS Bob Hartnam5 G E Gifford vs W W Dingle 6 Bill Mosei vs H K Vqth 7 S G Eaton vs R. W^ IJrreide:^ 8 George Kern vs L E* Flora 9 Jim Baldwin vs C G Clarke 10 A J Weirbergei vs A1 CyoftS 11 J A Kerns vs J, G. itifchell 12 G N Vriens vi^ M.Xbng 1? R W Fieymartvp C^fetockman 14 Sidney Blitz vs tlibffTOal 16 D G Robihson vs R Li Knapp 16 M J Gardnfer vs S' j*^rbequst ^ 1The fiist round of ^th^*All Campus Golf Tournament must bq completed by Friday evening, Sept^TJiber 25 Cards have been sept to fil|>t!h0se enteiing for whom we h4ve addreg^ps available listing their opponent Anyone who has not received such a card please call the Intramural Office, No 2875, immediately and ask who your opponent is There is a complete schedule posted on the Intiamuial Bulletin Board at all times Please consult this board for future matches
The following Junior Senior Ten nis Singles matches will be played Friday evening. Sept 25, at 4 15 Court 17 P J Lemmgervs M J Schneider 18 C B Paiiish vs Bill Kiaybill 19 Pat Gibbons vs Wib Luley 20 C B Fiancis vs George Black 21 Lou Cohen vs H R Henderson 22 D L Johnson vs C W Hayward 23 K V Smith vs E E Jett 24 J M Huiwich vs W L Schalliol
Team Saturday Evanston, 111, Sept 24—Northwestern university’s football team will open its season against the Iowa Pre Flight team. Sept 26, with an all-junioi backfield consist ing of Otto Graham and Don Buff mire, halfbacks, Ed (Buckets) Hiisch, and Dud Kean, quarterback All four made their collegiate de buts last year and moved up to the first team following the graduation of eight senior backs frofn the 1941 squads Despite the preponderance of vet eran backs last year, this quartet made an impressive showing Gra ham led the team in passing with 36 completions out of 76 attempts, while Buff mile had the best average gam on running plays He gained 87 yards in 17 attempts for a 5 7average per carry Hirsch was second to Buff mire in average gain per carry, totaling 235 yards in 49 attempts for a 4 7 average Kean who is also adept at ball carrying as well as kicking has been shifted from halfback to quarterback where his skill as a blocker will be used to advantage It will be homecoming for four members of the Iowa team when they face Northwestern The for mei Wildcat stars who are mem bers of the Seahawk eleven are George Benson, fullback. Bob Daly, end, John Haman, center, and Bob Swisher, halfback
Riveter Backs Prepare Pass Oitensei Line Polishes Defense Stressing passing as the keynote of yesterday afternoon’s practice. Coach Elmer Burnham continued his final preparations for the Fordham Ram game which will be played Saturday afternoon in the Stadium An aerial offensive, with either Smock, Chester, Stram or Berkley doing the hurling, may be the mam part of the offense against the men from end, since one full squad of Ime Rose Hill luen was lost by graduation and the Acnordina to last vear’s rec- services Other things which have ^ ^ J- , tended to hurt Riveter’S hopes ®Te ords, the east S most efiective injuries of Ewell O'Bryan, vetforward passing attack will meet gran left tackle from Terre Haute, the nation’s tightest aerial defense and Cecil David, promising sophoDefensively, the Boilermakers have more guard from Hammond O’Brybeen woiking on a screen against an may be able to see action by the the bullet like heaves of Steve Vanderbilt contest, since his disloFihpowioz, Fordham’s candidate for gated shoulder should mend by that All-American fullback Filipowicz time, but David is lost for the seacompleted 37 of his 101 attempts, son because of a broken collar bone
which were good for 724 yaids
Same Defense
Burnham’s men were using some Boilermaker foi-ward wall should be of the same type of defenses against one of the heaviest lines seen herepasses that were used so success abouts in the past few years, as fully when the Riveters held their Burnham’s present aggregation will opposition to a total of 21 comple- tip the scales a little over 200 tions in eight games, which was the pounds from end to end One of the best aerial defense record in the likeliest combinations to meet the nation While working on these de Rams will be Forrest McCaffrey and fenses, the Riveters did not for- rui Shimer at ends, Bruce Warren sake their own offense especially in and Barry French at tackles, Dick the ail, as Kenny Smock, Bob Ches Barwegen and Frank Ruggieri at tei and sophomoies Andy Berkely guards, and Alex Leugo at center and Heniy Stiam weie consistently of the above are inexpenhitting their marks to Forrest Me enced, with the exception of French Caffrey and Bill Shimei, who did and Warien, who did see considermost of the receiving able action last year All of the men One of the main obstacles ifi are upperclassmen with the excep Burnham’s way is his forwaid wall, tion of Dick Barwegen who is a as he has to rebuild it from end to sophomoie from Chicago
Heavy Line
Even with these setbacks, the
322 MAIN STREET.
LAFAYETTE
Riveter Foes See Action Saturday
By Don Brewer Two teams already having jumped the gun in collegiate gridiion com petition, eight other Boileimakei pigskin foes will launch their sea sons this Saturday Encounters in Hoosierland, besides the all im portant Riveter Ram clash in Ross Ade Stadium will featuie Bo Mc Milhn s Fightin’ Hoosiers playing host to the Butler Bulldogs at Bloomington and the Fightin’ lush staging a show for Wisconsin at South Bend Last week the Bulldogs fell to Xaviei to the count of 21 14 in a rain dienched contest, and fiom all repoits the Cream and Crimson should have a bieather” in their first game The Badger squad, fresh from a 7 0 victory over Camp Grant’s eleven last Saturday will be opposing another mighty lush com bination, with Hariy Stuhldreher a little woiried over what Frank Leahy might be pulling out of the bag Buckeyes Meet Fort Knox Off Indiana soil Coach Paul Blown s Buckeye squad will face
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
the service team of Fort Knox, coached by Joe Bach, former mem ber of the Seven Mules in front of the Four Horsemen at Notre Dame in 1924 The starting Knox team will average an amazing 212 pounds on the line and 198 pounds in the backfield against the 188 pound Ohio State lifie However, the Buck eye mentor is counting on speed and passing to win his ball game Another service encounter will see Col Bernie Bierman’s Iowa Naval Cadets, one of the outstanding squads of the country, appear in Evanston’s Dyche Stadium against the Northwestern Wildcats The Bier man rivalry with Lynn Waldorf carried on for many years with Bernie at Minnesota with the Gophers holding an edge of five vie tones to three since Bierman moved m in 1932 The Seahawks boast for mer Wildcats George Paskvan and Ed Jankowski, and Waldorf well knows their power With the North western attack centering on triple threat Otto Graham, anything can happen Iowa, Nebraska Clash Di Eddie Anderson’s Iowa Hawk eyes, who opened then season last week with a 26 7 triumph over Washington of St Louis will face a powerful Cornhuskei aggregation which has won the past eight tilts from Iowa Nebraska will again be
the overlord but wrth the game on Iowa soil the Huskers will have no little difficulty Jim Youel and Tom Farmer are out to cut those onepornt Nebraska wins to one point losses Great Lakes Michigan Biggest rivalry, or rather reunion, will be the Great Lakes Michigan clash at Ann Arbor, with Lt Paul D “Tony” Hinkle and Fritz Crisler, former Chicago teammates, opposing each other on the gridiron Hinkle’s line, like the Fort Knox forward wall, averages 216 pounds, as compared to the Wolverine 191 pound line, and the hosts are outweighed nearly 25 pounds to the man Tom Kuzma, Michigan powerhouse, might hold the decision in his hands, however, but many sports authorities are banking on the Bluejackets to win Outlook Tough With most of the Boilermaker opponents getting into full swing while Burnham engages Fordham, the outlook looks tough all around, with most of the teams playing a ten game schedule, including two service teams Records will probably be broken and schedules will be maned before the season is over Writers claim that the Western Conference champion will have at least two defeats marked against it at the end of the season this year
Sen4 tliese fragrant ^ifts l>y LUCIEN LELONG
a Lucien Lelong’s 'Tlower Caddy” conlains Petunia, Honeysuckle, White Lilac, Mignonette Four bloBBomy perfumes m
one charuung package.
$5 00
\ • Watch her eyes sparkle over this "Penthouse ’—four different Lucien Lelong perfumes under one roof A cavaher’a $3 $5 50
• A sumptuous possession iB "Jabot” Perfume . . a fragrance of sheerest elegance and grandeur. $16 50 $28
• "Cream Cologne’’ is a creamy white liquid, new and flattering Opening Night, and Balalaika iragrances $150 $2 50 $150
• "Pochette” is a httedmako* up kit she il go wild over. Contains lipstick, powder
and rouge.
416 MAIN
ALL COSMETICS SUBJECT TO 10% TAX DECKER’S
$3 50
416 MAIN
i:fr' ■{■4 P*'
^4
ffurdue M^xponmt
A tMufsduy, Sppimmk^r 44
6£ Will €ondu(l Photographs Hoi^e Ec Inshuctors Irttewiews Today - BwW/ng q ^ Conference
^ ex'** »-\Vt rii»-» Tl /MV% "
Here Saturday
PIA Dance Classes Will B0gin Sept. 29
WRht Elects
Semester Officers
Twenty eight photogiaphs fiom
With the changed conditions due hbiaiy of Di Alma Long of the to wat, every aWe bodied man ex- (j^pa, tment of education and applied pects to wo/rk fm hts counti V eithei psychPlogy will be exhibited in the in the armed services or in industiy, laboiatoiies of the applied design and it IS onlv on this basis that the depai tment in Building No 2 until men at Purdue are thinking Octobei 6, Miss LaurentzU Schantz
a ^ i -ff f
Elections for this semestei weie
i JiultftHl and Sophomores There has been an inciease In the quota for‘the Advanced Coulee ROTC All students wWiil have com pleted the ba^fc course ROTC and who have thtee or four terms in the University And who desue aiJvanced MilitaVy traifiihg see Capt McMaUen in the Armory for details
—McMAKUN
Stirtent Art Guild Meeting Thur*^#: 1^
5 p tn in loom 86 of the Union
inter’eCTed is itivited to attetjd ’ WAA CoAncil Meeting dn IfhuWrfay^
Sept 54 at 5 ^ m
English and Speech Conditional Exkfhs Advanced Military Students All br^adei
held Monday night m all three units Examipations for the removal of-condltlons regimental battalion and executive officelf^ +ho Womco'c! T?ooidone« ‘fTnlls m Unglish and Speeiih wPl be giVen on report to the Armory at 7 IB p m„ “W
of the Women’s Residence iHalls Those elected were as follows
PIA will hol(T the fi^st of its an nudl senes of dance classes Tuesday Septembei 29, at 7 30 p m in the noith balhoom of the Union The classes will continue on the sue
ceeding Mondays
New teacheis of vocational home Coeds wtih PIA mcmbeiships will Noith Mall president, Katherine economics fiom Tippecanoe and admitted to the classes free of seci-etary-tieasurer, Dorothy
neat by counties wiR hold a dish ict chaige, but all othei students witl Doddiidge, social chairmah. Pa- _ „ Following this Idea, the Geneial Hansen head of th'e depaltment,an- confeience at the University next be chaiged a |2 60 fee Tickets are ti^^ia Edwaids, South HalV piesi-
Electric’s lepresentatives, C C nounced yesteiday Satuiday, accoidmg to Miss Wave available at the fiist class dent, Peggy Luehrs, secretary- ,a hmfted And those desiring; td cpMst shoWd fioughan R b MeUah^ R V JureMufAdams,’05, and P Y Tumy,’09, will exhibit is lepiesentahve of Bowes, district supeivisor of teach- The classes will be instiucted by tieasuier, Isabelle Oldham, social A^r^^iy"asTo™n®aVposmbie“"®"’‘’"''^ “ -'S**
be bn the campus today to give ^be many photographs Di Long has eis of the division of education and Allen and will last for appioximate- chauman, Patsy Bishop, Wood
sejriior mechanical and electrical en- developed and punted while applied psychology at the Uinvei jy ^ half houis
guieers all possible help m deciding i^g^by of cameia ait sity
Saturday afternoon October 10 from 4 in Poom 201 University Hall i Removal of condition cards obtainable at' the Eng lish Uffice should be properly niTcd out and the S2 00 fte paid pridi to tHd eiiammatloa
—CREEK
BALL'
Physical Exam Weykessi Students woricdd during physical eXaiBs rimy thei? ehefeks by callpik’ at tue Pudeiit
Health Service
Enlisted Reserve Corps Juniors and sen Pistol Teftm
-MILLER M D
The folloaiing listed ituv
whether it shall he industry or the
aimed seivices
This will not be the usual pielim inaiy interview noi the final type of interviews where offers aie ac tualljl made, Rathei it will be a group meeting held m the West Fac ulty Lounge in the Union at 4 00
duiing the last thiee years The The pi ogi am, which will deal with subjects include childien, animals, wai timeteachingpioblems,willinfarm scenes, snow pictuies and poi- elude talks by Miss Bowes, Piof tiait studies Muiial McFarland, acting dean of
Miss Maigaiet Culvei, chaiiman women. Mis Jeanette Paivis and ^ of the exhibit committee stated that Miss Ethel Lewis of the Univeisity gjj^gg^g asked to bring their own following this shovring a group of staff. Miss Kathleen Jewett of t^ accompanist Anything in a musical
Music Auditions will be held today fiom 3 6 p m m the WBAA studios Applicants must appear in person, and all
bakei,
Rippetoe,
Brown-
P M and \yil/be only to inform the watercolors by contempoiaiy artists West Lafayette high school staff, desired x' J¥1 ana win oe oniy to iiuorm liio Mico MaTxr TToHmpin nf Ainbrn. aiiH
studfehts as fully as possible so that they can make up then own minds
prior to the final inteiview
Personnel Notes Brewster Aeronautical Corp, Johnsville, Pennsylvania—Septem bei 23 and 24 A E , M E , C E Pratt & Whitney Aircraft, E Hartford, Connecticut—September 23 and 24 Proctor & Gamble Co, Ivorydale, Ohiil—Septembei 24 and 25 National Tube Company, Loiain, Ohio—September 25 M E , Met E ,
E E
VoHght Sikorsky Aircraft, Stiat ford, Connecticut — Septembei 28 and 29 Firestone Tire & Rubber Co , Ak ron Ohio—October 5 and 6 ME, Ch E , Chem , P S E Also girls interested in laboiatory work and drafting Aluminum Company of America, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania—Octobei 6 Interested in MetE, ME ChE, PSE EE B F Goodrich Co, Akion, Ohio —October 8 Vickers Incorporated, Detroit, Michigan—Octobei 12 and 13 Intel ested in M E , Aero E , Ch E , Met E , P S E Sign in Personnel Office bef01 e Monday, October 6 Standard Oil Development Company, (Div of Std Oil of N J ), Elizabeth, New Jersey Coming
soon
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation, Burbank, California—October 6 American Locomotive Company, Schenectady, New Yoik—October 7 Intel ested in M E , Met E , Ch E
Bond Rally
(Continued from page 1)
7 47-
Miss Maiy Holtman of Ambia,_and Miss Mary Mather of Montmoienci
To Discuss Problems
The entile subject of homemaking teaching in secondaiy schools in this
Red Cl OSS Demonstration on aiea will be discussed, with special t^^-sgeld attention to problems encounteied 7 60—P E Lull—bond gales teacheis
7 66-Jeffeison High School Band The confeience is foi home eco (Entiance—SW Ramp, G2) teachers fiom Tippecanoe, shop „ XT TT X /avi Tj Benton, White, Clinton, Cass, Mont 7 56-Navy Entianee (SE Ramp) Hendiicks, Boone, Foun-
tain, Wairen and Can oil counties Valparaiso held a similai meet-
ing last Tuesday
-GRAHAM
Hall president, Roberta Stude- Ponltry CInb There will be a picnic on eoniutni V . tTOnaiivAr Arm Thursday September 24 All will meet at secietaiy-treasurer, Ann i,tramurai Field at 4 Jo to social chairman, Betty play softball Roast chicken dinner will
be seived in the Poultry Pavilion at 6 p m
Free to freshmen 2oC to others
—BOOKElt
Summer Marriage Course Enrollees Promised booklets from Dr Buikhart are in the office of Dp Wilkening dean of men Those who dtsire may obtain them by calling anytime from 9 to 4 p m
- PATRICK
Playshop Sorority Ticket Committee Will all members please report total ticket sales Phone 3101 —SIMPSON
r Sutherland D R
Notices
00-
come to
(Gl)
Navy Inductees fiont of stage
8 03—Navy Induction 8 08—Anchois Aweigh—Jeffeison Band, Navy Men and Glee
Club
8 09—Navy leave field 8 09—Putdue Band play foi ROTC
Entiance (Gl)
8 20—Salute to the Flag—ROTC
8 22—America—Audience 8 27—ROTC leace field 8 27—P E Lull Bond Sales
8 32—Entei West Lafayette High futuie
School Band (Gl)
8 32—OCD CAP Home Guaids 8 36—-Demonstiation by Civilian
Protection School
8 42—Piesentation of Ceitificate to Aluminum Company of
Classified
Ads
Wanted—Student with experience in ra dio seivicG worlv with time available to act a3*<bhop assistant Phone 4)00 The
Typewriters Repaired All makes Work ffuaianteed Rates reasonable Monty Montana Wesley Fo indation 41o State
Phone b) r
Hrstory Gov and Econ *C Removal Fxaminations for the removal of conditions and incompietes in Hifat Econ and Go\
room''313^lf ?herecitSmn“ui?d,nV Zvh- «« ^oui chcc'ks may be obtained by callim.
cation must be made in advance
Military Department Registratioh Wok'k
rs Youi checks ma> at the supply bffice
-ESTEY
Money to loan on diamonds watches guns uggage typewriters Albert s A-.oan Office
•J07 Oolombia
Jr and Sr Enlisted Reservists All 3un lors and aenioxs in the Enlisted Reserve CoiTJs who are interested in taking the course in Leadership Military Courtesy and Discipline and Organization of the Army should sign up in the Adjutants Office in the Armory prior to September 23 —GRAHAM Chemistry 3 and 4 Examinations for re moval of conditions will be offered Septem ber 2b at 1 00 p m —PEARCE Registration Workers Students who worked for the registrar during fall term registration may obtain their checks by calling at the registrar s office —STONE
the Armory —BROWN
WAA Tennis All interested in entering Tennis tournamtr t should report three practices to the Head of Tennis by Friday —WENDELL Poultry Club Correction of announce mtnt of piLiiic Poultry Clib picnic—Sept 24 1942 Softball at 4 30 p m on the IntiimuiaJ Fjeld south section Roast chicken dimiei at 6 p m in the Poultry Pavilion Free to freshmen poultry stu dents 25c tq others —KESSLER Removal of C and I Grades in C E 41 An examination for the removal of C and I j^rades will be held in room 125 of Heavi Ion Hall from 1 30 to 4 30 p m on Oct 10 Pei mission to take the examination tnust be obtained fiom F W Greve prior to Oct 6 —GREVE
Passport Pictur’est Any student whb Mi not yet had his identification photojprapli tdk^en shotild Report to room 2 in tWe RloV ogy Budding on Friday September f6 be tWeen the hours of 8 00 aWd 4 8<k p m ^ on Saturday mornihg September 26 be
tween the hours of 10 00 and
Modern Dance There will be no meeting Thursday night Sept 24 Come to prAe
tices on Monday Wednesday or
at 4 D m —SBltiBAN AWS House Council TheM will be a
meeting of AWS Independent house
scntatiVes Monday Sejt 28 at 4 p m in room 303 of the Union Etections wiH ba held at this time —^SERBAN Camera Club Locker aseignments will be posted it) the darkroom book ai the
desk by Friday Sept 26 _
—TRUEBLOOD
Camera Club All lockers must be vac^ed 01 signed for by Thursday Qct 1 If 0064 hey will be opened to make room for active members If you have a locker be sOre it IS assigned to you m the darkroom bbok, or call me 36692 TRUEBLOOD j Pistol Tedfn Practice will be held at 4 p m Saturday Sept 26 in the Aripp^y in conjunction with tryouts for neW ieam members —BROWN AeromodUrs Important meeting at 7 00 p m Thursday Sept 24 i» room 80 of thO Union Flans for the activities of the cqm ing semester will be formulated All m^m bers new and old should attend
—SMITH
Outing Club Plans Semester Program Members of the Outing Club made tentative plans foi the present se mestei at then fiist outing of the year held laSt Sunday at the WAA cabin Twenty interested students attended and helped in setting up a schedule of activities foi the near
On next Wednesday, the gioup will go skating at Maple Point Any men oi women students who are in tei ested aie invited to attend All membeis and piospective membeis are to meet at the west door of the
Typewriters—Adding maenines ail mkkee sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff G05 Main Lafayette Phone 2779 Will pay cash for any old or new used hioycles Kiger Shell Seivice Northwestern at Columbia Lost—I ibeity bievcie Left Sept 10 in fiont ot Cary Hall Southwest Phone Sl’l Reward Leroy R icl
Carrier Wantedfice or phone 3053
-Ap] ly at Exponent of Ask for Klouman
Ameiica, Ross Geai & Tool Union Building piomptly at 7
Lost—September ^2 wine and black fig urod Pai! er pen No ident fcation Call 212 Cloria Specht Reward Lost—A pink ncckl ce lost luesday afternoon Call 221 Reward Wanted—Bovs to work banq ots Apply in Ui ion Cafeteria Lost—Red reveisible jacket with A H S high school insignii Reward Phone 1314 Lost—Black wallet name Byron Pigg n s de Reward Phone 4916
Packard Motor Car Company, Aircraft Engine Division, Detroit, Michigan—Interested in December Engineers Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, Septembei 29 Poultry Club To Hold Banquet Tonight Poultry Club will give a banquet this evening at 6 in the Poultiy Building The meeting is open to members and anyone intei ested in the oigamzation Preceding the meeting theie will be a ball game on Intramuial Field at 4 if weathei permits If those inteiested in the club cannot go to the game, they aie still invited to the filed chicken banquet The banquet is free to all fieshmen and will cost 25c for uppeiclassmen
Go and The Fairfield Man ufactuimg Co (Ray Flem mg) 8 44^—Industiial and Puidue leports 8 48—Faim Tableau 8 52—Faim Neighboihood Wai Service Units v Report— Leila Gaddis 8 56—Puidue Band 8 56—Puidue Physical Fitness Demonstiation 9 02—-Purdue Zouaves Squad Demonstration 9 12—Women War Saving Staff Repoits 9 17—Entiance of Doiothy La moui 9 29—Miss Lamoui escoited to stage with platfoim partj 9 32—Eugene C Pulliam intio duces Miss Lamoui 9 34—Elizabeth Hicks presents floweis to Miss Lamoui 9 35—Ghlee Jenkins piesents Scroll and lepoit 9 37—Miss Lamour 9 57—Miss Lamoui leads Star Spangled Bannei 10 00—Miss Lamoui asks foi piay ei foi victory and peace 10 00—Piayei—Rabbi M H Simon 10 02—Lights On—the end Subscribe fo Your Campus Daily
Futuic activities will include bicycle hikes, ice skating paities and a possible tiip to McCoimicks Cieek State Paik
Bicyclists 411 bicycle riders riding after dark without head light will be brought into City Court and fined The action is necessary due to increasing accidents —^West Lafayette Police Dept Subscribe To Your Campus Daily
Lost—Two raincoat at . return Rewaid Call 7242
\alon Jack
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
Senior Cord Pants
Made with Slide Rule Pockets and Zipper Flys$^.00 DEWENTER’S 416 Main Street
OUT-BRITISHING THE BRITISH A thick-ikinnsd All-Ameri-can Brogue iHbt s making «hoe hiitory Plump, softgrained lops and extra-lift solot Bulky . . , but one of Ml* moll comfortablo choti yeu'vo «et fool in
Ip m ^ jyi Jll j
X-RAY FITTING
A. 6. C. Shoe Co.. Inc.
406 Main Si.
Phone 2001,
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
MEN'S HATS t Do Get Out of Shape • But NOT Out of Style
Our skill will restore your felt hat . ol the cost of a new one.
. at a fraction
DIAL 7278
132 NORTHWESTERN
ilMIBICAK LAUiRY
SUBSCRIBE NOW!
CDmiL THiAL. me
9a&jusl
OME SEMESTER . . .
. . $1.75
TWO SEMESTERS . . .
. . $3.00
MAILER AMYWHERE . .
. . $3.50
Far the latest in Campus, City, and World Mews
HEAD THE EXPDI Your Eampus Paper Phone 4005
mi