t if
> '-JV ' ^ ( ■/ f
¥ T
''' .its
QThe Pursue lExpcneitl
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVin
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1937
NUMBER
Miller Advises Typhoid, Poxl Vaecinations
University Physieian Issues /Warning Against Diseases After Flood
University students whose homes are in the flood areas are cautioned by President Elliott and Dr. S. J. Miller, head of the student health service, to be vaccinated at once against small pox and tjrphoid fever as precautions against future outbreaks of the diseases due to after effects of the flood. Dr. Miller’S open letter to all students concerned is as follows:
To all students concerned: All students whose homes are in the flood and surrounding area, who have not received typhoid innoculations within the last three years are advised to be inoculated at once. The existing flood disaster has made the drinking water in those localities unsafe for the present and uncertainties will exist for many more months to come. Students should be inoculated at once regardless of their intention of not going home in the near future. This will allow the body the amount of time necessary to build up a high degree of immunity. A Smallpox epidemic is a possibility under the prevailing conditions. Students who have never been vaccinated are especially advised to take such action. The Student Health Service will inoculate or vaccinate any student as a part of the regular service. The hours of 8:30 a. m. and 3:30 p. m. will be set aside for this service for the rest of the week.
S. J. MILLER, M. D., Director Student Health Service.
SigmaTJ^Hear? Dr. Cable Tonight
Dr. R. M. Cable, of the biology department will speak on “The Origin And Evolution Of Paraciticsm” at the meeting of Sigma Xi, national Science honorary fraternity, to be held tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. He will deal with the manner in which complex life cycles have been developed.
January 28, 1937 PERHAPS you’ve heard this one, and then again maybe you haven’t, but it actually happened recently: A psychology professor hypnotized a student for the benefit of his class and during the demonstration, mentioned to the subject that he owed the professor a dollar. The next morning the student appeared with the dollar . . . and insisted on paying off the debt! —30— ALWAYS be good, work hard, serve your commimity, and when you die people will say . . . “How much did he leave?” —30— LOSS of life and property, disease and suffering, such as never before recorded in the history of the Ohio Valley, has evidenced itself during the past week. You can help alleviate these deplorable conditions by giving . . . any amount ... to the American Red Cross. Their headquarters are in the Union ... or at the Purdue State Bank. —30— QUESTION: “Curtsy, curtsy, little maW How I wonder what yoii said— Did you mutter piouS prayers, As you stumbled up the stairs?”
ANSWER: “Curses, Curses,” Said the maid As she fell upon her haid; “Curse my escort, curse my luck. He handles as though a'truck!” —30— AND so, until next semester when we resume the old grind again, it’s 30!
Jackson, Miss., Jan. 28—Covernor Hugh White, last night, denied that the widely circulated order for the wholesale evacuation of persons living along the Mississippi river, had ever been issued.
Washington, Jah. 27—‘A huge plan to move 500,000 persons living within 50 miles of the Mississippi along a 1,200 mile front extending from Cairo, 111., to New Orleans, was being organized for use if necessary by the United States Army, as the angry Ohio surged toward the lower Mississippi valley. Some 35,000 motor trucks have been mobilized by the government for immediate use in the gigantic evacuation. Thia Will be the largest wholesale movement of humanity ever caused by raging flood waters.
Louisville, Jan. 27—^In a radijo broadcast to the nation tonight. Mayor Neville Miller estimated this city’s flood deaths at 300 persons. More than 200 persons have died in three days of flood diseases, besides innumerable drownings. Twenty body’s were recovered in West End at the end of the first day’s flood rise. The river stood at 56.92 feet at midnight.
Evansville, Jan. 27—^Relief officials tonight stated that the flood crisis here had definitely passed. The level of the river was 52.9 feet at 11 o’clock tonight.
Cincinnati, Jan. 27—^With the rampant river slowly receding tonight, the city gathered its forces and surveyed the wreckage caused by flood waters. Officials estimate that the damage runs between $10,000,000 and $15,000,000.
Ljfa^utte, 27—Five refufi^m tl^i^tricken flood area arrived on the Monon last night at 6:28 o’clock. These were the first of the flood sufferers to be sent here by military oflScials.
Resistration Will Start In Armory At 8 a.m. Tuesday Students Should Brins
Schedule Cards To Be Admitted
Schedule cards for the past semester will serve as tickets for admittance to registration which will start promptly at 8 a. m. next Tuesday morning in the Armory. Distinguished students as of June, 1936 have the privilege of registering at 8 Tuesday morning or at any other time during registration. Starting at the end of the alphabet, students in good standing will be admitted according*'to schedule. Starting with the W to Z group at 8:30, registration for the morning comes to a close with the K to Lez group from 11:30 until 12. Then starting with the Has to J group the A’s are reached at 4 p. m. Unremoved C,' D, I, F’s Undergraduates and special students who have unremoved C, D, I, or F grades but are not on probation start registration at 4 p. m. Tuesday and continue through until noon Wednesday. Old students on probation register from 1 to 8 Wednesday afternoon. Graduate students may register at any time between Tuesday morning and Wednesday noon. All registration is scheduled from the end of the alphabet forward.
NO MIXER ! According to announcemept by officials, no mixer will be held Saturday night,
Princetonian editors express a great amazement that the University of Texas 'has droppeduthe honor system of examinations. Said the Texas dean: “We realized that under the system we were whitewashed hypocrites,” It works, seems, at Princeton,
it
I
LAFAYETTE INDIANA JANUARY 25 1937 COMMANDING GENERAL FIFTH CORPS AREA
FORT HAYES
COLUMBUS OHIO PROPOSAL BEEN MADE BY NUMBER MEMBERS PURDUE R 0 T C TO ORGANIZE VOLUNTEER PROVISIONAL*MOTOR COMPANY SERVICE FLOOD AREA STOP AFTER CONSULTING STATE ADJUTANT GENERAL AM ADVISED TO PRESENT MATTER TO YOU FOR INSTRUCTIONS (SIGNED) EDWARD C ELLIOTT
FORT HARRISON INDIANA JANUARY 26 1937 EDWARD C ELLIOTT REFERENCE YOUR PROPOSAL TO ORGANIZE MEMBERS PURDUE R 0 T C AS VOLUNTEER PROVISIONAL H^OTOR COMPANY FOR SERVICE IN FLOOD AREA COMMA YOU ARE ADVISED THAT REGULAR ARMY AND NATIONAL GUARD MOTOR TRANSPORTATION HAS SO FAR PROVED AMPLE SpP HOWEVER DUE TO MOVEMENT OF REGULAR ARMY TROOPS BY MOTOR FROM FORT HARRISON TO LOUISVILLE THERE MAY BE NEED AT FORT HARRISON FOR PROVISIONAL MOTOR COMPANY TO BE ORGANIZED AS YOU HAVE SUGGESTED STOP THIS HEADQUARTERS WILL ADVISE YOU FURTHER ON THE MATTER (SIGNED) NAYLOR FORT HAYES OHIO
75 ROTC Students Volunteer
Motor Companies Not Apt To See Action Lieutenant Colonel Brewer stated last night that the provisional motor companies made up of students (referred to in the above telegrams) which have been offered to BrigadierGeneral Naylor, commander of the Fifth Corps area, for service at Fort Benjamin Harrison and in the flood zone probably would not be called.
In spite of this fact,. University officers of the ROTC are organizing a group of students for the protection of the prospective refugees upon arrival here from the flood zone. Upon their arrival, refugees will be placed upon a three day quarantine by city officials. University ROTC members are being trained to protect the people during this time./-^ Although about 75 students have already volunteered their services. Colonel Brewer stated that several more could be used in the work. Anyone desiring to volunteer may sign up at the adjutant’s desk in the Armory office.
Bollman To Direct Adult Trade Class
F. W. Bollman, member of the adult education staff, will offer an adult class in pattern drafting in Michael Golden Shops starting on Thursday, February 11. The class which will cover work with sheet metals, heating and ventilating, air conditioning, and creative art, will meet in the evening. Those desiring to register for the course may secure information regarding it by getting in touch with Prof. J. D. Hoffman, head of the department of practical mechanics.
I Exam Schedule Completed
Wanna Dance? Here’s Chance
By H. Pearlberg Feel like singing and dancing now that the worry of exams is nearly over? Well, you’ll have a chance at the Union Show tryouts next Tuesday, February 2. And if your capers are neat enough, you can keep right on singing and dancing with the chorus of “Castles In The Air” until March 13, when the show is given at the Mars Theater. Tryouts are from 1 p. m. until 6:30 in the tower room of the Union Building. Six weeks of rehearsal is a long grind, but the satisfaction of being in a real show is well worth the effort.
Cary Hall Donates $366.80 To Aid Red Cross Relief Total Contributions Pass $4,000 Quota Set For Lafayette Area
University students and staff members residing in the Franklin Levering Cary Hall materially boosted the Lafayette contribution to the American Red Cross flood relief funds yesterday by donating $366.80. The contribution was made following a unanimous vote of Cary Club’s 261 members to make a collection to aid the flood sufferers. The original sizeable check that was turned over to President E. C. 'Elliott yesterday afternoon and in turn forwarded to the Red Cross, is expected to be supplemented by donations from residents of the halls who had already completed their final examinations at the time of the action and were out of town. Religious Council Aids The Purdue Religious Council has made a canvass for funds and clothing, and the abundance of bedding and clothing is being packed for removal to the American Legion Home by a busy crew of city firemen. Miss Mary J. Roseberry, secretary of the local Red Cross chapter announced yesterday that the subscription fund for the county was soaring toward the $5,000 mark the $4,000 quota set for this county having been reached Tuesday noon. Any donations which donors are unable to take to the fire department will be called for if the giver will call the clerk-treasurer’s office, telephone 6955.
55 Companies Exhibit Wares At Road Show
School Wm Comiiiite Through Tomorrow; Exhibit Closes Today
Highway machinery, equipment, and supplies valued at well over $100,000 are on display at the annual Road Show, sponsored by the Highway Materials and Equipment Association, now in progrera at the University Armory in connection with the twenty-third annual Purdue Road SchooL Fifty-five manufacturers, a record number, are showing exhibits which range from huge graders, tractors, and trucks whose weight runs into tons, to minute parts and accessories for precision instruments. One of the most significant developments noted was the shift from gasoline power to diesel power. In last year’s show the gasoline units outnumbered the diesel, but this year the predominance is reversed. One of the exhibits which attracted unusual interest was a Mar-mon-Harrington light combat tank, capable of traveling 35 miles an hour, of the type adopted for use by the United State Marine Corps. The tank, a compact piece of machinery, is powered with a Ford V-8 engine. Throngs have surroimded the display of parking meters which have aroused so much discussion since their installation in over a score of cities in an attempt to solve the parking problem. The State Highway Gommisison exhibit covering the highway planning survey drew many visitors. The Road School will continue through tomorrow morning while the Show will end at noon today.
Aretz Flights Aid Louisyille
Former Exponent Staff Member Wins Book Award
Period 14 THURSDAY, JAN. 28, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Room ChE 119 All Heav 2Q2 ChE 126 All Heav 109 Chem 115 .—-All Chem 106 Chem 20la All Chem 106 Chem 276 All Chem 320 DH 117 All * EE 5 All..: * EE 124 All * Engl A —A-F, XB, XD, XE Ed 101 Engl A G-X SC 211 Engl 14 A, B * Engl 19 A SC 14 Ent2, All * Ent7 ......All Ag 206 Geoi 3 All Hegv 202 ha 14n All HE 108 IMi35 All * Math 8 U-X * Math 4 G * ME 31 ..■r.’.’.'.r.ZB'.r.'.r.r.'ME'soersbB ME 70 All ME 114 ME 128 All * ME 231 All ME 301 Pharl35 All * Physio All * Phys 34 , A, B Phys 202 Phys 34 C-F EE 129 Phys 118 All * Period 15 THURSDAY, JAN. 28, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room AD 59 All HE 109 AE 22 ......All.. AE 202 AM 2 E-I *
B 14 All * Chem la All ED 101 Chem 3a All SC 211 Chem 109a All Chem 106 Chem 121 All SC 211 Chem 201b All Chem 320 Ed 9 All ED 201 Ed 17PEM All * EE 39 All EE 254 Engl 31 C-P,XD,XF....Et3129 GE 109 All ME 207 Hort 34 All Hort210 ME 62 All * ME 241 All ME 105 Phar33 ....All * PM 141 All G 102 Period 16 FRIDAY, JAN. 29, 8-11 A. M. Course . Divisions Room B 112 All * B 132 All * B 165 All SC 109 ChE 132 All Heav 108 Chem 101 All Chem 221 Chem 109 —....All Chem 221 Chem 181 All * Chem 135 All Chem 320 Chem 201e iUl, Chem 106 Chem 275 All Chem 421 Ec 230 All Rec 119 Ed 111 All Ed 6 Ed 140 All Ed 107 EE 190 All * P4^N134 All • ME 243 All '♦ Phys 124 All * PM 19 All *
' By W. T. Hunt
“Straw In The Wind,” a first novel by Ruth Lininger Dobson, former Purdue student, Who once worked on the Exponent staff, was published January 26, by Dodd, Mead and Company, New York. The book, winner of the $1,500 Hopwood award, deals with one Moses Borntrager, a leader in the picturesque Amish religious sect of northeim Indiana, being the story of the last years of his vigorous life. Mrs. Dobson was a freshman in the Purdue home economics school in 1928-29, leaving here to enter the University of Michigan. She had livjBd for five years in Middlebmry, Indiana, and wrote her first story about the Amish people in a freshman English class taught by Dr. Creek, head of the deliartment. She was only 16 at the time, but her story received honorable mention in the Literary contest that year, which was judged by George Ade.
Exponent Member
While at Purdue, she was a memr ber of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and Alpha Lambda Delta, and was on the staff of the Exponent, for which she wrote several features. She was a member of the debate team, of which she says, “I remember going to Illinois and losing because I didn’t know what a word meant that my opponent had based her argument on.” She also (Continued on page 2) ,
Flying under dangerous conditions between Indianapolis and Louisville, Kentucky, Captain Lawrence I. Aretz, manager of the University Airport, daily carries sorely-needed supplies to the strickeity. The flying field in Louisville has become so muddy with recent rains, according to Captain Aretz that landing is very hazardous. In describing conditions in the flood area he called it a state of havoc beyond the imagination of anyone not personally acquainted with the situation. He told of homes beswept away in the rushing waters, of seeing people waving firom the house-tops for help, of crumbled buildings and debris-filled streets, of a country so devastated that it would require months for the rebuilding process to take place, and of some sections thatmost likely would never recover. 35 other planes are making the four roimd-trips daily to the Loiiisville airport. Aretz praised Marvin Althouse, an Indianapolis pRot, as the first man to fly'serum to the
inundated city.
Patterson Quarantined
D. H. Patterson, instrubtor in modem languages, and family, are quarantined at their home, 921 Robinson Avenufl.
Clear And Cold
By Tempy nte BxpttMnt WMditr ItooM
Last night I thought I could look around the campus and find but very few people working* I was right... at least for a while. The few students who were, still hwe were studying, but I found one group worldug very hard. This group was in the Debris (^ce ,. , of all places. I inquired around and found out the group was setting a new record. It was the first time anyone had worked in the Debris offlqe after 6:30 p. m* for five years. Don’t ask me what was he* ing donq, I was bm shocked to wait and/See, The weather will bo cold and clear.‘J H V
1® Ijf;;; L'H;!' '
.>51] ■'
Page Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, January 28,1937
Flood Prevention With the mightiest flood in the history of these United States on rampage in the Ohio Valley, with new&papers flashing black headlines of the torrential rains and desolate rums of murky water, and with magazines and motion picture newsfilms picturing vivid scenes of rivers out of control and cities in watery waste, come the backers of the conservation movement with persusaive stories. They have explained up and down, backwards and forwards, left and right, that the floods are) caused by the denuding of hills and plains of trees, whose fallen leaves hold excess moisture back and thus save the farm lands from rushing water causing rivulets to turn into gullies. That this roaring water may not turn flowing wheat fields into ravished rugged hills of no value at all is another reason for asking, “Woodman, Spare That Tree.” But at present the waters continue down the hillsides gathering topsoil and thus robbing that land of its most fertile soil, continue to swollen creeks and streams to over flown rivers, which force the inhabitants of cities to evacuate and leave watersoaked and silt-covered (rarely insured) homes and fumiture. . . This is exactly what happened in the Ohio Valley this month. To prevent such a catastrophe again and to prevent dust storms, such as we had last summer, which were caused by dirt on plowed, dry farmlands pulverizing and blowing away, the conservationists offer this plan. To plant trees to hold water back on the hills and to plant prairie grass on the plains to hold down the soil are the two simple rules of successful conservation of hutnan material, and natural resources.—^R. N. W. Hell Week Restrictions Faculties, student bodies, and even fraternities themselves haye turned against Hell weeks in the past few years. Quite regularly the news comes that some organization has taken action against, or passed resolutions modifying this fraternity hazing. Northwestern University’s Interfraternity Council last week adopted a modified and a strictly regulated form of Hell week, in answer to a demand from the faculty. They have restricted Northwestern Hell weeks to period of 54 hours scheduled on dates suggested by the faculty. During this 54 hour period the pledges must be allowed two four-hour naps. All activities must be confined to the campus. Pledges must be given three meals a day, and given the proper utensils to eat with. Only junior and senior members of the chapters will be allowed to use paddles. Each fraternity must post a $75 bond to insure the proper observance of these regulations. Most Hell weeks on Purdue’s campus would come well within these regulations except for minor points.. Most pledge classes average more sleep per day during their probation, although probation periods last longer. Fraternities here are restricted to hazing only on the campus, except for two road trips a year. Road trips may well be considered one of the best features of fraternity hazing. No extreme hardship is connected with them except for the loss of a night’s sleep and exI)osure to the elements. In return for this long walk, pledges get to know each other very well. Hidden traits are very prone to appear when several 'fellows spend a night in the open in close companionship with each other.—^H. I. S.
Readers^ Opimioas The Exponent loelcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
Suggestion
On behalf of the Purdue student body, the Purdue basketball team, and particularly the
tirte $urbue exponent
Founded In 188S
1986 Member 1987 ASSOCIATED COLLEGIATE PBESS Distributors of COLLEGIATE DIGEST REPRESeNTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISING BV National Advertising Service^ Inc College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. Nbw York, N.Y. CHICAGO « BOSTON - SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGELES . PORTLAND > SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at tbs post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 Nortb Fifth Stre^. Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University ■ BDITOBIAL STAFF W. T. Hunt Managing Editor ES. H. Morris Asaoeiate Editoie—A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manlon, C. L. Sadler Sophamon Aealetants .W. M Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin. J. B. Clark, L. S. Hardin. C D. Bchroeder, H. L Stanbaek, D. B. Vance B. H. Kellogg. K. E. O’Neil,
Editor..
WOMEN'S STAFF
..Helen Creech
Associate Editors—.. .Jeanhe Janousek, Doris McCartney,
Elizabeth Fyke
Advertising Hamper Betty Barnett
' BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager. B. J. Hulse National Advertising Manager^......... L. H. Brown Loaai Advertising Manager. D. C. Miller
CMmilatioB Manager
J. P. Giraid
Editor..
BPOBT8 STAFF
L. D, Wood
Aawidato Editoiu W. H. FItteld, 8. B. Oriffitiis, B. F. Obenchain
Issne Editor—^L. S. Hardin
Boilermaker basketball coach “Piggy Lambert,” I want to make this suggestion. To those few students and people who have been crying for bipod, be reasonable, stop and think not about one basketball game, but about the scores of other games that have been played by Purdue basketball teams and played with excellent sportsmanship. Because of one instance, a few individuals decide that the crowd backing our Purdue team shows poor sportsmanship. It has been stated time and time again that the visiting teams were impressed by the good sportsmanship shown by the Boilermaker student body and team. Everyone is sorry for what happened at the Purdue-Illinois game, but acts of a few persons should not be set forth as an example of the whole student body. The rabid Illinois fan who wrote the open letters which were printed in the Exponent of Saturday, January 23rd, was prejudiced and quite unfair in his decisions concerning Piggy Lambert. He is either a genii capable of imagining night mares, or else his home town patriotism has swept away his better judgement. Would you or I condemn the able coach of a team after seeing one man commit an unsportsmanlike act? I am positive that we would not. What ever may be Mr. Lawrence’s opinion, I think we have an excellent coach, a championship team, and an excellent student body, all of whom are human and good sports. And since we are human, we are not perfect; but let us remember this as an example of how a few individuals can condemn a school. Let us show them that Purdue men and women are real sportsmen and exemplify the Purdue Sportsman’s Creed.—W. H. Fifield. What Are We Going To Do About It? To the Editor: Well, what are you going to do about it? Yes, this is a challenge from a small group of true Boilermakers who were just as disgusted with the Purdue-Illinois game as the Illinois fans were themselves. We make this appeal to you because we feel that the Exponent can have a great influence in changing the sportsman attitude of the people in this vicinity. We are not ashamed to admit that we were some of those Boilermaker fans who began to root for the Illinois team. We will go further to say that we will continue to give our support to each of Purdue’s opponents until Purdue’s team can show a great improvement in their sportsmanship. To lose a few games will mean very little to us in our future lives, but to lose the honored place that true sportsmen hold in this^ world will make a blot upon the name of Purdue that will never be removed.—Group of True Boilermakers, represented by R. W. Shaw.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER The Exponent Mill not assume responsibility .for the opinions voiced in thie cohtmn* Emck opMent ere 'solely those ef the writer.
On Middle Names It seems that almost everyone has a middle name; unfortunate indeed are those who have not. Middle- names as a rule may be divided into three main classes: those which are always hitting you in the eye, those which are never divulged, and those which are preceded only by an initial. It is usually the would-be artist who spells out his name completely. If you don’t think this is so, just look at the signatures of poets and musicians—not all do it, but many. Most people are more or less reticent about their'middle names, preferring to use only an initial. Some are so sensitive that they will refuse absolutely to tell their secrets,^ even under great pressure. Others don’t display their middle names, because using lonly the initial is the generally accepted practice. And some don’t care, and prefer to write their names in as abbreviated a form as possible There are two reasons, generally, why some people use their first initial and middle name Some may have been given such horrible excuses for first names that they are ashamed or embarrassed when forced to reveal the secret; such persons should be pitied. The others are only trying to make impressions. If they have decent first names, they try to appear significant by exploiting an, uncommon middle name. That comic strip character, J. Wellington Wimpy, presents a good example Unfortunately, it is often quite difficult to tell whether the people in this class are phon ies are are merely trying to hide horrible names.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus ac tivity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honor ary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
IT’S A TOUGH LIFE—EVERYBODY HAS GONE HOME—FINALS ALL FLONKED—NO NEWS —NO ROOM . . . SEE YOU ALL NEXT SEMESTER . . .
Book Award (Continued from page. 1)
played in “Arms And The Man,” presented in 1929 by the Playshop. Centers About Amish “Straw In The Wind” is woven about the family of Moses Borntrager, a leader of the Amish people near Goshen, Indiana. It is largely concerned with the effect that his rigid religious beliefs and his hunger for land had on his immediate family. While the novel has the usual love interest as a side-light, it is primarily a character portrayal, showing the influence of one strong will on others not quite as strong. It presents a vivid picture of the inroads made by civilization on the old religious beliefs held by the Amish, giving a realistic picture of the lives of the people. “Straw In The Wind” is an important contribution to the history of a littleknown people, and as such is worthy of the recognition afforded by the Hopwood award.
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. BISK DB. BOBERT G. RISK DB. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 f/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Perry
The thinkini; fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occaoions 26c per passenirer any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
ARC TODAY—FRIDAY—SATURDAY
BUSTER CRABBE
•—and— Eddie Quillan and Charlotte Henry In “GENTLEMAN FROM LOUISIANA” —Also— Clyde Beatty “DARKEST AFRICA” —Plus— MICKEY MOUSE CARTOON
SUNDAY and MONDAY ‘LAST OP THE MOHICANS”
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
64l Main St., Lafayette
You will be stepping out after your exams. Be prepared by having that suit cleaned and ^ pressed by the American. ^ Yoii will feel dressed up in a suit put in condition by us. Phone 3085 or leave at West Side office.
American ILaundry
—PLUS—
Harry Reser and Orch. TODAY—FRL—SAT. fciARS
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
BAFFLING CRIMES ...solved ^ , by a master sleuth.*:, on a clue as thin as thin air!
EDMUND UmE. "UNDER COVER OF NIOHT”
-PLUS 2hd BIG HIT-
LUNA
TODAY ^IDAY—SATURDAYv
%
tVb
Thursday^ January 28,193*?
THfi PURDUEJ EXPONENT
c* ■ ■ rims
The ghost of the regrettable incident at the recent Illinois game has arisen several times since then, and it is the hope of this writer that it may be laid once and for all. Several correspondents have given their ideas on the game in general and the incident in particular. Part of what has been said and
written was triie.
No one who .saw the game could deny that the action of the students and townspeople was deplorable. These accusations reflect directly upon the student body as a whole and should result in some action which would be reflected in a better, attitude at future home games.
There were criticisms made, however, which were pointed directly at Coach Ward Lambert in an entirely personal manner. The suggestion that Coach Lambert directs his men to play a fouling game with the deliberate effort to get away with murder is so preposterous that rebutal should jiot be necessary. Since a few appear to entertain this idea it would seem fit
that they be put rights
Any man, associated with basketball fes long and as intimately as Coach Lambert, knows that teaching a man to foul is causing a direct loss of playing efficiency which can mean but one thing—a correspond-
Duke University SCHOOL OF MEQICINE DURHAM. N. C. Four terms of eleven weeks are iciven each year. These may be taken consecntively (graduation in three and one quarter years) or three terms may be taken each year (graduation in four years). The entrance requirements are intelligence, character and at least two years of college work. Including the subjects q>Mifled for Grade A medical schools. Catalogue and application forms may be obtained from the Dean.
ing los6 in games won. It is felt that these criticisms were made by persons governed emotionally and with a very slight knowledge of the
Boilermaker’s Coach.
An apology to Coach Mills and the University of Illinois was du^ from Purdue, and was properly made by Coach Kizer as Director of Athletics. This was accepted by the Illinois officials who realized the outburst was from a very small body of students and townspeople who allowed their rabid partisanship to carry them away for a moment. It is regrettable that such an incident should occur but it is the fans Vko will have to effect the
cure.
(Signed) L. D. WOOD, Sports Editor.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
FAMILY
2 FIRST RUN HITS TODAY—FRI.—SAT.
I v«ivl
TODAY FRIDAY-SATURDAY
-2 FIRST RUN HITS—
Only Yesterday They Plan~ tied Their Little Home . . . TODAY THE DEATH CELL CLANGS BEHIND HIM!
Caught in a trap ol “evidence,” this boy tells his amazing story as he counts the precious minutes left of life! A stirring romanci of Murderers* Row.
Preston Foster Ann Dvorak John Beal
A heart-reaching closeup of the condemned . . . from the actual experience of one of them.
PLUS*
TEX RITTER
in
SONG OF THE GRINGO With Monte Blue and Fuzzy Knight
N. Y. U. Professor Attempts To Classify Gum-Chewers Dr. Alfred M. Nielson, professor of economic geography, New York University, has an aversion for the chewers of gum. Here is how he classifies them: “There are five types of gumchewers. First, the type which chews with a gentle, oscillating motion, like a contented cow. Next, e type which chews tp the rhythm Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. Thirdly, the kind known as the ‘railroad chewer.’ They produce a noise like the ‘clickety-click’ of a train. “Then come two types of synchronizers. First, those who ssmchronize their mouths with their pencils, and secondly, those who time the movements of their jaws with the spee,d of the lecturer.”
.SUDDEN ^RVICE
RINTIN G Offica Siailontry. 'IVaddins InviUlioM Salat Baokf, Etc.., -
6 2 8 CASSEL’S doevERRy^
RHONE
P
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Soin Phone 2828 liafayette, Ind.
Under Tlie Mirror Book notes from the Browsing Room
AR:TIST AND NATURALIST IN ETHIOPIA By Louis Agassiz Fuertes and Wilfred Hudson Osgood The portraits of birds and animals reproduced in full-color lethographic plates from Fuertes unrivalled paintings from life alone would make this book an outstanding contribution to literature. However, it is also the story of a scientific expedition to Ethiopia, undertaken before the attention of the world was turned in that direction. Dr. Osgood, Curator of Zoology at the Field Museum, as the leader of this expedition, and the writer of the day by day account of the long treks through this wild and little known country. Published as it is, after Italy’s conquest of Ethiopia, it is interesting for its faithful and unique picture of a civilization fated to disappear under present condition.
Mixed Recreation Ri Women^s Gym Saturday A mixed recreational hoinr will be held in the Women’s Gymnasium Saturday afternoon from 2 to 6 o’clock. Games, including badminton, volleyball, deck tennis, ping pong, and shuffleboard will be played. DuPont Hires Swank H. W. Swank has been employed' by the DuPont de Neumours and Company, the largest chemical company in the United States. Swank is a candidate for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in the Chemistry department next June. He will be located at Buffalo, New York after February 1.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop
in the
VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Magazine Shows Purdue Loeomotim Among the 51 photograph trating a iSTational Geographic Magazine article entitled “Trains Chf Today And Tomorrow” written J. R. Hildebrand, was a pf the Vauclain-Purdue No. 4, testingplant locomotive used in eonneetion with engineering stndies here. A special reprint of the article, that appeared in the November, 1936 issue, recently was made available by the magazine, Purdue was a pioneer in establishing a locomotive testing plant, permitting students to do laboratory investigation on railway engineering problems. Forty years ago, the University first experimented with wind resistance and streamlining.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
HAL KEMP and KAY THOMPSON Chesterfield’s Friday Night Show
^ AU these lamps bear the t^prevat tag ef the Ulamhsatiug Eagitieeriag Society, Leek Mi*,i
Page Fow
THE EtTBDlfB EXPONENT
Thursday, January ^8,1987
CANDY BARS 5e Anise Sqasres—Jdly Beans—^Peppermint L<tsen|res—Gum Dreps—Hershey Ki8se»>-Malted Milk Balls Dad’s Plaee ... So Handy
:
'A .
%L A
0
s.
Hs
518-20 Main St.
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
5 hme SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 Main St.
SUPPLIES
FOR
Fratermties...Sororities...Clubs and Orsanizations
Pure White “Lily” % Fold Napkins, per case of lOM Napkins
Per case of 5M Napkins “Just-Wun” Folded Paper Towels, 3,750 towels in a case, price per case
"Dandy Roll” Paper Towels, 3,750 tow- < els to case, price per case
"No Waste” Toilet Paper, the very finest quality, 125 packages per case "Roll Toilet Paper” 2,000 sheets to roll, finest quality, 100 rolls to case, price per case
Per 1/2 case, 50 rolls, same as above
$8.00 $440 $4.50 $3.75 $8.00 $9.00 $4.75
We Carry in Stodc Liquasan Soap, Dixie Drinking Cups, Vortex Sanitary Cups
Haywood's (Established 1826) Retail Department Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Ind.
Publidiers
Indiana State Printers
Stationers
Classified Adsi
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Wanted—Co-ed to work for room or board. Call 66032.
Single Room—With private family, fine location, available immediately. 342 Lawn avenue. Call 75882
For Rent—^Rooms for two students. Phone 66102.
Wanted—Roommate must be congemal, quiet. Desirable room, first fioor, near bath. 411 Maple street. Phone 35762. Carl Arvison.
For Rent—Large double room. Near village and campus. 212 Wiggins. Telephone 46384.
List Good Looking Clothes Among Yoni* Assets You may have a pleasing personality—size-~goocl health—st pleasant smile. Crown Cleaning Service used regularly will keep your clothes good looking^ Crown Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
For Rent—Double room in private home Phone 5282.
Alpha Phi Omega—^Keya are available for paid up new membeia Please call for them at room 327, Fowler Hotel, between 6 and 11 p. m —EREISER.
Washing and Mending Done— Phone 65243.
W. A. A. Bowling—^All co-eda interested in the bowling tournament please sign up on bulletin board in Women’s Gym. —BOEHM.
Rooms For Rent—Newly furnished with single beds. Accomodations for 8 or 10 boys. 434 Littleton street
Freshman Fencing—Freshman fencing will start February 9 at 4 p m There will be a meeting in the fencing room which is located at the south end of the fourth floor of the Recitation Building. —LAOEY.
Co-ed Recreation—The Women’s Gymnasium will be open daily until 6 o’clock for recreational activities during the examination perio’d Women may bring men Report to main office for equipment —HAZELTON.
Women Students—^All who have made changes in local addresses or who will move before registration should ^notify the Dean of Women’s office immediately. —COOLroOE.
Camera Club—^Members empty and unlock lockers immediately —CAMPBELL.
Co-ed Physical Education—Home Econom-
NOTICES No noticM accepkod after 8 p. m.
Dept, of Applied Mechanics—Condition examinations in Applied Mechanics 1 and 2 will be given in Room 101 of Purdue Hall on Saturday, January 30, 8 to 11
o cl<
lock
—POORMAN.
W. A. A. Badminton—Sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium before February 8, if you wish to participate in the Badminton tournament —MAIER.
W. A. A. Basketball—Girls wishing to participate in the intramural basketball tournament must sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gym before February 8. —SHAFFER.
COHAGE CHEESE IS IN ORDER FOR ANY MEAL. NOT ONLY BECAUSE IT IS SO GOOD IN TASTE, BUT BECAUSE OF ITS PURE AND HEALTHFUL QUALITIES
GET YOUR CARTON NOW
Sunshine Farms Phone SOI 5
WE PAY 40%
CASH
For Second-Hand Books
H.6.'‘DEA£”REISNER
This Week
WeOfyj}
et
A SPECIAL SALE ON SWEATERS BY RUGBY Coat Styles, Slip-overs, Button or Zipper Styles ^2^^ NOW NOW ^2^^ NOW ^2^^ ^4^® NOW ^3^^ ^5^® NOW ^3^^ PAJAMAS By B. V. D.—JAYSON—COLUMBIA The patterns—quality and styling of these three famous makes leaves nothing to he desired. ^1^^ NOW ^1^^ NOW $2'^^ NOW ^3^® NOW ^2^^
500MAIN ST
- f ics and Science freshmen qualifying for a license to teach Physical Education should register for PEW 58 Monday- Friday at 11 o’clock as scheduled. —HAZELTON.
Co-ed Physical Education—Home Economics and Science sophomores qualifying for a license to teadh Physical Education should register for PEW 69 Tuesday-Thursday at 1 o’clock instead of Saturday 10-12 See Miss Hazelton at registration If there are conflicts —HAZELTON
WRAPPER AND
POUCH
IN YOUR COLLCOE COLORS We make this amazing offer of a 81.00 English Type Folding Pouch in Rep Cloth with Rubberized liner for only lOff and one wrapper to persuade you to try Edgeworth Jr. Send the inside white paraffin wrapper and your dime together with the coupon (or print your name, college and address on the wrapper)—and we will send yom: pouch. Only one to a customer.
SPECIAL OFFER
LanuA Bro. Co., Rielimond, Va. Enclosed find lOf! and one Inside vrhlto paraflln wrapper from a tin of Edgeworth Jr., for whloh send me 81.00 value silk tobaeeo poneh in my ooltege colon. (Pfeosa print.) Name.
Ci^-
.State.
COLLEGE-.
CLOTHES SHOP INC,
I t^ffltTgood/vrotOyeOdayt