r f
I T^ t
• '• s t, - ', t'' ..* , / '' , < ' il '''L* '. i, ' . . • ' ' « * ’ 'I
■<”'’, '‘“^‘fcv ' -’/'T’-J' "jL/’'’* *
'■ ' "a^f:ft! .#/
MERRY-GOHOUND I Says President Aroused Xt New Deal Knifing
EDITORIAL Pardons Coveralls < Slacks, Not Cords
Established 1889
That’s No Reason
Volume 56, No. 22
Purdue University,'West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, June 17,
University Sefs Graduation Day As Ausust 15
Nine Of Faculty To Address SPEE Engineering Heads Will Take Part In Chicago Meeting Nine members of the University faculty will take an active part in the fifteenth anniversary meeting of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education, which will be held in Chicago on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. ■> A. A. Potter, Dean of the School of Engineering and past president of the society, will speak on’Hhe “Present in Engineering Education” at the gen-
OPA Changes Ruling On Tire Survey Data For Used Car Buyers
Baccahureate, Gala Week Not Listed On Program At the last regular meeting, the University Executive Committee set Sunday afternoon,
August 15, as the day of the summer semester graduation exercises. The program will be
held in the Music Hall, but no definite time has as yet been decided upon. Although there will be no baccalaureate, the remainder of the exercises will be just as
they have always been with formal procession by the faculty and seniors in the regular aca-
eral session Friday at 2 p. m. Following the general session, on Saturday and Sunday will be meeting of the many committees into which the gathering is divided. Prof. K. D. Wqod, of the aeronautical engineering department will speak on the “Wartime Role of the University in Aeronautical Engineering Educa-
tion” at the meeting of the aeronau- be affected by a recent ruling of the tical engineering division. Office of Price Administration in the At a meeting of the mechanics event such purchase is effected, committee the University will be Under the recent order, persons repesented by three faculty mem- purchasing a used car need not prebers. Prof. Seibert'Fairman of the sent previous tiie inspection rec-
University students contemplat- ,. i i i i <■ a j. ■ „ j -11 uation scheduled for August mg the purchase of a used car will °
demic caps and gowns. Doctor Elliott will present diplomas to approximately 500 seniors and graduate students. The band, under “Spotts” Emrick, and the University Choif, unde A1 Stewart, will take part in the program. According to E. B. Baugh, executive secretary of the Alumni Association, no Gala Week will accompany graduation festivities, since it\is held only once a year in the
spHng.
Classes End August 17
Summer term classes will end on
By Katie Howes August 17 at noon. Orientation for
j.- j tbe new freshmen will begin on
With another wartime grad- registration ftr the
fall term from August 30 to September 1. Classes will officially begin on Thursday, September 2. The senior class has not followed the custom of electing oflicers as
ODT Ruling May Affect Graduation One Round Trip Vacation Asked
they can show that the records are
unavailable.
In the event that positive proof can be supplied to the effect that no
Vibration tire inspection record was ever is-
sued for the vehicle, the order still applies and the buyer may obtain a
gasoline ration.
In the past, the new owner was
applied mechanics department will be acting chairman and Prof. E. M. Kemler and C. R. Freberg of the Mechanical Engineering school are scheduled to present a report on “Electric Models in the Teaching
and Application of
Theory.”
Prof. W. L. Ayres, head of the mathematic depai'tment, will discourse on “Interesting the Engineering Student” at a meeting of the mathematics committee.
Beese To Give Speech
Double duty will be performed by for a gasoline ration.
Prof. C. W. Beese, Director of the War Training department and Head of the General Engineering department, who will act as chairman of the Industrial Engineering Conference and also give a speech entitled “New Purdue Technical Institute” at a meeting of the Technical Institutes division of the meeting. Representing the Chemical and Metallurgical school will be Prof. R. N. Shreve who will speak on the “Evaluation of A.S.T.P. Courses.” Conference Adjourns On Saturday The conferencCgWill adjourn Sunday afternoon at 6:00 when the third general meeting of rt;he confer''nce is over. Included in the proram for Sunday is a broadcast at I a. m. over radio station WGN.
15, the possibility exists that many friends and relatives of the graduates will be unable to
attend the ceremony as a re- they have in the past,
suit of the “Don’t Travel” pro-
ords belonging to the vehicle when . , applying for a gasoline ration if now being intensified by
the Office of Defense Transportation and other goveinnient agencies. This program will not affect the Midwestern as much as it does the Eastern universities, for in 12 Eastern states and the District of Columbia all pleasure trips by auto-
required to turn in existing inspee- i^obile have been prohibited. How-
New Materials
Will Improve
News Printing
Pbslics To Replace Es^gravirig Metal
tion records when applying to a local war price and rationing board
Goldsmith To Address Ceres Tonight At 6:50
ever, graduates who have cars in school will be permitted to make the single trip necessary to take their cars home, according to a release by the Office of War Information.
Dean Goldsmitn will speax at the Ceres Honorary Fraternity initiation banquet to be held in Room 263
only oqe round trip vacation be taken by individuals this year. For
„ , , example, parents of graduates comL f!* ing to the University for the pro-
One Round Trip Vacation
While vacation travel by automo- papers will probably be revolutionbile has not been prohibited in the ii'-ed by the use of plastic material other states, the ODT suggests that and plastic-impregnated paper.
This is the essence of an Army and Navy leport on far-reaching improvements in printing methods
Exponent “cuts” of the stadium appearing on the spdiH page or a scene from the latest Flayshop production spread across the front
page may some day be made of . plastic. In fact, printing of college «™jester and although the number
PIA To Hold Joe Dance Next Friday Andre Promises Further Fun Turdue Independent Association will sponsor a “Joe” Dance Friday night, June 25, in the North Ballroom of the Union at 8:30. Maury Mahn and his orchestra will provide music for the evening’s dancing which will be free to PIA members on presentation of their membership cards. Non-members may obtain bids for $1.10. Further entertainment for the evening is promised by Gene Andre, publicity chairman, to be announced at a later date. No inklink of its natiu'e could be gained from him, however. Originally Spanish Theme Oiiginal plans for the dance called for a Spanish style setting with music by the Caballeros, as Mahn’s music makers were to be called. The fiesta was to be held in the Union
ballrooms.
This IS the first PIA dance of the
4-H Conference Hears Governor Address Ends Impressive Three Day State Program In an address to 4-H Club members today. Governor Henry F. Schricker referred to the global war saying, “This is a fight for the right, decency and clean living. The future of America greatly depends upon your attitude today. Here in Indiana you have 75,000 enrolled in 4-H Clubs—what a mighty army for good.” He also complimented the boys and girls oft their efforts in food production and MahnAWill Provide At an impressive program . - , _ _ I r which ended the three-day Music For Carv Club s wound up, 1,821 delegates wit- ^ nessed the designation of GpvLast Dance Tomorrow Dean of Agriculture, as honorary
4H club leaders. This honor ha!*
Tomorrow night the last Cary never before been bestowed upon Hall dance for the duration will be any Hoosier.
held in the North Ballroom of the Union lasting from 8:30 p. m. to 11:30 p. m. Music will be furnished by Maury Mahn and his orchestra.
Variety Program
During the two day period various demonstrations have been judged. At the same time group
6:30. The subject of his speech will be “The Place of the Honorary on
the Campus.”
All active members and alumni of Ceres are invited to meet in the East Lounge on the Main floor of the Union before the dinner. The
gram should attempt to combine that trip with their regular vaca
of independent students on the campus has decreased„'a good attendance is expected, according to
Andre.
Activities Of Organization
The organization has sponsoi’ed a
through the use of this veilsatiie ^ea Dances already this
synthetic material. A War Production Boaid official predicts that
semester and has originated Nurses Aide group now training at
tion for the year, according to the plastic “cuts” and type may bring St. Elizabeth’s Hospitals
suggestions outlined by the govern- a new light To peacetime printing
uient. methods. Persons who intend to come to “Perfect Substitutes’
no reservations ai’e necessary.
Notice Gimlets and Reamers meet at the 2nd Street entrance to Intramural Field this evening at 7 for ballgatne. —BUTCH^ BOSWINKLE
banquet will be cafeteiia style and Lafayette by train are asked bydhe Stephen Harrington, of the
ODT to travel in day coaches to Printing, and Publishing Division of help relieve the strain on dining car WPB, in a lecture to the members facilities by carrying box lunches, of the International Association of and to avoid week-^end travel even Printing House Craftsmen at a conthough graduation is scheduled for ference in Monti’eal, Canada, said, a Sunday. Such requests are neces- “Plastic paper plates are perfect sary due to the fact that the troop substitutes for ciitical materials, movements by train amount to over are less costly than metals and are
Wesley FoundaHon To Add Gypsy Roundup A Scavanger hunt will be the featured attraction of the Gypsy Round-up featured by the Wesley
Foundation 7:30.
tomorrow evening at two million men a month, and the of lighter weight.”
Other activities usually sponsored by PIA are bowling touinaments and other athletic contests in order to maintain an organization of in-
dependent students. Penalty Days
Friday, July 2 and Tuesday, July 6 are penalty days. A student who is absent from class on either of these two days will be assessed a fee of |5.00 for each day or fraction there of missed.
The dance will be informal but no programs were conducted in l^oth sport clothes are to be worn accord- home economics and agriculture. A ing to Ed Siehert, social chairman, variety program, which emphariz^ Men must wear matching coat and entertainment, was conducted at trousers with the only exception be- the annual banquet Tuesday night, ing a white and dark combination. Yesterday morning was spent inxeAt 10 p. m. there will be a recep- peating high score demonstrations« tion in the Old Chestnut Room for so that the winner of the Pennaylthe faculty, gue'sts, and council vania Railroad Trophy could be demembers. Bids may be obtained by termined. . ,, non-residents from members of the “Rationing the Dairy 00"??”^ a Club. ^ demonstration of methods of mixWith the Navy taking over the mg economical food rations tor remainder of the Halls June 27, all dairy herds under present day conthe students now living in Cary ditions, presented by Richard Hall have joined the ranks of room and John Angethum, of Evapa'^^e, seekers. At the present time the representing Vandenberg, won the Army and Navy occupy all units but Pennsylvania Railroad Trophy. Ana portion of South Hall which is other special award, for the beat now being fixed up to occommodate vegetable demonstration, went, to more sailors, with over a thousand Bob Kisk and Don Mowery, North men and officers of our armed ser- Terre Haute, Vigo county, vices being housed in the units. award is a trip to the National Jun-
ior Vegetable Growers meeting is sponsored by Sears Roeburit & Co. and the Indiana Chain Store Council. A third special prize, a twp day educational trip to Chicagn,.t9 visit manufacturing plants lead products offered by the Lead Indus-
University tries Association and the Axneric^
LSA Will Hold Skating Party
"Tomorrow night all
students are invited to attend the skating party of the Lutheran Student Association at Maple Point. Information concerning transpoi’tation to and from the party and adtion to and from the party and admission, may, be obtained from Mary Prances Doty, phone 2096, or
Walter Alvin, 46852.
Students expecting to take ad-
Turpentine Farmers Associatioo, was won by Gene Harlan of Greeh-
castle, Putnam county.
Marion County Takes Several . , In the judging contests mpny of the counties were victorious, bot Marion county scored first in several contests. Top honors in the dairy judging competition, went to Marion county, second-place wept
vantage of the transportation pro- to the Madison team and thi?^ place vided are requested to meet in front to Rush county. As in the dairy of Fowler Hall bji 7 p. m. <See 4-H CLUB, Page 4)
number is steadily increasing.
There They Go Again ...
Eds^ Coeds Relax As Last Of 4-H Clubbers Leave Campus In Peace \ ' By Margaret Baynes ' Here, there, and everywhere, in- counties sang, talked, and philoso- However, the show was a delicious festing the Union, swelling the phied in the Music Hall; they vis- mixture of tap dancing, singing,
He went on to state that a plastic plate for printing weighs only oneeighth as much as a similar plate of zinc. The new material is also versatile and adaptable to a variety of uses and furnishes an excellent printing surface under all conditions. Furthermore, this type of plate is free from all the problems
of “graining.”
No Oxidation *
It is not subject to oxidation, like metals, and therefore, is far easier to handle during the printing proc-
They Really Work . . , Robertson Explains Boomerang Principles At ASME Meeting
By Dan Margolis
, . , , , Dr. G. H. Robertson addressed a ess and remains absolutely stable American Society of
Home Economics Cafeteria line to ited the Home Economics Builduntold lengths, and holding up traf- ings; they broadcasted from Eliza fie in Deac’s to get measured for Fowler Hall; they reverently “Purdue” T-shirts were 1783 4-H smelled the Chemistry Building; clubbers, here for their twenty-fifth they banqueted in the Union. And in round-up. . their spare time they judged in
Crowds of frustrated University livestock, dairy, poultry and egg,
students surrounded the creamery, crops, and demonstration contests; battling in vain for the ice cream they put on dramatic skits; they already sold out to the round-up bought out the dime stores and
kiddies hours before. In the three mobbed the movies,
days of the conference, lasting from Tuesday evening Vigo County Monday to 3:30 yesterday, the 4-H’ers put on a Ministrel Show, creamery sold out their allotment complete with black faces, pig-tales.
and trumpet playing and student opinion, drifting up from hidden crannies around the ballrooms, was
decidedly favorable.
under varying weather conditions
anywhere in the world.
Credit for the new development goes to the war. Han ing ton explained that the pressure of global
Last
year's
Round-up crowds Stewart Field.
Mechanical Engineers yesterday afternoon on the subject “Principles and Use of the Boomerang” and, following his lecture, gave a practical demonstration of their use on
equaled this year’s bunch in size, and was quartei-ed in Cary Hall; however, since Cary Hall has become sailoiized and armyfied, the delegates roomed in private homes and even invaded the fraternity houses. Commented one Theta Chi housed 4-H’er after a night of dodging shoes and biick-bats, “Gee, it’s
of ice cream before noon each day. and pinafores. The actors, forcecTto 6:30 and they’re not up yet!”
In this manner, 160 gallons of ice ci'eam ' disappeared before the bloodshot eyes of our students. Sqw All, Did All Green tagged and sunburned, these cream of the crops from all but three of Indiana’s njnety-two
sit on the out-side steps of the Union about an hour before show time, suffered'a severe case of pre-stage fright, and grew quite pink under the black as students filled the library windows and crowds gathered at their unusual appearance.
Concluding the conference wiih a flourish, ~ Governor Schricker spoke; the village then folded up, the stores closed, students stampeded to the creamery to lap up ice cream, divinely happy, and the 4H’ers went home for another year.
cal materials like metals has pointed the way to the sweeping changes
in the graphic arts industiy. Mudball
hey there clarence the
government says that if
i must travel i should do so in the middle of the week and the dean is charging all who miss classes on the friday before vacation live dollars i think the dean is unpatriotic
—MUDBALL
Approximately 100 A.S.M.E. members and other students heard Dr. Robertson as he spoke on the principles underlying the action of the boomerang, illustrating his talk with Various gyroscopic and air foil experiments. According to Dr. Robertson, the boomerang is a combination of a gyroscope and an air foil. Because of air foil action, the boomerang sails, and because of gyroscopic action, the boomerang returns. Gyroscope Principle The gyroscopic principle which governs the return of the boomerang is the 90-degree rule. Dr.
Robertson demonstrated this principle with the aid of a suspended wheel with an axle through its center, on either side of which were placed weights. Also demonstrated was the air foil action which enables a boomerang to sail through air. This principle was illustrated with a small piece of thin wood attached to a long, taut rubber band. Made Differently Boomerangs can be made of various sizes, shapes and descriptions. Those exhibited by Dr. Robertson included several made to resemble a cross, one in the shape of a triangle, some shaped like half moons, others like the form a “T”, and one similar to a swastika. Boomerangs may be divided into two classes, those used for war and for hunting. The war type differs from the hunting type in that it is heavier, made out of harder wood,
and often fitted out with kn^ve^^Qa its edges, thu's being capable oLiB*' dieting considerable injury* ^0cause the war boomerang is mafie not to return, it can be tfirayya about twice as far as tlie hunthig type. Dr. Robertson said thftt at one time he was pi oficient enough the hunting h|oomerang to be to hit a flying bird. I , A note of humor was httrpdtq:e4 into the lecUire when Dr. Rober^SBh told how, as a boy in Iowa, he used to cut wheat with an improvised boomerang consisting of a sawtooth knife and a hard wood hahdle, often being able to cut 160 yards with one throw. Exhibits Throwing , . After the address, those prfS4(it were treated to an exhibition of boomerang throwing, Dr. son employing the variott* ^pes discussed in his lecture.’*,1* I '
Purdue Exporwht
Thursday, June 17, 19d3
¥ ^
Purdue Exponent
Offices; Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Spoils, PiMdhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Sonoracy Editor "Xenorary Editor, Bvstwns fttanarer With the Colors
William G. Hoskins Dale E. Bntz ..Gerhard H. Klouraan
iMiwr. Business Manager....’... Newg Editor 'Miaiaeina Editor... Adyanlsiiqt Manager.. Editor ^d Editor.:
..Hobert W. Boswinfcie Mary UiH. Sally Beall Donald E. Brewer A. Jane Keiin ........Joseph S. DaWsoi Jean Lane^
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Aesa^Mc Editors: H. B. Abbett, C. C. Martindell, E. F. Murphy, W. H. Tyson. W. L. Vermilion, C. J. Wilbur. Coed Staff: Ruth Ford, Madclyn Grotnes, Katherine Howes. Sports Staff: R. M. Lipes, R. J. Smith, C. E. Sowards.
Business Etaff
:. Advertising Manager': C. la Gaunt,
Assistsmt
lAyotft Director : J. B. Tabb.
Circnlation'Mahager: R. G. Sauerman.
BAtor-in-Chief..
The Purdue Independent
..Bert Sqniei
, . ! Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Vermilion Sports Editor: Soward. Day Editor; Ford Issue Editor: Geovgeson Reporters; Baynes, Jameson, SfeWes, Swerdloff, Woerner, MaVgolis. ii
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette, Indiana, Under the act of Congress of March 3, 18(9 anB at the special rate of postage provided for in sectioi lids, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 2,0, 1922 Puhiisbed on Tuesday,. Thursday and Saturday mornings during'the year, except certain vacation periods- Delivered daily to carrier for $1.26 for a semester ; by mail for $1.00 for a Subscriptions rhay be obtained at the tiXponcnl
olfic'e or at the West Desk of the Union.
Represented for national advertising by National Advertis-
_ College Publishers Representatives, 420
•KT "KT V
.ing.. S«’V!ce, itic., uonege ruoj
Ave., New York, N. Y.
YttSHINTOK
Tm Rfrq U. S. P*t.O«.
|y DR PEARSON
Big Bankers Still Gun For SEC; Robseyelt' Aids Former Rival On Irrigation Project-Troubles
dtrls Explain Cigs,
($reasy Overalls
■ litey coeds! What gives around and about, anyway ? We think maybe a little explanation oii'Our part might clear up what seems to be a misunderstanding on your part. And maybe these separate jagged parts might get to be a'fairly amiable whole. Admittedly we’re feminine, and all of us are used to wearing shoes and bathing regularly so we can’t possibly like wearing greasy ■ QV«Talls, being covered with dirt and grime, and, wearing tight ill-matched bandanas, can we? And being feminine, we wouldn’t be huihanff we didn’t always want to be seen at'our bjest hy everyone. So there must be an awfully good reason for the shambles of our trek back to the Halls after shop labs. It’s awfully hot in Michael Golden Shops and the noise of the machine and the inevitable dust and g rease and the necessity to concentrate on something pretty foreign to our “baser selves” does nothing to alleviate that heat. Heavy coveralls are porus to the heat only and seemingly close to any errant breeze afloat in that breezeless place. We can’t wear skirts, so the next best thing is rolled trousers. And shirt tails are flying their banners for the .same reason coeds’ shirt tails are seen in parted company from their skirts—it’s a darned sight cooler. |!]rhe work is back-breaking and arch-felling, and so we’re sissies, we admit. But “visions of .sugarplums” and “sewing of fine seams” ■went out with advent of February 15, 1943, aiid we must coarsely admit to only a longing for showers stretching into eternity and a good feather bed. Would any of the coeds do differently under the circumstances and put on fresh (or comparatively so) clothes before journeying the ten minute walk back to all the comforts and conveniences of home? We don’t think you would either. You see, ju.st because we went into this pTbject that doesn’t mean we suddenly changed into a different kind of animal. We’re still human, sane and feminine, but a rathar stiff and unusual schedule precludes our showing it right off unless you choose to look beneath the grimy surface. And spare us the kudos of our “war effort”. So are 50 million others, and it’s no very constructive effort yet..'%'.g.-v'^i ■ ! ■ And maybe those dirty cords, screaming plaid shirts, and unshaven whiskers were the shop clothes of the men. Could be, coeds, that our matching uncouthness has been for the same reasons. For the smoking, we’re sorry, but four hours of grueling work ain’t hay, and our veneeur slips to the extent of a couple of good drags the minute we’re free. You of the .smoking clan would too, and may we disagree on the lip-dangling busine,ss. Purdue hasn’t the nibriopoly on Emily Post anymore than we haye on the era of change. Seems to me a little merger wouldn’t be amiss. MARGUERITE LEEDS, Curtiss-Wright Cadette.
WASHINGTON—Despite the fact that the President has liftle time for most domestic problems these days, he got aroused last week over undercover knifing aimed at one of his first New Deal i-eforms—pro-tection of investors through the Securities and Exchange Commission. Ever since July, 1940, Wall Street and banking groups have been trying to amend Securities and Exchange legislation—some of the amendments. rnak(n'g sense, others cutting the heart out of the SEG. Hearings regarding these proposed amendments have been held before the House Interstate and Foreign Commerce Committee, but for about a year now they have lain dormant. Out of the clear blue, howevei’, the proposed SEC amendments have been revived. Apparently the big Wall Street boys figure now is the time to strike while Eoosevelt is busy with the war, and Congress is lackadaisical about New Deal reforms. To this end, Chairman Clarence Lea of California has announced that hearings, in effect, to stymie the agency which Roosevelt created in 1933 to keep the money changers out of the Temple, would begin immediately. Further he has revealed the amaxing fact that the consultant for the House committee is none other than Paul Frum, partner in Newton D. Baker’s Cleveland, law firm, and representative of the National Associatibh of Security Dealers. In other words, the National Association of Seourifies Dealer.s, an organization active in the drive to gut the SEC, has had its man sitting bn 'the staff of a Cong#esstonal Committee supposed to be impartial and supposed to decide things for the best interests of the country, not for the Wall Street traders. Furthermore, Frum is sitting with the House Interstate Commerce Committee at closed-door Sessions, with no member of the press or public present. This caused SEC Chairmah Ganson Purcell to hit the ceiling. Not even an SEC representative was to be there to check on Frum’s advice. He protested so vigorously that Congressman Lea tinally yielded to the point of permitting an SEC representative inside the hearings. Prejudiced Mr. Lea seems to think that Frum is doing the Committee a great service. “He gives us his time free of charge,” explained Lea. “Yes,, but the Security Dealers pay him plenty,” countered Purcell.
years Virginia Taylor became the first wbfnati presidbht of 'thS s’tudent governing body the University of Washington. Her opponent John. Bmcken congratulated MisS Taylor and announced that “as long as this college will be mainly wo^men, 1 am sure that Virginia will make a swell prexy.” Twelve of the fifteen offices filled were taken by
-E-P-
“Doctor'Snodgrass evidently thinks riiy symptoifts wil develop into something; he said to come back after the war.”
University Calendar
Thursday, June 17
All Day 9:30 A.M. 6:30 P.M.
All Day 12:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 8:30 P.M.'
9:30 A.M. 8:30 P.M.
Canners Technicial School Hort. Building Child Welfare ...Room 263, Union Dinner Bridge ..E. Faculty Lge., Union Friday, June 18 Canners Technician School :.Hort. Building Ind. Com. Sec. Ass’n : Room 330, Union Victory Garden Leaders.: Room 203, Union Cary Club Dance ..N. Ballroom, Union Saturday, June 19 Ind. Com. Sec. Ass’n .W. Faculty Lge., Union Mixer ...North Ballroom, Union
The first senior dance of the season here developed a sizeable crowd, but Class President Jack Bush had •objections to the lack of ’WomCn. “The surplus of men makes the dance a little lacking,” he said. “It shouldn’t he that way.”'^—Michigan State News. —E-P— Oh, well, the Exponent will get things a little wrong once in a while, won’t it ? . • ' —E-P— And here is. something which appeared in the Texas Christian Skiff: “It is generally assumed that all patriotic citizens have sufficient respect for the flag of the United Sjtates to stand at attention when the flag is being raised or lowered. This should certainly be true whenever civilians are within^two or three hundred yards of the flag. The loyalty which has been manifested by all of our students will prompt them to observe carefully this practice.”
FDR Aids H is Foe
The Ratio.
3.85 ... to 1
Representative Bill Lemke of North Dakota, onetime candidate for President, has been a foe of Franklin Roosevelt from way back. He staged almost a religious crusade against him on Father Coughlin’s “Union Party” ticket in 1936. ,Apd he has opposed him on scores of issues. But when Lemke called on the President recently for a 15-miiiute conference, the two erstwhile presidential foes chatted for 45 minutes. “Why, how are you, Bill?” the President exclaimed as the bald,freckle-faced Dakotan walked in. “I often think about you and that ’36 campaign. You ran on a shoestring, but you polled a lot of votes. Lemke replied with a smile that he didn’t want to take.up the President’s time talking about old times. “I have some very pressing problems on my mind,” he said, explaining! that three important irrigation projects in his district were being held np because of a WPB stop-order on steel and concrete. “It will be disastrous if we have another drought in my country,’ ’Lemke said. “These irrigation projects are highly essential to the war food program. Roosevelt agreed that the irrigation projects were needed, but asked Lemke if there was enough available labor to complete them. Leitike replied that there was plenty of seasonal farm labor, and soldiers furloughed for farm work, to do the job. “You leave this to me, Bill,” declared the President. “I’ll take care of it.” A few days later Lemke got'a phone call from the secretary of Genei-al “Pa” Watson, White House military aide, notifying him that a report on North Dakota “irrigation projects” would soon he ready. “These projects are in your disti'ict, Mr. Lemke,” said the secretary, “hut to whom should I send the I'eport?” . . “Why, to me, of course,” replied Lemke. “Are you surpi'ised that the President is going to bat for me?” “Well ,I’m a little surprised,” was the White House" secretary’s response..
Unaccustomed as this reporter is to writing, speaking, breathing or sneaking gossip M the luouldy variety—the only kind that seems to flourish on this campus—we have succeeded. in turning over a few shovelfuls about the hapless Phi Delts. After many long sinful years, the forces of iniquity have made their final claim upon the dear hoys. They are now looking out at the gay world front behind the bars of social probation worrying about who’s going to remove the ruffled ciu’tains from the upstairs windows —one of the many feminine touches formerly to be seen throughout the hideous household. Anchors A-w-a-a-a-y Men of Cary Hall, though soon to !he evicted from their stunning two-by-fours, are still carrying oh for old F.L. with Ed Siebert hanging his hardware oh “Peach,es” Ford of the Delta Gamma establishment. One of those anchor women must have more than her share of whatever it takes.. It seems that a strange, uninformed man has been sending her bushels of roses every ■Saturday night with anonymous gooey notes attached. “I can’t forget”—“I don’t want to foi'get”— “I’m going crazy” etc. they say. Thus are the frustrating iiowers of the heartless DCs. Now She Has It, Now She Ain’t After Ken Bradley succeeded in
claiming Alpha Chi Nedra Pierce for his very own, making it final as far as he was concerned by clamping his S.A.E. badge on her, the little lady was seen a few days after making the hot spots with Gene Katterjohn. Either the Phi Delts are at it again, or does nifty Nedra remain the. ambiguous character of yore ? On The Steamy Side Of Things Mimi Smidt, Pi Phi; is looking foi-vVard to a lurid weekend with her hot-aud-heavy from Ball State who is coming up for prom. Prom ? Old s’omebody say something about Prom? 'The Barefoot Cotillion Again It’s getting to be true that 90 per
(P.S. What a nice traffic jam this would cause in Time Square!) —E-P— Pharmacists by the ton will battle against ehemists and Chemical engineers by the ton when the annual tug-o-war will be held over frosh pond tomorrow Each team will be allowed 2000 pounds at its end of the rope. With the losers awarded a free swim in the pond.—U. of'Washington Daily. -E-P- ’ Some students go to college to pursue learning, and the other 99 per cent of us are here to learn pursuing.—Ohio University. .. -E-P— ' In one of the quietest elections of
Solons of the House of Representatives of Texas have charged the University of Texas with buying obscene books with money appropriated by the representatives for the maintenance^ of the Stark' Library. Two of the books that the legislators objected to were “The Necessity of Atheism” by Percy Shelley and “Fugitive Pieces” by Lord Byrotii ' . ' ' —E-P— ... Ohio §^tate Lantern was pub-' lished for the last time Monday until the fall term begins. Even though Ohio State is under an accelerated schedule there will be ho paper printed this summer. _E-P— An open season on students seems to have been declared on the Oklahoma University campus when recently a student was shot by a policeman^ arid wounded while committing a minor infringement of the law. These are Interesting times when a college student is shot for playful;trespassing. —E-P— Sgt. Ward Taphouse, tjMCROTC senior of Michigan State showed fancy military tactics to get his platoon to breakfast in a hurry recently. He decided that the platoon ahead wa.s progressing too slowly, executed a cagey “columu-half-right and column-half-.left” and (finally “double time” ai’oiind the daggers. His section was soon overtaken by Pvt. Tele.sphore Bourbonnais”. The struggle ended when Taphouse led hi.s men through a door closer to the cafeteria line.
-E-P-
This juicy , tidbit is from Indiana University: “Things is getting complicated around the State U. campus. As one member of the administration remarked recently, there are now women in the meni’.s dorms, men in the women’s dorms, and probably it won’t be long until there are women in some of the fraternity houses— after the men leave.” Editor’s note. How prudish of them to wait until then.
cent of the women are beautiful and the other 10 per cent aJ-e to he found on the Purdue campus With fags drooling from^ pallid pusses, and bare feet blossoming forth with the spring rains. If the Wright Field gals can look like something besides sprawling over-the-conci'ete-things, the Curtiss-Wright’s and RCA’s ought, to try a few minor alterations. But, if it’s comfortable— what the hell! Dot’s dat, ’cause me heart belongs to—oh gawd. And if you think there is something seriously lacking in this acrid affair—do tell us about it.
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
jimmy Byrnes New Tax Czar
SfUwks, SthifuLd,
former ...i.i^ersity student, has received his cpmipatSBion as a Second Lieutenant in the Army Air I^rces at Turner Field, Ga. Tuiner Field, an Advainepd Flying S^ool, is one of a group of air ha.ses, Mmieh pomppse/ the Army Air Forces Southwest Training Center.
Here is one inside reason why the President lost 75 per cent of his battle against the Ruml tax plan, and also why he has finally put Jimmy Byrnes in the job of Tax Coordinator. It happens that Henry Morgenthau, who has done a good job as Secretary of the Treasury, is extremely pernickety when it comes to anyone else barging in on his preserve. No one outside the White House knows it, but Henry actually went to the President some weeks ago to complain that Jimmy Byrnes was medling in the tax picture. Henry didn’t like it, said that taxes \yere his domain. FDR passed it oft' good-naturedly, but did not back up his Secretary of the Treasury. After all, Jimmy Byrne,s was then Economic Stabilizer and ta.xes, are one of the most important means of preventing inflation and bringing about economic stabilization. When Byrnes heard about Morgenthau’s complaint, however, he decided to keep absolutely aloof,from taxes. The President didn’t want him to keep aloof, but Jimmy’s feelings were slightly ruffled and he let Henry handle taxes all by himself. If Byrnes had taken oil’ his coat and gone up on Capitol Hill, the tax bill might have been different, for he packs powerful persuasion. Later Beinie Bai'uch was ofl'ered Judge Vinson’s job, replacing Byrnes as Economic Stabilizer. But Bernie refused unles.s he could control taxes. This would have put him over Morgenthau, and the President refused to .sujiersede Heni y. But now, Roosevelt has oflieially made Byrnes the Coordinator of Taxes. He will coordinate between Morgenthau and Congress. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
LUMA
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
NON-STOP ACTION!
.with (Jharles STARRETT SHIRLEY PATTERSON ART HUNNICUTT
PLUS —
A JINX TO YOUR BLUESI
CHESTER Slarrin0 MORRIS r RICHARD JIMMY ARLEN-LYDON
A Paramount Picturo
MAMS
TODAY and TOMORROW
NOW SHOWING
DISNEY'S BEST EVER mu DISNEY’S
Famed Book of the A/lonfh..now yoor Picture of the Yearl
'Dlsiribulod by RKO RADIO From Felix Soltcn'u novel
Also Jerry Wald Orchestra —ADMISSION— Nights, Sundays and Holidays....35c Week Day Matinees 25c Children .....lOe plus tax
sm-mmm
Beoutifu! body,. .fury of on onfamod bea$f—
EVELYN ANKERS JOHN CARRADINE MILBURN STONE LLOYD CORRIGAN MARTHA MaeVICAR VINCE BARNETT
and introducing
a Sensation in Savageryt
ACQUANETTA
the Gorilla Girl!
TODAY FRIDAY - SATURDAY
TODAY THRU SATURDAY FIRST RUN WESTERN
and '
Hi/atkers ofi Racket Roadl
RKO Radio Picture with Richard Carlson* iana Ranitoloh Jana Darwoll* Barton Madlane • Frtm Ihoalwy. "Sllrtr Spoon ht ClARENCE BUOINQTON KlUAND — ALSO —
PLUS — PATHE NEWS
y-'tvapgi
i '• .1
1
1
^ i
4 -
V) ■!
Thursday^ June 17, 194S
Boihrmafser Sports
ED TIMM TOPS J 1 ^ BOILERMAKER BATTERS ^
ATHLETIC CARNIVAL OMT-MANEUVERS
WEATHER
The Sports Wave
By Joe Dawsom
Who flays On What Team It is going to be mighty interesting next fall to see just who will be playing on what football team as a result of many shifts to bO brought’ about by the Navy and Marine programs beginning July 1. . . . The first indication of the coming wholesale turnabout was the announcement that Elroy Hirsh, brilliant sophomore halfback with Wisconsin last year, was to report for training at Michigan University. It is almost a sure bet that Hirsh will be in the Wolverine lineup when they meet the Badgers on November 3. Not Much Change Yet The new conference ruling making freshmen and service men eligible for varsity sports has had not too much effect on the spring sports. . , . But by next fall every grid team in the nation will be depending upon service men to make up the larger portion of their lineups. About the only outstanding athletes to take advantage of the ruling so far have been Whitey Hladd of Chicago and Rodger Dowris of Northwestern. Hladd, formerly with Michigan Normal, Was one of the best hurdlers in the Conference this -spripg. Downs, a former students at' Illinois, won the Big Ten tennis title for Northwestern, where he is stationed. Prefer Marines Most of the football players, it seems, prefer the Marines over the Army or Navy. Both Minnesota and Ohio State will give up between 16 aftd 20 members of last years’ teams at the first of next month—all of them going in as leathernecks. Some May Be Here Of course, it is just a guess, but many of these men may be sent to Michigan along with Hirsh, since it is going to be a Marine base. Then again some may be sent here, since Purdue also Will be a ti’aining school for Marines. The Boilermakers could really do all right with fellows like Daley, Wildung, Games and Mitchell in the starting lineup. Maybe that is just wishful thinking, though.
TilRin And Martin UasI ^'9^ D'Ve From Scoring Tower Diamondmen In Hitting CormVa/ Program ' V -i. g ijf , d f y , .j 'V i "TZm ZI I tTvTI Whoever is the weather man uo in the heavens
IM Schedules
Sports Shorts
IOWA CITY, June 15—His six major letters in three sports enable Ben Trickey, former University of Iowa athlete now in the marines, to rank among the most versatile Hawkeyes in history. Trickey won three major letters as a basketball forward, two as a football quarterback, and one as a baseball infielder. He was a 180pbunder only 6 feet 9 inches tall. Only lowans to win more major letters in the past decade were Erwin Prasse, nine between 1937 and
HAVE YOU BEEN' BOWLING
LATELY??
IF NOT, DROP DOWN TO THE BOWLING ALLEYS IN THE PURDUE UNION THIS AFTERNOON, AND AYOID THE EVENING CROWD. OPEN 4 P. M. TO 11 P. M.
BOWL FOR FUN AND YOUR HEALTH. IT’S GOOD FOR YOU.
JhsL fijUUvdwL TlfbimeMi ^UmovL
'^he Corner of t^e Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
The last four games of the baseball season brought about many changes in the batting records, With most of the changes being for the Worse. In fact, only three of the regulars ended the season with, an average above the coveted .300 mark.
Ed Tirtim, who pounded the ball at a .500 clip against the DiamondBuckeyes at Columbus last week, walked oif with the top hon- Ward 5 vs Ward ii
ors in the batting department ....... „
Softball
Thursday, June 17-
6:45
Whoever is the weather man up in the heavens forgot to wring Out the clouds last Tuesday night and Chief Clevett's gigantic athletic carnival was run off without so niueh as a single raindrop making an appearance to mar the show. In addition, the show was one that was thoroughly enjoyed By ■ ■ - every one of the spectators.
-Phi Delta Theta vs Army
Martin, who took over the’du-^
at mid-season when Bill Burghardt entered the Army, finished the season with a .375 average to take the runner-up honors. Duffey Friend leads the team in hits with 16, but wound up the season with a .326 average. Jim Jennings was close on the heels , of Friend in the hit producing depart-
1940; and Floyd DeHeer,, seven majors and a minor between 1936 and 1938. Champaign. 111.—Michigan will be the football opponent for the University of Illinois homecoming, October 30, and Pittsburgh for Dad’s and “I”-Men’s day, October 16, Director Dough Mills announces. This will be the tenth time the Wolverines have played at homecoming. The mini have won five, lost four homecCming games to them.
got 11 and 12 hits respectively.
Irnvscher Scores 11 Runs
Although Jack Irmscher was quite far down in the batting standings, he Was able to get on base when getting on base meant runs, for he tied Bill Burghardt in run scoring with 11 runs during the season. Friend ’’was also among the
leaders with 10 runs.
The records show that George Leftwich of the Naval Training
R. Claseman
10
2
.200
Misselhorn
18
3
.167
Irmscher
44
7
' .157
Jankovic
21
3
,143
Leftwich
7
0
.000
J. Martin
5
0
.000
Lindeberg . ..
7
0
.000
Kelley ..
1
0
.000
Pitching Records
Player
G W
L
Pet.
Leftwich
3 2
0
1.000
Timm
7 0
2
.^67
Misselhorn
8 3
3
.500
I. Claseman ... .
3 0
0
.000
Kennedy
2 0
0
.000
18
“C” 19— Unit 1 vs Unit 2 20— Unit 3 vs Unit 4 21— Alpha Tau Omega vs Army “A” 22— Circle Pines Vs Ward 12 23— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Army “B”
Billiard Expert Will Appear Here Sunday
The various events were tUa off in a very efficient ndaiiiier,, and it was all that the gallefy could do to keep ub wilfi the multitude of events thdi Were to be seen in the different pahts of
the stadium.
One of the high-lights of the evening’s entertainment was the thrill-
By John Jameson
Charles C, Peterson, billiards ex- ing head-long dive made by the
Fraternity Tennis matches to be “protege” of the PE department ay^d by June 21 and results re- x. c* .. d n f xi, tt • from the top of the scoring tower, rted to Intramural Office: South Ballroom of the Union ^ crowd’s attention
at 7:30 p. m., under the auspices of "^^ly naa tne crowa s attention
Singles
Delta Upsilon vs Kappa Delta American Society of Agricul[jQ tural Engineers. Tickets will be dis-
tributed free of charge at 4 p. m.
Iowa May Have Summer Nine
Theta Xi vs Beta Theta Pi
Phi Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Tau ^^^^day at the Union west desk,
Omega
Sigma Alpha Mu vs Aeaci^
Doubles
been called to the scene of the feat than a body was seen to go hurtling toward a small tank at the base of the tower. Down it came and finally it passed from sight into the
Charles Peterson, probably the of the tank, and simultan world’s greatest billiard trick shot ^ bone-crushing thud was artist, has put on more than 1228 ^eard to emit from the bottom of
Phi Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Kap- shows at virtually every service screamed.
pa Lambda
Delta Chi vs Acacia
camp in the country. At Mather stunned by the tragedy, and many
field he once fulfilled a schedule of
IOWA CITY, June 16—A summer baseball team may be developed from University of lowa stu-
rushed to the side of the tank to
14 consecutive full-hour perfor- crushed body. Some
Ward Tennis Singles are sched- mances. In every camp he has vis- representative of the local “manuled to start June 21st. Entry ited, Peterson says he has found pg^er shortage board” had forgotblanks are posted on the Intramural excellent equipment, and notes that ,j.gj^ ,j.g g|| ,j.jjg water! IH ■
School completed the season as the if there are enough men who Bulletin Board and on the Bulletin iu one camp they’re even building ^ Happy Ending top hurler with two wins and no want to play games ' with nearby Board downstairs in the Men’s a billiard room for prisoners of war. ^ happy ending to this tragic setbacks. Ed Timm worked in town teams. Coach J. E. (Waddy) Gym. Any student living in any of Peterson has been known as the ^^jg^ ^g jjj^ist confess that the only seven games during the season and Davis said Tuesday. , the Wards is eligible for play in this world’s greatest trick shot artist inj^j-ies suffered by the unfortune compiled a record of 4 wins against The plan still is in the tentative tournament. Those interested ever since the nineties, when the ^ broken arm, a broken 2 losses. Misselhorn won and lost stage and would requite the sane- should sign the entry blank by Sat- Saint Louis wizard, first astounded jg^^ ^ broken head. In addition, three games for a .500 average. tion of the Hawkeye athletic board, urday morning, at which time the world with his magic shots, ^j^g probably will not suffer Misselhorn, Timm Strike Out 37 Coach Davis believes that the board drawings will be made. Awards Back in 1906, he taught Willie ygj.y rnuch from these injuries beBoth' Misselhorn and Timm man- would grant permission. will be made to the winner and run- Hoppe when the “Boy Wonder” was g^^^g ^ dummy, aged to get the third strike past 37 Several members of Iowa’s regu- ner-up. making his debut. For the next 17 Hand-to-hand combat as demonbatters during the 14 game season, lar spring baseball team which years, he was Hoppe s counse or gyrated by the Navy Flight InstracTnnm worked in seven games while ended its season May 1 still are in All Campus Tennis Singles are and partner. ^jgg ygj.y much enjoyed by Misselhorn saw action in eight the University. They include Max scheduled to start just as soon as we His /contemporaries have voted the crowd. They showed many of games. Smith of Rake, pitcher who won have enough players signed up, so him the honor of the presidency of the methods used by the boys “over
The followiPg are the complete two games and did good relief work those interested are urged to sign the Billiard Association of Amer- there” when they came face to face 44.4,,^. • n .. .1 T.i _ -j? T-v fViP pnfvir hlfniV in flip mpn^c! ervm. TT-ia na-rA porvipc f.ViP ...—
batting and pitching records
Batting Average
Player AB H Timm 22 9 A. Martin 24 Jennings 45 1. Claseman 3 Friend 49 Stram 6 Burghardt . . .24 Burger 1 42 Wright 46 Kennedy 31 Ehlers .., 16 Hesse .. . 13
9
15
1
16
2 1
11 12
8 4 3
Pet. .409 .375 .333
in others; and John Quinn of Dav- the entry blank in the men’s gym, ica. His calling card carries the with the enemy, enport, who was regular third base- the downstairs bulletin board, slogan, “Show me the shot I can t Reamer Beat Gimlets
man in eight of ten conference Any student or faculty member is make,” and he actually has never This one is not supposed to be games. eligible for play. The usual awards been shown a shot impossible to printed, but it is known that the
are to be made to the winners. If it him. Reamers defeated the Gimlets in
Urbana, 111.—University of Illi- impossible for you to get over to Since 1923 Peterson has given the tug of war staged by the two
.333 nois regular football practice will ^he gym, call No. 2875 and we will hjjuself to the trick shot aspect of organizations.
.326 start August 23, because the first he glad to take your name and enter game and has appointed himself Closing the evening’s entertain.333 game. Camp Grant, is Sept. 11. hhe tournament, ^ missionary of billiards. ment was a “cage ball” contest-pia®-.292 The four weeks practice permit- - m He endures and enjoys the hard- ticipated in by darn near any one .262 ted by the conference during the The All Campus Golf Tourna- involved touring army camps that was near. The program called .261 summer semester, which will be is to be played on the Purduo j^g^^^^gg j^g believes he is accom- ^ battle between the PE 12 de.268 similar to spring practice, will prob- Dolf Course. Anyone interested in pjigbmg two fine things: selling the partment and the Navy, but from nfn 11 , . ,1 11 1. . T onf.£iTino» fLic +.nnrn5»TnAnh nup nrerpH ® ®
DO YOU DIG IT ?
Submitted by Jerry D. O'Brien Colgate University
.250 ably start the last week in June, entering this tournament are urged .^g j^g providing diver- the size of the aggregation i&Pt .231 Coach Ray Eliot thinks. sign up immediately on the en- enteriainment for the ser- ended the fray everybody there
try blank posted on the downstairs According to Peterson, must have tried to get in the game, bulletin board in the Mens Gym. Incidentally, the PE 12 mob and
*0 with enthusiasm; he expects that them confederates won the battle,
play 18 holes qualifying round and Erickson Wins Quarter-Mile
turn score cards in at Starting —
House at No. 1 tee. Choose your own opponent and have him sign your card. Two nine hole rounds on different days will be O.K. After
emerge from the camps, and expects billiards to boom after the
The all-campus quart6r»-lnrle rfin was won by Ed Erickson of the Theta Xi house. Lariy Njelson lead the field most of the way, but hd was passed by Erickson near thd finish line. ' * ■ The winners of the different
He has stated that the game not
completion of qualifying round the provides the boys with entergolfers will be divided into groups, tainment and relaxation, but that it
according to score, when play will is good Gaining Jiiem "ei^ves, “SiNer D^by"
be resumed for championship. The and hands. Aftei all, he usual awards will be made in each says, “It’s a greht deal like shoot-
flight. ii^S’ a
Peterson plans to continue his
Champaign, 111.—Ray A. Berge- stiff schedule for the duration of son of Batavia, member of the Uni- the war. He hopes that some day his versity of Illinois basketball squad travels will take him down to San and voted the outstanding senior in Juan, Puerto Rico, where son Herphysical education, was graduated bert Peterson, another billiard star, with high honors. is stationed with the Navy.
as follows:
Sack race—Phi Kappa Sigma.
Cage ball race—Acacia Dressing race—Triangle
Barrel race—Lambda Chi Alpha Wheelbarrow race—Sigma 0^^ Horseback race—Beta Theta Pi
SEND US YOUR SUNG AND GET. WE USE IJ^ Address; College Dept., Pepsl-Colo Co,, Long Island City, N. Y.
Pat^shColdGotiitmnyt lone Island City, N.Y. CoHlad locally byTVanchlybdfiolilarst
You Will Want One Thenl
Four Hawkeye
Teams Win High Rank
The book that will last the longest— your school annual
NOW $4.5Q
DEBRIS Order Your Copy Today!
After June 23 $5.00
! I ‘1 .1
IOWA CITY, Jane 15—First division spots in the Big Ten standing were won by four of seven tMxversity of Iowa sports teams ib 1942-43. As the conference baseball season ended last week-end, the final standing showed the Hawkeyes, who had finished play May 1, in tie for fifth with Michigan, the ‘Unt* versity with which Iowa shared th* 1942 title. > Highest ranking Iowa team of the year was swimming which placed fourth. Wrestlers were fifth in the league tournament, while the football team broke even in a'i* games to share fifth and the baseball squad’s 6-4 record brought the same place. - i.-tk-.'aSh . Rankings of other Iowa teftms, both of which were weakened contribution of athletes to the armed foreeS, were: indoor traiil8» eighth; bxteketball, ninth; and outdoor track, tenth. ' ’’
gm, ^ I/'J 1. ,V, ■ ''/fA' • ,' ^ JFufSue' Exponent fJtufsSay, June 17, 1943
Joe Private At Fort Harrison
BEAOTIFUL'^'NAN’^'GREY STARS M SERIES that takes benny spot for summer
\
As Seen Through Coeds Eyes
'Hurry Up Arul Waif' Shows ^.||
Uselessness Of Stay There
By Dorcas Fink Wolfe Fort Benjamin Harrison just north of Indianapolis is the temporary “home” of a surprisingly large number of University undergraduates wljo have recently left the institution for service in Uncle Sam’s Army. Walking through the recreation hall, the P. X. and down the streets, one is sure to meet former University students all wear-
Horse's Day June 23
ing lovely tan suits.
“Hurry up and wait” is the slogan at the Fort. The soldiers are continually receiving orders and rushing from one
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co., Bar-
detail to another; but they rarely berton, Ohio—Date to be announced accomplish any useful work. Ft. later. Interested in August and De-
Ben is merely a reception centerno training is given inductees during their stay. To keep the boys from thinking of home (or the girl friend or wife at University), and to keep them out of mischief the most amazing jobs are “cooked up”.
cember Ch.E., M. E.
These companies do not plan to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employment. Gustin-Bacon Manufacturing Co.,
We find friend Joe arising from Kansas City, Missouri Interested
his warm, luxurious, inner-spring M.E., Ch.E.
mattress at five a. m. He smiles Armour & Co., Chicago, Illinois— lovingly at the man on wake-up Interested in Chemists, Ch.E.
Celanese Corporation of America, Cumberland, Maryland—Interested
The B. F. Goodrich Co., Akron, Ohio—Interested in students with training in personnel administra-
tion.
The Gruen Watch Co., Cincinnati,
Ohio—Interested in E.E.
duty and murmurs, “Ahhh, another day”. Joe snatches on his clothes,
washes himself hurriedly, and in M.E., Ch.E
makes his bunk. At breakfast he dives in hungi'ily and eats blindly anything that is put before him— for he has learned from bitter experience that one cannot otherwise consume a satisfying breakfast in
six minutes.
Following morning mail call, the barracks must be thoroughly scrubbed and dusted from top to bottom. It is advisable that no cigarettes butts or scraps of paper be found in the vicinity of the barracks. Thus we find Joe and his buddies walking back and forth, their eagle eyes cast downward, “policing the grounds.” I
Truck Diiver Joe physiotherapy. Anyone interested
Members of the Indiana Draft Horse Breeders’ As^ciation will hold field day next Wednesday at the Lynnwood Farm, Carmel, a University owned farm announced O. V. Winks, Hamilton County agricultural agent, yesterday. R. B. Cooley, animal husbandry specialist at the University, will act as ring master. Prof. W. W. Smith, also of the animal husbandry dept., will be the official judge, discussing the merits of /judging draft horses, using classes of Percheron geldings, Clydesdale mares, Percheron yea'rlings, and Belgian yearlings. Following a basket dinner at noon, and a business session at 1:15 p. m., the program will continue with Dean H. J. Reed, head of the agricultural department, and others taking part. There will be a demonstration and discussion of gold medal projects by P. T. Brown of the animal husbandry dept., followed by the presentation of awards.
Notices
Phi Lambda Upailon: Keys are here. Call at 115 University after 7 p. m. —GOFF
All Students: Tea Dance every Thursday at 4 p. m. at Hillel House, 116 Sheets St. -GLUCK
All Students: Big Bobbie wilt speak at the ASMK meeting Wcdneesday, 4:15 p. m, in the Phybics lecture h6ll. His Bubiect is a very interestintr and one—“The BoomeranK”. The discussipn Will be supplemented with dcmonatratipuB Stuart Field. Everyone Tau Beta Pi: Meeting Thursday, .Tunc in room 355 of the Union at 7:16 p. m. Important that all members be
All Students: Two boys are needed to help in the Home Ec Cafeteria during noon hour. Call Miss Gamble dt 2041. —GAMBLE
Basic Military Students: All basic students are urged to note .‘he schedule posted on the Bulletin Board in the Armory lor turning in wool trousers and
Luthevdn Students: Skating party will be held Friday, June 18, at 7:30 at Maple Point. Transportation furnished. For further information call Mary Francis Doty, • 2096, or Walter Alvin, 45852. Bring your dates and fall down with the rest of \i8. Everyone welcome. —MATTHEWS
Kappa Delta Pi: Picnic Thursday evening, June 17, behind the Stadium. Meet on the steps of the Education Building at b p. m. Pledges will be selected. All jq^jIsqU
Fraternity President’s Council; Meeting will be held Thursday, June 17, at 7 p. m. in room 302 of the Union instead of June 10 as originally announced. —DAWSON
Playshop: Those planning to attend the dinner Thursday, June 17, bring money ana
reservations toJlayshop office befor^b^.^m.
Skull and Crescent: Formal initiation and extremely important meeting on Thursday, June 17, room 307 of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. —MARWOOD
• Ceres Club and Alumnae: Formal initialion' will be held Thursday, June 17, at B:3ft p. m. —RULE
4-H Club
War Council: Important nfeeting Thursday, June 17, at 4:30 p. m. in the Student Union Oifice. Debris picture will be taken. HILLilfK
Sigma Phi Epsilon
Beautiful of face and voice is Nan Grey, star of the drama series “Those We Love” which will take over the Jack Benny spot Sunday, June 6, while the great NBC comic begins spending his Summer holiday by traveling around to service camps to entertain the troops. His cast will accompany him. WLW, Sundays at 7:00 p. m., EWT.
Placement Notes
For Women
The American Physiotherapy Association announces grants from the National Foundation of Infantile Paralysis, scholarships from the Pi Beta Phi sorority, and loan funds from the W. K. Kellogg Foundation for students in the field of
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: Arthur Cook, Hamilton, Ohio; Raymond Forbes, Indianapolis; John Clarne, Peoria, 111.; Bernard Bolls, Hammond, Robert Mullen, Chicago, Ilk; John Bradley, LaPorte; Burwyn Albright, Watseka, 111.; Edward Carlton, Osborn, Ohio; John Gratza, Chicago, 111.
LOVELY OF VOICE Aim FACE, DORIS DAY IS NEW SINGER ON NATION’S STATION
Dr, T. K. Cowden
This task accomplished, Joe is detailed for the I'est of the day to; drive a tiuck filled with small rock? to be used for edging the walks. Ii the late afternoon he is ordered t(
return to his barracks.
Just a.s he is nicely lathered fo a shave, the order comes Ihroug to repoit outside for afternoon ma call. With a few lusty sweeps of his G.I. lazor Joe removes the lather, a few of the whiskers, and numer-
shOuld call Placement Service for iWomen’s (2955) for further inforSmation.
Miss Mary A. Rigney, Personnel Department, Room 506 Administraion Building, Homan and Arthingon Streets, Sear.s, Roebuck, and ’ompany, ‘Chicago, Illinois, writes 'jf openings in their merchandise comparison department for inspectors and comparative shopper's. If
... of the agricultural economics staff addressed the wartime conference of the Indiana Dairy Association at Indianapolis yesterday on the subject “Wartime Prices and the Dairy Industry”. He gave an economic analysis of the dairy situation and listed prospects for production and prices during the coming months.
Theta Alpha Phi
ous patches of skin from his face, ^re at all interested will you grabs his shirt, and attends a fruit- write or telephone Miss Rigney’r less mail call. 'From six-thirty until o^ce at once and let me know that nine Joe is usually free to receive ^ori are applying. If you do not care visitors, write letters, or loaf at the *0 apply and have taken another poP.X. At nine-thirty our hero sinks sition for next year I shall also ap-
to a blissful slumber, dreaming of preciate knowing, the happy morrow when he will rise 4 at three-thirty for a fifteen-hour Pi Beta Phi
stretch of K.P. duty.
Morale High . . . sorority announces the initiaIn spite of the discomforts and following girls: Mary seeming futility of the soldiers’ du- Boddinghouse, Evanston, Illinois; ties at Ft. Hai'rison, the morale is Shirley Wileman, West Lafayette; generally high. Practical jokes and Peggy Bradley, West Lafayette; tall tales ai'e among the morale P^tiicia Carroll, Knightstown; boosters. Hearing two of his com- Dorothy Doddridge, Richmond; Jo panions harmonizing on a familiar Hart, Gary; Muriel Hooper, Chisong, one soldier remarked, “You eago, Elaine Kail, Evansville; can’t fool me! You aren’t happy— Marilyn Mueller. Indianapolis; Baryou’re just singing to keep from bara Sanders, West Lafayette; getting blue.” And this bit of philo- Mimi Schmidt, Elkhart; and Conme sophy was probably not far from Seeling, Indianapolis,
the truth. The mud, the resti ictions,
. . . national dramatic honorary announces the initiation of Maiy Lou Sternberg, Hammond; Elaine Kali, Evansville; Mary Lou Fairman, West Lafayette; George Sykes, Illinois; Connie McCord, West Lafayette; and Ann Bradley, Rushville.
\ Diploma Fees For R0TC Studesifs
(Continued from page 1) contest, Marion county scored a second victory, taking first place in the crop contest, winning 1642 out of a possible 1800 points. Rush county took second place, and Noble county third. Carroll county won the highest score in the poultry and egg contest. Coming in second place was Noble county. Although Kosciusko county won top honors in egg judging and Madison took first place in poultry alone, the Carroll team scored the highest total number of points. Close Contest An exceptionally close contest Was fought in the livestock competition, but Kosciusko county finally captured first place. Lawrence county was runner-up in second place, and third place went to Wabash county. In the weed competition, Marion county entries dominated. Harold Schreiber took first honors in identifying 40 common weeds. Top honors in the insect identification went to Paul Erdel of Lafayette.
Gold Peppers: Meeting Thursday, June 17, at 6 p. m. in room 306 of the Union. —^MacDONALD
All Students: LSAA will hold a picnic at Potter’s Hollow. Meet at 626 N. Ninth St. at 2:16 p. m.. Sunday, June 20. Everyone is welcomt. —MATHEWS
Alpha Phi Omega Pledges: There will be pledge meeting Thursday, June 17, in room 302 of the Union at 7 p. m. Everyone be there. -EAGLE
Classified Ads
Typewriters: Adding maenmes, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Money to Loon: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia.
Wanted: Someone to cut grass once a week. Phone 2339.
Persons in any of the Naval “V” programs interested in forming a dance band call George Saurwein, 5754.
Lost—-One hlide rule with case. Name, W. St. Germain on case. If found please call 4916.
Wanted: A boy to work for board or board and loom. Call Alpha Xi Delta.
Wanted—Male roommate. Large loom, well furnished, twin beds. Reasonable lutes. 202 Chauncey. 6088. Ralph.
Try An Exponent Classified!
For Sale—One used 1923 Model T. Super condition. Call Sanderson or VemriiMon, 6065.
qi,e msiimoH MERRY-GO- ROUND
Students in the second year Axlvanced R.O.T.C. who finish their class work on June 29 and arc candidates for degrees at the end of the Summer Term are advised to pay their diploma fees before leaving. This fee ($5.00) must be paid before August 10. —RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
Lovely, blond svvingstress, Deris Day, has just joined the
WLW-WSAI talent staff. Miss Day has been feature,) ■
bands of the Middle West. Fci' by’s orchestra, followed by a s'”
Her husky, captivating \cj
WLW programs as “Little E-t, '
days 6:00 p. m., EWT., w!!') J “Moon River,” Mondijs f Sundays at 11:3C p. m., C
’ \. ! \ ’ t
v.ith a number of leading r she sang with Bob Crosccl with Les Brown’s band. ' e Iicard bn such popular few,” Mondays and Thurs- ' .■ and his Swingtette; and : ^12:30 a. m., EWT, and
The leaders and the peoples of the entire world today are watching Washington, For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importance of Washington news and its bewildering mass make it of special value now to have, besides running, news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No. I column is Drew Pearson's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for it *
Sports Shorts Buy War Bonds And Stamps
in the ^ PURDUE EXPONENT
and the uncertainty make most reception centers unpopular places; Ft. Benjamin Harrison is no exception.
Muriel McFarland
Newman Club Asks Students To Picnic
... of the Home Economics education staff, left yesterday to attend the Wartime Institute of the American Home Economics Association at the University of Maryland, College Park, Md. from June 17 to June 21.
Officers of the Newman Club have invited all Catholics who are interested, to attend the club’s first picnic of the summer to be held Satuiday, at the Stadium picnic grounds at 1:30 p. m. Food and refieshments for the picnic which is one of the summer’s social events will be provided by the club.
Navy, Marine Reserves Those who have received their orders to report for active duty at Purdue on July fir.st should confer n ith the head of their school with reference to schedule of subjects to be carried in Navy V-12 program. —KNAPP
Uibana, 111. — When Clarence Dunn of Allerton, captain-elect of the University of Illinois track team, ran the mile in 4:17.6 in the Central Collegiatcs at Milwaukee, he broke the oldest Illinois outdoor
track record.
Mike Mason’s mile in 4:18.4 against Wisconsin at Madison in 1916 had defied'all the efforts of the mini distance men. Dunn, a junior in advanced ROTC, will report to the army soon after he competes in the national collegiates at Evanston. Dean Woolsey’s mile in 4:15.2 in 1933 is the Illinois indooi lecoxd.
SouthworthA
NEW STORE HOURS
~~ FOR THE SUMMER Daily—Open 8:00 A« M. Sunday—Open 2:00 P. M.
Close 8:00 P.M. Close 8:00 P.M.
One large U. S. ordnance plant has 120 miles of railroads or enough to serve a city of 100,000 people.
In a spirit oi cooperation with the current trend of conservation of labor and utilities wo have deemed these revised store hours desirable and necessary. We hope our customer friends will understand, and can conveniently arrange their shopping during these hours. SOUTHWOHTH'S EMPLOYEES.
Fairman To Present ^ Piano Recital Today
A piano recital by Arthur Fairman, son of Piofessor Fairman of the Applied Mechanic.s Deiiai tmeiit, will comprise the fii’st Music Boom piogiam of the summer at 4 p. m. Sunday, in the Union Music
Room.
Included in the piogram will be Beethoven’s Sonata No. 2 and several selections fiom Chopin.
Notice
('alliml for yell leaders viill be held Thursday in room 101 of the Fjeldhouse. Anybody interested may come out. —MORRISON.
r
*'!■
» h
» It,
Y I