f 'TT- .vt r,i j S
r ‘f®
THE WITHER
Forecast for Indiana: Cloudy with rain or snow today; tomorrow colder, snow flurries.
Purdue Exponent
/’ftii
THl^DAY
Decembes 8, 1938
Lofoyettef bidicma
VoL 50
No. 74
Varsity Ekes Out Victory Over Yearlinrs
TKA Forum Will Debate
Ninety-six Co-eds Entered
Screams, Flying Bats Horrify Audience At
Opening Of Dracula In Debris Beauty Contest
Timer Leads Model
Airplane Astray ~ Reward For Return
On Marriage
By Georgann Schilling
Tau Kappa Alpha student forum will discuss the advisability of a course in marital relationships tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge, with Mary Wien presiding. Dr. Rose, of the student health service, and T. K. Noss, of the education department, will help lead the forum. Lucy Demoret and Jack Wise will give the student viewpoint. The proposal to include a course in marriage lelationships comes as a result of WSGA efforts to arouse interest in such a move. Lucy Demoret is serving on a committee appointed to investigate the possibilities of including such a course in the University curriculum. Wise is serving in a similar capacity foi the Senate.
Breath-taking horrors, wandering mad-men, and century-old mystics all had a place on the stage in Fowler Hall last night at the opening performance of Playshop’s terrorprdouction, “Dracula.” Assisted by fantastic sound effects, unusual scenery and lighting, and wierd organ music, the cast kept the audience in a state of high nervous tension and expectation throughout the three acts of the play.
Jack Armitage as the vampire living on the blood of his victims is the nucleus of the plot in which Pat Heine figures as the unfortunate victim. Benny Burns furnishes the comedy relief and secures many laughs through his cockney accent. The madman, Renfield, ably portrayed by Gilbert Devore, is the source of many of the peaks of emotion in the drama.
Recognizes Interest Tau Kappa Alpha is giving recognition to the interest aroused on the subject and through the forum piovides an opportunity for an expiession of both student and faculty opinion. Questions of subject matter, credit, and methods of presentation will be discussed.
Ahrens In Dramatic Role Versatile Fred Ahrens shows his ability as a dramatic actor as well as a comedian as he takes the part of the scientist convincingly. Joe Martin as the father. Bob Schlendorf as the young lover, and Beverlie Rice as the maid, all add to the perfection of the performance.
At present the Home Economics school offeis a course in marital re- ^ lations, but it is available to only a limited number of students The senior maiital lectures and special speakers brought to the campus are additional efforts of the University along the line of education in maiital relationships. WSGA and Senate have felt that the program is inadequate and have agitated for the inclusion of a regular course.
The environment created by howling wolves, far-off screams, frightening green phosphorus lights, and flying bats is climaxed by the postperformance remarks of Actor Ahrens when he reminds the terrified audience to “remember, there are such things.” ^ “Dracula,” which was diiected by John Dietrich and staged by Kenn Caimichael, will continue through Saturday night.
Lingo Made Member
Program Committee
The discussion will be very informal, as was the case in the forun\ on compulsory class attendance. Speakers will open the subject after which the audience will participate in a general forum. The meeting will be adjourned promptly at 9 o’clock.
Pi Kappa Alpha...
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: J W. Benjamin, president; C. C. Schmuck, vice-president; M. E. Overbeck, treasurer; and H. E. Eberhard, secretaiy.
J. L. Lingo, director of the Purdue Public Safety Institute, has been appointed a member of the program committee for the National Safety Congress, which will be held in Chicago next October. The duties of the committee include the selection of topics and speakers and determination of policy for street and highway traffic sections of the Congress. Over 10,000 persons from all parts of the world attend this meeting every year. They represent practically every organization and agency that is interested in safety problems.
Exhibit Of Camera Club Sheds Light On Old Argument Of Division Of Abilities
By Marie Butz
First piize in the miscellaneous ^ gioup of the exhibit of the Purdue Camera Club was given to Miriam Gustavenson, a pophomore in the ^ school of home economics, for her picture “All Ashore.”^ Taken against a backgiound of water and trees, it t' achieves an unusual setting.
“Memoiial Amphitheatre” by Vivian Dickerson won second place ^ in the landscape division. Showing a huge marble amphitheatre, it makes use of unusual light and dark * contrasts. Further suivey of the exhibit seems to shed some light on the old argument, “Who has the most abil- ' ity, women or men?” Of the 93 members of the camera club, 87 are / eds and six are co-eds. Fifty-five punts weie entered by eds, and six co-eds entered a total of eight prints. Of the 13 awards^which were ^ given, two were received by co-eds and the i,emaini»g 11 by eds.
Winter Announces
Delivery of Pictures
After surveying these figures and ^ comparing them to the much-talked
Names of 96 campus co-eds have been entered in the Debris beauty contest scheduled for 7:30 Saturday night in the Union ballroom. Today at 4 p. m. is the deadline for entering the contest. Names of prospective contestants may be turned in at the west desk of the Union.
All contestants are to assemble in the reception room of the Union Friday at 4 to receive instructions concerning the contest. Mrs. W. J. Henderson, who has worked as a professional model, will teach the girls fundamentals of correct posture and walking at this meeting. Girls who fail to attend this meeting will be automatically dropped from the list of contestants.
Judges Judges selected to pick the four beauty queens are Eleanor Nagle, editor of Thru the Looking Glass column of the Chicago Tribune; Elmer Taflinger, prominent Indianapoli$ artist; and Jerry Carlon, official photographer. Miss Nagle is also director of the Tribune’s roto-
gravure section for beauties of Big Ten schools. Mr. Taflinger has judged former Debris contests, and also officiated at the selection of Arbutus beauties on the Indiana campus. Bud Bryant and his band will play for the Variety Hour being arranged by the Union and given in connection with the contest. Names of the girls now entered in the contest follow. According to Debris Junior Business Manager Dick McNeil, the list may not be complete as yet because the ballot box, kept at the west desk was swiped yesterday. The list of contestants includes : Dorothy Andrews, Mary Burts(Continued on page 2)
“I’d never trust my life in one of them things” was a common phrase when airplanes were still a novelty, and it may be a good idea, yet, if we can judge from the' recent flight of a toy airplane that is owned by Jim Ashton, a junior in mechanical enginering. Trying out the efficiency of his 7 and one-hatf foot wing span airplane several evenings ago, he saw it rise in the air for its last flight After several very successful short flights, he warmed up the motor. The plane took off—zoomed upward. Patiently he waited for the timer (a device which automatical];y cuts out the motor after 30 seconds) to cut out. He waited in vain; the timer stuck and the little plane continued on up until it went out of sight, heading somewhere east of the Purdue airport. If you happen to be in the vicinity o:fi-the airport, you might look for the airplane and collect the dollar reward that is offered for its return.
Up-Hair, Wasp Waists Should Go To Brawl With Pin-Striped Trousers
Sketches from Neville Truman’s Costume Qook
Reproduced by Ned Ochiltree, Eng. ’39
The first two figures represent costumes worn by men in the 1890’s, while the second two figures represent women’s costumes of the same date, the third being an evening dress and the fourth a typical street costume.
Editor’s Note: This essay is the prize winner in Sigma Delta Chi’s contest concerning the type of dress worn on the Bowery in the 1890’s. Miss Hegele wins a complimentary ticket to the Boilermaker’s Brawl.
of five-to-one ratio at Purdue, the co-eds should be proud of their showing. Of the total membership of the club, 7% are co-eds; 14.5% of the prints were entered by them, and they received 18% of the awards. We won’t diaw any definite conclusions, but if this IS any indication of the division of ability on the Purdue campus—^well, you can look over the evidence yourself.
By Betty Hegele The “Gay Nineties” period was the era of toques and bonnets, stiff Victorian mantles, jet beads, guipure braid, bowlers and pin-striped trousers, upswept hair and wasp waists. The typical 1890 woman wore a morning glory or umbrella skirt which fitted closely at the hips then billowed out in a bell shape or in great flute-like folds. Underneath
it weie at least two starched petticoats
Gave Her a Wasp Waist Hei tight, basque bodice was
boned and gored to fit without a wrinkle, to give her a wasp waist and to give her what they called a “Noah’s Ark shaped bust.” This bodice had a high collar edged with a small frill, large sleeves, closely fitted at the wrist with exaggerated puffs and epaulets at the shoulders, or regular leg-o-mutton sleeves. The bodice buttoned down the front or back; no belt was necessary. Styles for the evening were the same, slightly modified. (See the sketched model). Tubes seemed to dictate the shape of men’s clothes for they were uniformly ungainly and undistinguished. A “Gay Nineties” gentleman wore
narrow, black pin-striped trousers and a straight-buttoned vest over a shirt embellished with a tie of long, loose-ended bows, a tie of sailor knots or bows under the collar flaps. Brown boots or black shoes and a fairly tall topper or a lowcrowned bowler completed his costume.
A glance into his wardrobe would probably have revealed a Norfolk jacket, a frock and a lounge coat, and an overcoat. For evening he had a velvet jacket or a dinner jacket and a tail coat. His collar was a double turnover, a butterfly wing one or “Butler’s” low points under his coat.
By Bowery Bill
Gathei ’lound closei, folks, and we’ll let you in on a little secret. . . we’ve got some piize winners to announce today.
Pictures that have been ordered from the Dexheimer Carlon studio will be delivered to individual persons on or before December 15, it was announced last night by Fred Winter, Debris editor.
These pictures, which were taken for the 1939 Debris have been ordered by students personally.
Fust theie’s the Exposer candid campus close-up contest, and the top-1 anking cameiaman in this competition is James J. Dickstein, who hangs out over on Waldron street at the Phi Pi Phi house. For his three entries revealing the finer points in kissing technique, Dickstein may claim a fiee Boilermakers’ Brawl du9at.
Two other amateur snapshot aitists are entitled to $1 reductions on the price of a Brawl ticket for pictures which will appear m the Exposer. Bob Strieby, of Delta Upsilon, and Walter Wagner, 131 S. Grant, turned in the photos for lun-nei-up positions. Hegele’s Essay Best Betty Hegele wins the complimentary ticket for the best essay on Bowery costumes of the 1890’s. Although her graphic sketches seem a trifle high-toned for the Powery as it ran during the last quarter of
Frosh Team
Looks Good
In 2nd Half
Displaying “high schoolish” basketball tactics and fundamentals, the Boilermaker varsity net squad eked out a hard earned victory over a roster of yearlings last night in the Fieldhouse before 1,200 spectators by a score of 57 to 39. Jumping into an early lead, the Lambert contingent caught the freshmen redhanded and acquired nine points before lanky frosh center Nuetzel dropped the sphere through the draperies for two points. The yearling continued his sterling play for five minutes, scoring eight points while both teams failed to tally. Frosh Wake Up Simultaneously with the individual exhibition of Nuetzel, the frosh sprang to life at the half way mark of the first period, and Coach “Dutch” Fehring’s lads held the varsity to a 13-13 score. Varsity Captain Gene Anderson added the necessary steam to the Boilermaker machine a few minutes later, pacing the team with three buckets and a personal in the initial half. Other stars in the first half were Dickinson and Hutt, guard and forward, respectively. Score at the half was 23-18.
Varsity Look Bad The second period turned out to be a proverbial nightmare. The varsity handled the ball like adolescents, shot when it pleased, tossed the leather up and down the court at random and displayed a poor brand of basketball playing. Top scorers for the Boilermakers were Anderson, who made five goals and a personal, and Sophomores Igney and Swartz with four buckets each. Sterling perfoimers for the frosh were Center Nuetzel, who whiffed the ball through the hoop six times, while Forwards Tierney and Blanken garnered eight points.
Springgate Wins
Sophomore Hanley Speech Contest
Exposer Features Campus Close-Ups
the nineteenth centmy, she carries off the award. Miss Hegele is a Kappa and reputedly an authority on the history of clothing. In connection with the fashion competition, the pi ice of a ticket will be refunded to the couple appealing at the Brawl Fiiday night dressed in the most Boweryish costume. A number of piospective beardwinners is cropping out over the campus in anticipation of the five (Continued on page 4)
Richard Springgate, sophomore in the school of chemical engineering, was first prize winner of sophomore finals in the Hanley Speech Contest last night in the Home Economics Building auditorium. Springgate’s subject was “Government Wealth 'Sharers” and Bert Bohlm, sophomore in the mechanical school and second prize winner, spoke on the subject “Lawmakers Labor.” Last night’s first prize winner will be presented with an engraved copy of “Handbook of Engineering Fundamentals.” Winners In Finals Those winning fiist and second place in last night’s contest will be entitled to enter the final Hanley Contest to be held in Fowler Hall April 18. At the final contest two representatives from each class will compete for a first prize award of $50 and a second prize award of $20. Chairman of last night’s event was Prof. A. N. Topping of the electrical engineering school, and judges were Prof. D. L. Curtnfflr, Prof. R. G. Thomas, and R. D. King. Professor Horn, of the speech department, announced winners of the event.
Mrs, H, Hunt,
. . . wife of Chemistry Professor H. Hunt, gave birth to a baby b<^ Monday night in Homo Hoaidtikl.,
4sriilk'
where Do We Go... ... from here?” is a question many graduating clothing and textiles specialists are asking. Those who wish to enter the fashion field are told that their only means of starting are selling and stenographic positions. Years of practical experience^ are necessary as an apprenticeship for positions as fashion executives, and yet there is today a strong demand for youthful, attractive women executives. Julia Coburn, nationally known fashion authority, recognized this need and last year, with Tobe, pipneer stylist, foujided the School for FashlohsCareers at 9 Rockefeller Plaza, N. Y. Accordmg.to the prospectus, “It proposes to shorten for its students the necessary period of apprenticeship, saving their time and strength, and giving them the joy of succeeding while they are still young.” Miss Coburn, who will be available for consultation on the campus toiriorrow, has to her credit a career which should be an inspiration to anyone interested in the fashion field. Kansas City, Mo., is her birthplace, and Vassar her alma mater. Starting point in Miss Coburn’s career was a position as assistant in the advertising department of LaSalle and Koch Company in Toledo, 0. In four years she rose to the position of publicity director, which involved directing and coordinating advertising, display, publicity, and fashion activities. Art work in Miss Grace ComelFs Art Colony in Maine, and a year studying French at the Sorbonne in Paris gave her knowledge which she used in her next position as direc-
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 11(58, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922, Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year -and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. CO-ED STAFF Editor. , SaUy McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard EDITORIAL OFFICE Boom D, Memorial Union BuiMing, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Night Editor—^Houston Issue Editor—Wickard Thursday, December 8, 1938
tor of the manufacturer’s fashion service of Harper’s Bazaar magazine. She next organized the fashion syndicate of the Hearst newspapers, and in 1932 she was made fashion editor of the Ladies Home Journal. As a background for her articles attractively presenting fashion news and wardrobe advice. Miss Coburn made regular trips abroad to visit the European centers of fashion. For three years she has been a vice president of The Fashion Group, an organization of women who have made successful careers in fashion work. Last year Miss Cobum resigned from the Ladies Home Journal to devote her, entire time to the school, where she serves as Execu^ tive Director and personally conducts the course in fashion writing as well. —B.J.W.
By Beth Simpson Constance Bennett is starred in Universal’s new romantic comedy, “Service DeLuxe,” which starts to day at the Lafayette theater. Miss Bennett is seen as the head of a firm which performs all kinds of personal services for its clients. Vincent Price, a newcomer to the screen, is cast as a naive up-state boy who comes to New York trying to peddle a tractor invention and falling easily into the hands of designing women. —C-C— Dick Powell and Olivia de Havilland are teamed in the leading roles of “Hard to Get,” the hilarious romance at the Mars today through Saturday. Dick is an ambitious business man who is shown as the manager of a combined gas station and auto camp. Olivia is a spoiled and petulant heiress whose father heads the company which employs Dick. Charles Winniger heads the supporting cast of comedians. —C-C— Revealing a phase of Hollywood life said never to have been presented before on the screen, “Fugitives for a Night” is now showing at the New Main with Prank Albertson and Eleanor Lynn in the leading roles. “Swing it, Professor” with Pinky Tomlin is the second feature of the double bill. : —C-C— One of Clarence E. Mulford’s best action pictures, “Pride of the West,” which brings “Hopalong” Cassidy back to the screen opens at the Luna today. It is a fast-moving story of stage coaching days in the old West. William Boyd is featured as “Hopalong” Cassidy. —C-C— A prize-fight story, “The Main Event,” with Jacqueline Wells and Robert Paige, and “Trusted Outlaw,” a western action-filled picture with Bob Steele, will be shown at the Arc theater December 8-10. The third chapter of “Lone Ranger” will also be shown. Piggy Lambert... . . . Boilermaker basketball coach, will discuss Purdue possibilities. Big Ten strength, and basketball rules as guest on Dick Shively’s regular sports review program broadcast from WBAA from 12:15 to 12:30 tomorrow.
Ninely-Six Co-eds--(Continued froih page 1)
field, Barbara Rector, Joan Paulus, Helen McQueen, Beverly Rice, Nan Ward, Caroline Shaw, Jane Haltom, Jean Jones, Vivian Peterson, Helen Lange, Betty Hegele, Pat Potter, Treva Berry, Betty Campbell, Jessie Graham, Eleanor Kistler, Virginia Behler, Janet Avery, Evelyn Smith, Mary Schnaible, Betty Trexler, Qladys Cox, Patty Roesch. Others included are Althea Jorgenson, Jeanne Beemer, Ruth Bennett, Peg Davis, Margaret Stocker, Virginia Hulse, Mary Katherine Kern,' Corrine Reifers, Ellen Kepner, Mickey Upshur, Barbara Roderick, Mary McClelland, Jo Fleager, Winnie Gregory, Georgann Schilling, Alice Martens, Muriel Smith, Anna Mertz, Peggy Boyce, Rosemary Feil, Marge Moore, Margaret Grann, Peg Little, Kate Eviston. Bunny Evans, Marie Freeland, Estette Young, Helen Rae Wilson, Caroline Lemon, Ruth Newton, Caroline Scott, Maxine Chaille; Mary Petticrew, Georgianna Baker, Parker W3mn. Names of additional co-eds entered are: Valerie Armstrong, Anna Fay Campbell, Yvonne Holden, Ona Morrison, Barbara Hymen, Virginia Royce, Ruth Bryant, Frances Eastburn, Alberta Densford, Grace Reingart, Dorothy Kolar, Martha Brown, Martha Wood, Mary Jane West, Jane Caldwell, Marjorie Baumgart, Mary Mather, Dotty Bryant, Marjorie Blocker, Bonnie Ketcham, Ella Lou Sexton, Elizabeth Stewart, Mary Glen Yeager, Ann Sickman, Pat Heine, Yvonne Price, Jane Ostrander, Jean Halmond, Virginia Sommer, Winifred Clapp, Libby Funsett, Mary Jane Herring, Mary Wein, Josinah Allen, Betty Morris, and Billie Brewer. Chess Club To Meet Indianapolis Team Members of the Purdue Chess Club will play the Indianapolis Club tomorrow at 7 p. m., in Indianapolis. The play-oif for those who attend the match will be held this evening at 7 p. m. in the Union game room. Ten men are needed for the match. Cars will be furnished for those going to Indianapolis. R. L. Curtner is president of the club, and R. W. McMaster is secretary.
JUNIOR BALLROOM DANCING CLASS OPENS SATURDAY, DEC. 10, 7:00 P. M. Overcome Embarrassment' and Awkwardness by Enrolling in the Above Class NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADULT BALLROOM CLASSES BEGINNERS, WED., 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED, THURS., 7:00 P. M.
ALLEN'S
6th AND FERRY
By Marie Butz P. W. Robbins, of Michigan State College, has developed, a unique method of class procedure in his class in forest nursery practice. Each member of the class is assigned a topic about which he is to give a five-minute lecture. While students talk, Robbins sits in the “^lass and grades the quality of each lecture. —C— The “dime date bureau,” of the University of Toronto, established four years ago, arranges dates for students of the University for the cost of 10 cents. Applicants are required to fill out a lengthy form paper giving their preference as to height, appearance, interests, and Social standing of their prospective dates. ; —C—: ' ' Bill Williamson, sophoniore at the University of North Carolina, believes in capitalizing on his various themes. Last year he enlarged a freshman paper into a book which, sold 400 copies in advance of publication. The title of his work is “History of Company L, 120th Infantry,” the oldest national guard uni.t in North Carolina and the second oldest in the United States. —C— Dickinson College in Pennsylvania requires students to participate in faculty-regulated extra-curricu-lar activities in order to fulfill the graduation requirements. —C— Cornell University’s Professor C. H. Myers has developed a new type cabbage that does not give off objectionable odors when cooked. But after surveying the sales reports, which are surprisingly low, he came to the conclusion that modern Americans still like their corned beef and cabbage with the odor left in.
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT.
A COLUMBIA PICTURE — with — Robert Paige Jacquelin Wells — and —-
Said Triangle HARVEY BEHRENDS to Cherry Pie Queen MARY WEIN—^just four nights ago— “Mary, dear, for the last time, will you take my pin? If you don’t take it this time, I swear, I won’t ask you another time.” ^ Hm—thought Mary, “He’s serious. I do still want to go places and do things.” So now, Harvey thinks he’ll get a few more cherry pies, for Mary’s business sense won out. She’s wearing a Triangle pin. Then there’s another brother who was taking no chances. No pin, so GRANGER might as well risk a ring. Now FRED’S initiated and everything’s O.K. GEORGIALEE WEIGEL has his ring plus pin.
This Saturday night’s the night the Debris annually sticks its neck out. Uh-huh. The Debris Beauty Contest, Only the boys haven’t been able to take it the last two years, with off-campus impartial judges.
RHYTHM ... Her eyes outshined the starlight Her lips like dew, I guess. Her fancy ran to side-cars, H , what a hangover.
Rumor has it that a certain Monkish athlete who recently put his pin out is not taking this romantic business seriously enough. A pin out on this campus means “I’m attached. Keep off the grass.” Better remember that, son, and save a lot of sorrow.
Overheard in the Phi Gam house during visit by L. G- BALFOUR representative: , Bob Buck: “What do you have for a baby that’s plenty nice for 50 cents?”
BITS . . . The Purdue Engineer would contain if pressure were lessened. Does the moon affect the tide? No, only the untied.
She: “Where did you learn to kiss like that?” He: “I eat spaghetti.”
STARTS TODAY Double Feature
CONN PRODUCTIONS INC, PRESENTS p I r K y ^ TOKLIN in 7I10FESS0& PAULA STONE
Filirec tiiigling lunes, .. "AN Old " -FASHIONED .-MEfOOV-
MART KORNMAN MILBURN STONB Pat G LIASON GORDON RLLIOT 3 GENTLEMANIACS
•PllW —
ii
FORA
A REPUBLIC RELEASE
— Also — LONE RANGER, No. 3
A
First Run Movl« Qalx
wM. FRANK
alb^^on
“A burglar in your mother’s room ? Let him-fight^W^ battles!”
He: “I just heard of a girl who takes a shower—and dresses in three minutes.” She: “Why that isn’t so wonderful.” He: “I’d like to see you do it.” Tomorrow night the EXPOSER, not counting the Brawl, will dim our usual potent watts and voltage, so here goes. For once the fellows can think of razor blades and laugh.
Gail Red field Will Discuss Xmas Candy Miss Gail Redfield, of the home economics department, will discuss “Christmas Candies” at the meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club to be held today at 4 o’clock in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building. New recipes and methods of handling and wrapping candies will be stressed.
The resources of Columbia University and its affiliated institutions are now estimated at $158,868,638. Its budget for the last fiscal year was $15,756,444.
HELD . . . . . . OVER! THRU SATURDAY By Popular Demand
MfidVKIU
LUMA TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
2 FIRST RUN HITS
Another rapid-fire action adventure with Hopalong Cassidy I
•RIAN LYNN WALLY DONLEVY • SARI VERNON
The Screen’s (Gayest Stars in the Love > and-Langh Sensation of the Season
with
TOBAY FRI. ■ SAT.
Dick Powell Olivia DeHavilland ^ CHARLES WINNINGER ALLEN JENKINS BONITA GRANVILLE MELVILLE COOPER A WARNER BRO& PICTURE
liiAM^ tkui'sday/Det(in^ 8. 1838
THE PURDinS
tiiirvoisiiinNn' CtAJfWMCiFIl
• ■zm
7-7
Theta Chi Defeats Phi Kappa Sigma, 12-6; Boilermaker Pugilists To Battle ln The Elimination Matches For Golden Gloves
In its third return game to break tied scores, Theta Chi overcame Phi Kappa Si^a, 12 to 6, in intramural toubhball semifinals yesterday afternoon. Despite Evers’ 60-yard pass completed to Kelley for a touchdown^ the Phi Kappa Sigs failed to hold their opponents after the first half. While Phi Kappa Sigma relied on " passing, a strong running attack by ' C Theta Chi brought the pigskin in I easy scoring position twice during p „ Klnn-Pnn/<ai'/anrtf» the second half. Both Anstrand and IN Ofl UOfirerenCe Morris took the ball over the goal CmIm for the Theta Chi’s. However, neith- VjO Ull ^31© er team succeeded in making the ex- Reserved seats for the Boilermaktra point after scoring. ' er hardwood non-conference schedule of six games, which starts MonChampionship finals will be njgjit against Monmouth Colplayed between Theta Chi and Phi lege, will be placed on sale at the Kappa Tau on the freshman football Purdue tlckgt office in the Fieldfield tonight at 4:30. Fraternity house today. winner of the tournament will re- Tickets for these games will be ceive a gold trophy, and each mem- sold at 76 cents each, including tax, her of the team will be awarded an ^ith the exception of the DePaul individual medal. - and Southern California games. Theta Chi ' Pos. Phi Kappa which will be sold at one dollar Vance. LE Evers ' Bone LG Kelley L™**®** Number Beers C. Jelberg > Since Southern California and IIMorris RG.... Engeman linois Teacehrs’ games are sched- ^ Schreiner RE Hufnagel uled for the Christmas holidays Tredwell QB.............. Merket , when the majority of the student Anstrand LH Bick body will be out of town, a limited Vernon RH Bobbit number of reserved seats will be Puller FB Withers available to the general public on the main fioor at the door. Stratton Lectures On Fencers Will Face Ranfoul, Recent Conference Illinois Aviation School, ^ Dean C. Stoatton talked |p FifSt SchOCluled Mofch to 20 members of the WSGA Executive Board last night in the WSGA Fencing competition for varsity' office. A survey of the recent con- positions is scheduled for this week ference on “Education and Position with the first match Saturday afterin a Democracy” which was held at noon against Rantoul, Illinois aviaKeuka College, Keuka, N. Y., was tion school. Approximately 25 men the subject of discussion. are trying out for places on the As a result of the conference a report was presented which provid- Coach R. V. Finney has entered ed that a study would be made on all ^be Purdue fencers in matches with the data now available on the educa- Notre Dame, Illinois, Ohio, and tion of women. This material should Wisconsin. These matches will not be interpreted from nursery school begin until second semester, through college and the presenta- Plans for an eastern tour during tion of the study should be in popu- Christmas vacation have been called lar foiTtn. off because of insufficient funds.
Boilermaker pugilists will test their skill in elimination boxing matches Friday night at 7:30,o’clock in the east end of the main gym in the Fieldhouse. Twenty students with weights ranging from 112 to 196 pounds, will participate in the bouts. Survivors from the first rounds will be entered in the Golden Gloves competition January 24. “Although a few of the boys are rather green, the majority of them are in pretty fair condition,” stated “Paunchy” Maxwell, boxing coach. All students may have admission by showing their passport. Adult tickets may be purchased for 26 cents and children’s tickets for 10 cents.
Boilermakers To
JUST///
THE GIFTS YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
When in doubt what to give your father or brother for Christmas stop at Dewenter's. You'll find outstanding values here---whether it be shirts, ties, gloves, or even a hat. Make it a Christmas to be remembered.
TIES He'll wear them—and he'll like them if you select from our carefully chosen stock, picked to please men's taste.
DEWENTER^S
416 Main St.
Phone 3801
Intramural Notices,
Facing one of the toughest fdotball schedules in years, from the opener with Notre Dame to the final clash against Indiana, Purdue’s 1939 squad will meet two newcomers and renew two old rivalries.
Opening Big Ten competition will be furnished by Minnesota, 1938 Big Ten champions, who inflicted the only conference defeat on the Boilermakers last season.
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—Jim Kurtz. 7:00—^Delta Upsilon vs. Kappa Sigma. 7:15—^Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Acacia. 8:25—^Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 8:40—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Court 2—Goldstein. 7:00—^Theta Tau vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 7:1B—Phi Pi Phi vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 8:26—Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 8:40—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Gamma Delta. ■ Court 3—D. Poster. 7:00—Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 7:16—Phi Kappa vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 8:25—Delta Chi vs. Delta Tau Delta. 8:40—Alpha Chi Rho vs."Theta Xi.
Face Newcomers Newcomers to the schedule are Michigan State and Santa Clara, both non-conference schools, who have established themselves as powers on the collegiate gridiron. Along with the Notre Dame game, another series of games with Northwestern will be continued in 1939. Purdue’s complete 1939 schedule, which includes only two home games, is as follows: Sept. 30—Purdue at Notre Dame. Oct. 14—Purdue at Minnesota. Oct. 21—Michigan State at Purdue. Oct. 28—Purdue at Santa Clara. Nov. 4—Iowa at Purdue. Nov. 11—Purdue at Northwestern. Nov. 18—Purdue at Wisconsin. Nov. 25—Purdue at Indiana. /
SQUASH Today (8) Three man team from each house: Court 1, 2 and 3: 7:00—Phi Pi Phi vs. Phi Delta Theta. 7:46—Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 8 :30—Sigma Pi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 9:16—Theta Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon.
Varsity Squash Team
Travels To Dayton For
Two Matches Saturday
Proctor And Gamble
Offer Tests For
Senior Engineers
All senior chemical, electrical, and mechanical engineers who want to find out more about their personal interests and aptitudes are being offered a new test by the Proctor and Gamble Company. Dr. Richard Uhrbrock will meet all senior engineers interested in taking this test in the main lecture room of the EE Building today at 4 o’clock. One-half of the test will determine the senior’s interests and the other half his ability in the field of his training. Men whose interests and aptitudes correspond to the pattern of scores desired by Proctor and Gamble and who are interested in employment with them may be requested to interview company officials at Ivorydale, near Cincinnati, Ohio.
Tuttle Will Address
Camera Club Meeting
Sigma Delta Psi...
... tryouts will be held today in room 304 of the Fieldhouse, according to M. A. Keller, manager in charge.
SQUARE STYLES
AT A SQUARE PRICE
3
.50
Relaxing hours are in store for the girl who wears these shoes during non-social hours. They'll be the most comfortable addition to your wardrobe.
015 B SiN-E N E C OM PANV
Down Stairs
Accurate Slugging For Losers; Bodeau High
By Janet Pickering
Gimlet basket-throwing screwballs met the Rambunctious Reamer squad in the season’s most thrilling hardhead encounter at the Fieldhouse last night. Lanky Tony Ippolito played center (of all free-for-all wrestling) for the Gimlets. He combined excellent passihg with accurate slugging.
Bob Michaels, wearing a plaid blouse and hoop skirt in the latest
Boilermakers To Face Midwest Conference Champs Monday Night
Purdue’s varsity squash team, only varsity squash team in the middlewest, will travel to Dayton oh Saturday to play two matches with the Wright Air Corps and the Dayton Club. After Christmas a five-maxi team will leave for the East to start a tough schedule with a match against the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia on December 27. On the 28th the Boilermakers will meet Princeton. In three games to be played in New York City, on December 29, 30, 31 squash men will meet teams from Yale, Harvard, and M. I. T. The Amherst team will provide final competition for the eastern matches. Tony Sokolowski is captain of varsity squash. R. E.'Jackson, Eberhard, and Juve will have berths on the eastern team. Blitz and Munroe are candidates for the remaining place.
Purdue’s defending Big Ten basketball champions will open their schedule Moaday night, when they face Mpnmouth, Midwest Conference champions. Nine lettermen and a pair of promising sophomores, including four of the five regulars who won the championship for Monmouth in ten straight games last year, are expected to see most of the action against the Boilermakers. Coach Bobby Woll expects this year’s Monmouth combination to be even stronger offensively than in the past season. Last year’s quintet is minufe only one player, John Lusk, all-conference guard. High Scorers Slim Mannen, 6-foot 5-inch center, who led the squad in scoring for the season last year, and Dud Pluhket, who captured the scoring honors in conference games as a sophomore forward, will probably be the nucleus of Monmouth’s scoring activities. Dick Moody, senior guard, and Ken Shank, center from two years ago, will team up for the defense. Bernie Bolon, labeled as the spark plug of the quintet, is expected to fill the fifth starting assignment. Although the Monmouth quintet will invade the Fieldhouse with the advantage of having already played two games. Coach Ward Lambert expects the speed of his rebuilt combination to enable the Boilermakers to get off with a head start. Lambert has indicated that he will depend on veterans in the starting combination for the initial game. The battle Monday will be the first of three home encounters within six days for the Boileimakers who will tackle Detroit here Wednesday night and DePauI (Chicago) on Saturday night.
mode, made the first basket in the Reamer’s fast offensive campaign. High point man of the game was Art Bodeau (sitting on T^ony Juska’s shoulders). Bob MacDonald, wearing an attractive 1890 bathing suit of the same year’s model as his line substituted for the water boy in the tight defense of the Gimlets. - Little Paul Humphreys, wearing his b®st white flannel underwear, and Beanpole Mason, immodestly, attired in regulation black shorts, showed some of the fastest teamwork expected to be s4en in the Midwest Conference this season. . Zip, speed and stamina marked this as the most exciting basketball game ever held in the Fieldhouse. Spirit* between the Gimlets aad Reamers rivaled the Purdue traditional rivalry. Applause from the enthusiastic audience greeted the players when the end of the game came.
Matthews To Speak About'Leisure Hour'
Dean Mary L, Matthews, of the home economics school, will be a speaker at the meeting of the Carroll County Corn Show -and Institute today at Delphi. She is to speak on the subject of “The Leisure Hour.?’ Yesterday Dean Matthews spoke at a meeting of the Purdue Dads and Mothers Association in the Chicago area.
Virginia Porter To Speak For Survey Class Today
Miss Virginia Porter, homp economics director of Libby, McNeil, and Libby and known as “Mary, Hale Martin” will be here today to talk to the class in survey of homeeconomics on the subject of “Home Economics in the Business Field.”
“Photography in Color’.’ will be discussed by H. B. Tuttle, of the Eastman Kodak Co., Rochester, N. Y., at an open Camera Club meeting in Stanley Coulter Hall main lecture room at 7:30 tonight. Tuttle will place particular emphasis on Kodachrome film and will explain theory of color. Practical exposure conditions, both indoors and out, will come up for discussion. Sixteen millimeter Kodachrome movies and Kodachrome stills will be screened. Camera Club officials invite all photography or colorminded students to attend this meeting.
'm
^ •
I"* SccaLOdA. niE p™™. opo»z»i ThtioL
‘t'i
i |j' p
1?^ ^
Julia Coburn, Head Of School For Fashion
Ca«e«,ToCcnlerWHkC^sOnFMa, txpo»rfeal«t6S-
' ' (Continued from page 1)
“What opportunities ai-e there in
the fashion field?” This question will be answered by Julia Coburn at four o’clock on Friday, December 9, in the women’s lounge of the Union. All women students who
are interested may attend. Miss Coburn is the head of the
School for Fashion Careers in New York City. In New York in 1937, Miss Coburn, with Tobe Coller Davis founded the Tobe-Coburn School for Fashion Careers. This school is the first professional training school of its kind. It meets with the growing demand for specially trained young executives in the various fashion fields. Mary Szur, Purdue graduate of 1935, was one of the 71 students in the first class.
Miss Coburn is one of the most
outstanding women in the business world today. She is a graduate of Vassal- College. After being fashion editor of the Ladies Home Journal for five years, she became an assistant in the advertising department and later publicity director
Radio Headliners
—THURSDAY— 12 :06 nooh—Hit revue', WCFL^ 12 :30 p. —Luncheon dance time, WBAA. 12 :30 p. m.—Midday melodies, WCFL. 4:00 p. m.—Make Believe Danceland, WCFL. 4 :00 p. m.—Concert miniature, WMAQ. 4 :15 p. m.—Swingtime serenade, WENR. 4 :30 p. m.—Harold Stokes’ orchestra, WON. , . 4 :30 p. m.—Tea time tunes, WFBM. 4 :45 p. m.—Gus Lazaro’s orchetsra, WGN. 6 :15 p. m.^—Vocal varieties', WMAQ, WLW. 6 :15 p. m.:—Yar concert orchestra, WGN. 6 :30 p. m.—Ennio Bolognini’s orchestra, WENR. 6;45p. m.—Four stars tonight, WMAQ. 7 :00 p. m.—Rudy Vallee’s variety hour, WLW, WMAQ. 7 :00 p.m.—Kate Smith hour, WBBM; 7:00 p.m.—Heidelberg concert oi'chestra, WGN. 7 :30 p. m.—International Conference program, WLW. 5 :00 p. m.—Good News of 1939 with Meredith Wilson's orchestra, WLW, WMAQ. 8:15 p.m.—Yar concert orchestra. WGN. 8:30 p.m.—America’s Town Meeting of the air, WENR. 8 :45 p. m.—Heidelberg concert orchestra, WGN. 9 :00 p. m.—Kraft Music Hall starring Bing Crosby, WMAQ, WLW. 9 :00 p. m.—Concert revue, WGN. 10 :00 p. m.—Vincent Lopez’ orchestra, WBBM. 10:15 p.m.—Ennio Bolognini’s orchestra, WENR. 10:15 p. m.—Anson Weeks’ orchestra, WGN. 10 :30 p. m.—Little Jack Little’s orchestra, WGN. 10 :30 p. m.—Earl Hines’ orchestra, WENR. 10 :30 p. m.—Lou Breese’s orchestra, WMAQ. 10:45 p.m.—Henri Gendroh’s orchestra, WBBM. 11:00 p.m.—Sammy Kaye’s orchestra, WBBM. 11:00 p.m.—Benny Goodman’s orchestra, WGN. 11:00 p. m.—Moon River, WLW.
Exquisite Gifts in Lingerie Attractively Priced • • . • . SATIN GOWNS Beautifully embroidered and lace trimmed—floor length-— full sweep. In dusty rose, blue, flesh and tea rose. Sizes 34 to 40. An excellent gift for most women. $2.98 "TOM GIRL” PAJAMAS America’s Favorite Pajama of sweetheart satin — a luscious glistening model with contrasting piping and fringe. In dusty rose' and lucerne blue. Sizes 14 to 17. Ideal for young girls. $2.98 A Store Full of Gifts at Moderate Prices THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622-626 Main Street
of LaSalle and Koch store in Toledo. She was then promotion manager of Harper’s Bazaar and a director of a fashion syndicate for Hearst newspapers. From one until three o’clock on Friday Miss Coburn will confer with students in the Home Economics Building. Anyone who wishes to talk with , her about business careers may do so during this time.
Personnel Notes
Company: Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, 'Akron, 0. Representative: T. W. Prior, Personnel Department. Visiting Purdue: Thursday and Friday, December 15 and 16. Interviewing: Senior ChE, EE, ME Science (accounting and sales majors.) Employment: Production, research, design, sales and commercial work, maintenance and construction, accounting. All employees given a training course. Those interested sign up in their school office, tiiterature on this company available there. Seniors selected by the heads of their variious schools for an interview will be asked to attend a group meeting with Mr. Prior Thursday morning, December 15, at 9 a. m.
Company: Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Neenah, Wis. Products: Paper and paper products. Representative: F. F. Martin, Industrial Relations Department. Interviewing: Seniors in chemical, mechanical engineering, science seniors majoring in physics. Time: Tuesday and Wednesday, December 13, 14. Those interested please sign up now in the main office of their school.
prizes offered for various outstanding bewhiskered mugs. Beard In Fine Shape Jack Cassell, however, was pretty much worried yesterday afternoon about his chances of copping arjy awards. His beard was in fine shape, but .... “My girl says she won’t go to the Brawl with me unless I shave before Friday night,” moaned Jack. “I’ve got two more days to argue with her, but I don’t know.” So we’re appealing publicly to Miss Bonnie Ketcham, Pi Phi pledge, not to shear Jack of his hirsute strength. After all, he has worked nine days to gain it. Over at the SAE house, John Deckert (10 days) and Dick Oblinger (13 days) were thoughtfully caressing black and red beards, respectively. Although not eligible for prizes, SDX President Don Bailey had sprouted a rather masterful (red) growth by the first of this week. Monday night, however, he had dinner with History Professor L. M. Sears, in one of whose courses he was to take a test the, following day. But Don has started his again. Pictures Prepared To the engraver yesterday afternoon went about 150 square inches of choice campus pictorial matter, to be prepared for publication in Friday night’s. Exposer. According to jouinalists working on the scan-dal-bearing tabloid, this year’s pictures are better than any lot which has appeared on the campus. SDX’er Bob Gilbert says he has completed arrangements to have the entire west end of the Union reserved for Friday night’s dancers. Decorations and the bar backdrop are well underway at i the hands of Student Union workers, too, he reports. Meanwhile Brawl tickets, priced at $1.99y2, ar-e selling fast at the west Union desk, at Deac’s, Decker’s, and Southwprth’s, and also from Sigma Delta Ghi members.
BARGAIN CENTER 20-22 North Third Street
CORDUROY PANTS
LADIES’ SHOES
Value $3.79
Modern Miss Peters
$2,39 ■
$1.69
We Specialize in Bankrupt Stocks and Sample Merchandise
ALLE“’_ SCHOOL OF OANCI NCa CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION FOR STUDENTS OF PURDUE Beginner’s Wednesday, December 7th 7:00 P.M. Advanced Thursday, December 8th 7:00 P. M. No Lessons Given During Holiday Vacation. P. M. Allen, Instructor ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150 II
CHOOl'OF DAnm-G
Yes Si
SANTA RECOGNIZES QUALITY
Santa knows that when it comes to quality and deliciousness of baked foods, Graves can’t be equalled. Graves quality Bakery
124 State, W. L.
Phone 3852
Barmes To Speak At Training School Libby Barmes will speak about the WSGA activities committee at the sophomore training school, today at 4 o’clock in the Union tower room, concerning interviews which will start next semester. The purpose of the interviews is to find what activities co-eds participate in and what offices they hold. The file for transfer and freshman students has been completed during the past six weeks. The committee intends to interview all seniors before spring vacation. The juniors and sophomores will then be interviewed, and after spring vacation a recheck on the freshmen will be taken. All interviews are filed at the WSGA and Dean Stratton’s offices to be used for placement reference.
Classified Ads
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Gold Elgin wrist watch. 41344. Reward.
Call
LOST—Jeweled Pi Phi pin. Union ballroom. Reward. Augusta Hite. Call 2866.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
■REWARD—Lost yellow winged, red fuselage 7% foot wing span airplane. East of Purdue airport December 7. $1.00 reward. Call Union or 6226. Jirh Ashton.
ROOMS FOR RENT
ROOM FOR RENT—Single or double, new home, attractively decorated, new furniture, recreation room fully equipped, on car line. 110 E. Stadium Ave. Phone 86271.
FOR RENT—Single or double room down stairs. Lady graduate students preferred. 131 South_Grant St.
ROOM FOR RENT--219 Waldron. Block from campus. Man, student, or business man.
NICE LARGE ROOM with board, block from campus. 219 So. Grant St.
JEWELS Sparkling goms in lovely ring mountings for as little as S25
SItVER Wide choice at moderate prices .
ijHllBI <AROU Yellow whi+o gold filled case, I& jewels $29.75
H undreds of gifts for you to choose from. Prices to suit every budgetl And we're not boasting when we say •very one of them is something to be treasured always ... a gift of tasting valuel See our selection now. LO DDE'S lEWELERS OF QUALITY 419 Main St. Since 1884
Forestry News Booklet To Keep Alumni Posted V. In order to keep^alunipi posted on Purdue campus doings in the forestry department, a hews booklet has been sent to all forestry alumni. The booklet contains an alumni mail box and a description of the new, forestry department quarters In the Horticulture Building. The date of the regional meeting of the Society of American Foresters is announced in the booklet.
m. Thursday, December 8. —BIGHAEDSON.
ASMS Members: Meeting in the tower room of the Union at 7 :80 p. m. December 16. Dean Dukes will be the principal speaker. —CLUTTER,
ChHstian Fellowship Hilinr: Meeting in room B of the Union Thursday, December 8, at 7:80 p. m. Reverend Alnslie Will be the speakers All students are cordially invitedf —BURBRINK.
WAA Volleyball: December 8 at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. Thalaes vs. Ward 2; WRS north vs. Alpha XI: Alpha Chi vs. WRH south. —SWIFT.
.Alpha Zeta: Meeting in room F of the Union Thursday, December 8,‘ at 7:30 p. m. —STONAKER.
Notices
WSGA Sophomores: 'inursday group of ^ training school will meet Thursday, Decejnber 8, at 4 o’clock in the tower room of the Uniqn Building. —BARMES.
Men’s_.BowUng: The following. teams will bowl on Thursday, December 8: 7 p. m., Delta Tau Delta vs. Alpha Gamma Rho; 9 p. m., Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Nu. —WILLIAMSON.
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Meeting Thursday, December 8, at 7:30 p. m. in room 103; Ag. Hall. —KNAPP.
Camera Club: Open meeting at 7 :30 p. m. Thursday, December 8, in the main lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. —OBLINGER.
Military Ball Committee: Important meeting Thursday, December 8, at 4 p. m. in room 202 of the Armory. Bring reports. —TRBECE.
Union Sophomores: Will the followinggirls please meet in the Union office Thursday, December 8, at 4 p. m.: Josihah Allan, Bernice Beisel, Helen Cooper, Jane Halborn, Mary Work, Nancy Pickard, Joanne Potter, Ruth Powell, Virginia Royce, Grace Shaw, Martha Wattles. -MCCLELLAND. WAA Riflery: Thursday, December 8: Pedallon and Phi Mu at 6:16; Chi Omega at 7; Kappa Alpha Theta at 7:46; Makeup at 8 :30. —SMITH. Newman Club: There wijl be no Newman Club Forum meeting Thursday, December 8. Regular schedule will be resumed next week. —KASSER.
Debris Workers; Imperative meeting of all Debris workers Thursday, Deceniber 8, at 4 p. m. in Debris office. —WINTER.
Mortar Board: Meeting Thursday, November 8, at 4:16 p. m. in room C of the Union. —WOOD.
Trade and Industrial Education: Banquet Thursday, December 8, at 6:16 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. —MANKEY.
Recreational Swimming: Open swim for women Thursday, December 8, 4 to 6 :30 and 7 ;30 to 9. Instruction if desired. •»> —YEAGER.
Sigma Delta Chi: There will be a meeting at 7 p. m. Thursday, December 8, in room E of the Union. ■ j ^ . —BAILEY. Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Squires in the Engineer office at 4 p. m. Thursday, December 8: Granger, Layson, Fisher, Ference, .Botsford, Ely, Siefker, and Kimmel. —FEUX. Union Sophomores: All available sophomores please report to the work shop at 4
CE 41: Examination for the removal of C grades will be held in the hydraulic laboratory on Saturday, December 10, from 1 to 4 p. m. Permission to take the examination must be secured from the undersigned before December 9. —GREVE.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
''DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNiR
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Printing
• Locksmith
f^RINTING Office Siiilonery . „ O Wedding Invlieiloni PHONE ■ W«Book..Elc... 2628 CASSEL’S 408FERRV
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Professional
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac•essories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phono 2828
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Photography Make your Christmas Gifts personal. Give Portraits. Special Prices. Scobee’s Rembrandt' Studio 105 Vino St., W. Lafayette, Ind-
TRUE or Fa/se Would you say a cleaning service that protects your garments against moths (at no extra charge) was most preferred? Crown Cleaned Clothes are moth-proofed in the same operation by MONITE moth-proof process. Croois imam'f FINE CLEANERS OF F I N E C L O T H *E S OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
4i
Tau Beta Pi Pledges:,All themes must be turned in to me by 6 i>. m. Friday, December 9, at the Phi Kappa Psi house. —CLUGSTON.
Wesley Foundation: Christmas party Friday, December 9, at 8 p. m. Bring old clothes and furniture that could be used by some needy person. —HORNE.
Motorcycle Club: Meet in room A of the Union Thursday, December 8, at 7 p. m. Last business meeting of the year, please be there. —STRIBBY. ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examination for removing conditions will be held in room 801 on' Saturday, December 17, at 1 p. m. All who wish to take this make-up must see me not later than December 10. —BINDER.