Rle^istratibn Act
Aii Apiplibd to Students
iMifiori |dWs Attend Group A^eetJr^ Tonight (h ME Surfdihgj
: ■'fc.JwS; ‘ '%
CitiblithH 1849
V%i
Daily Since 1906
uinf 53; Ho. 116
West Lafliyette, Indiana
Thursday, February 12, 1942 ',4
■
llectrical Engineering Lab Relief Fund Drive Ends Today
Ce/cu/afor Wi7f Wefp Scf’enfiSts plash
m Mathematical Computations
JBy Drew Pearson and Robert S. Alien
Chiefs Protest Fly jhcrease Opposition; Favor Lewis Repeal VWA^PNGTON, Feb. 11. — The Prasiflerit’s first session With the ioiiit APL-CIO committee was very cordial, and also very frank on the patt of the labor chiefs. 'They spoke their minds plainly {^bout two of the President’s ace lifeutanants—Price Administrator iffepn Henderson and Or. I. Lubiil, head of the Bureau of Labor ^tistias. ■ , Kcjther official was criticized personalty. In fact, the laborites cmph,a|ii,<!d itbat they held Henderson an^ Tubih in high esteem as able and sincere executives. But no ptffichcS; .were,; pulled in assailing theit policies. The laborites’ complaint against both tevolved around the moot question of the cost of living. 'HfendierSon was criticized because of opposition to increased wages, Lubin was harpooned onthe ground that cost of living figures Issued by Ills Bureau were too low. The President produced a letter from Leon Henderson voicing strong ihisgivings about the latest^ wage, demands of CIO president Phil MuiTay’s steel workers. Tit elFect, Henderson took the position that the increase was unwarranted. He said that there will be $85,000,000,000 worth of consumer buying power this year, but only $60,000,000,000 worth of consumer goods. Henderson also argued that there are many categories of workers who cannot hope for an increase in pay ; so that if one group of workers have (Continued on page 2)
R, B. Stewart, controller of the Univei’sity, and. Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the School of Electrical Engineering, have, just completed 'negotiations with the Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company for the purchase of a idx'ge network calculating board to be installed in the distribution laboratory of the Electrical Engineering Building. Tliis board, whicJi with its auxiliary apparatus requires a room 20 by 40 feet, provides for the predetermination of proper locations for hew pox^er plants or added generating capacity in the power system. Predetermines Effect It, also, determines in advance the possibility and effect of desired interchanges of electrical enci’gy between the various power stations of the syiitem. • ■ This board, according To Prof. Ewing, the staff member in charge of the use of the board, will solve problems in regards to power networks and power plant sizes that would otherwise run into mathematical calculations involving as many, as over 200 simultaneous equations. Cooperating Companies The companies cooperating in this project are: The Public Service Company of Indiana, Indianapolis Power and Light Company, The Northern Indiana Public Sei'vice Company, Amoricaii Gas and Electric Company., The • Louisville Gas and Electiic Company, the Dayton (Ohib) Electric Company and the Cincinnati Gas and Electric Company. Prof. Ewing and engineers of the various utilities will operate the board and assign its use to the various utility needs. Because of the priority on materials, it will probably not be possible to obtain this board until next summer or fall.
According to a Domei Bulletin pibked up from Berne, Switzerland, Singapore fell at 1:30 a. nt. All Allied troops in the city were captured or cornered by the same Japiinesc troops that took the airport i on the outskirts of the city yesterday.
Elliott; Hockema^ Dibos To Talk At Special War
Campaign To Benefit Many War Charities
Convo Tomorrow At 11
Scfeen Review Will Present ?
Sponsored by the Student War Council, a special convocation will be held tomorrow morning at 11 in the Music Hall. All classes will be dismissed for the meeting, at which time faculty and student leaders will outline and explain the role of the student body in the war effort of the University. Selections by the band and glee club and the singing of “America” will open the meeting at' which Richard Dibos, — chairman of the Student War Coun-
With today the last day remaining in the University Relief Fund Drive, contributions are still far short of the expected total, according to Damon Elder, chairman of the drive. The table in front of the Sweet Shop has succeeded in collecting only about $12. All organizations and individuals who still • .1 . 11, — 1 wish to contribute must have their
Movies Today
Potter Addresses
“Screen Review,” the regular Thursday afternoon series of movie short presentations, will be shown for the fourth time this senmster from 3 till 6 p.m. today in the Music Hail.
At
The program for the afternoon will include: “Gliihpscs of Washington State,” a travelogue, at 3:05, 4:16 and 6:37; “Memory of Tricks,” a Pete Smith specialty, at 3:16, 4:26 and 6:37; “Listen to Larry,” u band short featuring Larry Clinton and his5 orchestra, at 3:24, 4:36 and 5:46; “News of the Hay” at 3:34 aiid 4:46; “Popular Science No. 2” at 3:42 and 4:63; “Our America at War,” from the March of Time scries, at 3:52 and 6:03; and “Pluto’s Playmate,” a Disney cartoon, at 4:09 and 6:20. , Gimlets, Reamers and Student Union workers at the door will admit no one without his passport for identification.
Defense Industries Need Technicians
State Nurserymen
cil and president of the Student
Senate, will preside.
Following this President E. C. El-
CAniAM Cmmim' liott will give the keynote address 3611 lUl kl1Q|nG0rS and then Prof. Frank C. Hockema, : assistant to the president, will ex-
the procedure to be followed
3PGviyl I^WvlinQ in the selective service registration
■ ^ Monday. ;
Students To Speak
After Prof. Hockema’s address the nine members of the Student
“This country must manufacture War Council will be introduced to war equipment for about 20 mil- the students. Following this Dibos lion people in our ai’ined forces and will discuss questions that have in those of our allies,” A. A. Pot- arisen among the students regardtcr, Dean of the Schools of Engi- ing the present situation. At this nccring, explained in a speech be- time questions may be asked from fore the seiiior engineers last the floor. The meeting will be Thursday morning in the main lee- closed with selections by the Glee ture room of the Electrical Engi- Club and the playing of the Nancering building. In explaining tional Anthem. , what the engineer’s role in a total This convocation will take the war is, Dean Potter stated that place of the third Student War within the next year about ten mil- Council program. Prof. C. B. Murlion people will be hired in the de- phy, who was scheduled to speak at fense industries and that of these this week’s meeting, will speak at thousands will be engineers, as one the regular meeting next week,
in every. fifteen people in defense
money in before 12 noon today at the office of Prof. F. C. Hockema^ assistant to President Elliott.; Those who make contributions at this tiin| may specify the organization which they wish their money to benefit. Although the students have been allowed to contribute without individual solicitations, necessitating
Paul Robeson, negro bass-bari- voluntary contributions, advantage
Saturday Convo Will Present Paul Robeson
tone, will sing at a regular University convocation Saturday at 7:30 p.m. in the Music Hall. Robeson, wha was both an All-American end for two years and a member of Phi Beta Kappa Scholastic Honorary, at Rutgers University, recently completed a new motion picture, “Tales of Manhattan,’! and has resumed his coast-to-coast concert tour.
Choir To Assist
has not been taken of this privilege, according to Elder. Even if the drive is not successful it will not he allowed to continue beyond tomorrow’s limit, according to Univer-
sity rules.
Many Charities Benefit The drive, in chax’ge of the Relief Fund Coordination Committee, will benefit the Red Cross, World
University Concert Choir will as- Student Service Fund, British Waf sist Robeson in his interpretation of Relief, United China Relief, Golden “Ballad for Americans,” feature of Organization, United Seryice the evening’s program. The ballad, Organization and American Field a saga of American democracy from Service. All fraternities, sororities, Patrick'Henry through the machine cooperative houses, residence .halls, age, was introduced by Robeson on student activities and student br-
the “Pursuit of Happiness” radio program two years ago.
Negro Spirituals
He will include a number of negro spirituals in his program Saturday. Robeson has been called the greatest interpreter of these songs in the
ganizations have been asked to give to the fund. PI A has given fifty dollars and the complete story on other contributions will appear in the Ex-
ponent tomoxTow.
Central Office The Activities Bureau has been
Will Hold Meetings To Discuss Planting
Cosmopolitan Club
. . . will have its x-cgular meeting tomorrow night in the form of a party at which friends will be guests. The party will be held in the tower room at the Union at 7:30 p. m. Ail students intex’ested in meeting members of the club arc invited. Francis Lau, vice president, is in charge of the program.
Dr. A. B. Coe . .
. . . speaker at last Sunday's convocation, was guest of honor at the Terry House x-eception held after the convo. Other guests included President Elliott and Dr. Hadley, assistant Dean of Men.
'Scat' Davis To Play Tomorrow
For Intrafraternity Dance
Confpi’encc of Indiana nurserymen, meeting in the Union next Tuesday and Wednesday, will discuss production of quality plant materials, improving planting and maintenance 'sci'vice, high standards in business practice, pi-opaga-tion, and other phases of nursery management. To Discuss Soil.s Dr. G. D. Scarseth and George Enfield of the agx’onomy department will discuss soils auej soil fex--tility. Several out of town speakers will talk during the two-day session, including Dr. Chas. C. Compton of tlie Illinois State Natural Sux’Vey Division, who will speak on “Controlling Insects in the Nursery” and John D. Siebenthaler, nurseryman of Dayton, 0., who will discuss “Choice Plant Material and Relation of good Production Methods to a Successful Nursery Busi-
industries must have at least some acquaintance with engineering, science, or management problems. More Engineers This shortage in engineers can only be met by eiicoux’aging mox’e people to complete an engineering college course, by operating engineering schools without vacations and by setting up special defense training courses to prepare engineers for new tasks in the industries. Potter went on to silate, “Every engineering studeiit who fails in his -studies or who drops out of college bcfox’c graduation makes the situation more serious. It is against our national interest fox* a gx’aduate from an engineering college to enter at this critical period iqxon a line of ■duty other than engineering and thereby leave a vacancy which cannot be filled by rfiason of the scarcity of engineers.” Japs Cause War Also in his talk he explained that we arc at war because of the Japanese treachery at Pearl Harbor, encouraged by Hitler and his unscrup-
WBAA To Broadcast Discussion Groups Sponsored By PIA
world today. His repertoire also in- the central receiving office for fun^ eludes many folk songs.and ballads, collected outside the University, and Son of a former slave, Robeson activities workers have kept .^^^- holds degrees fi'om both Rutgers count of these contributions. and Columbia. After graduating Fund was organized to take/care from Rutgex-s, he played profes- the demands of various relief of* sional football for two years and ganizations since the war began, then studied; law at Columbia. He Letters have been distribute has appeared on the New York and among the students and facility con^
Second in,a new series of WBAA broadcasts sponsox’ed by the PIA will be heard tomorrow liight from 8 to 8:30, This week’s, “PIA Foi’iim” will consist of a round-table discussion of “The College Studeixts Part During the War” by Geox’ge Best, Sc. ’42; Florence Groll, HE' ’43; Elton Johnson, Gr.; Oscar Lappi, ME ’44, and Robert Reveal, Sc. ’42, all independent students in the Uni-
versity.
All Student Group Over a year ago, PIA presented a similar series of programs which featured ;faculty-studeiit discussion gx’oups. Although these broadcasts were very successful, it Was decided, after a canvass of student opinion, that an all student group would be more effective. Last week, the first group discussed “The War and Its Effect
cerning the drive and postelrs have been placed in caiiipus buildings to x’emind students. Coeds refteseUtk ing AWS have operated the table outside the Sweet Shop siface the
London stage in many dramas including “Emperor Jones,” “Show Boat” and “Othello.”
Started in 1925
Greenwich Village Theatre was
the scene of his first song recital in collection began Februaxfy 4.
1926. Since then he has tpured the United States and Europe and appeared in concerts in the Hollywood Bowl, Grant Park in Chicago and NewYork Lewisohn Stadium. Lawrence Brown, his accompanist and ari’anger, has been with Robeson since his first concert. He will also be assisted at the convocation by Clara Rockmore, therexninist. The thereniin is a new elec-
Foundation To Give Dance In Memoriaf Gym Saturday At 0
Following Saturday night’s convocation, the Purdue Christiati Foundation will sponsor a “Valen-
trically controlled instrument that tine Ball” at the Memorial Gymnnis played without the operator gium. Admission price will be fiftouehing it. teen cents; and the proceeds will be Admission to the convo will be used to purchase milk for a needy
by passport or season ticket. Single family.
general admission tickets will be
sold at the door for $1.10.
Johnny “Scat” Davis and his orchestra will play tomorrow night in the Union ballrooms for the annual Interfraternity Presidents’ Ball. Hours for the dance, as announced by Rex Mayfield, president of the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council, will be from 8:30 to 11:30. . In cooperation with the Student Senate’s recommendation, the ball committee has voted that iio corsages be worn at the
daiiCe, which is open to fraternity
Mrs. 0. G. Foster of Lafayette will provide special entei*tainment at the banquet scheduled for Tuesday by showing colored pictures and lecturing on “Gardens of the Carolinas.”
ulous cohorts, and that there can be' Iio peace with gangster.s nor business with racketeers who are bound to undermine everything that is sacred and noble in human conduct. In a statement issued yesterday, Dean Potter declared that un-dex-gx-aduates now in iinivei-sities
ses.” Only I’e-
qulremeiits for participants, who ai’e selected impartially, on the programs ax'c that they be an independent, student with somctliing to say and a strong desire to say it.
Entertainment will include squsxre dancing, which will be demonstrated by several members of the Foundation. Tickets may be obtained at any of the Fouixdations, at the dooy
. '. . . of the agronomy department, Saturday night, or from Ken Truax, attended a soybean confex-ence in Bob Uhl, Paul Busby or Paul CarUrbana, 111. last Tuesday. rington.
G. H. Cutler
Dr. E. C. Young
ninn and their dates only. Vocalist Gloria Van and saxophonist Tony Cabot, former Chicago band leader, ai-e featured With the organization. A native of Bi-uzil, Indiana, Davis began playing the trumpet at the age of six. His first attempt at “scat” singing came when he was with Jack O’Grady’s orchestra and “clowned” his fix’.st vocal effort because of a sudden attack of stage fright. • Since then he has played with Jimm.y Joy, Red Nichols, Will 0.sborne anil Fred Waring. While with Waring’s Pennsyl-
Advorlisiiiq Staff
Both cds and coeds . in6et in office at 4 today. Important.
... of the farm management department, will attend a committee meeting of the American Society of Farm Managers at the Morrison Hotel in Chicago on Saturday and Sunday.
WAA To Hold Bowling Callout This Afternoon
Professor C. G. Geltz To Leave For Army Officers School Soon
Women’s Athletic Association will hold a bowling callout at 4 p. m. today in the Memorial Gymnasium. According to Virginia Rapp, bowling chairman, three practices will be required and those with the^
vanians, Johnny worked in the film, highest practice scores will become “Vax’Sity Show” and was then members of the class teams. Five signed to a long term contract for girls will be chosen for each team Warner Brothers for whom he with two more as substitutes, iilayed in such films as “Brother The bowling tournament will beRat,” “Hollywood Hotel,” and “Gar- gin February 19 with the four den of the Moon.” class teams competing against each In Hollywood he formed his pres- other. All games played will earn cut band which has played in many five WAA points each for members prominent hotel.s and night-clubs' of the teams. The winning team throughout the country. will be awarded twenty points.
Px'of. C. G. Geltz of the forestry department, will enter the Cavalry Officers Training School at Fort Thomas, Ky., next Monday with the rank of first lieutenant. Geltz has been with the University since the fall of 1930, at which time he came with the rank of instructor. Since that time he has received his assistant professorship. He has taught courses hi silviculture and acted as the director of Forestry Camp sineb his arrival at the Univex’sity. He served in" the Cavalry during the first World War, and has kept his commission in the Reserves.
should stx'engthen their preparation in mathematics and science in ordex’ that they will be of the greatest value ill the present national emergency. Teacher Short^c Potter also stated that there is a great shortage of teachers capable of training the hundreds of thousands of radio operators and technicians, aircraft detection device operators, and other specialists in the fields of electrical engineering and ])hysics. He pointed out that of the 12,()()() engineers that will graduate this spring tlierc will be only 2,600 electricals and 500 physics majors. To solve this px-oblcm he suggested that high school science tcachei's should take advanced courses in order to prepare themselves to train people in their localities for tliese fields.
Carlos Merida’s Silk-Screen Paintings Depict Mexico’s Colorful Folk Costumes
By Jean Lauer
Lt. P. C, Clapp^
. Ag '36, fonnerly of New Albany, has been transferred to the Army Air Corps Advanced Flying School at Lubbock, Tex. Previously stationed at Brooks Field, he is now adjutant of the 83rd Air Base group at Lubbock.
Mexico’s wealth of folk costumes provides the material for gx'oup of Carlos Merida’s silk-screen paintings now oil exhibit on the second floor of the Applied Design Building. Seventeen prints and six originals are ineliuled in this exhibit, wliidx lias been loaned by Paul Theobald, Chicago art dealer, (Ind which will be on display for the vest of the month. / Contemporary Folk Costumes Merida has carefully selected the contemporary Mexican folk costumes in this exhibit and has noted every e,sscntial detail. He has In'oiight'out the subtle relationship between color and design, using well balanced colors and, in many instances, unusual color arrangement. Although he often uses very intense color, it is always clear and pleasing. In an introduction to this portfolio of prints, Rene D’Harnoncourt says, “Each illustration is a pone-
tx’ating visual analysis of the costume it portrays . . . for this brilliant, stimulating treatment of a hex'etofox'c. inadequately px-esented subject we must be extremely grateful.” I’rinting Process A most interesting part of the exhibit is the set of nine consecutive impressions, demonstrating the progressive stages in the printing of one plate. Silk-sereen printing is a stencil process in which a silk cloth, stretched over a wooden fx’ame, serves as a foundation on which to mount the various parts of the stencil design. The paint is tlieii placed upon this silk screen and pi'essed thx'ough wjth a roller device called a squeegee to the paper- or othei- surface to which the design is to be transferred. The designs for silk-screen printing must necessarily bo in fiat tones suitable for stenciling. Several colors mgy bo printed in the samq design, but, for the sake
of speed and economy, the desigh# should limit the colors to as few possible, as each color demands a separate stencil and separate handling. The process is fairly .simple and most effective in reproducing up to a few thousand impressions. . Reach Wide Audience Through this medium artists* hope to reach a wider poi*tion of tile people and to spread an appreciation and knowledge of ai’t principles. The relatively low cost of silk-screen printing will nxake tkis possible. In the past only wealthy people, collectors, and museums could afford oil paintings by good artists, while now the big buyings public will be able to afford fipA paintings. In these low cost silk-acriew prints the public will get the ad'vantages of original paintings, fOe the artist cuts the stencil and mixafl. tile color himself, even though fh® rest of the printing work is dppf by machine.
/
■I
aI I ' -
PtmMe Exponent
Thursday, February 12,, 1942 Vi: ' ' : r ,-t:'yi:;ialgfe
Monday 9,0b0;())[)0 Americans of fighting uiidel* the Selfective Training Ipl , Service Act, and Purdue men students Und faculty from 20 to 45 will trek to the Morl^n.j^'ade school building to fill out their registration cai'ds. Tuesday morning the Exponent carried the '^Ules fur the new registratioiVi and these will a^in be , printed on Saturday morning. We r^mmend that all students read these rules carefully, and have all questions that may arise answered now; don’t wait until Monday morning. Some may be answered Eriday morning when Prof. Hockema discusses the draft registration at the special convocation. Ohe tule that is worth careful attention is that titled “Place of Residence.” It states that ‘fi^artieular emphasis should be placed on the necessity Of obtaining the man’s place of res^ idence..;.. since this address will determine Dim local board having j urisdiction. . . RegiS--^rars should clearly understand that the reg-
istrant has the right to determine his ‘place of residence’.” This rule is of special significance since it means that each student has the choice of registering with either the local board or his home board. In many ways this is an important choice, and should not be decided by a mere flip of a coin. * For his own convenience we urge each student to refelsfer Mth the local draft >b0ard Monday, When: the question of deferment
11:00 11:15
9:^6
10:10
10:16
10:30
News .
The Curio Man Pi*&'s6hfs iiiSteh Whil6 You Work
News '
Federated: eiuhs Music j
Col. Turniel To
Tomohow Night At ^ Colonel Roscoe Turner.will speak on ‘/Aviation in Defense’Vat the monthly meeting of the Ceritral Indiana. Section (5f the American SC-
arises in the future, dealings v/ith the Ideal board can be carried on much easier than with boards at home. There would be no necessity 11.46
foFlettersi'long distance phohe calls, and trips ii:60 Pui'due News home; and infdirmatidn given difectlN to a li:56 News / board m m'ore effective than that handled by I2:00 Agricultural Forum
l6tter, T)hohe, or other 'mdanS of long distance communication.: Also;: most students ’^ill 'he seeking deferment oh the basis of training here, at the University, and'it must be remembered that it whs the Lafayette"board that issued the qualificatioriS for Purdue student
deferment;
■ ” "Jl^Ct3lj,''y jKOpOTT L is a first lieutenant with the , ^ ■ lean and S'Uiplhd' . ^corctog the rep^t of the fe: Student Health'Service the follow- ® ‘ hi ± ' ing'students Were admitted to,St. ported stationed at; FMt,|ta^ Elizabeth’s hospital' Monday, M. Eurg. te is serving -with the mh 9: G. W. Keller, freshman engi- Field AftlllWy; b'hf nd'^d^. ha'Sne'er; dean fii’dwne,Science’4’d. Acl- ^een received from'him since the mitted Tuesday, Feb.- 10: declaration of war.pn Japant—r
ciety of Mechankal Engi^^ to be
heldfonm^ow at 8 p. A ^ .41; Adffiffdd'tti Homdhosof the Indianapolis Athletic Club, T„„,;iT«hhkevt. thhn
Indianapolis.
"Colonel Turner is.a Beridix Tro-
pital Monday wei'e’^Robert Kahn, 'Chem. ’41; Barry E. Kendall, fresh-
Parent Teacher Association phy winner, and president, of the Music Koshbe Tui'hef Aerohautical'Cerp'd;
man engineer; H. M. Metz, E.^E. ’41 i-GehrgejStblhberg, Jraduate;;;'
Parties —
Our S^i^ifealty
ROME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
^hsL (hd&.
NlTinra-
-OAJIOI-
-3 Won
■; ' Since today is Lincoln’s Birthday, this column is 'pliepared to coriipave the Civil War with the present iJay fetid. Imagine—having a man. in the White House who hasn’t been getting his mail delivered there for the last ten years, and who didn’t have any 'soiis as captains in the army, arid who’s wife didn’t lower herself to our level—by writing a daily Column ( ?). Ole Abe must have had. a coriiparatively easy time—he didn’t stay up all night worrying about the 'Purdue coeds burning 28c worth of electricity on the week-ends. --a— : "~Of course A. Lincoln had his General McClellan, Roosevelt has McArthur; Abe had Jefferson Davis, Frank (he’s been around long enough for us to call him by his first name) has Adolph; Lincoln wanted to free the black race, FDR wants to free the black, yelioiv, and .w’hite races, and Abraham had an actor named Booth—Roosevelt is having about as much trouble with an actor named Douglas. People resent all these actors in the OCD—we pay a tax to see them
oh the screen then they sit down in Washington and eollbct it. —X— ■ ' During'the Civil War they had no autos and tires to ration, bUt if all we had Was horses—the government would take the shbes in'for sc'i'ap iron, arid the horses to make glue for the envelopes to the draftees; Speaking of dfaffeeg—it’s a Wonder the North woh the war:—without PEM12 classes! These t'vvo wai- Presidents had several features alike—they w'ere both kinda tall, Lineolh had'h’i heard about Eli Lilly and'hfg vitamin tablets—or the two men might have had about as much below the shoulders. Both have prbminent mole's^ on their faces, and if ole Abe had spent less time while riding worfirig about pigs stuck in the mud and rbrid the BurmaShave signs—-we could tell whether the two men look alike from their noses down. In politics these men had a lot in Common (maybe their home lives Weren’t exactly alike,’but they both learned to read—one in Harvard arid the other in Indiana—we mean the state not the U—the U had to stop teaching reading, too many flunked out). The great thing they had in comriion was^Lincolri was the one who began the Republican party—arid Roosevelt is the one who ended it!
Before Hutcheson finished his speech, more than 1,000 of the carpenters and their wives had walked
out on him.
• Phiiippine Comihissioner The Resident Commissioner of the Philippines, Who has a seat in the IJ. S. Congress and driaws $10,000 a year like other Congressiucri, is spending most of his time these
Merry-Go-Rouhd
(Continued from page 1)
more to spend they will be able to buy a larger share of available
goods than the others.
Leoh also contended that raisirig workers’ pay because an industry Wifs making big profits was not the Sound solution bf that problem: The
Way to deal with that, he told Roos- days trying to build up the moral<? dvelt, is either to put a fixed ceil- of his own people, on the other side ing on profits or to tax them to the of the world.
The HohoraMe Johciuih (Mike) Elizaldc was best known for his ihotor cars and hi's taste fori Spbrts wheri he came to Ayashingtoh in 1938. But how he is running an office in the Capitol, an office on Massachusetts Averiue, arid p6ppirig in and out of the House Ra-
dio Room every day.
Summer Work Cathegie-Illihois Steel Cbrpotatibri (U. S. Steel Corporation Subsidiary) is interested in Juniors for summer work. If interested, be sure to attend group meeting for juniors only in room 214 of the Mechanical Erigineering Building on Thursday* evening, Feb. 12, at 7:30.
12:16 12:46’ 12:6'5
1:00 1:16 i:30 1:46 1:56 2:00 2:15 2:30 2:45 2:65 3:00 3:16 3:30 3:55 4:00 4:15 4:30 4:46. 4:50 4:55 5:00 5:30 5:45 5:55 6:00 6:30 6:45 6:56 7:00 7:50 7:55 8:00 8:30 8:45 8:55 9:00
: 9:55 10:05
Meet the Band
Music
.News .
Parents’ Forum Souvenirs SCre’en Review
Markets
News
Story a Day • The Apothecaiy
. Millie
Treasure Chest
News Music
Afternoon Melodies : Musical Round-Up
News.
Tea Time Tunes ' ■ Heard in the Hallway
Music
The Curio Man
Music
News . . ' Just Relax Vespers ’ , Little Miss Mulfett. News . Dinner Hour Sports Review
Music News
“Urban Sociology’’ with Prof. T. K. Noss
Music News
Story Behind Music Mr. DeXteV—singer Eventide Echoes News . Musicaria
Nows
Off the Air, ,.
ratioh. His addresk will be pfb(igd|U by a dinrier at 6:30 p. m.. Charge for the dinner will be one dollar for. members ariid $1.60 fbr bthers. The meeting will be open to the public. Proi, L. E. riloffrhah . . . acting associate director '6f the Agricultural Extensioii,;:attbrided meetings of the U. S. Ilep^ri;nieht of Agriculture War fi&kfdi' in Wirinemac rind Huhtihgfcbri' this week. Today and tomorrow He will be attending a regional .forestry meeting'.-in Madison, Wis..-, C. Akitahdif' ■ . . . CE ’06, died Mondriy 'ri-t big' hbriie in Glen Ellyii, 111. A'lekahdei' was manager of production fbr'the Massey Concrete Product's Corpbrrition, and,had taken an active;prirt in alumni affairs, being a past president of the Pui'due Associatibn of
Chicago.
BEGINNER'S TAP CLASS FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN OPENS FRIDAY, FEB. 13th 7:00 P. M. YOU ’WILL FIND TAP DANCIN6 IS LOTS OF FUN, AND THIS COURSE WILL IMPROVE YOUR RHYTHM. PHONE 2150.
■ .J.;;,*. .'t-aldbvi^iyiiiiibia
GRECtING CARDS FOR All OCCASIONS
llniversily Book Store AcroBB From Union “Red” Siammons ’29 “Doo** £ppIo *40
bone.
• ' Repeal Lewis ' Another subject frankly discu.ssed was John L. Lewis. ' All hands present made no secret of their glee at the way the pbwerhu'ngry mirier chief’s scheme for a blitz peace had'bepn upset. The laborites told Roosevelt abtfnf Lewis’ newest activity, orgaiiiiiing dairy farme'r!5 as riteittbers of the United Mine AVorkers. They sriid it was now certain that Lewis had cooked up his peace .^hemfe im a 'secret deal with 'Wilftaifi Hutcheson, violently antiNew Deal head of the AFL car-
penters.
to Editor February 11,1942 Dear Mr. Editor:
As you may well recall, the annual Mother’s Day celebrations which are met with such wide acclaim by students and iriothers alike will this year come after the pres-
Elizalde iriakes a daily rocording seriior class, or at least a good
in the nature of a pep talk for the i);iajority of it, have graduated and
Philippine people, which is sent by the University,
airmail from Washington to Srin
Francisco. There it is turned over to the Donovan Office for an immediate short-wave broadcast to the
Far East.
Elizalde keeps hairim6ririg home
“Mr. President,” laughed R. J. the fact that, after nine weeks of Thomas; president of the powerful fighting, two-thirds of the PhilipGIO Auto AVorkers, “I think the pines remain unoccupied by the en-
time has come, when John L. Lewis is ripe for repeal.” ■ “I think you are right. Boh,” grinned Roosevelt, “and a motion to recommit him is in or-
der.”
- “If Lewis is going in for organizing farmers,” added Julius Emspack, secretary-treasurer of the CIO Electi-ieal and Radio AVorkei s, "we ought to turn him over to Ed O’Neil (head of the Farm Bureau Federation), I understand that Ed doesn’t like raider.s.’’ Note::—Last week, when Hutche-
emy. Note:—'The Elizalde family is one of the richest in the islands. AVhen Manila was bombarded the commissioner lost three blocks of .sugar warehouses in one day. • Meri'y-Go^ Round The Donovan Office is sending a series of “take-heart” short-wave broadcasts to the Genrian-do'minat-ed countries of Europe—including Italy . . . Senator Elbert Tholnas of Utah, who' has traveled in the Far East, is sponsoring a number of
AVhy could not the University officials through the aid of the Student War Council plan to move this annual celebration ahead to some weekend in Api-il which would allow the present senior class to enjby bn'e more such occasion. It seems to be the vogue in recent years to kick holidays around carelessly, so the moving ahead of Mother’s Day for the University would certainly be nothing new.
How about it?
Signed:
Phil Johnson ’42 Jini E. Wally'42 Jim Adams ’42
Flying Club
announces the election of of; ficCrs for the secori'd semester.''The
son addressed an anniversary meet- China . . . One is entitled “Victory ing of a big carpenter local iri Phil- for China,” and another “Japan vs.
adelpHiri, he was loudly booed when Japan.”
he made a pass at the President (Copyright, 1942, by United Fea-
peace scheme. tnre Syndicate, Inc.)
Donovan bi'badcasts to Japan arid following \vere ■ elected: Frank H.
Habicht, ME ’-12, president; Mau-
rice B. Sei’rihard, ME ’42, Vice president; Faith Wayne, Sci. ’43, secretary; William R. Crow, ME ’43,
treasurer.
PWldusL All-American 1940-'4l
and weekly during (he Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier fot scriptions, $1.00.
Bdltor-in-Cliief.. IS**:* Ldilur Sports Kditvr ...
..Ned A. Ochiltree ..John ,!>. Trnugptt Phil Johnson
Business Manager...... Managing JSdUot....,,.. Coed Editor
Congress October 3, rihridcmic year 50 prir yerir, mail siib-
Don S. Powers ......lasiand W, Rpffuer ...; Ruth Rose
Publication Staff Associate Editors ejitorlgl. titaff: J. E. Anw.^ J. 11. Armstrong. 1). T. Bropby, ft. !>. JJadley. I*. I. Jone.M. ]'X. (J. Kieper; HpiHn O. T. C\urk, J. D. Eraser, J. S. Kwijcr. Coed SUffi Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatflcld, Jane Kamsdell.
fiidsiiieiti StSfif Coed Business Manager: Ponha Sieaa; Office Manageri Lee IlOBBOUg. ... Local Advertising Managers: JC. K. Ojernre, R. E). Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. BCltr Accouiifd Manager: 'W, 1). Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean FranbcnbCrry, Franoda Lloyd, .Tulia Martin.
Phonel: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sporfs, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national, advertising by National Advertishig Service, Inc.. College Publishers ReproBentatlves, 420 Madison Ave., New York. N. Y.
Nigbt Editor: Boswinkie Bay Editor: Boynton
Staff For This Issue Issue Editor; Amos Workers: Slone. Ahrens, Smith, Parsgns, Wickard, Ochiltree. Schneider, Guernsey. Holfman. Eckstein, Brewer, Gwosbporls Editor: Clark how, DeMars, Sowards, Starr, Hunter.
^iiiiiiliiiiilliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiiiiiiiniiiil|iiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiliiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiniiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii|iiiiiiiin
More than ever.. . their leg-size fit is every woman’s heart’s desire Send-her a Valentine 'poem for her legs . . . our beautiful and exclusive, Belle-Sharmeer Stockings. Now, as always, they’re made in actual leg sizes... individually sized iri width as weir as in length so they flatter noticeably in every texture. And wear longer, too. In Brev for small legs, Modite for middling, Duchess ioi; tall, Classic for plump. All in Matchmaker Colors Belle-Slianuoer SlockingH in <dl le^ sizes $1,15 to $1.65 a pair
Main Struut
' h ^ 't j'ifi '.r-' ■A'
.0m h if
■|. ijSSt ,yeai‘ tliSfi-'^SSoriSl' GharifpliSriSfi^j)' Wi^c^nisift ie&iA set a new Big %n scoring rec^i;rf;ai 4l.fe :^'oirits j^ei' fame iJhotight they really had
^pmething.' Their Tvere pikers at this scoring business. Bour teams arfe ^.. . ; ■»» jnow■; aversf^h:^ direiT 'thii^ figuvddtie, IKe Boilei^ ThurScNfy, FeBl'Bi'aif'y 12> T942
i&a^ars foe of Saturday next, is holding up the amazing avefage of 47,1
lloihts per gaift'^. ' ' ■
ain’t all. Before this season there were only ;1!2 games with uf over 60 points. 'Most-of''these w6ffe' made by Purdue teams; '%lteia.dy'this year seven gaihes hi^hhf thau 60 have been recorded, and ijhiy one was by Purdu^. , ^ ^
Yduili^^V Per Game In boiilbf tlp'OhWdll Tdttht’S 103^ Shbifffit fdfeb'rd #buM fall
g i0?ybhr;- Miflfef^^ three frtbre games thah uSuat oh the schedule'. bwever, few cphtemplated that his per game average would be endan^ ' I'ered also. It may^ stand, but Only if 'Sbihbbne cools off Johnny Kotz. Th'e ' ;Badger fight hahded artist is now one point’ahead of Young’s 15.3
Page 3
Minni^otd
Avenge tartier Loss
Purdue ^Defense StiM Suprerror 'JPqr^o’s rfefehse is still the rage oil the Big Ten—averagl; 35:7'gomtS s3s the bnljr otheir team ifith less than a forty bppon-hjlt’lfa^^Sge-^bba'Stih^ 37.i?.' Chicago’s defensive average' if 59.2. ^ Herb’s,'^ interesting dnd r'athef sbidohs point. The'Bbilerihakers have foul Slibbtirig p’ere'ehtage in the le'ague, standing just h'.fifade hirer .600. That’s not so good.
Ss'fve'game of the season againSt Northwestern, jb|j|£^^S^e^^^nii§d^eanors. That’s good. ithf'hfa'btiee 'Ifsf evening was- rather encouraging, al-
tUC^%b^f^Mhif'-shireif Of'hine‘'Sfe 'Hoffman, Blanken, and Menke fe'‘ 'sihtjfeg^^ehi; ‘hicel^.'-'Bbh Ri'ley is regaining the drive and
^ jf the-way.
.. . clever Gopher guard, has done his part in replacing Don Carlson. Ajax who weighs about 170 and stands two inches over six febt, teams with Harold Thune at the
guard posts.
8 ^ 7vthiablb'f ,f
Ohio State S^dws Power
j '• Five members of the Ohio State teack team now hold the best Big Teh
; ^performances of the year recorded so far'. Gaptain Buft Antony holds
, lihe best time so far in the quarter mile with :50.9. Captain Antony is
igetting;drttb his.besjb form early this year, and will be heard from plenty SlomS DoltS Psl
I bfteh in^Bfg Te'h cii’cles this seasbh. S' I iThe.Ohib'State coach informed Coach Hermkn Phillips this week ; that he had a potential All-American broad jumper, sophomore Dallas Dtipre. He’s gone 24 feet 1% inches already, and is expected to be better
“Jesag Owen.^ He’ll be herb Saturday.
. . . tests in the 100-yard free style swimining race will be given in the Fieldhouse pool this afternpoh^at^idrlhs 'iis-w ■,
Be S-tlRE : it’s there by VALENTINES DAY
Beautiful Heart-Shaped Boxes of Schraft’s Candy! We Wrap — We Pack — We Ship — All you do is write her name on the shipping label. ORDER NOW!
Colorful Assortment of Valentine Cards for Evei*yonc •at-
PVBDUE BOOK S SUmniOfiE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Southworth’s
The fioilefhia’keT h'afdWobd squad, wMeh is now sharih'g' a fourth Biace tie in the Big Ten standing^ with the WisebBsin Badgers by virtue of their record bf five wins arid three Ibsses, will erigage the seebrid ptace Minnesota Gophers in the Northmen’s fieldhouse this Saturday evening in what should be a cfueiarcontes't in the conference race. * The Riveters will then return to the eanipus to play hosts to an invading Wisconsin quintet on the follbwin’g Monday night in a' game that marks the last ——— ' ’ home contest of the season for the ting the pace is Frosty Sprowl, Boilermakerb, arid maf possibly de- Sprowl, whose 46 field goals and termine whether or not they will 10 free throws puts him away ahead continue to rank well up in the first with 102 ppints in the eight games division. played to date. Few Boilermaker basketbalTfanS Captain Don Blanken is in secwill have forgotten the first meet- ond place ■with 69 points scored on ing between the Riveters and the 30 field goals, and nine charity tossMiniiesota team earlier in the sea- es, and closely following him is A1 son, on January 26 to be exact, in Menke,. whose 15 markers in the which the smooth parsing and phe- Northwestern tilt boosted his total nomenal shooting of the Gophers to 66 points, earned them a 46 to 39 triumph ov- . ^ , er a Boilermaker squad that jUst
couldn’t hit.
Gophers Ready Minnesota, one of the two teams in the Big Ten that didn’t see action last Monday night, should probably command a nod over the Boilermakers by virtue of their home floor advantage and a week to rest, but khbwirig the fight arid spirit iri our squad as we do, few Riveter fans doubt that the Gophers will not be in for an evening of basketball they won’t forget. Featuring yesterday’s practice was a full length scrimmage game
Intramural Potpourri
By Don Brewer
Table Tennis Finals
With two men already reaching the semi-finals of the AH-Campus Table Tennis tournament, four entries have thrown a cog in the wheels. Lloyd Holtzirian and Quentin File have advanced far in competition, wjiile a lone four hold up the show. Intramural athletic offi-
soon, but the foHowirig second rounds still remain unplayed: Gohen-Stecker and J. L. Nemeth-
Hustnear. -
between the varsity and a fresh'
man five composed .of players bor-, hoped to see competition end
rowed from Dutch Fehring’s yearling squad. Lambert made free use of his players by sybstituting frequently, and the combination of Sprowl and Conrad at forwards, Menke at center, and Blanken and Polk at guards still seems as the likely squad to start the game
agfiirist the Gophers. Sprowl Still Leads
Just released are the latest stand-
Indoor Meet Coming
Tentative dates have been set for the big 1942 Fraternity Indoor Trackmeet, with some of the organized teams already getting their entries into shape. Monday and Tuesday, Feb. 23-24, have been ris-
ings for individual scoring among signed for the event, which will inthe Boilermaker players. Still set- elude 12 athletic events; however
. . . Bill Lind is the heaviest man on the squad. “Big Bill” started most of the games as a sophomore last year and has played a tough Brand of ball this season. He is a tough offensive man and his height and weight make him one of the tougher rebound men of the conference. those two dates ai-e not definite. The Pi 'Kappa Phis, last year’s champs, are gunning for another title, with the Delts, the runner-ups, expecting more poWer this season. Battery Netirien Continue Elimination contests on military basketball competition have limited the field to seven batteries, the semi-final round being slated for Friday night. Battery B-1 drew a “bye” and advanced ahead of the other teams, E-1, B-1, A-2, F-l, A-3, S-4, and C-4 in the quarter finqls. From The Wastebasket 1 . ‘“Within the next two weekis” were the explanations of the Intramural Board in reference to the allstar awards'for the fraternity “A” competition. Clamoring are the Phi Delts, who, to refresh your minds (also the Sigma Chi’s), won the final game from the Sigs 27-8. In the organized rifle tournament, expected to be completed by the end of the week. Sigma Pi leads a host of other teams with a 561 score out of a possible 600 perfect card.
■' ■ By' eiiirt Gomes SattirdiSy; BofieiTrtakeT Ohi& riieet. Tho the Fieldhduse o’clock in the possibly a lot of weight tow^d the next Big Tea ehaihio^ ship being expended. This meet will be a s&tt. a play-off of the RdifeiSSikM Ruckeye contests forfhe of the season sofar. l^ie'RiBie^ eyes won the first round whdft took ns across on the gridfrott Jfcst fall; we've Split even dit twa ketball grimes; and last the Riveter wrestlei's ilr^tieSlly whitewashed the grapplers Ohio State to tie records upf but back to the track meet. Bucks Raittble Spartans Ohio State, no dotitbt afedrit Mly fiSs one of the finest ttack terim^ hi thd Midwest, arid have festaWibtieif'/a very impriessive reeolrd Witftr'itSife score of their meet irith State last Week. The Bucks' ddwn^d the Spartans rather emphatieidRF, 75 to 34. Last Saturday the Brntermakers also opened their track season with a; 64 to 4h wi® over the Maroons from the Windy City. V Outstanding events. Close r^^ and walkaways will all have a ]^ed in the meet Satui'day; and ittpre than one record has, a I’ightte feei skittish. Bob Wright, Ohio’s junior hurdler has been called By Oodeh Phillips, Riveter track mentori best hurdler in the worldj rind'^he holds the national eollegiato- Bigli and low hurdle championships jo give him confidence. Art* EdWards^ Boilermaker pole vaulter haS:?lSs sights set for a new high; arid Anthony, captain of the Boilemmker contingent, eame one tenth «£:• a second from the Riveter record-rin the 440 at Chicago last Sriturday, and isn’t in the least satisfi^ With himself being one tenth of a second aw^y. Don Kemp may set a new 880 mark. Some “Best Performances” Along with the terrific sco^ against Michigan State lasti'w^ek, the Buckeyes set a few BeSt records in the conference for the season so far, airiohg thent are the t,6 second 75 yard dash by Ralph'Hardj mond; ri 46 ft. 11 in.*'shot'pUfeBy George Simmoris, (Ge6r^, We^fiS the sum total of 165 iri his Blinds by the way) and a 24' ft. 1% hirik broridjump done by DupreOj ti neW comer on the Buckeye squad.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS .... 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
Plays DouMeKeiidir
A strong Riveter sgrtash; teani will be looking for its' sixth dild seventh conseciitive victoried' weekend. The Boilermakers it Louisville, Eehtucky to* play jssB matches Saturday. The Peitdehiili Club and the Winn-Stay club, both bf \vhom are composed of fbrnStlji Riveter players, will furnish the op)* posttibtt;'^ - -- .;3;i
The Best Is None Too tiood Our Patrons
Caterers to Campus Organizations
FRESHEN UP WITH fiiLLED Neckwear JABOTS! DICKIES! COLLARS-CUFFS
1
Dainty accents for all your
dresses — fresh new neck-
wearl Choose net or lace $1.00
edged organdies, jabots,
square collars, daring vs, dickies^ many with match-
ing cuffsl White pr spun tO $1.98 1 sugar pastelseasy, as a | song to keep dew-y freshl |
Accessory Shop j Street Floor Front |
I^ovely
. . . can stay lovely for many wearings itf send them to a ..dependable cleaners. The big dances are coming soon. Be ready for many glamorous evenings.
LOW PRICES
Norlhweslerii at Vine
Phene 4091
‘ it ’ll - ' 4 wUniversity lEalendar
Bentoii Will Mili^ss Thomas Say Society Tonight At 7:30 P. M.
Wesley Foundatloii: .Dan Cuitid’s Hospital
pai'ty, Krlday, Fob. 13, at 8 p.m. at the foundation. Admission 2(lc. —GILBERT ...
Aeromddclers: TKoro wili be imboff
tout, mectinK at ,7 !30 p.m. in raobti 80;of-
thc Uhioh today. Plcnse attend.
—VELKpi^^,
Member.*? of Thomas Say Ento- Rogrer Williams Club: Please htilc the
molo-gical Society will attend tl^eir J{;.®k" monthly, meeting in Agricultural hour.
Reiittier Ciuhi* Histhiy Impbitaiit meeting at T:db p.m. TU(6sdayi .Feb. 17 in rooib 2C3
of the Hnlon. Please be there. ■ KUFFNER
History, Hcoiiontics, ntTnl '
Makc'Utiti i Exttmftiailon for ™
6, social hour; 6:30, diseii'ssion
( —ARTMAN
r ^ohioryow .JeveppiigA-^yie Boilerinfiker wresitling teaDi will meet the iflOosicrs of Ihdiaha at the Fieldiibjisc at 7:30:' The Riveters will be staving to keep their record immaculate and at the same time have fhc pleasure of « victory over the t^ys from Bloomington, rwrcll Leads I.E. • The Hoosiers will bring a strong team he.i’e to oppose the local forces ; tRcy have. three wins in four attempts this season. They have lost pne match to Kansas so they too are vladcfcatfed in the conference. Outk^nding on the Hoosier team is FbtTcll a two time national A.A.U. cliiimpion in the 118 pound class. In tfits nicet he will wrestle against ■i^Ckey. • MacDonald in the 121 pound class. . ^Trester in’thc 176 pound class for Hoosiots is One of the he.st men iii> the. middle West in his weight ^ass. Another top flight performer for. the visitors is O’Brodovich, one of the ranking'favorites for the conferente .136 pound wrestling title. IJe .lviil be pitted against Mark Mafoyipa. .who has done very well for tbh Riveters in this his first year pf conference competition. LilnCup Not Certain \ Coach Claude Reeck is not certain df'his” starting lineup at this time. The complete list will not be availaijlc until after the workout to.ijlght because the competition in Several of the weight classes is . keOn. and Coach Reeck wants to put i}i the bcsLiifcn in each weight class. % Captain . Casey Fi-edcricks will load a team that will be seeking to .Wipe out last year’s loss to Indiana. |n ’*<’’iew of the fine showing of the ^bam ibis' season a victory for the •RoJlermakers is more than, likely, but the team is not overconfident because it knows that it has a hard li^ht ahead. ■Tentative; Lineup 1 The tentative lineup for the RivOtOfs for Friday night’s fi'acas is as follows:T2l. MacDonald; 128, bapt. 'Ff^Orieks; . 136, Matovina; 146, .Riitt or Gregory; 166, Paratore or •Ri’itt; 165, Davis or Claseman; 175, ^viSton; heavyweight, Riigieri or -ttossi. .
IM Schedules
Thursday, February 12 Abraham Lincoln’s Birthday * • 3:00 P.M.—Screen Review Hail of Music 6:46 P.M.—Winter Cour.se Society Assembly Rin., Ag Hall 7:00 P.M.—Animal Science ForUm ........Union Building •<' : 7:J6 P.M.—Riding Club Room 306, Union 7:30 P.M.—Camera Club Room 304, Union 7:30 P.M.—Christian Student Fellowship .....Room 307, Union 7:30 P.M.—Entomology Society! Meeting .. ... Room 103, Ag Hall 7:30 P.M.—Group Meeting for Ji’s. '— Carnegie-Ill. Steel Gorp...Room 214, ME Bldg.
: I . ■
Personnel Notes Hoof And Horn
To Give Annual
Hall tonight at 7:30.
Representing: the ;U. S. Department of Agriculture, Curtis Benton and Delmar LahUe will discuss “Methods of Insect Survey.” Their miles will concern chinch bug survey and Hessian fig survey. The entomologists serve bn the Bureau of Entomology and Plant Quarantine.
Notibes
7 !l.5 .
f :00 '.S.JlG
.Cnuft
TjOft 7-lo S-ftU
•^ourt
7:60 ‘7 !l5 ■s:06 T:lfi
BASKETBALL Thursdilj', Februarj 12
Beta Sigma Pni vs. Sigma Clii Beta Theta Pi vs Sigma Nil Delta Chi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Signta Pi vs Delta Tau Delta Barnard
'.2 .;
Delta Upsilon vs Tau Pbi.silon Phi Kappa Delta Rho vs Tau Kappa
Epsilon
Kappa Sigma v.s Theta Chi toinbda.Chi Aiplia .vs Theta Tau
Raff9rty :>*■' , ; '
Phi' Delta Theta vs Theta Xi
■Phi Gamma. Delta vs Phi Kappa Psi
Triajiafle, vs Phi Kappa
Phi Kajipa Tau vs Alpha Chi Rho
Kepher
^ro/. F. /?. Marte// V ... hbgd of,,the:forestry departnient, will, speak Slaiturday to the .Northern iridiUna Biology Teachers -Association on the subject of “Con■gcn'ation and Con.servation Teaching In Indiana.”
Cldssifitd Ads
; Typewriter*—Adding Machines, all make* ♦old, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimedgraph work done. C. .1. Ehershoff, 605 Main, LataJClte. Phone 2770. , Last: Friday, brown fountain pen. Par,kcr “51” at or near Home Ec Building. Call tiSO. Reward.
If any'senior is interested in an
interview with any of the following companies, complete one of the ycl•low “Request for Interviety” cards, a supply of which is in your school oflicc. You will be notified by card from the Personnel office wiien to
schedule for an intci’view. Dravo Corporation, Pittsburgh,
Pa.—-Feb. 18. M.E., C.E., E.E:. Ch.E., Met. E., and P.S.E. Also juniors in these schools for summer
work.
Harnischfegcr Corp., Milwaukee Wis.—March 9. National Supply Co.; Pittsbuigh, Pa.—Feb. 20. M.E., Ch.E., Met. E., P.S.E. and T. and I.E. USHCO Mfg. Co., Inc., Frankfort, Ind.^—March 2'. Babcock & Wilcox Co., Barberton, Ohio—Feb. 16. E.E. and G.E.’s for production work and Ch.E.’s for laboratory work. Kellogg Company, Battle Creek, Mich. — Feb. 23. M.E. and E.E. Corning Glass Works, Charleroi, Pa.—Feb. 27. M.E., Ch.E., E.E., B.S. and Ph.D. in Chemistry, and Ph.D,. Physicists. Philco Radio _ Telivisioii Corp. (A division of Philco Corp.) Philadelphia.—E.E.’s. Si.gn in school office by 3 p.m. Feb. 11. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., Actuarial Division, New York, N.Y. —Undergraduate men for summer work, especially those with a major in mathematics. Anj'one interested, please come to the Personnel Office and sign up. The Elliott Company, Cincinnati, Ohio—Feb. 18. ME and EE. U. S. Marine Corps, Central Recruiting Division, Indianapoli.s, Ind" —Feb. 13 & 14. Anyone interested, please sign in the Personnel office before 11 a.m. Feb. 12. • Aircraft Radio Laboratory, Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio. FcbI'uary 12 and 13. E.E. only. Eli Lilly & Co., Indianapolis, Ind. —Coming soon. Pharmacists, Chemists, Chemical Engineers, and Sci-
ence.
Rohm & Hass Co., Bridesburg, Philadelphia, Pa.—Coming soon. M.E., Ch.E., Chemists. Please sign on sheet in your schoor office before 11 a.m. Saturday, Feb. 14. American Can Co., Maywood, 111. —Feb. 13. Ch.E. interested in industrial research. Come to Personnel Office to sign up. ' Detroit Edison Co., Detroit, MichFeb. 24. .Juniors for summer work. Sign up in the Personnel Office. Standard Oil of Indiana, Chicago. 111.—Feb. 18. Ph.D., M.S., B.S., Chemistry B.S., M.S. in Chemical Engineering. B.S., M.S., Ph.D. Physicists.
I Dr. A. M. Irion i I — DENTIST— I p U 9 Vi Northwestern Ave. s I Phone 4965 | filllllllllllllllllllll.lll|||l|ll||||||||||HI|HI||HI||||H|||||||j|
English Make Up Esnihs: Examinations to remove C’s nnd' l’sMh English .will be given Saturday afternoon, Feb. 21, in room 101 of the Education building. Every student removing a C must .liave a removal'
All Homo Economics Students: You arc I'equestcd to attend an open mooting Monday, Feb. 16, at 4 p.m. In the home economics auditorium. Prof. Muriel McFarland will speak on facts vital to all home economics students nt the present time. —VIRGINIA C. MEREDITH CLUB Tan Beta Pi Interviewers: Meeting today at 7 :80 p.m. in Union room 255. ■ , 'S--MUNaBB;;: . WAA Council: Meeting Thufaiiay,' Feb. 12, nt 4:45 in the Womfcn’a Oyfitl.
—PIDGEON
Outing Club: Hike Sunday, Feb. 15. Meet at Armory at 2:30 p.m. Call Botty Calbrnith, 66422 or Gail Hctinis, 2007,'for reservations before Friday noon, F'eh. 13;
—buergler
Cli E 34 Students: Make-up for removal of C grades in Ch. E. 31 will be held in room 106., Chem. and Met. Buijdingi TKufs-. day, Feb. 12, at 4 p.m. / ' —'^LOVELL
1. New Freshman Students: Y6u may obtain ?iFro3hmnn Haflulhooks fepnri, 4 to 6 p.m. any day tit the Actiyitics Bureau Oftlce.
--MtsKIRNAN ■
Union Show Cast Members: Ail people who were In the last Union Show. 'That's : Life,” may call for their keys. Thursday, Feb. 1'2 at 4 p.m. in the Student Union Ogice. —KNIGHT Exponent Freshmen: See notice posted on bulletin board as soon as possible.
(ll.t)ons arid iiicbmpictes lit oniies and. GdVcrrimdnl 'Wlll' hi! day, Feb; 14, at;i:.3lhtn.!'ln'Hodij( 118; Recitatiori Buildlrig. . AppHeatlhii.’aho’
p.m. any made before Friday',;Feb. 18. • ' : •
possible.
-XUFFNER
Phi Lambda Upsllqnt Bhort;, hui'’Itpijorv tant business meeting ! Thursday,'iFieb'. '12, at 4 p.m. in room 320 of the Ohemistiy; Building. -^BBANNEft'; j ME 30 MakfriUp. ExatnirittHOtis to remove C and 1 grades Jn ME' 80 tVllI .bh giycn Saturday, March 14 ilt 1 p.riiv iiijroohi lOi of the Me building. Please ,tihilfyj.TOd if lirtorcstcd. :-r-qSiaE)R. .
GIVE JEWELRY No matter for whom or what the occa-'^ 81011, jewelry is always a suitajble gift.
Play Tuesday
_.ii ^
Kidinff Club: Important meeting of both,
. . old ami now mombors on Tluirydny. lj'’ob. 12' of-condition card. Applienttona Bhould loavt’ at’7:15 'p,m. In room 306 of the XJiuon, tlioir namca at tho EnjjJish ofricc, room 108 All tho.ao who sig;nod for .tickote or .^ish of University Hall, by Friday, Fcb.^0. to. purchase them please brinfe ntpney, Of-
—CHEEK ficer.s .will be o.lcctcd. • -r-I^ROWN ,
Jewelers
419 Main Si.
Since
“Knighting of Sirloin,
cant staged each year by Hoof and Horn, honorary animal husbandry society iii the School of Agriculture, will be staged art a banquet to be held Tuesday evening in the
Home Economics cafeteria.
For several years Hoqf and Horn mlembers, their actors garbed in the costumes of English royalty of the seventeenth century, reproduce tlie exercises. At one time the English ruler actually made a knight of the loin of beef, calling it “Sir Loin.”
■•'.PIA'independeni Bowling Captain.,: Meeting for all captains of howling ^ams this pRg- fiftornooii at 4 p.m* ip' the PTA ofticc, Yoom 8l2 of thi Union buildinp:. — KILLlGIlEW
Thomas Say Entomoloffical Society: Will hold meeting today at 7:30 p.m. in Ag:ricultural Hall. —ClyARK Glider Club: Mcctinir today at 7:80 p.m, in room 212 of the Union. —CAFFEE
G0OD PRINTING
■ at,
PAINLESS PRlCEi Mor*'style far Ldis Meney Karie's Print Shop
401 $. 29lh St.
Phene $20$
EDGERTON HDWE.,INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
\\
Service that Saves”— Service that Satisfies”— Crown Cleaning Service saves your elolhes— Improves your appearanec. Get the habit of having— YOUR CLOTHES CROWIS CLEANED REGULARLY
©doisnii LnyiiosiY
• Blithe as a Breeze ... woodsy and delightful. Delicioua anywhere, hut especially popular for furs. SheTlfind it aiinply irresistible! In a stunning handclasp fiacon. $1.25, $5.00 and $12.50 plus tax
DECKER’S INC
518-20 Main ... Phono 5086
/I 1 LAST MIIVUTE nuiiiinder!
• Have you forgotten anyone? IF SO ... • There is still time to get your VALENTINES in the mail. / 1 • You will find a COMPLETE ASSORTMENT at THE FOSTER SHOP 109 N. 4th St. Branch Service 411 State—West Lafayette
J*\
•1
f ■ I
u ' $
7::\.