% “V,
''41
Let’s Show The Team
... at the pep session tonight (parade starts from the Union at 7 o^clock) that win or lose
We’re Behind Them
Purdue
Z-115
Volume 51. No. 52
Exponent
Co-ed Edition
Thursday. November 9, 1939
Co-eds Will Reign At 2nd Dance Tomorrow Night Harvest Hop To Replace Masked Ball With Confetti, Cornstalks, Informality Co-eds and their dates will swing out to the music of Irvan Maury and his band tomorrow, from nine to midnight at the WAA Harvest Hop given in the Memorial Union ballroom. The dance is the second co-ed bid dance of the year, and is being given in place of the Masked Ball, also sponsored by the Women’g Athletic Association, which has been held for the two
proceeding years.
An autumn atmosphere will be created by the backdrop which will have a boy and girl sitting on a fence under a harvest moon Jlainted on it and by the bandstands which will be decorated with pumpkins. Cornstalks, leaves, and branches will be used as wall decorations and confetti and streamers will be handed to couples at the door to add to the festivity. As the dance is very informal girls will wear* street dresses or sweaters and skirts, and boys will wear sport clothes. Tickei|;s On Sale Now Tickets for the hop may be purchased at any of the sorority houses and residence halls, at the women’s gym, and from 4 to 5:30 o’clock in the afternoon at the ticket stand outside the Sweet Shop. Bette Smith, social chairman for WAA, is in charge of general arrangements for the dance. Other committee chairmen are Dorothy Holden, invitations; Jane Fishleigh, tickets; Leona Mermelstien, posters; and June Spry, publicity. Applied Design Art Exhibit Of Pictures To Close Saturday On Saturday, November 11, the applied design department of the school of home economics will close its exhibit of pictures which can be rented by students. Prof. Laurentza P. Schantz-Han-sen, head of this art department, has personally selected each of these pictures from the art exhibits at both World’s Fairs. Those chosen have been on display in the Home Economics building number
two.
Students will file their picture preferences in the applied design office on the second floor after seeing the exhibit. The rental price is one dollar a semester or $1.60 for the remainder of the school year. The renter will be permitted to buy his picture at the end of the year. Prices will range from $8.60 to $20. If enough interest is shown in this project, it will be repeated next
year.
Military Ball Progresses From Informal Hop To Formal Affair In 27 Year History
By Ruth Rose
From an informal “Cadet Hop” to a strictly formal dance is the history of the Military Ball since its beginning in 1912. Plans were first made for a military dance in 1910, but due to lack of interest on the part of underclassmen in the cadet corps, the idea was dropped. ’ The anti-social feeling evidently disappeared during the next year, for a crowd of 300 dancers was present at the affair in 1912. At this time the dance was known as the “Cadet Hop.” According to the rules made by the committee in charge, all the men attending wore uniforms. If they weren’t enrolled in military training, arrangements were made for them to borrow uni-
forms.
Music was furnished by the University band, and such catchy tunes as “Pansies Mean Thoughts and Thoughts Mean You” and “Oh You Beautiful Doll” were featured. Illini Corps Here In ’13 At the “hop” the following year the cadet corps from Illinois Uni-
versity were guests. They were in town for the Purdue-Hlinois football game staged the next afternoon. In 1913 the proceeds of the dance were used to send the band to the Indiana-Purdue game. This was evidently their reward for furnishing the music for the dance. Music by Freeberg’s six-piece banjo orchestra was an added attraction at the dance in 1916. At the first ball held after the armistice, a squad of ex-service men entertained the dancers with a machine gun drill. All the war heroes could be recognized by their distin-
guished service medals.
School spirit triumphed at the dance in 1923. In that year the dancers filed out of the gymnasium and had a five-minute pep session. This was in preparation for the
football game the next day.
It was in 1026 that the dance assumed its present formal atmosphere and was given the title o^
“Military Ball.”
2,000 Students, Townspeople Hear Piano Team Give Third Convocation
Dean To Speak At Armistice Dinner Tomorrow Night Dr. Harold S. Bender, dean of Goshen College, Goshen, will speak at the annual Armistice Eve banquet at the West Lafayette Methodist Church tomorrow night at 6 o’clock. The program is sponsored by the Purdue Peace Fellowship. Dr. Bender is a graduate of the Harvard Theological Seminary, and received his doctor’s degree at Heidelburg University in Germany. He is chairman of Mennonite Church Peace Board, and has traveled through Europe and South America during the past three years, conducting the Mennonite resettlement plan for refugees. Although the present foreign situation has greatly increased the Peace Fellowship’s activities, the Armistice Eve banquet is one of its major functions. Tickets for the banquet may be obtained for 40 cents from the Union desk or froiq any of the student pastors. Annual Hort Show Opens Tomorrow student committees will present the 19th annual University horticultural show tomorrow at 1 p. m. in the Horticultural building and greenhouses. The featured display will be one showing numerous varities of chrysanthemums; there will be other exhibits of fruits, vegetables, nuts, and representations of the various phases of horticultural work. A loving cup will be offered for the best exhibit in the special student class, and jother awards will be given to the competitive classes of commercial and amateur growers. The show will continue through Monday afternoon, November 13, when the exhibits will then be placed on sale.
Jitferbugging, Food Crosby Really Rate With Guest Pianists Think Co-eds Lucky With So Many Men By Maeta Kaplan Over scrambled eggs on toast and tea, Vitya Vronsky enthusiastically admitted that she liked jitterbugging. But Victor Babin looked up from his ham and egg sandwich to say that jitterbugging was all right, but he personally liked chess. “My husband doesn’t dance,” remarked Vronsky, who is really Mrs. Babin. ■" Although the artists ate light suppers, both admitted their liking for food. “We like Russian food best,” remarked Vronsky. “But if we can’t get Russian food, we like any good food,” added Babin. One of their favorite Russian foods is borskt, a soup made from beets, cabbage, and boiled potatoes. It is served cold with sour cream. Borskt must be red to be authentic. Graceful Hands The most outstanding things about both\ Vronsky and Babin were their graceful hands and charming manner. Both have black hair and dark eyes. This IS the third tour that the two-piano team has made through America. They spent last summer in New Mexico, where Vronsky first learned to jitterbug. She thinks jitterbugging is wonderful, “it is so slimming.” Both have studied music all their lives, and almost everywhere. “You never really stop studying,” they explained. Born In Kiev, Moscow Vitya Vronsky was born in Kiev, Victor Babin in Moscow. They met in Berlin and were married. They merged not only lives, but also careers forming a two-piano team. They played on Bing Crosby’s hour last year and found him very charming. They especially liked the informality of Bing’s program. Although they like radio, they prefer visible audiences. Mr. and Mrs. Babin were very interested in Purdue and asked about the campus and the new Music Hall. Vronsky thinks the co-eds here on campus should have a good time because there are so many more men than co-eds. Although they met in Germany, “they haven’t been back since B. A. (before Adolph).” They will remain in America until at le^st April touring the continent. * Modern Dance Group Will Organize Today Organization meeting for a junior modern dance club will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the hygiene lecture room of the women’s gym. All girls who have attended the modem dance classes, meeting Tuesday and Thursday, and are interested in forming the club, are urged to be at this meeting. The plans for the afternoon will include election of officers and making of plans for the activities for the rest of the year. The girls in this club are beginners in modern dance. When a girl in the club shows enough ability she will be advanced to the senior dance club. Tomorrow ... is the last day to get a four dollar Debris. After 4 o’clock the price will go up 60 cents.
Again Tonight
. . . Vronsky-Babin will present a program similar to last night’s when they play for freshmen and seniors in Memorial Gymnasium at 8 o’clock.
Religious Week Speakers To Occupy Pulpits Sunday Activities of Religious Emphasis Week, which will be observed on the campus starting Saturday and continuing until Friday, November 17, will begin with a retreat on Saturday afternoon by the Committee of 100 and the visiting leaders. On Sunday morning the speakers who have been secured for the week’s program will occupy pulpits at the local churches for the morning services.
During the week, seminars will be held every afternoon from 4 until 6 o’clock. Various speakers who are specialists in certain fields will lead the discussions. The seminars deal with topics relating to marriage problems, character, and personality, Christianity and economic problems, higher education, science and religion. Convocations Each Evening Convocations will be held each evening at 7:30 In Fowler Hall, where there will be an opportunity for questions following each convocation. Speakers for these services will be Arthur H. Compton, A. J. Muste, Paul Harris, Jr., W. M. Tippy, Jacob Weinstein, and Shelby Rooks. Religious Emphasis Week is being sponsored by the University Religious Coimcil with the cooperation of the Federal Council of Churches to stimulate interest in religious affairs. Committee Of 100 In Charge Arrangements are in charge of the Committee of 100, headed by C. S. Doan, professor in the mathematics department, and composed of student and faculty members who are interested in religious affairs. Among the outstanding speakers are Miss Muriel Lester, international secretary of the Fellowship of Reconciliation, and Dr. Arthur H. Compton, professor of physics at the University of Chicago. Miss Lester was the founder of the East London settlement house and is known as the Jane Adams of London. Dr. Compton is a Nobel Prize winner of 1927.
Union Schedules Tryouts For Annual Show Today At 4 Students interested in trying out for the Union show, which will be held December 9 in the Union ballroom, will meet today at 4 o’clock in the reception room of the Union. The show will climax Union Week, the 12th anniversary of the Union. The committee in charge has announced that they will not hold the final tryouts at this meeting. Stage hands, electricians, make-up artists, and property men, as well as anyone who can sing, dance, or tell jokes are invited to attend this important meeting. The theme of the show has not been decided as the committee is waiting to see the talent available for the event. The show will not be a blackface affair as it has been in previous years. The committee in charge consists of Ruth Bennett, Marjorie Seibert, Bill Woods, and Bill Huls.
100 Telephone
... ovmers and operators met yesterday here for the annual telephone conference. Dave Miller, ME *88» was in charge of the meeting.
Classical Program Includes Original Etude No. 3 By Babin Recepi'ion Will Follow Performance Tonight By Louise Stiers To an audience of approximately two thousand students and townspeople, the music of Vitya Vronsky and Victor Babin, intemationally-famous Russian duo piano team, flowed through the ether at the third convocation of the 1939-40 season last night. The splendid unison and co-ordination which marked the work of these artists was thrilling to watch and easily swept the audience along the waves of melody produced. The couple was the first to use the two new companion Steinway pianos which have been purchased by the University. Most popular numbers on the carefully-chosen classical program were Bach’s “Sonata in C,” Rachmaninoff’s “Fantasia,” Milhaud’s “Scaramouche,” and Arensky’s “Waltz.” An original opus of Babin, “Etude No. 3,” was well received by the audience as also was his interpretatiifti of Strauss’ “Rosenkavalier Waltz.” Several Encores Several encores, including Brahm’s “Waltz,” “Flight of the Bumble Bee,” “Dance of Spring” and Rachmaninoff’s “Breath of Spring,” were played. R. B. Stewart, University controller, last night declared the pianists to be “the most marvelous duopiano team on the Purdue platform for years; every student should hear them.” Following tonight’s performance there will be a reception in the Memorial Union building for'the pianists. The reception will be given by the Student Union. Lab Group Will Stage Plays Friday Night Tomorrow at 8 o’clock Playshop’s Laboratory Theater will present two experimental pla3ra in Fowler Hall. The productions are under the direction of Charles Hart An audience of invited faculty members, sorority and fraternity presidents, and members of the little Theater of Lafayette will attend the performance. Phi Beta Kappa National Inspedor Here For Dinner Members of Phi Beta Kappa, national scholastic fraternity, and their wives will be present at a dinner to be given tonight at 6:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union to honor Dr. Preston Slosson of the University of Michigan. Dr. Slosson is inspector for Phi Beta Kappa, and his purpose in coming to Purdue is to determine if the University is qualified for the founding of a chapter on the campus. Miss Elsie Glasgow ... assistant state leader in home demonstration work on the extension staff of the University, will speak on her work before the freshman survey classes today at 11 a. m. in room 201 of the Education building. Anyone interested is welcome to attend."■J ? n
ifiie >fe-^ „■ ~~
i
'-J' I" K
V
♦- r‘
THE puRDtiE Exponent
Thursday. November 9, 1939
Jjumhf, JoUl Already This Semester ... three cases of student dishonesty have been uncovered and the offender given a “D” in the course. This was the minimum penalty that could be levied. It is our opinion that the majority of students fail to realize the seriousness of the crime. Merely taking the course over does not clear the student in any way from the permanent blemish which he has placed upon his record. Whenever a “D” is incurred in this manner, a notation is placed along beside it stating the reason for the grade. This notation is never removed and is open to inspection by prospective employers, relatives, and anyone having a legitimate reason to inspect it. Removing the “D” does not wipe the slate clean in any manner. Thus, it can be seen that a seemingly unimportant wandering of the eye during an examination may easily destroy our hopes for a job upon graduation. We realize, however, that many cases of dishonesty are just as much the fault of the faculty as the student. Mankind realizes that there must naturally be a definite cause for everything. If there is student dishonesty in a university, there must be a definite cause for it. What is there about the subject matter or instruction in the course that causes the student to resort to cheating? To the end that these causes be uncovered and investigated, the Exponent has adopted as Point No. 3 of its platform: Remove Causes of student Dishonesty.—R. E. I.
Purdue Exponent
Entered aa second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of CongrresB of March 8, 187d, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $8 00 per year, mail subscription $8 60
Editorial Board
R. E Insley W E Smith
Co ed Editor
Editor-in-chief Business Manager
Co-ed Staff
Georgann Schilling Junior Editors Maiy Burtsfleld, Georgia Carroll, Beth Simpson Sophomore Assistants Regina Baker, Ruth Rose, Maeta Kaplan Mary Kay Miller, Tad Stiers, Marguerite Funkhouser, Florence Justin, Marjone Couter, Laura Betty Gregory Helen Stallings, Nan Dennis, Mary Bailey, Donna Siess, Jean Ann McClintook, Pat Flint, Phyllis Smith, Erma Irwin
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPRESKNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representatsve 420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHICAGO • BOGTOR > LOS ANGELES • SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director
Night Editor
J H. McKee
Thursday, November 9, 1939
But Incidentally— By Sonya We’re having a last fling before we have to letue to our hermitage—or hermitessage—to really get down and work foi the rest of the semester. We’ve had our warmng. It was yellow.
Campus life is a wonderful thing . . . always changing. Considering the number of people deserting to Northwestern for Saturday, it will be a far cry from the horde here last week end. At least there will be room to spare for the ones staying here. You know, plenty of beds-with-no-alums, and floor-space-under-tables, and stuff. >*5 Speaking of people leaving the campus, has anyone missed the seniors yet ? * % He Just to be starting a campaign, we’d like to have a revival of the chain-letter gag It’s really only a means to get some more mail, or perhaps just some mail, to
LU^
-TODAY - FRI. - SAT.-
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
Hopalong Crosses Guns with the Terroi of the Pampas^
He brings gooc old Bar-20 justice to strange killers in a strange land Thundering thrills ...roaring actioni
UkW Of THE mmpas WILLIAM BOYD SIDNEY TOLER STEFFI DUNA PLUS—-2nd Feature HIS S'®" OR KIUL HEAI-*** —
TODAY-FRIDAY MADS
THERE’LL BE MUSIC IN YOUR HEART as you thrill to this HUMAN drama of hoys and girls!
oF Music .a, TSIl . ■its** _Xv ^
UffiffiKin Starts TODAY
From all indications the AOSD Club is rapidly eclipsing “Ye Old Clique Club.” —B&B— Among the Homecoming celebrants Saturday night we saw Sigma Nu Jokie Clark leap-frogging over the stakes of one of the “rural” parking lots. —B&B— Bill Hosier is wearing his Phi Belt pm these days and j'ust because Janie Scheuler won’t stay at home on Homecoming night. —B&B— Marge Baldwin i^ so hard up for dates these days that last week-end she had to resort to her last year pin man. Bud Evers, “just for something to do for a change.” —B&B— Jean Pray snatched Smiley’s Sig Ep pin right out from under her
add to the inteiest of our days. We did get a postcard this week, though, and it wasn’t for an overdue library book, either, so we can’t complain •i! * * In case any of you want a super excuse for mistakes made on the dance floor (said mistakes don’t include bumping into people; that’s taken for granted around here anyway), our copyright on this lift from one of Snow White’s seven G-nomes expires this week: “You see, I washed my feet last night, and I can’t do nothin’ with ’em.” And, please, let’s not have some dear, meticulous soul point out that double negative. We just haven’t lamed no better yot. That’s what the University is for, anyhow. » * * We like the drinking fountain in the library. There’s nothing half-way or pikerish about it You either get a shower along with your drink, or you can’t get the water up high enough to even get a drink. It’s one of the little things that make life interesting. * * * It’s fun to see the effect of sleepiness on different people around the campus. You see all the stages— yawns, stretches, glassy-eyes, complete blackouts, or just plain tired. We get foggy ourselves, but it isn’t always spelled that way!
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
m HOLT VUSIMAWBDLER, IfiNU SHAW ' ACE.>WlErD« UK) RADIU
-AND-
'BLUE MONTANA SKIES’ — WITH — GENE AUTRY —ALSO— '
IflHIRAMQ® WsmsmMN
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
GET YOUR SHARI OF THE
///
>* ^ MARIE WILSON Allen Jenkins •Johnnie Davis Charley Fby> Jerry Colonna — PLUS — IT CANT HAPPEN HERE Not Even in Alcatraz! Now you’ll see it from the inside as no ‘outsider’ ever has seen it before! A nation’s dread threat to its underworld—powerful penal-terror unmatched anywhere else on earth!
— WITH — BORIS KARLOFF
roomie’s nose. Lucky for all concerned it only lasted two days. —B&B— We’d like to know . .. Why Beta Union Executive, Bill Crow, doesn’t devote some of his spare time trying to find enough week-ends to date all his current interests, instead of giving brother Wells so much competition with his little pin lady, Katie Kern? —B & B— We really enjoyed listening to Fred Douglas’ portable radio down in the Union card room the other day. Why not try it again some time, Fred ’ —B&B— And so there’s another Beta pin in the Alpha Chi house. This time it’s Mortenson’s on Miriam Gustafson. Speaking of monopolies ! ! —B&B— Chi O, Kay O’Leary, finally decided to start wearing Bill Goebelle’s Cary Club jewelry.
THANKSGIVING HOLIDAY VACATION
Leave Lafayette 2 50 p m. 12t20 a.m. Arrive Ft. Wayne 6 05 p m 3s10 a m. Arrive Detroit 9 00 p m 6:50 a m. Arrive Toiedo 8:00 a m.
Leave Lafayette 4 53 p.m. 1.50 a.m. Arrive Decatur 7.37 pm. 4:55 am. Arrive Litchfieid 8 52 pm. 6:13 a.m. Arrive St. Louis 10 25 pm. 8:00 a.m. All trains via Delmar ave., St. Louis For particulars and rates telephone Agent—7755
WABASH
MAT. & NIGHT One Day Only I SATURDAY, NOV. 18 I THE ENTERTAINMENT EVENT OF MANY SEASONS! = Oiffwd Goldsmith’s Hilarious Comedy cs Produced by = Goerge AhbotL 2 Record Years on Broadway! LEGITIMATE = THEATRE CORPORATION OF AMERICA = the original Broadway play I >fMrAiiiPg' j Stanins Jfi Person I JACKIE CINKiAN 1 , FRANK McOLYNN 1 CYRILLA DDRNE ^ I ^ JOSEPHINE DUNN I BOXOFFICE SALE OPENS TODAY = MATINEE (Tax Included) 55c, 83c, $1 10, $1 65, $2.00 S EVENING (Tax Included) 83c, $1.10, $1.65, $2,00, $2.50 BOX OFFICE OPEN il 00 A M TO 9 00 P M — PHONE 7903
Right OR Wrong? A 2-minute test for telephone users
1 Bell Telephone engineers are mak ing exhaustive studies of solar data from observatories all over the world RIGHT □ WRONG □
2 Radio network programs are transmitted from studios to broadcasting stations on regular telephone circuits. RIGHT □ WRONG □
d Twenty years ago, putting through a long distance connection took about three times as long as it does today. RIGHT □ WRONG □
4. Lowest telephone rates to most out-of-town points are available every night after 7 P. M and all day Sunday. RIGHT □ WRONG □
i. A g -3 g
II O O
§ i ^
.5 ® * N
HELL TELEI»llOXE SYSTEMTliursdayi November 9* 1939
Bumper Crop Of Varsity Injuries Cancels'B'Card Final two games of the Purdue "B” team footbail schedule, carded with Ohio State here Saturday and Notre Dame the following Saturday, November 18, have both been cancelled, it was announced here
today by Noble E. Kizer, director of athletics. Depleted, varsity forces, which will be needed in full strength for. the closing Big Ten battles with Northwestern, Wisconsin, and 111diana, in oi^er, played a big part in the decision to cancel the two gaihes after Ohio State had requested that it be relieved of its ob.ligation for the same reason.
GRAND ENTRANCE EVENING GOWNS
Applause for you for the way you*ll look in them.
"While you look so gorgeous, let’s go 'do the town.”
Stressing Satins, Crepes, Velvets, Taffetas, fragile colors to be worn by Purdue’s most charming coeds.
'mportant peak-of-season collection at—
10-95 to 19-95
YOITLL bo excited as any kid when you see MAGIC Margin. Automatic, there's no fust, no ball You'll get another thrill when you see SHII^T FREEDOM-no float, no tiufter ... when you try Vlfriling on Airthanks to Royal's New SHOCK-ABSORBERS.
AMERICA’S NEWEST HOME APPLIANCE THINK OF IT! Right here in our store—ready—waiting for you to try it—the New Royal—the and only portable typewriter complete with MAGIC Margin and many other exclusive Royal MAGIC Features! Better stop in soon.
——-PORmsa
•Xmde-inatk, Ben. 0. S. Ftit. CM.
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 6477
Gym For Wrestlers Although Head Wrestling Coach Claude Reeck is unable to supervise the training and preliminary activities of the wrestling squad aspirants, all men interested in the grunt and groan art should take advantage of the Fieldhouse wrestling gym which is now open for training purposes. Coach Reeck has revealed that the mat team will have six conference meets to be climaxed by the conference meet which will be held at the Boilermakers’ home during the first week in March. ' Three non-conference meets will also be on the schedule for the Gold and Black. Along with the regular wrestling schedule. Coach Reeck plans to include a second team in his season’s activity, a team which will have meets With smaller colleges in the hope of building up varsity niaterial that is at present in an embryo stage. The second team will hold four meets. I-M Schedules TOUCHBALL—Today Field "Official 9—DU’s vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. Papunm 10—^Winner (Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Chi) vs. Winner (Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon). Mann
A pipe for every personality. SOUTH WORTH'S IN THE VILLAGE
*5 KAYWOOD/E This is one you’ve just got to have— Unless you’re a bookish fellow given to staying indoors. The "watch-case” top on this pipe keeps the wind from tearing into the pipe-bowl and “emptying” it. Protects the briar (and that new tweed outfit of yours) from burning. The slotted grill controls the draft perfectly, and slides back sideways for filling and emptying. The whole pipe is trim as a watch and tight as a clam— ■ makes all other covered pipes look like the Gay Nineties. It’s the smartest thing that’s come through our doors in many years—you’ll agree as soon as you see one. Shown above, No. 33. KAYWOODIE COMPANY Rockefeller Center, New Yorkrfw^ London
Deac says 1,000 of these pipes for your selection. H. G. "Dear REISNER BOOK STORE
1JUJL
Intensive Scrimmage Marks Team's
By Donna Siess Winners in the first found of the intramural co-ed bowling tournament were determined last night at the first division of the contest. In the first roll the Alpha Chi Omegas totaled scores of 630 and 613 as agqinst the Kappa Alpha Thetas scores of 534 and 604. The Alpha Chi’s were declared victors of the first round. In the next round the Chi Omegas amassed scores of 642 and 633, while Ward 1 members fought a losing battle with scores of 674 and 626. —^fc— Kappa Kappa Gamma team members by turning in scores of 517 and 537 defeated the WRH-South girls who amassed scores of 454 and 475. Tonight the first opponents to get behind the eight ball will be the Pi Beta Phis versus Ward 4. Second round battle will be between Collegianna house and Ward 2. Coedda house will play against Phi Mu soority in the third round. —fc— Individual winners in this tournarnent are to receive keys, and a plaque with the name of the winner inscribed on it will be presented to the winning team. —^fc— In order to get the names in black and white, the WAA Sportswomen are purchasing a plaque on which to place names of girls each year who
By Gebrgia Ganroll
Following two days of ilitensive scrimmage, the Boilermaker’s football squad started tapering off yesterday afternoon in its preparations for the comeback attempt against Northwestern’s title favorites at Evanston on Saturday. The team is striving desperately to regain its early season form. - ■ ■ Perfection of timing on forward
receive skins for outstanding activ-
ity in WAA.
—fc—
Helen McCabe, freshman science student, was selected as a new Triton member at the organization’s* meeting held Tuesday. Praiitices for the Aquacade December 16-16 are being held every day at 4 p. m. Splash around a bit, girls, as 10 practices are required for participation. —^fc— WAA hockey tournament will wind up today. Two honor teams will be picked to play in the all-star hockey game to be played Monday, November 20. Eds, you’re invited to see this dashing display of feminine skill. A speedy little tournament will be witnessed Wednesday, November 15, when the freshman speed ball classes begin their championship battle. The winning teams of each class will play to decide the champions. —fc— All co-eds interested in volley ball are to report to the Memorial Gymnasium at 4 o’clock today. Practices will be held every Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. Two practices are required for team play eligibility.
pass plays and bolstering the protection for kickers occupied the main attention of the coaches as they attempted to devise means of countering a Wildcat attack that gained nearly 400 yards against
Minnesota last Saturday.
Rossi, Potter Change
With the single exception of A1 Rossi, who may replace Dick Potter at left tackle, Coach Mai Elward indicated that the Gold and Black would initiate the Wildcat encounter with the same alignment that started against Iowa last week. The Boilermakers will wind up their preparation for the game with another drill session this afternoon and will head for Chicago shortly before noon Friday. A short workout is planned in Dyche Stadium on
Friday afternoon.
STUDENTS JUST UNPACKED A SHIPMENT OF NEW
SPORT SHIRTS
NECKTIES
SLACK TROUSERS PAJAMAS
SWEATERS GLOVES HATS MUFFLERS BATHROBES SOX
RAINCOATS LEATHER JACKETS CLOTH JACKETS BELTS SHIRTS JOCKEY SHORT
EXTRA VALUE IN OUR
SUITS and TOPCOATS
.75
to
KING THE CLOTHIER
LAFAYETTE, IND.
Race; Bauman 2nd A. M. Rohm, Sc ’40, won the annual all-campus walking race, held yesterday afternoon at 4:16 over a two and a half mile course on Intramural Field, with a time of 23 :26. Robert Bauman finished a close second with the time of 23:27, while C. E. Myers finished third. The number of entries was smaller this year than last, when Gil Treadwell, who won the event in the record time of 21:48.9, finished ahead of 14 other contestants. According to the intramural department, the first,, second, and third place men will be awarded medals. Larry Imhoff, assistant to “Chief” Clevett, was in charge of the event.
The * Scorecard GAMES THIS WEEK By Carroll Purdue Noi*thwestern Cornell Colgate Harvard Army Holy Cross Temple Navy Columbia ..: ... Pittsburgh Carnegie Tech..... Chicago ............ OhiovState.. Michigan Minnesota Illinois Wisconsin Iowa Notre Dame ... Georgia Tech Kentucky Louisiana ...!.. MississioDi St Tulane Alabama California Washington ...... Oregon Oregon State ... Fordham Indiana New York Missouri North Carolina St..... Duquesne... Santa Clara...... Michigan St...... So. California Standard
mo
Absolute Deadline Tomorrow The 1940 DEBRIS price will change from $4.00 to $4.50. (OebhiA. “^mpMsL QompMA, QojjsuuxqjL
1 mo
■•■'/-a 'THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, November 9, 1939
4
200 PTA Delegates Register At Annual Two-Day Meeting Relationship of the school and home was the subject which opened the annual Parents’ Institute in the Home Economics building yesterday. Approximately 200 representatives of parent-teacher organizations all over the state registered for the two-day institute Avhich is being sponsored by the school of home economics. The purpose of the sessions is to bring parents together to discuss their problems with refeience to their children. Yesterday morning’s meeting was formally opened by Mrs. James L. Mm-ray, president of the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers, with an explanation of the objectives of the "session. Mrs. Robert F. Shank led the discussion after Dr. Marion L. Mattson, director of the nursery school and professor of home administration, presented her subject, “The Nursery School as a Means of Education for Parenthood.” Dr. Gilbreth Speaks Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth addressed the group in the afteimoon on “The Democratic Process in the Family.” Prof. 0. F. Hall then outlined the relationship of youth and religion. Mrs. Joseph W. Walker, editor of the Indiana Parent-Teacher, official magazine of the organization, led the discussion of the afternoon addresses. Today’s program will include 1 ound-table discussions and talks by Dr. E. Low'ell Kelly, professor of psychology; Mrs. C. C. Heflin, Kokomo; Prof. Helen Hazelton, head of the division of physical education for women; and Dr. M. D. Steer, director of the speech clinic. Mikheli, Hall Explain Committees' Purpose At WSGA Training School Activities of the housing committee and the vocational guidance committee w^re discussed by Margaret Mitchell and Ruth Hall at yesterday’s meeting of the WSGA training school. As explained by Margaret Mitchell, the housing committee meets once a w'eek with the house president’s council, which is made up of girls elected to represent each of the cooperative houses on the campus housing six or more girls. The purpose of the committee is to bring about a greater unity and better feeling among the girls on the campus. The bi-annual cultural conferences are sponsored by the vocational guidance committee explained Ruth Hall, chairman of the committee. This year the committee is interested in having a one-day conference of girls who have graduated from Purdue and are now holding successful and novel positions. The conference would help acquaint the undergraduates with the tsnpe of jobs for which they could train themselves.
Pistol Teams Begin Season's Practice Undefeated in h total of 19 intercollegiate matches last year, the varsity and freshman pistol teams are organizing for this year’s competition. Tryouts are open to all students interested, and will be held around the first of December. Members of the teams, which are recognized as a campus athletic activity, are eligible for freshman numerals and varsity letters. In conjunction with the pistol team, two-week novice pistol courses are offered throughout the semester by the military department. Experience, however, is not required of prospective team members^ Indiana Educators To Convene In Union Indiana educators will attend a Guidance Conference sponsored November 17 and 18 by the University. All meetings of the conference, which will continue from Friday morning until Saturday noon, will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union, and speakers from all paits of the state will be heard. Prof. H. H. Remmers, director of the division of educational reference, IS chairman of the faculty committee in charge of airangements. ^ Picnic Tonight Will Climax YWCA Membership Drive YWCA membership drive will be terminated tonight with a picnic at the WAA cabin from 4 to 7 o’clock. Memberships may be obtained today at the YW table in the Home Economics building. This picnic is being given in order that co-eds may become better acquainted with the members and activities of the organization. The group will leave for the cabin between 4 and 5 o’clock from the women’s gym where tickets, priced at 25 cents, will be sold. A program of short talks and songs around the campfire has been planned.
dUm. andL disUt, By Jean McClintock
Gee, how we — Co-eds Incorporated—miss those senior MEN. Inspection trips have taken their annual toll, and the campus just ain’t what it used to be. Even the trade dinners fell off last night. Only five were held . . . the Phi Mus all went to the Theta Chi house . . . the Kappas ate with the Phi Delts . . . Chi Omegas with the Delta Chis. Pedalion and Alpha Xi dined with the Lambda Chis and Phi Sigma Kappas, respectively. (Editor’s note . . . they were all dinners; none of those skimpy trade desserts, we’ll have you know.) But why is it that one house seems to think we women diet on Wednesdays ? You’re off the ball, boys, in spite of the fact that you include the bright boys of the campus. H & H Seeing a man we know . . one of the few still hanging around the campus . . . reminded us of the fact that the WAA brawl is only a few days off. Of course you are all going for one reason or another. After all, girls, business before pleasure, and the Military Ball is so near that you can almost feel your date
Pianist
. . . Richard Carpenter will present a recital in the Union music room Sunday at 4 o’clock. The program is one of a series sponsored by the inusic committee of the Student Union. Carpenter has received the praise of many critics for his brilliant technique and interpretative power, and has been very favorably accepted by all his audiences.
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOR SALE—One Northwestern jrame ticket Call Jo Thomas, 4079.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. n.
CE 22 Conditions: The exanlinations to remove C grade in CE 22 (Elementary Structures) will be given in room 801 of CE building from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, November 18. Please consult me at once. —SONESON
TYPEWRITBBS—All malccs, standard and portable, sold, purohaaed, rented and repaired. New portable maeUnea aa law as $28.75. Supplies. 0. F. Ebarshoff, «»5 Main Street. LOST AND FOUND LOST—Blue kid gloves, white stitching Between Pi Beta Phi house and Education building Phone 6041 LOST—Alpha Chi sorority pm Fridav, October 20, between Alpha Chi house and Union Call Jane Ramsey, 5091
ME 61 & 62: An examination for removal of conditions will be given in each of these courses on Saturday, December 2, at 1 p. m. in room 301 ME building. Those intending to take either of these examinations notify me before November 25. —BOLZ Theta Alpha Phi Pledges: There will be a pledge meeting Thursday, November 9, at 4 p m in Fowler Hall. Attendance is compulsory —^HEWITT. Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting at 4:80 p. m. Fridav, November 10, in room C of the Union. Pledging and short program. —SHICKEL
LOST—Log log duplex slide rule with R C McNeil ingraved on. Call 3301. Reward
LOST—Black Shaeffer pen ; W. E Teshe engraved in gold. Reward. Phone 66932.
LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin at pep session Friday; between Union and Stewart Field Call Thomson, 3301. Reward.
Activities Bureau: There will be_ a meeting of all sophomores, juniors, seniors, and interviewers Thursday, November 9, at 4 V, m. —JOR6ESON
LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin on Saturday night. Call 3301, Bausman. Reward.
Camera Club: Meeting at 7:30 Thursday, November 9, in room F of the Union, Color printing to be discussed. —GEPHABT
THE DATED LAUNDERED SHIRT GUARANTEE Marks a New Era In Modern Laundering Always in step with progress—anxious to better serve you, we give you the “Dated Laundered Shirt” guarantee. Send us your shirts when new. We date them and guarantee a full year’s wear if laundered by us exclusively. If a shirt wears out within the year we replace it. ' The Thrifty Way to Get a “New” Wardrobe is to Have Your Suits “Re-NEW-ed” by Dry Cleaning
F^l N E C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Don’t Let This Happen To You This Week-end
There's no excuse for you to have tire trouble on your way to the Northwestern game this week-end. Stop in at Peter Anderson Garage and use our Goodyear—^Life Guard tubes.
Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After You We Come First
stepping on you with his ROTC boots. But then .there are some girls who had already hooked the suckers, so they didn’t have to come through with the expected bid. On the other hand there are the ones who aren’t giving their bids to the men who expected it because the guy didn’t come through first. There’s no percentage in him waiting for her to make the first move, you know. Not with the old 5 to 1 ratio still at work. H& H Speaking of men, as we usually are, the ones that make us the maddest are those who look at their women as simply another course. Sort of a Saturday night 4-hour experimental lab.
Gilder Club: Meeting Thursday, November 9, 7:16 p. m, in room C of the Union. —MILLER
Mixed Recreation: Sponsored every Friday at 7:80 p. m. by Sportswomen in Women’s Gymnasium. Wear tennis shoes for volleyball, badminton, shullleboard, and ping pong. Bring dates for swimming— boys 10 cents. Everybody welcome. (11-16) —MATHER.
Independents: Any men interested in bowling on the PIA bowling team for the all-campus men’s bowling tournament phone 2678 between 4 and 8 p. m. on Friday, November 10 —BILTIMIBR.
PIA Memberships: All PIA membership books must be turned In by Thursday, November 9. —DUE.
Junior Modern Dance: All members of the Tuesday-Thursday dance class Interested in foxing a Modern Dance Club please meet in the Hygiene Lecture room of the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m., Thursday, November 9. —KNIGHT.
All Sophomores: Interested in working on Union are invited to a mass meeting which will be held in the Reception room of the Union at 4 p. m., Tuesday, November 14. Sophomores already out for Union are asked to attend as important information will be presented. —ROYCE. Student Senate: Meeting Lost and Pound Committee Thursday, November 9, at 4 p. m. m room A of the Union. —MITCHELL.
Co-ed Debate: Meeting .at 4 p. m. Thursday, November 9, at University Hall in room 301. —WINCH.
Debris Salesmen: Important business meeting Thursday, November 9, at 4 p m. in room F of the Union. Bring sales books to turn in. —McLEAN.
WAA Volleyball: Call out Thursday, November 9, at 4 o’clock in Women’s Gym. Practice Thursday and Friday and next Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday. Two practices required. —MORRIS PIA Men’s Chorus: Convocations this week make it inadvisable to meet. Next meeting may be Tuesday, November 14, instead of the Thursday following. —ARCHIBALD.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Pay initiation fees ($20.00) to H. G. Kolb, 103 University street, before Sunday, November 12, at 9 p. m. —KOLB
WAA: Badminton doubles tournament starts next week. Sign up on bulletin board in gym Instructions Monday and Friday at 4 p. m. (11-11) —SCHRODER.
WAA Hockey: The following games will be played this week: Wednesday, November 8, sophomores vs. junior-seniors; Thursday, November 9, freshmen vs. sophomores; !^iday, November 10, freshmen vs. juniorseniors. —McKNIGHT
La JESSIE INN Formerly RUDY’S Opening November 3 Featuring STEAKS — CHICKEN — FISH Fountain Service, Sandwiches, Dancing Phone 46241 for Dinner Parties
COME TO THE PURDUE RALLY Friday, Nov. 10-10:00 P. M. at the BLACKHAWK Randolph & Wabash Chicago Songs, cheers and dance music by JOHNNY “SCAT ” DAVIS and His Orchestra No Cover Charge
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
e School Suppllea
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK » OR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th fr AAcin Fhon* 5701
^'DEAC' Everythinfl for a College Education
• Dina
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 l9Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
COME OVER! eat at ED Gr DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP CX)PPEE 5c
• jewelers
• Florists
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Darner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mein et 7lh Phene 6050