qi
.
‘Hi
".i, % /<!
, i "
fS ^ M
i'
I
f^y
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Thursday, November 4, 1937
NUMBER 45
Senate Sanctions Open Campaigning
Set No Restrictions On Prom, Gala Week; Vote To Accept Tentative Balloting Dates
Ball Maestro
“The Ole Lefthander
Shield Makes Militaristic Backdrop For Cadets' Ball A large shield—similar to that on the front of the garrison caps of the ROTC senior officers—as a war memorial, is the prize-winning design submitted for the backdrop of the Military Ball which will be held tomorrow night fpm 9 tq 1 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building.
Emerson Scholer won the military ball ticket which was offered as the prize, even though his design, the U. S. Army shield, could not be used because of army regulations. Replacing the stars above the big spread eagle on the army shield with “Purdue,”, making it a likeness of the shield used by the University corps, the decoration committee eliminated this objection. In the hallway leading to the ballroom,^'guidons will be placed; flags will be hung on the walls of the
ballroom.
Joe Sanders, “the ole lefthander,” will bring his renowned Nighthawks here to play for the ball. Jane Kay, Sanders’ featured vocalist, will give distinctive song presentations. Forty Members Of Staff Will Attend State Science Meet More than 40 members of the University staff will participate in the program of the fifty-third annual meeting of the Indiana Academy of Science at Manchester College, North Manchester, this weekend. The Junior Academy, composed of affiliated high school organizations, will hold its meetings on Saturday. The parent group will meet tomorrow, after a business meeting tonight. Dr. H. B. Hass, head of the chemistry department, will deliver the principal address to the Junior Academy Saturday.
(
Dean Enders Dean Howard E. Enders, of the science school, will report on the progress of the Junior Academy during this year and will discuss their plans for the coming year. Stanley Coulter, dean emeritus of the science school, will read the necrology during the opening of the general session tomorrow. “Highlights of the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology” will be related by Professor Frank R. Hall, of the history, economics, and government department. The program of this institute was carried out here during the summer. « Accompanying these speakers will be 35 more faculty members who will deliver address on bacteriology, botany, chemistry, geology and geography, mathematics, physics, and zoology during the meetings. YWCA 'Recognizes' At Services Tonight “Recognition Service” for potential and active members of YWCA will be held this evening in the organization’s Union Building office at 7:30 p. m. At the candle lighting service the officers passing the light to other girls present are: Dorothy Bryant,' president; Dorothy Coan, vice-presi-dent; Betty Klein, secretary; and Peggy Hamilton, treasurer. Following the service, Bryant will give an explanation of the organization and its purpose. The meeting will conclude with a meditation, “The Power of a Purpose.”
Maybe The Piper Was Pied The student who interviewed President Elliott Tuesday regarding the Smoking Rules and inadvertently left his pipe on the floor of the office may obtain same by calling at the President’s office any time today.
Engineeis To Inspect Mid-Western Plants Approximately 575 mechanical, electrical, chemical, metallurgical and public service engineers will participate in inspection trips to mid-western industrial plants next
week.
The chemical and metallurgical groups will visit plants in Detroit and vicijhity, making a specialty of visiting plants related to their own fields. Public service engineers will study plants in Chicago, while mechanicals, majoring in automotive engineering, will divide into two groups, one going-to Detroit, while the others visit the Calumet region of Indiana aftd Illinois. Electrical engineers will start their tour in the Calumet section, going from there to Kenosha and Milwaukee.' 500 See Dr. Thomas Give Demonstrations Five hundred persons attended a lectu?.’e by Dr. Phillips Thomas, a Westinghouse research engineer, as he spoke to an open AIEE meeting in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. Introduced by Prof. C. F. Harding, Dr. Thomas gave a demonstration of several things with which he works. An ignitron tube, which by flashing a light made a bullet visible in flight, and the most powerful permanent magnet in the world were part of his demonstra-
tion.
Annual Horticultural Show Opens To Public Tomorrow Afternoon Beginning tomorrow and extending through Sunday, a magnificent display of fruits, vegetables, and flowers from commercial growers, 4-H club members, and° school students all over the state will be on display in the Horticultural Building and adjacent greenhouses, as the doors are opened to the Seventeenth Annual Purdue Horticultural Show. Apples, Vegetables, Flowers , As in previous years, there will be apple, vegetable, and flower exhibits. The first two displays are divided into classes for commercial growers, 4-H and vocational members, University students, and mis cellaneous groups. The flower display is divided into classes for senior floriculture students, and the Purdue students in general. There will also be high school judging con tests for the apple and vegetable displays. Prizes will include such articles as nursery stock, pruning shears, cider presses, and hand sprays. To those who acquire the most points within their respective classes, will go the sweepstakes prizes in the form of loving cups, decorative vases, and compressed-air sprayers. Visiting Hours The hours during which the public will be admitted to the exhibits are: Friday, 1:00 to 9:00 p. m.; Saturday, 8:00 a. m. to noon, 1:00 p. m. to 9:00 p. m.; and Sunday, 1:00 p. m. to 5:00 p. m. Monday will be taken up with auctioning off
University Directories The complete shipment of directories has been received. As long as the supply lasts any student who has not already obtained a c6py may get one by presenting his schedule card at the Registrar’s Office. Members of the staff and University ) offices obtain their copies from the Editor’s office, Service and
Stores Building. Ralph B. Stone, ‘ Registrar.
erty of the Horticulture Club. The flower auction will be held in the greenhouse while vegetable exhibits will be auctioned off in the‘Horticultural Building, and apples will go on sale to the highest bidder in the latter building at 4 o’clock. According to the committee in charge, the large Sunday crowd will make it difficult fbr the onlooker to properly appreciate the show, and the suggestion is made that as many as possible view the displays during the earlier days.
Union Gives Second Bridge Lesson F6r Beginners Tonight Bridge enthusiasts who wish to improve their game may attend the second-free lesson of the Year in the game room of the Union at 7:30 tonight. All billiard playing will cease from 7:15 until 9:15 because ofi the interference caused during the instruction last week. Union officials urge anyone interested to attend, even if he missed the first lesson, as this is the last chance to sign up. J. L. Born, the instructor in charge, will hold a brief review of the points covered in the first lesson. He will try to cover all points of play of hand tonight in order that bidding may be taken up at the next meeting. Today's Addresses Conclude Parents' Institute Sessions Three addresses this morning will conclude the three day meeting of the t’arents’ Institute which opened Tuesday. Sessions are held in the Home Economics Building, and are open to the p\ablic. At 9 o’clock Dr. Hari-iet O’Shea, assistant professor of education and nursery school psychologist, will discuss “Books of Interest to Parents.” At 10, following Dr. O’Shea, A. P. Stewart, University music director, will explain “Interesting the Adolescent in Music.” The meeting will adjourn after Miss Julia Landers, of Indianapolis, discusses “Safety” at 11 o’clock. Sex education was discussed by Dr. Thurman B. Rice, member of the department of health at Indiana University, at a dinner meeting of the Institute yesterday at 6 o’clock. Schultze Will Speak To Riding Club Tonight Purdue Riding Club will hold its second meeting in the Union office tonight at 7:30 p. m. R. C. SumajIgts, prcsidGnt) v/ill b© in Mr. Schultze, owner of the Lafayette Riding Stables, will discuss different riding clubs located throughout the country. WSGA Allows Co-eds 2 O'clock Hours For Ball WSGA board membex’s passed a ruling permitting 2 o’clock hours for co-eds attending the Military Ball tomorow night, Betty Ann Stewart, WSGA president, announced last
night.
Wide open campaigning for Prom and Gala Week elections, to be held December 14, will be allowed this year. The Student Senate, in its meeting Tuesday night, voted 11-7 to accept the tentative dates set for balloting on Prom and Gala Week candidates by its elections committee last week. The period from November 9 to
23, set aside for prospective candidates to obtain their petitions, also was approved on the same ballot. The deadline for returning petitions
is November 30.
In a meeting tonight, the Senate elections committee will work out complete plans for the campaigning. It is expected by the election committee a 3.25 average scholastic index for all candidates’ work at the University will be required. SAE To Award Prize For Winning Design Unusual or outstanding poster designs are at a premium as the student bi’anch of the Society of Automotive Engineers announces the closing date for its automobile show advertising contest. The design, for the purpose of advertising the forthcoming SAE auto show, must typify the automobile industry or its application, and will become the property of the organization to be used by them as they see fit. According to Jack Vanderford, publicity director for the show, the selection of the best design is to be made by a committee selected by the society, the winner receiving $5.00 in cash. A change in the rules allows designs to be submitted up until 1:00 p. m. Monday, to either Prof. Jacklin at his office on the ground floor of the ME Building, or to Jack Vanderford himself. The contest is limited to freshmen, sophomores, and juniors, irrespective of
school enrollment.
Signsa
Dki EncilAii DlAflflAC r III k|ajiivii I ivuyvj!
Sigma Phi Epsilon announces the pledging of E. R. Bondurant, Louisville, Ky.; G. E. Bausman, Rensselaer; Paul Bergeman, Milwaukee, Wis.; Robert Deckard, Lafayette; and Charles Benson, Lima, O.
Teacher Supervisors To Convene Here For Training Conference Teacher training work supeiwisors and critic teachers will convene at the University, November 12 and 13, for the group’s 13th annual state conference. Dr. S. S. Cromer, conference committee chaii-man, an-
nounced yesterday.
The program will open with visitations to city high schools and roundtable discussions. Dr. Charles W. Boardman, University of Minnes6ta faculty member, will initiate the opening session by addressing the group on “Some Pressing Issues
in Student Teaching.”
Hold Conference Dinner Dean W. L. Richarson, Butler University, president of the group meeting will act as toastmaster for the conference’s dinner, November 12. Indiana Univei'sity education school dean H. L. Smith will speak at the dinner on “Some Phases of My Experience in Japan During the Past Summer.” Dr. Frederic B. Knight, University staff member, will enter into a discourse of “The Integrity of the Teacher Himself.” Other speakers for the two day meeting, are Dr. Fowler D. Brooks, DePauw head of the department of education and "psychology, and Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea of the Purdue
staff.
I _ Poison Vidim Improves After Laboratory Accident The condition of J. L. Reeves, biology instructor who swallowed a bichloride of mercury solution Monday, is very much impixxved. He has not suffered any serious consequences as yet. He was given an antidote soon after the accident and is now staying at home.
Military Officers Drop M’s; Frosh ^Harch’ During Drill
Smgmg Horsemen Of The Steppes
' The Don Cossack Chorus, which* will sing for the second musical convocation Monday night at 8 o’clock in Memorial Gymnasium^ Conducted by Serge Jaroff, it is in its eighth American tour. Born on the Russian steppes and having served as officers in the cavalry regiments of the Tsar during the World War, these singers were exiled from their native land in 1921 and are in reality “men without a country.” “
By R. H. Chinn “Yea boy! Watch me wring waiter oiit of this shirt.’^ “My feet and legs feel as though they have been put through a wringer.” Don’t worry folks, its only^the freshmen coming home for lunch after a highpowered drilling hour in the Armory. ^ '‘Hun!—two—three—foux’,” snaps out the drill sergeant, and the boys step briskly forward. “Squads right Harch!” he barks in quick, decisive demands. And the men execute the orders as though driven by some irresistible power. “To the rear— Harch!” “Left by squads—Harch!” “On left into line—Harch!” No time to think. No time to relax. Do! Do! Do! Don’t Pronounce M’s The drill masters have no time to pronounce sounds such as “m”. Always cut the command words as short as possible and still have them understood. “Atten’hun!” “For’ard —Harch!” “Hun!—two—three — four.” After absorbing these hard driven commands, executing them automatically, keeping the mind tense to grasp the next order, keeping himself geared to the snap and pre-
cision demanded by the tireless, leather-lunged drill masteirs, the unseasoned freshm^ naturally feels a reaction at the end of the hour. Some react with curses; othei’s feel all pepped up and think “Boy, that’s something.” Accomplishes Something? This rigorous tx-aining is desigfned to accomplish several things, according to military authoxities. They claim that boys learn to act together, and each learns to do his small pai-t. The ability to work as a member of a team is supposed to be invaluable to the ipdividual in life, regardless of the course he may follow. Concentration xs another quality that militai'y authoxdties say will be developed. The briskly snapped commands reqxxire rapid coordination on the part of the students. Close concentration is necessary to achieve this coordination. And of course, discipline is taught. Educational and militai'y authorities agree thht a certain amount of disciplining is neCeSsax'y for the individual if he is to develop desirable habits and a pleasing personality.Sijv '
■U., .J!J ^
t i
1^
Lj :•! ■ I
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, Novembeir 4. 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded iit 1889
Editorial Phone 6087 Campus Subscriptions JS per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF ....... R. P. Manion
Editorial Staff
..J. E. Brock
MANAGING EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITORS....: D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin,
C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
Co-ed Staff
CO-ED EDITOR ......Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS, Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee.
BUSINESS MANAGER ..... . D. C. Miller Business Sfaff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Local Advertisingr Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER........ R. R. Hensler National Advertisinir Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER.... M. C. Reeves Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS... J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer.
NIGHT EDITOR Hardin November 4, 1937
ISSUE EDITOR Deckard
Why Not Learn How To Live And Learn “Find out whether these people have the capacity to read,” President Elliott advised WSGA and senior counselors for delinquent freshmen Tuesday afternoon. “I think I can prove that half the failures in the University can be attributed to their inability to read.” And the President told a story: Once a Purdue junior came to his office for a visit. During their talk the President proved to this junior that he could not read. Looking up from the dictionary used to substantiate the fact, the junior exclaimed, “Why in the h- didn’t someone tell me that before?” Why didn’t the University tell this student he couldn’t read ? Why doesn’t the University teach all its students to read and to study? We have heard that learning how to study and how to apply one’s self in college is more important than cramming one’s head with a lot of facts. Here it seems, rather, that picking up the ability to study is a hit-or-miss
procedure, only incidental to informationgathering. To be sure, the engineering training is practical enough, yet if a student does not have the mental capacity to comprehend a written page, he cannot even make the most of this training. Perhaps the University will some day require all entering students to pass a course in the psychology of study ... or, even better, a course in the practical psychology of college life. There’s ample subject matter in this field to take up at least a one semester three-hour course, and it could extend throughout the entire first college year. Learning to read, to concentrate, to work hard when necessary, and to relax comfortably when not busy, learning the value of eating and sleeping regularly and well, learning to organize course material, to use the University libraries . . . these are some Of the topics that should be included in this course. For best results a regular laboratory period should be included in the course. Read-, ing improvement and other tests might be supervised partly by seniors and graduate students majoring in psychology. “Live and learn,” say the old adage, but wouldn’t it make things easier to learn how to live and learn ?
Letters to the Editor
What’s Wrong With Being A Communist? Dear Editor: It is extremely gratifying and consoling to know that now we have in our midst one whose very name qualifies him as an undisputable authority on facts pertaining to our good and much talked about friend, Joseph Lash. We may rest safely assured, now that Mr. F. R. Morral has written, that one Mr. Joseph Lash does not have a fluent speaking knowledge of Spanish because Mr. Morral gathered information to prove such to be the case by asking Mr. Lash several questions in Spanish, a language with which Mr. Moiral could not help being better acquainted than Mr. Lash. (Could it be—no surely not; it couldn’t be possible, Mr. Morrall, that Mr. Lash was unable to translate your fluent, interpretation of the tongue on which you have firmly established yourself as an authority.) Of course, Mr. Editor, Mr. Morral presented other facts in his editorial of last Wednesday, but my humble ignorance and paltry four years of college training leave me unable to fathom the very clear and concise manner in which he used those facts'; so I shall be forced to leave them to the more brilliant ones of our campus. Let it suffice to say that I am not a member of PSA; I am not a communist; and I have never had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Lash, but I am extremely disgusted with arising each morning to see in our Exponent editorials condemning Mr. Lash without justification for condemnation. Even though we assume that both PSA and Mr. Lash are communistic, we have launched no proof of their guilt of any crime. Mr. Editor, starting with the Assumption that PSA and Mr. Lash are both communistic, may I be so bold as to challenge anybody to offer proof (no assertions accepted) that their being communistic is any worse than their being of the capitalistic, or socialistic order ? Joe Rittenhouse, EE ’38
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWI
By Mary Cooley College students can’t read as rapidly nor as comprehensively as seniors in high school, but scientific study has found an easy way for them to learn, according to Dr. Gilbert Wrenn of the University of Minnesota’s general college. Six years ago Dr. Wrenn started his experiments at Stanford by introducing a course in rapid reading. Studies showed that one-fifth of the Stanford freshmen needed this new course, and as the students progressed in college the percentage of those who could not read rapidly and comprehensively increased. This year the General College has introduced a series of reading tests to discover the reading interests of students, their ability to comprehend what they read and their vocabulary. Dr. Wrenn works with the students on their homework or other study material instead of merely lecturing at them on “how to study.” Each student must begin reading the subheadings in the chapter befor he can start to study the chapter itself. “In this way,” Ije said, “the student can anticipate the meaning of the chapter. He will be able to understand more about what he is reading than if he just ignored the subheadings.”
Indiana University has established an upperclassmen walk from which freshmen “podWearers” are barred.
And now you can insure yourself against flunking a course! At Emory University in (Georgia two students have started an agency that will insure passing a course—or even making an “A” in it. Premiums for the scholastic policy are computed on the basis of your average, the grrades made previously under the teacher in question by the applicant, and the number of flunks and “A’s” given yearly by that teacher. Terms of installment payment are offered by the firm so that a student may pay a small amount down, the rest later, and may drop the policy if he feels that he’s going to pass the course and thereby lose the premium. Courses may be insured for anything up to $100, the premium vary-
ing with the amount of the policy. The firm will insure on any grade down to “F”. Names of clients are kept confidential so that teachers may not know what students are insuring themselves and for what grades.
Bob Yellowtail, a college graduate, is the first Indian to become superintendent" of a reservation. He is striving to make his hard-working tribesmen, the Crow Indians, economically independent. Yellowtail has devised a “rehabilitation program” which includes building up of the tribe’s buffalo and other herds, stock raising and diversified crops, and restoration of proficiency in horsemanship.
You’ll find the very latest styles in Tuxedos and Accessories. THE HUB
Starts Today DOUBLE FEATURE NEWS SNOOP
Plus A FIRST RUN ACTION HIT
|tx<
iwavffs with thM* twa-liit«d| hard* hfliilli aaiyMtd'lova aont 9i gunsi
TKOS
..wtiM iniiiM-JcmiiiuHiai-wMiin Also Mickey Mou^
DON’T BLAME us The, originators of “Foo”-lishness have come through with some stuff which certainly can’t be classified as Slanguage. Their note read: “Here’s some GOO for your column. It’s FOO for thought. “New courses in higher FOOmatics, including FOO-GOO-bra, GOQometry, and F06-cu1us. ■ 1. Find FOOdamental relations of FOO. FOO-POO is a lot of GOO, or FOO equal GOO. Trahs-POO-ing: FOO equal GOO over POO. 2. Ex-POO-d (FOO plus GOO) to the'third degree. Let FOOsquared equal FOOEY; GOO squared equal GOOEY, etc. And we say FOOEY! Sign on the Library Bulletin Board: WHY FLUNK ? Let Mr. Tipps Solve Your Problem TIPPS TUTORING SERVICE Home Econoniics Physics and Math Animal Husbandry "And the phone number of Dr. Tipps was added at the bottom. Who was ’^Tipps-y enough to put that up ? One of the 65 Smiths in the new student directory sent in this item. There are two Calverts, one Beer, two Ginns, and eight Brewers in the directory ... a drunken lot, eh wot ? . Then there’s the SPE pledge Braun who slept through “calls” one morning, got paddled and staye up all night the next time so he wouldn’t forget to wake up, and then went to sleep just before time to wake the boys in the dorm.
Today — Fri. — Sat.
2 First-Run Hits!
You’ve seen love on land and love on sea ... but It’s something' new and mighty different when...
AJolpk Zulrw praxMi
LAHO ffoes utest
I
A Paramount Plclura with' GERTRUDE MICHAEL LEE BOWMAN! SANDRA STORMI LARRY CRABBI ROBERT CUMMINGS C. Htnry Oordoiii
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
lO-ZL.
“Why shouldn’t I dream of marrying a millionaire ? They say opposites attract each other.”
MARS dcruble passes are still to be won this week. Send in contribs and hope for the best.
ARC
TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
PURITAN PICTURES " present
'nifim
LESLIE FENTON in “HOUSE OF SECRETS” also “Robinson Crusoe” Serial plus “Major Bowes on Parade” Sunday and Monday “LOVE IS NEWS”
‘CRIMINAL LAWYER’
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
-14^00.7Today — Fri.— Sat. TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
—PLUS
BREATH-TAKING CRASHES ON GLEAMING ICE!
lAarrlng JOHN WAYNE
AND mSKliii
Get together for the Army-Navy game in the ace comedyromance^ thriller of the year!
TODAY - FRIDAYUi
'S' .
ft'
1^
C?J
mh
Thursday, November 4, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Phi Ddts Take AGR's/4-3 To Win Softball Championship
Overcome Three Run Lead In Second And Fourth Stanzas To Capture Final Game
SOFTBALL
-Today/—
Diamond
1-
Overcoming an early lead of three runs, the Phi Belts came from behind and captured the interfratemity softball championship yesterday afternoon by garnering four runs to end the game, leading 4 to 3 over Alpha Gamma Rho. ^ Starting off the five inning contest with a burst of strength, Kessler of the AGR’s smashed out a home run with Harper and Hurst on to push three runs across the plate before the game was fairly under way.
Far from being discouraged, the Phi Belts turned on the power in the second and fourth innings to score two runs in each. Three of the runs, however, were only made due to errors on the part of their
opponents.
Anderson Hurls Anderson was the hurler for the winning Greek ten but was behind in pitching sti-ength as he allowed five hits to four for Alpha Gamma
Eho’s Hurst.
^Fraternities Bowl Second Round In Union Tournament In the bowling league which rolled off four matches yesterday, Delta Upsilon beat Theta Chi, Theta Tau took the count of Phi Pi Phi, Pi Kappa Phi defeated Tau Kappa Epsilon, and Kappa Sigma emerged victorious over Delta Tau Delta. This is the second round of, the Union interfraternity bowling tour-
nament.
H-1 vs. H-2.
2—A-1 vs. A-2. 3__B-1 vs. B-2.
4— C-1 vs. C-2.
5— D-1 vs. D-2.
6— E-1 vs. E-2. 7_p.l vs. F-2. 8—S-1 vs. S-2.
9_H-3 vs. H-4. 10— A-3 vs. A-4. 11— B-3 vs. B-4. 12— C-3 vs. C-4. 13— D-3 vs. D-4. 14— E-3 vs. E-4. 15__F-3 vs. F-4. 16-8-3 vs. S-4.
Walking Race
All men interested in the All-
Campus Walking Race please sign up for the event on the Bulletin Board in the Memorial Gymnasium. The race is sched-
uled for November 10.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
The Union Cafeteria serves the Best Food cooked just right by cooks who know how to supply every appetiteteasing flavor to every dish. I Eat in the Union Cafeteria where two fast moving lines will SAVE your valuable TIME
JhSL fijVtdwL lAnmn. Corner of the Campu»-“Yet the Center of Activities
Intramural Softball Will Attrad Trophy Hunters To Finals Friday Night Ward softball finals will be the main intramural attraction tomorrow ^night as Cary Hall 2 meets Ward 2X. Tuesday afternoon Cary Hall 5 fell by the wayside in the race for the softball trophy by succumbing to Cary Hall 2 by 6-0. Art Levin, who pitched the winnets to victory, chalked up his second no hit game of the season. In the past five games. Levin has allowed the opposition only five scattered hits. 25 Varsity Fencers Out For Practice Sessions One of the lesser known minor sport teams ^hat flourish on the campus is the fencing team, which has already started practice with a turnout of 25 varsity men. The season does not open until shortly after the Christmas holidays, but the squad is starting early to get in
trim.
The team will move to more spacious and better quarters in the Fieldhouse by next Wednesday, and soon after a call will be issued for freshmen candidates. Co-captains Seaborg and McWilliams are anticipating a profitable season for Purdue fencing. This is not like the usual “expect a good season’' prediction, because of the 25 varsity men out, there are 8 major lettermen back while the other conference teams lost heavily during the last graduation period. Looks Like A Cold Winter For L U. Faced with the problem of building a young and inexperienced team around a few veterans. Coach Everett Dean called the first indoor workouts for the Indiana University varsity basketball squad last week. Only 20 players responded to the call, 15 of them players who will see their first varsity competition this season. With but four lettermen and two reserves available front the 1936-37 combination, the Hoosiers will play one of their most difficult schedules, including the Big Ten co-champions, Illinois and Minnesota; Bradley Tech, Little 19 champions; Nebraska, co-champion of the Big Six, and Southern California and U. C. L. A.
Varsity Shows Speed To Win Cross Country Meet From Freshmen Running in the annual freshmanvarsity cross country meet yesterday afternoon, the freshmen displayed what they have in the way of
speed.
Stimulated by the fact that numerals were in thie offing, Edmond Holderman crossed the finish line first, establishing a new course record of 18:28. Despite the freshman first place, the varsity won the meet. Following IS the order in which the men finished, only the first five in eadh team scoring: Holderman, of the freshmen, time 18:28; Bodeau, varsity; Knapp, varsity; Clevett, freshman; Marozick, varsity; Long, varsity; Gaulke, varsity; Reeves, freshmen; Bell, varsity; Mazur, varsity; Schlater, freshmen; White freshman; Fa tout, varsity; Denzler, varsity; Ormiston, freshman; Reid, freshman. Aquacade To Feature Girl Swim Stars A pool show with co-eds! That’s what the Purdue Dolphin Club plans to have included in the program when they put on the Dolphin Aquacade December 3 and 4 in the new swimming pool. The new tank has been promised to the varsity swimmers within a week at which time the program will be definitely ar-
ranged.
Thanksgiving Day, Dick Rohrbaugh, a member of the varsity swimming squad, will travel to Iowa City to view the eighteenth annual Iowa University water carnival in an effort to get ideas for the Purdue water show. The show will be the first big swimming event in the new pool. Co-ed Swimmers Several expert girl swimmers will make their appearance during the show, among them Purdue co-eds. Barbara Cook, a former national junior high board diving champion, a sophomore here, will give an exhibition. A freshman coed, Jackie Nicholson, of the Lake Shore A. C. at Chicago, will give a duet act with her sister, Billie. The aquacade will be made up of campus material together with several Chicago performers other than those already mentioned.
LOEBS’ 67th Anniversary SALE begins Thursday November 4th Bringing you the things you want, at the the time you want them, at the prices you want to pay .... IT’S THE SALE OF THE YEAR, because of the STORE behind the SALE QUALITY ENDURES ctojsm. lOEB & H^NC COMPANY
Purdue Meets Rams For Fourth Time Saturday
Fordham and Purdue will meet for the fourth time in football at the Polo Grounds Saturday afternoon. The Boilermakers who are leaving for New York this afternoon, defeated the Rams in 1934 and ’35 by scores of 7-0 and 20-0. Last season Fordham won, 15-0. Revenge The Rams turned the tables on the Boilermakers last fall by tackling with teeth-rattling ferocity. Captain Frank Mautte and his mates caused the Purdue backs, Drake and Stalcup, to fumble and set up opportunities for Joe Dulkie to plunge over for a six-pointer and Andy Palau to place kick a thirtyseven yard field goal. Later on, A1 Gurske went off Purdue’s left tackle for an 80-yard “perfect play” touchdown run, to sew up the game. Once more the Purdue attack has been built around Cecil Isbell, the rangy Texan, and one of the best backs in the Big Ten. Lou Brock, hard-driving, speedy sophomore right halfback has been a big help to Isbell this season and so has Tony Juska, fullback. Isbell’s perfect pass to Zachary against Northwestern gave the Boilermakers a tie score for a time in that game, but Northwestern won out on a lucky play, a recovered fumble in the Purdue end zone. Outweighed For the ninth time in ten major games last season and to date this campaigjn, Fordham will be outweighed. With Zachary in at right end, Purdue has a team average of 196 pounds, a line average of 199, and a combined backfield figure of
176. When Big Bill Vergane goes into action, these figures soar to 201 pounds for the team average and 207 pounds on the line. Fordham, on the other hand, will have a team average of 183 pounds; a line average of 191, and a backfield average of 168 pounds. Purdue therefore, with Vergane in action (and he is considered Purdue’s best end since Paul Moss and is probably the nation’s largest wingman), will have an 18-poupd pull in weight average, 16 pounds margin in the line, and 23 pounds in the backfield. Purdue is by far the largest team Fordham will face this season.
TOUCHBALL
—Today— Field 1— Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Sigma—Wallace. 2— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Pi Phi— Boyer. 3— Sigma Nu vs. Phi Sigma Kappa —Billings. 4— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Pi Ka*ppa Alpha—Caparoso. 5— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu—Briscoe. 6— Sigma Chi vs. Theta Xi—Juillard. 7— Acacia vs. Triangle—Leppla. 8— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho—Kerber. 9— Delta Chi vs. Alpha Tau..Omega —Troyer. 10—Delta Upsilon vs. Beta Sigma Psi—Van Hook.
A Find For Your Furs LLAMA BROWN in Belle-Sharmeer Stockings Wear it with black.. .the smartest color surprise of the season I Blend it with brown ... for a costume accent rich as sables! A luxurious new color for diu sea^n of luxury . . . made in your own perfect-fitting Sharmeer leg size. Ask fior Brm for smalls, Modite for mediums^ Dtw-fietffixtalls,Gi!«»wfivpluaapn $LQ0 to $1.65 per pair
THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
622-624-626 Main Street
Special Just For Her
Nothing will bring the light of appreciation to a co-ed’s eyes like a corsage made for her own special personality.
^ofL Florist
Courtesy^ Dependabitity md fmmpt Delivery LUNA THEATER BHX5.
79JS—-80J0
11
"'f'-
}l:\
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, November 4, 1937
In Stage Show Saturday
“All that glitters is not gold,” and the same adage can well be applied to show business,” says Mile. Lorraine, alluring exponent of artistic terpsichory, who will be featured in the “Can You Take It”, musi-
comedy stage attraction coming to the Mars Theatre for one day only, Saturday, Nov. 6. “Show business,” added the dainty ballerina, “maybe fascinating to outsiders, but to those engaged in the profession it is hard work.”
W B A A Programs
—Today— 11:00—Morning Melodies. 11:15—PTA Council. 11:30—A. H. Lawson, tenor. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Reba Harwood, sopraPo. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Scientific News Review, Dr. Carl J. Klemme. 12 :‘15—Melody Review. 1:15—Better Expression, L. S. Winch. 1:30—^WBAA Presents. 1:45—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Geography in the News. 2:15—Machine Age Talk. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—^Community Chest. 3:15—Melody Moments.
3:45—Interesting People in the News. 4:00—The Story Book Hour. 4:15—Noel Lee, pianist. 4:30—Twilight Musicale.
—today— Parents’ Institute: Auditorium of Home Economics Building. Dist. Recreational Training School: Faculty lounge of the Union. Kappa Delta‘Pi Meeting: Room A of the Union. Virginia C. Meredith Club: Peasant room of the Union. Bible Class: Room B of the Union. Lecture to Boy Scouts: Professor Klemme, Pharmacy Building. Scabbard and Blade Pledge Night: Rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Women’s Open Swim: Memorial Gymnasium.
Beautiful
■ CHRIST/V\/\S ■ 6ltEETI/%IG CAitOS
EACH WITH YOUR AAME
A WO Fold ■olders mUi Fnveloi
SEVERAL DESIGNS
518-520 Main St.
DECKER’S “Greeting Card Headquarters”
Phone 6477
Sports Editor Leaves To Cover Fordham Game R. F. Obenchain, Exponent sports editor, left last night for New York to be on hand to cover the activities of the football squad while in the metropolis for the Fordham tilt. Obenchain will telegraph reports back to the Exponent tonight, tomorow night, and immediately following the game, especially for the readers of the Exponent.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. EbershoflF, 605 Main street.
LOST—^Five keys on ring somewhere on the campus. Finder please call 36781 anytime after 7 p. m. Ask for Henry. >
LEARN GERMAN—Easily from Friedrich Wolfgang Strassmann of Dusseldorf, Germany. Call 2401.
LOST—Military Ball ticket No. 40. Will finder please call 61403.
Notices No Notices Accepted After t pja.
Virg-inia C. Meredith Club: Meeting for all home economics women November 4, at 7 p. m. in peasant room of the Union. Dean Stratton will speak. —DE WITTE.
Motorcycle Riders: Sign .your name before November 8 on the paper at the main Union desk for the purpose of getting official recognition of the Purdue Cycle Club. —GLENN.
Purdue Riding Club: Meeting in Union office November 4 at 7 :30 it. m. —BRELSFOED.
Sigma Delta Psi: All Sigma Delta Psi men and all men interested in Sigma Delta Psi meet in Memox’ial Gym at 4 p. m. November 4. —FIFIELD.
Delta Rho Kappa Pledges: Meet November 4 at 4 p. m. in room F of the Union Building. —MERRITT.
Playshop Costume Committee: Meet November 4 at 4 p. m. in the sub-basement of the Union Building. —McCOOL.
Glider Club: Open meeting in room C of the Union at 7:30 p. m., November 5. Vacancies in membership will be filled at this time. —MOORE.
YWCA Co-eds: Social Service and Hospital Committee meeting November 4 at 4 p. m. in YWCA office. —CONZER.
Freshmen Basketball Squad: The following men report for frbshman basketball Monday, Wednesday, and) Friday, 3 p. m. to 6 p. m. All other candidates will report for trial Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Bausman, Bosse, Brough, Brinkerhoff, Chamberlain, Cramer, Coplen, Gilliam, Hertzing, Hardy, Igney, Minney, Partridge, Pauline, Rechenbach, Richards, Reeder, Rohrbough, Rieth, Stallings, Swartz, and Witsman. —LAMBERT.
Virginia C. Meredith Club: All home economics women are invited to attend a meeting in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building November 4 at 7 p. m. Dean Stratton will be the main speaker. —DE WITT.
PIA Orchestra: Practice November 4 at 7 p. m. in the tower room of the Union Building. —SHINN.
Co-ed Bowling: Pi Beta Phi vs. Alpha Chi Omega at 7 p. m. November 4. —CROSSMAN.
WSGA Office Committee: Meeting November 4 at 4 p. m. in Union WSGA office. —MERRIEL.
Sophomore Co-eds: WSGA training school meets November 4 at 4:15 i). m. in the WSGA office. —STEWART.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting in the office on November 4 at 4 p. m. Important. —BRYANT. Newman Club: Meeting of the Contact Committee at 4 :16 p. m. in room A of the Union Building on November 7. —McCONAHAY.
Fraternity Presidents: Council meeting ing November 4 at 6 p. m. at the Kappa Delta Rho house. —WHITING.
Junior and Senior Hockey Teams: Report for hockey game November 4 at 4 p. m. —DOBSON.
Ceres: The meeting scheduled for November 4 has been cancelled. —CHINN.
Kappa Delta Pi: Pledge meeting No-
New Ballroom Classes Open BEGINNER’S Wed., Nov. 24, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 26, 7 ;30 p. m. 10 Lessons $6.00 payable, $3.00 on the first lesson, the balance on the third lesson. THE ALLEN SCHOOL OF DANCING INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL 6th and Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
Try Our Special 25c Dinner Eat in a first-clgss restaurant that has been inspected and approved by the STATE BOARD OF HEALTH and the STUDENT HEALTH SERVICE OF PURDUE We serve only first-class meats and fine fruits and vegetables — all at reasonable prices. We welcome all our patrons and invite them to inspect our kitchen. Tom’s Restaurant Opposite Purdue Armory
For Military Ball Special on
Large Gardinias Roses Orchids Artistic arrangement to your satisfaction — for shoulder or corsage bouquets. Order early.
Phone 6050
Dorner’s
Main at 7th
vember 4 at 7 p. m. in room A of the Union Building. —BYRD.
WAA Riflery: Practice November 4: Pedalion and Phi Mu at 6 :16 ; Chi Omega at 7 p. m.; Kappas at 7 :46 ; makeup at 8:30. —CHRISTENSON.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting in the reception room of the Union Building at 7:16 p. m. November 6. All members and pledges required to be present. Initiation ritual. —CARACCIOLO.
Peace Committee: Meeting November 6, 4 p. m, in room B of the Union. Tickets for Armistice Day Banquet will be distributed. All interested organizations please send representatives. —BUCKLES.
WAA Archery: Practice November 4 at 4 p. m. —BOEHM.
Chess Players: Everyone interested in playing competitive chess attend Chess Club meeting November 9 in the game room of the Union. —BELLINGER. Senior Mechanical Engineers: Meet November 4 at 4 p. m. in the Mechanical Building to receive information and instruction regarding inspection trips. Those intending to go to Detroit assemble in room 108; those planning to travel to Chicago meet in room 207. —YOUNG.
WAA Swim: November 4, open swim at 7:30-8:30, Triton Club 8:30-9:30. —SHEWALTER.
Union Workers: Will our committees report to the workshop November 4 at 4 p. m. —SAMUELSON, HARPER. Will our committees please meet in the Union office November 4 at 4 p. m. —CABONARGI, WOOD, MATTHEWS, MASON. Will the members of my committee please reportj to the workroom any time after 1 p. m. November 4. —TURNER. All sophomore workers who are able, please report to the “workroom at 7 p. ra. to work on Military Ball decorations. Special credit, will be given. —SAMUELSON, HARPER. Senior Military: A test will be given to students deficient in History in room 201, Armory, at 4 p. m. November 6, and at 4 p. m. November 8. —PICKERING.
Newman Club: All interested in publicity and decoration for the Baryard Frolic please meet at 7:30 November 4 in the Union. —VON HARZ.
Debris Sales Staff: Salesmen report if possible, to the Debris office at 4 p. m. November 4 to work on sales cards. —SIEBENTHAL.
WAA Cabin: The leadership test will be given November 5 at 4 p. m. —SWICK.
Free Bridge; The second free “Bridge” lesson of the year will be held November 4 at 7:30 in the game room of the Union. Those who have signed up, or plan to, are urged to attend, as this is absolutely the last time to sign for these lessons. —MATTHEWS.
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD 3. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK im. LUTHER A. RISK 4th &, Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Kt Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
- LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace'Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office — Photography — Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies, 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN — Shoe Repair —— BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Locksmith — “C” CARTER ior Keys — Locks — General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
— Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop
Quality Flotvert
Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S
FLORAL COMPANY
• •
Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Studenta. 527 Main Phone 5432
— Dine —
DINE
DANCE
AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road - Confectionery —— Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sta.
— Auto Rental — ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St.
^ y r'- V i:
'j'A m-