Purdue
Z-ltS
Exponent
Volume 51# No. 40
Thursday# October 26# 1939
McCrady Will Play For Frolic In Union Tomorrow
Today
... in cooperation with Time magazine, the Exponent will dis> tribute copies of “Background For War.” Nearly 500,000 copies of the magazine reprint have been sold and distributed throughout the nation.
Frances P.Greeriough
Friday night the first annual Hallowe’en Frolic, replacing
the old Barnyard Frolic, sponsored by the Newman Club, will ^ "I T H ’ i take place to the tunes of Harry McCrady’s music in the Union | Q Pf0SCni
ballroom. The affair will be carried out in the same manner as that of previous' years but only the theme will be one of Hallowe’en.
Decorations will consist of a weird mixture of corn stalks and magic lanterns, piles of hay and pumpkins and a general Hallowe’en-in-the-country atmosphere. Harry McCrady has promised to carry this theme out further with the band all decked out in the latest country Sunday-go-to-meeting clothes. Harry Monson, Newman Club president, when questioned as to the affair said, “We expect this year's event to outstrip all others in entertainment. Although the name has been changed the theme and general idea of informal fun remain and an evening of enjoyment will be had by all those who
attend.”
Strictly Informal
Strictly informal the dancers will have the opportunity to do something which is seldom done at any dance, namely, lie down and rest on the floor whenever the mood urges. However, the dance will not be a .stag affair. The Newman Club, student Catholic organization, has sponsored the dance in the past and invites all those interested to come. The price of admission will be the usual price of one dollar. Tickets can be purchased at the following: Deac’s, Southworth's, Cary Halls, WRH, at the Union desk, and starting today at a table outside the Sweet Shop. Vice-presidents who will assist Monson are Mary Hannon, Thelma Goodman, Marjorie Kuntz, Dick Jansing, George Dewey, Elmer Nesius, and Ken Gardy. The dance will begin promptly at 9. Debris Ends Senior Sittings Today Today is absolutely the last day that Jerry Carl on will be here to take senior pictures for Debris. All. seniors who have not had their pictures taken yet must do so today if they expect to have their pictures in the yearbook. Carlon will leave for Indianapolis at 3 o’clock sharp, according to Debris officials.
Co-eds To Elect WSGA i Members At Meeting In Union Today At
Two freshman representatives to the executive board of WSGA will be elected by freshman co-eds at the mass meeting of WSGA and YWCA members today at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union building. The girls who have turned in petitions and who are eligible for the positions are Jane Arnold, Jeanne Burkham, Alice Chatfield, Ann Custer, Jean Fassnacht, Betty Lewis, Barbara Lupton, Virginia Pfisterer, Sylvia Pittman, Helen Schickler, Rachel Stewart, and Lois Turner. Student Senate head Herb Fishburn and Paul Cooper, president of Student Union, will speak at the charm school session before the election." They will give their ideas on “What Qualities Make the Perfect Co-ed.” The charm school is under the direction of Alice Newton and Bernadine Dygert, representing WSGA and YWCA, its sponsors, respectively.
Dr. Arfhur Compton In Religious Week Emphasis Week Held To Stimulate Interest One of the outstanding speakers of Religious Emphasis Week, sponsored by the University Religious Council with the cooperation of the Federal Council of Churches, will be Dr. Arthur H. Compton, Nobel
Prize winner.
Now a professor of physics ^t Chicago University, Dr. Compton received his B.S. degree from Wooster College. He received his masters degree and his Ph.D. from
Princeton.
Another speaker scheduled for the program is Miss Frances P. Greenough, national field student secretary of the department of student work in the Board of Education of the Northern Baptist Con-
vention.
Miss Greenough Miss Greenough received her academic training at Northwestern University where she qualified as a Phi Beta Kappa, national scholastic honorary. She has done extensive work in the YMCA and field and executive war work. Religious Emphasis Week will be held on the campus the week of November 11-17 in an effort to stimulate student and faculty interest in religious affairs. Arrangements are in charge of the Committee of 100. This committee, headed by C. S. Doan, is composed of students and faculty members who are interested in religious affairs.
HALLOWE’EN It should be uuderstood that auy Hallowe’eu riotiug ou the part of studeuts will uot be coudoued by the Uuiversity. Notice is uow givfiu that auy studeut of the Uuiversity guilty of participatiou iu auy rush riotiug or auy damage to property will uot be cousidered as eligible to remaiu iu the Uuiversity. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, Presideut
16 Races At Peace
Cosmo Club Aims At Racial Good Will
By Johu Traugott While nearly a dozen of the world’s nations are involved in an embryo World War II, and interracial hatreds fan the fires of supernationalism in other countries, a commentary on what inter-racial relations can and should be is presented here at the University in the Cosmopolitan Club. Approximately 40 individuals and 16 nationalities ure represented in the club, an organization for both foreign students and Americans. Around the turn of the century students from foreign countries began coming to Purdue, few and far Between at first, A decade or so later their numbers had increased to a group large enough to warrant the founding of the Cosmopolitan Club. At its inception it affiliated with other clubs of a similar order in universities throughout the world in an international fraternity known as Corda Pratres, Brothers at Heart. Original Club The originat University Cosmopolitan Club maintained a clubhouse on Waldron street where members of the club lived. Various circumstances forced Hie disbandment of the organization. In 1923, however,.a reorganization was effected with a larger membership. It was under the direction of Prof,
H. M. Baldwin, who became faculty advisor to students from foreign lands. Amdng the members of the club there are and always have been many American students, those who were personally interested either in individual foreign students or in the ideal behind the club. Since the beginning of the present semester the club has met weekly on Friday afternoons in the Union building, Durihg the year various social functions, such as informal dances including American and -foreign folk dances, are given for the members. Other functions include debates, talks by faculty members, who incidentally are also eligible for membership, ancj athletics. Twice a year the club edits a newspaper known as the Cosmo Review. More Girls Now * This year there are more girls in the club than ever before in its history, numbering six. There are two sisters from Brazil, Alice and Benedicta Goncalves; Brita Kraepelien, ap exchange student from Sweden; Gloria Fox, a British subject living in Mexico; Evelyn Bromiley, of France; and Irene Sawyer, of Colombia. The largest national gro'hp in the Cosmopolitan Club comes from
China. There are 33 altogether in the University, all engineers. In recent years the number has increased rapidly, possibly because there are less going to liberal arts schools and more studying for technical careers. The club has reached the age now where it is beginning to get sons and nephews of alumni. Of the Chinese in the club, two are relatives of Purdue graduates and former members of the club. Second Largest Group Second largest foreign national group on the campus is from Canada, of which there are 16. The Latin American countries are also represented by 15 students. There are three members from Turkey, all from the famous Robert College in Istanbul (Constantinople), of which Lynn A. Scipio, a graduate of the University, is dean of engineering. Other nations which are represented in the club are Siam, Egypt, Nicaraugua, Colombia, Porto Rico, Holland, Philippines, Hawaii, and Great Britain. In spite of the diverse races'and homelands represented in the membership of the club, held together only by the common bond of yeducation, it functions smoothly and accomplishes its ideal.
Playshop Opens Season With Brother Rat'; Fowler Hall Full
Arthur H., Compton
Activities Bureau Issues Final Call For Soph Workers Due to the great need of workers to finish the interviewing of freshmen as to their future activities, the Activities Bureau is issuing a last call for sophomore workers. Any sophomores who wish to work on the bureau can see Betty Darr, junior manager, in the bureau office any afternoon after 4 o’clock. IA new staff system has been formed by the bureau, according to Director Altfiea Jorgeson. The junior managers and their staffs are* Walt Gipe, program and service staff; Ginny Houser, .personnel and office management stSff; Jim Lemon, business staff; Lois Voelkel, filing and checking systems; and Jack Stewart, editorial staff. The program and service staff will sponsor an activities roundtable on October 31. Interviews Important Freshman interviews are the most important function of the bu.reau at this time. The purpose of the interviews is to see that the freshman is placed in proper activities during his college years, to see that he gains something from his activities, to make him better qualified for the business world. This work was done by the Activities Bui’eau last year and proved very successful. Pi Tau Sigma Piedges 24; Co-eds Receive Nationai Recognition Pi Tau Sigma, national honorary mechanical engineering fraternity, announces its fall pledge class consisting of 21 seniors and three juniors. Those pledged were S. G. Best, E, H. Simmons, J. H. Dean, E. E. Heston, R. R. Hanson, J. G. Broberg, F. C. Hendy, R. F. Yarber, R. M. Voyles, A. G. Bignall, E. B. Formanek, H. F. Kratz, J. K.'Bryan, J. P. Smith, R. L. Oblinger, R. J. Jonston, J. A. Waller, E. Carlquist, C. F. Ruppert, K. J. Thompson, S. G. Adler, and W. K. Grise. Two co-eds, Lois Hollingsworth and Louise Shickler, are to be given recognition memberships at the same time this group of pledges is initiated. This is the first time in the history of Pi Tau Sigma that co-eds are being recognized as having reached the standards required to be eligible for^membership. The University chapter received special permission from the national organization to bestow recognition memberships upon co-eds. Those co-eds recognized shall i*eceive pins similar to the regular keys, shingles, and plaques.
Enthusiastic Audience Enjoys Quick Dialogue, Hair-Raising Suspense By Georgann Schilling Life among the cadets at Virginia Military Institute forms the background for “Brother Rat,” Playshop’s first production of the season which opened in Fowler Hall last night for a fournight run. The play, which was enthusiastically received by the first nighters who filled Fowler Hall, is a comedy centering around ~the escapades and ensuing problems of three cadet
roommates.
Bing EMwards, as played by Bob Hettema, steals top honors as the vague-thinking athlete struggling to keep his marriage to Kate Rice (Betty Erick) a secret until after graduation. Richard Fink plays the part of the impulsive, wise-cracking Billy Randolph who ventures out of quarters after hours to visit Joyce Winfree, the romantic interest as played by Alice Martins. Dan Crawford, the third roommate, finds himself quite unintentionaly playing escort to the colonel’s daughter, played by Thais Crepps, who develops possibilities after she re-" moves her spectacles,
All Good /
Dave MacMillan takes the part of the superior Mr. Harrington, Joyce Burnham is the baseball-lov-ing grandmother, and Virginia Lee Ruddell portrays a jolly colored mammy. Fast moving dialogue is flung hither and yon by the cadets as played by Robert Reveal, Robert Hewitt, and Bill Adams, the unfortunate “Mistol,” who takes a continuous beating from the upperclassmen. Bill Scott as Lieutenant “Lace Drawers” Rogers and Lewis Morrison as Colonel Ramm furnish the army officer factors, and Irwin Luthi is a convincing friend in need to the brother rats. A balance between wisecracks, human interest, love life, and hairraising suspense is maintained by the capable cast throughout the entire three acts. “Brother Rat,” which is the initial production of Playshop this year, was directed by John Dietrich and staged by Jack Miller. Tonight’s performance will begin promptly at 7:30.
700 Firemen Attend Annual Fire School As Sessions Close White, Meyer, Talk On New Methods Approximately 700 firemen attended the closing sessions of the sixth annual Indiana fire school held on the campus yesterday. A cooperative project sponsored by the engineering extension department of the University, the state fire marshal’s office, fire chiefs’ associations and other fire prevention groups, the school was the largest of its kind ever held in the Middle
West.
Yesterday’s program included demonstrations on rural fire fighting, hose and ladder evolution, first aid, elementary pump operation, and care and use of gas masks. Poison Gases Speaking yesterday afternoon on “Poison Gases Encountered by Firemen While Fighting Fires, E. G. Meiter stated, “The firemen of today must know the poisonous and flamable properties of gases and vapors and be well trained in the use of protective equipment and rescue '^methods not only to save other people’s lives but his own as well”. Meiter is director of the Industrial Hygiene Laboratory, Employers of Mutual Insurance Company, Wausau, Wis. A demonstration by C.S. Sprague, Research staff of the University Engineering Experiment Station, of how a spray nozzle reduces the danger of electrical shock when it was used in place of a straight stream of water when coming in contact with high tension wires was another feature o fyesterday afternoon’s program.
Fifteen Delegates . . . from the Virginia C. Meredith Club left this morning for the State Home. Economics Clubs’ convention at Indianapolis. Catherine Cooley, senior in the Home Ec school, who is vice-chairman of the college club section, is the presiding officer of the assembly.
Wet Paint, Lost Props Only Part Of Stage Hands Worries-But The Show Must Go On
By Georgia Carroll
“Good gosh! You mean the curtain will go up on this set in an hour?” We looked around at the jumbled property—^trees without branches, not only wet paint everywhere but m^n still painting, chairs minus cushions, and sides of a southern man-
sion spread all over the stage. While the property construction crew, headed by Ed York, dashed hither and yon gathering innumerable gadgets, plenty of activity was in progress downstaii's in the dressing rooms. Glancing at the uniforms in view one might thing himself to be in a military school locker room, but no, there are seve^-al
women here, too.
Quick Aging
Bob Hewitt, who is “Tripod” Andrews in the play, is head make-up man behind the scenes. “In five minutes I’ll have Joyce Burnham looking like a woman of 60.” It’s amazing what a transformation grease paint and a few strokes of a make-up pencil can make. Lewie Morrison is undergoing the aging process, too, while Lee Ruddell becomes a colored mammy. Up to the stage again. Twenty minutes until the cui-tain, and still no semblance of the first act scenery. These boys are going to have to put on some steam.
Director John Dietrich rounds up the cast for last minute instructions. There are no prompters for the play, so from now on everyone is on his own. But unlike our impressions of back stage on an opening night, there is no display of nerves. All
is calm.
Five minutes to go. Furniture and props are shifted into place. Mary Jane Carr hangs up the last of the scenery, a vine made up of 43,000 crepe paper leaves. It looked like an impossibility an hour ago, but the set is complete in a nick
of time.
“On with the show.” Wesley Foundation . . . freshmen will conduct a Hallowe’en party tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the agricultural pavilion. All Methodist freshmen and others intei'ested in the foundation ai“e in-
vited.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday. October 26. 1939
^Background For War'
. . . comes with your Exponent today as a special supplement with the cooperation of Time magazine. ‘‘Background for War” is on sale at newsstands for five cents a copy, and nearly 600,000^ copies have already been sold. Through the courtesy of the editors of Time we have secured a supply which we a^ distributing to our readers with our compliments. This material should help you to reach informed conclusions on the news of this never-to-be-forgotten warHere, told in Time’s way, you will find: 1. A quick review of the diplomatic history of Europe from Versailles to Locarno, from Locarno to Munich; 2. A readable account of the successive economic crises in Germany which culminated in the Nazi revolution; 3. A careful comparison of the military power of the warring nations; 4. A forecast of the strategy of the war, to explain a twopage military map of Europe; 5. A study of the Commander-in-Chief of the Allied armies; 6. An explanation of the war in China and its significance in the world crisis; 7. The neutrals—a particularly timely study of what war means to nations on the sidelines (like America). “Background for War” has been commended by one quarter of America’s leading Universities as the best single source to which students can turn for an understanding of what led up to the present war. President Elliott is out of town, but Prof. J. A. Estey, head of the department of history, government, and economics, has this to say of the Time reprint: “We have used “Background for War” in our history classes, and have found it to be a very effective and authorative survey of conditions which led up to the present conflict. I was particularly impressed by the value of the double-page map which is included, and would recommend “Background for War” to anyone.” Other college presidents say: “May I extend my congratulations on the interesting and comprehensive manner in which you have pp.blished facts in ‘Background for War’.” Brig. Gen. Jay L. Benedict, Supt., United Sl)ates Military Academy, West Point, N. Y. “My congratulations to you for ‘Background for War,’ which by the way I have read from cover to cover although I had read the articles as they came out.” C. A. Dykstra, President, The University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis. “I was impressed with this presentation when it first appeared in the magazine, and am extremely happy that we have the valuable resources of these reprints for preliminary consideration of the strange but significant chapter of current history being written as we study.” Francis P. Gaines, President, Washington and Lee University, Lexington, Va. Exponent and Time are pleased at the opportunity to work together in bringing “Background for War” to you. Read it, draw your own conclusions.
Purdu« Exponent
R. E. Inslejr _ EdItor-in-Chief W. E. Smith „ _ Bnsiness Manager D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick Managingr Editor E. M. Antonlni Senior Adyertiginf Hanasrer G. SehiUins - Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins Sports Edtior Phones: Editorial, 4005; Easiness, 5038: Sports, 2792 Pablished dally except Monday durms the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage proyided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, anthorised January 20, 1022. Night Editor McKee Issue Editor Sidwell
Maid
' ■■ ^-1. ■BBB
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATUURE
How hard can you laugh? . . . You'll never know . . . 'til you see this Laff and let Laff Comedy K. O.!
Sm-M-T
with WAYNE MORRIS Pat O'Brien - Joan Blondell May Robson — PLUS —
iCivilization Menaced by Mob Rule and Savagery! SMUGGLED CARGO with BARRY MACKAY ROCHELLE HUDSON CLIFF EDWARDS
1-15 pr. yif
...Smart because ARCHER’S set the stocking styles for the land’s loveliest legs . . . Smart because ARCHER’S durability is as outstanding as is their sheer beauty I
Arclier Hosiery
THIEME & WAN6ERIN CO.
622-626 Main St.
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
AN D —
Atrsiw ISA CniMMAl
A Columbia Picture
— WITH — ALAN BAXTER JACQUELINE WELLS
-ALSO —
liwttRAHetR TfiaesfiSAifL
With the coming of our good old Indiana fall weather we realize that there are those who will get depressed so we are going to tell you just how to be successful and happy. —B & B—
RULES FOR SUCCESS: A business man who retired recently with $100,000 in the bank was asked ^he secret of his success. He answered: “I attribute my ability to retire with a $100,000 bank balance, after 30 years in business, to close application to duty, pursuing a policy of strict honesty (students take note), taking good times with the bad, always practicing vigororus rules of economy, and to the recent death of my uncle who left me $99,999.50.” —B & B—
Knowing the financial condition of the student pocketbook j^t this time of the month, we were just a little surprised to hear ye old music box blaring forth from the Sweet Shop yesterday ... no girls, I can’t let ygu in on a new fish . . . the music was on the house. —B & B—
LATEST NEWS FROM THE FISH MARKET: Joe Gardner, perennial Phi Psi pledge, assalted Helen Fleming, Chi Omega, with a deadly weapon last night the weapon was a dia-
HAYWOOD'S PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARD BOOK
New, clever, smart refreshing different' These Rytex Cards with their fine paper and matching envelopes . are the utmost value in Christmas Cards'
5P for $1
Including Your Name on Each Card and 50 Envelopes to match
HAYWOOD’S
— 5th and Ferry
lAMA
-TODAY - FRI. - SAT.-
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
street-*®®" tVirouli'' tb®!rLetor.o‘Y%":e’.
meats
KANE RICHMOND • AMANDA DUFF ; JUNE GALE • EDWARD NORRIS' HENRY ARMEnA • FRANK REICHER
PLUS 2ND FEATURE
ROVROCERS MARY HART roubh mBKOUPi
SSaTMORO ratti
mond ring and that used to mean an engagement... we will say no more . . . and from the Sig Ep ‘'Ranchhouse” comes the news tnat the lads are giving Ralph Heckel that sympathetic look for pinning a girl in the Windy City. We wonder what Sue thinks of the “BOOT” now? ... There are some things that your correspondent just can’t keep up with so we won’t mention any names, but it is interesting to hear that Pi Phi Marianne Nichols has hooke^ a man . . . Sea Food Mama! —B & B—
We rather imagine that Beta “Flash” ((^r is it fish?) George Jones is wondering whether a girl takes her best love to “Goldiggers” or to her sorority dance. He went to “Goldiggers” with Jane Robinson, Pi Phi pledge, but he isn’t going to the Pi Phi pledge dance. What’s the story, Jane? —B & B—
Is that hole on North St. an early start for a Kappa Sig Homecoming victory or is it a swimming pool to throw late Saturday nite home-
comers in?
-B & B—
We look questioningly to Theta Ruth Bennett as to her motives for being so kind to the eds . . . then there’s Delt Ruppert to consider, are you slipping, my boy, or is it just indifference? . . . and if ATO John Richey doesn’t stay out of the Sweet Shop, some angling woman will get him ... when you look over the new records in the Shop, give a
A pipe for every personality.
SOUTHWORTH'S IN THE VILLAGE
In this Kaywoodie pipe, called the Carburetor Kaywoodie, a wonderfully sweetsmoking pipe has been improved by the application of a neat little principle of physics When you take a puff at one of these Carburetor Kaywoodies, you automatically draw atr in through a tiny inlet in the bottom of the bowl That incoming air keeps the smoke cool, sweet and serene, no matter how belligerently you puff In fact, the harder you puff, the more air comes in. That’s why it’s called a Carburetor Kaywoodie Everybody knows that a Kaywoodie is the most so-cially-conscious of pipes—gets itself admired everywhere And the Kaywoodie Flavor is famous But don’t let us urge you—Shown above. No. 22. KAYWOODIE COMPANY Ro^efeller Center, New York and London
Deac $ays 1,000 of these pipes for your selection.
H. G. "Deac" REISNER BOOK STORE
thought to your B & B editor when by Saturday. They are good for the you run across “Scatterbrain” . . . best seats in the hovfse if you know I really love you—one and all ? where to look. • —B & B— —B & Two choice Mars Passes will be FAMOUS FIRST LINE: But I given for the best dirt contributed don’t have two pins, really.
CARBURETOR U S Pai No 2 082 106 X m KAYWOODIE U
TOPCOAT EVENT SPECIAL PURCHASE AND JUST UNPACKED
In the Season’s Best Selling Styles—the Sea-
son’s Most Favored Fabrics—Real Exceptional Values Far Below Today’s Prices —
$19.75
Attractive Shades of Blue - Tan - Gray - Brown and Green, as well as the Beautiful Heather Tones. Make it a Point to See Them Soon.
KING THE CLOTHIER
LAFAYETTE, IND.
JwksL oA, Jouqk. cla £viuv
Because the two rowdiest rough-neck rivals of the screen clash head on for the control of the gutter!
THE DEAD END KIDS VERSUS
THE LITTLE TOUGH GUYS
I N
CL
Tl^bA&sniqjUL
— WITH — Mary CARLISLE - Larry CRABBE
■2 DAYS ONLY —
TODAY-FRIDAY
nmu!
over that ^sornethlng different"
this year’s ‘unforgettable smash hitl Created by Joe Pasternak-producer of ALL the Deanna Durbin hits! ^ SiiAHltyj THAT 6
i ^GLORIA JEAN I ★Robert ANan I CUMMINGS • GREY
TPfF
There s one m every fomUy f
★ BEULAH BONDI ★ VIRGINIA WEIDLER ★ MARGARIT LINDSAY ★ C. AUBREY SMITH
Starts TODAY
Vi
}
I
1
i ^ tit
?
5 a.'a '
I \
’It''
f't , I I
^■4
via
2\t*'f'i
Thursday'. October 26. 1939
£xpomjnL ficuqsL
Sophomore Anthony Tops Track Squad In Autumn Decathlon
Appleton Wins Ward
Cross-Country Run
cause of his fighting heart and the spirit he displayed. —^fc—
Leading the rest of the squad by almost 300 points, Burton Anthony, sophomore quarter miler, outran, outjumped, and outdistanced several dolmen fall track aspirants in the second of a series of Boilermaker decathlons held during the present autumn practice. The speedy 440 man garnered points in every event except the shot put and compiled a grand total of 3,638 tallies. Lagging a slight distance behind was Johnny Arnold, high jumper, with 3,285, and Arvill Menchofer, dash man, who ran up a total of 3,097. With the present system of scoring there are no firsts in each separate event, hut instead a number of points are given to each contestant for his individual performance. A thousand points is given for a world’s record and 'continue on down in accord with the individual’s shewing. Anthony ran up most of his final tofal by getting 772 points in the 660-yard run, and 757 and 682 in the 330 and 76-yard dashes respectfully. The first decathlon heU here earlier in the fall was won by Walter Stroyeck, sophomore high hurdler, who picked up a total of 4,063 points.
Appleton of Cary Hall IV breezed across the line in 13 minutes, one and four-fifths seconds to take first place in the ward cross country _ tourney yesterday afternoon. Ward IV, however, annexed the team title with a team composed of Bray, Grant, and DeLacrox.
Kappa Sigs To Play Alpha Gamma Rho's For Baseball Title
Time Out!
You don’t need any “time out” of your business for linen needs when we supply your linens. ON A RENTAL BASIS
Why Buy—We Supply
Phone 2000 for Service
HO EKTIU CHU6E FOB THESE SPECIAL FEATURES.
NB of/the ^randert buys weVe over had for you. Costly oW-fash|ohod tanhago makes heavy-weight leather mellow end pliable. Hand staining (antiquing) highlights the beauty of Freeman craftsmanship. Notice the handsome ^'spade^' trim.' , '
X-RAY FITTING
A. B. C Shoe Co.. Inc.
406 MAIN STREET
ChoixjL
Meeting this afternoon for the honor of occupying the inter-fra-ternity softball pinnacle held last year by the Delta'^Chi’s, the Kappa Sigs will cross bats with the diamondmen from Alpha Gamma Rho. Both teams have ridden rough shod over their opponents in the play-offs and are expected to provide quite a thriller this afternoon. The AGR’s have yet to lose a game this season as a result of six straight wins during the regular schedule and a pair of victories over the SAE’s and Lambda Chi Alpha’s in the quarter and semi-finals. The Kappa Sigs on the other hand went down to defeat twice during the regular proceedings, but have handed in two brilliant wins so far in the play-offs.
By Robert J. Deckard
MAMMOTH MITE—Andrew R. Wyant, former Chicago and Bucknell guard and center, respectively, is called the champion “iron man” of college football ... he participated in 98 games and did not have one moment of time-out during his seven seasons from 1887 until 1894.
-fc-
(Today Fielders Choice presents the third in a series of columns labeled “Sports Oddities.”)
The present assistant coach at Yale University, “Greasy” Neale, is the only person to have played in a World Series baseball classic and to have coached a Rose Bowl team . . . back in ’19 Neale played in the series with the Cincinnati Reds and in ’22 his Washington and Jefferson^ “Presidents” held California to a goose-egg tie at the bowl . . . another distinction of Neale’s is that of catching 14 successive passes in a college game. —^fc—
The highest football score ever piled up is credited to the high school team of Haven, Kan. In ’29 this aggregation piled up a score of 256 to 0 against Sylvia High. —fc—
The first time Bucky Walters pitched in the big leagues was against his present team, the Cincinnati Reds ... he gave up free tickets to the first three men, bit another, issued three wild tosses and saw the showers before a man was out. \ —^fc—
In ’35 the College of Emporia footbah team was playing Bethany. She had exactly 69 yards to go and only 90 secollds to make it in. She made it.
G. H. Bennett Bests
Campus Archers
MIDGET MUSH —The former Carlisle football star, Jim Thorpe, was a tough article to stop once he got underway, but atomic Oscar Anderson of Colgate was known to smack him so hard in head-on, openfield running, as to knock the big Indian fiat . . . Bert Metzgar tipped the scales at only 143 pounds, but was picked for guard on the Irish squad by the late Knute Rockne be-
A Pipe for Every Personality SOUTHWORTH'S
IN THE VILLAGE
¥0U1L m A KICK DOT OFl THE OmiNAL
J Dr. Grabow scores everyfime wifh men of
action.
OR. GRABOW'S PATENTED GLEANER
—ONLY __ DR. GRABOW Pipes are pre’smoked with fine tobacco (EDGEWORTH) to break them in by Linkman's Exclusive Pipe Smoking Machine. MADE BY M. LINKMAN & CO., CHICAGO-
Deac's Has 1,000 ol These Pipes for Your Seledion
SEND
your laundry
home by convenient
Railway Express
Thrifty idea, this: It saves you bother, and cash too, for you can express it home "collect”, you know. So phone our agent today. He’ll call for your weekly package, speed it away by fast express train, and when it returns, deliver your launcjry to you — all without extra charge. Complete and handy, eh? Only Railway Express gives this service, and it’s the same with your vacation baggage. For either or both, just pick up a phone and call 9 S. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Indiana
1839 ...A Ctnlury of Semico,. . 1939
Railavay
Express
AGENCY, INC-
WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
Santa Clara Ready For Boilermaker Invasion
I
We wonder if ambidextrous Jack Brown, star right half on the Boilermaker football squad who tosses dipsy-does with either paw, has trouble shaking hands with people. —fc—^
Santa Clara University is ready for the Boilermakers. TIi^ usual victory-after-victory/ diet has not been on the Bronco menu this season. Buck Shaw’s eleven, one of the perennial powers in the far west, has had a comparatively rocky road along the Pacific Coast and was tied in its only game away from home. At this stage in the season, however, the Broncos, last week conquerors of a strong St. Mary’s team, feel that they have found themselves. ,
After tying Utah at Salt Lake City in their' opener, the Broncos I’eturned home and dropped a close one to Texas A and M, 3-7; tied San Francisco, 13-13; and finally beat the Gaels. Utah is having an exceptionally successful year. The Texas Aggies are one of the best in the nation. After downing Santa Clara they walloped Villanova, 33-7, in their first victory over that school in three years. Lack Reserves
G. H. Bennett took first place in the all-campus archery tourney with a total of 209 points yesterday. P. N. Deckerd placed second with 164,''followed closely by D. R. Wray with 157. Eighteen contestants were entered in the tourney. Each contestant fired three flights of 12 arrows each from 40, 50, and 60 yards. Intra.mural officials announced that the range will be open as long as the weather permits.
Lack of sufficient reserves is the chief worry of the former Notre Dame grid star and present Bronco coach, Buck Shaw. The starting backfield is strong and the line is balanced around a center who is a candidate for All-American honors. That pivot man is Johnny Schiechl, 220-pounder who stands six feet, two inches, and is considered one of the redwood state’s uncanniest line backers. A Hawaiian lad, Bill Anahu, AllPacific Coast end last season, and Nick Stabler, brilliant tackle, are
half, fullback, and quarterback, respectively. Herein Lies The Power Deception and strategic concentrations of power are the bulwarks of the Santa Clara offense. Casanega, soph back, and Johnson make a stellar passing pair. It was Casanega who tied the San Francisco game with a last minute touchdown pass. The line is not the unit which for the last three seasons allowed no opponents to score through it. A recent communication from the coast afforded the information that the Broncos expect to win from the Boilermakers and flip back to national prominence as a football power. Tomorrow morning the Boilermakers will arrive in San Francisco, and will go through one workout before the game at Kezar Stadium Saturday.
the other stsftidouts in, the forward
wall. Jim Johnson, the man who passed for the first touchdown in the San Francisco game, is the team’s workhorse. Four times this year he has gotten off 70-yard punts. Ward Heiser, Jack Roche, and Red McCarthy are the right
Army Chief Of Staff To Speak At Dinner
l~M Schedules
PRACTICE TOUCHBALL GAMES Today Field Offcial 1— Ward 11 vs. Ward 8. 2— Ward 3 vs. Ward 7. Chaffee 3— Ward 14 or 1 vs. Ward 5. Ryan 4— Ward 6 or 2 vs. Cary Hall 13. Juillard 5— Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 6. Papurca 6— Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 10. Brinduse 7— Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall 12. Luce 8— Cary HalL8 vs. Cary Hall 9. Mann 9— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 7. Leppla 10— Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 1. VanHook 11— Ward 24 vs. Ward 26. Weijola 12— Ward 28 vs. Ward 27. Greey 13— Ward 13 or 12 vs. ard 22. Adams
Gen. George C. Marshall, chief of staff of the U. S. Army, is to be guest of honor and principal speaker at the annual state dinner and contact camp of the United States Army reserve officers of Indiana in Indianapolis Saturday, October 28. The general is recognized as one of the most brilliant strategists and capable commanders to have reached his position. He is not a West Point graduate, but won his present position by practical army experience, and it is expected that more than 750 reserve officers of Indiana will gather to pay him honor.
FINAL SOFTBALL GAME Championship in Fraternity League Today —Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Kappa Sigma. Goldstein, Smithson
Follow Your ‘EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
Romantic Formats The Fashion^s Evening Story
MAKES FASHION ITS HEROINE AND ROMANCE ITS THEME
Dinner and Dance
FROCKS
and others at $10.95 to $19.75
Glamorous success . . . the smartest formals of the season . . , giving you new allure, a downright prettiness that’s breath-taking!
CREPES TAFFETAS MOIRES SATINS VELVETSV l'
Jrt ' ' ■*? Hi* 0 I
THE PURDOE EXPOHENT
Thursday. October 26. 1939
Classified Ads FOR RENT FOR RENT—Nice modern single room Quiet, 420 Eiergreen Phone 55084
tationa of Combat Vehicles of the Mechanized Cav These films are shown in connection with the course in tactics, attendance 13 optional —.THOMPSON
FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—All makes itandard and portable, sold purchased rented and repaired New portable machines as low as 829 76 Supplies C P EbershofI, 605 Main Street.
LOST AND FOUND lost—Geld bracekt oval inset Satur day between Union Biltz and Conrad Call Barbara Fitting 8413 Reward REMO\ED fiom Union otfice Saturday, black twt clasped C< rona case and type writer idleward Robert Hoffei
Purdue Engineer Subscribers Alt those who have not paid deferred subscriptions please do so before November 1 Leave money at Engineer office or at the east desk of the Union (11 1) —lantz Military Seniors Get your pay at the main office of the Armory Thursday October 26 —WISELOGEL Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Friday Octo bei 27 at 4 30 p m in room C of the Union New mtmbeis will be initiated There will be a short program —SHICKEL Riding Club Meeting Thursday October 26 at 7 30 in the Agriculturist room of the Union Plans for a moonlight ride Sunday and Hallowe en party will be discussed All members please attend —MEYER
LOST—Leather jacket on Monday in lo m 106 Chem bldg Finder call 6294 Reward John Cooper
Phi Lambda Epsilon Formal pledging at 4 16 p m Friday October 27 m Chem 106 Party will bt held night of initiation —HALL
LOST—Black and white springer spaniel named Rip at Dad s Day game $6 00 reward Jim Ashton, 6226
MISCELLANEOUS HELP WANTED—Eds and co eds see Rex Huff 8 9pm 306 Russell
ANYONE willing to share expenses on uund trip to any point between Purdue and Indianapolis and Bedford Saturday October 28 phone 46901 by Thursday at 5pm
;,.KOTICES No notices will be accepted after 8pm
Exponent \ssociale Editors Meeting of all assoentt editor^. Saturday afternom Octoltr ,.8 in tile Exponent c ffice ^ —DEHOOG Reamer Club Important meeting Mon dav OctoUr 30 at 8 i m in room F of the Union All actives Ic theie on time Pledges leport at 8 30 REII FY Scabbard and Blade All members fall ut It dress uniform it 4 20 p ra Friday October at fl igpol in \ U f r letieat ctiemoni OLSON Camera Club There will be a meeting of the club on Thursday Octobei 26 at 7 30 P m in loom F in the Union Mr Miller (f the Meston Instrument Company will 1 lal on the Weston exposure meter —HEDDEN
Union Sophomores The Swing Session and Variety Hour staff will meet at 4 p m Thursday October 26 in the Union office Those expected are Couter Newton Karras Wellington Anderson Young Server, Kenworthy Widman Schaefer Miller McCombs Kappel Evans and Albertson —WOODS POMM Pledges and Actives Those desir ing keys sign list on bulletin board imme diately Keys aie $1 60 and can be paid for out of next pay check (10 31) —REILEY
Union Workers There will be a meet im, on my committee Thursday October 26 nt 4 p m in the Union office Bonnie Jean Cox Rhoda A Throckmorton Lois Lock wood Virginia Reed Rosemary Keifnu Bunny Evans Eleanor Kistler A1 Graf Jim Marshall A H Briggs Milton Shouer Dive Mills Hal Knight John Hugh —HUES
"VWCA Social Committee Theie will be no meeting Thursday October 26 Next molting will be held Wednesday Novem I r 1 in the woman s lounge at 4 p m —WATTLEWORTH Debris Salesmen Important business meeting Thursday Oetober 2f in room C t the Union at 4 p m —McI EAN
Praternitv Presidents’ Council Assess menu, if (Be per man living in your houses for file an i ) lice proteetioii must be paid to Grosh I hi Kappa by Novembei I Please
attend te tl^ mnttei
(11 1)
CATTFRAI I
PIA Dance Class Class will be held on riiursday Oet her 26 at ” i m in Memo
rial Gym
LUT/
Lost and Found Committee Meet in room A c f th Union at 4 p m Thursday Octo her ■’6 —STEWART
WAA Intramural Riflery Permanent schedule Mond ly fa 30 Waid 1 7 Coedda Glenwood 7 30 The Gables Otter lie inn 8 Alpha Chi Omega Chi Omega 8 30 Kappa Tuesday 6 30 Ward 2 Theo) bolus 13 Collegiana Theta 7 30 Alpha Xi Delta WRH West 8 Chi Omega 8 30 Pi Phi Wednesday 6 30 Riley House SHE House Ward 3 ” Ann Tweedale Block w'ay Co (p '■30 WRH South 8 Thaeles 8 30 Phi Mu Thursday 6 30 Ward 4 Twin Pines 7 Pedahoii WRH North (10 31) —HARRISON
WAA Council Meeting Thursday night Oetibei 2f in womens gym at 7 p m —WALKER
Military Seniors The folloyving War Di I ailment training films yvill be shown on Fn iay October 27 and Tuesday October II at 4 p m in room 104 of the Armory T F 3 The Roles Capabilities and I imi
YWCA Cabinet Cabinet m eting on Fn iay Octobei 27 at 4 p m in the office All members please be present —COOLEY
OUT TODAY A new Arrow shirt with A new Arrow collar
Sussex
$2
up
It
THE Sussex type collar is the current favorite of ‘ students at Oxford and Cambridge, England If s definitely a young man s collar cut on a low drape template the square points flare away from the tie knot and are moderately wide spread held r gid by a celluloid insert which may be removed if desired Quick to discern the style importance of th s smart collar Arrow designed the Sussex par ticularly for American university men It will strike hard on your campus better get one today while they last In white colors and striped patterns With French cuffs All neck sizes and sleeve lengths.
ARROW SHIRTS COLLARS . . TIES . . . HANDKERCHIEFS .. . UNDERWEAR
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
AU Seniors* If you have not received a post card advising time of Debris picture sitting and if you want your picture in the 1940 Debris arrange for a sitting at once in the Debris office second floor of Union (10-26) —WILLIAMSON
Christian Student Fellowship* Meeting in room C of the Union building on Monday evening, October SO at 7 30 Rev Ainshe will be the speaker —BURBRINK
Novice Pistol The fourth novice pistol group will start on Tuesday October 81 Students desiring to fire this course may sign in Supply room between 8 a. m and 6pm —CAPT HOLMES
Glider Club Meeting Thursday October 26 at 7 16 p m in Toom C the Union -MILLER
Wesley Players* Men are needed for production staff Students interested in staging call Walter Kcttenring, 8486, those wanting on the lighting crew call Lucky Godbey 2663 Women are needed for make up committee Call Marjorie Hoover (10 29) —McFADDEN Mechanical Engineering Students All who expect to graduate prior to February 1941 are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall (11 1) —YOUNG
EE Juniors and Seniors Only members as of October 28 can be included in the AIEB Debris picture Sign up now iti the main office of the EE building —NITCHB
Conditions in M E 31 An examination for the removal of conditions in M E 81 will be held In room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing at 1 p m Saturday December 9 1939 Those wishing to take the examination must make ar rangements with the undersigned before noon December 2 1939 (11 2) —MESSERSMITH CE 41 An examination for th.e removal of C and I grades will be held in room 203 CE building, from 1 to 4 p m on Saturday October 28 —GREVE Cancellations Students who wish to can cel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday October 28 Cancellation cards are obtainable from heads of departments These cards must be signed by the head of the school and if possible by the head of the department in which the subject IS given The cards should then be filed m the Registrar’s office Assignments may be gancelled without grade after Octo her 28 if properly approved by the depart raent concerned and by the Dean of Men —DEAN OF MEN,
Howitzer Squads The following juniors of Howitzer Squads will meet in room 202 of the Armory at 4 p m Thursday October 26 for purpose of organization drawing up of schedules etc It is important that at least one of the two juniors in each squaei attend this meeting Golding, B and Aull L Hawker R E and Murray, P C Teeter L V and Blakslee E L Bruck L W and Kratch H Carmichael C W and Klinker J E Siljander W A and Richardson F C Harvey H. E and Slate F O Keane M E and Wheeler S H Foi further details see bulletin board in Armory . —FAULCONER
Horseback Riding Lecture on horseback riding in women’s gymnasium Wednesday, October 26 at 4 p m For those who cannot attend the same lecture will be given on Thursday November 2 —WALKER
Triton You may pass off your test requirements on Wednesday and Thursday ’ afternoons October 25 and 26 from 4 to 4 30 p m in women s gym —SPEARS
Co eds All co eds interested in WAA archery tournament meet at range at 4 o clock Thursday October 27 or Monday, October 30 —MOREHOUSE
THE TESTED INK FOR EVERY PEN
Modern Dance Jiinioi dance faroup meets every Tuesel ly and Thursday at 4 p m aftei Octob r 26 Senior dance group meets every Frulay stalling on October 27 at 4 1 m —KNIGHT POMM Pledges There will be a flag raising ceremony for all POMM pledges on Thursday Octeber 26 at ^ a m Uni f rms will be worn Meet in front of the Arme rv —HOTLER
YWCA Office Committee All those in t rested in wiiKing on the i ffice committee ittend the meeting in the womens lounge if the Union building Friday October 2" at 4 p m —WOEFFLE
Oewsim ^ SHIRTS
mm
fayson Shirts are macie by master craftsmen, giving you the finest tailoring obtainable in their price fieH Jayson Shirts are macie from fine couint broadcloth and Madras materials \ Jayson Shirts are unconditionally guaranteed in every respect Jayson Shirts are made in spread collars, button down, etc Sold Exclusively By
WAA Field Hockey: Open practice at 4pm every day (10-28) —FRAZIER Ontiiig Club* Hayride scheduled for Friday, October 27, has been cancelled A night hike October 30 will replace it Call George Shawkins or Marjorie Ward before Friday October 28 for reservations —SHAWKINS
Agronomy Students. Meeting in Receptiiln room of Union at 7 p m, Thursday, October 26 —FLANAGAN. Mixed Recreation: Every Friday night beginning at eight o’clock and sponsored by the Purdue Sportswomen. A variety of sports are offered including swimming Everyone welcome (10-27) —MATHER
GIVING A GIFT
OR
PRIZE? Most people think SHEAFFER S Pens and Pencils are glorious gifts (and they are) but they think SHEAFFER S are costly (and they re NOT). When you think of the things that cost more, and provide far less ' wallop"— well, you'll choose a SHEAFFER* Pens Pencils, Matched Sets and ' Dry Proof' Desk Sets for every gift or prize occasion Choose from our complete stock.
Pens, $2.75 up. Pencils, $1 00 up. Matched Sets, $3.95 up ‘ Dry Ptooi ‘ Desk Sets, $5 00 up.
SHEAFFERS
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street'
Phone 6477
LOOK AHEAD OksL J’JuIL l^eaA,...
to
M
Will the new shirts you are wearing today be wearable then? They will if they're "Dated Laundered Shirts"! Send us your new shirts. We date them. If they do not wear a full year, we replace them! This guarantee is based on actual accomplishment. Our modern scientific washing care gives you unprecedented puality in our lowest cost service. WEAR "DATED LAUNDERED SHIRTS" IT COSTS NO MORE
And GET Ahead, Too . . . Ir's easier, when you always look your best in a suit that's always immaculate! Send your clothes to us for MONITE Insured Moth-Proof Dry Cleaning.
LAU DRY CLEANING'