/
Purdue
Z-185
Volume 5L No. 16
Exponent
Thursday. September 28. 1939
Late War Bulletins e Warsaw Surrenders After 20 Day Siege Berlin, Sept. 27—“Warsaw has capitulated unconditionally,” was the terse military communique from the German high command here today, after 20 days of siege during which the city had been devastated by bombardment and fire. Formal surrender of the garrison estimated at 100,000 men is expected to take place September 20. From Budapest came the report via the Warsaw radio station, returning to the air after a silence of two days, that the Polish capital had become “a destroyed inferno” and that “more than 3,000 civilians” had been killed in the past 24 hours. Following his quick victories in Poland, Adolph Hitler has appointed Col. Gen. Gerd von Rundstedt as chief of military administration in German- occupied Poland, and reichminister Hans Frank, civil administration chief. • Nazis, Soviet's Confer To Partition Poland Moscow, Sept. 27—^Arriving at the Moscow airport at 5:60 p. m. in Hitler’s giant private plane, the four motored Condor, “Grenzmark”; German Foreign Minister Joachim von Ribbentrop, accompanied by a large delegation, conferred at the Kremlin with Russian officials tonight. Nazi officials were to discuss the partitioning of Poland and other problems of the moment with Soviet Foreign Commissar Viacheslaw Molotov. Meanwhile German troops retired to the line agreed upon as a demarkatioq of the sphere of Nazi influence in Poland, and in Bucharest, reports stated that Russia and Germany had decided that the Baltics should fall within Soviet jurisdiction, and the Balkans, including Rumania, within the German. i • Western Front Engages In Artillery Duel Paris, Sept. 27—According to military dispatches here today, whole portions of the Siegfried line between Marzig and Saarbruecken have been wiped out by concentrated shell fire; and the Germans are raking the rear lines with a heavy counter bombardment while they work feverishly to rebuild shattered fortifications. It has been estimated that 10,000 shells have been fired within the Saar and Hartz forest areas in the past 24 hours; however, experts said the shelling might continue all winter before either side could blast a hole in the main lines. French infantry activities have been confined to patrol skirmishes it was reported, whereas the German counter attacks haye been in waves like those of the World War, and French artillery and machine gun fire "have inflicted heavy casualties. ( • Britain Pyramids Taxes To Cover War Cost London, Sept. 27—With an anticipated outlay of nearly $8,000,000,000 for the first month of conflict, England has begun to take a hitch in the financial belt, increasing taxes on incomes and luxuries heavily. This figure exceeds Britain’s war debt to the United States by $2,600,000,000. The income tax rate is the highest in history ($1.40 out of each $4 earned) and tobacco, liquor, and beer are also hard hit.
Applications for the positions may be made in person today and tomorrow from 4 to 6 p. m. in the Activities Bureau office in the Union. Fifteen or twenty sophomores and several juniors will be selected by the Bureau, and the Forensic Board will choose the best of these. Final selections will be made Monday, October 2. Speaking ability is not an essential for these are'managerial positions. Sophomore jobs lead to the office of junior executive, and work occupies only three afternoons a week. The creation of extra positions offers a last chance for sophomores without an activity to enter forensic work. Controls Speaking Contests The Forensic Board controls all the forensic, debating, student forums, ahd public speaking contests of the University, consisting of the Beveridge, Hanley, and Lodde speaking contests, Mohlman interfiaternity debate tournament, the high school debate conference, and the student forums. George 1. Balfe ... of Lafayette, former University student, has been chosen from a number of applicants throughout the United States and Canada to attend the school for casualty insurance conducted by the Travelers Insurance Company at its home office in Hartford, Conn.
0. L. Foster To Show Color Photographs At Camera Meeting As a special program feature at the meeting of the Camera Club in the Faculty Lounge of the Union at 7:30 Thursday, September 28, Mr, 0. L. Foster of the Foster Art Shop will be guest speaker. Foster will present a program of projected color pictures that he has taken throughout this country, Canada, and Mexico. Anyone interested in this meeting is invited to attend, regardless of whether or not he is a Camera Club member. Although he is an artist by choice, Mr. Foster has assembled one of the most complete series of natural color slides that can be found in this locality. As time would not permit the presentation of the entire series of slides, Mr. Foster has selected a representative group of scenes from various localities such as the Canadian Rockies, the western states, Mexico, and others. A brief business meeting will precede Mr. Fostei’s lectuie, allowing those going to the pep session to return in time for the main portion of the meeting.
270 Co-eds Attend Afternoon Teas As Rush Season Begins Informal rush in the form of afternoon teas was considered a success by sorority houses yesterday. The teas will continue today and tomorrow in two periods of one hour each, from 3-4 and 4:30-6:30 o’clock. Preceding the formal rush period, which opens Saturday afternoon, September 30, these teas were authorized by the Pan-Hellenic Council to take the place of the “coke dates” of former years. Refreshments served ranged from hot spiced cider at the Alpha Xi Delta house and Hawaiian fruit drink at the Alpha Chi Omega house to Boston coolers at the Pedalion house and hot chocolate at the Kappa Alpha Theta house. Punch was served at the Kappa Kappa Gamma, Phi Mu, and Chi Omega houses. Pi Beta Phi served limeade and ginger ale.
Estey, Hall Sears Address At First Tau Kappa Alpha Forum
University Handbooks Available To Students Student Senate officials announced yesterday that a limited number of University Handbooks are available for distribution to the general student body. These handbooks are valuable booklets originally published for freshmen but covering many phases of University affairs valuable to others. Books may be obtained free of charge at any time in the Activities Bureau office until the supply is exhausted.
Tonight At 7-Stuart Field Athletic Honorary
Back The Team -Dunshee
Forensic Board Enlarges Program For Coming Year; Requires More Managers Mapping out the season’s program of intramural and intercollegiate forensic activities at a recent meeting, the UniversityForensic Board enlarged the program for 1939-40 to such an extent as to require more student managers for the coming year. Twelve sophomore debate managerships and one position for a junior in the Speakers Bureau were created by the board, consisting of Dean W. A. Knapp, Prof. P. E. Lull, Mr. K. M. Horn, director of the Speaker’s Bureau, A1 Copeland, co-ed forensic manager Lucy Demoret, Don Paarlburg, president of Tau Kappa Alpha, and Ken Mulholland, chairman of the board. Apply Today --
“Let’s get out and get back of the team right from the start. I want to see every student give the team the send off they deserve at the pep session tonight,” stated head cheerleader Bill Dunshee yesterday, while discussing the season’s opener with
Notre Dame Saturday.
— Form At 7 P. M.
Led by the band, which will form at the Union at 6:45 p. m, and march to the village from there, students will gather in the village at 7 p. m. for the march to Stuart Field. Organizations will carry torches and signs. President Elliott, Frank Bykowski, and Ted Hennis will speak, and Mai Elward, head coach, will introduce the football
coaches.
Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, will provide the bonfire, and a University truck and loud speaker equipment will enable every one to see and hear the speak-
ers.
Let’s Follow The Band Bill Dunshee will do the honors in cheer-leading. The pep session is being sponsored by athletic booster honoraries Gimlet, Reamers, and Skull and Crescent, who request that students cooperate in making it a success by following the band instead of crowding around it, and showing real enthusiasm on the field.
"Sincere Neutrality Attempts Have Failed," Says Professor First campus open discussion of problems of United States’ neutrality policy in relation to the war in Europe was held last night before a near capacity audience in Fowler Hall. Professors L. M. Sears, Frank Hall, and J. A. Estey led the forum which was sponsored by Tau Kappa Alpha, debating honorary. Each speaker presented a different approach to the question; Dr. Sears discussed the historical background of the country’s neutrality policy; Dr. Estey brought out certain technicalities that are involved in the problem; and Dr. Hall’s talk concerned the correct interpretation of the question that is before Congress at its present session. He stated the Congress meets, not to decide whether to repeal the Neutrality Act, but, rather to decide the fate of the embargo clause contained in the act. — — Dr. Hall said further, “There is
the suspicion in Washington that Mr. Roosevelt’s plea for' repeal of the embargo is motivated by his intense hatred of Hitler. It is also probably true that there is too much smugness about France and Britain’s ability to win the war. Therefore, we must determine our foreign policy with a view to whether we wolud rather win the animosity of Germany or England and
France.”
Senafe Issues Call For Soph Workers Following out the plan of drganization established last spring, the Student Senate will issue its first call for sophomore workers next
Tuesday.
After working for a year, these sophomores, along with those just elected at registration, will be eligible for the eight junior jobs avail-
able.
The juniors carried over from last year as junior executives are: Lewis McCammon, Allan Dilts, John Van Horn, Paula Zwierlein, Jack Wise, Dick Obenchain, and John Stewart. All sophomores who are interested are urged to attend the organization meeting October 3, at 4 o’clock in room A.
Orcliids, Palms, Tropical Plants Bloom In University Greenhouse
By Betty Wickard Orchids, banana trees, palms and rare tropical plants blooming in profusion on the Purdue campus! It sounds impossible; however, these plants may be viewed any day in the University greenhouse, the long, low building sandwiched in between the campus railroad and the new Music Hall. One of the rarest plants in the greenhouse is the Bird of Paradise, so called because the beautiful blue and orange bloom resembles that vivid tropical bird with wings outspread. Better known natives of the tropics are a rubber plant whose leaves emit a sticky white fluid/ when broken, and many varieties of palms. Philadendron, Monstera Gigantum, is the long name of a broadleaved native of Bolivia, South America. Africa sends the Juniper, a huge plant whose leaves resemble elephant ears. The most striking specimens, however, are the banana tree, which bears fruit continually, and the orchids, which are suspended in wire baskets, as their bloom hangs downward. The building, now valued at $33,460, houses the Plant Physiology Department on the east and the greenhouse on the west side. Mar-
tin L. Peirce, who was prominent in founding the University, serving on the board of trustees from 1869 until his death 20 years later, donated the funds for the building. First erected in 1879 where the Home Economics building now stands, the greenhouse was moved in 1921 to its present site. According to the caretaker, who has seiwed in that capacity for 27 years, visitors who wish to see the plants are welcome. ASCE To Hear Ellis On Tunnels Tonight This evening at 8 o’clock the student chapter of the ASCE will hold its initial meeting of the school year in room 201 of the Civil Engineering building. Professor Ellis, acting in a consulting capacity on the design and sti’ength of the large concrete section which forms the walls, floor, and roof of the subway tubes, will discuss “The Chicago Subway, a Problem in Transportation.” The talk will be descriptive rather than highly techpical, and all who are interested are invited to attend.
Gimlet, athletic honorary, met last night at the Sigma Nu fraternity and elected the following fall
pledges:
W. E. Catterall, president of the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council; R. S. Colquhoun and A. W. Kettler, junior football managers; W. E. Dunshee, senior cheer leader; R. H. Dyer, Debris photography editor; H. F. Fishburn, president Student Senate; D. T. Fisher, varsity basketball man; G. W. Hearne, varsity baseball captain. R. K. Johnson, president Men’s Club; L. A. Johnson and A. E. Morningstar, varsity football men; J. R. Mann and J. J. Werst, senior track managers; J. W. Munk and J. C. Swander, senior baseball managers; and T. C. Noland and W. F. Taylor, SAA vice-presidents. The club named Lon Mann, varsity trainer, and E. H. Burnham, freshman coach, as honorary mem-
bers.
Co-ed House Heads To Discuss Housing Co-ed house presidents will meet tonight at 7 o’clock in room A of the Union to discuss housing problems under the guidance of the WSGA housing committee. The presidents of all residences, including co-op houses, accommodating more than si xgirls, are urged to attend. Acting in an advisory capacity, WSGA members will conduct a discussion on co-ed house problems. The discussion will include such problems as hours, date nights, scholastic assistance, and housingconditions. Officers of the house presidents’ council will be elected at this time. The main purpose of the meeting is to bring unorganized girls closer to campus activities. Bulletins concerning campus activities and events are sent regularly to every house, Margaret Mitchell, chairman of the housing committee, announced yesterday. Marlin, Reedy To Play For Week End Mixers Bill Martin and his campus band will play their first engagement of the season at the Friday night mixer in the Union ballroom. Martin’s band is the same this year as last and features the vocals as done by Dorothy Downing. Saturday night Paul Reedy and his “Campus Commodores” will furnish the music for the regular Saturday mixer. The Commodores are practicaly the same musicians who played in Chuck Coe’s band last year but under a new leadership since the graduation of Coe.
Neutrality Has Failed In opening the forum Dr. Sears said, “Neutrality is the oldest of our foreign policies. And all of our sincere attempts to remain neutral in past crises in other parts of the world have only resulted in our becoming involved. “We are undoubtedly a nation of hypocrites. In the face of the Japanese undeclared war it has been our policy to simply ignore the fact that the war exists and not enforce the embargo as embodied in the Neutrality Act. Even, however, if we did apply the embargo, we would still be shipping the equivalent in raw materials.” While Dr. Sears gave the impression that President Roosevelt was probably right in wishing the country to stick to international law and to ship supplies of war, Estey pointed out in his talk that there must be something wrong with our insistance on the principals of international law if it has always gotten the United States involved in war in the past. He went on to point out the loopholes and technicalities in the present act. Estey also proposed the idea that if we stick to international law we ought not to change the status quo just because war has broken out. Scandinavian Neutrality An open forum discussion was held following the three speeches. On the question which Dr. Sears stated had been asked often by students was: “Why should the Scandinavian countries be able to remain neutral in the last war when they were so close to the conflict?” Dr. Estey’s answer brought out the point that these small nations did not have the resources of the United States and therefore no pressure was placed on them to involve them in a war. “If the result of our moral entry into the last war was so disastrous, why should we even think of doing it again?”; was another question put to Dr. Sears. He answered it by stating that the United States itself wi-ecked all di-eams of peace after the world war by om- forsaking of the policies of Woodrow Wilson. Following The Pep . . . session tonight the American Society pf Metallm-gical Engineers will sponsor a Smoker for students in the metallm-gical school. The scene of the affair will be the faculty lounge in the Union.;'*'C
ft/:
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, September 28, 1939
An Intangible Quality Incidentally
But
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Ltchty
That Separates All Men Into Two Classes; What Is It? A little orange booklet will make its initial appearance on the campus today. Drawn up by a committee composed of both students and faculty, it is the first attempt to define that intangible quality “Purdue Honor.” Distribution today will be to a group of student activity and social organization leaders. Prseident Elliott, author of the booklet’s preface^ will express his philosophies on the subject when he makes the initial presentation of the booklet to the leaders. On the cover is the all-inclusive statement: Honor is what remains when you are sure no one is looking. Honor seems to be that quality within a man that makes him satisfactory to himself. Whether you yourself are honorable in your everyday life is not of any consequence whatsoever to anyone else. No outside influence can either make you honorable or destroy your honor. Honor is a habit, the formation of which is entirely up to you. This habit is usually acquired way back in childhood, together with the other habits that have gone to compose your individual character. Honor seems to be just as important to complete, utopian living as the habits of eating, sleeping, or exercising. The quality of honor makes itself apparent in many different ways. To enumerate all these . . . such as telling a lie, cheating in sports, cheating in the classroom ... seems rather useless as they are understood by everyone within himself. The only thing therefore that stands between an honorable man and a dishonorable man is himself. Think it over.— R. E. 1. In South Bend ... Notre Dame students sing a little ditty which includes the words, “Send the volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky.” Purdue students will do a bit of lusty cheering themselves at tonight’s pep session ... in order that the Boilermaker squad will go onto the football field Saturday with victory already in their blood, ready to pass out Purdue’s own particular brand of gridiron thunder. Football enthusiasm at its height may be blown off freely at any pep session, a sort of wide-open safety valve. Those who attend will get something real out of tonight’s pep session. They’ll have a good time .. . see old friends ... forget their college dignity and yell to their heart’s content . . . and make the very skies harken to the old Purdue Spirit. More than that, tonight’s pep-sessioners will get a large dose of the intangible thing called “school spirit.” The enthusiasm and loyalty
By Romanoff Now that all the fraternity pledges have learned the sad news that rush week is over (thank heavens), and that they have been cut down from king to buck private, we can clear our desk and peer out again on this cynical and pessimistic student rat race and call a spade a shovel. He :|c * Over in the Aeronautics department they gave out a problem to a handful of embryo airplane designers relative to the time necessary for a certain seaplane to take off under full load. Worry, worry, and then when the clan sounded Herr Instructor compared notes with the class and found most of the planes in dire distress. One plane had roared along for an hour and four minutes without taking the ether. Another went under after a short spin down the harbor. One is still unheard from. * H« * Nominations for the campus’s meanest man . , . the guy who stood in front of Philip Morris’ Johnnie in the Sweet Shop and blithely smoked a Camel. * * * Recent occurrences over WBAA’s channel have caused us to reverse a previous decision and shout, “Orchids to the WB A A kids.” One recent station break (call letters, etc., at 16 minute intervals), was followed by—“Due to circumstances beyond our control we are unable to cancel the program originally scheduled for this time. We present Russ ...” One H. Eckert deserves the credit we guess. * ♦ * Speaking of war . . . and who doesn’t ... we have a notion to write the Great White Father, Hyde Park, and ask him if he is really genuinely interested in neutrality and the role of the U. S. in the European situation. We might even add a P. S. to the effect that perhaps Landon has him on the spot with that letter on the third term. Alf asked him to state his sentiments on the possibility of his tW^d term so that the country could take that load off its mind and get down to some concentrated thinking on the war. ** * On second thought we’ll write to Eleanor instead.
which go across the gridiron with every Purdue team will become part of them; a permanent heritage of their college days. , The Boilermaker squad will leave tomorrow knowing that their student friends are behind them. The spirit of tonight’s cheers will still be with the team at the kick-off Saturday. That spirit will still be strong when the game is over. Enthusiasm, loyalty, cheers, and Songs are part of Purdue. Rioting and vandalism are something else. All right-thinking students will not become involved in the latter. Rather, they will really exercise their lungs around the bonfire. For a successful pep session,, students are urged to meet in the village shortly before 7 o’clock, and to follow the band after it turns toward Stuart Field. Yes ... there is a pep session tonight. LET’S GO!
200 Faculty, Students Attend Freshman Ag Round-Up, Barbecue Approximately 200 faculty members, animal husbandry students, and ag freshmen turned out last night for the annual Freshman Round-up which ended with a barbecue in Dean’s pasture. The entire group made a tour of the farms in the afternoon and inspected the different classes of livestock. Following the barbecue the group gathered around a large bonfire and listened to an authentic portrayal of the life of a cowboy around an old-fashioned chuck-wagon. Spencer Bogue, president of Hoof and Horn, animal husbandry club, acted as head rancher and introduced other tough entrees who discussed the history of the western ranch. Prof. F. G. King, head of the animal husbandry department, gave a short talk and introduced the extension men with the department.
Purdue Exponent R. E. Insley ^Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith Business Manager D. G. Terrio..., Editorial Director G. W. Frederick. .. Managing Editor E. M. Antonini....Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins Sports Edtior Phones: Editorial, 4005; Business, 5038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section J103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Delivered by carrier, $8 per academic year; by mail, $8.60. Business office located at 812 N. Fifth Street; editorial office. Union Building; sports office. Field House. National Advertising Representatives: National Advertising Service, Inc., 420 Madl« son Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press.
I WBAA Today 11:00—PTA Program 11:15—Rosalind McClanahan, soprano 11:30—County Federation of Clubs 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:15—YMCA 50th Anniversary Program, Interviews 12:30—rLuncheon Dance Time 12:45—Mary Jdhnston, soprano 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—The Apothecary 2:15—Edward Foley, pianist 2:30—You and Your Child 2:45-—Treasure Chest 3:00^—Symphony Hall 4:00—Melody Moods 4:15—Radio Club 4:30—Stamp Club of the Air 4:45—Story Book Hour
Follow Your “EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
TODAY THRU SATURDAY SONG-STUDDED EXCIUMENTI
“EXILED TO SHANGHAI” With WALLACE FORD JUNE TRAVIS
SSERAjlfi® IgmesAeAW
—ALSO —
CHAPUHS
lilAlli
STARTS TODAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
Roaring Robinhood Of Old Mexico! [ LAUGHS AND GUNFLASH LIGHTNING.. .1 when a good-bad bandit tries to tame the I dancingwildcat of a stormy border cabaretl I
AiDflii, aifiER lED^ri
PLUS —
Your Flying Favoril’e of the Comic Strip! TAILSPIK TOMMY In His Most Thrilling Air-Venture! SKY PATROL — with — JOHN TRENT MARJORIE REYNOLDS JACKIE COOGAN
—COMING— 'IN NAME ONLY"
70
Ji
It looks as if roommates can’t be trurted anymore. Here is another letter swiped from somebody drawer: Danville, 111. 9-18-39 Dearest Frank: Thanks for writing and apologizing. But I don’t think it was only at the fair that you have mistreated me. For three months you have acted as if you wanted to get rid of me. I think the girl from N. T. H. has taken my place. Some friend" of yours at the fair told me that you went steady with that girl, and at the time he didn’t know that you and I had gone together. We had quite a talk about it, and by your actions I knew that you didn’t want me anymore. I know that I can’t love anyone else but you even if I did try. And, Honey, I’m really very glad to have heard from you. Listen, Darling, if you like that girl from N. T. H. better than me, go ahead and go with-her and just forget about me. I don’t mean anything to you anymore. I only hope we can be the very best of friends. But I shall never forget any of the nights I have spent with the one that means the most to me. . So please take your choice between her and me. I’ll close, hoping you will take this letter into deep consideration. I remain to you, Ruth. —B & B— The letters we have printed only go to show that women are getting pretty serious nowadays. —B & B— Special notice to co-eds: “Slug” Holloway, Alpha Kappa Lambda pledge, is back in circulation again. We don’t exactly know what happened, but THAT picture has been removed from his desk—for good! —B&B— John Keeler, freshman engineer, is quite a shy gentleman. When his two freshmen pals decided to leave the mixer Friday night, John uttered in dismay, “What? And leave
mmm
mm
y-
R'' /
Copr. 1939 bj tTnlted Featcm Byadlca^ V. 8. PaL Offv—All ri^U/esemi
“—this battle has come to you through the courtesy of the litzy Bitzy Cookie Company.”
LU^ —TODAY FRI. - SAT.— 2 FIRST RUN FEATURES HemilG TURNS ^ BANDIT FOR M A DAY
to blast open | the crooked cotP spiracy that threatens to rule the West!
tM
Poramounf presents
0 CkremeLMulfmd’s RANGE WAR
featuring
WILLIAM BOYD — ALSO —
gious rQ!^n«'
JEAN ROGERS WILLIAM FRAWLEY ROBERT KELLARD EDDIE COLLINS MINNA GOMBELL CORA SUE COLLINS
me ALONE with all those girls?” Believe it or not, they left together. —B & B— Latest reports state that one of our prominent juniors in the M. E. school has the privilege of calling up the Dean of Women and asking for “Dottie”.
The contrib ended with: “The name of this Sigma Chi would gladnames under this contrib. & B— Even breaks for all, fellows. If we don’t get his name, we’ll use yonrSi ly be released for two passes to the Mars.” Please do not publish our
213 Vine
MITZI CAFE Home of Good Food
Phone 2958
FOLLOW THE UNKNOWN HEROES A SERVICE
cs
Hiey’re there before trouble breaks, the unsung heroes of our Fordgn Service! No glory, no reward...only the job of keepingAmericans.. and America Out of danger!
-EXTRACOMEDY
MUSICAL ACT
NEWS
MMik ilRSIML pMT , . wHh George Bancroft TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
••• .„.:L\vakets
TODAY-FRIDAY^ Thursday. September 28. 1939
^xfwmnJt SpoJdA fintp
Triton Club Lists Its Matches Start In Sophs Push Varsity Member Requisites Golf Tournament Nine For Positions
/■'''*
Eequirements for membership in the Triton swimming club were discussed by the forty-two members present at the opening meeting of the club last Tuesday night. The requirements for membership include: floating motionless for one minute, treading water for one-half minute, surface diving three times, plain front diving, ten length distance swimming, and correct form in swimming resting back stroke, side stroke, and optional stroke. The meetings will be held the first and third Tuesdays of each month. Candidates for membership must pass the requirements before Tuesday, October 31, when the pledging will be held. The tests may be practiced any aftqrnoon at 4 p. m., but they must be passed at one of the regular meetings. The program for the year, including plans for entering the National Telegraphic swimming meets this year were discussed by the president, Betty Spears. The other officers of the club are, Janet Major, vice president; Gaby Roe, secretary, and Miss Marion Russell, the club sponsor.
A pipe for every personality. SOUTHWORTH'S IN THE VILLAGE
m OUTDOOR PIPE
mWOODIE
This is one you’ve just got to have— unless you’re a bookish fellow given to staying indoors. The "watch-case” top on this pipe keeps the wind from tearing into the pipe-bowl and "emptying” it. Protects the briar (and that new tweed outfit of yours) from burning. The slotted grill controls the draft perfectly, and slides back sideways for filling and emptying The whole pipe is trim as a watch and tight as a clammakes all other covered pipes look like the Gay Nineties. It’s the smartest thing that’s come through our doors in many years—you’ll agree as soon as you see one. Shown above, No. 33. KAYWOODIE COMPANY Rockefeller Center, New York and London
Deac says 1,000 of these pipes for your selection. H. G. "Deac" REISNER BOOK STORE
In the all-campus golf tournament 78 linkspien qualified for th^ five flights, all first round matches of which have to be played by October 1, In the championship flight W. Knipp and D. L. King were medalists turning in scores of 69.. Matches in the championship and A flights must be played over 18 holes, but in B, C, and D flights the contestants can play an official nine holes, unless by mutual agreement they decide on the full course. A trophy will be awarded to the winner of the first flight and a medal to the runner-up. In the lower brackets victors and runners-up will receive medals. Golf tickets do not carry over from one day to the next and should be bought before going to play. /-A4 Schedules WARD SOFTBALL TodayDiamond 1— Ward 2 vs. Ward 10. 2— Ward 9 vs. Ward 6. 8—Ward 14 vs. Ward 1. 4—Ward 22 vs. Ward 7 6—Ward 11 vs. Ward 27. 6— Ward 18 vb. Ward 4. 7— Ward 16 vs. Ward 8. 8— Ward 3 vs. Ward 26. 9— ^Ward 26 vs Ward 12. 10— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 18. 11— Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 7. 12— Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall 8 18—Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 4. 14—Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 10. 16—Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 12.
TENNIS Today—4 ;16 Stettner vs. Baughman or Karnisky. Buenting vs. Lush. W. J Miller vs. F. Shafer. Schalliol vs. Archibald or Crutchfield. Kirkpatrick vs. Mees. Tweksbury vs. Bryan or Osborne. Murphy vs. Lucht. Lovett vs. Bryan or Wood. Disher vs. Goerss.
With the weather ideal for the national pastime, the varsity and freshman baseball teams continued their combined drill with a practice game last night. The remaining members of last year’s team are being pushed hard for their positions by a crew of sophomore sluggers, and some of the old-timers may be crowded to the sidelines by the second year men when the squad swings into their conference schedule next spring. Smithson still looks good at first base, but a pair of local sophomores, Ridgeway of West Lafayette, and Waterhouse from across the river, will be ready to fill in for Smitty should he start to slump. Second base looms up as a battle between veteran Wayne Hearne and McFarin, another up and coming soph. With Jimmy Thompson, last year’s captain on the sidelines, Keene, Young, and Johnson remain to battle it out for the shortstop position. Felix Mackiewicz overshadows all others at third base, with Kenny Machacek ready to fill in for him at the hot corner. In the outfield, three lefty sophomores again dominate the field of likely prospects to give the veterans Kurtz, Stamm, Vernon, and Yeager a run for their money.
Each Hunter College (in New York City) student spends an average of 1,650 hours riding subways during their four years in college.
PURDUE — NOTRE DAME FOOTBALL EXCURSION *2-1® Round Trip Leave West Lafayette Union Bldg, at 9:30 A. M. Sept. 30 Leave Notre Stadium After Game Reservations Close 6 P. M. Friday Phone 2105
HEAVY LEATH^
hm
§oft M^llotW-Orain Heavy Calfskin
fJouble Soles'
Worn wilii Pride fcy Millions
^7ET the jump on tho weatherman. Utese heavyweights, so soft and supple you're not conscious of the extra protective thickness, are okay to wear any time, yet they're built to keep you snug and comfortable in the roughest weather. WORN WITH PRIDE BY MILLIONS X-RAY FITTING A. B. C. Shoe Co., Inc. 406 MAIN STREET
an express train speedster and in all probability a starter against Notre Dame is shown above stretched out after one of those almost impossible passes. Dave’s well proportioned 6 ft. 2 in. frame combined with 10 second-man speed enables him to cuddle stratospheric passes. This grayhound-type end is going to contribute much to Purdue’s renaissance.
USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
BRUmmELL'' TAKE THE TOUini
# Tho he of the hour ' Burton's Poplin" ,,. talked about DEMANDED by men who want •fyU combined with service A quality fabric in which "Beau Brummell' styling genius has combined both ensemble colors and unusual patterns If you really want ties that tie different treat yourself to several "Burton's Poplins" tcdayl
*122
^loMoh’A
}JUJL
Purdue Is Ready. Watch Out Irish'
By Joe Dolan
Purdue’s football team practiced yesterday afternoon. It wasn’t just another preparation for Notre Dame; it showed something new. The panorama of grid color on Ross-Ade recreation field last night showed that when the banner flutters dark against the midwestem sky this coming Saturday evening, naming the mighty force that holds the fortress after clash and combat in Rockne Stadium, the fall breeze will whip out the folds of Gold and Black—the gonfalon of Purdue. Yes, faith-and-be-jabbers, the Irish and prognosticators are in for
a surprise, Lou Is Ready
Lon Mann, Purdue’s trainer, added a word of assurance to the practice air by informing Brock that Lou’s ankle would permit action against Notre Dame if it continued to respond to treatment as it has. Brock went through signal drills with speed cut down so as to ease his ankle of any strain. Jim Welsch has also recovered from his tackled shoulder, and is expected to throw his drive and power against the best Notre Dame has to offer along with Brock and Byelene. Yerplank Gets Going Another bright spot about the practice showed that Carl Verplank, senior letterman guard, has snapped out of his slight case of “ego La Grippe” and is right back in the first string line with Bussy Bykowski, making as good a guard combination as there is in the country when they are plasnng their best. Purdue has the athletes to defeat Notre Dame. Purdue’s ball players have the experience to know that a “big” reputation like Notre Dame’s is only print deep. All the Boilermakers needed was that Midas touch which would transmdite their touch which would transmute their many elements into one indivisible Notre Dame, and Mai Elward, the finest little fellow that ever dictated the art of the gridiron has provided that touch—the rest remains with the squad—a squad which can outpoint Notre Dame—sure it can.
By Robert J. Deckard To send the Boilermaker football brigade off to the Notre Dame game with the ole pep, vim, vigof, and vitality, 7,000 students strong will gather tonight at seven bells ( on Stuart Field for a corkinghot pep session, which features a parade, bonfire, and music by “Spots” Emrick’s band outfit.
—fc—
Speeches will be made by President Elliott and Coach Elward; Prank Bykowski, left guard, and Ted Hennis, quarterback, will forsake canvas pants for wool serge to take the role as speakers; and cheer, pep, and enthusiasm will be prevalent. Get out your “spirits, youse guys and gals, and join in! Give the lads a whopping sendoff!”
-fc-
Pur-
“Sept. 30—Notre Dame vs.
due. A tie game.”
Personally, we think the nine words above, which appeared in a forecast made by one of Indiana’s most prominent sports writers, are just reeking with stink. The forecast was splattered all over a pretty good sports page in a nearby city.
-fc-
Obviously, it is a matter that concerns press and business. The Irish and Boilermaker institutions are two of the outstanding schools in the state, and gobs of people read this sports page daily. If this authority recognized Purdue as the better team, the Notre Dame fans who peruse this page daily, and buy papers, will immediately stop their subscriptions. The same goes for rabid Purdue boosters who might be “jilted.” ’Tis a shame that such an
IMPROVE YOUR BALLROOM DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS TONIGHT, 7:00 P.M. Latest Dances Taught ALL CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, SEPT. 30 PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
erudite man could not really put down in black and white his prediction for the PU-ND affair! —fc— Wowie, is this office in an uproar! News just came in that the St. Louis Cards, featuring Bill McGee as pitcher, hopped on the Cincinnati Reds, bopped the Rhinelanders by a score of 4 to 0, and prolonged the hot National League baseball race. A win by the Redlegs over the Gas House outfit today will clinch the pennant for the league leaders, their first bunting in 20 years. Health Demonstration This afternoon between 2 and 10 p. m. the educational exhibit and health demonstration of the American United Life Insurance Company will take place at the court house square in Lafayette. All students who are able to go are urged to attend.
The University of Chicago has an endowment fund of $65,400,000.
CARTER’S CURE-WELL 89^
Buy One for Each of Your Desks Complete with . Reservoir Pen
Smooth Writing The pen point is made of wear resisting, stainless, non-corrosive metal. It guarantees smooth, effortless writing. Assorted points. Smart . . . Practical Styled by Carter, the Cube-Well is a welcome addition to all writing desks. Its set-back shape is the last word in modern design.
Complete as Shtnvn
Writes Pages With One Dipping The comb feed, reservoir style pen enables user to write without frequent dipping. Pen If Always Ready To Write An exclusive flow-conlrol valve insures smooth, even flow of ink. It maintains correct pen point ink level in penweU. Just reach for pen and start writing immediately.
5th and Ferry Sts.
Phone Orders Delivered Promptly HAYWOOD’S
Phone 4085V ■ i’-
-^4
-ii'^ p]A
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thui8day« September 28* 1939
Ail Day Youth Forum Opens This Morning In Home Ec Building , This morning opens an all day forum on “Youth in the Home” state conference to be held in the Home Economics auditorium. Dean Mary L. Matthe\AS. state chairman of education, is in charge. The forum has been arranged in cooperation with Mrs. George W. Jacque, of Winchester, president of the Indiana Federation of Clubs. Two parts of the program will be broadcast by WBAA, wdth President E. C. Elliott and Dr. Frank E. Hall of the history department to be heard from 2 o’clock until 2:45, vhile Dr. Fredrick B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied psychology, will speak at 11 a. in. Dr. E. C. Elliott’s talk will be follow'ed by a speech on the European situation by Dr. Hall, Dr. F. B. Knight will discuss the question, “If Not in School—Where?” in the morning session. Registration will take place at 9:30 this morning in the Home Economics building. A luncheon will be
served at noon.
WBAA Initiates Fiying Club, Air Program Today WBAA will sponsor a series of programs beginning today from 1 to 1:15 p. m. featuring the Purdue Flying Club. The programs which will continue every Thursday all semester will take the form of a question and answer program. Interviews of flying club and airport officials will also have a prominent place on the program.
NOTICES
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, September 28, at 4 p. m. in YWCA office in Women’s Lounge. —COOLEY. Orchestra Members: Orchestra rebearsal scheduled for Thursday, September 28, at 7 p. m. has been cancelled because of pep
session.
—EAGAINS.
Fraternity House Managers: There will be a meeting of the frat house managers at the Phi Kappa Psi house Thursday, September 28, at 7 p. m. —COCHRAN.
eludes both executive committee and entire group. Meeting planned for Tuesday, October 3, at 7 p. m. Executive committee call me. —BELLES.
Riding Clnb; Important meeting Thursday, September 28, in room F of the Union. All old and new members please attend. —MEYER,
Camera Club; Meeting in Faculty Lounge .Thursday, September 28, at 7:80 p. in. Poster will present program of projected color pictures, _ —FLETCHER.
Metallurgical Engineers: There will be a free AIME smoker in the Reception room of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, September 28. All Mets are urged to attend this first get-together. —BECKER.
House Presidents’ Council: Meeting Thursday, September 28, at 7 p. m. in room A of the Union. The president, or a representative, from each house of more than six girls and co-ops are urged to attend. —MITCHELL.
Sophomore Union Workers: Important meeting of my committee at 4 p. m. Thursday, September 28, in the Union offices. —CROW.
Sophomore Union Workers: Our committees meet in the Personnel Office in the Administration building any time after 1 p. m.
for addressing Dad’s Day News. (9-29) —BENNETT, HOFFER
A. S. C. E.: First meeting will be held Thursday, September 28, at 7:30 p. m. in loom 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. Principal speakers will be Professor Wiley mer as consultant for the Chicago subways, and Professor Ellis. Professor Ellis will speak in connection with his work this sum—McCAMMON.
Glider Club: Open meeting Friday, September 29, at 7 :15 p. m. in room F of the Union- —MILLER.
Wesley Players: Five more men are needed for parts in the peace play, "If This Bo Treason.” Second tryouts Thursday, September 28, at 8:80 p. m. All men who tried out Tuesday should come to the first reading Friday, September 29, at 7:30. —McFADDEN.
Sophomore Union Workers; There will be an important Airplane Club staff meeting Thursday at 5 p. m. in room F. If any of the following are unable to attend please see me before the meeting: R. B. Adams, R. Demargo, F. Hugh, C. W. Kennedy, R. W. Raney, W. C. Sweeney, Meredith Kirkpatrick, Olive Metzger, Evelyn Bromiley. —BRODD.
WAA Members: Archery practice on green in front of Executive building at 4 p. m. on Mondays and Thursdays. —CASE.
Purdue Outing Club: Open meeting Monday, October 2, at 5 ;30 p m. in front of Memorial Gym There will be a small charge for the supper which will be held at WAA cabin Those wishing to go call Marjorie Ward, 41111 or George Shawkins, 65714 before Saturday evening. All interested in hiking are invited to attend. —WARD.
Swimmers: There will be a reception for all men interested in swimming and water polo teams Friday, September 29, at 7 :30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. Upperclassmen and freshmen are urged to attend. Swimming talks, movies and refreshments will be in order. All wishing^ to attend sign lists at Union desk or swimming pool office by Wednesday evening. —HARRIS.
Reamer Pledge Committee: Meeting Wednesday, September 27, at 7 p. m. in PIA office. Meeting Thursday, September 28, at 7 p. m. in the same place. —KROEPLIN.
Gimlet Members: Have limited number of football tickets Act now and pay on line. (9-29) —PERRIN. Bowling: All men interested in forming a bowling league meet in room C of the Union Tuesday, October 3, at 4 p. m. Election of officers and formation of teams will take place. —STUCKEY.
Exponent Workers: The following sophomores are to work as hereby assigned; Lynn, Monday: Pickett, 'Tuesday: Lannon and Novey, Wednesday ; Mezger, Thursday ; Carpenter and Bollwinkel, Friday: and Purcell, Saturday. —FRED Scrivener Club: Important meeting in Scrivener office at 7:16 p. m. Thursday, September 28. —SPRINGGATE-
Union: Important meeting of the music room staff Thursday, September 28, at 4 p. m. in Union office. —TILT
Agricultural Education Society: Meeting and smokei Thuisday, September 28, postponed because of the pep session. —BREWER.
Some University of Louisville buildings originally housed a juvenile reform school.
Christian Student Fellowship Hour: Meeting in room C of the Union Friday, September 29, at 7 p. m. Rev. Ainslie will be the speaker. —BURBRINK.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting changed to 7 p m. Thursday, September 28, in the Women’s Lounge of the Union. —COOLEY.
Skull and Crescent: No meeting Thursday, September 28, as announced. This in
Classified Ads ROOMS FOR RENT ROOMS—Two singles, one double. ?9.00 and $12 00. lllVj East Oak. 3739.
E. E. SENIOR wants roommate. Vacancy created by senior leaving school. Large room, single bed Across fiom Union. 405 State. 7233.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Dalaker and Hartig the Calculus — in Armoiy—Reward. Harold Edwin Cook. 248 Carv Hall West.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Harley-Davidson 74 JD motorcycle completely rebuilt, new tires and battery, no dents, spill bars, new paint, saddle-bags, sheepskin seat, all latest model parts and equipment, special lights. Must sacrifice for $60.00 immediately. Russ McCrea, 103 University St. Phone 7026. FOR SALE—’28 Harley-Davidson single cylinder motorcycle. Must sell. $40.00 460 N. Grant. FOR SALE — Harley-Davidson ’35—74 saddle bag, wheel straps, good condition, $210. 229 Fowler Ave., phone 61153.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoffi, 606 Main Street.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Florists
• School Supplies
Dorner^s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Frofessioreal
• Jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19’/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBAGH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Dial 4073
F^INE CLEa’nERS OF FINE CLOT h"E S
>1