.ii'
«!• } ♦
wiirm liM.iM'iWi"
■■ttWKW^lipJWMKaWlP^
SEE PAGE TWO For Editorial On J. Skinner
11 ■'
BASEBALL GAMi !; Opens Gala Week Ji; Sports Tomorrow
Established 1889
Daily Since 1906
Munie 53/No. 181
mim
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, April 30,
Breese Will Play Here Tomorrow Lou Breese and his “breezy rhythm” will be the featured attraction at the last mixer of the semester to be held tomorrow evening from 8:30 to 11:30 in both ballrooms of the Union. Breese was born in New York City and studied violin and harmony at the New England Conservatory of Music. ^Early in his career he traveled to — London with the Paul Specht orchestra and remained there to lead an orchestra at the famous, Kit-Kat Club. Upon his return lo this country, Breese formed his own band and began to play in large cities all over the coun-
try.
Played at Chez Paree Breese is best known for his extended stay at the Chez Paree Club in Chicago, where he reached the "name band” classification. He originally entered the Chez Paree for a four week engagement and re'mained there for one full year. While in Chicago Breese worked with Sophie Tucker, Joe E. Lewis, Harry Richman, Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy, Tony Martin, Morton Downey, the late Helen Morgan, Paul Draper, Gertrude Neisen, Benny Fields and Lew Hotlz. Breese has played at an average of ninety Black Bay debutante parties during each season around Boston and has established himself as “Prom King” by playing for dances at Harvard, Yale, Dartmouth, M.I.T., Groton and Andover. Sang With Jan Garber Bai’ry Warren, who is the featured soloist with Lou Breese, is only twenty years of age, but he has already distinguished himself in the musical field. When he was still in high school in Chicago, he was engaged as soloist with the Jan Garber orchestra then playing at the Blackhawk. He left Garber ip order that he might finish school, but he sdbrt began with Joe Reichman’s orchestra in the Empire Room of the Palmer House. In addition to this he found time to undertake singing jobs at the NBC and CBS studios in Chicago and just to keep busy he also organized and directed a singing act of six boys and a girl. Breese appeared at the University in October, 1940, when he played for the homecoming festivities. Tickets for the dance will sell at the regular mixer price of $1.10 per couple.
Registration For Gala Week
Sigma Delta Chi Navy To
To Honor Hass, Hunt Flying Boilermaker
Tonight At Banquet Squadron Sunday Beg! HS TomOrrOW MomiltQ
Musical Groups University Will Honor
Present Program Seniors, Returning Alumni
LOU BREESE, who will play tomorrow night for the last name-band mixer of the season.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jouimalism fraternity, will hold a banquet in the east faculty lounge of the Union at 6:30 tonight to honor Dr. Henry B. Hass and Prof. Herschel Hunt, Leather Medal and Best Teacher Award winners for
this year.
Attending the banquet, at which John Traugott will be toastmaster, will be the winners of the Leather Medal during the 21 years it has been awarded, the Best Teacher Medallion winners and other faculty, staif members and students selected because of their interest in good teaching. In place of an afterdinner speaker, a forum on good teaching principles and methods will follow the meal. Various phases of teaching will be discussed, such as the relationship that should exist between the studeiit and the instructor, adaptation of methods to summer conditions, student honesty and current campus attitudes as they affect teaching methods.
Seniors
Attention of all candidates for graduatioii next Sunday is callfifl to^thc fact that reserved seat tickets for ; thc exercises in the Hall of Musi|; must be presented at the lower lobby entrances between 2 and 2:40 p.m. Tickets will not be honored after 2:40 p.m. In case of rain Sunday afternoon, candidates for graduation will assemble as now designated in the Women’s Gymnasium at 2:10 p.m. Plans have been made, in the event of rain, to move the lines directly to the Hall of Music through the Band entrance at rear of building. AH candidates should provide themselves in case of rain with raincoats to protect the gowns. Wet gowns would look badly and would ruin the upholstery on the seats in the Hall of Music. Arrangements have been made to care for the raincoats in' the band practice rooms during the exercises. Here’s for Sunshine and the procession! Committee on Commencement
Exercises.
At Last Rites Today Funeral services for Dr. John Harrison Skinner, dean emeritus of the School of Agriculture who died suddenly Tuesday following a heart attack, will be held in the Central Presbyterian Church this afternoon at 3 with the Rev. W. R. Graham officiating. Burial will be in Grand
View Cemetery.
The active and honorary pallbearers will be largely University staff members Virith whom Dean Skinner was closely associated throughout his career at the University. Active pall bearers will be E. C. Young, Warren MeVey, Fay Gaylord, C. F. Gobble, T. R. Johnston, and V. C. Freeman. Honorary pall bearers will include President E. C. Elliott, Frank Hockema, David E. Ross, R. B. Stewart, H. J. Reed, A. A. Pottei’, M. L. Fisher, W. R. McQueen, R. C. Eisenbach, D. D. Ewing, W. A. Knapp, L. E. Hoffman, G. A. Young, Laurenz Greene, C. S. Doan, P. R. Edgerton, and F. C. King.
Second annual “Flying Boilermakers” air squadron will be inducted into the Navy in conjunction with the University’s sixty-eighth annual Commencement on, Sunday afternoon, May 3. OfiScers from Naval Reserve headquardiers in Chicago will conduct the cei’emony and will arrive in Lafaygtte that morning. Activities for the day will begin with a luncheon at the Union Building, which will be attended by Captain John C. Fremont, Director of Naval Officer Procurement, and Ensign Robert L. Childs, member of the Naval Aviation Cadet Selection
Board for this area. Introduce Guests
This will be followed by an introduction of the platform guests in the office of the president of the Uni.versity Dr. Edward C. Elliott. The officers and distingidshed visitors will then proceed to the Music Hall for the commencement exercises and the induction cei’emony which will follow the awarding of commissions in the Field Artillery Officers’ Re-
serve Corps.
The ceremony will begin with a brief address by Captain Fremont to the thirty members of the “Flying Boilermakers” squadron. Ensign Childs will then administer the oath of induction into the United States
Navy.
Train At Glenview James Miller and Thomas Melton, football co-captains, Don Powers, Exponent business manager, Robert Kersey and D. C. Adams, basketball squad will be members of the squadron. In a few weeks the squadron will begin training as a unit with preliminary schooling at the Naval Reserve air base at Glenview, 111. This preliminary period will be followed by an intensive program.of secondary flight instruction at one ' of the Naval air schools at Jacksonr vllle, Pensacola, or Corpus Christi, Texas. Graduation from one of these schools brings the Naval air cadet a commission as an ensign in the United States Aviation Reserve. Assignment to active duty with the United States Navy Air Force fol-
lows.
Book Exchange To Receive Texts
All of the University musical organizations will combine for a special program to be held in the Hall of Music at 8 Saturday evening. Although the program is being presented primarily for Gala Week alumni and parents of graduating seniors, it will be open to the public. Tickets may be obtained at the doors of the Hall of Music which will open at 7:15 p.m. Taking part in the program will be the Symphonic Band, University Orchestra, Men’s Glee Club, University Choir, and Concert Choir. This appearance will mark the last time this year that all five of«thq organizations will be featured on the same
program.
Wood To Solo Numbers by the band, under the direction of Prof. P. S. Emrick, will include the “Light Cavalry Overture,” a medley overture of “War Songs of 1861,” the “1812 Overture,” and ^‘Arise Arnerica,” a patriotic anthem written by Prof. Emrick. Sgt. James Wood will be the soloist for the rendition of “Arise America.” Choirs, Glee Club Combine The two choiig and Glee Club will combine for a presentation of “Cavalcade of Ameincan Songs” with William Kennedy as narrator. Other selections will include “Donkey Serenade” and “The Lord’s Prayer” by the Concert Choir; “Oberon Overture” by the Orchestra; “All Through the Night” and “Ole Man River” by the Glee Club; and “Send Forth Thy Spirit” by the University Choir.-. The conclusion to the program will be the singing of “The Daniel Webster Collect for Americans” by the combined choirs and' Glee Club, accompanied by the Or-
chestra.
Soloists will include Maryin Smith, tenor, Alberta Schmadel, soprano, Joseph Richards, bass, and Jack Silvers, tenor. Joan Lloyd will accompany the choirs' and Dave Simpson will play for the Glee Club. Albert P. Stewart will direct the Glee Club and choirs and Joseph M. Ragains will lead the orchestra.
Five Coeds Receive
,Pan-Hel
PEM 12 Exams Will Start Tonight In Health Service
Physical examinations for students requesting exemption froin the required course in “Physical Preparedness,” PEM 12, during the summer session will be conducted in the Student Health Service tonight and tomorrow at 7 p. m. Professor F. Ri Eastwood, of the physical 9 d u c a t i o n department, stated that no exemptions from the course can be granted to students who do not submit to the examinations on either night. This required course is recognized as a hon-tech-nical elective credit in all University schools and divisions. All students registered in the course are required to maintain, a passing grade in order to fulfill graduation requirements and these grades are also considered in establishing the grade point index. List Exemptions Arrangements for exemptions other than those due to physical deficiencies must be made with Prof. Eastwood in Room 110 of the Fieldhouse. According to University ruling, all sophomores, juniors and graduate stufients, unless exempted by the Health Service, are required to take the PEM 12 course. Exemptions include those who are not citizens of the United States, special or part-time students who are taking seven credit hours or less, members of the full-time teaching staff of the University who arc taking graduate work, and graduate students who arc registered for advanced degrees only during the summer term. Prof. J.H. Hilton ... of the dairy husbandry department, is attending the National Brown Swiss Type School at Beloit, Wisconsin, today and tomorrow.
AIMS
Dr. F. N. Andrevis Saturday At
. . . announces the election of the following officers: Willis L. Shalliol, pi’csident; Max 1. Bearrl, vice-presi-dent and program chairman; Stephen M. Bakalyar, secretary; David C. Heckard, treasurer; and Prof. J. F. Eckel, faculty sponsor.
... of the Animal Husbandry department, is, with V. A. Rice of Massachusetts' State College, the co-au-thor of a new edition of the textbook, “Breeding and Improvement of Farm Animals.” The book is published by McGraw Hill Book Co.
By Wilias Vermilion The onl.y recognized medical library in this vicinity is found in St. Elizabeth’s Hos])ital in Lafayette. This, the Memorial Library is the realization of a dream of the late Dr. William R. Moffitt who willed his valuable medical works and a goodly .sum of mone.y to the hospital for the library now established. The plans for this library were, laid in January, 1941, but it was in March that the nucleus was formed. At the time of the opening Dr. Flack was the president of the hospital staff. The Librai’y Committee was composed of Dr, Ira Cole, chairman, Dr. Vanbuskirk, Dr. Ikins and Sister Vera, hospital superihtendent. It was under the able direction of these ,peo|)le that the Medical Libi’ary was put on its feet. Stuff l'’ounds Library The founding of the library was due mainly to the mohey left by Di’. Moffitt which went for a bronze plaque in memory of the deccasetl staff members and to buy stacks for the books. At the present time the doctors of the hospital are responsible for the development and are giving Sister Renata, librarian, their fullest cooperation-. The generous contributions of these doctors have increased the number of books from one-thousand to three-thous-and and medical journals subscribed to from seven to seventy-seven during the past year. In this time they have contributed well over twelve
hundred dollars in books and equipment. Of the entire library, the only thing not contributed by staff members is the floor. Library Serves Students, Being the only I’ecognized medic.'il library in this vicinity, it serves all the doctors for miles around. The records, kept by Sister Renata, show that the library serves, on the average, 105 doctors a month. However, the Medical Librai’y is not for doctors alone. Medical and pre-medical students from the University and Indiana University, lawyers, student nurses, teachers and many others Interested in the fields of medicine and surgery are frequently found in the stacks. Dr. Vanbuskirk is the present chaii'inan of the Library Committee and is doing fine Work as is shown by the addition of a separate room for a patient’s library. Books from this are circulated among the patients without charge and twice weekly the librarian makes the rounds to see what books arc wanted. The credit for the success of the library goes to the original and jiresent committees, to the staff members who have contributed greatly and especially to Sister Renata who is a registered medical librarian, has seen that the library was kept up to date in the matter of card catalogues, classifications and other duties of her office.
Student Book Exchange, non-pro-fit enterprise conducted by the Student Union and the Student Senate, will begin receiving books Saturday morning at 10 in the Union office, room 368 of the Union. Receiving will continue until 5 Saturday afternoon and will be resumed at 10 Monday morning in the South ball-
room.
According to Bob Seeburger, chairman of the Board of Control, only textbooks on a list checked and approved by all the schools of the University will be received by the exchange. No book will be received at a price exceeding 75 percent of its original retail value. The sale of books will start Tuesday morning and continue for about two weeks. Textbooks may be placed on sale at any time that the exchange is operating, but it is advisable to bring books in as soon . after May 2 as possible. The Board of Control, headed by Seeburger, is composed of the following’ per.sons: Harry Hudson, secretary and cashier; John Osborne, book receiving manager, assisted by Ruth Frier; Dottie Weber, book selling manager, assi.sted by Betty Hutchihs; Dottie Anne Canfield, records manager, assisted by Marion Siegler; Jim Reeves, equipment manager, assisted by Dale Kiester. Gene Katterjohn is the publicity manager and Mary K. Gee and Will Hiller are the personnel managers. Mrs. F. D. Brooks . . . Schenectady, N..Y., formerly of West Lafayette, will leave for her home tomoi'roW after spending several days here as the guest of Mrs. Ruth Riley of West Lafayette. Mr.'Brooks foi’inerly was a member of the Purdue Poultry Department bu^t has been eastern representative of a feed manufacturing’ company for sevex’al years.
Dr. J.H. Martin . . . head of the poultry depart.rnent, will be in Danville, Illinois, tomorrow to discuss with executives of Consolidated Products Company research programs with milk products and possibilities of research assistantships. Prof. C. W. Carrick, also of the poultry department, will
accompany him.
Celebrating the 73rd birthday of the University and the gi'aduation of its 68th class, Gala Week will open its festivities tomorrow morning. The a,nnual affair will honor graduating seniors and anniversary alumni groups, returning to the cahapus for fifty, thirty-five, and twenty-five years after their
graduation.
Registration of Alumni, who are expected to visit the campus from all over the country, will begin tomorrow morning in the Union to officially open the week-end of varied and plen- ——^ — ^ tiful events. Other events Of
the day will include an informal luncheon, open house demonstrations, and the opening game of a University-Ohio
State baseball series. “P” Men Receive Blankets
Lou Breese and his “breezy rhythm” orchestra will provide music at the annual Gala Week Mixer tomorrow night, and Coach Dick Papenguth will present his swimming carnival “Galacade” in the Fieldhouse pool. Preceding the Mixer and the Galacade, the annual lettermen’s banquet ■will be held in the Union. Seniors will receive their
“P” blankets at the banquet.
A full progi’am on Saturday will permit the Gala Week celebrants to choose attendance at any of their &- vorite sports. Baseball, track, fdotr ball, and golf teams representing the University will participate.
Fire 73 Gun Salute
Preceding the frosh-varsity,.foot-ball game In the stadium at 3 p. m., the ROTC will fire a 73'gun birthday salute to the Universi^j.np.d,.. Alumni will gather on the ovallme the traditional class parade to tto
stadium.
The annual alumni banquet Witt be held as a fitting climax to urday’s events. James W. Noelj 'sh 1892 graduate celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of his class, and Ward “Piggy” Lambert will be honored at the banquet. Noel ■will bc honored for his service to the University as a raeniber of the Board; of Trustees since 1917. Lambert vipi receive honors due him celebra^iilil (See GALA WEEK, page 4y * Lt.Col.KunishToTalk
Mary Walz, Carlista Creel, Mrs. Jane Stamm, Evelyn Schuber, and Gloria Niemayer i have each been awarded Gold Pepper and Pan-hel-lenic scholarships of fifty dollars. 'They wei’O chosen from a list of fourteen applicants on the basis of scholarship, service To the Univer-
sity, personality, and need.
A committee composed of Dean Dorothy Stratton, dean of women; Dean M. L. Fisher, dean of men; Irene Feldt, head of the Placement Service for Women; Betty Erick, chairman of Gold Pepper Scholastic committee; Jane Ballard, new president of Pan-hellenic Council; Harriet Simons, new president of Gold Peppers; and Mary . Ellen Scarff, retiring president of Gold
Peppex’s, made the selections.
Scholax’ships will be available the "beginning of the summer semester and -will aid the girls in continuing their work in the University. All the winners are juniors. Miss Walz is, enx'olled in the science school. Miss Creel and Miss Schuber in the home economics school and Mrs. Stamm and Miss Niemeyer are in the phar-
macy school.
Debris Distribution Will Continue Today, Tomorrow In Union Debris distribution will be continued in the Debris business office, from 4 to 6 today and tomorrow. According to Steve Minton, seiiior business manager, the present supply of purchasable books is now exhausted and those who still want to buy a copy may add their names to the waiting list on file in the bus-
iness office.
'Recreation - Work'
. . . Dr. Alma Long's photograph of the puttering shops, ■was the first prize winner in the miscellaneous classification of the University's annual camera club exhibition which is now on display in the Union music room. During GaJa Week, the show will be moved Into the second floor corridor leading to the music room. Other prizes have been awarded to George Towle, C. W. Hayward, Fred Cordua and ). C, Osborne. A special section of the exhibit space was reserved for the work of the late Prof. C. F. Harding who had five photographs in preparation for entry in the competition at the time of his death.
Last night at 7:45 over W;BAA lit. Col. L. L. Kunish, Air Base HekiL quartex’s, Langley Field, Virgilli*, gave the first of a series of talks tO the students concerixing the Ax’my Air Force Enlisted Eeseifi^ Corps program. This plan provided for a deferred sex’vice status for tbe college student until after graduklion if the student is able to ttkihtain a passing average in his SUb-' jects. Lt. Col. Kunish will also address tlxe students today at the weekly screen x’eview on this plan. He will introduce Captain H. C. Smelzer who has recently x’etuxmed ftoXA Java. Captain Sinelszer will relaliii some of his experiences in the. JAva campaign and in conjunction 'with these talks a screen feature, “Fight- ’ cr Pilots,” will be shown. Kunish will speak at 3 and at 4:16. All male students are urged to; be present at the “Screen Review” gram today at either 3 to 4:16.'or 4:15 to 5:30 to learn the many tures of this officers training gram. Application blanks and fujt information regarding Aviation GA* rlet Training may be obtained iri the Adjutant's Office, Armory. '' Also included in the “Scx’een Rttr view” this afternoon will be “IfC'wb of the Day” at 3:00 and 4:28, Bt. Col. Kunish at 3:03 and 4:31,“lttr formation Please No. 3” at 3:18 ahtt 4:46, “Flicker Memories” (A Sinith short) at 3:28 and 4^6^ “Fighter Pilot" at 3:38 and 6^, “Ice Cappei's” at 3:49 and “Peppy Songs” (A Cornnigi!d% Sing) at 3:59 nd 5:27, “Yqur Act” (A “Passing Parade” fea.tijA|ft]) at 4:09 and 5:^7, and “A nian’s Gentleman” (A Disney toon) at 4:20 and 5:48J . L
ll ■11 <!.^ft^ ^ ^ ^'> ■■■"■ ;3
' i p
f
‘^rT ^ R V f ^
Exponent Editorial And Feature Page Thursday^ April 30, 1942
Purdue Exponent
All-American 1940-'41
Offices Editorial and Business, Pimlue Memorial Pmofi, Phone 4005 Sports, Eicldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m, 5377
editor in->Uiirf Jfioirs hditor MenaRini; fiditnr VeiHms!! W<tnas«r rir«ilBlinn Hnnaper Coed Editor
. lolin t AmoR Don T Urophy John H Armslronn William D Millard Ken K Gjcmrc Alice Chalficid
Publication Staff
, ArrocibIc Editora editorial Stair R w D winkle D E Rut? W G Hoakins A P Hunter O W Ocl Itrcc W E Rafcrt SporlR Staff P 1 Bit Mr J S Duwbon E L Karpick R W Knegci Coed Staff Sally Btall CharluUe Hass Jean Laucr Dons PickormK
Business Staff
Coed Bnsincss Manager Julia Martin Advertising Managers J M Wright D L Johns Circulation Manager C H Klouman Accounts Manager Trena Torrenga Junior Coed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Eeim
Day Editor Lguer Night Editor Ochiltree
Workers Parsons Wilbur
Staff For This Issue ls3uc £ditor Blackburn Sports Bditor Brewer Goode Ford Thompson
Entered m second class matter at the post office in Latay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and 4tt the spcual rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published daaiy exc^t Monday during the regular acodemic year and weekly during the summer Session 'Delivered locally by car net for $3 50 per year mail subscriptions $4 00
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 42< Madison Ave New York N Y
Break With Vichy
Dean Skinner
Lditor b Note Ihe following is repimted from jeifterdaj mornings Indianapolis Star
Dr John H Sltinnei dean emeiitus ol Puidue Unuei&ity’s school ol agiiculiuie, hat. been a benefactoi not onh ol this state and geneiation but those v\ho will come attei us fheie IS no waj to measuic the influence of such a life and capacity as his It can be estimt’ted in a most general way Dr Skinner contributed much to the progrc'-s of animal hjsbandry and to the bcttciment of agricul fuM ills ]if( work was detoted to the ad-
\ inccmcnt ot agncultme the benefits
which will continue indetinitcly in the futuic Dr Skinner who died suddenly yesteiday while he wa^ Msiting one oi the unneisitv s o^peiimeDtal faims, was giaduated from |*Hrdue in 1897 He spent a yeai on the tac
of Illinois University and toi 40 yeais
Iiad l^n active in the affaiis ot Puidue as an
1 (Continued on p igt 4)
of
<^mSIIKKlH MUtW-dd-RdOHD
By Drew Pearson and Robcrl S. Allen
Filibuster Prevents Labor Leaders from Discussing Ban On Wage Increases
During this past week the United States moved farther towaid a definite break with the Vichy-Uiench than it has since the fall of Fiance moie than 20 months ago The letuin of Laval to powei after the United States had lust le-established amicable relations with Fiance staited this movement about two Wrecks ago Admiral Leahy our ambassador to Vichj, was called home at that time and all Americans whose business was not vital weie told to lea've the country immediately During this past week oui army occupied the Free French island of New Caladoma Vichy promptlj sent a protest They still seemed to feel the land was thens although they were not in control of it The protest was Ignored President Roosevelt dealt the hardest blow to the relationship night before last when he said, speaking of Fiance “We are now concerned lest those who have recently come to power may seek to force the biave French people to submission to Nazi despotism The United Nations will take mea suies, if necessaij, to prevent tbe use of Flench tciiitoiy m any part of the woild for mihtaiy purposes by the axis powers ” This stiffening in attitude towaid Vichy is w^elcome, indeed Oui allies, the British and aU of then dominions except Canada have long since broken relations with the puppet regime now controlling Fiance This government has conveniently turned its head while Fiance allowed Germany to send mateiial and men through the country to Africa, turned over Indo-Chma to Japan and sold ships to the Japs Hardly acts of a friendly nation, are they‘d The excuse for this attitude has been that France might actively join Germany and turn over her na\y to the Nazis Had France sided with Hitler eaihei in the battle, it is likely that factions such as the army in Africa which was controlled by Maxime Weygand would have revolted and become Free French As it IS Fiance has slowly been consolidating and iemo\ing elements fiom high positions which weie favorable to the allies so that Germany collaboration has become a fact instead of just something to wonder about The British seem not to tear Fiench col laboration or the Fiench na\y If they, who are neai, don’t, why should we be such timid souls T’he time has past for this country to dawdle and fret about what might happen French Dakar is onlv 1,800 miles from the coast of Brazil The Fiench may well cede Madagascar to the Japs as they did Indo China The time has come to break relations with Vichj and in a «mg]e sweep occupy French territory which is near this country oi its wai routes DEB
® Petty Politics
« Good Neighbors
Ihc loipcdocd Aigcntinc tinlci Victoiia th ji ijlc' hci ncuticiht^ with no less than six diteS piinlcd on InidoC bides ind stem Ytt the N i/ib went toi hei Some time iftei U S tne liee/ing i bhipment ol tiieb aiiived in Biazil fi oin I iveipool on tlie Out ibli sto imei laplaee Cuatemila lias o tie v 1 de poi tatic n ot 22 Axis agents Also she w ould lil e tt e port 75 000 bas.& ot eoftte piled up it Pueito B i no with no shipping in sight the Biitish hive pu ehased the entue fau,,ai ciop ol the Dominican Re))ub he Laboi tioiibles in the Potosi mines high m tl e Bolivian Andes ai^ expeeted to eause a deeline in tin expoits to U S Aigentina is easting une i j „laneeb at deliveiy ol U S planes and othci imi meiit to neighboi Uiugua\ But Uiuguay has heaitilj sLippoited the demoeiatie bloc
9 LaFollette^s Waistline
Dll'mg to "Oil the othei moining a Capitol news man s}Ied a lamiliai figuie hooting it and pulled up a!on,,side Caie toi a lift Stnatoi ' he offeiecl No thanks leplied Sen itoi Bob LaFollette of y 1 eonbin eheeiilj I need the exeieise Im tiying to leduee mj waistline The lepoitei diove on Ailiving at a heaiing of the Sen iLe P itents Committee the newsman louiid Sen iLoi llomei Bone eo nmitlee ehaiiman somewhat i,,itated it s about tune to l)i„in eomplaiiied Bom but a quoi uni ol the eoinmitlee isn t pieseiil 1 woiitki what lias happened to Senatoi Lai olli (te lit o usually OI e oi (Ik ill si hpie ill 1 )oitti held I wliis]Jeied eonsultition with Bone iJlei whieli the tiiiloi t illed tl]e htai iii„ to oi del Ue will jnoeecd 'vithout i quoi um announeed Bopf. with a misthievous twinkle in his eje But I want it to go in the teeoid that this healing has been held up lij Senatoi Lai ollette waistline (Copyiight 1942 1 y United 1 iatuie Syndieate Iiit )
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lidity
WASHINGTON Apiil 29—APL and CIO chiefs sometimes called the Pi esident s ‘laboi cabinet tiled to put the heat on him at the White House last week to stave off the ban on wage boosts But they nevei had a chance The President pulled a chaim filibustei on them—a favoi ite Roosevelt tactic when he wants to avoid talk mg about something Apparently the President figured the laboi leaders would make a final attempt to block tjie paj fipeze So he launched his filibustei as soon as CIO president Philip Murray walked in, by jirevious arrangement 10 minutes ahead of the other meinbeis of the joint com mittee Whatever Muiiay intended to say he nevei had the remotest chance The President immediately staited talking about New Yoik politics and what he desciibed as the ‘ col oiful eaicei of Lieut Gov Charles Poletti This took up nine of the 10 minutes allotted to Miu lay Then befoie he could bieak in the President said Well Phil I guess its time to call in the othei boys I know you don t want to keep them waiting That ended that So Round I went to the Pi esident by a big maigin
Coeds To Compete In Annual Billhfd Contest May 10
IHURSDAY
0 55 10 to 10 16 10 10 10 66 11 00 11 16 11 30 11 45 11 50 11 55 12 00 12 30 12 55
^ Rcfi U S pa Off
00 15 30 45 55 00 2 16 2 30 2 45 2 55 3 00 3 15 30
• Round Two Roosevelt took Round II by the same filibustei ing tactics and by the same wide maigin Again after the laboriles had been seated and amenities had been exchanged he launched immedi atelj into a discussion of politics and politicians and kept this up in his most entertaining vein foi most of the hour allotted to the conference Then he pointedly ended the meeting by lemaiking Well boys I guess its time foi lunch The disconceited laborites had to take the hint Bet as they lose to go Muiiay made one last attempt to laise the wage fieezmg issue Ml Pi esident he said aie you goin^, to issue an oidei to the Wai Labor Boaid not to giant iny fui thei wage increases'' Coding his cigarette holder at a bieezy angle the Pi esident answered with a broad grin Well Phil I haven t said that I 'vill and I haven t said that I w on tj A^nd that s all the laboritcs weie able to get out of him
“I’ll just write Mr Henderson in Washington and have him put a puce ceiling on your thumb ’
4 45
University Calendar
Thursday, April 30
8 00 —County Agents Meeting
1 a t r leulty Loun,,e
Union
H ill ot Music
o 00 PM—Seieen Pevic'V
4 00 PM^—Puidue Zouave Squad Picnic 7 oO PM—Chiistnii Student Uellowship Room 307 Union 7 30 PM—P I A Cnoius liwei Union 7 oO PM-—Tipp CoLiity Better Hones Pio,iam looms 55 ind 6j Uii
it n
Coed Reviews Winter Activities
4 60 4 55 6 00 6 30 6 45 5 5t) () 00 b ^0 C 45 b o5 7 >0 7 55 8 00 8 30 8 lo 8 65 0 00 0 56 10 06
News The Cuiio Man Music Listen While You Woik News Federated Clubs Music Parent Teacher Association Music Puidue News News Agricultural Forum Meet the Band News Parents Poium Souvenirs Science Review Mail ets News Story a Day The Apothecaiy Music Tieasuie Chest News Music Afternoon Melodics Musical Round Up News Tea Tune Tunes Heard in the Hallway Music The Cuiio Man Music News Iu'=;t Rel i\ Vespers Little Miss Miiflett Newo Dinner Horn Sundiv School Con cntion News Music News Stoiy Behind Music Ml Dextei—singer F\ entide I chocs New s Musieana News Oil the An
Local coed billiard contest part of an annual nation wide touina ment will be held here on May 10 under the promotion of Charles C Peterson, president of the Natmoal Billiard Association The procedure of the contest will be as follows at the same hour of the same day coeds from umvei^sities all over the countiy will play, and the results will then be sent by ag mail to a cf'ntially located sprt, which will probably be Cornell this year Piank Whitney will teach all coeds who aie interested in learning to play Those coeds interested in learning or practicing should go to the Union billiard room Peterson who is promoting this contest now gives billiard exhibi tions in the army camps Since 1931 he has sponsored contests similar to this contest He has visited campus once Ol twice a year for the last 14 years to instruct without charge anyone who is interested m billiaids
Behind the scenes theie was moie to this incident th in a maneuver to aver t an unwcleome discussion Actually it was the climax to a giowin" i esentment 111 White House qruitcis at the shoitsighted attitude of the laboi chiefs towaid the ^.lave inflation sit lation and then persistent piaetiee of playing petty polities on inipoitant appointments aflcetin^ then own inter ests 'V gi iphie illustration was then iceommciulation of AVendell Lund little known executive duectoi of the Michigan State Unemployment Compensation Com mission ioi appointment as he id ol the leoiganized I aboi Production Dnision ot the War Production Board For months the AFL and CIO Inve been loudly de niandin-, moie labor paiticipation in the ' u ma ehineiy The I aboi Production Division is of the ut most importance to laboi But when it cime to pro posing r chief of this key labor ie,ency the laboritcs did not offei the name of a laboi man Bee ruse of pcisoiial lealousies and pett pei onal politic-, they passed over such outstanding,, pioduetion expelts as Robeit Watt AFL head of tlie Intel na tional Labor Office Clint Golden biriny head of the CIO Steel Woikeis oi Walter Reuthei dynamic jouii^ vice pi esident of the Auto Woikeis Instead the politics playiUt, labor moguls got to t,ethei on Lund alrwyei w ith ' ei y limited mdusti lal expclienee ind no knp'vledce at all of the 'vai pioduc tion piogiam Around the White flousc it is no seeiet th i the President rs t,etting awfully fed up with tins 1 md of labor statesmanship Note When John L I ewis heaid that Mm ray ant! AA illiam Green had pioposed I und he lumbled In ‘IX months they 11 wish Ihtj had Hillni in b ick
Of YWCA Interest" Groups Women's Dinner Club
By Ruth I Old YWCA will start its un iiiei schedule with i intraltiship di \c beoinnii at legistiation Ai that time old mcmbxih mav lenew ritm beiship and new niemlds may ] iin To euTniinate the membtiship dine a Saddle Shoe Tea will be given on May 20 to introduce the fieslimen toA-WCA Membeis ai c plinmr ti make the tea an annual iffaii On June 13 sc'eral cabinet nein beis and officers will attend the u nual eonfeicnce held at Lake Ge neva in Michi ri Lamp C ei e i is the national camp which linl *' loc il clubs with the national oi,,ani/i tion YWCA pioblems are d seiissed at these meetings Club Divides Into Groups In keeping with the local pin poses of YWCA which is to piovide an op poitunity for personal development as the individual coiiti bution to the YWCA piogiam for the growth of fiiendships and for eieatin,, in awaieness oi world pioblems — YWCA this year has piovided iiitei esting piogiams foi its nienibeis The club was divided into two „en cial giOLips inteiests and commit tees Committee groups did oiliec and publicity woik while the intei est section w is f ii thcr livi led i to eiaft soei il stiviee leli ion eui rent events and jei on ilitj „ioLps Ihe lel 1 )us i iq u\uwed le ligiou I o! s ai d il CL s cd I e 1 lOL d cti me w 1 !o t !i i u rent eve its loiq he 11 11c lei i sLu lents ‘i il 1 ut tl 11 ytu e e L lit les The eui I cut e\ ei t i oup ponsoied
a speech ly Mrs Mildi d I iteli tl the ,^oveinmcni ind eecn mic le pa tment in AVale I Ian 1 Piofe sor Dss'v lid Speaks The ciatt loupwoil d with tlie Putte III Slop A ebuni elinie w is sponso cell V tl e ) eisoiirlity ,,i up Piol 1 diti Osswild ot the hoTiie id ministration d paitnient pole for this section in i mass meetin„ The social seiviee gioip woF eel atCaij Home iceication eentei fo undcipiivile^ed eliildicii sponsor mg a remednl speech cla s In the Ciiv Home libi iiy they be^an ai 1 inging donate 1 bool iccciding to ige '^loup Gills it the noith ml soLitl^^side noLiscs tiught handici ut M nibe s al o helned with a d inein,, el iss ioi teen me ills spoi oied by the L if lyette JAA C A Pinal plaim for sumnii i pio^imris 'V 11 be m ule in M v at n ii iiii 1 ictieit which will le held ae the AVAA eai in
Elects Officers
Ml s leleri '^r' le ii u di cel c f the Womens Re idenee Hills wis electctl iiesid id eC the Uiii'ci iLy AVomeus Dinner Cl ib it tlie fin il sjuim nice 11,-, held i i th 1 i ilty Lounge cl the Ui ion Lst AA e li cs d ly She sicccids Miss I Sehant II?n en of the applie 1 dcsi n de paitment M ss L Ihei Sehlundt oC the I ibi 11 y w is elected sccietaiy of the gioup to succeed Miss Mai ion Russell The piogiam foi this meeting consisted of v ieadin,„ oi i wai ICc end by Miss Rachel Sehenl
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE—PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4^54 We Deliver
M
E MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
Ly^
TODAY - FRI - SAT 2 FIRST RUN HITS
Dramatic . . . Dynamic Action and T^sriHs'
The Most SPINE TINGLING SPY HUNT of f-he year'
MAM Togiv-riiiDAt
CHAiUlE CN4N j
answers II e challe qe
Dealh Valley s
lullcH
JOHNNY MACK BROWN FUZZY KNIGHT — IN — FIGHTING BILL FARGO
B. Adams Named
New Yell Leader
Biuce Adams Alpha Chi Rho Moms 111 w lb appointed senior yell leadei toi thp 1942 43 season In the Jutuie there will be a senior yell leader insterd of a yell leader and a yell manigoi is was the ease last ye 1 111 Ui iveisity spoils The sen 101 y ell leadei is elected by the Pui die Athletic Goincil iiid the piesi dents ol the Gi nlet C old Pcppei ap'd Rciin i eliil s List year Dick De G 11 nio ‘sir ma ( hi was y ell lead el ind John Coll Alpha rui Omega was yell minagei
Fred Herr To Marry AI ice Kimmeif May 3
Fiedeiiel AV lie i MF 42 and Alice W K nimell IIH 42 will be mimed on the morning of May 3 Miss Kimmell whose home is in Au bum ittended Ball State Tcieheis College heJoie cntei mg heic in the school ol Home Economics I It I Ikii of South Bend js i iiieinbei ol the Ac lei i social Iiatgi nity an 1 i nunibei ( t the 'lau Bell Pi ind Pi fui Sign i bom i iiy in ginteiing fi iteimtii He is also i I 111 11 ( 1 the u itj swiiiiiiiing te im nd ' (i si 1 nt ol the Dol phin club flit eoeqile intends to 111 ike then home in New Jeiscy wheie he Ills iceeiited a position with Spell y Pi oduets C
STARTS TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE - DANOEEOIIS CURVES AHEAD
There's blonde dYnoimte at the -wheel... as this mile-a-minute darling bums up the track..
It's Dynamite on Wheels i
IDA Lwm:
THOMAS IVIITCHELL EdDIE ALBERl
(f4
14^"
A'--
i^- *
Boimmic^^, '^^-^jpi&fts
Chuck Schiller, University of Illinois senior, carved a place for himself in Big Ten baseball records last week with a no hit, no ruil victory oyer, Chicago, and all indications are that his niche ■will be even larger by the end of the current Confei’ence campaign. With his Big Ten season just half completed, Schiller has won three successive victories for the Illini, pitching in all but one irtning of the three games, and in those three wins he has allowed only but two earned runs and only 12 hits. Schiller’s pitching performances, with those of Chuck Campbell, who has scored two victories, have kept the mini very much in the race for the Confer-ehce title, Illinois holds five victories in six games for third place. Big Ten engagements this week will see Iowa, which dumped North--Western in two games last week, favored over Chicago. Michigan will play twice at Indiana, and the .Buckeyes face the Boilermakers here in a two-game series.
Lee Farmer, Iowa negro sophomore who will l un here Saturday, has tagged himself for consideration as man of the year in Big Ten track circles. After winning the Conference indoor fiO-yard dash and the broad jump, setting a new record in the latter event, the Hawkeye stepped out in his first outdoor appearance to equal or better the winning times in the 100 and 220 yard da-sh events in last year’s Big Ten championships. Two weeks ago at Illinois Farmer stepped 100 yards in :09.8 to equal the Conference championship mark of 1941 by Northwestern’s Myron Piker, and the furlong in :21.0(i to better Piker’s winning time in that event last year. With his indoor broad jump mark of 24 feet 2'/2 inches Farmer has best performances of the year for the Big Ten in three events. Farmer was the first University of'Iowa man to win the,. 100 yard dash at the Drake Relays—taking the race against the wind and oh a soft track in :10.1. D.E.B.
O.ShiJi Imkiidw4 kiwiBfer
Bhmond Tomorrow
Returning from four straight defeats in an extensive road trip, Coach Dutch Fehring’s basebajl sguad 'will attempt to regain; a little diamond prestige when 4t opens its. Big Ten home schedule against Ohio State tomorrow aftetnodn at 4. The Boilermaker nine dropped a '■ ■ ‘
return contest to Notre Dame last
Boilennaker Pigskm Ac04 Grid
iiili
FRIDAY
4 p.m., Ross Ade Field—-Baseball Boilermakers vs. Ohio State
BUY A SHARE IN
AMERICA
The new United States Defense Savings Bonds and Stamps give all of us a way to take a direct part in building the defenses of our country. ' This is the American way to provide the billions needed so urgently for National DefensCk
United StRfes DEFENSE SAVINGS BONDS and STAMPS
For years, Iclcplionc (xihle lias been bung Jiy stiff wire rings from its supporting strand. But repfcULcd expansion and contraction caused liy Icniperalure changes soiuelimes proved too niiich for even the best cable sheath. Fatigue cracks developed near the poles — this meant leaks —possible service inlcrruplions^—expensive repairs. Recently, .men of the Bell System .developed a machine that lashes the ealde and sli'and together in such away that file eoneenlralion of strains near the poles is minimized. The Cable Lasher has also proved a great aid in the speedy installation of some of the new cables needed for airfields, camps, base.s and, war factories. There are many opportunities in the Bell System for men with the urge — and the ability—to do a job belter than it ihas ever been done before.
Thursday, 4-3, .and lost a twin bill ‘d^o expected to see some catching
to Michigan at Ann Arbor, 13-1, j5-3. action during the series. Butler’s Bulldog clouters sm'prised Hope For Repeat'Wins
the Gold and Black, 5-4, at Indianap- Hoping to repeat last year’s wins olis Tues.dpy.. . over the Gold and Black last year BuAts Lead Conference at Columbus, Ohio State will prob^ Coming to Lafayette with 'the ably send John Lohre, veteran pitchstrangest record in Western Con- er, to the mound. Joe Fraker is like-
ference competition this year, the ly to be behind the plate.
Buckeyes have chalked up two Big Scarlet batting power, displayed Ten wins, hitting out a .300 batting in the Indiana game, will probably average. The Bucks dropped Indi- be a problem to Misselhorn and Pet-ana,-5-4, and 6-1 in a twin bill at' rich. The Buckeyes, running amuck Bloomirtgton. in a recent home game, scored 19 Riveter hopes will rest in bat- runs against the University of Kenteries Petrich and Misselhorn. Paul tucky nine. Chalking up several
Petrich, sophomore hurler, is ex- homers and triple base hits,
pected to oppose the Bucks tomor- Coach Dutch Fehring’s squad, row with Ed Misselhorn slated to go still on the weak side of batting, has on the mound in the second game of undergone intensive bpttin'g drills the series, Saturday morning at 10 on Ross-Ade field, as Fehring has a.m. Walt Smith will probably be attempted to boost the hitters to
behind the plate with Woody Walton better averages.
8:15 p.m., Fieldhouse Pool Swimming Annual Galacade Water Carnival SATURDAY
Alumni gatherers will witness a real rough and tumble contest on the Ross-Ade grass Saturday afternoon when Coach Elmer Burnham turns his gridiron powerhouses against each other in the final intrasquad game of the spring football season. Two Boilermaker teams, the Golds and Blacks, will take to the Stadium’s turf at 3 p.m., immediately following the quadrangular track meet, giving
pigskin fans a real healthy treat.
10 a.m., Ross Ade Field— Baseball Boilermakers vs. Ohio State
1 p.m.. West Side Uouritry ClubGolf Boilermakers vs. Michigan
1:30 p.m., Ross Ade Stadium— Track Big- Ten Quadrangular Meet
3 p.m-, Ross Ade StadiumFootball Annual Intra-squad game sponsored by Gimlets
Backfield Star
Problem in Annual
With the three, yard-long fish destined to arrive from the State Gonsei'vation Department on the campus tomorrow afternoon, Coach Dick Papenguth’s varsity and freshman swimmers are wondering just how they are going to catch them at the annual Galacade tomorrow night. - , Scheduled to be one of the corii'edy - ■ '
features in the new and different Gala Week water carnival, which will start in the Fieldhouse pool at 8:15 p.m., the fish catching act has offered the acquatics several problems. ; ' Ten Minute Limit Made Dolphin and Triton Club members who are sponsoring the event, haVe issued the statement that if the'^fish are not captured at the end of ten minutes, the fisherman may ..use small “butterfly” nets. During the ten minute period, the prospective catchers ai'e expected to use rubber gloves, leather gloves, pitch forks, gaffs, and many other odd boating-
utensils.
The fish catching act is just one
T^am Ojpposes Michigan Here
Coach Harry Allspaw’s gold squad will face Michigan’s strong golf team on the West Lafayette Country Club links Saturday afternoon at 1 p. ni. . Still seeking hjs first conference victory,,^ Boilermaker links mentor will have tough competition with the Wolverines, despite the fact that
The tussle, as well as the track meet, maker fall prospects - Will be 'based is being sponsored by the Gimlet on Saturday’s showing in the field
Club to raise funds for football action.
gamebpQadopsti^ next fall. During the past few days dit Will SpatUght New Punt Stuart Field and on the Not anly will the spectators view green, the prospective backs )mvb a give-and-take battle, but they will been winding up the last week's^11 also .see for the first time in action, period in strenuous operations, pre.B.urnham’s newly developed shoi-t paring for the clash, punt .type of offense which he will Veterans of last year's ^advocate next year. The Riveter football game in the backfield hanre mentor has been building spring been spotlighted in the. ac&ns. di-iils around this new weapon, as Francis Meakim, husky halfback well as several other combinations, from Chicago, John AndreHch,'Cfhiand the Gold and Black gridiron cago, and Kenny Smock, from Inr power has been rumored to have dianapoliS,' are likely-starters ii fife picked up considerable strength contest. , , with its development. Burnham’s starting .Qdld .and Interest is expected to be centered Black lineups will probably be^ ??- on the sophomore and junior back- sued tomorrow, with the caM j^ackfield hopefuls for the 1942 season ing 22 potential 1942 ^idhfen
during- the ensuing contest. Boiler^ threats.
Bancker, JeM Elected Co-Ca^W^
Track Men Prepare for Home M
Bill Bancker, 220 yard dash star, and Alex Jentseh, Boflei;? mak^ half-iriiler, -were elected co-captains of the 1943 GpM an^ Bladk track team at the annual track banquet, held iasl night in'/ The two co-captains will get their first chance at pacing Biyeter cinder stars right away—Coach Hermon Phillips’-iahder- ^ . men playing host to a Big Ten
Intramural Sidegiances
By Don Brewer Athletic Beehive .
quadrangular meet here Saturday afternoon as a part of the Gala Week athletic program. Track Notables Present Bancker and Jentsch were elected by the varsity stars, "with 61 peopie, attending the banquet. The attendance included the frosh and
in many special features that Dick Ohio State defeated the Wolves last
Papenguth is presenting this year— -week by five points, nightgown races, flipper ballets, div- Rely On Veterans
ing acts, etc. Allspaw will probably rely on the Patty Aspinall, 15 year old Indi- services of Wade Knipp, George anapolis swimmer, holder of 10 Dahl, and Roger Schutt to carry breast-stroke titles, is likely to give the burden o£ Riveter activities, several swimming exhibitions her while Michiggm’s coach, Ray Courtfore the Galacade attendance. Patty right, is likely to use Capt. John will leave by plane Saturday to en- Leidy, Ben Smith, Bob Fife, and ter the National Championships at Dave Osler, all returning lettermen.
New York. as his team.
... Francis Meakim will be one of the starters in the -Gold and Black gridiron tussle in Ross-Ade Stadium Saturday at 3 p.m. Meakim, 180 pound sophomore halfback, is expected to be a strong Boilermaker threat next year.
Summer is just around the corner varsity runners, cqachqs —if not already here, and Chief Allen, Wilkening, and Papeiq^fcj, Clevett is getting ready to turn the trainer Earl Gripe, Doc Cc!|e,^jand
spacious Fieldhouse floor into a beehive of indoor and outdoor activities. ...
Tennis Squad Loses To ///mo/s, 6-1
A gallant "gift at Eastertide/ LUCIEN LEL0N6S WITH PERFUME TOWERS
• Knights of old never bestowed more lordly treasure than this "Castel” filled with rare perfiynes. Towers contain Lucien Belong-s famed Indiscrete, Impromptu, Carefree and Tailspin. A gallant gift which she, will have many occasions to enjoy. $3.75 $5,50 'Plus tax
sinb Mother A card SELECT From our large and ■ \VARiED Assortment 5c - 10c -15c - 25c - 35c - 50c
I ’*5^ ' Decker s Iiic.
-518-20 Main Sh
Phone 5036
CHAMPAIGN, 111., April 29. — (Special to the Purdue Exponent) —Coach Larry LaBree’s Boilermaker tennis team 'was nipped in the bud here this afternoon by a superior Illini force, 6-1. The University of Illinois hosts were pressed only by the Riveter captain, Ray Lucht, who won his match from Capt. Gates. The Boilermakers will continue bn their away-from-home engagements with a match at Northwestern Friday and one at the University of Iowa at Iowa City Saturday.
Arranges For Courts . . . Chief has planned for four or five paddle-tennis courts, a new game similar to tennis, four or five badminton courts, and a croquet court. In addition the FieldhoUse dirt floorwill be i-e-worked into a playable condition ■where the male students may undergo any sort pf work-
out. ...
Ed Holderman, captain of the 1941. trapk squad. Junior man^eife named were Frank Guppenberger and Charles Bassett. Scheduled to get under way at 1:30 p. m., the quadrangular meet wni feature the noted teams of Iowa, Minnesota, and NortkHiqEstern, competing against the BoHer^
makei^s,
Iowa Stars To Perform Individual performers, who he meet drawing cards here are Lee
Farmer, Big Ten title-hnld^ in 100
Betas Gun For Trophy . . yard dash, 220 yard dash, and With only several intramural con- jump, and .. Hank Vollentests remaining unscored in the weider, hurdler. Both, are from Fieldhouse IM office, the Beta Theta Iowa. Vollenweider and , Clarence Pi athletes are leading in the par- Kron will battle for hurdle honors ticipation race by 15 points. The as so far this season they have split Betas have garnered a total of 530 honors in meets. points for the coveted trophy, with Coach Hermon Phillips has been the Phi Delts close behind with 515 running time trials, lately and will
points. ... .
Rr.miU.s of the 'Illini-Rivotor match: Sinu^k's; Lucht (R) doreatcil Gatc.s (Tl, 8-l>, d-B. (i-4 ; Von Sin'cckclson (I) dcfcaUal Armstronir (P), (1-1, ()-(!, (i-3; Clapper (I) defeated Stidtner (P), C-i, 11-2 ; f.athroo 111 defeated Well.s (Pj, fi-O.- 6-3: Pile (I) defeated Diibzinsld (P), 2-6, 0-3, 6-1. Donldes: Von S|)reekelsen and Lathroii (I) defeated Lucht and Wells (P), 6-2, 6-1 ; Gates and Saikle.v (I) defeated Arm-stront; and Stettner (P), 6-'l, 6-0.
Definitely still in the race are the Sigma Chis, totalling 510 points, and the S_ig Eps, with 509 points... . Mixed Swirrtming Soon . .. St^imraing will occupy -an important place in recreational sports this summer on the Boilermaker campus. Starting Juno 1, the FieJdhouse pool will be open to mixed swimming—and with the heavy pro-
enter the, complete Boilermaker quad in the Gimlet-sponsored meet.
Signja DeHa Psi tests. in tfie 100 yard, dash and 120 yar4^iow hurdles will be field this afterhoim at 4 p.m. in Ross Ade stadioin.> —philLifs
year when the juvenile qwinx^jfg
DR. PAUL A, RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD j. RISK — DENTISTS —
400-404 Sehultx Bldg. 4th and Main St. Latayelte
gram set before University students get under way in. June. BqV^
will receive instructions Monday,
for the summer they ought to eiijoy
that cool relaxation. ..."
receive
W'cdnesday, Friday froip 9 a. nj. to 10, a. m., with the girls comiij|r on Tuesday, Thursday qnd .Satur-
Chief Clevett will enter his 21st day.'Charges will be the same as myear as swimming instructor this previous years. . . .
Clevett Will Instruct
S We Pay
SECOND hand books
r,
H G. REISNER BOOK STORE
■/ ' ■Till
■»iJ Purdue Exponent
Thursday, April 30^ i942^
SmilKi; THE SHOPS with Judy McCullough
A SHO’ NUFF ZOOT SUIT . . .
itli a 1 cct plocl and a at iifT cuET' > on 11 look ahai p rnou{!:li to see Aom SundaA “P‘d ’ ni a bultlici Imrn thicc-]>iccc "«la(k suit fioni Loeb’s second fliooi (o11(<j:c shop IScatlv tailoicd chocolate hioAcn pleated slark« Avith '^idc pockets and culls, and a smooth AelloA\-tan Idousc which has lonji full sUiAcs aic topped Milh a sniait sleeveless parket of the same luscious hi own to eonstitntc the seasons keenest slack enscmhlc Ihcic inc otheis too in {iahaidinc, denim .ind spun lavori in a lainhow of delifchtfiil colois and ciuite convenientlv jiiiecd ^ on 11 undouhtedly like the slac k stA les this \ cai, hoc aiise, dcsjntc the li ousel
elTeet thev ic definitelj femiiiitic 1 Hfc TIME HAS C OME . . .
the wcatheinian said, foi all “1 els' to iclax — and iclax von most as^uiedlv will in cool, well lailoied spent shuts reatiiiin^ evei-populai Arrow shii Is, D( n e iit( r’s oflc i a v\ ide scleetiejn of prc-sliiunk eoloifisi eolloiis, spun lavons and knits 111 slip ovei oi hiillon stvles with loiijc oi shoit sleeves The selection includes othei in ikes in spoit shuts, and the coloi choice leaves nothing to he clesiicd llieic is a laifje ian^c of puces fiom one dollai to two and a hall, with olliei shuts piiced up to tliiee dollais and
HI net 5-live cents
1HREE CHEERS . . . ^ and a hcaitv huiiahfoi whosoevei advaiieed the 1-^ 1/ 1 I'c si tieiid in women's liaii stvles — shoit llnffv ciiils fiaiiiiiifr the ficc in a soft feniiiiiiii li.iii dicss I he h.ihv haiicnt has piovccl alti<iclivc H 111 'll' nniiihci of wavs Its c liaim and he antv <iic <ic c omp.iiiied hv the usual conifent and coiivcniciicc which aic ])iaclicallv sv iionv nious with shoiii tiesses \iid what could he iiicuc ajipiojniate foi the lapidlv a]ipio ic hin^ sunimei d lys I oi vouhahyliaii cut call on Loeb s heautv salon, specialists m sivh to suit pei-
sonalitics
REMEMBER THE GRADUATES . . . on their day of all days. Why not visit Southworth's for attractive gift suggestions? One very appropriate gift is the new Parker "51" set - a handsome fountain pen and pencil capped in sterling silver or gold—or other Parker and Shaeffer pens, pencils and desk sets. Then too, costume jewelry, lovely pastel floral bracelets and necklaces, and novelty gadget pins are always well received. For further suggestions I refer you to Southworth's downstairs gift store. Here you will find an extensive array of useful leather goods and army equipment for the fellows entering the service, a parade of "coed sets," rubberzide taffeta cosmetic kits and travel bags; glassware for the lucky bride-to-be and a great many other fine gifts for all occasions. NOW MORE THAN EVER BEFORE... are spectator pumps a prerequisite for that welldressed appearance. At Smith's you'll find all the smartest spectators in brown and white, blue and white, blacsk and white, and an oh-so-smooth red and white. The style selection includes open or closed toes with the hell heights ranging from flats to spikes. Prices start at four dollars and ninety-eight cents. Novelty play shoes provide an added interest in a gay summer wardrobe. What could be more desirable than American made huraches which come in widths to fit even the narrowest foot? They come in colors now too. Other play shoes styles are rope-soled Kedettes, sandles, Moccasins, golf shoes and saddles. Publicity Directors Gala Week
(CoiiLiniicd fiom yafe 1)
his silvei anniveisaiv as basketball
coach at the Umveisitv Elliott Ifoltls Oyeu House
Sundav inoinmg followin'^ class bieikfasts Piesidtiit and Mis El liott will hold o])cn housc loi letuiii
ins ilummatthcn home
C limaMns all events of Gala Week the <nxtv cishtli eoinincntt nicnt cxciciscs will lie held Sunday afternoon at > and the pioeession
immedi ilely piteeding it
Alumni sioups liom m inv cl isses hive intensively c impai^ned foi alumni attendance at Gala Week The class ol 1S92 celeiii iting it fiftieth anniveisiiy will he lepie bcntecl by 25 alumni it was an iiouneed by R I) Oilai sccictaiyof
the elasb
The 1017 class eelelnating the twenty fifth innivcisuy of then giaduation, will be lepiesented bv appioximately 150 ind many ofhci classes have announced a high ex jiceted attendance
University Offers
I Journalisrn Course I To Upperclassmen
Piof John E Stempel, head of
the depaitmcnt of louinalisni at In diana Univeisit;y, who will seive as special lectin ei and consultant on a couibe in technical louinalism to be offcied duiing the coming teiin to luniois and senuns, visited the Uni
veisity yesteiday afternoon While on the campus Pi of Stem-
pel tonfciicd with Di II L Cieck, head of the depai tment of English, Pi of J II McKee, who will teach the com sc along with his othci vvoikin louinahsm, and T R John bton, diiectoi of infoimation, who will also seive as bpccial leetuiei
in the com sc
The thiee houi elective coin be will be given at 8 o’clock Monday, Wednesday and 1 iiday, and while designated as technical louinahbin, it will be open to uppci class men 01 women in any school of the Uni
veisity
Stempel foiineily taught buih i couibe in Lafayette College and in Columbia Univcisity and now teaches similai woik on a gi actuate level He will come heie foi a senes of at least foul Icctincs duiing the bummei teim This eoopciativc of loit in louinalism is expected to be the foieiUnnei of .idditional woik in technical wilting Belter Homes Group To Meet Tonight Home impiovement m Tippecanoe County will be discussed tonight at a meeting bponsoied by the Bcttei Homes Committee to be held it 7 50 in looms 355 and 3G3 of the Linion Ideas that can be put to use at once will be sought by the commit tee The piincipal spcikcis will be Pioi R B Hull landscape aithi teet Plot Gcoigc E Lommcll chaiiman oi the st ite planum^ boaid Di T Roy I ecvv piofessoi of bociology, Mibs Muiiel McEai land piofcbsoi of home economics education and Pi of Laiiieiitza Schant/ Hansen head of the Ap lilicd Design dcpii tment The r,cn eial public is invited to attend Former Students Train For Air Corps Two foimci Univeisity students Emilio P Ratti and Robei t I Mu gait, aic now stationed at R indolph field Texas the West Point of the All ” They aie theie in the sec ond bta,,e ol then tiainmg loi the Aimv All Coiiis and aie studvmg in both c,ic)iind school and piaetiee
flight
Upon eom)iletion ol moie ad vaiieed woik in othci sehools in Tex as they will be giaduated as flying oflieeis to do then pait to help Ameiiea “keep cm flynif.
Coslello To Explain First Aid Courses Thomas Costello of the National Red Cl OSS will be on the campus today to meet the gioup who aie qualifying foi mstiuctois ceitificates to teach fiist aid This gioup will meet in loom 6 of the Memoiial Gymnasium at 7 pm Dean Skinner (Continued fiom page 2) ipstiuctoi and dean He had won distinction as an instiuctor in animal husbandry He was head of the school of agiieultuie rind diiectoi of the agiicultuial extension chvi sion until he was made dean emeu
tus in 1928
Puidue made lemaikablc stiidcb duimg the yeats Di Skinnei was one of ite active faetoib The faimeis in few, if any statcb in the Union aie bettci seived and moit in teiestccl in the woik of a bchool of agiieultuie than aie Hoosieis who look to Puidue for guidance The irifluenec of Di Skinner is no pass ing incident It is a peimanent eon tiibution to the piogiess of the countiy’s basic industiy Di Skin nei’s was a life ol gieat usefiilncbb
Notices
Si^ina DcUA Chi: Dinner honoring the recipients of the Best Teacher and Leather Med^i awards Thursday April 30 at 0 30 pm in the I acuity Lounge of the Union —TRAUGOTT
Gimlets Men initiated last fall can get their keys from me —FRASER All Male Students All studtnt*^ who have completed the Advance Course ROTC or will complete the Advanced Course KOIC by May 6 ace important notices on 2nd
floor Armory Bulletin boards . —RIORDAN
Aeromodclers Important meeting Ihuisday Apiil 30 in loom 80 of the Union Lltetion of oltieerb Everyone be sure and come —SMITH Person Who Lost Chronograph You may claim it at Student Sdiate Lost and lound Department or by calling Sandy at 4051
—SANDLEBIN
Student War Council Important dinner meeting of all old and new membeis at {) pm Thuisdnv April 30 m the East Rcitption Room of the Union Past pre‘u nt and future plans will be discussed Note change in time '—DIBOS Tau Beta Fi Plagues for seniors are now available See Vern Vandeibilt 130 Caiy Hall West —YOUNGBLOOD PLM 80 Stiuu nts who oaid for their pins at thi I icldhoiise may secure them in room 110 of the 1 leldhousc Gvm this #eck
—LASTWOOD
Zouaves Ihosr goiin, to pUnie meet at the Armoiv at 4 pm Ihursday April 30 Tiansportation will be provided All old members welcome —GRAI Independent Staff D )g is posted with varioub changes in Columns Stuff is dge Wednesday don t ask to turn it in latcf
—HUMPHREY
Gold Peppers Meeting Thursday April 0 Hi AWS ( Ifice at 4 30 If you can t come call me —SIMONS
Coed Defense Code Class Ctrtificutes arc available in instruptors room of the Armory , —BURKMARl
Sons and Daughters of 1008 (lass If in attendance at the University are invited to attend the class dinner Fiidav night May 1 in the Union If you can come cull Dr Anderson 4048 or Zufall 41792 -ANDLRSON
Model Railroad Chib Open b luso I rkiay Mav I from 7 to 10 p m at layout in Mochanieal rnginccring building Be there leady to operate —DARK Westminster I oundation There will I o a skating party at Maple Point on 1 ri day May 1 from ) 30 to 11 iO Transpor tnlion will be furnished and the groups will meet at the ehureh at 9—IHOMAS lau Beta Pi Picnic will be held Tluiir dav April 30 Meet at 4 15 in front of LE Building All those having cars please bring them Picnic will be held at fair grounds MI RRILL 1 irst Aid Instructors Course The first aid instructors course will meet ns usual on riuirsday at t 00 p m in rcom ( Me morml (jvmnasuim Ail students desJMng Red Cdss Inst Aid Instructors ccrtifi cates must attend this meeting —RUSSLLL Delia Kilo Kappa Meeting at 4 30 Ihiirsdnv Ainl 10 in room TOT of the Union New oifieeiR will be elcelcd —Bll RLLIN PEW All leeks for 1 ckers in we men a Gvmnn^ium should bo tun id in bv Satur day noon if the me dollar refund is cle sued lockers will be emptied by Mav 4 Stulents regisleiing for physical iduca tion courses in summer term mav make urinngtmenls to keep Iheir leek is bv giv ing their names to Mrs Smith th mation —HA/ELTON
Exponent Sophomore Editorial and Staff Sign pp on bulletin board m officp for work on any two of following dates 1 riduy May 1 Saturday May 2 Monday, May 4 Tuesday May 6 Regular summer schedule starts May 5 with work ort Tuesday Thursday and Saturday nights —AUMSIRONG^ Agriculturist Meeting foi all old and new stair members has been changed from Wed ncaday to Ihursday April 30 7 p m In room 301) of the Union Keys will be award ed —SNYDLR YW(A^ All old and new YWCA cabinet members meet at 5 45 p m Ihursday April 30 at ihe east door of the Union A short meeting in YWCA office after dinner —PLTLRSON Scabbard and Blade Plagues may be ob tained by scnioi mcmbeib at the Alpha Chi Rho house prior to noon 1 riday May 1 SUI LIVAN Purdue Glider Club There will be a meeting Ihgisdav at 7 30 in Room 212 of the Union Bring flight feo’^ —SCHAKEL I Ac S Ihere will be an oignni/ation meeting at 5 Ihursday in Room 103 of the ME Building OfTieera will be elictrd —SCHAKLL Delta Uho Kappa Picnic will be held Fridav at 4 10 p m Meet in Swedish lounge ( f the Union Election of officers will be held —BIERLEIN Tflu Beta Pi Officers riicrc will be a luncheon meeting )f the old and new of fleeis at noon fodav April 30 in Room 330 of the Union —YOUNGBLOOD Book Exchange Board A meeting will be held Ihursday at 4 p ni in the Union of ficc CiOSbLTT f hcerlcadcrs Ibost who have uniforms j least leave them at the AIO house 314 Russell by 4pm liidav May 1 If Impos faiblc call 3035 —GOLL Pi Tau Sigma Ail seni rs who el) not have phuiues mav get them at 22) Fowlei Avenue -GREGORY
Southworth
To Attend Meeting
In Columbus
T R Johii'iton, diicctoi of the bu leau of infoi nidtion, and R C \\ ood vvoilh asfeistant dnccloi of the liu lean of inioimation will iHtnd the •-ilvei annivcibaiv convention of th( Aineiican CoIIck'c Publicity Associ ation to be held May 7 8 and 9 in
Columbus Ohio
The thicc dav session has schtd Hied on its pro,>:iam s))ccchcs, lound tables and discussion j^ioiqis with Govtinoi John W Biickci ol Oliio as the inincipal spcakei Topics to be discussed aic those dialin,^ with the lolc oi the coUckHs in the wai and the paiticulai i csponbibilities
ol the publicity staff Dr. D. M. Doty
of the aKiicultuial clnnnstiy depaitmcnt is attendin^;; the meet ing of ( ollaboiatoi s oi the Re^^ional Sojbean Industiial Pioduets Laboi atoiy at Uibana Illinois today
Classified Ads
Typewrilers—Add ng MachmPn all makes sold rented lepiirtl ml jiDchastd Mime ugrarh vork i ne ( T Lberbh IT b05 Main Lafayette I hone 27 fetudenis 1 1 1 n I e 1 i om bn lo lei 1 in 1 J in m tt M lit w It r Ih n 21) «U( Ku mH Slittl C ill afl i ( 01) } m Winled W 1 iw 1 1 \ t I j a I vv i) in t IP I ( II I 1 1 Jon R la IT I m Ut (
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Bunk Slure Across 1 rum Ui i ri Keil hamtn ns 2) Dor I ppio 40
For Perfcclion in Dry Cleaning— USE CROWN All Dr) Cleaning Ser^iees are NOT alike. Dillerciil mclliotU are <‘iiij)Ioyed. For a <juarl<‘r oJ a eeiiliiry Crown lias In en Jollowing llie besl seienlilie nii’lliod kiio^n lo llu* Dry (leaning Indiislr). Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly Crown Laundry
gllllllllllllillllllillllilllililllllllllllllltlilllllilllllllilillL i Dr. A. M. Irion | I — DENTIST — I g 119 Vi Norlhwesfern Ave. = 1 Phone 4965
Top of the Hill
YOU CAN HELP!
Buy and Sell USED TEXTBOOKS Shortage of book maniifacluring materials, printing metals and labor make it imperative that all text books be put to the utmost use —sold and resold by all students. We can help you do your part for UNCLE SAM! ^ HUGE STOCK—Used books by the thousands assure you maximum savings in cold cash; new books if you prefer. ^ TEXTS BOUGHT—Well gladly pay you cash for your used texts. Eor the best prices—bring them in novy! ^ SPEEDY SERVICE—We’re better equipped than ever before in space and man-power to give you speedy, efficient service. ^ SCHOOL SUPPLIES—Every supply needed for every course can be found at our completely stocked supply counters. SHOP AT SOUTHWORTH’S
PIJRDDEBCCK&SIPPIYSTCIIE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
Southworth’s 9