ri r
^ I ^ £ j. 1 *>1?^
•5 •' „». ' I '
\ i.W . ^ 1 . ■'J! ^ ^ ^ 111 , 1
V ,?^)Ha^V' h. ^ L
l c
•y
\ -~A r ^
j' t i
,s- -'I'S
'•' 4
' ^ 4 ri
i
» f
\ " <4 ■>(,
I, '
H
ii-’i
<
k 41
^ ^ r, i , ■ X \ ^ 4 ^ / It/! ’ ( Jiu ^ J^! 't k * ^ -(.*■ ^^ if! . V t » ^ t J(J4*. ii, ^ jt^ '^■ii-M <j-ti^ ,1 U 4, /1%^ j/J "' ^ ®lll Purilue iscpjjrrieitt
i* '■»'’?/® 8 4 t!-'''»il ifk" J / Ja K i , ^ f ci J;
A
r P*^ s!i^ / W% 4 '' ’’"^t.i' k }< 1 -V ^ ^ r ^ ^
■< li / ^4 i
/
^ •(«' ( 4 4 /■'
]|^ul>Ii9hed Bajily bjr Studi^td <tf ^ktdm tJnivetsii^.
voLnif^^a^viti > aMitt)aaQ±ibpaiss^^ Cl R* Dooley , To Discuss Job Problem With Seniors Today C. R. Ddotey, manager of indns^/trial relations for the Socony-Vac- ’’ uuita Oil Company^ will address Uiuversity senidrs at 4 p. m. today in the Elducation Bpildin^ on “What T6 Expect After ^Graduation.” His talk is one of the series of lectures given by the committed on employment lectures under the supervision of J. E. Walter^, personnel director. ' Personnel Experience Dooley has been employed in the field of personnel work with So-cony-Vacuum, Westinghouse, and the Standard Oil Company of New Jefsey. Walters states that Dooley is one of the best qualified men in the country to talk on this subject. He can give eVery senior excellent advice for work after graduation. Dooley, whose son, Dave, is enrolled in the University, has employed thousands of men and every year follows college graduates through companies with which he has been connected.
NmmeRm
Plan Ag Dinner For Seniors Agriculture seniors will be the guests of agriculture staff members and alumni at the annual Senior Dinner to be held in the Home Economics Building Monday evening, April 5. Arrangements have been made to accomodate about 80 seniors at the dinner. Palmer Edgerton, of Lafayette, a member of the University Board of Trustees, will act as toastmaster of the meeting. Featured on the program will be an address by P. O. Wilson, secretary-manager of the National Livestock Bjfarketing Assoeiatiom Short talks will also be given by Leroy Hoffman, president of the Agriculture Association, and Prof. Frank King, head of the animal husbandry department.
Ice Cream Makers Close Conference \ , A three-day conference of ice cr^m manufacturers from Indiana and surrounding states, closes here today. The meetings featured a discussion of the technical phases of ice cream manufacturing. At the opening session, Prof. H, W. Gregory, spoke on “Indiana Jce Cream,” and John Taylor, of the State Board of Health, Bureau of Dairying, discussed the sanitation and inspection of ice cream plants.
Crain Cultiyation Course To Start In June Plans have been completed ior a three weeks’ course in the cultivation of corn and small grains, from June 14 to July 3, The course will cover botanical aspects in relation to crop improvement of com, wheat, oats, barley, rye, and hybrid corn. The course will be under the direction of Profs. G. H. Culter and J. H. Lefforge of the agronomy department. Emphasis will be placed upon disease resistance and cultural requirements.
University Electrician Dies Wednesday Albert J. Norris, 58, University electrician for the \ last 24 years, died yesterday afternoon at thu home of his daughter in lAfayOtte. Norris has been a lifelong resi4ent of Lafayette. His wife died two years ago, but he w survived by seven children. l V
JDn Beal Addressee AChS On Xeseareh After a dinner in his honor, Dr. George D. Deal, Of l?lttsburgh. Pa., president of the American Pharmaceutical Association spoke on “Desearch Activities of the Mellon Institute” at the meeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society in lecture room 106 of the Chemistry Building last night. Ph.D. From Columbia Beal has been associated with the Mellon Institute since he received his Ph. D. degree from Columbia University ip 1911. He has been a member of the National Research Council and the Committee of Revision of the United States Pharmacopoeia. Since 1926 he has been assistant director of the Mellon Institute.
Frosh To Hear Joint Lectures “Occupational Opportunities In English And Mathematics” will be the title of a joint lecture to be delivered by Dr. H. L. Creek, of the English department, and Professor Marshall, of the Mathematics department this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. This will be the sixth in a series of occupational lectures for science freshmen. Prof. C. L. Morgan, chairman of the committee on occupational opportunities for the science school, stated that the department was especially anxious to have science freshmen attend the lectures, although the lectures are not limited to just this class.
Summer School Will Offer Varied Course In Radib 'Techniques Technique of radio broadcasting, program planmng, and production will be offered as a course in the summer school scission with Miss Blanche Young, supervisor of radio education for the Indianapolis public schools as visiting lecturer. The course will give instruction in all phases of radio broadcasting. /It will include the preparation of script, audibons, rehearsals at WBAA, casting and directing. The classroom work will be based upon the examination of professional scripts written by students.
Wiley To Discuss Water Supply Improvements Prof. R. B, Wiley, of the civil engineering school, is scheduled to speak on “Water Supply Improvements Needed In The State Of Indiana” at the thirtieth annual meeting of the Indiana section of the American Water Works Association at Indianapolis today. Prof. Wiley is a member of the legislative or licensing committee of the Indiana sec^tion, B. A. Poole, C. E. ’31, state sanitary engineer, is president of this section.
Bad Weather Halts Brig. Celi.MarUii’sTakeOff
Inclement weather forced Brig. Gen. F. L. Mar^n to return to the ground at the University Airport shortly after taking to the air for an attempted trip to Wright Field atDayton, O., about 4;30 last evening. Weather permitting, he will take off about 8 this morning. General Martin is accompanied by Major C. F. Green, Ex. ’09, and is flying a Northrup" Attack plane. ' General Martin is to t^ke command of Barksdale Field in Louisiana soon. He arrived at the University Tuesday and , addressed a group of students on the subject of “Training In The Air Corps” Tuesday night.
YWCA Members Select bryoM , Members of Y. W. C. A. elected Dorothy Bryant, Alpha ChiUmega, president of their young women’s organization in the annual co-ed elections yesterday. Dorothy Coap, Kappa Alpha Theta, was elected vice-president; Betty Klein, Pi Beta Phi, was chosen secretary; and Peggy Hamilton, Kappa Alpha Theta, was selected as treasurer.
Chemical Group Names Locfd Officers The University section of. the'^ American Cherpical Society held a business meeting last night to elect officers for the year 1937-38, after a dinner in honor of Dr. George D. Beal, of the Mellon Institute. The officers elected at the meeting were; Prof. J. L. Bray, chairman; Prof. L. B. Howell, of the chemistry department of Wabash College, assistant chairman; Prof. C. L. Shrewsbury, secretary-treas-urer; and E. F. Degerling, councilor.
Dr. Glasser Will Lecture On X-Ray Sigma Pi Sigma, physics honorary, and the University department of physics will sponsor two lectures on ;^-ray theory and practice Friday at 4 and 8 o’clock byiDr. Otto Glasser, guest from the Cleveland Clinic, Cleveland, O., in the lecture room of the Physics Building. ^ The lectures will be of particular interest to thg medical men and the pharmacy students who are invited especially to attend.
Dr. Fumas To Speak At Michigan Anniwersary Dr. Clifford C. Fumas, of Yale University, Purdue graduate of ’22, will be one~of the speakers on the hundredth anniversary program of the University of Michigan to be held Jime 14 to 19. Dr. Fumas, author and athlete, will discuss “The Physical Sciences” under a general heading of “Higher Education And Scientific Progress.
Dentistry Meeting To Honor Minnesota Dean Dr. W. F. Lasby, dean of the school of dentistry at the University of Minnesota, will be guest of honor and principal speaker at a dinner meeting of the West Central Dental Society at 6:15 o’clock tonight in the chestnut room of the Memorial Union Building. Dr. Lasby will give an illustrated address on “Immediate 'Denture Service” in rooms 1 and 2 after the dinner ih the chestnut room.
‘Tobacco Road’ Wdl Be On Mars Stage April 10
Three Co-ed Organizations Choose Senior, Junior, Sophomore Officers
Draper Cites Disease Rise “The prevalence of social diseases IS increasing yearly, and syphilis has been spreading at the appalling rate of 500,000 cases a year,” said Dr. W. F. Draper in his address yesterday afternoon on social diseases in Eliza Fowler Hall before a group of male students and faculty. Briefly he summainzed the symp-^ toms, diagnosis, and treatment of syphilis and gonorrhea. Of the two, he said the former was by far the worst, and it is the greatest imitator of all diseases! Up To Students Dr. Draper states that it is up to the college students of today to be the leaders in the educational program t9 eradicate these diseases. After the address, the speaker asked for questions from the floor. An open forum followed.
400 Druggists Attend Close Of Convention Dr. W. F. Draper, assistant sur-geon-general of the U. S. ^Public Health Service, provided the highlight of yesterday morning’s final session of the seventh annual Druggists’ Business Conference, When he spidce on “Sccial Diseases” to an audience of more than 400 physicians and druggists. Yesterday aft--emoon he spoke to the men students of the University on this same subject. Talking Pictures Anather feature of the morning session was an address and talking picture, “Along Main Street,” presented by Dan Holland, of Chicago, 111. Speakers for the afternoon session were Dr. George D. Beal, who discussed “Research As An Asset To Pharmacy,” C.'C. Bradshaw who outlined a business building program for a prescription department, and Prof. C. J. Zufall, of the University, who presented a technical discussion of “Allantoin And Amniotic Substances.”
EXPONENT BOARD
All elected offlcets of the Exponent are expected to attend a board piabting Fridky afternoon, March 26, at 5 o'clpck 4n the Agricultural Experiment Stufian. —HULSE.
“Tobacco Road,” the greatest stage success of the Iasi 20 years and which has a record of 1,400 performances on Broadway, is coming to Lafayette on Saturday, April 10, when it Will be presented for two performances, mdtinee and evening, at Mars Theatre. Taylor Helmes, noted American actor of stage, screen and radio fame, heads the cast. Written by Jack Kirkland and based on Erskine Caldwell’s widely read novel of the penniless sharecroppers of the back country of Georgia, “Tobacco Road’ has stifred more discussion than any stage play sipce “Uncle Tom’s Cabin.” Epic Play The Literary Digest has pronounced it ‘the epic American play’; the published version of the drama is used as extra-curricular reading in English department of sixteen univerlsities and colleges; and it has
run longer on Broadway than any other stage play in the history of the American Theatre with ^he solitary exception of “Abie’s Irish Rose.” ‘Tobacco Road” is a realistic study of the lives of back copntry ^hare-croppers, amazing and amusing people who knqw but seg and religion, who dwell contentedly in squalor and poverty because they have experienced no other environment!' and who cling with a stubborn hope to their farmland, dreaming of_^the days when prosperity shall return. Cast In addition to Taylor Holmes, the company to> be seen at the Mars will include suCh well known Brohdway players as Florence Gerald, Lonnie Nace, Pitt Herbert, Herryl Boyden, William Bishop, Sally Sanderson, Dick Lee, Lillian Ardell, WaltejC Ayers and Harry Townes.
Peace Demonstratfon Win B«i Staged Here A peace demonstration* part of a nation-wide strike against war, will be staged here on April 22. Representatives of the Purdue Gtudent Alliance and the Roger Williams Club have planned activities for the occasion. 'The peace committee requests all organizations which have received communications from it to send its representatives to the next meeting which will be held April 6 in room F of the Memorial Union Building. The committee will send speakers to address local organizations and explain the significance of the nationwide movement for 'peace.
Name Belt], Stewart New WSGA President Betty Ann Stewart, member of pi Beta Phi sorority, was elected W. S. G. A. president at the triple co-^ ed organization elections held in the Memorial Union lobby yesterday afternoon. She is a junior in the school of home econoimcs. Borothy Martenet, Kappa Alpha Theta, jnmor science student, was elected vice-president. Other officers elected are: Mary Townsend, Chi Omega sophomore, treasurer; Mary Cooley, sophomore, secretary; Betty Jo Sexton, Kappa Kappa Gamma sophomore, junior representative; and Treva Berry, Kappa Ka^pa Gamma freshman, sophomore representative. All of the officers, with the exception of Martenet, are students in the home economics school.
P|an Short Course In Seed Testing A three weeks short course in official methods of seed testing will be held at the University this summer, from July 5 to July 24. The course will be conducted under the direction of/the agronomy and state chemistry departments. The laboratory work concerning the methods of seed testing, both for germination and Rurity, wHl be supplemented with lecture and field trips. EhuroUment Limited Enrollment will be limited to 12 students, and seedsmen vocational teachers, and others who are interested should send their applications at once to either Prof. J. H. Lefforge, agronomy department, or H. R. Kraybill, State Seed Commissioner, both at the University.
Flying, Glider Clubs Sponsor Banquet For Members And Guests Purdue Plying Club, in conjunction with the Glider Club, will hold a closed banquet in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 5:45 this evening. W. B, O’Neal, president of the Glider Club, will act as toastmaster. Guests of honor will be Dean A. A. Potter, Prof. G. A. Young, Capt. G. W. Haskins, Capt. L. I. Aretz, G. S. Meikle, and Prof. C. M. Wray. Histories Following the dinner, brief histories of the two organizations ^11 be presented by C. D. Smith, presi> dent of the Plying Club, and B. J, Kroeger of the Glider Club. A short business meeting will follow the banquet.
*97 Grads Make Plans For'Reunion Dinner Ufiiversity graduates in the class
) The $^110,000 gift to the U. of Michigan was contributed by the W, K. Kellogg Foundation of Battle Creek.
PUBLICATION
Beoaiise nf Spring rec^s the Exponent will cease publication with the issue of March 26, and will resume its regular schedule op Tuesday, April 6^
also reminding him that Gala Wbek is earlier than usual this year This new arranj^ement makes possible for mai^ alumni to attend who ordinarily could ,not return to the University at commencement
time.
WAAMec^Mmy EUenOelaplaim Mary Ellen Delaplane, CM (hne>ga, junior home economies co-ed, was elected presi<lent of W. A. A-, women’s sports organization, in yesterday’s election of officials for tite coming year. Other i^Scials chosen saxi 3etta~ nette Shaffer, vice-president; Kathrsrn Merritt, Chi Omega, secretary; and Elizabeth Maier, treasurer..
Florida Squad Debates Here University of Florida’s forensic squad, composed of Bob Barton and Seldon Waldo, proved wortiiy opponents for the University team of Robert Royster and Robert Petticrew last night in a congressional non-decision debate in Eliza Fowler Hall before a large audience of students and faculty. Rosrster and Petticrew took the affirmative side of the question, “Resolved: That Congress Should Be Empowered To Fix Minimum Wages And Maximum Hours For Industry.” Constructive Speech Best Professor LuU, of the speech department, stated that Royster’s constructive speech was the best he had ever given, and Pettierew’a rebuttal was the most outstanffing speech in his college career. Ifoxton and Waldo’s constructive speecims were as good as ever presented against the University team. Preceding this debate, the Pttrdoe negative team met the Beloit Gbllege sqnad in a non-decision affair in the Memorial Union Bnilffing. Tonight the affirmative team will travel to Logansport to debate with the negative team of John Hopkins University, Baltimore, Md. !l3iese speeches are warm-up affairs preparatory to the Big Tmi Ddtote Conference at Chicago University later in the year.
WUUams Injured In Automobile Wreck G. D. Williams, instructor in tibe division of speech, suffered a fractured rib, the only injury sustained when the car he was driving was struck by a car driven by Heled Lappin on the comer of Marstetlor and State streets at 8:50 o’dock yesterday morning. Williams’ car was spun around by the impact of the other car wMch^ struck at a speed of about 40 mUes per hour according to information volunteered by several students who witnessed the accident.
Oxford Advises Brij^ As Snre Mon^-Maker
of -97 rocoivod tho Srot coU to theb . 0^“^. (ACP>-HW forttetl. .ooiv.™... lotto ou,-
fortieth anniversary reunion re-
cently.
Dr, Charles W. Morey, now president of Chicago Technical College and for many years secretary of
the class, sent each member a let- * .. . . ter urging him to be present at the suggestion is inspired by reunion exercises May 1 and 2, and P’^Wication of Culbertson’s amiimt
gestion of Oxford University’s mag-
azine, Isis, to students.
Recommending the formation of a university bridge duX the mago-
Jo8selyii WiU Speak At Rrowsing Room Meetiiig L. W. Josselyn^ University'librarian, will-speak on “Recent Books” at a meeting in the Browsing Room of the Memorial Union Building this evening at 7:86, X His discussion will indude refeiv ences to many books on travel and biography. Josselyn whs instrumentid in bringing qf the Browsing Room to the University, and has had a major hand in selecting the hooks now on its shf^ves.
income. There’s something in thfe bridge, and it looks like m<mey. While professional tennis is now overcrowded* professional bfi^e
still has a future.”
ITosettled
BrTOmpy Tto Iw wax ItwWin! gtom
FENALTT DATES
Ihiring the ire^nt setowitoi there are two penalty Me* They are trem noon ^ to noOn Mac^ at? pad Apts Tnieee days represmit the how pedods h^ore and aftop the Spring Recess. ^ M. L. ftSEER. Dean «f Wm
\ %
.■t 4 ?
4
'a ^
f \iU
14.jptttliitte exponent
BMMI''
>1
.h'y-
'^1034 tpts 1^ "titUXM ,, ' MHCOMW .
iwFiwliWiTiiD rwi *•*«**•«• *“''■**•••**• ■* National Advertising Service^ Inc €MUt» fMiihm RtrmmttMM 4a0MADi«ON Avit. New York. N- Y. CHtc*mo . VoaroN . san fimnoisco LeAANMMtS - IK>l*nAHO » Bbatm-a
'aNO. IMO •* *<«; »Mww* >r BMutw.
bOIm. ^LahuNME. laOiMHb.’-' 'tMbwM’ Iv I >«r fwr ; adU W a iriaiiM MMr. S atate.
OITFICS—>12 North fifth Street
Mitoriia PlMwia SM?
Daily Stedwtt PnbBcaitioii of Pnrdne UiiiYcrBity
■DltOBIAL BOAKD or GONTItOL M. J. Batoa chairaua; Hdan Creech, E. H. Morrie, !<. D. Wood.
BMTOBIAl. STArr
- ■ ...Jt H. Monie
IlMWBdlton-_JL A. BemeMe,^ B. Brook. A H. Fonter, A P. lbnk». C lU 8^ - • W. M. AntliAiiT. D. A BttOmr. i. A Cbaotn. 3. B. Cluk
Bidd nnd Bbuk Editor —
A a Bardia, C D. Sehroeder, A L Stortntok. A A A A KeUess. A A O’Neil ... . . Obaver
BUBlNaMI BTAIT . , . - A J. Hnlse
IMieul Aiwrtieinv MaiMcer
JU A Brown
... ..O. C- MOler
Adveitiains ABeStante.——
■ . . .w. J. GflUIan, A A Bensler. M. C. B^es J. P. Olraid
Cireolatiott ABsistants..
F. O. Kobbiiu, F. T. Swain
SPORn STAFF , ^ -A D. Wood
.W. H. Ttteld. & A OriffiOiS, A F. Obenehain
WOliBN*S BTAFF v ■■a.. _ __ ^Aelen tSMMh
imwiriSmwlSSMer
.. . .JIaamaa Jammatk, Doria lleCartniay, nUBabem Pyke -.JMW Barnett'
Issue Editor—^. L Stsnbadc
Gonservation Is Preservation
leviated in connection with the tragic New London School ex-
properly regulated. Testimony has brought out that tapping of a pipe line containing dangerous “wet” gas, one of the “useless” by-products of the oil fields, caused the school house tragedy. The gas had not been properly treated to make it “d^” and safe for commercial use in heating the school. The investigation has also revealed that tapping such lines is a rather common practice in the vicinity. It is done for the sake of economy .. . the socalled “economists” reasoning that it was cheaper to use the gas in its untreated form. The oil companies did not care. If no one wonted the treated gas» the surplus %et” gas was wasted. Under proper governmental regulation such by-products would be preserved, reated, and converted into their most useful form . . . not wasted in flaring fires above newly driven wells or pointlessly piped underground where persons un-
tices in the future. It is Indeed regrettable that such steps have not been taken already. We Americans are quite theargic, We do not have the long run viewpoint, probably because we are still young. When fear of exhausting our natural resources spurs us to the task, we may initiate adequate conservation measures. Why not initiate them now. Let’s not wait until further tragedies occur. —A. H. F.
Put chickens on a twelve-hour working day by means o| an alarm-
DANCE RECITAL by Pupils of the Allen School of Dancing Tues., Idarch 30, 8 :00 p. m. Social Dancins Follows Adm. 25c
Children’s Classes Open Saturday, April 3rd
^ 6th and Ferry
TODAY—FEIDAY—SATUKDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS I
^©UWMEH AT ,, URGE! t
Dick Foran UndBe/ond i. THE im
LIN da'PERRY ' I retie Fra n k I i n
Plus
clock attachment, is the recommendation of Prof. C. G. Gtird, head of Michigan State College’s poultry husbandry department, By getting them up two hours earlier, they will eat more food and lay more eggs, he says.', ^ .
BiBiBflii
HOME, home: Uii the range k . and the Mrd^ and the eUi^ottpe stay .for I roaint aiudi swing i > into the hotUha-cha-cha of thingis > and carry my snooping on, nil day
TOTTEN... WAIT’S walking partner finally ifnpressi^ii thu fact". . . then DWIGHT* cold feet , and, wouldn’t go in... AN APOLOGY I aUk forgiveness of the femmes, I think I sptdce too soon — For just the other day 1 saw A oo-ed not a guon.
Tl^O—RIESj IGNORING an amorous date never works ... ARGUING Vitl* » pashy Romeo always fails. .. REPROVING an ardent smoothie doesn’t help . ., Tit LAUGHING at him, co-eds, there’s no better FREEZE! —Kmitacky Kernel.
THAT SWEET YOUNG THING running around with MARY ANN KELSAY is her cousin ... Just call her MIRIAM .% . she may be indy 14 years out of—but she seems to have more on the ball than the gals she’s staying with ... at least she has taken a couple of good B. F.’s from the THETAS ...
:y,„ .^OTHER'BETA'RIN'loti'T will thUy. :e\^ . . . NOIlM FALMER, that BetU man whai T- -~-rrS around . . . gave his diamond studded shMd to his mdiuiiapolis Woman, ANN O’NIBIL ... another suckor bits^^the dust... DUMB DIALOGUES First KLUCK—I’m afraid I’ve lost my wallet. SECOND DITTO—'^ave you looked everywhere? FIMT SddUE—Ev^^here cept in my right rear pocket. SECOND KLUCK—Why not look there? FIRST DITTO—Because tlmt is where I always keep it and if it'^ hot there I’ll have hearty failure.
AND THE WISE GUY . .who phoned in and asked for the appearance of a pin story in yesterday’s column which involved WILMA EVISTON ... should be done away with . . V and they say WILMA is a swell kid and knows better than to take a pin,... at least she has none and is smart enough—so far . . . to not take one...
NATURE WORSHIPPERS . . . BOB SLAUGHTER and WRHer MANETTA OHMANN went hiking . tother day . . . they were especially particular to pick their path along untrodden ways . .. verification by VI DAMMEYER . . . BOB has deep love for sitting . . . love works wonder ...
WHO—MARS—WHO Thumb-nail sketchy again . . . only three this time.. try them ... they’re tough . . hand them in . . . at the UNION DESK by 4 today .. now try . . . N0.1— ; Now to him Seniors do go .. . his dress, exceptional to the toe .. . he’s rather tall... and boy, can he stall. NO. 2— A queen she really be .. . a lovely girl she am .. . sweet, demure, and all . . . and for her, all frosh ei^ineefs fall... . NO. 3— He recently took'an awful ride for something he was about to do.. has a girl named ... drives a giloppy aroun ^ . . always wants to
“Let’s slow down, Daisy-^I think we’re being followed!”
C. P. Hardy, steam' po;^er engineer and University graduate in mechanical engineering, has been added to the fuel engineering staff of Appalachian Coal, Inc, in Cin-, cinnati, 0., He has previously , had eight years of experience in the Newcastle, Ind., power plant of the Chrysler Corporation.
“C.” CARTER
Imt
K«9% Ln^du, Bieyelen Bobber Bteoiiie GENERAL REPAIRING
state A hsIii. W. lotferetto 2291^PHONE—2291
put the top down .
CANDY -- CIGARETTES We have forty different candy ban and thirteen branda of eicarettea. No waiting to awt aerved. i Dad’s Place > # . So Handy
IS HE NEARSIGHTED . . . I should say so . . . DWIGHT WAIT started put for the Chi O house ... to see his ROSALIE TOTTEN be walks along behind a gal practically all of the way^oyer . >i.';she turns in at tlie X 0 House ..'. it was
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Famous Stage Play Not a Picture
MATINEE f EVENING
2 Performances Only Saturday, APRIL 10 The Pavpyite ^age. Screen and Radio Star ' TAyLOR HOLMES inm^;
i\
^ /ii
f ^
<1 jf* ^
1 L
mS&Sim^&&2SM
miMIM
Frateraity BlisebaUerg Open Season hiterfraternity baseball competi-^ tion will begin immediately aftet spring vacation with the same system of division as has be^n used in the past. Division will be into two groups accpi^ing to the strength of the fraternity teams. In the weaker class there will be bnly 10 or 12 fraternities, two of which Will play in the finals. Of the other group the six best will enter the finals which will be played off in double elimipation« Sigs Defending Champs Last year the Sigma Chi squad won the chapipionship by winning every game in the final round. Ed Korty will be lost to the Sig squad this year as he is now^ a member of the varsity pitching staff.
FRESHMAN TRACK
All candidates for freshman track report in room 104 in the Armory Thursday at 4 p. m. / —ALLEN.
CONVINCES SKEPTICS!
SOMUHINGWONDairUlGOBONINSIDK HEPICO -- mmi aokwem A^CIOAII HOLDilS FINEST BRIAR MONEY CAN BUY
THE ONLY PATENTED “CELLOPHANE’'-SEALED FHTER-IT REALLY FILTE:RS
We Carry a Full Line of FRANK MEDICO PIPES H. G. "Deac" Refsner
amp
THE yUBPtlE mammamrnBmpBmwiPaaaapaiiimalaMmpHMamaiamBia
Golf CmMdAm . l|leet OrgRiiisc , For Comiiig Soaioii First call for varsity golf candidates to* meet Friday night gt 7 q’clock in room C of the Memorial Union Building Was issued last night by Coach Jack Bixler. In issuing the call, Bixler emphasized the fact that all varsity candidates, regardless of past experience, are e-v*pected to attend the meeting, as plans for the season’s activities will be completely outlined. The Boilermak^ golf squad must be virtually rebuilt around two veterans, Capt. Bob Smith and Carl. Freese, and there will be ample opportunity for newcomers to battle for a regular b^rth on the squad. Fencers Elect Next Year’s €o-captains James Seaborg and Scott McWilliams have been elected by the varsity fencers as co-captains of the team for next year. Both wilL be seniors, with three years’ of experience in fencing competition on Purdue teamf. Round robin competition among the freshmen aspirants, who have been working out for the last five weeks, will start in about two weeks to determine winners of numerals for this year. About 30 men will compete in four groups, with either 10 or 12 of the finalists receiving numerals.
Dean Mary L. Matthews, head of the school of home economics, has returned from a biennial convention of the American Association of University Women held in Savannah, Georgia, March 16 to 18. Mrs. R. B Stewart, president of the Lafayette branch, and Miss Phoebe Romberger also attended the convention.
SPARREINDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
ielder’^*... ..i.choice ( _ Boh Walpole imidl For busiest athlotO ^.. wo nominate Johnny Sines ... an end in the fall ... a forward in winter . . . and a shortstop and pole vaulter in the spring . . . —^fc— This trip to Louisiana that the baseball squad will take isn’t all milk and honey . . . practice all morning a real game in the afternoon . . . and a show in the evenihg if the vacationer can stand it. —fc— The Purdue nine did their practicing in the cow bam last night .... practically the same sqfiad that played last year . . ,. Bartz, Downey, Mangas, Martin, ^nd Rosser ott the twirling staff.... Lucas, Sines, and Waling in the infield . . Armon, Malaska, Mitchell, and Young in outfield . . . Krause behind the bat... all major lettermen last year .. —^fc— Also among the moundmen are Pop Doan’s son, Joe, and Ed Korty, champion interfraternity pitcher last year .... —^fc— People intending to do a lot of Gala Weeking are offered a very strenuous athletic program during that period . . . two baseball games with Indiana . . a track meet with Illinois ... a triangular tennis meet with Michigan and Iowa at the other two vertices ... a golf match with Notre Dame . . . the Gimleters are sponsoring a frosh-varsity football game . . . and also, according to the Gala Week special, ther^i will be a corner stone laying over at the fieldhouse ... all in three days. —fe— ' With Rossville beating Frankfort, Jeff bowing to Rochester ... Ham-
The thinkhur fellow eallo A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAKI CAB Black Can for Special Occaaiona 26c per paaaencer any part of tko dpr 5428 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
HERE ARE THE STYLES THAT WILL LEAD IN THE
Parade
A Stunning ArrayMarvelous at
SIZES 4 to'9 AAAA to fe
332 Main $t.
Many Others $1.99 to $4.95
Gabardines Doeskins Kids—Patenhi Exquisite shoes iVi exciting varieties—Swing straps—High-in-frents—Empire Modes—Pump? —High-laced ties' Every Spring Material and Color' ✓ HOSIERY 69c tp $1.00
PURjSESl TO MATCH
'$qOO
Yl
m
LafayettPf Ind.
10 To QuaUfy In Bowling Touriiey Saturday Will be the fiinal day on which student bowlers may roll tbeir qualifying rounds in the University toiiiraament. Most of the 104 students’' who have thus far entered the tourney have already rolled their qualifjring rounds. Saturday night the ten bowlers with the highest scored in the qualifying rounds will be announced. These students will then meet in the final round of the tourney after spring vacation. To date “Happy” Hooker has the highest aggregate score, 216-209-184—609, and Paul Eckstein has the high individual game 256.
PEP^ Will Offer Course In Horseback Riding Horseback riding will be offered for Credit as a spring acHvitiy in the women’s physical education program. The instruction in riding will be given by Sehultze at the University riding stable. The charge for the season will be $6.00 for eight lessons, which will be given from 1 to 3 in the afternoon. Girls wishing to take the course must arrange their own transportation. Although the class is primarily for freshmen and sophomores, aE others who are intel’ested may sign up in the Women’s Gym.
mond tripping Logan and then falling to Rochester ... it looks like Huntingburg or Rochester should complete the upsetting and ccUne through with a state championship in Indiana basketball at the Butler Fieldhouse next Saturday ... we make no predictions . . . —^fc— Dick Obenchain pinch hitting for Walpole today . . .
Dr. Harriett O’Shea, director of personnel service for women at the University, went to Indianapolis yesterday to address a dinner meeting of the Indianapolis P. T. A. council. ^
I DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST V llSVz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
' The Risk Dental Oinic DR. FAUX. A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK , DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Sehulti Bldg. Phone 6701
“DEAC” HAS ETBRTTHING ^ for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
BoselMaiTeamfomas^ 28 Games ThhSemou
Twenty-eight gnmes including six games in Louisisus next Week on a southern training trip, have been carded for Purdtie’s baseball nine this season, according to the announcement made by Director of Athletics Kizer yesterday. Twelve Big Ten games are included in the schedule which follows: Bchedule March 29—Centenary at Shieveitort, L*. March 39—Centenary at Shreveport, La. March 81—^Louisiana Tech at Bnston. La. April 1—^Louisiana Tech at Boston. La. April 2—^Louisiana Tech at Ruston, La. April 3—^Louisiana Tech at Rnston. La. April 18—Pnrdoe at Wabash. April 14—Wabash at Pordne April 22—Wahash at Pordne. April 24—^Purdue at Chicago April 26—Purdue at Botler (tentative!. April 27—Notre Dame at Purdue April 28—Butler at Purdue (tentative). April 80—^Indiana at Purdue May —^Indiana at Purdue May 6—Purdue at Illinois May 7—Chicago at Purdue May 10—^Louisiana Tech at Purdue May 11—^Louisiana Tech at Purdue. May 14—^Michigan at Purdue May 16—^Purdue at Notre Dame May 18—^Dlmois at Purdue. May 19—^Purdue at Wahash. May 21—Purdue at Indiana May 22—Purdue at Indiana. May 24—Ohio State at Purdue. May 27—Purdue at Minnesota May 28—^Purdue at Minnesota.
Centenary^ Atm Pint ObgiAfih At j Fehring’t Carmt^ Willinm 'Utrtch'' Fehring, tmtijt a|i|>oittt^ head baseball wilt for the s^nd time, hmigxfmUt a new phase in biS atUeb^ earec*^ with a battle against Centeoary College, Sbrev^Knt, La. Sophottuhre Grid Stw As a sophomore at Pnedue ^faem be eventnally earned'reeogttiticnt as one of the greatest all-arotaid grid stars in Big Ten Metorf, Febriz^ started the first game of Ms football career against Centenary in the fall of 1931. Now, as Pttrdne’^s head baseball coach, Fehring is to start his career as a diamond mentmr against Centenary, in the first tilt of a six-game southern training trip that trill be concluded with four games against Louisiana Tech., at Rnston, La.
, m
A goodwill court in whidi students -will be able to air their griev-^ ances has been established at Cornell University.
Please Preserve The Grass To the Students of the Universily: The steadily increasing tendency on the part of certain students to run across the grass areas of the campus is observed today with considerable regret. Some students ap^ pear unmindful of the long-time sentiment attached to such places as the Oval. In the newer areas of the campus, where the Trustees of the University are making spedal, efforts to landscape and otherwise to devel(^ the grounds/ but scanty attention is paid to the Tlease* signs. This has resulted in considerable damage to sections which have recently been planted. To protect toe University against toe losses of money, time, and appearance due to these acts of 'Vandalism, the Superintendent of Physical Plant has been instructed to apprehend those who insist upon waUdng across toe Oval, the newly planted areas lying west and south of toe Executive Building^ and the circle in front of toe building. Such students will thus become liable to penalties similar to those c ’’ imposed upon those 'violating the campus parking rules. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
For Active Days Archer IFalking Shiffons N are created especially for the woman whose days are crowded with activities. Absolutely free from rings, shadows and streaks, they are amazingly sheer and clear . . . yet they are made to give the wear practical women demand, ^ Colors to fit the season. Styles for all occasions. $1.00 the Pair—3 Pair for $2.85 Thieme & Wangerin Co. West Side Square
^rc\\er ^sier4*■ >, f
1 1';
It i
f A
V
gassifiMi Ads.
*rtM5WRm;iis*-ABi#tN0 ma. ClKlKESi boagM^ scdd, ranted ibd NiXtired. Supjplien for *11 machines <3. Fi Ebmshoff, 605 Main street. Phone 27*79.
Desired—Ride to Buffalo, New York, this Saturday. Stems. Call 8400.
Leaving For Florida—Saturday, March 27. Can take one passenger; share expenses. Phone 41061.
Portable Victrola—And records, library tables, card tables, practically new, electric coffee percolators. Tuxedo suits, mirrors, back number magazines Ic to 5c each. Books, lots of them. Moore’s Colonial Maiket, 220 N Fifth street.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop la Om VARSITY BOOT SHOP
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
^RVICE _ _ OStc* SUtfoAMy. VmMIiis laviWiaM
— fate Book$,Etc...
.Tg628 CASSEL’S 4oc»8ii
Wanted'-’^Ride to Detroitor Flint Saturday mornihg. Call Woldy kt 45891.
NOTICES N« MHrticM acMptfai after i a. m.
Oraaaic Chemistir ConditioM—Eheamina* dob for the removal Of conditlone in Chemistry 29 and 107 Will be held In room
the Education Bnilding; at 1 p. m. Amrll 10. . . -i general
Applications must be made at the office in die Chemistry Building before the Spring recess. —NELSON.
Castles In The Ait Cast—Will all members of the cast please call for personal property which was left in the Union check room. All of this property wnich is not called for before spring vacation will be turned in to the dean of men and coniiscated. —McLEOD.
General Chemistry Conditions—^Examinations for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p m. April 10. Applications must be made at the freshman office in the Chemistry Building not later than April 7 —ALLEN, HASS. TEST
Skull and Crescent—^All money for Cotillion or tickets must be in to me before the spring recess / —CABONARGI
Zouaves—^Those who ordered keys and have not made payment please bring $1.66 to Triangle house as soon as possible —MURRAY
Agricultural Engineering Conditions—^Examinations for removal of conditions in A E 22 for surveying will be held in room 204 of the old Agricultural Engineering Building at 1 o’clock, April 10 Applications must be made in same building before spring recess —SPENCER
Farm Management Conditions—^Examinations for the removal of conditions in Farm Management 1 will be held April 10, at 1
-MAUCH.
Physics lb—A condition examination will be given April 10 at 1 p m in room 2 of the Physics Building —SHERMAN
Bowlers—Alleys 1 and 2 will be reserved March 25 from 8 30 until 10 30 p m for tournament play. —STUCKY
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
KEYS
Keys for trunka, door locks, fate: locks, night latches snd padlscks. Auto keys snd handle locks s spseiate. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son FhSns 2828 Lsfsyetts, bid.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
GIVE... BUY... BEG OR HINT FOR THESE LUCIEN LELONG PERFUMES
s Whatever else there is—^be sure there’s Parfum “Indiscret” to make this Easter a flattering success. A glorious perfume that every one enjoys, admires ... or envies! $5 $7.50 $10 and more
a To w«ar "Oitalae iB to CbcI Mea the star Hw pecfocnunee. Yon can jnst hear the applause, the gaie^, the ezcitemeDt. tSJO IS nOandi
a TIiM«^aqiedalihifflto”Gaidenia’* by Loeim Ldong—a perfome hi Hm grand manner—marveloiidy true to the flower. Another one icic Bat. IS and more
a ‘Teothouse” gathers fiMr perfomes under one roof ffir a perfectly stunning gift Contains ^'OpenhlK Night”, "Whisper”, "Gaidteihr aiid"Moa]hiage” •S.W IS irJi
DECKER’S
Phone 5477
W. A. A, Bowling'-.^’ foflowihg nkteh ^11 hd/plsyedL at 8f|to p. m, JUaroli llB; KSIlpk Amha Theta Alpha ki Delte. iNtrdas iMigiltefa iatteril^W-^AlI lihi^hid subscriptions are due at once. Please send II td Purilue Enlibeer, Memorial iMon Building. —glabsman.
festival Day DanCe-^FolIoyring giris will meet in the Women’s GyiunksiUin, March 26 at 4 p, m.lBarbara Gibbs, Sally MacDerinit, Jean Whitney, Mary Eileu Pdfesman, Dixie Gist Fay Pendergrass, Florence Sequartz, Harriett Billings^ Lucie Prentice, Viminia Beck. The folloWiUg girls meet in the Women’s Gymnasium at 4 iSd March 26 s June YoiiUg, CMqr Boe^ Bileea DeVault Mary Marjorie Helm, Pauline George, Ruth Hall, Alice Harrington, and Elizabeth Barmen, —CREPPS.
Co-eds—There will be no mixed recreation in the Wonfen’s Gyfnnasium March 26. —SCHWBHN.
Kappa Delta PI—Meeting March 26 at 7 P m. in room D of the Memorial Union Building —CHANCELLOR
Ward 17—Any student living in Ward 17 (Lafayette) who is interested in playing intramural baseball this spring call 6449 between 6 and 7 p. m. March 26. —GERSHUNY
Festival Day—^The following persons will meet in the Women’s Gym March 26 at 4 30 p m Young Roe UeVault, George, Hall, Harrington, Barmes, Helm —SMALL
Senate—Short, important meeting in room B of the Memorial Union Building March 26 at 4 p m —MARTIN
'Ml. f)'-
kxfi A ^ ’* ■*' 4.
' ft' *• i\.
"it
M J <1 1 \
n'Li i
n
0/
it
1#
(. ^
1
A
;dtEiNiD
\ fi'
%;/ f, '■’ft ^ A
Vox’ll see
Clollii^E on Elsler than ever befok«^
X f?.
I'ijs. f ^
Eacih year an increase in the number of people who depend on Crown Cleaning.
/ S ^ V. ii* ll
Y. W. C A —Cabinet meet in the office at 4 p m March 25 —JONES
Students May Vse Celluloid Rolls Instead Of Books By E, H, Kellogg
College education and libraries without books are a possibility in the next few years. Fantastic as the statement may sound it may be carried out by using the science of photography. Bookless Libraries Imagine huge librai;ies in large buildings condensed to a small storage room with all the books (in Aims) available for use. The stu-
dents supply of books in the future would consist simply of several small rolls of Aims, representing as many books, which could be carried in a small containei;. Projectors which can be bought for a few dollars would throw the still pictures on a small screen. Page after page would flash on the screen for use by instructor or student. Rare books and historical documents, too valuable to be used, could be made available for a very nominal sum. Bibliohlm Service In November, 1935, Bibliofilm Service was inaugurated in the library of the United States Department of Agriculture at Washington, D. C. For a small sum, films of research books and other information are sent to experiment sta^
tions all over the country. Theae film strips are simply a related number of stills that can be moved at will on a roll film.
Raymond I. Hoaglin, of Crawfordsville, an assistant in the chemistry department of the University, was operated on yesterday for abscess of the ear.
A handmade microscope worth $1,500, probably the only one of its
Scobee*s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
kind in the United States, is owned by Dr. W. N. Christopher, assistant professor of bacteriology at Louisiana State University.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN Sc LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 Eaot Main
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHN SPERB
m-24 Mrin
Boake Carter speaking:
"Luckies don't catch your throat—they^re easy a^id smooth”
**TTic thing I prize most is my reputation for saying what I think* Here’s what I sincerely think about smoking—it*s one of the greatest pleasures in die world, but it can be utterly spoiled by throat irritation* My job*s tough on the throat and 1 have to be careful to keep my voice clear* Long ago I found that Luckies are easy and smooth and don*t catch your throat* That means every* thing in a job like mine* Next time you hear the ustud *Cheerio* at the end of my broadcast, you can picture me reaching for a Lucky an instant later,**
An
independent survey was made recently
among professional men and women—lawyer^, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc* Of those who said they smoke cigarettes, more than 87% stated they
personally prefer a light smoke*
Mr* Carter verifies the wisdom of this preference, and so do other leading artists of the radio, sts^e, screen and opera* Their voices are their fortunes* That’s why so many ot them smoke Luckies* You, top, can have the throat protection of Luddes—a light smoke, free of certain harsh irritants removed by the excltji£live process ^Tt^s Toasted”* Xuckies are gentle on the throat*
THE FINEST TOBACCOS-* *nril£ CREAM OF THE CROP’’
A Light Smoke
”11*8 Tbasted”-Your Throat Protection
AGAINST ptlUTATlON—AGAINST COUGH
OlWrfiM unf, flw4a«rtcuTobiM^Ofa|M(r