Predict 1200 Students To Register
Z-l«5
FoundMi Jn 18S9
Xf3X^4ieKt § Daily Shica 1906
Volume 5, No. 1
Summer Sessions Exponent
Thursday, June 12, 1941
4-H Round-Up Ends With Selection Of 9 1st Convo
Program Tomorrow
Opening Mixer Follows Concert By Studebaker Male Chorus At 8 PM
Girls, 7 Boys As State Health Champs
Dairy, Poultry, Egg Champions Named Concluding Day Sixteen county champions, nine girls and seven boys, qualified for “Honor Group” as the healthiest of Indiana’s 4-H Club members at the conclusion of the annual contest held in connection with the twentythird annual Round-Up at the University which ended yesterday. The members of the “Honor Group” were selected from 37 girls and 30 boys, representing 38 different counties in the state. The girls who were named thd select group, and the counties they represented were as follows; Marilyn Scudder, Shelby; Phyllis Hoffman, Noble; Maxine Deitmeyer, 'Wayne; Jean Shrode, Spencer; Marthan Anne Vinson, Randolph; Maxine Warnock, Jay; Louise Wilson, Hamilton; Eleanor Krick, Ripley; Maxine Maudlin, Washington. Boy County Champs The seven exponents of health selected from the boy county champions were: Carl Scott, Delaware; Leonard Himes, Montgomery; Kay Nelson, LaGrange; Bill McConnell, Monroe; Ward Nelson, Washington; Edwin Bullerman, Allen, and William Ford, Gibson. In the special dairy cattle judging contest, Har^cock county, which was coached by Wayne Myers, assistant county agent, walked off with the team honors and shared individual honors. The trio of Charles Barnhart and Kenneth Tost, Greenfield, and Wayne Thomas, Indianapolis, Route 12, scored 496 to take the team trophy, while Thomas tied for individual honors with Jim Schetzsle, of Route 2, Wabash, at 176. Other Places In the team competition, Owen county finished second; Tippecanoe, third; Porter, fourth; Wabash, fifth; Fulton, sixth; Warrick, seventh; Fountain, eighth; Jennings, ninth, and Miami, tenth. Announcement of the winners in the poultry and egg judging preceded a final general session yesterday afternoon which was addressed by Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, on “Health Is Our Heritage.” , Blackford Team Dominates The Blackford county team, composed of Charles Reff and Junior Cline, of Montpelier, and Warren Emshwiller, of Hartford City, dominated the poultry and egg judging contest, not only taking the blue ribbon on the combined judging of poultry and eggs, but first place on the judging of eggs alone and third place in judging poultry alone. Hancock county came to the foi’e in poultry judging, with a team composed of Donald Liebrandt, Charles Welter, and Harold Brodburg, all of Greenfield, coached by Keith Alsbury, vocational agriculture teacher. The winners ^cored 1666 points out of a possible 1800, followed by Vigo county, second; Blackford, third, and Madison,
fourth.
Warren Emshwiller, of the Blackford team, was the high individual on both poultry and eggs and eggs alone, while Charles Reff, of jthe Blackford team was the high individual on poultry. Wabash county, taking the blue (Continued on page 3)
1st Music Meeting Tonight
Will Organize Groups . For Summer Musical AefiviHes At 7:30 PM Summer^ session musical activities will open tonight with an introductory meeting at 7:30 p. m. of all students interested in music organization work during the suramer. The meeting, at which A. P. Stewart, director of musical activities, will preside, will be held in the music studios located in the Hall of Music. Entrance is through the southwest corner door marked “Musical Organizations.” There will be no try-outs for the various organizations, Stewart said, all who are interested may participate.
Instructors For Short Courses In Dramatics And Folk Dancing
First Songfest The first of three songfests scheduled for the summer session will be held in the Hall of Music Thursday, June 19, at 8 p. m. Joseph M. Ragains, assistant University choral director, will conduct. As a special feature of the evening’s program the Philharmonic Quartet, a group of professional singers, will offer a program of light opera and semi-classical selections from such works as: Madame Butterfly, II’ Trovatore, Tales of Hoffman, La Traviatia, Aida, Merry Widow, Rio Rita, Fortune Teller, New Moon, Blossom Time, Three Musketeers. All members of the group are from opera companies: Bernice Celeste, soprano, Chicago Civic Opera; Marion Huebner, contralto, Chicago Opera; Enrico Clause, tenor. La Scala Opera, Milano;. and Ruffo, internationally famous bass-baritone. This quartette has been enthusiastically received in many of the large cities and musical centers, and last Easter was invited to sing with the Cleveland Orchestra at Severance Hall in celebration of Opera Week. 20 Persons, Register For Special Rural County Superintendents' Course Approximately 20 persons have enrolled this week for the “Workshop in Rural Education for County Superintendents of Public Schools” two weeks’ intensive course. This is the first year that such a course has been offered in the state. Two .semester credit hours will be given for the course. The course is designed as a discussion class, in which actual problems confronting county superintendents will be discussed. Prof. B. C. Lawson, of the department of education and applied psychology, is in charge of the course, assisted by C. R. Koopman, assistant, state superintendent of public instruction in Michigan.
Two three-day short courses in dramatics and folk dancing, conducted by Alice White (left), dramatics instructor at Greenwich (Conn.) Academy, and janet Tobitt (right), specialist in folk songs and dances, will provide special instruction designed to prepare college men and women for leadership in community recreation. The first of the two short courses opens Monday and will continue through Wednesday, and the second will run from Thursday through Saturday. The curriculum has beqn planned so that*students may enter either or both of the courses as thete will be no overlapping of material.
Demonsfrate Methods Boilermakers Lose
Of War Fire Defense At Fire School Flere
45 Senior Athletes At Commencement
The importance of the ^ole of the fire fighter in national defense and a demonstration of methods of combatting incendiary bombs were emphasized last Friday at the closing session of the eighth annual Indiana Fire School at the University, with close to 800 firemen from all parts of the state in attendance. Col. Walter S. Drysdale, commanding officer of Fort TTenjamin Harrison, in discussing the army’s interest in fire fighting and firfe j)revention, expressed the opinion that if it had not been for well organized, well equipped, and well trained fire -fighting forces. Great Britain would not have been able to withstand the terrific Nazi assault as successfully as it has to date. “Not A One Man Game” “Fire fighting is not a one man game, but calls for coordinated effort on the part of all agencies,” said Col. Drysdale. “Experience shows that sabotage is a means whereby the enemy attacks and that loss by fire as a result of sabotage constitutes the principal loss in essential war supplies and essential transportation systems. “Don’t be surprised at sabotage,” continued Col Drysdale. “We must expect sabotage as a result of deliberate, careful, scientific planning.” He advocated careful planning by federal and local authorities for the protection of key points or key systems of transportation, as well as planning within industry it-^ self. Extinguishing Methods Emmett Cox, fire department engineer of the Indiana Inspection Bureau, and assistant director of the Fire School, conducted a striking demonstration of methods of extinguishing magnesium-thermite types of incendiary bombs, which generate a heat as high as 4380 de(Continued on page 3)
Commencement exercises Sunday brought to a close the collegiate careers of a great group of 45 senior lettermen who have been big factors in the Boilermaker athletic successes of recent years. Heaviest losses are inflicted on the football squad, which loses 13 major lettermen, followed by the track squad with 9. Other squad losses are as follows: basketball, 7 baseball, 6; pistol, 5; wrestling, 4 swimmipg, 4; golf, 2; squash, 2
tennis, 2.
National Recognition Among the senior group are a number of performers who have won national recognition, including seven two-sport men. The double letter winners are headed by Dave Rankin, Warsaw, All-American football end and track star, and Mike Byelene, Massillon, Ohio, who scintillated on both the gridiron and
diamond.
Five Other Two-Sport Men The other five two-sport men are A1 Rossi, Pekin, 111., football and wrestling; Forest Weber, Plainfield, basketball and track; George Doherty, Pt. Pleasant, N. Y., baseball and football; Ted Tycocki, Lansing, Mich., track and football, and Keith Correll, Robinson, 111., football and
basketball.
Watercolor Landscapes On Exhibit Through June Throughout this, month an exhibition of watercolor landscapes and marine scenes by a twenty-five year old California artist, David Scott, will be on view in the Music Rbom on the second floor, of the Union
Building.
The paintings which consist in the main of desert, mountain and seaport scenes are marked by a rapid, vigorous style and an emphasis on the rich colors and textures of the things the artist has painted.
The summer session convocation and social calendar opens tomorrow night with a concert by one of the Middle West’s outstanding musical organizations, the Studebaker Male Chorus of 45 voices, at 8 p. m. in the Union Building followed by the opening mixer in the north ballroom with Irv Given and his campus orchestra furnishing the music. Concert And Dance Free Both the concert and the dance following will be free to everyone. As’usual coats and ties will be worn by men. During the dance refreshments will be served. Studebaker Chorus The Studebaker Chorus, which is conducted by Ethel Stuart Gaumer, is an organization composed of men employed at the Studebaker plant in South Bend. Kathryn Moller, pianist, will appear with the chorus as soloist and assistant accompanist. Virginia Smith, South Bend soprano, will jpresent several selections with the chorus. The chorus will present such popular numbers during the concert as Ave Maria, Mother Mach^ee, 01’ Man River, and the Italian Street Song. 30 Attend Annual Fraternity School; Closes Tomorrow Thirty students from six states are attending the second annual training school for fraternity officers. The school opened Monday and will be concluded tomorrow. Students, representing 20 Greek letter organizations, are here from the Universities of Pittsburgh, Illinois, Kentucky, and Purdue and from Lawerence and Marietta Colleges. Buts In Charge Dr. E. L. Butz, of the University farm management department, is in charge of the school. Speakers thus far have included Controller R. B. Stewart, national president of Alpha Chi Rho, on the place , of training schools in fraternity affairs; Walter J. Milliard, representative of the National Municipal League on group action and discussion; Dean M. L. Fisher on public relations; Dean Fred L. Turner, University of Illinois, national officer of the SAE fraternity and W. M. Walden, New York City, national secretary of Alpha Chi Rho, on initiation. Dr. J. Holmes Martin, Purdue poultry head and former national head of Alpha Gamma Rho, Deans Fisher and Turner and Dr. Gilbert Wrenn, of University of Minnesota, on fraternity adjustments in a changing world. Dr. Wrenn also discussed fraternity scholarship; Associate Dean V. C.'Freeman, on duties of a fraternity president, and Deajti G. Herbert Smith of DePauw University spoke on pledge training.
Twenty-five
. . .' vocational agriculture students and their fathers from Potomac, 111., are visiting the University ag campus and farms today. The group will be shown the campus and farms by Prof. G. M. Frier, head of the University short courses and exhibits department.
Start At 8AM^ Close At 4 Today With the weatherman’s assurance of cool and wet weather, registration for the 1941 Summer Session will begin at 8 a. m. this morning in the Exexcutive Building. By the close of the registration period at 4 p. m., an enrollment of 1200 was predicted by Summer Session Director F. B. Knight yesterday. Readjusts Statement Dr. Knight amended his statement quickly, however, by saying that registration predictions are just slightly more uncertain than predicting prices of wheat futures. It seems certain that the 1941 enrollment will be somewhat beneath the number last summer. $3 Fee For Late Registrants For late registrants, a fee of $3 will be charged before class cards will be issued. Regular classes start tomorrow morning. The chemical engineering school will have a particularly large enrollment, Knight said, present indications being that registration in that school will reach 165. Most of the chemicals registered Monday and are already at work. In addition to the number enrolled in the curricula on the campus, a large number pf students will be at forestry and civil camps, and a group of ROTC students will be in summer training at Fort Emox, Ky., for six weeks. Uphold Democratic Principles, Elliott Message To Seniors “Unless men and women, trained and educated, as you have been, give proof now that they have been schooled in the fundamental principle of democracy, the voluntary service of the best, then democrahy as an ideal and a social fromula will not work,” declared President Edward C. Elliott in a prepared statement which accompanied each of 1280 diplomas presented to the 1941 graduating class at the University’s sixty-seventh annual commencement exercises Sunday afternoon. “Each of yon, whether in" high or humble place, must give personal proof that the faith of a people striving for freedom through education has not beeU in vain, nor misplaced in you.” The commencement exercises were highlighted by the conferring of honorary degrees on four eminent American citiaeris, as follows: Secretary of Agriculture Claude R. Wickard, a-native Hoosier and 1915 graduate in agriculture from Purdue—Doctor of Agriculture. Major General Lesley"J. McNair, chief of staff of General Headquarters of the U. S. Army in Washington, who was military commandant at Purdue from 1924 to 1928—^Doctor of Laws. Frederick C. Ki*oegei‘, vice-presi-dent of General Motors and general manager of the Allison Division in Indianapolis, a 1911 electrical engineering graduate of Purdue—Doctor of Engineering. Dr. Karl B. McEachron,-famed research engineer of the General Electric Co., Pittsfield, Mass., a Purdue staff member from 1918 to 1923—Doctor of Science. Excerpts from President ElliotPs statement to the graduating class, which represented 89 counties in the state, 27 other states, and five foreign countries, were as follows: “Were these, my final wmrds for the members of the class of 1941, to have a title, then *A Fantasy in Pacts Major’ would be apt. For our worlc( of 1941 presents fantastic and tragic patterns of life. In these patterns the long-accepted human aspirations are seen distorted! through terrifying, inhuman realities. Success for self is shadowods by doubt of the survival of an humane civUiaation. Even so» yon (Continued <m page 81
M2—£diiA.
mm
Thursday, June. 12, 1941
S^WulusL £xpomnL
Fifth/Column
Well, here we go againXWe slapped this column down once. And buried it dee'^But like England’s kings there is no death. The fifth c<numn is deajl^ Long live the fifth column.
Rumors in Washington have it that the Ame^can freighter Robin Moor was sunk well within the territorial waters of the western hemisphere by an unknown raider. And Washington’s roomers are somewhat upset. So they are rushing around investigating, and urging a nation . . . Which is hardly aware of the fact that a ship has been sunk. * + >)■ Not to judge too hastily. * * * The trouble with this war is that the Nazis aren’t cooperating. The American people got to have a reason for fight^ing. Mostly. Our Irish blood is getting kind of thin. Take for instance the Zam Zam incident. First the Germans sink it. Then two weeks later we find out and start to holler. And just as we get a good “inci-
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Action 1103, act of October 3, 191T, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and bi-weekly during Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents. PUBLICATION STAFF Editor: J. L. TRAUGOTT Bus. Mgr.: D. S. POWERS
Editorial 4005
PHONES Business 8471
dent” all cooked up about the wanton murder of American neutral volunteer ambulance drivers. They spike our guns . . . By producing the passengers. And now all we have to remember. Is the Maine. * * The army now finds itself in the business of making airplanes. At North American. And some 12,000 workers are in the process of being reclassified for the draft. Now all the strikers have to do is decide whether they want $30 . . . A week or a month.—dkh
Predict 1200 (Continued from page 1) must strive to see the Facts Major. “The first of the domiri^t Facts is that modern civilization has been a steady struggle, through peace and through war, to protect and to increase the inherent worth of the individual. . . . Purdue University and like institutions were conceived for the guarantee of the rights of personality. Today this concept of human life is challenged by the demons of devastation and dominion. From this moment you must not fail to comprehend the contest between the freedom of individualism and the fanaticism of collectivism — of the combat between men as free individuals and mankind as an unfree mass. “The second Fact Major is that Democracy must be constantly energized by free men who are unselfish. ... It is well for you to remember that the negation of Democracy IS a slavery called dictatorship, made possible only by many unfree men under the domination of the selfish few.” Following the conferring of the bachelor, advanced, and honorary degrees and the awarding of commissions in the Field Artillery Reserve Corps and Naval Reserve, President Elliott announced the annual awards to outstanding students in various fields of endeavor. William Neff, of Madison, Wis., a tackle on the football squad who was graduated in public service engineering, was awarded the Big Ten medal for the best all-around record
in scholarship and athletics. The Flora Roberts Medal for the best all-around woman member of the graduating class was awarded to Joyce Burnham, of West Lafayette, a distinguished student in the school of science. Demonstrate (Continued from page 1) grees Fahrenheit and throw fire for 50 feet. Cox pointed out that present types of extinguishers encourage rather than discourage incendiary bombs, and that the only practical method discovered so far is smothering with dry sand. In connection with the demonstration, Cox also showed the method used in removing burning bombs from buildings with long handled devices preparatory to smothering. 2,000 Men Will Be Trained He also pointed out that within the next six months, through the medium of divisional fire service schools conducted ove rthe state by the University, the Indiana Inspection Bureau, and the State Fire Marshal’s office, some 2,000 men will be trained to teach the general public how to combat incendiaries.
H. D. Elijah
. . . 1937 agricultural graduate of the University, who has been on the animal husbandry staff at the University of Missouri since graduation, has resigned to accept a position with the Livestock Producers Commission Company of East St. Louis, 111.
BETHHIieHES - pBeE MONTBOMEBV ^ on Mowbray • Robert Conway • John Jjiili&lLOllihdrd lon^'* Robert Emmett Keone
SHOULD I tke WG4f 9 did?" For you who thrilled to "Stella DaUas” and "The Old Maid”—a st:(tring story of a woman’s -romance!
RICHARD A. ROWLAND pre.t-M/s ' / ’ lllljlHIN FOIIJIISN ItlSIlOP MARTHA SCOTT •/'wilLiAM °GARGAN
Edmund Gwann • Sidney BkKknier* Dotolliy PetersM SteHios Nolieway* Domdd Dougin •JHaidm liont • Lois Ronson — STARTS TODAY —
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
with RoberB Coote Virginia Voie Emma Dunn Elaine Shepord :KO RADIO Picture
-AND-
— ALSO — 'MYSTERIOUS DR. SATAN' FIRST RUN NEWS
AIR CONDITIONED
STARTS TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE
The Devil will be your host in this amazing challenge to detective Story Fans! ^ KENETH KENT JUDY KELL\
The Screen's most lovable rogue who could talk a jury or a woman out of anything! '' THE MAN WHO TALKED TO MUCH with GEORGE BRENT VIRGINIA BRUCE
Make the
Your Summer Home Enjoy: • The Cafeteria • The Chestnut Room • The Sweet Shop • The Billiard Room • The Grill Lounge • The Browsing Room • The Music Room • The Coffee Shop • Banquet Rooms / • Bowling Alleys • Lounges AUnion room available for faculty and students—quiet, private room. Each room is equipped with a private shower and telephone. \ JhsL S^iVulusL TyiemouaL lAniotL The Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of College Activities^ i V, ^ j j:f'
U ii i}rp ^
» x,>
>i/’}*
,\ji?'» X / *' ‘i X 'ff' '
f jt )
-njs$ ^ »
/ 5 ^ W"f‘
S^uhdwL £xfiomnL
Thursday, June 12, J941
3
4-H Round-Up ' (Continued from page 1) ribBon Oft^ beef cattle, and placing second on swine, horses, and sheep, captured the livestock judging trophy, one of the main awards of the 4-H Club Round-Up session Tuesday. The victorious combinatidn was composed of three' North Manchester youngsters, Norman Little, George Welch, and Bob Frieden, all of whom finished high in the indi-
vidual standings. Little, who took first in beef cattle judging, finished in a tie with Ralph House, Arcadia, a member of the Hamilton county team, for individual honors on all four classes of livestock, while Frieden took fifth and Welch ninth. Hamilton county, paced by House, who was second high individual on both horses and swine, took the runnerup honors to Wabash, with a 1992 total. The other members of the Hamilton county team, coached by Robert Stehman, vocational agriculture teacher at Noblesville,
were Jack Webb and George Perry, both of Arcadia. The trio finished first on horses, third on swine, fifth on sheep, and sixth on beef cattle. Third place went to a trio from Flora, William Wertz, Paul Johnson, and Charles Dillman, representing Carroll Courvfe^ Following WabasE, Hamilton, and Carroll in order in the judging on all classes of livestock were the following county teams: Henry, 1883; Wayne, 1868; Marion, 1830; Tippecanoe,” 1817; Putnam, 1811; Daviess, 1806; LaGrange, 1806.
There was spirited competition for both team and individual honors in the four different classes of the livestock competition. Wayne county’s fifth place team, composed of Marshall Mohler, Charles Benson, and Keith Ulerick, all of Hagerstown, was the belated winner of swine honors when a reoheck of the records revealed that a clerical error in checking entries numbers had resulted in annotmcing Washington county as the winner earlier in the day. There were no other changes in team placlngs, as
Deac’s AT T. BOOKS AND SUPPLIES FOR SUMMER SCHOOL AT PURDUE Deac’s H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE
■ ESTABUSHED 1908 —
H. G. REISNER 325 STATE STREET
H. G. REISNER, IR. WEST LAFAYETTE
Congratulations To Graduating ClassThose With Honor
The following list contains the names of those graduates whose degrees are awarded with distinction. Highest distinction is indicated by an asterisk.
Bernice Jean Beisel Ruth Marion Bennett* Jesse Milton Cohen Charlotte Ann Finney* Mary Margaret Graves Robert ArUot Hoffer
Science John O’Donnell MacFarlane Laurence Mork Miller Wayne Eugene Musser* Clarence Lee Norquest Dennis Joseph Quinlan*
Home Economics
‘ Agriculture Maurice’Wayne Adams Raymond Eugene McBride Timothy Hobert Blosser Robert Payne ~ Sidney Benjamin Legg* John Ersel Walley
Civil Engineering
George Rodgers Campbell Lewis Brown McCammon, Jr.
Clarence Harold Myers*
Marie Isabelle Allen Thelma Marie Bugher Sally Grace Free* Dorothy Carmen Miller* Mary Edith Monk*
Clare Reyburen Beeler James Rollie Blackwell
Lucille Eileen Osborn Ruth Irene Parker* Irene Sutherlin (Jan., 1941) Ruth Elizabeth Swickard
Forestry Elmer Willard Shaw
Albert Dale Milton Lewis^
Electrical
Louis Edward Aull Chin Pao-Hsiung (Aug., 1940) Norman Jesse Haiflich William Lewis Holcombe Charles Wendolin Leber, Jr. Edward Sherman McKee* William Giles Meese*
Engineering ' George Franklin Montgomery* William James Pitcher* (Jan., 1941) Vernon Byron Westburg Victor August Woodling William Gaylord Wright
Chemical Engineering
Mechanical Seth Bernard Anderson David George Blaine Wayne Hale Bookmiller (Jan,, 1941) # Jeanne Marie Chandler* Dwight Ridgway Cooley Warren Kenneth Grise* LeRoy Grant Hansen Lois Vashti Hollingsworth Donald Hill Jacksoir
Engineering Edward Otto Nordsiek Marshall Monroe Richards Albert Paul Schnaible* William Robert Shelmerdine (Jan., 1941) Norman Frederick Smith Kenworthy James Thompson* Tsai Hong-Ji* Henry Paul Wist Philip Wolever Wolverton
Lloyd George Alexander Robert Eugene Howard (Aug., 1940) George Robert Jungerman Kenneth Norman Kettenring, Francis Edward Reese, Jr.*
Marshall Sittig* (Aug., 1940) Thomas John Richard Stephens* Joh nCoerper Van Horn (Jan., 1941) Ralph Isaac Williams
Metallurgical Engineering Charles Julian Schaefer Robert Joseph Schier Public Service Engineering Mark Edward Keane
Peter Anderson Garage
AFTER YOU —WE COME FIRST
525 Alabama St,
Phone 4048
follows: Wabash, second; Hamilton, third; Marion, fourth; Marshall, fifth; LaPorte, sixth; LaGrange, seventh; Henry, eighth; Fountain, ninth, and Putnam, tenth. ’There were any number of changes in the revised individual standings on swine, however, the final list being as follows: Marshall Mohler, Hagerstown, first; Ralph House, Arcadia, second; Jack Webb, Arcadia, third, and Willard Abbott, Greencastle, and Keith Ulerick, Greensfork, tied for fourth. Other placings by teams and individuals were as follows: BEEF CATTLE Teams — Wabash, first; Carroll, second; LaGrange, third; Vanderburgh, fourth; Marshall, fifth; Hamilton, sixth; Switzerland, seventh; LaPorte, eighth; Henry, ninth; Sullivan, tenth. Individuals — Norman Little, North Manchester, first; Paul Johnson, Flora, second; Ralph House, Aveadia, third; Hubert Rowe, LaGrange, fourth; Paul Dillman, Flora, and Bob Frieden, North Manchester, tied for fifth. SHEEP Teams — Carroll, first; Wabash, second; Henry, third; Putnam, fourth; Hamilton, fifth; Tippecanoe, sixth; Vanderburgh, seventh; Spencer, eighth; Wasme, ninth, LaGrange, tenth. Individuals—Paul Johnson, Flora, first; William Wertz, Flora, second; Richard Saggers, Millersburg, third; Estle Cantonwine, Greencastle, route 1, fourth; Forrest Johnson, Stockwell, fifth. HORSES Teams—Hamilton, first; Wabash, second; Carroll, third; Daviess, fourth; Orange, fifth; Marion, 6sixth; Spencer, seventh; Sullivan, eighth; Hendricks, ninth; Henry, tenth. Individuals—Rex Crane, Elnora, first; Ralph House, Arcadia, second; Charles Dillman, Flora, and Billy West, Orleans, tied for third; Bill McCammon, Paxton, fifth. Name Karl Lark-Horovitz To Head Scientific Body Dr. Karl Lark-Horovitz, head of the physics ''department, was recently named president of the University branch of the American Association of Scientific Workers. Other officers elected include Dr. H. B. Hass, vice-president; Dr.. Hariiet O'Shea, secretary, and C. S. Roys, treasurer. Members named to the executive committee include A. I. May, G. S. Meikle, and R. B. Withrow. The organization is composed not only of Purdue staff members, but of scientific workers in Lafayette, West Lafayette, and vicinity. WBAA TODAY . 11:00 News of the Week. 11:16 Petite Musicale 11:45 The (jurio Man 11:60 Purdue News 12:00 Social Security 12:15 Meet the Band 12:45 Markets 1:00 ^Travel Service 1:15 Classics Matinee 1:46 Monitor Views the News 2:00 Symphony Hall 3:00 Off the air 6:00 Concert Strings 6:30 Music of the Day
Expect 20,000 liidiaiia Men To Register July 1
Selective Service local boards o£ Indiana are expected on July 1 to conduct the second registration of young men eligible for military training without requiring the assistance of outside agencies. State Director Lt. Col, Hitchcock announced yesterday. While various organizations not a part of the Selective Service System helped in the first registration on October 16, 1940, Lt. Col. Hitchcook said that as the second registration would be much smaller, local board personnel and clerks are expected to handle it without difficulty. Estimate About 20,958 Estimates by the Bureau of the Census in Washington, D. C., indicate that there will be about 20,958 men registered in Indiana on July 1, the director asserted. This, he said, indicates that services of outside agencies will be unnecessary. “The majority of young men affected,” he said, “will be registered at the local board headquarters of the community in which they live. In the event, however, that local board officers are so situated that it would be difficult for the registration to be conducted there without hardship to the registrants, other public buildings may be used with permission of state headquarters.” Registration will be conducted between the hours of 7 a. m. and 9 p. m., Lt. Col. Hitchcock pointed out. Military Band Gets Memorial Plaque A handsome aluminum plaque, commemorating the formation of the first letter “P” by the University band under the direction of Prof. Paul S. Emrick in 1907, was presented to the Military Band at the annual banquet held Saturday evening at Lincoln Lodge. The presentation was made by J. H. “Slick” Carnine, ’08, Indianapolis, president of the Engineering Metal Product Corporation, who was a member of the band during his student da;^s. Later in the evening Mr. Carnine was made a member of the Knights of the Magic Wand, one former band member who has been out of the University 26 years or more, being selected each year for this honor. The plaque which was made by Mr. Camine’s company depicts the band in formation on the football field, with suitable inscription beneath. It will be hung in the Hall of Music. Paul H. Gotschall . . . EE 1920, efficiency engineer for the past ten years at the Spy Run electrical generating plant in Port Wayne, has recently been promoted to a post as general superintendent of power production for the Indiana Service Corporation.
Oldest university in South America is the University of San Marcos, in Lima, Peru, founded in 1551.
USED and NEW BOOKS
and
SUPPLIES for all Summer Session Courses University Book Store Across from the Union M. C. “Hed” Sammons, ’29 R. W, “Doe” Epple, ’4RPcufJL ^TloiksA,
Thursday, June 12, 1941
/
University Begins Expiosive Course Pm due University has embarked on another phase of defense work —^trainmg: of inspectors and opei’ators for explosive factories. Thirty-eight young men, most of them college giaduates or all with at least two years of college chemistry, Tuesday began a six weeks’ intensive course, eight hours a day for five days a week, studying the making and handling of explosives which will equip them forTpositions with the government or with private industiy. This numbei of more than 50 applicants passed the preliminary tests which are lequired of all who enroll. At Indianapolis, more than^JUOO
applicants appeared Monday night anc^ final selection of those to take th^ course from this group were made Wednesday night. Prof. C. W. Beese, head of general engineering at the University, in charge, stated that the total enrollment would be limited to 120 for the course which IS offeied in cooperation with the U. S. Buieau of Education, the War Department and the University. The Indianapolis enrollees who are employed in local industries there will meet for three hours every Monday, Wednesday and Friday nights and will spend Saturdays in the chemical laboi atones at the University. The Indianapolis group course will extend for 12 weeks. The courses here are being given by Prof. George Austin, Dr. Herschell Hunt, Dr. R. F. Brown and Prof. Noiris Shreve.
(pwulujL £xfi/>tUint
i -i
EE Grad Writes Article For Technical Journal A recent issue of the Electrical World contains an article by J. O. Fenwick, BSEE ’31, transformer engineer for the Line Material Company of Zanesville, Ohio. Fenwick describes a recently developed design of transformer that contains many novel features, including a wound iron core and coils which are wound on the core by a
very ingenious machine after the care has been formed. The new development is expected to increase the efficiency and general performance of transformers which are commonly used for electrical power distribution.
John Robertson, ME '36, To Wed Actress Ann Neagle Ann Neagle, dancer and film star, and John Robertson, ME ’36, will
be married it was learned from Los Angeles recently. Robertson, who was a member of the campus chapter of Phi Delta Theta, is an officer in the Navy air corps and is now stationed in Los Angeles. After completing his work at the University, Robertson went to Pensacola for advanced flying courses. At one time he was stationed in Java as an instructor with the Dutch air force.
cording to experiments at the University of Virginia.
Clasfifxed Ads For Rent: Single room, new bed, joining bath on ground floor. 473 Maple St.
The human eye responds to light flashes ^[lasting only from 1-100,-000th to l-10,00th of a second, ac-
For Rent: Pleasant, airy'rooms. 3, $10, $12. 421 N. Chauncey, 65021
Jinuih^ Jalk An Intense Young Man Ralph IngersoII, editor of the New York newspaper PM, answers youth’s query about fighting abroad while defects still remain in this country. Ralph IngersoII in newspaper PM, May 27, 1941 There’s been a lot of talk about the youth of this country, and what they feel about this war—if anything. I went over to Brooklyn and met a few hundred of them, last week, boys and girls in college there. I went to talk about the war. My first reaction was that I had never talked to a group as alert and responsive. Maybe the kids who were off playing tennis or had gone to the movies didn’t care. But the ones who came to a meeting, announced as a discussion on the war, cared more than any group I’ve met—^not excepting men and women in the Government in Washington. y lam thinking right now of one young man who seemed to me to typify a whole group. I have met him lots of places in the last six months—in casual conversations in the street, in after dinner arguments, and even in editorial meetings here on PM. I have met him in Chicago and Washington and up in Boston. He i sin hi searly 20’s. He is intelligent and tense and he gives the impression of being handsome because his eyes are alive and bright. He is very young, but it’s not the kind of young that you make fun of. It’s the kind of young you respect for its vitality. It’s the kind of young that gives you comfort if you’re 40, because it reminds you that there will be plenty of energy left in the world when you are tired. The young man who summed up all these things to me said: “I feel strongly against all the things you feel against. But how can we fight for a cause that tolerates share-cropping in the South and gets fat on the ignorance and superstition of India and doesn’t care—just doesn’t care—about a miner’s baby dying because it hasn’t enough food or medicine?” He said this very well, clearly and with passion. There’s no real answer to this young man—^for he’s beating his fists against life itself. He is beating his fists against greed and stupidity and callousness to other people’s misery. Or, rather, there is no way to reply because he himself is the answer. His savage rebellion against things as they are but ought not to be—and don’t have to be—is what the world must always rely on youth to give it. The tragedy of Fascism is not the tragedy of burned books and wise men barred from universities. All the books are never burned and the wise men suffer, but pass on their wisdom. The tragedy of Fascism is the tragedy of turning the hot rebellion of the young from resentment against injustice and inequality and inhumanity and channeling it into the pathetic spectacle of young men in rubber boots paddling through a rain of lead and chanting “Heil Hitler!” All my side has to offer this young man—and he was not on my side—is a war in which he may be killed—^for the right to go on feeling passionately about the injustice of man to man— and making, in his generation, that little increment of progress which is all one generation can make. The answer I did give him was all right as far as it went, but it didn’t go far enough. I said words to this effect: “We are against the same things, you and I, and I think I know what you mean about all the bad things on our side. But if thinking about them makes you so unhappy that it paralyzes you, look out that it isn’t turning you into something I don’t think you like: a puritan. There is none of us perfect. Everyone has thouprhts of which he is ashamed, commits acts he would rather not remember. And everyone feels a sense of guilt about these things. But you will not be very useful to the world or yourself if you spend all your time and energy thinking about what an imperfect person you are. Or if you dedicate your life to solitary meditation or atonement. “If you ask me if it isn’t bad, in fighting Fascist armies abroad, to forget the things that are wrong with our world at home—I will not only agree that it’s bad, I will go further and bet that it’s impossible. There is only one fight, here and abroad. The sinking of a submarine that preys on commerce and the signing of a contract for collective bargaining in Detroit seem to me cut off the same bolt.” I thought it also true that if getting a decent break for sharecroppers was what absorbed him, he had not choice but to fight Fascism abroad—^because if we ever lost the fight abroad we would have little chance to go on with the fight here—^not in our time. There’s not much fighting for the right to bargain ~ collectively going on in France, these days. But when the young man I have met so many places sees and understands that, he won't be arguing with me any more. /
WE SAVE YOU UP TO 25% on your COLLEGE SUPPLIES ^ ^ ^ ffulL fihksidL, SsifiyUL ^IjoJUL Suif.! ^ ^ ^ PURDUE 5-10-25-$1.00 STORE In the Village
SUMMER SCHOOL STUDENTS We Wish You a Pleasant and Profitable Semester For Complete Student BOOK and SUPPLY SERVICE
* Required and Reference Texts * Regulation School Supplies * All Supplementary Materials for All Courses Come to the Students^ Department Store
FlRCUEBOCK&SllPFLYqCRE
308HO STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INU