Rotarians To
Next Week State Conference pected To Draw Attendance From 59 Clubs A record-^breaking throng of Hbbsier ifto:^nans is ekpected h^e Tuesday and Wednesday for the twehty-seoottd ot the twentieth district, Rotary Internationak comprising the state of Indianav tioadijuarters for the twoday conference will be established on the tiniversity campus. William W. Emerson, director of Rotary IhternatiohakWinnei^ Canada, will officially represent the international orgahization, and will be one of the principal speakers. Emerson Will take as the subje his address, “The Pursuit bpSmppi-
.ness”.
Alecxander To Preside The conference activities will be formally launched at 10 o’clock Oh Toiesday morning with Fred Alexander, of Lafajrettej the conference chairman, presiding. The delegates Will be officiallyvTOlcomed to Lafayette and the University by Dr. L. M. Sears, of the history and economics department, before the conference is^ convened by Governor Thompson. Col. Willard Chevalier, vice president of McGraw-Hill Publishing Co., New York, will be the principal speaker, taking as his subject, “Rehabilitation — Today’s Opportu-
nity”.
Preceding a luncheon at noon the delegates will attend the military parade and review of the Purdue R. O. T. C. The afternoon session will open with four separate assemblies, presided over by past district gov-
ernors.
Dr. Crane To Speak Following the preliminary report of the credentials committee and the nomination of candidates for district (Continued on page 2)
Tomorrow Is Desidline For Literary Entries ' All manuscripts to ,be entered in the annual University literary contUst must be turned in to room 204; University Hall, by 6:30 o’clock to-
morrow.
The winners will be announced at the literary banquet on May 18. :Gash prizes of $75, and the George Ade, David E. Ross, and H. G. Reisner cups will be presented at that time.
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, MAY 7, 193R Hundreds Observe Spectacles As University Goes On Dress Parade
F. J. Hickman Awarded First Prize In Second Ansraal Camera Club Exhibition By A. H. Forster “Red Sails in the Sunset”, a silhouette photo of an old-fashioned sailing ship, is featured in the second annual Purdue Camera club exhibit which was placed in the upper hall of the Memorial Union Building yesterday afternoon. The ship print, made by Franklin J. Hickman, won first prize in the club contest. An amusing print, by R. G. Wills as yet unnamed, might properly be titled “Down the Hatch” as it shows a young woman plaoing a huge, well-filled spoon into the nOt-quite-watering mouth of a young child. This picture won second prize while “Pipe Light”, a dark snap of a man lighting his battered briar, by R. G. Buckles was chosen as third best. The pictures were judged by Prof. E. J. Kohl, of the biology department; Gilbert Dunbar Williams, of the speech division; and Sam J. Lutz. The winners will receive a year’s subscription to American Photography. Although the prize winning pictures are very good, a number of other photds in the exhibit deserve praise. As a whole, the 40 photographs, all taken and developed by the members of the local club, are better than those in the Chicago Camera club exhibit which was shown here recently. The photographers have shown much more versatility in their choice of subjects. Practically everything from revolvers and smokestacks to waterfalls and flower gardens has been recorded by the University snappers. Prize-winner Buckles and D. W. Williamson, especially have captured a number of varied subjects. “Bombastic Nebulae”, a picture of bursting fireworks against a black background, by Williamson is a remarkably photo, as is Buckles’ magnolia blossom. Williamson’s photos of a revdlver and partially completed jig-saw puzzle are toneful and very unusual. The wide variety of subjects pictured makes the exhibit much more interesting than the Chicago one,
Egg And Chick Entries Show ■Big'Fiierc^^ 1,600 On Poultry tJui^ :FrMay: Entries in the twenty-eighth anhual egg show and the fourth annual /chick show indicate ah enormous increase oyer those of the past several years. Approximately 1,600 baby chicks and 350 dozen white and brown eggs are on exhibit in the University Poultry Bttilffirig. Entries have come from several surrounding states as well as from those lor cated in other sections of the United States. ^ Some of the most interesting displays are those prepared by the different agricultural departments and home economics divisions, that decorate the walls of the Poultry Building. The H. E- exhibit stresses the use of poultry products in the use of a human diet and prepara tiOn of foods, and charts show the results of the many experiments conducted by the' poultry depart-
ment.
By. C. Harper, ,Jr.
“With an hour left before the'closing of the Open House inspection, the “Roving'Reporter” asked me to, write a feature on the various sights of the big 1936 engineering, science and pharmacy schools exposition. Grabbing some “Expo” paper, a pencil, and. a nickel, I hopped a street, car bound for the big show. I took the first-shot at the Electrical Engineering Building and after elbowing my way through a wall' of humanity was able to .'^take a shot’ wiiffi the never-miss magneto cannon which Was firing at A1)^ e:^/ This seenmd tp be the p^^ attraction, aitiioaiWi the Tesla hi^ tension coU was performing /ih grand style. ,^arihg the Whine Of a fire sii'en,; I decided te take leave of the E.E. “jemt”. in double/ time; but on- passing by Ihe m floor I saw it was a falsealarin; A. pressure whistle was just letting off
steam for the visitors. ;- Kattie rf/Bmes . / ;"
I pricked up my ears when I heard the “rattle of bones” coming from the Mechanical Building but was disappointed upon entering to find that it was only a Model “T” going through severe tests on the rattling
Caldwell Describes ^^Solo'^ Flying As Exciting^ Thrilling “Wonderful! It was the thrill of my life!” is the way Pi Phi Louise “Galdie” Caldwell described her first solo flight in the University airport’s Taylor Cub Tuesday afternoon. “Caldie” is a senior in the home economics school and did her first solo after only eight and a half hours of instruction from Gapt. L. I. Aretz, airport lessee. Although several other women have received flying instruction ajk the University airport, “Caldie” was the first co-ed to make a solo flight. When asked if flying was very hard for women, she replied, “Naw, it’s easy, even my grandmother could do it. “When Gapt. Aretz stepped out Of the front cockpit and said ‘go ahead, take it up yourself’, I almost fell out of the plane,” she continued. “I forgot to adjust the stabilizer to counteract the lack of weight in the front seat, so when I took off, thought the nose of the plane was going m go right through the top of the sky. “The plane climbed so rapidly that when I decided to make a landing the altimeter read 1500 feet—had never been higher than 600 feet before. I guess I put a few gray hairs in Gapt. Aretz’s head,” she laughed. “I made the landing O. K. and am going to keep right on flying until I gei my limited commercial license”, she concluded. “Caldie” said she didn’t have any difficulty talking her parents into letting her take up flying, but that her mother said she “was expecting a tragic telegram any time.” She hopes to enter professional aviation when she graduates this June.
Music Group MeetsToniglit Quartet and chamber music will be presented tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the auditorium of the Home Eco nomics Building by the special string quartet organized by Dr. Karl Lark-Horovitz. In the recital, that will be open to the public, the qfiartet will offer four Compositions outlining the history of chamber music. On the program will be Chamber Sonata No. 9, composed by A. Chprelli expressly for two violins. Cello and piano. This -will be followed by the Adagio, from Beethoven’s quartet, opus 16. Chorelli is considered the first to introduce naodern violin
and chamber music. Modern Quartet Music
Next will be a description and presentation of quartet m/usic. This will open with the Emperor Variations, from quartet opus 74. Modern quartet music will be represented by Dvorak’s American quartet. The composer , wrote this latter movement while living in Iowa. The above selections will be rendered by Dr. Lark-HoroVitz, playing the Viola; Miss R. Jamieson, at the piano; Miss T. Thrasher and Mrs. Oughton, playing the violin; and Mrs. E. S, Tramner and Mr. M. Howenstein, playing the cello.
machine. With the time limit narrowing every minute and much to see, I skipped to the shops, glancing over the drawings to see into the wood working lab, the casting shop, and the machine shops, all the time understanding little of what could be
seen.
Takes Ride 4^ter hunting here and there for the telescope and finding nothing, I wandered into a crowd around the r^way testing lab. Going thfoug^^ the throng almost on hands and feet, I reached the engine inside the lab and was offered a ride, which lasted over a 10 mile stretch, StOndihg still, going fast/and doing nOtffing. What a ride, but more f uii ttying to get ;to tlri air through thO miel'^d throng of farm youths, poultry men, townspeopie and ents,-^;,/''--Still bothered as to the whereabout Of the scope, further investigation found it in front of the Civil Building. On peering through the was ritting upon my shoulders, all was setting upon my shoulders, all of which is slightly exagerated. , . Coulter Hair ■' • ** With but three minutes left, I mounted the stairs in Coulter Hall, ran through the hallway, stopped long enough to see a disected pig and a slide of diplococcus intracellular meningitis, then disappeared out the door on the Other side of the building. Following walks and paths to the much used Pharmacy Building, but instead of finding the usual prescription line waiting on the right, I encountered some 50 visitors waiting on the left. Inspection here was similar to that of the Biology Building with the exception that several co-eds made an X-ray demonstration while declaring why the prOcess was very Simple. Not stopping to see the results of the X-rayed foot following the development, I moved quickly to the car line and soon had the masterpiece ready for the linotsrpe man.
ELECTORAL BOARD Due to the illness of Mr. T. R. Johnston, Exponent elections will be held at his.home. Please meet promptly at 4 o’clock at the entrance of the Service and Stores Building so that everyone may leave together. Cars will be provided.
Hoosicr 4rH
Appoint Campbell, Brown Managers Joseph R. Campbell, of Logansport, and Glenn L;! Brown, of Milford, have been appointed assistant football managers of Purdue’s eleven, it w^^s announced yesterday by Director Of Athletics Noble Kizer. Campbell is a sophomore in the mechanical engineering school, while Brown is a sophomore in the science school. These men will automaticab ly become managers of the football squad their senior year.
Round-Up Girls Inspect Women’s Residence^ Hall About three hundred girls attending the 4-H Club RoUnd-Up were taken on a complete tour of the Women’s Residence Hall yesterday afteriioon. Refreshments were served on the terrace from 4 until 6 o’clock.
. Delegates to the 1936 Phi Upsilon convention iveht on record as opposing physical punishment in connection with initiatioh.
Dr. ERiott Returns From Naval Academy Dr. E. Q. Elliott returned Tuesday evening from an eastern trip to Annapolis, Md., and Washington, D. C. Last week he spent several days at Annapolis serving on the board of visitors to the Uv S. Naval Academy, a post to which he was named several weeks ago by President Roosevelt. The board consisted of U. S. Senators, Representatives and leading educators. He spent last Friday and Saturday in Washington, where he attended an executive meeting of the committee of the American Council of Education. bn Friday afternoon at 6:30, Dr. Elliott attended a tea in the White House at Which Mrs. Roosevelt presided, and at 7:30 a banquet of the American Council of Education was held at which he acted as tpastmaster. He was accompanied on the trip by Mrs. Elliott.
Norvell Will Speak At StiHnp, Stage, And Studio Banquet Prof. Lee S. NOrvell, director of the Federation of Indiana Theater Projects, will be the principal speaker at the annual Stump, Stage, and Studio Banquet which will be held Studio Banquet wrich will be held at Lincoln Lodge Thursday, May 21. Tau Kappa Alpha, debate honorary, and Theta Alpha Phi, dramatic honorary will make their annual awards at the dinner meeting. In addition awards in Playshop WBAA and debating will be made. Tickets f Or the affaih may be purchased from committees. Attendance will be limited to those participating in either Playshop, WBAA, or debating.
Mishawaka Artisians Win First Honors ' Fourth Victory In Five Years For School; La---Poi^/Becond'/'; ;• / / For the fourth time in the past five years, Miahawaka high school yesterday capthred first honors in thh vocational and industrial arts competition held in conjmiction with the annual 4-H Round-Up. The Mishawaka artisans, coming in the open class, scored a total of 204 points, with LaPorte, last year’s champions, finishingsecond with 169
points..
In the limited class conipetition, limited to high schools located in cities of less than 20,000 population and with an enrollment of less Ahan 750 in grades 10 to 12, Valparaiso high school took the blue ribbon honors with 164 pointe, and Chesterton finished second with 72 points. Attracted 6QQ The industrial round-up attracted close to 600, most of whom had registered before nooJi yesterday. Among the large delegations'in attendance at the meeting were; Huntington, 95; LaPorte, 45; Cfawfordsville, 70; and Indianapolis, 36. The day’s program included demonstrations in the wood shop, f oun-, dry, forge shop, and machine shop in the morning, and a general session in the afternoon that included an address by Dean A. A. Potter, of the schools of engineering, on “Preparing for the Future”, and a demonstration of a Telsa coil. From the standpoint of the visitors, one of the day’s features was provided late in the afternoon at the University Airport with a special demonstration of actual glider flights by members of the Purdue Glider club. Attendance at last night’s annual open house of the schools of engineering, pharmacy, and science brought the day’s program to an end.
SPEE To Hear Talk On Benefits Of Art Marquis E. Reitzel, a former resident of Lafayette, will speak to the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education at its meeting Saturday. Mr. Reitzel is known and recognized both nationally and internationally for his paintings, and has received a number of prizes, awards, and honors. He will attempt to show wbat has happened in art through the ages, and will then show how it is becoming or may be used to' benefit present day designs, not only for appearance but for efficiency and utility as well. Mr. Reitzel is preparing slides to illustrate some of the more recent designs that he has made. He is affiliated with many honor societies, professional clubs, and associations. In view of the wide spread interest in this subject, the society has planned for an open meeting to which staff members, students and the public are invited.
Notre Dame wiU open a special department for the training of Catholic apologist writers in September.. ’
3-Day Session Boys And GIrb Gather | Here For Eighteendi ' Annual Ronnd-Up Hoosier 4-H club members gathered here yesterday to attend the opening session of the eighteenth annual Boys’ and Girls’ Round-Up. After registration at 8 a. m., the club youths pitted their judging knowledge against each other in poultry, beef cattle, swine, horse, dairy cattle, and com classes during the remainder of the day. Representatives from eighteen counties arrived at the University early yesterday morning and registered witffinthe/;&^ hour, vrhile over 1,800 Indiana club boys and , v girls are expected to attend part of the three-day conference before it closes tomorrow evening following : the 8 o’clock session in Eliza Fowler
Hall.
. Leadership . Twenty-three counties have entered their outstahd^g leaders in the annual Alpha Gamma Rho leadership contest compostri of a student committee under i^e directioii of E. F. Akers, junior in the agricultural school. Besides conddffing^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ the contest, the ntembers of cqmbiittee are in charge of the imh* ering of the sessions and taking ' charge of the various county delegations.' ^ ' / ;' Today’s meetings will include judging, discussions, and special informative addresses by faculty members of the agricultural staff as well as distinctive entertainment and a livestick show in the University judging pavilion, while tomorrow’s sessions will be mostly of the educational and entertaining tjrpe.
Pistol Team Elects NewliaU As Gaptaiii With the end of the season for the pistol team each year come elections, so yesterday after a very successful season the pistol team elected J. N. Newhall as captain for the coming year and J. M. Baker as manager. A committee was appointed for the banquet to be held next Tuesday night and consists of the captain, the manager, and F. S. Engelking,
Military Band To Lead Annual Festival Parade The University Military Band will lead the beautiful float of Queen Virginia M. Pound in the fourteenth annual Blossom Festival parade held in Benton Harbor and-St. Joseph, Michigan, Satufpy. The parade will march through the crowded stteets of the adjoining cities of St. Joe and Benton Harbor.
HESehoolToHold Anniversary Banquet In commemoration of the tenth anniversary of the school of home economics of the University with Prof. Mary L, Matthews as dean, a dinner will be held in the home economics cafeteria Tuesday evening. May 19. Invitations to the affair have been issued to all alumnae in Indiana and adjacent states, and former members of the faculty. Although hPnae economic courses had been offered for several years, the department was not Organized as a school until 1926.
Purchta Wm Tea^hA^^^^^ Of B€dt Casting “Shorty”, the pai of all Univerrity students, known to the army as : Sergeant Purchla, is always: ready to do his extra bit to help his boys. Now “Shorty” has a hobby—it’s bait casting--and the intramural department has arranged a series of lessons to he given by bite and to be followed by a contest. These lessons will begin tomorrow and all equipment, rods and reels, will be furnished by the department. Shor^ has especially designed his lessons for methods which will eliminate that cause of profuse profanity, known as “backlash”. All interested in benefitting by this course should sign up on the intramural board in the gymnasium.
Debate Squad WiB Meet Californiaiis The University debate team will meri the traveling forensic squad from the Uhiversity of California in Eliza Fowler Hall next Wednesday night at 7 :30, P. E. Lull, of the department of speech, announced last night. The proposition, ‘‘Resolved: That President Roosevelt Be ReElected”, has been Chosen as the subject. ' G, R. Petticrew and R. F. Royster, of the University squad, will debate the negative side of the question. Inasmuch as the debate is a spec^ one, the two outstanding members of this year’s squad Were chosea ta represent the Universityj Neith^^ of the pair has met defritt iu a Ten conference debate. The nia team is making a tivo w^^^^ tour to New York debiting enronte.
Appoint Sample Glenn Sample, Ag; ’85 haa cently be^ appointed to the IJniversity Publicity department to take the place of J.H. Shlmier, Jr.,Vrho is editor of an eastern publication.
A collection of secords assembled by the late Senator Bronson Cutting, of New Meximore College. ^
. '■•’i ‘-'Mi iii*
I*
•*-* ' i fit'* 'if 4 Kfl
1<H
I’if.S
Kntered u tceona «lam in^tter «t the post office, Leleje^. Indtena. IMivsrad bjr mmH, 98.S0 per yew; deliyered by carrier, |2.6« per year; sold by single copy, t eenia.
HAW OFFTCB-41fi North Fifth Street g,,,
jPidly Stndent PmbMcati(on of Piardae University
JMiitor-ih-OMUe. f.Ms^^'iias Nditw-
^ ^i^iftOeiate Editors^:
Sports
Sophonidre' Aiaii^htb . '.SSjtWBibre Ajwietaeiii.
•C. H. Campbdl
"wrC HtotT&li'iitor^^ a
Jf. B. Hays
™J0. F. Wflsohji^B^Fiil^, H;
& lU Oriftiths, Rj F. Obehchaih,.tC/6. Bigelow ..Kv:;Ai ;Baraettei;-J..;a::Rr6clci:;Ai:::Bt :For<»t«ii>
C. Nar^, jFr,",' tL. P.” Manion, C. I*. Sadler, a C. Schenk, J. h. yon Kara
Thursday, May 7,1936
■ Issiiie vEditor—^ GMffiit
Coimiieiits Oil'; Today moving 4)ay bn th and _the holders of senior positiphs will give way to the suCGessfur jun^ iors who are elected this afternoon to take over the reigns. It seems fitting that oh such ah occasion a summary editorial is in Order. The Critical comments which appear belOw should therefore be taken as a more or less personal re^ew of; suggestions that have accumulated since this tiihe last year.
Grades'Again . . ' Constant contact with students for the last four years has led to the conclusion that the real objective in a college education is being side-tracked by the general over-emphasis oh iprades. The “get through” attitude has been built up arouhd a desire to get a high rating on the registrar’s records, and the real cause of being for colleges—to teach more people how to live better and more enjoyable lives—is being missed. The eternal quest for ^ades has been intensified by instructors who have catered to students by using conveyor systems
Aliimni Rate The Facility A worthy scheme for finding out who’s who on the Purdue iCampus was set in operation a few years ago when the President’s office sent out a questionnaire to all recent gradutes, requesting that they rate the members of the stafi^ with whom they had come in contact. The results of the questioning were to point out to the Administration the “tops” oh Purdue’s faculty as a basis for determining what made up a good instructor
promotions. On the other hand, those who were consistently rated as being among the worst members of the faculty were to be corrected or eliminated from the University. As far as is evident, no action has been taken and it sebms that the time has come when action Would be in order. Periodic house cleaning that eliminates the dead wood and the relics of past days will pay big dividends to any organization.
Higliscliciolers And Class AtlendaBce
Out of the,1,700-odd freshmen that entered the University in the fall, about 30 per cent can normally be expected to graduate ih 1939. The high mortality rate is composed of numerous factors, but it is safe to predict that the general term “Not Prepared” would head the list. Frpm the hundreds of high schools
to thdr niim» bers, we dedicate this column to those outstieiHding guests of the cuhipus—our corn fed lads and lassies. You can tell them by the gleam in their eyes and the oats in their hair (some WILD oats among the lot,
too)<
Speaker, of the Speaker-Fierce duelism, has applied for a job in Piercetown, It’s a small and quiet town, but carries the monicker of aforementioned man about town. Winch Will] ^e Speak the change she desires and a memory of he^ days every time she sees the name Of thetown. Go-^edS might well take notice of the mah-catching taciics of pur fair H’ers. Sig Wright found himstelf cornered yesterday afternoon and a half dozen dates on hand before he could tear himself away. That’s more than the Purdue co-eds can do, and he has a lovely car, too. Wonder why the Kappas are spending all of their leisure time on the steps of their shack? Can it be that the attraction lies in the direction of the 4-H boys who as yet have not been gleaned of the nickels and dimes? One ed, in the usual after dance gripe, enumerates the contents of any fair damseFs hand—I mean duflfle—bag as follows: 1 ruler, 1 comb, 1 vanity case, 1 unmentionable, 1 bobby pin, 3 hankies, 1 coin purse (empty), 1 book of matches, 1 pack of cigarettes (if she is-aW-ex-ceptional date—most are not), 1 lead pencil, 1 lipstick, 1 piece of chewing gum, 1 thread, 3 pictures (of the other boy friends), 1 memo book, 1 mirror—indicating exhaustion on the part , of the ed who was completely exhausted from the ordeal of bearing weight of above-mentioned in his Coat pocket for one entire eve-
ning. '
Doc Debering’s junior chemical lab finds more , to interest them in three passing co-eds than in “unknowns”. Lab was finally resumed after Doc rounded up his classes from window ledges and doors.
^la eolumn was «reated In orUer timt Kxpttnent readers inight express their vieiwh on varions subjects of general - interest' tb mbmbers of, the Fnrdue commuhitai'. Con-, tributon should send their manusSripts to 0. H. CampbeU. ihe^ Furdne Exponent Isifayette. Reply To AChallenge . Callow youth blows its horn! I refer to the mouthings of thut ullseeing, all-knowing stripling, C. W. Gondit, in his latest Exponent column of April 24, “The Higher Learning—, Challenge. ” And they called members of the hew Discussion Forum pseudo-in-tellecthhlsl Praise he'to the ybUth Who Will; take h stand oh hn^thing, hut if he Will read between the lines of our embryo coluhinist we will find that his Oinhiscieht pose is not; only suprettiely egotistical reeks with th» ideas ; picked hp through an un-discefnihg perusal of the works of the Menckens and the Nietzsches and ffie Levnses. Cohdit reads too much. He should temper his conception of the world with a little experience. Perhaps if he would mingle more with his “fellows”, as he calls them, he might find that they are as well acquainted as even he with theology^ literature, government, music, and the like. Without doubt they are less ready to parade their knowledge before the public in a bombastic manner. Every intelligent man realizes that he can only begin to scratch the surface of any subject^ and he will present his beliefs as beliefs and not as inexorable facts. Gondit’s “challenge” was not subtle. It was an effort to he forceful. It was born of smugness. In it he told the pygmie roinping about on a plane below him just how they really appear to an intelligent giant. It would have been humorous, but in reality it was pathetic. For its literary merit—it contained-: several two-syllable words and as many tritenesses. It seemed to he punctuated correctly. A “Fellow”
fVriAij 'Playshop’s , Mother's Day Play, “The B(omantic Young Lady’V Jefferson gymnasium, 8:30 p.. m. Cosmopolitan Club 3oeial Hour Union, 7 p. ih* 4-H Club, Eliza Fowler Hall, 7 a. in.-10p. m. , Baseball, Indiana at Purdue. Egg and Baby Chick Shows, Poultry Buildihg; Sigma Chi Informal Dance, Chapter house, 9-12. Triangle Informal Badio Dance, Chapter house, 9-12; 4-H Club Party, Women’s gym, 9:30-11:30 p. m. Satnrdlay Baseball, Indiana at Purdue. Acacia, Delta Sigma Lambda Spring S^ormal, Allen’s ballfoom, 912.^', Alpha Eal^a Lambda ; Bprihg Formal, Duncan Hall, 9-12. Moth(»’S D^ Style Show, Home Econoihies auditorium, 10:30-ll :30 h; m. Luncheon, Union ballroom, 12' noon. Pageant, ()yal, 2:30 p.]m.; an^ ttouncement of Mortar Board pledges. Reception, Union, following pageant. University Sing in front of Eliza Fowler Hall, 6:46. “The Romantic Young Lady”, JefFerson gymnasium, 8:30 p. m. May Day Mixer, Union ballroom, 9-12. Sunday Y. ‘W. C. A. Service Hour, Faculty Lounge, 9:30 a. m. Monday Agronomy Seminar, Ag Hall, room 201, 4 p. m., G. H. Enfield, “Minor Elements in Fertilizers’’.
507 Main St.
Ttmiw envoch to b* fltMtottMdt cM ^ toionsh to b« practIcaL ; RICHARD J. BATH WATCBBIAKBR 608 Main St
'Today - Friday - Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE I
featu,insC!}a«Sft«fM0teiS . Madge : li© CARiBta.©
not prepared to enter college. This group within a group has developed no sense of responsibility, has never been out from under the watchful eyes of guiding parents, and still retains habits that were Coinmon in grade school. It is for this group that “Keep Off Grass” signs must be erected, study hours laid down, and non-attendance penalties set. If the sentiments of the higher-ups in the University are correctly interpreted, the optional attendance ruling npw in effect is in serious danger of being amended. The necessity of playing nursemaid for those who have not yet attained the requirements for attendance at college is still present, and at least some would like to re-adopt the old policy of taking the responsibility from the shoulders of the individual student. Young men and women who have reached college age and still cannot assume responsibility for their own conduct may as well be eliminated now rather than be nursed through four years of directed study s ceiving a college degree.
Calendaritis..*'The school yearmas been punctured by numerous cases of mis-scheduling that have resulted in no end of confusion. The Junior Prom was the shining example while innumerable other events take lesser honors in the list of calehdaritis cases. In order that a repetition of this year’s dilemna may be eliminated, it is Suggested that there be arranged an all-University meeting during the first part of the coming school year at which time the dates for the entire year would be arranged.
. THUMBNAIL PORTRAITS Bob Mueller—the notion counter; Lillian Peterson—a cream puff without filling; Hugh Forster—an ice cream sandwich, dripping; Charlie Trees—the owner of a cut rate clothing store; Winnie Gregory —Venus in a traffic jam; “Kissy” Phelps—the traffic officer; Betty Barnett—spirit of St. Vitus dance; Cary Vaughn—a number before one (and it isn’t a fraction); Jessie Graham—dinner at eight; Phi Belt Robertson-:—shall I go to the house dance; Sally Schaaf—^the underfed city virtue. IN RETALIATION, Said the boys from the Skull House: “Resolved: there shall be a five dollar fine on any absentees from the Theta dinner Thursday night”. The sentiments are that it is cheap at double the price.
Dorner’s Flower Shop : Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6656
R. C. EISENBACH
Jeweler and Optometrist
504 Main Street
1
Need For A REAL Mixer i Puring orientation week last year, entering students were invited to a reception-smoker to meet their classmates and the heads of schools, they were invited to tea at the President’s home, and then Skull and Crescent staged a free “tag” mixer which sought to foster the making of acquaintances. There the matter was dropped for the remainder of the four years. Even at an institution such asTurdue where men outnumber the women in the ratio' of five to one, there are many eligible co-eds whose social contacts are limited to the classrooms and possibly to extra-curricular activities. The Greeks oh the campus have the advantage of house dances, teas, dinners, and other social events, but it is too easy for them, but especially for the unorganized students, to fall into a rut from which it is extremely difficult to emerge. Anything that the University can do in drawing the bashful student into social contact with other students would be worthwhile.
AFeeCard Other universities have adopted the use of a fee card and have found that it successfully eliminates a lot of red tape and serves a great many purposes. The card, small enough to fit in a waUet or pocketbdok, would serve as a receipt at registration, as a voting card later on in the year, as a pass for convocations, as a means of identification in cashing checks, and in innumerable other instances throughout the school year. Adoption here would at least partially cut down the semi-annual registration grind., ■ - , ' ..1. go on*
ROTARIANS TO MEET— (Gontinued from page 1) governor, Dr. Henry H. Grane, nationally kno^ writer, will speak on “Thermometers ys. Thermostats”. The afternoon’s program will be concluded with a sight-seeing tour of Purdue University, Tippecanoe battlefield, and the Indiana State Soldiers’ Home, will be the principal speaker at the evening’s banquet on “Wanting What You Need”. The Purdue Symphonic Band will present a special program, and a dance and entertainment will follow. _ Wednesday’s session will be opened with a breakfast for newly Mected club officers, district governor candidates, and District Governor Thompson, to be followed by the forma! election. President E. G. Elliott will be the principal speaker at the noon luncheon. In the afternoon the delegates will attend a television demonstration at Purdue, in addition to being guests at the Purdue-Louisiana Tech baseball game.
...He haci to risk hi$ life
..to save it..I
...A triangle of thrills on the brink of
mighty ••
A Wgffier«Firfl9 National Picture WilN
, R©SS AIEKANDER ^ Ann Pvoirait -
save
Blumbing • ANB HEATING Lane-^Pyke-^Werklioff, Coppaiiy Phone 3882
Railway Express can handle laundry packages for you very easily and economically. Simply notify the folks that you are shipping your laundry by Railway Express and ask them to return it the same way. If you wism you can ship “collect.” It saves time and detail, and loose change. Railway Express is fast and dependable and can be relied upon to get your laundry back as fresh and in as good condition as when it left home. So think the idea over and telephone Railway Express. Our motor truck will pick up the package at your door at no extra charge. For service or information telephone 9 So. Second St. Phone 2025 hafayette. Ind.
>se
MAm TODAY ,-; FRIDAY - SATURDAY
RAILWAY Express ■AGENCY INC. N AT JO N -W I D E R A IL - A I R SIR V ICE
.OerSan MAsiaae BSTItA, Vaudeville Gelebrities’ , VERA VAN “Fiu Much: Obliged”, . f, A Musical Bcvhc,' , ' ,
—Varsity Linemen Show Driving^ Power Ability,
Last week a test was made of the -dlriving potver’ of several litaemen oft the spring football squad. The |i test consisted of pulling a threewheeled machine, providing a IlOO pound load, for ten yards. A muddy field made the traction^ difficult and the resulting falling humorous to
. the onlookers.
A large collar attached to two belts was the connecting link between the subject and the machine. He then crouched in charging portion and charged toward the other end of the ten yard strip. The time is rated and recorded. Some of the times made were as follows: George Bell, 4.8 seconds; Marty Schreyer, 4.8 seconds; Garl Dahlbaeck 4.8 seconds; Apple,‘4.6 seconds,' Kantz, 4.7 seconds, Ferris, 4.7 seconds, Oppenheimer, 5.5 seconds; and Diltz 4.7 seconds. The muddy ground made the records a bit higher than possible on suitable ground. The line-
men foUhd^t^
was crouching low with tbue body parallel to the ground, If t^ tion wag mried the full p pOWet was lost iu holding the torso down, It rtobk a short choppy step and even pace to keep within the
four second mark. ■:
On an average, the boys made about one and one-quarter horsepower, with some reaching nearer one and one-half h. p. proving that you don’t have to be a horse to work like one. All this power and energy is put to good use when the team is
Shows Eoctdlem Prosp^ct For Forthcoming Triangular Meet Winning ten first places and the mile relay gave the Boilermaker thinlyclads an easy victory over DePauw University yesterday afternoon, 79 to 52, ifi the Ross-Ade^ sW dium. The meet was punctuated by unusual running times for many of the events and provided an excellent review of talent in preparation for the all important triangular meet on Saturday. One of the features of the meet was the victory of Lemen, Boilermaker sophomore, over Buch, of DePauw, in the 220 yard low hurdles in the fast time of 24.4 seconds, very near a stadium record. Captain Glendenning, constantly a victor, will be expected to lead the Boilermaker squad to a top position in the above-mentioned triangular meet with Indiana and Northwestern Universities on Saturday at 2 o’clock in the Ross-Ade stadium. This will not be an easy task considering the list of entries—^including such runners as Hobbs and Gill, of Indiana, and Flemihg, of Northwestern, all of whom, includihg Glendenning, finished in the order named during the Big Tpn feack mept this spring fbr the niiddle distance rung The other events seem to be evenly matched, although some authorities favor Indiana for yie-
tory.
The Summary of the meet follow's: pne mile run—-Won by Goory,' I’urdue; Jamos, Purdue, swond; Taylor, DePauwv
thpd. TiMe, Jl>82.8.
Quartegmile ninr-^Won W: Pifleld,' PurGibson, DjsPauwi second; ;Blneil(iel,
In ■yestetday . afterndtitt’s ifttf^mural ibaseball games the '^ppa Kappa Gammas Were winners of League I and Ward H of League II wpile the Chi Omegas and Ward IV were the .runners-up in their respective leagues. This afternodtt at 4 o’clotik finals vfill be played between the Kappas and Ward II to determine the intramural baseball championship. Open practice for co-eds entering class baseball will be held Thiirsday and Friday at 4 and 4:30. All co-eds who were out for intramural are eligible for class teams.
rym tonii
figWing out on the field The ba^ ^'nfeta^h^h by-VauShu^ktt, Pur-
field men did not enter this test for they employ speed rather than 'pure power and have an altogether different stance in playing. When it comes down tb pulling power the linemen proved that they can stack Up With the pest in the country.
-f -f BASEBALL ^ ^
+ > >
-f -f'
■ Today-' Ward 16 vs. Ward 7.
Got the creeps
HERE’S THE ANSWER: ARROW SHORTS : / '65c : Seamless Crotch—no center seam to pull Or bind. Durable fabrics. Sanfor-ized-shrunk. Knitted Arrow undershirts 5G;C . A.;-' ARROW UNDERWEAR
We Garry a Full Line of Arrow Goods SOUTHWOKTH’S
In Lafayette It’s dewei^Teb’s'v :■ wjio iiapdle Arrow Goods
due; Prees, DePauw, second: Deliong, Pur-
due, third. Time, ; 10^
ito yard high hurdle—Won by Bucb> DePauw.; , Lemen, PurdUe, second; Schilling,
Purdue; third. Time, :15.6.
Shot put—Won by Reed, Purdue; Horst, DePauw, second; 'Andres; ‘ Purdue, third.
Distance, 40 feet, 11 1-2 inches,:
Pole vault—"Won. by Sinesj Purdue: McIlwain, DePauw, second ; Yinger, DePauw,
third. Height, 11 feet, lO inches.
Half-rhile run—Won by Terhune, Purdue Glendenning, Purdue, second ; Heihtzberger,
DePauWj third. Time, 2:03.4.
■ High jumi>---Won by Williamson, Purdue; Lemen, Purdue, and Berry, Humnions, and Neighbors, DePauw, tiM for second.. Height;
B feest, lb ihchtfs,
220 yard dash—:Woh by Frees, DePauw; Vaughn-Catt, Purdue, second iPeLong, Pur-
due, third. Time, :21.8.
Javblih throw-^Won by Deuth, DePauw;
Bruce, DePauw; second: Stewart, Purdue,
third. Distance,: 1B6 feet; 10 inches. Two mile run-—Won' by Taylor, DePauw; Wise, DePauw, second ; GooiTr, Purdue third.
Time, 10:08.'
220 yard low hurdles--Won by Lemen,Purdue; Buch, DePauw, second; Schilling, Purdue, third. Time, :24.4. One mile relay—Won by Purdue (Fifield, Bluemel, Terhune, Glendenning) ; DePauw,
second.
Discus throw—^Won by Ebed, Purdue : Bur. nieister, Purdue, second; Noel, DePauw,^ third. Distance, 131 feet, B inches. Broad jump—Won by Stewart, Purdue: Hummins, DePauw, second; Neighbors, DePauw, third. Distance, 21 feet, B inches.
^ -f^ > > > FRESHMAN TENNIS ^ ^ -f ^ ^ ^ ^ Today, 4:15 a’dock C. D. Schrold'er vs. R. R. Hannas. J. A. Dale vs. E. M. Craft. B. K. Martin vs. G. W, G^reey. W, M. Snyder vs. H. L. Gray. H. W. Lownie Vs. D, B. Lewis. D. Bechtel vs. G. WvHamilton. 4:45 b’dock D. H. Wildman vs. R. M. Brewer. J. Demar vs. L. Rowan. R. White vs. E. H. Du Val. W. W. Wilson vs. W. B. Reed. , A. W. Stauder vs. K. E. O’Neil. R. B. Meihaus vs. L. C. Johnson. L. S. Phelps vs. E. E. Frasier.
We Beg Pardon As erroneously stated in yester day’s Exponent in the announcement of the Tau Beta Pi initiates, D. N. Wait is a junior in the mechanica,l engineering school instead of the civil, also W. H. Keenan’s name junior civil, was omitted.
DR. A. AL IBION Dentist Kron Flats State and Siaiii Phone 4965
We audie nppUeatlnn piotpfea for fl.U per dozen, prioo on loto of flf<y ,br 'mor^ Rembrandt Studio lOS Vine St. w; l^a^ayette
PATRONIZE EXPONENT '• ■: -■ - : ADVEBITSERS >
Greek Track Finals Today SAE’s Hold Slender Lead; Phi Psi’s, Phi Belt’s Tied For Second By Bill Derner This afternoon the concluding half of the interfraternity track meet will take place at Ross-Ade Stadium. The finish of the meet will feature efforts by the Phi Psi’s, D U’s, and Kappa Sig’s to overcome the lead of the SAE’s. The first half was completed Tuesday afternoon leaving Sigma Alpha Epsilon boys leading with 13 pbintSj only a sUght maigin in front of ‘the PSi and; Delta Upsilon. tracksters, who have 11 aijd 10 points 'rCs^ctively. Approxima.tely half the 6‘yents have been rufi off; but 'many thrills and close contests are still in store for the Gteeks. The 220 yard daCh, t#a mile run, 220 I6w hurdles,; half mile run, ja^elift ttoow. broad jump high jump and'446 relay (fbim^m^ make iq) the list b^ attraCtiorts fbr the entertainment,of the spectators; Fbr the Phi Kappa Psi’s, Phi Delt’s and SAB’s the track meb^ WiK be the turning point in the fraternity participation competition. All three are grouped so closely that the winner ■will forge into a comfortable lead for the participation trophy. The Phi Delt’s lead ■with 474 points ; and trailing them are the Phi Psi’s; and SAE’s with 473 % and 471 % in turn. The Phi Gamma Delta’s are in third place ahead of the Sigma, Alpha Epsilon gropp,' but have not made a. good showing in the track ttipet. As nbt ; more than two men from each house can enter, the remainder of the points should be split up fairly -well to make the final race as thrilling and import ant as ike first. The results of the meet to -date are:'. 440-yard dash^Fifield, Phi Psi, 1st; Luther, Theta Xi, 2nd; DeLong, Kappa Sig, 3rd; Bryant, Phi Kappa Sig, 4th. Time: 61.8, ' Discus—^Fanning, Delta Upsilon, 1st; Lsmch, Kappa Delta Rho, 2nd; Clark, Delta Upsilon, 3rdj Sullivan, Phi Kappa Sig, 4th, Distance: ill feet. : 120-yard hurdles—Sehilling, Phi Psij first; Elliott,, Phi Delt, Second; McCormick and Harmon (both of the SAE house) tied for third and fourth places. Time, 17.2. Pole vault^Collis, SPE first;^ Larie, SAE, second; McGannon, Phi’ Kappaj, third; four men from four different fraternities fourth. Height II feet.- ' Shot Put-^Murphy, Delta Tau Delt^, first; Mihal, Sigma Chi, second; Drake, SAE, third; Harlow, Delta Chi,'fourth. Distance: 4l feet, 1%'inchesi^'' kfiie ruh---Long, SAE, fira^^^ pzick. Beta Sigiha Psi, second; Hutt, phi Tau, third; Smith, Sigmh Nu fourth. Tinie: 4:46i6. ^ ^^^^^^ ^^ lOO-yard dash—DeLong;, Kappa Sig; first; Miller, D^ta Upsilon, sec oftd; White, Phi Kapipa Sig and Hokanson, Sigma Nu, tied for third and fourth. Time: 10.3.
Tennis Squad Faces
The Eoilermaker racq
meets DePauw this afternoon, on oaeu Swinn—Tonight at ?:8bl
the Purdue courts at 3:30, playing A match which has been postponed for more than a week duO to the rainy interim encountered last week. The match will; be slightly different' in that there Will be five singles matches instead of the usual four along with two doubles encounters. Purdue will be represented in the singles by Nikblich, Ulrey, Tzucker, Edmonds, and Wakefield in that order. The doubles combinations will have Nikolich and Ulrey in the upper post with Edmonds and Wakefield joining for the second match. Yesterday’s encounter with'Notre Dame was cancelled because .of unavoidable circumstances. The team will travel over the week-end, meeting Michigan at Ann ArborFriday in a hard battle, then on to Kalamazoo to meet the formidable Western State Teachers team Saturday. Monday the team will be in Iowa City to meet the lowans and then will journey home to engage the University of Kentucky players here Tuesday. The team is reaching its top form and will offer tough opposition for any team if they have good weather for practice and play-
ing.
toSStoonTbi f tobsght. -VA» sonstr.
■ELUta
^ Co-M Today at 4: Kaapa Kanjia
GanUna Va. Ward 2. '
^ -^K£jLJ!s1ir> Bilked Bazeballr—Cht Omega and Kai>pa Sigma are combining to form a mixed team and send out a challenge to any otber miked group on the campus. Any students interested in a mixed game tomorrow evening cornmunicate with Bliss Brady at the Wom-
en’s Gyto.
, „ —BRADY.,
Tennis—These matches must be played off today or tomorrow: J. Scudder and C. Foorman ys. M. Rose and F. SenoUr, J. Meldahl and J. 'Whitney vs. B. Kernel and L. Cald-
RIETHi
Clj
issititfia
9»
Wetiey Foundation—^Hike to Happy Hollow tomorrow at B. Supper ten cents. Please
sign up.
—BIcFADDEN.
’Typewriterg,. Adding lifacidnH^ For sale, rent, repaired and honid^t., Multigraph and mimeograplt work ' / done. C. F. Ehershoff, 005 Main SL Phone 2779. Paper Towels—For the bathroom, ,;.r ' ''' phone 7828, Lafayette Printing Go. ^ 7,; ^ jj;| Lost—^A small black coin purse containing about $23. Reward- Return to registration desk. Union Building.
Et: B.-, Seniors-^Anyone who has not paid' for his class picture, to he hung in the E. Ei Building arrange to do so^ immediately. Deadline tomorrow. Class picture includes graduates of February, June, and August, 1936,
—HAMMANN-
Scriyener—Meeting . at 8 at 326 Ghauncey
SL 'Brtng manuscripts.
—VERDEK,
Union Workers^Memhers 6f imy. cbnimitt^ report in the Student Unibh office at 4.
,■^.,.-t-PUGHw^
Kappa Delta Rbo
Kappa Delta Rho announces the
election of the following offieerst'R.
P. Anderson, counsel; A. D; Lutgehs;
senior tribune; A. P. Hunzicker,
junior tribune.
Wbfkers^Mehibem of; m committee report in the sub-haseihent at 4; '
—SCHOLERi
Risk D^tal CHilic '■'PAUL. A,'RISK'ROBERT G. RISK . 'HAROLD ,J. RISK '■ , ' ■ LUraER .'A.. BI8K' ^ 400 Sadmltz Fhono 0701 Comer 4tli and Bfoin
.. .'Sharpened' 'uiid' ««|ikired.'-'"'Hew 'mod' - ■BSe<i';,';'nipw«r8..: Prices..''on "'new''Ball'-' Bearing Mowers OB,SB arid dp. -M^ers called for and deltyered. ' _ ’ *?95i iJSmh PheivB 8818 I^fayet^ Ind.
Union WorkerBr-^A'lI girls out for Student Union report, to Student Union office after
;1 today..
■:''^',--^SPACH.^'
_ Sophomore Union Workers—Uome; to Union office to get nomination blanks.'
. ■ -hBEGGS,/V:.-:
NOTICES :;i(si; ■mMcM . aeeqytMd:iffii«r,.0' -p.-.'
Engineering Studerits^The school Of civil engineering will appfeciate;the retbrnOf theinissing parts;'of the alumirium'mpdelbf the Boulder -Dam! now, on exhibit in the' lobby of: the CivU Engineering 'Building; This is A mluable and useful model, wfairii: was! :presented to the school of. eivil engineering by ihe;late: ©r.'M&d, of ihe' feeiaiiiritlon 4k£riee.
Girls’: Glee Clab-ri^mpulsory.rehearBal. at 4:80 today in University.Hall; . ' ' FGORMAN;,'
Dolphin; Club—Important meeting at 7:30 tonight; at the ; Phi Delt house. All members ■be-;preBent.'
.'if;*;; a Drink '■ ■-'';1ihen a■ ''-"x' CHOP STEAK.„„.„10c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER ‘; ;7' .;(Lr^.:;matche«)... 7;,
I
Junmt ?. ^ . .;.;TasteB good, rniywayi^
Yea^ this 8itU toaUM good.” 3 ’tf ge« i*/ ;. Edgeworth juniorfbecmiaoWa 60 mild you can amoke it All VBEWAYpOWNtOTBE^S
m
Edgeworth Juniors Ii^s JL 80 mild you’ll smoke every grain of this free-burning tobacco—>rigbt cknen to the heeL Larus & Bro. Co,, Ricbmond» Vii^nia. Tobaceouists stuee 1877* NiELLOPHANE” WRAIWEH
wm( , ' ' ^^*****^ •Tf—ii i''.""-^ i j^»*sa >*< '
IsBine Editor—Esther Turley*
,
mm
I 1!- ^ ^ • r'l' ^ ' ■ -'*■
liWfi
I
;
HI
Ruth Grimm Portrays "Rosario" In Production
lOfie
Mortar Board i^ledging To Precede Saturday Afternoon Idith Gregory will be crowi annual May Pay Pageant is presented Saturday. Mortar Board pledging, which Will precede the pageant, will take place at 2 :B0 o’clock. The pageant centers around Persephone and her arrival on the earth for six months.
Go-ed Council Adopts New Rush Rules Effective I mined lately; Fewer Restrictions Aiipw Freedom" • New rush rules for co-eds have been adopted by the Pan-Hellenic Council. The rules will go into effect immediately, as they affect both the spring and fall rush. By these rules rush will not begin until September 27, nearly two weeks after the opening of school. This is in direct contrast to the four days of rushing before the orientation period that has been in effect for the past few years. Rpsh will continue until Oct. 8, when it will close until the second semester.
Fewer Rules
Under this system fewer rules have been set up and it is hoped that be continued. The quota will be continued but the number of pledges for each sorority will not be set until the number of girls going through rush has been determined. Each girl going through rush must pay a fee of $2.00 and those registering late will pay an additional fee of 60 cents. This eliihinates those going through rush merely to get acquainted, and is a protection to both the girls and the sororities. Each house will be allowed to give four dinners, but no girl may attend more than one dinner at any house. The other functions will be an informal open house on the first day of rush and a formal preference night dinner on October 8. All other dinner's will be informal. There will be no luncheons or breakfasts and no dinner on the Sunday in the mid-
dle of rush.
Informal rushing may take place at any time during the day and girls may be taken to a house or entertained by its members at any time. Bidding and pledging will be similar to other years with pledging taking place at any time after Saturday noon, October 10. Summer Rules Summer and spring rushing of high school students has been eliminated, and parties cannot be given by out-of-town alumnae for local girls, For the first time, correspondence may be carried on from the close of school until the orientation period in the fall. Previously, such correspondence could not be begun until August 1, when the rush books
were sent out.
It is the hope of the rules committee that the new system will initiate a period of more sane and dignified rush. It will cut the cost of rush for the sorority as well as the rushee. Of all the plans considered by the committee this was the least radical as far as change is concerned and the most free of rules.
Persephone /^ realizes how much the mortals miss because they do hot observe closely and she decides that nine of thena should come to the land of the fairies in order that they might see the coming of spring through fairy eyes. This is portrayed by creative dancing. Persephone’s Court Ada Mae Roe plays the part of Persephone. In the court of the May Queen are Lillian Peterson, Sara K. Foorman, Helen Hall, Mary Rose Harlan, Evelsm Kellenberger, Mary Louise Lustig, Eileen Lamb, and Mary Luxton. Lillian Peterson, general chairman of May Day, has announced thafr\the pageant will be held on the Oval unless rain makes it necessary to hold it in the Memorial Gymna;
am.
The May Day Pageant' includes fourteen interpretive dances accompanied by recordings of classical music, each dance portraying fiowers, rain, sun, night, w:ind, and trees. For the actual performance, an amplifying system will be installed te facilitate audibility so that recordings used in practice can be used. Marian Fraizer, freshman cp-ed who also received instruction from Mary Belle Ingram for several years, is assisting with the intensive practice which has been conducted the past three weeks. During the pageant, three solos will be given featuring Ada Mae Roe in “Queen of Springtime” and C’Dale Boiler in “Sunshine?’ and “Night”. If the weather permits a large shell will be erected bn the Oval to facilitate sound effects Dn Cilhreth Talks For Mother's Day Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, consultant in the school of engineering, will be the speaker at the Mother’s Day service sponsored Sunday morning by Y. W. C. A. Services will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall at 9:30 o’clock and will last only an hour in order that all may attend their own churches also. The service is for both men and women students and their mothers., ' The concert choir will render several selections, aiccompanied by J. F. Hammond, organist. W. Riley Shuttleworth will sing a solo. Jayne Bennewitz and Louise Smith will play a harp duet. Virginia Gobble, past president of Y. W. C. A;, ■will lead the meditations and the benediction.
Ro^^id is the n^e Ruth^i^ will assuihe tomorrow and Saturday nights when she appears as the jieadihg Ihdy in the ”]^inahtic Ibu^ Lady’’y a three-acicpmedy to be seiited in the Jfeffersdn highi schobl auditorium in honor (ff Mothbf^
Day.
Rosario is a “romantic young lady”. She lives with her brothers and grandmother in a large house in Spain. Envying her grandmother for her three husbands, while she has had none, Rosario’s romances are limited to story books. William McEachron plays opposite Miss Grimm as a young novelist who Writes the romanQes read by Rosario. Tickets for the “Romantic Young Lady” are on sale in the lobby ^ the Memorial Union Building every afternoon from 4 until 6 o’clock.
Play Bill? :
Chi Omega’s and Kappa Sigma’s challenge any other group of eds and co-eds to a baseball game at 4 o’clock tomorrow evening. Any other fraternity or sorority interested in playing a mixed game may get in touch with Miss Veronica Brady as
soon as possible.
As the student announcers become more proficient they are given various periods on the air for which they are absolutely responsible. That includes scheduling talent and being entirely responsible for the program and announcing, Examples of a few of these hours in charge of student announcers include high school or grade school talent, amateur tryouts, variety hours, literary hours, dramatic productions, and musical periods. The station tries to appeal to as many interests as possible during its short time bn the air; therefore making it possible for students with new ideas and original suggestions to' contribute materially to the development of WBAA. —D.E. McC.
SOCIAL BRIEFS
Give Glatz Home-made Candies Packages wrapped for mailing GLATZ... Confectionery
Dial 4441
Main and Sixth
“This is WBAA—on the campus of Purdue University—^West Lafayette.” How often students have heard that and yet little do they know what goes on behind the scenes to make the program to which they are listening successful.
The responsibility of success or failure depends upon the cooperation of not only those in the station’s staSI® tat M iii@ as well. The announcer, the program talent, the operator, his student assistants, and the office assistant must thoroughly understand their work and must cooperate.
WBAA maintains a staff of stu dent announcers, four of whom are co-eds. These announcers have worked up to their present positions by cooperation and faithful work in the studio. An announcer does a great deal more than you realize when you hear the actual introduction of prog^rams. The student announcers write all their own continuity, which are the remarks concerning talent or features. In addition, they plan recorded programs with consideration to sequence and how numbers fit together. In case the regularly scheduled program fails to appear, recordings previously planned are used.
Dizzy Pace . Last Ml 11 life Costume M 0 k In g. R u s h H as Office In Gonfoslon By Esther Turley. General confusion reigns in the W. S. G. A. office. One would think from the hum of sewing machines and the frantic trips to tbwn for last minute accessories that there is a formal dance in the offing (with all apologies to the ’rribume). Across the windows is a long table piled high with cans of paint. A freshman co-ed is industriously applying silver to pasteboard raindrops. Pausing a moment, we examine One completed raindrop model. The base of the costume is grey cambric covered with elongated hexagons of silvered paper. Ah impression of quite a down-pour is given by the wide wing spread attached to the shoulders of the outfit. Green Creation There is an inteiiesting green creation thrown across the chair. Tangerman informs us that it is worn in the dance of the Evergreens. The costume is composed of a skirt of three circular wired flounces with a bando top and a high-peaked hat. The complete ensemble gives the idea of a tall green pine tree. In a corner a girl is standing patiently while she is being draped in blue material. She is one of the four, winds. Excessive yardage trails from the hemline over one arm to give motion to the rapidly moving wind. A brilliant string of pink roses draped over blue-green fabric attracts our attention. This elaborate number is worn by the southern floyrers. Red flowers on a yelloworange background of tarleton make a striking costume for the dance of the eastern flowers. Leading Lady Although we are in a hurry and do not have time to examine the remaining garments, let us investigate what Persephone, the leading lady, is going to wear. The dress itself is a white Grecian gown trimmed only with gold banding. We’re sure it is quite flattering, Ada Mae.
Co-eds To Model Dresses
Special Mother's Style Show Open To All; Garments Made In Clothing Classes / Members of the freshman, sophomore and junior clothing classes will model garments made in their respective classes during the school year at a style show in the Home Economics Auditorium Saturday morning from 10:30 to 11 ;S0 o’clock. Although the show is part of Mother’s Day celebration, it is open tooveiwbne.: 'r,. . ' ''' ' ' '
Among the articles that will be modeled Are cotton and wool sport dresses, dinner dresses in a variety oi fabrics, burner-^ pus formals, evening wraps, and an assortment of night dresses ah<l
negligees.
Some of the outstanding sport dresses will be a rust colPred velveteen of Tjrrolean influence worn by Autumn Thatcher, a green wool with unusual fastenings shown by Ruth Anspach, and a green cotton pique modeled by Janet Forgey. Elizabeth Painter will present a black silk of a dressy type, while Ruth Grimm will wear a printed silk with many interesting pleats. A formal-informal dress of big checked blue taffeta is an outstanding gown that will be displayed by Jane McCoy. Following this will be a tunic dinner dress of brown crepe trimmed in green by Jean Harker. Both short and long velvet everting wraps will be shown by Regina Kelley and Betty Simpson.
WSGA Nannes New 'Chairmen Martenet, Slewarl To Head Social Gommlttee Next Year The regular May mass meeting will be held Tuesday May 12, at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Lounge in the Union Building. The new oflicers and the committee chairmen just appointed will be introduced and a report on the district W. S. G. Ai convention held at Denison University last month will be given by Ruth Copeland, president. Dean Stratton, the house mother, and Miss Schleman will be special guests and following the meeting refreshments will be served. Announcement of the following chairmen of committees and members of judicial board was made last night by the W. S. G. A. executive board: Dorothy Martenet and Betty A.hn Stewart, co-chairmen of social committee; . Jeannette Scudder, freshman orientation; Margaret Richey, student-faculty relationship; June Lippert, activities; Mary Tangerman, May Day; Jeanne Janousek, office; Margaret Dimmi<^, transfer student; Ellen Carter, residence; Jean Adkins, parlimentarian ; Irene Feldt, chairman of judicial board; Edna Hutson, senior member judicial board; June Denny, junior member; Peggy Hamilton, sophomore member. The chairmen of vocational guidance and elections and posters committees will be announced at a later date.
Boiler, Maker Of May Day Dances^ Knows Business Forty-five cp-eds, mostly freshT men and sophPmores, are getting a w'orkout each day for the' coming May Day Pageant. One of the f Prtyfive, however, works aU her free afternoons, everyday alter 4 o’clock and every night until 10 o’clock. She is C’Dale Boiler, freshman co-ed, who, in addition to halving Prigihated all the d&nces, is instructing the groups and helping them learn
their rputihes.
With a background, of fourteen years of lesspns and two years teaching ballroom and exhibition ballroom dancing. Miss Boiler seems well qualified to assume the responsibility of directing the May Day dances. At the beginning of her dancing experience she was taught for nine years by Mary Belle Ingram, Oak Park. During this period the training consisted of nearly every type of dancing including soft shoe, toe, ballet, acrobatic and'tap.
Learns Other Dances
For the following four years Miss Boiler received instruction from Arthur Kretlow, outstanding for buck and wing, tap, toe tap and other musical comedy dancing. Mr. Kretlow, formerly on the stage, now has a studio in Chicago. At the same time she was working with Mr. Kretlow, she was also taking lessons from Charles Hines, a noted Chicago toe end ballet teacher, who for several years, was with the dancing group of the New York Civic Opera
Company.
Following her years of understudy work C’Dale taught dancing in the studio owned by the mother of Doris Humphrey, well knpwn on the New York stage for her interpretive dancing. During the time C’Dale Was associated with the studio she also received informal instruction from Miss Humphrey.
We're having two co-ed, days again this week—^Thursday and Friday. Get your hair in condition for the summer. If you must go hatless, have your crowning glory" really glorious. PERMANENT OIL WAVES SHAMPOOS "' kie:nly Beauty Studio 662 Main St. Phone 7727
SUBSCRIBE FOE 'THE aXPOMEHT
Pi Beta Phi out-of-town mothers will attend a luncheon Saturday at the chapter house. The house will be decorated with lilacs for the dinners to be held Saturday night and Sunday. Corsages will be given to the mothers at the Sunday dinner. Alpha Chi Omega members will bring their mothers to a special Mother’s Day banquet to be held Saturday night at the chapter house. Chi Omega will entertain Saturday night with a buffet supper for members and their mothers. Corsages will be presented to the mothers at a special Mother’s Day dinner Sunday. Kappa Kappa Ganama will, carry out the spring theme in the Mother’s Day dinner which they will hold Saturday night at the chapter house. Dinner will be served at small tables decorated with blue candles and blue checked cloths.
Sunday, May 12 , . , the World Belongs to ‘^Her”
Dross Tip! Look nout Rnd tidy in Crown Gleaned clothes. Send your suit in today, Jf WE HAVE BOTH ^ Naphtha and Carbon^Tet Cleanms N METHODS