i! “ f ''7 t " ^
-!r / 4
■
•I Vl A TN J T" M Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, bidiana, Thursday, October 7, 1937
NUMBER 21
Homecoming Pep Session To Include Bonfire, Band
“Beat the Skibos” and “Welcome Grads” will be the urge behind tomorrow night’s pep session at Stewart Field. The band, a bonfire, a parade, and a cheering session led by Dan Hayne, advocate of the old “Purdue Series,” historic Boilermaker war cry, will heighten the pitch of football enthusiasm for the Homecoming game
Rushees Will Choose
Sororities Tonight After Formal Dinner
Formal rush will end tonight and all rushees must report to the Union Pan-Hellenic desk to sign preference cards with three choices after the formal dinners this evening. The list of choices of each sorority will be taken to the same desk by 10 o’clock tonight. From these lists and cards the Pan-Hellenic lawyer will compile the pledging lists for each sorority. The list of pledges will probably be published in tomorrow’s Exponent. Last night the final informal dinners were held at each of the sorority houses.
Professor Gunn Will
Lecture On Singers
Portraying the lives, personalities, and careers of Elksabeth Rethberg, soprano, and Ezio Pinza, basso, a lecture will be given this evening by Professor J. T. Gunn at 7:30 in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. Mrs. Hubert James will sing two of the numbers which Miss Rethberg has chosen to include in her concert nexf Tuesday at the convocation in Jefferson Gymnasium. She will be accompanied on the piano by Mrs. C. H. Smalley. In addition, ei^ht recordings will illustrate the voices of Miss Rethberg and Pinza. Photographs of the two singers are now on display in the music room.
Frosh Agronomy Hayride
Set For Tomorrow Evening
The agronomy department’s annual hayride for freshmen ags is scheduled for tomorrow evening. Ti ansportation will be provided, leaving Ag Hall for the soils and crops farm at 4 o’clock. All freshmen and all students interested in agronomy are invited by the agronomy staff. The soils and crops farm, on the eastern edge of Lafayette, consists of experimental plots where varieties of crops and rotations are tested for adaptability on Indiana farms. Drawn by teams, wagons loaded with hay will tour the farm while agronomy staff members explain investigations and tests underway at the farm. Light refreshments will be served and cars will bring the students back to the campus by 6 o’clock.
Local Firm To Give Dinner For Scholarship Holders
Twenty-two agricultural students who aie holders of scholai ships from Sears Roebuck & Company will be guests of B. A. Sanche, manager of the local Sears Roebuck store, at a dinner to be held Thursday evening, October 14, at the Wheeler Restaurant, it was announced yesterday. Special guests will include Dean J. H. Skinner, and Assistant Dean V. C. Freeman of the school of agiiculture. Those students taking the four-year course were awarded scholarships valued at $150, and winter course students have scholarships valued at $60 each.
with Carnegie Tech on Saturday.
A parade of cars, appropriately decorated with signs prophetic of victory over the Skibos and of welcome to returning grads, will form at the Pharmacy Building at 8 p. m. and proceed through Lafayette and the village, accompanied by'hornblowing, bellringing, and blaring of loudspeakers. Each fraternity is sending a car, and additional cars will be welcomed by Gimlets. Go To Stewart Field Having drummed up a crowd, the parade of cars will return to the Pharmacy Building at 8:15 to pick up the band, when the cars, band, and assembled students are to proceed to Stewart Field for cheers, songs, and a bonfire. President Elliott, Elmer Oliphant, who made football history at Purdue and the Army, Mai Elward, Mel Taube, Captain Marty Schreyer, and Clem Woltman are slated for appearances on a makeshift rostrum, while Wellbrock and Hayne will lead yells and songs. Band On Hand The band, having led the crowd to the field, will play for mass singing as the flames from the bonfire light the sky. 1 Freshmen sent by the fraternities are to meet tonight at 4 o’clock at the Armory, where they will board Army trucks with Gimlets and Skull and Crescent members to collect firewood for the rally. With homecoming and an intersectional game to stimulate enthusiasm, those in charge expect a record turnout.
PM Department Will Present Free Movies
NBC Engineers To Convert Gym Into
Radio Studio Today
RethBerg, Pinza To Appear Tuesday In Year's First Convo
Elisabeth Rethberg, soprano, and Ezio Pinza, basso, known for majiy years by the music loving public as distinguished singing members of the Metropolitan Opera Company, will appear in a joint concert next Tuesday at 8 o’clock in Jefferson Gymnasium as the principles in the first convocation of the year.
Supported by an excellent European reputation, the two artists burst singly upon the New York music world more than 10 years ago under the direction of the Metropolitan Opera Company. i Most Perfect Singer
Making her American debut in 1922, Elisabeth Rethberg created a profound impression, and has since been regarded as one of the most valued members of the company. “The World’s Most Perfect Singer” is the inscription on a medal presented to >er by the Guild of America’s Vocal Teachers.
A free motion picture show the night of October 15 for all students of the University will be presented in Eliza Fowler Hall under the auspices of the department of practical mechanics. Announcement of the program was made yesterday by Prof. Justus Rising, head of the division of drawing. Among pictures to be shown will be a news reel which includes pictures of the band and cadet corps taken last May at the annual military inspection. Titles of the other films include: “On the Level,” devoted to auto sprihgs; “Circus Days,” a comedy; “Factory Safety”; “Spot News”, including sending of photos by wire; “Free Air”, a carburetor picture; “Precisely So,” a picture devoted to machine shop measurements; and another one on “Safety Patrol” to promote highway safety. The program will begin at seven o’clock and will last until 8:30.
It was the ambition of Pinza’s parents to educate him as an engineer; deterring, he studied his art in the Conservatory of Bologna. The basso’s debut in 1926 proving the unusual quality of his d,eep voice and superb acting, drew a thrilled applause from the first night opera audience.
Single Admission $1
Acacia Announces Pledging
Acacia social fraternity announces the pledging of John Mertz, of Lafayette.
Need Rooms For \ Returning Grads
Due to the fact that local hotel accommodations for the coming week-end are exhausted, Eth Baugh, alumni secietary, issued a call for available rooms last night. Requests for rooms are continuing to pour in, so any resident who has accommodations to offer for tomorrow and Saturday nights is requested to phone the alumni office, phone 4005.
Single admission tickets for the general public priced at one dollar^ are on sa^ at Deac’s, Southworth’s^ and in theUmon Building. The floor is reserved for University students and staffr^t they may gain ad' mission to the balconies if they so desire. A^uditorium doors will open at 7 o’clock.
National Broadcasting Company engineers will transform the Memorial Gymnasium from an athletic center to a studio today for broadcasting the Pontiac Varsity Show tomorrow at 8 p. m. Treatment for accoustical properties is one of the major tasks confronting the engineers.
Tonight the participants will run through the entire program there; with careful attention being paid to the balance of the players around the “mike,” and to the exact time taken by each part. This first complete rehearsal will start at 8 p. m. Tickets must be presented for admission. To Iron Out Flaws Any flaw in the program which is detected at this evening performance will be ironed out before the dress rehearsal tomorrow at 5 p. m.; if necessary, parts of the show will be changed or rewritten lyPicked campus musical groups in the show are the Military Band, Lou Schillings’ and Bud Bryant’s orchestras. Men’s Glee Club, and Concert Choir. These organizations were selected after numerous auditions, by Jack Roche, director of the program. The Union Variety Hour will furnish more musicians in Mary Ed Johnston; the Rhythm Swingsters, Bob Heine, Mary Ellen Foresman, and Jean Beemer; and Russell Mock. 78 Stations In Hook-up This program will be “aired” over the blue network of the National Broadcasting Company from 78 stations. A telephone wire will probably have to be run to Chicago, one of the nearest outlets of the NBC system, said Paul Dumont, master of ceremonies for the show. Lafayette Railway officials are cooperating with the University in staging the program by stopping street cars at First and University streets from 8 to 8:30 o’clock. West Lafayette’s Police Department is also lending its assistance by stationing policemen at Second and Fourth on University street and at Third on Waldron to turn traffic away from the broadcasting area. 500 Tickets Remain There are still 500 tickets remaining for tonight’s rehearsal, which may be obtained by applying at the Union desk, or at Decker’s in Lafayette. There is no charge for tickets. All of the tickets for Friday’s performances have been taken.
Senior Cadets Will Take Part In Flag Ceremonies
Senior military students, in dress uniforms, will participate in Saturday’s pre-game flag raising ceremony according to tentative plans drawn up yesterday by Student Senate’s ceremony committee and University officials. Final arrangements were discussed late last night by telephone by Maj. G. O. Kurtz, military department publicity officer, and Prof. P. S. Emrick, director of the band. The Senate committee, consisting of Dan Rohyans, Senate president, C. G. Elliott, and C. F. Hoffman, met at the Delta Tau Delta house yesterday noon for a dinner meeting with Major Kurtz and Capt. B. F. Hayford, of the military department, Bob Woodworth, athletic director. Tommy Johnston, director of information, Dr. S.'J. Miller, head of the student health service and proponent —
of the ceremonial plan, and R. P. Manion, Exponent editor. Musham Will Command All senior military officers will form at 1:30 p. m. Saturday in the south end zone of Ross-Ade Stadium. Brigade Commander W. C.
Musham, covered by his staff and colors, will lead the military contingent, consisting of the four regimental commanders and their staffs and colors and two platoons formed of the remaining senior officers. The band, facing south on the playing field proper, will play the “Star Spangled Banner” and the cadets will present arms while the national colors are raised at the south end of the field. Following the ceremony, the two groups will march to the north end of the field, where a similar maneuver will be executed, the Purdue flag being raised as the band plays “Hail, Pufdue.” Announcement Major Kurtz stated last night that announcement of the ceremony will be made in all senior military classes during the remainder of the week and at corps day today. “I think it’ll be a fine thing,” he added, “It’s the first step in an organized rooting section such as I’d like to see, but any further organization will have to have the backing of the student body. The military department is not going to attempt to force any such thing that will be distasteful to the students.”
German Student Compares Education Here And Abroad; Finds Ours Harder
By R. E. Insley
(Editoi’s Note—This is an interview with a German exchange student coming here from Dusseldorf, Germany, replacing K. J. Eitel, senior in the school of agiiculture, w'ho is now studying in Munich.)
Johann Wolfgang Friedrich Strausmann (we call him Fred) sat down at his desk in the Sigma Nu house at precisely twenty minutes past twenty (by his German clock) and opened a book. His sole prep for the next day was chemical engineering 137, and because of the absence of all such courses from the German curriculum, Fred was having some little difficulty in interpreting the the lesson. At his jiome university, Georgia Augusta University, iij Goettingen, as well as the other schools of that country, classes are entirely optional; however, the lectures are so interesting that a student feels slighted if he is forced by inconvenience to miss one.
Give Profs Ovation If, dining the course of a class, the piofessor makes some point to which the students heartily agree, he IS given an ovation of foot stamping. On the other hand should he say something with which the class disagrees, the room resounds with loud shuffling of feet. To the American, the German schools
would seem like paradise, because Fred says that the German student takes only courses that are interesting to him. Imagine six months of school and six months of partial vacation; such is the case over there. Six months of the year only are spent in the classroom, the other six months are used by the student to learn those things which he will need in his next year’s studies.
Tells Of Dueling
When asked about dueling in Germany, Fred explained to us that now the “profession” has been put on the “up and up.” Should some student’s honor be insulted, he may challenge the offender to a duel. However, before the battle may be fought, the matter must be appi oved by a grand jury on the subject at Berlin. Thus all illegitimate dueling is outlawed, preventing serious injury resulting from some tiivial personal difference. That every student inay be prepared to meet the occasion, they are lequired to take four hours of dueling per week at the university and also four hours of physical education, the latter course being divided into boxing and gymnastics. (Continued on page 4)
Name Men To Make Up Varsity Debate Team
Following a stiff elimination con-' test, held Tuesday, September 28, 10 men have been announced to compose this year’s varsity debate squad. All contestants were required to speak for five minutes on the subject: “Resolved That the Several States Should Adopt a Unicameral System of Legislation.” The applicants were then judged on ability to speak, forcefulness, and arrangement of material. The 10 men selected for the varsity squad are: J. W. Rittenhouse, R. S. Lukenbill, R. Sasser, J. C. Swander, H. Fischburn, M. Karnowsky, H. Zweig, J. Curtis, J. Singer, M. J. Prassas. These men will be divided into teams, and work will get under way immediately, preparing' the team for the fast approaching conference debates.
Cadets Change Headgear Overseas caps instead of garrison caps will be worn by senior cadet officers at today’s corps formation according to an announcement issued yesterday by Brigade Commander W. C. Musham by order of Colonel Blakely, commandant. It was explained that the order was made by ColoneF Blakely so that he could compare the two types of headgear m order to make a definite choice.
Homecoming To Begin With Alumni Banquet Tomorrow Evening
Alumni, students, fraternities and sororities, merchants, townspeople, all are rushing their final preparations for homecoming Saturday. Beginning the festivities, alumni will banquet tomorrow evening at 6:15 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building under the leadership of HaiTy Safford, C. E. ’95, who will be master of ceremonies for the occasion. Pres. E. C. Elliott and coaches of the two opposing teams will speak at the banquet. At this time the football team of ’12 will be honored in commemoration of its silver anniversary; senior members of the present team will also be awarded trophies. The alumni trophy awarded each year to the^esaber of the freshmen football squad who makes the best showing and most improvement will be presented to S. J. Thursby. In order that the winner may display it in his window Saturday, the trophy for the most appropriate homecoming window display of any business house which is a member of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, will be awarded to the winning store before 5 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. On Saturday a committee composed of L. V. Moser, of the University art and drawing department; Mrs. J. S. Morrison, president of the Lafayette Art Society; Mary Wagner, secretary of the retail division of the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce; and R. R. Fraser, of the agricultural extension division, will judge fraternity and sorority ■ homecoming decorations. To be eligible for the prize, no house is allowed to spend more than 25 dollars. The prize will be either a sUver loving cup or silver service set. Alumni Association officials said.
Department of Education Announces New Assistants
Engineering Societies Elect G, H, Butler, ’IS Gordon H. Butler, C. E. ’13, a native of Scipio, was recently elected president of the Minnesota Federation of Architectural and Engineering Societies for the coming year.
Doctors S. C. Gilfillan and Harry Mason have recently joined the University staff in the department of education. Dr. O. F. Hall announced
last night.
Dr. Gilfillan will serve as an assistant professor in sociology. He recently served as a member of the National Resources Committee at the Univei-sity of Chicago, and has wiitten several books pertaining to
this field. ^
Dr. Harry Mason, who has a master’s and doctor’s degree in psychology from Teachers’ College in
Hayes, Kans., will act structor in psychology.
as an m-
Entertain Governor's Wife
Mrs. M. Clifford Townsend, wife of the governor of Indiana, was entertained at dinner at the home of her nephew, Leo H. Carx‘, Tuesday evening. Mrs. Townsend accompanied her husband here, where he spoke to the Agricultural Extension Conference.
% ^
1 ii
li
>>3^
ESv.:
w‘: -•
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, October 7, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
represented for nation/\u advertising by
n tn o ci-t ^sociatrd 6blUdiatt ^aS"fcr“
National AdvertisingService, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New YhsK. N. Y. CHICAGO • BOSTON ■ LOS ANSELEB - 3AH FRANCISCO
Editorial Phone 6087 Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller
This newspaper i« written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AU opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Editorial Staff
MANAGING EDITOR
J. E. Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, U S. Hardin,
C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
Co-ed Staff
CO-ED EDITOR — Elizabeth Pyke
ASSOCIATE EDITORS .Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER...; J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER.... R. R. Hensler National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER M. C. Reeves Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR — R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer.
ISSUE EDITOR L. C. Farquhar October, 7, 1937 NIGHT EDITOR L. S. Hardin
1
EXPONENT PLATFORM Improve student housing conditions.
2. ' Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of labo-
ratory reports.
3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
she happens to be enrolled in. There are certain things that students do like about some of the courses they are taking and there are other aspects of the courses that they do not like.
Rush Is Over—For This Year
Tonight rush will all be over—just a memory. Monday there was trouble over rules. There have been accusations of serious rule breaking, of unnoticed rule breaking,, and of breaking of unwritten rules, throughout the entire period.
Naturally some of. the complaints about subjects come from students who make it a practice to complain continually about everything. On the other hand there are numerous comments students make on courses which could be used to advantage by the faculty in planning courses. The faculty, however, has seldom employed any system by which the student viewpoint received any consideration.
And now it is suggested that the answer is more rules—rules to cover every situation. May we venture an opinion ?
For every new rule made a hundred new angles and complications will follow. Why not eliminate some of the rules ? There are plenty of girls wanting to organize. Everyone knows that not all of the 176 girls will affiliate. A quota system adapted to needs presented by the number of girls being rushed in a particular year would seem to satisfy the need of flexibility.
One professor in the chemistry department, an exception to the general rule, has made it a practice of obtaining this student viewpoint by handing out a student questionnaire at the close of each semester. The student is asked for comments on various direct questions about the course and space remains at the end of the sheet for the student to make any other remarks about the course that he might care to offer.
If rush were less restricted, if a sorority could entertain girls and pledge them much as the fraternities do, the trouble would be over in a few weeks, even days. Every house would have filled itself; and, this seems most important, fewer girls would be troubled by making up their minds and stating their / choices only to be disappointed in substitution of a second or third choice.
Many of the suggestions volunteered on the questionnaire by the students are ridiculous, but there are others which have educational value. From the answers to this questionnaire this particular professor is able to plan accordingly for classes in the future. For example if 10 students in the class say the lectures are poorly organized, the professor knows something must be wrong and he can take steps to correct this fault.
And those rules that are used should be clear and concise enough to prevent being misunderstood. —F. S. McK.
Some of the suggestions received may not work out in actual practice. Previous teaching experience of faculty members should help them determine whether any student suggestion is practical.
Let Students Help In Planning Courses
• Almost every day some student can be heard to comment on a course that he or
Nothing-is to be lost under such a system and it, has numerous advantages to offer. With so many new courses being offered it affords the instructor a convenient method of determining the good and poor qualities of a course. —C. D. S.
Letters To The Editor
Any letter to the editor must not exceed 150 WORDS in length, and must be accompanied by the writer’s signature. Unless otherwise reauested; the author’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence. The Exponent assumes no responsibility for opinions voiced herein.
Dear Editor: This young' foolhardy Mr. “Whippersnapper” Arnold will be the direct cause of the loss of many privileges which the Purdue students have in Lafayette. Why pick on the police of Lafayette who have been so kind and extremely lenient in their treatment of these students ? After “theatre-breaking” riots, students are released without a jail sentence, or fine. Drunken students are kept in the hoosegow for the night merely to keep them out of mischief. The students are allowed to act as they darn please in theatres. What more do the policemen have to allow us to do before we consider ourselves as being" given our democratic rights? Mr. Arnold’s college education has been of little value to him in light of the fact that he believes rumdrs and stories. If he had takr en more psychology and speech courses he would have learned that reasoning by deduction is more sound than induction. Only uneducated people and illiterates will give a second thought to Mr. Arnold’s conclusions drawn through inductioni. Can Mr. Arnold explain the comparative absence of crime in Lafayette ? I’d rather he wouldn’t try however, for the results may be pathetic. The anger which Mr. Arnold felt upon being shown up by Mr. Mueller and Mr. Davis is noticeable in
his article. The two Worthy gentlemen disproved all of Arnold’s accusation thereby causing him to shift his ire to the police force. For the sake of the entire student body, the Exponent should censor, carefully, Mr. Arnold’s writings. Charles E. Dobrowolsky, ’38.
FRESHMAN TENNIS Powell vs. Vaughan
Goodwin vs. Underwood or Hargesheimer.
Eds, Co-eds MeetToniiht
To Organize Riding Ciub
Purdue Riding Club, a new campus group, will be organized tonight at a meeting at 7:15 in the Student Union office on the second floor of the Memorial Union Building.
BUS SERVICE
To and From
“Both eds and co-eds will be eligible for membership,” stated Union Vice-President Harper, who is in charge of the club. Special rates for riding will be offered to all members of the Riding Club.
SOFTBALL
TODAY-
Diamond
1— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Triangle 2— Ward 2X vs. Ward 13 4— Ward 4 vs. Ward 7 5— Ward 12 vs. Cary Hall 2 6— Kappa Sigma vs. Tau Kappa
Epsilon
7— Ward 5 vs. Cary Hall 1 8— Ward 6 vs. Ward 9 9— Ward 8 vs. Ward lOX 10— Ward 10 vs. Ward 2 11— Cary Hall 5 vs. Ward llA 12— Sigma Nu vs. Delta Upsilon 13— Ward 11 vs. Cary Hall 4 14— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Theta Tau 15— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi
Kappa Sigma
Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha
Chi Rho
Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Delta Tau Delta Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Befta Theta Pi. '
South Bend Plymouth Michigan City , Laporte Rochester Fort Wayne (a) Huntington (a) Goshen Warsaw Peru Logansport
from Peru.
4 round trips daily 5 round trips on Sunday, with a late trip returning Sunday night.
UNION BUS STATION E. A. Slocum, Agt. Lafayette Phone 2105
16
17-
18
GOOD MORNING, CHUMS. We seem to be starting off with a bang! Look out for Ruth Osborne Stevens transfer from Injunap. Be sure she hasn’t a shotgun with her on a date, because the kid is ONLY WOMEN’S STATE SKEET CHAMPION. Consensus is that she’s very restful on the orbs.
A sweet little hi-skool chicken is hdt on the tail of our own union v. p./ Milholland. Every other weekend she wants to come up from Injunap and ryn around a bit with him. Not content with robbing the Union, he has to take the cradle too, wheels and all.
After a rip-roarin’ summer, Ruthjeanne Carr is on her Very best behavior since the return of the local boy friend (fishy, fishy).
The Kappas practically had a chapter meeting in the blazer on Friday night. They just had to get it out of their systems, so as to put their biggest front forward for the ensuing rush week.
This week’s prize complication is as follows: FACTS—Gold Diggers is on the 22nd. Beta-Phi Delt and Theta house dances both fall on the 23rd. CIRCUMSTANCES—Libby Hunter is taking Joe Taylor to G. D. She asks Bob Lauer to Theta dance and in turn accepts invitation from Taylor to Beta dance, same nite. RESULTS — Lauer backs out. Who can blame him for not wanting -to go to a cut-throat Theta dance ? CONCLUSION—Which one is a full-fledged member of the finny tribe ? ?
, Wise guy Ollie Smitt, Sig ^p, sent a rhinie out after some sliderule lubricant. The poor frosh brot it back, C. 0. D. $1.60. Smart stuff; Smitt paid off.
By Sally McKee What to do when there are two girls and a boy or one girl and two boys ? A man must walk on the outside when with two girls, not in
Starts Today DOUBLE FEATURE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
T?
Today — Fri. — Sat. 2 First-Run Hits!
DAD’S UP FOR MAYOR ...THE KIDS ARE UP TO GOSH-KNOWS-WHAT! . .fact is, the whole family’s up to its ears in trouble. i. yell-bent for election in their
“Notify the Government an’ they’ll take care of my bail—I’m on relief!”-
between. If he walks between it resembles something like bigamy, and anyhow, remember the runaway horse. If there are two men and one girl, then they should walk one on each side of her. This may seem like polygamy after our first analysis and maybe it is; but it’s also fun.
ARC
TODAY
FRI. — SAT.
—ALSO— WARNER BAXTER and GAII,, PATRICK
THE WHITE HUNTER” plus “Robinson Crusoe” Serial
SUNDAY AND MONDAY JEANETTE MacDONALD and NELSON EDDY
‘MAYTIME’
A bit of frivolity is exhibited when one sees a girl hopping doAvn the street, doubly escorted. And, too, it’s good protection from any kind of attacking evil.
Today — Fri. — Sat. 2 First Run Hits
-PLUS—
.if FILMED THE BLOOD-LUST INTHEEYESOFWMBMMEN!
A NEW UNIVERSAL PICTURE Starring lOHN W/IYNE
MAOS
mmAThursday, October 7, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Yankees Whip Giants 8-1, In World Series Opening Tilt Knock Hubbeil Out Of Box With Seven
Runs In Sixth inning
By Bill Fifield Sigma Delta Psi tryouts will be continued this afternoon at 4 in Ross Ade Stadium . . . the four events to be run off are the broad jump, high jump, 110 yard low hurdles, and 100 yard dash ... if enough men are ready, other events will also be run off. —fc— The Yankees got ^ good start to-
ward winning the World Senes today by knocking out 8 runs to the Giant’s 1 . . . Lefty Gomez pitched the Jentire game for the Yanks; while the National League team used three pitchers ... in the city series in Chicago, the Cubs came through and trimmed the White Sox 7-3. —^fc— The first two events the broad
Tin SENSATION of EooiY Canpiis! LOW HEEL
Dashing, youthful styles... just right for swanky Fall Outfits!
Choose Yours of: BLACK, BBOWN Of 6BEEE SUEDE
New Fall Bags ... $1.00-$1.95 New Fall Hosiery. 69c to $1.00
332 Mairi> St.
Lafayette, Ind.
Whether it's sent collect or prepaid, your laundry always arrives quickly, safely, by Railway Express—-the favorite laundry route of generations of college men and women. Low rates. No added charge for pick-up and delivery —just phone nearest Railway Express office. 9 S. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Ind. R AI LWA^^XPRE S S H AVION -WIDE It AIL-AIR SERVICE
cecfL meuLijffLPBACh
The New York Yankees, champions of the American League, sat back on their haunches for five innings yesterday before they opened up with their big bats to send 13 men to the plate and Carl Hubbell to the showers, having let seven men score m one inning. King Carl had been the master of the situation until this time, pitching excellent ball all the time, but when the Yanks decided to open up they let go with everything they had, sending the estimated crowd of 65,000 into hysterics. Yanks Start Hitting Spree Gomez, first man up in the sixth, was walked, and Crosetti next up started the merry-go-round by singling to left- field. Rolfe then stepped to the plate to single into left field and load the bases with no outs. DiMaggio stepped up, then stretched his long arms, swung and also singled^ scoring Gomez and Crosetti. And so it went for the remainder of the inning. Gehrig walked, loading the bases, Dicky singled, and Rolfe scored. Hoag grounded to Ott and DiMaggio was thrown out at the plate.. Selkirk singled scoring Dickey and Gehrig. Gumbert came m to replace Hubbell. But still the Yanks’ scoring streak could not be stopped. Lazzeri was safe at first on Whitehead’s error, Hoag scoring. Coffman replaced Gumbert and walked Gomez. Crosetti up again popped out, Rolfe walked forcing Selkirk home. DiMaggio popped out, ending the inning and finishing the Giants for the day.
jump and the 440 yard relay in the round robin being run off among the track men were won by the seniors . . . the freshmen have been making excellent showing in the events run off so far ... it looks as if the Boilermakers might have a track team yet. —^fc— Tomorrow we shall try to present Cecil Isbell’s life history in a very brief form.
TENNIS TODAY All-Campus Tennis Woodson vs. P. E. Johnson Brodsky vs. R. W, Anderson or Blitz Vaughan vs. Tillson or Douglass Monger vs. L. W. Meyer Baugh vs. J. H. Johnson Sophomore Tennis Tillson or Frye vs. Berg or D. C. Miller
yVh is p J2.r'
PERFUMED COLOGNE
Lucien Lelong's glorious fragrance now available in Eau de Cologne
Just as intriguing as its name-^i<^ gossip -reireshing os good newsl More than a CoJogDe -it’s an EVENT in your Hfel "Whisper" Perfumed Cologne comes in that famous giraffe-neck cxocdH led bottle And it's only $L5Q.
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 6477
Are you going to be an old man at thirty? Men, you grow old more quickly when you cease to take part in physical activities. At the Union Bowling alleys you can learn and develop skill in a sport in which you can participate after finishing college. JhsL fijVvdusL TnmufwaL UfUDfL Corner tof the Campus-^Yet the Center of Activities
■Vtv-i
I
1 I
iu
i
i
THE PURDUE EXPOltorr
Thursday, October 7, 1937
Geriiiaii Student Tells Of Education Here, Abroad (Continued from pajre 1)
We were «;urpri‘=;cd to learn from Fred that Old Heidelberg has come to be more of a tradition with the German populace than an active and popular University Fred compared it with his university at Goettingen by informing us that the synthesis of Vitamin D v as first made in Goettinaen by Piofessor Windaus and that he is now working on cancer and has already been successful in healing external cancer. Prof. Wohler, also of the university, ovei a bundled years ago, made the first aluminum, and gave the foundation for organic chemistry by perfoiming the synth^is of urea. “The Theta’s outclass everyone,” says Fred, having met two of them ovei the iveek-end. Having witnessed two football games in this country, Princeton-Yale and Pur-due-Butler, Fred was asked for an opinion on the two games and replied that he liked the latter contest much more, having sat on the winning side.
Local Ads
46094. Large grounds. Pine views.
WANTED—Ag student desires a roommate. 135 Chauncey. Phone 66364.
ENGINEERING STUDENTS— Get subsci’iption to Purdue Engineer from Monson. Call 2501.
Notices
No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Exponent Freshmen: The following men will meet in the Exponent office (room E) in the Union at 4 p m , October 8, for instiuction and assignments. Baker, Barker, Beer, Blocker, Connolley, DeBayle, Fournier, Gaddis, Giaas, Greenwood, Gregory, Heiple Hendeier, Johnson, Loason, Lowe, Lower, McKee, Maudlin, Meieis, Meyer, Middleton, Morgan, Musser, Robson, Ross, Steemod, Strickland, Van Hook, Thompson, Walton, Wetsel, Wheeler, Williams Wunderlich, Yates. —BROCK.
Glider Club: Meeting October 7, at 7.30 m in room A of the Memorial Union Building. All back dues must be paid at this time. —MOORE.
P. I. A.: All interested in enrolling in dance class call at PIA office from 4 to 6 30 p m. any day until October 9 —CLYMER
P. I. A. Members: Those who forfeited their membership cards please call at P 1. A. office October 7 between 4 and 6pm —PARKHURST.
Union Sophomores: The following are the vice-presidents’ committees for this semester: Harper—Kirk Dinkins, David Hartman, C. E. Jackman, R. E. Culbert, Fred Hallett, John D. Hardin, W. H. Murray, C. E Griobt, D. W. Sweetman Cabonargi—W. M. Curtis, R W Brown, R. P McConnell, J. H. Bowling, R. C. Henry, A. B. Copeland, J. M. Martin, J, Mussen, B. L. Page MillhoHand— J. Messmore, R. Recktenwall, L C. Morrison, J. R. Bowen, R C. Kany, W. P. Schaefer, J. J. O’Malley, J. N. Rice, W O. McWorkman, Mason—W. F. George, E G. Malcolm, J. E. Dailey, K. W. Kuebler, J. A. Richardson, R E. Stradling, P. D Rensenhouse, B Bobbitt, Bratten. Garland—R. B. Reed, J. W. Ashtoi), L. G. Diabing, Peterson Stewart, H. W. Heubner, H. C Schryver, A. J. Golden, G. W. Kuhn, W. R. Ourand. Taylor—C. F. Lutz, C. P. Patrick, J. A. Lindeman, F. D Lewis, P. T. Cooper, J. B. Wright, H. D Pogue, R. C. Gamier, L. C. Hill. Matthews—G. McCoy, D. L. Brubeck, A. M. Belfield, J. I. Saltzstein, C. E. Kramer, F. B Hartman, K. Kelble, H. N. .Jones. Samelson—J. Williafnson, C. C Coan, R. O. Sheckell, R. H. Moninger, D. Meyers, R, A Lynch, D. Stapleton, C. W. Heady, R. DeMars Jacobson—W. RestenWall, C. F. Ruppert, J. E. Kerwin, B. Gobeille, J. P. McGrath, A. R Cornell, W. W. McElyea, R. Norquest, H. Mayerhofer, J. A Larsh —PUTZE.
I Beck: Jackson vs. Petticrew; Spry vs. Baxter ; and Meyer vs. Davidson. See bulletin board for phone numbers of opponents. -JENKINS.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Important meeting October 7 at 4 p. m. in looijl B of the Memorial Union Building. —RANDALL.
W. A. A. Cabin Group: Reference readings are available in the W. A. A. office. A written test will be given at 6 p. m. October 7. —SWICK.
Varsity Debate Squad: J W Rittenhouse, R S Lukenbill, R Sasser, J. C Swander, H. Fischburn, H. Zweig, M. Karnowsky, J. Curtis, J. Singer, and M J. Prassas, meet in room 301, University Hall at 4 p m. October 7. —WINCH.
Union Workers: Members of my committee meet in the workshop at 4 p m October 7. —HARPER.
Union Workers: All co-ed workers meet in Union office at 4 p. m. October 7. —CROSSMAN.
Union Workers: Members of our committees meet at the Union office 4 p. m. October 7. —SAMUELSON, MILLHOLLAND, JACOBSON.
A. S. M. E.: All interested in joining the A. S. M. E., sign up in G A. Young’s office by October 11. —CLUTTER.
W. A. A. Archery: Practice (jTctober 7 at 4 p. m at the range. —BOEHM.
W. A. A. Hockey; Practice at 4 o’clock October 7 for freshmen and juniors —DOBSON.
Riding Club: An organization meeting of the Purdue Riding Club, will be held at 7:1B October 7 in the Student Union office, on the second floor of the Union Building. —HARPER.
Interfraternity Council: Meeting at the Sigma Phi Epsilon house October 7 at
-GRAHAM.
Christian Students: Meet at the church at 1:30 October 10 to go to Kemmer’s cot-
Debate Managers: Sophomore men who made application for managerial positions report to foom F ot the Memorial Union Building at 5 p m , October 8 This also applies to the juniors —PERRY.
Senior Military Students: Wear overseas caps to Corps Day, October 7 —MUSHAM
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
FOR RENT—Double room for men students. Across from the Delta Chi house. 352 Northwestern.
LOST—Black patent leather women’s purse, containing $6 and change near Theta house. Finder phone 5031. Reward.
FOR RENT—Furnished student rooms. Modern. 117 E. Oak street. Telephone 3739 afternoons or evenings.
LOST—Fountain pen, athletic book, bill fold. Please return. Reward. Moan. Phone 5754. ',
WANTED—-Roommate. Private near campus. Phone 41061.
WANTED — Student washings. Shirts 10 cents. Phone 76152.
FOR RENT—To University staff member or acceptable party. Seven rooms furnished, from October 15. Only $35. 405 East Stadium. Phone
^joijL&L Victor Release
• 25678
I CAN’T GIVE YOU ANYTHING BUT LOVE, BABY SUGARFOOT STOMP
Benny Goodman
• 25677
HAVE YOU EVER BEEN IN HEAVEN?
MAMMA, I WANNA MAKE RHYTHM
Benny Berigan
25676
JOSEPHINE IF THE MAN IN THE MOON
WERE A COON Tommy Dorsey
• 25679 YOU’RE MY DISH MORE POWER TO YOU “Fats” Waller and his Rhythm
ke/L^fxclejlibf 'it)or/}ecordl
McLean Music
Co. MAIN ST. LAFAYETTE
W. A. A. Tennis: The following games must be played by October 9: Rumann vs Swift; Sexton vs Meiritt; Heeter vs. Demoret; Swick vs Thelmas . Walker vs Stocker, Owen vs Mathei ; Kesler vs. Rendall , Schilling vs. Morris; Anderigg vs.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY
East Side of Square
Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL Beginners Enroll Friday, Oct. 8, 7:00*P. M. Adult Advanced Class Thursday, Oct. 7, 7:00 P. M. WE ALSO HAVE ADULT TAP CLASSES High School Ballroom Class Saturday, Oct. 9 6:30 P. M.
CALL OR PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
Sixth and Ferry
• the Pursue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores —
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC”
Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. BISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119'/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Florist —
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Jewelry —
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker
This is all we do, but we do it well
Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
— Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Photography —
Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Shoe Repair —
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY
Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
Locksmith —
“C” CARTER
for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Confectionery
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts.
— Dine
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
tage. There will be a 15 cent
Playshop: Important meeting crew in sub-basement of Union Building at 4 p. m. October 7. Old and new members be present „bREMMAN.
Forestry Club: Turn in membership books
before October 9.
-YOUf(G.
Reamer Club: Meeting to hang up blueprints at 7:46 October 7, in Memorial Un--ROSS.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet: Meeting October 7 in Y, W. C. A. office at 4 o’clock. —BRYANT.
Wesley Foundation: General committee on the Scarecrow Ball will meet at the Wesley Foundation, October 7, at 7 :30 p.m. —McFADDEN.
Newman Club: Officers, social committee, and heads of contact committee please be present at meeting in Union Building October 7, 7:30 p. m. in room D. Plans for dance to be discussed. —O’lTENWELLER.
DECKER’S
We Carry a Complete Line of I.E.S. Lamps
518-520 Main
Phone 6477