Si
®l|e ¥ixrixnt (SxuBXitnt
Published Daily by Students of Piurdbe Univfersiiy
VOLUME XLVUI
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURI^DAY, MARCH 4,1987
NUMBER }0g
Nine Juniors Petition For ProniNQueen
Can Be FUtid In Student iScnate Office iFrom 4 TiU 6 O’clock Nine co-eds obtained petitions announcing their candidacy for queen of the 1937 Junior Prom from the office of the Student Senate yesterday. The nine co-ed juniors, are: Louise Bain, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Catherine Ann Cromer, Alpha Xi Delta; Margaret Dicks, Pi Beta Phi; Jeanne Hallam, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Judith Jones, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Mary Alice Masters, Kappa Alpha Theta; Alice Parlon, Kappa Alpha Theta; Virginia Richards, Alpha Chi Omega; and Jean Whitney, Kappa Alpha Theta. Saturday Deadline Satm'day afternoon at one o’clock will be the deadline, as the selecting committee will choose the queen on that afternoon. This committee, made up of W. T. Graham, D. N. Wait, J. C. Esterline, Jean Adkins, Dorothy Kuehn, W. W. Hodgdon, and G. W. Martin, will choOse the queen with consideratic^n for personality, appearance, and popularity. Petitions may still be obtained at the office of the Student Senate on the second floor of the Memorial Union Building from 4/to 6 o’clock today and tomorrow. Any student or organization may take out a petition, but only junior co-eds are eligible for candidacy and their petitions must be signed by 25 juniot students.
Courses in playing'house, swinging, riding kiddie-cars, and blockbuilding are offered in the University of Mexico’s emergency nursery class this fBll.
March 4, 1937 broadcasting from classrooms is not a new idea . . . Purdue’s station, WBAA, has been doing this for the past few years . . . but the following article, clipped from a New York paper, makes one wonder . . . —30— '‘NEW YORK, Feb. 27—The perfection of a device, by which listener response to any given radio program can be measured, was annbunced today . . . the listener may press a button on his set which will cause that set to be registered as ‘in’!” . . . —30— THAT one article shows us the university of the future! No more struggles to get to 8 o’clock ... no more walking through mud, sleet, rain, snow, and slush. Let the elements rage ... only two movements will be necessary to get to class ... turn on the radio, and when the 8 o’clock roll call “Jones,” comes frorfi the loud speaker .. Mr. Jones merely pushes the button on his set. . . and is marked present in Econ 11.. —30—— WHY in a few years there may be no more campuses! Each professor will have his own radio studio. Students can register and enroll by mail . . . eliminating long lines and longer waits (0, blessed day!) . . . no courses will be closed... no more siting in classrooms, and until a more perfect two-way communication system is established, no more embarrassing questions from professors, when you haven't studied your lesson ... —30— YOU can attend class while in bed ... or sitting in your favorite easy chair, smoking your favorite pipe ... or even while riding around in your car . . . there’s no limit to the possibilities ... —30— committees seem to be the usual method of handling things here at Purdue, so my suggestion is that a committee get to work on this immediately ... all in favor? ?
SiHgbi* Pot The ^Old Maestro^ Students To Model Plo^s PtinOe Cdrol In Union Shoti) FotFloral Musical
Tomotrow Evening
Bill Jones, Vetetdn Of former Uniofi productions and senior in the science school plays opposite Betty Granger as Prihce Carol in “Castles In i'he Air,” the musical drama to Jbe presented March 13 at the Mars
Theatre.
JoUes was formerly one of Ben Bernie’s “lads,” having sung for “the Old Maestro” back in 1932, when, Bernie was playing at the College Inn in Chicago. A decision to go on to school switched Jones from the field of music to Purdue, and left the “old mousetrap” without some of his best bait. Yowsah! In Three Shows Since coming to Purdue, Jones has appeared in “Bright Young Thing,” “Pirates of Penzance,” and “H. M. S. Pinafore.” All were singing parts. Jones has a tenor voice, well suited to the romantic songs he is to kng in “Castles In The Air.” Though his home is now in New York City, Jones has spent most of his life in the West. He started singing as a fourth grader out in Wyorriing, and has been interested in music ever since. Though he prefers semi-classical music, Jones sings jazz as well.
Bill Jones
Following his graduation, Jones will accept a position with the Jersey Central Power and Light Company of Asbury Park, N. J. He will continue his music as a hobby, however.
200 Florists Open Two-Day Conference To Be Added Feature Display In Union Lobby Improving yields, quality and the salability of florists’ products, will be discussion subjects for about 200 Indiana florists, including wholesalers, retailers, growers, and employers, who gather here today for the tenth annual Indiana Florists’ Conference. The conference will cpi(iitinue through i:omorrow»f A special display of new floral creations will be set up in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building in addition to the technical sessions. Afternooii Opens Following registration and placing of exhibits in the morning the conference will open in the afternoon with a discussion of florist labor problems, led by Ira Yoder, of Barberton, 0., and an illustrated lecture on “Gas Injury To Greenhouse Crops” by David Vesey, Fort Wayne. The evening session will be devoted to the regnlar monthly meeting of the Stnie Florists’ Association nt the FoA^ler Hotel, with Norman Stanley and H. L. Harris, Indianapolis, acting as chairmen.
Prom Decoration Plans Due March 10 Next Wednesday, March 10, is the final date for submission of 1937 Junior Prom decoration plans. A complimentary ticket to the Prom will be awarded for the most acceptable idea. Complete plans, with an estimate of decorative costs must be submitted to W. F. Bailey, chairman of decorations, at the Sigma Nu house. All students are eligible to win the award.
Big Lockheed Plane Visits Airport One of the largest airships ever to visit the University dropped in on the airport Tuesday evening at 5 o’clock. Crying the owner. Lord Beaverbrook, publisher of Croyden, England, the pilot, Harry Downes, and an Englishwoman, Mrs. Norton, the ship came from Chicago enroute from the Lockheed factory in Burbank, Cal., to New York where it will be shipped to England. Lockheed 12 This plane, slightly smaller than Amelia Earhart’s special plane, is a club-furnished Lockheed 12 series with electric lights, tables, and several lounging chairs. It will carry ten passengers and two pilots, is powered with two 450 horse-power Wasp engines.
Co-ed *8 ^Estimation ’ Of Man Deals Purdue Eds Hard Jolt Describes theM As Awkward, Stubby Chinned^^
You just can’t win! An anonymous Purdue co-ed, rankling in her heart because of the seeming futility of trying to please ohe of the ^‘awkward, stdbby chinned, tobacco scented” males, composed the following contemptuous “estimation
of a man.”
Contradicting the idea that the female is the fickle sex, this “fluffy, violet scehted” bit of femininity voices the opinion that the average ed is perverse and obstinate enough to look with disfavor on any dction, costume, or mood of the woman. Men—What Women Marry Below is printed ‘‘Miss Much Martyred Co-ed’s” personal estimation of the masculine herd: Men are what wpmen mai’ry. They have two feet, two hands, and sometimes two women; but never more than one collar or one idea at a
time.
Generally speaking, men mdy be divided into 8 classes: husbands, bachelors, and widowers. An eligible bachelor is a mass of obstinacy snrrpunded by suspicion. Husbands are three varieties: prizes, sur|>rises and consolation prizes. Making a husband odt pf a rakn is one of the highest plastic arts
How flowers affect the love of a couple will be the theme of a ^floral musical to be given as a part of the State Floral Convention that is in progress today and tomorrow in the Memorial Union Building. Eleven men and women will participate as models and the concert choir will sing while flowers appropriate to the occasion are presented. Models Among those' that will model for the musical are: Betty Barnette, Wally Craig, Louise Hanley, Jim Shoemaker, Rosemary Milbum, Isabel Hodgkins, Dave Lowrie, Mary Wein, Gene Wright, Gordon Chandler, Bill Hodgdon, Capt. and Mrs. Singer, Sonja Gershuny, John Franks, Mrs. Ruth Love, Stanley Emerick, Mr. and Mrs. Dave Dooley, Fern Marie Honeywell, and Dickie Dean Freeman. Accompanists The accompanists for the affair will include: Rosemary Robinson, pianist; Eva Robertson, violinist; Arsene Summers, Charlotte Stewart, and Paul Worcester, soloists. The musical is under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, Prof. Honeywell, James Fisher, and L. W. Seigle.
known to civilization. It requires science, common sense, faith, hope, and charity—especially charity. It is a psychological mystery that a soft, fluffy, tender, violet-scei^ted woman should enjoy kissing an awkward, stubby chinned, tobacco
scented thing like a man. Flattery Frightens Him
If you flatter a man, it frightens
him to death; and if you doh’t, you bore him to death. If you permit him to make love to you, he gets tired in the end; and if you don’t he gets tired of you in the beginning. If you wear rouge, gay colors, and a startling hat, he hesitates to take you out; and" if you wear a little brown toque and a tailored suit, he takes you out and stares at women in gay colors, rouge, and startling hats all evening. If you are the clinging vine type, he doubts whether you have braiils; and if you are a modern, advanced, and independent woman, he doubts whether you have a heart. If you are wise, he longs for silly playthings. If you are popular with other men, he is jealous; and if you are not, he hesi-
tates to mari’y a wallflower.
Darn men, anyhow!!
Debaters Will Meet lUinois Co-eds To Discuss Permauency Of NYA Essentials Co-ed debaters of the University will meet the University of Illinois team tonight at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. The question for debate by the co-eds is: “Resolved: That The Essential Features Of The National Youth Administration Be Made Permanent.” The Purdue affirmative team will debate tonight, while the negative team will meet Indiana University on the same question next Tuesday. Dr. Muriel G. McFarland of the University education department will'be chairman of tonight’s contest at which Dr. J. H. McBurney of the Northwestern University Speech Department will be judge.
Amputate Both Legs OfBuf^nediWof'kman Both badly burned legs of Theodore Uerkwitz, workman on the new Women's Residence Hall Construction job, who was injured in a stove explosion in a construction shed on February 11, were amputated recently. Uerkwitz has had several operations since he was burned and has been in the St. Elizabeth hospital since the accident. His condition last night was reported to be improved.
Phi Kappa Tau Elects Phi Kappa Tau announces the election of the following officers: 11^. T. Gannon, president; C. E. Lang vice-president; R. E. Turner, secretary; R. D. Best, treasurer; DrF. Motz, house manager; J. R. Banker, steward; and M. C. Drott, pledge manager.
NYA WORKERB
Because the surplus of NYA funds of the first three payperiods could not b^ carried over into the fourth, fifth, and sixth pay-periods, it is necessary to stop the NYA work at once for one week. Work will be resumed with the beginning of the seventh pay-period, on March 11. Two or three exceptions have been made in departments where the stopping of work would be a very great inconvenience. Students who have been assigned on work to be paid from the special flood relief fund are not affected by this action. M, L. FISHER, Chairman, NYA Work for Men Students at Purdue University.
Make Season’s Awards At Basketball Banquet
L/iM0£ierr Pu/rou£ COPCH
All-Ag Dance To Feature Pat Clinton Tickets Can Be Purchased From Members Of Ag Honoraries Pat Clinton and his band will provide the music for the All-Ag dance which is being held tomorrow night from 9 till 12 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building ballroom. Clinton’s band has played at Illinois and Indiana universities, and has been plasring all this week in the Union cafeteria. Tickets Available The dance is primarily for agricultural students and staff members. Although it will not be open to the general public, students of other schools can get tickets. They can be purchased for one dollar from members of Xi Sigma Pi, Alpha Zeta, or Ceres, agricultural honoraries, which are sponsoring the dance. As an added attraction for the dance, ten of the Debris beauties will display the latest in spring fashions. The gowns for the style show, which will be staged at 10:16 o’clock, will be furnished by the Palais Royal, Lafayette dress shop.
Announces Pledging Phi Kappa Alpha announces the pledging of the following men, J. W. Ashton, Battle Creek, Mich., and F. E. Vinson, Hammond.
Honor Lambert At Close Of 20tb Year Players To Select Bw orary Captain At Close of ’37-’38 Season ‘ In recognition of Coach Ward “Piggy" Lambert's twenty years of outstanding service as Purdue^a basketball coach, the Boilermaker mentor was presented with a handsome yellow gold wrist watch last night at the fifteenth annual Lions Club basketball banquet in the ballroom of the Memorial Uniob Building. The presentation was made by Don Black, on behalf of the Gimlet and Reamer Clubs, the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce and the Purdue Alumni Association. Cfmgraiulatimis Greetings and congratulations were extended to Coach Lambert after the presentation by Prof. E. C. Hockema, Prof. G. A. Young, David Ross, Dean M. L. Fisher, Bob Woodworth, and C. S. Doan. As another feature of the banquet the Indianapolis Star All-State basketball trophies were presented to Jewell Yoimg, Pat Malaska, and Co-captain Glen Downby by Bob Woodworth, Purdue athletic publicity director, on behalf of W. Blaine Patton, sports editor of the Star. Andrew Speaker Joseph A. Andrew, Lafayette attorney and Tippecanoe county's representative in the legislature, gave the main address of the evening, in which he praised Coach “Piggy'*^ Lambert’s fine leadership during his long period of coaching, while Harold Van Orman of Evansville, former Lieutenant Governor, kept the Crowd in a constant gald of laughter with his masterful work as toastmaster. No Captain No captain for next year was announced. Coach Lambert Stated after the banquet that an honorary captain would be elected by the players at the end of th4 season and that he would appoint a captain for each game during the season. Coach Lambert announced the list of varsity awards, which included eleven major letters ^d six minor letters. 'Hie awards were made to: Majors— Eugene Andmrson, of Franklin; Tom Dickinson, Lafayette; Glen Downey, Michigantown; yincent Holloway, Battle Ground; Dale Hutt, Indianapolis; Paul Malaska, CrawfordsviUe; Carrol MangUs, Union City; James Sewar^ Indianapolis; John Sines, Lafayette; (Continued on page 31
Senior Snoopers To Tell Alt In Private Gossip Session Women Plan SS ’37 Banquet For Evening Mar* 17
By Dorothea Justin Are you being followed? Was someone listening from behind a filing cabinet in the library to your conversation with the boy friend? Probably, because the SS ’37’s are at work. These mysterious persons aren't eavesdropping maliciously — they are doing it for a cause! The Cause is the Senior Snooper Dinner, which will be held March 17 at 6:30 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building. Senior women have advocated a final get-to-gether, and the SS '37 dinner is the result. “Snoopers” A group of girls, whose names are kept secret since they are charter,“Snoopers” joined forces and re-
Tickets for the Senior Sno<H;ier Dinner, priced at 6Qe each will go on sale at the Memorial Union desk today.
ceiyed permisison from the faculty to have the meeting for all senior women and the ‘*teH all about every girl” program. The Senior Snoopers Dinner will
be entirely a co-ed affair. No faculty members will attend the dinner, nor will faculty members help with the entertainment nor censor information to be revealed. The “Snoops” are hop^ul that the practice of senior women having a razz dinner will become a custom and finally a tradition. “Dirt Box” Because some few of the SS '37^ feared that they might miss, for all their super secretive sleutlnag, incidents, that would make lush material for vivid telling next March 17, a “dirt box” to receive contributions concerning senior women and their lives wUl he placed on the Union desk. The “dirt box” is asbestos ihied» a precaution necessary for the preservation of the data arid the vam* ish of the Union desk. * Watch outl Bewssrel TheSnooprerp are ferreting out facts of inters est about every senior girl mr thh campus—and all the people whose lives theirs have touched the bud fouryesrs. TheSSWsseeattnow*, isind will tell all at the Senior lersDii|inerlfM::' 9’, "
^jgf 'A I
\t’
M ¥ -
i X-
SSSShSm
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
March 4> 1937
^urtitte exponent
EhktM^ AM mmbm^ 4*ifMi at the post otnee^ LafeyMtle, Indtu^ DeHtwred J!g*ygii*!iLrSy. SSS«ISd^ SxSi, & iqM by « rin«l» egpy. «
BnriMM PhOB* CMS
OPBlCBf—812 North Fifth Street
BditoriBl Phmf* $Wl
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hnlae. chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris. L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
BanhoiBartt AselstAntt W. M. Anthony, D, A, Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J.^ yiarK SephcBore AsBJ8t.nt. w ^ ^ Schroeder. tt L S^back. D. R. Vmw
E. H. Kellose, K. E. O’Neil
J. C. Ohaver
.JB. H. Morris
Bold and Black Editor
BUSINESS STAFF t tt i.» Bnsineas Manager "■; « Brown National Advertising Manager. nr Miller Local Advertising Manager. Circulation Manager
Editor-
Associate Editors..
SPORTS STAFF x T^ «r j L. D. Wood 3. w! H. rifield, S. R. Griffiths, R. P. Obenchain
Editor..
Associate Editors..
Advertising Manager..
WOMEN’S STAFF ^ ^ . _ Helen Creech J^ime JanoMek/’Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—L. S. Hardin
Reminiscing Four years ago today at 1:08 p.m., on the steps of the National Capitol, Franklin Delano Roosevelt first took the oath of office. In these four years much has occurred. We will try to present a chronological picture of the more important political issues which have transpired during this period. March—1933 6—^President Roosevelt proclaims three day bank holiday. Mayor Anton J. Cermak dies from bullet wounds received at the hands of a would be assassin of the President. 9— Franklin Roosevelt receives, from a special session of the 73rd Congress, dictatorial powers over transactions in the credit, currency, gold, and silver. 11— House passes, by a 266-138 vote. President Roosevelt’s $500,000,000 economy bill. 13— Bank holiday ends. 14— ^House legalizes 3.2 beer. April—1933 8—^First C. C. C. recruits assemble. 10— Michigan becomes first state to ratify repeal of the 18th amendement. 19—^President places an embargo on all exports of gold except that already marked for foreign countries. July—1933 9_President signs Cotton Textile Code abolishing child labor. 12— ^All postmasters placed under Civil Service rules. August—1933 1—Blue Eagle makes first appearance in connection with N.
R. A.
19—^President Roosevelt signs N. R. A. codes for lumber, steel,
and oil industries. September—1933
3—^250,000 march in New York City N. R. A. parade.
18—^F. D. R. signs bituminous coal code.
October—1933
22—Chief Executive, in a radio address, announces that he has authorized Reconstruction Finance Corporation to establish a government market for newly mined gold. -F. D. R. says as long as Henry Ford doesn’t abide to the N. R. A. code he can not be eligible to receive government
contracts.
I November—1933
K^P. D. R. defends A, A. A. before 14,000 Ih.Chicago. a kirk nr a n it
—.A.$500,-GRIN .AND BEAR IT
16—^President Roosevelt asks Congress to vote P. W,
000,000.
January—1936
1—^Federal job insurance law goes into effect. 6—Supreme Court (6-3) held A. A. A. unconstitutional. 10— House passes bonus bill over President’s veto. 20—^King George V. dies. 26—^Alfred E. Smith denounces Rooseveltian administration at American Liberty League dinner.
February—1936
4— Senator Pope of Idaho introduces bill to require more than two-thirds of Supreme Court members to invalidate a fed-
eral statue.
5— Borah announces candidacy for President. 16— Congress pushes neutrality act. 17— ^U. S. Supreme Court (8-1) ruled Muscle Shoals Dam con-
stitutional.
28—^F. D. R. asks for $786,000,000 in new taxes.
March—1936
18— The President wants $1,600,000,000 for relief.
May—1936
18—Supreme Court declares Guffey Coal Act unconstitutional
by 5-3 vote. June—1936
1— Supreme Court (5-4) held New York Minimum Wage Law for Women and Children unconstitutional. 11— ^Alf Landon nominated for President by Republicans. 12— Frank Knox nominated for vice-president by Republicans. 23—^Democratic national convention in Philadelphia. November—1936 3—Roosevelt and Garner take 46 states to win election easily. December—1936 11—^King Edward abdicates English throne. 28—^Loophole seen in Embargo Act as U. S. planes are legally sent to Spanish loyalists. January—1937 3— 75th Congress convenes. F. D. R. calls on courts to help adapt Constitution to our
needs.
President Roosevelt promises to balance the budget next
year.
11—Chief Executive asks for $790,000,000 to continue relief until July 1. 20—F. D. R. takes oath as first president to be inaugurated in
January.
February—1937
President Roosevelt desires to increase membership of Su-
preme Court to 15.
Congress becomes divided over Court issue.
25—Senator Borah introduces Constitutional amendment in Congress in connection with increasing membership of Su-
preme Court.
-Senate passes 71-4 bill permitting Supreme Court justices to retire at 70 with full pay.
March—1937
2— ^Roosevelt’s special committee finds old N. R. A. both good
and bad.
4— ^Today marks the close of four continuous years as President for Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Time marches on!—D. A. B.
By Lichty
‘We’ll soon find out which one of our housesh we’re in—I hear someone on the stairs—”
26
27-
11-
FAMILY
TODAY FRIDAY—SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
Students Take West Point Tests
-Controller General McCarl rules Henry Ford eligible for
government contracts.
16—^United States recognizes Russia.
December—1933
15—18th Amendment repealed at 5:32 p. m. 21— ^By executive order F. D. R. ratifies silver agreement negotiated at London Economic Conference.
January—1934
3—Second session of 73rd Congress opens. 15—F. D. R. asks Congress for authority to devaluate gold. 31—^President Roosevelt signs gold devaluization bill.
February—1934
9—Chief Executive cancels all airmail contracts. March—1934 ] 12— United States Supreme Court, by a 5-4 decision, rules Federal Trade Commission without authority to order dissolution of corporations merged by vote of stockholders. 22— Congress passes Phillippine Independence bill. 31—^F. E. R. A. formed.
April—1934
13— ^F. D. R. signs New York City poultry code. 21— ^A. A. A. fixes amount of cotton that can be grown.
June—1934
12— Franklin Roosevelt signs Reciprocal Tariff Bill. 18—73rd Congress adjourns. August—1934 27—N. R. A. reorganized. 31—150,000 textile workers strike. September—1934 6—Six textile strikers killed at Honea Path, S. C. November—1934 2— ^F. D. R. extends automobile code to February 1, 1935. 6—Democrats sweep Congressional and State elections. January—1935 3— F. D. R. tells Congress that government must provide at least 3,600,000 jobs. February—1935 18—^United States Supreme Court by a 5-4 vote, upholds gold clause in private contracts.
April—1935
1—Congress passes $4,800,000,000 works relief bill; 24—^F. D. R. orders silver price raised to 77.5 cents a fine ounce.
May—1935
22- -President Roosevelt sets precedent by appearing before joint' meeting of Congress to deliver a veto message in
person.
27—^United States Supreme Court by a 9-0 vote declares N. I. R. A. unconstitutional.
July—1935
13— ^United States and Russia make one year trade agree-
ment.
' ^ August—1935 ' 9—Social Security Act passes Congress. 21—House passes Guffey Coal Act. October—1935 26—U. S. Supreme Court (6-3) holds up temporarily, collection of processing tax on cotton in Louisiana. December—1935 2—National debt over $30,000,000,000.
Five students from the University are now at Fort Benjamin Harrison taking physical and mental examinations for appointment to West Point. Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Davidson is the examining officer. Those students who are taking the examinations are: D. D. Cameron and R. J. Clinton, sophomore chemicals; M. E. Reike, sophomore mechanical; E. J. Hollowell, sophomore civil; and J. W. Whitaker, freshman engineer.
Coolidge, Damon Speak To High School Groups Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant to the dean of women and Y. W. C. A advisor, is spending a few days in speaking to prospective women students in the state. She will address several groups at Riley and Central High Schools in South Bend today. Professor C. E. Dammon, of the speech and English department, will speak at various high schools in the state acquainting the seniors with Purdue and its opportunities for them.
MahI
Big Double Feature TODAY—FRI.—SAT.
HE HAD TOO MUCH MONEY TO GET A ‘KICK’ OUT OF LIFE!
believe it or not ... he went ‘broke’ and tried working for a Then along came Frances . . . and his ‘blues’ turned to rosy . . until the girl gave him a jolt and taught him some things
money couldn t buy.
See the Latest Pair of Screen Sweethearts—The Greatest Love Team in Years!
So . . living, pink .
First Lafayette Showing PLUS SECOND FEATURE
The Bashful Boys Dig for Mummies in the Valley of the NUe!
TAe women of Egypt wilt never forget them I
With Barbara Pepper Moroni Olsen FrankM.Thomas Willie Best
TT looks harmless, but this fungus destroys poles. So telephone research men wage war on it. In the Bell Telephone Laboratories, they study many woods, concoct many preservatives. In Mississippi, Colorado and New Jersey ^—where conditions vary widely—^they’ve set out whole armies of treated test poles. Their continuous experiments yield many a weird but valuable fact about destructive fungi and insects. Since the Bell System each year uses over 500,000 poles for replacements and new lines, lengthening pole life is most important. It’s one more way to make telephone service still more dependable.
Why not give the family a ring tonight ? Rotes to most points ore lowest after 7 P.M. and oil day Sunday.
ItELL T i: LSYST EMfe 1 H
-
TKiursd&y, March 4, i&37
Fraternities To Play Final Game Tonight
Phi Psi% Sigma Pi’s Favorites In Class InferFraternity Basketball Competition Finals of the Class “A” interfraternity basketball competition will be run off tonight when the Phi Psi’s meet the Sigma Pi’s in the Memorial Gym at 8;30 o’clock. ' The Phi Psi’s, pndefeated so far this year, and last year’s defending champions, hope to cop the honors for another year. Their sqiiad is composed of four sophomores and one‘junior.
Carlson, their star, has aver-
aged 18 points per game, and is expected to give the Sig Pi’s plenty of trouble. The Sigma Pi quintet, although it has lost two out of eleven games to date, is confident that it can take the Phi Psi’s into camp. Their lineup sounds like a football roster with Zachary, Woltman, and Gift scheduled to play. The probable starting lineups will
be:
Phi Kappa Psi Pos. Carlson ... P - Harper .P Clugston C Bryant G .. Stubbs , G.. ..
Sigma Pi . Zachary Bykowski ... Brandt Woltman Serowick
F
The New Taylor Cub just arrived at the field. You should take at least one lesson of 30 mintites for only $3.
Purdue University Airport Captain L. I. Aretz, Lessee Phone 41641
Young Waits For
Scoring Record Confirmation
Brig Young, after topping the Big Ten individual scoring record by five points, has little to do but wait until next Saturday night when the season closes and his 172 points scored in conference competition is declared the new official record, as there is very little chance that any of the other high scorers will finish close to Jewell’s record.
67 Field Goals During the last season Young
conected with 67 field goals against Big Ten competition and sank 38 out of 48 free throw attempts. Besides the 29 points against Illinois, Young increased his total with 22 points against Indiana when the Boilermakers met the Hoosiers for the last Purdue home game last Saturday night. Mike McMichaels, in second place with 113 points, needs to score 60 points against Illinois next Saturday to better Young’s efforts. Townsend of Michigan, and Combes, of Illinois, are tied for third place with 108 points each.
MUSIC SODTlgTHE
TODAY FRIDAY—SATURDAY
BRANDED FOR LIFEI for a crime he didn’t commit!
WARREN WILLIAM
KAREN MORLEY LEWIS STONE JACKIE MORAN
—pla»— Hal Leroy in “Swing For Sale”
“Cocoanut Grove” Cartoon In Color
NOW EQUIPPED WITH THE LATEST IN SOUND
TODAY—PHL—SAT.
Western^Etectric MIKKOFHONIC SOUND SYSTEM
THE PUSDUE EXPONENT
Inter Fraternity Volleyball Begins
Fraternity volleyball teams will begin their annual tournament on March 10, beginning a double elimination series after first round tryout competitions. Due to the large number of teams planning to participate, the fraternity squads have been divided into two groups, one group to play their first round Wednesday, and the other Thursday. Each team will play three games in the first round, and the eight teams making the best showing in this preliminary round will enter a double elemihation tournament.
Trophy To Winners The winning fraternity will get a trophy, and each member of the victorious team will receive a medal. Volleyball equipment is now available at the gymnasium, so teams will have an opportunity to practice before the beginning of the tournament. All entries must be made by March 8. Regulation volleyball rules will be observed throughout the tournament. Attention is called to the following rules: Rules Each team is composed of six men. Players must rotate on serve. The ball must go over the net on the third volley. No assists are allowed on the serve. A net ball is served again. A net ball after the serve is good. The point is lost if any player reaches over the net or touches it. If the ball touches the varsity basketball goals, the point is played over. All games are 21 points and the winner must be two points ahead at the finish. One player must not volley twice consecutively.
Honor Lambert At Close Of 20th Year
(Continued from page 1 )
Jewell Young, Lafayette, and Harry Zink, Monticello. Minors—Nicholas Barsha, Anderson; Ross Dean, West Lafayette; William Carnes, Jasper; Joseph Mihal, Gary; Harold O’Neill, West Lafayette; Carl Swan, Tulsa, Okla.; pnd Robert Brinson, Anderson, student manager. Frosh Numerals ‘ Freshman varsity numeral awards to 23 yearlings were announced by head freshman coach William “Dutch” Pehring, as follows: E. M. Baker, Sheridan; P. F. Beretta, Bedford; R. L. Behrens, Huntingburg; R. W. Brady, West Lafayette; J. S. Brown, Indianapolis; J. D. Chapman, Columbia City; D. T. Fisher, Anderson; E. C. Herschelman, Evansville; J. P. Krause, of Hammond; E. E. Lee, Fort Wayne; B. J. Lorenz, Hammond; H. J. Lucas, Lafayette; J. R. Nesbitt, Cleveland, O.; P. E. Oxley, Troy, 0.; C. A. Rauth, Jeffersonville; M. L. Stamm, Columbia City; S. J. Thursby. North Tonowanda, N. Y.; W. I. Thomas, Newcastle; D. D. Uttera, Akron; J. A. Walkey, West Lafayette; P. J. Winchell, Southport; and E. L. Yeager, Connersville.
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St West Lafayette
OPEN FOR BUSINESS LITTLE HILL TOP SANDWICH SHOP
108 S. Pleic^
ARC
TODAY—PRIDAY—SATUEDAY Chester Morris and Margot Graham in “COUNTERFEIT” —and— Kermit Maynard
“WILDCAT TROOPER” —also— Clyde Beatty
“DARKEST AFRICA” —plus— “Major Bowes on Parade”
I fielder’s.... I p ....choice] Bob Wal|M)leMMMMii9
Baseball season will soon be here and the Purdue nine will be ready for it... although no definite plans for a lineup have been arranged, a skeleton outfit will include a number of last year’s lettermen —fc— Led by Co-Captains Bob (Tuffy) Lucas and Lefty Martin, the squad will include veterans such as Carrol Mangas, Johnny Sines, Lefty Bartz, Jewell Young, Pat Malaska, and Krause . . . —^fc— The Boilermaker track squad will fight a dual engagement with Butler this afternoon . . . Coach Tom Martin has one of the best .teams in his career as a cinder coach, and the Old Gold and Black track squad are hoping to bring back a victory . Saturday several members of the team will participate in the Daily News Invitational Meet in Chicago . . . —^fc— Speaking of sharpshooting, Jewell Young dropped in 67 field goals this season . . . and 38 of 48 attempts from the free throw line . . . in 12 games he was credited with but 16 personal fouls . . .
-fc-
This column will be conducted by Associate Sport Ed. Dick Obenchain tomorrow . . . our second guest columnist . . .
KappaBToFlayQflTle With Ward 2 Tomorrow
Kappa Kappa Gamma and Ward 2, W. A. A. basketball teams who tied yesterday 33 to 33, will play off the tie at 4:30 tomorrow in the Women’s Gymnasium. The finals of the tournament will be played Monday. In other games scheduled for yesterday Kappa Alpha Theta forfeited to Alpha Xi Delta, Chi Omega won from the Women’s Residence Hall 30 to 15, before tying with Ward 2, and the Kappa team defeated Ward 3 30 to 11.
Wards To Meet In Basketball Finals
The final game in Ward Class B basketball will be played this evening at 8 in court 3 between Ward 7 and Ward 19. C. A. Wallace is the manager of Ward 7, and R. W. Middleton is the manager of Ward 19.
BASKETBALL
TODAY Court 1—Official, Abell 8:00—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Winner (Delta Chi vs. Phi Delta Theta) Court 2—Official, Phillips 8:00—Delta Upsilon vs Winner of (Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi). Final Game of Class “A” Officials—Abell and Phillips 8:30—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Pi.
ROTC tkmeri In Finds Tonight
The finals in the MiHlnry Bmdi^ Toomameni will be held at fibe Memorial Gymnasinm tonight at t p. m. Considerable action shottld be shown in the following boutC; Tillson vs. Nash in the 115 pound class. Ostrander vs. Carpenter in 126 pound class. Murphy vs. Vuchinas in the 135 pound class. Butcher vs. Henderson in the 145 pound class. Jelnick vs. Conklin in the 100 pound class. LaPuse vs. Potter in 175 pound class. Vitkus vs. an opponent to be se-
lected in the heavyweight class.
TI
fhere is no admission charge.
The first Catholic College in the United States was opened in 1677 at Newton, Maryland.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
With the
IN FULL SWING
You'll need one of Loeb's New Prints. 1937 materials coupled with unusual designs are sure to make a hit.
•10“
up
LOEB & HENE
SOUTH SIDE OF SQUARE
..What3" Picl^ilThat^UyLE" FENDRICH ^Panetcla just^naturaUy Ordinary smokers . .^^Sd^yoiirnew car and'tliel -‘girl you’re' <|to make it a thr^ome by havi^ plenty of thosc^ Md .^inhalable LITTLE MNDRICH PtoetciM ^to.complete the evening tWIls a.Honey!!l
-Little rENDRICH
Lom miMR
PAN EXE LAS1''^ > Ai ^
i r It fe §{';■-»' II? -f” ■ ■ ^ ll ' S-%'. Wi ‘
J! fffi ^ ' |i r ■ -'fv'‘ f ;
‘THB
IT’S SPRING ... a pair of white shoes on the campus ... I know .. . nothing unusual . . . but this pair was clean ....
FIRST JOJF—“Where’s old Elmer Screwloose who used to hang ’round the Sweet Shop all the time?” SECOND JOE—“Oh, Elmer got a heap big jag on last week-end . . . he stuck his head out a winder and yelled ‘fire!’ and everybody did” . . . OH, YOU SWEET SIGS! ... the floral show to be presented th(' coming Friday evening will be greatly sti-engthened by the charming presence of five very lovely members of the Sigma Chi fraternity . . . . these gorgeous boys will make their debut as mannequins in this delightful presentation . . .
consist of an afternoon suit trim-;, mod in delicate shades of ^ink to further fiH oiit his - exquisite dolor-^ ing . . . ' , GENE WRIGHT will be clad in bright red satin overalls and orchid blouse . . . the farm theme (MR. WRIGHT’S school major) will be further carried out with a farm hat woven of varied colored daisies . . . MR. WRIGHT will also strew rose petals for the bridal procession that will be the highlight of the evening. Charming JOHNNY FRANKS, who considers himself the answer to a niBiden*8 prayer^ will model **Tlie Essence of Spring” . . . Master FRANKS will feature a spring ensemble of Crepe de chine . . . his brow will be decked with a floral tiara made up of delicate buttercups, camelias and lillies of the valley . . . Master STAN EMRIC^^C, who is the only campus debutante not a member of the gracious Sigma Chi set to model this colossal undertaking, will honor his public by wearing a brown outfit featuring the latest militaristic effects upon the clothing . . . with this outfit Master EMRICK will show the most advantageous uses of the shoulder coi'sage . . . IF THE ABOVE DOES NOT SATISFY YOUR GURIOSITY the ACTUAL NEWS STORY APPEARS UPON THE FIRST PAGE OF THIS PAPER . . . AND THE SIGS HAVE THE NERVE TO CALL THE BETAS SISSIES«.«•
Master WALLY CRAIG will wear yellow bloomers of muslin with a black satin sash and bow tie . . . Master CRAIG’S, hair is naturally curly and there will be no need for Beauty-Shop service except for the
usual facial . . .
UNION PREXY—JAMES H. SHOEMAKER will model a velvet dinner jacket, satin trousers, and patent leather pumps . . Mr. SHOEMAKER will wear a white gardenia in his hair to show the effect of school-girl complexion and slick pompedour hair in contrast with the
lovely flower . . .
Master WILLIAM HODGDON with his pretty delicate pink cheeks will carry a beautiful corsage of pink roses to blend with his gorgeous and natural complexion . . . Master HODGDON’S ensemble will
MARS—PASSES—MARS
DOIT, POMES, WOMAN HATERS AND VICE VERSA, ANYTHING SEPECTACULAR WILL
WIN THOSE PASSES ...
^ —
will l>e given March «. at i p. m. in xwm S18, Rccltatton- Butldihg. Application
ahould n made at history office
Removal o( Math CondtUona—‘%aiiiiihn tions tor the removal of conditioite in matninatics will be held March 18 at 1 li. m. in the Recitation Buildina. —marshall.
Geologry Conditions—Kxaminations for the removal of C grades in Geology 8, Physical Geology, and in Geology 5, Forestry Geology will be held in room 207 Heavilon Hall. Saturday, March 6 from 1 to 4 p. m. Students intending to take examinations must report to room 202 Heavilon Hall not later than March 4. SERVISS and MILLER.
P. M. 1«—Examinations lor the removal of conditions and incompletes in descriptive Geometry will be held Saturday, March 6, from 1 to 4 p. m., in room 808 of the Civil Engineering Building. Arrangements must be made with me prior to taking the examination. —PORSCH.
Playshop Election—Candidates for .198738 Board positions must turn in petitions at the Union desk before March 5 at 4 t>. m. Playshop members and students with credit in English 61 are eligible. —BUSSELL.
W. A. A.—Mass meeting March 5 at 4 p. m. Plans for state play day will be announced and discussed. Championship game between intramural volleyball teams will be held. —JONES.
P. I. A.—^All independent students interested in taking advanced dancing lessons please sign in the P. I. A. office from 4 to 6 p. m. anytime before March 6. —BUXTON.
W. A. A. Bowling—The following games will be bowled March 4; Alpha Xi Delta vs. Ward 2, 6 ;45 p. m.: Ward 4 vs. Pi Phi 8:30 p. m. —BOEHM. Military Boxing Tournament—The finals of the military boxing tournament will be held at 7:30 p. m. Thursday in the Memorial Gymnasium. The following bouts are scheduled: 116 pound class, Tillson vs. Nash : 125 pound class, Ostrander vs. Carpenter; 136 pound class, Murphy vs. Vuchinas ; 146 pound class. Butcher vs. Hend«son ; 160 pound class, Jelnick vs. Conklin. 176 pound class, Lafuse vs. Potter; heavyweight, Vitkus, opponent to be selected. —KURTZ.
Flying Club—Meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Building March 4 at 7 p. m. All members are requested to be present. \ —SMITH.
WBAA
11:0011:16 11:30
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY New Beginners’ Class For Ladies and Gentlemen Opens Wed., March 10 7:30 P. M. Phone 2150 Aliena’s ««• & F«"y
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
^RVICE _ _ Offle* StaUenwy,. 'SFaddlng InviUHont
PHONE - W«B«ok..Ete... --^6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408iffiRRii
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasitms 25c per passenger any part of the city 5Q23 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Domer*s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
TODAY •
Morning Musicale. ■Midday Melodies. ■Principles of Bookkeeping, Mr. L. G. Minier, Jefferson High
School dasa.
11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—Give Us A Song. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time, with Pat Clinton’s Orchestra. 12 :30—John Brubaker and “Rhythm
Swingsters.”
12:45—Home Helps and Happenings, “Brighten Up The House For Spring and Summer”—Betty Simpson, Barbara Harrison. 1:00—Arsene Summers, contralto. 1:16—^Better Expression, “Methods of Speech Improvement” Mr. M. D.
Steer.
1:30—Geography in the News. 1:46—Markets and weather reports. 2:00—Aviation Today, Prof. G. W. Haskins. 2:15—Songs and Melodies. 2 :30—Glenn Crose, guitar and vocal. 2:45—^Treasure Chest, Robert Horn. 3 :(M)—Mimical Moments. 8 Men of Vision. 3:80—We Have Music. 3 :45—Education and Society.
Skull and Crescent—Meeting in Memorial Union Building at 7 :30 p. m. March 4. Important. Ticket distribution will be made. —FENSTEBMAKER. Basketball Game Staff—Faculty and students who acted as ticket takers, sellers, etc., during the basketball season, report at the ticket office immediately for payment. —KIZER.
; if"'' ■ ■ by an attractive personal appearance Crown Cleaning Service will give your clothes the right appeal. Have Your Clothes Crown Cleah^d Resjiilarly
FINE CLEANERS OP FINE CLOTHES
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Meeting March 4 at 7 o’clock in Y. W. C. A. office. —JONES.
Purdue Lutheran Students’ Club—Meeting Sunday March 7 at 7 :30 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. All members should attend the important meeting. —MAAHS.
W. A. A. Fencing—All girls in the tournament please meet in the Womens Gym at 4 :45 p. m. March 4. —BEKO.
W. S. G. A.—^The following girls are requested to report at the W. S. G. A. office between 4 and 5 o’clock March 6: E. J. Ainsworth, L. M. Albertson, E. M. Alther, S. L. Anderson, R. A. Angert, B. Appelbaum, R. E. Arbuckle, B. G. Auld, P. T. Axelberg, E. M. Bailey, H. Bailey, C. J. Baker, E. G. Baker, F. E. Baker, E. C. Barmes. H. B. Barnes, E. A. Barton, E. M. Beall, V. Beebe, L. Begge, E, R. Bell, M. A, Beko, B. E. Bennett, T. Berry, H. P. Billings, B. J. Bills, S, D. Bouton, L. Bradshaw. —LIPPERT.
Silver Mask—Important meeting at 4:30 p. m. March 4, in the fencing room. —ANTUSCHKO.
Military Athletic Officers—The following Cadet Officers will report to the Memorial Gymnasium at 6:45 p. m. Thursday March 4
for the finals in the boxing tournament: Oriffenhagen, Grleger, Isenbarger, Schaefer, Wakefield, Ross, Long, Rollins, Love, Weisenbach, Lowery, Suardl, Shealor, and Wright. —KURTZ.
W. S, G. A. Judicial Board—Important meeting at 4 p. m. on March 4 in the office. —FELDT.
W. A. A. Volleyball—Juniors vs. Seniors at 4 p. m. March 4 in the large Gym. The Freshman B team vs. Sophomores at 4 p. m. in the small Gym. —THATCHER.
Interdenominational Services—Vesper services will be held March 4 at 4 p. m. in room B of the Memorial Union Building. Rabbi Simon will speak on “Prayer In The Modern World.” —BLALOCK.
Singing Chorus—Meet at 6:80 p. m. in the Memorial Union ballroom March 4. Please be prompt. —RIETH.
Organic Chemistry Conditions—^Examination for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 29 and 107 Will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p. m. April 10. Applications must be made at the General office in the Chemistry Building before the Spring recess, —NELSON.
Fencers—Since we are leaving promiitly at 2 p. m. March 6, the following men must get their equipment from the fencing room some tiine March • 4: Latter, McWilliams, Huffman, Matthews, Levin, Meier, Seaborg, and Antucshko. —LACEY.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVktTTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
Good Portable Victrola — With records. $5.50. Tuxedo suits, at Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
NOTICES No noticM acctiitwl after t p. m.
C. E. 41—^An examination for the removal of G grades will be given March 6th, 1 to 4 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. Students expecting to take the examination should report to F. W. Grevc not later than March 4th. —GREVE.
History, Economics and Government — Examinations for the removal of conditions
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHN SPERB
822-24 Main
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4966
KEYS Keys far tnulca, ffiwr teckiL 4ed( Utka, ni^ latcua and padlMJca. Aatn kajm and baadie leeks a alaltrF. Jus. Niilhaupt & Son Plwaa JWW laif^ettew bd.
LYLE E. fisher Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office' Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. BISK OB. BOBBBT G. BISK DB. LUTHBB A. KISK 400 Sehnltx Bldg. Fhone 6701
Carole Lombard says: ^^Advised by my singing coach, I changed to Luckies’^
my new picture ^Sunng High, Swing Low* 1 sing a song for the first time since I hUve on the screen* To do this, I spent months taking singing lessons. And with this added strain, my throat was not in good shape. My singing coach suggested that when choosing cigarettes, I select a light smoke. And so I changed to Luckies, Since then Fve found that a light smoke and my throat g^ along together just fine,**
CURRENTLY STARRING IN PARAMOUNT PICTURES’ ’’SWING HIGH. SWING LOW”
independent survey was made recently among professional men and women—lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc. Of those who said they smoke cigarettes, more than 87% stated they personally prefer a light smoke. Miss Lombard verifies the wisdom of this preference, and so do other leading artists of the radio, stage, screen and opera. Their voices are their fortunes* That’s why so many of them smoke Luckies. You, too, cati have the throat protection of Luckies—a light smoke, free of certain harsh irritants rentioved by the exclusive process 'Tt's Toasted”. Luckies are gentle on the throat.
THE FINEST TOBACCOS^ “THE CREAM OF THE CRO|»»»
A Light Smoke ’It’s Toasted”-Your Throat Protectioti
AGAINST IRRITATION—AGAINST COUGH
Copyright 1987, The Amortegn ICabueo Compmy