/
Summer Session Edition
' ■' "
Student Newspaper Of Purdue Vnivenity
VOLUME ONE
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, AUGUST 5, 1937
NUMBEET^
Purdue Named
Beneficiary In Large Estate
Mrs. Stuart Wills 55 Per Cent of $385,000 Estate To University
The University will receive 66 per cent of the estimated $385,000 estate of the late Mrs. Charles Benedict Stuart, Lafayette community leader and welfare worker, who died last week. The will, drawn up October 12, 1933, was filed for probate Friday in the office of the county clerk.
The will stipulates that the 65 per cent going to the University shall be used as follows: not to exceed $2,000 for a memorial window, preferably in the library in memory of Dr. James H. Stuart, who was president of Purdue while Charles B. Stuart was president of the board of trustees; the rest to be used for or toward a building to be known as a Charles Benedict Stuart memorial.
Other beneficiaries besides the University include Mary Clauser, a cousin, of Delphi, who will receive 35 per cent of the estate, the Home Hospital which will receive 10 per -cent of the $386,000, and the town of Earl Park, which will receive 27 acres of land to be used for a park and playground.
In a statement issued last night President Elliott said that until the University actually received the money no announcement of the type of memorial to be ei*ected by the University could be made.
Civic Charge To 1937 Seniors Is Available
The civic charge to the class of 1937, delivered by Gov. M. Clifford! Townsend at the ’University commencement exercises on June 13, has been printed in pamphlet form and will be distributed to all members of the graduating class as well as to faculty and staff members, it was announced yesterday.
There will be a limited supply of copies of the address available for distribution to the general public, which may be obtained by addressing the University Editor^’ Purdue University, Lafayette, Ind.
Falling Block Injures Worker At Fleldhouse
Claude Parnell, employee with the Wege Marble and Tile Co., of Indi^.napolis, suffeted a rib fracture Friday when a cement block fell on him while he was worjking on the swimmihg, pool in the new University Fieldhouse. He was tdken to the Home Hospital.
The Wege CQn«0fni is a sub-con-tractor to A. E. Kemmer, builder of the fieldhouse.
ChE Softball Outfit Ends perfect Season
D^VjP^n^y-Nolting Engineers, softball tieam of the chemical engineering school, defeated “Doc” Degering’s chemistry faculty players, 5-4, yesterday afternoon on Stuart Field to complete a perfect season. Kriegbaum was the winning pitcher in the seven-inning contest.
The Engineers won seven straight games this season> four against the faculty team ‘and three against industrial outfits.
Morris Takes Position With Louisville Paper
Ei Hugh Morris, of Louisville, Ky., 1936-37 managing editor of the Ekpbnent and managing editor of the. Attica tiedirer-T^ihune during the last several weeks, has accepted a position as, desh editoif on the XduiEtville Courier-jounAal. He leit Attica Saturday to assume his new position.
WBAA Holds Trials
For Staff Workers, Artists Tomorrow
WBAA is searching for new talent.^ Program directors, singers, annouhcers, and dramatic artists are wanted. An opportunity for gaining experience in the many branches of radio work will be provided for those who are interested.
The station will maintain its activities throughout the remainder of the summer season rather than go off the air at the end of the Summer Session as has been the custom in the past. Starting August 16 th6 station will broadcast daily except Sunday from 11 a. nu till 4 p. m. Anyone in the vicinity OT Lafayette who desires to try his luck in the radio field is asked to get in touch with the WBAA officials as soon as possible. Applicants for the auditions which will be held tomorrow at 3 o’clock in the WBAA studios in the Electrical Engineering Building should notify the radio officials as to the brand of radio he desires to enter.
Elliott Accepts Tomato Festival Bid At Elwood
Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University, has accepted an invitation to take part in the first annual Indiana Tomato Festival at Elwood next Wednesday. Gov. M. Clifford Townsend will also appear on the program. Dr. Elliott will have charge of the “coronation ceremonies” during which the festival queen. Miss Zola Cook, of Elwood, will be crowned. Miss Cook will have 14 ladies-in-waiting.
Forvneir Engineering Dean, 80, Dies Monday
Dr. Charles Henry Benjamin, 80, dean of engineering at Purdue from 19|07 to 1921, died Monday at the home of his daughter in Washington, D. C. Dr. Benjamin wrote a number of books on machine design, steam engines, and machine tools, and was especially noted for his work in the fields of smoke prevention and the testing of rapidly rotating bodies.
Poultrymen Assemble In Union Lounge Today
Merchandising representatives of chain stores, the Indiana Poultry Association, farm organizations, and farm publications will discuss the selling of certified eggs at a conference. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building today.
'Now You See It, Now You Don*f
tt
i "””1
Sleight Of Hand ArtisL Will Baffle Dancers At
Mixer Tomorrow Night
Felipe Chelala, the Cuban-slight of hand artist who has just returned to Lafayette from Miami, Fla., where he played at the Casa Loma Hotel, will be featured tomorrow night with Johnny Ammerman’s or-chestra-.Jat r. th6.1IUeniorial Ufiion Building in the concluding mixer of the Summer Session, lasting from 9 to 12 o’clock.
Chelala has been pulling his “now you see it, now you don’t” stunt for the last 20 years in major night clubs throughout the United States, Cuba, and South America. He has performed in the Silv/fcr Slipper, Cleveland, O., the Casino, Denver, Colo., the Arcadia, Buffalo, N. Y.;
Ki2Cr Is Recovering
Athletic Director Kizer is well oh his road to recovery and each day shows visible evidence of recuperation, Robert C. Woodworth, athletic publicity director, said last night. However, it is not known how soon “Nobe” will be able to leave the hospital and the idea of taking up his duties is not even thought of as yet.
the Log Cabin, Louisville, Ky., and at other similar clubs.
The above picture shows Chelala doing the only life portrait of the late Rudolph Valentino at Havana, Cuba, in 1923.
Ammerman is calling all of his former musicians back to the campus after an absence of six weeks.
Rita Rio’s All-Girl Band To Play At Local Lodge
Rita Rio, dancing and singing sensation of Eddie Cantor’s picture, “Strike Me Pink,” and her 12-piece all girl band will play Saturday from 10 to 12 p. m. at the Lincoln Lodge for a dance sponsored by the local Phi Delta Kappa sorority.
Rita and her band are on their way from Hollywood to New York City where-they will fill a popular demand engagement at the Million Dollar" Pier.
Admission for the dance is $1.66, inclliding the tax.
Final Examinations
See page 4 of this issue of the Exponent for a complete schedule of Summer Session final examinations.
3,000 Turnout For Outdoor Songfest, Movie In Stadium
In spite of a weather prediction for rain, 3,000 josfful singers faithfully followed the leading of Director of Music A. P. Stewart in “Hail, Puydue,” as the Summer Session recreational committee brought to a close its 1937 outdoor entertainment.
A varied bill of musical numbers was presented at last Thursday’s songjEest in Ross-Ade Stadium. The Sumnifer Session Chorus, which made its debut on the recent NBC radio program that originated on the campus, made its first local appearance with three well-loved semiclassical numbers.
Boy Wins Contest The seven amateurs selected from WBAA auditions presented their specialties, with David Carden, 12-year-old cowboy singer and harmonica player being selected by applause as the winner of the contest. He was awarded a new Purdue football.
Following the amateur hour, a trio composed of Jo Friend and Rosemary and “Whistling” Jean Skinner sang three popular songs.
The climax of the evening came in the presentation of the longawaited student-produced movie, “Kornered In Klondike,” a 20 minute melodrama of Indiana farm life.
The ^tion of the picture revolved around the antics of Farmer Jim and his discoveries through his $2.98 “telescopy.” .
University C^penter Loses Three Fn^gers
John Lau’gheed, carpenter on the University maintenance force for the past 10 years, had the middle tln-ee fingers of his left hand cut off in a jointer while working on ,the Service and Stores Building yesterday morning. The jointer was equipped with a safety head and a safety ^ard, according to C. D. Bushnell, - superintendent of the physical plant, who said that he “had no idea how the accident occurred.”
Orientation Of 1941 Class Begins Sept. 11
Tests Precede Oassrooin Meeting On FoUowing Thursday Mpmuig
Designed to brige the gap between high school and university, the annual orientation period for freshmen and new students entering the University will begin Saturday morning, September 11, preliniinary to the arrival of the upperclassmen.
President E. C. Elliott, Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton, and Dean of Men M. L. Fisher wiU speak at the introductory convocation which will also include instruction in Purdue songs and yells and an explanation of the orientation tests.
The remainder of the morning will be devoted to psychological examinations and English placement tests, the first of the orientation examinations which are designed to test the abilities of the students and to make their proper placement in classes more effective.
Meet In School Groups
Saturday afternoon the students will meet in groups of schools, at which time an opportunity for meeting staff members will be provided. The first of the English composition tests will follow.
The President’s' dinner for all freshmen and transfer women, followed by the faculty-student reception and a dance in the Memorial Union ballroom is scheduled for Saturday evening.
‘-"->Si)6ciSr church services will'be held in all local, churches -Sunday, while on Monday ^a home economic placement test,'a mathematics placement test, and physical examinations will be given. Physical examinations will continue through Tuesday, with registration being coihpleted Wednesday in preparation for the class work which starts Thursday, September 16.
Laugheed was taken to the Home Hospital for treatment.
PUBLICATION DATES
One more Expopent will be published during the current Summer Session, on August 12.
Greater University Of North Carolina Resembles Purdue In Many Respects, But Students Down There Have No Aftefnoon Classes
By Harris Stanback
Exponent Staff Conreapondent
(Editor’a Note:'Harris Stanback, junior mechanical engineering student of Purdue and an associate editor on the Exponent, gathered th^ following information on tiih Universitj of North Carolina While Vatationinff in that southern state.)
Carolina rhymes with paradise.
Carolina paeans the Greater University of North Carolina, and the reason for the rhyming lies in the fact that they have no afternoon classes there—apd ain’t that somethin? To appease my conscience, hdwever, I wilj admit that a few poor unfortunates do have ari occa--sional afternoon, lab; but the great majority of the students not only have their afternoons off but have one free hour each morning.
Vacationing in North Carolina last week, I visited the U. N. C. campus at Chapel Hill, accompanied by a cousin who will be a sophomore there next year. From what he told me and from what I saw and read in their freshman bible I gatlier that Caroling is much like Purdue in^many refjpects. .
Ten Eds TJo One Co-ed The ed to (Sff-%d ratio there is about 8,00^ td SOiO. Thiy too are
just finishing a new women’s dorm, nearly twice as large as our WRH. Quoting from their freshman bible under the heading of “Co-eds”:
“Co-eds must be in every night by 10:30 o’clock, except on weekends when the curfew is moved back to 11. Fifteen minute warning bells give campus strollers a cbance to get back to the coed ‘shack’. '(Jars aren’t necessary at all; the coeds aren’t fragile.”
Carolina enjoys the distinction of non-subsidized athletics; that their unpaid athletes are top-notch is shown by their records of successful seasons in many sports. Their Kenan stadium, called by Grantland Rice “the most beautiful football stadium in the country,” seats 24,000.
Building A Fieldhouse*
They boast a special stadium for track, a separate baseball field, six intramural gridirons^ and a galvanized iron gym that looks.big enough to play football in. Like Purdue they dre now building an enormous new fieldhouse.
U. N. C., the first state university in America, is now 144 years did.
Its first building and several others erected before the year 1800 are still in use.
Campus politics comes to the'fore quite regularly in this southern university, andjthe schemes employed by the campus-“shoty” seem to far outclass the Purdue - campaigns. 1 got the details on one campaign conducted there concerning staff .elections for tlieir publications..
Do Their Qwn -Electing Yheir newsrag, the Daily Tar Heel, only college daily in the South, is staffed by popular election according po custom. This year tAie editor ■'called together his .cohorts one fine day, ahd between them they picked a new editor .and staff for next year. ^
On receipt of this news the campus bpiled over. “You can’t do that to us,” raged the stoogfents; To keep peace' in Carolina the pubUca'«' tidns iioard announced that they would conduct a poll and allow all the students to vote for or ai^inst staff elections, If staff elections were approved^ thb Tar Heel wppoint* ments would be accepted.
Well, naturally the defehied candidates for Tar Heel jobs were agin
staff elections. They put their heads together and evolved a worthy scheme.
Loud Speakers Roar On the morning of the poll the campus -awoke to the raucous screaming of the largest public address system available in the county. All day long the loud speakers blasted. Phonograph records were played. Short skits were broadcast. Campus' big shots were interviewed. But every minute or so a stentorian voice would break in repeating the chant, “Vote Against Staff Elections.”
Thejoudspoakers won.
But the ludicrous aftermath came when popular vote for Tar Heel editorships elected the same persons whom the staff had previously picked.
Carolina has:
Twenty-four fraternities, two siororities (Chi 0 and Pi Phi), no engineering school (engineering is taught at. anothep state school at Raleigh), a campus Immor magazine that’s really the nuts, and many et ceteras that I have fmgotten or skipped.
McCartney Gets Grant County Appointment
Doris Ellen McCartney, H. E. *37, has been ’ appointed home demimstration agent for Grant county to succeed Miss Hannah McEwan. The appointment is effective August 20.
Miss McCartney was president of thO Pi Beta Phi.aorority during her senior year as well As junior co-M editor of the Eityonent.
Potters Go On Month’s
Vavation to Rocl^ Mts.
Dean A. A. Potter, of the University engineering schools, left yesterday morning with his wife, their son, James Potter, of Chicago, ahd daughter, Helen, on a four weeks’ motor vacation trip to the Rocky Mountains.
WBAA Program
—TODAY— 11:00—Charlotte Friend Stewart 11:16—Birth of the News 11:30—Dorothy Holden—Pianist -11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Give Va A Song 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time 12:30—The Story Lady —Catherine Parlon 12:48—Market & Weather Reports 1:00—Marie Randolph—Xylophonist 1:16—Rosemary Robinson--Pianist 1:80—Treasure Chest—Janet Ford 1;46—Chats with the Housewife 2HJ0—^Melody Time 2:15—Radio Travel Review 2:80—Tune Tips
--FitlHAY— 11:00—Urban Sociology—T. K. Noss 11:80^Pnrdae NeWa llaahm . 12:00—Asrieulturajl Forum 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time 12:30—Athletic Review—Bob Heine 12:45—Market 4.Weather Reports 1:00—Frank Triboulet—Tenor 1:45—Typing School of the Air 2:00—Marjory Williamson—Soprano 2:15—British Isles 2:30—Harold Schulte—Tmor 2:48—Tune Tips
«:00-Jttat Kids
:t Ke&orta
12:OO^Markefe ia:»^L«»ehdo»
*1^
W^f—Yowtlos*). CwtfMiin • . V ' 1 :Q0—Radm Staff* 1:30-Tub» Tim»-J»NMdes Pavwh 1 USn-Saturdar Muslsst RMMkne
■MTHE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thursday, August 5,1937
i'4
i
4,
^uriiae exponent
V^linM in 188S
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwi8.e accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily roincide with the ofticiW University viewpoint.
Main Office—312 North Fifth Street Ph6ne 6037
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indians, under the act of Congress of March S, 1879, and at wie special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8. 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Sunday and Monday during the regular academic year, and weekly during the Summer Session.
R. Paul Manion. Editor-in-Chief David C. Miller.” Business Manager
Thursday, August 5, 1937
Is Cribbing Worthwhile?
Whether the “crime” of cribbing on final examinations lies in the act itself or whether in the getting caught is a problem which everjr student may figure out for himself, but there are certain University penalties and related consequences which must be considered in any fair appraisal of the question. As periodic as the examinations themselves, occurs the apprehension, conviction, and sentencing of at least one or two students.
Any student charged with cribbing on a final exam is given a fair trial by a joint committee of faculty men and students. Both the indicting instructor and the accused student are heard, separately, by the comntittee. Occasionally the defender is acquitted, and no record of the case is kept by the University. When a conviction is made, however, the stigma may carry far into the student’s life.
A common sentence infiicted upon students
found guilty of a first cribbing offense includes : a “D” in the course in which the act was committed; an addition of three credit hours to graduation requirements.of the culprit; and a disciplinary probation period of one year. A second conviction is punishable by expulsion from the University.
Reports of such convictions and sentences are placed in the hands of thu^egistrar, who enters them on his permanent records. Since a year ago, any disciplinary Action is noted on records issued by the registrar’s office only for the duration of the probation period. If this trial period has been completely and faithfully observed, no further mention is made.
The registrar’s files are open to the personnel bureau which holds the important capacity of finding jobs for graduating students. In most instances this department does not, acquaint employers with any disciplinary proceedings of the University against a prospective employee, but when honesty is an essential to filling a position, the personnel director may deem it obligatory to report all relative information.
Blame for cribbing sometimes falls back upon a misunderstanding of the student as to what materials may be taken into the examination room. On a final in accounting the class may be told to “bring anything but a C. P. A.”; on another the instructor permits the use of “anything except a fraternity brother; again, only a pen or pencil is allowed.
Here the fault lies partly with negligent instructors. All of them have been asked by the administration to instruct their students concerning final examination rules and the penalties for breaking them, but quite often even the best of professors forget to perform this duty.
Collegiate
By Orval Lorenz
Dr. D. Allan, psychologist at Hampden-Sidney college, has helped students to raise their grades from 2 to 16 points by hypnotizing them. “I did this,” he explains, “by talking the students into a hypnotic state and then stating with emphasis:
“As4he result of this trance your powers of concentration will be greatly increased, your mind will work better, and you will not be nervous during examinations. You will have great ambition to be successful in your studies and to improve your class records.”
Following experiments by the psychologist, many grades climbed unbelieveably high. During the five years he has been conducting the experiment. Dr. Allan has worked on 62 volunteers and improved the marks of all but five, who could not be hypnotized.
Once upon a time these was a rich man who gave his son, Joseph, a gift of $1,000,000 when he graduated from Harvard. I wonder what I’ll get when I graduate from col lege—if I do.
If you think that your brain pow er is affected by loss of sleep, you may stop worrying right, now, ac cording to psychologists at the Uni' versity of Southern California. Three students were kept awake from 5:30 a. m. one Friday until 10:30 p. m. Saturday. Every 10 hours the subjects were given tests in solving more than 100 math prob lems and indentifying more than 300 colors flashed before their eyes. Their accuracy was practically unchanged in spite of fatigue, but increasingly frequent “blank” lapses occurred in which they could not solve the simplest problems.
V ¥ V ¥
A university professor from Australia traveled 12,000 miles to attend the Empire Universities Congress at London, only to find that he was a year ahead of time. The misunderstanding was caused by a typist’s error. * * * *
After 10 years of experimenting Professor Komppa of Oregon State Colleg6 has finally succeeded in transforming ordinary peat into liquid coal.
What romance! The women at Berea College in Kentucky are allowed to efitertain three times a week fi’om the hours of 6 to 7. If caught hand-holding they are fined $10, and if caught kissing, they are fined $26. Tsk! Ifannah, get back to your knitting this minute! . * * I* *
A certain, women’s college has . been making much of the fact that statistics show that men get mad on an average q€ six times a week, and womeii only three. What they don’t explain is who makes the men
Little Miss Muffet Sat on a tuffet. Drinking a rye high-ball. Along came a spider And sat down beside her. And she said, “Beg pardon, thish sheat ish taken.”
Those ain’t apples along the walk behind the Library. And if they were, they wouldn’t be any good; ’cause they would be wormy old crab apples.. Anyway, I saw them first.
Next year we’re going to operate on a different basis. Had Bill McNaughton planked his Sig cross on Weisbach next year instead of this summer, we wouldn’t have men tioned it. There will be no scandal. Instead it’s supposed to be funny. How do you like the idea? Either way, it will be tough for the columnist.
But this weather is beginning to tell. Summer School was fine. We think we noticed the change when the final schedules came out.
Did anyone notice the sign on the levee Kroger store?
We Have A Complete Line Of Triple Tested Fancy Sausages
Not being a culinist, we have been losing sleep wondering how Mr. Kroger triple tests his fancy sausages. We’d even award Mars’ passes to anyone who could ease our mind. If there are any other fancy signs around the campus that have evaded us, they are worth Mars’ passes. In fact about anything rates the ducats, especially a good joke. Let’s get on the ball. —^fc— I go sociology class. Boys fall asleep. Professor knock on desk. He say: We gonna talk about About birth control. Whole cldss wake up. Then professor say: Next Month. Ha! Ha! That good trick.
FOR RENT—^Very desirable 8^oom modern home. Double garage, $50. 511 N. Seventh, East Side.
C« CARTEIR
for
Bicycle Rentals and Repnifing Keys Duplicated
^ , ' PBONE 8281 Stotc a afliu . w.
Laushs on High
Joe E. Brown goes far aloft for his laughs in his latest feature “Riding On Air” which comes to the New Main Theatre starting with a Midnite Prevue Saturday,
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
NEWS Since SUNDAY
Foreign
As China’s Nanking-'government drafted a decree this week severing diplomatic relations with Japan— first move in the song and dance that makes the war official—important developments in the Sino-Nip-ponese conflict occurred:
(1) Russia entered the picture when Soviet diplomats clamored for “satisfaction” after Japanese troops purportedly helped White Russians raid the Soviet consulate in Tientsin
and seize the archives Sunday. Re-
ports spread that China will get
Russian aid,
(2) The Japanese shouldered emergency taxes to raise a $120,000,000 war chest.
(3) A reported 300,000 Chipese nationalist troops mustered and moved north through hinterland provinces toward the scene of conflict. Thousands of Japanese reinforcements marched south from Manchukuo to the East and from beyond the Great Wall to the North.
(4) The gates of Japanese-pos-sessed Peiping, north China capital, were closed. Imprisoned foreigners sought refuge. The price of American flags quadrupled as foreigners tacked them up for moral protection. From the Peiping area, Japanese war planes spread death and terror for hundreds of miles with tiombs.
Washington
Rumors that President Roosevelt may appoint a Supreme Court judge after congress adjourns, and thus without senate approval, grew stronger this week when Attorney General Cummings unofficially advised the White House the plan was legal.
Strongest motive for turning congress into a legislative steamroller — adjournment — started party whips cracking and induced a gag rule to cut short long-winded congressmen this week. The house labor committee made ready to put the senate-passed Wages and Hours bill to a house vote. Trends point toward limiting the labor board from fixing minimum wages above 40 cents an hour or maximum hours below 40 per week.
Leaders forecast quick passage of the Wagner housing bill, designed to loan and contribute federal funds for clearing slums and building lowrent dwellings. A three year loan of ,'$700,000,000 is scheduled to provide the funds.
%EE:
Two gay spooks on the rampage., with a timid soul just learning the whoopee facts of lifel It's the new
An invisible beauty take a bath! Gorgeous Connie step out of an evening gown .. into invisibility!—anc/ other bilariouM tricke o/,a camera on the ImsoI
laugh hit!
ZitiSir
iiBT
•"■'■'A c
Today / Fri. and Sat.
Robert Montgomery Marion Davies
STARTS SUNDAY
“Ever Since Eve”
with
MAM
Frank McHugh Patsy Kelly
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘Make him take off his hat before you give him a check!”
The two other measures on the administration’s “must list,” scheduled for passage, are the substitute Lower Court Bill and the Sugar Quota Measure. Congress is expected to clear the slate and adjourn by August 21,
Labor
Detroit’s Common Pleas Judge, R. W. Liddy, one man grand jury investigating the May 26 riot at the Ford Motor Company plant gates, recommended Tuesday that six Dearborn policemen be disciplined for their conduct at the riot.
Philadelphia’s Mayor, S. Davis Wilson, declared a “state of emergency” yesterday and braced city forces to oppose labor in the citywide strike of 10,000 truck drivers. He launched a “peace patrol” of 1,500 automobiles, each carrying four policemen, to check disorder and violence. As A. F. of L. truck drivers’ union protested the use of “thugs” by the A. & P. grocery chain to convoy its delivery trucks, $500,000 worth of jJroduce rotted in Philadelphia warehouses and food supplies dwindled as distribution to groceries stopped.
Both the C. I. O. and the A. F. of L. publicized gains this week in their struggle for supremacy in the organized labor movement. The C. I. 0. claimed control of two-thirds of the southern textile workers, and reviewed contracts protecting 23,000 workers in the Ohio Valley. The A. F. of L. collected scattered reports and jingoed the picture of a C. I. O. fraught with Communism. John L, Lewis was charged in Mas-
-UMUHr
Sunday and Monday
ALICE
FAYE
PATSY KELLY NED SPARKS JApK HALEY Grace Bradley * Walter
Catlett • Leah Roy
TODAY — FRI. — SAT. 2 FIRST RUN HITS Ricardo Cortez
“THE CALJFOKNIAN” ; —plus— Rochelle Hudson ■ 1 “Born Reckless” I
sachusetts with “appointing” an examiner of the National Labor Relations board.
At Sea
Cool For Your Comfort
NIW - I
Today—Fri.—Sat. Double Feature
—PLUS— Peter B. Kyne’s Fastest Snappiest Action Story HEADLINE CRASHER with Frankie Darro Kane Richmond
Starts Midnite Prevue Saturday 11:30
*“•**>** ITS " FIRST RUN
Off the Atlantic coast at Newport, R. I., Harold S. Vanderbilt sailed his sloop Ranger to three consecutive victories in the traditional contest between America and England for yachting supremacy. Outsailing T. 0. M. Sopwith's Endeavor II by the greatest margin in 50 years of the contest, he brought victory and honor within one day’s sailing.V
i ' 5 »■'
\
Thurs43^y, August 5,1937,
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
CEBaseballers Meet Summer Sehool Today
Series Already Clinched By Local Team’s 1-0 Win Last Thursday This afternoon at 4 o’clock, the Ross Camp and Summer Session diamond nines will meet in the last of a nye-game series at the varsity diamond on Intramural Field. The series has already been decided by the 1 to 0 victory of the summer school squad over the Civil Engineers last Thursday at Ross Camp. In the game last week, Wargo, summer ^chool hurler, held the Campers to a lone single and s^truck out 11 men in the six innings. The civil engineering pitchers also provided plenty of trouble for the summer school batsmen, as ShifF and Zachary held them to three hits and fanned six. The game was won by a tally resulting from a single by Bremer, summer school third baseman and leadoff man, an error on the Camper pitcher, Shiif, and a pass ball in the first inning.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post*^fl8ce Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Boilermakers Meet Santa Clara In 1939 Fair Contest
For the first time in history, Purdue’s football team will invade the Pacific Coast, on October 28, 1939, to meet Santa Clara in an intersectional game in the Kezar stadium at San Francisco that will provide one of the feature athletic attractions of the world’s fair.
The addition of the Pacific Coast jaunt, which will replace the annual trek to New York City to meet Fordham, leaves only one open date on the 1939 card which shapes up as one of the most attractive, and at the same time, strenuous schedules in Purdue football history.
Play Five Big 10 Games In addition to five Big Ten games with Minnesota, Iowa, Northwestern, Wisconsin, and Indiana and the game with Santa Clara, the Boilermakers will meet Notre Dame and Michigan State.
Purdue’s 1939 grid schedule, as arranged to date, follows: Sept. 30—Purdue at Notre Dame Oct. 7—Michigan State at Purdue Oct. 14—Purdue at Minnesota Oct. 21—Open Oct. 28—Purdue at Santa Clara (San Francisco) Nov. 4—^lowa at Purdue Nov. 11—Purdue at Northwestern Nov. 18—Purdue at Wisconsin Nov. 25—Purdue at Indiana
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main St, \( Lafayette
Your Summer Clothes Should Be Cleaned Often
Our methods of handling these garments, either laundering or dry cleaning, insure that bright, fresh appearance you like. Phone 3085 and have our driver call.
10% discount on all laundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette office.
American Laundry
AT LAST AT POPULAR PRICES! Pearl Buck’s novel now springs to life!
It's coming! Most eagerly awaited film in history —you will get the' thrill of a lifetime! Never again
with WALTER CONNOLLY Tilly Loach Charley Crape win Jeaeie Ralph
Today Fri. and Sat. Double Feature
JACK HOLT in “Roaring Timber” —and— Pinky Tomlin (n “Sin» While You're Able”
HMore maBnineent tnan m nSr^eBrela, l«iae Rainer 'I \ Starting SUNDAY
LUMA
Purdue Grid Squad Battles Old Rival In Scout Day Game
Purdue’s “oldest” gridiron rival, Butler University, the school that the Boilermakers bumped up against in 1887 when they first essayed a try at football, will provide the athletic feature of Boy Scout Day on the Purdue campus in the season's opener in the Ross-Ade Stadium on_ Saturday, September 25, according to an announcement made yesterday. The battle with the Bulldogs, who were undefeated last season as they copped the Indiana Collegiate Championship for fhe third time in recent years, is expected to provide an ideal attraction for the visiting Boy Scouts who will be the guests of the Purdue athletic department for the afternoon.
Although the Boy Scouts Day game will mark only the second meeting between the Hoosier athletic rivals since 1902, away back in the ’80’s and ’90’s the twp schools were annual rivals. To date, the two elevens have met on the field of football battle nine times, with Purdue victorious six times and Butler three.
Butler Bangs Boilermakers In 1887, back in the dark ages of Hoosier football, Purdue made its initial stab at football with Butler as the foe. Butler won, 48 to 6, and that first venture into the hidden mysteries of the gridiron was evidently so discouraging that Purdue did not have a team in intercollegiate competition in 1888. However, in 1889, Purdue de dared itself back in the field in search of football laurels, and during a three game season took another drubbing from the Bulldogs, 13 to 0. The Boilermakers made a better showing in 1890, but again were nosed out 12 to 10.
And Bulldogs Haven’t Won Since The tide turned in 1891, however, and fof the next four years Purdue gained ample revenge with victories by top-heavy margins. In 1891 Purdue won, 58 to 0; in 1892, 40 to 6; in 1893, 96 to 0, and in 1894, 30 to 0. The series was halted for an eight year period unt|l 1902, when Purdue
Baseball STANDINGS
again romped to an easy victory, 87 to 0. The 1930 game, from which Purdue returned victorious, 33 to 0, marked the next and last meeting between the two foes, who are scheduled to meet again in 1938 at La-
fayette.
Genuine Service Lubricating - Washing
LAFAYETTE MOTORS, INC.
West Lafayette Branch 329 Northwestern Ave.
Gulf Gas
Phone 5355
ARC
TODAY — FRIDAY — SATURDAY
Gene Autrey in “The Old Corral” —and— Richard Talmadge in “Never Too Late” —also— ‘Vigilantes Are Coming’
SUNDAY AND MONDAY Edward Arnold and Frances Farmer in “Come and 6et It” Joan Bennett and Cary Grant in “Wedding Present”
Tuesday and Wednesday
■*!7'
'Edgar Rice Burroughs' Mighty African MeIo> drama to Top “Trader Horn’’ —NOW
, f with Johnny lWEISSMULUR; IMaurion O'Sullivan Bonita Humo M'&M Cost
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★A National League
w.
L.
Pet.
Chicago
60
33
.648
New York
. 55
40
.578
Pittsburgh
50
43
.548
St. Louis
50
43
.548
Boston
45
50
.473
Cincinnati
38
54
.414
Brooklyn
38
54
.403
Philadelphia
39
58
.392
American League
New York
63
29
.685
Chicago
57
39
.604
Boston
53
37
.589
Detroit
52
39
.572
Cleveland
43
47
.480
Washington
40
49
.450
St. Louis
30
62
.324
Philadelphia
27
63
.298
Today’s
Games
National League Boston at St. Louis New York at Cincinnati Brooklyn at Pittsburgh Philadelphia at Chicago
American League Cleveland at Boston St. Louis at Washington Chicago at New Yprk Detroit at Philadelphia
Yesterday’s Results
National League St. Louis 7, Boston 6. New York 4, Cincinnati 3. Brooklyn 10, Pittsburgh 7. Philadelphia 2, Chicago 1.
American League St. Louis 5, Washington 3. New York 10, Chicago 9. Detroit 11, Philadelphia 7. Boston 8, 6; Cleveland 6, 5.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
llBVt Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
WATCH Your BRAKES!
Instead of guessing that your brakes are in good shape, be sure that these safeguards between you and a serious accident are really dependable. Drive in and put your car on our brake testing machine — see what theyTl stand. If they need relining or adjusting, we’ll do the job quickly and at small cost.
24 Hour Service
Peter Anderson
Phone 4048 6th & Alabama
mmmiijamm
\,
ielder’s.... ....choice
Ry Don Bailey
The last of the series of Games on the Green will be held this evening on lower Stuart Field from 6 till 8:30. The games have been a regular part of the recreational program for Summer Session students. A mixed swim is schednled for tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Memorial Gym. —^fc— A paradoxical situation exists on the Chicago National League team, which has won 14 out of its last 17 starts. Augie Galan, Cub outfielder, has gotten only one hit in his last 40 times at bat while his teammate Hartnett broke a new 1937 National League consecutive hitting record Tuesday by hitting safely in 23 straight games. — Probably the most nonsensical and downright idiotic baseball stunt of today is Lou Gehrig’s consecutive game record. In the first game of' Tuesday’s twin bill with the White Sox, the Yankee slugger played in his 1900th game without a miss. This is 593 more than Everett Scott’s old record.
Since the pJayitug daps d & httll player arc limited anyway, the writer can see nothing hut harm earning from Gehrig's tomfoolery. Those who' heard Lon get his breakfast cereals mixed up in his Stttidgy broadcast are tw!ginning to wond^ just how smart he really is, —.fc-4 Perhaps even^.jmre mysferioas than Gehrig's own attitude on the; subject is that of Marsh Joe Bfe> Carthy, Yankee manager. Why Joe allows this consecutive playing stunt to continue is something that UMnre than one person is wondering abont. We are beginning to believe that McCarthy is a little afraid to say, “Naughty, naughty, Lon, yon might hurt your little itsy, bitsy self." _fc— The writer can see only one possible answer to Lou's foolish adventure. Evidently the Yankee first sacker had a premonition that a sldgger would come along and wipe all of his records off the books, so he’s trying to salvage one of them. —^fc—
‘i3j\
“We can’t even spend oar own money” and “it’s getting to be as bad as the government" were some remarks recently uttered in a major league dugout following the announcement by Commissioner Landis that he would get to the bottom of horse race betting by the big show players.
There is Nothing Smarter
in the way of dining than having dinner at the students’ favorite restaurant.
WHEELER’S LUNCH 420 MAIN ST. ALWAYS OPEN
You will be ticketed for the best in
• Low Cost • Variety • Service • Food Quality • Convenience
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
ConMV of ConifiMh-«Cv«tW e4Aisl|llv^
i*4.ft’!'"'- . ’ f?' 4
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
wim
Civil Engineers Sigh With Relief As End Of Summer Camp Nears
By Kenlaeth Houston Kkpttn^nt Sutt Correspondent Ross Camp, August 4—^“Rise and shine!” With this and the ringing of the camp bell, another day at Ross Camp dawns. The job of being the camp wakerupper—Professor Springer’s official duty—^is by no means easy. In order to foil all plots of personal violence. Professor Springer is quite careful io see that the job does not become a routine, but is varied each day. The day may begin by Professor Springer’s ringing the bell in the doorway, or on other occasions he may ring the bell outside the barracks. Even yet the bell has a very peculiar habit of disappearing and reappearing in some out-of-the-way place, as was the case recently when the bell was discovered on top of the water tower. ^‘40’s” Appear Another mysterious happening, which follows along a custom begun by the boys back in the good old days, is the appearance of two large green “40’s”, freshly painted on the camp water tower. Now that camp is drawing to a close, so are the various camp activities. In the all-camp billiard tournament, the students have taken
a good shellacking, the last student team having been eliminated in the semi-linals. The playoff in the finals, with Professors Lommel and Todd paired against Instructors L. H. Kemmer and Frank Johns, has been help up because of the absence of Professor Todd, who has been attending a convention at a surveying camp in Minnesota. Nothing Was Settled Baseball was used in an effort to settle the long-standing question of which division is the better, the “topo” group or the location division. However nothing was settled since the “topo all American All stars” edged out the best that the location group had to offer in the first game of a double header, but the “topo” second team was soundly defeated by the location group’s second team in the following game. Last Thursday the Summer Session baseball team came out to camp in one of the army’s trucks and defeated the Ross Camp nine, 1 to 0, on a run scored in the first inning. Prir, day afternoon the Ross Camp team went in to town to seek revenge against the Lafayette Red Sox, but ffist 6 to 4. As camp draws nearer to an end, “thank goodness!” is heard on many lips.
THE WEIL DRESSED MAN will always advise you to have your cleaning work done at the Wfest Side Cleaners.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
DIAL 408J
DELIVERY SERVICE Northwestern at Vine
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER Lafayette, Ind. A PLACE FOR GOOD LIVING
Blue Blazer & Walnut Room Cafe Air Conditioned.
WATCH US RENEW A FOUNTAIN PEN POINT
JaI
$e« thli convincing fountain pan domonstration with an Esterbrook — tha most practical fountain pan over datigned. WoTI renew a fountain pan point before your eyes in ton tecondtl Gone are repair delays and Oxpenta. Sea tha exclutivo metal Duraerome —• that permits accurate grading of twelve point styles iiiaxpensivaly. While you watch, a damaged point will bo raplacod ' fnafonf/y with a perfect duplicate. Every par* son who wtitas should see and try this new popk'
PllOfl« 6477
518-520 Main St.
AU-Star PoU Layden Tops Notre Dame’s Elmer Layden rests in first place, with a 11,000 lead over Lynn Waldorf of Northwestern, his nearest rival, in the nationwide poll to determine the three coaches who will direct the efforts of the college all-star team against the Green Bay Packers at Soldiers’ Field in Chicago, September 1. The first ten coaches in this poll are: Elmer Layden, Notre Dame, 640,992; Lynn Waldorf, Northwestern, 629,898'; Gus Dorais, Detroit, 606,418; Bernie Moore, Louisiana State, 627,683; Jim Phelan, Washington, 320,433; Pete Vaughan, Wabash. 167,234; Bo McMillan, Indiana, 167,186; Jock Sutherland, Pittsburgh, 149,266; Bob Zupke, Illinois, 138,036; H. O. Crisler, Princeton, 137,388.
IN THE GOOD OLD SIJAfMER TIME
You can be Comfortable and look prim if you depend on Crown to look after your aummer clothes. Special equipment for pressing and finishing summer suits.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Finals Next Week Bring Summer Session To A Close Final examinations during the last three days of next week wil^l^ing to a close the 1937 Summer Session. Baccalaureate theses are / due at 4:30 o’clock Saturday afternoon, August 14, and the summer t^m officially ends at 6 p. m. on that day. / Starting at 7 o’clock next Thursday morning. Summer Session students will assemble in their regular classrooms to take the finals, unless otherwise directed by the instructor in charge. According to regulations issued by the Registrar’s office, no books or other materials (except pens or pencils) are to be taken to the examination room, unless previously specified by the instructor, / The schedule of final examinations ^s printed below. The key hour is the first regular session hour of the week, according to/^he schedule followed by the class during the Summer Session,
EXAMIJ^ATION PERIOD
August 12, 7 to 10 August 12, 11 to 2 August 12, 3 to 6 August 13, 7 to 10 August 13, 11 to 2 August 13, 3 to 6 August 14, 7 to 10 Ttugust 14,11 to 2
\ August 14, 3 to 6
KEY HOUR
I. Monday or Tuesday at 8 II. Monday or Tuesday at 6 III. Monday^r Tuesday at 11 ' IV. Monday or Tuesday at 9 V. Monday or Tuesday at 7 VI. Monday or Tuesday at 1 V/IL Munday or Tuesday at 10
VIII.
IX.
Monday or Tuesday at 2 Monday or Tuesday at
Prying Reporter Discovers Rare Collection In University Library
“Ki\ow Thyself.” This advice was offered more than 2,000 years ago by the Greek philosopher, Socrates. In this age of fast moving college life, we need only to supplement these words with “Know Thy University, Too” to make them applicable to every student of higher learning. How many of you Boilermakers know that your University Library owns one of only 200 copies of an Oxford Lectern Bible designed by Bruce Rogers? How many of you know that John Purdue’s settle peacefully and serenely rests in your library? As far as that goes how many of you even know what a settle is? Arranged In Paragraphs The Bible is a part of the Anna Rogers collection of books designed by Bruce Rogers ’90. The Bible, which IS the St. James version, is arranged in paragraphs, the verses being only inconspicously numbered. It is printed on English hand-made linen-rag paper in a special 22-point Centaur type designed by Rogers himself. For information concerning the cover of the Bible we went to Librarian L. W. Josselyn, who previously had shown the writer many of the interesting features of the Library. To the question “Of what is the cover made?” Josselyn said, “It is probably a fabricoid material. Leather decays unless oiled,” he added quickly. The Bible is now being exhibited in the display case in the main corridor of the LibraryGet Her Out Of Bed When asked about John Purdue’s furniture that is in the Purdue room, Mr. Josselyn suggested that we call Miss Blanche Miller, who has been connected with the Library for more Hian 30 years. We got her—aright out of bed. Miss Miller explained that the Purdue furniture now in the possession of the University includes John’s hat box, his chair, his fourlegged desk, and his settle. (The latter being a four-legged piece with a rounded back something like a love seat but somewhat longer.) Miss Miller said that she wasn’t sure when the University got the furniture, but that some of the pieces were donated to Rurdue while others were purchased from Mrs. Oscar Johnson, a daughter of the man who had been in business wjth John Purdue. After thanking Misel Miller and wishing her a pleasant
voyage (she left yesterday for Havana, Cuba), we returned once again to Mr. Josselyn. Major Was A Trustee From him we learned about the Charles Major desk and library, which is now in the possession of the University. Major, who probably is known best for his book “When Knighthood Was In Flower,” was a trustee of the University at one time. His library is in the reserve book room.
Th« thlnkinc fellow eolto A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Special Oecaalona ISe per pauenper any part of tha city 1023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Phi Delta Kappa presents IRITA RIO and her ALL GIRL ORCHESTRA Direct From Hollywood Singing and Dancing Star of Eddie Cantor’s picture— “Strike Me Pink”—Famed NBC Radio Network Orchestra LINCOLH LODGE SATURDAY, AUGUST 7 10:00 to 12:00 $1.65 per couple, tax paid
MARKS the SPOT:....
Where your advertisement should have been this weeke but we are using the spot to tell you thot^wideawake advertisers can get the best results in West Lalayette through the paper that every Purdue student and faculty member reads dcdly-—^
THE t ^ Purdue
" r ? A >