i
; ",
Welders To Assemble Here Today Four Speakers Will Address Delegates With registration in Michael Golden Shops at 9 this morning, the thirteenth annual conference on welding will begin a two-day session here under the direction of the departments of practical mefchanicB and engineering extensiorl. Kepresentatives of various companies will make brief statements concerning their exhibits and demonstrations in the opening meeting of the conference at 10 o’clock. Afternoon Program Heading the afternoon’s program are talks by three speakers, starting at 1:30. “The Physico-Chemical Basis of Welding Electrode Coatings” is the subject upon which J. C. Joublanc, chief metallurgist of the Hamischfeger Corporation, Milwaukee, Wis., will speak; P. W. Paine, Claud S. Gordon Company, Chicago, 111., radiologist, will dis cuss “X-Ray Technique for Inspecting Welds;” and Russell Pursel, of the National Cylinder Gas Company Chicago, 111., will talk on “Flame Hardening.” Gordon Speaks Tonfght In the evening sessions, after witnessing several exhibits and demonstrations at 7 o’clocl(;, the welders will hear a talk by J. D. Gordon at 7:30 on “Design and Fabrication of Welded Parts from Rolled Steel.” Gordon is general manager of the fabrication division of Taylor- Winfield Corporation, Detroit, Mich.
Personnel Notes
By Jim Davis
Representatives from the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company and General Electric Company are coming to Purdue next week. They will talk to seniors in the mechanical, chemical, and electrical engineering schools concerning their respective companies and employment after graduation. GE Interviews The staff from General Electric Company Avill spend Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday here. On Monday they will interview senior engineers whose names are now listed in the offices of their respective schools. , Tuesday and Wednesday mornings until 2:30 p. m. will be devoted to other interviews. Any senior ChE, ME, EE, interested in the company, its work, hnd employment with it may interview the representatives during these'^ours by applying at the main office of their school. Goodyear Here On Thursday and Friday, December 16 and 17, T. W. Prior of the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, Akron, O., will interview the chemical, electrical and mechanical engineering seniors foyemployment with his com^f^after graduation. X Employn^t is available in the production, research, > design, sales and commercial work, maintenance, construction, and cost ^ accounting departments. All graduates will be given a training course lasting from six to 14 months. The starting salary will be $126 per month. Seniors interested may sign up for an interview in the majn office of their school. Pamphlets pertaining to the company and its products are available in these offices and the Personnel office. GE Interview Skit Four General Electric men will talk to Ben Olsen, EE ’38, in the presentation of a model employment interview at 4 o’clock next Tuesday afternoon in room 129 of > the Electrical Engineering Building. In a.behind-the-scenes view of the hiring of college graduates, the GE representatives will discuss Olsen as they do any prospective employee after interviewing him. The interviewers are P. Y. Tumy,' Grand Rapids, Mich.; Mark Allen, Columbus, O.; George Mullen, of Schenectady, N. Y.; and C. C. Adams, Chicago, 111. All are Purdue 'graduates.
Purdue Exponent
VOL. 49
Lafayette, Indiana
THURSDAY
December 9,1937
No. 73
Senate To Conduct Two Line Voting In Elections Tuesday Balloting for the Junior Prom and Ga^ Week Committees will open at 8 d’clock next Tuesday morning in the main lobby of the Memorial Union Building and will run until 5 p. m., it was announced hy the Student Senate last night. ^ There will be two lines for voting —one for juniors and another for seniors. Ballots will be colored the same as passports of the class for which the ballots will be used. They will be made to facilitate casting a party vote or a split ticket, as there will be squares opposite both the party and the individuals thereih. Elections committee chairman Elliott stated that student passports must be presented when voting. Those juniors whose passports are in the hands of the athletic department should get their books before Tuesday. OV Man Winter To Keep Icy Grip On Middle-West By J. C. Woodson With a fleecy blanket of powdery snow covering the Hoosier countryside, weather reports received late last evening gave no signs of a letup in the near-zero cold wave that is sweeping eastward from the Rockies. And though the Fahrenheit is quite frigid enough here for most of us, the weather man at Casper, Wyo., yesterday blew the frost off his thermometer to discover the mercury 28 marks below the zero line. This is 33 degrees lower than our lowest, five above, reached early Wednesday morning. And, while icy gales have kept the average in the uncomfortable region of 15 to 20 above, official Government forecasts-haVe a pessimistic cast to them, none predicting a rise in temperature until tomorrow or even later. Meanwhile winter-sport enthusiasts pray nightly that this “perfect weather” will hold out until vacation. Alpha Zefa To Take In Nine Tomorrow
pledged Alpha Zeta men will be held in Ag Hall tomorow afternoon at 3:30. Following the initiation, a banquet for actives and alumni will be given in the reception room of the Union and Captain Beckley of the University ROTC will speak oh “Why Milita^ Training.” Alpha Zeta is a national agricultural scholastic honorary, entailing an organization of 42 chapters in as many states. Men to be initiated are: R. H. Chinn, Kokomo; W. D. Beck, Frankfort; W. Kurtz, Kokomo; L. T. Kurtz, Kokomo; Eric Swanson, Knox; D. W. Glover, Veedersburg; R. B. Davis, Seymour; H. H. Stonaker, Bedford; and L. S. Hardin, Knightstown. Extend Deadline On Southworth Contest Entries for the Southworth Script Contest, to determine the best radio drama, one act play, or skit submitted by student writers, will not need to be handed in until January 7,1938, as the original deadline has ■been cancelle^d. Judges will select the beat script, and the winner will have his name engraved on the Southworth Trophy. > Radio plays should be long enough for half-hour progams and the skits or plays should be 20 minutes in length. Manuscripts should be typed, double spaced on one side of the paper, and should be submitted at the PIIA office before the new deadline.
Wagnerian Singers
, HE^QC HOOm
raLDA KOKmMi
JOEL BERCUJND
Appear At Gym Tonight Representing five European nationalities, the Wagnerian Festival Singers will appear tonight in the third musical convocation of the school year. The convo will start at 8 o’clock in the Memorial Gymnasium. The group is celebrating the one-hundred-twenty-fifth anniversary of Richard Wagner, nineteenth century composer. Hilda koiietzni, Austrian soprano; Marta Krasova, Czech contralto ; Henk Noort, Dutch tenor; Joel Bergland, Swedish baritone; and Alexander Kipnis,
Russo-American basso, comprise the group. Noted Wagnerian conductor and composer, Richard Hageman, will direct the group. Karl Young, graduate of the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music will be the accompanist for the singers. Will Present Solos, Duets Arias from the operas of “Tannhauser,” “Lohengrin,” “Meistersinger,” and “Tales of Hoffman” will be included in their repertoire. The selections will consist of solos, duets, and numbers by the whole ensemble. The quintet has been associated with the Vienna State Opera, and selections on the program tonight will be drawn from the numbers they have presented there. Mozart, Offenbach, Weber, and Strauss are some of the composers, whose music will be presented by the group. Sigma Fhi Epsilon Init-iat'es Sigma Phi Epsilon, social fraternity, announces the iniitiation of the following men: William Yoeman, Chicago, 111.; Winfred Baker, Jasper; John Watson, of Balboa Heights, Canal Zone; and Frank Lewis, Louisville, Ky.; The pledging of Arthur Gray, Lafayette, was also announced.
Senate To Place Vacation Question In Students' Hands Does the University student body want a Thanksgiving vacation ? Do they want it badly enough that they would add a day and a half at the end of the school year ? The answer to these questions will be determined from student comments, it was voted in a Student Senate meeting yesterday afternoon. Comments on the plan of making the Friday and Saturday following Thanksgiving holidays by adding an equivalent amount of time onto the end of the year, may be made to any Student Senator or may be written and placed in the Exponent box at the main desk in the Union Building. " If the majority favor a vacation, the/ Senate will vote on plans at their next meeting and will recommend them to the University Executive Committee for the approval necessary before the vacation may be granted.
Landlady Warms Cold Rooms After Frigid Seniors ’ Blasts Of Profanity
By the Roving Reporter
“Is there any way to make a landlady keep a room warm?” A big senior engineer walked slowly and rather unsteadily into the Dean of Men’s office yesterday afternoon and addressed the lady at the desk with this question. “I just got out of the hospital last night from a case of tonsilitis, and the doctor told me to keep in a warm room for several days,” the senior said. “The temperature in my room today is just 60.” Cold All Fall “Has your room been cold all fall?” we asked as he came over and sat down beside us to wait his turn to see the dean. “It’s been pretty cold,” he answered. “In cold weather we’ve
just been studying with all our clothes on and have managed to keep warm.” “The only times we were able to get any heat,” he continued, “were when we’d get together in the bathroom, which is directly over the downstairs living room, and start cussing about the heating system. Then the landlady would keep the place warm for a couple of days.”
Move?
As |ie came out the dean’s office, we talked to him again. The best way out of the situation, it. seems, is to give the landfady the usual 30 days’ notice and then find another place to stay. In the meantime, the senior will probably become adept in the use of profanity. i
H. Personett Wins English 14 Contest; Cooper Is Second H. E. Personnett, sophomore mechanical engineering student speaking on “The Viaduct” was voted the vnnner of the English 14 speech contest which was held in Eliza Fowler Hall Tuesday evening. Personnett was one of the six speakers of the evening, and was judged best according to the 510 student rating charts, L. S. Winch of the speech department announced last night. Second place went to P. T. Cooper, who spoke on “Printing Presses,” and the third place winner was K. W. Kuebler, who talked on the “Prompt Payment of House Bills.” Other finalists in the contest, selected as the best from their respective classes, were R. L.^ Colby, C. L. Grannon, and W. D. Croft. Senators Say Stop Smoking On Steps All smoking on steps leading to University buildings must be stopped or action will be taken for the return of the old “no smoking” rule the Student Senate reported after yesterday’s meeting. The Electrical Engineering Building and the Physics Building steps are the places where most of the rule infringements have occured. Various campus organizations will take steps to stop all smoking on University building steps, and the Student Senate will recommend violators’ names to Pres. E. C. Elliott for action. Radio Club Will Use Omnigraph In Code Classes First meeting otf Radio Club’s Continental code class will be held tonight at 7 in room B of the Union. Not only are these classes an opportunity for beginners, but according to club presidtent W. E. Thompson, advanced “brass pounders” may also be able to improve their technique, since a new omni graph, or automatic code sender, has been purchased and will be use<J for instruction. Enrollment in the course has reached 30, and any others who would like to learn code, one of the first requisites for an amateur radio operator’s license, may sign up at the desk in the Union. Sfrafton Explains Co-ed Smoking Rule Dean Dorothy Stratton explained the new smoking regulations allowing women students to smoke in specific rest rooms at ^ meeting of the WSGA executive board in their office last nighjt. She emphasized the fact that the recent rule permitting co-eds to smoke in the Library, Physics and Education Buildings, and Univesity Hall would be in effect only for the remainder of the semester. Continuance of this privilege is dependent upon obedience of regulations. Delegates to the recent activity conference at DePauw University made suggestions for next year’s conference which will be held here. Betty Ann Stewart, WSGA president, appointed Mary Townsend, Georganna Huber, and Betty Jo Sexton as a committee to compile and present these suggestions to the board.
Exponent Board All elected officers of the Exponent ydll meet with the faculty advisers of the paper in the conference room of Agricultural Hall at 4:30 p, m, today —Manlon.
'38 Varsity Netters Rap Frosh 63-20 Gimlet And Reamers Amuse Crowd At Half By R. Tillson Hopes appeared bright last night for another championship Boilermaker net squad as the varsity, led by Anderson and Young, scored at will in this season’s basketball preview drubbing the freshmen €3-20 in the first game to be played in the new Fieldhouse. Lambert started a combination of five sophomores that battled on even terms with the freshmen, the half ending 19-13. Freshmen were substituted frequently with Weber and Bosse standing out in all departments of the game. Regulars In Sines, Young, Anderson, Dickinson, and Malaska made their appearance at the start of the second half and immediately began a scoring spree that netted 44 points as the bewildered freshmen managed to gamer 2 field goals and 3 free tosses. Gimlet-Reamer Classic Between halves the crowd was entertained by the annual GimletReamer basketball burlesque. The flashy squads appeared on the floor dressed in red pajamas, dresses, gunny sacks, swallow-tailed coats, and one. rebel in a basketball suit. All made a good showing during the game and proved that their time has not been wasted in their respective activities. The fast-mov-ing game ended with the score tied 14 all when the Reamers rushed off the floor to return with a ball of their own, and each team withdrew to opposite ends of the floor to shoot unmolested. ^ Debris To Continue Activity Lectures Speakers representing Dehris vrill continue the series off acti-vities’ lectures this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room F^of the Union. Frank Winter will speak on “Editorials,” Boyd Edwards will speak on “Business,” and Virginia Laramore will talk on “Women’s Editorials.” Members of the Student Union Activities Bureau invite all freshmen, or other students interested in this activity to attend the lecture. Lark-Horovib Will Display Equipment Dr. K. Lark-Horovitz, physics department head, has been invited by the American Association for the Advancement of Science to exhibit some of the new devices developed in the University physics department at the annual exhibition of the society in Indianapolis, December 27 to 30. The exhibit will contain X-Ray equipment designed by Dr. LarkHorovitz, Dr. E. P. Miller, and Dr. H. J. Yearian; electric acoustical developments by Dr. C. K. Stedman; and equipment for nuclear physics designed by Dr. Lark-Horovitz, R. E. Schreiber, and T. G. How. Ta Ta Tah^ Army Comes To Town , The army is coming—^ta-ta-tah. Next Tuesday and Wednesday Lafayette residents will be given the opportunity to get a glimpse of the persoimel and equipment of the United States Army when 9, recruiting detail of the 11th Infantry of Fort Benjamin Harrison will be sta- ' tioned at the Lafayette Armory on 9th street. “Physically qualified men of good character” who apply may be enlisted by ^e detail. A good guess for the professors about students permanently absent from classes after next Wednesday should be that they have joined the Army. Or maybe they have just gone heme early for Christmas vacation.r
$
THE PdBDUE EXPONENT
' , ( Thursday, December 9,1937
Football Subsidization... IS coming in foi its usual post-season discussions, as coaches and athletic directors get together in then annual confeiences to mull over mutual problems. Everybody talks about subsidization at these sessions, but rarely is anything done about it. Occasionally individual schools take the lead in trying to reform the present system of paying athletes Sometimes then action produces worthwhile results, causes similar steps to be taken at other schools, but more often it enjoys a short life The trend in subsidization at a number of colleges this fall leans towaid making any payments to athletes above the board—subsidization on an open basis The Southeastern Conference already announces that it gives financial aid to leading athletic stars, just recently a movement started at the University of South Caiolina, a member of the Southern Conference, to bring subsidization into the open there Action there followed an editorial in the weekly Gamecock, Caiolina student newspaper, which stated that football was a business, with players working long and hard and deseiving compensation for their efforts The Gamecock offeied no criticism of the present administration of athletics at the University but objected to the rules of the Southern Conference forcing schools to give aid to the players under the table Twin sister of South Carolina, the Univeisity of North Carolina is beginning a like campaign for open subsidization These drives will reach a climax this month, when the Southern Conference convenes to discuss, among other things, subsidization At Cornell Univeisity in the East, the athletic depaitment has adopted a new code which bans football subsidization and leciuitmg yet does not impose aibitiarv restrictions on scholarship oi financial aid to undergraduates Cornell Athletic Diiectoi James Lynah says with legald to his univeisity’s new rules “By requiring all candidates foi competition in any sport to disclose full information as to the amount and sources of financial aid, the whole matter is brought fully into the open It removes the motives for concealing of such aid on the part of students, and it dignifies the position of one leceiving such aid instead of demanding it ”
the Purdue Exponent
^secmted ——
Entered as second elau matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under thft act of Conarreas of March 3. 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by ptail f 8.60. nEPRasENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISlNO BV National AdvertfsingService, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHICAGO BOSTOH LOS ANOELtS SAH FRANC^ECO MAIN OFFICE 312 N Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana 'o Editorial Phone 6087 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, lAd Phone 4006, ask for Eixponent Office
Fditor-In-Chief
Bnsinesa Maaarer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
If
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor _ _ J E Brock Associate Editors _ . DA. Bail^, L. S Hardin, C D Schroeder, H I Stanback, D R Vance Editor s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J P Girard National Advertising Manager W J Gillilan Local Advertising Manager —R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager _ M C Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley Dorothea Justin
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF R. F Obenchaln _ J S Brown R L. McDonald,
B D Witwer
Editor Associate Editors
Editor _
Associate Editors
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-toivin-chief Night Editor—Hardin Issue Editor—Dorothea Justin Thursday December 9 1937
Indiana Farmers, Agents Convene Here To enlighten those present of the economic outlook of agriculture was the purpose of farmers and county agents of Northwestern Indiana convening at University Tuesday The meeting was the first of a series of meetings over Indiana for the welfare of the farmer, officials of the groups stated. “Although the outlook is not as favorable foi Indiana farmers for the early part of 1938 as it was for 1937,” the group concluded, “the present business slump is likely to be of comparatively short duration because basic factors are present which should result in a continuation of the lecovery movement over a longer period of years ” Ellington Called Jazz Aristocrat From Harlem Duke Ellington, whose playing at the famous Cotton Club in New York won him the title of “Harlem’s Aristocrat of Jazz”, will be featuied at the Mais Theatre on Satuiday, with his oichestia Made popular by ladio, Duke and his mjusicians have created a sensation 111 theatres and ballrooms from coast to coast, as well as in Europe They have been featured in a Zieg feld show, m several motion pictmes, and of comse, on phonograph records Duke and his boys have an in-
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licht^
‘^Your story, ‘How I Racked My Soul For a Million,’ is a wow! Here’s our check for $50 ”
Our ideal Freshman Handbook will be continued in tomorrow’s issue The Exponent business staff, somewhat ired because we left them out of our classification of activities yesterday, got busy and used all our space for advertising Don’t miss tomorrow’s issue Love and Kisses, The Editor Phi Kappa Sigma Initiates Phi Kappa Sigma social fraternity announces the initiation of C T Engeman, Rocky River, 0 , B M Bobbitt, Hamburg, N Y , R G Phillips, Lafayette, and H G Lank lord, Evanston, III They also announce the pledging of Paul Merckert, Fort Wayne, and Charles E Geise, Elmhurst, 111
LEARN TO DANCE ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS Wed., Dec. 8, 7:00 PrlM. ADULT TAP CLASSES Thurs., Dec. 9, 6:30 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Xi Sigma Pi, Forestry Club To Give Benefit Ball Xi Sigma Pi national foiestiy honoiary, and the Upiversity Forestiy Club will hold a benefit ball known as “Foresters’ Ball” Friday, January 7, in the Memozial Union ballioom from 9 until 12 o’clock The pioceeds of this dance will go to the Student Loan Fund Decorations for the ball will be chosen fiom an open contest in which the winnei will be awarded a ticket to the dance As yet the band has not been selected Tickets for the dance will be sold for one dollai
MAIN
All Seats 35c
TONITE — TOMORROW MIDNITE SHOWS ONLY
EXTRA: MLLE. CORRINE AND HER APPLE DANCE
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Johnson Shoe Skates all sizes. Skiis $ J.50 $^.50 Moore & Kemple Hardware Co.
»the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everythhag for « CoRege Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic BR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBRRT G. RISK DR LUTEBRA BISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1195/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Locksmith — “C” CARTER iet Kays — Locks — General Bepatrbur Knife and Scissor Grinding New L C N and Norton Door Checks Opra Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
— Shoe Repair —— BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Printing —
P
RINTING
SUDDEN SERVICE
^Office Sistioneiy Wedding Invitations
PHONE - Sales Books, Etc 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, hut we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
•Barbers-
, MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street Lafayette '‘THREE GOOD BARBERS"
—Taxi Service—The Thinkine Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions ?’>«» n^r nAHRonoer art oart of city 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
— Florist — Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flotvera Mam at 7th Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Moat cxclnuTc asaortmant of cor■BKCs available to Pardne Stnd^ta. 527 Main Phone 54S2 —- Confectionery —- Try Some oi Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Gldtz's Confectionery Mcdn and Sixth Sts.
Dine
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 St Undbergh Read '■ ■■nil III -—Auto Rental—— ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St.
stinctive feeling for jazz ihythms and broken tempos, and they have the reputation of doing the most inconceivable things to the most trivial of melodies They can play “sweet” and discreet jazz in the mannei of Mi Whiteman, then turn about and twist their music into weird and primitive strains, with all the barbaiic rhythm of the jungle Ellington’s unique ai angements have created a definite new style in dance melody, and his musicians
ARC
Today — Fri. — Sat.
RICHARD TALMADGE in “SPEED REPORTER’’ —also— “DICK TRACY’’ SERIAL
are masteis of the intricacies of hot' jazz and syncopation His distinctive brand of music is familiar to almost every radio owner
NOW SHOWING ENTIRE WEEK NEW SONaSl NEW TEPSINEWUUSHSi
LUMA Today — Fri. — Sat.
^ 'ST“* '■Th TTT®-. f ^ Tirsi-tiun mis;
A Paramswnl Pictwra with JOHN BARRYMORE LYNNE OVERMAN • CHARLES 6ICKF0RD>LOUISE C^PBELL —PLUS—
TODAY - FRIDAY Laughs, Love and Song-hifs!
EDWARD ARNOLD SHIRLEY ROSS JOHN TRENT
with
m DAVIS •WmiAMFRAWUY WiBRftnpS*ntANKCRAVIN
COMING SATURDAY:: ON OUR STAGE J'
5; DUKE ELLINGTON :: ^ ^ AND HIS ORCHESTRA - ‘t.>' Jr ‘ ^
IK
A
Tlburadoy* Deceiver B, 1937
tH6 ROBDOE EXPOMEMT
BASKETBALL —Today— COURT 1—Reinke, referee. 7:00—Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 7:16—Kappa Sigma vs. ATO. ‘8:26—Phi Kappa Tau v^. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 8:40—Acacia vs. Sigma Nu. COURT 2—Juillard, referee. 7:00—Ward 13C vs. Cary Hall 3. 7:16—Phi Kappa vs. Beta Theta \ . Pi. 8:26—SPK vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 8:40—SAE vs. Kappa/Delta Rho. COURT 3—Captain, referee. 7:00—Triangle vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 7:16—Sigma Pi vs. DU. 8:26 Delta Chi vs. TKE. 8:40-.-Lambda Chi vs. Phi Pi'Phi.
New York Celtiq To Play Peerless Team Friday One of* the best known basketball organizatiorts in hardwopd history, the original New York Celtics, will make their first appearance in Lafayette Friday night at 8:30 in a professional game against the local Peerless team. Davey Banks, Nat Hickey, and Dutch Dehnert; have been# headliners for the Celts for more than 10 years. Although the rest of the team is almost as well known, they are of more recent vintage. AGR Initiates Four Alpha Gamma Rho social fraternity announces the initiation of L. A. Johnson, Millington, 111.; D. Paarlberg, Crown Point; G. Stewart, Greensburg; and E. Nesius, Remington.
WITH TOUCH CONTROl This sensational improvement makes typing easier, smoother. Instwtly, visibly, it matches the key tendon to ^oor own individual finger pressure! wm FINOBt COMFORT KEYS Formed to fit the finger tips! Non^are, white letters on black, Aey minimize eyestrain. You type with confidence, comfortably, completely at ease —on a Royal Port^le! WITH MANY OTHER HELPFUL MACHINE'^ FEATURES! Every vrorthwhile imi>rovement is included. Made by the world’s largest company devoted exclusively to the manufactme of typewriters. Easiest to use! Fastest! Sturdiest! Three models ... three prices. Monthly terms.
FREE
Triple-purpose Carrying Casel Also, Royal's Instant Typing Chart!
518-520 Main St.
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
LOEB& ME NE COMPANY Ssicudj^ Srdm. Has all modern equipn^ient, with ten skilled beauticians and two hair cutters to serve you. I REASONABLE PRICES PREVAIL! Hcrir Cuts 40c Shampoo and finger Wove 50e PERMANENT WAVES $1.98 to $7.75 So^ iJt)edtah JUMd nxciuAWff/y Phone 7901
I^M Department Awards Points Phi Delta Theta and Kappa Sigma fraternities have been awarded 25 participation points each as a reward for their showings in the 'freshmen inter-fraternity crosscountry race that was held November 19. To receive any participation points a fraternity had to tdtal at least 60 points in'the race. Phi Delta Theta led in points with 72, Kappa Sigma amassed 71, and the next nearest competitor for participation points was Alpha Gamma Rho with 59.5. Union Will Discontinue Weekly Btjdge lessons Free weekly bridge lessons, which have been given in the game room of the Union, will be discontinued until next semester. Union officials said that Christmas recess, final exams, and the general rush which comes at the end of the semester prompted them to stop the lessons. These lessons will be resumed as soon after the start of the second semester as is convenient.
Golden Gloves Boxers To Meefin First Bouls At Fieldhouse Tomorrow Boilermaker boxers will battle in the first Golden Glove eliminations tomorrow. The first bout will start at 7 o’clock oh the main floor of the new Fieldhouse. The two top men in the eliminations will compete in the annual Golden Gloves tourney which the Lafayette Journal and Courier will sponsor in the Lafayette Armory. The winners in this competition will represent Lafayette at the finals in Chicago. Spectators for tomorrow bouts will be admitted on presentation of their passports. The following men have been named to box in the elimination tourney. They should report at the Fieldhouse this afternoon at 5 o’clock to be examined and weighed in. They are: Armenoff, Bowman, Case, Dilts, Errickson, Franklin, Giles, Gobel, Brab, Hardesty, Husing, Keffaher, Lafuse, Lidgudrd, Lyles, McCoy, Miller, Modesitt, Moran, Murphy, Mulholland, O’Connor, Rosenberg, Smith, Smithson, Sterns Wachs, ahd Wilkerson.
it
TOPS'^i'n Chiistmas Giving
7
1 .00 A Pair
Belle-Sharmeer OVER-THE-KNEE STOCKINGS in Her Leg Size!
This year give Belle-Sharmjeer^s new Over-The-ICttee Stockings ... the nicest news in Christmas stockings. Thcy’fe self-gartered but they come over her knees ... keeping her cozy as well as com-
fortable. Extra-special because they're made in Belle'Sharmew^i famous, perfea-fitting leg sizes for small, middling an^ talk Successfully Over-Tibe-Km on everybody! Heie exclusively. '
THIEME & WAGERIH CO. New Loco^on 622-626 Main St. ^
Squash Squad To Meet Indianapolis Athletic Cluh Here Saturday ' What promises to be the most powerful combination of squash raqueteers ever assembled at Purdue, will make its appearance on the squash courts this coming Saturday, when the Boilermakers encounter the Indianapolis Athletic Club at 3 o’clock. ' The University -will be represented by a combined faculty and student team while the Indianapolis Club will bring a squad of 10 men. The probable order of the Purdue team will be; Lucek, Linn, Clevett,' Allen, Sokolowski, Wakefield, LaBree, Jackson, Juve, Eberhard. Knoll, and Alexander. These matches, which will be open to the public, will continue until 5:30. Entomological Society To Hear Porter Tonight Dr. C. L. Porter, University plant pathology professor, will discuss “Relationship of' Insects to Plant Fungi” at the regular monthly meeting of the Thomas Say Entomological Society in room 103 of Agriculture Hall at 6:45 tonight. Porter will discuss insects as carriers and destroyers of fungi. The meeting, which is open to the public, will adjourn before opening time of tonight’s* convocation.
Indiana Teadiers Meet Pnidue Net Squad Saturday IndiaaiCC State Teachers college will provide the opposition for the Boilermaker basketball squad in their first official game of the season here Saturday night in the commodious new Fieldhouse. Speed is expected to be the theme of the Boilermaker attack this season, as the squad lacks the height ordinarily associated with basketball greatness. Nine Letter men Nine major lettermen and four minor letteijmen, plus a sprinkling of promising sophomores form the nucleus of the current combination. Another brilliant year is expected from the crafty Jewell Young, who last year set a new record for points scored in Big Ten competition. The splendid work which Jim Seward and Glen Downey did for the Boilermakers all last season will be missed this year, but others are rapidly rounding into form to take over their duties. Two Games Next Week Coming right on the heels of the Indiana State opener here Saturday night. Coach Ward Lambert’s quintet, which has won or shared in the Big Ten title nine times in the past 17 years, will tackle Clem Crowe’s strong Xavier combination on Monday night. The fast-breaking University of Detroit aggregation will be here Wednesday night.
Your Xmas Shopping at CARL'S I FOR MEN ONLY! s '
that are Sure to Please Her! tfc.. HOUSE slippers' $1.00,J2.45 •1 HOSIERY § A Gift That s Always welcome vww xq .(......w § ■ Copies of Much I KeTs $1.00-$1.95 _ ^ ARCH SHOES boxes ^ That Are Comparable to (PQ QC FREE Very Expensive Shoes - - - - I SHOES jSa All the Style Hits at the nSL ^ Lowest Prices in Town ™ tsit ^ $1.95 to $4.95 rrs CARL'S for GUTS '1^ ^
Everybody is Doing the BIG APPLE You will be a big prune if you don’t huy a WATCH from
Dick Bath 605 Main Street
: ‘ ,imilHHiWHWiiliHI
‘M!4
Sy-'
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Thursdlay. December 9.1^7
700 See Motion Pidure Of Golden Gate Bridge Approximately 700 viewed the movie showing some of the construction operations on the San Francisco Golden Gate Bridge given last night in the main lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. The movie, presented by the engineering societies collectively, was made by the Bethlehem Steel Company, which fabricated the steel work for the bridge. After a second showing for the overflow, Prof. C. A. Ellis of the civil engineering school, who designed the bridge, answered the questions of the audience.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. EbersholF, 606 Main street.
SKATES—Hollow ground while you wait. MULHAUPT’S, 209-11 North 5th Street. Phone 2828.
PHOTOGRAPHIC XMAS SPECIAL—Three 8x10 for $5.00 Void
after December 9th. Hinea’s.
LOST—Sapphire ring set in white gold. In Fowler Hall. Reward. Virginia Ruddell, WRH South.
HOODED JACKETS - MACKINAWS—All colors, low student price $8.75. Call A. S. Place 7935 or C. P. Sterns 5065.
FOR SALE—One tuxedo $15 (original cost $45) One “pile” coat, good cold weather coat, $12 (original cost $80). Both articles in good condition. Size to fit man 6 feet tall, 150 lbs. Call Baker during day at 41641. Leave name and phone number.
Notices No Noticoa Accepted After 8 p.]
Exponent Co-ed Staff: The co-eds will not put out a paper Thursday night, Decenmber 9. —M ANION..
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Regular monthly meeting in room 103 of Ag Hall December 9 at 6 :46 p. m. —FAVINGER.
Senior Mechanicals: Inspection trip reports must be made by December 16. For particulars see bulletin board in Mechanical Engineering Building. —YOUNG.
WAA Volleyball: Games played- this week: December 9—4:00, Chi Omega vs. Ward 4—small gym ;4 :d0. Alpha Chi vs. Pepsters —large gym ; 4 :30, Ward 3 vs. Streamliners —small gym; 4:30, Ward 1 vs. WRH North —large gym. —RODERICK.
Playshop: Important meeting in subbasement, for anyone, interested in publicity, December 9 at 4 p. m. —MULLER.
WAA Ping Pong: These games must be played and the scores posted by noon.
December 9. In the Gym—Thompson vs. M. Johnson; J. Campbell vs. Shaffer: Plank vs. Chandler : Davison vs, Raebig; Lockner vs. Cook; Whinery vs. Maier; Beaudry vs. Jenkins. At the Residence Hall—Shake vs. Ouiv and: Henry vs. Stephenson; Hugle vs. Schilling; Cocking vs. Schlitter. ' —BLANK.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting December 9 at 4 p. m. in YWCA office. —BRYANT.
Military Juniors: See cadet officers’ bulletin board regarding the date for haying your boot measurements taken. Please arrange to report on the scheduled date. —WHISTLER.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Meeting at Alpha Chi Rho December 9, at B :80 p. m. —WHITING. Student Bible Class: Meeting in room B of the Memorial Union Building from 7 until 8 p. m. December 9. Rev. Ainslie will discuss “Creation Versus Evolution.” All students are invited. —BURBRINK.
Gold Peppers: Short meeting at 5 o’clock December 9 in WSGA office. —SLOCUM. Camera Club—Prints from the Camera Club exhibit will be available in the Union office December 10, at 4 p. m. —SHOEMAKER. :
Union Sophomores: Our committees will meet in the Union office December 9 at 4 p. m. —TURNER, GARLAND, JACOBSON. Union Sophomores: Our committees will meet in the workshop at 4 p. m. December 9. ■ ; —HARPER, CROSSMAN.
Co-ed Swimmers: No open swim or Triton Club swim December 9, becaiMe of convocation. —SCHWEHN.
Rooming House Survey: Will the following men please report to the PIA office December 9 at 4 p. m.: M. D. Barrows, G. M. Bayles, D. R. Bentley, V. Bergdolt, C. Burton, G .R. Culp, V. Farrow, R. L. Henry, A. W. Kellogg, J. K. Norris, L. B. Saunders, J. M. Sheadel, and W. R. Smith. —BUCKLES.
Basketball Ushers: ’The following ushers and police for basketball meet at 4:1.5 p. m. Thursday, December 9, at Fieldhouse. R. E. Bailey, J. D. Baker, G. E. Bausman, M. Bell, J. E. Bosse, A. G. Botney, A. J. Bredewater, A. R. Bredewater, T. H. Breslin, H. W. Bremer, B. W. Brinkerhoff, L. G. Brock, R. D. Brough, R. W. Burrough, M. Bylene, E. D. Carr, H. T. Clark, K. B. Correll, G. Craig, J. J. Denzler, L. DeWitte, L. J: Diehl, W. J. Donnelly, R. P. Faris, J,
Seems like everYbody is Wearing Crown Cleaned Clothes at Purdue.
Victor Release
LOCH LOMOND CAMEL HOP Benny Goodman Orchestra • 25716 SUMMERTIME I’LL SEE YOU IN MY DREAMS Guy Lombardo • 25715 THIS NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE LET’S GIVE LOVE ANOTHER CHANCE Leo Reisman • 25718 LOWER HOUSE I’M IN DUTCH WITH THE DUCHESS Hal Kemp • 25719 WHO’S SORRY NOW? WHAT’S THE USE? Emelio Caceres Trio
Atcorif
McLean Music Co.
LArAYBTTB
Don't Hibernate virhen cold weather coznesl Face the winter comfortably and smartly in a GEISLER overcoat We are saying "Merry Christmas" to our customers by giving you a
20%
Discount On any Suit or Overcoat Sit down and figure whot a real saving this is—then act
500 MAIN ST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
P. Fitzgerald, D. R. Foster, G. iSf. Gale, A. V. Gaulke, F. W. GHHam, G. W. Heame, H. W. Heinrich. S. J. Heiss, J. B. Hennls, R. H. Herbert, P. R. Holden, R. L. Igney, A. S. Ippolito, Cecil Isbell, Cody Isbell, J. L. Jerrell, L. A. Johnson, A, M. Juska. A. W. Klika, A. P. Knapp, W. W. Knorr, H. G. Krause, J. F. Krause, J. M. Kurtz, W. D. Lahey, P. C. Leibreoht, R. N. Lemon,
D. R. Long, S. G. Luther, B. M. Mcllwain, F. T. Macklewicz, J. R, Maloney, C. B. Malysiak, R. B. Marozik, N. Meher, J .H. Miller, ,®. G. bllnney, A. B. Mornlngstar, J. R, Nesbitt, S. A. Noblet, P. J. Pauline, B. B. Petry, N. P. Poulos, D. F. Powell* D. W. Rankin, C. W, Raynor, C. H. Rechenback. B. D. Relsh, R. Reu Boiu, A. J. Schmidt, N. L. Simmons, F. A. Smithson,
C. J. Snyder, G. C. Spehn, N. R, Swmrts* A, N. Thom, J. L. Thompson, S. J.’tfcBBSby, H. F. Timperman, D. E. Travte. G. ftiedwell, T. A. 'lykochi, W. m Verga^ C. J. Verplank, R. J. Vyverberg, J. L. Wolktog, R. H. Wargo, H. E. Warner, F. J, L. Welsch, F. J. Winchell, J. M. mnefcell, F. G. Witsman, C. R. Ynge, J. K SSaalwury. —sANoras.
flowers for all Formal Occasions (^lahk, J'itrtaL ^o.
Phone 5432
527 Main Street
See Us for a Large Variety of Indirect Lamps SOUTHWORTH’S
E C K E R ’ S
We Carry a Complete Line of I.E.S. Lamps 518-520 Main Phone 6477
We Carry an I.E.S. Lamp for "Every Purpose H. G. (Deac) Reisner
The Thoughtfnt Christmas Gift Mn Stocking.. ^ BETTER SIGHT LAMPS
There^s a 3§odei for every Member of the Household . . Protect their Eyes
f When you make out your Christmas list, rememl^r that one of the most thoughtful gifts you can give is a Better Sight lamp. It will provide proper light and protect eyes from strain and powibly serious damage. It will add to the attractiveness of the home and can be used for years. There’s a model for every name on your list. Give table lamps to the youngsters and those who read a lot . . . a lounge model, for bridge fans and those who entertain . . . a floor lamp for the homfe where beauty of decoration and usefulness should be combined. Bring your shopping list to your dealer or our showroom and pick out the Better Sight kmps you want.
PUBLIC SBBVICB COMPANY OP INBIANA