V
k
Thia Newspcqper Is Published Ea<^ Morning i
Fabninor 10. 19^
By ctnd For Students of Purdue University
lE lUtCIvIG ' £iX|pO]iXGHl
VOL. 49 iXo. 10
Holm Dapce Group Continues Convo Series Tuesday
Hanya Holm and her dance group will be in Lafftyette Tuesday as a part of the current University convocation series. The program is schediiled to start at 0 o'clock in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium. The fitst part odf the jbrogtam vfill be based on some of the principles of movement such as tension and release, limbering, swiilg, rhythm, and elasticity. The second part deals with the dance problem, presented in etudes: the organization of movement through direction, floor patterns and dimensions, the significance of height and depth, and the emotional and architectural significance of space. ’ Prefer Ballets Miss Halm believes that although many people still prefer to cling to the traditional ballet because it is more comfortable, after they 'Jiave witnessed a modern dance concert, they find that the dance has been brought back to the people. Because it is based more closely on natural gestures, the spectator is given the feeling of watching what he himself is capable of performing. Students will be admitted as usual by passports; general sale of tickets at 75 cents each will begin tomorrow.
To
'Part Music Plays in Everyone's Lives'
“The Part that Music Plays in the Lives of Everyone” will the the subject of a lecture given by A. P. Stewart, director of University musical organizations, tomorrow night at 7:30 in the music room of the Union. This lecture, which will open the new music appreciation series, will be illustrated with selections by the University Concert Choir and selected recordings. The program will be equally divided between Stewart’s lecture and the vocal and recorded illustrations. Through<mt the semester on Thursday and ]^iday nights at 7:30 p. m. further lectures in the new appreciation series will be illustrated by recordings and/or outside artists. The new series has been planned to include almost every phase of music. University professors will predominate in the performing personnel on the following subjects: “Piano and Pianp Construction,” “Chamber Music,” “Opera,” “Music as An Avocation,” “Chopin,” “Band Music,” “Personalities in Music,” and “Hiring Musical Talent.” A talk on “The Symphony” will also be given by a member of the Indinnapolis Symphony Orchestra.
*Of Thee / Sing ’ Rehearsals Begin; Al Stewart Pleased
By A. W. Yates
“I think this was very, very fine for one of the first rehearsals. I am extremely well pleased.” Thus answered Al Stewart when questioned as to the success of the rehearsal held last night in the Union tower room. Almost a full cast of 37 Voices turned out for this chorus practice. This group of students, according to A. P. Stewart, is particularly adapted to work in “Of Thee I Sing.” Consequently the play promises to be well worth the while of anyone who decides to relax and enjoy themselves for an evening. To Use Gershwin’s Music The choral work in last night’s rehearsal predicts plenty of catchy music, and the soloists with their perfect timing and tone promise to produce many minutes of enjoy-
Camera Club Men Swap Tips About Indoor Pictures
Camera Club-men met last night to swap practical tips and techincal explanations designed to help amateur candid cameramen solve the mysteries of indoor night photography. The Club met in the peasant room of the Union at 7 p. m. for an informative bull-session preparatory to invading Powler Hall Sunday night, where the members plan to do some extensive “shooting” of the cast and stage props of Playshop’s “I’ll Marry the Actress” preview. Says Program Chairman j. C. Baker, “The session was an attempt to enable owners of nearly any stan-
dard camera to compete satisfac-
ment. A very fast story, including a beauty contest and many beautiful girls, accompanies the late Geo. Gershwin’s music that is incorporated in the play. The cast that has been selected to reproduce this all-campus musical revue contains many of Purdue’s well-known actors and actresses who will do much to pass on the humor of a good play to the public.
Sororities To End Rush On Saturday
Eight campus sororities entertained co-eds at dinners and buffet suppers last night in the mid-year ^ush, which will end at noon Saturday. Pedalion, the local sorority, will entertain rushees at dinner tonight and tomorrow night, concluding its activities with a valentine buffet dinner dance Saturday evening. The seven national organizations are not planning any more rush dinners, said the sorority rush chairmen, last night.
Ten Students Attend Chicago SAE Meeting
torily with owners of the more expensive high-speed instruments in taking indoor, night photos.” Entirely new in the history of the Camera Club, this session was the first of a series of events planned by club officials, which includes contests and a traveling exhibit.
Wesley Players Issue Call To Aspiring Adors
Young Mario Salvador To Give Organ Recital
Tonight at 8 o’clock, Mario Salvador, young Spanish-American organist, will play for Lafayette music lovers at the West Lafayette M. E. Church.
Senor Salvador, although just 20 years old, is a graduate of the Pontifical Institute of Music in Rome, and is being brought to the city by the choir of the West Lafayette E. Church and the Lafayette Choral Club. Tickets for the concert may be obtained from members of either of these two organizations for 50 cents.
Prof. Petty To Speak For Ohio Engineers' Meeting
Prof. Ben H. Petty, of the school of civil engineering, will go to Columbus, O. today to speak on “Highway Improvement in Indiana” at the annual meeting of the Ohio Society of Professional Engineers. Tomorrow he will inspect some of the state roads in Ohio, and Saturday he will attend a meeting of the inquiry commission, which ii investigating the Ohio state highway departmenbi
Tryouts for two plays, “We Reach for the Stars” and “Peter, the Rock,” to be given this spring by the Wesley Players, will be held today in the Wesley Foundation at 4 and 7 p. m. The combined plays offer parts for 16, and a large production staff, including properties, staging, makeup, and costuming, will also be chosen. “We Reach for the Stars” is a one act play being prepared for presentation at the Epworth Leagrue on March 6 and “Peter, the Rock” is a two-hour, three act production to be given on an extended tour in northeastern Indiana during spring vacation. >
Mechanics Department Will Show Wood Films
Two movie pictures, “Romance of Mahogany” and “Masterpieces in Mahogany,” have been obtained by the department of practical mechanics and will be shown in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops for the public. “Romance of Mahogany,” a threereel silent film lasting approximately 46 minutes and showing the difficulties in obtaining the wood, will be presented at 4 p. m. next Monday and Tuesday. The other film, “Masterpieces in Mahogany,” will be shown at 4 p, m. February 16 and 17. This movie lasts 30 minutes and shows some of the steps in making fine furniture.
Wesley Foundation To Sponsor Co-ed Bid Party Wesley Foundation is sponsoring its only co-ed bid party for the semester tomorrow at 8 p. m. in tbe form of an annual Valentine Party. Any girl who is interested in Foundation activities is invited by the Foundation to come and bring a partner for the evc^ning.
Accompanied by Prof. H. M. Jacklin and M. R. Clapp, of the mechanical engineering school, a group of senior and graduate students in automotive engineering attended a meeting of the Chicago section of the Society of Automotive Engineers at the Medinah Club, Tuesday evening. Dr. Gustav Egloff, research director for the Universal Oil Products Co., presented his paper on “New Sources for Motor Fuels” which was discussed by six other authorities on the subject.
Six Purdue Boxers Win In Golden Gloves
Bulletin Wilmer Hardesty, Paul Murphy, Charles Franklin, Gerald Dix, Steve Bacharach, and Paul Keffaber were the victorious members of the Purdue boxing team in the third round of the local Golden Glove tournament held last night in the Lafayette Armory. Ken Mulholland, fighting in the 135-pottnd class, was the lone milermaker to be defeated. ^ Hardesty, Dix, Bacharach and Keffaber all won by the knockout route. Three thousand fans witnessed last night’s fights.
Hungarian Dancer To Anoear Here
Charlotte de Hajek, young Hungarian lecturer, dancer, and stage director, will arrive at the University at noon tomorrow for a series of varied appearances about the campus. She is stopping here on an east to west tour of the United States during which she has lectured at several eastern colleges. Speaking on “The Theater, Yesterday and Today,” Miss de Hajek will present her first talk at an open meeting in the Home Economics auditorium at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. To Address Art Class Saturday morning she will address Prof. Laurentza Schantz-Han-sen’s 9 and 10 o’clock art classes on “Hungarian Peasant Art” in the same auditorium. After the 130 students in each class have been seated, the remaining 300 to 400 seats in the hall will be open to visitors. The Memorial Union is sponsoring a musical concert in the Union ballroom at 4 o’clock Sunday afternoon at which Miss de Hajek will play Hungarian music and perform folk dancing in the costumes of her native country.
Prom Date Tentatively Set For April 8 Or 22
Negotiations Under Way For One Of Nation's Best Swing Bands; Three Programs Considered
With the possibility of swinging to the music of one of the four of the nation’s leading swing bands, Junior Prom goers will have reason enough for making their dates early. Tentative dates are set for either April 8 or 22. Final announcement of the band selected should come within 30 days, according to a member of the Prom Committee. All of the minutes of the third
Prom Committee meeting were not released. However, the committee said that Prom permits will be issued before spring recess, further facilitating the process of getting desirable dates by giving eds and co-eds a chance to ask “that girl or boy friend” from home. Dance Programs At their meeting with Assistant Controller W. A. Bodden, the committee considered dance programs, subsequently narrowing these down to three general types. These will be sent back for final alterations, after which a final decision will be made.
Negotiations for a band are now under way, but all such transactions must be made through booking agents. At this date, only one of the four bands mentioned can be contracted. However, committeemen will constantly dicker for other bands.
Latshaw Wins Medal In "Double Tonnage" Contest Hoosier canners closed their 11th annual conference last night with a banquet in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Winners of the “Indiana Double Tonnage Club” and other contests were announced and medals awarded the winners.
Gilbert Latshaw, of Carlisle, Sullivan county, was awarded the gold medal in the “Double Tonnage” contest. Roscoe Hoover, of Plainville, Daviess county, was awarded the reserve championship. A five year friendly rivalry between Henry McDaniel, 78, and Charles Neeves, 76, both retired Boone county farmers, as to who was the best tomato grower, reached a climax when McDaniel was announced as the state champion and Neeves the reserve champion, of the “Indiana U. S. Wqn’ Club,” a University extension project for growing quality tomatoes.
Dr. Knight To Be OilM Speaker At Conference Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the University division of education and applied psychology, will be guest speaker Saturday at a conference of teachers in southwestern Michigan, to be hel(^ at Western State Teachers’ College,, Kalamazoo, Mich. His subject will be “The Teacher and the Curriculum.” On Feb. 23, Dr. Knight will address an all-college convopation nt Ball State Teachers’ College, Muncie. The convocation will be under the charge of 0aninif Theta chapter of Kappa Delta Pi, national educational honorary society.
WBAA Schedule Changed ' The weekly broadcasts over radio station WBAA by the retail division of the Chamber of Commerce, under the title “Behind the Scenes of Merchandising,” have been (Change from Friday to Thursday afternoon at 1 p. m.. The speaker is Miss Mary Wagner, secretary of the division.
Slate Water Works Men To Convene At University
Members of the Indiana Section of the American Water Works Association will convene at the University April 7 and 8 for their annual meeting. Discussion on the operation of small water plants, automatic equipment, water waste surveys, and air conditioning will be one of the main features of the program, according to John A. Bruhn of Indianapolis, present secretarytreasurer of the association.
Indiana Gas Committee Consults Staff Member
Twenty-eight men of the technical committee of the Indiana Gas Association, came to the University Monday to confer with Prof. J. Krappe, of the engineering experiment station, on technical problems and to discuss past and future work in gas engineering reseai’Ch here.
The ^committee was particularly concerned with gas distribution and utilization and is interested in the studying of gas appliance servicing, peak loads on distribution systems, and unaccounted-for gas.
Will Sponsor Aimual
Senior Marital Talks V^ill Begin Feb. 17, Sponsored By WSGA
Senior marital lectures, sponsored by WSGA, will begin February 17, according to an announcement by Dorothy Martenet, chairman of the lecture committee, last night at the WSGA executive board meeting. The first three lectures of the series will be open to both men and women senior students.
Betty Elstun, reported that a check-up on the observance of the women’s smoking regulations reveal that the rules are being followed in satisfactory manner. WSGA Meets February 17 Betty Ann Stewart, WSGA president, announced that the next mass meeting will be held at 7:30 o’clock next Thursday evening in Eliza Fowler Hall. A short skit, “The Trail of Peggy Fairfax,” depicting the plight of a senior non-activities gill, will be presented under the direction of Margaret Richey, Elizabeth Pyke, and Doris Gamble.
The annual Pan-Hellenic dance sponsored by seven Greek-letter sororities will be held Friday evening, February 26, in the Union ballroom, with Keith Beecher and his orchestra supplying the music. Beecher’s orchestra has played in Chicago at the Stevens Hotel, the Trianon, and the Aragon ballrooms. He has also broadcast over stations WENR, WMAQ, and the NBC networks. Judy Talbot will supply the vocals. '
The Pan-Hellenic dance, as in previous years, will be formal and open to sororities and members of national sororities which do not have chapters on the campus. Virginia Laramore, Chi Omega, is the chairman of the committee which is composed of Margaret Jones, Alpha Xi Delta, and Peggy Hamilton, Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Glider Club Members Attend Chicago Air Show
Five members of the Purdue Glider Club represented Purdue at the International Air Show an^ at a meeting, sponsored by the Chicagoland Soaring Society, for all glider clubs, last week. Plans lor smirtl m^ts aihdi a national soaring contest w^re discussed at the meeting. Afterwards^ the gdests Were acbtaitted to the International Amphitheafare where the main air show was being held, and their picture was taken in firom of the glider exhibit.
Those who represented Purdue were Webb Moore, Bob Buell, Fred Eade, Bill Logan, and Burt Morgan.
Dr. RemniBrs To Attend Committee Meeting Dr. H. H. Remmera of the division of education and applied psychology will go to Chicago Saturday to attend a meeting of a committee appoint^ by the NaUongd Society of College Teachers of Education to prepare a yearbook on College methods of teaching.
University Receives Reprints 6f Article Reprints of an article on “Reaction Mechanism for Nitrating Paraffin Hydrocarbons,” by Rush Fox McCleary and Ed. F. Degering, have been received at the University and are being distributed to those interested in this-field. The article, which appeared in^the January number of “Industrial and Engineering Chemistry,” is an afi' count of research work done in the University departmeiA of chendS' try on nitrating paralffin hydrocarbons, in conneethm with the util|«ating of these elements tb natural gas ordinarily escaping from oil wells.
The committees for May Day have been appointed as follows: general chairman, Jean Janousek; business, Mary Townsend; costumes, Betty Elstun; and publicity, Mary Jean Cooley.
Engineering, Science Students
The Union Oil Company of California is interested in employing chemical and mechanicad engineering seniors, science seniors, and graduate students. Employing 8,60(|| persons, this company does a business of about $80,Q00,000 a year on the west coast and in the Orient. L. G. Metcalf, manager of refineries, plans to visit Purdue iu March to discuss employment with those interested and qualified. Apn plicants may sign up in the main office of their school.
Mechanicals Representatives of Babcodt and Wilcox Company, NOW York City, manufacturers of watef tube steam boilers, Oxpeet, to visit the eouipus sotm to interview mechawical engipeerih# seniors interested in employment with Hielr company. Medmnicads desirhigan interview may sign up in Professor Young’s office and procure literature on the company.
Business Adminisfrathm Professor G. A. Smith of the Graduate School Bmdaess Administration, Harvard Uaiveroity, will be at Purdue on Thursday, February 17. He wishes to interview semiors interested in attending the Harvard Graduate School after graduation in June. Interviews with Professor Smith may be scheduled by calling tbe Personnel Office.
bdioxm 'WmAm
Forecast for Indiana; Cloudy and colder today. Tomorrow, much cloudier. Temperature: High, GO; low, 39; mean, 48.6.
''iS
WitTHE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Thursday. February 10. 1938
4
A
WeVe Been Wondering... . . . lately, Prom Committee, what you are doing in the line of making ariangements for the 1939 Junior Promenade Since your election December 14 we have heaid very little from you, and we, along with the rest of the campus, are anxiously awaiting announcements of the band and the date of the affair. So we quizzed you last night and found you just home from a meeting, the third since election.'^ Prom program selection was the job you undertook last night and we leain you have nairowed the choice of samples down to three possibilities. Of course what we aie leally most inteiested in is the orchestra You were elected two and one-half months early . . so you might have ample time for contacting and conti acting the best possible band Since we had heard nothing from you on that score we wondered if the early elections had been in vain . You told us, “No' The extra time gives the six committee members a chance to find out what their individual tasks will be, and get started on those tasks ” You told us you had to contract an oichestia through some booking agent . . . and that booking agents so far have offered nothing. When we pinned you down, you admitted you hoped to sign a conti act within a month You also mentioned four pi eminent bands as possibilities. ^ As to the date of the Prom, you have April 8 and April 22 as choices You stated that permits for tickets ivill be issued before Spring Vacation ... to give juniors and seniors a good chance to arrange dates at home In fact, you satisfied our curiosity on almost everypoint we were agreeably surprised.—H I, S
the Purdue Exponent
n B-n o B^r*t ©oSite
Entered m second elnsa matter at the post oiliee in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of OonicresB of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of poetaae provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60. nSPRESBNTED FOR NATIONAU ADVBRTISINO BY National AdvertisingService, Inc. College Publishers Representattve AZO Madison Ave New York N Y Chicaso - Boston Los Angeles San Francisco
Editor-In-Chief
BnsfncM linnsrer
R. P< Manien
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor .. — _ - ~ J. E. Brock Associate Editors DA. Bailey, L. S Hardin, C. D Schroeder, H I Stanback, D. R Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager— - —J P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R Hensler Circulation Manager - M. C, Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
_ Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF R P. Obenchain J S Brown, R L McDonald,
B D Witwer
Editor Associate Editors
Editor
Associate Editors^
MAIN OFFICE 312 N Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University AU opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the oifcial University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief Night Editor—Bailey Issue Editor—Houston Thursday, February 10, 1938
By Sally McKee We really don’t object to the iidiculous thing women put on their heads foi hats—we weai them ourselves—but we do imploie you women with high crowns, steep bums, or soaring feathers to remove these obstacles when you go to the movie, the theater, oi the lectuie When we become cioss-eyed it will be from watching Tyrone Powei thiough and around a feather A high crown oi steep brim, on the other hand, has the horrible effect of giving one the feeling that he has seen part of the picture twice and the rest of it not at all So please take off your hat, if your hail is not in good condition, be consoled it will probably be dark
WB A A Programs
—Today— 11 00—Morning Melodies. 11 15—PTA Council. 11 30—Charlotte Friend Stewart, soprano. 11*50—Purdue News Flashes 12 00—Rosalind McClanahan and Julia Henry. 12*15—The Town Crier 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—Alberta Schmadel, soprano. 1 00—Mary Wagner, Behind the Scenes of Merchandising
1 15—You and Your Health, Dr. S J. Miller. 1 30—The Monitor Views the News 1 45—Market and Weather Reports. 2 00—Geography in the News. 2 15—The World We Live In 2*30—You and Your Child 2 45—Treasure Chest, Gilbert Williams. 3.00—Community Chest. 3 15—Paul Worcester, tenor 3 30—Melody Time. 3*45—Interesting People in the News. 4 00—Melody Review. 4 15—Bob Hildebrandt, pianist 4 30—Heralds of Destiny. 4 45—^The Story Book Hour.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
We can’t expect the Gimlets even to be up to par today after that brawl last night . . . some of them probably won’t even be up at all. FLESH: What WRH co-ed by the name of Lou Thomas rode the hood of an auto from the Hall to the Village Sunday night’ . and what kind of a bet was she paying off’ Little Red Riding Hood, eh? CONTRIB: When a person accidently sits down on a sheet of sticky fly paper, what prominent movie actress does the situation suggest? .... and the answer: Sonya Heine ADD BLESSED EVENT Tim Welsch, Lambda Chi big shot, is rumoied to be the father of a new seven and one-half pound baby girl. What are those Long Island hillbillies going to do next’ WARM and DRY* Harriet Homec reports that the homfe economics department has discovered a little
ARC
TODAY—FRI.—SAT. 6UYSI 6ALSI GA6SI GUFFAWS GALOREI
rubber garment which will make baby holding safe for Purdue graduates . . . “Mama don’t ’low no baby soakin’ ’round yhere.” LAST LINE I’m taking one course over in order to raise my
grade in it. ^ . from that “D” I got last semester.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
rm TttaiE MEiauiTEERS
HBoAHiN' J.6AP
a Bifnauc picnist
—Also— “DICK TRACY” SERIAL —PLUS— “BETTY BOOP”CARTOON
CHTI STARTS TODAY 2 FIRST RUN FEATURES ON A TRIPLE HIT PROGRAM
A two fisted fun fest turns into a slap happy romance I
MARCH OF TIME ‘THE HUMAN HEART” “SALMON WAR” “GAMBLING FEVER”
LUMA
Today - Fri. - Sat. Double Feature
WHEN GAMBLERS MAKE THEIR KILLING.«« Charlie Chan gambles with death to trap the killerl
mu*<***
trip'®
And
loogn*’
wArner oland KEYE iUKE ' VIRGINIA FIELD SIDNEY BLAdCMER • HAROLD HUBER KAY LINAKER * ROBERT KENT PLUS—2ND FEATURE
NEW ANGLE ON LOV| ... and try to find fjunnf
CHANGi of HSARI
w«'o ring,
Gloria Stuart LYLE TALBOT
—with—
Michael Whalen JANE DAREWELL
For )eais Bell Telephone engineers have been making exhaustive studies of solar data from observatories all over the world. They’re learning how and why periodic sun spots affect radio telephony. And are applying their findings to give you still better trans-oceanic and ship-to-shore service. Good evidence that telephone engineers will go to great lengths to make your telephone service more dependable, far-reaching and valuable.f
\
Thu»dciy<- Februcoy lOf 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Running the first day of the interfratemity indoor track meet yesterday afternoon, amid the chaos created by the heterogenous combination of varsity .ti’ackmen, Greek athletes, track aspirants, spectators and tired officials, saw Lambda Chi Alpha coming away with the greater share of honors.
Rankin captured high point hon-
ors witH firsts in the 60 yard dash and the 60 yard high hurdles to put the Lambda Chis in front at the half way mark with 10 points. Following closely are Kappa Sigma with seven points and Alpha Chi Rho and Sigma Alpha Epsilon tied with six. points. Fast Time In Distance Run Tykocki won the broad jump for the SAE’s with a leap of 20 feet 11 inches, with an advantage of more than a foot over his nearest rival. In the shot put, the contestants were led by Weber, ATO representative, who nosed out big Bill Vergane, varsity football man. Walter captuied the half mile event for the Delta Tau Deltas. The man-killing two-mile race was won by Reeves, Phi Gamma Delta, closely followed by White, Phi Kappa Sigma, after a close duel, in the fast time of 10:48.
'B'Teams To Begin Basketball Tourney
With the ending of the class “A” basketball season, the class “B” teams are now preparing to get under way. Games in the tournament will be played by the double elimination method which allows a team to lose two games before being
dropped from competition.
A complete'list of players who participated in the class “A” games has been posted on the intramural bulletin board. All of these men are barred from class “B” competition. Twenty-five participation points will be given to each fraternity competing. In addition the winner will receive a trophy; however, no
medals will be awarded.
Frozen Food Lockers Plans will be presented for plant to process meats, berries, fruits and vegetables by quick freezing and storage in individual lockers at 2 meetings this week. Ladies meeting, 2:15 p. m., Thurs., Feb. 10 Ladies and Gentlemen meeting 2:15 p. m.. Sat., Feb, 12 Meetings to be held at College Inn Cafeteria Phone 2971 for information or to have representative call on you Rental blanks may be filled in at Purdusf State Bank
ant
rant
ower'6
Blended together in soft harmony create a picture to be remembered. When ordering flowers for the girl of your choice pick those which will just match her personality and dress.
Phone 795J
Lima Theatre Bldg.
Phone 7955
's ROIC Pistol Sdiedules 15 Intenollegiate Meets Purdue’s ROTC pistol team, which won all 14 of its regular matches last year, has already scheduled 16 meets with collegiate pistol teams for this season’s competition. Included on the year’s schedule are such teams as Cornell, Harvard, Ohio State, M. I. T., and Princeton. Plans have also been made to ,add three more matches to the schedule. The first meet will be held February 19, with Missouri University and Iowa State Agriculture College forming the opposition. The team’s outstanding competition is usually met in the Field Artillery ROTC Championship Match. Last year Purdue placed fourth in this match, being beaten only by Colorado, Oklahoma, and Florida. This year’s varsity team is headed by J. W. Greiner and is composed of 14 men. Of the 50 new recruits who tried out for the team, 21 have been selected to receive further training beginning tomoirow at 4 o’clock.
Atirads 300 Frosh Over 300 men have signed up so far foi- the military boxing tournament, the preliminaries of which will be run off next Tuesday. All contestants must report to the Armory at 4 o’clock, for the .first rounds in all weights. Selected cadet officers will referee the bouts. The winners will be entered in the semi-finals which will be'^held later in the semester. Athletic ofiicers are now being chosen. All juniors who would like to serve in this capacity must report to Lieutenant-Colonel Pickering before today noon.
fidder's choice
Roll quickly and smoothly to the Ball tomorrow night in a
DE LUXE CAB
30c Couple
Call 2151
Reg. 79c -89c—$1.00
2 THREADS 3 THREADS 4 THREADS SERVICE BLACK HEELS MESHES All Sixes
THIS SALE FOR 10 DAYS ONLY
5 /
2 Prs. $1.25
All Guaranteed Perfect Full Fashioned Wanted Colors
332 Main St.
Lafayette, Ind.
23-22, Winning Ward Baskelliall Tropin
By Dick Obenchain Perry Blaine, sports editor of the Daily mini, says in his story of the Purdue-Illinois gaipe Monday night that Purdue played into the hands of Illinois . . . We heard that one of the mini players, Nisbet, said in the shower room that all the IL, lini intended to do in the game, was hold the Boilermakers to as low a score as possible and he was entirely satisfied with the result, but we did not want to print hearsay which evidenced such an attitude .. . Doug Mills, Illinois coach, said that he was happy that “Purdue played into his hands and up his alley.” —^fc— We feel that it has always been a great pleasure playing with the mini whose athletic director, Wendell Wilson, described “a team long noted for the finest sportsmanship in the Big Ten” in a statement after the Purdue-Illinois game at Champaign earlier this year . . . We only wish that the rest of the teams in the Western Conference were as good sports and as interesting to watch and compete against as the mini.” r. . —fc— After the Illinois game at Champaign this season the Illini newspapers and students tried to alibi their actions during the game and immediately after, by blaming the incident upon the rough tactics of the Purdue team ... They even went so far as to suggest that Purdue be dropped from the Big Ten .. . We didn’t like this a little bit . . . But when ..a ..team ..deliberately ..quits playing ball, when a team enters a game not to win but to hold the score down, we burn up . . . How (Continued on page 4)
Purdue Grapplers To Meet Wheaton Here On Saturday Wheaton College’s wi’estlers will form the opposition for the Boilermaker grapplers whefi they meet the local squad in the Fieldhouse Saturday. The match is to be held on the Gym floor and will start at 2:30 p. m. The Wheaton team has' been acclaimed as collegiate champions of Illinois and defeated Purdue’s squad in its opener by a decisive margin of 28-6. The local squad, with the exception of the heavyweights, are in good physical condition and should make a better showing than they did in their previous meet with Wheaton.
Falling short in their last minute -rally by one point, Cary Hall 5 was defeated, 23-22, by Ward 6 in the finals of the Inter-Ward basketball championship tournament in the Fieldhouse gymnasium last night. The Ward 6 team was in the lead 10-4, at the half, but the Cary Hall netters proceeded to put on a scoring spurt and with five minutes left to play, Conklin scored a long shot for the Cary Hall team to tie the score at 16 all. Jessup, Ward 6 forward, then sank a field goal and a foul shot, and Klein and Jack^ traded field goals to give the Ward 6 team a 3-point margin with three minutes to go. A field goal by Risberg with only a minute left to play increased the Ward 6 lead to 23-18, but Conklin and Childres, Cary Hall netters, proceeded to sink shots in- the last seconds of play to cut the lead to a single point.
dlL THanUL J-wmi&hinqA. Are Priced for Quick (Di&pjoAoL For the rest of the week Supply your needs in shirts NOW
[Jaientiite —Give—
Martha Washington Candy
IN
Heart Shaped Boxes We pack for mailing; place orders early. The Vellinger Pharmaey 834 Main Street
i ^ a ^ (( u.- i I .C, I %_ >0?^'^ g
518-20 Main St.
DECKER’S *^5^?
‘GIFTS OF DISTINCTION’
FROSTED FOOD LOCKERS NOW READY SEE OUR OTHER AD IN THIS EDITION\:\ .'™
»? •■:
^fK'
' ✓'
THE i>oitDt)e Eia*0»iEtir
By Mary Jean Cooley
Nine out of every ten Indiana University co-eds favor abolition of mustaches, a recent survey showed. “A mustache makes the average college man look insignificant.” “They are pardonable on only a few faces.” ! “An ordinary man can’t wear a mustache gracefully. But some of the movie stars can.” A rebuttal was expected; it came. In 40 lines of old-fashioned poetry entitled ' “Whiskers ’Round His Smile,” B. Rutherford presented a simple tribute to “Mr. Brushes” of years ago, which was printed in the Indianapolis Sunday Star. Before lapsing into rhyme, however, he made a plea to be allowed to present his poem “before the last hair is plucked.” “Girls, hear me! As a poor, distracted male, I rise to offer my feeble protest. You have stolen our clothes, driven us out of our barber shops—and now you have decreed that our last remaining male characteristic must go the way of the do-do.”
Latest Victor Release 25763 The Big Dipper, Smoke from a Chimney by Tommy Dorsey. 25764 On the Sentimental Side, This Is My Nite to Dream by Guy Lombardo. 25761 Love Is Here to Stay, I Was Doing All Right, by Larry Clinton. 25762 Why Do Ham'ians Sing Aloha, My Window Faces the South by “Fats” Waller and his Rhythm.
McLEAN MUSIC CO.
YOU’RE SHIRT-SMART FOR KEEPS thanks to the COLLAR...
Fielder's Choice-
(Continued from page 3)
...OF THE NEW
VAIN HEUSEN COLLAR-ATTACHED SHIRTS.
YOU’RE MONEY AHEAD BUYING THESE FINE SHIRTS
at ^1-50 Regular $1.95 Sellers
Fancy Striped Nadrass Patterns, Sizes 14 to 17
LOCB & H C NC company
Wendell Wilson can justify “the team long noted for the best sportsmanship in the Big Ten,” we can’t see . . . —^fc— We’re damn glad that Purdue’s basketball competition for the rest of the year must take in the teams who haven’t long been noted for being the best sports in the Western' Conference, but those who will give us a real battle every time we face them . . . The teams who aren’t playing ball to keep from being defeated too badly, but to win the contest . . . And the teams who don’t try to alibi their defeats and their acts of bad sportsmanship . . . Personally we’ll take the teams who fall below the Illini in Wilson’s sportsmanship ratings.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph Work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST—Elgin watch in Union on Saturday 6 to 6 p. m. Initials E.D.N. Reward. Call E. D. Neal 7032.
WANTED—An inexpensive canoe, equipped with paddles. Call Swander, 5021.
LOST—Yellow gold class ring with initials R.W.L. Reward. Call 36151.
LOST—Sheaffer Life-time pen. Name C. Charles Thiel on it. Reward. Call 2958.
GROUND FLOOR ROOM—One or two boys. One-half block from campus, village. Call 4238.
ALLEN*: SCll®#L OF HANCINCa LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY'
ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS WEDNESDAY, FEB, 16, 7:30 P. M. NEW ADVANCED CLASS OPENS FRIDAY, FEB. 18, 7:30 P. M. CHILDREN’S BALLET AND TAP CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, FEB. 19th PHONE 2150
t
the Pursue Exponent
Service Directory
LOST—^Hamilton wrist watch in Union Saturday evening. Finder call 56304. Reward.
LOST—Lady’s blue coat at basketball game Saturday. Reward. Betty Soehner, 2461.
Hanawalt To Ledure L On X-Ray Applkatioos
“Practical Applications of X-Ray Diffraction” will be the subject of Dr. J. D. Hanawalt tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the lecture, room of the Physics Building. As director of X-ray research with the Dow Chemical Co., of Midland, Mich,, Hanawalt has had much experience in his field. His lecture will be illustrated with slides which will show how many of the complex problems encountered by his department have been solved by X-ray application.
RoticBS
M* Motioea ActtepMd After S p.at.
thutrlildlctyr Fehnutty tO, 19S8 ma
Shop Stndenta: All Jceya for clothes lockers In the south wash room in Michael Golden Shops assigned to students who do not have shbp assignments for the second seinester, must be' returned to the department AT ONCEl Keys not returned by February 12, will be paid for by students holding them. —TURNER.
WAA Ping Pong: 'lliese gamed to be played by noon February 10: Relmann vs. Randall; Swick vs. Mather; Cocking vs. Hollingsworth. —D^LAPLANE.
WSGA dolpli^^Cre Trainln# Hehool: Meetings will continue Monday, February 15, at 4:16 p. m. —STEWART.
Fraternity Pi^fdentp: All fFaterhities please bring enlarged pins or insignia to Union office before February 10 at 4:80 p. m. to be used as Interfratemity Ball decorations. —HARPER.
Fraternity Presidents; Please be prepared to turn in money for Inter-Fraternity Ball tickets February 10, if possible. —SADLER.
WAA Badminton j'* Call out with instructions for singles tournament February 11 at 4 p. m., —CAMBELL.
Purdue Flying Club: Important short meeting in room B of the Union Building, February 10 at 7 p. m. —SKINNER.
Triton Club: Important meeting at 7:30 p. 'm. February 10 at the Memorial Gymnasium pool. All members must be present. Open swim at 8:30 p. m. —WALKER.
WHISTLER.
Studenfo Bible Clasai: Meeting in rodtn B
of the Union February 10 from 7 to 8 xvm. The subject for discussion will be "How Jesus Christ Answered a Comipunist.” All students are cordially invited.
—BURBRINK.
WAA Basketball: Open practice February 10 at 4 p. m. The following- teams please be present: Kappa, Chi O, Ward 1, WRH North, Collegianna. —MORRIS.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting February 10 in Union ballroom. Election of officers and pledges. All prospective pledges must attend. —MOOR.
Pi Tau Sigma: Meeting February 10 at 7 :16 p. m. in room A of the Union. —COX.
Debris: Important sales meeting February 10 at 4 p. m. in tbe Debria office. —SIEBENTHAL.
WAA Tumbling: Cali Out meeting February 10 in small gym at 4 p. m. to decide a day for regular practice. —MORRIS.
YWCA Cabinet: There will be a meeting February 10 at 4 p. m. in the YWCA office. Important. —BRYANT.
Volleyball: Class teams will be chosen' February 10. Eligibility for class teams will be based on two intramural games or class practices. —SCHWEHN.
Basketball: Basketball practices will be held February 10 at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. Alpha Xi Delta, Alpha Chi Omega, WRH South, and Ward 3 will practice. —SpHWEHN.
Going to a Valentine Party?
The thing to do Send your suit to Crown today for
Refinishing.
N E
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Bookstores —
“DEAC' Everything: for a College Education H. 6. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
OB. PAUL A. BUSK DB. HABOLD J. BISK DB. BOBEBT G. MBK DB. LUTHEB A. BISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119'/i Vine West Lafayette
Phone 4965
Printing —
SUDDEN SERVICE
P-
■
(RINTING once SUIIeiiery. . Wedding Invltetioni
_ Sales Books, Ete.... PHONE _
2 6 S S CASSEL S dOtFERRY
Florist
Domer’s Flower Shop Qutility Flotvera Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Moat oxcImIvo aaMitmoat of eoraagcsi availablo to Pardm Btadeais. 527 Main Phone 5432
—— Locksmith —
“C”CARTER
for
Keys — Locks — General Repairing
Knife and Scisaor Grinding
New L.CJf. and Norton Door Chedu
Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
m sm WHO 6inrs ma mm
Confectionery
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Creom and Candy
IS&e so many other independent experts, Bill Whidey, Tdtacco Auctioneer of Henderson, N. C., smokes Luckies
Glcliz's Co2il®ciiox&ery Moon and Sixth Sts.
— Dine
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Undbergh Road
Auto Rental —
W ILUAM D. (BILL) WHITLEY sold OVer 15 million pounds of tobacco last year. It's easy to see that he’s an expert who knows tobacco.
ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR
Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N, 4th St.
Photography —
So it's important to you when he says:. .“At 14 different markets in Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee and Kentucky, I’ve seen Luckies buy the best tobacco. I figure it’s good tobacco that makes a good smoke. So my own cigarette is Lucky Strike!
“I’ve noticed, too, that independent buyers, not connected with any cigarette manufacturer, smoke Luckies more than any other brand.’’
Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
' Mr. Whitley is correct. For sworn records show that, among independent tobacco experts, Luckies have twice ^s many exclusivesmokers as have all other cigarettes put together. Remember: The men who know tobacco best smoke Luckies 2 to 1.
Jewelry
R.J.BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
aC.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop
in the VARSITY BOOT ^HOP
NAVI YOU HEARD "TMI CHANT Of THE TOBACCO AUCTIONEEII" ON THE RADIOT
When you do, romombor that tdAlog vyo tho flnott tobacco. And alto Jbat Iho "Toatiing” procotg rp movot coftain horth irritants found in g{} tobacco. So Luckiot aro kind to your throat.
4)
1
i