■' ’ m-M'r' '71' i, 1 (I II /, z I''„''■'■-i'lii f‘;,,, vVT ’p ( ... .' ' ‘ ' \ ^
i\. ‘,
-wu. y—^ yy
MERRY-GOROUND Says Railroaders Fail To Agree ^
• /
^Sst«bUshedl88t
V Bombs on Berlin!
EDITORIAL ASKS About Entertainment From Men Students
Volume 56, No. 101
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, January 13,1944
Corn And Livestock Farmers Receive Awards
Crop, Animal Raising Kings Win Titles At First Meetings Of Ag Conference Last night with due pomp and ceremony, the crop and livestock kings and champions of Indiana’s rural region were crowned at separate sessions held in connection with the annual Agricultural Conference at the University, which started yesterday and will continue through today. At a war-time banquet program of the Indiana Livestock
Breeders’ Association, the top Forum Series Will Feature Dr. Muzumdar
New Student War Council Outlines Proposed Functions
Hoosier Livestock award of the year, the Wilkey and Son trophy, was presented jointly to Jess Wood and his renter, F. W. Johnson, Bedford, Lawrence County. This award is presented annually to the best allaround Indiana livestock farmer of
Dr. Haridas T. Muzumdar will be the year. The Wood-Johnson partthe speaker at the first annual Open uership has accumulated many othForum series which is being spon- er awards for its livestock previous sored by the Wesley and Hillel Stu- to this convention. Web Crane and dent foundations. As his topifc for Sons, Martin Coontyv and William next Tuesday’s meeting Dr. Mu- E. McClure, Fayette county, were zpmdar has chosen “The Shape of runners-up for this aw^rd. Things to Come.” Connor Trophy To H. F. Caldwell As an authority on Asia Dr. Mu- fhe Connor trophy for the draft zumdar has spoken to many types stallion that sires the best colts of of audiences in this country as well the year went to Harry F. Caldwell as in England and India. His local for his Percheron stallion, “Sir lecture will be held at 8 p. m. on Laet”. The Quackenbush trophy, January 18 in the great hall of the sheep.breeder award, was presented Wesley Foundation. to two persons, who tied for the Biographer Of Ghandi honor, H. M. Millett and Son, PortDr. Muzumdar is a friend and ^ Shropshire ram, and biographer of Mahatami Ghandi, a ^ distinguished Hindu sociologist and Hampshire ram. Alfred Meyer, an authority on the Orient. He re- Greensburg, won the E. J. Barker ceived all his early training in the raising. The J. W. schools and colleges of India and Van Natta trophy, granted annually then came to this country for fur- to the owner of the beef bull, regardther training. In America he re- ^^°se gold medal ceived his A.B. and A.M. degrees show ring recfrom Northwestern University and Presented to h>s Ph.D. in sociology from the Uni- Murdock, Lafayette, on his versity of Wisconsin. Vagabond . His latest book, “The United Na- Kohlmeyer Elected President tions of the World; a Treatise on Kohlmeyer, Lafayette, was How to Win the Peace,” presents a e^^^^^ed president of the University’s point of view, say the critics, that -A-gricultural Alumni Association; is worthy of attention at the peace Glen W. Sample, West Lafayette,
vice president; F. C. Gaylord, Klondyke, secretary-treasurer; Claude Harper, West Lafayette, director for tw.o years; Marion Leeming, Ed Menefee and Morris McCarty, all of Tippecanoe County, directors for
three years.
The crop kings were not to be outdone as they held their smoker
table.
Movie Convo Starts Program At 4 Today Screen Review will begin at 4 instead of 3 p. m. today as previous-
ly scheduled because the Agricul- of the Indiana Corn Growers’ Assotural Conference has a session ciation to honor the different trophy scheduled at 3:30 p. m. and the winners. President E. C. Elliott of Music Hall cannot be cleared until the University spoke along with Dr. 4. As the convocation will be- George Scarseth, head of the Unif in late the whole program prob- versity Agronomy Department, and bly cannot be repeated a second Harry Haynes, retiring president of time. the Growers’ Association.
Today’s program will be made up 31,000 lit Prizes
of the following features: Gver $1,000 in trophies were pre-
sented to the award winners. Leo i-lO Hexing, Evansville, was selected Indiana Wheat King; Leonard Allen, Elwood, soybean champion; Robeit Osborn, Elnora, 5-acre corn champion; Loyd Kotterman, Macy, champion in the 6-acre contour corn contest; Maurice Lux, Shelbyville, corn gl24 king, and John Isley, Shelbyville,
corn prince.
4:37 4:37 4:46
Ozzie Nelson and Orchestra 4 p. m.
tlnusual Occupations Realm of Royalty The Lonesome House
News
Who’s Superstitious
Youth in Crisis
Ozzie Nelson and Orch Unusual Occupations
Realm of Royalty 6:34 The Lonesome House . 6:43 Last week’s movie convocation was well attended by both service men and civilian students, according to J. W. Ditamore, manager of the Music Hall, and weekly pro-
grams have been scheduled for the bating and international affairs are rest of Januaiy. If student enthu- urged to attend a meeting this aftsiasm continues at its present rate ernoon at 4 in room 301 of Univer-
Wing Cmd. Harries To Address Convo In Music Hall Friday Top ranking RAP fighter pilot for 1943, with 13 kills to his credit. Wing Commander Raymond H. Harries, DSO, DEC and two bars, will speak at a special convocation to be held in the Music Hall Friday, February 11, at 4 p. m., before students and faculty members, according to an announcement by President E. C. Elliott. Wing Cothmander Harries will speak under the auspices of W. H. Gallienne, British consul general at Chicago, and with the approval of Col. D. M. Beere, Lt. Comm. Kegley and Lt. Savage. Distinguished Record Harries’ record in the RAP has been a distinguished one. He left his medical studies to enlist in the ranks in 1938 and has, in four years, worked his way up until he now holds a rank equivalent to that of a lieutenant colonel. Wing Commander Harries has just arrived in this country via Canada and will be in Chicago the week of Pebuary 6 to 13. Arrangements between Consul General Gallienne and President Elliott made the proposed speech possible. Chinese Students (^lub To Sponsor Program Chinese Students’ Club is sponsoring three programs to be broadcast over WBAA, announced G. B. Wu, president of the club, today. On Thursday evenings at 7:16 two Chinese girls. May Li and May Sau, will discuss the topic, “Women’s Problems in China.” At 7 p. m. on Mondays through Fridays, May Sau will tell the story “The Adventures of the Monkey and the Monk.” This program is the only one of its kind in the United
States.
The third program, “Today’s China,” will be broadcast every Friday at 7:46 p. m. This is designed to give information about modem Chinese philosophy, culture, economy and politics. These three programs are results of the effoits of Chinese students in the University to bring about a better understanding between the United States and one of her most important allies.
Ex-officio members of the Student War Council of last year, functioning as a committee to reorganize the set-up of a new war council, have agreed upon some changes to be made in the new council to be formed soon. The council will have the following functions: 1. To alleviate difficulties that arise between students, faculty and administration because of the war. 2. To coordinate war effort activities of the campus. 3. To gain a representation of student opinions that are an outgrowth of the war condition. 4. To maintain good will among the-various groups composing the student body. According to reoiganization plans the Student War Council will operate undjpr five central committees on war effort, personnel, publicity. University administration relations and student relations. Since it has been felt that perhaps the former Student War Council was not representative enough of the campus student body, the new body will be composed of a representative number of students from the various campus residences, as Well as the campus organizations and activities. Represented groups will be: Activities Bureau, Alpha Lambda Delta, Alpha Zeta, AWS, Cosmopolitan'Club, Debris, Exponent, Fraternity Presidents’ Council, Kappa Delta Pi, Musical Organizations, Pan-Hellenic, PIA, Playshop, Purdue Engineer, SCA, Student Senate, Student Union, Town Girls Club, YWCA, WRH, Army, Navy, Marines and others. Organization heads will be contacted some time next week as to the procedure they should take to be represented on the new council. SDK Initiates U. B. Cummings U. B. Cummings, editor and publisher of the weekly Tell City News, was initiated here into Sigma Delta Chi, journalistic honorary fraternity, Tuesday afternoon, announced Ellis Muip^y, SDX president. Cummings, who is active hn Tell City community affairs, is also wellknown as a big-game hunter. He hunts moose and bears in British Columbia and northern Canada. Peter Sguros was also initiated at the same time. Movie Convo Movie convocation will be at 4 p. m. today instead of 3 p. m. as previously scheduled.
Student Senate Plans Two New Projects; Date Bureau, Survey Student Senate has announced plans for two new projects, the war effort information survey and a senate date bureau. The war effort survey will be distributed to all men on campus next Monday qr Tuesday, according to Bob Adler, committee chairman. Being made in cooperation with the War Council, it will provide vital information for senate files. The survey will inquire into the student’s activities and ask for other personal information, so that the student can aid the University’s contribution to the war effort. Another survey deals with the current problem of the service man’s vote. This questionnaire will be distributed to service men through their company or house leader’s, and to civilians living in organized or cooperative houses through their house presidents. Students who do not fall into either of thesp categories may obtain surveys at the west desk of the Union Building. The date bureau, also organized by Student Senate, will be conducted on entirely different principles from any previous committees of like purpose. Senate will arrange interviews with all interested persons and from this information a complete classification system will be set up. Only afternoon coke dates will be arranged to avoid the iisk of getting an uncongenial date for a week end function. Eds and coeds will be introduced in the Student Senate office by a member of the committee. They will then have an opporturiity to go to the Sweet Shop or to the dance m the grill. All students are urged to participate in this bureau in order to insure its Success. All information given for the personnel cards will be strictly confidential.
Indiana Farm, Home Safety Committee Takes Part In Agriculture Conference Hoosier livestock and corn men, busily engaged in annual meetings, shared the spotlight with the second annual meeting of the Indiana Farm and Home Safety Committee as the attendance at the agricultural conference at the University, which will last through today, reached around 2,000. Corn men discussed new crop varieties and methods of increasing production while six
WBAA Holds Callout For Announcers
WBAA will hold auditions for prospective sports announcers this
different beef breed associations were holding their business sessions. The day was also marked by the meetings of the Indiana Association of Draft Horse Breeders, sheep breeders, vegetable growers, Shropshire breeders, and county extension
agents.
Tuesday night at the annual din-
ner of the University Agricultural week, according to Gilbert D, WilAlumni Association, at which Dr. H^nis, WBAA program director. John Hannah, president of Michigan will be the only _ callout for State College, was the principal interested in this phase of speaker, six Hoosiers were awarded I’^dio work. “Certificates of Distinction” for Because of the present shortage their contributions to Indiana agri- sports announcers all men stu-
culture. These men were Thomas A, Coleman, of Rushville; Hobert B, Creighton, Warsaw; George N. Hoffer. West Lafayette, former Uni-
dents who would like to broadcast games and who think they might have ability in this type of activity are u;rged to sign u^p for auditions
versity staff member; Henry W. immediately.
Marshall, Lafayette; Charles C. Deam, Bluffton, and Herschel D.
Newsom, Columbus.
^Arthur W. Turner Speaks
Any person interested should contact Williams this week in the studio offices in the Hall of Music between 8 a. m. and 6 p. m. to make
‘a1s“o presented'^ 24“aTumni who arrangements for an individual au-
achieved outstanding livestock and * '
crops records during the past year were “Distinguished Purdue Agri-
cultural Certificates”.
Speaking before the farm and home safety program yesterday, Arthur W. Turner, of Chicago, president of the American Society of Agricultural Engineers, stressed the fact that the successful prevention of accidents on farms is essentially obeying rules and regulations and cultivating habits that make the worker a safety unit in himself. Lariy Brandon of Indianapolis, chairman, presided over the safety
session, while Dr. Irma Gene Nevms, Marion Knull,^ Betty Joyceirughes’, American Red Cross, Washington, wjirna Palmer, Barb Curry, Betty D. C., outlined a community home Murphy, Ruth Klausing, Evelyn safety program. Erickson, Ellen Orr, Madge Huff, Dr. H. J. Barre Featured Jane Grimmer, Cora Mae Mersback, Tuesday there was considerable Mary Dell Coit, Pat Stanton, Marie interest focused on the 16th annual Apostle, Mary Jane Anderson and
rui’al electrification conference
Army Officers Will Address Dietitians' Ratty Sixteen girls from the University are atending the Dietitians’ rally being held in Indianapolis today under the auspices of the Indiana State Dietetic Association and the United States Army. They are;
which featm’ed Dr. H. J. Barre, head of the agricultural engineering depaitment, and others as speakers. Dr. Bane stressed new improvements that are to come to the farms making improvements in use of la-
Net Game Shortens
Mixed Recreation storing food, and curing hay ing with some introductovir'rem^fe.
Martha Pabst.
Will Explain Duties
The purpose of the rally is to acquaint prospective dietitians with the life and the important dutie^ of an army dietetics officer. Miss Rosemary Lodde will opeq the meet-
Mixed recreation, sponsored weekly by WAA, will hold a shortened program tomorrow night from 9 to 10 p. m. Because of the basketball game, the evening’s games will get under way late and there will be no swimming. The other games, including biidge, ping pong, checkers and shuffleboard, will go on as usual.
and drying grain possible. The poultrymen heard a series of
discussions on turkeys on Tuesday from leading Hoosier growers. The beekeepers and the Soil Science Society of Indiana both had meetings at which definite problems were ein-
phasized.
Food Production Stressed
There will follow a greeting by Lt. Col. John Johns. Lt. Col. Gerald Teasley will give the main address of the meeting on “Army Hospital Organization.” Director of Army Dietitians Maj. Helen C. Bums will speak on the subject “The Army and the Dietitians”. Corp. Alfred Martin, a wounded veteran from
Speech Department To Form Debate Team Men students interested in de-
University Coeds Express Opinions On Age-Old Question Of Leap Year
Mixer To Feature Savoy Stomp Theme “Savoy Stomp” is the theme for
the convocations will become a permanent feature. Ditamore esti-
sity Hall. The meeting is for the purpose of organizing a debate
mated that one-third of the student team to compete in the Big Ten body attends screen review regu- round robin tournament to be held
lariy.
Movie convocations were discontinued during intrasession because the civilian student body was so
at Northwestern University on February 16 and 17. Subject for the debate tournament will be “The International Po-
small during that time and because lice Force.” movie convocations are financed by Prof. L. S. Winch and R. M. Horn the lecture and convocation fund of the speech department will be in which at that time did not include charge of the meeting and of the deservice men’s reci’eation fees, and bate squad,
was noticeably low because of small
student enrollment. Because of con- A ^ D G B^ard fusion and changing of University • • • . calendar, the convocations were not _ graduated from the Unibegun this semester until last week. versity in 1939, will leceive his
wings and commission in the Army air forces soon at the completion of his training at Pampa Army Air Field, Tex., the AAF training command announced recently. This is an advanced twin-engine flying schodl. Cadet Beard will then be assigned to duty as an instructor
or combat pilot.
Mudball
hey clarence
i’ll see to it that
roosevelt gets a fourth if he’ll see to it that
i get a fifth —MUDBALL
By Don Gold Three hundred fifty-three moie days to get a man! According to the census there are more women married than men. Here’s your chance, gals. With all the men on the campus it has been found that only 29 per cent of the girls are taking advantage of the new leap year situation. Why don’t you ? You may think these are startling facts, but your roving reporter has uncovered even more startling ones. Take, for example, question number one on the questionnaire for coeds. j “What are you as a coed doing in this leap year situation?” Betty Lou of the WRH states: “Tracking down any sailor man I can get my hands on.” U. S. S. Cary Hall beware! On the other hand Mary of Kappa Alpha Theta claims: “I haven’t had a chance to warm up as yet.” The Kappa Kappa Gammas, claim they don’t have to. Question number two asks: “Have
you become more aggressive _,since the New Year began?” Sixty-five per cent say definitely. Thirty per cent say no. Five per cent don’t know—fools. Man Chasing Woman Now that you are back in the proper state of mind we will go on to the third question: “Do the eds on campus expect more of you?” Carol Roblee of Delta Gamma answered with a wordy “no,” but her .sorority sister Margaret claims that men want her to chase them. Oh, those lucky fellows! Most of the answers were yes or no with an overwhelming majority stating that they had made no change. I suppose you think it is fun to question the coeds on the campus, but it often causes embarrassing situations. I asked one beautiful baby all these questions and after patiently answering “no” to each one she finally explained that she was married. I shoulci/know?
The last question, “Do you think you are cooperating pioperly with the leap year spirit, and if so, how ?” pioduced the best answers of all. Barbara of WRH answers in the affirmative with this curt statement. She is no longer using a passive offense, it is now an active one. Hope she meets me. “Wanted, a man,” Judy Steffy of Pi Beta Phi states, and I quote: “We are all doing our best but there doesn’t sfeem much to do it on.” I guess her preference is for marines and civilians. Some soldier ought to change her mind. Rapid Advances This answer, and I won’t state Irom whom, says: “Yes, and I am making for rapid advances for ’44.” She left me with the remark, “Take it any way you like.” Who is she advancing oy? Are there other ways of taking it? If you take it in a nice way, make an appointment with me and I’ll see if I can arrange for you to meet her.
Home food production and conser- Walter Reed Hospital, will recount vation was emphasized before home- jjjg battle experiences. The rally makers attending the home econom- .^vill close with an informal discim-
ics meetings. They discussed the use gjQjj period,
of soybeans for food and the prep-
aiation of dehydrated foods. The State Rural Youth Day, which
featiued addresses by Director H. J. Reed of the Agricultural Experiment Station, and Howard NcClusky of the University of Michigan,
was presided over by Her belt Fried- the Union mixer Saturday night,
lick of Fianlcfort, president. They closed their day with a dinner ses-
sion.
Discusses Dairy Cow Feeding Agronomists and dairymen, holding a joint meeting, were advised by J. H. Hilton, of the University dairy staff, that adequate feeding of dairy cows means more than just total quantity of feed. The Indiana R. O. P. Poultry Breeders’ Association devoted its mam attention to breeding problems. , The annual meeting of the Indiana Home Economics Association, the 54th annual meeting of the Indiana State Dairy Association, a meeting of the hybrid seed corn producers, and a session on current farm economic problems will highlight the closing progiain today.
Correction
. . . Lt. Commander Stratton was promoted to commander on Decem-
ber 29.
The orchestra will be Lowell Mead, with Patti Hilton as vocalist. There will be dancing in both ball rooms from 9 p. m. to 12 p. m., with the south ball room reserved for stags,
north for couples.
A backdrop was designed by Bob Arnold, ASTP, featuring two zootsuited figures bedecked in the latest
drape shapes.
Scholarships All applications for cash award scholarships for the com* ing term and applications for renewals of these scholarships for the coming term must be submitted to the Division of Educational Reference before January 31, 1944. The case award scholarships are as follows: The Batata of LaVerne Noyes Scholarships, Richard Wetherill Scholarshipi, Eleanore Moore Bennett Schohutship, Charles Hamlin Scholarships and Jesse Levering Cary
Scholarships.
H. H. REMMERS. director.I ^
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, Janudiy 13, 1944
Purdue Exponent combined With Purdue Independent
Offices. Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
Editor Business Mnnairer News Editor Managing Editor Sports Editors
Bills Morphy Mary Dilts William H Tyson Carolyn Wilbur Raymond J Smith, Russell M Eipes
Publicanon Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors Tacb Abbott Ruth M Ford Madelyn A Grotnes Janus T Kiel ird'on Margaret Y fateffea James Ackiiman branK Vcuh IhyUis Mann Martha Lee Riggs KntV Hon i „ v Associate Sports Editors Time 1 Ackciimn P lul Garber Wilham Gaibci Warr i <. Wright Ser-vice Staff Morns BotUr Cabiiel Flias I eo Friedman Jack Martire lay Nennan Jciry Koettmg Bob Baker
Business Staff Adrertising Manager C L Gaunt Assistant Advertising Mana..tr Betty Maney Circulation Manager R G Sauernian
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor Miner Day Editor Riggs City Editor Rav nes Issue Editor Richardson Sports Pditor Adkcrriian Reporters EKRMAN Dc 11 am Ledircr Aspergei Rippetoe Geoigesoii Geld lainie'on Giatra Brassit Mditm Garrett Martii Cl st Kuti cr Brotks riusbcig Staff Photographer W C Tolber
Entered as second class matteb at the post office in Lftfay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879 and at the shecial rite of postage provided for in Section 1103 act of Octol er J 191 authorized January 20, 1022 Published cn Tue lay T1 ursday and Saturday wobnulgs dur ing the year c\icit certain vacation periods Delivered daily by earner foi ’o for a semester by mail for $1 00 for a semester Sni scriptions may le obtained at the Exponent office or at t! i ' t Union Kepresertco vertising by National Advertising Service I v P iblishers Representatives 420 Madison Ave Isev a N Y
Hoi To ‘Fiasco'
In answei to any complaints, written oi \eibal, may we saj, concerning the word “fiasco” used in a lecent editorial about the Navy show, that the woid sounds to us as though it mean^ “jolly extiavaganxa, a rollicking, happy time, a bunch of horseplay”, and v\c assuie jou it was used with that connotation in mind (per Haitiampf’s vocabulaiics of 3 nonj ms, antonj-ms and leUtives) Howe\ei, Webstei has infoimed us differently , so w e w ag a finger of shame at those ol us w ho passed the word in ignorance The tone ot oLii comment was sincerely comphmentaiy without stooping to obvious, corny patting on the back We aie all grown up now, c nd y ou do not ha\ c to be told j ou’re good in quite th( same w ay that one would compliment a twehc yeai old Would that the editorial had been lead loi the message it leally (but perhaps*- too subtly) contained It never occui red to us that some would take offefise at a lew good-natiueU jabs, which Kiakfe-ior inti resting reading at least —m y s
^ mSIMTOH
. . ^ Tm u S p4» Oflw MEftRir-40-ROUND »y ^ Railroad Leader Whitney Pans Reluotant Brotherhoods; ALCOA Builds Flant On U. S. Punds
Piudue m the past cateied quite extensively to ti aditionb of manv varied types In view of the lecent activitv on the campus, we recall one which might be earned over onto the piesent time Annually the cle\er and more humoious i,ouls of the student body compounded an oiiginal stage pioduction known to manv oldtimei s as the’Umon Show, in which student, talent was utilized to the Nth degree Foi the most pait these pi eductions weie recen ed with much enthusiasm and have pi oven themselves \eiy successful Since the coeds began with then contribution of Coed Capeis the seivice men have been m the lace with fiist the Army’s “Khaki on the Kampus”, and \ eiy lecently the Navy presented then bit with “Scuttlebutt and Brine” In the three Music Hall extiavaganzas the seivice men ha\e been lepresented and only the fennnme side ot the civilian popiilus, and it seems onlv logical that the lemamder of the ciMiian student body should be next looked upon toi a bit of enteitainment Siuely the remaining civilians have enough hidden talent to give the thus fai successful presentations a real lun ioi then money After all, these shows are for the purpose of having a good time dining the few free houis we spend in watching them being presented and so far they have been w'ell worth eveiy minute of that time What diffeience does it make w'^hether or not you ai e m the audience taking in someone else’s fun oi on the stage giving the othei peison a good time through your talent and clevei wit ^ You are all out for the same geneial end, to be enteitamed Who know’’h, maybe the lemammg civilians have what it takes to out-do the already successful bell bottom boys, A&Ts or coeds What say you, men ot the woiid, rack your heads for the clever stuff, the kind that lays them in the aisles, the tiue coin, and let’s give itatiy It’s woith at least that And, ah, oh, yes, if any ot > ou have had your wandering minds stimulated enough to take a leal interest in a comeback of this sort, drap a line with youi ideas They mav be successful Who knows I c s
WASHINGTON—-A F Whitney, lailioad biotbei hood leadei who stuck out his neck and was the fiist to accept piesidential aibitration of the lailway wage dispute, has been getting it hot and heavy fiom the thiee biotheihoods which refused to arbjtiate But he came back at them the othei day with a poem which leads Thiee blind mice—heai how they talk' They all lefuse to aibitiate— They’ie gambling with then countiy’s fate— Though the houi is getting late Foi thiee blind mice This ihyme was sent by Raihoad Tiainman Whitney to all the secretaiies, vice piesidents and suboi dinate lodges ol his union with a confidential letter blasting the thiee hold out biotheihoods In the lettei Whitney levealed that 450,000 copies of “La boi,” the lailioad hi othei hOOd magazine, had been sent to the postoffice just befoie the Piesident of feied arbitiation “Thousands of these copies weie lecalled and de stiOyed,” Whitney wiote to his fellow trainmen “On the following dav they weie lepiinted without chang ing the Cl OSS on a ‘t’ oi the dot of an ‘i ’ This hasty action, of couise did not help the papei shoitage, and in all piobability will nevei be explained ” NOTE—Whitney didn’t mention it, but between 8000 and 10,000 copies of “Laboi” weie burned in a fulnace in the Laboi Building acioss fiom t)ie Gap itol Building ^ Whitney then went on to excoriate the thiee “non aihitiating” biotheihoods whom Laboi magazine had called “the Thiee Musketeeis ” “Weie they afraid to trust the Piesident?” he asked “Had they oveilooked the fact that the commandei in-chief could settle the dispute without then consent'' Ot IS it possible that they peie playing organisation politics in the hope that they may strengthen then numerical and financial condition"' “Oui expeiience is that organizations of laboi must have something to offer to attiact men to then ranks, and it would appeal that these unions had utteily failed, since their membei ships have been on the wane duimg the past 15 yeais ” Whitney put it right on the line in one of the most forthiight lettei s of Ameiican laboi history This and the name calling of the three non arbitiatmg brothers piotably means as serious a split among lailioad laboi as that between the AFL and CIO
independent inklings
‘We’ll all be eating food capsules m a few years. Mom, so why should I learn to cook Mfiybe I bettei study pharmacy ”
All Day 3 00 P M 7 00 PM 7 30 PM 8 00 PM
6 30P M 7 30 PM 8'00 PM
7 30 P M 9 00 PM
Thursday, January 13 Agiicultuial Confeience Memoiial Union Scieen Review Hall of Music AIEE Meeting Rm 103, Physics Building Navy Graduation .. Eliza Fowlei Hall Sdc of Piof Engineers Roorii 263, Union Friday, January 14 Alpha Zeta Speech Contest Assembly Rm , Ag Hall Basketball—Minnesota ” Fieldhouse Student Co op Dance Rooms 355 363, Union Saturday, January 15 Basketball—Minnesota Fieldhouse Dance South Ballioom, Union
-Figtitin^ Sailor Flank Knox, Secietaiy of the Navy, is a great talkei about efficient use of manpower But it looks as if he was an even gieatei believei in avoiding
public ciiticism
Foi months now he has stationed one of the Navy’s
Notices
Alpha Chi Rho There will be a meeting
. . ™ i , ot all membtra student and faculty in room astute officeis with nothing to do except keep eyes on 2St ot the Umon Friday Jan i4 at 6 3o
HOLMES
the highly critical Tiuman committee The officei IS Captain John Kennedy foimei ace Washington newsman and ownei of a chain of ladio stations Kennedy was once a stai Washington operatoi foi Heaist, won the Pugsley awaid for top Capitol news sleuthing, now owns two broadcasting chains in Ohio
and West Viigmia
Howevei the Navy keeps him occupied playing Thursday Jai
of the Union
Skull and Crescent An important meetins
will be held in room 3B5 of the Union at
30 p m oii,JSlednesday Jan 19 The pos
sibintiGS of pledging will be discussed It is imperative that each metnber attend since this meeting will determine whether the
Cotillion will be hold Be on time
- KLEIN
Fraternity President s Council Meeting
13 it pm in room 212
NEESF
Debris Staff
4pm
Meeting Fr day Jan 14 at
NEESE
Tau Beta Pi There will be a compulsory
meeting Wednesday Jan 1) at 15 p m in room 212 of the Union for the election of now members There will be a fine of fifty cents levied against oaeh member who IS absent without a written excuse fiom the
corresponding secretary oi mi self
EVANS
golf with Senatoi Feiguson of Michigan, a membei of the Tiuman committee, flying to Alaska with Sen atois Tiuman and Kilgoie, and lunning back and foith between the Navy and the Senate to paint a tavoiable side to Truman committee questions Kennedy, an able man does an A1 job But most people seem to think that Navy manpower was le Cl lilted to fight lathei than to cushion criticism Knox, howevei, iS an expeit at ciiticism cushion-
ing He also keeps the son of Congressman John chaice\OT“an g^rirehgibr<"for^d
Tolan of California doing odd jobs on Capitol Hill and advising the Navy about how to lub congiess men the right wav Tolan also is an A1 man but he thought he got into the Navy to fight, not sciatch
congiessmen’s backs
High Cost Aluminum
Of all the lobbies opeiating in Washington most effective aie those which operate from light inside the Cabinet oi the Demociatic National Committee
Placement Notes For Women New York University School of Retailing, New York City, N Y, announces the spring teim of then executive training progiam, which opens Febiuaiy 2 Applications must be m before January 15 This piepaies one foi executive careers in the retail field Opportunity foi store service is available for the second tei n It is possible to take a full time job in the fall and complete the requiiements in the eve ning for the degree of master of science in retailing Further in loimation may be obtained at Placement Seiwice foi Women, 2955
To most of us on the campus Caiy Club (remfembei ^) is non existent, but th^re are a few left who have a diffeierlt idea Anyone walking in on the fellows who woik at the Sofith-WeSt kitchen of the halls might ekpect to heai a Iwelir dis cussion going on—strictly Caiy Club of old Among those who have been lefniniscing (and that occupation fills most df then meetings) are Jack NeesOn, Don Henderer, Frank McGue aftd Hans Wormser Just recently Ensign Hon NielSon, back from Annapolis, joined the old ciowd for a chat But over WRH Way activity fills the atmospheie Little things these may seem, bdt to those who know they mean a lot Theie’s nothing lilce a long awaited letter fiom Sam my to make Velma Markham hap py, Ol a gold insignia biacelet to keep Fiitz Howes m the ail, oi a pm for HOleh KWne, oi even the V 12’s with the situation well in hand Congraulations Dept Wedding bells will soon be ring ing foi “Gumpy” Gullion and no fiouht but what she’ll make a mighty fine “wedding belle” her self Paidon me if we digress for a bit to add comment on the V 12 show It was leally swell—with special no tice to then oichestia Personally we’ll say it’s the best on the cam pus Of course, we of the Inklings have our own little cembo—the “Eleven Inkier s of Note” Quite and unusual little outfit—^foui ban jos and a harp for the rhythm sec tion We just completed a lun at the Palmer House—lan 6 blocks be foie the cops lost us WRH Latin Rhythm Getting back to the campus again, the residents of WRH aie getting a chance to do some ol that much admired ihumba, etc—m the South Ameiican way With Patsy Barnett acting as supeivisoi they’ve been learning the rhythms on Sun day afternoons with that do oi die attitude And summing up the situation at WRH we might add that the fel lows who work m the kitchen over m those hallowed halls are cal rymg on the traditions in great style Ev eiything is well in hand—and how Phyllis Looney (not from Dhvei House as pieviously stated—-apolo gies, etc ) seems to be falling foi another Dover fellow, namely Joe Banta What about the sWeetheaits they each left at home'' Well, a sweetheart in hand is bettei than four at home Who IS “Murphy''” Maybe Jane Blown of Shoemakei knows this handsome gent’s identity—so they say
Personnel Notes
Companies scfieduled to visit the campus: Geneial Electric Company, Schenectady, N Y —Jan 17 and 18 Intel ested ill ME, EE and MetE Sigii in Peisonnel Office by 3 p m Jan 16 Edn m L Wiegand Co, Pitts buigh—Jan 29 oi Feb 5 Inteiested in E E or M E Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, Jan 16 National Malleable and Steel Castings Co , Melrose Rffik and Chicago, 111 Itttei ested m Met E , Ch E , M fi and E E Date of visit to be announced Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, Jan 17
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they are interested in students for employment U S Industi lal Chemicals, Inc, New York, N Y —Interested m Chemists oi Ch E Sign in Peisonnel Office by Piiday, Jan 14 Standard Oil Company oi Indiana, Whiting, Ind—Interested in B S Ol M S m M E and V E If a sufficient numbei sign up, a lep lesentative may visit the campus Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, Jan 14 Lear Avia, Piqua, 0—Interested in ME and EE Sign m Personnel Office by Monday, Jan 17 If a sufficient numbei sign up, a lepleselitative may visit the campus
Classified Ads
Money to Loan—-On diamonds wntcl^cs* guns luggage typcwriterfa Alberta Loftn Office 407 Columbia
Typetrk’ifrers—Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired andpoichased Mlmeo graph woifc done C P Ebershoff 605 Majn Lafayette Phone 27"*9
Lost—Slide 1 uie and black note book Name on slide rule case Reward Call Pfe William Reekman 31 92
Lost—Man B cameo iing in wash lObm Purdue Union Tuesday Rewaid Phone 45904
Try An Exponent Classified!
SAT.
Notice
the last
class t ams
to get three practices since tournament is following week Practice on Tuesday Wed nisday and Thursday nights frim 6 30 to 8 30 ALI EN
YWCA C lb not meeting Thursdiy Jar 13 at 4 p m HAHNENSTFIN
All Students Starting Monday campus po lice will intensify their \ gilanco Civilians guilty ot walking on the grass will have their names taken The second time th^^ are c lught there will be i fine of $10 00 charged GROSS
Tobe Cobuin School loi Fasnion Caieeis 1 West 57th street. New Yoik 19, N Y announces thiee fashion fellowship awards Regis tiations must be mailed by Janu aiy 28 These awards aie available to 1944 graduates interested in training foi positions m the various fields of fashion Fuithei mfoima tion may be obtained at the Place ment Service 2955
Mr E E DeCartip of the West ein Electric Company, Chicago, t\ ill have a group meeting in room 108, Mechanical Engineering Building, at 4 p m Thursday, January 13 He will show a motie pertaining to company activities All intei ested junior and senior civilian students are in\ ited to at tend
mi A1 /-I e A , 1 Alpha Chi Rho There will be a meeting The Aiuminui'n Oompany of Ameiica seems to be of all member stu lent and faculty mi om
of the Uni n Fi 11 ly Tin 14 at ( hi
HOI MES
University Town Meeting Meeting to night at 4 at Wesley Fo i dation Pi fcssoi to sptak on Religion m Russia foi lowed by disc ssi n All re invited
BALSLEY
Debris Staff
Fiid ly it 1 in
Meeting Mon lay lan 1 n Debris olfie NEESE
War Council Reorganization Committee Mt*<ting today at 5 p m m Union oflfict
wool LING
SCA Don t foiget the Lounge Dance Fri
benefiting from such a lobby now For several years it has received kindly treatment from Uncle JeSse Jones Also it has had its chief Washington counsel able Oscar Ewing, sitting on the Democratic National Committee as vice chairman Anyway just last week Alcoa received another nice
favoi
Last bummei this column exposed the fact that Jesse Jones had given a secret contract to Alcoa to build an aluminum plant at Shipshaw m Canada,
which would not cost Alcoa a cent, but would be paid iioy night Januaiy it m roomb 356 and j 1 T.i-TTri J53 of the Union Come up after the ball ioz out of Riuminum piuchases by the U S govern- ^ame and jom the ciowd All membera and mrinl guests both couples and stags are urged
t) attend —ROSS
This column predicted that after building this giant 111 j A GEnGEl2 and DN 1 Condition
plont in CanRClu, Alcou would close down Ameiican make up examination will be held Salurd ly plants, throwing U S workmen out of employment, Cold^'n^ Shops ^'’Bnng 'completV^Mrawins
but would continue operating in Canada
Last week that was exactly what happened Four aluminum pot lines were closed down in Bur lington, N J and Queens, N Y with 20 more to be closed down soon U S plants sell the govern-
ment aluminum at 15 cents a pound, while we have !’''' without i written excuse
Irom the c i responding sccittaiy oi myBclf
been paying 21 cents loi Alcoa's Canadian aluminum Evans fiom Shipshaw This still continues Wesloy Foundation Gold Diggers paity
Dr. Kurt Schlesinger
expert on radio and television tor the Radio Corporation of Amei ica who has been doing research woil here on the University cam pus will speak tonight at a meet ing ot the AIEE m room 103 ot the Physics Building at 7 30 He will talk on the general subject of radio and television
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Mam
Lafayette
Phone 7917
TOD^Y - FRI.
' TODAYS YOUTH-BlFYWB ^ ALL DISCIPLINE IN A * MAD REItlN OF TERROR'
^e-f'eleased because tbeyVe TIMEL^I
tquipmc nt but no text b )ok Civilan stude nts make aiinngements with Rogistxai foi fee (lepobit OWl N Tail Beta Pi Iheie will be a compulsoiy meeting Wednebday J inuary 19 at 7 IT p m m room 212 of the Union for the election of new members Ihere will be a fine of fifty centH levied ag iinst each mem
Inside fact is that we aie now oveipioduced on Satuiday Jmuary uj at the
^ Wesley roundation at 8 p m Chaige of
ents All aic invited
Prof. Murphy To Address Universify Town Meeting
“Religion m Russia” has been se lected as the topic for discussion
aluminum by about 600,000,000 pounds per year Ship- twenty
shaw’b shipment to the United States in 1944 is sched ulod at just about this amoung—660,000,000 pounds Yet it is continuing, despite its higher price Officially the reason for continuing Shipshaw aluminum IS that the factory uses electricity, while east ein U S aluminum plants burn coal Howevei, there
may be a much more potent reason
Jesse Jones loaned Canadian Alcoa $68 000,000 and at tonight’s meeting of the Univei signed an unusual contract whereby Alcoa was not sity Town Meeting Prof Murphy obligated to pay the balance when the United States of the histoiy department will give stopped buying aluminum It we stopped buying the intioductoiy talk which will be aluminum todaj, the unpaid balance would be $34, followed by a discussion in which 000,000 anyone may participate So some officials suspect that Jesse doesn’t want The lecture and discussion will be hifa books to show a loss of $34,000 000 on a deal for held at Wesley Foundation at 5 45 which he was widely criticized p m. The meeting is open to every Meanwhile some officials fed the United States one. might save $14 000 000 in the end by continuing to produce cheaper aluminum m this country Try An Exponent Classified'
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
FIRST RUN WESTERN BOB LIVINGSTON AL ST JOHN
'RAIDERS OF RED GAP' — and —
WM BENDRIX JOE SAWYER
_ I. Xv CHUPTEIIS — plus LATESt PAtHE NtWS
THEY CALLED HIM d' YOU’LL CALL HIM
Soldi®**
with TOM NEAL EVELYN KEYES BRUCE BENNETt JOHR HUBBARD lEFF DONNELL
Orloinol Scretn Play by Horae* McCoy end ^rry Trivtrt * Uirictad by Alf^d E Gr*«n • Produetd by Sotauel Bichoff • A COLUMBIA PICTURE
STARTS TODAY
I fi
m^Thursday, January jf5, 1944
Pagers
T
'm Jp Face Gq| Dhers Tomorrow Night .i*-
Phiillis Stills Mans Fir M Show; Many Record Holders Invited
Be Held Here March 25 J?'""®*?" Green Team Here
Coach Herman Phillips’ creation, the Purdue Eelays, Will be held Maneh ^5 with schools fi’Oin all over the couhtty again pl-eseht. LasJt year the Relays'were inaugttrated afad “^ere n^ined a success by all the' schools which a'litended.' ,* ‘ The Purdue l^elays will cKma'X the indoor track season for all the school ih this vicinity. The last' rnajor meet bfefor^ the Relays is the Chicago" Relays ' ‘ i •• —'...—J,..
fliyeiers Meet Hfmi Matmen H0te Friday
(jrandstand Echoes
By Russ Lipes
Rivotor Grid Stars Retqin To Cainous After Trio To Coast
For Doubleheader
Coach Reeck’s wrestling squad, which opened its season victoriously last Saturday with a 21 to 11 vic-
By Alice Brassie
After starring in the East-West
March 18. Last year over seventeen colleges attended the meet. Mere are expected this year as' all of the Big Ten schools are expected to be jpresent along with the state’s high
schools.
The main revisioh in the meet this year will be the streamlined program. Some people complained of
Bowlers Introduce Hew Type Of'T' lirt
Down in fhe Union bowling alleys last night, where the ASME team was playing the men from Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical engineering honorary, a slight commotion was caused when the Pi TaU boys took
Minnesota No Pusl^over
Minnesota will be here this week end, and for two games. Sounds pretty simple, doesn’t it? We^i,
just don’t be fooled and think that benefit game Dick Barwegen and
tory over Northwestern, will make the Boilermakers are ^oing to coast Bob Plevo returned to the campus two home appearances this week through the Gorphers and win two Tuesday of last week, minus Boris end, going to the mat with Illinois in more basketball games. Not that Dimanchelf, who is laid up in a San a Big Ten dual engagement on Fri- the Boilermakers aren’t good Francisco hospital with a ruptured day afternoon at 4 o’clock and then enough, because they are improv- blood vessel in his thigh, meeting Wheaton College on Sat- ing with each practice, but the The boys were treated like kings urday afternoon at 3 o’clock. Gophers might spring a surprise -while they were out west. Each For Friday’s meet with the per- tougher team than peo- player from the east was presented enmally strong Illinois matmen saying. with a jacket and sweater inscribed
Coach Claude Reeck expects to
The Boilermakers’ chance of retaining at least a share of the Big Ten leadership will be at stake here this week ehd as the Riveter hardwood speedsters continue their home campaign against a dangerous Minnesota quintet on Friday and Saturday nights. The Gophers, impressive defensively despite a pair of opening losses to undefeated Iowa,
Northwestern, Wisconsin Prepare For Big Ten Tilts With Chicago, Michigan
are expected to provide by faT the most formidable conference opposition that the Boilermakers have met so far tbi.s season. The well-balanced Min-
the long drawn out four mile relay wearing the
last year, so this has been substituted for two one mile sprint medleys. Thei'e will be two divisions, college gp'd high School. The first man in each will run three laps; the next
usual T-shirts but the lettering on the shirts, ^instead of publicizing their organization, put a plug in for the abna mater. , They read “Civilian, Purdue Uni-
two men, one each; and the fourth ^ersity.” It appears that the shirts
had been ordered from one of the
local book stores.
Big Ten Scoring
King Mich. Patrick, 111.
and last will run five. The four mile event last year took twenty minutes, while these two new races will
be short and fast.
One hundred and twelve schools have been invited 'to attend the Relays. Most of these are colleges from
the Middle West, although some Danner, la. were Seht out as far as the coasts. Judson, 111. Sbme of these schools will enter full Kirk, 111. teams livhile others will just send Smith, Wis. their special event men. Horn, Pur. • Alte&dy two World record holdei’s Hoffman, Pur. are expected. Borlan, who was cap- Patterson, Wis. tain of the Southern California Wendlund, Wis. track teahi last year, has been trans- Ward, N. U. forked to Northwestern and thus Haag, Pur. will be present. He holds "the world Lodge, Pur. record in the outdoor one-quarter — «•.—i. .i.
ifiile. ord holders in the same event, quite
G
EG
FT
Pts
2
16
8
40
3
16
6
36
2
16
6
31
3
14
2
30
8
8
12
.28
3
12
3
27
2
11 .
4
26
2
10
5
25
3
11
3
25
3
11
2
24
2
12
0
24
2
11
1
23
1
8
6
22
stick to virtually the same alignment that conquered the Wildcats. Carl Liang, Chinese Student, is slated for the 121 pound assignment, with Sam Johnson at 128 pounds. Dan Netteshein, lone'holdover University major letterman, will work at either 136 or 146 pounds, with the other possibilities Bob Armstrong at 136 and Art Aerne at 145. Newt Copple, 155 pounds; Jack Shepard, 165 pounds; Joe Hersch, 176 pounds, and either Jira McMillen or Robert Humphreville,
nesota crew, bolstered by V-12
Northwestern University’s bas- candidates, held the Hawkeyes to 74
Although they have suffered two with “Alt East’’ and a watch for ketball team, which opened its Big j^oints m a pair of games last week
setbacks in conference competition Christmas. While in San Francisco Ten season last week with decisive end, and is expected to provide a seso far, it must be remembered that they visited radio stations, night victories over Michigan and Wis- vere test of the Boilermaker young-
' is already being hailed as sters
both of these losses were to Iowa, one of the top conference squads, and both were hard fought battles. Then, too, the Gophers are still smarting from that last-minute grid defeat suffered from the Boil-
ei makers last November.
One problem facing the Gophers, and one faced by all teams using men in the Navy, is that in regard to the Navy rule which forbids a trainee to remain away from his
clubs, were guests of honor at innumerable banquets, visited the Shriners’ Hospital, to which the funds from the game are donated, and even dated movie actresses. Dick had a date with blond, vivacious Marilyn Maxwell. Marilyn, who was formerly known as Maiwel Maxwell when she sang with Ted Weems, is now making her debut in pictures and is currently appear-
consin, IS already being hailed as sters who set the Big Ten scoring the outstanding Wildcat quintet pace in their opening triumphs over
since the championship teams of Indiana and Chicago. 19.11 and 1933. Same Starting Lineup Northwestern will go after its Coach Ward Lambert has indicat-
third straight conference victoiy ed that he will stand pat on the same and its fifth of the season when it staiting lineup that took the floor meets Chicago at the Evanston high agains Indiana, with Paul Friend, school gym Friday night. In addi- steady guard, as the lone veteran, tion to their two Big Ten triumphs a pair of freshmen, sharpshooting the Wilcats have vanquished Notre Dennis Hom and Paul Hoffman, Dame and Great Lakes this seaSon. demon ball hawk, are slated for the
day’s meet with Wheaton.
ing in “As Thousands Cheer.” Di-
heavyweights, will complete the en- station for more than 48 hours. This mancheff actually met and talked Their lone setback was a 47 to 45 forwards, with two holdovers from tries for the Illinois engagement, means that the Gophers must or- with Bette Davis. loss to Western Michigan in the -last year’s Boilermaker yearling In all probability Reeck will call on ganize essentially two squads, in However, the trip to the coast season’s opener. quintet. Bill Lodge and Charles a number of other prospects to rep- view of the large number of Navy -was not solely for pleasure, as the Six players have figured promi- Haag, scheduled for center, and resent the Boilermakers in Satur- men on the team, one for Friday main object was to bring together nently in the 117 points Noithwest- guard, respectively.
the best players from the east and ein scored in its first two confer- Although the,same combination is those from the west in the annual ence games. Lanky Johnny Ward, scheduled to start, the Boilermaker New Year’s Day benefit game which sophomore foi ward, leads the scor- mentor, in an effort to add some ended in a 13-13 tie. The players ing with 24 points. Another sopho- needed height to increase the effec-
practiced twice a day for three days in San .Erancisco and the same amount in Santa Clara until the day of the game. A practice v^as
Four Teams Survive Undefeated in Army Basketball League Onty four teams are still unde-
feated in the Army Basketball League. These surviving undefeated outfits are Batteries A4, B5,
night and one for Saturday night. This is necessary only when a team plays away from home on two successive nig'hts. A problem of the same typo will be facing the Boilermakers when they make their
lowa-Wisconsin trip.
more, Bernie Schadler, guaid, is tiveness of lebonnd control, has been next with 19. Captain Otto Gra- experimenting with Jack Kennedy,
%
(From Michigan will come Ufer, a lace is expected,
who paced the Wolverines last year. No definite word has been received Ufer, captain of the team last year, by Coach Phillips whether Cornelius is now a graduate student but he Warmerdam, the pole vault king, will still represent Michigan. He will be pi’esent. If Warmerdam is holds the record for the indoor quar- m the vicinity, that is, if he is still ter-mile. With these two world rec- stationed near here, he will attend.
Basketball and Wrestling
There will be plenty of activity also held in Ogden, Utah, en route around the Fieldhouse this coming to the coast to serve merely as a
C4 and G4. Battery A4 meets C4 week end, for not only are there limbering up task for the boys. Bar- respectively, on the last day of the schedule, Jan- two basketball games sclieduled but wegen thought that Dean Sensan- Wildcats Play Wolverines
ham, forward, and George Felt, center, each have 17 points, while guards Jerry Carle and Romrie Schuirracher have 14 and 13 points
John McPherson and Stephen Frazier at the forward spots this week, and will undoubtedly give the trio a chance to show their wares undeh fire. Another promising candidate who may see considerable action is
W
EAT A
GOOD BREAKFAST
1
EAT A WHOLESOME BREAKFAST AT THE
CAFETERIA
BEFORE GOING TO _ CLASSES ECONOMICAL DELICIOUS " nutritious
fijU/VCbjOL TJlmwuaL IAhuhl
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
uary 19, and G4 battles B5 on January 17, so there will be only two teams with perfect records remaining at the end of the season. Forty teams started the season but because some players didn’t show up the league was revamped into a 32teairr circuit. Chief Clevett announces that at the end of the schedule the top eight teams will play an elimination
also two wrestling matches. On bauger, the much talked about Friday the wrestling squad faces freshman from Ohio State, was the
Illinois and then on Saturday they oppose Wheaton College. The grapplers should be able to handle Illinois without too much trouble, but the Wheaton squad is liable to give them some strong competition.
mo?t outstanding back on the team.
Refusing to be downheaited over Chalmers Elliott, Mai me V-12 guard its defeat at the hands of Noith- from Bloomington, 111.
The basement of the Mineral Industries Building, University of
Mai Elwardf Former Riveter Coach, Gets New Assignment
western’s Wildcats, the University of Wisconsin’s basketball squad began making preparations last Monday for its crucial doubleheader this weekend with Michigan’s Wolverines.
Saturday night’s tilt with the Gophers will mark the midpoint of a schedule of five successive home conference encounters for the Boilermakers, who will be virtually a “road” team dining February. The
tournament. The winner of this West Virginia, is divided into entoiirney will be ci owned as 1943-44 tries which resemble a real coal
University army basketball champions.
Lakehurst, N. J.—Lt. Commander A. H. (Mai) Elward, former Boil-
The Badgers meet the Michigan Riveters will meet Michigan here the quintet on the Wisconsin fieldhouse following Friday and Saturday, Janfloor on both Friday and Saturday iiaiy 21 and 22.
nights. With two losses and one win so far in its Big Ten campaign,
mine. The mine replica is used for ermaker football coach, athletic di- the outcome of the two games will
practical insti action.
THE FOSTER SHOP
EAST SIDE SQUARE
Received Shipment of New Releasement in the RECORD SHOP
rector here for the last 17 months be a deciding factor in determinand coach of Lakehurst naval air ing Wisconsin’s fate in the conferstation football teams in 1942 and ence basketball race. 1943, will be transferred January The hard-fighting Badgeis lost 15 ‘to Jacksonville, Fla., where he their first game of the conference will receive a new assignment. cage race to Illinois but gained reLakehurst teams coached by El- venge by defeating the junior Whiz ward won six games, tied one and Kids last Friday night. Their seclost eight during his tenul-e. The ond loss came from Northwestern coaching job was difficult because Li the Chicago stadium Saturday blimp operational duties prevented night. most experienced men from practicing or playing. Studded with
former college stars, the 1942 eleven he coached college football at Car-
bioke even in nine games, but the 1943 squad had only three returning players and almost no experienced men and lost four of six games, including reserves to Penn
74-0 and Villinova 27-14.
Commander Elward played at end on Notre Dame teams from 1913 to 1916. He was a naval aviator and playing coach of teams at Hampton
loll College in Cleveland, Grinnell College at Grinnell, la., and was at Purdue forrt5 years before re-en-terning naval service. He is on leave of absence from Purdue as head coach and athletic director.
IM Schedules Ward and Fraternity Basketball Thursday, January 13 Court 1—7:20, Delta Tau Delta vs. Tau Epsilon Phi; 7:35, Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Nu; 8:30, Beta Sigma Psi vs. Triangle; 8:45, Phi Kappa Psi vs. Delta Upsilon. Court 2—7:20, Tau Sigma vs. Lambda Pi; 7:35, Acacia vs. Sigma Alpha Mu; 8:30, Chi-Alpha vs. Phi Sigma Theta; 8:45, Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Theta Pi. Court 3—7:20, Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Theta Xi; 7:35, Pi Kappa Phi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi; 8:30, Phi Delta vs. Tau Pi Phi; 8:45, Marstellar vs. Owen. Court 4—7:20, Chauncey vs. Luma; 7:35, International vs. Purdue Only; 8:30, Hot Shots vs. Circle Pines; 8:45, Marwood vs. War-
nock.
Baylor University will operate a campus ladio station this year. The station will be powered to reach only
Roads, Va., during the first world the dormitories, looming houses and the services now number more than war. Leaving the service in 1921 other buildings on the campus itself. 650. ''
Westmnster College alumni in
PLUS TAX
REG. $2 FULL'PINT SIZE1-$1 plus tax
• Helps keep skin romantically soft and smooth in spite of chapping ■winds and harsh weather. Use as a luxurious body rub ... a flattering powder base. Buy now — save half!
Plan to Attend:
UlsL&Jbuf,-9{UhL ( Hear Outstanding Speakers Discuss Topics of Current Interest
Jan. 18—Dr. Haridas Muziinidar, “The Shape of Things to Come”
Feh. 8—Dr. Harry A. Overstreet,
“Adjusting Our Lives for' the Peace to Come”
March 14—Dr. RoHo Walter Brown, “Do We Want What We’re Fighting For?”
April 11 — Dr. Walter Johnson, “Philosophers of American Democracy” April 25—Rahhi S. Felix Mendelsohn, “The Psychology of Jewish Humor”
May 17—Dean Charles R. Brown, “The Present Demand for Moral Courage”
Season Tickets $1.65 (taxincl.) SINGLE ADMISSION 55e WESLEY—8 P. M. —FOUNDATION
Ohtain.Tiekets at; Hillel Foundation, 116 Sheetz. Phone 2234 Wesley Foundation, 435 State. Phone 6976r
f i
{
. I
Sideline Shots
By Bob Bakei Beers and liis lapidly expandinji boxing piogiam aie anticipating y^h lehsh a few novel innovations Plans aie aS yet indefinite but Jim has contacted boxing lepiesentatives fioin DePauw, Wabash, and other nearby schools in hopes of piomoting a senes of matches to be held eithei between halves oi at the conclusion of Boileimakei home basketball games . If Jim’s ideas go thiough the fans aie in foi a jolly evening duet of bouncing balls and bouncing boxers Beeis figuies his squad IS fully capable of invading any college ring in this legion and backs up his figures by announcing that his boys, including his boxing stai and assistant coach, Neal Champagne, aie all set to invade the Univresity of Wisconsin domain in the neai futuie
Quartermaster Corps Develops Gasoline Student Senate Holds To Serve All-Year Combat Requirements Cover Design Contest
Thoughts, Opinions, Of New GIs Get Consideration At M'Pherson
Because me i aie leceived into induction centers en masse doesn’t mean that then opinions, lemaiks and ideas aien’t given consideia tion As a mattei of fact, in a station like Ft McPhei son Ga , thev’ie sought aftei Majoi Dallas B Hundley, commanding officei of the induction centei, has made it a practice to test the inductee’s reactions to the bewilder mg activity dealing with Ins entry into the aimed forces As reported by the Hammei Field Bomb Bay, the major has pie pared a list of questions to be asked inductees who are picked at ran dom, the puipose of the question naire is to derive an indication of jifet how smoothly things aie going m the unit Wfen Asked Questions Among othei things men aie agked whether they have observed any mistreatment of new men in volving physical violence coarse agd abusive language or exposure to elements or to other hardship due to carelessness or thoughtlessness The new men are also asked if they have observed any instance ot
inductees being requested to turn over gasoline or food ration stamps or any othei kind of article in return for favors, or whether any per sons (aside fiom PX personnel or newsboys) m the camp have sold any article or commodity to new men or whether any new man was unable to secure three meals a day for any reason other than his own negligence „ More Quizzing The inductee is also asked to state his opinion of the food, of the behavior of any soldiers dealing with the new men and any ideas or suggestions he feels might be of value Replies have been uniformly fa voiable Many of the new men have made minor suggestions, but hard ly any made serious complaints or ciiticisms Typical comments describe the pel sonnel of the station as courteous ind coopeiative praise the food and state that unpleasant matters were almost invaiiably the fault of the newcomei’s own negligence
An all-weather, all purpose gasoline, designed to meet year round combat requirements of the Army ground forces for all vehicles from tanks to jeeps has been developed by the Quartermaster General’s section, according to the Keeslei Field News Tests have been conducted under all kinds of physical conditions and in weather ranging from blazing heat to bitter cold The fuel, standardized to 80 octane, took three years to develop, and will be used essentially -as a combat fuel, although it will also be used in some phases of training, since combat vehicles have motors built for it For normal post uses, however, the same gasoline available to civilians will continue in
the
leation officei, according to Camp Haan Iracei It will be his mission to incicabe the effectiveness of officer and en listed personnel through physical training programs, athletics, recreation and welfare activrties
Insures Efficiency Specifications for the new fuel insure maximum operational efficiency in temperatures ranging from zero to extreme heat, thereby eliminating necessity of differentiating between summer and winter grades Vapor lock is done away with at high atmospheric tempera +uies and quick starting, with short warm up periods, is provided at low temper atur es The new gasoline can be used effectively in combat under near ly all possible climatic conditions has a high enough octane rating to opei ate all types of army vehicles ef fectively in combat, but not too high to interfeie with leasy procurement, and will not gum under long storage sometimes required ■’'oi building up reserves
NEW PL\NES The first large size airplane of stainless steel construction ever put into production is now undergoing Navy tests, the Pensacola NAS Gospoit reports Built under Navy contract by the Edward B Budd Manufacturing Co of Philadelphia, Pa , it is a twin engine cargo carrier of unusual construction Expect for plywood doors and interior decks it is built entirely of stainless steel
Having complied a new Student Handbook, Student Senate is now conducting a contest for students to design the most attractive and appropriate cover The contest is under the direction of Bob King and Tom Spetter, co chair men o:^ the handbook committee
words “Purdue News” at the top and in a smaller size, “The University Handbook” (3) The design shall be such that it is suitable fbi reproduction m ink on tracing cloth (4) Eligibility IS confined to students of the University, including service men stationed on the campus (5) The pencil sketches must be submitted to the senate office in the Union Building not later than February 4, 1944, for judging
Cash Prizes The winner will receive a prize of $10 and, with the help of the office of the University editor, will prepare a final ink drawing of the handbook cover He will also receive a byline in the handbook irr recognition of his efforts This book, known as the “Freshman Bible,” must last for the duration. Civilians and service men both will receive copies of the booklet
Rules of the contest are as follows (1) T'he design shall be submitted in the size of the cover, 4$^ inches by 6 inches (2) Incorporated in the design shall be the
Riding High
By FRANNY WILLIAMS
All-Americans Take Basic At Parris Island
CHANGES MADE TO’b of regiments and equivalent organizations have been changed to include a special service officei with the designation of athletic and lec
If the Parris Island marine base had a football team today and if they could find some one to play them they would be a tough squad to beat At present some of the na tion’s top grid material is stationed thei e Here is the line up Ends, Tom my Davies Duk^ and Ralph Heywood, use, tackles Mike Micka, Colgate and Pat Preston, Duke, guards Alex Agase Purdue, and Bert Giaiielli, College of Pacific, centei Elmer Jones Fianklrn and Marshall, backs Tony Bntkovieh of Purdue Angelo Bertelli of Notre Dame John Podesto of College of Pacific and Mickey MtCardle of use Practically every one of these men made an all American team
a musical, has been announced as the service feature at the Music Hall for this Friday Military personnel with social recreation memberships may attend Wives of such members may also attend A new reel and shorts complete the program
Prof. G. f. Buxton
■— Imagine, me, scouting the shops ‘for you fellas, but I did I went in to Roger’s and saw some leal snazzy ^ spoit clothes They have sport type jackets with solid ') coloi fionts and contiasting tweed plaid back, sleeves, and collai They aie all wool, celanese lined, and co«t $12 50. And you can find slacks to haimonize in all wools', gahaidines, bedford cords, and doverts in solid colors They are $10 00 aijd up Don’t forget, many of yoiii other needs can be taken care of at Roger s
of the engineering extension department is conducting a course in foremanship at the Chrysler ord nance plant in Evansville Buxton has conducted other courses similar to this at other plants in the Enavsville area and in cities and towns in other sections of the state
At Thieme and Wangerin I came across some cute little two piece button jacket wash suits You can get them in seersuckers, spun rayons, and ginghams— pi iced fiom $3 98-$5 95 in all sizes If youi old ironing board cover has woin out, iiish down to Thieme and Wangerin foi a new one They are better qualities— pad and cover for $1 69, oi if you want a heavier one— it will cost $2 38
Phi Sigma Kappa
Try An Exponent Classified’
social fiaternity, announces the installation of the following of ficers William L Johnson, piesi dent, Harold G McKee, vice presi dent, James E Wilson, secretary, Thomas R Durham, treasurer, Fred Fowler, sentinel, and Robert Bar nard, inductor
Flash' The new spring jewelry has come in at Southworth’s Gift Shop I didn’t get to see it —^it wasn’t open yet, but they tell me that there will be a wide vaiiety of things. Wooden, sterling, friendship rings, novelty beads of seeds and shells, long and short strands of beads, anjl lots more Go down and buy yours befoie it sells out Oh yes, Southworth’s Gift Shop is having a sale soon— take heed
BOOKS f'’ I j {
^ GIFTS ^ I
STATIONERY | ATHLETIC SUPPLIES ’
4
OFFICE SUPPLIES
AND EQUIPMENT
I
Decker s Inc.
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
Follow Our Boilermakers Rest and Relax at the
SouUuoifiikiL
dfjobd. J<oju)IeA,
Blue Blazer
Walnut Room Cafe O. M. Pipes/31
SMALL ENOUGH to personalize its service to you, yet LARGE ENOUGH to offer yon the largest stock of USED AND NEW TEXTS Complete Stndenls Supply
Get Your— STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS
University Book Store
Phone 2192
356 State
Graves Quality Bakery J’insL SmojcL and. ^oMhisiA..
PURDUE BASKETBALL
PURDUE
No. Name 24 Lodge 3 Horn 9 Gustafson 23 Kennedy 27 Frazier 30 Haag 25 Friend
4-
HARDWARE, PAINTS and ^ SUNDRIES Edgerton Hardware
MINNESOTA
E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
No,
Name
Position
35
DeLapp
F.
30
Lehrman
F.
22
Wright
C.
3
Geraghty
G.
31
Sutton
G.
Waid (Piggy) Lambert
★
SANDWICHES and Soft Drinks Also CURB SERVICE
TRIPLE XXX
Get the Best!
SPORTS EaUIPMENT
^ For Spring Sport Activities See Pete McConnell at
efaeli^
vr
4th Street Annex
When You Are in Trouble, Call PETER ANDERSON CO.
GOODYEAR TIRES and BATTERIES 24 HOUR SERVICE Corner of Sixth and Alabama Phone 4048
Corner of Salisbury and Main
Everything for a College Education
DEAL’S