i
i
■
‘ *, ■ ■> , , ■i'\ ' , ' “ , " . T
'“r:."
■' , /'
John Charles Thomas sings tonight at convocation. Program in story on page 1.
ponent
m jQaf/y Sfttc^t -
Campus prepares for * Homecoming. Read fioir committee rates decorations.
Volume 52, No. 39
West Lafayette. Indiana
Thursday, October 24, 1940
Playshop Stores As Fi rst Badjw Pep Rally M* L* A I Jn Parade Will Sfari Nighters Applaud Opener a,&45t^
Bill Heath In Role Of Drunken Barrie
Band Will Lead Alumni,
Makes Realistic Souse and Good Father srudents Xo Stuart Field
V By Bob Skallerup Fowler Hall first nighters saw Playshop get off another good one last night. With a play that was perhaps not so well suited to “turning twenty'' players, and with only one wobbly door, the cast, led by Bill Heath as Barrie Trexel, ^d a fine piece of work. Heath was a fine souse and a better thairhverage papa.' Blossom and Susan
Blossom and Susan, played by Dorothy Ann Canfield and Vinton Taylor respectively, also rate a call —Blossom because she was shy and Susan because she didn’t mess up a string of hard lines. The play got off to a slow start that had the audience squirming a bit, but picked Up almost immediately when Barrie got a bit blotto and warmed to his task. The second and third acts more than did the job of making a hard seat comfortable. Bedroom Scene A nicely set bedroom scene in the second act gave the three leading characters a chance to show what they _could do alone. Most of the rest of the time they were surrounded by a crowd that talked too much and said too little. Staging was adequate but not sensational. Three scenes, the aforementioned bedroom, a flagstone terrace, and a sombre sitting room were effectively set up and provided an unimportant setting for a play that hung on its lines.
LouBreeseToPlay For Mixer, Banquet In Union Ballrooms
Lou Breese and his “breezy rhythm” orchestra occupy a cornerstone position in the foundation of a successful Homecoming week-end when they start activities off with a double appearance tomorrow. At 6 o’clock tomorrow Breese and his orchestra will furnish dinner music for the annual Alumni Banquet in the Union ballrooms, and at 9:16 they will swing out for the Homecoming mixer in the Union ballrooms, the first dollar and a half mixer of the present school year. Latest Engagements Breese comes to campus direct from the State and Lake Theatre in Chicago. His latest engagements boast of such well-known gay spots as the Chez Paree in Chicago, the Meadowbrook Country Club in Cedar Grove, N. J., Hamid’s Million
Maury Mahni
Houses Completing Decoration Plans For Homecoming
Fraternities and ''sororities are now rushing to completion their respective Homecoming decorations, which will be judged tomorrow evening and Saturday morning. Cups will be given for the best fraternity and sorority decorations. Last year Theta Chi and Chi Omega took top honors. Committee Chosen The judging committee this year includes Prof. G. M. Fryer; Mrs. J. S. Morrison, president of the Tippecanoe art society; Lloyd V. Moser, architect and artist; Mrs. Carl S. Speck, artist from Columbus, O. The judging committee announced that it will give four-fifths of the 100 points to the suitability to Homecoming of the dominant idea, and the way in which it is presented. Ingenuity, originality, and cleverness will also be taken into account. Simplicity Desired It should be remembered, stated the committee, that it is not necessarily the elaborate, expensive exhibit, involving a large amount of material and space, that will win. It is more appropriate to express with clarity and simplicity the idea that^ is to be carried out. It is advised that excessive crudeness, involving discourtesy to the
Three Speakers At the field three speakers will address students, alumni, and townspeople before a huge bonfire. Frank Blocker, captain and center of the 1915 Boilermaker eleven, Mai Elward, and President Edward C. Elliott, who yesterday addressed a letter to Bill Delmer, yell manager, stating that he hoped to be back on the campus from Columbus, O., “if the planes are running on schedule,” will complete the trio of speakers. In the parade the band will be directly followed by Gold Peppers, who have furnished co-ed yell uniforms, Reamers, Gimlets, and Skull and Crescents, all sponsors of the rally.
Johnny Kuck, head yell leader, will direct the program on Stuart Field, j.l.t.
Wesley Foundation
Plans 'Ghost' Party
visiting team or the instution from which it came, should not appear in exhibits, r.e.h.
“Ghosts will walk” at the Wesley Foundation Hallowe’en party tomorrow evening from 7:30 to 9:30 o’clock to be held in the Methodist Church on the corner of Main and South streets.
Senior Foresters Return From Northern Indiana
Twenty senior foresters returned Tuesday evening from a two-day trip to northern Indiana. The trip, under the supervision of Daniel Den Uyl and John Case of the forestry department, was to study the inter-relationship of farm-woods management and wild life management. d.e.b.
John Woliung, representative of the Methpdist Chmch student organization, announced that the party will be open to all students who care to come. The admission price will be 15 cents per couple or 10 cents per person.
A prize will be given to the couple who is most suitably disguised although masking is optional. Refreshments will be served, and forms of entertainment will be offered throughout the party which will close in time for the couples to attend the mixer in the Union. n.z.
Dollar Pier in Atlantic City, and the Beverly Hills Country Club in Newport, Ky., besides the ^ State and Lake Theatre appearance in Chicago. During most of the past year, while he has been playing at these might spots, Breese has broadcast over the NBC and Mutual networks. Signed To Play Again Breese and his “breezy rhythm” makers are signed to present return performahces at the Chez Paree on December 24, and at the Meadowbrook Country Club for eight weeks at their first available date. Breese and his orchestra will open at the Palace Theatre in Cleveland on October 28. Featured with the orchestra will be pianist Mel Winters, vocalists Barry Warren and Skip Mon, and the orchestra’s glee club, j.a.p.
Homecoming Activities To Start
Tomorrow As Alumni Register
Homecoming, traditional weekend of returning alumni, college life, and King Football, will be officially launched on campus tomorrow afternoon at 2 o’clock when University alumni register in the Union. >
Tour Campus ^ Following registration, alumni will tour the campus, and will pay inspection visits to the new buildings. Later in the afternoon, they will see the Varsity - Freshmen swimming meet in the Fieldhouse pool and women’s physical education classes meeting on inside and outside courts of the Women’s gymnasium.
... and his band will play for the tea d^nce after the game Saturday afternoon to be held in both ballrooms until 6 o’clock. The admission is free. <
Activity will actually open at 6 o’clock tomorrow eyening when alumni, faculty, stud^ts and townspeople gather in the Union ballrooms for the annual Alumni Banquet. Members of the University’s 1916
John Charles Thomas Sings
Tonight Before Convocation American Baritone's
University alumni gathered in the Union ballrooms for the annual pre-Homecomin^ banquet will form the nucleus for tomorrow night’s Wisconsin pep session rally on Stuart Field when they follow the Military band from the ballrooms and out through the great hall of the Union to start the parade at 8:46 p. m. from Grant and State streets.
As in past years students organizations carrying Homecoming banners and legends will be represented in the colorful procession, which will be led by Purdue’s new iron mascot—^the locomotive symbol of Boilermaker teams.
John Charles Thomas
Instrumental Variety Hour Scheduled For
General Electric
Representatives
Sunday In Music Room
Interview Today
Next Sunday afternoon the Student Union will present an instrumental variety hour in the Music 1 Room from 4 to 6 o’clock. The program will feature selected members of the University Orchestra, and will consist of selections by the string quartet, a marimba solo, a violin duet, a trumpet trio, a violin solo, and a marimba duet. Players who will take part in the program are Phyllis Baker, violin; Gene Kinelski, viola; Paul Seehausen, celloist; Arthur Bell, violinist; -Martha Moon, violinist; Robert Bond, trumpet; Merle Anderson, trumpet; Don Frier, trumpet; Marjorie and Madgel Bradshaw, marimba, o.l.a.
Representatives of the General - Electric Company are returning again to inspect this year’s degree men. Beginning today and continuing through Saturday morning, four GE men and Purdue graduates, C. C. Adams, ’06; M. Q. Allen, ’16; A. H. ^Howard, ’27; and P. Y. Tuniy, ’09, will be on hand to talk to as many as possible of the interested seniors.
Spots Puts Band
Through Stiff Drill I For Homecoming
football squad will be guests of honor at the banquet, celebrating tljieir “silver anniversary.” Senior members of the squad will receive silver football trophies at the banquet,' and “P” men of the 1915 class will be seated at a tablfe especially re- . servecj for them. > After the banquet, diners will attend the Wisconsin pep session and bonfire on north Stuart Field. PJhyshop’s presentation of “Susan and God” will open in Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock.
In preparation for its appearance Saturday at the Homecoming ^ame, the University Military Band has returned to the practice field for marching rehearsal during the last several days. In addition to brushing up on their old formations, the bandsmen are learning several new ones for this week’s appearance and band director Spots Emrick has not let the boys be idle during their marching layoff since the Ohio State game.
General Information In order tp obtain general information without the repetition of individual interviews, a meeting will be held in the large auditorium in the Electrical building at 4 p. m. this afternoon, which all interested senior electrical and mechanical engineers will attend. The time remaining will be devoted to preliminary interviews of individuals and small groups at the executive building. Since the company does not consider the selection of its personnel a spur-of-the-moment affair, the representatives plan to hold themselves available for interviews several times during the year so that each senior may see them and become acquainted, thus permitting more careful selection on both sides. There will be visits toward the middle of the year and again in the spring when all sizing up stops and offers are made. r.r.r. •
Band Perfects Numbers The musicians have practiced in the Hall of Music every evening, achieying the precision and fire in their playing avhich Spots demands, perfecting the rendition of familiar numbers and learning new ones.
Greek Decorations Reviewing and judging of fraternity and sorority house decorations will start at 9, and the Homecoming mixer, with Lou Breese and his orchestra, will open at 9:15. Saturday’s program promises a »full day of activity for alumni, with the game with^ Wisconsin at 2 p. m. thp highlight. j.a.p.
Much time has been spent in working on the Wisconsin song, “On Wisconsin,” in preparation for a rousing salute to the BadgQr fans this Saturday. Also, the band has been rehearsing various numbers
to be played in honor of the return-
ing alumni. '
Gold breast cords have also been issued to the band members since their last appearance here.
To University Students
During this Homecoming week-end, the University is de*pending upon the students to refrain from any actions resulting in the defacement or the destruction of property on and off the campus. Aside from the material losses involved, such acUoim always result in much unfavorable public comment. It will be a big help to football if the team is given the exclusive right of placing -ihe one decoration worth while, and that on the score board. -I#%e are unfortunate and find that there are thoughtless vandals in our midst, then the University will be forced to take appropriate action. Edward C. Elliott, ' President.
Program Starts At 8;
Music Hall Open 7:15
John Charles Thomas, American baritone of the Metropolitan Opera, will present a variety program of wellknown operatic, light concert, and folk songs this evening at 8 o'clock in the Music Hall at the second regular convocation of the year. Doors will be opened at 7:15 o'clock for the convocation audience. Versatile Artist Thomas is a versatile artist. He has achieved great success in three fields of the musical art — opera , comique, grand opera, and concert. After graduating from the Peabody Conservatory in Baltimore where he studied music under Adelin Fermin, Thomas fast became a leading star ' of light opera. His rich, fine voice gained for him innumerable success in such productions as “Apple Blossoms” and “Mqytime.” Thomas was launched in the field of grand opera at the Rolay Opera House in Brussels. Soon after his initial success such opera companies as the Philadelphia Grand Opera, the Chicago Civic Opera and the Metropolitan Opera were signing him to leads in their season’s pro-
ductions.
John Charles Thomas wiU include in his selections at tonight’s concert favorites such as, “Chanson a Manger,” and “Se Nel Bel.” He will also sing a number of American folk songs with the selection “Gentle Annie” by Stephen Foster. The program for the convocation is as follows:
PART I
Tu lo sai Guiseppe Torelli Alma del Core Antonio Caldai^ Chanson a manger (Eating Song) = Charles Lemaire Bois Epais (Air from “Amadis”) Jean Baptiste LiiUy Se Nel Ben .... Allesandro Stradella
PART II
Bourree Bach-Saint-Saens The Submerged Cathedral I^bussey Malaguena Lecouna Mr. Hollister—^pianist
PART III
Recitative and aria, “Salome!” from “Herodiade” INTERMISSION
PART rv
Gentle Annie Stephen Posted All Day on the Prairie (Texas Cowboy Song) 1 ^. arr. by David Guion Low Bridge, or the Erie Canal ....... Ernest Bacon At the Foot of Yonder Mountain arr. by John PoweU The Deaf Woman’s Courtship ' arr. by John Powell Take My Mother Home (Negro Spiritual) ,. arr. by Hal Johnson
, PARt V
As Ever I Saw Peter Warlock
O Men From the Fields Herbert Hushes
Dialogue Between Tom Filuter and His Man Lord Berners
E’en As a Lovely Flower
- ....... Frank Bridge
Shallow Brown (Sea Chanty)
arr, by Percy Grainger
The Old Soldier
........ Victor Hely Hutchinson Due to the size of the audience, admission will he by passp«^ and
season tickets only.
Debris
« ... business office has moved to new quarters in room 364 of the Union. Open house was h^d Wednes- ' day afternQ<m for vMtoes. nun.”1' ’'- r’, 'f '-'-^•-^\t-"f ‘ ■T.y,^f7fj^v',:^ c¥'^if;fm<'»‘'‘'‘’^¥''.^\''<fff^^,^
■/ ,
•"' ', .\\
PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday^ October 24, 1940
'■fi'
'4-;*
I ■ SS'^-
pf ■■
®--' * . ’
S?"'
k
Canada received her first shipment of overage land destroyers the other day. Vintage of the world war number one and capable of the flashing speed of four miles per hour. Now there are those who adhere to the policy of any port in a storm or any tank is better than none. Hbwever, we always say a tank on order: Doesn’t offer nearly as much resistance to a quick retreat.
Also if you have to abandon the order the enemy cannot very well capture it. Plus the fact that against our kind. Anti-tank guns are absolutely useless.
Hitler is wooing France these days. For some unknown reason. He says he wants them to get into the war. And maybe he does. But the way we look at it, while maintaining a strict neutrality, all France does. Is fight the British navy and support the Grerman army of occupation.
' Besides shining Adolph’s boots and scrapping among themselves. Looks like kind of risky to us. Give them guns again. And they might mistake Goering for Churchill.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Ijafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by Carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief....... ......B. W. Donahue Business Manager. —Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff News Editor •- — J. H. McKee Managing Editor. ...... .................J>. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C..Landers; Promotion Manager, G. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M.
RectenwMd. Cof-ed Staff
Beth Simpson Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Bose, Donna
Elditor........ Associate Editors
Siess.
Editor..
Sports Staff
J. P. Dolan
Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O.
Swaim.
Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Represented for_ national advertising by National Ad-
v^toing Service, "
. Inc., College Publishers Representatives,
420 Madison Ave., New Ybrk, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Ochiltree Day Editor: Rose Night Sports Ed.: Swaim Ass’t. Night Ed.: Allanson Staff R. Tewksbury, R. S. Kolb, D* T. Brophy, R. E. Horne, N. Zachary, M. L. Losey; J. D. Frasier, M. Fifield, M. R. McHaffie, V. Barson.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m.
Skull and Crescent: All members be out to help in getting up the bonfire on Friday, October 26, from 4 to 6 p. m. and from 7 to 8 p .m. This is very important. —LANIUS.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting .and pledging, Friday, October 25, at 4:30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Initiation will be Sunday, October 27, at 3 p. m. in the sarnie room. —CORTISSOZ.
PI A Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal will be held Monday, October 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. Everybody be there. —SMULEVITZ.
Sophomore Union Workers: Absolutely all available male Union workers are needed to put up; the roof sign, Thursday, October 24, Please meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. .—WOLFF.
YWCA : Meeting Thursday, October 24, at 4 p. m. in the YWCA Union office. —BRYANT.
Military Bali Committee: Meeting Thursday, October 24, in room 202 of the Armory. —AULL.
WAA: Sophomore, Junior speedball game 'Thursday, October 24, at 4 p. m. —STEIGERWALD.
All Ags and Home Ecs: Group that attended initial meetings concerning the American Country Life Association’s National Convention please attend meeting in room 118 Ag Hall, Friday, October 26, at 4 p. m. ^ABVIDSON.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, October 24, at 7 p. m. instead of 7 :30 p. m. —LONG.
The uniform is different but the build is sorta similar.
basement. Maybe he figures that Paris being closer to London than Berlin^well you know human nature— that is I mean—• They look kind of alike in the dark.
Debris Photography Staff: Meeting Friday, October 26, at 4 p.'m., in room 60 of the Union. ■ —SWIFT.
Appears as if der Fuhrer doesn’t like sleeping in the A guy might get off his route.—dkh
Camera Club; Because of convo, Tanco’s lecture on "Portraiture” will be postponed until next week. This week there will be a lecture and demonstration on “Mounting and Retouching.” Meeting will be Thursday, October 24, at 7 :30 p. m, in Room 304. —GBPHART.
Patrioteering
Editor’s Note: The following editorial is reprinted from the “Minnesota Daily” of October 22.
The present-day revival of patriotic fervor has itSibasis in the natural gratitude of the American people that their country is still democratic, still at peace. But the pgtrioteers — those who make profit from this honest patriotism—have it in their power to distort and misuse the loyalty which Americans feel for their country, its political system and its symbols. Genuine patriotism does not 'consist only of slogans on movie screens, nor of patriotic songs over the radio, nor of singing the “Star Spangled Banner.” Rather it consists of contributions of ideas and service to the democratic ideal and to the American people. Such Americanism finds expression at all times and in all periods, instead of being turned on and off at will. The subtle danger inherent in this patrioteering is two-fold. To begin with, it fans the flames of emotion, blinding the American people to their real problems-T-unemployment, slums,.ilhhealtb, oppression of minorities and general insecurity. Until the United States awakens and takes adequate steps toward the sblution of these vital problems facing her at home,; neithm army, planes nor guns will be of much use for defense.
A nation which has ignored Or failed to solve its social problems is doubly vulnerable to attack. And an hysterical people cannot solve its problems. Patrioteering is also dangerous to the American way of life in that it attempts to create an artificial national unity. National unity is essentiah to any nation which is parsing through a critical and epoch-making period ; but when national unity becomes such that Americans of unquestionable repute and loyalty are called traitors and “fifth-columnists” because they have minority points of view, then it becomes difficult to distinguish between American national unity and the so-called national unity of which the totalitarian nations boast. The unity of a people can be welded only when each group feels secure in its own function, only when there is a sense of progress achieved through common action. That is the real content of a program a,iming at the solidarity of a nation, if it is toibe consistent with America’s traditions. Patrioteers specialize in the use of the symbols of America—our flag, our songs, the names and deeds of our leaders. They appropriate them for their own ends, no matter how those aims may contravene the wishes of fhe people. If American patrioteers succeed in divorcing America’s symbols from the experience of the American people which give those symbols significance—if they can promote a worship of these symbols shorn of their democratic content—then they will have in their hands a powerful instrument for the use of political reaction against the American people, and. against the very things for which America’s symbols have always stood.
Christian Science: Regular meeting will be held Thursday, October 24, 7 p. na., in room 302 of the Union. This change in meeting time is due to the convocation on the santie evening. :—^MAC'K.
ASME: All members who signed at the initial meeting for membership cards and emblems may. get them at Professor Cope’s office any day this, week except Friday from 9 to 10 a, m. —COOLEY.
Male Students: Desiring to fire on 4th novice pistol group may sign up now in the supply room of the Armory. This groups starts firing November 6, 1940. —WASSMAN.,
All Sophomores; Call out for all sophomores interested in working on the editorial staff of 1941 Debris. Report to Debris office at 4 p. m. October 22-25. ■—JONES.
SCA Members: Credit Union meeting will be held Monday, October 28, at 8 :30 p. m. in the Wesley Soundation House. —BELCHER.
Delta Rho Kappa: Short meeting of all actives and pledges Thursday, October 24, at 6 p. m. in room 303 of Union. Pledges bring keys and boxes. Dues are payable at this time. —OSWALT.
THEY MADE HIM FAMOUS ...HE MADE THEM MEN)
pat O’BRIEN GALE PAGE • RONALD REAGAN • DONALD CB«I*
—COMING SATURDAY-
MAM
Wells Issues Call For Male Quartet
Marge Patrick. Comedy singing will be handled by Ollie Lunch. r.h.r.
Imst: Pair of glasses in brown case. John Swenson. Cary Hall West. 8446. Reward.
A male quartet is needed for the annual Thanksgiving day Union show according to Willis Wells, director. Anyone desiring to form the quartet is to contact Wells at once. Female singers in the show include Nona Reedy, Carolyn Wood, a Kappa quartet and an Alpha Xi trio. The Kappas will be directed by Jean Skinner and the Alpha Xis by
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
Lost: Gold ring with large hlue-green stone in Union Tuesday.^inder please call room 1101 WRH.
Lost: Green and black fountain pen in or between the library and Union buildings ’Tpesday about 9 p. m. Reward. Call 41204.
Lost: Polyphase Slide Rule in Fbwler Hall between 2 and 8 p. m. Reward. Call 61922.
Ross-Bent-A-Car Service. Cars tor all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Lost: Sliderule. H. Schildmier printed on slide rule and case. Please call 2476. Reward.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. U, F. Ebersboff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
- TODAY - FRIDAY
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
TIM McCOY MARION SHILLING In THE WESTERNER' —and—
ALEKANDER KORDA presents 'PRISON WITHOUT BARS' Released Thru United Artists _ ALSO
PLUS
FIRST RUN PATHE NEWS
Today-Fri.-Sat.—2 HITS!
wMi FUZZY KMIGHT
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Uchty
T may have eaten a little to much ice cream at the party, but I didn’t wanna take a chance on not eating quite yHnough!”
All Students: Interested in doing sketches for 1941 Debris see Jean Jones Debris office at 4 p. m. from October 22-25. If you have any sample sketches, submit them at once. Judging next week. —JONES.
Kappa Delta Pi Pledges: Secure your mimeographed historical material in room 107 of the Education building immediately. There will be a test on this next Thursday, October 24. —MONK.
All Senior Men: It is a regulation of the University that all seniors have a physical examination for employment purposes. Rer port to the Student Health Service without fail to schedule a time for^ this examination. Seniors who do not take this exam-; ination run the risk of not_ seeing the' companies they wish to interview. —MILLER.
NEWEST NEWS IN SHOES! FORTUNE’S CROSSTRED WEDGE SOLES
MOST STYLES Here's just one of our smcnrt Fortune "Cross Tred" Wedge sole styles—^the netrest iiews in shoes for cccBuql or spectator sports wear, authentically styled by Fortune for smart comfort.
SHOES FOR MEN B & W Shoe Co.
East Side of Square
STARTS TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE -
A Swingin' Singin' Jamboree of Fun!
PLUS-
The Mighty Drama of a Nation's Birth!
James Fenimore Cooper's American Classic
THE LAST OF THE MOHICANS Thrilling Romantic Adventure In The Shadow of the Bitter Colonial Wars! , with RANDOLPH SCOTT BINNIE BURNS HENRY WILCOXOM
FABULOUSLY EXCITING ! ! . UNFORGETTABLY THRILLING l i
■ — EXTRA IOY--POPEYE CARTOON — World Wide Newsi
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
■: V!
'11^
-n]
»■ ■ lii
■ ■ y 4’ 1
iV
liiBiiiiMf . n
iMiMiaaiifiiRiiiaM
^ ' ' . ' ' ‘ J ‘ ' ' . y'
t« >iJ v-* ■i
' '•? , ’ J ‘ * » ' ^ 0 ,' ,( 'yj*.' g-ifl '
^ '
Thursday. October 24. 1940
Swimmers Stage Inter-squad
Homecoming Meet On Friday
Getting th^ir first real taste of competition of the year, the varsiy, and freshmen swimmihg teams, under the able tutelage of Coach Dick Papenguth, will perform Friday afternoon at 4 :p0 p. m. in the Fieldhouse pool. The races will be of an intersquad nature, with rhinies and varsity also competing among themselves.
Races This will be the initial racing attempt of the season for all concerned but will provide an opportunity for the mermen to demonstrate their abilities before the Homecoming visitors as part of a festive week-end. Another Aquacade Plans are being formulated for the Aquacade, which will be ^staged on November 29 and 30 with most of the personalities from last year returning. Such celebrities as Larry Griswold, comic diver from the Billy Rose World’s Fair Aquacade;
Choose from Our Large Selection of
Priced $5.75 to $25.00
SOONAINST.
oofiKisiMeiNe.
to j,
Z «ouM ■.
Otess tor R««n in J^UlOrATO^'
S^ep
out
Sty'e^
Ihe
\)Y
V
Styled after the London Coaching Club coat with full 85-mch sweep, convertible collar, large, roomy pockets, fly front and many other distinctive features. Tops among all casual type, comfortably draped coats. Water repellent for protection against ram—ideal for storm and sport.
A
y
\ f
Samthur Spatial FInIth Cloth with excluilva tueda-like flniih—
$]475
Famoui Galecloth. Light walght, Brmly woven with unooth flniih—’
and.
.tho Univarcity Coacher in Alligator's Qanuina
WATERPROOF Fabric
This is the coat for real outdoor men because it keeps
you dry no matter how hard, or how long it rains, 'i'
Genuine waterproofing plus smart stylmg.
750
AT BCTTtR DCAieHS CVCRYWHERE THE ALLIGATOR CO., St. Louis, Los Angelos, New York
ALLIGATOR
Be c a us e . . . IT’ S S U R E T O R A IN!
m ^xpormd SpoJda fiags
addition to the visiting stars.,
Feminine Stars
Johnnie Howard, world famous diminutive diver from Lawrenceville, Illinois, will contribute their talents to what should be one of the outstanding athletic events of the school year. High Board Men Act Diving of all ty^ies will feature the presentation, and will give Boilermaker fans an insight into the high- board men that will carry the Gold and Black colors into the ensuing season, for two members of the 1944 class, John Yoenst and Herman Bauer, will be on hand in
Two feminine springboard stars will enliven the proceedings, both of whom are familiar to local swimming enthusiasts, in the persons of little Patty Aspinall and attractive Barbara Cook. Babs was a student here last year and was graduated in June, while Patty is an Indianapolis school girl protege who has been receiving instructions from Coach Papenguth for some time now.
Illusiens
Betty and Lorraine Bemis and Virginia Schakel, all of whom are enrolled in ihe Riveter institution this semester, will take to the pool in an at;tempt to shatter the existing medley relay record. Fast Frosh • '
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
A galaxy of good first year men give promise to splendid teams for coming years, and embody many high school champions, hailing from New York to Louisiana. Johnnie Dilly is a backstroker in the same class with Adolf Kiefer and is a national A.A.U. champion. Vern Hansel who is a native of New Orleans is an excellent free style performer with a chance for high honors at the pace he is now maintaining. Dick McCarthy, Joe Stanley, and Claude LaBow round out a highly versatile squad.
Bleacher Used Dick gave another note about the approaching Aquacade and wished to assure everyone that plenty of reserved seats will be available. Bleachers on the sides of the pool will increase the capacity and will allow all who attend a good view of the meet. The young Boilermaker coach was very optimistic toward the outcome of the 1940-41 season and expressed the belief that his lads will be in the thick of the topflight mermen starting this year, o.t.c.
MAKING A fl^ORT 'iioRY *>‘MnGER!
DERWEAR
masouUn* construe* In addition, ,^*s a lag length :^4^^'|uit YOU 1/
it SHORT — ilMk. |xi|f, the yavng faverita. 3VV
JOCKEY MIDWAY— •iX'Inch lags for i avoryday butinast 50c
JOCKEY lONG — modarn cold-
JOCKEY OVERKNEE —prolecta knaaa and thigha from cold and fram twaodauHa. 75o
waathar protacHopi,
snug,aiaak,>ve Orltflnofocf and ManufaatuMd by alyllsh.. . # a#V '
Men's Furnishings
Sfreel Floor
News leaking from the Indiana' campus should make old lacrimal Bo McMillian keep his trap shut about taking the signal calling from the players. As you know, it was friend Bo who suggested that the "coaches should be allowed to call the plays from the bench. $uch a move would detract from the gamble young men must take, and thus make the game quite the stereotyped affair. —I-I— Last Saturday, Hoosier signal caller, Hal Hursh disobeyed (without knowing) Coach McMillian’s orders. As a result, Indiana scored a touchdown on the play and beat Iowa. The story goes Jike this: Harold “Red” Zimmer was sent into the game with instructions from the bench to call a quick kick. He couldn’t talk on the first play from scrimmage after his substitution. Hursh called a running play with the little Red head carrying the ball... touchdown. Indiana won 10-6. —I-I—
By the way if you want to hear some real crying, listen to Bo McMillian tomorrow night at 8:00 o’clock when he is interviewed on Grantland Rice’s program from Chicago. Get out the buckets.
Rankin May See Action
In Homecoming Battle
A broken nose, a left-handed passer, and a transplanted tackle were the chief topics of conversation in the Boilermaker grid camp today, as a renewal of intensive scrimmage took its place on Mai Elward’s menu for the squad in last night’s drill. Punting practice with emphasis on the responsibilities of the safety man was taken up as Petty and Schumacher repeatedly boomed long spirals into the arms.of alternating safqty men. Rankin Will Play
BULLETIN Merlin Gantz, right halfback on the Boilermaker football squad, broke one of the small bones in his ankle yesterday during practice. It is reported that Gantz, an Indianapolis boy, will be out for the remainder of the season.
Schedules Thursday, October
Touchball-
Field
1. Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 14
2.
(T. Noland)
Cary Hall 2 vs Cbry Hall 13
(H. Richman)
Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 12
(J. McGrath)
Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 11
(N. Goldstein)
Cary Hall B vs Cary Hall 10
(D. Adams)
Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 9
(W. B. McAdams)
Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 8
(E. J. McCarthy)
Theta Chi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon
(J. Shaw)
There are some real football games on tap this week-end. Notre Dame meets Illinois, and the Irish should get some of that “competition” Layden keeps begging for, but can’t seem to find in enemy opposition. His steam roller has pulverized Pacific College, Carnegie Tech, and Georgia Tech. But this contest doesn’t even smell of the stuff that will be presented up at the home of the Wolverines. Pennsylvania brings its high scoring machine to Ann Arbor to meet Michigan. Tom Harmon’s scoring ability will be matched by Pennsylvania’s Frank Reagan. Reagan and Harmon are leading the nation’s scorers with 79 and 61 points respectively. Incidentally, Reagan doesn’t kick points after touchdown, and Harmon has collected 10 such points and a field goal. —I-I— * Ohio State goes far East to Cornell. This is the game to watch. It matches the nation’s best team against Ohio State, a team which is capable of playing top rate football, but I’m afraid their “bull37” psychology will be topped one better at the home of New York state’s pride and joy. I’ll take Cornell by three touchdowns. So will you, I know!
The broken nose, of course, belongs to Captain Dave Rankin. The fracture which he received as an award for his inspired efforts in the Michigan State game will be protected by a special face guard which has proven a success during squad scrimmage. Although he may not start in the Badger tilt, hopes are high that the flashy end will see considerable action. Passing Threat The passing of Johnny Galvin, the Riveter’s big^st aerial threat, has been a never-ending source of enjoyment to the Boilerlnaker coaching staff during this week’s drills. The former high school rival of Northwestern’s Bill DeCorrevont has taken over the Riveter passing game due to the injury of Mike Byelene and all indications point to the successful handling of his new job. Galvin’s record for the present season is six completions in 15 attempts for a total gain of 98 yards, which is very capable southpawing. New Guard Found The injury riddled left guard spot f eceived a shot in the arm this week as big Ewell O’Bryan, sophomore tackle, was shifted to this all-im-portant position in the basically Rockne system. The husky lineman will very likely see plenty of action in this new post during the Badger Homecoming invasion. That Wisconsin is a powerful team, there can be no doubt. Statistics on the Badger - Northwestern game shows the hosts from Camp Randall piled up 16 first downs to' the Wildcat’s 15, avd at the present time the Badgers are runners-up for groimd gaining honors among the Big Ten teams. Frosh Play Saturday To the members of Elmer Burnham’s freshman football squad, the big Homecoming game on Saturday afternoon will only be an anti-cli-max in the day’s activities. The event of the day for them will be the Rhinie inter-squad game held on Stuart field at 10:30, Saturday morning. The squad is now reaching a scrimmage peak in preparation for the annual tilt, and the evenness of the two teams assures a close game, j.dff.
AMERICA'S EASIEST-GOING lEiSURE SHOE WITH NEW DETAILS OF STYIINC WINTHROP'S SLACK
Vintbrop Slioeg 6.85 to 8.85 Cal««{al G»«4«i & ED 4
|ACH soason brings loud clamor for a |i|iew version of this favorite leisure shoe. This year, in response to public demand, Winthrop again brings you the easygoing Slack with new details of styling, including the moccasin stit<^, and S^oart new touches of individjaglity. See it
KINNEY'S shoe:
West Side of S^pmePURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, October 24, 1940
WAA News
Homecoming WAA alumnae have been invited to play the senior hockey players on the women’s hockey field Saturday morning at ,10 o’clock. The game is to give the hockey players of the past few years an opportunity to get out on the field and enjoy themselves once more. Miss Frazier will announce the co-ed team later this week. The game is open to all spectators who wish to come. —waa— The United States field hockey touring team which came to-the campus last week defeated WAA hockey'team by a score of two to nothing, when they played in the Fieldhouse because of rain last Monday night. —^waa— Hallowe’en will be celebrated with a mixed scavenger hunt the evening of October 30. Groups of from one to twenty-five will leave the gym at 7:30, to scour the town and return by 8:30 to enjoy the following social hour. Jean Steigerwald and Mary Brown are in charge of the hunt. —waa-— Semi-finals of the tennis tournament are now in progress, with Nancy Cooper to play the winner of the game- between Shirley Emhoff and Mary Moffett this week. The winner of the tournament will be announced this week. —waa— ^ Bonnie Swope, modern dance chairman, urges all beginners to come out for dance club. This is the last week, but all new members are welcome, regardless of past experience. Practice is held , every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 4 o’clock. The club is now preparing a program for the fall sports spread to be held in the latter part of November. —^waa— Invitations from WAA are especially extended to the men of
Cross Country Run Taken By Ward ^ First in the inter - ward cross country meet yesterday afternoon on Intramural field was awarded to Ward 28. Although the winning ward had no finishers in the first five places, it was the only ward which fully qualified according to the rules which state that at least three men from a ward must finish to be eligible for a ward placing. The time for the two and onehalf mile event was 12:49, compared to 12:29, which was the time of the inter-fraternity cross country run. Disqualified Disqualified for running on the inside of a red flag marking the boundary of the course, Lloyd Myers of Ward ^9 was the actual winner, but his efforts were not considered because of the technicality. The first five places went to the following men in order: C. E. Smith, Ward 5; R. B. Bauchan, Ward 16; J. L, Kallok, Ward 8; Moffett, Ward 14; and A. M. Arnold, Ward ,14.' Members of the winning team were J. E. Lucas, J. Bailey, J. L. Keithley, and„D. E. Bailey. Medals will be awarded to the first plaCe winner, as well as the members of the winning team, w.h.h..
Cary Halls and Co-op Houses for the mixed recreation tomorrow night. All other students are welcome. Sports that may be participated in are badminton, archery, deck tennis, shuff leboard, volleyball, and swimming. There is the usual 10 cent Charge for men swimmers. Fencing promises to be especially popular. Members of the men’s fencing club, the Silver Mask, will give instructions throughout the evening.
W BAA
THURSDAY 11:00—PTA Program 11:16—March Time 11:30—County Federation of Clubs 11:46^—Wprld Bookman 11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Social Security 12:1&—Sportsman Corner 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Religious News—Rev; J. B. Gleason 1:16—Eyes on the Headlines 1:30—Afternoon Music 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—The Apothecary — Prof. C. 0. Lee 2:16^—Music of the Artists 2:30—Parent ForUm 2:46—Treasure Chest 3:00—Story of thei Opera 3 :30—Tea Time Tunes 4:00—Heard in the Hallway 4:16—Eleanor Slopesma—-soprano 4 :30—Exponent of the Air 4:46—Story Book Hour Pt A Organizes DanceClasses Fifty students attended the organization meeting of the PIA dance class last night in the Union. The first beginners class will be. held Monday, October 28, in one of the Union ballrooms. Tickets are available now to PIA members for $2.60; tickets also may be obtained at the door Monday night. After the third lesson a co-ed class will combine with the men’s class. Mrs. DunCan, of the Duncan Dancing Academy, will teach the class, and Helen Frosch will play, r.s.k. ;
Camera Club To Hear
Tonight at 7:30 p.m. in room 304 of the Union, W. F. Gephart, Sci ’41, will give a short talk and demonstration to Camera Club on the subject, “Mounting and Retouching Prints.” This talk ^ is designed to aid the members in preparing their prints for the forthcoming fall exhibit which opens November 7. Gephart will demonstrate the proper method of mounting prints and will give a short talk on retouching by means of pencil and spotting colors. Mr. Tanco’s lecture, which was to be presented at this time also, has been postponed another week because of convocation, m.1.1.
FRANK'S PLACE For Those Fine Tenderloins, Salads, and Homemade Chili ALWAYS OPEN 111 Northwestern A^e.
Alumni Teachers Banquet Tonight In Indianapolis Several hundred Purdue men and women, who are engaged in the teaching profession in this state, will attend an /annual banquet tonight at 5:30 ait the Columbia Club in Indianapolis. This banquet is sponsored by the Purdue Alumni Club of Indianapolis in cooperation with the division of education and applied psychology. After the banquet a new col^r
motion picture of the campus will be shown for the first time with an explanation by T. R. Johnson, Uhiversity publicity director. After the picture, Short talks will be given by Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president of Purdue; Dr. P. Bi. ftnight, head of the division of education and applied psychology and E. B. Baugh, alumni secretary.
Young nien and women are more curious about economic problems of marriage than about sex, or anything else, according to Prof. Homer L. J. Carter of Western/Michigan State Teachers College.
ALLEN'l SCHOOL OF OlANCI NCt 226-228 North 6th Street LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS Wed., Nov. 6, 7:30 p.m. Study under a nationally known instructor— T- M. Allen, graduate of Chalif School, New York City. President for past five years of Chicago National Association. , ADVANCED CLASS OPENS NOV. 7, 7:30 P. M. PHONE 2150
FI'NES'U’SCHOOL OF DANCf’NG
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• Hardware
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—-Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Dr. A M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vz Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
CLOTHES LAST LONGER When Sent to Crown Regularly for Cleaning Our expert skill, painstaking care and years of experience plus thorougli cleaning process offer you the finest cleaning service available.
Imma
P IN E C L E A N E R S O F FI N E C L 0 T H E S
Formals Are
a Fascinating Influence ^ This Is Proven True ■ ./ ■ . At ]Every GALA OCGASION
f’i.
>-■ i
’At. I
m
A.. I