HI
Hi
167 Co-eds Nominated As Debris Beauties
Topping last year’s record of 96 contestants, 167 coeds have been entered in the Debris beauty contest, which will be held in the' Union ballroom at 7 p. m. for a final practice session under the guidance of Mrs. Henderson. This last practice is compulsory, those who <io not attend being automatically eliminated, and the girls will be in formals. Virginia Royce, of the Student "Union, is handling the preview. Bill Martin and his band will play during the contest and Bill promises a surprise in a candidate of his own.
Here is the complete list. Pour of these girls will get a full page in the Debris, and twenty more will have their picture in it, as a gift from the Debris.
Bobby Adams, Katherine Ade, Roberta Alderman, Beth Amoss, Dorothy Andrew, Jane Arnold, Janet Avery, Beverly Baker, Mary Jane Bachelder, Annabelle
Ball, Jane Ballard, Marjorie Baumgart, LaVeme Bans, Wilma Bear, Virginia Beck, Ruth Bennett, Dorothy Benson, Erma Berry, Treva Berry, Jane Black, Eleanor Blackmore, Ruth Blake, Marjorie Bollman, Mary Helen Boyd, Ruth Bryant, Gerry Buhrke, Frances Burkhardt, Jean Ann Burkholder, Elizabeth Burton, Mary Burtsfield, Jane Caldwell, Betty Campbell, Bette Anne Carr, Helen Chamberlain, Marjorie Craig, Mary Ruth Craig, Marietta Darnall, Jackie Decker. Nan Dennis, Vivian Dickerson, Mary J. Dietrich, Estella Dix, Janice 'Dixon, Betty Doddridge, Bufiny Evans, Barbara Fitting, Jo Pleager, Harriet Forger, Gloria Pox, Virginia Pox, Patricia Frigge, Libby Fimsett, Gail Gallaher, Doris Gamble, Joanne Geer, Esther Gilmore, Jane Ann Glasgow, Betty Jean Graham, June Greckel, Merle Hagemeyer, Marguerite Hans, Mary Edith Harvey, Kathryn Hawkins, Jeanette Haynes,
Bonnie Hixon, Yvonne Holden, Jean Horr, Peggy Howard, Barbara Hyman, Jo Ann Jackson, Marian Johnson, Jean Jones. Ellen Kepner, Catherine Kern, Prances Kimmel, Maxine King, Dorothy Kolar, Winifred Kreipke, Dora Krug, Kathryn LeisJ, Carolyn Lemon, Jane Lewis, Martha Lommel, Prances Lloyd, Barbara Lupton, Lena Macak, Margaret MacBride, Darlene Mahns, Ann Manders, Mary Mangold, Alice Martens, Mary Mather, Peg Meagher, Helen McCabe, Isabelle McCaulay, Mary McClelland, Jean Ann McClintock, J. H. McKee, Dorothy McLain, Hele^ McQueen, Victoria Milea, Jeanne Miller, Elizabeth "Morehouse, Ona Morrison, Ann Morton, Ploy Myers, Delora Nichols, Jean Nie’^old, Jane Ostrander. Jeanne Patrick, Marjorie Patrick, Joan Paulus, Jane Pavey, Alice Pfiueger, Becky Ann Pervine, Virginia
Phelps, Sylvia Pittman, Vivian R. Peterson, Eleanor Poor, Yvonne Price, Frances Raebig, Martha Jane Raub, Corrine Reifers, Reva Richmond, Jane Robinson, Nancy Roby, Barbar:^ Roderick, Bernadette J. Roth, Georgiana Savory, Virginia Schanpp, Georgann Schilling, Caroline Scott, Mary Jane Sefton, Ella Lou Sexon. Rufifia Sexton, Jean Shake, Maribeth Sharp, Caroline Shaw, Dorothy Sieb, Betty Jane Short, Beth Simpson, Lois Simpson, Carolyn Smith, Muriel Smith, Virginia Sommer, Irene Sutherlin, Gene Taylor, Vinton Taylor, Annabelle Teeter, Mary Lou Thelen, Ruth Thelfen, Marge T^mas, Bette Trexler Margaret Ulrey, Sue Van Deren/♦ Barbara Waid, Nan Ward, £'aitb Wayne, Kae Wmer, Lucille Werner, Georgialee Weigel, Betty Williams, Jane Winterrowd, Betty Woefifle, Nilda Wood, Parker Wynn, Mary Glen Yeager, Janice Yeoman, Estella Young.
Purdue
z-tu
Voliune 51, No. 66
Exponent
Thursday, November 30, 1939
State High School Debaters, Coaches Delta Gamma Grants
Register For Two - Day Conference Reguest For Chapter
Jessye Choir Will Present
More than 600 high school debaters and their coaches irom 46 schools throughout the state, have already registered for the tenth annual Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference, it was announced yesterday by Professor P. E. Lull, Purdue debate coach and director of the conference. A final registration of nearly 860 is expected for the two-day conference which will be held Friday and Saturday. A demonstration debate on this — »
From Local Sorority
year’s high school debate question, ■“Government Ownership of Railroads,” will be given by the Purdue and Indiana debate squads. Debat-' ers on both collegiate teams are former high school debaters. Members of the University squad, who will take the affirmative side of the question, will be Maurice Karnowski, former Rensselaer high school debate star, and Donald Paarlberg, formerly of Crowri Point high school debate activities.
Dr. C. A. Beard Here To Make Study Of Campus Democracy
Indiana University’s'negative debaters include Marvin Miller, who debated for three years at Bedford high school, and William Spray, captain-of the all-state championship winning team from Lebanon in 1929. The debate will be held Friday in Fowler Hall, starting at 2:15 p. m. Constructive speeches will be limited to 12 minutes with rebuttals not more than five minutes long.
Sophomore, Junior, ASME Members To View Plant
Embarking on what is probably the shortest inspection trip of the year, ASME sophomores and juniors will at 1 p. m. today, visit the Lafayette Aluminum Plant. Sophomores and juniors were stipulated, although seniors may also attend, their previous trips being considered as possibly enough for the present. All students leaving on “the shortest inspection trip” will meet at 1 p. m. today dn front of the Mechanical Engineering building, after signing up in Professor Cope's office.
7
CAN YOU IMAGINE
Dr. Charles A. Beard, well known American historian and former professor of political science at Columbia University, will be on the campus from December 1 to 4. He is here to observe, evaluate, and advise on the democratic processes at work on the campus. A schedule is being drawn up now to facilitate his meeting various student and faculty groups. The doctor’s cpming here for the study is in respopse to an invitation from Dr. Elliott. Dr. Beard will start his study tomorrow morning with a tour of the campus in the company of Prof. Charles B. Murphy. Following this, a luncheon with the deans of schools is planned. Monday at 4 o’clock a special faculty meeting is planned at which Dr. Beard will speak. Dr. Beard is the author pf more than a score of books on history and philosophy. Some of his better known works are “Reading in American Government,” “American Government and Politics,” “Economic Interpretation of the Constitution,”" “History of the American People,” and “Whither Mankind.” Schedule Prof. Charles B. Murphy, chairman of the faculty committee on the State of the University, is in charge of ^ plans for Dr. Beard’s visit. A complete schedule of events for Dr. Beard will be ready today or tomorrow. Friday’s schedule of events includes the campus tour at 9 o’clock, a luncheon with President Elliott and the deans of schools, at 12 o’clock, a meeting with the commiL tee on the State of the University at 4 o’clock and a meeting with the Student Activities Bureau, Student Alliance, and the Cosmopolitan Club at 8 p. m. All the meetings are to take place in the Union building.
Delta Gamma will be the eighth national sorority to fee installed on the campus, according to official notification received j^esterday afternoon. Pedalion sorority, located at 303 Waldron, whose petition to become Delta Gamma has been approved by all, active and alumnae chapters of the organization, will be initiated at some future date. Pedalion was founded three years ago by Jeanne Soehner, Frieda Riechers, Margaret Jones, and Elizabeth Stuart. The sorority house was first located at 102 Andrew Place, but in the fall of 1938 was moved to its present site. There are now twenty-five members of Pedalion on the campus and ten alumnae from the 38-39 graduating class. Mrs. Dorothy 'Van Buskirk, Delta Gamma alumna from Hillsdale College in Michigan, is faculty advisor, and Mrs. W. H. Sanders has been house mother during th^past two years. Jeanne Soehner, Delta Gamma transfer student from Indiana and Butler Universities, was first president of Pedalion, Betty Lee Soehner, also a Delta Gamma transfer student, succeeded her, and Jean Shake is the president at this time.
Negro Music Convo Tonight
Eve Jessye
Twenty Voice Choir Will Repeat
Concert Tomorrow Evening
Folk tales of the American Negro will come to life on the stage of Fowler Hall this evening from the voices of the all Negro Eve Jessye Choir. The first of the series of their scheduled two convocation concerts tonight and tomorrow will start at 8 o’clock.
Prof. J. T. Gunn, in charge of convocations, announced that the following tickets will be honored this evening: sophomore and junior passports, red staff tickets, and pink tovmspeople tickets. Exchanges may be made at Prof. Gunn’s office, 213 Purdue Hall, or room 106, Reffcitation building. ' VI Eve Jessye, director of the 20-
. . . director of the 20 voice allNegro choir which will present the first of two scheduled concerts in Fowler Hall tonight.
Maury May Play At Union Formal
Charm School Hears
Hamer, ME '40, Injured In Vacation Plane Crash,
Sjiecialisf On Make-up
Dies; Companion Improving
Emmet Hamer, ME ’40, injured in an airplane crash during Thanksgiving vacation, died yesterday from injuries sustained in the crash. Only the day before he had been reported to be improving and out of danger. Hamer’s funeral will be held at the home of his mhther in West Liberty, Ohio, Friday morning. His companion in the crash, Mary Lincoln, is still in a serious state, but is expected to recover. In the beginning Miss Lincoln’s injuries were reported to be more serious than those of Hamer.
Problems of correct personal grooming were discussed yesterday afternoon at the WSGA-YWCA Charm School held yesterday by Mrs. Chariot Eldred, Detroit Regional Manager for Beauty Counselors. Mrs. Eldred’s subject was “Your Mirror Can Reveal Loveli-
By applying the principles of make-up and color harmony, Mrs. Eldred stated that even persons who are not naturally beautiful can become attractive. Personal interviews will he given by Mrs. Eldred today from 9 to 5 o’clock in the old Agriculturist office in the Union. Co-eds may sign up for appointments in that office. Anne Hey and Marjorie Baumgart will be in charge of conducting the interviews.
Decorations for the Union Formal will consist of a white backdrop in the center of which is a top hat, and cane, a cigarette holder and lighted cigarette, and other articles denoting sophistication of the formal affair. A blue border will be around the center articles. A color machine will throw a conglamoration of colors on the back drop producing kieidescopic effect. It has been announced that if more than 500 tickets are sold, Irv Maury and his orchestra will play in the Union Cafeteria. At the present time ticket sales indicate a strong possibility for this. Johnny “Scat” Davis and his entire show will play and entertain in the Union ballroom ^ scheduled. Tickets are on sale at the west desk of the Union.
Prof. E. J. Kohl
Demonstration
... of Diesel engine injection and flame formation was shown Monday in the main laboratory of the Mechanical Engineering building.
Mrs. Eldred, a graduate of LawHeywood School, Stamford, ^onn., studied art in Boston, Mass., at the School of Fine Arts Crafts and Decorative Design. She is now supervising the activities of approximately one thousand beauty counselors in the Middle West.
... of the biology department, will present a discussion on specialized print techniques, at the regular meeting tonight at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union. Members having prints on exhibit or anyone. interested in this type of photographic instruction are especially invited to attend.
voice choir, has long been prominent on the Broadway stage. She received great acclaim for her work as choral director of the late George Gershwin’s colored folk opera, “Porgy and Bess.” The evening’s program will cover the entire field of the Negro’s folk literature consisting of compositions for choral presentation. In addition the choir will present numbers from “Porgy and Bess,” and compositions from contemporary American Negro composers. Arrangements are by the well known Negro musicians, Burleigh, Still, Handy, Ellington, and Miss Jessye. Original Interpretations Among the numbers given their original interpretation by the Eve Jessye Choir are the modern classics: “Slimmer Time,” “It Ain’t Necessarily So,” and “I Got Plenty of Nothin’.” Each member of the choir is a soloist in his own right as well as a thoroughly trained musician, training that has coordinated them into a unit that presents the best of the deeply religious Negro music in a way that has stamped them as the outstanding choral group of their type on the American stage today. The Eve Jessye Choir has appeared on the Rudy Vallee, Ben Bernie, and the General Motors radio programs. The singers synchi'onized “Uncle Tom’s Cabin” for Universal Pictures, and have made short features for Paramount. They have also appeared with Lawrence Tibbett in the opei'a, “The Prodigal.”
Names In The News' Will Highlight 1939 Riveter's Rassle
“Names in the news” and movie characterizations will team up with beards and loud, gaudy styles and costumes at the >1939 Riveters’ Rassle, “greatest of , all Boilermaker brawls.” Sigma Delta Chi members, sponsors of the annual fun-fest which has become famous on this and othler campuses for its gay hilarity, decided Tuesday night on the new theme. Plenty of room is provided for ingenious, original, and colorful costumes, as well as the longloved Boilermaker beards. Dance Next Friday The Rassle is scheduled for nine o’clock until midnight on Friday, December 8, in the Union ballroom. Sigma Delta Chi, national profes-
sional journalistic honorary, will encourage the growth of beards for the dance by offering prizes for outstanding hairy countenances pre-. sented at the dance. Prizes will also be given for costumes.
Two bands will play for the affair. “Doc” Thrasher and his popular orchestra from the Indiana Union will play for dancers in the ballroom. Supplementing Thrasher during intermissions, and roaming the Union halls and Sweet Shop at other times, will be a real five-piece German band for merrymaking, dancing, and singing.
est and heaviest whiskers . . . and keep them . . . will pass- before judges at the Rassle and then be rewarded according to merit. Light . . . and fuzzy . . . whiskered individuals will get a crack at certain awards.
SDX journalists are already laying an ear to the ground for roaring rumors about unofficial activities of campus men and women, whether they be big or littl,e shots. Choicest of the inside d^pe on per-
dance the Exposer will combine humor with gossip in exposing campus socialites and executives. Roving cameramen are invited to submit choice candid camera shots to Sigma Delta Chi members or pledges. The best picture will receive a ticket rebate.
sonal lives will be included in the tattle-tale Exposer, tabloid publication distributed at the Rassle.
A super-ticket is being prepared for the dance, and will be priced at $1.99%. Tickets will go on sale this afterhoon, and will be carried by all Sigma Delta Chi pledges. Tickets will also be on sale at the Union desk, Deac’s, and Southworth’s.
Prizes For Beards Men who can push out the long-
Exposing Exposer Published on the evening of the
SDX members will select their own beauty queens, “4 Star Final” beauty winners, regardless of what
ideas Debris may have concerning campus pulchitrude. “This contest will be strictly on the up-and-up,” Sigma Delta Chi ipembers stated last night. Imitate Anyone New faces will grace the ballroom on the evening of December 8 . . . Lil Abner, Smilin’ Jac};:, Adolph Hitler, Daisy Mae, Chamberlain, the Dragon Lady, Burma, Mussolini, Little Orphan Annie, Goering, Donald Duck, FDR, Mr. and Mrs. Jiggs, Dewey, Andy Gump, E. C. Elliott, and the Wizard of Oz and the Tin Woodman will go hand in hand along the dance floor. Last year the theme was the Bowery" Brawl, this is what the Ex-
ponent said of the dance: “Political arguments, bars, kissing contests, (candy) and wild-eyed forms of student entertainment jammed the Union last night as bearded Boilermakers desported themselves at the Sigma Delta Chi Bowery Ball, highlight of the current social season. “Rouged wenches in short skirts danced with ugly bearded Bowery Boys, and the feminine aristocracy galloped around the floor with their tall-coated gentlemen friends.” This year the scene changes, fun is on the upgrade. Remember the date, December 8, lads^ and get a date for the greatest of all Boilermaker dances.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thuisdoy, November 30, 1939
But
Incidentally
“Twas the week before Christmas and all thru the house, Not a creature believed it, not even a mouse. The stockings were hung on the fireplace to wait, The president’s word on the holiday’s date.” sit * * We could go on with something like “Republicans twiddled their thumbs as they sat, and hoped that Saint Nick hadn’t turned Democrat”—^but we won’t. ♦ ♦ * Our lecture today deals with Christmas cards, kiddies. You don’t like to have to mail out a hatch of them each year, do you, kiddies ? And yet you feel like an old meanie if you don’t do it and then you get a whole gob of them, don’t you, kiddies ? 0. K., kiddies, we got your solution. * * ♦ This year instead of sending your friends cards, telegraph them one of our “Bits-0-Cheer> Sent With A Jeer”—^the last word in Holiday correspondence, and the freshest! After one of our delightful messages you will never be bothered with gobs of Christmas cards again. 'Or your money back. We will take this opportunity to acquaint you with the rank and file of odr texts (more rank than file) (and pretty “vile” at that). For “just friends” we can highly recommend our Number 7891%-Z: “We almost bought a gift for you. We looked for one—and hard. But then we realized you were Barely worth a card.” “MERRY CHRIS'fMAS” And then there’s our Number 0000-G, especially for sweethearts who are trying to avoid buying a gift:
Candidates
. . . on Progressive, Boilerifnaker, and unaffiliated tickets for Prom and Gala Week committee positions were announced yesterday in the Exponent. It is likely that party campaigns and back-slapping activities will be well under way by week’s end. Open campaigning, when contests of friendly rivalry prevail, can do no harm on any campus. When those campaigns become mudslinging contests, or large expense accounts are run up, they may defeat their own purpose. Purdue, however, has always had fairly clean pre-election campaigns. We do not believe that conditions will change this year. As in all elections. Exponent will side with no one party, and will attempt to give equal amounts of space to all parties. When party platforms are prepared, they will be published side by side in the Exponent. While no party stand will be taken by the newspaper, staff members may have-their own political ideas outside our office walls. Politics come each year ... we hope some clever and ori^nal ideas are brought forth by both parties during the days before elections. “I’d send you gifts, but all the world Cannot supply the wealth to show One millionth of my love for you— It’s getting thick, I’d better go.” NOEL! * si: * ^ These are only two of -the many, many verses -we have on tap. Go home and brew over them. Then hopover to us with any problem you may have and let us see what ale’s ’er. If she’s not too tough we’ll liquor. ^ sK * We don’t know foam nothing. •Is sis s|c Whoa Donner, whoa Dixen, whoa Kiddies.
Purdu* Exponent
B. B. Iiul*
SnlUi. Anaincaa Uaaaxcr D. G. T«rrl(i...„._.„ Bdltorial Direetor G. W. Frederick. JUeiutKiiiar Editor B. Ifi. AntoBin] Senior Adrertfailns BUnsKec G. BeUlliiv —Co-ed Editor B. Jenklna ....... Sp'orta EMtior Pfconciit Editorial, dOOS: Bnrinaaa, 6088:
Sporti, 2798
Fnbllehied dallr except Monday dnrinjr the academic year. Entered ae second class BMttsr at the iwst office in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the Act ef Consress of March t, 1879, and at tilie special rate of postage-pro-Tided for in Section 1108, Act of Oetobw 8, 1917, aathoriaad Jannary 20, 198A HBPRESBNTBD for national ADVBRTISIN<I BV National AdvertisingService, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New -yoHK. N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTOH - LOS ANCKLCS • SAS FAANCISCO All nnsisned editorials are written by the Editorial Director. DeliTered by carrier, $8 per academic year; by man, $8.60. Bnsinus office located at 812 N. ffiftb Street; editorial office. Union BnOdins; sporte office. Field Hons*Night Editor .McKee Issue Editor ....Sidwell
ANNOUNCEMENT... . . . THE DEBRIS BEAUTY CONTEST will be held this Saturday and we were given to understand that it would be something new and different . . . the judges will be totally impartial. An added attraction to the event will be the presence of the famous cartoonist, Zack Mosley, the man that has be-
HiS DOCTOR’S OATH against HIS CONVICT’S CODE!
^ / ’^sOne commanded him to heal! The oFher forbade him to squeal! ESEYmUS WALTER CONNOLLY ONSLOW STEVENS • IRIS MEREDITH MAitS
come endeared to the hearts of all Purdue eds with his little “De-icers” ... of course, he may not get here. —B & B— ' ... if the DEBRIS could only land the creator of “Terry and the Pirates.” —B&B— LATE ENTRIES .. . ... in the BEAUTY CONTEST include Tom Cherrington, Beta Theta Pi, who was formerly Miss Atlantic City, 1912. .. and Miss Gypsy Rose Benson, Sig Ep that was named Miss Calamity in 1929. —B & B— THERE ARE SOME DELTA GAMMAS AT PURDUE .. . ... News has reached us that a
MARIJUANA Destroyer of Youth!
LUMA
.,*6 8W01TS
Today - Friday - Saturday —2 First Run Hits-—
DOWN ON FAKE
Dope Weeds that Bring a Lifetime of Regret! ADULTS ONLY ALL SEATS —35c Midnight Shows Only TONITE—FRI.—SAT.
MaiiI
number of fraternity songs will have to be revised as we now have a Delta Gamma chapter on the campqs. CONGRATULATIONS to the Pedailions and adios , . . to the . D. G.’s we say HELLO. It gives more competition in sorority rush next year . . . Purdue grows on. ' _B&B— Sociology Classes . . . . are really getting interesting when Thelttiai Jane Cox spends her class time manicuring the delicate fingernails pf footballer Vyverberg. The next step in winning her man is to write KAT on the part of his pants that is invisible when approached from the front . . . yea, man! —B & B— HERE KITTY... ... In our aimless wanderings thruout the Union yesterday, we noticed the picture in the upstairs hall. The pictures themselves are probrably works of art, but the thing that struck our fancy was the arrangement of the pictures . . . we noticed five girls and one cat on a panel ... Meow! —B & B— PROM ELECTIONS ... ... now that the time has come for a few people on the campus to be nice to everyone else (we are speaking of politics) your Bold and Black editor is going to go into a huddle and choose a Prom Committee. We will publish our committee members later, along with our policies, band, place, and date ... notice we said nothing about our profits, either. —B & B— UNSHAVEN FACES ... . . . should soon be appearing on the campus with the “BRAWL” just 10 days off. Freshmen will be permitted to buy their hair grower (one bottle only) by obtaining written permission from this Dept.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
nt'Rifjeii SUND0Wfi js FRUIRir
— AND — "WITHIN THE LAW" — WITH — PAUL KELLY RUTH HUSSEY —ALSO — ZORO'S FIGHTING LEGION
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
of
Jeffrey LYNN • George BANCROFT — PLUS —
EXTRA! Artie Shaw's Orchestra
17,'b. rai.
\t-ZO
Li
‘Another plan ? I’ve given you five military secrets already,. Nadya—what in the world do you do with them ?”
DIFFERENCE OF OPINION ... ... The optimist gets out of bed in the morning, runs to the window, looks outside and says, “Good morning, God.” The pessimist gets out of bed in the morning, drags himself to the window and says, “Good God! It’s morning.”
FACULTY MEMBERS Dr. Charles A. Beard will address a special meeting of the Faculty, to be held on Monday, December 4, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is desired. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT,
ONE DAY ONLY SAT , DEC. 9 MATINEE AND NIGHT
The Outstanding Broadway Success!
TAYLOR HOLMES and a Superb Broadway Cast including BRANDON PETERS-TOMMY LEWIS • WILMA FRANCIS "The best camedy Vve seen in years^’—-GEO. M. COHAN Box Office Open Daily 11:00 A. M. to 9:00 P. M. A H M Matinee --$.55 - $.83 - $1.10 - $1.65 Al/n . Night - -$.83 - $1.10 - $1.65 - $2.00 - $2.50
All SEATS RESERVED—Phone 7903
A STORY OF THE WILD DAYS. ..When men were men and maids were made...for lovei
Who dares stand between this man-devil with his ruthless ambition, his murderous greed ...and the gold he covets?
//»->
u
OHARA
He had an eye for beautiful things y particularly beautiful young things! —TODAY - FRI. - SAT.— urnnanui ffi
> / ti* a ;■ r" “i?
I
Thursday, November 30, 1939
^xfuHumL fiiuiJL
Purdue B^nd Outsteps And Outplays Highly Touted Crimson Band By Joe Dolan ^ Last Saturday Purdue played Indiana in a football contest (startling statement), and won. Boilermaker followers cheered for a lusty few minutes and then hit out for i^he high (or low) spots to celebrate the victory^ to celebrate one-half of the victory, because the other half of the victory had been forgotten by all except those who know the whys and where-fors of the Purdue band's victory over the much publicized Indiana musicians, whose 180 step marching appeared to this writer to suddenly turn into a track meet—and then into a European minority party’s ]riot. Let’s look at the Phrdue picture. We hear of coaches moaning mi \ mm i i —
about a star halfback^s injured knee that will keep the back on the timber for the coming Saturday’s fray, but we seldom (if ever) hear of the band director’s plight as he makes ready his musicians for their short appearance at the half and before the fracas starts. And one leader we never hear complain is our own “Spots” Emrick and his little drill Sargeant, “Shorty” Purchla. There is two fine men for ya, two who have the patience of Job; we imagine Job would have had kittens if he had been in charge of the pre-Indi-ana drills. Drill In Mud Three days before the Indiana game the band, and the rest of the students went home. The band reijjud ojiu:; oij aaijui s^up oa\4 paujtn:^ in the Lafayette Christmas celebration in a slow drizzle Friday afternoon. But that wasn’t enough prac-
tice for “Spots,” because weather indications showed that the I. U. field, might be slippery the following day, so Coach Emrick called a wet drill. Now a band director just can’t change his lads to mud cleats like grid coaches do. “Spots” is the first band director we’ve ever seen or heard of trying to convert his musicians into mud-rimners, and a swell job he did of it, too. Purchla In Tall Rubbers. We were out on the varsity practice field last Friday night to see that mud-marching practice, and quite a sight it was, especially when one realized that the efforts of the Purdue Band to defeat Indiana was as extensive as the gridder’s. It was raining pitch iPSrks and nigger babies, drum heads were screaming for mercy (that they did not get), glockenspiels were reeeiv-
Formal Season Is Open
The Union Formal is the next dance that will call for flowers. Place your order now and receive the best.
Corsages styled by artists.
635 Main St.
Luna Theatre Bldg. Phones 7955 - 8050
SMART NEW FALL 1-2 TROUSER SUITS Fine worsteds that retain shape and hold a press. Rough tweeds in three-button Hollywood drape models.
.75
$22
Purchased months ago before the price rise. Lowest prices we've offered in years for this quality. NEW FALL HATS
$J.95 _ $2-95 _ $2
.50
KING THE CLOTHIER
LAFAYETTE, IND.
ing their initial crack at playing while dripping, and Smiling Sargeant Purchla was winding his way through the ranks of the marching 160 clad in rubber knee boots, but marking time as well as he does normally and making the mud-cov-ered musicians do likewise. But there was no complaining, and these guys in oUr band afe human to a certain extent. There was co-operation to the last man on that mud-covered field the night before the Indiana'game, and that same cooperation was present on the I. U. grid just eighteen hours later, at which time the Purdue band so humiliated the Indiana band that I heard many of the girls of the Indiana drum and bugle corps mutter, “and they say engineers are only introverts.” Girls Had Grit Another bit of admiratioji we have for a certain section of the band goes to the feminine side of the picture, the majorettes, Eleanor Poor and Barbara Lommen. Those two kids had the toughest job in the Bloomington battle with the I. U. band, because of the difficult task of keeping those batons of theirs doing dipsy-doodles in cold weather, and bare, frozen handed at that. And the girls didn’t complain, either; kinda queer for their sex, but that’s the spirit in the Purdue band. All-in-all, Indiana’s band, compared to the Boilermaker outfit, was like a bunch of Boy Scouts compared to Italy’s legion’s on parade. But Purdue’s marching and playing perfection wasn’t acquired in a night or a week of nights. It has practiced just as much as the football team did and just a little bit longer. This year Indiana's band was sent to New York for the Hoosiers’ game with Fordham, and last year the Hoosier band was sent to Boston for the Indiana-Boston U. contest. This year, following the Indiana-Fordham game, the entire northeastern seaboard echoed with praise for the Indiana band because of its performance at the Polo Grounds during the half time of the I. U.-Fordham game. And those same people of Manhattan have been howling for years to see the famous Purdue band. Next Season Purdue plays Fordham next season. The Gold and Black band improves each semester and will be better next year. Wouldn’t it be delightful to have the Easterners open-mouthed at something the
Clevefl Issues Call For Squash Players Issuing a call for freshman squash enthusiasts last night. Chief Clevett said, “Squash rackets is a racket game played 6 months of the year and is fast becoming popular in all sections of the country.” FresTimen interested in the game should report to room 106 in the Fieldhouse at 7:30 tonight. Tennis and handball players are especially invited to see whether they would like this sport. Featuring plenty of fast action, squash does not cost a great deal to play, and can be played
at odd moments.
Last year the University team ■ competed in twenty matches and completed a successful eastern trip. About eighteen matches are scheduled for this season with the first one being against the officers team of Peterson Field at Dayton, Ohio. The interfraternity squash ^tournament is slated to begin this Saturday. Reserving the squash courts in the west end of the gym is ^one in a manner similar to reserving the tennis courts by signing a list in the Fieldhouse locker room. Greek Squash Tourney Will Begin Tomorrow Entry blanks for the fraternity squash tournament are due in the Intramural office not later than tomorrow. As soon as the entry blanks are turned in, practice schedules will be issued. Each fraternity must select a three-man team to compete in the tournament. In addition, practices for the freshman squash team began last week. All freshmen__aspiring to the squash team may report to the Fieldhouse any afternoon this week.
iuJdtthL ChoksL By Robert J. Deckard Well, it’s cleaning-up time . . . 1939’s regular football schedule is over ... Only a few post-season affairs remain on tap for this year . . . But today FC starts its clean-ing-up business anyway. —^fc—
Middle West has, instead of having us green Hoosiers open-mouthed at their tall buildings. Fordham Trip, Maybe! That Fordham trip has possibilities, because the Purdue band at present has no scheduled trips for next year with Indiana here and Northwestern not carded. Ah, yes, it has possibilities!
NEW ADULT BALLROOM BEGINNER’S GLASS OPENS WEDNESDAY, DEC, 6th, 7:30 P. M. In ten easy enjoyable lessons you will learn to dance the waltz, and the fast and slow fox trot. ^ No lessons given during holiday vacation. All classes are under the direction of P. M. Allen, National Dance Authority.
ALLEN’S
6fh dr Ferry
As is customary following each season, sports writers and news reel reporters present their usual conference All-America outfit ... So here goes FC on the Big Ten conference All-Star team: Esco Saarkinen; Ohio State End Win Pedersen, Minnesota . .Tackle Frank Bykowski, Purdue Guard John Haman, Northwestern Center Hal Method, Northwestern Guard Mike Enich, Iowa Tackle Dave Rankin, Purdue End Don Scott, Ohio State Quarter Niles Kinnick, Iowa . . ..Half Tom Harmon, Michigan. „... .Half Jim Langhurst, Ohio State .. Full
_fc_
Of course, there is always the football ranking business to be cleared up after football goes back to sack and moth balls . . . With your permission, here is another chance on the rotten “limb.” Southern California’s potential power both defensively and offensively attracts FC’s attention as the top team of the nation . . . Right behind it comes Texks A. and M., Tennessee, Cornell, all bunched together for spot two . - . Missouri follows in fifth place, while Duquesne, Duke, Iowa, and Notre Dame follow along behind, Holy Cross pulling up in post ten.
—^fc—
Then in a big hurry come Ohio State, Clemson, Nebraska, UCLA, Michigan, Georgetown, North Carolina, Santa Clara, Oklahoma, Kentucky, and Georgia Tech.
—^fc—
So what? Tankmen To Meet Ft. WayneSaturday Suffering severely from ineligibilities, the Boilermaker swimming team will inaugurate its season by facing a team from the Ft. Wayne Y. M. C A. next Saturday at 7:30 in the Fieldhouse pool in a dual
meet.
Coach Dick Papenguth is depending largely upon sophomores, but is expecting considerable success in spite of the inexperience of the performers. This meet will give the Riveter mermen their first opportunity to test their strength against an outside team. Several weeks ago the varsity men proved their superiority' to the strong freshman team by taking first place in five out of the nine events.
IN All-Star Board. Selects Grid Team Compiling the choices of all ward and fraternity athletic managers for the most outstanding performers in the intramural toucbball leagues, the All-Star Board has selected an All-Star team. Linemen who were chosen for the team are: K. E. Delp, Ward 3; P. A. Smithson, Alpha Sigma Phi; H. W. Soderstrom, Sigma Phi Epsilon; J. A. Emmert, Cary Hall 10; W. W. Ellsworth, Pi Kappa Alpha; P. W. Lindecker, Cary Hall 4; O. Grab, Theta Chi; R. P. Lant, Cary Hall 8. Backfield men selected as AllStars are: J. Vernon, Theta Chi; B. L. Fisher, Phi Kappa Tau; R. A. Stapleton, Alpha Tau Omega; W. E. Dryden, Ward 11; A. E. Evers, Phi Kappa Sigma; H.” Deutman, Sigma Chi. Awards Presented To WAA Members Following a “chili supper” awards and numerals were presented to WAA members last Tuesday evening at the fall Sports Spread held at the WAA cabin. Ruth Swift, a junior, who has earned the required 1,000 points, was presented with a “P” monogram. The following freshman girls who have earned their 100 points in field hockey were presented with “43” numerals: Doris Bower, Ruth Walker, Stanis Stroy, Gail Hennis, Lois'Schwandt, _ Shirley Emhoff, Barbara Ford, Jean Steigerwald, Helen McCabe, Annette Dawson, and Janet Russel. Sportswomen, senior women's honorary, presented WAA with a plaque to be hung in the WAA cabin as a trophy. Miss Helen Hazelton, head of the Women’s Physical Education Department, was presented with a “P” monogram, and was made an honorary member of Sportswomen. TTswa. Intramural rifiery practice is held every evening from six to nine o’clock in the basement of the Women’s Gsrm. The Rifiery Match, with sororities and Wards competing for a trophy, will begin December 7. —WAA— The Intramural Bowling Tournament is progressing in fine shape with three and four teams bowling each evening. The Memorial Union IS working in conjimction with WAA to make this contest possible.
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—Smithson 7 00—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 7 15—Phi Gamma Delta vs Beta Sigma Psi. 8 16—Theta Tau vs Alpha Sigma Phi. Court 2—^Aronson. 7 00—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Delta Chi 7 16—Delta Tau Delta vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 8 15—Sigma Chi vs. Phi Delta Theta 8 30—Delta Upsilon vs Faculty Court 3—Rechenbach 7 00—^Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta Chi. 7 15—Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 8 16—^Tau Epsilon Phi vs Sigma Pi 8 30—Phi Kappa vs. Alpha Chi Rho.
Don’t Let Your
Spirit Lag
In the short per/iod between the football and basketball seasons keep up the old Boilermaker spirit. We had a great football season and are planning for even greater success in basketball.
Peter Anderson Garage 525 Alabama Phone 4048 24 Hour Service After You Wo Come Pint
" A IBrowsing Rooms “Traveling Library” will become a reality today when the eighty books recently ordered by the Student Union are distributed from the Reception room of the Union this evening at 4:30 o’clock. Eight organized houses including Kappa Kappa Gamma, Kappa Alpha Theta, Thaeles, Sigma Nu, Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Ghi Rho, Theta Tau, and Beta Theta Pi will form the test gi'oup that is to function until the end of the semester. Providing the test proves satisfactory and worth while, at the beginning of the second semester the Union will order enough books to accommodate all houses that are interested in the project. The books will be left_in the houses for a period of two or three weeks, and then using the Union as a clearing house they will be redistributed. Most of the books are fiction and are intended to provide light reading for the students in their leisure hours. The project is sponsored by the Browsing room, under the direction of Paul L. Hamman, Union vice president. Hamman urges librarians from the houses in the test to obtain their boO'ks today.
Wilson, Barmes Talk Af WSGA Meeting
Another meeting of the' ,WSGA sophomore training school will be held today at 4 o’clock in room C of the Union. Mariana Wilson, in charge of WSGA elections, will discuss the work of her committee. Libby Barmes will speak on the organization’s freshman orientation pi’ogram, and Margaret Saurer will explain the system used for transfer students. Because of a conflict with the WSGA Charm School meeting yesterday, both groups regularly attending the training school on Wednesday and Friday afternoons will be combined in today’s meeting.
YWCA To Give Services For New Members Today
Recognition services for new members of YWCA will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union: These services are held once a year following the fall membership drive. Approximately one hundred and fifty new members will be installed. Members of the Advisory Board, including women faculty members and YWCA Officials from Lafayette, have been invited to attend the ceremony. Catherine Cooley, president of the organization, and Mary Ellen Scarff, membership chairman, will conduct the candlelight services.
Fraternity Debaters Postponed A Week
Interfraternity discussions originally scheduled to stai't this week have been postponed until Tuesday,
December 6, at 8 o’clock. After this practice discussion, judged contests will be held regularly each Tuesday night at various fraternity houses. Approximately 180 students representing 87 organizations are entered in the contest. Students entered in the contest desiring to know how the discussions are to be conducted are asked to attend a discussion between Purdue and Northwestern Saturday, December 2, at 1:16 p. m. in Fowler Hall. The method of presentation will be similar to that used in the coming contest.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Tjrpewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines; as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. P. Ebershoff, 606. Main street.
FOR SALE—1933 Ford with radio. Yours for a reasonable cash offer. G. E. Ferguson. Phone 2632.
FOR SALE—L. C. Smith typewriter, factory rebuilt: excellent condition; $30. 611 Dodge. Phone 36484. V ’
MISCELLANEOUS BOARD for staff members: Swedish home cooking in private family. Call 66863.
LOST AND FOUND FOUND: On Intramural Field, a chain with two keys, initials R. E. S. Call at room 102 Civil Engineering Building. .
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p.
Ceres: Formal initiation Thursday, November, 30, 4:00 p. m. at A,g. Hall. Attendance of pledges and actives requested. —NICKEY.
ARC
STARTING TODAY - FRI. - SAT. FOR 12 WEEKS
DOH'T MISS A CHAPTER!
UlilfPIQ HEAOLOMO INTO AOTtON! m
zomo's FlOHTIIfe LEOION
REED SHEILA HADLEY DARCY
DOUBLE FEATURE DAILY
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST ]]9Vz Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• jewelers
• Florists
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
THE PURDUE hXPONENT
Thursday, November 30, 1939 (^ ' ,,
Table Tennis: All students interested in table tennis report to table tennis room in field house, Saturday, December 2, at 2:00 p.m. —DARMER.
members in the Reception Room of the Union. —SHICKLE.
transportation to the initiation be at the entrance before 6 :S0. —BEXLEY.
Debris Salesmen: Important business meeting Thui-sday, November 30, 4 :00 p. m. in Debris office. Sales books will be reissued. —McCLEAN.
Pistol Group: The sixth and last novice pistol group will start firing Tuesday December 6. i —HOLMES. ,
Omicron Nu: Business meeting, Thursday, November 30, Home Economics Building, room 107, at 4:00 p. m. —HOKWITZ.
Roger Williams Club: Annual Thanksgiving picnic at Big Rock on' the Tippecanoe, Saturday, December 2. Meet at 2 o'clock at the West Lafayette BapHst Church. Transportation free. 26c for supper. —SWANSON.
Gimlet Pledges: Important meeting Monday night,' December 4, at Delta Tau Delta house after the freshman-varsity hasketball game, •—^FBAZEE,
Marriage Course Committee: Student members meet in Union, 4 p. m. Thursday, November 30. Incfuire at desk for room. —HALL.
Union Sophoihores: Browsing* Room Staff win please meet in the Reception Room across from West Desk as soon as possible after 3 o’clock on Thursday, November 80. —HAMMAN.
Dolphin Members and Pledges: The Dolphin-Triton Swim has. been postpon^ until 8:00 p. m. Tuesday, December 6, 1939. at the Women’s pool. No swim Thursday. —OBENCHAIN.
ME 90: Bring slide rules to class Wednesday, November 29, 11 a. m. —CLARK.
Military Students: War Department Training Film, “Infantry Hasty Field Fortifications,’’ will be shown Thursday and . Friday, November 30 and December 1, at 4:00 p. m.. Room 104 of the Armory. This film is shown in connection with the course in tactics. Attendance optional. —THOMPSON.
Wonten’s Club: Due to convocation Thursday, November 30, the meeting of the drama section has been postponed until Thursday, December 14. _ . —MUNRO.
Exponent Staff: There will be a meeting of all elected members Of the Exponent staff Thursday, November 80, at 4 p. m. in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station. —INSLEY.
P. S. A.: Meeting Friday, December 1, 7:30, Reception Room, Union, to hear Dr. Beard. Please attend. —-DUNSHEE.
Sigma Delta Chi: Actives and pledges meet Thursday, November 80, in PIA Office at 7:30 p. m. Tickets for dance will be distributed. Important that all members be present. —TERRIO.
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, November 80, in Reception rooih of l3»e Union. Bring flight dues. —^MILLER.
Triton Club: Aquacade practice Thursday, November 29, at/7:16;p. m. in Women’s Pool. —SPEARS.
Alpha Phi Omega: All members and pledges meet at Police Headquarters, Thursday, November 30, at 7 :30 p. m. for fingerprint instruction. Compulsory. —YATES.
Agriculture Education Society: Regular meeting Thursday, November 28, at 7:80 p. m. in room 201 of Education building. Marshall Vogler, state AAA administrator, will speak. —WHITHAM.
A. I. Ch. E.: Membership cards and student chapter bulletins may be obtained in Professor Shreve’s office. (12-4) —MEYERS.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting in the English Building, room 111, on Friday, December 1, at 4:30 p, m. Everybody, is invited to attend. At 8 o’clock the same day Dr. C. A. Beard will address Cosmo
Reamer Pledges: Turn Rs in at the reg-, ular sing Friday morning. Bring history manuscripts to Heavilon Hall Saturday, December 2, at 6:30 p. m. Be prepared according to instructions given at the last meeting. —RBILEY.
Riding Club: There will be a meeting Thyrsday, November 80, at 7:80 p. m. in the Union. Please bring 76 cents for Debris pictures. A ne'w rule for attendance has been made. In order to remain a member one must attend at least four meetings a semester. —MEYER.
Reamer Actives: Cars will leavq. the east entrance of the Union as late as 6:30 p. m. Saturday, December 2. All those who want
Wesley Foundation: The Wesley Foundation will hold its second roller skating party on Saturday evening, December 2. Games will begin at. the Foundation at 8:30, followed by refreshments. Tickets are 26 cents but will be free to .all who bring cars.
HE GETS "AROUND
rr
He's no Robert- Taylor, perhaps, but you can be sure that there are mighty few feminine hearts that aren't all fluttery about him just the same!
HIS SECRET He knows the value of smart, personal appearance. For one thing . . . he only wears "Dated Laundered Shirts." They're the shirts that are laundered so carefully that Crown Laundry can afford to make a one year guarantee on them . . . provided they're laundered by Crown Laundry exclusively.
hmm'i
F"! W E C L E AN E R S OF FINE CLOTHES
Why Auction?
Just Advertise
in the
Purdue Exponent
Those wishing to go should sign at the Foundation House, 436 State St. as soon as pc^ssible. —^HARRIS.
Sophomore Union Workers: Stage for the beauty contest rehearsal must be set by 7 p. m. Thursday, Nov. 80. The following be in the ballroom at 1 p. m.: Hepburn, Graf, Keefer, Peterson, Cherrington, Hossellman, Mayfield, and Evans. —BRODD.
Lutheran Students: A meeting of the L. S. A. will be held in the old. Agriculturist office in the Union at 7:16 p. m., Thursday, November '80. —HALL.
Dolphin Pledges: Initiation fees must be paid to me before Friday, December 1. —COLBY.
CE 6 Students: Examination for the removal of C or I grades in Surveying (CE 6) will be given on Saturday, December 2. Students may obtain permits in Room 102, Civil Engineering building. —LOMMEL.
ASME Juniors and Sopnomores: Those interested in an inspection trip through the Aluminum Co. and Ross Gear Co. Thursday afternoon, November 80, please sign up' in Prof. Cope’s office. Group will be limited to 20. —VOYLBS.
Britidi OS the King^s Quard!
M.ade as in England on machinery imported /rom England . .. their neat, refined appearance and their snug ankle fit, give them snap and character.
35c 3 pair $L00
?o-
One of the Greatest Values ever offered at
Over a MILLION of this Popular Perfect l^l^tting Knit Rayon Slip Sold
• Won't Twist • Won't Shrink • Won't Sag
• Double Bra-Top
• Full Length Shadow Panel
• Smooth No-rip
Seams
• Needs No Ironing
• Short and Standard Lengths
ha
THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
622-626 M{^in St,