t. /
Purdue
Z-WI
Volume 5L No. 78
Exponent
Late News Flashes • British Cruisers Engaged in Day-Long Battle Montevideo, Uruguay, Dec. 13—^British cruisers, in a day-long naval battle, held the German pocket cruiser Admiral Scheer within the harbor here and reported that the ship was hit “repeatedly.” The German legation here denied the report, but Britisli communiques stated that the ship was seeking to withdraw into the River Platt. The battle originated 60 miles of? shore. • League Moves To Expel I Russia Geneva, December 13—^While news of two tremendous drives by Russia in an effort to cut Finland in two, and of fierce counter attacks by the Finns were reported today, a League of Nations sub-committee, composed of Great Britain, France, Sweden, Portugal, and Bolivia, drafted recommendations to the assembly for the expulsion of Russia from the League. According to League procedure, the recommendations will be voted upon by the assembly and then presented to the council, or governing body, for the final decision. Only a majority vote is required of the assembly, but imanimous approval of the council is necessary. • Bremen Reaches Home Port Berlin, December 13—Outwitting the British navy for the second^time. Commodore Adolf Ahrens sailed the $20,000,000 luxury liner, Bremen, into her home port today. The Bremen was escorted down the North Sea from Murmansk, Russia, where she was sailed from New York at the outbreak of the war, by airplanes which thwarted a submarine attack upon the 61,731 ton liner. • Soviet Losses Hit 22,000 Mark Stockholm, December 13—Unofficial reports from the Swedish frontier today estimated Russian casualties at 22,000 in the Finnish war to date. The same sources put Finnish losses at 1,200 and stated that 1,800 Russian prisoners had been taken and 144 tanks destroyed. • British Inaugurate "Security Patrol" London, December 13—^Instigating a new aerial “security patrol,” the British air force maintained a continuous patrol throughout the night over the aircraft and mine-laying bases in Hegoland bay.
Boilermakers Will Meet Maroons Here In 1940 For the first time in a number of years. Boilermaker football fans will be able to see the Riveter grid squad in four out of its scheduled eight grid battles. The University of Chicago athletic authorities haVe agreed to transfer the site of next fall’s Boilermaker-Maroon clash,^scheduled for October 19, to RossAde Stadium. The transfer of this game will materially strengthen the Riveter’s home schedule, giving the Boilermakers four home games, including three Big Ten encounters.
Arranged By Kizer
Announcement of this shift in scenes came as the result of negotiations launched by Noble Kizer, Riveter athletic director, with T. N. Metcalf, Chicago director. Metcalf notified the Boilermaker head Tuesday that the Maroon officials had approved the requested transfer. This change in the game site will mark the first time in 22 years that a Maroon eleven has appeared in Ross-Ade Stadium. A Chicago team last played here in 1918. Long Series Ranking as one of the oldest se-
lies in the Western Conference, the Boilermaker - Maroon series was launched back in 1892 and has always held a warm spot in the hearts of Riveter followers although the Maroons for years held the upper
hand.
Next fall will mark the 43rd renewal of the series that made the headline “Stagg Fears Purdue” famous from coast to coast. Although Purdue has held the upper hand in recent years, Chicago ^till holds a big edge in the all-time series with 27 victories to 14 for the Boilermakers and one tie.
College Students Express Opinion. That U. S. Can Stay Out Of War By Joe Beldin student Opinion Surveys of America With Europe’s war now entering its fourth month of existence, American college students, in a national poll conducted by the Student Opinion Surveys of America, have registered a highly optimistic view that the United States can stay out of the conflict. Also, hand-in-hand with the nation’s apparent determination not to be involved, a slight majority of the collegians have voted in favor of requiring a referendum of the people before Congress could draft men to fight abroad. These are the latest findings of
the Student Opinion Surveys, which weekly report campus sentiment for the Exponent and the other leading college newspapers of the nation. These polls are all taken by means of a carefully-selected cross section that extends from Main to California, Washington to Florida. To the question, “Do you believe the United States can stay out of tlie present European War?” students answered: Yes 68 per cent No 32 per cent Pure Specidation Although this issue is pure speculation, it is important to know this opinion in order to get an insight into the war patterns of the average college youth’s mind. The rank and file of voters is not so sure that' the U. S. can steer clear, for in other polls only 64 per cent have held
this view. It will be of interest to note in subsequent surveys the effect here of the Russian attack on Finland, since these polls were made before the Red Army began its activities. Sectional Vote Section-by-section votes in the student poll were: Believing the U. S. can stay out of war—New England, 61 per cent; Middle Atlantic, 70; East Central, fi6; West Central, 70; South, 70; Far West. 64. “Should the Constitution be changed to require a national vote of the people,before Congress could draft men to fight overseas ?” interviews for the Surveys asked hundreds of students. They divided almost evenly, only 63 per cent approving. (Continued on page 2)
Thursday^ December 14. 1339 Boilermakers Down Titan Squad 43-19; Defensive Play Brilliant Univenily Choirs ^ Learf RiVeters ToSilHlChtisIlMS CahhanLeadsDetr^tSconngWrthlOPoints ■ ^ By Roue Jenkins, Exponent Sports Editor Oil much snappier Boilermaker basketball team took the floor against the Detroit Titans at tJIvI I vll mIIHIIIu f the Fieldhouse last night, and re-entered the victory column by trouncing the visitors decisively. Under the direction of Al Stew- 43-19. It wasn’t a short team stymied by a taller quintet last night, but an alert, speedy, sharpart, the two hundred and twenty- shooting five which outplayed the veteran Detroit team throughout the game, five members of the University i -r. .i , choirs will present the third relig- Defensive play for the Boilermakers was as excellent as the offensive. Not a Detroit basket ious convocation of the year Sun- went through the loop in the first half, in which the Titans were able to score only seven points day, December 17,. in Fowler Hall. i — to 16 for Purdue. Because of the large crowd which iirri Caliban, Tiemey Leaders was turned away last year at a sim- If ^1" || vOmPIGivS I luliS Caliban, famed Detroit pivot man, led the scoring for the eveilar performance, there -will be two " + j ai. hj- t performances given, at 4:30 and at r T-fi iLl I ^mg, making two baskets and half a dozen free throws. bOckey 8:00 p. m. ("Qy Tiemey, sophomore guard, paced the Riveters with nine points. The cantata will open with carol making four baskets and a free throw, with Fisher a close secsinging by the audience, and a chor- CnnnrikCt Af II M goals and a charity toss. Beretta and al procession, “Hark, the Herald vUflyiGjS AI Ua Ul rli Yeager also made two baskets each for the Gold and Black. Angels Sing.” Immediately following the singing, the choral members Celebrating its 16th anniversary Fifteen Boilermakers participated in the game, nine of them will present, “The Story of Christ- this year, the National Student Fed- contributing to the Scoring, while the Titan mentor used 14 mas,” a cantata by Alexander Mat- eration of America is completing players, five of whom scored. Much more accurate were the annual congress to be Boilermakers in their basket attempts against the Titans. ApKneeling before a candle-lighted held at the University of Mmne- «j.QxiTnatelv-25 ner cent of their shots were ffood while sliffhtlv altar, the concert choir in gold satin December 27 to 31. Last year Proximateir per cent Ot their Shots Were good. While Slightly robes, will serve as a nucleus for *he convention was held here under more than 10 per cent went m for the Visitors, the story of the birth of Christ. Be- auspices of the Student Senate. —— i Titans Miss Shots sides a brass quartet, the Univeraity ^erb Fishburn, president of the T |J I Tierney, Igney, Fisher and YeagOrchestra will portray familiar Senate, and Ralph Reiley, member riOIICll VV III IrlSCUSS started the Boilermakers out characters of the Christmas story executive board, vdll repre- with five baskets in the first half. sent the University at the conven- 11 I <■ ■ < Twenty-four shots were attempted Soloists For Cantata Both are members of the AipilDliC wnGIfllSfry Titans without effect. CaliSolists for the cantata will be: NSFA executive committee. Fish- han’^ six charity throws and anAlberta Schmadel, Marjorie Wil- burn as one of the three national Ml 4" other by Lundgren gave them their liamson, Elmer Carlquist, Marvin delegates at large, and Reiley as re- dGiOi G riGGlIliM total of seven points. Smith, Robert Stanley, Herold gional chairman. The tall Detroit center started Schultze, and Mary Johnston. Al- Promotion of student-faculty re- Dr. P. K. Frolich, director of lab- the scoring with a free throw, but bert Schnaible, organist; Rosemary lations will be the main topic of oratories for the Standard Oil Com- another by Fisher tied the score. Robinson, celesta, and Jeanne Mil- round table discussions by students pany, will speak before the Univer- Igney sank a basket and Caliban ler, harpist, will accompany the from colleges and tmiversities all sity section of the American Chem- dropped in three more free throws choir. over the country. ical Society tonight at 7:30 in the to put Detroit ahead 4-3. That was lecture room of Coulter Hall. He the last time they led. ^jg^ugg “Receut Progress in Al- Fisher made three consecutive ^ I A I 1A / JL *£.M. phatic Hydrocarbon Chemistry.” free throws, and added a field goal. ^^S3iJISr jl\FllflGCl TT ftfl SttS^ Dr. Frolich was bom m Kristian- Caress made a free throw, and Tier\A/:H Ax 1^1 A received the B. S. degree from the basket to put the Boilermakers tT ffl fvGIOTl jtAl MMJtA Y USG ^^3HICG Norway institute of Technology and ahead 13-4. Two more free throws then came to the Massachusetts In- , Calihan and one by Lundgren “Santa Claus is coming to town” g^itute of Technology on a fellow- ®aded the scoring for Detroit, but tomorow night for the PIA semi- g Ff A Ail 1* ship. He received his M. S. and Tierney cancelled the last three formal Christmas dance. Approxi- jf3t0 I jA NGGIIIIQ Ph.D. there and in 1927 becariie an ^i^h a basket and a free mately 500 couples are expected to ^ Associate Professor. In 1929 he *brow. meet the bewhiskered old gent, who T. ^Willi *be Standard Oil Develop- Scoreless 8 Minutes will present appropriate gifts to vlUjV llllldy f ¥ IIIl ment company as a research ^hem- It wasn’t until after eight minmembers of the PIA board and ^ 1% | worked up until 1936 when of the second half that the chaperons. illCfllCCIAII Rv RAflf became director of the chemical Titans were able to make a basket. Those of you eds or co-eds who I#!" U'VLIV laboratories for this company. Caliban’s pivot shot turning the would like to give your date a gift Discussion on “Low-Income Farm Author of many papers on hydro- added another may tiptoe up to the PIA office. Families as Community and Nation- carbon chemistry, applied colloid seconds later, gently lay the package down, and al Problem” will end the Indiana chemistry, and the utilization of ^ ^ rst seven niinutes of that sneak away. Santa will find the gift Annual State Conference of the petroleum products, Dr. Frolich has second penod the Boilermakers inin his bag tomorrow night and will Farm Security Administration of also held several executive positions ®f®®'®® ^ ^ from the halfbe very happy to present it to your the United States Department of for the A. C. S. The Grasselli med- Beretta, one and only. Agriculture. County supervisors al was awarded to him in 1930. Yeager, Beretta, Fisher and Sprowl over-seeing the farm security work hitting six baskets in a row, interancy ac rop throughout the state have been at- » ig T C I i^Pted only by a free throw by BeUpon entering the ballroom, all tending the meeting. ACf I Ylf y r^GII 10 3DGdK ^®^^* eyes will be attracted by the back- Yesterday morning Robert S. * * Sprowl fouled forward Pegan, drop. A Christmas candle in the Richey, state administrator of the 111* L I* stopped the drive with a free centei of a holly wreath will stand National Youth Administration, Al irGSlIinGIl lOrUITI throw for Detroit. It was then that out over a background of snow and talked to the group on Nation Youth Calihan made his two baskets, evergreens. The old Christmas spir- Administration objectives and or- Paul Cooper, Union president; Tierney Hits it is bound to reign in such an at- ganizatioq. Jerry Hinshaw, PIA president; Scoring during the few minutes mosphere. In the afternoon, T. R. Johnson, James Davis, Student Alliance pres- which followed was spotted with A suggestion by the PIA board director of the Bureau of Informa- ident, and Althea Jorgeson, Activi- fouls and free throws until Neutzel to hang mistletoe over the door- University, and O. B. ties Bureau director, will speak at and Tiemey sank a couple of basways of the ballroom was vetoed by D/'yden, regional information ad- the fifth Freshman Forum to be kets for the Boilermakers. Brice an ultimatum from the Lafayette ''dsor of the Federal Farm Admin- held tomorrow afternoon at 4 made the last basket for the visitors Women’s “No Kissing in Public istralion and Indiana field staff rep- o’clock in the faculty lounge of the (their fifth), making the score 35League.” (This means you, Jenk- ^esentative, conducted a panel dis- Union. These speakers will tell the 19. ins). However, other seasonal deco- public relations, with freshmen the purposes and func- The last eight points were made rations will keep reminding you of stress upon participation in commu- tions of their respective activities, by two Neutzel/free throws, and the approaching holiday. nity life and public activities. All those who attend will be giv- i>askets by Tierney, Vernon and T j ,, j, . V , . s Program gjj ^ ^g^ g£ ^j^g activities. The I^orschot. Joe Cappd s band will furnish This morning’s program includes speakers will emnhasize the bene- The summary: music for the party. His band fea- a 9 o’clock talk about the F. S. A. Ss t^fmebrn PURDUE (43) B F P tures Cappo’s accordion and the m 1940 by P. G. Beck, regional di- g^in by being in an activity. Igney, f. 1 o 1 voice of Bill 0 Bnen, tenor. PIA rector of the administration, and ’ Sprowl, f. 12 2 members will be admitted upon continues with a 10:30 to 11:60 -p. « "*1, SJJ Fisher, c Zr *" 2 4 0 presentation of the little yellow o’clock panel upon the question: ■L'l’- OUlltn /iClareSSeS Beretta, g .Z.”1.ZZ 2 12 membership card and their pass- “What are the objectives in farm Hrt' Yeager, g. ...- 2 0 2 port- and home plan revision work?” OOCieiy loiugni Tiemey, g Z.Zrr.". 4 1 1 with Hubert W. Leader serving as Dr. Z. M. Smith, state vocational Galvin, f 0 0 1 AnnOUnCfilllfinf chairman. education supervisor, will speak at Caress, g Ill After completion of the luncheon the legular meeting of the Agricul- Neutzel, c. 12 2 . . . was made last night of the Program, which will start at 12:16, tm-e Education Society tonight at Swarts, f. 0 0 0 marriage of Margaret M. Magley, Jf™®® Maddox, director of the Di- 7:30 m room 201, Education build- Vernon, g 1 o 0 I. ^ ^ , Vision of Rural Rehabilitation in mg. His subject will be devoted to Conrad, g. o 0 0 Sci. 42, Toronto, Ontamo, to Floyd Washington, D. C., the county su- the topic, “Trends in Vocational Herschelman, f. 0 0 0 O. Slate, of Bringhurst, Sci. ’41., last pervisors of the Indiana Farm Se- Education,” which includes salaries Adams, g. 0 0 0 October 14. curity Administration wil adjourn, and present employment outlooks. (Continued on page 3)■ ■%
I/’* i -I Hife.?!'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, December 14, 1939
TheQuestionOf whether the voting machine in all-campus elections is a good thing or not is in the minds of most students today. Arguments are both, pro and con. Those advocating the use of the voting machines put forward the argument that the voting machines do away with after-election complaints in vote tabulation. But Tuesday night as the voting machines were opened for tabulation there was a representative of each party, the Student Senate, and the Exponent present. If this were done when hand marked ballots were counted this objection would be eliminated. These same persons say that working these machines gives the voter good experience for voting in later life. There is no argument against this point. Voting by machine does away with the chance of giving the voter two ballots, they say. This is true, but Australian ballots numbered in sequence would make such a mistake impossible with a little observance on the part of the Senate representative. Even though such a mistake is made by the person handing out ballots the fraud is not a desire on the part of the voter to cast an extra ballot, rather the error lies With the election officials. These are the main points in favor of the voting machine. What are the arguments against it? , The primary disadvantage in the use of the machines is that very little voting instruction is given the voter before he casts his vote. The sample voting machines were not at the polls Tuesday until the afternoon. Morning voters were given their instructions through the curtain. This is not conducive to vote splitting. If ballots were used in all all-campus elections it would break the political strangle hold now on all campus elections. If six or seven Checks had to be placed on a ballot, it would take no more energy to vote a split ticket than it would to vote straight. This would make the candidate the major factor in the election and not the party. This would probably be a desirable change. Tabulating of ballots would present a major job. The Senate conducts the elections in the fairest way possible. They would tabulate the ballots if votes were cast in this manner. —J. H. McK.
But
By Petrov This is the first time we’ve referred to an instructor in our column, but this morning we’d like to mention briefly Econ’s Mr. Messenger. Mr, M., whom many regard only as a donor of insuperable tests, is really a very amusing fejlow, and in spite of gruelling quizlets, we still like the dry wit about the guy. For example, the other day he was discussing the transferring of rights under a contract, remarking that the rights of practically all contracts are transferable to another person. ❖ * * With the notable exception, he added, of the marriage contract. Mr. Messenger also told us about a nasty little bit of business policy. It seems that in a small town boasting two rival undertakers, one of these undertakers, an unscrupulous fellow at best, would send out advertisements to all people who were seriously ill. These ads boasted of fine service, good likeness, and all that sort of thing, but they were clearly signed with his RIVAL’S name and address. !lt * * ^ Mr. Messenger has, we discovered, at least one weakness. One day a wandering bumble bee did his wandering right into Recitation 113. There were no two ways about it—in the maneuvering between Mr. M. and the bee, the bee decidedly had the-upper hand. The whole nasty mess was neatly solved when a student, no doubt an apiarist, swooped down on the bee with a handkerchief and deftly thrust the bee out the door. ' * * * Now if you will pardon the digression, we will generalize for a minute on econ instructors. We figure that the best available examples of public doodling appear in the form of diagrams on econ class blackboards. By the way, don’t ever try to interpret one of these graphs. It can’t be done. These diagrams are of infinite variety, but a typical one will start out with an approximation of a circle, from which a line spirals down to a rectangular box marked “A.” Arrows pointing both ways also connect these slightly geometric figures. Toyrard one side there is, from all indications, a chalk-talk on rainbows, which in turn is linked to a cigar box marked “Consumption.” * * * There will be further nature studies in econ classes if our readers would like them. * * Which finishes THAT!! # .
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Purdue Exponent E. E. Insley ..Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith.... Business Manager D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick.. Managing Editor E. M. Antonini....Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling.... - ...Co-ed Editor E. Jenkins ...Sports Editor Phones; Editorial, 4005 ; Business, 6038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. ■ Entered as second class matter at the post" office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY NationalAdvertlsingServlceJnc. College Puhlhhers Refireseiitative AZO Madison Ave. Mew York. N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTON - LOS ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO National Advertising Eepresentatives: National Advertising Service, Inc., 420 Madi-^ son Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate studente of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director. Delivered by carrier, $3 per academic year ; by mail, $3.50. Business office located at 312 N. Fifth Street: editorial office. Union Building: sports office. Field House. Night Editor... McKee Issue Editor Sidwell
Dean H. E. Enders ... of the school of science, spoke before the Rotary Club of Peru on Tuesday evening. After the dinner meeting Enders spoke on “Jungle Experiences.” The talk was illustrated with moving pictures taken by Dean Enders. Employment Blanks . . . for seniors will be distributed at the desk in the Great Hall of the Union every day from 4 to 6 p. m. until Wednesday, December 20.
9{im, and, d(sA. By Aline Beard After watching the big splashes at the aquacade, Phi Gamma Deltas will swing their partners to and fro at a radio dance to be held at the chapter house tomorrow night. —H & H— Jingle bells are ringing everywhere and everyone has that cheery old Yuletide spirit. Multicolored lights are seen in the windows of all fraternity and sorority houses. Even the Union is decked out in Christmas colors. —H & H— The Sigma Alpha Epsilon and Triangle houses are having their formal Yuletide dinner dances tomorrow night. Should be great fun as old man weather has obligingly helped with the spirit of things. —H & H— Last Sunday Alpha Chi Omegas entertained at a formal tea from three o’clock until five-thirty at the chapter house. Guests of the sorority included faculty members, town alumni, and representatives from other organized groups on the campus. Next Sunday members of Kappa Alpha Theta and Kappa Gamma will hold their annual formal teas.
Watch for tomorrow’s- edition of your campus daily. The co-eds will take over all of the duties usually performed by the ed staff, so anything can happen. Meredith Club Reviews Half Century Of Fashion Clothing trends of the last fifty years were shown yesterday at the regular meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club held in the auditorium of the Home Economics building'. Seventeen co-eds modeled period dresses loaned by the Botany Worsted Mills, New Jersey, while Loeb and Hene Company of Lafayette furnished examples of present day clothing. In addition to the style show, a moving picture on the manufacture of wool-and a display of materials made by the Botany Mills were shown. This same fashion show and motion pictures were given for the Purdue Women’s Club last Tuesday.
Dear B & B: It is about time for the annual dirty cord contest between the few seniors who have upheld the tradition of ye old Purdue, weathered the sharp comments of non-under-standing students (not real Boilermakers), met their cords at the door each morning (standing alone), and stunk their way through classes to be in the running for the free Mars passes that should go to the winner. In view of all this I, J. W. “Lucky” Godbey, hereby toss my hat, or my cords, as I should say, in the ring for those passes. Anyone desiring to compete with me, just drop a line to the editor of B&B and I will gladly meet you on an even basis. Yours truly, . J. W. Godbey, ’40. —B & B— Ed’s Note: Should anyone care to take up J. W.’s challenge, the B&B will be glad to accept all entries and hold a contest. Personally we believe that there are some pretty odiferous cords on the campus. —B&B— What Forestry student with initials, Chuck Fuller, led some W. R. H.’ers to believe that it was his birthday to the tune of some birthday cake . . . nice going. Chuck, my boy. —B & B— Bowling Alley Ad . . . A few days ago we heard a suggestion concerning the Union Bowling Alleys. Why don’t they put silk stockings on the pins. It would seem that there would be a great increase in the number of strikes . . . have you ever noticed the lads sitting on the sofa outside the Sweet Shop eyeing the legs as they tripped down the hall? —B & B— Miss Emma Bell Whitenack, of the Herbert Whitenacks, is now sporting a ring on that fatal finger. The lad that is pinned under the finger is a Texan that goes by the title of Leon Taylor. This leaves Seth Adams out in the cold . . . Her name wasn’t Eve anyway. —B & B— Debris Beauty ... . . . Wilma Bear, like all beauties, lacks the normal amount of grey matter between her ears ... so it seems. Can you imagine what she did? . . . About two weeks before the contest, our heroine went around the WRH telling people that she knew she woud be a winner . . . . claimed that it was fixed . . . and even the persons running the contest thought it was straight. Oh, well, someone has to be in the know.
“You doctors hold your conference elsewhere—the patient needs air!” College Students Express Stoll, Structural Engineer,
(Continued from page 1) Age Counts Interesting differences were noted among students of different ages; upperclassmen reversing themselves entirely: A.Draft Referendum Yes No Freshmen ...60% 40% Sophomores 52% 48% Juniors. ........46% 64% Seniors, Graduates 49% 51% By section, New Englanders were the only' ones against a national vote, East Central students divided 50-50, and all others approving by narrow margins. Why do collegians believe the U. S. can stay out of the European war ? “There is a determined spirit among the American people to keep out, and although much has been forgotten, much has been remembered about World War I,” a junior in Ursinus College, Pennsylvania, declared, combining the two reasons most often mentioned.
To Discuss Concrefe Design H. M, Stoll, district structural engineer of civil engineers, will speak to the University chapter of the American Society of Civil Engineers on “Reinforced Concrete Design” this evening after the regular monthly chapter meeting at 7:30 o’clock in room 201 of the CE building. The meeting will be open to all persons interested in the subject, according to officers of the University chapter of ASCE.
^Altl
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS TONIGHT 7:00 P.M. Latest' Dances Taught PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6tli and Ferxy
— AND — JACK RANDALL — IN — TRIGGER SMITH' — ALSO —
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. The Grandest Family You've Ever Met Is Coming to Townl
LUNA -TODAY - FRI. - SAT.-
SO ALL RIGHT.., It’ll drive you hdoffyl
When seven joins seventy in a search for adventure... there’s no limit to the laughs, no stop to the excitement, no end to the way you’ll cheer IJ
I'
Boilermakers Down (Continued from page 1)
Korschot, c.
.10 0 16 11 12
DETROIT (19) Piana, f Dulapa, f Caliban, c.' Buchbolz, g. .. O’Donnell, g Began, f Gedda, g. Lundgren, g Adams, f. Brice, f. O’Brien, g Talbot, f Gajda, g Hengen, c
B P 0 0
.. 0 ... 2 .... 0 .. 0 .. 0 .... 2 .... 0 .... 0 .. 1 ... 0 .... 0 .... 0 0 5
9 18
Frank Hall To Lead Cosmo Club Forum Prof. Frank R. Hall of tbe bistory department will be tbe guest commentator at tbe Cosmopolitan Club open forum. Tbe forum is scheduled to begin at 4:30 tomorrow in tbe main lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Four foreign students representing Columbia, Turkey, China and Mexico will give brief descriptions of customs of their countries, after which, questions from the audience will be in order. Everyone interested is invited to attend.
Sigma Delta Psi Conducts Tests Founded as a national organization to promote physical, mental, and moral development among college students. Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary, is conducting a series of tests for Boilermaker students who are interested in membership. These tests, which are the requirements for membership in the organization, are designed to prove fhe athletic prowess of aspiring candidates. Definite requirements have been set up for each of the tests. The events and their respective qualifications are: 100 yard dash, 11 3-5 seconds; 120 yard low hurdles, 16 seconds; running high jump, 5 feet; running broad jump, 17 feet; 16-pound shot put, 30 feet; 20 foot rope climb, 12 seconds; baseball throw, 250 feet, or javelin throw, 130 feet; football punt, 120 feet; 100 yard swim, 1 minute and 45 seconds; 1 mile run, 6 minutes; front hand spring, landing on feet; hand stand, 10 seconds; fence vault, chin high; B standard posture; eligible for varsity competition, scholastically. Each Monday and* Thursday afternoon at 4 p. m. there will be a member of the local chapter of Sigma Delta Psi on the second floor of the Fieldhouse to conduct these tests.
Kienly Beauty Studio ANNOUNCES Martyne—American and European Hairdresser in Costume Permanent wave styling, waving and cutting to the head We take evening appointments until the holiday. 662 Main St. Phone 7727
PURDUE JEWELRY AT PRICES YOU CAN PAY
Compacts Key Chains Bracelets
Key Charms Cigarette Cases Watch Fobs
PURDUE 5c, $1.00 AND UP STORE
314 STATE STREET
JStb century OfiJ QJL.^Sl i! A charming scent of an ardent era! Characteristic of young America, 18th Century recaptures the haunting allure of gay colonial days, with its keen fragrance and its quaint, hand-made packages of colorful beauty. 6^ach package has a practical and decorative use' Each Item IS modestly priced
Perfume (r« Hurricane Lamp) $1 00 ToiIetWater (/«JennyLtndBottle) $1 00 to i 25 Water Softener (/« Butter Tub) $1.50 & 2 50 Sachets {tn Sewing Basket) $2 00 Pot Pourri (/« Sugar Bowl) $2 00 Soap (/« Kerchief and Glove Box) $1 00 & 1 50 Talc and Bath Powder $.50 to 1.50
LOEB & H CNC COAAMKY
^iatdttAjL ChoioL By Rolfe Jenkins It looked like a different team last night . . . the first five men didn’t start off so fast, but when Tierney, Galvin and Caress entered the game things began to happen ... it was Johnny Galvin’s first apperance on the basketball floor for the Boilermakers, and, in spite of the fact that his number wasn’t on the programs, most of the spectators recognized halfback Galvin when he trotted out onto the hardwood. —^fc— Mickey Tierney, who led the scoring for the Boilermakers, was full of spark and fire as long as he was in the game . . . each time he plays he looks better ... his first basket was a one-handed push shot from in front of the basket immediately after he entered the game ... before the half ended he put in another basket, was fouled while shooting, ^nd added a free throw ... he snapped in two more in the second period. —fc— Tierney wasn’t the only man who looked good . . . Dan Fisher was tough . .. Eli Yeager played one of his best games for the Riveters .. . Red Caress (accent the first sylable) looked like a future star guard, repeatedly breaking up Detroit plays ... Sprowl showed more signs of alterness . . . Neutzel handled himself well at center . . . Korschot lost no time in scoring after he entered the game in the last few minutes, his basket coming on a long one-handed shot. —^fc— We hope that this is the last note on all-star teams . . . however, we would like to mention that the Big Ten college sports editors selected their team, putting Dave Rankin on the first team, Frank Bykowski on the second, and LaVerne Johnson on the third. —fc— / You all probably know it by this time, but three Boilermakers were drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the pro football league . . . Lou Brock, Jack Brown and Frank Bykowski were the trio ... we don’t know whether they aim to play pro ball as yet or not, but if they do they will be playing with Cec Isbell,
Stars Ready For Aquacade
Carnival To Feature Aspinal Tomorrow; Kiefer Saturday
Pursuit Squadron To Land At Airport On Routine Flight Making the University airfield their port of call on a routine navigation flight, ten planes from the 27th pursuit squadron, which is commanded by Major Willis R. Taylor and has been the air corp representative at the Cleveland air races for the past two years, will land here at approximately 10 a. m. According to Lieut. Taylor, of Selfridge Field, Michigan, the home of the squadron, the group will contain nine Seversky P-35 pursuit ships; capable of speeds in excess of 275 miles per hour, and one Lockheed C-40 cargo plane. Taylor is here now to interview men interested in the air service. All Students Welcome The Lieutenant stated that because of the interest of the University in aviation via the CAA, all students would be welcome at the field to inspect the planes and ask questions. He will remain here until Saturday, talking to men in the Armory from 8:30 to 4 o’clock each
day.
One point concerning air training which he wanted made clear, Taylor stated, was that he does not wish to encourage men to leave school^ before graduating and for this reason is primarily interested in seniors, also that men do not have to be engineers, nor are they obligated to take the course until they are sworn in just preceding the start of their training
who has starred for the last two years at halfback for the Packers, who will play the college All-Stars at Chicago in August, 1940. —^fc— We hope you are all tickled with the football schedule for next year ... we seniors have never seen Purdue play four home games in one year, and this year saw only two . . . half and half is not so bad. —^fc— We’ll be seeing you at the Southern Cal basketball game in the Fieldhouse next Wednesday ... if you stay over for it.
XMAS SPECIAL NEW YORK and RETURN
$19.50
Leaving UNION BUILDING 5:30 p. m. December 20, 1939 LARGE GREYHOUND CRUISER BUSSES For Reservations Call 2105 UNION BUS STATION
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Dine
• Florists
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. ft 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowen Main at 7th Phone 6050
Beginning where the Billy Rose show left off, the second annual Aquacade will open its two-night stand tomorrow nisdit at 8 o’clock in the large Fieldhouse swimming pool. Featuring a cast studded with top national performers and bolstered by campus water artists, this year’s program seems certain to outshine last winter’s show in which one American record was
shattered.
Aspinal Seeks Record In the spotlight tomorrow night, 13-year-old Patty Aspinal from Indianapolis will make an assault on the American women’s record in the 300 meter event. The record is held at present by Katherine Rawls Thompson. It was Patty who established a new American record in the 200 yard breast stroke in last year’s campus carnival. Her remarkable time was scratched into the record books two weeks later. All record-breaking trials will be closely clocked, and if a mark should fall, the time would be eligible for a place in the books, because the record attempts will be clocked by official AAU watches, brought here from Indianapolis.
Kiefer, Too
Heading the cast on Saturday night, Adolf Kiefer, who easily ranks as the world’s best in all back stroke events, and holds all world’s records in these events, will present to the spectators a picture of perfection in his specialty. Kiefer captured the champion back stroke honors in the 1936 Olympic games. Larry Griswold is on the cast for both Friday and Saturday nights with much the same t3^e of act in which he sent World’s Fair goers in an uproar. Larry was a feature of the Billy Rose Aquacade this
summer.
Queen Enters To open the show the Aquacade Queen, Mary Mather, will make her grand entrance to a platform erected on the south side of the pool, and in turn will be presented to the audience by Tommy Harris, president of the Dolphin Club, and the president of the Triton Club, Betty Spears After starting the first race. Miss Mather will present honor certificates to any performer who tops an existing record. Dick Papenguth, Boilermaker swimming coach, will then take over the microphone to announce a running account of the show, and in record trials, he will give times at progressive stages of the race, and other notes of interest. For the comfort of the fans, the swimming pool auditoiium has been soundproofed from noises coming from other parts of the Fieldhouse, which together with the public ad-
dress system, will make even the splashes clearly audible. 'Those having seats on the level of the pool need not fret about getting splashed upon, because canvas splash covers have been obtained for protection.
WBAA I
—^Today—
11:00—-PTA Program
11:30—County Federation of Clubs 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—^Pat Heine, popular songs 12:15—Social Security Talk 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—Mary Johnston, soprano 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:15—Jimmy Woodruff, guitar
1:30—Flying Club 145—Market Repoits
2:00—^The Apothecary 2:15—^Edward Foley, pianist 2:30—^You and Your Child
2:45—^Treasure Chest 3:00—Symphony Hall 4:00—Light Operas 4:15—Radio Club
4:45—Story Book Hour
l-M Schedules
WKESTLING
Today—4:00 P. M. 121 lbs —^Fletcher vs Silva 136 lbs —Phenninger vs Neff; Overbeck
vs Winner
145 lbs —^Horth vs Rawlins; Carson vs. Burns, Winner vs Noblitt. 166 lbs —^Marks vs Thompson: Hall vs. Frost, Taylor vs Gardner, Winner vs.
Lindeman
165 lbs —Willey vs Branbury, Gardner vs Thompson
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—^Harmsen. 7 00—Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Pi 7.16—^Faculty vs Phi Oelta Theta. 8 16—Theta Chi vs. Delta Upsilon 8 30—Kappa Sigma vs Beta Theta Pi Court 2—^F. Smithson 7 00—Tau Epsilon Phi vs Phi Kappa 7 15—^Alpha Chi Rho vs Sigma Nu. 8 16—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Phi Sigma Kappa. 8 30—Phi Kappa Sigma -vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Court 8—J Welsch 7 00—^Acacia vs Kappa Delta Rho. 7 16—^Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Kappa
Tau.
8 16—Pi Kappa Alpha vs Alpha Kappa Lismbda 8 30—Pi Kappa Phi vs Theta Xi
SQUASH
Today
Courts 1, 2, 3. 7 00—Kappa Sigma vs Lambda Chi Alpha. 7 ‘30—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 8 00—Sigma Chi vs Triangle. 8 30—Phi Kappa Psi vs Phi Kappa Sigma. 9 00—Phi Kappa vs. Theta Xi.
JCmoA, Topcoat and Overcoat SPECIALS 116-^5 to $24-75 NEW COLORS Green — Blue Green — Blue Grey and Browns KING THE CLOTHIER LAFAYETTE, IND.»-
Between 160 and 200 college officials will gather on the campus Saturday for the annual meeting of the Indiana Student Health Association. Main topic of th^ conference will be the importance of the cooperative relationship of various departments within educational institutions in promoting student health. Highlighting the day’s pro^am will be an address by Dr. Max Behr, superintendent of the Central State Hospital, Indianapolis, on “The Constitution of Normal and 111 Mental Health.” Elliott Welcomes Following a welcoming address by President E. C. Elliott, the group will hear talks by Dr. J. W. Strayer, superintendent of the William Ross Sanitorium, Lafayette. Fred Willis of the Student Health Service, E. R. Eastwood, associate professor of physical education; Helen W. Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women; G. O. Arbuckle, manager of Cary Halls; Noble E. Kizerj director of physical education for men; Dorothy Stratton, dean of women; M. L. Fisher, dean of men; C. B. Jordan, dean of the school of pharmacy, and Dr. Miller. Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the University student health service and president of the association, is in charge of arrangements for the conference. Sister of 'Spots' Emrkk, Film, Stage Actress, Dies Porfessor P. S. Emrick, director of the University bands, has gone to Boston, Massachusetts, because of the death of his sister. Miss Bessie L. Emrick of New York City, several years ago a stage and silent film actress. Miss Emrick died in a Boston hospital after an extended illness. The body will be returned to the former Emrick home in Rochester, Indiana. Miss Emrick played with Irene Castle in one of the early films, “Exploits of Elaine,” and other movies. She appeared here some years ago in a concert in Eliza Fowler Hall.
of the
To the Editorial Director: Members of the Progressive Party were very pleased with your editorial in yesterday morning’s Exponent, especially because of your interest in reminding those elected of their promises and. thus protecting the rights of voters. We wish to express appreciation for the fair and impartial handling of the election by the Exponent and Student Senate, and for the support of the voters of the junior and senior Classes. It is fitting that we take this opportunity to repeat our promise to carry out each of the platform points which we advocated; first, because we believe in the practibility of each point; and second, out of respect for the candidates of the Boilermaker • Party. With this letter may the commit-teemen-elect be dedicated to their task of giving Purdue an “unbeatable Prom and unforgettable Gala Week.” Sincerely, Virginia Royce, Lawrence Archibald. Harold Todd Directs Band On Broadcast In preparation for its participation in the Agricultural broadcast Saturday, the Purdue “All-Amer-ican” band is rehearsing Prof. Emrick’s own arrangements of “Back to Old Purdue” and “Silent Night, Holy Night.” Other numbers to be played include Sousa’s immortal “Stars and Stripes Forever” March, and the “Semper Fidelis” March, also by Sousa, and selections from the “Atlantis” Suite by Safranek. Band rehearsals are held daily as usual, although Prof. Enarick is absent, having been called to the East because of the death of his sister. Second Lt. Harold Todd, assistant director, will lead the,band in its Saturday broadcast.
Riveter Gymnast Club
Ronald Middleton, supervisor of the gymnastics club, has announced the scheduling of a dual meet in Chicago with Williams College the first week of March. Another tentative meet is to be held against Indianapolis Normal College. The thirty men of the club have formed an exhibition team, composed of the twelve-top gymnasts, which is to perform between the halves of at least one Big Ten home basketball game. In addition they expect to demonstrate their prowess before two of the West Side and Jeff high school home games. The events to be exhibited are: high and parallel bars, sidehorse, rings, and tumbling.
Notices
'' ■ ^ Mixed Recreation: Friday, December 15, at 7:30 in women’s gym. Wear tennis shoes for volleyball, badminton, shuflEleboard, and ping pong. Everyone welcome.' No swimming because of Aquacade. —MATHER,
PI Tau Sigma: Important meeting in' ME reading room Monday, December 18, at 4 p. m. —EILERING. Sigma Delta Chi: Short but important business meeting at 7:80 p, in. Thursday, December 14, in Exponent office, room E. _ Financial report on dance will be made, 'and decision must be passed by chapter quorum on admittance of a new chapter, national business, —^TERRIO.,
Hall, South; 7:16, Women’s Residence Hall, West; 7:30, Chi Omega; 7:46, Pi Beta Phi; 8:00, Riley. House; 8:16, S.H.E. House; 8:30, Twin Pines; 8:46, Alpha Xi Delta. —HARRISON.
Girls Bowling Tournament; PIA vts Pedalion, Phi Mu vs. West Hall at' 8:30, on December 14. —SEIBERT.
Wesley Foundation: There will , be a Christmas supper at the Foundation Saturday, December 16, from 6 to 7:80 p. m. Admission 20 cents. Proceeds will go to buy milk for underprivileged children. —STANGLAND.
Seniors: Personnel Data Sheets arO available at the Activities Bureau office for $3.86 a hundred. Seniors are urged to thke advantage of this streamlined way of Impressing employers. (12-16) —BREUER.
Women's Athletic Honorary Holds Initiation At Cabin Honorary initiation of Professor Helen W.Hazleton, director of women’s physical education department, by WAA Sportswomen was held Tuesday at 5 o’clock in the WAA cabin. Other new initiates are Ruth Swift and Isabelle Weishaai. Requirements for initiation of WAA Sportswomen are 1,000 points which are gained by participation and proficiency in various sports. Following the initiation, members had supper at the cabin.
Chi Epsilon
... civil engineering honorary, initiated the following men last night: J. W. Hubler, faculty member; C. Allison, D. L. Brubeck, H. Harrington, R. G. Kany, L. A. Luth, L. B. McCammon, G. H. Myers, R. L. Reily, W. D. Shillenger, L. W. Smith, A. D. Topping, R. H. Turnbell, J. R. Wood.
Use EXPONENT Clissifled Ads
FIRST IMPRESSIONS No man forgets a girl who makes a first impression as fastidious and smart. With Crown Cleaned Clothes you surely make a smart impression. r~l W E CUE A'W E R S Cl F F I N E CLOTH E S
Charna
Coed Sophistication— A woman’s crowning glory is her hair. Be a star during the coming pre-holiday events. Shine with brilliance, with our deft individual stylng. Our expert operators are at your disposal. Our coiffures are known for their— Simplicity — Originality
Puritan Water Softeners
3 Outstanding Hair Stylists
Insures Soft Water Always LOEB & HENE COAAPANV jq BeauHeians
Ssuudbf. ScdotL
Distinguished Howitzer Squad Competition: All juniors who would like to organize howitzer squads to compete in' a new test to be started early in the second semester please, sign up at once on list posted oh bulletin board on second floor of the Armory. No juniors or sophomores who took part in the competition just flnished are eligible fo rthe new list. For further information see Major Faulconer. (12-20) —FAULCONER.
Alpha Zeta: No meeting this week. —^HITCHCOCK.
Flying Club: Regular business meeting Thursday, December 14, at 4 p. m. in room F of the 'Union. —KIMBALL.
Classified
A. Ph. A.: Due,to circumstances beyond our control, we are unable to have our Christmas party as' was announced. —OSBORN.
FOR SALE FOR SALE!—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and . repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Chess Matches: K. O. Cartwright, D, E. Baynton, S. B. Legg, L. H. Curtner, L. A. Warren, M. M. Goff, Captain Whistler— meet for chess match with Ohio State at 7 :00 in E. E. building. —CURTNER.
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering lectures will report Saturday, December 16, by schools as follows: Students whose names begin with A-E, room 264, E.E. building; F-LO, room 129, E.E. building; Li-R, room 201, Civil building: S-Z, room 101, Michael- Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
Lutheran Students: A Christmas party association will be held in room F of the Union at 4:16 p. m. Friday, December 16:, —HALL. Lutheran Students: A Christmas pSsty will be held in the basement of Grace Lutheran church Monday, December 18, at 7:16 p. m. All members and,students interested in becoming members of the association are invited. -^HALL.
FOR RENT FOR RENT—^Nice quiet single room. 42.0 Evergreen. Phone 66084. ,
RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.60. Ail night:
Entoihology Clnb:' Meeting Thursday, December 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 108 Ag Hall. All members urged to attend. —FREDRICKSON.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin some time last week on the campus. Call Chase, 3801. Reward.
Ag. Ed. Society: Regular meeting of the Ag. Ed. Society will be held Thursday, December 14, in room 201 in the Education building at 7 :30. Everyone welcome. —WHITHAM.
Weight Lifting Clnb: Important meeting Friday, December 16, at E:16 p. m. in the sub-basement of Fieldhouse. All members and those interested are invited to attend. —SIGRED.
Amateur Radio Theory Course: Students j preparing for FCC class B, exams starts ! Thursday, December 14, at 7:30 in the lower lounge of Cary Hall North. Anyone interested is welcome. —MANGUM. Metallurgical Students; Those desiring to go on inspection trip to Lafayette Aluminum Plant please sign up in room 104 of the Chem and Metallurgical building. Be at the plant at 1:46 p. m, on Thursday, December 14. —BECKER.
Tau Beta Pi: Initiation will be held at 4:46 p. m. Thursday, December 14, in room C of the Union.- 'The initiation banquet will follow, at 6 p. in., in room 1 and 2. Dr. Estey will speak and there will be no charge for actives and initiates. —CATTEEALL.
Sigma Delta Chi: Must have all Riveter Rassle tickets and money by Friday, December 15, five p. m. in Exponent office. —DECKARD.
_ Y. W. C. A. Cabinet: Meeting in office Thursday, December 14, at 4. Supper at 6:30 at Ruth Bryant’s home. Don’t forget your white elephants. COOLEY. Camera Club: There will be an important meeting tonight at 7:30 in the reception room in the Union. New dark-rooms will be discussed.
Chemistry Condition Exam: Condition examinations for Chemistry 80, 82, and 84 'will be given in room 101 of the Education building January 6 at 1 p. m. (12-16) —McBEE. Rifle Club: Important meeting will be held Thursday, December 14, at 7 :80 p. m. in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. Officers will be elected and members taken into the club. Everyone interested will be welcome. —SMITH.
Glider Club: Meeting in room C of the Union Thursday, December 14, at 7:16 p. m. —MILLER. WAA Riflery Tournament: Schedule for Thursday, December 14:—6:30, Ward HI; 6:45, Ward IV; 7:00, Women’s Residence
REMEMBER YANKEE TRAILWAYS XMAS BUS FARES Will Save You Money — DIRFCT TO — CHICAGO ..... $2.95 R.T. Valparaiso $2.80 R. T. Gary. . . ........ $2.95 R. T. Indianapolis $2.25 R. T. CINCINNATI ... .. $5.75 R. T.
208 N. 5th
Phone 4475
for the Ladies
See these modish and cleverly styled bags and compacts. The latest styles in those accessories, so necessary to her comfort in every day life. Made by the foremost producers, they make splendid gifts at popular prices. Notice the streamlined shapes—the foreign motifs]
STYLED BY tmixri
Look over our diversified selection. You loill he surprised at both the variety arid values.
Authorized FaitH Jewelers '‘The QUALITY ^ HIGH - - - - . but NQT the PRICE"
GERRY MOHLMAN
434 Main Street on East Side
IN SOUTH WORTH'S on the West Side
GIFTS FOR EVERYONE
Books: Sumerset Maugham's, Christmas Holiday; America in Mid-Passage, by Beard; Not Peace but a Sword; Momment in Peking; Escape.
A vanity case, beads or a box of Schrofft's candy are sure to please any girl.
SOUTH^ORTH’S
Burton Billfolds
i I'-
Cigarette Cases
1
Pipes
Leather Goods
'
Contack Game