' >i4lsrtY PREI»M^ > ^ ;: : For Frosh Competrtibn Sa.turday Afternoon
ytolufttc No. IT
Eitabiiih««i 1889
:ivp. -■ US* Hl^fclih wmn 'nf^999BW
OUT Stw^r)jfs tb SupfSprt Wat Stamp Campaign
Pur4u0 University, West Lafayette, Indiana
’iKtitirfay, Septeinber I7| 19*^
felifete MeMovcds'.
(The'! foUdwitt^ oditprllll; appeared' in the ^icponent of September 20. 1941).
SenioK rausJsaelwS'iiavie been theofeije(3tive8.o£ey^y;Univei^ ^ ..• sity fbeshfflau* haany years. le the past the Marauding foi^SS bands of freshhieh have roved, about the campus in search of Mustache Shaving tnrere passfed, some senior’s tipperjlip, and often the battles have resulted with, the approval, of the University in danaage to property arid injury to those engaged. Usually thrdugh; the Pr.esident’s office, the injuries were jp more serious than a few bumps, bruises, rules, similar to those estab-
and ipinor cuts and scratches. However, there have been sev-
Sohny Dunham
Students Must Buy Stamps To Get Tickets;
and class and returned to the Senate office. For example, only junior Science students can sign petitions pr yote for a fellow junior in
By Bill Hoskins the Science school. Coopei'ating with the nation’s newest billion dollar war bond Petitions Available Now and stamp drive, the Student Union is sponsoring another Petitions are now available ip the “Stamp Convo” in the Music.Hall tomorrow night. Deter- Senate office on the second floor of mined to show the. world at large that they are doing their tiniori Building any afternoon utmost toward the war effort, the University is aiming at a bond and .stamp sales goal of $3,000 as a minimum. required fifty signatures, he or Tickets for, the Dunham swing convo will be available today she should return it to the Senate
office. All petitions must be returned on or before Wednesday evening, September 23, at 5:30. Any petitions returned after this time will not be considered in the elec-
tion on September 26.
One-half of the Senate membership is elected in the all-campus election. Eight sophomores; four
Senate
^ecfidis
Sepfen^Bdir JS ' Candidates Must Obtain Petitions Ry Tomorrow
Operating on the recently inaugu- era! cases of broken bones, and a few years ago Dr. Miller was rated “semester-basis”, the Student called in to place seven stitphes in a cut made by a 'straight Senate has set Friday, September razor wielded by aii inexperienced, but ambitious freshrnan. 25, as the date for the election of Last night the Studenf Reflate, in an effort to prevent such repesentatives for ^he current and damage to property, laid down several rules govtern, elections and appointments are eming the mustache scraps. The Senate, m passing these held each semester, those elected or rul.es, attempted to preserve a . University tradition, not deappointed holding office in the Sen- stroy it. They are tryin;^ to eliminate mob action, the prinate for only one school term. How- gjpai danger in the mustache battles, by limiting the hours
ever, at the fend of each semester,
each officer or representative IS ell- , • • v .c j.v. tt • •!. i. j i: i. • j- ' gible for re-election or reappoint- The admmistratipB of the University has dechned to, .mterment. . fere with, this matter unless it becomes necessary. Any stu-. In order to be elected to a rep- dent actions which produce undesirable results, however, will .resentativ.c position on the Student de dealt with harshly even to. the point of expulsion from the
Senate this semester, the student University must obtain a pattlion now av.ilabio '
at the Senate office. In addition a „ t, . fee of orie dollar must accompany success of these rules is a matter largely up to them. It is each petition. The petition should the hope of the Senate and the administration that the regula-
then be signed by at least fifty, tions and the Spirit behind thehi W.;{jj
members of the student’s own school gonducting themsfelves as tfud Boilermakers for the benefit
of ail involved. ■ '
CftdStan^aM
9 .9 I f
lished last ycad afe' as foIloWa: '- 1. There wfil be hto innstacW shaving or’ its pre^mlhaHek' at any time within any lliaveicaity building, including die Residence
. Hallsi;'■ - ' .>i -
’ 2.' Any such ■ shaving which dues take place^jll oecnr- within the following time Umits only: from 12 o’clock noon of the Thursday precsedihg the first home foot- ^ ball game until 12 o’clock noon of the day of the game, but in no case earlier than 8 a. m. nor later
thaivfi p. m.' ■
■ N6n-cbttfbrm»nce to. this time regulation by residents of private property when within the limits of such property, or bjr rfesidehta hf 'Fraternity or cooperative haUses when within such houses will he done solely at the risks
of such per sons.
3. Any remo.ying ojE mustachea or portions Thereof that is donel^ any , person or persons other than the kfeai^r thereof will -he done tvith s,atety raa^a; only. '• 4 Viplatpjcs of these’rnlesi wffl be tried hefu|-e a special committee of the Student Senate, such Goinntittee to tai(e action in all
cases of guilt.
SDX Riveters’ Rassel Newa Fiashu
and tomorrow in front of the Sweet Shop, in the Cashier’s office and in the Cary Hall post offices. These tickets’are free,
Instructions
Martin, Arnold To Teach
Six Lesson Series
but may be obtained only through simultaneous purchase of fifty cents worth of war stamps, fho Sweet Shop booth will be open today and tomorrow from
11 a. ni. until 6:30 p. m.
The convo tomorrow night will be just another in a long list of charity and benefit performances for which Sonny Dunham has provided musical entertainment. He says he believes in saying “Yes” to any benefit if it is for a worthy cause.
Specializes In Benefits
Last summer, in the midst of an
engagement,, at Frank Dailey’s u ^ u t-u Meadowbrook in Cedar Grove, New freshmen, but all other Jersey,. Sonny started on what is students may attend, claimed to be a record number of Each lecture of the series will be benefit appearances, all in unusual given four different tim^s; division places and under quite trying cir- A, 4 p. m. on Thursdays, room 101,
Committee Reduces Traditional Admission Price Of Brawl To $1.65^A
“Queen of the Sand'Bags’’ w.ill be the title of the first lady at the SDX Riveter’s Rassel October 2. The dance,: always unique in every respect, will carry out the theme of a night in a London subway during an air raid. Members of the chief queen’s court will be “Queen of, the Screaming Sirens’’,
from the Engineerings Schools; one “Queen of tHe Blackout”, “Queen of the Shimniering Rails”,
eumstances. The first Was for a USO benefit in Newark, N. J. A bus transsported the Dunham aggregation en masse to one of the busiest streets in town and set them down in front of the (See DUNHAM, page 4) Seniors To Receive Passports Today At Fieldhouse
from the Agriculture. School, Science School, Home Ec School, and Pharmacy or P. E. School, will bo elected to representative positions.
Voluntary slide rule instruction, Elected
consisting of a series of six lectures, Anyone rated by the University will begin this afternoon at 4 p. m. a sophomore is eligible to particin I'oom 101 of the Education Build- jp^^g jj, |.jjg election, representing ing, accoi'ding to the course instiuc- own school. Also eight junior tors. Professors F. D. Martin I'epresentatives will be elected; one J. N. Arnold. The course is partic- ^j^g ^ gehool, M. E. School,
ChE School, Civil or PSE School, HE School, Science School, Agriculture School and Pharmacy or P. E.
School.
The Student Senate as a funcSee PETITIONS, page 2
and “Queen of the.Sub Pub”.
Voting for the-queens will start Tuesday. Any coed may become a candidate provided — —— she has a petition with 26 stipulations are as follows: “The signatures on it in the Expo- ‘Q^^n of the Sand Bags’ should be , . , , 1 -xTiT i. -r. 1- a regal lass that would make life nent box at the West Desk of . , . , . ... .r.' n/r T ^ toward the exciting in the Union by 10 .43 Monday any sand bagged subway.” night. Voting will continue , biggest duty for th^ chief ■queen throughout the week apd until 9:36 jjgj. four under-queens will cori-
It was leajriied last night that Rith Hkywqrth, scheduled to 8ppehr here at the Wart^nd Rally on; September 24, has suffered 'a complete nervous breakdown and is now at the Cedars- of LdbahohHospital in Hollywood^ Shp- had just completed making a pictu;ee and a USO tour of Texas. No plans for substitution for the star at the rally here have been an-
nounced.
First Class Of M Eledridans' School
Meeting This AH^noon i- Dr* J>. Breese Jones of the Bureau, of . Agricultural Chemmtry And Engineering, USDA, Washihg4»nr D. G., and Cbl. Kbjhland Isker, who is in charge of the Subsistence Laboratory of the United Stat^ Quartermaster Corps, GmeSgo, were the p}::^cipal speakers at the annual banquet of the American Soybean Association held last night in the north ballroom of
the Union;
In hjs talk on “The Growth Promoting Values of' Proteihs in VarL OHS 'Flours,” Jones . predicted a shortage of proteins in the future and discussed the relative merits of: soybean, cottonseed and peanut ftoufa when used in the diet. He presented the results of feeding experiments using soybeans; cottonseed add peahut nom'S mixed with wheat flour and he stated that soybean floiir seemed to be superior to the flours produced from cottonseed and peanuts'.,'; ' ■ '■'■■■ ■ |)d9KU^es Prcrtein Shortage In closing Jones stated, “Reaidts indicate that the usO of soybean, pehnut and cottonseed flours offers one of the best ways of alleviating thd protein ebqrtage.’’ In the second talk of the evening Gcd'. Rohiand Isker discussed the army combat rations and told the gioup that some soybean products wete now being included in the. Army diet. He urged the group to concentrate on the production of quality products and he brought out the point' that the Army was closely- ^cooperating with the food industry in the development of new and better rations. Isker outlined the present uses of soybeans 'for food arid he pointed out some of the possibilities of the future.
Soybean Future
“W'e hririly" believe that by combiriirig' ■vegetable proteins we ■wilX be able to get a flour whicl^containS all the essential anudo acids,” said Isker. “I believe that the soybean industry has a bri^t future and if they continue to put out a quality product: they should play an important part iri feeding the coiuit
Education Building; division B, 4 p. m. Mondays, room 101, Michael Golden Shops; division C, 7 p. m. on Tuesdays, room 101, Education Building; division D, 4 p. m. on Wednesdays, room 101, Michael
Golden Shops. Six Lessons
The course is organized as foL lows: Lesson 1, reading the scales and division; Lesson 2, multiplica-
tion and
p. m. one week from Monday. judging the moustaches, . i j • rh • b t The student is cautioned' not to beards and fuzz on Boilermaker at- Graduating exercises fpr^the first ™ ^ start a petition or sign one of said tendants at the Brawl in order to group of University sarior tra,mefi8 * rs |okf^SPFaK^^° ' 41^ documents unless he feels that the determine the winners of'the anririal tp complete their 16 weeks, course ' - . ’ P*®® candidate meets the qualifications brush growing contest. Other duties at the naval electricians school here . « ■.* laid down by Sigma Delta Chi. The See BLACKOUT QUEEN, page 4 will be held- this evening at 7:15 Pi A flOiCl
in the Music Hall. A dinner in the ■
Exponent Student Si^nate Clash On Field Of llondr Tomorrow
Union with members of the class, J#C /n I ininn officers and teachers attending willA*VIHW*
precede the exercises.
' Cbmiriander H. S. Hart, will; present; ce^rtificates to the graduates, arid special honors will Be anriourtced by;' Ensign S. L. Whitle-
Tonight At 7
and combined multiplication _ / ' . kni^n for his play, WRH South'to Bifi Hoskins apd Jesse Wright. Due be . delive: division, plus short cuts by Senate and the lixponeni airport. The Senators’ to travel restrictions the Exprinerit' H«ckema. n 11 n 11 1 __i X unll niach fnrvi/M’mw QTT.om'nnn i=n ^ J il: __ i
Dick Sleeper, president of tha Pigcdve Independent Association,
. .. has announced a call out meetinlr more, -con^ny, (mmiriander. ,The ^^bight at 7 in the P. L A. office iri principal address of the evening wiH ubibir- fori all Indeperident stri-
delivered by Professor P;vG.
By Gordy Wendell 4!—i,;—kui oT.r< w,.io-ht iino uc ucuveieu : ■•'roiessor .r’.'vt;. working on'P. means of the folded scales; Lesson ^ wiirbe unrbTefoTmlpJiVriTo^^ThTn dpntand .Shdr^^
4, squares, cubes, square roots and a bittm softb^^^^ two or three players from the Osh- by W. A. ^ftapp, assistant dean of offices on the second floor
Intiamuinl held, me contest, ni ■ Tl,r«n*..n . Vnsh T,a4v .^hamrorks a.^-ariiririftllv tlie “ ' -- - . . . .
of its kind, in University history.
Freshman Election
Senior passports will be available cube roots; Lesson 5, use of trigofor distribution at the ticket office metric scales; and Lesson 6, use'of
of the Fieldhouse today, it has been log log scales,
announced by C. .S. “Pop” Doan, /
manager of ticket sales and assist- TH hifilfi ant athletic director. Students must « ”^ I U I iUlU
present their registration schedule cards when calling for their pass-
pbrts.
Junior cards will be available to- Elections of two freshmen repremorrow. Sophomore and freshman .sentatives to the Association Worn- tor passports will not be ready until a Students e.xecutive board wifi bo later date which will be announced bold September 30. Every freshman next week eli^uble to apply by preDoan stated that it will not be renting a signed petition at the necessary to exchange coupons for office or to Tillie Croll any reserved seats for the opening game time before the elections.
The following form, followed by twenty-five signatures of freshman coeds, must head the petition: We the undersigned do hereby
Dark Horses Threaten kosh Lady Shamrocks as originally ®tlg4neefipg schriotef anfli bjr- j^ffiriri; arid all.uds'and-coeds interiSenate fielders will probably in- planned. Jean Lauer is expected to Pwt C. W. Beese, repeseu,tri(g the ested iri-sdrvirig on rnembership. sg' elude Don ' “Flypaper” sThomas, be a definite threat at second'base, .traiining pi,ograiiji, • pribheity, war functions axtd Wade “Sticky” Neal, Paul “Gum- where she has announced that iGraduate. 94 Per .Cent activities coottRvittees should report* my” Miller and Ross “Glue’’ Me* sweetness and light will prevail. Certificates wiU be njreacUted to Major officers are chosen from tjge
1 * • kr -n k k tv, Eee. These sterling performers'are Dqn Brophy, who. plays one of the jgijt oyf .jjf fjjg ^heriever there is a vacancy mst 'Mgnt, -we-wm^knocic tnose expected to hang on to; anything shortest short-fields in the business, 200. Gommandei' Hart; iriArinouric* tri be fthed, arid• all iriajor officers J 4*^**^*^ thateomes their way.'The Senators’ will also be on hand. ing the exercises,’comrtierited on the rise'awarded keys at the end of thh
into their hole m the sub-basement j^ia^^ager'reports-that he has SeV- The Inkpots’ hitting power will
where they belong.” Exponent edi-
John
will be played for the respective honors of the twb organizations and
for a large, round trophy. Joe-' Neff, Senate ' prexy, ■ stated
high percentage of thrise graduating semester.
eral extremely dark horses Widel: be provided by shortstop Art Hunt- —94 per cent—which he said fe far
' ' ’ ‘ ’■ ‘ ’ '^ enty-three Wendell.
‘Mind-over-Mattei'”
AmoS 'inade no public wraps that are iikely to see much er and tiie t'wenty-tbree Wendell, ahove averaire -Wp ArAf 1,7 .In* r .i'ink U iff £*.*-*_I* statement but preferred to mutter action; Jackson'G’Gonnell and-B'ob- brothers. John “Mind-over-Mattei'” and assistants for their FAGi TO Fwi^Q FrOSrtg under his breath. bie^Glezen afb thi'dafkest'of tfidse. Armtsrong will take'the field-with efforts in providing the-Navy-With i'^ • • Nourse Will Pitch Ma'nagei' Bob' Hadley Of the Bit- his slide-rule to help him calculate additional specialists at a time when SOOflOfllOl^ CaHOUtS
Manager for. the Senators hris- ponent squad-has*'announced, that the wind drift of fly-balls. ■ they are badly needed -
- - - - ■' "'The
with Fordham on Saturday, Sept. 26, as students will be admitted upon presentation of their pass-
ports at the proper gate.
A mimeographed sheet of instructions giving the dates for exchange of coupons for reserved seats at the Wisconsin, Great Lakes and Indiana gaiiics will be handed each student at the time lie calls for his pass-
port.
nom-
inate for the position of fre.shinan representative on the AWS Executive Board for the fall 1942 term. Only freshmen with freshman passports may vote in this election which will be held in the Union. '
Senators hris' pdnent squad-riascn.nnouncfld. thjtt the wind drift of fly-balls,
announced that Miller Noui serwihn mostof'Kisstartingrieam is dubiorid, The rumor that Tomiriy DorSeyls has done much pitching ground very dubious. Starting pitcher-v^ilil violin section will play between
Cleveland, will bitch for the-Senate, prbbably -be- either Dale-'^Stried’ky-’t innings is still a rumor. It has also ^ while Neff Will catch. Sis Wiley is Butz or Hadley himself; John Amos; been announced that Paul V. Me* ® mon h—o^e
expected to help Nourse in his pitch- 'who made bis baseball‘debut last Nutt’s Washington office denied late ing duties. Bob Wilson will hold suriimer in the famoUs; Kappa Bigv last night, in an exclusive denial, down the iptial sack for the Poli- Phi Kappa Sig fray, has announced tjiat the former Governor would b© tiicians who will also feature Gordy tha/t it will take inorc than three oil hand to hold the ball for the Hloffman and Bob King at second pitehed balls to strike him out this group picture of the two teams, and short. • tiiri'e. Everyone' is invited.’even ex- ' This trio is Welle known fo'ri their Laner - pactddytoatterid.Nd'passpbHk'or play. King to Hoffman to WilsoH. Other starters for the Irikpots defense stamps will be required for
Phil Wpolery, shortfielder, is well will probably include' Don Johnson, admission.
— J .. , XH.C Fraternity'Affairs OfBcA The graduating class a*riWed-hem hold a caHout for sophomores uue , an a simv ar ^oup wtK riovr and seeririd semester freshmen iri
8*^UUP Footn 328 of tfee Uni,ua at 4 p,
arx'iving as the other leaves.
War Cawnciit
Extremely iriip4»r.t*rit
in StuderittlAiieri office tonight at
8. Do not miss. —DEUsi’ER
m-i::
tpmoixow. Another meeting wilLip held at & p. f01' those who bate laie classes. At these meetings, the frinetlons of ^ offleb committees ^ill be ffisriussed; The riemmittees tu e sehoirisship> poWieikSf and spe^ events. Each worker wfil he; as* sighed to his committee priefeifettde.Purdue Exponent fhunday, September 17, -1942:
l'\
Pa^ 2
Purdue Exponent Offices: Editorial and Butinaii« l^urdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 279Z Editorial Phoiie After 10 p, in., 5377
Editorrin-Chicf News Editor MnnnjrinB Editor Sports Editor Business Manogcr Cirfulation Manager.. Coed Editor
John F. Amos Don T. Brophy ...John H. Armotronc .Robert L. Hadley wnilam D. MiHard ...Ken K. Gjemre AUce ChatBeld
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial StalT: R. W. Boswjnkle, D. E. Buts, W. Q. Hoskins, Ai. P. Huater. D. W. Ochiltree. W. E. Kafert. Spo'rts StalT: U. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick. Coed StalT: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hats, Jean Laner. Business Sfaff Cued Business Manager: Julia Maftin. Adreriising Managers: J. M. Wrights D. L. Johnsoiu Circulation Manager: G. H. Klpum&n. Acc.mhts Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent
Editr.'r-in-C'hicf Managing Editor Business Manager...!.... Coc^’Editor - Sports Editor... Advertising Manager.. Accounts Manager....... Circulation Manager....
Dare Bdrta Ed Humphrey .....Etwin Weibsum .....Roberta Kessler ... Bill Kiillgrew Scott Brown George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue . Night Editor: Ratert Sports Editor: Brewer Day Editor: Beall Issue Editor: Vegh Reporters: Abbott, Riggs. Winslow, Martindell, -Baynes, retry.- Porter, Holland, Mann, Caylor, Tilton, Hunt, Tuttle, Jordan, Tyson,
Ehtored as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act oT Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage. provided tor in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings diiririg the year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.76 for a .semester or .$3.00 for two semesters; by mall for $2.00 for a semester or $3.60 for two semesters, summer semester; mailed subscription $1.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertlsinp Service. Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. ,Y.
Practical Investment. .. Throughout the nation September has been designated as the month in which the sales of war bonds and stamps are to go over the top to the tune of one billion dollars. From, coast to coast in every fair-sized community public appearances have been made and are being made by big name stars of the moving picture industry who, to the point of exhaustion, are cooperating admirably with the Treasury Department in a serious ejffort to send war bond sales over this billion dollar mdrk. We realize that, as students, We can not be 1 expected to take a major role ill the bond buying campaigns. Most of our budgets just do.n't include the kind of expenditures necessary for even a twenty-five dollar bond. However, we can show that, as a school, we are behind the nation’s war bond and stamp drive; for this Friday the Student Union is offering its own added attraction to promote war stamp sales. Immediately preceding their appearance in the Union ballrooms, Sonny Dunham and his orchestra will pre.sent an hour of entertainment at a special conyo in the Music Hall—^admission to which will be a ticket attainable only through the purchase of fifty cents worth of war stamps. These tickets may be obtained with the purchase of stamps at the Cary Hall post office, the Union stamp booth in front of the Sweet Shop and the Cashier’s'office in the Administration Building. • Union officials have set a campus goal of $2,500 for this week’s sale of war stamps, but to date results have been very disappointing. To send this $2,500 punch oh its way tow..: d, : ! he axis student participation must be .given TOO per cent in the remaining two days.;—a.p.h. A New Era. .. That true Boilermaker football spirit seems to be back again! Genial Elmer Burnham, new h^^id coach, is the reason, and the University isjin the war path. Fickle as it is, the student . body seems to have taken to the smiling, warih Vvcicoming leader, and testimonial of varsity meiiibers proves that the team will be backing Elmer all the way. . ‘T'rom the sportscasters come the views that rt|aybe the Boilermaker eleven is facing a new eia—the offensive style on the practice field njakes it a certainty. But despite the fact t^at razzle-dazzle has come to the University’s g^-id fields and people are singing “Happy l^ays”, there will be days which won’t be so happy. There will be Saturdays when the “new era’’ will suffer setbacks, despite the “■Keep Elmer Smiling’’ campaign. And when the students trudge home after seeing or hearing about their eleven huskies fighting their hearts out to no avail they must I'bniember that win or lose they’re still playi|;g tlieir cards for Burnham. Untimely criti(|i; in in the pa. t years has undermined the t|’ue Boilermaker spirit for which we are notojil. We must remember that Elmer has a long, tpugh road to success in collegiate coaching ajid many obstacles, such as Fordham, Ohio State, Northwestern and Others, bar the way. through light or darkness we are backinglrorrihamaTrthe way!—d.e.b.
The Ratio
1
GRiN AND BEAR rr
By Li
(Editor’s Note: Having once taken over the job of writing this column, I was approached by Salty Saxton who offered to "give me the tips” on the principal outlets of dirt on the campus. His added advice to.me was to keep my name a secret, and that I shall try to do)as long as I can. To put it in his words: “Lest you be dood like I been did, protect your name from all intimidators whosO natneS apjiear iri this column.” Thanx a lot my friends, I hope 1 can do as good a job as the previous writers hdve done.)
LATEST FROM THE “S” BOOK: I bought my girl some garters. At the Woolworth five and teii. She gave them to her mother. That’s the last I’ll see of them.
It seems that the Purdude Ranch waitresses miss Pete Jackson’s company this semester, since he has neglected them for swee’ li’l Alpha Chi Lolly Zeno, who was out for the summer session and who wOars his Phi Gam. pin.
THE “KEEP IT CLEAN” GIRLS— Last week, the Sig Nus went a serahading. Soon they found themselves before the Marble Vault, and, while waiting for the Kappa inmates to father around to make the grand appearance on the front porch, one of the “rowdies” shouted: “Well, do you want it now or later?” From one of the dorm windows came a feeble little voice: ' ;' .' . " “Keep' it clean, boys, keep it clean!”
Committee Mrs. C. SfiamNughv Directs NY A To Speak Oyer WBAA
Program
THAT CONTINENTAL TOUCH . . . ... appears in the irtosi recent Kappa pinning when Guy Besnard, student from France, hung his ATO pin on Brita Kraepelin, our coed from Stockholm, Sweden.
“My committee has found evidence of scandalous waste in government departments—why in some places 2 men were doing,a job, when there easily was room for 8.”
WELL— Cbrbus went and done it . . . . . . when he hung his Beta Shield on Maria Keene, Pi Phi. . . . (She had him guessing, though, as well as she had everyone else wondering.) ; ... Unexpected, I guess. ... What about Eddie, Maria ?
University Calendar Thursday, September 17
8:00 A.M. Americarf'Soybean Ass'n... ) E. Faculty L^., Union 3:00 P.M. , Screen Review Hall of Music 7:00 P.M, Debris Pictures South Ballroom, Union 7:30 P.M. Camera Club Meeting Room, 304, Union 7:30 P.M. Purdue Glider Club Meeting Room 355-363, Union
Tomorrow's Screen Review
BELT DOINGS LEAD TO DREI DINGLER
DANGLER DONERS:
- or . . ^
Delts come through by hanging three'pins last week. News .: : ) 9Dick “Spike” Wunderlich vs. Marge Murroughs of Georgetown, Pride of Penang.... lO- ... , . „„ Popular Science.....: .. .10
Sorta swift, huh, “Spike” ? ■
Dave “Army” Lindsay vs. Elizabeth Girvin. Getting in solid with the faculty, Dave ?
Ted Chapman (twice time pin doner) vs. Chi 0
Maxine Barrett.
Chapman swears he was broke, but regardless of his excuses for lack of stogies, Delt pledges gave him the royal heave-ho into the Wabash mud last Monday.
HEY, HAYNES! HAYNES! BOY, O BOY. LISSEN TO THIS: Ginney from Lima, Ohio, was in town last week! The reason why Tom was late to pick you up one night last week Was because he was out cavortin’ with Ginney. What about this ? And the Thetas appreciate Phi Gam Tommy Graham so much too.
The Snooper Dooper hears that there is now a King and Queen of Smooch on the campus. Any information leading to the names of their honorable honers, please get in touch with the Snooper Dooper. (It’s not what you do, it’s the way that you don’t do it!) Isn’t that right, Cindy Redwine and Bill Bell?
Nobody believed it when Sig Ep Bill Recktenwald hung his pin on an off-canlpus girl recently. In fact the boys refused to sing the Pin Song for him at dinner time. It looked as if he wouldn’t even go in the Wabash for no cigars, but when the Panatellas came around, everyone seemed convinced. Nothing like believing in people, is there?
3:00—4:27 3:09—4:36 3:19—4:46
Forty Boys and a Song .......10—3:29—4:56 Changed Identity 10—3:39—5:06 Perils of thCyJungle .20—3:49—5:16 Community Sing ..., 10—4:09—5 :36 The Art of Skiing.: . ..:.. 8—4:19—5:46
Out—5:54
Glider Club To Hofd meeting Tonight In Faculty Lounge First meeting of the Glider club will be held tonight, at 7:30 in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Complete explanation of the club and its activities will be a feature of the meeting. Movies showing the Glider club in action at the University Airport and scenes from the-soaring center of the nation, Elmira, New York, will be shown. ■ Although-the club has adhered to motofless flight in the past, it has now found it necessary to operate a power ship as well; at least until the sail plane now under construction is completed. .. Membership in the Glider Club is open to both men and women stu-
dents.
New Set-Up Provides Practical Knowledge NYA Student Work Program on the campus this year is being administered by the NYA Committee. W. B. Vogler, director of personnel for the University and also the chairrrian of the NYA Committee is directly in charge of NYA work. In the past year, he was aided by a graduate student as assistant. Since a graduate assistant could not be secured for the present year, the details of the program are being administered by the newly created Student Industrial Relations and Personnel Committee. This commit-, tee is also organizing and administering freshmen interviews. Students Will Help One of the factors in favor of this change is to provide students with practical knowledge of the problems of -organization and management. Students in this program have responsibilities and duties similar to those required of them after graduation. Due to present conditions, the University staff has been decreased until there has been a great demand for seniors to act as instructors. ■ Increased University a c t i v i t y, caused the war effort, has also enabled many students to obtain jobs who previously worked on the NYA program. Because of these conditions, fewer students have applied for NYA work. At present only 150 students are working on this program. Since 714 students worked on the NYA program during the past year, there is at present an extreme shortage of students to fill the positions available. In past years, the average monthly earning for an NYA worker was approximately .$10. This amount corresponded to the average room rent. It is the policy of the NYA committee this year, because of increased cost of living, to allo-iv a higher average monthly earning that these workers may meet these increased costs. The prevailing rate of pay throughout the University has been raised, and in accordance with this change, the rates paid to NYA workers has been correspondingly increased.
Mrs. Ciharles Shambaugli, president of the Tippecanoe County Better Home in America unit,; will be the initial speaker of the hew serieh of “Better Horries in America” broadcasts. The first program will be heard Monday at 1:30 p. m. oyefr , WBAA and every Monday there-i
after.
The programs are a continuation , of those which were conducted during the spring and ■ early summer. Besides Mrs. Shambaugh’s discussion, President Edward E. Elliott,) also president of Better Homes in America, will present a short mes-,' sage. ' Personnel Npteis North American Aviation, Inc., Inglewood, California — September' 17 and 13. M. E., C. E., E. E;,. and ■ Aero. E. Ranger Aircraft Engines, Farmingdale, L. l!, N. Y,—September 22. Pratt & Whitney Aircraft, E. Hartford, Conn.—-September 23 and 24. Interested in December Engineering students. Proctor & Gamble Co,, Ivorjrdale, Ohio—^^September 24 and 25. - National Tube Company, Lorain, Ohio—Sepfember 26. M. E., Met: E., E. E. . Vought-Sikorsky Aircraft, Stratford, Conn.—September 28 and 29. M. E., Aero. E., Ch. E., Met. E. ■ Vickers Incorporated, Detroit, Michigan—October 12 and 13. Interested in M. E., Aero. E., Ch. E., Me^. E., P. S. E)^ Sign in Personnel Office before Monday, October 6.
Simmonds Aerocessbries, InC., New York—Interested in M. E., E. E., Aero. E. for instrument divisioii'; Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, September 18.
LEARN THE LATE DANCES BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS TONIGHT, 7:30 P.M. CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER ]9th PHONE 2150 < J ALLEN’S 6.h and Ferry
(Continued frona page 1) tioning body operates under the direct supervision of the junior executives who are appointed at the beginning of each semester. The senior board of the Senate acts in an advisory capacity, the sophomores and workers carrying out the
actual work.
Aside from the legislative, duties of the Senate, it conducts a faculty rating project, holds all campus elections, edits the yearly Freshman Handbook, conducts a “Lost and Found” service, makes improvements and suggestions under the projects committee, and from time to time does various personnel
work.
HELD OVER Through Saturday by Popular Demandl WHAT A HAPPY HOLIDAY! ^
Second Lt. Bert A. Weinshenker . . . student at the University from 1988 until February, 1941, at which time hetenrolled in the Army Air Corps, has been promoted to the rank of First Lt., Army Air Force. He was commissioned a second lieutenant in September,- 1942, and was ordered to duty in foreign service immediately. He is now on duty with a Fighter Squadron of the Sixth Air Force in the Caribbean area.
GREETING. CARDS F0R;^JLL OCCASIONS linivei^ty Book Store * AerosB From Union "Bed** Sami^onRi *29' **Doc’* Epple *40
DR.'J^UL A. RISK DR. UjtHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD j. risk
DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultx Bldg.
Lafayetfe
4fh and Main Sts.
/
Capt. Robert H. Richards . ) . who attended the University in 1936 and has been in the Army Air Force since 1938, has been reported “missing in action” in the Pacific, according to Word received by-his parents in Indianapolis. Capt. Richards withdrew from the University and graduated from the American Television School in 1938. He was decorated with the silver star for piloting a bullet-riddled, four-mptbred B-17 bomber to safety, saving the lives of injured crew members, when the Japanese made their sneak attack on Pearl Harbor December 7.
Capt. C. Francis Harding, Jr. . . . EE ’33, was recently promoted, to the rank of major and changed from utilities officer to camp engineer of the air corps training base at Miami Beach, Florida. When called to active duty from a position with the public utilities of Jacksonville, Fla., last year. Major Harding held the rank of first lieutenant. His fathe^, until his sudden death last spring, seiwed as head of the School of Electrical Engineering at the University.
Onlookers gazed wide-eyed when Henry Wishard' tossed six tires—all still in their original wrappings— onto the local scrap pile. Wishard, however, just laughed. He knew the tires, 37x6, were surviving relics of a carload he bought back in 1914.
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
^WfnMBsnHE CQIUMBIA PIC.IURE .
Sn Sm&m
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
DICTA W vs. Americas in a thrill-filled battle for mattery of the skieil
fORC^
Latest "PATHE NEWS"
lyriet and Music byj IRyliG MRLIN
l4MViSn«
$ur WM sum «id bonds m m tmm/
■A' v' J^iT A
V
Si
s
'iS' " ‘"'^ ^ - ' J^fiursday^ September 1 ?,
"r^ “
AlP
,li*^* ’’^4'^ if'
. /•“r <t ff"*' . , i.L.twt^ii
Boilermaker Sports
PageB
mmniiiitm
gophers Hold First practice Scrimmage ^'MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 16—As Minnesota’s 1942 Gophers string into their first scrimmage on the fourth day of the practice season the general outlines of the team that will represent Minnesota this season began to harden, presenting a picture little different in personnel from that of pre-season predictions. Early practice lineups followed expected lines so c|b8ely, in fact, that coaches had little reason for expressing either satisfaction or glooip,
Four Varsity Tankers Wifi Bolster Team Dick Papenguth, Purdue switn-
The nucleus of this year’s squad will be the four returning letter-
although there was a general approval of the condition in W^jkich the boys returned to
school.
At the center of the line, where center and guard positions yfere so hard hit by last spring’s graduation, Head Coach GOorge Hauser seemed to be in a jtjLition to carry on to fairly good
effect with Don Nolander, Bob Sol- swimming season with a call for hdim and Bernie Nelson passing the '’“’'^ity swimmers at the pool yesball on the current first, second and ^erday afternoon. The call was very third strings. They are, respective- answered and, according to ly, a senior, a sophomore and a Papenguth, the outlook on the juniPr. forthcoming season is very good. r.Veteran John Billman, a letter Assistance From Reserves
Winner, and Sophomore Chuck Dellage have the call at the guard po-
sitions, where they are being backed men: namely Williamson, Hensel, up by Wally Holstrom and Charles Erikson, and Bauer. Other swimSandberg, At least the last three niers who answered the call includof this quartet can stand a good ed Smith, Snead, Heidke, Nikan, deal of further seasoning, but all Darrow, Burner, Vandusen, Rich, are fairly well up to Minnesota Mills, Dunn, Horton, Fifer, Barnard, standards and, are expected to give and Shady. It is expected that a good accounts of themselves. good deal of assistance will be deWlldiing Heads Tackles ^ rived from' these men; especially Captain Dick Wildung equals sev- from Smith and Snead who have
eral tackles by himself, but will not ^^d previous experience,
be forced to play more\ than one P^ily workouts are expected to position, teamed as he is with such ^^IP swimmers get back in players' as Paul Mitchell, just now "^ape. Papenguth is stiessing form, his first string running mate, Rudy distance Sikich and Manley Wilcox, as first swimming is assisting in loosening
replacements, and two able sopho- muscles.
The pool is closed from 4 to 6 p. m. daily for the exclusive use Of the varsity. This measure has become necessary since the PE 12 classes have the use of the pool dur-
ing the day.
mores, Dick Heeren and Charlie Hoifiiark. Wilcox, who weighs 234, is tho heaviest player on the 1942
Gopher squad.
Progress of Vic Kulbitski, fpimei linemail, in handling the fullback
Work from which Blasting Bill "' ' ' Haley was transferred, and Daley’s backs. Jim Haley, formerly a quarown improvement as a passer from ter, and Bob Kula will provide the his new post at left halfback were replacements for Vic Kulbitski at suljijects of comment around the cor- fullback. nprs of the practice field. Bud Hig- Minnesota’s five most promising gins, sensational in several of last ends seem at the moment to be yepr’s 'games, is alternating with Baumgartner and Hein, who have D«iey at left half. Bob Sandbeig been having first call, and Jerry plterijates^with Bill Garnaas at the Mulieady, Cliff Anderson and Carl qjiai^erb&ck position, and the le- Ekberg, following the first pair maining backfield post is occupied closely. Ekberg, still at work, is by Herman Frickey, backed up by expected to appear on the field this several able junior and sophomore week.
—J! - —
OILS!
salads, meats . . . everything looks good in the PURDUE UNION CAFETERIA We give you adequate servings of all our foods and our meals will “Jit IJjoufL (BiJuiqiiL!'' We have three fast-moving lines and Sa a wide selection of well-prepared foods! •• JPUL fiwidwL TlfbmifdaL lAmvfL The Corner of the Campus— ~ “ Yet the Center of Activities
Imports Communiqu^ig Varsity Prepares For Freshman ByBobH«ii.y Jattje^a^day; Drills On Offense
freshman Swimmers
Afixir the first of June, it has been customafy for the past seven years, with the exception of 1940 when the Tigers messed up the works, for the bksfebdll world to resign themseiyes to watching the Yanks in the World Series and turn their attention to the National League. This year it looked like a walkaway for the Dodgers to everyone and then lalong caiUe the Cardinals sneaking up from behind to take a 2-game lead while the Dodgers rested in the past few days. Yesterday both contenders polished off their opponents, the Cards turning back the Braves and the Dodgers taking one from the Pittsburgh Pirates. „ , ^ A 2-game lead is a nice thing to have going into the final dtreb^k* but a lot of things can happen. For instance, the Dodgers have tVfi more games than the^Cards to play to finish the few games remanding on their schedule. Of their remaining contests, seven are with the Philadelphia Phils—the team that holds uncontested possessioh of the circuit’s cellar, having piled up 38 wins and 99 Ipsses to the leaders by 55 Vi games. i We have been looking over the advance dope on the, Boiler opponents of the approaching season pretty regularly. Of chur^Ps^^s mostly propaganda, but it makes good reading. One thing that "finally dawned on even ue was that we didn’t know anything %o speak of about Fordham. The Rams agents are talking sweet and low this anM^t makes us curious. Guess we’ll have to snoop. U S t
fi I'’ 1
The Badger^from Madison, Wisconsin, are drilling otr'd^en^tltils^ year. Last'season Wisconsin was the high-scoring aggregt^ion in the Western Conference, and was equally distinguished fqr hd^ving the worst defense on record. This year they have the offi^^ J^gain, and Harry Stuhldreher is going to plug up those weak^om in the
defense. ^ revealed that veterans stood off the Mbst sports writers are awarding the Badgers at the hast an outside challenge of aspiring sophomores at chance of winning the Big Nine crown. It is also interesting to m3!te, every position,
when one thinks back, that the Riveters neglected to score a point against « ^
what has since been called the worst defense exhibited by a major team. ewcomers
Sad, isn’t it?
Coach Paul Brown is working his gang really hard this y^jiy, trying to mol da contender out of a bunch of inexperienced men^ since he lost some of his key men through scholastic misunderstanding
and the Army, etc.
Preparing for Saturday’s regulation game with the freiihmen which will provide the last public appearance before the regular season’s opener ,with Fordham’s Sugar Bowl champions, the Boilemiaker football squad wps given a lengthy workout yesterday afternoon on returning kickoffs as well as
providing protection for the punters.
Bob Chester, the Big Nine’s leading punter last year, as well as Bob Hajzyk, veteran quarterback, got away a num- ghort of 6 feet, weighs only 170
ber of long kicks as the Riveter pounds.
forwards and backfield block- There was no douht about it ers carefully rehearsed their Tuesday that the Boilermaker footj ball fans would be backing Elmer defensive assignments. ^ Burnham wound up the aft- all the way. Almost two thousand
, TO • emoon with a short scrimmage pigskin fans filled the stands of Evanston, 111., Sept. 16 Despite against the “B” squad in Ross-Ade stadium that afternoon to the loss of 19 lettermen by gradqa- the three-way fight for the glimpse for the first' time the powtion last spring, Northwestern Uni- quarterback berth was intensified erful offensive machine which the versity s football team will open its Hajzyk, Tony Berto, and Vincent head coach is pulling out of the bag
season against Coach Bernie Bier- guyder, all lettermen, practically this season, mans Iowa Seahawks, Saturday, gpjjt time. Will Need Backing all-letterman line- scurrying sophomore half- Facing collegiate coaching com-
"‘Hurrying Henry” Stram petition for the first time, Burnham and “Amblin’ Andy” Berkley, al- will need the whole-hearted backing though they have yet to prove of the student bpdy. His debut themselves in collegiate competi- against the Fordham Rams, rated tion, have shown sufiicient promise as the speediest and most powerful in the past couple of weeks to indi- in the East this year, will be a tough
cate that they may be able to pro- one. Tuesday’s open drill, in the form
All freshmen Interested in Swimming competition shonld report at the pool-side in the Fieldjhouse at 7:30 p. m. this evening.
. —PAPENGUTH
Wildcats Open Season Against Iowa, Sept. 26
Most of the supporting roles, however, are occupied by new-
comers and the problem of reserve vide considerable support for Kenstrength figures to plague the Wild- neth Smock and Bob Chester, vetcats throughout their heavy ten eran left halfbacks, in the stren-
. game schedule. This is particularly uous Boilermaker schedule.
Incidentally, we here in this corner are going to that game betwwn true at center and all four back- Both of the sophomore hopefuls
^ field positions. are comparative midgets. Stram, a
of a “Meet the Team” session, featured the varsity players, and frosh, varsity, and reserve coaching staffs. Coach “Dutch” Fehring opened the spectator clinic by drilling the first
a plane. We have been waiting a long time for the day when we can go Great Passing And Running Star fleet-footed product of Lew Wallace eleven in several types of offensive
back to Ohio and hold up our heads. The last two years we’ve had to let them hang. This year we think it’s going to be different.
IM Schedules
The All-Campus Tennis Singles are scheduled to get under way at 4:16 on Thursday evening. Sept. 17, with the following matches scheduled for this time:
Court
1 J. R. Galloway vs. H. S. Grauten
Tennis Tourney To Gef Underway Today
With 84 entries already in and that the Purple will probably rise many more expected before the or fall on the showing of the colordeadline, the All-Campus Tennis ful Waukegan lad around whom Tournament will get under way this much of the Wildcat attack is cen-
evening with 24 matches scheduled, tered.
A large tiophy will be awarded to His suppoiting backfield cast con-
The Wildcats are pinning much high school, Gary, Ind., who seems formations, including the short-^ hope this year on their great pass- to have the ability to shift from punt, “T,” single-wing, and doubleing and running star, Otto Graham, high into higher as he rounds an wing backfield set-ups. Assistant who skyrocketed into prominence end, weighs but 162 pounds and is Coach Mel Taube paced the regulars with his brilliant all-around soph- only 5 feet, 6 .inches tall, while in defensive drills, explaining the omoie performance last year. It is Berkley, a swivel-hipped fellow' 7-diamond, 6-2-2-1, and roving cenrevealmg no coaching secrets to say from Dayton, Ky., although just ter defensive formations.
Reeck Calls Campus Grapplers
? of To Initisl Of Sgbsoh
3 Mai Shweig vs. W. L. Schalliol 4 0. S. Bassett vs. Bob Cameron 5 J. G. Mitchell vs. D. H. Rodgers 6 D. G. Robinson vs. J. M. Harwich 7 Al Geraci vs. George Kern 8 R. Weussmire vs. M. Anderson 9 F. E. Sines vs. W. R. Dudzinsli 10 J, E. Rupp vs. M. L. Hoffman 11 George Black vs. E. E. Jett 12 R. W. Greider vs. C.'R. Parrish 13 H. P. Voth vs. E. Arbegust 14 L. Holtzman vs. Bill Hopkins 16 D. M. Long vs. Oscar Smuckler 16 A. J. Weinberger vs. Tom Ewing 17 Bob Wells vs. C. B. Ralihan
(Buckets) Hirsch, fullback, Don Buff mire, right half, and Dud Kean, quarterback, all of whom lettered
Head Wrestling Coach Claude Reeck will greet 1942 wrest-
receive a medal for his efforts., All entrants are urged to^ play
then matches as scheduled. Eacfi , — - - i n . r,
contestant will be given 15 minutes l&st year. This quartet is expected nopeiuls in the first Call-out this evening at 7l30 p. ni. in
time from the time for which the to provide the Wildcats with a ver- room 105 of the Fieldhouse.
match is <'fecheduied; after this in- satile running and passing attack. Coach Reeck has extended his invitation to upperclassmen,
as well as freshman grapplers, to attend the open meeting.
teival, the opponent may claim a Backfield Reinforcements
default. For backfield reinforcements, . ... . . . . Champ stettner Back Coach Lynn Waldorf must turn Stressing that previous wrestling experience IS not required Dipir loot iroav’o *0 sophomorcs, no other let- for the team. Coach Reeck has — ....
is back to defend his rurels How-’ Pointed out that half of last
newcomers are Joe Scriba of Owosso, Mich.; Nick Vodick of South Bend; Junie Franck of Davenport,
ever, bairmg his way to the crown, are some well known varsity play-
I n naiinan among whom are Gus Arm- ^ ^ „ ■ „ WoU XT la.; and John Winter of Evanston,
18 P. Leninger vs. R. W. Freyman strong, Walt Dudzinski, and Dave ^ Mr-NnU. of P.olhv.
19 W. W. Dingle vs. R. G. Hannam Rodgeis.
20 G. N. Vriens vs. A. Herrmann Anyone wishing to enter this 21 Dick Wolf vs. R. Stettner tournament who has as yet failed
22 C. Christensen vs. M. J. Gardner to do
23 F. L. McQuaiy vs. A. Wunder 24 S. G. Eaton vs. Don Dial
Fraternity Golf Meet To End Tomorrow As yet only 17 of the 32 fraternities have qualified men for the Fra-
The following All-Camptis Tennis Singles matches will be played Friday evening, Sept. 18, at 4:16: Court
1 K. V. Smith vs. C. H. Stockman Fieldhouse. These lesults, with 2 B. M. GlaZer vs. L. A. Choen scoies, should be posted imm6di3 Pat Gibbons vs. Nat Laskin ately after the conclusion of the
(See IM SCHEUDLES, page 4) match.
year's Boilermaker wrestling squad did not wrestle in high
school.
halfbacks; Lynne McNutt of Colby, The 'wrestling mentor will Kansas, quaiterback, and Laurie discuss with the applicants the Adelman of Milwaukee, fullback. time of practices and regular drills.
Replacing Alf Bauman, last Workouts, will be optional and not ternity Golf Championship. The
deadline for these qualifying rounds
Reeck hopes that this year’s var- has been set as tomorrow sundown
It is of utmost importance that ""“‘‘C" duplicate the feat and all those entering must have I «io,— „ ^^^4- +1... y 6 > ^ of last year’s championship team played 18 qualifying holes by then.
which captured the Western Con- For the sake of convenience and due ference wrestling title and placed to the shortened playing hours in several men in the National AAU the evening, it has been made posspots in the meet at Chicago. sible for all entrants to split their This year’s squad will compete qualifying rounds in two parts, in a dual meet and in the AAU Playmg nine one evening and the
may still sign up. This All-American tackle, and de- eompuTsory tournament is open to all connected ^eloping a center to replace Don
with the University in any way. . o X uiai. o. i/xcoclltS th6 Uic»jv.fx
all playeis post the results df their problems. Just how successful matches on the tournament sched- Wildcats have been in solving
these problems will not be detei mined until after the first game
at least.
Karlstad To Replace Bauman
ule which will be pla'ced on the Intramuial Bulletih Board in the
Upon the broad and willing shoul- ■ . ders of Warren Karlstad, 225 pound tourney before Christmas vacation, remaining nine the next senior tackle, rests the formidable thus necessitating the starting of Must Play Three Men
Faced by the loss of two stellar grapplers, Malcolm “Mickey” MacDonald in the 121 lb. class, and Capt. Casey Fredericks in the 128 lb. class, the coach is searching for
task of replacing the great Bau- drills during football season man. He has the physical qualifica- MacDonald, Fredericks Lost
tions for the job plus an impelling uige to hold down a starting assignment. The other tackle position IS occupied by Ray Vincent, husky junioi, while two more lettermen,
Bob Carlson and Tony Samarzia are material to plug these holes,
also available at the tackle posts. Capt. Nick Buike heads up a tiio of veteian guards which also includes Alex Kaptei and Johnny Gent. The lattei may miss the opening game because of a broken bone
in his left hand.
Each fraternity must have at least three men play a qualifying round to receive their participation points. However, a frat may enter as many golfers as it wishes, thus enhancing its chances of gaining additional points by placing high
up in the tourney.
Any linksmen wishing to qualify
MacDonald, 121 lb. sophomore for both the Fraternity and the Allwonderboy from Tulsa, Okla., who Campus Golf Tournament may do was the Big Ten champion and lun- go by simply placing the words ner-up in the national competition, “All-Campus” above their fraleft the University to accept an ternity on their scorecards when
appointment with the U. S. Naval they are turned in.
Academy at Annapolis. Capt. Fred-
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
encks, of Hammond, graduated last spring after capturing an amazing string of titles Fredericks was undefeated in dual meets for three years, being the Big Ten 128 lb.
champ for three years. “Any wrestler who comes along has a good chance to take the places of these two,” stated Coach Rpeck.
champ, and national 118 lb. champ, and urged that all those interested and was the Midwest AAU 121 lb. in the sport report tonight.
YOUR KEY TO MILES OF STYLE AND COMFORT ■I Extra walking today calls for extra comfort. You'll find comfort you've never known in Fortune's new "Moxfords." They’re styled and built for miles of walking pleasurel Step into a Fortune . . ■ Jor_ci wealth of satisfaction. EXCLUSIVE AGENT for Bostonian at $8.50 J. P. Smith at .. $8.00 Jarman $6.85-$S.85 B. & W. SHOE CO. EAST SIDE SQUARE
|fWr THEJAFSf
Help the Treasury “Minute Men” nf America by going td the nearest store and buying your U. S. DEFENSE BDMDS and _ STAMPS TODAYI - ^ t ^
Ttmrsday^ Bdpit&mt^r 1%
.f r
■liii
CosmopoHtati Club Dunham
To Celebrate
Founmng Friday
(
1>^ f i! -S-
AJl new and old students who are interested m the activities of the Cosmopolitan Club are invited to attend a tea that will be given in the Familty Lounge of the Union from 2*30 to 3 SO Sunday afternoon. Several members of the faculty willbe present. This tea, in addition to being designed to acquaint prospective members with the activities of the club, is also to celebrate the founding of the University chaptei of the club 85 years ago. The membership has consisted chiefly of students fi om othei lands, many of them from countries half way around the world, howevei, the membeiship is open to other stu-
dents
Blackout Queen '■ (Continued from page 1) may be heaped upon them from time to tune as the SDX Biawl committee decides ry Admission Price Lowered In ordei to make the Biawl attractive even to those students whose wallets lack the traditional pdmission price of $1 99 V2, the pi ice has been lowered to the unheard of low of 65% As di-ess to the affaii will consist of all those shades and vaiieties of dress and undress that one v ould happen to be weaiing at the time of an unexpected blackout, the above price includes insuiance that Mr Valleley, managei of the Union, will not look with scoin at anyone entering his establishment diessed rather unconventionally during the evening of October 2 Camera Club To Hold ^ tj « 1? ^ ) •f' -fFirst Meeting Today All students who are interested in joining the Cameia Club aie in vited to attend the first fall meeting today at 7 30 p m in room 304 of the Union The club has a new enlaigei to add to its facilities Poui daik looms aie reseived for membeis Throughout the yeai the club presents a series of varied piogiams, including outside speakers, films and slides and models With meetings usually eveiy two weeks on Thuisday nights the pho tographers accent then yeai with a salon exhibit once a semester Students and faculty aie invited to submit entries foi the exhibit Activities Bureau To Begin Interviews Activities Bureau begins its an pual interviewing of fieshmen to night at the Sigma Chi, Beta Theta Pi, Phi Gamma Delta and Delta Upsilon houses Interviews aie given to help the fieshman choose the activity which most suits his personality and in which he is most interested The various activities and their pui poses will be explained in these inteiviews, which will continue through the next eight weeks at the fiateinities and Cary Hall All fieshmen will be called foi interviews, and the cooperation of all IS uiged in ordei that the survey may be complete University Students Present Musical Virginia Uliey, sophomore in home economics and membei of the Conceit Choir, and Maiy Louise Reppeit will piesent a musical program for the Rotary Club of North Manehestei tonight John Hatfield, tenoi and assistant in the depaitment of agricul tuial chemistry, will also appeal on the piogiam Foundation To Hold Party Tomorrow The Chiistian Foundation will sponsoi a “School Daze” paity in the Towel Room of the Union tomorrow evening at 7i30 Admission at the late of one tent for each inch aiound the person’s waist will be thaigtd Those who plam to attend the mixei are en couraged to attend the paity first and are not lequiied to weai costumes Refieshments will be sti\ed
(Continued from page 1) post office With a USO sign and miciophone for aiinouncing the redson foi then presence, the band went to woik and, in one hour, collected $4,500 foi the USO.
Plays In Stadium
Shoitly theieafter the Red Cross staged a gigantic show in the NeWaik baseball stadium and called m a laige gioup of “name bands” including Sonny and his gioup to play foi the 23,000 peisons in attendance. Then, thiee weeks later, Dunham’s band was called in by Abe Green, head of the National Boxing Association, to swing out for the undei privileged childien of Patter-
son, New Jeisey Mayor Impressed
Sonny rates the latter appeal ance as one of his inajoi successes in spite of the fact that he had to play fiom the middle of a boxing ring The engagement resulted in a personal call from Jersey City’s Mayoi Flank Hauge who asked him to play as guest soloist at a WPA Conceit IB Jeisey City’s baseball stadium The worthy cause—a wai stamp drive—foi which Dunham will play tomoiiow night Will begin at 7 p m in the Music Hall Doois will
open at 6 30
After the convocation, at 8 30, Sonny Dunham and his band will retire to the ballrooms of the Union to plhy foi the second in the Union’s senes of “name dances” Admission to the affaii is $1 65, including tax IM Schedules (Continued fiom page 3) 4 C N Ross vs Ralph Biay 5 Mike Kovalow vs W Stevenson 6 R E Rawlings vs J D Thomas 7 J T Rodgeis vs E P Wells 8 J C Hanison vs G E Gifford 9 D L Johnson vs winner of D M Long vs 6scai Smucklei match 10 H Miller vs winner of W W Dingle vs R G Hannam 11 Tim Murdoch vs winner of K V Smith vs C H Stockman 12 Bill Mosei vs winner of J G Mitchell vs D H Rodgers 13 J C Harrison vs winner of A1 Geraci vs George Kern Please plan to pldy your matches as they are scheduled If it is not possible to play your match as scheduled, please call your opponent and arrange a time to play same Each contestant will be given 15 minutes time, after which the match may be claimed by your opponent on default ASME Holds First Meeting Tuesday “Williamson Beneath the Sea,” a motion picture, will be the feature of the first get acquainted meeting of the student branch of the Amer lean Society of Mechanical Engi neers to be held at 7 30 p m Tries day, in the north ballroom of the
Union Building
Refieshments will be served, and those interested will have an op portunity to join the Society Carol Lee Roblee
Plulmue
AWS To Hold Ffosh l>OMM
Callout Today At 4
AWS Will hold its fall call-out for freshman and sophomore workers this after iloon at 4 in the AWS office on the second floor of the
Union.
An explanation of the various activities of the office and the kinds of work that can be done there wrll be given by Dons Dombey, activities chairman, Lois Veit, office chairman, and Jane Lee McCouch, vocational chairman Sophomores interested in junior jobs should start working immediately and fieshmen should become acquainted with the Office and Its Work to prepare for second semester responsibilities All coeds are eligible to do the typing, filing, poster-making and other work for the vocational conference which IS to be held in
October
Isker Speaks (Continued from page 1) continued Kellei Beeson, of the University staff, read a paper on “The Place of Soybeans in Advancing World Nutrition,” which was prepared by M L Wilson, director of Extension, USDA Washington, D C Wilson pointed out that the rapid progress of the soybea^j^^ustry as “a stiik ing example of^^at can be accomplished under this strictly American System of Agriculture ” He outlined the work being carried on in soybean research and predicted a much gieater use of soybeans in the future Pinal Sessions Today’s program will be devoted to a tour of the soybean expei iinental woi k being car ried on on the Umveisity Expeiimental farms conducted by Kellar Beeson, extension agronomist After a luncheon at the farm, the afternoon program will be taken up with several discus sions on different phases of soybean growing and processing Over 200 people have been attending the 22nd annual conference which will close tonight after three days of discussion on the im portance of soybeans not only in livestock rations, but also then po tentialities in the human diet Subscribe To Your Campus Daily
. . military honorary, announces tbe following^ pledges for the fall semester seniors, L. L Evans, C F Foley, K K Gjemre, H H Humma, H, V. Koch, M C Myers, C L Mooie, N L Steele, L W Thorpe, F H Lauer, S G Peterson, H T. Smith, R A Tewksbury, juniorfe, N D Augsburgei, C Antonnancio, R H Clarke, J A, Gentles, R E Howes, D C Heckaid, R E Kyle, J M Kelley, P G Miller, R S, McLaughlin, W M McClure, L V Watkins, G P. Archer, W V Cross, D. A Eizinger, R D Halleck, E J Latzko, S R Lloyd, D J Miller, V L Singleton and R H Uhl
Classified Ads
For Rent—pouble room for one boy 326 West Oak For Sale—Ford Model B two door sedan Good tires Must sell Call 64l0 Typewriters Repaired All mnkob Work fruaianteed Rates reasonable Monty Montana Wesley Foundation^ 435 State Phone 69'"6 Lost—^Royal typtewriter—left Sept 6 in a store in West Lafayette Phone 2876 Wanted Bids on P A system to lent to P I A once n month for next eipht months Box 745 Cary Hall or call 8421 Pecsok WE NEED boys for banquet work If you nro jnteiested apply Purdue Union Cafe
term
Typewriters—Adding Machine^ all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph Work done C J Ebershoft 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2779 TVIon<ty* to loan on diamonds watches guns, luggage typewriters Albert s Loan Office 407 Columbia Will pay cash for any old or new used oiCiclos ICiger Shell Service Northwestern at Columbia Lost—Alpha Chi Omega pm Finder call u092 Reward Lost—Lj^ht tan gabeidine finj,eitip ram coat with 1 eo P Haigeitv printed msulc collai Value pair of glasses in pocket Phone (333 Reward Lost—Lii,ht tan gaberdine fingeitip ram coat Phone 31823 Reward
W&AA l-lolds Today, Tomorrow WBAA will hold callouts today and tomoriojv from 3 to 5 p m. for announcers, s^ortsCasteis, sound effects men, script writeis and diamsrtic aSpifants. Larry Meyers, director of Radio Stage, lias announced that theie are openings for men and women in all types of character p^uts in this feature drama|tic show piesfented each Saturday afternoon at 1. Foundation FMns Scavenger Hunt Roger Williams Foundation, student Baptist oiganization, will hold a scavenger hunt Saturday at 7 30 p m at the West Lafayette Baptist
Church
All students are invited to this affaii, and new students aie especially invited to attend.
Notices
\
Jr and Sr Enlistfid Rei^rv;lpisti All jun* loirs and scniois in the Sln^aicd' Reserve Corps who are intei'ested in taiNing the course in Leadership Military^ Courtesy and Discipline and Organization of the Army ehould sign up in the AdjutaTit s Olfice, in the Armory prior to September 23
GRAHAM
Enlisted Reserve Corps. Juniors and sen^rs desiring tp enter the Enlisted Reserve Corp^ again leininded tbiat the quota ip limited and those desiring tq enlist- should apply m Rooln B4 in the bhOenlent of the Armory as soon ns possible / I —GRAHAM MTS Cadets Repot t to supply room to draw wool uniform trousers*.
•—BROWN
Exponent junior and sen/or stnff Anyone desiring press passes see itif son -yO J Gjemre Roger Williams Foundation Softball game Saturday Sept 18 1 30 p ip a,t south end intramural peld with C hriatian Fqunda tion All riew members ui gtd to come \ —SOHALLIOL Electrical Engineering / Students AIEE picture for the Debris is co be taken Thurs day September 17 at 7 lOm tp m the south ballroom of the Union Ail those students who intend to join AIDE Htis semester may have their picturci* taken with the t^roiip —\OUNGBLOOD Purdue Engineer Important staff meet ing Friday September W at 4 p m m
the office
YOUNGBLOOD Cosntoppjitan Club Debris pictuic \m1I be taken Thursday Sept 17 in the south ballroom of, the Union at 7 45 p m
—MILI ER
ARME Debris picture Thurs lay Sept 17 at 7 SO p m Coats and tics Pita e be pn time —SCHALLIOL
pcbiris Plctujqeg Coop ^Housfea. SOA jtBoard Bivouac Scabbard and FOMM^ ^^liouaves and Virglnin C IMIeijedlth Oiub, Tuesday Sept 22 starting at 7 p m
—BADGER
lota Lambda Sigma Thcfc wij(^ be an important meeting of all thembcrs ui LaW-' she s office at 6 p m FtidaV 18 Pledging will bo discussed —WOODEN '
Triton. There will be a
WAA camn mstend of icgular meeting Tues day Sept 22 Those who ar^ going should sign the paper on the bullt’tin board nbxt to the office m the Memorial Gym beforq noon Monday Sept 21 rrice, 26c Meet
at Gym on Tuesday at 6 30
_„brownxj
Triton The Debris pictuie will be taken^ Thutsday Sept 17 at 8 1,6 p Ui AjI aotive and potentially active members be there promvtiy —BRQWNj^ Npwman Club The Newman Club will sponsor n ladio dance Saturday Sept 19» in the West Faculty I ounge Refreshments will be served and admisibion is free
—BOSSBACH
Exponent Independent Staffs Eveiyone IS invited to the picnic on Saturday Sept 19 Meet in the office at 3 p m If you plah to come bring 60c to tho office today
—LAUER
Christian Foundation ^School Dare parly Fridn^r at 7 30 at Tower Room of Union Come diossod as kids if possible Ypu mky come and leivc at any time —JOHNSON Pi Tau Sigma Shingles to be distributed to August initi itos at meeting Thursday Sept 17 Rlease be tU(jrc. —KlNNEX Roger Williams Foundation Scavenger hunt Saturday September 19 at 7 30 p m Mtot nt church in the Foundation room Everyone welcome Price 16c
—ULREY
Lost—Delta Gamma pin Reward Call 843J Catherine Leuty Lost—Will the person who took a West held watch from the men s rest room main fiooi of the Union Building ariind 11 0 clock Tuesday please call 7903 Reward
1 hanks
Lost—Liberty bicycle Left Sept 10 in m fiont of Cary Hall Southwest Phone 8121 Reward Leroy Ruck
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
sophomoie in the School of Science, was last night elected secietaiy of Associated Women Students foi the fall teim
Fnlistcd Reserve Applicants All btudcnt<i who applied for enlistment m the Enlisted Reocrvo Corps during the summer term and have not yet been enlisted should report to lom B4 in the basement ot the Armory to compute their enlistment —graham Junior Military Students Who were for meily inplyded under par 20 {i e at their own expense) but who have since signed the contract will please pall at the Military Department Supply Office and obtain re fund of deposits —LT BROWN Glider Club Open meeting Thursday eve nine beptomber 17 in room 356 of the Uaion at 7 30 p m Moving pictures of Club activities will be shown
—SHAKEL
Sutn-mer Mari'iage Course Rnjollecs Promised booklets from Dr Buikhart are in the office of Dr Wiljccning, dean of men Those who desire may obtain them by c illiiig anytime from 0 to 4 p m —PATRICK History Gov and Leon ‘C* Removal Examinations for the removal of conditions and incompletes in Hist Eqon and Gov will be held on Sat Oct 10 at 1 p m in 1 jom 313 of tlu recitation building Appli cation must bt made in advance
-r-ESTRY
Zouaves Practice for Corps Day Drills Si.pt 24 and 29 will be held Monday through Friday of every week until notice of dis contmuition is given in the Armory at 4pm —JACKSON Fraternity Rush Chairmen The FAO files of new freshmen interested in being rushed XXL available anytime after 4pm Monday through Friday —WILCOX Pi Tau Sigma Meeting Thursday Sept 17 in Pi Tau Reading Room at 4 p m Discussion of coming activities —KOERNER Camera Club Meeting for organization for fall semester on Thursday Sept 17 at 30 p m in room 304 of the Union Old members and those who are interested in joining please attend —FURMAN ASCE Debris picture Thursday Sep tember 17 at 10 p m in south ballroom of Union All members are urged to be present ^ -.-LOVE
information, on Whqt to Send When to Mail How to Pack PACKAGES ★ ★ ★
lOU want your service man to receive his gifts on lime and in good condit\>n. Come in end ask for FREB folder giving full official U. S. Government regulgtiggiB $ee our full line of TIE-TIE Gift Wra pplngs-Ribbonett« for 5ervie^M(irrs packages.^ Decker’s Inc.
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
emus
Theta Xi
, . social fiateinity, announces the election of the following of ficpib president, James D Kain, vice picbident, Mac Blau, tieas Utei, Edwin I Schraf, coiiespondif}g secietaiy, Edwaid Agni, first stewaid, Geoige Mackley, second ptewaid, Louis Fischci, lush chairman, Joseph Pciiy, social chaiiin$n, Aithui Woods, and activities Geoige Mackley.
DEBRIS Activity and Organizatidii Picture Schedule South Ballroom, Union Building Thursday, Sept. 17 7:00 Agricultural Education Society 7:10 American institute of Electrical Engineers 7:20 American Institute of Metallurgical Engineers 7:30 American Society of Mechanical Engineers 7:40 Chinese Students Club 7:50 Cosmopolitan Club 8:00 Dairy Club 8:10 Dolphin Club 8:20 Triton Club 8:30 Forestry Club 8:40 Virginia C. Meredith Club 9:00 Horticultural Society 9:10 Society of Automotive Engineers 9:20 Modern Dance Club 9:30 Y.W.C.A. ‘ 10:00 American Society of Civil Engineers 9:40 American institute of Chemical Engineers 10:20 Hoof and Horn 10:30 Poultry Club % MEN —PLEASE WEAR COATS AND TIES
SUBSCRIBE NOW!
0jmjL TyUuu OIL Saboajl
OlVE SEMESTER
tWd semesters .
MAiltd ABJYWHERE
For the latest in Campus, City, and World IVews
HEAD
THE EXPDIVEMT
Your Campus Paper Fhune 40D5
\ *■