Purdue
Summer Session
1 Exponent
Vol. 3 No. 1
WEST LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
THURSDAY, JUNE 15, 1939
Summer Session Opens This Morning
Harry Reed To Succeed Old And New
Expect Record Enrollment
Skinner As Dean Of Ag
Harry J. Reed, acting Agricultural Experiment Station director since July, 1938, and a member of the University staff for 22 years, has been named dean of the school of agriculture and director of the Agricultural Experiment Station and Department of Agricultural Extension, effective July 1. He will succeed Director J. H. Skinner, who has been on leave for some months because of illness and who will retire at the end of the present month. The appointment was made Sat-
urday at the regular* quarterly meeting of the Board of Trustees and was announced by President E. C. Elliott. T. A. Coleman, acting diretcor of extension during the past year, was named associate director of extension, and V. C. Freeman, acting dean of the School of Agriculture, was named associate dean. An associate director of the Agricultural Experiment Station is still to be selected. Here Since 1916 Eeed is a fellow of the American Association for Advancement of Science, and holds membership in the American Association of Horticultural Science, American Genetics Society, Indiana Academy of Science, and Purdue Section of the American Chemical Society. He has been associated with the University since 1916 and ik^as enrolled as a member of the 1911 class. Following his graduation from Purdue in 1897, Dr. Skinner joined the staff for two years as a research man, but then accepted a post at the University of Illinois where he remained for two years, returning to Purdue as professor of animal husbandry. He became head of this department when it was organized in 1906 and a year later was made dean of the School of Agriculture when this post was created. Dr. Skinner held this position continuously since then until illness forced his leave of absence. In 1928 he was ifemed director of the AgriculturaF E^eriment Station and a^so director of Agricultural Extension, the first time these three offices had been combined under one head. At that time he relinquished his duties as head of the animal husbandry department.
Eleven Regular . . .
ing.
Joseph Regains Named As Stewart’s Assistant
Purdue Pilots All Pass Exams, Nation’s First
Of Over 1500 Students
As registration got underway this morning in the Executive Building the 1939 summer session officially opened. It is rumored that between 1,500 and 2,000 students are ex-, pected to enroll. If this number is reached, a new summer session record will be made.
Joseph
Nowlan
Killed In Crash
With the addition of 14 new licencees, all of the 50 students assigned to the Purdue CAA have satisfactorily completed the course and passed examinations for their flying certificates. Purdue had 50 of 330 trainees, at least 20 more than the number in any other institution, and was the first to complete its flying program. The new students to win their wings are Jack N. Frazier, Danville; Thad D. Lantz, Anderson; Robert H. Lehman, Ft. Wayne; Art Bodeau, Chicago, 111.; G. M. Bayles, Pennville; R. B. Marozick, DesPlaines, 111.; D. E. McCoy, Greencastle; Maurice Parson, Fairmount; Robert Wagner, Lakeville; F. A. Mayfield, Akron, Ohio; Kenneth Murdock, New York, N. Y.; J. W. Christy, Indianapolis; E. L. Conn, Hammond, and A. D. Johnson, Newark, N. J.
... of the School of Agriculture are shown above. Harry J. Reed has been named head of the Ag school. Director of the Ag Experiment Station, and Department of Ag Extension, effective July 1. He will succeed Dr. J. H. Skinner (right) who will retire due to illness.
Joseph Nowlan, freshman engineer from Frankfort, was killed yesterday morning at 10 a. m. when the car in which he was ridibg with two boy friends was struck by a north-bound Monon passenger train near Frankifort. Robert Norris was also \killed in the crash, although Paul Benge was not seriously hurt. Their homes are in Frankfort, but they are not University students.
Registration is being held in rooms 303 and 304 of the Executive Building from 7 until noon, and 1 to 4 p. m. Registration fees are $31, and are payable at the cashier’s desk in the Executive Building. A schedule of classes and courses will be posted on the first floor for reference. Those who have summer session bulletins may turn to the last pages for reference. This year’s summer session is under the direction of Dr. F. B. Knight of the University division of education and applied psychology. He will be assisted by Prof. George E. Davis of the teacher placement service.
Announce Complete Eight Health Champs Merit Scholar List Pjcked At 4-H Meet
Names of 56 winners of
Dr. John Dorsey . . .
... Exponents will appear throughout the nine weeks of summer school. Next issue after today’s will be distributed next Tuesday. The following Thursday and Tuesday will also be publication dates, and every Thursday thereafter. Papers will be distributed free to the campus, with mail subscriptions for the 11 issues selling at 50 cents. Classified ads will be accepted up until noon of the day preceeding publication, and may be purchased at the main desk of the Union. The same deadline will be effective for University notices, which may be phoned into the editorial offices in the Union build-
... of the Children’s Center, Detroit, Mich., who will direct the discussions centering around the basic needs of the child, in the “Foundations of Education” series next week.
special merit scholarships to Purdue were announced recently by Dr. H. H. Remraers, director of the Division of Educational Reference. The scholarship winners, whose awards amount to $30 per semester because of the elimination of certain fees, will be good as long as a high scholastic record is maintained. The winners were selected from more than 150 who took the examinations several weeks ago, the scholarships being offered to encourage scholastic achievement. The complete list of scholarship winnei’S is as follows: W. E. Lewis, Shortridge, Indianapolis; R. E. Mangum, Howe; L. McAllister Jr., New Carlisle; Helen McCabe, Brook; F. McDonald, Jr., Washington; Martha E. McMaifie, Clayton; S. Minton, Shortridge, Indianapolis; L. Myers, Jr., Hartford City; H. D. Nelson, Issac C. Elston, Michigan City; R. J. Orr, Hammond. R. M. Park, Plainfield; J. H. Pickrell, Roosevelt, East Chicago; R. E. Robertson, Warren Central, Indianapolis; R. M. Schultz, Batesville; A. D. Silva, Columbus; N. L. Spectoi, Washington, East Chicago; R. E. Sprague, Technical, Indianapolis; E. Stockinger, Batesville; C. A.
Pair Of 125 -year- old Saddle Bags Now Hang In Agriculture Museum
A pair of leather saddle bags, used by one of Indiana’s early practicing physicians. Dr. John Thomas, of Wayne county in 1810, was presented to the University this week to be added to the score of relics and early farming implements housed in the ag museum. The gift was made by Mrs. Mary Wright of Whitewater, Wayne county, and the bags were brought to the University by Assistant County Agricultural Agent Ed Miller. A grandson of the early practic■feg physician, who used the saddle bags, explains the equipment was a necessity to Indiana’s pioneer doctors. Mrs. Wright came into possession of the saddle bags through her son who bought property which at one time was occupied by a son of the early doctor. These bags were found in the attic of the old house.
Eight Indiana rural youngsters, four girls and four boys, were placed yesterday in the “honor champion group” in the annual health contest held in connection with the twentyfirst Boys’ and Girls’ 4-H Club Round-Up here the first three days of this week. From the ranks of the eight exponents of health, selected from county champions competing in the annual contests, will be named Indiana’s girl and boy health champions to represent the state in the national contest at Chicago next November.
Edith Mason
Stoeckel, Linton-Stockton, of Linton. W. L. Swager, North Side of Ft. Wayne; J. E. Thompson, Emerson; Martha J. Trost, Klondike; Mary C. Virtue, Lebanon; L. A. Warren, (Continued on page 2)
The eight potential state representatives placed in the honor champion group were Joan Parks, Liberty, Union county; Martha Tindall, Bruceville, Knox county; John Stafford, Tipton, Tipton county; Richard Crane, Rushville, Rush county; Wanda Bower, Sheridan, Hamilton county; Elwood Kauffman, Goshen, Elkhart county; Rosemond Reed, Kentland, Newton county, and Robert Meyer, Evansville, Vanderburg county.
. . . leading Metropolitan Opera soprano who will be guest star at the Music Festival finals to be held Saturday in the Fieldhouse at 8 p. m.
Foresters Pitch Camp In Clarke Co.
50 Counties Represented
Fifty different counties were represented in the health contest by 41 girl and 33 boy champions. Ranking right behind the “honor champion group” was a blue ribbon group of twelve contestants, including Phyllis Hoffman, Noble county; Maxine L. Abshier, Spencer county; John Edwin Mills, Marion county; Joe Miley, Sullivan county; Tilla Lybrook, Cass county; Charles Mays, Jay county; Ruth Carithers, Marshall county; Marion Knowles, Wells county; Louise Wooten, Decatur county; Clifford Haring, Pulaski county; Susan Kroft, Pulaski county, and Barbara Jean Vance, Pike county. Announcement of the results of the health contest,’'made at yesterday’s final general session by Dr. Z. M. Smith, state club leader, came as one of the highlights of the windup of the three-day ses-
Joseph M. Ragains, teacher of public school music at Windfall, has been named assistant choral director for the University and will assume his duties here July 1. Ragains, a native of Indianapolis, was a graduate of Indiana Central College at Indianapolis in 1929 and has been teaching music since that time. He formally was tenor soloist for the Robeits Park M. E. Church in Indianapolis and also is an instrumentalist, making his addition to the staff of considerable value to the music work of the Univeisity.
By W. S. Wallace ’41 Exponent Correspondent Annual opening of the Purdue Forest! y Camp took place Sunday, June 11th. While the seniois were bidding their Alma Mater fair adieu, the freshman forester is reporting to embark upon a new course of training. Camp is located on the 6,000 acre tract of land known as the Clark County State Forest, about 12 miles from Scottsburg and 22 miles from New Albany and Jeffeisonville. The camp must be opened, aired, and cleaned after being closed all winter. The task of doing those chores fell to the lot of Jack Wmchell, W. S. Wallace, Walter C. McCullough, Arthur Parrish, T. C. Hoelzer, and
D. J. Ainott. We left Lafayette Fiiday morning with Prof. C. G. Geltz, director of the camp and A. M. Herrick of the forestry staff. Professor G. E. Spencer and J. W. Hubler of the engineering staff joined us at camp and will have charge of the forest surveying. O. M. Davenport will teach dendrology. General Clean-up On our arrival at camp we opened the buildings and started cleaning out corners, cleaning the pots and pans, dishes and silverwax-e, afid cleaning up the camp area. Then we stretched the canvas and placed the b^ds and mattresses. Until our camp was in order, and the cook had things in hand, we
ate at the CCC camp. Now all was in readiness and the schedule of classes started on Monday. The morning was devoted to orientation, the afternoon and evening to entomology, under Dr. B. E. Montgomery. The remainder of the week we learn and study the trees, mensuration and foiest surveying. Here we leain by observing and actually woiking with the material in the great outdoor laboratory—the forest. Clark County State Forest is owned and operated by the Indiana Depaitment of Conservation. Purdue has an agreement with the state for the use of this area for summer instruction for the
freshman forester. It is an ideal spot with the large 28 acre forest nursery, hundreds of acres of mixed foresr plantations, a wealth of native tree species and topography not equalled anywhere in the state. We are also a part of the forest fire protective system and may get some experience fighting fire. In another issue, I shall endeavor to give you more details of the forest, of our work and our sports, for we are anticipating a great touiney of softball games with the CCC camp. You may lepoit that Forest! y Camp is starting, we are looking forward to an interesting and profitable eight weeks of instruction.
Sion which has attracted 2,200 club members and their leaders. The day’s pi-ogram also included a repitition of the high scoring
/(Continued on page 2)
Dr. J. H. Elder . . .
... of the Yale laboratory of biology at Orange Park, Florida, who will teach the courses in child psychology and psychology of adolescents dvmng the current suitihier session arrived here Wednesday. Dr. Elder, a widely known psychologist, is associated with Di‘. Yerkes there in handling a colony of chimpanzees and he will give some of his experiences in this interesting research project.
/
itr It mmNf ■
1
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Summ^ Sihool Days . . . . . . will open a new kind of academic life for many of the 1,500 students who are expected to register today. Summer school will require entirely new study methods in some cases, and offers facilities for recreation to all students which are not available during the regular school year. Courses during the summer session, most of them meeting every day, will require intensive study if the student hopes to make satisfactory grades. Work cannot be “put off” from one night to the next, the way some students are prone to do during the regular session. In spite of required study time, classfree week-ends, and in many cases a number of afternoons off, will provide plenty of time for recreation. Music programs, mixers, the summer Prom, convocations, sports, and the ever-present American pastime of summer picnicking will furnish a varied extra-curricular life for the summer session. Swimming is the nation’s number one
PURDUE EXPONENT
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct 3, 1917, authorized Jan 20, 1922 Published daily except MOndav during the regular academic year and weekly during the summer session Summer mail subscription $0 BO
Editor-in-Chief
Business Manager
R. E. Insley
W. E. Smith, Jr.
D G Terrio - - — —Editorial Director E M Antonini — _ _ — Advertising Manager Rolfe Jenkins Sports Editor J H McKee Jr Associate Editor OFFICES Editorial Union Bldg , Room E—4005 Business- 312 N Fifth, Lafayette—-6038 This newspaper is written, editedj and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director
Dr. EllioU Tells Graduates ... “You came from your little world to Purdue with many hopes and some fears. You should leave Purdue for the larger world with more hopes and fewer fears. It is timely, at this final moment, to attempt to energize your hopes; and to remind you of one of my own fears. “During your studentship you must have become aware of the numerous movements within the University to avoid the charge that the intensive, scientific training, to which you have been submitted, has prevented you from a progressive attainment of that elusive and disputed thing called Culture. Today this is a challenging word to all of those trained for the skillful performance of work in a world demanding technological competencies. The vital question is, does your educational equipment include those items of intelligence and interest that will insure your continued acceptance, not only as a scientifically trained worker, but also as a cultivated, free-minded human being? The Purdue of today, and of the future, has a permanent interest in the answer which your life is to give to this question. “A dozen jears ago a distinguished American physicist wrote, ‘The true meaning of a term is to be found by observing what a man does with it, not what he says about it.’ You have heard a great deal of talk about ‘Culture,’ and its signal importance as evidence of an education, and as a means for more complete living. Some of this has been pretty thin; some of it pretty thick. “It will be well to keep in mind that there are two confusing and contradictory meanings attached to the word Culture. The one tends to restrict its application narrowly to those things associated with art, music, drama, literature. The other maintains insistently that the proof of real Culture is the ability to recognize and to prefer the best achievements of the best workers throughout the ages for the levation of human life; the understanding of the whyness of this bestness; and a positive self urge to add something to some of the bestness. “Have you received the basic elements of a cultural education in Purdue? If you have earnestly sought the best of the whole of Purdue, then it is certain tht you will be able to put Culture into your profession and to get Culture from your profession.”
Two Members . . . fiom the staffs of othei Universities have joined the summer session staff of the Chemical Engineering school Dr. J. E Hediick, department of chemical engineer ing at Kansas State College, Manhattan, Kansas, and Prof E W Comings of the University of Illinois have alieady assumed then duties heie, accoiding to a statement by Pi of C L Lovell of the Ch E school.
Health Champs— (Continued fiom page 1) demonstiations, open house at the Fieldhouse and Gymnasium, a panel discussion by Mai ion county junior leadeis on “Just Us Girls,” and addi esses of particulai inteiest to the gills by Doiothy Stratton, dean of women, and Bernice Schieibei, of Lafayette, beauty culture specialist
Merit Scholar List— (Continued from page 1) Frankfort; R. E. Wilson, Technical, Indianapolis; R. E. Woodward, Carlisle; C. F. Yeiser, Avilla; J. E. Yingst, Central, Muncie; Ellen Zeigler, Lew Wallace, Gary; Aleta R Zerbei, Stillwell. More Named Alice M Altherr, Jeflferson, Lafayette; G K Black, Veedersburg; Marjorie A. Bollman, West Lafayette; J. W. Brown, Williamsport; W. Brown, Beech Grove, Indianapolis, Mary E Byers, Jefferson, Lafayette; R. R Caitmell, Hagerstown; S N. Davis, Newbeiry; C. Doup, Columbus R A Dover, Middlebury; D. H. Eldiidge, Jr., Central, South Bend; E Esping, Lew Wallace, Gary; Margaret F Estep, Peru Senior; J Fassnacht, Central, South Bend; L Fix, Klondike; V Gable, Losantville; K. H Goslin, George Washington, Indianapolis; Betty H. Her old, Anderson Senior; G. N Hoffer, West Lafayette; R C Howard, Goshen R. L. Jenkins, Linlawn, Wabash; H M Johnson, Peru Senior; Mary S. Johnson, St Francis, Lafayette; G E. Kieper, Isaac C. Elston, Michigan City; W G. Koeiner, Central, Evansville; R S Kolb, Vevay Added Attraction . . . of the gala University Music Festival next Saturday evening in the Fieldhouse jyill be little fiveyear old Marilyn Ormandy, of Martinsville, who plays drum solos She has the reputation of being one of the cleverest and most talented soloists, playing with absolue rhythm and perfect time She is accompanied by her mother and sings popular songs in a unique style
When You Dress...
rely on our expert cleaning service to keep your summer linen and Palm Beach Suits immaculate You will like the thoroughness of our cleaning . the expert pressing that gives your suit its original dash and smartness Phone 4081 for prompt pick-up and delivery service
:k
r
summertime sport. We would highly recommend the mixed swims from 7:30 to 9 o’clock every evening, both as a healthy form of recreation, and as an opportunity for summertime scoial activity.
A. HIW UNIVEHSAl PJCIUBt —Plus SEE AMERICA'S 1 SECRET AGENTS
Inspired by those “H” ’s earned in Sweet Shop 5&10, we are back to the old grind again to trade them for a few |tours of “C” and D” acquired elsewhere along the
rough road of learning.
b-b
Herb “Junior” Overton rose to the height of his glory Tuesday nite . . . seems that he made the 4-H convention a success . . . ask him and he’ll tell you.
b-b
The wolves are hungry again. Morgan Miers, Mytinger, Joe Doyle, and Dave Light chiseled into the 4-H dance. Did youse doggies get a date?
b-b
Then there’s the story of the gal that didn’t drink . . . very much She went out with the fellow who COULDN’T drink much ... it seems. Does he still think you are a deserter, Libby?
b-b
AT the earliest convenience of the writer we will have all the phone numbers and classification of all eligible coeds published. On second thought .... dig your own ditches, men.
b-b
ED’S NOTE! Betty Wickard is looking for a rich ED. A fellow with beer change will do.
b-b
John Petty may think he’s the answer to a maiden’s prayer, but in reality, lots of folks around here would like to use him for squirrel bait.
b-b
The Chi-0 mouse won’t give “Skippy” Rothrock a tumble. We told you, Skippy, not to take your slipstick out on a date.
b-b
What will Theta Connie Reifers do without Beta George MacDonald? Maurice Hoffman’s blonde IS doing some plain and fancy t^vo-timing. Stick to brunettes, Mauri, they’re much safer,
b-b
How did it happen that both Jim Rising and Mary Jordan got then lips cut? We think an explanation IS due.
b-b
Ginny from Yonkers is getting a lot of attention from that tall dark man from Philadelphia. Barnum was right.
b-b
Sciewball Maiy Kay Best’s tiue love IS up from I U. Now she’s in
LUNA TODAY-FRI.-SAT. 2 First Run Hits WOO. irn ™ ^ *iLi ijy SmU N@crpoc«
WHY is it FREE? Succeeding issues, as well as this one, will be made available to you free of charge. Indirectly, the merchants whose advertisements appear in this paper are responsible. Cooperate with these merchants and show your appreciation by BUYING in GREATER LAFAYETTE. the Purdue Exponent
retirement (as if she hasn’t always been as far as the Boilermaker campus is concerned). It’s a pity for what will the Exponent staff do for activity. b-b Judge Bates, the SPE romeo, will have some trouble when he takes up where he left off before summer session. His loose tooth won’t help any, and he may need a whole new upper plate!
ARC TODAY THRU SAT. -rtta.(knfUU)^anufin
i
OOWHOH tHlfARM
and
Also “HAWK OF THE WILDERNESS” Serial
Sun., Mon. “KENTUCKY” “PECK’S BAD BOY WITH THE CIRCUS”
MARS TODAY - FRIDAY
Starting SATURDAY
LAUOHS! SHiiEKS! eHEEiS! You'll vote it the funniest IV2 hours
EXTRA
Bombshell of Revelation! ^ While America Sleeps*’ See Foreign Spies at-worl^ See Traitors Gnawing at the Vitals otr a Great Nation! ALL TAKEN FROM ACTUAL FACT
AIR CONDITIONED COOL NEW MAIN
TODAY-FRI.-SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
Torchy Blane’s Most Exciting Adventure “Blondes At Work” with GLENDA FARRELL BARTON MACLANE —Plus— Trouble at the Border When Uncle Sam’s Patrol clamps down “Forged Passport” with PAUL KELLY JUNE LONG
-EXTRADONALD DUCK’S Golf Game
LAFAYETTE TODAY-FRI.-SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
Warden [awes’ Bullet-Riddled Orama!
—Plus “Thinman” Thrills . . . Laughs . . .“Romance ... in the year’s grandest mystery romance . . .
MflVYNDOUOlK L.uU%UlTr. G«.. LOCKHART C DougiasDUMBRILLE • M-6 M Picture Starting SUNDAY A NEW ROBIN HOOD Australia’s Robin Hood re-lives the breathless days j when men fought, loved and died
Ci9mM FURY with BRIAN AHERNE VICTOR McLAGLEN JUNE LANG
*7Thursday, June 15,1939
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
3 igtS^
904 Degrees Awarded At 65th Annual Graduatioiii
Board OK’s Staff Changes
, ,#
Several faculty changes were given approval by the Board, of Trustees of the University which met in quarterly session last week for approval of degrees and transaction of a large amount of routine business. Among the principal appointments made was that of Dr. G. B. Bachman, who will come next September as associate professor of chemistry to succeed Dr. G. E. Middleton, who retires June 30. Dr. Bachman is a cum laude graduate of the University of Colorado and holds his doctor of philosophy degree from Yale University. Later he studied in Europe under Pregl and Wieland, Nobel prize winners in chemistry, then taught at Ohio State University, and for three years has been research chemist for the Eastman Kodak
Company at Rochester, N. Y.
David C. Pfendler, who has been ——
a half-time graduate assistant the last two years, was made assistant to the dean of the School of Agriculture with the rank of instructor. Pfendler formerly lived at Acton and is a Purdue graduate in agri-
culture.
Prof. Wm. Marshall, head of the department of mathematics, who was scheduled to retire at the close of the current year, was persuaded to remain on duty as executive of the department until a new head is
selected.
Other appointments were announced as follows: Scott Elledge,
instructor in English and speech to succeed H. J. Muller, resigned; Miss Georgia E. Elliott, assistant foods manager of Cary Halls; Miss Wilma J. Eviston, assistant foods manager at the Memorial Union; Miss Rosemary Lodde, graduate assistant in foods and nutrition in school of Home Economics; J. C. Lottes, instructor in chemical engineering to succeed R. K. Toner, resigned; E. S. Pietsch, instructor in machine design in the school of Mechanical Engineering; and G. W. Stewart, instructor in chemical and metal-
lurgical engineering.
Save
, ^ on used text books and supplies by buying at Southworth’s Purdue’s Complete Bookstore
You’ll enjoy the courtesy and convenience of a well managed store while saving time and money. Trade at Southworth’s this summer.
Southworth’s
College Book Store
Miss McFarland . . . . . . associate professor of home economics education, is to be a member of the summer session staff at Colorado State College, Ft. Collins, for six weeks. She will teach a course in the “Methods of Teaching Family Relationships and Child Development.” Among resignations were the following; Prof. Marion E. Griffith, Misses Ardath Unrau and Esther C. McKinney of the school of home economics; and Jack Newson in the testing materials laboratory. Leaves of absence were granted the following: Prof. William Braswell, of the English department, for further study of religious thought; T. E. Shaw, extension forester, for six weeks this summer for further study at Yale University. Several gifts also were accepted by the board as follows: Two bronze models of Percheron horses, valued at $260 each from Charles J. Lynn, of Carmel, vicepresident of Eli Lilly & Co., and a noted Percheron horse breeder. A valuable library on glass of 204 volumes from Dr. A. W. Bitting, San Francisco, Calif.^ From the Indiana Federation of Clubs’ Student Loan Fund, $175, sent by Miss Louise Klinglen, of Brazil; $100 from the Indianapolis Alumnae Club of Purdue; $100 from the Indiana Highway Materials and Equipment Association; $50 from the Purdue Women's Club of Pittsburgh and $3 more from the Indiana Home Economics Association for the Virginia C. Meredith gradaute loan fund.
Bill Mariin . . Honorary Diplomas Handed Hoffer, Lilly, Dienner, Harvey; Mihal No. 1 Athlete A record breaking total of 904 degrees, including 77 masters and doctors degrees, were granted Sunday at the University's sixty-fifth annual commencement exercises held before a crowd of approximately 6,000 persons in the Fieldhouse. In addition to the 904 degrees granted then, the class of 1939 includes 101 students who completed their work last August, and 65 who finished at the end of the first semester in January, making the grand total for the year,
1,070,-^
.... who will hold down the Union ballroom bandstand tomorrow night from 9 until midnight. This appearance of Martin and his band with Jo Friend soloing, will open the summer session mixer schedule, and admission will be free.
WBAA Will Audition SS Talent Monday Tryouts for the staff positions on WBAA during the summer will be held Monday, June 19, at 4 o’clock, announced Gilbert D. Williams, program director, yesterday. All applicants are asked to report promptly at 4 in the main studio on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering building,^ The positions for which auditions will be given at this time are announcers, both men and women, actors for the . weekly dramatic production. Radio Stage, script writers of all types, and sound effects operators.
SAVE
10% 25%
By Purchasing Your Summer School Supplies
at the
PURDUE 5c to ^1.00
in the village
WHY?
Why are we so popular among Purdue^ollege students for auto repairs and service? We believe it's because we insist upon the most painstaking attention to all of your motoring problems — and because our prices are right.
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
525 Alabama
After You — We Come First
Phone 4048
7 7 'The'^'school of mechanical engineering led in the number of grad-. uates with 202, and the school of agriculture was second with 104. Numbers of graduates from other schools were as follows: Science, 103; Home Economics, 99; Electrical Engineering, 90; Chemical Engineering, 90; Civil Engineering, 45; Pharmacy, 28; Forestry, 26; Public Service Engineering, 16;' Physical Education, 17; Trade and Industrial Education, 5, and Engineering Law, 1. The 77 advanced degrees granted included 14 degrees as Doctor of Philosophy. A total of 184 students who took the advanced military work received com; missions as second lieutenants of field artillery in the U. S. army, while there were pix special band diplomas. Among the added features of the (Commencement exercises were the conferring of four honorary doctor degrees, and the announcement of awards to outstanding members of the student 'body in various lines of endeavor. The honorary doctor degrees were conferred as follows: Josiah K. Lilly, Indianapolis, trustee of the University from 1927 to 1938, a leader in the field of pharmacy — Doctor of Laws. Dr. George N. Hoffer, West Lafayette, former staff member who is noted for his achievements in the fields of plant physiology, pathology, ^nd nutrition — Doctor of Science. John A. Dienner, of Chicago, 111., national and international authority on patent law, who was graduated from Purdue in 1910 — Doctor of Engineering. Dr. Rodney B. Harvey, University of Minnesota, distinguished plant physiologist, who was graduated from Purdue in 1912—Doctor of Science. Present Awards H. G. Reisner Trophy, given to the member of the Purdue Independent Association who has the highest scholastic average during his four years, was awarded to Eric W. Swanson, of Knox, who was graduated with distinction from the school of agriculture, while the Big Ten medal for combined proficiency in scholarship and athletics went to Joe Mihal, of Gary, co-captain of " last year’s footljall team, who also won athletic awards in basketball and baseball. The Flora Roberts Medal awarded to the best all-around woman member of the graduating class, was won by Mary Wien, of Lafayette, who was exceedingly active in a wide variety of extra-curricular projects in addition to maintaining a high scholastic average. The Chi Omega prize of $26.00, awarded to a senior woman majoring in Education on the basis of scholarship, personality and attitude toward education, went to Kathryn M. Merritt, of West Lafayette, who had 48 hours of H, 99§ hours of A, and 16 hours of^.^ during her collegiate career and was graduated with highest distinction from the school of science. Other Students Honored Memberships in the American Society of Civil Engineers, given by the Illinois and Indiana sections of the society to prominent members of the graduating class in civil engineering, were awarded to Frederick Farr, Jr., Hamilton, Ohio; Frederick C. Ahrens, St. Louis, Mo.; and John D. Goshorn, Winchester. Robert M. Sasser, of Ch^ago, 111., an outstanding member of the varsity debate squad, won the W. F. Miller wrist watch awarded annually in memory of his son. Ford Miller, to the senior mechanical engineer who shows the greatest efficiency in presenting a technical subject to a group of technical and non-technical ffien.
Employment Rate Up 8.3 Percent For Class of *39 According to a statement released recently from! the University personnel office, 57.1 percent of the class of ’39 have already been placed in jobs for which they were trained. This figure is a rise of 8.3 percent over the same, time last year when only 48.8 percent of the graduating class were actually employed. Of the class of ’39, 461 definitely have jobs, and 84 have not been heard from yet.., These 84 are principally from the graduate school. Comparative percentages of the graduates employed from the different schools is a^ follows: Civil 52, Chemical 56, Electrical 46, Mechanical 66, ^Eng. Law 100, Public Service 69, Trade and Industrial Education 20, Ag 69, Science 38, Pharmacy 82, Physical Ed for Men 41, Home Ec 47, and Forestry 23. Stewart To Tryout SS Chorus In Fowler Hell Tryouts. for the summer session chorus will be held tonight at 7 p. m. in Fowler Hall, according to an announcement received yesterday from A1 Stewart, University choral director. The chorus to be selected will be composed of both men and women, and will sing for various occasions throughout the summer. All SS students are eligible to try out. Use the north door. Martin Recognized The Major Theodore P. Walker award of $100.00, given to the student * eligible.._for election to Phi Lambdd Upsilon, honorary chemical engineering fraternity, who has maintained the highest scholastic average during his four years in the University, was won by Don Stanley Martin, Jr., of 4911 Kenwood Ave., Indianapolis, who was graduated with highest distinction in chemical engineering. Martin had a scholastic index of 6.03 for his four years, but was closely pressed by Dick Duffey, of LaFontaine, who missed out by only one one-hundredth of a point with a scholastic index of 6.02. The Sigma Delta Chi medals, announced recently by the Purdue chapter of the national professional journalistic fraternity, were formally presented by President Elliott. R. B. Stewart, University controller, received the Leather Medal awarded annually to the person who has done the most for the University during the year, and Prof. S. Fairman, of the department of applied mechanics, the best teacher medal. Procession First Commencement services proper were preceded by the academic procession which wound its way about the campus and entered the Fieldhouse to processional music played by the symphonic band. A prelude by the band was followed by the invocation by the Rev. Michael Andrew Chapman, pastor of St. Mary's Church, Lafayette. Then came the presentation of diplomas by President Elliott, awarding of commissions, and announcements of the annual awards. As one of the final features, the class of 1939 was formally inducted into the Alumni Association by Buit S. Swezey, Lafayette, president. The exercises closed with the singing of “Hail, Purdue,” by the 1939 class, the benediction by Rev. Chapman, and the recessional by the band.
'1
¥
4^THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thursday, June IS, 1939, K^/
1 I
Music Festival Rnals Set For Saturday,
Winners Will Go ToChicagoland Contest Later In Summer; Edith Mason To Sing
Opening with an elimination contest in the Union music room Saturday, at 1 p. m., the University Music Festival will attract at least 50 of the state's leading instrumentalists and vocalists in the largest convocation of its kind ever to be held on the local campus. Edith Mason, leading soprano of the Metropolitan Opera, will be the featured guest soloist on the program for the finals which are scheduled for 8 p. m. Saturday in the Fieldhouse. The colorful festival, which will be the Indiana state preliminary to the Chicagoland Music Festival, is the first summer session convocation program, and will be open to tho general public.
Tickets Sell Fast
Advanced ticket sale has been moving fast, but there will be plenty of seats available at the door Saturday night. Admission will be free to all registered summer session students presenting their registration cards. Summer instructional staff members can get free tickets by applying to A1 Stewart’s office prior to the Festival. General public will be admitted for 25 cents pesr person, and the doors will open at 7:15 p. m. Tickets are now on sale at Decker’s, Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the main Union desk.
Winners of the pi'eliminaries, together with Miss Mason and the W. Lafayette high school band, will compose the final pi’ogarm Saturday evening The 1 p. ra. elimination will be for solo entrants only. Eliminations for choruses is .scheduled for 2:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union, and for baton twirlers on the oval at 3 p. m. Glee Club In In the chorus competition will be the Purdue Men’s Glee Club, directed by Albert P. Stewart, which took first place in the male chorus division at Chicago last year; the Ladies’ Variety Singers, of Logansport, directed by Vernie Gray, and the Burroughs Concert Choir, of Indianapolis, dii’ected by Jane Johnson Burroughs, and the Presbyterian Church Choir, of Lafayette, directed by A. P. Stewart, which will compete in the mixed chorus division. Dorothy Bosscawen, of Mishawaka; Maragaret Bosscawen, of Mishawaka; Jack P. Pretwell, of Bloomington, and (Jack Zeckel, of Noblesville, are all'entered in the cornet division; Glenna May Golden, of Angola, as a violinist, and Nancy L. Uland, of Bloomington, in the accordion division. In the vocal solo competition, the finalists will be the two best men and the two best women singers, regai’dless of the classification of voice. The vocal entries are as follows: Soprano—Elizabeth H. Gougar,| Lafayette; Mary Johnston, Westg Lafayette; Betty Lou Leach, Van Buren; Helen Lock, Lafayette; Esther M. Nickels, Lafayette; Alberta Schmadel, Lafayette; Juanita Thompson, Covington; and Mrs. Harry Whetsell, Washington. Contralto—Lenore A. Bechtel, Crawfordsville; Suzon Osier, Indianapolis; Arsene Summers, Lafayette. Tenor—James Gilbreath, Indianapolis; Charles E. Potts, Vincennes; Marvin Smith, Lafayette. Baritone—Rudolph V. Abrahams, Anderson; Joseph Austin, Kokomo; Vernie Gray, Logansport; Donald Pyke, Lafayette; Wallace Woodrow, West Lafayette. Bass—Robert L. Hartley, West Lafayette; Paul H. Krauss, III, Indianapolis. Baton Twirlers In the baton twirling competition, in which the two highest placers in each division will compete in the finals, the following are the entries: Senior (Over 18 years of age)— Blaine Gamble, Mishawaka; Wendell R. Hurley, Marion; Frank Leary, Indianapolis; Margaret Nyikos, South Bend; Evelyn Jane Ritter, Mishawaka; Don Shelgren, Bradford, Pa.; Merl Smith, Mishawaka. Junior (12 to 17 years of age)— Betty Duesler, Elkhart; Ernestine Franklin, Elkhart; Donna Phelps, South Bend; Richard Phelps, South Bend; Katherine Sheets, Mishawaka; Dorothy Simmons, Elkhart. Juvenile (Under 12 years of age)—Walter Bosscawen, Mishawaka; Jo Ann Eberhardt, Mishawaka. , Name Six Judges Judges for the elimination contests to be Saturday afternoon are: Dean Van Denman Thompson, famous composer and head of the
Dr. Hornell Hart . . .
. . . professor of sociology at Duke University, who is leading the round - table discussions dealing with social pressures and needs of society this week in connection with the intensive unit course on “Foundations of Education.” The round-table discussions, scheduled from 1:30 until 3:00 o’clock in the aternoon in room 311 of the Pharmacy Building, are open to the general public.
Miss Schneider . . , . . . instructor in home economics education, will teach during the regular summer session at the Womens’ College of the University of North Carolina, Greensboro, North Carolina. She is to teach two graduate courses: “Tests and Measurements in Home Economics Education,” and a demonstration class in “Methods of High School Teaching.” School of Music, DePauw University; Prof. Claude Palmer, director of music. Ball State Teachers College, Muncie; Mrs. C. Lloyd Billman, Indiana State president of the Federated Music Clubs, Manilla, Ind.; Noble Cain, Chicago, well known composer, choral director .of the National Broadcasting Company, choral director of the Chicagoland Music Festival, and director of the Chicago Acappel-
Mary Wilsey To Join 4-H Dept. Director J. H. Skinner of the Purdue University Department of Agricultural Extension announced recently the appointment of Miss Mary E. Wilsey, a home demonstration agent in Greene County, to fill the vacancy in the state 4-H club department created by the resignation of Miss Lulu Whitaker, who is undertaking graduate study at the University. Miss Wilsey, a native of Posey county, was graduated from Purdue’s School of Home Economics in 1935. Immediately thereafter she accepted the position of vocational home economics teacher at the Poseyville high school, where she established an outstanding record as a 4-H club leader.^ In May 1937, Miss Wilsey became home demonstration agent in Greene county, which position she held until her recent appointment as assistant state 4-H club leader. Miss Wilsey’s new position will take her into all of the Northern Indiana counties, which were formei’ly served by Miss Whitaker. Bough/ Josselyn To Attend Rotary Meet In Cleveland Sunday Eth Baugh, president-elect, and Lloyd Josselyn, secretary of the Lafayette Rotary Club, along with John Stemm, past president and retiring governor of the 155th district, will go to Cleveland Sunday to attend Rotary’s 30th international convention. Local delegates will make up a part of the throng of 15,000 Rotarians from 60 nations who will attend the largest international convention in the world. Over 3,000 are attending from other lands. George C. Hager, of Chicago, president of Rotary International, states that the first group of delegates to start for the convention left New Zealand and Australia on May 2nd. Every facility In Cleveland, such as the public hall, hotels, art museum, and arena, have been included in ' the plans which will transform Cleveland into an “International House of Friendship” during the week of June 18th, according to Howard H. Freighner, convention manager. la Choir; Joseph Gramelspacher, Of^lwfordsville, director of the Crawfordsville high school bands; and B. A. McAdams, director of band, Jefferson High School, La-
fayette.
Summer Time Offers Great Opportunities To Get Your Yard And Home In Shape We Have The Tools You Have The Time Let’s Get Together Moore & Kemple 330 Main
Ether Edits By Hank Miller
Greetings Gates! Here we are all ready to settle down and try something new for the summer Exponent. It’s a column devoted to radio and the programs and happenings of interest to the average listener or anyway to the average college student. EE Tonight is the night, at least when it comes to radio listening. Thursday night seems to top all other night for good radio shows. Starting at 5:30 WBBM airs Joe E. Brown’s Hollywood show from the CBS net. At 6:00, switch your dials to 670 kc, WMAQ, for three hours of excellent listening. First, one of the oldest and best variety shows on the air bar none, Rudy Vallee’s Variety Hour which is always full of surprises. At 7:00 the Maxwell House’s Good News of 1939 with Robert Young as me, Frank Morgan, the biggest liar on the air, and Fannie Brice’s Baby Snooks. At 8:00,'the Kraft Music Hall, starring Bing Crosby and Bob Burns. We are of the opinion that Bing’s show has slipped lately, too much talking and not enough singing. . EE If you like dramatic serials, NBC has put on a 15 minute show five nights a week to fill th^. hole left by Amos ’n Andy when they switched to CBS. _It’s called Mr. District Attorney and is supposed to be based on actual facts. -Many of the former Amos ’n Andy listeners have switched to it and it is rapidly picking up new listeners. EE Don’t forget, if you can’t study on these hot afternoons, listen to NBC’s Club Matinee which is written and headed by Ransom Sherman. Running from 2:00 until 3:00, it is packed with humor, wit, nonsense, and a lot of good music, both hot and sweet. WENR and WOWO air it. EE A bit of loca'^^news now. WBAA inaugurates its new summer schedule on the 19th with some new and interesting shows planned, more about them in future columns. Everybody is all agog about the Purdue Music Festival which will feature Edith Mason, soprano fi’om the Chicago Civic Opera who will be on the campus to sing during the program. This coming Saturday is the day of the
Going Back Chiltosky To Teach SS Lab Course
Indian handicraft will be taught in the summer session this year by a full blooded Cherokee Indian. Going Back Chiltosky, who is now a teacher at the Cherokee Indian School at Cheekee, North Carolina, has been engaged to instruct a non-credit course in wood-carving and jewelry making. “I give credit to the Cherokee Indian School, because I learned to speak English there,” he said as he outlined his educational career. He recalled being brought to school back in 1917 by the Indian police, and at that time he could not speak a word of English. Since that time he has gone to school every chance he has had. In 1927 he graduated from the ninth grade of the Cherokee Indian School, and attended two years of high school at Greenville, South Carolina. He graduated from the high school at Haskell Institute, Lawrence, Kans., in 1933, and in 1934 was graduated from the trades school as a carpenter. Following his graduation from Haskell Institute, he went to Santa Fe Indian School-as a special art student, and in 1936 he joined the staff of the Cherokee Indian School as assistant vocational instructor. His hobbies are archery and cutting and^ polishing semi-precious stones. What is the meaning behind the name Chiltosky? It means a^ing flowers in the Indian language. During the removal of the Chewfllees from North Cai'olina to Oklahoma in 1834-38 by the United States troops, some of the Cherokees rebelled and escaped into the great Smoky Mountains and hid for two years before they were given the right to live in North Carolina. It was through this episode that he got his name. This will be a laboratory course in which students may sepnd their leisure time.
big event and WBAA has received special consent from the FCC to be on the air from 7:15 p. m. until the close of the program. The evening events will originate in the Fildhouse and will start at 8:00. EE Another item of inters! about which there have been many inquires. WBAA tryouts for the summer session will be held Monday afternoon the 19th at 4:00 p. m. at the main studio on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering building. Tryouts will be held for
announcers, both male and female, actors, script writers, and sound effects men. If you have a yen for any of these activities or if you would just like to try your hand at them, comedo the tryouts by all means. Many people who would like to work at WBAA don’t come to the tryouts because they think that, as an activity, it woiild take too much time. Take it from one who knows: it is very flexib]e and you can spend as much or as little time workipg on it as you like. That’s all for now, so 73’s.
DECKER’S
Your swim suit! It should be flattering — smart — gay. But above all, it should fit you with wrinkle-defying perfection. Then choose a Jantzen. In the water and out they give you true girdle fit, molding and holding you snugly yet comfortably. See the new Glamour Fabrics. They are a revelation in richness and beauty.
Jantzens for Women — $4.95 up
Jantzens for Men — $2.95 up
Phone 6477
DECKER’S
518 MAIN
%
I-Kl
V !
Many Recreational Activities Open To Students
Two Prize Billiards
Tournaments Open
Billiards for summer session students will begin as soon as a representable list of entries has been made. . A few names are already on the list. Two tournaments, one in rotation pocket billiards to 121 points and the other in straight rail billiards to 40 points will be held. Entries for the two tournaments were opened yesterday, and will remain open for a week or ten days. There is no entry fee for either tournament.
Ed Holderman, Gutting, To Run In Coast Meet
expected to be strong contenders in their specialities. They will also compete in the Coast meet which will be held Wednesday.
Fiddhouse Swimming Pool To Be Available
Campus Summer School Students
Consistent Hurdler
Two outstanding performers, Steve Gutting, ace hurdler, and Ed Holderman, promising sophoinore miler, will represent Purdue in the NCAA track meet at Los Angles, Calif., tomorrow and Saturday, it was announced by Coach Hermon Phillips.
Gutting, who established a new state record of 14.3 seconds in winning the 120 yard high hurdles in the Indiana state championships, has been one of the country’s^, most consistent timber toppers during both the indoor and outdoor season.
Throughout Summer
Will Again Form Baseball Squad
The Boilermaker pair are both
SHIRTS . . . Special gift values for Dad in plain and fancys. Fine, qualities and styles in all sizes.
SLACKS ... for all outdoor purposes. Carefully tailored. Choice of variety of attractive colors and patterns.
BEACH AND LOUNGING ROBES
in selection of solid colors, white, canary and sand.
# Shirts & Sox
500MAIN ST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
Elmer Gedeon, of Michigan, is the only hurdler in the Middle West who has a margin of 'victory over the Boilermaker ace, and Gutting finished ahead of Gedeon in the Butler Relays as well as finishing in practically a blanket heat in the Big Ten indoor championships. The Boilermaker ace finished second in the 220 yard low hurdes in the Big Ten outdoor championships, and third in the high hurdles when he lost his stride hitting the last barrier. In addition to his record breaking performance in the state meet, his other notable achievements of the outdoor season included victories in the high hurdles at the Cotton Carnival and the Central Collegiate meet at Milwaukee.
All students, faculty members, and their wives will have free, use of the Pieldhouse pool during the summer session. Men and women must pay a two dollar fee at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building for locker and towel service. One dollar will be returned as a deposit for key and towel. An OK slip from the Student Health Service must be presented to the pool attendant sit the swimmer’s first appearance. Dr. S. J. Miller will make examinations without charge. Faculty children may accompany their parents, and they will be required to pay ten cents for each pool admittance. Members of the clerical staff may use the pool also by paying ten cents for each admittance, which will include towel service.
Summer session students will have several organized and several recreational activities available during the eight weeks of school. Tournaments or teams will be organized in tennis, golf, archery, horseshoes, softball and baseball, while a variety of recreational activities will be offered at the Games on the Green. Games on the Green, perennial summer recreation program at which faculty and students gather for informal entertainment and sports, will include badminton, volleyball, tether ball, and baseball. The first Games will be held June 29, with others scheduled July 6, July 20 and August 3. Each will be on Thursday, starting at 6:30 and lasting for about an hour.
Classified Ads
STUDENT ROOMS —Near Library and Union, single beds, shower, continuous hot water, meals if desired, 224 Sheetz, phone 2611.^
ROOM FOR RENT—Double room, twin beds, summer rates. One block west of Armory, 221 Waldron. Phone 51651.
Every night but Sunday the pool will be open from 7:30 until 9 o’clock for mixed swimming, adults and students only. The Pieldhouse pool will be open for men every day from 11 to 12 o’clock, and from 3 to 6 o’clock. Classes for children will be from 9:30 to 10:30 a. m., and will cost three dollars for the term. Boys will swim on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Lessons will be given for girls on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Intramural Director M. L. Clevett will be in charge of all swims.
Recreational activities will be available in the form o£ golf, bicycle riding, tennis, horseshoes, and horseback riding. Tennis and horseshoes are available without the payment of deposits or fees. Baseball Team, Once again there will be a baseball team representing the Summer School on the campus. During the past few years the team has had a series of games with the Ross Camp Civil Engineering students. Last year the summer school team won all five games of the series and the year before won three out of five. Practice for the baseball team will begin Monday with the first
The women’s pool in Memorial Gymnasium will be open for women daily, except Saturday, at 4 p. m., and at 4:45 for men and women.
Keep Cool
It’s a PALM BEACH SUIT Year
The most serviceable summer outfits of the season worn by college men everywhere. Pure Irish Linen suits that stress good tailoring. For comfort they are unequalled and they’re correct for every occasion.
Sport Shirts Wash Trousers Play Suit Ensembles Newest Shades Smart Styles
West Lafayette
game as soon as possible after both the campus team and the Camp team are organized. All who wish to play on the summersession team may signify their intentions by writing their names on the blank placed either outside the intramural office door or across from the checkout window in the Pieldhouse. M. L. Clevett, who is in charge of men’s sports this summer, requests that all who do sign up also add their positions. Tennis Singles and doubles tennis tournaments will be held, as well as instructions. Racquets may be rented at the Memorial Gymnasium. Students who wish instruction will meet on Tuesdays at 4 p. m. on the women’s courts. There will also be tournaments in golf, one singles and another mixed foursome. Clubs are available at the Pieldhouse and Memorial Gymnasium. Instruction for golf will be held on Thursdays at
4 p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium. Archery equipment will be supplied for students, and instruction will be held at 4 p. m. each Thursday in the Memorial Gymnasium. A horseshoe tournament will be held some time during the summer. Equipment may be taken out at the checkout window in the basement of the Pieldhouse. Softball League A league of softball teams will be organized similar to last , year’s. All fraternity, large houses, Cary Hall and other groups are eligible to enter teams. Several games» will be played with a possible tournament at the conclusion of the regular games. All groups which intend to be represented by softball teams in this league will turn in lists of their players to the intramural office ^ that a schedule can be drawn up as soon as possible. In the line of recreational activities will be golf, either on the University practice course, public course, or Edwood Glen. The University practice course has three holes, and no charge is made for playing.
b-b
Flash! Priceless Price sitting in Keenley’s with four gals and no men. You must be slipping, Yvonnee, or are they getting wise?
The Home of Purdue University
H. G. "Deac” REISNER STUDENT BOOK SUPPLY STORE
325 State Street West Lafayette, Indiana
We have SECOND HAND BOOKS for each course taught this summer at
Purdue; also NEW BOOKS and aB“ supplies used in^ Summer School, f,S,rTw -
THE PUftDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thursday, June 15,1939
\
%
Sail Into the Union to
^ Js-jl-*—
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSJ" 4
Acquainted
iS
V
■? j
t I
With It
And The Hundreds
Who Use It Daily
'V m
There is an old saying that states, *^the best things in life are free.” (Don’t quote us, we’re not positive.) We are sure, though, that many of the best things in the Union are here. Such as: ^ the Game Room * the Music Room ^ the Browsing Room ^ the Lounge * the Telephones * the Puttering Shop For a nominal fee, you can enjoy the Billiard Room, Bowling Alleys, Cafeteria, Grill, Chestnut Room and the Sweet Shop.
The Union Club will be open for permanent and transient guests this summer.
The Purdue Memorial Union, planned and maintained for you, is to make your school terms more enjoyable, and to give you a chance to relax both body and mind. Consider each visit to the Union a vacation; for that it what it’s for. Enjoy the Union this summer — it’s your’s — USE IT.
the Purdue Memorial Union
The Corner of the Campus
Yet the Center of Campus Activities