Volume 53, No. 16
Weet liofayette, Indiana
Thursday, Se|>tewh^ 2S#
Victory Bell Rings FIRST MASS PEP SESSION
Following Riveter Junior Men students , , , May Apply For Jobs
Gridiron Triumphs
Passports
In Activities Bureau
Traditional Announcer Of Boilermaker Wins Formerly Signaled Termination Of Classes
By Bud Eberts
Senior passports will be available today, according to an announcement from the Fieldhouse ticket office. Freshman, sophomore, and junior passports will be available for the remainder of the week.
Students will be admitted to the pjbos Wil|l NamC Young
opening football game with Vander-
bilt Saturday upon presentation of Plaque Winner Sunday
their passports at either Gates 2'or
Senate Committee, Address Skull And Crescent Students Before Huge Fire
Will Award Trophy
All juniors who are interested in working on the staff of the activities bureau should apply for the position of publicity worker before 6 o’clock tomorrow. The only qual-
With the nearness of the football season and the recalling jjications necessary are an interest of age-old traditions, a thought of the victory bell comes into in activities and publicity, and a every optimistic student’s mind. This old bell has a history 3.5 index. Coeds are asked not to starting with the beginning of this campus, and still gives apply, smee no coed posMon is open, every fan an unequalled thrill when he hears it after an ath- ^ ^
letic victory. fice due to his absence from school for seniors who take Every morning this bell was rung for the beginning of this year. Election for the position u^w^”*****”^^ parade be-
classes and then every hour for students to change classes, this year will be held op Tuesday, e ic o .
First mass pep session of the year for the Vanderbilt will form on the front steps of the Union tomorrow at 7:30 p.m., according to the announcement made by Goll, senior yell manager, and Dick DeGarmo, senior yeH er. Vanderbilt’s question-mark eleven will not be an operiliir
“breather.” “Our team nee^ -'^tt^
Skull and Crescent will, assist the
4, it was pointed out by Ticket Man- student Senate committee in deager C. S. Doan. termining the rightful winner of the Sections north of the 50-yard line Cf. A. Young trophy, it was anon the west side of the stadium will bounced last night. Members of the be reserved for the exclusive use sophomore honorary will count the
of the student body, with one sec-
There is no means of telling how many boring lectures this bell has ended or how many prayers for the end of class this belbhas answered. For years this land mark hung at the top of the old power plant; then came the grant for a new plant. It was at that time the problem of disposal of the old class bell arose. The faculty tried to settle the question by putting it in an old shed.
Out Of Hibernation
After staying in this falling-
down shed for several years, the students decided that the bell should be taken out of its prison. Every night the students would haul it out of the shed and leavp it on the campus for the faculty to find and re-
turn it to i^s resting place. One day the cry came up that the
bell was lost. No one seemed to have the faintest idea of its whereabouts
Sept. 30. Heads of campus activities comprise the election board. Candidates must report to Bob Gimlin, director of the bureau, before 5 p.m. tomorrow and petitions must be presented by 5 p.m. Mon-
day, Sept. 29. s.b.w.
Max Greer Will Provide Music
At Cord Dance Many Cast, Dancing
Parts Are Still Open In First Union Show
L. Elmhurst, English Economist, Speaks To Science Group
seniors of the various schools who present their passports at the parade formation Saturday. Seniors will gather for the parade on the road between the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering build-
Exponent Picks Jane Ramsdell To Replace Fox
support of the entire
and vdll get it. The Bdileni^^^ are out to start the se&koti'Ti^i^
DeGarmo stated last ni^ht. ' t The Purdue military baifif
lead the parade from Grantami State streets to Stuart Held diheie
a huge bonfire Will famish light the pep session. At the field dent Elliott, Mai Elward,
Jane Ramsdell, a junior in the coach, and at least one other Bp^- . , - . . er will assure the student body and
hool of home economics, was . ^ townspeople of the punhihmattt
mgs and the Pharmacy building elected by the Exponent electoral be dealt out to the Saturday at 12:46 p. m. board yesterday to the position of modores in Saturday’s tilt* Sunday- junior coed editor. Miss Ramsdell lie address system will mhkti' The Senate committee, which is jyjartha Jane Fox who did speeches audible to the crowd,'
headed by Dick Dibos, will announce Breton ^ Gimlets, Reamers, Gold Jgppida.
the winner on Sunday morning after ^he new coed editor has been a Skull and Crescent u#
Leonard K. Elmhurst, director of S'"!?member of the Exponent staff for P^^^ent to direct the progtOs* ^
Max Greer and his 13-piece orchestra will provide the music for the annual senior cord dance which will be held Saturday night from 9 to 12 in both ballrooms of the
Union.
Following yesterday’s tryouts for
economic research at Devon College, JDevon, England, was the principal speaker at the regular Social Science Seminar held last night in the Union. Elmhurst, who left England a month ago, is president of the International Association of Agricultural Economists and organizer of the En'glish Political and Economic Planning agency which
the parade. The award, as in past years, will be made to the school having the highest percentage of at-
tendance at the parade. Trophy Heavily Guarded
For the benefit of any students who might be contemplating a repetition of last year’s theft of the trophy. Professor J. L. Bray of ithe Chemical and Metallurgical Engi-
The band, formerly led by Warpy establish a just peace fol- ‘veering schools, present co-posses-
Water fall, features a brass qum- victory. The sub- Of ADDfififflllCfi DffiSS tette topped by Max and his trum- announced that an unlimited num- iect of his talk was “The Economics #lp|JCai aillU, l/rCjJ
the past two years. Her election The rally wiU ^ mm
completes a junior coed staff of ^y P*™'
three members, j.l.t. ' - •II,rt, T •■. Meredith Club Platm AWS Meets To Advise Open Meeting Tdd% Freshmen In Matters To Plan Pr<^rmii
renditions will be sup- vacancies still exist in the of a Just Peace Following the War.”
by a trio composed of love y Yesterday afternoon Elmhurst By the time a promise was given by ^ 77°* • T i acters have yet to be selected for addressed a meeting of the Agrithe president of the University that Elhs. H is stated that since he took ^
the bell would be converted into a «ver the leadership of the band last
steel safe, and that the facsimile in the Chem Engineering building is merely a photostatic copy, e.b.w.
victory bell and that the students would not be punished for taking the bell, several years had elapsed. It was the necessary to send to St. Louis for an ex-student who knew
where the bell was hid.
On the first base line of the old
year, Greer has altered the style of the organization, and, consequently, will present something unique
in the way of Union mixers. Free admittance to the dance can
only be obtained by seniors who have both cords and passports.
Marjorie Hans, dance director. Advisory Committeemen held in the Seniors and Willis Wells, director of the Agricultural Experiment Station on entire production, urge all interest- the subject of “The Effects of the ed students to report for further War on the British Economy.” Durtryouts for both dancing chorus and ing his talk he pointed out places speaking cast at 4 o’clock this after- where the American economy
Virginia C. Meredith Cttui»\ open its membership drivu tea Monday at 4 p.m. All
nomics students are bivite^'lp^m tea, which will be held in tlm'‘h6^ economics building auditoriinaiHg^
this first meeting of Hie
Peg Davis, Betty Erick, and Mary Ellen Scarff led an AWS meeting yesterday afternoon in the Home
Economics auditorium to give fresh- officers and the organiz^Hpn man coeds advice and suggestions ^lub will be introduced to ^
. . . who have Debris pictures concerning their personal appear- ^ents. ’ scheduled for Nov. 1, 2, 3, and 4 will ance both on the campus and during Speakers At Tea ' have them taken on Oct. 1, 2, 3 and rush. Virginia White, faaiHa^i^*. 4 instead. The time and place will The meeting was opened with a g^j. Mar^hrtt
noon in the north ballroom of the nright supplement the gaps in the be the same as on the postcards, short pantomime to illustrate some faculty eponaor dl
British system, d.b, j i—4-t,„
baseball field was an underground Otherwise, the usual mixer admis-
sion fee of one dollar per couple
Union. a.p.h.
Debris office announced last night.
heating unit, and it was in this tun-
nel that the bell had spent many prevail, a.p.h.
dark months. This is now the site of the Chem Engineering building.
Students Pay For House
Since there was no fund set aside in the University’s budget to build
a bell house, the students each gave a* a 6 cents and the townspeople gave JnlS AfiGmOOn At 4^30
contributions. The bell house still stands over between Ross-Ade Sta-
dium and Cary Hall.
Riding Club To Hold
Cary Halls, WRH Will Hold Tea Before Opening Term's First Trade Picnic Drive For Members
First meeting of the riding club will be held this evening in room 304 of the Union. Activities have already started for the club with its
„ o, ,, , . - - participation in McCabe Roundup
was stolon by Indiana students and of WRH South and at the picnic » , -n , ^ . was found half way between here grounds behind the stadium. At ^ ® and Bloomington. The night of the 4:30 the men from Cary Halls another horse show at Indianapolis robbeiy, the students stayed up all North, Northwest, West, and East this coming Sunday, night to guard the highly treasured will go to WRH, whore half will piogiam is promised to tradition. The robbers must have remain while the rest go to the pic- j^embers this year by president Tom
Tiade picnic tonight between Cary Halls and the Women’s Rcsi-
In the “roaring twenties” the bell dence Halls will be hold on the lawn
of WRH South and at the picnic
been watching and took advantage of the early daylight hours and
made away with the bell.
Bad Medicine
It is considered a bad omen to open the doors of the boll house before the actual victory. Last year it may be recalled that the bell was
nic grounds.
The picnickers v/ill go in small gioups rather than in couples, but co-chairmen of each group will ar-
Graham. The ‘club will sponsor breakfast and moonlight rides, horse shows, lectures and films on
range dates. Following the supper horses and horsemanship, and the
there will be dancing until 8:30
p. m.
This is the first of two picnics
of the more important points mentioned in the open forum which followed. Neat and appropriate general personal appearance was stressed, and the freshmen were told that Saturday and Sunday teas call for hat, gloves, purse, and dressy silk or wo"©! dress, while
lege women’s home econolnies i will speak at the meeting:
Blank, president, will act as (^4^
man, an^ Betty Brown, vfcU-i dent, Mabel Vaughn, secretary, i Sally Beall, treasurer, wHl short talks. . ’
Committee chairmen will be ju-
school clothes are suitable for teas troduced, following which new
which follow classes.
Another meeting for freshmen work.'plans" wHl Then be'iS"^
the coming year. ' ^ ” Refreshments will be served'«Lft-
will be held in the near future to discuss the clothes to be worn dur-
ing rush, b.a.h.
Senior White Skirts
Girls To Wear Blouses, Black On Saturday
As the senior eds march in their yellow cords and derby hats, the girls will not go out styled. Although j;he girls were unable to obtain yellow corduroy jackets for
pulled onto the field in the closing planned, the second will be Thurs-
minutes of the fateful Wisconsin day, Oct. 2.
game. Only twice bcEoie has the bell Jane McCouch and Robert Brewleft its building before a 4ame was ster are in charge of ariangemcnts
lontinu^ on page 4) for tonight’s picnic, d.p.
Gymkhana. The liding club is sponsored by the Union and its activities are correlated by Union vice-presi-dent Ken Gosset. Keys aie awarded
to members during their second s#
mester. ] ~~
ed to attend the meeting. are Qj
The individuals above anxiously examining the new Exponent press before throwing the switch to print the first edition of the present school year include Don' Powers, Business Manager; Lee Ruffner, Managing
Ediiyar; John Trougott, News Editor and the pressmen.
Commutes Acts
^ — V . . , . - A ^ ^ Must Obtain Licenses
To Reduce Accidents On tennpus
Central Safety
Sodal Season With Pknic This Sun^y Afternoon
M^cal Organizations of the Univefsit^v^ill open their social season this year with a picnic at Battle Ground on Sunday afternoon. Base-
er the meeting, and music
provided by Jean Milte{^^ ihmm
Becker, and Ruth Ralston.
Photographers Me^ Tonight At 7:30 p; n}. Camera Club will hold its setsd^ meeting of the year this evening
all the seniors, they will have a defi- at 7:30 o’clock in the towei^^rit^^ nite garb for the affair. of the Union. Lakers will bu It has been announced by the signed by George Towle, tbe AWS office that the senior coeds president. Camera club meiak^ will we^r black skirts, white ship is open to both student^ ilHU blouses, and yellow chrysanthe- faculty who have the privitegil ^ mums in their hair. using the lockers and darkroomii^
All senior women are asked to the Union sub-basement.
call at the AWS office for refunds interested in any phase of of money that was paid during the raphy is invited to attend this last weeks for jackets. r.t.e. ing. d.e.g. j;,
Playshop Ticket
.Moves To Fowler Hi
Students living in Lafayette or
! . t, t f West Lafayette, who ride bicycles,
One of the most impoitant o gugj^jjeU of the physical plant and inspection will be University lab- must obtain licenses for them, ac- oaii ana otner games Will be played, ficial groups /of the University, Piof. J. L. Lingo, University safety oratories, where caieful inspection cording to a‘statement issued by after which refreshments will be ^olf
which has, since its appointment ^ecialist. v j will be made in. order to ascertain licenses served • . Though registration is long past, et costs $1.25. Saving $1,75^ last year, been operating in virtual Looks For Danger/Fomis whether there exist opportunities ui • j i f li-ir n* i . . * *he Playshop booth has disap- you enjoy a good play obscurity, has decided that the time This committee ntts^s its purpose for careless students to place them- Police ^oo^hers of the University choir, peared from its place in front of while, here is your chaQCU tP * '
the discoyeiy of danger points about selves in circuit with 2,300-volt ^ ® _ A 'emi Glee Club, orchestra, and Concert the armory, sea.son tickets are still four productions and* save ei University buildings and grounds, transformers, blow themselves station choir who plan to attend'should available for 'the organization’s money for ten coke dateu
has come for the student body to become concerned with the business of the cotnmlttee. The business is safety, and the committee is the Central Safety Committee, appointed by the Executive Commit
and the rectification of any such through walls onto Univeisity lawns conditions. Its members aie usually or chop off extremities in saws and lesponsible when strange splashes gear trains. Traffic conditions about
station qn Northwestern Avemie, at any time between 8 a.m. and
6 p.m.
make reseivations jnot later than to- coming productions. Headquarters First Play Underway
In order to obtain a license, the myriow morning. Tickets are 10
for the ticket sales has been moved
“Three Men on a Hqrk4»”
of yellow paint appeal “on Univer- the campus will also be closely an- ‘^-ffrom Mrfthrl^hX^north'^doof of'^owlS aketdyTeet
1 Organizations office. Hall. fhe price hasn’t been changed; are under way. The p^y. ^
only the location of the sales head- qpens on Wednesday, Ck*.
her of the vehicle, the color, and
tee of thq Faculty fox* the puipose sity cuibs mysteriously, and traf- alyzed in d^der to prevent direct of effecting a general reduction in fic control signs suddenly appear studlajit-truck contact, if possible. i- • ' • t
unnecessaiy wear-and-tear on the ’wheie cars and service trucks have Wants Safer. University Students living in Lafayette may
^ ^ ^ ^ ; *1 obtain their licenses between 3:30
hearsals or the Musical
Ray Friend is in charge of trans
portation, and anyone who will have Q^rters The few remaining tick- a comedy involving
the des- University is the studen
Prof.^C. W. Beese, of the depart- peiate antics of neaiby students Placed definitely in the “must go”
Service vehlcle-stuaent intersections paign or ims committee lor a saier "**" ij / a ^ ing the office and ordering them, or Hollv Gheer GrnAHnv •uuui. Chqirman- of the committee is with blissful disregard for the des- UnivepUy is the student reaction. L^flS d^^^g ™ Possible. Yhe pany Gentle Erwin,^ho*^^ffi rof./C. W. Beese, of the depart- peiate antics of neaiby students Paced dehmtely m the “must go’’ 25 cents will be chirged ’ ‘ office will be open from 9 to 12 a.m. on race hor^has ment of jaaneial .engineeiing. Its heading foi refuge behind trees and files aie the tank-like activities of Lafayette, d.e.g. IT r\ lx Fi* 1 to 5 p.m. daily except Sat- ability to predict the members include Miss Orpha M. othei natuial protection. antiquated automobiles with stu- .... 1x3003 Delta Pi ' urday, when it will remain open horse races. Taken in hy ^ " Hqffman, of the home economics This year membeis of the class dmits at their contiols and im- only until noon. of gamblers, Erwin is taken th school; Prof. F. R. Eastwood, of the in GE 189, Industrial-Safety, under pfomptu athletic events in the form 5t©//3r Hall • • -^ucation honorary, held the Ten Free^Coke Dates a series of adventnm as physical education department, the tutelage of Prof. H. F. Owen, of dashes across thorofares and first meeting-of its officers last Admission to each production of as humorous as png thnt Hof. F. D. Martin, representing will make a number of suiveve of down University stairs, as well as ... elected the following officers Tuesday night. Business matters Playshop is ordinarily 75 cents, but hit the Playshop stage. ihe school of science, Pi of. II. F. campus conditions and will hiake many o|hei activities which endan- -^at a recent house meeting: Elton were discussed and plans were each year Playshop offers season • A success on ■/Owen, representing the schools of recommendations to the faculty ger other students as well as the L. Johnson, ^..president; Nathan started for the yearly program, tickets, whereby students may see motion pictures, “TteesT ^engineering, Pi of. I. D. Mayei, of committee where improvements are peipetrator and than which stu- Gveear, vice-president; Nathai^Also various committees were ap- all of the season’si productions as Horse” promts^ to be / the school of agriculture, C. D, needed. Under paiticulaijly close dents should know better. __ _ Tamm, secretary-teeasurer, pointed. , , a substantial saving. A season tick- Jicro*m
sMi
im90‘
thuraiay/2^ 1941
'mik.
/.f •
€P'’
ifhhflf^ as seconA dais, matter at the post office in Lafa^fttA, Indiana, ander the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and it Uic s^tial rate of poSfage provided for ip section ll03, act of October S, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922i Published didiy tatcept Monday during the r^lar academic year and Weekly daring the Summer Session. Delivered locally by car* edMr dor'$8.30 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
ISdltbr-fn-CMer. .....;........Ncd A. Ochiltree S Editor....: i.-. ........;. John D. Traugott CM Manager.....^,. ,..j........,.._,., Don S. Powers
Publication Staff v, « ^pfc»tiUtlnJ'^dltar..„i .....'.. .'.. ,......::...fccland W. Bnffnot Associate Editors: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, R. L. Hadley, F. 1.. Jones, E. G. Kieper.
business Staff’ Local'Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Baxtoh: Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell: Accounts Manager: 'W. D, Millard. ,
/
Co-ed Staff
Rnlh Rose
Associate Editors: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield.
Sports Staff
Editor ! Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors: 0. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for.Jiational advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers RepresentatiyeB, 420 Madison Ave., New 'i'ork, N. X-
I-
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Amos Day Editor: Boynton Issue Editor: Eberts . Night Sports Editor: Fraser Workers: E. L#. Karpick, D. E. Brewer, G. M. Potter, C. E. Sowards, S, A. Watson, A. P. Hunter, D. Glass, R.' W. Boawinkle, B. Squire, to. Pickering, B. G. Smith, A. M. Prantner, M, Dcmared, K.-Bruck, B. B. Wolf, H. Eckstein, R. Hadley.
eiliial ,£hem. Iti^this country’, the wheeta ate at last‘turiiifing prodhction;8h6hld>'^oh^^^^ fa8t. How much tlieiifnoi'al position Oi the’antiHitler ^oup has" improved is ‘demonstrated; by Japan’s hints that she may des&t what Idbhs like a sinking ship. - Aii this is not to say that our troubles are. over, it is still possible that Russian resistance may crack. There are plenty of things wrong with’our defense effort still, and the same: is‘true Of: Britain’s, Hitler' remain® a formidable enemy ^ we must fight him far harder than we are yet doing, to insure suc‘' cess. Yet with twelve months of time as a gauge, we > Can see > that progress has been made. It has been our year, not his. (Bditor’s^ note:) This article has been reprinted from The New Republic. Sept. 22, •1941.
''K
ONE YEAR AOOITHIS WE^E The ‘‘Dormitory Oevitsi” bverpowering' secretaries' and office girls, invaded-G. A. Young’s office And stole" the Young trophy awarded annually to the school having the largest percentage of seniors in the senior parade. A gallant Boilermaker squad poured through the fiiitlef'Buliilogs’ line four times to win the Senior Da'jf game 28 to 0. i ' Straw poll of this paper on the presidential election showed 748 students cast Votes for Willkie and 246 for Thomas., RooseVelt was third with 212. Willkie’s supporters chose him'because “a business rtian would make a better president than an impractical idealist.”
,lier)E’s a hbte: Radio time change tgkes 'place' next Sunday, Sept. < 28, Most netwdrlc programs will I he heard an hour later.'. We’ll try) to keep you posted.
Badminton Cphfesi
Begifis Next^ontH
WMAQ - 670 - NBC
• Platter Chatter
son'-Smitk
Radio Review
Letter to the Editor:
ONE DECADE AGO THIS WEEK
% Backward Glance • • •
If you are discouraged about the state of the world, there is some reassurance in a brief backward glance. A year ago this week, England had experienced seventy-one air raids in twenty-one days, and a German invasion was expected from day to day, almost from hour to hour. Russia seemed quite as much Hitler’s tacit ally as we seemed that of Britain. Our defense program still marked time until the industrialists got the Tight kind; of amortization terms for new plants. Almazan was threatening a rebellion in Mexicoij Carol had been deposed, in Rumania by forces even more fascist than himself. An attack on Gibraltar seemed imminent, with almost nothing to prevent its success; Mussolini was marching east in Libya and General Wavell at Cairo had only a handful of troops and machines to resist him. With France destroyed, even the most optimistic ghve England only a bare change of survival. • One year later, the scene is altogether changed to Hitler’s disadvantage. He is truly encircled now, by a group including Russia, China,' the British Empire,' the United States, even the inhabitants of the occupied countries whose plight seemed so hopeless a year ago. In the Near and Middle East, Britain’s desperate toehold has turned into firm command of Syria, and Iran. In the Battle of the Atlantic submarine sinkings, while still much too high, have dropped to a point where British and American combined shipbuilding can
Dear Editor: As a spectator at some of the previous senior cord parades, it has struck me that the affair seemed to lack a sense of unity or organization. According to several authoritative sources, the original purpose of the parade was g, serious formation, symbolic of the approach of the seniors toward their goal -—a University degree. Naturally, nobody wants us to be a bunch of sophisticated gray beards. I do think, however, we all might help to create a better impression on our visitors, who judge the University largely by its seniors. We are supposed to be the mature members of the student body, so how about it, seniors. One of the class of ’42.
“A lining a day, keeps the depression a'way” said an article which attempted to beat the depression, re-fei-ring to the silver linings of clouds. Constance Bennett “with a price on her heart” was playing in “Bought” at the Mars. So called “college slang” such as “oh yeah” and “and how” were being used excessively by the stu‘denfs much to the disgust of the editor, r.w.b.
Universil'y Club Plans For,mal Reception Soon
A department 'store job demi^strating toy violins during Christmas week, 3i years ago, put Ben Betnie on the “Yowsah” trail to success. Bgrnie, who. has a new five-a-week program on the Golhmbia network, Was an'engineering student at Cooper IJ.nioh iij New York City. He took the te’ttipbrary job to help pay his tuition—but he never returned to school. His humorous sales talks and quips to'customers to “remind me to have the boss cut my salary if I don’t sell you this violin,” sent his daily sales soai'ing and brought him a vaudeville offer from a booking agent. Tryout in Brooklyn Ben’s vaudeville tryout was in a Brooklyn waterfront theater where a perton there had to be a good performer or an expert dodger. The Old Maestro says he was so nervous during his violin, solo that he achieved a tremolo he has never since duplicated.
Another classic has hit the (Toad of hot stamping feet. This time it’s “Habanera” ’ from 'Bizet^s Catmeh. Two bands'must Kftve seen h'possibility in this number at about the same, time, necause both, recordings hit the market within a week of each other. Both recordings are good, but for top honors we’ll stand by Shep Fields and give Charlie Barnet’s idea a good second.
WON’. 720 : NUo
WBBM - 780 - CBS
Editor to the Letter:
The unruly conduct of the seniors at the cord parade was first discussed at a meeting of representatives of the. various campus activities in President Elliott’s office. Since then the Student Senate has contaced the presidents of the honaries of the various schools with-the purpose in mind of organizing a better parade. These representatives met Monday afternoon to discuss plans, and they are also meeting again this afternoon. At Monday’s meeting, times, assembly locations, and order of marching for the parade were discussed. These plans will be published in detail in the Exponent either tomorrow or Saturday. It is the hope of the school representatives that the seniors will cooperate in Carrying out the plans they have adopted. This is the second year that the members of the Student Senate have undertaken the tapk of straightening out the disorder characteristic of -the senior parade, and they should be applauded for their action. Also they have assumed the task this year of awarding the G. A. Young trophy, which in the past has been a rather niystic affair. The Editor
The University Club will hold a formal reception on October 15 for President Elliott and Mrs. Elliott and the trustees of the University. Officers for this year Are: Hi H. Wikel, president;. Mildred L. Fitch, vice president, and Frederick' J. Allen, secretary-treasurer. Parties for the University Club have been scheduled for December 8, February 10, March 23 and April 20; Details concerning the parties will be announced later, k.k.
Local Girl Will Preside At Indiana Corn Festival
Marge Briscoe of Lafayette will preside as queen of the Indiana Corn Festival, to be held October 2 to 4. Miss Briscoe was chosen as Indiana state corn queen from a group of -1,3 of Indiana’s loveliest girls. A crowd of more than 200 persons witnessed the judging, done in the Fowler High School gymnasium.' d.e.g.
With Phil Baker, Bernie organized the famous comedy team which was broken up by World War I., but later he created another teuni which survived until he made his first radio appearance from the College Inn in Chicago. ' Since his first sponsored program back in the budding days of an infant industry, the Old Maestro’s ad lib humor,, his specialty numbers and his sly quips have been regular ^dio fare. On hjs new program Ben has with him the Bailey Sisters, who were members of his new troup when he was last On the air, and, his new singer, Donald Saxon, “the lad from Texas.” . Bernie is heard Mondays through Fridays, over CBS, from 3:45 to 4 p.m.
As you ail know, .Fields got rid of all his brass and now has a band comprised of forty-fiVe reed instruments with the exception of a four man rhythm section. This new band can surely put out good solid stuff without the . aidtof a mess of hot trumpets. We are speaking of “Habanera” though, were we not? Fields takes Bizet’s, famous piece of music and keeps it music, he hasn’t rearranged it to the extent that you wonder if the title on the record label is screwy. Barnet, on the other hand, adds a few ideas of his own, in fact, he’s even changed the title to fit his arrangement. “Spanish Kick” is the name Barnet has given to his classic swing. Both orchestras give a fine example of what different types of instruments can do to a tiine; while Fields is showing you about the reeds, Barnet is spending his time •with the brasses. There is, however, one sax solo; with the exception of this, the whole disk is solid brass—and polished too.
Anyone interested in the all-cam pus, badminton tournament is askec^ to sign up in the Fieldhousei a; time before the tourney .starts October. The entry blanks are lor cated on the bulletin board just imta side, the door of the intramuraypfr fice, an^ on the fculletih hoWd across from the checkout window iA the Fieldhouse. / / / Thfe tournament isn’t scheduled to start until the. flr^t'part/of Oci tober,_so thcre)is still plenty/of tiffie to regain ‘^soihe of the old formj’’ First Called “Poona” / The Indians, tjhe ones from India, organized 'the game centuries , ago. They called the game'.'“poona.” Although the game requires considerable skill and dexterity, one, -: doesn’t necessarily have to be an expert to enjoy it. The badminton • court is on the third floor of the Fieldhouse, and is open all afternoon untiL nine o’clock in the evening and there are' plenty of rackets, and shuttlecocks; to he checked out at the equlphieilt
Everyone who has had any ex- ; perience at badminton,. amateur or expert, is invited to cortie around and sign up for the tourney .c’;s,.
Bill Terry, manager of the New York Giants, is said to be the wealth-iest-leader of any club in baseball.
Everything for a College Education
DEAL’S
GOOD PRINTING PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Less Money
Kane's Print- Shop 401 S. ,29th St., ,P,hone 520S
a Zeta To Hold w. k. Creson Will Speak
Before SAE Tomorrow
Frosh Meeting, 7:30
IDqily Health
In order to acquaint incoming freshmen with the faculty members, students and service clubs of the school gf Agriculture, Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary society, will hold its annual freshman reception this evening at 7:30 o’clock in the livestock judging pavilion. ‘ Don Brinkerhoff, ventriloquist, and his “Charlie McCarthy,” will be featured in a gala hour and onehalf vaudeville show. Refreshments will be served, h.e.
W. K. Creson, chief engineer of the Ross Gear and Tool Co. and SAE member, will be the chief speaker at a meeting of the student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. Creson’s talk Will revolve around SAE activities and affairs. P. A. Jackson, head of Automotive Engineering, and J. Liston, faculty advisor of. the. oi’ganization, will be present. •■Acting-/cliairman will be Jan^s Rofiiatt.-y.e.h'.
Service Report
R. I. Mendelsohn, freshman engineer, entered the Home Hospital for medical treatment Sunday and Prances Neldreth, graduate student, was discharged from there Monday, . '
EDGERTON HDWE.JKC HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Studehts, It s dt
DECKER’S
518 MAIN STREET
Good MUYItC IS SELDOM TAKEN BUT READ THIS ANYWAY
Pul- away summer clothes soiled and the spots and prespiratfon stains will eat and discolor the fabricso that it will be ImpossiNe to have theopi cleaned properly. . . Put-them away clean and in the spring you will have a giarment ready for wear and like new.
i’. i. ’ fe ^ ‘
VcAi'
■ )■<
tltWHtd^iy/ sipt»mh«£ 25i 1^1
Ss-tv’. iSK'ifi'jiff >',5S'ta->'-s. Goll. D^urtnoAnnonn^e Cheer Leader , jieleciions ’ ■ Yesten^y ‘iniipuncement of fjie members for the 1941-42 cheer-lead-ing squad was made by Johnny Goll, tnanager, and Dick DeGamo, head cheer lehdbr. A squad of' eight—5 edd’^alrtd 8 cUeds—^will hanme the cheering dssipnments during the^ coming mofaths. The 'following will be on the held 'Saturday afternoon: Bruce Adams, junior; Bob Stone, sophomore; Pete Schwab, sophomore; Ed Gruis, freshman; Jean Barrett, sophomore; Sylvia Polites,freshman; and JBille Nichols, freshman, 'a.p.h.
Dr Paul A Risk Dr Luther A Risk Dr Harold J Risk — DENTISTS —• ^ 400-404 Schutz BHig. 4th and Main St. ' liafayetta
Vaii^eihilt Eleven .8oai$b IndiyicludI
Speed for ftosJ-Ade 4
n(fn|p
AUi GAMPlfe golf ThqMdar. Bmitliniber ‘Z& > Championahtp Flight: hirst round must be played by Friday, Sept. 26. * M L. Munson vs T. M. Shead. W. F. Stuart vs Shelby. Ocfelltree Vs Marlin. Staekhottse vs Bob Smith. Stafne Vs Parsons. Kerfls va Beniger. ' Rake iTohnson Vs F. Kroft. Ganham vs T. B. Graham.
Second Flight:
Laddon vs Hudson, Rdberts vs L. V. Hoffman. M, L. Clevett vs Robertson. ■Wishe'vs Poston. Olmstead vs Kitts. Hoffer vs Ainsworth.
Rich vs Proesel
Oooftibs vs Weglinski. .
Third Flight:
Kadofn vs Mansfield. " D. H Daley vs fToffke. Shumaker vs Knutaen.
Sprhgue vs Koohl. Dvorak vs Comus. Fedder vs Busher.
Worl vs Cole.
Phi Wta Theta
Alpha Tau Omfiga Vs DeH
Harris, This'Season
Lambda. ‘ ,
Phi Gamma Delta vs Theta Tau, _ u <a ^ ^ tVLjH: * ' u'n i" h. h
Kappa Delta Rho vs Alpha Sigma CORch HermUJl Phinips' cross
I^ma Phi Epsilon vs^ Tan Kappa country squftd wlH Compete thiB full orable improvement over Ws fom
\
Epsilon.
frebbmrn tennis toubKament
Thursday, September 28
COURT 4:16 p.m. 1 D. Rodgers vs Wm. Snow. 2 H Voth vs J. E. Krcisle. S G. Gifford vs L. C. McCampbell. 4 Garber vs D. Dial. 5 R. Stallings vs G. R Witsman.
Bob Hunt vs A. Crofts. FaWoett vs F. Clark.
G. Pavis vs Jim Baldwin.
Olmsted vs R Altherr. D. Rohjnson vs Daley.
DIAMf
SOFTBALL Thursday, September 25 -ID ’ ’ , rheta Oht yd Deltit Chi. Delta UPsllpifvs Phi Kappa Tau.
L. Hpt&man vs D. Long. L. Gould vs Bob Greider
R Witsman vs J. W. Graybill.
K. Koch vs Bill Duesterberg.
J Cohen vs R M. Cunnipgham.
Bob Martin vs Bill Tyson. H Kutch vs Jira Mitchell. Bill Clem VB Fred Sines,
ley Meyer vs F Dyer. ^
Arbegust' ys Bill Dingle.
I oaf
Beac Says: , . rf/i >! ' "(''■‘t ' >> I have ^old Parker Peii» for 33 years, and have found them satisfactory. H. (fi. IMIner b66k store
BY Parker's BLUE DIAMOND/
Room to
with a Third More
than average of three well-knoivn sac-type pens, due to Parker's patented One-Hand Sade^s Vaeuxaettio Filler ^ GUARANTEED ^ LIFE CQNTRfXT
Try yourself on this Quiz: 1. What Pen has, and always has had, the Clip that's right at the top, thus holds itiow and tme«,poaed in the pocket ?—trimmest for civilian dress and uniforms. 2. What Pen has the "One-Mand” SACUESS Filler, making room to SUPER-CHARGE with a third more ink ? 3. What Pen has the lubricated Point of 14 K nonbrittle Gold, tipped with “oil-smooth" Osmindiutfi that won’^ wear scratchy as loni as you Ove? 4. What Pen has the TELEVISION bartel that SHOWS when to refill? 5. What Pen is styled of shimmering Pearl and Jet RINGS—voted the winner of the beauty contest by men and girls alike? College men and women must know all the answers because you buy more Parkers than any other make. Well, see these latest and most attractivejpafkers for school priced at $2.95 and $3.95 for the Parker Duofold, $5, $8.75 and $10 for the Parker Vacumatic. Don’t make the mistake &f buying ANY until you’ve tned Parker’s/ One-Hand Filler. copr irri.theparkerpen c The Parker Pen Company, Janesville, Wisconsin
DRESS WELL FOR THE GAME .1 Visit Our Sportswear Departments-
Skirts Sweaters Blouses ( Sport Suits ^ Sport Dresses t Jerkins Jerkin Suits Station Wagon Coats
413-17 Main Street
for thb flTst time with the ranking junior :&onf peveriy, « „ „ . ^ - Ti. • 1.1. Massachusetts, is reqlly r hot run-
of a major snort team. It is rather ^ r. VC « *v w lei consistently on
ntHn;fe thferefoire, that the sejuad lleels of Holderman in all the
should he one of great promise. In WCHfkouts.
the opinion iif Coach Phillips the More Veterans
material is the tefet he has had in Keith McLaughlin, a senior, Don his years as Boilermaker cross Kemp, a very consistent performer country mentdt. JentscI^ who ^so
■ performs on the track squad are
HoIderWAn Bdek returning experienced performers. Bd Holderman, a great competi- prom last year's freshman squad tor in the hill Rhd dale sport, will cotoes Charles Duesler with a very
be on hand to lead the team foi’ his Bhihie record,
last sfembstef of sports competition. T'his year’s meets will be held Ed .popb a ratord rf two .ea.oBa «" “f «»""*? “V™-
. The start and finish of the course
without a defeat in dual competi- gj,g gj,g^ ^gg gf ^.j^g ^j^j.gg jjgjg tion. The only blferiiishes on his golf course. Prom start to finish, near perfect record are a third place the course winds among a maze of in the state meet last year, a sixth hills that are a real test of running
place in the N.C.A.A. cross country ability .
meet at Lansing two years ago, and Host To Big Ten a second place in the I.C.A.A. meet An excellent program will be on in Chicago that same fall. This is hand for devotees of the harrier the last sport that Ed will compete sport this fall, Headliping the fall in for Purdue, because he becomes bill will be the Big Ten and the ineligible for competition this Feb- State meets, dates of which will be ruary. announced later. The first dual No team cap go places that has meet of the season will be against only one man to carry it. So to Illinois on October 4. Aside from lend able assistance to Holderman *the usual interest attending a meet are several men that will give real there will be the added feature of strength and balance to the team, being able to see just how well the Wqo^jj Appletog^^s shown^consid- team will show in. competition. e,l.k.
Get Your Parker Pen at miVERSin BOOK $111 Across from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. «Doc” Epple, ’40
^TELEVISION
Moxlma/$10 Major (IIIUS4) or Debutante, $8.75 Junior or Sub^Deb# $5 Wrlteflne Pencils lo match, $3.75 to $5
Parker's Blue Diamond on the pen is our Mfe Contract unconditionally Guaranteeing to service the pen for the life of the owner except for loss and intentional damage, subject only to U 35c charge for postage. insurance, and handling, provided complete pen is returned for
service.
To moko you. Pm a «alf-el«onar, u.e1>arkar Qu/nic, Iha amazing now pan-ctaanlng Ink, IS#
FINGERTIP QoiAtS The Popular, Thing For Fall Campus Wear For comfprt, for sr^artm^Sf fov for fall, get yourself a quality Fingertip Coat.
INC. WEST LAFAYETTE
Meet the Team Presenting,
Marion Carter
V Hy Jim Braser
A fast halfback, five feet eleven inches tall and weighing 165 pounds, with a shock of red hair completing the picture is a satisfactory description of Marion Carter. Needless to say, his nickname is “Red” and also superfluous is the infer mation that he will play a lot of
football this season. Second Story Man
Red played his-pfS^ollege foot-j ball at Washington High School of Indianapolis, Where he was a teammate of Bob Kersey. He also starred
\?
Eleven^ Commodore men from 4^^ IsJadlviHe way will be io Stadtom Safcorily aftfemoon, aToillg rdfh immy sbiihorabl’e reendts, fo diJipbbe Coach 34al ^Itward's Boilermakers gridders. Strong Backs ^ Out of this group of edeven v6t+ erans. Coach Red Sanders boasts two triple-threat men and of individual power. Coadh San^rs. youngest of head coaches In tho Southeastern Conference, became Vanderbilt's foreman in m40 and since that time has been gaining back the Commodore’s conference , prestige which slipped away after its last championship hack hi 1980. Joe Atkinson, senior letterman from Waco, Texas, will captain the 1941 rebel squad. Considered one the “iron” men of Vandy*s forward wall, Joe will handle the guard post right across from Tommy Melton, Riveter co-captain. Coach Sanders is having a hard ^time choosing between big Bobby Gude, 200 poimd veteran center from Memphis, and a junior, bVed Holder, another 200 pound hefty from back in the Tennessee hills. Gude was All-Southeastern center last season and is Vandy's candidate for an All-American honors this fall, but Holder, outstanding member of the 1989 rhinie squad, has been giving Gnde plenty of trouble in pre-season workouts. Jolting Jenkins Probably the greatest threat to Mai Elward’s linemen will be Jack Jetouns, another 200 pound man hailing from Texarkana, Tex. Mnsr'ar'jnnibrPIs claimed by
Nashville sports experts to have more natural ability than any man |on the squad. He came to Vanderbilt as a guard but was shifted into the backfield where he has become
in basketball and tiack. Evidently, Qf -jbe best- blacking hacks in i,i.„ 4,„ South. “Hits like a truck, is a
Coach Sanders
The Year of Years to Use Crown Cleaning Service Crown has been serving Purdue students for more than a
Quarter Century.
This year we are better prepared than ever. Recently we completed a new plant—new buildings—^new equipment. Better methods to serve you. «
f ■k . •
— Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly —
Red doesn’t like to keep his feet on
the ground, for in track his special-tackier,’-
ties were the p^le vault, high jump,* says,
and broad jump. His best efforts^ The only real Yankee on the Comhave been made in the pole vault modore squad is Art Rebroviteh, a and the Riveter track team claimed transfer in his sophomore year him as its number one vaulter in from Minnesota. Rebroviteh came the past season. Red has cleared ^owu from the “land of a thousand twelve and one half feet on num- lakes” to fill a wingback position erous occasions and this year hopes but this fall was transferred to the to be sniffing around the thirteen tailback spqt where Tie has klosfoot mark. somed out as Vanderbilt’s real trip-
Carter is a junior in the Science le threat.
School, with business administra- Fullback Hurt tion ^ his major. He hopes for a George Jijiarlin, 165‘ senior job in sales after graduation, but from TuRahoma, Tennessee, was a coaching job would not be re- slated to fill the fullback post this pulsive to him. Red is a member Saturday, but sustained an ankle of Kappa Sigma social fraternity injury last Wednesday and might and IS a well known figure on the be replaced by Bernie Rohling, a capipua. , sophomore and a dangerous broken Feur of exposure evidently kept field runner. Bed frqm divulging much informa- Binks ^“Jlinky” Bushmaier, 165 tiQii,,9p personal matters. He pre- pound junior letterman from Van ferred to remain silent on matters Buren, Arkansas, Bob Burns’ home epn^erning j;he opposite sex; a sil- tawn, gained All-AWrican honorence that could mean almost any- able mention last year, is a good thing. He did weaken a little, how- passer, and is the Commodores’ eyer, when he admitted that girls'best ground-gainer. ’The opposition V^i^ j-ed hair held no attraction seldom run plays around his wing, for.kito- ^ Good Record Beef,Enter Vandenbilt’s all-time record is Aftes considerable wheedling, more impressive than its 1940 gridRed finally came through with sey- iron results which jraidi the rebel eral homey bits of information. He team ns 106 in the nation, having likes steaks, dresses conservatively, only three wins, con^ared to a fie and claims Re has a mild temper in mjd six losses. Since 1690 the ComSpite of his hair. modpres have won 295 put of 432 ^ Ope football expel ience that he contests, chalking up 10,101 points will pever forget is his run against to the opponents 2,813. This ye^, Wiaconpip, last year; After break- wjth almost a dozen' outstan^g ing loose, he puffed along for nearly players. Red Sanders hopes to be 50 yards before slowing down near- bach in the wip column more coaly to a walji, which made him easy sistently, and according to sports meat for a pursuing tackier, p^he statisticians, his chances aie betcoaching staff still libs him about ter than average, dje.h. his wind. «
4rchers Provided With New fergets Robin Hoods, cupids, and any
Boilermaker -who ie interested in the ancient sport archery, maq^r acquire practice and perhaps skill if he wishes tq do so. A range of four targets has been setup west of the men’s cement tennis^^courts on
NortWestern avemuO. \ Students ipterested in archery
are urged to usrthis range ^d to join the archery club that is bmpg organized again this year. The firsi meeting to’ this year’s club will be held in Room 104 of the Fieldfib^_ Gym, at 4:16 p.m., Monday, &ptember 29. At this tune, officers of the club will be elected and information regaining the use of the University’s equipment-will be given to all’aspirants, A program is being adojtoed for teaching the amateur, so Jhat^ skilled and novice
nigh^rs alike can participate. To climqx the archery season ani
all campus archery tournament wiilj
be st^ed late in, Octobel^ s.4,w.
The army’s new “shirtpocket” food lations—1^-ounce, condensed meals—-were developed by Dr. Ancel Keys of the University of Min-
nesota.
/
Mounted speciments Georgia birds are contain^ Emm'y UaivensHy ntnbeu
ip the
y /*Aljb
ifo i'
»
We ;,iiear tell that Prof Babcock 45 fame thinks that We did Marjory Ifoang a great psychoidijlcal harm by building her up in j^is column.- Well, iPrpf Babcock, 'Jhai^sd or not, we’re sure that if Iteeb^ her, you w say that ahb w&s extremely fascinating. Wish b^e could write it like you say it.' Dick Rechtenwald, Bob Klein and “Prenchy” LeinwebIter seem to/have hit upon the right l|omula foff getting dates when they’re on V^oreign campus. Last . l^riday night^^he boys took a trip ip Indianapolis and took in the But* campus while dowii there, v: Well, anyhow, wanting dates, thby made their way to the local H Pbi house and made themselves '^btibWh> saying that they were the' b?**. of Purdue Pi Phis. Among ihp pin girls, were named Jeanne ■ Mbws' and the Purdue Sweater girl, namely, Jane Robinson. Don’t know hobr the boys did down there but . sure know how to pick them ujl^ere. . ^j^king of The Sweater Girl, We hepr tell that Janie got a postcard the other day addressed to the PnrdUe Sweater Girl with one word OB, it—^“WOW.” Looks like the post . o^ce department around here reads thb Cplumn. -■ ;i|Iave you heard? Yes sir, Jean : (Dracnla) Frankenberry has re- , fm-ined this year and she is actually . being nice to people. The change has , succeeded, too, for she now has thr.ee men chasing her, a Sig Ep, i' Phi Tau, and a DU, namely Bill 'Simpson, Jack Miller, and Frankie Kahn, respectively. \ \ . i Well, the open season for Senior .Moustaches starts today but as us-.^ •,«al the Frosh have jumped the gun ;i|tseveral cases. For instance, Theta Ki Bob Hall was attacked yester.day, but managed to get out a yell I which brought him assistance. , :^ere have been some successful atteihpts, though. One fellow in the ;EF school is already going around .with a piece of adhesive tape where the cookie duster used to be, and jevery one of the thirteen Phi Kap Seniors, amongst whom were some •stellar moustache owners like Dick •S^ynplds, Charley Davidson, and Ehnck Standard, have been shorn of ihei^, glory. All of them were shaved before seven o’clock yesterday
Thursday, Sept. 25' jLOrOU—pNews li3:10—Curio Man 10:15—Music 10:30—Listen While You Work 11:00—Federated Clubs 11:16—Music 11:30—P.T. A. 11:60—Purdue News^ 12:00—Ag. Forum 12:16—^Meet the Band 1:00—Souyepiors 1:46—Markets 3:00—A Story a Day 2:16—The Apothecary 2:46,—Treasure Chest 3:00—News—Music 4:00-r-Tea Time Tunes 4:16—^Heard in the Hallway 4:46—Little Miss Muffet 6:00—Just Relax 6:30—^Vespers 6:46—Curio Man 6:60—News. 6:00—Dinner Music 6:30—Sports , 6:45—Magic Carpfet ' 7:00—Sociology with Prof. Noss 7:50—Music 8:00—Story of the Opera 8:30—^Eventide Echoes : 8:46—Sacred Music 9:00-^The Concert Master 9:30—Music 9^60—News .
■ ■Ai; SfeWarf Will' t)iirec:l'. Group Singing Today AI Stewart, head of the musical organizations of the University will direct community singing at the Annual Monroe Cbunty Pall Festival at Ellettsville this afternoon. He will also introduce Marvin Smith, tepor, Vernon Westburg, violinist, University students who will present. several solos accompanied by Joanne Lloyd. The rest of the program at the festival which will last four days includes speeches • by Governor Schricker and Lieutenant Governor Charles Dawson. j.f.a.
Vidory Bell
(Continued from page 1) over, and on both occasions the game was also lost. At present there are three keys to the house of the bell. The president of the University, the president of the Student Senate, and the superintendent of buildings guard these keys. The age old tradition of the victory bell will be part of every student and alumni long after thrilling moments of victorious games have faded.
Three gibbons, anthropoid apes more closely related to man than any of the monkeys, have been acquired by the psychology laboratory at Pennsylvania State College for experimental purposes. ; morning, too. Maybe it was the unlucky number that got them. As you probably noticed, all of the news today was concentrated on a very few houses. That’s your fault and not ours, you know. We can’t. be everyplace at once. So, why not bring the mountain to Mohammed? Send us in something good, and We’ll guarantee that it will make the column. So long.
Notices
Exponent Sophomores: New men are assigned to nights-as follows—Eckstein, Monday, Wednesday; Kimbrell, Monday, Wednesday; Shevell, Monday, Friday; Starr, Monday, Thursday; Wells, Monday, Wednesday ; Glaspie, Monday, FridaySummers, Tuesday, Thursday ; Kumlander, Tuesday, Thursday; Allemang, Tuesday, Saturday ; Glass, Wednesday, Saturday. ^RUFFNEB Exponent Sophomore Coeds: Work schedule is posted in office. Please check and report on days assigned. —^ROSE Students Eligible for N. Y. A.: Inquire at Playshop business office, Fowler Hall, about available N. Y. A. jobs in connection with dramatics. —CARMICHAEL Freshmen Engineers: Seating assignments for engineering lectures to bo held in Fowler Hall are posted near the front entrance on the ground floor in Michael Golden Shops; —W. A. KNAPP Militar;y Code, Classes: Extra-curricular code instruction will be conducted by the military department again this year for any male students interested. Announcement of the schedule will be made the last week in' October. '■ . ' • ^BURKHART. Modern Dance Club: Practice Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 4 p.m. and Thursday at 7 p.m. every week. —SEBBAN WAA: Tennis practices every Tuesday and Friday. Tournament scheduled in the next two weeks. Three practices needed . to participate. —STIGERWALD Purdue Players: There will be an important meeting of the executive board Thursday, Sept. 25 at 4 in Fowler Hall.
—KECK
Registration Workers: Students who worked for Military Dept, during registration may obtain pay checks in Supply Office of Armory. —BROWN Physical Examiners: Students who worked giving physical examinations may get their checks at Student Health Service. —MILLER
Purdue, ^iidcht ' Bbnsiiig ' Odriiortitien: Meeting Thursday; Sept. 26 at, 7 :8^) p.m. in rodm 865 of Union. All memhots of Shoemaker, Kttcale, and Rochdale are; expected to attend. —KLINE AIChE: All sdphomore, junior, and senior chemical engineers are invited , to a, student-facUlty smoker at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 30 in west faculty ; lounge of Union.^Befreshments. —KBAYBILL Battery Athletic Officers.: Meeting of all BAO’s Friday, September 2G at''4 in RoOm 206 of Armory. —LT. VANDERFORD Sigma Delta Chi Members: Fletemeyer Says no. If youi want a key, the chapter can pay only $3, and other $3 must bo paid by member. Those desiring keys may get them in the aforementioned manner. —TBAUGOTT Former Scouts and Scouters: Open meeting of Alpha Phi Omega, scouting service fraternity, Tuesday, Sept, 80 at 7:30 p.m. in Union. All those interested are invited. --SIGLER Gimlet Actives and Pledges: . Brief but important meeting Friday, Sept. 26 at 4 p.m. in Student Senate Office. Come and get sideline passes. Also lowdown on first party. Be there. —JOHNSON, ■Virginia C- Meredith Club: Callout for all H. Ec. students Monday, Sept. 29 at 4 p.m. Refreshments. Membedship drive for two weeks thereafter. 60c per year.
—BLANK
WAA: Spoedball practice Thursday, Sept. 26 at 4 p.m. —GOLBRAITH Purdue Engineer Woiikers: Friedman, Patterson, Plothow, 'Wormser, Glunt, and other sophomore workers report for work Thursday, Sept. 86 Jat 4 p.m. ■ —HAWKINS Purdue Engineer Workers: Ebling, Peel, and Grcider report Thursday, Sept. 26. to work on circulation. —^NEUMAN Undergraduate DamCO: Business meeting Tuesday, September 30 at 7 :30 p.m. in room 261 of Union. —VOLLMER Football Ushers and Police: The following students report at the Field House on Thursday evening, September 25, at 4 p.m. HiEAU:usHbjES; E. W. Azpell, L. D,,Beehfol, P, ,W. Case, J. C. Clouser, C. B.. R.'Fitzwilliams, N. L. Gage, V. C. Hill, E. F. Jojr, H.'L. Kendall, R. A. Lcibler, J. H. Lux, C. T. Mafck, G. D. Meid, J. W. Mercer, A. J. Miller, C. O. Mock, W. Muaser, G. B. Schick, C. S. Shaffner, L. W. Thomas, R. M; Thomas, J. W. Wiley, L. A. Wilhelm.
USHERS
R. F. Abell, M. W. Anderson, A. M. Arnold, W. D. Bancker, C. Bartholomai, D. Bauman, R. Becker, G. Bennett, R. W. Biddle, L. J. Brower E. N. Bucheit, K. Coleman, J. L- Cohant, D. Cooper, J. M. Davis, R, L..DiIts, E. H. Dodge; R. Dollens, C. J. Duesler, J. Ember, W. J. Fields. P. E. Friend. R. T. Gbrvais, J. E. Grimm, T. Grove, R. Hayes, F. C. Hess, F. L. Hopping, G. D. Johnson, F. A. Kalina, J. M. Kelly, F. Kinder, B. A. Krantz, C. E. Kron, A. Kusko, F. B. Lake, K. L. Lynch, L. R. McEachron, G. Mackley, R. M. Maloney. N. E. Marozick, R. F. Myer, W. A. Neutzel, B. K. O’Bear, Don Ogilvie, C. V. Parrish, W. Pozer, R. I. Quillen, D. C. Roach, R. K." Sheridan, E. Skubik, C. E. Sohl, R. L. TenEyck, R. H. Van Deusen, W. A. Vickery, C. Wasson, R. J. Winner, W. H. Wooden, J. W- Wright, W. G. Yoder, R. G. Young, G. Yurkanan, J. A. Zehring.
POLICE
D. Adams, Ted Anderson, B. Anthony, W.
Appleton, 0, Armstrong, S. Atz, Oj.'Best, M, J. Boots, F. M. Brannor, B. Britt, W. B. Brown, T. Burger, C. CarCsSioB.' Carson, J; Conrad, C. A. Davis, G., W. Dick, • W. R.. Dudzinski, C. Fojstkron, W. W. Frank, W. L. Gates, J. W. Geiger, C. JHippi j, A. 'Hlinka, 0,. Hoehamcr, H. HoffmaU, G. R. Holden'.
E. J. Holdemian, ,R. W; Jarvis, .A.
Jentsch, B, Jones, B. Keim, D. H, Kemp, T. Kieffer, F. Krarape, R H. Lawson, W. L. Leifheit, G. Lovett, R.. Lucht, J; McCord, K. C. McLaughlin, M, MacDonald, J., W. Maybaum, A. C. MenkO, W. B. Monical, J. K. Moore, D. Nettesheim, R. E. Pear-
son, P. Petrich, B.' Platt. '
'C. Polk, F. Ponder, G. Rawles, J. Shoemaker, D. Steffner, B. Van Camp, J. Wargo, C. N. Wentworth, R. Witsman, C. W.
Wright.
-SANDERS
Classifieiif
Typciwritcrs—Adding machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph anU multigraph work done. I C. J. Ebershoff,' 606 Main. Phone 2779, Lafayette. Lost: Brown striped Parker fountain pen last Montlay. Gall Hanson 6067. Reward.
Lost: Gold medal on' SieWert field, south, of FleUlhOuse. Inscribed—I.H.S.A.A^ Ohami*v pion 880 Relay lOiO. RteWard, Call 6472: ; Lost; Alpha Chi Omega pin. ftewU^d, Call B. Partenheimer. 6092. , , , -j: ;;? Wanted; Student to exchange work—^fUll , or part time—for comfortable room in Wept Lafayette home. Phone 7293. 202 So. Chauh-' cey St. . Lost: One Dietzen '“Federal’'’ Drawing.' Jet of instruments, Reward. Call 2847. Liniis Caldavelli. ' Lost: Brown leather billfold contain'inSt. valuable papers and money. Call Zeck 2812* .
Rooms: for overnight. Phone 41064.
141 Sheets • St.
What’s, yolir “Dating Quotient” ? Information pleaset Gonfitlentially, how is yoiir dating? Our experienced operators will keep yojir D. Q. at the top. CO-ED BEAUTY SALON
210 NORTH SIXTH
DIAL 3718
THE SOOHER THEY tEARH THIS LESSON THE BETTER
Ymt hm WMO hotmdks of light out dm$, \ \ •«• how mofiy doos your home have indoors?
*Xheife tSflb $utef Way to undermine ^ under the right kind of lamp and
bulb. Studies are tough enough at best, so give him a lift . . . and evety member of your family will benefit. Call us today and let us advise with you as to the best way to meet your better lighting re-
quirements - -
health and drag down marks thati 1 ' ■ ■. '■ 7/' to study and read under poor light*
' . <■' - - ' , ,
ing conditions. That’s a lesson we’re never too young or too old to learn. Start the school year right by mak< ing sure that youngster works ] -
At Our Up-to-the-Minute Skirts SPORTS BAR Jackets
530 Main Street
Southworth’s
PUBLIC SERVICE C O M P A N Y“O F 1 N Of A
Here’s What the
SENIORS Are Going to Be Doing from Now ’Till Sat.
lST“»They’re going to protect those MUSTACHES at any cost.
2MD“=They re going to try to hide their CORDS. (Under a coonskin coat is one place-but they’ll think of better places.)
3RD—They’re not going to forget to stop at Southworth’s and get their derbies and I canes!
P. S.-Seniors if you can stand a stogie with that outfit, we’ve got those tod-
[ BOOK s mm sifliiE 308-10 STATE ST. VVEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
■HH
Southworth’s
, )■