Vi''*.
|y.
EDITORIAL: Censorship In Democracy— Read Editorial On Page 2
1 V.,v
'-ifX h h.M
rit',, ■•?'''<t^|
SPORTS; Frosh/ Varsity tasfcethafll Game Set For Tuesday
Volume 53« No. 64
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, November 27., 1S41
Big Ten Representatives SOX Names ^fofnfnees CynDnpiit Will •““•■ Meet For Women's '947 'Stuff Queens>^*^""*="‘
Thirteen coeds have been nominated for the title “The /R^Rj |
^ l_r n *1/^ ij ^1 ^ "Cf * Cl * Tv 14>
Sfussion Conference Convention Tomorrow, Saturday To Debate Post War World Order
Thirteen coeds have been nominated for the title “The Queen of The Bare Back Riders” of the Sigma Delta Chi |liveter’s Rassle, since balloting began last Monday. The Queen with her court, “Queen of the Tight Wire,” and “Queen of the Glittering Spangles,” the two runner-ups in the contest will reign at the annual SDX ball on- Friday, Dec. 12,
which will carry out a circus
Hold Callout Staff Today
a
Representatives from all Big Ten schools will convene at Fluirin PaslAl the University tomorrow and Saturday for the Women’s Dis- AriTiy riyiny vOUGl cussion Conference, of the Western Conference Debate ^ .
\Exaininino Board
Topiu of the conference is “What Patt Should the United ^ States Play in Establishing a Just and Stable Post War World Order?”.Registration will be held at 9 a. m. tomorrow in the lobby of the Union, to be fol-
theme this year. Coeds Nominated
The following coeds have been
Donna Seiss, Ginny
to Return Dec. 1
nominated:
Schaup, June Borrow, Betty Bris coe, Becky Ann Pervine, Agnes McCulloch, Euth Rose, Ginny Diehl,
Amsden Will Speak To Naval Reserve Applicants Today
Freshman
Editors Will Outline Workings Of Paper In Union At 4:15 P- M-
Engineering Juniors, Seniors To Hear Talk
„ , ^ Captain W. F. Amsden, director Barbara Fellows, Roberta Glezen, i ™ ^ i tt j i,,r • • commandant of naval reserve
Freshmen men and coeds interested in working on any of the three staffs of the Exponent are invited to attend the annual callout meeting to be held at 4:15 this afternoon in Room 362 of the Union. Members of the senior and junior staffs will lead discussions-aimed at acquainting potential workers with the functions and duties connected with the, various departments and the
lowed by a coaches’ meeting in the East Faculty Lounge and general session from 10
until 10:30 a. m. Betty Foss Is Chairman
At the general session Betty Foss, Indiana University, will serve as chairman of the panel discussion, made up of one member from each school. Professor Frank Hall
Concert Group Tours In Kentucky; To Sing Today In Louisville
the Ninth Naval District, will Officers Will Interview speak this afternoon at 4 in room ADDllCantS ForTrainina °®trander. Balloting is still open j29 of the Electrical Engineering Applicants l-or training ^ votes may be cast for any of Building on the opportunitii avail Aviation, cadet examining board, the above coeds, or for any other young men in the United headed by Major Joseph E. Moore, coed on the campus. States Naval Reserve. Although enwill be on the campus during the Qualifications gineering juniors and seniors are week of December 1, according to The only requirements are that especially urged to attend, the meetan announcement received from the person nominated is a coed and jng will be open to the public and Scabbard and Blade, military hon- that she is a “Queen.” Official SDX individual interviews for tomorrow
John Strohm Will Talk About South America In' V
An open meeting with
orary. This is the second appearance definition of a “Queen” is a coed or Saturday mornings may be ar- Strohm, assistant editor of Prairie Three Staffs Continuing their trip through of the board on the campus this fall with “beauty, personality and ranged after this afternoon’s meet- Farmer, as the speaker will be .spon-
inner workings of the Ex-
ponent in general.
Previous experience, although helpful, is not a prerequisite for work on any of the staffs. Only necessary requirements for prospective freshmen workers are interest in the work, a sense of humor, cooperative spirit, and a sense of
John responsibility.
, . Kentucky, the University Concert as it examined applicants from Oc- especially “stuff.” None of the three ing. of the history, economics and gov- choir will sing today at 11 a. m. in tober 28 to November 1. requisites need explanation. Votes Officer On Campus ernment department will speak be- ^he Seymour High School audito- Board To Examine Students may be cast at the Union west desk Lt. Com. A. R. J. L. Pieper,'rclore the conference at the luncheon of Seymour, Ky. J. Ralph During next week, the examining or at the Exponent office. Ballot- cruiting officer for the Naval Rew the Union. Thompson, of Seymour, member of board will examine all students who ing will continue until next Wed- serve, will be on the campus for ) T i-n University board of trustees, have applied for aviation cadet nesday at 5 p. m. three days starting today and he le e a e a ernoon session. entertain the choirsters at a training since its last visit here. Special Ticket Offer will interview seniors in engineerjUC group wi iscuss e pro - luncheon. Tonight they will sing at Anyone between the ages of 20 and A special offer will be made on ing who are interested in enlisting definite con- Loui.sville under the auspices of the 26 years is eligible to apply for the price of all tickets purchased in the class V-7 of the Naval Re-
Men’s Club of St. Andrew’s Episco- tiaining, provided he has had two before Dec. 8. Until that date the serve.
pal Church. years of college training or has only mazuma needed to pui chase Applicants for appointment as Famous Artists 'fo Play passed ah educational examination, a ticket will be $1.99’/! instead of midshipmen must be between the In addition to the legular pro- 'Those who fail to pass the physical the regular $2.19’/^. After Dec. 8 ages of 20 and 27, inclusive, and
examination are eligible to enroll the price will return to $2.19VSi. must have completed succes.sfully lys ground ciew workers or engi- Sigma Delta Chi’s treasuiy has tour years of work at an accredited
been pried open until then to make college or university. In their col-
Scabbard and Blade is sponsoring up the extra 20 cents! now required lege work the applicants must have the examinations and their plans by law and FDR. included two years of mathematics, call for the formation of Boilei mak- Costume.s for the “sawdust a course in physic^ and a couise in
ing by Miss Gloria Specht. Mr. and ^ly’ng Units of 20 students each swing” will be left up to the m- chemistry. An engineering degree is Mrs. Stewart are chaperoning the composed entirely of University dividuals. i Anything from a ma- not required if the applicant has ac-
studentsi hout’s .sarong to a wild-man’s cumulated the aforementioned crgd Last night, in the opening concert Cadets Are I’aid $7.7 Per Month leopard skin will be permissible, its. Cadets are paid $75 per month Rumor has it that one coed is going After a ifi-elimi/iary examination and they receive uniforms, equip- to cover herself with caramel and at a Navy rgoruiting station, the (Continued on page 4) go as a taffy apple. (Goufinued on page 4)
sorecj by Alpha Zeta, national agricultural honorary, tonight at 8 in Fowler Hall. Strohm, who recently maiiied Miss Lilliari Murphy, homo econom-
clusiop.
To Reach Final Decisions After the banquet the groups will again meet for completion of roqnfi tajile discussions, and solutioi)s. On Saturday morning the gr.oup meetings will come to the final conclusions, and dismiss for
thb g^eneral session.
gram by the Choir, Dii’ector Albdit P. Stewart has'arranged for several special features. The specialty num- ”cers.^ bers include violin solos by Vernon Westburg, piano numbers by An-
p^finn};',^Hopfinger, Northwestern gela Castellani, and acrobatic danc-
University, is chairman of the gen-
eral conference, at which the group chaiiThfeh will “report on the conclusions of her group on the problem. The general chairman will then summarize these reports. During Saturday’s luncheon Professor.s Lull and Monroe of the speech department will give critical comments on the conference. A radio broadcast from WBAA is the final activity of the conference. One representative from each group will pSrtitipate in a round table discussion of the conference
topic, a.l.w.
of the tom, the group sang at Bed-
ford, Ky. h.e.
WAA's Harvest Hop Will Feature Bobby
Campus Activities Promise Busy Week-End
Moore's
Orchestra Contest Features Vaudeville^ Beauty
John Strohm
By Dave Glass
Military Boxing Finals Decided In Fieldhouse Before 250 Witnesses
Featured social attraction of tomorrow evening will be the annual
WAA sponsored HarvestHop which , , will be held in the North Ballroom Saturday at 8 p. m. in the Music ^'ance.
Debris Beauty Contest scheduled rhumbas and tangos and one com
ics graduate, will speak on the sub-
ject “As I Saw South America.” A spots throughout the countiy and five-month trip into Latin America
some moie of that Byrnes music, eailier this year is the basis of his on the sports staff are quite Sim-
Immediately after the dances, the Parkers Will Flip lectuie. While touiing 18 of the 20 rlar to those of the editorial staff.
The Exponent working personnel is made up of three staffs—principally the editorial, business and sports. Positions are open for coeds on both the editorial and business departments, while all three staffs employ the services of men. For a period of approximately two weeks a training school will be conducted for the benefit of the new workers on the editorial and sports staffs. Lee Ruffner, managing editor, will be in chal’ge of this course and will be assisted by the elected junior and senior staff members from various departments. Included in the training course will be a study and discussion of the intracacies connect^ with the writing of good newspaper copy. Also taken up will be headline Avriting'and the pi;ope'r report-
ing procedures.
Types Of Work Done
Central staff of the Exponent is the editoiial which entails work in reporting, writing news and featuie stories, writing headlines, rewuting, pioof-reading and editing. Freshman workers on this staff are required to woik only one day a week. Coed workers will be excused at 6 p. m. while the men will usually be through about 8 p. m. The duties of freshman workers
By Joe Dawson
Before a crowd of some 260 students, the finals of the arfnual fresh-
of the Union from 9 to 12. Bobby a wi evia e rom le se s y e contestants will parade Then comes the highly publicized South Ameiican countries, Strohm except that their, editorial work is Moore and his ten piece band fiom of beauty contests in a number of across the stage. Then will come hand to hand act or, more explicit- made seveial hundred coloied slides centeied about a specialized type of Illinois State Normal University, ways. For thh first time a big name more music, followed by a comedy ly, a strong man act in which the which will be projected tonight. copy. Bloomington, 111., will furnish the band wilkfurnish the music, and for juggling act by Wilfied Dubois two participants, “The Parker Graduated From Illinois Woik on the business staff ipthe first time, there will be profes- “Jonglei Distingue,” who manages Brothers,” will grasp each other by graduating in journalism d'-’fles soliciting ads, wi-iting ad sional vaudeville acts incorporated to juggle cveiything fiom tennis the hands and throw each othei at University of Illinois in copy> art make-up for ads, and cir^
as part of the show. balls to trays which are loaded with random about the stage. Strohm has traveled over 70,- culation. a.p.h. At 8 p. m. the cuitains will pait glasses of beer. More musical numbeis by Byrnes qqq studying foreign agri-
Semi-Coed Bid Affair
The affair is a' semi-coed bid
dance which means that either
r'^lfe ’till tfest‘'of ‘ the’ ev^fine’ culture "and politicar condiTionsr In -Tickets whicraL m-iced S SI 10 ^ Stewart, teen winners of the fiist elimina- part to show the four winneis of the addition to his tour of South Amerlickets which aie piiced $1.10 ceiemonies, will give the tion. A spotlight will pick out the contest. ica, he has travelsed the globe once.
He has talked to Mahatma Ghandi
man military boxing tournament '"^y be obtained at the West Desk general program of the show, after giils one by one, giving eveiyone Tickets for the show are on sale were completed last night on the of the Union, the Womens Gym, which Bymes and the boys will get a chance to admire their beauty at the West Desk of the Union, wcnthPVPfl homhme nids in temporary ring in the Fieldhouse. sororities, bookstores, other organ- audience in the propei mood and hazard a guess as to the event- Deac’s book store and at the table n ' othei thL^ This year’s tourney has proved to ’zod houses or from WAA council ^.gg^ ^j^g j^y pjaying ual winners. in front of the Sweet Shop. The ^ be the most successful one to date members. several very hot swing numbers. Following this there will be an- show will start at 8 p. m. and will
since a total of 530 men, represent- An informal atmosphere of «Buthiana and Malcolm,” a dance other juggling act, accompanied by last approximately until 10:30 p. m.
ing more than half of the freshman sweaters, skiits and saddle shoes ^gg^^ j^^^g j^g^ finished an patter by Dubois, the comedy dance Bobby Byrnes and his orchestra military students, have taken parr, wjll prevail at the dance, and those engagement 'at the Edgewater which has laid the audiences in the will not play for the mixer follow-
The open meeting will follow the Alpha Zeta fall initiation banquet in room 355 of the Union in honor
N. Y. Stock Company Presents Two Plays At Jeff High School
“The Merchant of'Venice” will be presented this afternoon and “Mftc-
supplementary decorations for the
dance.
A surpiise announcement will be made at the dance tomorrow night but Haivest Hop officials refuse to comment upon its nature. Miss Theiesa Bell of the department of
Winners Receive Medals 'l!’o the, winner in each division goes a gold medal gnd a citation. The runnerup receives a silvei' rhedal and 6 merits. In addition each will receive two merits for every fight in which he has taken part prior to the finals, The results are as follows:
115 Pounds
Winner: D. W. Hughes (D-4); j-^g fiance, a.p.h
loser: J. M. Pearson (H-4). Three
round decision.
125 Pounds
Winner: R. P. Fisher (C-2); loser: J. B. Benzenbouer (G-3). Three round decision.
135 Pounds
Winner: J. C. Lashbough (F-1);
attending will be given streameis Beach Hotel in Chicago, will do aisles in vaiious theatres and night ing the dance, and confetti which will be used as i
of 12 juniois and seniors who were beth” this evening in the Jeffersoh
initiated last night, r.s.
High School auditorium in Lttfasrette. The two productions will be played by the James Hendrikson and Claire Bruce Co., Shakespearean players fiom New York City.^ The company has been touring for 14 yeais, producing Shakespearean
By Don Brewer " ' - — ' " Puidue Independent Association plays. , Feature numbers and comedies paddle his canoe around the re- will present a spaikling appearance, will hold a roller skating paity, the “The Merchant of eVnice” will be
physical education for women is in will be the order of the program stricted waters, giving the expected Proceed.s Benefit Varsity recent years, at Maple Point presented in the high school’ audlcharge of general arrangements when over 60 men and women swim- 650 nightly attendance a few simple Proceeds from the fifth annual Saturday night. torium at 2:10 p. m., and the coe-
mers present the fifth annual Aqua- instrutions on how to handle a Aquacade will go toward helping All PIA members planning to at- tain will rise on “Macbeth” at 8»
PIA Will Sponsor Roller
Swimmers To Perform At Gala Snow Skating Party Saturday
Movies Today Show Variety Of Subjects
cade in the Fieldhouse pool, tomor- canoe. Dr. Eastwood, who claims to the varsity team make its annual tend are requested to sign up and Supporting Cast row and Saturday nights at 8 p. m. have been in canoes since six months^ Chi istmas tiip to Florida. Every deposit a 10 cent registration fee Hendiikson and Miss Bruefrh^d The annual water show is sponsored old, is a veteian with the paddle, yeai the team adjourns during the at the PIA office before 5 p. m. their own cast in both of the plajfs. by the Dolphin and Triton Clubs, having taught the 2nd Rod Cioss holidays to the southern regions today. The bus foi Maple Point will Other playeis m the company ih*» campus swimming honoiaries, and Institute m Massachusetts and pad- wheic it lounds into final shape be- leave the Union Saturday at 10 elude John Buike, Natalia
Winner: C. Krasienko (E-2); loser: 0, W. Morrison (F-l). Technical
knockout. 160 Pound
is directed by Dick Papenguth, died his way foi many years on the fore the opening of the swimming Boilermaker tank mentor, and Miss Saranac Lakes. season the first of the year. The Marion Russell, women’s swimming Hope To Crack Record Aquacade always gives eveiyone a
Other drawing cards are a tilting good idea of how the team will
showing before the student body Glee Club Will Sing contest between Roman gladiators shape up in Confeience competition this afternoon from 3 till 6 in the Not only will prominent Univer- on rubber horses, and a special 150 and the Florida trip gives that final
p. 111. w.h.
“Screen Review,” the legular weekly series of movie short pres-
loser: T. S. Alexander (II-3). Three entations, will undergq its seventh coach
round decision.
145 Pound
K. W.
Army Air
Eugene Soares, Phillip Beadette, Achille Riello, Milton Earnhart, Bd-
Prien, *41, Enters ''■'’’‘id Salvatore, Leah Elane Eastpri, — Marlon Wells and a few others* vOtpS vjiaSS Several parts will be played by JefKemieth W. Prien, ’41, of Lafay- feison High School students.,
ette, is now a member of the first Admission prices will be 44.cents class of cadets in the new Air Corps t‘oi adults at the afternoon performReplacement Center at Kelly Field, aiice and 55 cents for adults at the
Te.vas. At the Replacement Center evening show, s.w.
Dr. E. L. Butz
Music Hall. sity aquatic performers appear at yard medley race, in which Dilley, “punch” to the swimmeis. 'This afternoon’s program will in- the gala show, but guest stars will Heidke, and Kratzei hope to crack Broadcasts By WBAA elude: “Seeing Eye,” a feature on thiill the spectators, with Albert P. the world’s 150 yaid medley record. WBAA will bioadcast the watei the blind man’s dog, at 3:05, 4:18 Stewart’s Glee Club being present Patty Aspinall, Betty Bemis, and show, being on the air 15 minutes
Winner: F. T. Baker (E-3); loser: and 5:31; Matty Malneck and his to add color to ballets and special- Riviera Club members will be sopne tomorrow night, and a half-hour he will go thiough five weeks of J. R. Treamor (D-3). Thiee round orchestra at 3:26, 4:38 and 6:65; tics through some new arrange- of the piominent guests at the Saturday, bringing to those who pieliminaiy tiainmg befoie beini decision. “News of the Day” at 3:36 and ments which Stewart recently in- event. could not get tickets a “splash-by- sent to a priinaiy flying school 175 Pound 4 :48; “Penny to the Rescue” at 3:43 vented. In an attempt to get away from splash” account of the water caini- wheie he will st.iit his (light tiainWinner: R. E. Culver (C-4); los- and 4:66; “China Fights Back,” of This year the Fieldhouse tank the average iun of water shows, the val. Tickets, of which all aie le- mg. er: C. D. Cart (E-3). 'Three lound the March of Time series, at 3:63 will be embarrassed by an actual Triton and Dolphin Clubs have com- seived, are being sold at the Field- 'This five week couise will give decision, and 6:06; “Tugboat Mickey,” a Walt bicycle race in the pool between bined to form a mixed water ballet, house ticket office and by menibcis Prion a niilitai y background loi be-
Heavywelght Disney cartoon, at 4:11 and 6:24. Alex Kusko and Dick Smith, Riveter another “something new” which the of the Dolphin and Triton Clubs, coming an officer in the United the Alpha Gamma Rho frateEl^^ Winner: N. C. Blankd (H-2); los- Passports are absolutely neces- varsity swimmers, the racers iiding Aquacade boasts. Supported by the Sellers have gsseited that they aie States Army on giaduatioii fiom an Dt Butz, who serves as er: C. W. Close (E-4). Three round sary for admission and no student up and down in both deep and shal- Glee Clul) voices and a glow of spe- going fast and only a few remain advanced flying school thirty weeks editor, is a member of the
decision. _ will be admitted without one. a.p.h. low water. “Doc” Eastwood will cial lighting effects, and the ballets for sale. later, e.h.a. " council."
. of the farm management d®* pai tnient, will be in Chicago day, Dec. 1, attending a meetioB the National Exejcutivq CoiU!y!|i|<^afI
' i
,v, 1%
^ ^ 4 f^
•4
■pT'T^vr^r-'? "■'■•'■" te ^ ‘i j] f-11 * t ^ V * - ' ' I ')
Purdue Exponent
Thursday,^November 27^*1941
1^ «
UBh, Hush; It’s A Secret’
Roosevelt issued the ordei' on several United States merighlt^s ahd nnval vessels, have been atby Axis raiders; some of these ships bbvfi been supk. On each occasion the press b^ |}ii^ed up the information and spread it ,sere;afningi headlines I^Mii^tUa of the attacks are alwaya vague; <io dhe seems to know l\o,^ or why t^e ships were upoiu Qfl^piat Washington says t^at inis t^ing withheld because 4t is a Mvtd secret ■this “Hush, hush; it’s a secret’’ policy has b^ep appl^ to more than naval incidents fllb pne?s,ts giv^n po information concerning thu^ariny or foreign affairs, and Washington ha? ceased, issuing production figures on fumaments. Yet on several specific occasions such news has been kept from the public unti\ ^jgoveriunent official had pn opportunity to publish it under his own name m a magas^ne,article. The people of this country are entitled to receive this information through normal newspapei and radio channels. , J’u^thermore, this rather peculiar method
of censorship is having a bad effect on public moraje.. We r<^d of npthihje b# attacks op our own ships, gndt hpar little conce|?ning tbf! activities of our navy. It is entirely possible that American destroyers are sinking Nazi submarines in the Atlantic, and if this is true, it throws the Battle of the Atlantic into an entirely different light. When we hear of nothing bu^ our losses, it’s a hard task to keep spirit at »ts peak^ l^uck pjf the .information concerning the naval and military activities of the United States IS of littje value to pur enemies. Obviously thyy know if their ships are being attack^ by^ American destroyers, and foreign agents in this country are daily picking up facts that are stupidly being hidden from our people. Germany and Italy publicize only their victories, while Washington follows the strange policy of censoring news of no secret military and naval importance We, the citizens of this country, are fully entitled to this information, not only because we are directly affected, but also because it will do much to improve our morale
flU WmiHSTOH MttHI
By Dr’eW Pearson and Robert S. Allen
P^ib To Widen I.QHlenecks, Quits; Hull Btiked-Oii Mexican Pact f^lVasbangton, Nov —Republieali National Chairman Joe Martin isji’t ailvertising it yet, but be has foand an issue which he thinks may £,wing the House of Representatives i^ttinst Roosevelt in 1942 It is the “haw Heal ^iven to Little Business Hen by the New Deal ” TJub has the New Deal itself fiantieally woiiied, ioi the latest de-len'-e evpeiiment to piotect little business has just blown up This IS the inside leason behind the tiip of rioyd Odium to the Mayo tbnic at Rochestei, Minn Officially it’s ulcei s. But back of that is woi i y t>vei failuie to spiead wai contiacts among little business men |t hasn’t been announced yet, but Odium IS getting out He is going back to Wall Stieet wheie he finds lunning big business a lot easiei than tiymg to take wai contiacts away fiom big business and give them to little business Odium, who is head of the Atlas Corporation, outsmarted some of the best brains in Wall Street, liut he found he couldn’t break through the rampart of ArmyNavy brass hats, the 0PM One Dollar Men and all the other red tape artists who beliered in throwing contracts In the easiest ilircction—to big business—and letting little business go into bankruptcy Wall Stieet Wizaid Odium set up the Conlihcts Distiibution DiMSion ot 0PM, but aftei he has spent t> lee months in mastei-minding the bltje business pioblem is still as acute as when Odium tackled it If anjithing it’s woise Hie vehemence and nunibei of complaints have in Cl eased so gieatly that Deniociatic leodeiS aic up m aims and have taken then feais diiect to the White House * Defense Stepchild Odium has accomplished some le suits He has doubled sub contiact mg, Rut these oideis, impiessive by themselves, have not kept pace with
the lapid widening and deepening of the little business ciisis — as mateiial, labor and othei shoitages have inci’easin^ly cuitailed non-de-lenso pioduciion, Drastically needed is a surgical reorganization of the whole defense contacting system, making little bu'-inesf an integral part of defense production instead of a stepchild to Vvhom a few scraps aie thrown occasionally when its yelling becomes annoying The big complaint against Odium IS that instead of tackling this basic difficulty immediately, he built up an elaborate administiative oigani ation that looked giandiose on pa pel but did not keep the wolf from Oie dooi of small business Time is ot the essence these fast moving days Scores of little plants aie shutting down daily. Good intentions, no mattei how good, Won't keep them going Ddlum was too polite, too anxious to get along with people^ was too steeped m Wall Stieet salve He talked about joining th^ Aiipy and tiying to do his job as a commissioned officei What he needed to do was get up and,,squawk'' until he got something foi tittle business. The only thing tie got Was Ulcei s —foi himself, Lewis' “Evil Old Man" It ba« heen,a,Iorjg 4;inie spce Jack Gainer alfti tl^e^'Iafh ’Selmtot Joe Robinson of Aikansas went to see the Piesldent of the United States ahout John L Lewis But i;he ej: Vice Piesident, sitting m. h,ls stocking fegt on tils fi ont perch in Uvalde these days, still iCmembeis it;. As Mr Garner tells the story, he was a bit worried for fear he would not have the nerve to speak his mind fully to the President, so he slipped a pint bottle of rye into his pockeL And when he got to the White House he went into a washioom and took a couple of health} swigs “Then I stepped in,” lecounts Gainei, “and I said„‘Franklin this man Lewis will sink you You may not lealize it now, but it you let him stay in the same boat with you, he’ll sink you in the end’ ” Qainei ■-ays that he spoke his piece with consideiahle vigoi but he leaied it made little inipiession— at least at the time Note It was some time latei that Lewis called Gainei an evil, wins key dunking, poke i laying old man ’ Slow Mexican Relations Th<; new agieernent with Mexico is one of the most impoitant Jecent contiibutions to oui Good Ncighboi pohtj But the inside tact is that the Piesident and Ins adviseis le quned a long time to sell it to Secletaiy of State Hull He didn’t seem to like it at all Actually the Mexican agieernent was negotiated on Septembei 1 A1 though the Piesident appioved it almost ininlediately, Coidell Hull held it up foi two months and nineteen days
fiwtdusL £xpomnL All-American 1940-^41
Entered us second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act ot Congress of Mdrcli 3, 1^79, and at the special rate of postage provided tor in section 1103 act ot October 3, 19I7J authorized January 20, 1922 Publishecf daily except Monday during the regular academic yeai and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by cairier tor $3 50 per yeai, mail subittnpUoHH, $4.00.
Edttor-in-Chicf N«w* £4il«r Editor
Neii A Oefailtrce Juhn L» frauaott Phil Johnson
Business Manaftcr Mansginii; Editor Coed Editor
Don S Powers Leland W Ruffner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff J f Amos J H Armstronfi: D T Brophy R E Hadliy K I Jones h G Kiepcr iHidrta Blaff O 1 tlark J D Kiaser J S Ketlcr Coed Staff Mary K Boviitoii Aim Cliutfiild Jant Rumsdtll
‘V”"" — fhenffc Iditerial and Business, 4005, Snorts, 2792 CdJtoiriai After 10 P M.. 5377
Business Staff Coed Business Manager Donna Siess Office Manairiir* lee Bobbouk Local Advertising Managers K K Gjemt'e R E Saxton Cit’culation Maitat^er W 1 Bell Accounts Manager W D Millard Junior Coed Managers Jean rrankenbci ry I* ranees Lloyd Julia Martin
Rcinebentcd foi nutionu] advdiising by National Advoitis mg Service Inc College Publishers Kcpiesontalivts 4ti0 Madison Ave New York N Y
Staff For This Issue Day Kditor dialHeld Reportera A Widtord S Wolf 11 LtksUm A Hunter ,, D Glass W Huston/II But,; Sports riuwd Dawson Kai Sports Editor Eraser pick Watson f,wos<low
Ntffht BiHeri S*3l«y IsMie Editors Jtosuiukie
WRH u Have Band Me Bogue Will Play
Salurdlfs Miik
For iididay 'banci {si ol,on ilscl-io b.
mas foi mkl Decembei 6 will feature
music of Bill Oetzel and his band „
Alpha Phi Omega natiohal Seiwice fiateihiity, announces the election of the foi lowing officeis of Alpha Gamma chaptei foi the coming fiscal year Willis SchalHol, Elkhait, piesident, William Southaid, Indianapolis, vice-piesident m chaige of pledg in^. Dean Wilbui, Elkhait, vice piesident in chaige of piojects, Roheit Caitmell, Hageistown, sec ictaiy. Dale Schumachei, Indianap oils, tieasiirei, Emeiy McCiacken, Algos, seigeant of aims, and Cail Baitholomai, Teiie Haute, histo
The agreement provides for the stabilization of the Mexican peso in the same way We have helped to peg the pound sterling, for a Hexican road building program underwritten by the United States, also a trade tieaty, and a cash payment by Mexico on claims of American citizens Fiiially it lays the ground for conciliation of the oil dispute which has disrupted \merican-Mexican relations for several years It was this oil proposal which ap paiently got m Cordell Hull’s craw Howevei, Octobei 1 was finally set toi the “igmng of the agiee meht, and the Mexicans brought then Ministei of Finance, Eduaido Sauiez up fiom Mexico City But suddenly something happened and the State Depaitment postponed the signing until October 5 Then as the Mexicans once again weie leady to sign, the State Depaitment postponed once moie Again theie was a mysteiious wait Then Secietaiy Moigenthau actuil ly told the piess that the agi oehient would be signed Octobei 12 But once again, as the Mexicans prepaied foi the final foimality the State Depaitment held up the deal The President had appioved the agieernent Secietaiy Moigenthau had OK’d his end of it Jesse Jones had appioved the $30 000,000 ciedit foi road building, and Undeisecie taiy of States Welles had woiKed out all the details But the Secietaiy ot State needed moie time Undei ■secietaiy Welles advi«ed that no one lush his chief so eveiyone sat tight foi almost anothei month Finally, the date ot Novembei 19 was set for the signature The Mexican delegates sat in the May flower Hotel A bellboy paged ‘Mr Farish and Mr Aimstiong’ It was William S Faiish and 'J homas R Ai mstrong, president and vice president of Standald Oil of New Jersey, being sum moned to their last confeiento with Ml Hull The Secietaiy of State finally had been won ovei In the end ho issued a nice statement in taVoi ot the agieernent, though also insisting to the end that the agieernent did not bind the oil .Companies (Copyiight, 1941, by United Featuie Syndicate, Inc )
fjom Hlihoi^ Dancing will be in the lecreatioh looms of North and South Halls, and Wood Hall iTcrea tion room will serve as the lounge
Bogue first got his stait in music when he was known as “the singing dooiman” in a Foit Wayne theatie He next got a job With a well krtoWH
Bkcl^dlop foi the dance will re- Chicago band artd later foimed his semble a ChliStinas package tied hand His band has played at with led iibbon Christmas tiees m “Riviera on the Lake” at Lake the living rooms will cany out the Geneva, Wis , Summit Beach Park, holfdaji spirit Aklon, 0 , and numerous other Well Oetzel played heie foi one of the known locations thioughout the
regulai mixers in Octobei HiS band middleWest
features the “Pietzels,” an instiu Featuied vocalists with the band mental gioup which plays “Dixie are Margie Bulling, 14-year-old swing at its best” Also with the song stai, and Bogue himself The band is songstieSs Shirley Lustei membeis of the band are all versaPete Funk of Noith Hall is chan tile, piesentirtg many noVelty num man of the decoiations committee beis which have helped to inciease Isabella McCauley, social chan man the popularity ot the band of the Halls, is ^n chaige of the** The®band feaiuies many novelty dance, which is a closed affan with nuiUbeis such as “Hawaiian War no bids available a 1 w Chant” and others The piiCe of ad
Current Publication Tells O/ Recent Tour Of 'Ctkiniy Choruses “Hoosier kou^eWives Sing” is the title of a feature article, in the cm - lent issue of “Woman’s Day,'’ which was written by Hlldegradh Dolson after hei visit to seveial Indiana counties to talk with choius members and to attend lehoarsals The article telh of the trips made by the Tippecanoe bounty choius to Washington, D C , to sing before the Associated Country Women of the World and at the White House It also tells of other gioups Singing at the Indiana State Fan and at the Agricultuial Conference when many 6f the county choirs join in one huge choiUs The home economick choiuses
weie oiganized undei the Agricultural Extenaibn DeparttfiTSfit 5f the University by iStewart ift 19'34 Eighty six county groups are uoW organised m this sfatte^ awd the idea has spread to othci states Which aib patleiPwi^ Ihe^r organization aftei those developed in Indiana p s
LUIML mt Nd. 1 AtJflO# ACE...beiov^e Rio Graiido
Baptist Church Will Hold Anniversary Celebration Special set vices commemoiating the 70th ^nniveisaiV of the tolind ing ot the West Lafayette Baptist Chuich as well as the 30th anni veisaiy of the oi darning of the Rev Joseph Baud Gleason as its minis tei, will be held at the chuich Sun day morning An anniveisaiy dinnei Will be held Thursday, Dec 4 The chuich oiiginated as a mis sion and elected its fiist building m 1871 The present edifice was com pleted in 1901 Cynthia Jones Memoiial Hall, containing a iccieational auditorium and class looms was built ificently fiom a bequest by a late membei aitti whom the hall was named Members of the Rogei Williams Club will paitieipale in the observ ance The student class vis founded neaily 25 yeais ago v ei Dr. f. C. Young of the faiUi maiTagemont dc paitnient talked Tuesday night be foie a meeting ot the Rotaiy Club ot Peiu Subject ot the adchess was “The Economic Outlook ”
mission will be $1 00 deg
Dr^ A. M« IriRR — DENTIST — 119 Vi Northwestern Avo Phone 4965
ARC
TODAY thru SATURDAY
— ADDED — PATHE NEWS
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
^ Everylhfti^ lot a ^ ( ttllege Ethmilittn f DEAC’S
r4"f-f
lUCKY lYNN!
o VtubbY Ube
BARI-JOHN SUTTON • DAN DAILEY. Jl. Alan Mowbray * Leonard Carey * Irving Bacon Joyce Compton * Lillian Yarbo TODAT-FDIDAl ti4ABg
A Great, Haunting,Thriiiig Screen Advoiture
TODAY-FRI.-SAT.
lll»IVi£TW
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
• South ivorlh’ti
The band will plyay and the crowd will cheer when the lucky names are drawn for the ^'juicy" prizes at the ^ Who^s Where Directory Drawing Sat., Nov. 29th. 4:00 p. m.
PiiLBooK s »m sw
308-10 STATE STReCT WeST LAFAYETTE IND . Soiilhtvoi ill’s
COLD WEATHER IS COMING
L t
Bo cbmforlable and warm — be well dressed — be smart — see our great selection of fine overcoats, and fingertip coats.
Fingertip Coats Topcoats
$15.00 $21.50 up
BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP / vc^ytbivg jo) the MemNmembef Z?, 1941
Purdm
-,; ■■
iiteiiftf
iiiw;
iy;u0|r0rs j^xt T#€ir
j!is¥ ibbut to be' consigned
t0.:tb«:bst ;pf sabIftSOrieSj, j^jlie byfficp M the 4tb?ietic Director has refeasfed the schedule fof the next edition of the Boiietmaker f bd|jba|'iite|M. iPha, bhlpohent, has :b'^eh, d¥bipP®d; ,f hOni .t]he past season’s* listj-and a conference, team been substitjped in,;ita*|ii^iV ' v • Vi. uvi-.-^'Bittsbttrgh.ls; teahi that has been removed fi’bm the stheduie.^nd in itSi place are the Wildcats of. Northwestern.
This game vWill be played at ..n^,:
«WiS^g;*Wlipo#«f «nd: JI,, ,, 8te« Fil: ^llu^bpen a,'r.fV;ah^ that has. ipowicz, the passing wizard. With in the.palltf th^oduced some of. two seasons of editiaetibort bdhihd th<?'hi'a^f o| hiih SteVe should better than, though* ® .Ca;^;Vre dosing sdnie ever. V ,
0^.this season’k/'^ce performers,
eo,t6bl}^_ AU-Ahieric'an tackle Mf ^wo other home games arc Bautna^) Bijl of gg^ipst WiscohSln, aS the home-. ^rrifirs in the cp,^ihg' attraOtion, and of Oourse .. j. . ^ , . ,-. ; •; 9*^,^®)^.'’*.: .®, the ail important bucket battle with i ^/iCV Sn^tS
usual array jjgijjgjgjig fYofn Bloomington ib' • .
of talent ^ably coached by Bynn close the season. Both teaihs should Wdldbi’f Will ho,.there. At that fiine j^g very good next year as Vthi.s Riveter fans will have their, pppor- year’s stars Will return to help mold tutiity to see Otto Gi'aham, a sensa- t;heir respective blubs. It will be the
4;
AQUA^ADi TtMiidffo# ^Kt
tehman HardwoM lettns
Noted Billiard Artist
ife Lambert Grooms Stfobg
For 500 Awed Fans OharleS'■Peterson, world famous
At ’7':8d ‘ p. m. nCxt^ueMay evening, Riveter baskctbail fans, will, get their fivst glimpse of ‘Tig'gy” Lambett’s IS-fl.' hardwood edition in .action.: The event will be, the annual freshmen-varsity, battle sponsored ^ the Reamers to take place on the large floor in the Fieldhpuse, , . , , . , . The approaching fseasbh will be the twehty-fifth ^for the
tio«, this' -p,* rtaspp . .opho- S't TtaS: B<>»e>™ata>- mmm, «!»o is recognizea as the aeaii sf
-Pl^rtly Of Ey^rytking
; jf you want to see a. couple of hours of grand entertainment With nWte variety than a five and ten cent store and more origSnaiity thah ppppin’ ’’ or a Disney cartoon, don’t fail to see the i&41 Atibaibai^ tonjorrow and Saturday evenings in the FieldhousO sWirnttiing Jhjpl. Thfe
■■■ “ Uih foV Pat Harder pf Wisconsin if'thS'^uSh Talrrhghf tof hol'd cpaches, both in length of service and acepmplishThere aren^fc any warm up games and; Bi'lly^.Hillenbrand Vof .Indiana spellbound an audience of gO'O stu- He is^ nptVma'king' a^ ^
or breathers in next year's sched-. who have managed to steal the dents, faculty members ahd'toWns- predictions aboujfc the chances The squad is studded with ten ^ ... . .... . ule. The only ,chance that the BoiIt spotlight from\ the established stars people. of the Riveter^ 'winjlillg the letternien> three minor letter- year of production, is produced each ^ear l^. . ermakers.i.wifl have to take'things during their first season of competi- ’ , , , „ ; men and nine, very promising soph- membersoftheDplphinand.TfitonClubs.edand'coedsWiinmirtghbhh little; qasy bn a Saturday; after;:^ “Pete” demonstrated the funda- conference title IMS. year, but. oraries and is directed by the Boilermaker swimming mentor, Dickfapen^ r boon will cOrne on the first week- A complete list of the games for I'about 4o hdS jadlhitted thAt he .eXpects . jv guth. PrOeeeds of,theshOw.arie nsedtofinancetheannualsouthei(Titrip/'' ■ ’ioVebibor when the team next season follows: Sent. 26. Poixl- ifthem , ^ ■ *■
has an bijon; date. To,Ugh Opener ;
, On Septembm' 26, the Riveters Will open- their eeason at Ross-Ade Stadium bgairist the PorUhaih
of the varsity swimmers.
Bams. Leading'the Rams in one of their rare excursions westward will
team next season follows: Sept. 26, Ford- ^ ’ "WrWA'A u C. . — ...v.—. ,,,
ham (here); Oct. 3, Vanderbilt .’°’V .e :.'!;,* bid for a place well lip'in the ^ reppi mg o gii ers. This year’s'show has pulchritude, comedy, music, water ballets, eanOe
(thei^D;. Oct. 10, Northwestern Wolfe. For hno®^^,KoU^^^^^ ,.., ,,,.1.,.. . ,. Spro.wl, Chester and Johnson, the
(there)'- Oct. IL Ohio S t a t e' 'every .hilhardV*^’^^ ^
* ' ’ ‘ trick in his leh'gthy book. The'stiver HoWever, if . we believe in .num- uMi^vv, v^ai .w^a vinuoun j ..u • u ..i. ^ t j■ l.
, ,, . ,, , ,, , , ... ’ ( <. . . so many swell angles arranged for the coming show that its hard to piek, dollar trick is an old standby and bers, this Will be a successful one the most valhahle by his teammates ,, , ~ t. ^ .. ' “ '■ . . jjj,y single part of the Show above any others.
(there); Oct. 24, Wisconsin (here); Oct. 3l, lowa .(there); Nov. 14,'
twenty-tWo man squad is now complete. Sprowl last year was chosen
and bicycle exhibitions, fancy diViHg, .more comedy, more pulchritui^y, g'obs of record sxvinimihg—brother, it has everthing*. In fact, thefe, ore
DR. LUmiR A. RISK DlTf ); RISK — PENTiSTS .... 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Mliin St. Lafayette
Michigan State (thorc); Nov. 21, Indiana (heie). e.l.k.
" A special ftrfte Club nteeting Will, lie held tphiglit ,at 7:15,in the Fieldhouse, Room 104. It i.s'. iinpCrative lhat everyone attend.
is always an applause getter'.. ' for the Rivfetei's. It so happens-'bhat after finishing, the Big Ten season , However,‘‘Pete*’used anqthci'one on every “even year?'; since ’ 1920 With a total of 131 points to rank last, night thajt, might be cailed his ''’'Til the lone exception * of 1934 a, fourth in scoring,
most effective. ' , Hanil)ert cqaehedTxui.ntet .ha« cithpr . . :ile: teito'^t thq ten confhhot or scared the Big Ten title,
artd bla.ced a dime qn a bank before a Whiskey“shot’’ 'glass' find .proceeded 'to die a , hall a'gain.st , the bank and make the dime hqp into the glass, o.t.^. '
- Back of Grown Cleaning Service is a plant that has kept aii--' , i ■, j ■ i t:} '.'. 'l ; ■ V ; ,m-S fhreast of the times by installing the latest in Tnodern methofls
of cleaning and refinishing in a plant that is NIEW 1 hrn-oul.
CLEANERS OF FINE . CLOTHES.
m m 'w' m '^top of THi«LL’" - ' -vLi
fourth in scoring. Jf'ohVisoii ahd Chester, both guards Who shoWed considerable .promise oh the Rhihie
Blemker Gone ' ' ' ' squad laSt/year, -Were picked by
■ * ■ V , " Lambert for varsity competition
i ' ' cause! by the. before the close of the football
loss of Don Blemker, shart|hoqt-, Saturday,
ing .southpaw guard) and Bob igney, „ , , •
last year’s captain:::has,^}ief>e,'®P*"^^^ ^HI^^^^
chief headache of the .Boilermaker coach in roundiiig this .year’s squad
More Acts Than A T«n-king Cireus
(yfflore, things XVill happen in Ihg show this year than occur in the basement Of a department store on sale day. Coach Dick Papenguth puts it, “If -we don’t plbSse everybody on .any orte ,agt, igl^f of others that are sure tO be liked.” No kidding, there^.will be go less thaB20 (two times a decade) different angles in the perfornaance. ,fIighLghtiri,g the iSll shqVv..will he the appe.arance .of 4LStewart and the gi-'eat PurdU'e Gl'e'e CKib to intersperse some clever singing acts,into the variety of the show. The, entire Glee Club Will be on hand both nights.
To Thi’P^: ggainst, this out.stand- accompanied by. a portable Celestva.
ing group of cagers, freshman
into shape., Blemker XyithdveW.from .school last month to enlist in‘the Naval Reserve, igney, o'n the other hand wa.s the' only regular lost by graduation last year. In addition to those t-wo, three capable reserves, Swarts, \yeber, arid Pauline will-
.also be missed.
Led by Captain Don Blanken, one South Bend come Ehlers and Marof the greatest all-around players tens, two fellows who learned their in the middle west, this year’s out- basketball under foi'mer All-Amer-fit has speed to burn and also more lean Johnny Wooden, one of the height than has been cha.racteristic greatest netmen qver to be turned of Boilermaker teams in the past, out at the Riveter institution.
coach “Dutch” Fehring has several !► TheyTe Evert Bfoedeiasting It This Yeir of the finest former high school.. Another innovation fdr the Avpqk-end featurh, will:''bie&hroadcas.tsAy nritters in the state. The likable WBAA during parts of both eVehing performances, Thes.b iirdd^as'fcs'’
mentrir has been working overtime in an effort to round this coriti'ngent into a smooth, fast-moving outfit.
South Bend Stars .
From Central High School of
sA PERFECT WEEK END
Sput/pwort^B ' iJiA Modern Santa has landed safely afid" ^eiiiitiifbiiShed ' His^^ llSfayettW ^ q. BMliftlll&aifHYncte
WeNc moved our gift departmei^^Ctd biff’rt'dvllf 'db^yfiitild and d^hfsflStlfs^^rtd' how we give^ydtf ‘'liWayette's newest and most complete gift center! We've been planning and arranging this new department for weeks and Rre pleased to artnbunce its opening tb our many friends. t A thousand and"^ NEW GIFTS! Come in and see this immenee assortment of beautiful gifts for every name oh your Christrnas list. ^
IF YOP-HAVE INVITED YOUR ri®#GIRL FROM HOME ' If you want lo I)c doubly sure lliat your • .-z'. iiuport enjoys herself, make arrangements for her to stay in the Union Club. She’ll appreciate the private telephone, tthe modern, "Vi':. y ■ altraclive furnishings, the prompt maid serf’DfOU- ‘s , i; ^ ' ii i. ■‘<i vice, and the private bath. ii’ DS';V a _ S. In<|iiire at ihe East Desk. ■' ' af ^'!;V i -1
fi si
rtRBBfiBOCK&llMYlTDRE y? ''Vil. — I 308-10 ytATE URE El = " WbJT LAFAYETTE INO
Wimjcnmi Wu^
The Corner of the Campus—■ ■ ? 1 .1. ( ■ Yet the Center of Activities . 't ' 1 ■ :
Southworth’s
will air the initial part qf the Aquacade both nights,
Among the novelties for the khbw wjll bp four brand new Watet- ballets,, each one nPW, different, well perfoi-med amid beautifuliy lighted, water scenes arid accompanied by the soft and, lilting strains of the Glee Club. What Do Seals Have That They Have Too? Flippert^ Probably the most noVel'of the ballets will,be .ftrie in Whtob tbeS^y girl .performers attach rubber flippers to fheii- pedal tj'xtrfehiitifes;ahd conduct , the entire ballet without use of their hands. These large rubber . flippers are a new feature in water, ballet circles, and wei-e. but gecehHy developed for the purpose of being used to develop better (eg. power, for
competitive swimming. ,
These flippers, when used in practice swimming, allow an average .swimmer 16 better world records without great troubles, They have-, recently been used by lifeguards to get more power and. speed m mhkihgt rescues. . , , ..
► Lots Of Outside Notables
j.Among the galaxy of imported sjtars who will peffoi-m fiir the Aquacade will be one of the nation’s foremost women diyers, Barbara Cook* who graduated from this University in 1940; little Pete Reaspr, rupner-qB; national junior diver; natioal chanipiqn swimmers Betty Aspin^l and Betfy Bemis; and a group of young swimmers fi-om the;ftivipp9^Dj»ilj^, iridiaha'polis. . . ^ , i VL v -L\?These swimmers along with the group of Bbilermakelr sWItnnlets, many of whom hold national records, should .give seVex-al rbeprd .pfer^bjfiaances in all aquatic events. Records-should be a.dipae,,a d6^bhL,dU|f;jjri|g;il|e Aquacade. .. •hwq‘V;:V'
It’s a swell show—don’t miss it.
Faculty Team Whitewashes Varsity Squash Squad. 8-0
a' wlthi^ring kn^k (R)Wn,'drag blit hiatch yesterday afternoon, the Purdue faculty squash team chalked up an 8-0 victory over Coach Clevett’s varsity aggregation. The match tvas a warm-up for the varsity team, which will travel tdIndianapolis Friday40 meet tjie Indianapolis Athletic Cluh' squash team. I In the game results, Muller, of the faculty, defeated Wilkins, 3-1; Dugkins, F, won a close 3-2 set from Hess, V j Allen, F, whitewiashed Adams, — — ^^^——i-.
V, 3-0; Coach Clevett, F, took a breather from Goldstein, V, 3-2; “Dutch” Fehring, F, drubbed Marks, V, 3-0; Voinoif, F, outslugged Bond, V,.3-2; C. T. Miller, P, did likewise tb Boydston, V,, 3-2; and Rhinie grid coach Burnham, P, walked over Wells, V, by a 3-1 de-
cision.
Coach Clevett announced that he has selected eight boys to make the trip to Indianapolis Friday. They are: Adams, Goldstein, MkcMullan, Fant, Marks, Wells, Boydston, 'Wilkins, arid Dess. This \vill be the first match of the season for the squash squad, s.e.w.
IM Schedules
'WoWLiJrd'" ■ ^ Tcdar—i^SQ
Pi Kanpa Phi Vs, Phi.-'Sfema Kappa. Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta, Xi. -
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Ganuna Rho.
Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Pi
Alpha Tau Omega vs. Pi Kappa Alpha, i
8:46 . ' Triangle vs. Phi Kappa.
Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi Gamma Delta.
Sigma Nu vs. Delta Tau Delta.
iUpha Chi Bho vs. Kappa Delta Bho. , ,
Delta Upsilon vs. Alpha Sigma Phi.
BASKETBALL
Today
Court 1—Jim Rafferty
Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Kappa Sigma. Theta, Xi vs. Pi Kappa Phi.
Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Kapim.^^iii
Ail Freshmen .\11 freshmen , interqs|ed in working on the sports slaff report to the Exponent freshmen callout at 4:15, this afternoon. See front page for further in-
7:00 7 :13 8:00 8:15 7:00 7 :1.5 8:00 8:15 7 :00 7 :15
formation. C-, ■
GOOD PRINTING., PAINUSS'PRICES’
More Style for Less Money Kane'$ I’rint Shop
401 S. 29th St.
Phone 520S
Sigma Nu vs. Delta Upsilon Court 2—Bill Nuetzel 7 Acacia vs. Beta Sigma Psi.
Kappa Delta Rho vs. Theta T^U. ;: Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Delta
Theta.
Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sigma.;Pi. '
Court 3—John Zehring ., Sig-ma Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Mit.’ ' Sigfna Phi Epsilon vs. Theta Cl>t.
Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Sigma Alpha,
Epsilon.
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa. Court I-—Bill Gates. Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha; iVlpha Tau Omega vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa 'tatw Triangle vs. Beta Theta Pi.
TOUCHBALL Today Field 9—Meyer-Captaia, Ward 24 vs. Ward 32. Field tl—Olds-Belt Psj, StilUASH Today Courts X, 2 and 3 7 :00 Alpha Kappa .Lambda ySs Phi .CapipiA'. Delta. . 7 :45 Sigma Chi vs. Tan. Kappa Kpsiloo. 8:30 Beta Sigma Psi vs. Pi ^ppa Alpha,’’Thursmy^ November f9M
With this season’s successful fieshman football sessions now a t^mg of the past, fie coaching staff has leleased the names of ? ie numeral winners for the year orty-two Rhime gridders make up the list, which is slightly longei than last year’s j,' The numeral winners aie K P ^itken, Frankfort, Ky , R E Allen, Dayton, 0 , E S Ainslie, W Lafayi^tte; 0 A Anderson, Evanston, 111 , W E Brown, Bicknell, A Berkley, |)ayton, Ky , S E Baker, W Lafayette, J C Bliss, Euclid, Ohio, E J. Barwegan, Chicago 111 , R L Clymei, Peru, S B Cofall, East Cleveland, Ohio, C W Close, Ft ^ayne, J W Dennison, New A1 bany, J M Doudna Huntington, H W Eikenberiy, Muncie « W. L Gates, Bicknell, W E Guthier, Huntington, 0 L Hurile Indianapolis, R T Gervais Ciown Point, C E Hem, Evansville, W J Hendry, Chicago, 111 , M W Hub ley, Huntington, K W Kampert, Barrington, 111 , W J Kendall, Clinton, E J Kmiecik, East Chi cago, E E Matiewicz Maywood, 111, R K Mulfoid, Rockfoid, 111 , N E Maloney, Oak Paik, 111 , J W Maybaum, Chicago, 111 , J ^erisko, Gary, D M Newman,
South Bend
W J Rueger, Mt Vernon, 111 , J W Straley, Ft Wayne, R H Shultz, Chicago, 111 , H L Stiam, Gaiy, H A Seidell, Indianapolis, 3 G Year, Wheaton, 111 i J R Walz, South Bend, J E Wojciechowski, Hammond, C N Went woith, Webster Grove, Missoun, J C Winkler, Hammond, R G Vaughn, Lafayette E. C. Young To Speak Before Farm Society American Society of Faim Man agers and Rural Appiaisers annual meeting to be held in Chicago Mon day and Tuesday will featuie speeches by a numbei of people fiom Indiana Dr E C Young, of the University staff and vice president of the national society, will lead a discus sjon on “The Futuie and What To Do About It ” C M Long of West Lafayette and several othei mem bers of the Univeisity staff will also
attend deg
Dr. T. K. Cowden of the fai m management do paitment, was in Indianapolis Tues day attending the regulai monthly meeting of the Indiana Daiiy Co
operatives
Next Saturday at 1 p m , the University Outing Club will sponsor an excuision to Kickapoo Falls, which IS located about 15 miles south of Lafayette Eveiyone is invited, and those who plan to attend must notify Gail Hennis or Opal Blagrave befoie Friday noon The group will meet in front of the Armoiy and will drive to the falls and spend the afternoon hiking A charge of 36 cents per peison will cover the cost of food and
tianspoitation
Membeis pay no dues, but each membei bears his shaie of transpoitation expenses Anyone who attends three meetings automatically becomes a membei m j 1 Amsden Will (Continued from page 1) candidates will be given an opportunity to observe life aboard ship Upon successfully completing these preliminary courses, the recommended candidates will be appointed midshipmen, and will receive three months’ additional training Successful completion of the mid shipmen’s training will quality the applicants for a commission as En sign in the Naval Reserve All juniors and seniors who are interested, in particular those affected by the proposed reclassification to Class 1 A of students with low grades, are urged to attend this afternoon’s meeting and schedule an interview with the recruiting officer This branch of the service is espe cially recommended for engineering students, as they can work at then chosen profession during their time in the Navy, and after completing then naval service, their work and experience can be applied to jobs in
industry deb
Religious Council To Hold Folk Dance Saturday Night University Religious Council will sponsor a Folk Dance Party Sat urday evening at 8 30 in the
Memorial Gym
Kenny Tiuax and his “Folk a whirlers ” a campus group, will be featured Refreshments will be seived The admission price will be twenty five cents per couple, and fifteen cents foi stags deg
Commercial Vehicle Safety School Holds Second Conference striving to bring about a greater degree of cooperation and understanding among vehicle fleet management and governmental agencies in order to make commercial traffic more efficient and safer, the second annual Commercial Vehicle School will be held here next Tuesday and Wednesday, Dec 2 and 3 The short course, which proved to be very successful last year, will be sponsored by the public safety in stitute and the engineering extension department of the University in cooperation with the Interstate Commerce Commission and the In diana State Police It is open to all persons interested in the problems of fleet vehicle safety and manage
ment
Luncheon Is Highlight The two day gathering will be highlighted by the Commercial Ve hide luncheon which will be held Wednesday afternoon in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union Charles G Morgan, Jr, division manager of the American Trucking Associations, will speak on “The Trucking Industry and National Defense ” There will be a registration fee of one dollar And tickets for the special luncheon, which will also cost one dollar, will be available at the time of legistiation h e Prof. A4. W. Furr CE ’13, died recently of a heart ailment at his home in Manhattan, Kan Professor Purr re cerved his master’s degree here in ’25, and transferred to the Kansas State College where he taught highway engineeeiing
ASMB Debris victure will be taken Roger William Clubt Anhual picture of Thursday Deo 4 at 7 30 p m in the Union the entire club and of the cabinet Will be
ballrooni instead of Thursday Nov 27
—UTLEY
(Continued from page 1) ment, food, lodging, d^ntajJ and medical service After six fnonths of training, the cadets are eligible for a second lieutenant’s commission in the Air Corps Reserve Students who have taken out blanks for application and have not yet returned them are requested to do so before tomonow m order that examination periods will not conflict with their classes Blanks should be returned to the adjutant’s office in the Armoiy and anyone interested can obtain blanks at the
same place deb
taken Sunday Nov 30 in front of the West Lafayette Baptist Church immediately
after the morninpr church service Plan to GE 35: Removal of Condition Examina- l^e there ARTMAN
tion Dec 6 Make arrangements for tak ing the examination in room 202 before
Friday Dec 6
Sophomore Senate Workers* There will be an important meeting of all Sophomore
OWEN /Student Senate workers in the Senate office
/nt 4 ti m no Thursdnv Nnv 27
DeMolays Smoker and general get-to gather for active and majority membei DeMolays at the Acacia fraternity on hri day evening Nov 28 at 7 P m All Do Malays on the campus are invited to attend —SNYDER WAA Fencing Practice Tuesday and Fri day Nov 26 and 28 at 4 p m in the woman s gym —EMHOFF GE 109 Will meet on Thursday Nov 27 at 4 p m —VAURIO Kappa Psi Special meeting of all active members in room 308 of the Union on Thursday Nov 27 at 7 30 p m —SCOTT
at 4 p m on Thursday Nov 27
—STEGKER
Rifle Club Special meeting Thursday night Room 104 of the Pieldbouse at 7 15 Everybody out •—PHILLIPS AIME Members Meeting Tuesday Dec 2 at 7 30 p m in room 366 of the Union
^ —STARKEY
WAA Members Harvest Hop tickets must be handed in Friday Nov 28 at 4 00 p m
at WAA office in Womens Gym
—SCHUBER
YWCA Cabinet Members Meeting will be held at 8 p m in the office on Thursday i<Iov 27 -NEWTON Outing Club Trip to Kickapoo Palls Sat
Notices
Gold Peppers Dinner meeting Thursday
Nov 27 at 6 16 p m at the Kappa Alpha “rday Nov 29 Meet in front of the Armory Theta house Call June Close if you cannot ^ M»ke reservations G^Ie come —SCARFF Hennis 2907 or Opal Blagiave 6766 before
I riday noon
World Fellowship Banquet Purdue Christian Foundation will entertain the Cosmo politan Club Saturday Nov 30 at 6 16
-DUERGLER
. .,ov „„ Nmrice Pistol Students desiring to fire at the Christian Church Get tickets the sixth and last novice pistol group
■starting Dec 9 should sign up in Supply Room now BROWN
from Jim Billingsley or Byron Rigg
—RIGG
ASME Members There will be two m spection trips next week to plants in town The iirst trip will be to the Fairfield Man ufacturing Cdmpany on Tuesday Nov 26 at 4 p m The second trip will be to the Schwab Safe Co on Nov 26 at 2 p m Those interested should sign notices in front of the ME office —TOPINKA Sophomore Mechanical Engineers Bring a slide rule to the ME 90 lecture next week Thursday Nov 27 —CLARK CE 22 Students the examination to remove C or I grades in CE 22 will be given from 1 4 p m Saturday Nov 29 m Room 301 of the Civil Bldg Those interested please see me pt once —SONESON Gimlet Actives and Pledges Important meeting Thursday evening Nov 27 at 6 p m at the SPE house Dinner Indiana game pictures via Sammy Voinoft followed bv interesting initiation Initiation fee of $3 must be paid at meeting —JOHNSON Eta Kappa Nu Actives and pledges rough initiation will be held in the EE Building Tuesday Nov 26 at 6 30 p m Formal initiation will be held Thursday Nov 27 at 4 30 p m followed by a banquet at 6 16 p m —SOUTHMAYD PIA Skating Party will be held Sat urday Nov 29 PIA members sign up in the PIA office befoie 6pm Thursday lOo registration fee Bus will leave the Union at 10 p m Siturday —BAIN
Union Sophomore Workers Important
ouH"-——c i.., ■'^ii Male Students Aviation Cadet Ex meeting of all sophomore workers in room on"j 366 of the Union Thursday Nov 27 at 4 16 9’’®? F"®' ?J/’ ®w,?i p m Distribution of tickets for Union Application to appear before the board Formal Please be present should be obtained now from the Adjutant s
—HUDSON office Armory
-GRAHAM
Inter fraternity Presidents Council Din ner meeting Thursday Nov 27 at 6 p m at the Delta Upsilon house —MAYFIELD Pistol Team Tryouts The following listed students arc asked to repoit to the Armory Dec 1 at 4 00 p m for pistol team tiyouts Bower Bredlow Rrooks Burroff Car ter David Fischer Glaspie Holman Lar son Lindsay Morehouse Madden Nicholas Taylor VanCamp —BROWN
Wesley Foundation Party originally scheduled for Friday Nov 28 is postponedto Fiiday Dec 6 —ROACH Debate Managers Important meeting of all forensic managers debaters TKA mem bers and student speakers bureau members tonight in Forensics office All Tnanageis must be present if they are seeking junioi or senior positioils ■—LAWLER
Sigma Delta C(ii* Meciing of all pledges and actives Friday Nov 28 at 4 16 p m.
in the Exponent office
—TlRAtTGOTT
Purdue Glider Club‘ Meeting today at 7 30 p m in room 212 of the Union
—CAFFEE
Interfraternity Presidents Council' Meeting scheduled for Nov 27 at the Delta Up-
silon house has been postponed
—GIMLIN
GE 109 Class will meet at 4 00 Thursday Nov 2 '—-'VAURIO Della Rlio Kappa Important meeting at 6pm Tuesday Dec 2 in room 806 of Union All pledges must att^d —BIERLEIN Eta Kappa Nu and Pledges Formal initiation will be held today at 4 16 in room 263 of Union Banquet will be held in the west faculty lounge of the Union at 6 16 -SOUTHMAYu Freshmen Engineers Meet for engineerink lectures by schools Saturday Nov 29 kt 8 a m Students whose names begin A B Hncl ) Room 264 EE Bldg second floof lecture room F Le (incl) Room 129 EE Bldg Li R (incl ) Boom 201 CE Bldg • S Z Lecture Room in Michael Golden Shops Unexplained absences are posted in Michael Golden Shops •—KNAPP Pi Tau Sigma '^ery important meeting Friday Nov 28 at 4 p m in leading room ME Bldg Let s all be there as business important to every membei will be dis eussed —GREGORY Purdue Agriculturist Business staff and prospective fieshmen and sophomore workers important meeting in Agriculturist of fice in Union Thursday Nov 27 30 p m •—FEE Reiser Club Special short highly im portant meeting on Thursday Npv ^ at 7 p (fn Meeting is in Exponent -Office v,i —RUFFNER Exponent Juniors Meeting Wednesday Dec 3 at <1 16 p m m the Exponent office —TRAUGOTT
i (
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mime ograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Mam Lafayette Phone 2779 Lost Longines watch in men s wash room (f Union Reward Call Griswold GOS^ Lost Giay and white Schaoffei lifetime pen Engia\cd name—Lucilk Sietkr Rewad
PINE BAR GRILL Parlies — Our Speicalty 200 Columbia
/ For These Rainy Days Complete Your Fall Wardrobe With an Alligator Coat ^ From '^uUiofLSi.
FORTUNI SHOES'FOR MEN There s a wealth of value In For tune Shoes America s leading brand In this price range See our complete range of styles cm thentically designed and built to B. & W. Sbie Cl. 121 N. 4th St
\ '
^ Give Her a
CRESTED GIFT
For Christmas
That ONLY YOU Can
Give 1
Burr-Patterson & Aiild
“In the Village”
113 Northwestern Ave
Phone 2523
i I
tpoce “’.0 ro.nv '' AlH
Setter eothef GA'®*
‘ ,
. me weolhef*
Rom or »'''"^|-’ocher Galeflne ,er repel'e" cloth $18 50 ^ Cloth, Somthur Spe ^^uigotor Ro'"
<?75to$2’50 -
weor, $0'-' —
Phone 7775
(bofiL (jJjdtiL LET US SEND THE PURDUE EXPONENT DAILY TO THE FAMILY ONLY $3.50 DROP IN THE EXPONENT OFFICE
J.
tke
mm j'Ot' me ^dad dld>i
W <
unce
I-lowers aie the perfect compliment' Let us design something new and different for you. Brighten her heart with one of our beautiful cor-
sages'
CLARK s
FLDWEH SHDP 527 Main St. Phono 8451 We Deliver
Want a "differenf" gift? No other gift is as "different ’ as a photo
graph—
YOUR PHOTOGRAPH' Youi most careful selections can be dupli cated—yout photograph cannot' Call us tod,iy-—-time s getting shott' HIIEUHEPHOIQUllPHER
634 Main St. EOOMED
EOR
EUKUliY
♦
STYEED EOH YOU
AS IISIIAl
CUpaqifvcL II you’ve worn an Alpagoia you know it’s the one coal lor you. It’s treated to lepel moths and moisture. Ihe styles aie ’way out in front. Ihe tahiie itself is a mastei hlend—soft, warm and dm aide. Ceime in loehiy and tiy on the eoat that has lonqneied the popular iniie field.
INC. WEST LAFAYETTE
,11