^ /*
■
'1 -
"• EDIT01|IAL " Victory Varieties r \ Make No Illicit Profit
mmYGOMum ''Puritan"' Walsh Interferes With Navy
Established 188t
Richardson, What You Said
Volume 56, No. 95
Purdue Uniyersify, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, December 30,1943
I-#
' I
iM*
More Tharr65 New Students To Enroll Monday
johnny Long's Orchestra Will Play for New Year Dance Saturday Night ’ Direct to the campus from the Panther Room comes Johnny Long and his orchestra to play for the New Year's Day informtil dance Saturday night from 9 to, 12 in both ballrooms of the ^nion, according to Bob Holmes, co-chairman of the Union publicity committee. Students and service men having passports and social recreation cards will be admitted to the dance , free, while admission will be
AWS To Hold Callout In Union Office Today At 4 For New Workers According to Judy Jones, head of the AWS office committee, a callout for Associated Women Students
Total May Reach 100; Pres. year's Day Variety Show To Feature Will Greet Them Monday Evening Tiny Hill's Orchestra, Comedy Team
$2,20 per couple for every one else, with no advance sale. For the benefit of the stags, a stag dance will be held in room 363 and the adjacent room. Lowell Meade and his orchestra will provide the music there. Admission will be by social
According to Judy Jones, head of recreation cards or passports, the AWS office committee, a callout ^5^^ facilities of the UnioL, ex-
cept the east desk and the bowling
will be held at 4 p. m. today. AWS, alleys, will be closed to accommo-
which is devoted to the activities of
C. E. Dammon, director of admissions, has announced that applications for more than 65 new students have been accepted for enrollment ih the University on Monday, Jan. 3. He expects
from 75 to 100 to enroll.
The new freshmen are to report to Fowler Hall Monday morning at 8 o’clock. At this time they will take their orientation tests. President Elliott will speak to the new students in the. - — evening in the Faculty Lounge
Eight Week Ag
Tuesday morning the fresh-
^ men will report to the Student . . , _ CldSS To Open Health Service for their physi- ,y^^51^ HOUt
cal examinations and Tuesday
Darnell Leads
date the dancers.
Started at Duke University Gene Williams and Patti Dugan
are’the featured vocalists of Long’s orchestra, which played for the Sophomore Cotillion in the spring of 1941. In 1931, when Long was a freshman at Duke University, the band was organized to finance its
AWS is composed of eight commit- j,,embers’ schooling. An engagetees: Publicity chairman is Caro- jjotel New Yorker
the coeds on campus, will be explained by the chairmen of the various groups. The callout will be held in the AWS office on the second floor of the Union. Anyone interested may attend, but especially freshmen are urged to be present.
Coihmittee Work
lyn Wilbur; vocation, which arranges for v6cational conferences and supplies senior coeds with vocational surveys, is under the direction of Barbara Sanders; election, whose chairman is Barbara Curry, arranges the elections for officers and representatives. Clerical work is done by the office committee; Pat P?itterson heads the social committee, which handles parties and dances; Frances Allen is the assistant chairman of orientation, which arranges for each freshman counselors. Cooperation with the War CouhCil is carried on by the war effort committee headed by Marion Swanstrom; women on campus are interviewed about their activities
started them in big time, boosted soon after when they played for the President’s Birthday Ball in 1941. Because of the ASCAP-BMI radio feud. Long was forced to abandon his old trademark and took over “White Star of Sigma Nu” as his theme song. New Year's Eve Mixed Recreation To Feature Games
be
Mixed recreation will be sponsored by sportswomen on New , Year’s Eve from 7:30 to 10 in the
by the activities committee, under ^ym. Lois Ver Hoven
the supervision of Mercedes Golden,
evening.
As in previous programs, there will be dancing, ping pong,'shuffleboard, volleyball and badminton in the main gym. Bridge and other card games will be played in the WAA office all evening. From 8 to 9 p. m. the swimming pool will be open. Regulation suits and trunks are provided for the swimmers, and there is a 10-eent fee for boys who use the pool, but there is no other admission charge. Engineers Article Outlines Blueprint For After War If the psychological barriers can be eliminated, says Prof. Warren
A coed may work on more than one committee since not all committees are active at the same time. Free Movie Convos Will Start Thursday On Thursday, January 6, the afternoon short-subject film convocation program will be resumed, J. W. Ditamore, manager of the Hall of Music, announced yesterday. The program service is being revived over a probationary period, and will be maintained so long as student intei’est warrants continuation. Discontinued Because of no Interest
The program series was discon- E. Harding, civil engineering, in an
tinned last May becafuse attendance at the convocations had fallen
article m the December issue of the American Engineer, a lasting and
to such a low point, and the convo- permanent peace can be obtained, cation fpnd lacked the necessary According to him, isolationism and finances to continue under these defeatism are the two primary tasks circumstances, according to Prof, confronting us and, providing we J. t. Gunn of the convocation com- can overcome them completely, the mittee. At the present time, how- world of tomorrow will be one of ever, in compliance with student re- peace and international fellowship, quests that the University present The peace cannot be obtained, films for civilian students as well however, without the aid of diplo-
On January 3, two weeks earlier than in previous years, the University’s eight weeks winter course in agriculture will start. Growing interest of farmers in stepped-up wartime farming operations is reflected in the number of applications being received for enrollment, according to Associate Dean Freeman of the School of Agriculture. Out-of-State Applications Increase More out-of-state applications have been received this year for the animal husbandry option than ever before. Already enough applications have come in to assure the formation of two divisions in the general agriculture option, with considerable interest being shown in the dairy manufactures and dairy production options. Freeman said. Information Available Persons interestedy in studying practical phasqs of the various branches of farming, designed to stimulate efficiency and maximum food production, may write to Dean ' E^reeman for further information about the course, scholarships being offered and other pertinent
facts.
Students Make Plans For New Year's Party Final arrangements were made last night for all students who ai’e interested in making merry with song and ckdnk on New Year’s Eve. When it became appax’ent that the Union would be unable to have a large celebration on December 31, a number of students asked Rev. Findley if the recreation rooms of the University Church could be used. He consented to have the building open until the regular Indiana State curfew law. Plan Party, Worship Service Under the direction of Pfc. Leon Weeks and Juanita Storey the entertainment will be in progress from 9 p. m. until 12:45 a. m. Appropriate food and beverages have been planned by Phyllis Linville. Those who do not believe that merry is the way a new year should be brought in may take part in a short worship program in the church chapel at 12:20 a. m. There will be dancing, games and progressive entertainment. Everything is free. Notice Ad Staff-Important meeting Tuesday at 4 p. m. in office. Be there. —GAUNT.
afternoon they will register. Glasses will begin Wednesday. This plan of stai’ting a term within a term was inaugurated last year at the University, and it has enabled hundreds of young men to start their University courses immediately upon completing their work in high school. One or two terms may be completed before entering active service in the army under this system. Elliott To Address Departing Seniors Sunday At 2 P. M. Sunday afternoon, January 2, approximately 95 seniors will receive their diplomas at the mid-term commencement exercises in the Hall of Music. Diplomas will be presented by President E. C. Elliott, who will address the graduating students. The commencement exercises will be opened with the processional “Pomp and Circumstances” by Edward Elgai-, Prof. P. S. Emrick directing the symphonic band. Following this will be John Phillip Sousa’s “Stars and Stripes Forever.” New Song Featured Of special interest on the program is a number composed by Prof, P. S. Emrick. Entitled “The Flying Fortress March,” it is dedicated to the pilots in the ground crew of the flying fortresses and has been played in public only once before. The final number rendered by the band will be the recessional, “Stouthearted Men,” by Sigmund Romberg. Choir to Sing Two numbers, which will be sung by the Univei-sity choir, are “The Lord’s Prayer,” by Malotte, and “God Be in My Heart,” by Seitz. The exercises will begin at 2 p. m., the doors of the Music Hall opening at 1. The program is open to the general public. The progi'am was requested by members of the class who desired a formal commencement exercise. The question of wearing academic apparel has been left to the graduating students, but those who wish to wear gowns may rent them from Southworth’s, Gullion’s, Reisner’s, or the University Book Store. (See COMMENCEMENT, page 4)
First music appreciation hour to be held in the new music room will be given today at 4 p. m. by Miss“ Vassie Darnell, supervisor. Recordings made by the Columbia all-star quintet, who will appear in the Music Hall January 9 in a convocation, will be featured. Miss Darnell to Speak Miss Darnell is planning to present the program which the quartet will give at the convocation. She will comment on the various recordings, giving the operas from which they were taken as well as telling a portion of the story of the opera pertaining to the recording. The purpose of the music appreciation hour will be to familiarize students with the program being presented by the quartet. New Music Room In addition to this Miss Darnell .will present the program tomorrow to a special science class studying
living.
The new music room is situated on the second floor of the musical organizations office, entrance being gained by the southwest door of the Music Hall leading to the office. Town Meeting Group Will Discuss Russia “Is Russia Democra^tic ? ” will be the topic discussed tonight at the University Town Meeting, which will be held at the Wesley Foundation. Prof. I. Wallerstein of the physics department will open the meeting with a description of the general characteristics of Russia’s present form of govei’nment. ' Interest Increasing According to the steering committee of this discussion group, the audience participation has been increasing and a large crowd is expected tonigj;ijt. In scheduling this discussion the committee of the UTM stated that this topic is of particular importance at this time in order to promote a mutual understanding between the United States and our Russian ally.
Whether Saturday’s Victory Variety show will have Daimy Beck, drummer, or Elmer Cleveland Company, comedy musical act, is still a question. Beck’s appearance has been announeed on publicity posters appearing on campus and in town; while Cleveland Company announcements have come from Chicago via the Varieties booker. Art I. Goldsmith. The final decision will be left to the booker. — -
No matter which of the two acts finally appear on the show, Tiny Hill and his orchestra will still be featured. The program
TINY HILL
will include the Ten Dancing Adorables, Jack Holst and Milady, the Hudson Wonders, Peck and Peck, the Gibsons and Sid Blake. Tickets for both the matinee
ASME
. . . elections were held on last Wednesday Evening at the annual Christmas pai’ty. Hans Wormser was elected chairman for the coming semester. Vice-chairmen are: Horace Davidon, Harold Grube, Micha Schocken and Dan Plliske. Wayne Price was re-elected secre-tary-treasurer.
as service men, the convocations committee has reinstated the old short subject convocation series. The program will be presented in the Hall of Music each Thursday from 3 p. m. until 6 p, m. Admis-
mats and statesmen who are confident anej^ who actually believe in
themselves.
In closing Howland pleads for “an end to war” so th^t “our children must not again suffer for these . . .
sion will be limited to students at tragic eri-Qrs.” And this can only the University. Both civilians and be made possible by the uniting of service men may attend; admission political, economic, and I'eligious
will be by passports and social rec- opinion,
reation cards.
The coming programs will be pat-
terned exactly as those of the old Aloha Xi Delta
senes, which was discontinued last r
May. They will eonsnjt of several _ _ social sorority, announces the selected short subjects which will initiation of Jane Justice, Indianapcomprise a program of approxi- Qjjg. Janice Henriksen, Park Ridge, mately one hour^ duration. Typi- m - Frances Hutcherson, Elwood, cal material to be included in the and Theresa Busby, Kokomo,
programs v^ill be newsreels, car-
toons, travelogs, musical shorts and Board *
College Enrollments Decline Due To War, Service Trainees No Aid
educational miniature.s.
Notice
Short but important meeting Tuesday at 4 in Exponent office for all .sophomores and juniors applying for junior and senior .staff jobs. -WILBUR,
. . . honorary for .senior women, announces the election of the following officers: Beth Ludberg, president;'Nelda Reed, vice president; Carol Roblee, secretary; Mary Bowlby, treasurer; Mary Lou Steinlieig, editor and historian,
Enrollment in colleges and universities today is declining generally and the number of armed forces trainees is in no way relieving the situation, according to a bulletin published by authorities on higher education recently. In only a few institutions, it said, does the number of trainees make up for the drop in eniollment from prewar heights. The University is therefore one of the lucky few in the United States. No reference was made to other schools but it is assumed that the largei institutions are among those whose total enrollment has not decreased radically. Some Colleges Have Several Training Programs According to the bulletin, 212,528 armed service trainees were enrolled in 440 institutions of higher learning as of December 9 and that
some'188 colleges and universities had more than one service training program. At present the Army Specialized Training Program has 129,080 men at 216 schools, while the Navy College training program has 91,930 at 244 colleges. The army air forces have 66,612 men stationed at 151 schools while the navy air corps is training 7743 men at 17 universities. Quotas Determined by Demand According to the bulletin, the quotas for the various progiams are determined hot by analysis of maximum utilization possible of the men, but by the constantly varying demands of the war. Recruits for the various programs are obtained partly from civilians who pass the A-12 and V-12
tests. In the examination given on November 9, approximately 18,000 took part, their preference being equally divided between the army and navy. The bulletin said that the problem of educational rehabilitation was becoming more pressing with 50,000 men and women being discharged from the services each month. A large part of this monthly number are veterans, either disabled for physical or mental reasons, or average men, while a small number are returning to school. The continuation of the Civilian Pilot Training Program, which officially ends next June, is now being discussed in order that a continued supply of trained pilots will be available to the nation after the
wav.
and evening shows are on sale now in local and campus stores. They may be purchased for 50 cents. Saturday Matinee Saturday’s matinee show will begin at 3:30 p. m., while the evening show will start at 8 p. m. Joint Forum Series To Open January 18 At Wesley Foundation Wesley and Hillel Foundations have announced that they will jointly conduct an open forum series in the great hall of the Wesley Foundation during the early months of 1944. Platform speakers have been engaged to speak on subjects of current Intel est, and an open discussion period, in which the audience will be allowed to ask the speaker questions, will follow each lecture. Muziimdar to Speak Dr. Haiidas T. Muzuindar, fiiend and biographer of Mahatma Gandhi, and an authoiity on the Orient, will speak on “The Shape of Things to Come” on Januaiy 18. “Adjusting Our Lives for the Peace to Come” will be the subject of an address by Dr. Hariy Allen Overstreet, philosopher, psychologist and authoi, on Februaiy 8. Varied Subjects On March 14 Dr. Rollo Walter firown, authoi and biographer, will speajv on “Do We Want What We Are Fighting Foi?” Lectures on April 11 and 25 will be given by Di. Walter Johnson and Rabbi S. Felix Mendelsohn, respectively. Di. Johnson, political analyst who heads the hisioiy study for the ASTP at the University of Chicago, will discuss “Philosophers of American Denioeiacy ” Rabbi Meiidolsohn, Jewish labbi of Chicago, will speak on “The Psychology of Jewish Hu-
mor,”
PIA Presents Eledion Candidates, Gives Their Qualilications PIA will hold elections for officers on Friday, January 7! The specific time and place will be announced later this week. All independent students, civilians and service men, are eligible to vote by showing their passports. Jim Perille, Alvin Henderson, of the Boilermaker party, and Jim Ackerman, of the Independent party, are candidates for president. Perille is a member of the Reamer club, cheer leader, and PIA mem- i bership chairman. Henderson belongs to Tau Beta Pi, is treasurer of Etta Kappa Nu, chairman of AIEE, vice-president of SCA, and a member of the Stp.dent Senate, Ackerman is the secretary of the Reamer club. Vice-President Candidates Candidates for vice-president are Sebastian Cerreto, Boilermaker, vice president of the Reamers; Stanley Leszezynski, Independent, PIA worker for three semesters, and activities chaiiman two semesters. ■’ Hanky Davis, Boilermaker, and Betty Jane Ribordy, Boilermaker, are running for the office* of coed executive. Davis is the secretary of PIA and former secretary of SCA. Ribordy is PIA social chairman, PIA activities chairman, social chairman of SCA, and a member of the Gold Peppers. The office of treasurer is sought by Lyle Crist, Boilermaker, and Ed Goetze, Independent. Crist has a column in the Exponent, is publicity chairman of the Aeroniodellers club and works on WBAA. Goetz is the former treasurer of ASCE, a PIA worker and a Reamer pledge. Avelyn Lane, Boilermaker, and Mary Diesslin, Independent, are the candidates for secretary. Lane is treasurer of SCA and Diessling is secretary of SCA, belongs to Kappa Delta Pi and is coed activities chairman of PIA. ^ Prof. Robertson, Chinese Students To Speak On WBAA Two Chinese girls and Dr. L. ^ Roberts^on of agriculture economics department will be featured on the radio piograins Thursday and Friday over WBAA sponsored by tha Chinese Students Club, according to G. B. Wu. president. Mei Sau and Mei Lai will conduct a lound table discuasion of “Chinese Women in the Army,” beginning at 7.15 p. in. Thursday. Dr. Robertson Will Speak Dr Robottson will be the guest on the program “Today’s China,*** beginning at 7'45 p. ni. Having spent 30 years in China, he will biing out facts about Chinese New Year’s customs and other timely
topics.
Penalty Days Bj special action of the Executive Committee, there are three “penalty” dajs during-. New 1 ear’s week end. They are Frida j , December .U; Saturday, Januar> 1, and Mondaj, January 3. An> student who is absent from a regularb scheduled meeting of^ a class on any of the above-men-tioned dates IV ill be assessed an, extra fee ot $3.00 for each day or fraction thereof missed. —DEAN OF MEN.Page 2
Purdue Expuimtit
Th ursday^ Decern her 30, 194^
I ■■
m:
^urdue Exponent " combined with ».■ Purdue Independent
Offices; Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Ficldhousc, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor Business ManaRcr.. News Editor AJftnnpinR Editor ^ptjrls Editors
Ellis Mnrph; Mary Dilti William H. Tysot ; Enrolyn Wilbu. . Kaymond J. Smith, Kusscll M. Lipca
Publication Staff Editorial SlalT Associate Editors: Jack Aiihrtt, Ruth M. Ford, Madelyn A. Grotnes.’ .l.-iiucs T. Kieli.-irdson, MarRarct Y. Sloires, Jam. , Arkornmn, .Frank Vryh, ! hyiiis Mann. Martha i.,rc KipR. Katy Jtowc's. Aseoc.irte Sports Editors: Jamrs F. Ackrianan, Paul G.arhei ' William Garber. Warren C. Wristhl. {Sctricc Staff: Morns Heller, Gabriel Elias. Leo Friedman Jack Martire, ,!:iy Newman. Jerry Kuetiinir, Bob Baker, Business Staff 'AdvertisinR Manager: C. L. Gaunt. Aseislnnt Advertising Manager: Betty Maney. Circulation ManaRcr: R. G. Sauerman. Staff For This Issue . Night Editor:'Vargar Day Editor: UigR ‘ City E:litor : Donhaai tssiic Editor: Georgeso: 1 f;. .: Sports Editor : Ackerman Reporters: Bva. sie. 11. rm:in., AsscnhuRler, Googlctocs, Ehi rimn, ReorimreS!.:..', Baiiizeey. Waterbiiry. Brown, Lindsay ,Lee,,, .Goetz. Ladcrer. ' ' Stall PholoRraphcr: ML C. Tolher Ij Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafay et'le. Indiana, under the act of .ConRross of March 3, 1879' .and nt. the special rati' of po.staKe provided for in sectio) 1103, act of October 3, 1917. authoriKcd January 20, 1922 I’uhlistud on Tnesuay. Thursday and Saturday mornings dur ing the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for $1.2', for a semester: by mail for $1.60 for i Bemtster. Subsciiptions may be obt:iine'd at the Exponent office or at the West De.sk of'the Union. Kenresicnted for natibuai advertising by National. Advertk ing Service, Inc., rollcirc Publishers Representatives,. 42. Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.'
GRII^jM
K'O
■' Recently, here and there about the. campus, Sve hai'e lieard remarks to the effect that Al 'Stewart, Vallely, Ditamore and Ragains—the nlemb'er,s of the A^ictory Varieties, committee rr-must be making quite a “rake-off” from the shows they put on. On the surface it may seem that they are. But the truth is that the ones who really benefit from Vitcory Varieties are the persons who attend the show. Thfe group includes most of the students. ■Although it is definitely impracticable to print an iternized. account of costs and expenses, ive can give a I'ough idea of how the. finances are handled. ■ The first item is that the, shows are planned with the idea of just making expenses or “breaking even”. Tiic profits on the hooks after the first three shows had been presented were forty-seven dollars plus or minus a few cents. These fortj'-seven. dollars were added to the estimate of'.funds available for planning the fourth shoiv. On-the last show, a net profit of several hundred dollars was realized. .This money lyas not used to line the.pockets of . Victory Varieties, hut was added to the Social Recreation Fund, This is the fund made up of fnoney obtained from the sale of social recreation cards to service men, and from the recrea]tionfees paid by Civilians at registration. Perhaps the idea of non-profit is inconceivable to some readers who are not familiar with jjrocedure of.putting on a show. Perhaps, when i^re ticket sales or gate receipts are added up, the expense side of the ledger seems to be way ever-balanced. But a few facts might show how gate receipts just balance the overhead. 'j' One point that few realize is that the acts brought to the. Music Hall to take part in the. Victory Varieties programs are among the best in the country.: Some of them have toured ^Europe, and .most of them have seen all of the United States. The Gibsons, who are appearing here on New Year’.s Day, have been booked by Radio. City Music,Hall for their next per-
formance.
The acts for the Varieties this week end are costing tiie committee approximately twentyfour hundred dollars. This, plus the cost of the Mu.sic Hal), usher.s, placai’ds, and other items will easily iT.m the cost up.to three fhou.,sand d'ollar.s. The house hold.s six thousand peojjle -who pay fifty cents each. Five of the fifty cents goes for tax. From this rough brealvdown, Ave feel that anyone should be able to I'calize that jirolits on the Victory Varietie.s. are .few and far lietween; and we on the campus should feel fortunate that we can see acts for fifty cerlts which cost between one and three dollars at large theaters.
,|m. f(t9. U. S. QrC
• y DRiW,. PEAHSON Senator Walsh Blocks Navy's Plan To Send WAVES Overseas; Coal Victory Spurs Strikes WASHINGTON—Distinguished 71-year-ol(l Senator Dave Walsh of Massachussetts has appointed himself a coinmitteeiof one to protect the purity of American -womanhood." The Navy Department wants to send WAVES overseas, but Walsh, as chairman of the Senate NavaP Affairs Committee,'says, “American women must not be subjected to the evil influences of service abroad.” The Navy wants WAVES overseas because of the manpower ,problem. As things stand now, the Navy is obliged to use men for clerical work at many over-j^ • seas bases nowhere near war zones, -■ The Havy has large establishments in Puerto Rico, Tritlidad, Newfoundland, the Canal Zone. These are no more dangerous militarily than New York dr San Francisco. WAGS are allowed to serye there, and the Navy is allowed to send civilian women there, but WAVES are barred because Dave Walsh is out to protect American womanhood. Everybody high, up in the Navy has pleaded with Congress for authority to let the WAVES go overseas, including Secretary Knox, Admiral Randall Jacobs, chief of Naval Personnel, and Captain Mildred H. McAfee, director of the .WAVES, Admiral Jacobs -told House Naval Affairs that Admiral Harold Stark, European Commander-in-Chief, had sent word: “Send me WAVES. I could use fifty in my London offices and replace fifty men for fight-
ing.<’
The House committee was impressed and was willin.g to give the WAVES a break, but Walsh blocked action on the Senate side.' The matter came out for debate on the Senate 'floOr. Walsh sat on it in committee. Meantime, the War Department has sent 1,000 WAGS to the North African theatre alone.
i
fVA*
mm
WM.
01913, Chicago Times, Iric.
f
liyersity Calendar
9:00 A.M.
9:00 A.M. 7:00 P.M.
8:00 P.M. 8:30 P.M. 9:00 P.M.
Thursday^ December 50 ; : Division of Public Safety.. i.:.Rooms 366,'3(33, Friday, December 31 Penalty Day , Division of Public Safety ....i. .Rpoins' 356, 3,63', Service Show .(servi'ce men only)... ...............Hall of
'Mwgic
Saturday, I Penalty Day Purdue Club Foundation.. Beta. Theta Pi Dance ... Dances...,.
iry 1
...Roojins 36$, 363, ..East Facultyrbpunge, .....................Ballrooms,
t/'"' Uhlon
“Willis, stop piling your stuff in that linen closet—I expect the stuff we sent to the laundry will eventually come back.” Independent Inklings
ByJack Abbett -t j
Kings seems to be one of the rnany things that will be Igiid upon the shelf after the war; and most of these kings ojiice had a toehold in the Balkans. Whatever is the exact worth pf a king? He is not needed in a world that is trying to progress toward democracy. Kings are in actuality ho better than the best—or worst — dictator; ' - " • i ■ they differ from the dictator iai party in Italy "wouia certeihiy only in that they claim a divine help to make up many doubtful right to kill their subjects and Italian minds. i , make wars, whereas the dicta- The Anjerlcans have begun tp lj^ll tor just goes out and does his tke^^selves into a false beheUtl^t
the total war will be over m 1944.
Ll Fraruk Q. Belles ... former .‘•iudent ol' the University, I'cceived hi.s bombardier’,s wings at Victorville Army Air Field on Deccriiber ■!, Air Force oilicials have announced. Lt. Belles is a rnernber of Phi Kappa P.si fraternity. Before entering thci.Air Corps he was employed as a jriec'iiunical eira'ineer at LaGra.nge, 111.' yeyf* Emilio Paul Ratfri , . . .Vi'iiiy Air Uoi'ps officer and fonner Boilermaker, /eceiiLly receit'cct the bronze (iak Leaf Cluster and other ail' medals bed'ore 300 officers and eplj.sted men in ilic ]3t!i Army Air Foi'ce for mevitoribu.s achievejrient while taking part iti aerial fiiglits on combat misFioiis, He is the son of f))’, ■and Mrs. Cino A. Ratli, indiunapolis.
More Strikes Ahead Tlicre are a lot more .strike.s in the country than the public is aware ()f. The Government has abandoned the policy of regular announcements of the number of strikes and the number of man hours lost. Thus the strikes do not get into the newspaper. But here .ire some figures which reveal that j the iio-strikc pledge of labor organizations is not very
effective.
In November alone, there were 120 strikes. The December figure will be only slightly lower. In the week before Christmas, 91,000 man days were lost in plants engaged in war production. Two days before Christmas, 21,000 people were out on strike, and a number of critical items were behind schedule. Some of the strikes have no relation to wages. Take for example the strike which Washington officials refer to as “The Baltimore backhouse strike.” The Western Electric plants at Baltimore arc producing such highly important items as marine cables and radar wire. But white workers went on strike because v/hitc and colored workers did not have separate toilet facilities. The War Department was obliged to stej) in last M eek and take over the plants—solely because of toilet trouble. Workers began coming back slowly, but four days after the plants were taken over, over half the workers were still put. Unfortunately, there is every probability that strikes will increase, rather than decrease in the future. Next in line demanding wage increases will be aircraft, steel and shipyard workers. John L. Lewis’ victory broke the line, has stimulated demands for increases in many industries. After the President yielded to Lewis, George Harrison, railroad brotherhoods chief, visited the White House and said, “For Gawd’s sake, you give it to your enemies, why not to your friends?” Tape Bans Meat. Meat producers in Mexico would like to send a million pounds of fresh beef a week to the U. S. A., but the U. S. A. declines to receive it. There is no question of foot-and-mouth disease, as in Argentina. It is merely a technical question of whether or not U. S. Federal meat inspectors should cross the border.' Washington says “No.” The law gives our inspectors no authority to operate outside the United States. Washington says Me.xico will have to set up its own Federal meat inspection system before the beef can be shipped across. It is a game of tick-tack-toe, with the housewife suffering. A new meat-packing plant has just been completed ■ at Juai'ez, oii the,border, for the purpose of processingmeat for sale to the United States. President .Avila Camacho personally dedicated the plant, and its operators expected to slaughter 250,000 pounds a week, for shipping across the border. But not a pound can come across. Actually, an old plant at the same site years ago had U,' S. Fedei'al inspection, under a special agreement, and the present operators can’t see why this agreement cannot be revived. ■ Dr. George E. Totten, chief of meat inspection in the Department of Agriculture, mentions the matter with annoyance, but .seems to do absolutely nothing about it. Meanwhile, we buy tons of meat from’ oup ■ Latin American critic, Argentina, while spurning meat from our ally Mexico. War Chaff From the Philippine grapevine: Puppets of Japan are called “military objectives” by Filipinos loyal to Iho U. S. A. Many “military objectives” have been shot at, including puppet President Jose Laurel. . . . In leaching Filipino citizens proper respect for the Japanese Imperial ftjrces, the Japs instruct them to bow low and toward the north (the direction of Japan). . . . bugge.s'tion for saving manpower received from various Army camps: Have fewer chauffeurs sit in car's tor hours waiting for commissioned officers. Officers are pretty good drivers themselves, and the WAGS are excellent. . . . Major Si Bartlett, husband ol Ellen Drew, the movie actress, is back from overseas. He was the first American to release a bomb over Berlin, “Berlin,” says Si, “is still my favorite target.” .. . At Scott Field, 111., civilians get good pay, including time and a half over 48 hours, for teachingradio operators. Meanwhile, non-coms at $66 a month do the same job, plus .school guard, fire guard, barracks guard, calisthenics, barracks orderly, shovelingcoal. Many of the civilians are draft-deferred. (Cojjyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
It’s true that Trackmen run
Busses, run Noses run
And everyone’s been running wild at WRH with all the room changes being made there. And somebody said that Inez Riggs and Mary Dunnewold have been running after a couple of AST’s stationed at the Triangle House. Let’s, us run into: Goedda House ... over there Margaret Pennington and Betty Frederick^vill be among those graduating Sunday—the only ones from Coedda. Incic^entally, Marg is sporting Sanford Wolin’s AKL pin nowadays . . . and while on the subject of jewelry, Florence Means of Coedda has just z-eceived a sparkler from 'Wayne Stevenson, formerly of Circle Pines. ’Tis next to impossible, without the aid of an adding machine, to calculate the engagements. Santa brought over the holidays. Alice Overturf, Elma Bachman and Mary Palmer of WRH are flashing the smiles around now, while Ann Tweeciale has word of three new sparklers on respective digits of Betty Shattuck, Joan Beckman and Nita Garrett . . . congrats to all. Nine independents are sharing Bivouac now with the Betas. Last week Walt Sackett (ws) and Al Wonder (aw) of Bivouac found out, the hard way, that the velocity (which we shall designate as v) of a moving truck (t) along Grant street (gs) is sometimes larger than the ability to leap (1) from said truck along said street. Expi-essed mathematically it boils down to this —thing: A(ws) (aw) equals tv over gs (1)... Get it?.. Well, it’s not important anyway... All this research results from Al and Walt hopping a truck while going to class... They figured they could jump off the truck by the CE building, but found the truck’s speed too dangerous. Frantic efforts to contact the driver were to no avail until they were several miles west of -town. Yes, they finally did make it to class, but were quite jumpy for hours. . . . Jack Tribby, EE instructor for all the RCA girls on the campus, has succumbed to the charms of Claudine Chilntaniak, senior from
Collegianna House . . . it’s an engagement for sure. ... Been hearing strange rumors about the AST’s with Lillian Brewer on these Sunday afternoons . . . my guess is that Gabby Elias is in the lead . . . Pardon the implication . . . purely coincidental . . . maybe it's the warm atmosphere over at 15, University St. . . . Anyway, we have to give him a good hand for the swell Work he’s been doing for University Town Meetings. Weekly'Observation: Knees are a luxury. If you don’t think so, just try and get hold of one ... The girls at Antigoiiish ai"e whooping it' up for Jean Theobold, who is tying the knot January 8 with Jim Lucas, formeidy of Marwood. Another Antigonish member, Helen Howarth, plans to widen relations with Owen House when she marries Eugene “Garry” Allen —soon; Ever attended Chicago U? Well Carlos Herrera of' International House hasn’t, but he insists he’s headed for there. In fact, he’s so intrigued with their. methods of leai'iiing that he’s been frequenting the campus quite a lot .lately . . . methods of learning—what? Well, adios,. amigos, until next week . . . until then remember what the poor student in Chein. 1 said last week: “Antimony is money inherited from your mother’s sister.” Second oldsst college publication in the country is The Round Table of Beloit College, Beloit, Wisf It \vas founded in 1853.
vicious deeds without any' High sign
from heaven.
King George of Greece, King Peter of Jugoslavia and King Victor Ernmariuel of Italy are the kings in question, and the quicker they and
their royal heirs, foVget that they '‘
have any more divine rights to be
a king than the comman man, the quicker the world will get to be a place of acres of flowers instead of acres of dead. It is naturally expected that the kings of countries in the Nazi orbit will find their fate tied in a hangman’s knot with that of Hitler. The people of Jugoslavia have in a very few words told their young King Peter that they want no part of hiln when their country is free again. No. news has come out of Greece, but King George has been in and out of favor with his people ever since he was allowed to return to Greece from an enforced exile. The Italian people are undecided as to whether they want a king in the future, but a strong anti-monarch-
MAKE MILLER'S YOMR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheer music (latesf hits) Inslruments and Accessories Insl-rumcnl' Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Main Lafayette Phone 7917
This, much as everyone wisjies dt were true, will not be the case;- At least the opinion of far eastern ex--perts is that it will fake all of 1944 to get the far east sufficiently supplied with mar materials to knock
The Ger-
mans will undoubtedy be defeated in 1944, and this will take most of the U. S. military supplies for the first six months of 1944. The fight against the Japs will increase in intensity as the allies push the Japs close, to destruction of their 25 year
dream. ^
Cleonice De Kaf , . . pharmacy sophomore, also made an index of 6.00 last semester, bringing the total of perfect ratings for the term to 13 instead of 12 as previously announced.
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
0W
ONE WEEK STARTING TODAY LOVE STORY OF AN ARMY CAMPS
grand musical hit!
STARTING TODAY S!X-GONSrSOCKSHG FIST$!
G«o, "Oobby" HAYiS
-^PLUS—■ THRILLING MYSTERY
NEW YEAR'S EVE PREVIEW SHOWING
— ALSO — Starting for 15 Weeks ^ POWER.PACKED SCENES IMPOSSIBLE TO FILM BEFORE . . . . BROUGHT TO THE4iCREEN IN DYNAMIC FLASHES OF ACTION YOU'LL NEVER FORGETI . . . .
;Vv;-Thursday, December 30, 1943
\orts
Pr^geB
Who Won The Game-Riveten Or DePauw?
¥ — ^ r
fast Grid Squad Star-Studded Badger nve Meets Wiih&iil6cdm^ehceTiim;M^ Dante, lllini Barwegen To Be Likely Starter On Week End Bill
Grcmdstand Echoes
By Russ Lipes
DePauw Wins Dedsioh But Score Book Oiffeirs
Tuesday night the Boilermakers lost to the DePauw V‘5
I.
^ When the Eastern All-Stars take tp the gridiron on New Year’s Day they will take with them a goodly proportion of Riveters The Boilermakers who are working out with the Easterners are Barwegen, Dirtianchelf and Plevo Barwegen is considered a likely starter Not only the Boilermakers but the entire midwest is well repiesphted in this annual charity game ipfpernsphemeyer and Pihos will replt,pgent the Hoosiers The Irish are sending ^heii center, Coleman, while Spnsenbaugher will cany the Ciimspn and Gray of the Buckeyes SiOrvice Men Play for West The Westerners will have a slight advantage in that they will be able i;o play some service men The service men who played foi eastern col leges last fall are not able to get leave to make the trip The East squad has been hampered m its workouts by wet fields IJowevei, Coaches Andy Keir and George Hauser have been giving them blackboard drill on the ilvoist days and light outdooi dull on the
best ones
East Lineup
The Easteineis will piobably start the following men Left end, Rudy Smeja, Minnesota, left tackle, fill! Ivy, Noithwestern, left guaid, Dick Baiwegen, Puidue, center,
Meiedith Cushing, Cornell, right cago, heie guard, Alex Kaptei, Northwestern, Feb 12—Puidue, Noithwestern, right tackle. Bill Aldwoith, Minne- Wisconsin, at Chicago sota, right end, Pete Pihos, Indi Feb 19—Puidue at Indiana ana, quarterback, Aldo Cenci, Penn Feb 26—Puidue, Indiana, at Illi-
State; left half. Bob Hoernsche nois
meyer, Indiana, light half, Joe Feb
Kane, Pennsylvania, fullback, Jim heie
Dougherty, Miami Mai
The Westerners, meanwhile, aie ^ai not as far along Their practices lays
have been slowed by numerous in- Mai 25—Tentative, Chicago Re-
3uiies and illnesses Coaches Babe lays Hollingswoith and Buck Shaw will probably master the situation by
Saturday, however
WHO WON?
Who won the basketball game with DePauw Tuesday night ’ Did Pur-
due win, was it DePauw, or might it have been Referee T R SMITH‘S team. So said the referee, T R. Smith of West DafAyette, fn We’re wondering, too, but here are the facts as they were given to us handing down hlS decision of the contest, but several other work war'decrLd foT his^nwer- Dienhart, who was coaching the Riveters that night in the absence versions of the score have cropped up. of Piggy Lambert ^ ^ The referee’s decision giving the game to the V-5ers was During the entire evening, the scoreboards were wrong to the extent i .t. • .
„„ ^ that the spectators were continually shouting, “Scoie, score” Joe didn’t running score, the score taken aS the pomts u os er as e prepare e attention to the boards but after the game he tallied the Boiler ■ ' scored, not regarding the
sity of Wisconsin basketball squad for this week by Coach Harold E
Badger quintet for contests against two tough foes over the coming
week end
The Badger basketeeis, who leturned to the campus Monday from Christmas vacation which extended thiough last week, will celebrate New Yeai’s Eve with their second game of the season against Notre Dame, to be played this time in the Milwaukee auditorium on Friday night as the second contest of a
maker scorebook and the score came out a tie, 59 to 69 The scoreboards
read 60 to 59, in DePauw’s favoi RULES—WHAT RULES?
According to basketball rules the home book is the "official book and the home scorekeepei is the official scorekeeper and what he records in his book IS the official record of the game Those are basketball rules, the same rules that regulate all athletic contests, the same rules that it is the
purpose of the officials to follow and carry out
When Joe Discovered the apparent error in his book he went over to the official scorekeeper to check his mistake On tallying the official b6ok, here IS what he found DePauw had 21 field goals and 16 free throws for a total of 58^points Purdue had 24 field goals and 11 free throws for a
doubleheader Marquette will meet ^;o^al of 59 poWs By some the running score read 60 to ^ Thus was
Camp Grant’s powerful soldier five the record rp the “official book” in the first game MR T R SMITH DECIDES
Badgers Open Conference Naturally a long and hot argument followed between the Boilermakers In then second hard game during game officials, but DePauw’s coach, Everett Case, could not be the four day period the Badgers *0 confer with Both game officials were reluctant to give a ruling, will meet up with this year’s edi finally MR T R SMITH, who was listed as the referee and with tron of the Illinois Whiz Kids in '^hom the final word rested, said that as far as he was concerned the
DICK BARWEGEN
who will start the East-West charity game Saturday at guard position Dick made many of the AllAmerican teams in the country this
year
what will be the opening battle of the 1944 Big Ten campaign for both teams The game with Illinois here was originally scheduled for January 28, but was changed to January 3 at the request of the Champaign
school
The Junior Whiz Kids will be opening their defense of the conference basketball championship in the
scoreboard was right, despite the fact that he had audited the scorebook
and the 59 to 68 score
ATTENTION, MR TRESTER Nice going, Mr Smith We have witnessed your work on our own court many times and we know just how weak you are when it comes to decisions We have seen the lack of authority that you have over contestants and we have heard the boos of the crowd in honor of your whistle However, this IS the first time that we have come upon a complete disregard of the rules Suie rules are rules and judgments are up to the officials, but this Was a case of rules, not judgment Men who are supposed to be
Track Schedule For '44 ..... .......
^ iji r ..1 1 competent athletic officials are supposed to know the rules, AND BE
Feb 5—Noithwestern and Chi- Wisconsin fieldhouse battle here on .
player who scored the point. By this method the score was 60 to 59, in favor of DePauw. But by adding up the points scored by each individual player, in the official scorebook, the score was 59 to 58 to the Riveters’ advantage As the winner m a Big Ten Conference game is decided by the latter method, the Boilermakers would have been the victor, had this been a league game However, as this was only a pre conference game, the referee’s decision stands So the Boilermakers have lost another one
Forty-Five Foul^
The game itself was featured Ky a hectic, helter skelter style of game, with 45 fouls being marked against both team, the Riveters leading 25 to 20 The Boilermakers outscored the home team from the flooi, however, iinging m 24 baskets to DePauw’s 22 The remainder of the points weie made as the Riveters hit 11 of their 20 free tosses, while DePauw was collecting 16 of its chanty shots This could have been the margin by which the V-5s
26—Ohio State, Indiana, 11—Big Ten Meet, Chicago 18—Tentative, Purdue Re-
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
JUST A TIP Yes, indeed, we’d like to pass along a thought that we believe is mighty important to the person who really enjoys eating. The UNION cafeteria is tops in good food.
fijUAjdiJUL TyisumifiiciL lAnjuofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
next Monday night, and with the Badgers seeking levenge for the two defeats they suffered at the hands of the gieat Illini quintet of a yeai ago, the game is bound to hold the cage spotlight in the opening i^und of Big Ten basketball
games
DePauw Stars Strengthen Team Bolstered with the addition of two outstanding navy playeis from the DePauw pie flight school, Russ Wendland, foimei Northwestern stai, and Chailes Tourek, Noithwestern fieshman last yeai, both guards, the Wisconsin squad should piesent a stiongei game against Doth foes Both men arrived on the campus last week and were expect ed to report Monday or Tuesday Scrimmage this week is expected to emphasize also the fitting of these men into the Badger attack So far ^e Badgers have won two and lost three games against such strong competition as the DePauw
Pie flighteis, Marquette, Notre ^ teinoon
Dame and Camp Grant
Foster’s hope that early season
ABLE TO ENFORCE THEM
BORIS DIMANCHEPP won played halfback for the Riv- Boilermakers Lead
After the argument had waged for over an hour, DePauw’s assistant eters this year and will see a great
coach took the book and disappeared Don’t worry, Joe Dienhart has a
complete copy of what was in that book WHAT TO DO? LET’S SAY WE WON
What to do about it, that a good point If it were a conference game
the argument could be referred to the Big Ten commission and a decision rendered by Major Griffith This was not a conference battle and since
there is no higher authority in the matter we just might as well forget it
Our opinion would be to call it a win for us and let DePauw call it what-
ever they might Referee’s decisions cannot change rules We give a lot of credit to Doc Miller, Joe Dienhart, Lon Mann and all
the others who waged the battle of words They say that Doc argued so hard that he darned near blew the fieldhouse away One of our coaches was quoted as saying, “The officials sure played a swell game, they were
the best playeis ”
deal of action at this position on the Eastern All-Stars New Year’s Day Papenguth To Pick Swim Squad Of Civilians, V-12s For DePauw Meet On 8th
New Wrestlers Prepare Track Practice F" Starts Tonight
%
By Ed Lee Now that the official callouts for
Coach Claude Reeck’s new grappling squad is now in the midst of preparation for then first pielimi-
During the intervals in which there were no fouls both teams played a fast break game During the entire, game the Boilermakers were in the lead, with the exception of a brief period in the first half, when the DePauw team led by a single point, 7 6 In the last 40 seconds, Bob Cook, a newcomer from Wisconsin, slipped into the Boilermaker defense to score the basket
From the intiasquad meet at 3 30 that either won or came close to Saturday Coach Dick Papenguth winning the game, take your choice will select his team for the initial Joe Diennait, m the absence of swim meet at DePauw on January Piggy Lambert, who has been ill, 8th was in charge of the Boilermaker Since 15 oi tne tank aspirants are squad With two minutes left to V-12 students, few men have been play, the Boilermakers were in the able to benefit from evening piac lead, 69 56, but were badly crippled tice Every possible moment has by the loss of Bill Lodge, Dennis been utilized for tank practice, in Horn and Paul Hoffman, aU three eluding Saturday afternoons and of whom were ejected on fouls With Sundays An additional headache but 65 seconds left Warren Cartier, has been the academic restriction big DePauw center, connected with
competition against such powerful Northwestern here January 8
Reeck has a surplus of 155 and 165 pound wrestlers, but is .still
cage foes as these would put his squad in the best possible condition from all angles for the opening of the long, tough Big Ten court cam
paign
Swimmjing Schedule Jan 8—Ohio State here Jan 15—DePauw here Jan 22—Purdue, Wisconsin,
Northwestern
Jan 29—Purdue at Michigan. Feb 6—Northwestern here Feb 12—Puidue at Illinois Feb 19—Conference meet
Northwestern
naiies, track are over, head varsity coach hst, which maintains an uncertain- a pivot shot The Boilermakers tried
Heiman Phillips and his assistant, ty m the selection of the final squad to contiol the ball after that but a
Homer Allen, are looking forward civilians upon whom Coach
to a hard season So far 40 men Papenguth can rely on Gorby and game
Leach in the sprints, Lyon and Cartier Heads Scoring Friedman in sprints and distance, ^^e DePauw team, Warren Brogan in distance and Bower m Cartier was the big gun, runnmg up
These contests will de
It IS Coach team which is to rep-
resent the Boilermakers against , .. j . ..i. j, n , o reported, however this falls
far short of last yeai’s 60 man squad More men, especially those
short on men weighing 121 pounds Only three men on the new squad have much experience, one of them being Dan Nettesheim, who was runner up in last yeai’s Conference
136 pound event
with experience, are wanted, but living Included m the V 12 sprint
anyone who merely wants to get out of PE might as well stay away be-
cause they aren’t wanted
Practice will start today at 4 35 in the Fieldhouse Anyone who
This season the Riveter matnren missed the callout should report
eis are Salmon, Porter, Kann Par ly and Glassei Middle distance races will be under control of Han-
sel and Kendrick
For the first time in several years Papenguth’s squad will be strong
will act as host to the following early to either of the coaches so that m the backstroke, with V 12 men lo points
20 points The Boilermakers could not stop him without fouling him. Next to him was Bob Cook with 15
points
Dennis Hoi n led the Boilermakers with a total of 15 points Close behind came Lodge and Haag with 11 / points each Hoffman followed them
at teams Illinois, Wheaton College, Indiana and DePauw They will journey to Columbus to meet Ohio State in a regularly scheduled meet, and will visit Northwestern to participate in the annual Conference
meet on February 19
lockers can be assigned and equip- Cumming Koitjohn, Nelson Huntment issued Because of Aimy and ington and Woolveiton Aspirants Navy PE classes there will be less for the breast stroke in future
at
• Southworth’s
Attention Graduating Seniors!
Reserve Your Cap and Gown NOW! (For Graduation Jan. 3, 1944)
from
pmiE
30a-10 JlftTE mEEf WEST LAFAYETTE iNft'
Southworth*8
time in which to work out, but after 4 35 the Fieldhouse track will be limited to track men and varsity men in other sports Nevertheless there is no limit to the time which can be spent in working out Everything will be arranged before practice time so that workouts should end by 6 30, thus giving men with 4 o’clock classes time to get a proper workout The first week will be spent in loosening up and then things will get down to serious busi
ness
Though there is a lack of expei
meets are Lair, Barnard and MacMullen
Sports Shorts
The summary DePauw (60)
Cook, f
Cummins, f
Cartier, c
Waldron, g
Weigel, g Nemes, g
Hai count, t
Polum, g
Maikknla, g
Totals
Puidue(59)
Lodge, f
McPherson, f Hoffman, c
Lt James Goddard, shot putter on Northwestern University’s 1942 track team, has received the An Medal for hrs exploits as a member oi a Flying Fortress crew that has participated in three raids over Gei many Lt Goddard, who serves as radio officer and gunner, paitici
enced hurdlers, broad jumpers and pated in the Muenstei raid in which Haag, g pole vaulters, the majority of events he shot down a Folke Wolfe 190 Horn, g f have lebttrnmg men In the long His plane, “The Eight Ball,” was Pnend, g distance runs Ed Ellicson, who won credited with downing nine enemy Kennedy, g the Big Ten cross country meet, planes on that raid Cline, g Mansfield, who placed second, In a letter to fiiends Lt Goddard Charcholla, i Bielle, Haynes and Kennedy are ex- wrote that only excellent piloting Frazier, c pected to be the pacers In the enabled the plane to make a sale Schrenk, g short distances Harvey, Linblad and return After contacting the air Pleatman will lead the way for the rescue command to be on the watch
for them in the Channel he said the pilot made a landing at a spiall field with only 40 gallon^ oi gasoline left
in the tanks
Totals
24 11 25
sprinters Klause and Susci, who placed in last yeai’s conieience have returned to throw the shot for
the Riveter squad
However, everything is not too secure for a few of the boys are feeling the hot breath oi the diaft
board on then hecks
Though this season’s schedule is one of the toughest in several sea
Referee—T R Smith Umpire—Karl Dickerson
America’s fighting men still iol low the results oi athletic events back 111 the states judging iioni letters received b> Northwestern University’s athletic department In
sons, the coaches are hoping for a lettei Lt Paul Weid end
on the 19)8 football team wrote from England ‘Just learned the Northwestern Notre Dame score Besides losing a month's pay I shall have to ask ioi tiausler to the South Pacific What a beating I am tak
mg iionr mv outfit ”
Pafrotiize Exponent
successful season, because the results of the indoor season will mainly determine the schedule for the
outdooi season
Buy War Bonds
And Siainps
Advertisers
Women Sports Class vollej'ball practices will be held December 29 30 and 31 at 4 p ni In order to qualify tor 100 WAA points guls must attend at
least two practices
Wright Field a unit of 50 guls who are studying to be assistant aeionrutical engineers, have been invited to play Regular class games will be held January 5, 6 and 7 WAV organization holds mixed reel cation piogiams every Friday night at the Women’s Gym. Volleyball, swimming, badminton and social dancing aie ofteied. There IS no charge oi admissionFor Service Men^ By Service Men
Thursday, December 30, 19^^^
to Teach Languages “Discarding traditional methods of instruction for a new streamlined technique, hundreds of camps and installations are t^ching foreign languages in a handful of easy lessons, the C&ni{> Maxey Times reports in describing the system, now fairly general throughout the Aimy, which has just been installed
there.
Self teaching aids in Japanese, Chinese, Spanish, Fi'ench and It£^lian are on hand at Maxey —
WBAA Schedule
Records Now Used I Sideline Shots |Lt. (jQj) LcC SomCfS Dir6CtS " By Bob Baker 1 ViP Pr /
Navy-Marine Musical Show
and are loaned out to interested groups. The method utilizes phone records and involves
At 9 30 p 111 today WBAA will
emphasis on idiomatic conver- Present its Thmsday diamatization
,, of one of Poe s hoi 101 stones oir the
sation rather than grammar.
The student listens and then imitates what he has lieaid He pidks up simple phiases and accent first, while the gianiiiiai conies incidentally. In eveiy case he is tdught idioms 111 popular cuiient use lathei than iiianufactuied
phrases and sentences New Films . . .
‘Road to Feai” program
Thursdaj, December 30—
10 30—News
10 45—Smile Time 11 00—Fedeiated Clubs 11 15—Morning Matinee 11 50—Piudue news
11 55—News
12 00—Farm Foium
,Disturbed over mounting reports 12 30—Meet the Band of sailors and soldiere being fleeced 12 55—News
1 00-
by "“clip joints” throughout the country, the Army and Navy are going to use indoctrination films to teach their men how to avoid being “taken,” the Ft Benning Bayonet ifeports, describing discussions in Variety, show business paper The films, shorts, will be made available to men in allied navies too, the report states One film, recently completed by the Navy, and soon to be shown in all training establishments, offers a realistic portrayal of the danger based on a composite of factual ckse histones of sailors caught off
guard
' Another film, in pi epai ation by the Army Signal Corps, according to the Bayonet, shows soldier s what they might easily find themselves against in crooked plav if they get into games with caid sharks
Gas Mask .. .
A long discussed development, a gas mask for men needing glasses, IS now available, according to the Daniel Field Notam, which reports a Wai Department circular on the
matter |
^ The lens mask \|ill be issued only to persons having 20 70 vision or worse, unaided, for both eyes together, or to persons requiring a bifocal correction m older to perform then duties properly while
wearing gas masks
The eyeglass gas mask, Ml, which IS its official nomenclature, laniiaij 31 will be issued to authorized person- News nel who have been alerted for over- Snjilb Trsqe seas duty n/)0--“Newspaper'anfl Magazine \ Article Wilting,” Prof J Two-Day Feat'... ' h McKee Among magnificent engineering 11 50—Purdue News f^ats being performed in the war, 11 55—News the Jackson Army An Base News 12 00—Farm Forum weighs in with one of the greatest 12 30—Meet the Band —Sbuilding a 5,000 foot an strip m 12 55—News
Home Makers Club of the
An
15—Music 30—Science Review 45—Markets 55—News 00—Story a Day 15—The Apothecary 2 30—Treasure Chest 2 65—News 3 00—Symphony Hall 3 55—News 4 00—-Tea Time Tunes 4 30—Just Relax 4 56—News 5 00—Little Miss Muffett 5 15—Doiee Martin, singer 5 30—Vespers 5 45—Music G 00—A Minute of Prayer 6 01—The Dinner Hour 6 55—News 7 00—Chinese Stones 7 15—Chinese Questions and Com-
ments
7 30—The Navy Band 7 45—Music 7 55—Dramatized News 8 00—Scientific News 8 15—Beyond Victory Whit' 8 30—From the Press Bo\ 8 45—Music 8 55—-News 0 00—Musicana 9 30—“The Road to Fear” 9 55—-News 10 00—OFF THE AIR
Yank, the Army Weekly, remains tops m its exceptional coverage of the war fronts, especially fiom the enlisted man’s angle; but its sports news, located on the inside back cover and contained in a single page, is a trifle pale Perhaps the editors have then reasons lor curtailing this type of news service, at any rate their page does include one sparkling gem of information—the Sports Service Record The following are some illuminative condensations from their last two issues Pete Reiser, Brooklyn Dodger, is a Ft Riley postal clerk, Dutch Meyer, of TCU and Detroit Tiger game, will soon graduate from the physical training OCS at Miami
Beach
Pvt Reece (The Goose) Tatum, a 6-ft 3-in Globe Trotter with a 7-ft. 3-in reach, was one of 400 who answered S/Sgt Bill Singer’s basketball call at Lincoln, Nebraska, Air Base, ill health is stalemating Barney Ross’ attempt to see more action Sailors Bill Daley and Merv Pregulman, Michigan All-American footballers, are undergoing boot training at Portsmouth, Virginia, Sgt Joe DiMaggio and S/Sgt Fred Perry are coworkers in physical tiaining at the Santa Ana Army Air Base, Lt. Col Wallace Wade, former Duke football coach, suffered so much from a broken leg he had to be moved from Camp Butner, North Carolina, to Oliver Geneial Hospital in Augusta, Georgia, for specialized treatment A flying fortress crash near Tampa, Fla, proved fatal to Lt. Derace Moser, one-time Texas Aggie backfield great. Inducted Luke Appling, Chisox, into the Aimy, Bill Veeck, Milwaukee Bieweis, into the Maiines, Lou Klein, St Louis Caids, into the Coast Guaid, Elbic Fletchei, Pittsbuigh Piiates, and Jimmy Demaiet, pio golf stai, into the Navy, AI Blozis, New Yoik football stai and shotputtei, into the Aimy Rejected Hank Goinicki, Piiates pitchei, and Moit Coopei, ace Caidinal twiilei Reclassified 1-A Bob Ruffin, lightweight boxing contendei. Schoolboy Rowe, Philly pitchei, Bob Seymoui, Washington I^edskm fullback, Beau Jack, lightweight champ, Charlie Kellei, Yankee outfieldei. Bob Carpentei, newly elected piesident of the Phillies Commissioned Ben Johnson, Columbia spiint stai, as 2nd Lt in Coast Aitilleiy, Paul Mitchell, Minnesota football tackle, as Ensign in Naval Oidnance Decorated Lt Bob Saggau foimei Notie Dame football stai, with All Medal foi heioism displayed on a dive bombing mission in the South
Pacific
Launched The Libeity ship, “Chailes Paddock”, named foi the foimei splint stai who lost his life in an Alaskan plane ciash C 4, with five consecutive victories, is still showing then fljing heels to the other 39 ball clubs in the ASTP bucket league B-4, B-5, B-7 and G-4 are battling it out for second place, each with four markers on the black side of the ledger As of this date, there are still around ten un beaten teams in the league \ tournament at the season’s end will probably become a necessity as in all probabilities at least foui of the top ten will remain undefeated in future engagements The ASTP Bowling League has completed two rounds of six sessions in then hotly contested league encounteis The Gutteiballs have butch eied the maples foi a giand aggregate of 4651 victims (pins not pinboys) \ 5 with 4626 Four and One with 4620, Yaidbiids with 4594 and Bam yard Bums with 4570 are next in line lor top team honors In individual competition Donald Woodbuin sporting a 208 average and with high three game sets ot 634 and 613 has proven himself a mighty capable pin mangier Hella bested Don on one count with a mountainous total of 244 pins for high single game Essenpiies thud for high singles with 223, rates second in high set with a 594 to his credit, Peikins is thud with a 568 total To fuithei enrich the incentive oi the ‘ strike and spare” art ists, cash piizcs and the customary ineddls will be awarded for win place and show in high individual set league average, and single game and lor teams m total pins and high team set To defray this expense, league officials assess each individual bowler 75 cents per 3 game senes instead of the usual 60 cent Irniit
jf*
New Guinea m two days Loading 5000 pounds of building rpatenals and equipment on each of a small fleet of C47 troop carrier planes, a detachment of American airborne engineers followed paratroopers into Tsili Tsili, in a Jap held stretch of territory Unloading their planes in a matter of minutes, they had grass strip pers and bulldozers working, and before the first day was over, stop ppg only to take pot shots at Jap bTOibeis coming over, they were hard at work on runways and revet ments The whole job took only 46 hours Here, There . . . Newest ■‘^itle of Camp Gordon Johnston in Florida is the Army S^eiwice Force’s Replacement Train ing Center according to the Am pfiibian there It is the onlv center of its kind in the countiy for ASF amphibious men Newest couise at Chapel Hill Pie Flight School IS in woodcraft, according to the Glenview NAS Exhaust Purpose IS to teach young future flieis who may some day be forced down m wooded countiy how to get along Final exam, hints the Exhaust, consists of diopping a man 30 oi 40 miles iioni the sta tion with a light pack and a com pass and waiting lor him to come on in Abbott To Retire Altei 22 jeais in the University physics department Pi of R B Ab bptt IS ictiiiiig fiom active seivice afj the end of this month He has been teaching cnginccnng phjsics anjl aftd a icsf he will take up ic s^jaich woik at the Finvcisitv Dinnei in His Honor The phvsits dtpaifmcnt lionoicd Piol and Mis Abliotl it a lioliilav duiJiei at Lincoln Lodge Monday evening Pi of K Laik lloioyil/ dgjiailment head picsintcd him Wjth a gilt lioni Ills colleagues
ih
1 00—Home Makers Club oi the Air 1 15—Listen While You Work 1 45—Markets 1 55—News
2 00—^Stoiy a Day 2 15—Tieasuij Star Parade 2 30—Music 2 56—News 3 00—Afternoon Melodics 1 15—lock! Grant Gets the Story j 30—Musical Varieties 3 55—News 4 00—Tea Time Tunes 4 30—Just Relax 4 55—News 5 00—^Little Miss Muffett 5 15—Marines on the An 5 30—Vespers 5 45—Sports Review 6 00—A Minute of Prayer 6 01—The Dinner Hour 6 65—News 7 00—Chinese Stones
7 15—Memories of the Masteis 7 45—Today’s China 7 55—News 8 00—WBAA Barn Dance 8 30—Music 8 55—News 9 00—Musicana 9 30—Anything but Swing 9 55—News 10 00—OFF THE AIR Try An Exponent Classified'
Dr. Dorsey Talks To AST 113 Army Studenits Hear Psych Speech Using as his basic concept “a hurt to any man is a hurt to me,” Dr George Dorsey, professor of psychiatry at the University of Michigan medical school, addressed a group of 113 AST psychology students on Tuesday afternoon His subject as presented to the soldiers concerned race prejudice generally and the white-negro problem specifically While admitting that the subject was very complicated. Dr Dorsey sard that it was important enough to be of real significance to a psychiati ist and deserving of the interest of this group of potential psy chiatiists No “Mob” Mind According to Dr Dorsey, there is no such thing as a “group” or “mob” mind This idea is a fallacy because “there are different reasons for individuals taking part in mob action ” As a psychiatrist m Detroit Dr Dorsey had first hand opportunity to observe the incidents concerning the so called race riots He said that from his experience he IS confident that member s of a mob are sick individuals even though they may not be sick in the same way Dr Dorsey emphasized this point and said that these sick indi viduals lost then identity in a crowd so that they may express themselves in violence In Older to find the causes for such prejudices and riots we must, according to Dr Dorsey investigate the personality oty^ach individual and this investiga/ion must go back to early life for me real causes The organization of family is the fiist communiW, according to Dr Dorsey, and,yff deter mines how you will act later in fife “Oppression staled Dr Dorsey, ‘ constitutes the problem ” The psy chological factor most in operation IS whether or not one belongs It IS the feeling of desertion or aban donment that leads to great iiise cuiity This insecurity said Dr Dorsey, results in the aggression found in mob action Legislation Can Benefit While admitting that legislation can benefit, opportunity foi self ed ucation Dr Dorsey stated that there IS no way of legislating liberty and
By A/S S, E. Rose and Melvin West, USMC When Lt. (jg) Lee Somers decided that the time had atrived for the Navy V-12 to give the campus the show it Was waiting for, he issued a call for help to V-12 sailors and marines. HiS call was answered by men interested and experienced in every phase, of show production and through their combined efforts^ “Scuttlebutt and Brine” will be presented after the basketball game January 5, at about 9 p m in the Music Hall. ’'mto a musical farce comedy. Spe^ A/s Gerry Nadler, a mem- numbers include Don Ed-^ , ~ T>i n wards and his dummy. Bob Hoffber of Bureau Players in Cm- impressive impressiort. cinnati for five years, is assist- ^ boogie-woogie pianist; Gor*^ ingLt Somers in directing the don Grow and his original piano show Stage manager, an import- melodies, and a five marine quartet, ant job, IS being handled by A/S Along with the show’s world preSaul Liss, a veteran of Playshop mieie a new number written by* and high school productions Nad- John Simpson of the V-12 band will lei, J B Pearson, Henry Schneider get its world premiere The tune and James Daggy cooperated in is called “The Giils They Left on wilting the show All have had ex- Shore” peiience m the field and Schneider The mam idea of the show is to has done scripts for a radio come- piovide the campus with new and dian different entertainment Managers Listed Admission w^l be by social iec-» Another Playshop veteran, and leation cards for service men, by one of the fewVho has woiked on passport for students, and by puithe stage of the Music Hall befoie, chase of a 26-cent war stamp at the John Alvey, is in charge of lighting door for the general public.
Commencement (Continued from page 1)
Seniois are to meet on the ground floor of the Executive Building,
The difficult job of handling publicity IS in charge of S E Rose, who IS publicity director, and Melvin West, assistant director James Daggy is handling the business end of the show in the capacity of busi
ness manager Allen Ashly is the there-proceed to the Hall o^
property manager and Bob Punell
IS assisting Half of the tuition fee, after the The cast and production staff to- ,^5 legislation fee has been detals a galaxy of 71 navy and marine j-etuined to the giadV 12 members uating students All University The show offers a fast moving pjopeity must be returned to the rescript, which features plenty of ^pective departments by January 1, “salty” jokes and plenty of top hit 1944^ financial obligations,
tunes of the day The V 12 orchestra handles the musical problems and a German band adds to the
show
Built Around Melodrama The show is built around a fa nrous melodrama and has been made freedom The fact that emotional attitudes change slowly and that consequently the race question is a long time piobleiii does not mean that we should behave passively Dr Dorsey closed his lecture with a plea for a scientific approach to the problem and he stressed that we all have a stake in humanity and we must agree with the age old maxims such as “I am my brother’s keeper ” and “love thy neighbor as thyself ” A shoit discussion followed the lectuie and it was pointed out that this IS a social problem and one about which we must be active and not just passive and defeatist Dr Dorsey agreed with this concept
not only to the University but to individuals, must be fulfilled. Theses were to have been turned in and diploma fees paid by December 28 Classes for graduating seniors will end Saturday INTERVIEWS FOR NAVY V5 Lt A L Wimmer and Navy V5 Flight Board will conduct inteiMews and examinations at the University on Thursday and Friday, January 6 and 7 AH men interested sign up for interviews m Personnel Office by Wednesday, January 5 —W E VOGLER. lued of hut, tups on load marches two Camp Stewart GIs caipe up with harmonicas and now keen their platoons going on hillbilly music. Puzzling the camp’s Shoot ’em Down, which forwards the knowledge, IS the question of where a GI gets enough wind to spare for a haimomca on long tramps
Notices
Pi lau SiLma McttinL Wednscedaj D<.c 2) lo 1 m 10 m ^01 (( th Union LIcc lion ot ntw mcmbcFb will be hold I VANS Till Beta Pi MetUni, Ihinsdav Dec JO it 1 in 1 (m 0 of the Union EVANS Distinguished Students lielunds iicav il ibl it the cashi i b office S immci semes It 1 h no» stul nts whi hive not icceived th fill I fun 1 ni ly then rcmaininj., fif t 11 d llai 1 \ e nk, me r I 11 n HOLI LNSBL All Students N w Ye n s I \ laitv will It luld fi m ) t 1 i m in the leeication 1 oms ol tl Uiiveisilv Pitsbyteiun Cl i(h bv y n( 1 wtlc me to join in the mi Ii H,ht 1 lie hmtnl ml entertainment SI OBEY
Classified
Ads
Money to Loan—On diamonds wqtches Runs 1 iRtaj^e tvpewnttrb Alberti Loan Office 107 Columbia rypewriters—Adding michincb all makes old tinted n palled nnd puiehased Mimco Br iph woik done C P Ebeishoff 605 Main lalajette Phone 2779
Wesley To in 1 ilion 1 p ik n the tl { e tl All hie invited
I W iller tein Russia Demo BAIST EY
All Sports Worke ,eh lule It w )l 1 1 la> I h 11 11\ Ot V New ^ lai s tdffjon
i Neiy ne wh is i h uld rep it t t wi ik n special SMITH
CimI 1 iiRineers ASCL meeting lue lav J in 1 -JO J m H ivilon Hall Coloi aid ml m vi tn Airi it md Ptnnsvl villi 11 11 I il et n tl icti n All s i vice mt n md eivilims int lested m this field iie iLc 1 t itt r I I Rlli \G University lown Meetint, ( loup will meet t div J1 irsd li D e iO it I ] m at
Alpha /eta 1 le 1r< m ctne. Thinsday Det 10 m 1 tm Ml f the Union it ( 10 1 m SHI RWOOD YA^ ( A Cabinet Meeting Ihuisday Dec itJlji rn HAHNENSILIN Debris Salesmen MeetinT, li^iisdiv Dec 10 t *1 J m f ill 1 IS is wh hive soli I k Sal s Itoks w 1! b ledistiibuted Be theie GUELSTROM Ceies MeetiiR luesdiy Im 1 0 30 p m m Old Chestnut Rtom in Union WANN Catalynt Cliih Initiatidi Ihuisdav Dec 10 A tives ml plede, m et at Chemical 1 nRineci iiTR buildin,-, it i n 1 leeLes hi UTR full i) X anti t)wel B jr mpt —CAUNT
Best Wishes for a HAPPY NEW YEAR from the
ROOMS TO RENT? The Easiest Way To Reach Purdue Students IS A CLASSIFIED AD 9 in THE PURDUE EXPONENT