'
« ^ i
« ^ i
MERRY-GO.-ROUND Discusses Roosevelts ) 4th Term Rumors
EDITORIAL Lauds Al Stewart's Personality, Production
Established 1889
Buy War Bonds
Volume 56, No. 4
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, May 6,
V-1, V-7 Announces Refunds; Training Plans V’s Get Special frosh, Sophoiiiores Urged 1250 Reservists Rates, Prexy Jq Attend Exponent Callout Enroll July 1 ced by the President’s office yesterday that Five hundred basic and 750 engineering V-1, Y-1 ai
It was announced
and V-12
students who are enlisted in the V-1, V-7 and V-12 naval train- All freshman, sophomore and junior eds and coeds interested in working on any of the Navy, Marine andi Coast Guard Reservists will be enrolled in ing programs, and have registered in the University for this many staffs of the Exponent are urged to report this afternoon at the Exponent office, sub- the University beginning July 1 on active duty under the Navy semester, and who were unable to schedule classes in the inten- basement of the Union, at 4:15 p. m. College Training Program, the Bureau of Naval Personnel of miffed courses, will be refunded their registration fees except Don Brewer, Managing Editor, will be present to wekom'e prospective workers and explain the Navy Department has announced. for the five dollar registration fee. The refunds will be sent to the general set-up and working policies of the campus newspaper. The 1250 reservists will include approximately four-fiftha
them in the near future. Students who have registered for this semester in the eight week intensified courses, which will terminate around July 1, will be charged a five dollar regisUation fee plus fifty per cent of the fees they would normally pay. Students who have registered for the full semester but transferred to the intensified course will be refunded their funds accordingly. The date when the refunds can be collected at the Cashier’s office will be announced in the Exponent next week. Goodyear Offers Coeds Engineering Training Program Goodyear Aircraft Corporation, Akron, Ohio, has announced a six months’ junior engineer college training program for qualified college women which will begin about June 1. Women wishing information about the course may schedule an appointment with a repi’esentative of the company tomorrow by calling the Placement Sei-vice for Women, 2955, at once. Qualifications Qualifications for applicants include above average intelligence, college credits in 'elementary mathematics including algebra and plane and solid geometry, ability to pass a physical examination and documentai-y evidence of citizen-
ship.
Fifty dollars per month will be paid to each student while in training with tuition, boai'd and loom in sorority houses or dormitories being paid for by the company. However, each student will be expected to pay for her own texts and instruments. offers Lectures, Literature To supplement the University training, members of the Goodyear engineering departments will preseht lectures, motion pictures, slides, and current literature desciibing the actual work under way at the aircraft corporation. The students will be considered as Goodyear employees and will be expected to observe the company rules and regulations yhile in teaming. Retention in the training group will depend upon satisfactory performance. After completion of the course, the junior engineers will be employed in the various engineering departments of the corporation with the company paying their transportation to Akron. Freshmen Will Elect AWS Representatives AWS electrons for freshmen representatives will be held Thursday, May 13. All new coeds should turn in petitions signed by twenty-five freshmen giils by Tuesday at the west desk of the Union or at North Hall office. This is for all first and second semester ficshmen and only freshmen may vote by show of passports. The form to be used is as follows: “We the undersign, do heioby nominate for the office of freshmen representative for the summer term —•” All Students Book Exchange is now paying for books. All money must be collected by Wednesday, May 12. —GEE
Buck To Present^Bring 'Em Back Alive' At First Convocation Series Tomorrow
Program To Feature Pictures; Lecture Frank Buck, explorer, ad-
venturer and collector of wild animals from the four corner.s of the earth, will present a program of motion pictures supplemented by lectures at two convocations in the Music Hall tomorrow, one at 3:30 pv m. for the public school children, and one in the evening at 7:30 for stu-
dents.
Admittance By Schedule Card Admittance to the convocation will be by registration schedule card stamped by the registrar, for students, and by regular season ticket, 01 single admittance of .55 for townspeople and faculty mem-
bers.
Buck has earned the title of the “Bring ’Em Back Alive” man as a result of his humane hunting with his chief purpose being to capture animals alive and return them to civilization for exhibition in zoos. He has always been interested in wild life, earning his way through school by capturing rattlesnakes. He made his first trip to the jungles of South America in 1911, but later on he decided to concentrate his efforts in capturing the animals of
Asia.
Many “Firsts” Using Singapoi’e as his headquarters for many years. Buck has crossed the Pacific Ocean 45 times. He has many “firsts” among animal captives to his credit, among others being the biggest king cobra ever captured alive, the babirussa, rarest of wild swine; and the siamang givvon, largest of the gibbon
apes.
W'orld’s Fair Show “Jiingleland”, a large collection of wild animals, was maintained by him at the World’s Faid in New York. Besides being'^one of the best-known wild animal hunters, he is the author of seven best sellers, his latest book being his biography “All in a Lifetime’i. He has produced many motion pictures, and a request for audience comment on one of his recent radio programs brought over 100,000 letters in reply.
Stark Joins Forestry Staff E. W. Stark, formerly chief of the division of Foiest Products Research, 'Texas Forest Service, has been appointed as an assistant professor in the school of Forestiy according'to an announcement by Prof. E. R. Martell yesterday. | Prof. Stark graduated from the University in 1932 and then took graduate work at the New York state college of Forestry. He will instruct a course in wood utilization and perform research on plywood and veneer and theii uses in aircraft, plastics and other forest
products.
Lf. (jg) Lee Somers . . . loth company commander at the Naval training school here, has been promoted from the rank of Ensign recently. He cntei-ed active Isei-vice in May 1942 and received his indoctrination tea in ing at Notic Dame and has had previous duty at Richmond, Va. He sei’ves in the capacity of Welfare officer and Shore Patrol officer at the school.
Engineer Calls For New Workers In Union Today
Your Purdue Engineer will hold callouts for all interested students today at 4 p. m. in the Enigineer
office, room 380 of the Union.
Students on the staff of the engineer are offered excellent opportunity to gain experience in the fields of journalism and business. The Engineer is operated entirely by the students and is published
monthly thioughout the year. Business Staff Position^
Positions on the staff include business staff, concerned with keeping books, selling and making up local ads, and circulation. On the editorial staff the members are in charge of proof reading, make up, writing, correspondence, and campus news within the societies. The Engineer was founded in 1905 as the Purdue Engineering Review. Since that time the Engineer has developed from an annual to a monthly publication. The paper is entirely self supporting and relies upon its advertising rather than subscription rates to cover
printing costs. Member Of Ecma
The Engineer is a member of the ECMA (Engineering College Magazine Association), which held its annual convention here at the Uni-
versity last year.
Gadettes ai'e welcome to join the staff as well as co-eds. Maury Mabn ... and his orchestra will play for the mixer this Saturday night in both ballrooms of the Union. The dance will start at 8:30 and last until 11:30 p. in. Regular mixer night prices will be chaiged. Summer Passports Forms for the summer passyiorts have not yet arrived from the printer, and all students who attend the Frank Buck Convocation on Friday night will be required to show their summer term receipt for payment of fees.
—GOLDSMITH
In past years, the Exponent has issued only calls for workers to sophomore eds and coeds, however, because of the present manpower and coedpower shortage, the editors of the paper are giving equal chances for advancement to frosh and junior eds and coeds as well. No Experience Bob Boswinkle, Editor-in-Chief, has stated specifically that no pi'evious experience is necessary to work on the Exponent. A short Exponent style school will give instruction to workers and several weeks of experience will be all that is necessary to make them familial with the paper’s general policies. Three main staffs compose the general managerial set-up of the paper. There are at present openings on the editorial staff, the business staff, and the sports staff. Editorial workers serve as campus reporters, re-write men, proofreaders, and head-writers. Theie are unlimited feature story possibilities on the ed staff for workers interested. Business staff duties range through circulation, accounting, and ad selling, with opportunity for meeting Lafayette business men in actual contact work. Members of the sports staff offer personal contact with the men behind Boilermaker athletics—interviews with the coaches themselves. Other duties, instructions, etc., will be explained in this afternoon’s meeting in the Exponent office in the Union. All intei'ested are urged to attend! WAA To Hold First Outing WAA will hold the first outing of the summer semester, Tuesday evening. May 11 when all |iew freshmen, Curtiss Wright, RCA, Wright Field, and upperclass girls are invited to attend informal picnic. ' This summer get-together will be held at the WAA cabin located about a mile from the campus. Girls will meet at the gym attired in sports costume at 5:00 p. m. to hike out to the cabin in a group. There will be no business meeting; this is entirely a social affair and will not last late. Entertainment will be in the form of eating and singing. Tickets are now on sale and may be purchased from any WAA council member or at the WAA office in the gym for 35c per person. Ticket sales will close Monday noon. May
10. .
Lord Halifax Cancels Visit To University Due To Important Meeting In Washington
Consul Expresses ^ Minister's Regrets W. H. Gallienne, British
Consul General in Chicago, announced yesterday that Lord Halifax, Bjfitish Ambassador to the United States, has been forced to cancel his proposed visit to the University next Tuesday. Lord Halifax has ^had to cancel other engagements throughout the Middle West due to an important meeting called in
Washington, D. C.
In a telephone conversation with Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the Pi’esident, the Consul General expressed considerable disappointment over the necessity of cancelling the visit. Lord Halifax had expressed considerable interest in the opportunity to visit the campus and inspect the manifold war efforts of
the University. Guest Of Honor
Adivities Bureau To Hold Callout Monday Afternoon Activities Bureau will hold its first callout Mmday afternoon, May 10 at 4 p. m.Tn the Bureau office on the second iloor of the Union
room 356.
Under Direction Of Marge Libbert The Bureau is now under the direction of Marge Libbert, Pi Beta Phi, with Judy Jones, Kappa Alpha Theta, as coed executive. Esther Gonelley, Jack Renbarger, and Bill Moore are junior managers for the
summer.
Freshmen interviews are the main projects of Activities Bureau. These interviews Will be started within the next two weeks at Cary
Hall.
The Bureau keeps a complete record of all organized activities on the campus. This list serves as a guide to those who are interested in working on a particular activity. Surveys Conducted Surveys are also conducted by Activities Bureau. The latest survey on the oponions of the students of activities during war has just been completed and the results have been published. Freshmen and sophomores are eligible for callout. The Bureau wijl meVt only I three times a week for this semester. Those who are interested in trying out for Activities Bui’eau are asked to come to the callout next Monday. If it is impossible to come to tfiis meeting, please see Marge I^iibbert, or one of the other officers, who will furnish the necessary information about the callout. Freshmen have an equal chance with the sophomoi’es to secure junior jobs. Lf. R, K. Hime \ . . a former University student in engineering, has been reported missing since April 18. Lt. Hime was a junior in Purdue when he left for service, and having received his commission as first Lieutenant in the American Air Force, was stationed in the South Pacific Area for a year and a half.
The British Ambassador was to have been the guest of honor at a luncheon next Tuesday noon as well as the speaker before a special convocation in the afternoon. It was also announced yesterday by Professor Gunn, chairman of the committee on lectures and convocations, that the appearance at the University of Rose Bampton, leading soprano of the Metropolitan Opera Association, on the summer term convocat.ion program, which was originally scheduled for May 14, has been postponed until Friday, June 4. Summer Series Opens The summer convocation series opens tomorrow with the two appearances in the Hall of Music by Frank Buck, of “Bring ’Em Back Alive” fame, who will lecture to public school children at 3:30 p. m. and before the student body and general public at 7:30 p. m. Professor Gunn pointed out that season tickets for the general public for the summer convocation program, priced at $2.75 each, including- tax, are now on sale at the Cashier’s Office in the Executive BuilcHflg-, or can be obtained at the office of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce in the Wallace Building. The usual prices of $1.10 per concert and 55 cents per lecture will be charged for single convocations.
of the students now enrolled in the University untfer tie V-1, V-7, Coast Guard and Marine Corps Reserves plus a relatively small number of freshmen under the V-12 program and a number of reservists who are now enrolled in schools or universities not approved for the Navy training. Pre-Meds Not To Return Here Pre-medical reservists now enrolled in the University will be assigned to an institution which has been approved for pre-medical training. The basic training will include students enrolled in such fields as the science and agricidture schools. Engineering specialists, medical and dental, students will he permitted to complete the work for their degrees with accredited colleges apd universities being required to offer three 16-week semesters in each calendar year beginning on or about July 1. Lists Further Training Permitted Those students who are selected for training to^ qualify as engineers for general duty, deck, supply, or Marine Corps general duty will be permitted to complete one additional semester if they have already completed six or seven semesters of college, two more semesters if they have already completed four or fivfe semesters, three more if they have already completed two or three semesters and four more if they have completed only one semester of college before entering the Navy Training Program. Only entering V-12 freshmen,will be required to take the new, fully prescribed V-12 curricula although all other reservists will be in the same military status as those involve(^ in the V-12 program. However, it is hoped that the upperclassmen will wish to include, as many of the V-12 subjects as possible. Will Not Disrupt Training Under such a regulation, the primary purpose of the Navy College Training Program, which is to d^rupt as little as possible the academic work of reservists now in college, will be fulfilled. It will also allow university administrations and faculty to shift to the fully prescribed V-12 program gradually since there will be only a relatively small number of entering freshmen required to take the fully presi^faed program. University Will Offif Refresher Course
Coeds Take Over Waiters', Maids
Work In Women's Residence Halls
Albert To Head To PE Instructors
Oregon State E. E. School
By Ruth Ford What part have coeds found and, made for themselves in the war effort? Many in the last year have knit for the men in the service, sold wai' stamps, worked for the Red Cross, donated blood and parted with their old silk stockings. Many, this summer, have found work in defense industries in their home comnlunities, instead of continuing Vith their school woik. Coeds living in the Woman’s Residence Halls last semester were confronted with the problem of the shortage of maids and waiters. Girls gained valuable training for future home economics work by helping in the kitchen with the preparation of food, waiting on table and washing dishes. Girls volunteeis to straighten lounges and clean the corridors. This summer the situation has
become even worse. Even though meals are being served m only two of the halls instead of the usual three, there are not enough maids, kitchen boys and waiters to do the required work satisfactorily. To relieve the situation the girls in the halls have been asked to donate two of their free hours every week to doing woik in the hall. Washing Dishes Interesting ^ The work that the residents do for the most part is that which wa^ done previously by the eds who were employed by the halls. Now the girls set up the tables for lunch and dinner, clear the tables after meals and wash the dishes. Washing dishes has proven to be one of the most interesting experiences for the coeds for it is the first time that most of them have been introduced to a dish wgsher. Dish
washing resolves itself to tlie task of putting dishes into a machine and drying them as they come out the other side. Some of the girls are using their time in cleaning rooms which are used generally by all the gills in the hall. They are the ones who keep the grill dusted as well as the corridoVs and the lounges upstairs. Not Only WRH WRH girls are not the only coeds on the campus who have had extra duties because of the war. Kappas are in complete charge of keeping their house in order. Work is divided into committees. Pi Phis are eating their meals cafeteria style as are the Alpha Xis and Residence Hall girls. Delta Gammas and Thetas are having more responsibiljjjiy in keeping their rooms and dorms in order.
Prof. Arthur L. Albert member of the Electrical engineering staff for the past year, will leave for Oregon state college to take up thq position of head of the Electrical Engineeiing department, according to a statement from the school of Electrical Engineering. Prof. Albert, teaching at the University while! on leave from the Oregon State college, has been recalled to fill the position vacated by Prof. F. 0. McMillan, head of the EE depaitment there, who has been sent by the United States Department of State to China to assist with a program in engineering education being started by the Chinese government. During the past year, Pro. Albert has been teaching courses in ultra high frequency to army and naval officers, also electronics and industrial electronics for the War Train itig department of which he has been a member since January.
Beginning next Monday aud running until May 29, the University will offer an intensive three week refresher course for men and women who teach physical education. The course will be divided into three parts, the first will he two weeks long and will include such things as organization and methods of teaching physical education for wartime needs including the theory and practice of games, stunts, rythmic g y m nasties, apparatus, achievement tests, physical fitness tests, folk dancing, and marching. Staff Members To Instruct The last week, which may be taken as a separate course by those who desire one hour of credit instead of three the amount given for the entire course, will consist of work in health instruction over such subjects as nutrition, sex hy--* giene, communicable diseases, mental hygiene, personal hygiene, 0d
physical fitness.
Classes in the intensive eourae will be given every day fromfitotfi in the morning by members Oi^t^ regular staff members of the, versity physical education stafttuI "
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, May 6, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Off{e<is‘ fditoHal And Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 CditdHal Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
Ronorkry Grtitor Ronorari* Bditor RonoAry Bu«incss Manager ( With the Colors
William G Hoskins Dale E Butz Gerhard H Klouman
Manaeor
initneM Ma Retrssanbv
Managrine Editor Advertising MBnager
Sparta Editor Coed Editor
Robert W Boswinkle James G Petty Salty Beall Donald E Brewer A Jane Keim Joseph S Dawson Jean Lauer
I
'll 4
Publication Staff
£}ditorial Staff
Auociift Ji B Abbott C C MarlmdcII E F ^iir
phy W If W L Vormihon C J Wilbur SUff Ruth Ford Madelyn Gi*otiies Kathonne Howos
Sports Staff R M 1 ipc'^ R J Smith C I Souards S A
Watson
\ , t * iJjjl, Business Staff Assistant Adverfisinr Manager C L Gaunt Layout Director J B Tabb CircnUtion Mana cr R G Saucrman Accounta Manager Mory Dilts
E4ltor-in*Chicf
The Pt rdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Nigbt ISditor Vermilion Issue Editor Ward Day Editor Hones Sports Editor Smith Reporters StefTes Bayne Spotk Georpeson
Entered as second class matter at the post office in L&fay ette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at thd siiecial rate of postage provided for m section 1108 act of October 6 191” authorized January 20 1922 PobBsheS on Tuesday Thursday nnd Saturday mornings dur ing Uje year Delivered locally bv carrier for $1 25 for a semesteas- by mail for $1 60 for a semester Reprasented for national advertising by National Advertis ing Seiv^ Ihc College Pubhshtrs Representatives 420 Madison Me. New York N Y
Ode To At, Man Of Music . . . Today we found an excuse to write an editorial about A1 Stewart One doesn’t have to have excuses to wiite editorials, but it helps, and today, when we found that A1 Stewart is going to help with the fiftieth anniversary celebrajtion of the founding of Columbian Park in Lafayette, we decided that this fact was the excuse we weie waiting foi A1 Stewart, at the University, is thought of by many, as “the man who brought music to Purdue” As with many great men, however, his admueis aie of vaiious paths of life and they admire him for diffeient reasons Agrieultuial Hoosierland thinks of A1 Stewart as “the man who brought music to rural Indiana’’’ Al, you know, after he started the Tippecanoe County Home Economics Choi us, watched rural women in nearby counties catch on to the idea of singing when they got together, and helped groups of women all over Indiana start similar organizations This is all part of Al’s attempt to dispel the idea that the city limits and cultuie are synomonus < The portion of the 400 students which Al Stewart directs thinks of him as “the man who makes life at Purdue moie enjoyable”, for although a strict displmaiian, Al Stewart’s theme is: “No fun without music, no music without fun” Music lovers might thing of Al as “the director who consistently has winning groups” This fact IS proved by the splendid record Al’s clubs have made at the Chicago Music Festival and in the nawoiuO ,,iee club contest last year. Al is constant!J- excelling in loutine work For instance tonight he is taking his glee club, formed less than a week, down to Indianapolis to appear before a laige American Legion group The religious convocations, the conventions in the Union, the varied programs in the Music Hall, the programs at high schools, and the appearances at other types of programs in which the groups directed by Al Stewart participate spread the good will of Purdue University far and wide The thing most people like about Al Stewart, though, besides his handsome profile and clear voice, are the spectacular ideas he puts across Most notable is the Dorothy Lamour War bond show Twenty thousand people, chilled’ by the cold September breezes, sat in the stadium for over two hours and listened to Al m c the show he had spent weeks in arranging Spectacular part of the gigantic sho^ that night, for many people, was not Dottie Lamour’s appearance, but the unexpected, brilliant horseshoe of light made in the dark stadium, when Al directed all the search lights turned off and every spectator to light a match Al’s actions effect the emotions of many people This was demonstrated at the “Songfest” a few weeks ago when Al had the parents w>ith sons in the Army stand while the audience sang “Ihe Caisson Song” and dedicated it to them Teal s rolled down the cheek of a little old woman standing close to where we were sitting We don’t know for sure what Al has m mind for the dedication ceremony on Memonal Day, but Al’s portion of it, we’ll bet, will be done in his tyiifeH<l|#acular style—r.w b
qiie mmw News—7 mirt.
, tjfi U i P,l OH MERRY-GO-ROUND By DREW RtARsbli ' Democratic Party Leaders Decide On 1944 Election Policy; Attempt To keep Two-Thirds Senate Seats WASHINGTON—Democratic party ehieftiails have secretly decided on twd majoYs points of strategy for the 1944 election canTlraign First—Not to talk about a 4th term for President Roosevelt The strategy is, “Mum’s the word” regarding the President Speeches by prominent Demo ciats urging him to run again will be taboo from now on Second—Democratic leadcis have decided to con centrate activities duiing the campaign on keeping a two thuds majority in the Senate to support the President on the peace treaty (The House does not vote on treaties) It passed unnoticed, but there was a tell tale illustration of the “no 4th term talk” strategy at a recent dinner in Philadelphia for the Democratic organization of Eastern Pennsylvania New Deal Senator Joe Guffey of Pennsylvania made an all-out 4th term speech, but three speakers who followed him—Democratic National Chairman Frank Walker, Attorney General Fiancis Biddle and former Representative Joseph Casey, a White House adviser—didn’t bieathe a word about a 4th term Walker’s lecent tup through the nation, made to tap poltical sentiment convinced him that it will be very difficult foi the Democrats to letain then slim ma joiity in the House next year That is why Walker and his associates have decided to concentiate on the Senate In doing so, Walkei will not hesitate to cioss party lines and suppoit Re publican candidates (behind the scenes, of couise) who can be counted on to back up the Piesident’s peace policies One GOP candidate the Democratic leadership will definitely suppoit Is Ernest M Hopkins president of Daitmouth College, who will lun against isolationist Senatoi Chailes Tobey in the New Hampshire Repub ncan primary next year Henry Likes Traveling As Vice President Wallace was saying good bye on his trip to South America, he asked Mrs Laurence Duggan, wife of the State Department’s Latin Amer lean export who was accompanying him ‘Mis Duggan, is there anything you want me to do for your husband’” ‘Ml Vice Piesident” leplied Mis Duggan tact fully, “my husband is a man who needs a lot of sleep ” On the tup which followed howevei, neither Dug gan noi Wallace got much sleep They weio on the go night and day—leceptions speeches plane hops, more receptions, moie speeches Howevei when they ai rived home both looked extiemely well Bionzed as an Inca Indian Wallace had lost ton pounds nevei was in bettci health Since then he has been getting up aiound 5 30 eveiy morning to tiansplant vegetables m his sistei’s gar den She and her husband, the Swiss Minister, live not far fiom Wallaces hotel and he goes by there every morning for an hour s work before breakfast A farmer all his life, Henry misses the feel of the earth on his fingers Surplus Sailors Wai Shipping Admmistiation has been nursing an internal dispute ovei the vexatious problem of providing seamen foi the new Libcity ships Two oi thiee officials aie resigning, otheis are wilting memos in a high state of emotion Aceoiding to then heated charges, WSA is training thousands of apprentices for non existent jobs is hold ing these young chaft age men idle and is conspiiing to chive the maitime unions fiom the sea According to one confidential memo, written by prolabor officials inside the War Shipping Administration, the Training Division has been overstaffed in a frantic effort to build a backlog of 10,000 men for maritime training, before the Army, Navy or draft boards can get their hands on them, largely to head off the unions The chaige is that if the ships aie manned with new men they will be moie tiactable and will follow the “service line” rather than the “laboi line ” In broad outlines, the luction is an expression of the mutual distrust existing between maitime unions and the Navy The WSA tiaimng piogiam is bung ing thousands ot new seamen into the industiy who till eaten to upset union domination In fact so many tiainees have been biought in that thousands of them aie cooling their heels waiting for beiths which cannot be piovided because sixty pei cent of all ciews must be expeiienced men MeUntime pio Union WSA officials claim that many tiained and expeiienced seamen in othei jobs aie not being called to maritime seivice They aie union membei s “It IS fairly cleai ’ says one memo, ‘that the Ti am mg Division opposes the infusion into the Mei chant Maiine ot anything but new blood ot its-own peculiai type count and coloi The question is, why’” The indignant official answeis the question as foi lows ‘ If it IS because the independent chaiactei of the experienced Ameiican meichant seaman is subveisive to the best inteiests of the Ameiican Mei chant Mai me then the majoiity of the men who sail the ships today aie light in suspecting that the gov eminent is building a leseive of moie tiactable men to diive them tiom the sea ” Another Farmer Fieshman Repiesentative Chailes E McKenzie of Louisiana expected to get a fust hand lepoit on the wai in the Fai East when he shook hands with his most distinguished constituent, Gen Claiie Chennualt leader of Ameiican toices in China, who is visiting in the United States But the ‘I ighting Tigei ’ almost fiooied McKenzie by inquiiing ‘How’s faiming down home' 1 can’t wait to get back to my plantation ’ McKenzie leplied that he had just letuined fiom Louisiana, that faimeis in his distiict were doing “veiy well” consideung the shoitage of laboi and machineiy Did you sec my place in Concoiclia Paiish’” asked Chennualt anxiously ‘You bet, Geneial ” icplied McKenzie, “and I can icpoit that It IS one ot the most beautiful and best legulated plantations m Louisiana Id like to live theie myself, on the banks of Lake St John ” Note While Chennualt IS at wai his Louisiana faim IS being managed by his wiJe and chikhen (Copyiight, 1941, by United I catuie Syndicate Inc )
News—7 mill. 3:36—4:49 Portrait ot a Genius—10 min. 3:43—4:56 Climbing the Peak—-10 ttiin. 3:53—5:06 U. S. Navy Band—10 min. 4:03—5:16 Screen Snapshots (Stokowski)—10 min. 3:00—4:13—^51:22 Monkey Doodle Dandies—9 mm. 3:10—4:23—5:36 Fighting Spirit—10 min. 3:19—4:32—5:45 Donald’s Tyre Trouble—7 min. 3:29—4:42—5:55
Out—6:02
I am a faithful followei of the weekly Screen Review In five se mesteis I have only missed about three peifoimances That shows, I believe that I appreciate the enter tainment ofieied by the show But also this attendance has given me time to look at the piogiara ciiti cally Heie aie a few suggestions I should like to make for appioval oi disapproval by otheis I believe that some features have been ovei played and have lost then alluie lypical examples are the Community Sing pictures and the Travelogues about India and Mexico Featuies which seem to have much populai ippeal oi aio useful eveiy time aie constituted by the cartoons Cind the new si eels The news di iinati/itioii of The Maich of Tune ’ is also a gieat attiaction Spoits leviews and Populai Science Cl cations aie also populai Yet something seems to be lack mg We have had a few good ex amples of the type of pictuio which I believe many would appie ciate Just to mention a few—the lecent film about Leonaido da Vinci, the shoit depicting the fa mous shoit stoiy ‘The Lady oi the Tiger 01 the ‘lell tale Heart’— gave most of us a lot of enjoyment 1 think that many would appieciate an effort to inciease the quota of such diamatical or biogiaphical films I hape that otheis will add then suggestions to mine in oidei to help the haid working membeis of the committee which selects the films foi oui enjoyment Sinceiely Youis Hans H Woi msei
ARC TODAY THRU SATURDAY
PLUS—SECOND HIT UlS ANDREWS iantDS ElUSQN Ctiariotte GREENWOOD.Ctiarlie RUGGIES
xmNeturNOW {UdSAom SMotsmfs mmH mwY MiduuVsimm JAMES CRAIG • MARSHA HUNT • FAY BAINTER RAY COLLINS • VAN JOHNSON • DONNA REED/ 'JACK JENKINS-DOROTHY MORRIS-JOHN CRAVENt ANN AYARS • MARY NASH • HENRY O’NEILL
ONE WEEK STARTING TODAY
THRILLS! New adventureK
Basil RATHBONE Nigel BRUCE
OS Shoflock Holmes
SHmmKmmis iNwmmnN 6osc(/ on It e ctia gefe sc al J by Sir ARTHUR CONAN DOYLE MARJORIE lORP JOHN ARCHER DON TERRY GEORGE ZUCCO HENRY DANIELL MARS TODAY-TOMORROW
Personnel Notes Companies stiheduled to visit the campus The Monaich Machine Tool Co, Sidney, Ohio—Inteiosted in ME not eligible to diaft Sign in Peisonnel Office by Situiday, May 8 McDonnell Aiiciaft Corporation, St Louis Mo—Intelested in Engi neeis Sign m Peisonnel Office by Saturday, May 8 The Elective Spiayit Co , Sheboygan Wis—Interested in MB; EE Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, May 11 Baibci Colman Co , Ilockfoicl 111 —Inteiosted in EE, physicists Placement' Notes For Women Gill Scouts announce a $500 oi $1000 scholaiship to a woman intei ested in woiking on hei master’s degree and who docs hei field woik in the Gul Scout office Anyone in tei ested should call Placement Seivice foi Women, 2956 at onz-e loi fuithei infoimation md details The Purdue Exponent Avill be published on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays throughout the summer term. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union at p.25 a semester.
Looking Around
By Jack Abbfett
There has been far too many deaths among the United States high officers The Army, of course, is willing to report on its findings about these airplane crashes, but it would make interesting reading after the war to know just what faults were present to cause the death of such men as General Andrews and the former head of our air force m Australia The cause Wight he in the plane, m the pilot, or m the adverse weather conditions The peopie of the United States at one attiude about holding the land time wondered what was the m then possession as long as thefe President’s idea in creating so ib one man left among them to fire many high military officers ® ^un Hitler has leahzed the conMavbp this IS thp answer the sequences of this do oi die attitude Maype tms is tne answer, tne attempting to keep Piesident and his ffiihtaiy advisors Rg^j^gj g^pphed with as many Ifiw that theie would be a gieat fighting men as Rommel has likelihood that many deaths would ^j,,gg fi^^g occui among the high militaiy pei ^ ^^gfg^g ^.^g
sonnel and with a numbei of high officers on tap, so to speak, theie would always be a competent officer to fill a death vacancy
XXX
Soldiers returning from so|ne of the War fronts have complained bit terly about the lack of food that has been sent them These bo>s reported that the food they were served was supposed to be used with a well balanced meal and not as the mam course day and night J his seems to be only ohe of the bottlenecks that our soldiers have bitterly complained about when they have returned from some of the less accessible IVar theatres Ihe Thiir man Committe should begin to ask questions abom these reports and find out if there is any basis of fact
in them XXX
All loads lead to Tunis and Bi zeite seems to be the geneial plan of the battle that is being waged against the Germans and Italians in the land of the Caithagenians The only trouble that the Allies have been encounteiing up to the piesent time is the German do oi
of a long stoiy, and it tnay be a month before Rommel will pull up his tail and fly off to better hunting grounds Pioving that all feminine hi am powoi IS not stnctly ‘solid”, an RCA cadette asked it “shops ’ was Michael Golden s last name Patronize Exponent Advertisers
LEARN TO DANCE BEGINNER'S CLASS WED., MAY 5, 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS THURS.,MAY 6,7:00 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN S 6lh and Ferry
New undef-arm # Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men s shirts Does not irritate skin 2. No waiting to dry Can be used • right after shaving 3. Instandy stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days Prevents odor 4. A pure white, greaseless stainless vanishing cream 5. Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Launder ing for being harmless to
/
/user TOM
Tom IS an expcditoi foi a New fdscy vv ir [ilant All day long, he contacts siippluis and siilii onli ulois by long Distance. "Aie the castings leady'' OK New Oilcans ” "Hello Detioit, have tlioSe pails been sbippid'”’ "Have you leceivcd iJie biass ji t, Atlanta^” Uigent wai calls like Tom’s aic (lowding Long Distance lines,’round the clock And llu load is me teasing daily. Won’t you help us give war calls llu iigbl of way by obsciving these simple lules 1. Make only netessaiy Long Distance calls U. H you must call, plan youi c onveisation. 3. When jou find the ciicuil busy, cancel join call if possible Thank jou foi your help
I
Jit
' J
s ^
K *5
a^
0^ : -^Vf
J
m.
u
Soihrnmfier Sports
til II — iiiiiiiiit ;iiiti>Wiiii:; Opens ConFerence S^iiei
Trackmen To Hold First ,1 .. /s r I Squad Trims Liftle Home Meet On Saturday Giants'Nine To Two
liAfamiirai Office , ' i Ni^eds Managers F&t Ward Sports Ward Managers are needed to fill Vacancies in the Intramurals Dejpgrtment for the Summer term. ThVse vacancies must be filled as qtJ}^l|ly as possible to meet the qmlBUal summer demand for int>*a(tiWal activities. sit the duty of the Ward Manager to organize all those boys in his who are interested in form, in^ q‘team for participation in f y^VipUs iptramural tournamentsT Ward Manager acts in the cap^'i^lty of both coach and manager. Ij'ipi'ic^ical coi’respondence from ttli? Intramural office provides the W^l’4 Mgaagers with the necessary ipf^Hnafion as to the schedule of gct|v|tles and the time and place his teijtp will play. - Ax^olrding to the registration, thefe aVe enough boys registered in eaCli of the usual Ward'^livisions to support teams in most of the inttartmral sports. Most of the Co-op Hdustes will be able to organize teafns also. By virtue of the Ward Mahagershif) system, many students are given the advantages of engaging in supeiwised athletic contests withgood equipment which they could not'otherwise possess. Anyone interested in organizing a team in any One of the Wards or Co-op
Herm Phillip’s track squad will make its first home appearance of the outdoor season on Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock in a quadrangular meet with Indiana, Northwestern, and Chicago. Despite the fact that the Hoosiers may lose some of their outstanding performers to the armed services before the week-end, the. Indiana squad, victor in the sixteam meet at Northwestern last Saturday, will rule as the favotite to repeat here. Hlad With Maroons icago will be reinforced by the urdling ability of Chas. “Whitey” Hlad, world record breaking timber topper who is now an anny meteorology cadet at the Maroon institution, while Northwestern is hopeful that its point strength may be bolstered by Howard Hunt, former national collegiate pole vault campion at Nebi-aska, Who is now a naval midshipman at Evanston, Harvey In Dashes The Boilermakers, with a squad riddled by early commencement and service calls, hardly figure to be a factor in the final standings, althPugh two newcomers, Ben Harvey in the dashes, and Ken Blodgett, in the pole vault, both have good chances in their individual specialties. Houses please contact the Intramural Office,' No. 2875, and information regarding this work will be given you. This should be done before the end of the week.
In their third game of the season last Tuesday at Crawfordsville, Coach Dutch Fehrings’ squad of Boilermaker diamond men made it three in a row by trimming the “Little Giants” of Wabash by the very decisive score of 9 to 2. From their half of the second inning the Boilermakers took things pretty much in their own hands, and steadily added to their total of points through the contest. Eddy Timm who first took the mound for the Riveters did a stellar job of hurling, allowed only thi’ee^its, struck out ten men and allowed no walks. Irv Claseman who relieved Timm in the seventh allowed three consecutive walks, and a ground ball drove in one Wabash run. Extra Base Hit Ed Ehlers, Riveter third baseman, nailed the only Boilermaker hit that was good fot extra bases when'he drove out a double in the fifth inning that scored Bill Burkhardt. Ehlers himself scored later on an error. A pair of highlights of the game were: the sensational base stealing of the Boilermakers. Led by Bill Burkhardt, shoitstop, the Riveters stole nine bases, Burhardt copped four of them; the other highlight was a reckless catch made by John Martin, center fielder . In true fiction style, Martin dove headlong after a hard hit fly ball, caught the pill at an extremely low altitude, and somesaulted over onto his back, still holding onto the ball.
More Like Hoitieeoviiiiii^ OrjGala Week In respect to athletic contests, tomorrow and Saturday stack up more like a Homecoming week end or possibly Gala Week. . . . No less than three Boilermaker teams will go into action on the home front this Saturday afternoon—each one at 2 o’clock. Dutch Fehrmg’s high-flying-baseball team, riding on the crest of a three-game winning streak, will be host to the championship Michigan team On both tomorrow and Saturday afternoons, thereby opening the Big Ten season for the Riveters. Coach Claude Reeck’s tennis team, led by veteran Ed Wells, will seek their first 1943 triumph over at Illinois tomorrow afternoon and then will return here Saturday to meet Indiana on the varsity courts back of the baseball field. Tracknten In Quadrangular Meet The Riveter track team will tangle with Northwestern, Chicago and Indiana in a quadrangular meet Satuiday afternoon in the Stadium. In all probability t'he colorful Whitey Hlad, long-legged, blond-headed liurdler, who made such a hit with the crowd here at the Relays last month, will be here with the Chicago team. Well, there you have it, five Big Ten events this week end with four of them right here at home. Michigan Series Mighty Important The series with Ihe Wolverines, starting tomorrow afternoon at 4, will undoubtedly have a strong beaiing on the outcome of the,Conference race even though it is the fiist for the Boilermakers. At the present time Michigan is tied with Wisconsin for the Big Ten lead. A couple of losses this week end would sure mess that up. On the other hand, two decisions either Way foi the Riveters would have a big effect on their title chances. Those eight Big Ten games the Wolverines already have under their belt will give them a decided advantage over Fehiing’s ciew, but the Riveters aren’t conceding a thing. Misselhorn On Mound If he IS given any kind of support tomoirow, Ed Misselhoin, we behove, will be able to stop the hard-hitting Michigan team. Ed has had plenty of lest since he timimed St. Joe last Satuiday, so he should be m fine shape. Irv Claseman will piobably diaw the starting assigniiient Saturday although Timm and Lefiwick will both be" ready
Misselhorn IMvkA h Against Michigan Batters in Contest Tomorrow Afternoon At 4 Undefeated in a trio of pre-conference engagements, the Boilermaker nine will face a stiff assignment as it the Big Ten season against Michigan, co-leader in the current title race, in a pair of home games here tomorrow and Saturdh^y. The Wolverines, who won the conference championship right two years ago and shared honors with Iowa last seasoh, have visions of figuring in the - - ■ -
IM Schedulil
title distribution for the third straight year, and currently share the top rung on the Big
Ten ladder with Wisconsin by TENNIS SINGLES
viitue of three victories and one
defeat.
Riveters Look Good
Despite the fact that only three major lettermen holdovers remain on the Rivel;^!' roster, the Boilermakers have turned in remarkably smooth performances, particularly defensively, so far this season, and Coach Dutch Fehring is hopeful that the squad may be able to halt the Michigan title jaunt. For the opening game tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock, Fehiing plans to start Ed Misselhoin, lone pitching veteran, on the mound. Misselhoin, who worked nicely in the opening victory over St, Joseph, will probably be matched against either Mickey Fishman or living Bonn, Wolveiine veterans, who weie among the leading Big Ten
hurlers last season.
Line-Ups
The piobable batting oideis for
tomorrow follow:
f
It’s Mother who is keeping home as wonderful as ever — and doing her part in the war effort, too! So be sure to rCntember her this Mother’s day with a beautiful gift. We have a wonden 111 collection of the things she wants — all low priced. Come in and pick your gifts — to give today!
SHALIMAR GLOVES $1.00 - $1.50 Shallmars are so sensible—so lovely for Mother. Here you’ll find a nice selection of beautiful fabrics in her favoiite colors.
SHALIMAR MESH NYLON GLOVES White or Navy
100
PRETTY HANKIES 10c to 59c Never fails to tempt Mother — dainty little hankies! Cobweb sheeis, little lacey lovelies, embroidered and flower splashed prints.
Thieme & Wangerin
622-626 Main Sfreef
HAVE YOU HEARD? ^about the new Slimmer luncheons in the COFFEE SHOP —downstairs— in the UNION \ Drop in for a refreshing snack and a cup of the best coffee in town. JhsL fiWidusL Wlmwiicd, lAmofL The ^ Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
PURDUE Fiiend, If Jennings, lb Biirghaidt, ss Ehlers, 3b Wright, rf Iimsher, 2b J. Martin or Burger, cf R. Claseman, c Misselhoin, p
The following are the drawing, for the Fraternity Tennis Singles
tournament.
The first round of these mktchbs should be played before the weekend. In order to take advantage of the nice weather we suggest you contact your opponent and plqy your match as soon as possi^l#, turning in your scores to the Intramural Office soon after pilay. Pi Kappa Phi vs Delta Upsiloh ^ Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Sighja
Nu
Phi Kappa Psi vs Kappa Delta
Rho
Phi Gamma Delta vs Kappa Sigma Theta Xi vs Phi Kappa Phi Kappa Tau vs Phi Delta Theta ' Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Alha^ Sigma Phi Sigma Pi vs Beta Sigma Psi Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Alpha Tau
Omega
Sigma Alpha Mu vs Theta Chi Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Triangle "
Sigma Chi vs Delta Chi
Delta Tau Delta vs Acacia , The following are the drawings
Blanchard, 3b Fraternity Tennis Doubles. White, rf Please contact your oppoheht Snd
make your own ari-angemfeflts play your match. No cdurts oh'flfeff-'
nite playing times will b^ sbt
Intramural Office until the first of
MICHIGAN Stenbeig, 2b
Wiese, If
Lund, cf
Walteihouse, lb
Wikel, ss
Swanson, c ^gek, but we suggest y^oU ilikfe
Fishman or
Boim, p
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
advantage of the fine weathef-^ ahfl play your first round of gambs before the first of next week. Lambda Chi Alpha vs Kappa Sigma Phi Kappa vs Beta Theta Pi Phi Delta Theta vs Tau Kappa Epsilon , Phi Kappa Psi vs Alpha Sigma Phi Alpha Chi Rho vs Sigma Pi ' Theta Chi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda Phi Gamma Delta vs Beta Sigttia Psi . Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Alpha Mu Kappa Delta Rho vs Alpha Tau Omega Sigma Nu vs Theta Xi Triangle vs Delta Chi Acacia vs Sigma Chi Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Anyone playing in the tbunis singles ate ineligible for the* doubles and those playing in the doubles cannot play in the singles.
hen a garment shrinks or gets out of shape, its life of service is considerably shortened. Knowing this, our experts are particularly careful to restore the original style lines and finish the garment to original measurements. For more clothes "mileage”, phone us.
SOFTBALL PRACTICE SCHEDULE Thursday, May 6 i 6:45 P. M. Diamond 1— Theta Xi vs. Acacia. 2— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Triangle. 3— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Theta Chi. 4— Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 5— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 6— Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma PI. 7— Delta Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 8— Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma
Nu.
9— Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Chi. -Kappa Delta Rho vs. Sigma
Alpha Mu.
-Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Al-
pha Epsilon.
-Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Pi
Kappa Phi.
-Phi Delta Theta vs. Pi Kappft
Alpha.
-Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. ’ ' -Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kap|M>
Tau.
-Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Sigma. ■
\ 19-
11-
12-
13-
14-
15-
16-
Buy War Bonis:>v.
Page S
i ^ ( /,, •' .V,* .- - ) .-Nfei / ^'' ‘ , '''"s ''ih\[^ 4n„’V/-^’,'*v? ' ^ ^ i'>. %>V% f‘klX'} ^ \ if. M_ •' ^ ^ V ^ i^-r y‘, .,1 ^ r * - ^ ^ ‘ ’ 's ' . ^ ■■ -f Purdite Exponent .' / fiiuf^dy, Mdy S,i943’
HANK V\/ENT INTO THE ARMV AS A PRIVATE IN 19H-1 AND HAS WORKED HIS WAV PP TO A CAPTAINCY/
OMTf®' ™i IFDfKfi? i' BUY MORE WAkBOUDS
Women's Gymnasium Will Hold Second Nixed Recreation Mixed recreation will be held tomorrow night in the women’s gym -fi-om 7 to 10. This is the second Mixed Recreation of the new semester. All students in the University are invited to attend these affairs with dates or dateless and paiticipate in the many activities which are offered such- as badminton, volley ball, ping pong, etc. There will be mixed swimming in the pool from 8 to 9 with a dime charge for the boys and there will be dancing from 9 to 10 with your favorite orchestras on record. Mixed recreation is sponsored weekly by Sportswomen, coed spoi;ts honorary, to provide students healthful relaxation, and to enable students to get acquainted. The only requirement is that soft shoes be worn.
George Takes Defense Post Prof. R. H. George has been appointed to membership of the Communications division of the National Defense Research Committee, according to announcement by Prof. Ewing, head of the Electrical school. Pu.'pose of the National Defense Research Committee is to evaluate and foster research undertaken on behalf of the War effort, and it is under the office of Scientific Research and development in Washington. Various divisions have been set up within the committee and incmbership to each division is given to outstanding men in the various divisions, of which communications is one. Research projects fostered by this division include methods of secret communication for aircraft and other wireless communication devises.
Notices
Ex-Cary Cluli Men: Who have lived in Cary Hall for tour or more semestera, and are not or«ani'/ied, may make application for Asaoeiate Memberahip in Cary Club to Jim Bowen, Room ftlO, CITS. --liOWEN Secretarica of Ilonororics and Orfcnnixations: Ploabc bring your copy tor your page m the Debris to the Debris Workshop immediately. If you have not been contacted about votir copy, please call at the Debris office at once. —RENTSCH Union Juniors and Sopohmores: Please , report to "oomb 230 and 257 to work on the Student Book Exchange from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every week day until May 12,
—GEE
Machine Design 11, 6.5, 06: Make-up exams for removal of conelition will be given "U Saturday, May 8, at 1 p. m, in room HM. Notify me of your intention to taka' wh-«^ tost piior to Satuulav. —AULT Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the Summer Term Registiaiion m.i\ obt.iin then checks bv calling at the Regibluii'b Office. —STONE
J. W. Sims was discharged from St. Elizabeth Hospital Saturday. H. R. Berry, W. G. Caldwell, Ruth Ralston and M. J. Schocken were discharged fronf St. Elizabeth Saturday. i
Omicroii Nu: Meeting Friday, May 7, at 4 p. m. in the Hbme Economics Building. \ —BEALL Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting for dleclion of officers at 7 :30 p. m. Thursday, May 6, in room 307 of the nUion. Everyone should be there. .—PELTOSALO Newman Club: The first monthly breaafast of the semester will be held Sunday, May 9, in St. Mary’s Auditorium. All Catholic students are invited to attend.
—AULT
WAA: Shore council meeting Thursday at 4 p. m. in the WAA office. Important. —BAUGHMAN Purdue Engineer:' Staff meeting at 4 p. m. in the office today. —KIMMBRELL
Chauncey House, 215 South Chaunew* welcomes applicants for membership. Phone 2648 fdr interview. ^ Lost—Log Log Duplex Deoitrig slide rulc.i Larz H. Nordstorm on case and rule. Jte* ward. Call 6294. Lost—Black leather billfold containing papers valuable to owner only. Reward.
Phone 66152.
Lost—Ray-Ban sun glasses in brown Icather case. Reward. Call 3466.
Classified Ads i Typewriters: Adding maemnes, ail makes Bold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoit, 605 Main» Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan; On diamonds, watchefl, guns, luggage, typewitera, Albert’s Loan Office, 40'7 Columbia.^ Wanted—Students to deliver Puidue Exponent. Apply Exponent office or call R. G, Sauerman, 5754. Lost—Sheaffer’s pen with name inscribed. Black and tan striped with wide gold band around center. No pocket clip^ Reward, Richard J. Morgan. Phone 2362.
—WANTED— Student Switchboard OPERATOR Complete board for 20 hours per week. Operator can study part time. Apply at once to V. L. Overman, Cary Hall South.
if. S. Treasury Department-,
University Calendar Thursday^ May 6
10:00 A.M. Red Cross Home Senior Workers Room 304, Union 7:30 P.M. Civilian Defense Room 363, nUion
Friday, May
10:00 A.M. Red Cio's IloiriC Senior Workers Room 301, Union 3:30 P.M. Flank Bud; Childien’s Prouiam Hall of Mu.sic 7:30 P.M. Frank Buck Lectine Hall of Music
Glee Club Will Sing At Slate Fair Grounds
Tonight the University Glee Club, composed of 40 voices, will sing at the Ainencan Legion wai i rally which will be held in the Coliseum of the Indiana State Fair Grounds at Indianapolis. Roane Waring, national commandei of the American Legion will he the principal speakei. Scheduled lo apprav on the piogram twice, the Glee Club will fiisL present “Plorlge ol ABcgience to the Flag ’. bardone ■-olo b> William Kenpedy, and a mcilley of scivite .songs; later lhe\ t,il! jn’esent ‘‘The Lo^t Choid," tenoi solo liv William Morgan, and ‘’Th,'' is 3Iy Country.” Reorganized .since tne iieginning of the present teim b\ duocioi A1 Stewart, the Glee Club has been rehearsing several days in pieparation for their pari in the war lally. Ten thousand persons are expected to attend the rally. According to present plaps the Glee Club will leave at 4 this afternoon for Indianapolis yia private automobile provided by'the'Lafayette Post, and will be entertained at dinner in Indianapolis by the Legion. The doors' of the coliseum arc scheduled to open at 7 p. nr. ’fhe pi’ogram consists of speakers, . bands and the University glee club. Governor Schricker will be introduced and he will in tui n inti oduc6 the National Commander, Roane Waring, The blue network will broadcast the address of Roane Waring from 9:30 to 10:00 p. m. In addition to this the National Ducctor, Frank N. Belgrano will deliver a bond message. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Davis Receives
Piol. .1. M Davis, i>''a(luatc as-si>-tant in chenii' liy who is working on h'.s Ph. D. deg)op, h'a.s been aw’aidcd the Allied Chemical and Dye Coipoiat’on fellowship in cheniistiyal Hie University for 1943-11.
To Worry University Purcliasfiig Agent In ‘-.iite of buMiing about .10,000 tons of coal c ifh 'cai, the Umver--it''' w.rs little effeeted liy the reci”n, Leii i^-Wa'^hnigl'n D. C. coal contiover-y. Saioly ])ile(l away is an cimugciicv siqiplv for ibc Uitveisity, suppo'-ed to lest foui or five 'months, accoiding to H. B. Abbett, Pin chasing Agent. When Zero Hour Ajiproaches However, wdren the zero hour wars neeiing,^Mr. Abbett received notice that if ten days supply of coal were on hand, no finther shipments would be allowed. Then W'hen John L. Lewis made his speech t'wenty minutes before President Rooscvelt’.s, this order wars rescinded. The University receives its I'egular siqiply in daily shipments from the Knox Consolidated Coal Company in Knox County, Indiana. The emergency pile, which is south of the campus, past the creamery, and near the gravel pit, consists of three laige piles, and is for the purpose of such emergencies as the impending coal strike, or in case the lailroads could not make the shipments for any reason. This war-time emergency coal was shipijcd in from Knox and Princeton counties. J. C. Hennigar, superintendent of the Physical Plant, stated that the Univor^-ity uses about one hundred tons of coal a day during cold w’eathcr; how'ever, in warmer weather, only about seventy-five Ions are needed.
South worth’s
Don’t forpt Hotlier’s Day Sunday, May Dili Chnusii liKF qift from our fine soloction of accRssorios— and Encloso a Mollmr s flay flroiiiinf} Card
(lift Shop Hours: 9 a. HI. to 9 p, in. Daily
Soiithworth’s •
Alluring Fascinators $1.98 up Mother, alluring as she always is, prefers one of these delightfully styled fascinators to -wear over her head these spring days. We have some hand-crocheted ones among them, one she’ll cherish. Lapel Flowers 59c up W'h) not give Mother one of our lovely flowers to pin on the lapel of her netv suit or coat. Choose from violets as natural as the) can be, or from the flower she always prefers, a gaidcnia. Of course there are many others.
Sons and daughters vt'ho have not yet joined America’s fighting forces enjoy a precious privilege this Mother’s Day. Remember Mother for yourself, naturally. But, give her the thrill of a gift from your brother in the armed forces — by proxy. Yes, it’s sentimental, but an almost insignificant reward for her courage and bravery. So, make it a two-gift Mother’s Day — one from you and one from the son at the front. And don’t forget the other fellow’s mother — the boy who is all she has.
Perfumes $1.00 to $22.50 Whether Mother prefers Clianel’s or Aiden’s Blue Grass, or likes the scent of laberge’s or Lentheric creations, you’ll find thorn here with many others in abundance in neat little gift packages, priced to suit your purse.
Handbags $1.98 to $7.95 Mother will thank you a thousand times for your thoughtfulness wliethei y'ou select a fine leather bag oi one in the various new fabric we show. Outstanding among them are genuine Lewis bags with I.ucite tops at $7.95.
Lovely Gowns $2.25 up Charming creations in both layon crepe and rayon satin, some in delightful pastel shades, others in floral designs. Also a group of the most fascinating knit rayon gowns, shir r e d and tucked in ntis e) fashion.
V/sit Our Doivnsiciirs Tea Room for a Delicious Snack
Colognes 50c to $5.00 .Send Mother one of the vety latest creme colognes by fiance, Denney or by Lcntheroe. Oi you may choose from many nationally faiiuuis creations, among tiicm, Rit/, Doiothy (iiay, Cory, D’Orsay, Ciro and many, many more.
Jewelry $3-00 to $5.00 M.uvelous ne\s creations in botli pl.istic and cMiocl; among them, laisel pins, necklaces, bracelets, ear i mgs. The colors and combinations aie supiisingly smart. Also beautiful Idimcsione Pins ,it various prices.
Princess Slips $2.25 up Wliatever your choice, Miss Swank or Baibi/on, we have these famous makes in a full airay of smaitcst creations in both I ay on crepe and satin. In the color Mother likes best, in her right si/e and le-nglh.
Lucitc Brush Sets $2.50 These lovely brush and comb sets in beautiful Lucite can be had in natural and delicate pastel shades. The bristles in the brush ate sturdy nylon. We also have three piece sets, brush, comb and mirror from $5 00 up.
Handkerchiefs 25c to $1.98 Hundreds of lovely styjecl prints of sheer fabrics and fine finens, handsome imported Madeira and Chinese creations and fine handscreencci prints from California. Also beautiful chiffons in plain or with lace edges.
Chiffon Scarfs $3.00 up Sheer chiffons in all white and the seasons most delicate pastel lints. Also in many charming floral designs. A group of all white jacquard scarfs in many charming jiatterns. Of course there are many other tyjjcs here.
Of Course Before All — You Must Buy Stamps and Bonds
n
' ■‘'O'
Iff