LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, JANUARY 23, 1936
'NUMBER 8Z
Road School Exhibit Ends This Morning Highway Engineers And Officials To Hear Governor At Banquet
Following a morning session of technical lectures the 600 highway engineers and officials attending the twenty-second : annual road school at the University adjourned in a body to inspect the 48 displays of highway equipment and supplies which have been set up in the Armory. This exhibit will be open to the public until noon today. The morning session was presided over by Glen Arbaugh, of Portland. Speakers on the program included Arthur Smithy engineer of tests; Earl Lockridge, field engineer of maintenance, and M. R. Keefe, chief engineer, all men being members of the Indiana State Highway Commission, and C. R. Wightman, director of the department of public works, Bentor Harbor, Mich. Secondary Road Improvement Keefe discussed at some length the various secondary road, improvement programs now Under way and already completed with the aid of federal grants. In discussing the possibility of enlarging the state system, he said, “There are now in the state, county and township highway systems of Indiana approximately 79,900 miles of roads, 70 per cent of which have gravel or higher type surface.” The present state highway system consists of 9,289 miles of roads and should eventually be increased to not exceed 20,000 miles or about one-quarter of all roads in the state. This increase'in mileage will have to be very slow due to the limited funds now available to the state highway commission.
Soil vs. Surface
Progress that has been made in determining the relative values of soils in making possible surface and sub-grade stabilization was outlined by Arthur R. Smith, engineer of tests of the state highway commission. Earl Lockridge, field engineer of maintenance, presented a technical discussion on “Stage Construction As It Applies To In-
diana Roads”.
C. R. Wightman closed the session with a discussion of the method adopted in Benton Harbor, Mich., in constructing low-cost. Cement bound macadam streets. The road School program will reach its climax today with separate sessions for the state highway maintenance men, state highway construction men, and a joint session of all county road officials this morning, A general session will be held this afternoon, and the annual banquet to be held tonight will be addressed by Hon. Paul V. McNutt, governor of Indiana, and Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University.
6,845 Registered At Ag Conference Final figures on attendance last week at the Agricultural Conference showed 6,846 persons were registered. This is 138 more than the previous record of 6,707- estab-
lished last year.
The attendance trophy for; counties immediately surrounding La' fayette and given by the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, went to Clinton county which registered 444 persdnSi White county with 364 was second. In region 2, the next group of counties beyond, Cass County again viras the winner with 193 persons and Marion was
second with 128; ' Railroad Trophy
The Pennsylvania Railroad trophy, offered for region 3, counties further away; from Lafayette, was won by Lake county whjch registered l23 persons; The trophy given by the various state agricultural associations went to Adams county
with 64 registered.
Icy Widds Hit Midwest;
Dr. Miller Warns Against Frostbite
weather warning broadcasts. Mot torists were Warned by traffic authorities agairiSt driving unless it was absolutely necessary^ Service stations and garages did a rushing business in alcohol and anti-freezes while local taverns reported a brisk
sale of the same.
The Lafayette street railway company wa.s forced td\use a snow plow to clear the tracks and press additional cars into service to maintain schedules. Railroads and busses were far behind schedule.
Tickets for tee Interfraternity Ball, sponsored by the l^raternity Presidents’ Council, will go on sale tomorrow at tee Union desk, Deac’s and Souteworth’s, according to Bim Compton, Phi Gamma Delta, manager of ticket sales. The ducats this year are priced at $2.00. Negotiations for an orchestra were resumed yesterday by the social committee when it was learned that Bernie Cummins would not be available. Cummins had previously been accepted by the committee but the contract was not completed due to a conflict in other engagements. Plans for tee decorations may still be turned in to the Student Union for consideration in the contest that will reward tee winner with the complimentary ticket. Decorations are in charge of Harmon Harper, Alpha Gamma Rho, and Lew Chalice, Phi Kappa Psi.
his blizzardy breath in earnest upon red-nosed, blue-lipped, shivvering students who trudged toward finals yesterday, slipping and skidding on the glassy pavements, while the mercury lost its grip , on the zero rung and plunged to a record
low of 60 de^e6s below freez-
ing.
A 40 naile-rmi-hour gale sweeping doA^ from: the Canadian riorthwest Imocked the last props frpin under thie meycufy which had halted mdmehtarily at 8 degrees above zero at 7 a. m. yesterday. By 10:30 a, m. it. had reached zero and at 11:30 it had reached 8 below. At 1 p. m. it was down to l2 below. At 2 p. m. it had reached 14 below where it hung until 4:20 p. m., when it hit 18 below. ■ The coldest weather ever recorded in Lafayette was 33 degrees below zero in 1884. In January, 1918 it was 30 below. Snow Blocks Roads Three and a quarter inches of snow which fell during the night added to tee , difficulties already confronting the state’s transportation facilities. Late yesterday evening police reported that all state roads from Lafayette were impass-
able.
Children at the Klondike school, three miles north of West Lafayette, were unable to return to their homes when classes were over because school officials decided the roads were too dangerous to risk transportation in school busses. George McCormick, West Lafayette chief of police, and Nathan Bush, Purdue student, rushed food and beds to the; school while WBAA broadcast the news of the snowbound children to allay fears of anxious parents. WBAA went on the air after hours at 4 p. m, to continue tee cold
Finals Go 'Round
The folloxying words to the tune of the popular song, “The Music Goes 'Round and ’Round” were sub^ mitted to this paper by C. B. Stafford,; a; freshmah engineer: You take: yoim first exam. : Your head goes round and rdund, Oo-oo-^o; O6teb-bo,: and ybti get ^scared. You take your second exam. Forget all you ever knew, Oo-Ooteo, Ob-oo-oo, what will you You take your third exam. Your grades go down and down. Below, below, below. What’ll papa say when he sees that punk report ? ;; . - I ■ You take your last exam. Why did you go to school ? Oo-bo-oo, Oo-oo-oo, you poor darn fool!
Dr. S. J. Miller, of the student health service, issued a warning last night to students who like to go bare-headed. “Keep your ears covered at all times,” he said. “It is extremely easy to get them frost-bitten when the temperature is, this
low.
“If they do get frost-bitten,” he continued, ^‘use cold water or snow, on them. In severe casesfeport immediately to the Student Health Service for treatment. If the case is not treated properly at once, circulation . will stop, gangrene will set in and your ears will drop off.” More than a dozen cases of frost-bitten ears and and one case of frozen toes have been treated by the health service.
The coldest spot on the North American continent yesterday was at International Falls, Minnesota, j where it was 55 degrees below zero.
Elid Of Aljiliabel Precedes First In Schediile
Women’s Club Postpones' . Meeting Because Of Weather
Due to the inclement weather, the meeting of the literature section of tee Purdue Women’s club, which was to have been held yesterday afternoon, was postponed until a later date. Prof. H. K. Kidd, of tee English department, who was to have been the speaker, will give his paper, entitled; “Seeing America with the Novelists”, at/the next meeting.
Answer To Problem
Following is the answer to the problem that appeared in Tuesday’s paper: The man was born at 1:12 p. m. on February 1.6,1787. The only trap was that the year involved, 1824, was a leap year, and therefore its February had 29 days.
PUBLICATION SCHEDULE
Today’s issue of the Exponent will be the > last of the present semester. The next issue be published Jan. 80.
The Indianapolis Athletic club will play host to Boilermaker squash teams on Saturday in two matches. The faculty team will meet a chosen group of I. A. C. racket men as will the varsity squad. The events will begin at 3 o’clock Saturday afternoon. The faculty team will be composed of LaBree, Allen, Fowler, Knoll and Clevett. The varsity men to make the trip are Noll, Lucek, Fields, Ulrey and pzucker.
Reiiewals On IM Lockers.
Directions for the; renewal of gymnasium lockers were issued last night by the /intramural department. If students do not plan to renew locker fpr the second semester they are asked to vacate and get key and towel deposit money before noon Saturday. Should clothing not be removed before this date it will become a complete loss to the owner. The procedure for renewal is as follows: 1. Procqre your refund slip at the check-out window (George Craig). 2. Take refund slip with one dollar to the cashier’s office in University Hall before i^oon, January 25, and get your receipt. 3. Return this receipt to the check-out window and the transao tion is complete.
EXPONENT STAFF
There will be a meeting of the editorial staff on Saturday, February 1, at 1;30. Plan now to keep that afternoon free. HEUSER.
Only one billion dollars worth of residential construction a year instead of the usual teree billions is estimated as a miximum volume which the building industry ca;n expect unless a way can be found to build houses at a cost within reach of tee family of average income, according to the December, 1935, Progress Report of the Purdue Housing Research Project. The probable volume > is about one-third that of residential construction done during past normal building years. Building which can now be done in the present, price range represents only about twenty-five per cent of the total possible housing market, tee report points out. Incomes Too Low If a larger volume of building is to be obtained the market must be extended to tee lower price field. At present, according te a statement in the report .by Frank Watson, director of the Purdue project, families in the lower income brackets must be satisfied to live in second hand houses. These houses often are obsolete or are houses obtained by mortgage foreclosure in which original financial equities have been wiped out and the, value has beeii thus written dowh to a price which the family of low or moderate income can afford to pay. In many cg,ses peopjie have “oversold” on the glories of home ownership and induced to buy homes they cannot afford, the report states. Studies carried on by the Purdue Housing Research Project indicate that average families cannot pay more than 26 per cent of their im come for shelter. On the basis of income statistics a house costing more than $6,100 is too expensive for 76 per cent of American fgm ilies. And one costing more than $6,100 is out of the price range of 80 per cent of the families. The Purdue figures are based on urban family incomes. To include farm
Registration for the second semester opens Tuesday morning, January 28, in the Armory. Student^ who have heen in attendance during the first semester, unless they have been dropped from the University, will he admitted to registration upon presentation of their first semester schedule cards. Any student who has lost his card or who was not in attendance during the first semester must get permit to register from the registrar’s office on January 28. In order to facilitate the process of registering, students who have been registered during the first se mester should bring with them tentative schedule; cards and printed
schedules of classes. Payment Of Fees
/The exact amount of fees and deposits must be paid at the time of registering, in the form of bank drafts, certified or personal checks, postal or express money orders. Such paper is preferred to cash. Students whose grades for the first semester are such as to qualify them as “distinguished students” pay full fees for the second semester, but will receive proper rebate as soon as tee distinguished
list is published.
Schedule
The registratioh schedule follows:
Union To Hold Tryouts For Play«^ta” Aspirants For Parts Will Meet In Tower Room Tryouts fdr the cast of the 1936 Student Union Show, “Carmita”, will be held at 4 o’clock on Tuesday, January 28, in ihe Tower Room of the Union. The show, a musical comedy, will have a chorus of 64, 32 men and 32 women. ; February 4, final selections wili be made and the cast of twelve ■wrill be chosen. To be eligible for participation in the show, the student must have at least a 3.& scholastie index for the present semester. Cafmita”, a Meidcan romance with the setting on the Rio Grande, was written by Garleton Hadley while the music was written by Ted WillianB, the composer of many famous hits including
“Look Who’s Here.”
This will be the third consecutive show of this nature that has been sponsored by the Student Union.^ The first one was staged three years ago under the direction of Jack Williams and featured Paul Barbee as a yap from the country who turned “big city,” put oil; on his hair, but came back and married Betty Barnetti the love inter-
est. ■
Last year Bob Fuller, present Unioii president, was in charge of the' production “Bright Young Thing,” starring Frances Ford, Bill Jones, and Loma Curtis, with Yirginia Meguiar furnishing the comedy. This year again, present plans call for the Mars Theatre as the place aind a tentative date of March 18 has been set.
m
incomes apparently would make the picture even woise from the stands point of the cost of houses people can afford to own and live in. One may infer from the report that too, much stress has been and is being placed upon the importance of easy mortgage money rather than the more important considerations of incomes and building costs.
Out Of Reach
The Purdue study offhrs little encouragement for cost reductions that will bririg .tee price of wellbuilt houses within the reach of the average family. No immediate prospect is seen for reduction in the cost of distributing building materials. Manufacturing costs cannot be reduced sufficiently to benefit the consumer and still leave a margin of profit for the manufacturer. While labor costs may appear high in terms of hourly wages, they are generally low in terms of annual wages. Labor resists the introduction of new methods which reduce labor on the job. As a result no hope can be held for substantial savings in that direction. A further obstacle to reduce costs of home building is the unfamiliarity with new construction methods and materials on the part of contractors. It is also observed that too many new developments in building construction are based upon furnishing a better product at increased cost,
rather than at lower cost.
Build Houses
* In an effort to make a thorough study and cost analysis of house construction the Purdue Housing Research Project is building nine houses on the Purdue research campus. These houses utilize a variety of materials and equipment now available for construction purposes. Their cost is approximately $6,000 each. They are desired to accomodate a family of two adults and two cMldrea, No compromise has, been made in items which effect
(Continued on page 3) | ^QN of E^OK, at latest on
^ January 29, from 8. to 4 p, in
increased $20 By. Gift The Purdue Alumni Association scholarship fund has been increased by $20.00, as a result of a check for that amount received this week by E. B. Baugh, ex:ecutive secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association, from Miss Louis K. Ball, ’33, secretary of the Purdue Women’s dub, of Indianapolis. The check has been turned over to the alumni scholarship fund of the University.
I. . Distinguished students of June, 1935, have the privilege of registering Tuesday, January 28, at 8 a. m., or at any other time during the registration period. II. Undergraduate and special students who have no {inremoved C, D, I or F grades on record, and are not on probation, register according to the first letters of their
surnames, as follows:
Ti'-Zz, Tues,, Jah. 28, 8:30-9:00 a. m.; Si-To, Tues., Jan. 28, 9 :00-9 :30 a. m.; PmSh, Tues., Jan. 28, 9 :30-10 :00 a. m.: Mim^ PI. Tues., Jan. 28, 10 :00-10:30 a. m. ; LbMil, Tues., Jan. 28, 10:30-ll :00 a. m.; HpLa, tues., Jan. 28. 11:00-a2:00 a. m.; GoHo, Tues., Jan. 28, 1:00-1:30 p. m.; DpGn. Tues., Jan. 28, 1:30-2:00 p. m.; Bs-Do, Tues., Jan. , 28, 2 :00-2 :30 p. ni.; Aa-Br, tues., Jan. 28, 2:30-;'3:00 p. m. III. Undergraduate and special students, who have unremoved C. D. I or F grades on record, but are not on probation, register according to the first letters of their sur-
names. as follows :
Tr-Zz, Tues., Jan. 28, 8:00-8:80 p. m.; Si-To, Tues., Jan. 28, 3 :30-4:00 p. m.: Pm-Sh,: Tues., Jan. 28, 4:00-4:30 p. m.; Mim-Pl, Wed.; Jan.' 29, 8 :00-8:30 a. m,: Lb-Mil, Wed., Jan. 29, 8 :30-9:00 a. m.; Hp-La, Wed., Jan. 29, 9:00^ :30( au m.: GoHo, Wedi, Jan. 29, 9:30-10:00 k m. ; DpUSh, Wed., Jan. 29, 10:00-10 :30 a. m.; BsDo, Wedo Jan. 29, 10:30-ll :00 a. m.: AaBr, Wed., Jan. 29. 11:00-12 :00 a. m. IV. Old students on probation register according to the first letters of their sur-
names, as follows:
S-Z, Wed., Jan. 29, 1 ;00-l :30 p. m.: L-R, Wed., Jan. 29, 1:80-2:00 p. m.; F-K, Wed., Jan. 29, 2:00-2:30 p. m.; A-E, Wed., Jan.
29. 2:30-3:00 p. m.;
V. Graduate'students register according to the first letters of their surnames, as
follows: ^
W-Z, Tues., Jan. 28, 8 :00-9:00 a. m.; SnV, Tues;. Jan. 28, 9:00-10:00 a. m.: RciSm. Tues., Jan. 28. 10 :00-11:00 a. m. : ,PRn, Tues.,, Jan. 28, 11:00-12:00 a. m.; Mi0, Tues., jah. 28, 1:00-2:00 p. m.; Lh-Mh, Tues., Jan. 28i 2:00-3:00 p. m.; J-La, Tues., Jan. 28, 8:O0»4:OO p. m,: H-I, Tues., Jan. 28. 4:00-5:00 p. m.: E-G Wed. Jan. 29. 8 ;00-9:00 a. m.: Cpo-D, Wed., Jan. 29, 9:0k 10:00 a. m.: Bi-C6n, Wed., jan. 29, 10 :Q0il:Q0 a. m.: A-Be, 'Wed., Jan. 29, 11:00-
12:00 a. m.
Those who for any cause beyond their control are prevented from roistering- at their scheduled time may register between 3 and 4 p. m. on Wednesday, January 29. A student who, after completing registration. discovers a conflict or other mistake
Plan Skating Rink
In con junction with the local rec--reation agencies, the intramural department of the University will assist with a skating rink to be developed on Stuart Field. Work will begin today if the weather is satisfactory so that the rink will be reaqy for skaters by the end of the
week.
Ted Neiing To Play Ted Nering and his campus orchestra from Indiana University will play here at the mixer Saturday night in the Union ballroom; Nering has played at the dances,of several local fraternities and sororities, and, at I, U. his professional rival is Jimmy Cathcart, whose orchestra has played several times for Purdue dancers. There will the regular admission of charge of $1.00.
C. E. Bauman, E. E. ’23, /is employed in the manufacture of instrument construction with Frigidr. aire Corp., Dayton, Ohio.
W, P. Uhl, C. E. ’35, is in soil conservation service at Worthington.
FACULTY MEETING
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will he held on Monday, January 27, at 4 p. in;» in ffiamley Cmdteie A full attendance is expected, EDWARR CL ELMOm
(',1 i" I® * i'
''"'Sitti''H
1986-1936 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COiXEGIATB DIGEST Member of National College Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association Exclusively Bepresented by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by muQ, $8 60 per year delivered by carrier, $2 60 per year sold by single copy 2 cents
I VETS By ]. N. Davis
MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Business Phone 6088
Editorial Ph6ne 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Editor-in-Chief Managing Editor Associate Editors
EDITOKIAL STAFF „ „ „
H V Heuser C H Campbell
A M Chasteen, C M Hardin,
W T Hunt, E H Morris, M. G Walther
Sports Editor Hays Associate Sports Editors „ _ DP Mull R H W^pole, L D Wood Sophomore Assistants „ K A Barnette J E Brock, R L. Cribb A H Forster
C Harper, Jr, M Kohr, E P Manion D M Meacham C L Sadler
G P Eoquemore R C Schenck, J L VonHarz
Bold and Black Editor W R Abbott
Business Manager Advertising Manager
Advertising Assistants
Circulation Manager
Circulation Assistants
Associate Editors Advertising Manager
BUSINESS STAFF . . ,
W A Koch
H F Antonini L. H Brown R Creek, D C Miller - R J Hulse J G Girard G R Shields Helen Creech Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann Josephine Perkins
WOMEN S STAFF
Editor
Joyce Williams
Thursday, January 23, 1936
Issue Editor—A. H. Forster,
History Repeats The present Morgan investigation conducted by Senator Nye and his committee has brought forth one extremely interesting point J. Pierpont and his associates vehemently denied that they or any other financiers helped to bring America into the World War because of loans to belligerents. Claiming that German submarines, not Morgan loans led this nation into the war, they nevertheless were forced to admit that before we entered the struggle, over one billion dollars in unsecured loans were floated here by France and England. Of the three billions spent by those countries here for which the Morgan house acted as agents, the latter received commissions totaling over 30 millions of dollars. History may be repeating itself at present, with Great Britain in the position of creditor. English gold secured the services of many tribal chieftains for Haile Selassie, and it was only through the use of this English money that the Ethiopian emperor was able to outbid the Italians for these services. Perhaps England’s interest in the tightening of sanctions is not purely ethical.—W. T. H. “No one knows,” says William Allen White, “what Republicans think.” What Republicans —Oklahoma Daily. Germaiiy Ridicules The Bible German writers are now attempting to condone Nazi persecution of Jews by stating that it is only by this means that they can establish their new German religions of folkdom. They have even indulged in the childish pastime of trying to prove that the Christ was not a Jew. This’reminds one of the Negro posters who solemnly tell their congregations that Jesus was undoubedly a negro. Condemning the Old Testament as a Jewish book revealing the true nature of the Jews and presenting an incorrect picture of God, they point out that it is a teacher of false morals, verging upon immorality in some of its passages. Silly as it may seem, they even quote sections in attempting to prove that “the morals of the Old Testament are characterized by sexual samelessness.”—W. T. H.
The English vocabulary with its words of many shades and hues, is like a flower garden. On the one side we find the rose thriving in all its delicate beauty and fragrance. On the other, the lavender, with its homely phrases.—^Dr. Vizetelly, “guardian of the English language.”
Term Papers (The DePaw) The season is here when education is being spread with a trowel. And not the least of the evils that exist during these quasi-educational days before and during examinations is the term paper. We do not belittle the purpose or the function of the term paper. In rngjay courses it offers the most satisfactory means of organizing the semester’s work in the student’s mind. And at its best the term paper demands the highest of creative thought. But who will deny that wholesale plagiarism of books and articles does no^ exist on a general scale in the writing of term papers—^that only a small percentage of semester papers represent any creative thought on the part of their student authors—^that it is size rather than content that is uppermost in the thoughts of the average student who writes his term ^laper. “I’m writing mine from this book; it’s what the prof, wants.” “He outlined my paper and I’m throwing it right back at
him.”
“If I can find stuff for ten more pages I’ll get an A on this. Who hasn't heard these or similar statements recently.
And who is to blame?
Part of the blame must be assumed by the professer who —literally or figuratively—weighs his term papers and awards marks upon the poundage scale. And there is the professor who beams with self-satisfaction whe^ he finds staring at him some of his favorite ideas expressed in the traditional fashion, and thereupon awards a high mark for
excellence of work.
A portion of the blame must go to those students who will never get any closer to higher education and higher thought processes, after four years of college, than they were during
high school years
And the educational system can always be made to bear its share of responsibility for any existing educational illness. Wliat to do about it? That’s more difficult than criticism. But we wonder if fewer term papers and an increased emphasis upon content rather than size of papers might not help.
On the Art of Discouraging Infants Strange, how sometimes one can mope along through life and have talents perfectly hidden and unsuspected, and then suddenly discover oneself doing something or othei with unconscious skill. So it was recently for me while riding across Indianapolis in the rear seat of a car On one end of the seat was a large suitcase which ciowded me over toward a small child, sitting on my other side. This child was of the devil-and-dynamite age She was particularly notorious for her gentle habit of striking any and all who were accomodating enough to come within range Her face wore a half-angelic, half-devilish grin that was lit by more than half a measure of fiendish light and promised a sound smack if I or anyone else should unthinkingly bend over to coo in her eai, kiss her rosy cheek, or inquire of her comfort However, this sounds as though she acted merely in self-protection I assure you she gladly assumed all the initiative, and I further assure you it never entered my head to cuddle or even coo at this foundling from the devil’s own brood In that inscrutable smile and those sparkling eyes, I early caught the mischevious light, and sensed that therein lay the palpable allurement of bait. In fact, this young woman smiled, and challenged all the world to lespond She knew of an affinity between her pink knuckles and dignified noses, between stickly lollypops and adult cheeks, and she fairly ached to complete such disturbing affinities.
But herein lies the unsuspected talent’ duiing the half-hour’s ride, I suffered not one blow Out of the corner of my eye, I could see her watching intently, and if I happened to turn—she smiled But there also was the gleam of a fat little fist snuggled in her lap—and I knew about the treachery of this woman’ In trying to discover the reason for my extraordinary luck, I first discovered in myself a curious and unconscious talent for discouraging infants
The entire technique of scaring off rompered pests is based on the impression one gives at the first introduction. This is the moment to reach an understanding as to the extent of hair-yanking, tie- pulling, and trapezing around one’s neck that one enjoys The situation is related to the old fable of the camel’s nose in the Arab’s tent. The crux of the matter lies with the issue, who will be the nose, and who the tent? By all means, take the initiative and be a nose—^not a tent,
Or rather, of all the people to whom one is introduced — from President Eoosevelt to the five-year-old child of one’s neighbor— one should certainly be the most solemn and dignified with the kid. The president probably won’t want to yank one’s hair, or at least if he feels like it—he won’t But naturally the child does. One must take the initiative and give him to understand that all monkeyshines are out, before he gives one to understand in no uncertain terms that monkeyshines are all the vogue.
The one thing needed (besides a regular hiding which the parents have invariably neglected to administer) is a stern first impression. In order to accomplish this without losing the parent’s good will, a direct communion must be established between oneself and the rapscallion without the use of words, or fists under noses The whole matter rests, therefore, on an exchange of looks. With a little practice, one can acquire a penetrating glance; and with a little practice, one can learn to hold the young demon’s eye. If, perchance, the parental attention should wander from the situation, then one should throw everything one has into a real I’m-hardnosed-and-don’t-want-to-be-pestered look, as if to say, “You see how I feel about your doing nothing now just try something!”
Thought while wandering through the Chem.
Aroma wasn’t built in a day.
“My idea of education is to unsettle the minds of the young and to Inflame their intellects.”—^Robert M. Hutchins.
Strangely enough, though a kid
Building: can’t understand the laws of per-
sonal property and mayhem, he is human enough to sense the personal implications in such a glance
(Continued on page 4)
For the elucidating pome on campus loves and the gal hack home, we award the MARS double-pass to “Redraw.” See you at the UNION desk at one . ..
Here’s a little tip from our St. Joseph correspondent—STU— In Chicago she was Sadie, In Detroit he called her Fay, Out in Pittsburgh she was Mabel In Milwaukee, Ada May. She was Flo in Cleveland, But we kinda have a hunch. In his expense account to father, She was text-books, lab fees, lunch. “My girl IS devine.” “That’s nothing. Mine’s de-ber-ries ” A sorry plight—Our Fuller, nee Parlon, on bended knee before “Breath-of-Spring” Gregory in front of the MARS after seeing current show—The Bride Comes Horned Students at University of Michigan may take out flunking insurance If the student flunks out the company gives him enough money to pay his way through summer school. U. M Daily. A MORy\.L FOR MEN He scratched upon an icy pane. The ice withstood him meanly. He scratched some more and then he swore In manner most obscenely. At last he stood and on the ice He gently blew warm air; The warmth it felt and then did melt And soon it was not there A woman’s temper is like that, For when she’s “stubborn mean,” Though ranting will avail you not, A kiss may change the scene. —Bystander. A startling lack of gossip indicates a lull season and till the new
ARC SIDNEY FOX - PAUL KELLY in “SCHOOL FOR GIRLS” HARRY CAREY
“WILD MUSTANG” “ADVENTURES OF REX AND RINTY”
Engl A For 80 HA 14a IM 86 MB 90 „ Phar 33 Phya Ic Phya 84 Phya 124 Poul 26
-All All _ All All -All All All A,XA.YA,B,XB. C,XC,D XD .E,XE,P.G A.11 All -All -A All All AU Jtll -JVll PeMod iJS
Phya 202 SC 211
Course
Divisions
Room
AH 108
Jill
Ag 117, 118
B 8
-A.il
*
ChE 188
-All
♦
Chem lb
All
Ed 201
C&T 18
All
HE 109
C&T 24
All
HE 109
C&T 126
AU _
_ HE 108
Ed 17PEM
All
*
EE 4
J!ill
*
EE 11
JVll
Engl C
-All
*
Engl 31
A-E XB,
XO
Ed 101
Math 12
A,XA
Math 12
B
Rec 302
Math 12
XBCXC
ME 33
D,E Ail
ME 3
ME 62
Jill
*
ME 172
All
ME 207 108
PEW 76
All Period 16
♦
FRIDAY, JAN 24 8 11
A M
Course
Divisions
Room
AE 11
-All
Ag Ch 109
-All
Chem 116
-All
Chem 220
DH 118
All
EE 6
Jtll
EE 23
All
4
Math 1
_ _R XR S
XSTU V
«
Math 2
E
*
semester
you’ll find llib, lihp and
me fighting the blizzard the “Tom
and Jerry” way
Family TODAY FRIDAY SATURDAY
^ „HE CRAVED ANDFOUND ROMANCE '
TUI mmmi
T © » AY Friday - Saturday
DOUBLE FFATUBF
HE WENT ©N A SPEN0ING SE>E^iEmtS seS put m gs'iLS
A ©©LDEN VOBCE8
TOD AY Friday - Saturday
ir@ mwE^
A WORTHV SUCCiSSOa TO ^ITHAPPiWi®
.Mi>« mNYmK E© £"lf3TE
WITH
ROiERT YOUm
CUFF iDWAUDS
Hardie Albright - Ruf h Connelly
Extra “BROADWAY BALLYHOO” MUSICAL REVUE
Lesrii to Pance Correctly New Begliiiiers’ Class in Ballroom Dancing Opens Wed., Feb. 12, 7:30 p.iii. New Advanced Class Opens Fri., Feb 14, 7'30 p.m. ALLEN’S 6th & Perry
SATEST SHAPES
u FINEST V m briar m MONEY ■™- CAN BUY \ OKSEA'IO OF VAIU
MiilCCI (PATTEMTEISJ . This simple appear, ing yet amaailsig absorbent filter yention with Cellos phane extenor and cooling mesh acraejs interior keepsydees ^ and flakes mFiltet and out of month. Prevents tongne bite, raw moi tb, wet bee], bad odor, frequent expectoration. No breaking in Improves thetaateand .aromaofany .tobacco
IDEAL GIFT! SECOMMEHDED BV MILS.!! ISEBS
Like music vitia your meals? Them listen to the snap — crackle — pop of Kellogg’s Rico Krispies when you pour om milk or cream! Crisp. Crunchy. And their flavor 18 as inviting as their sound. Try R ice Krispies for breakfast or lunch. They’re extia tempting when you add fruit or honey. And for that bedtime snack, after an evening of study or fun, there’s nothing quite so satisfying as a bowlful of these delicious toasted rice hubbies. Light, nourishing, easy to digest. They help you sleep. At restaurants, hotels and grocers everywhere. Ovenfresh, ready to serve. Mad© by Kellogg in Battle Gre^. Quality guaranteed.
A
r-gp'rf
Listen!— get hungryh
IM^ermen Meet Maroons Feb. 1
Coach Larry LaBree's BoilermakerSj with a .600 per ‘.6ent record in the two meets to date, will match strokes With Chicago University in the Maroon pool February 1, for the first Big Ten meet of the season. The team, which is a stronger unit than last year, has' hopes of winning from the Maroons as the Boilermakers have i^etained most of their last year stars, while the swimmers from the Midway have lost several valuable point winners. Led by Capt. Pa\il Vernor, ^the Old Gold and Black swimmers will include among likely point winners, Farwell, Stewart, and Gillis in the dashes. backstroke is taken care of by McCauley, and Kerber. Barnes and Davenport will be the representatives of the diving events while the distance crawls will be competed by Whitcomb and Closson. Following the invasion of the Maroon pool, the Purdue swim squad will journey to Champaign for a dual meet with the Illini on Feb. 8.
Lookers in the main lock^ room of tho gyninasium ifidst be renewed Saturday oi 'thia week. Any material remaining in lockers at this time will ^ cleaned out. CLEVETDT.
UNIVERSITY HOUSING— (Continued from page 1) the soundness of the structure or that would impair their value as mortgage security over a term of years. The experience of those in charge of the project has been that to maintain sound construction standards and provide reasonable space accomodations, many of the items usually' associated ■with American living standards must be omitted. Only the simplest eqjiipment can be ineluded. Charts shown in the report indicate that present building construction activity centers around 25 per cent of the entire housing field. The present Purdue studies are
.cent. Seyenty-siir tk^-; lurasliig ; touched. , The report ulso included cMtectnrsl perspectives and plans of five of the houses constructed hp the Housing search Project* These are in gen* eral houses'With fiat roofs, tto basements, and include a eombination living-dining room, kitchen,' three bed rooms, hath and garage, to which well know architects have contributed their skill in planning.
ALLSPAW BAEBER & BEAUTY SHOPPE Shampoo and Winger 327 State St. and on meree St. DialZOtt?
Upper Left—View of the modern hangar at the Purdue University airport, at Lafayette, which was constructed by FERA workers. Upper Right—Classroom,, where instruction in aeronautics is given to students. Lower Left-cPurdue students at work in the aeronautical laboratory. Lower Right—^The large doors of the hangar, which are electrically controlled.
Purdue University has one of the most complete and modern airports and hangars in Indiana, which was constructed under a work relief project of the Federal Emergency Relief Administration, in cooperation with University officials. Described as probably the finest airport in the country controlled by a university, the facilities it provides have placed the University in a position of leadership in the field of aeronautical education and research. The airport was laid out on a tract of 222 acres of land owned by the University, near the edge of the city and within easy access from the buildings on the campus, FERA workers were employed to grade, drain and sod the tract; to build a forty-foot road for one-half mile to connect the airport ■with the main highway, and to connect the plot with the city water mains and
the University power lines. They also- placed boundary and field markers and installed an adequate lighting system, to make possible night operations. A department of commerce rotary beacon was also installed at the airport. Electric Doors The hangar, with which is combined an aeronautical laboratory, is a modern brick, steel and reinforced concrete structure. The hangar proper is of one-story and is one hundred and three feet long and eighty-five feet wide. It has a capacity of twenty airplanes. Entrance for planes is through double doors, eighty by sixteen feet in size which are electrically controlled. The rest of the building is of two stories, one hundred and three feet long and twenty-five feet wide, surmounted by d central tower. This section^ of the building houses the
New line of Floral Silk Prints for Spring, 39 in. 76c-$1.00 yd. 39 in. Silk Taffeta in blue and white and brown and white. 59c' yd. Spring line of wools for suits and skirts in checks and novelty weaves, 54 in. width. $1.59-$1.98 yd. 54 in. Wool Plaids in Spring shades $1.00 yd. 38 in. Slip Taffeta in dark and light colors....33c-39c yd.
Tieie & Wangerin Coipaiy
mm
facilities for educational and research work in aeronautics, administrative offices, machine shops and equipment and quarters for students. In the tower is an observation room, with complete radio equipment, which provides weatherreporting service and directional aid to flyers, under supervision of the department of commerce. When the airport was laid out, two diagonal natural sod runways, each more than 4,300 feet long, were provided on the landing field, A project is now under way through the Works Progress Administration for the construction of a concrete runway 100 feet wide, a concrete approach from the hangar apron to the runway, additional grading and other improvements, 24 Airports The Purdue airport is one of 24 that were constructed by FERA workers in Indiana. In addition, ten were improved and extended. Two other hangers were erected, at Seymour and Winamac. The administration building at the municipal airport in Fort Wayne was built and the grounds were landscaped by relief workers. Other airports constructed by FERA workers are situated in the following towns and cities: Angola, Bloomington, Conners■ville, Shelbyville, French Lick, Sullivan, Rensselaer, Culver, Fowler, Marengo, North Vernon, Plymouth, Seymour, Valparaiso, Washington, Rochester, Winamac, Wawasee, Columbus, Michigan City, Portland, and Farmland. Another was constructed in the Bro'wn County State
Park.
Improvements Improvements and extensions were made on airports in the following cities: Terre Haute, Kokomo, South Bend, Marion, Evansville, Port Wayne, Muncie, Madison, Peru and Richmond. In addition, FERA labor was engaged in making improvements at Stout Field and Schoen Field, military airports, in Indianapolis, and at the Indianapolis Municipal Airport. No emergency landing fields were constructed, as all air field work was done with a permanent airport on each site as the objective. Another project designed to promote air travel was the airmarking of approximately 400 cities, to'wns and villages in the state. This work was done in all the ninety-two counties. Between three and five towns and cities in every county now display their names in such manner that they are plainly visible from the air. All markings were made in compliance with regulations of the department of commerces. The names were emblazoned in “international orange” colored paint, on the rooftops of prominent buildings in each locality. The markings have proved of great assistance to pilots in determining their exact positions when flying between certain points. They also enable air travelers from outside the state to tell almost immediately when they enter Indiana,
W.
L.
Pet. _
Indiana
5
0
1.000 ■
PURDUE
/...3
0
1.000
Michigan
3
2
.600
Ohio State ....
3
2
.600
Northwestern
2
2
.50fl
Wisconsin
2
3
.400
Illinois
2
3
.400
Towa ..
9.
3
.400
TVriiTnfif?nt.a ....
1
4
.200 =
Chicago
0
4
.000
Antiquated
“band-box”
gymna-
TEN STANDING^
KEYS Keys for tranks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. P. Jos. Mislhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Iiafayette, Ind.
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
siums are to blame for the mediocre brand of basketball played in New England, says A1 McCoy, coach of Northeastern University, Boston.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
Chop Steak and Triple XXX Hoot Beer Paves the Way for Easy Rnals Daring: finals we will remain open until 2 A. H. FREE DELIVERY on 8 or More Telephone 3423 Ask for Bert
Triple XXX State and Littleton
ure
ei F. (.orniwd tlihiioo.
M. A. Peterson, M. E. ’32, is 'with the Indiana Production Department of the C. A. Dunham Co., of Michgan City.
When you advertise in The Exponent you are absolutely certain of getting your message before the student body at Pur^ due University. The Exponent is the official student publication at Purdue and cputains all the student activities as well as all the doings on the campus. In no way can you so completely reach this select group of buyers as by advertising in The Exponent.
> 'vi'! v'' ■
A «?'■
'Mi
5 Act?
' -i#.' iV‘v/fv '' ’arm
■■i
CldssiliedI Ads.
life
TYi^WRlTERB ADDINt} MACHINES—For sale, rent, repaired aad iJdtight, Mijlti and minaeogriipli work ddnfe. C. Fv Eberslioff, 606 Mdiii St. Phone 2779.
For Rent--Second semester, excellent quiet study, private sleepihg porch attached for instructor or upperclassman. 216 Chauncey. 75731.
CO-EDITS
To Tearer-Uppers It’S an age old subject,, hint for some reasoh <0; otlic^, all ttiat i>has been said or written has not yet taken full effect on idiat one class prevalent in the UniyerSity-^those who tear up the magazines put yn public places for the use of eyeryc one. ■ ■ '
Wanted—Soommate, first floor near bath; near University—-$10.00. Also, one double room, first floor, garage—boys. Phone 36762.
Rooms—For four students with cooking privileges—145 Pierce. Call 46802. Mrs. Christy.
Chamberlain’s Special For This Week—Cherry Custard and Vanilla Order it—it’s delicious.
Wanted—Student to share large double room with gentleman. Twin beds. 126 Andrew Place. Phone 2367.
For room, p. m.
Rent—One large 332 Westlutz. Call
double after 2
ATWATER KENT 7-tube radio —-good one $8.00, also console R. C. A. radio $10. Back number magazines, 1 cent to 5 cents each. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 5th St.
A few days ago we were passing away a bit Of in-betvreen time in the Women’s Iiounge and looking at some of the magazines plaCed there by the Union for the use of all co-eds. The first article in Pho toplay referred us to page 61 for a ne# section appearing for the first time that month, but when we began to look for page ■ 61, it was gone, as were air the rest of the large photographs from page 69 to page 70. Needless to say, we were very angry. The rough edges were left to prove to us that someone had been unable to resist the temtation of improving her collection of movie stars. This magazine had been received by the Union on January 9 and less than one week later it was partly demolished.
These magazines were placed in the Women’s Lounge after a great deal of consideration and discussion by, the Union Board and upon the advice of the W.S.G.A. Executive Board. Must this enjoyable relaxation be stopped because some coeds cannot leave alone what does not belong to them ?
I
Contributors*
For Rent—Second semester. One double room, twin beds. Ill Coumbia Avenue, West Lafayette. Call 75253. - ,
Wanted—Roommate to share 2 rooms; male student, 224 S. Grant St. Phone 46901.
For Rent—Student room. Lutz Ave. Phone 66023.
330
Wanted—Another man to share room. Modei'n home near campus 339 W. Oak.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p.
Condition Szams in Applied Mechanics— AM 1—Saturday, Jan. 26, 8-11 A. M., Pur. 101 : AM 2—Saturday, Jan. 25, 1-4 P. M., Pur. 101. —POORMAN.
It seems we’re expressing all of our pet peeves today. Although it has not been officially announced, it has become well-known that all women students registered in the school of Home Economics, beginning with the class of 1937, will be required to take the course listed in the catalog as Home Administration 14, Or commonly known as practice house. There is no one of whom we have heard that would deny the value of such a course, but what about these juniors who al re^ady have made out their schedule for the remainder of their school years and do not have a place in it for such a course, or who have chosen a certain course because it does not involve disagreeable (to them) subjects? ;
Co-ed Recreational Hour—The Women’s •Gym will be open daily at 4 for recreationaractivities (ping-pong, badminton, volleyball, shuffleboard, deck tennis) during the final exam period. Women may invite men as their guests. —HAZBLTON.
Cp-ed Physical Education—Women students qualifying for license to teach physical education should see Miss Hazelton about courses before end. of exam period. Make appointments in the main office. —HAZELTON.
of
Women’s Open Swim—Thursday evening from 7:30 to 9 :30. . —ELLIS. ,
Philena Palmer Will Attend Convention In New York Miss Philena Palmer, of the clothing and textiles department, will spend next week in New York City, where she will attend the silver jubilee convention of the National Retail Dry (ioods Association. Miss Palmer is in charge of the merchandi,sing course for senior students spiecializing in clothing and textiles. ..
After discussing the subject with a great many students and a few instructors, and hearing it perused by a great many more, the general opinion Seems to be that the course itself is alright but should not be forced on students already having chosen a career which did not in elude it. When the number hours required to graduate are lowered, the new ruling did not affect those already registered in the University, therefore when another new rule is made, why should it not go into effect as the hour rule did, that is, begin to take effect on next
year’s freshman class?
E. E. H.
The U. of Alaska has been closed because of a scarlet fever epidemic.
RIVETS^
(Continued from page 2)
and recognize a strictly private relation about which he had best keep mum. Momentarily, at least, the attack so that he is likely to neither grab a leg or swing from one’s scarf, but rather, to stand still a moment and try to figure out one’s
foreboding eye.
Personal History By Vincent Sheeah; Douhleday, Doran and Go., New York, 1936,
398'.'pagbs;^,: V: '
Mi*. iSKeean -was jferineriy a: foreign correspondent for jthe Ghicago Trifcituje* later a correspiond^ for the North American Nes-wspaper Alliance, A nation-wide news syfidieate,:and at preseilt probably a frSe, lahee ex-journalist writing of his newspaper experiehces. His work as foreign; corresppndent, covering the decade from 1920 to 1930, was as varied, adventuresome, and full as one can imagine. Personal History is an account of his wander ings during those hectic ten years. The bqok is hardly autobiography, for Mr. Sheean gives us little of his personal character, nor is it a finished work of art. Like every journalist, he is hardly an artist, but his journalistic style has the saving grace of exceptional readability, with a liberal measure of ingratiating charm. His outlook on the teeming world he was obliged to write of is not original or immensely brilliant, but he writes accurately, and he is never misled by the great amount of political hokum to which he was exposed. Personal History, aside from its qualities as an exceedingly interesting narrative, contains a large amount of instructive information. Mr. Sheean’s chapters on the various and numerous international conferences which were held in the European capitals, and the internal mechanism of the respective governments of the European nations, immediately after the World War, contain much that is worthwhile. Europe, in the years following the War was, as it has ever been and is today, a seething hotbed of antagonistic and irreconcilable interests and aims. Its international diplomacy was reduced to the dismal level of cheap and hypocritical bickering,^with each representative of his particular government endeavoring, by all: of the craft and trickery he could muster, to outdo his opponents. The League of Nations, founded, on the most grandiose and utopian ideals, eventually degenerated into a pitiful circus of prancing zanies. The poltrpons who argued at its conferences are treated to a bath in a very illuminating spotlight by the author. And our noble American diplomats, largely Babbits recruited froni the steel corporations, are spared little mercy. The whole hideous and indecent mess is described in a delightfully personal and readable manner, Mr. Sheean, in addition to being an able journalist, is also quite evidently the charming but idiotic adventurer of the Byrd and Lindbergh type. He sacrificed every bit of bodily comfort, decency and even boldly risked his life, to get into the Riff territory during the time the select of Allah were making it exceedingly hot for the French and Spanish in the rock-bound hell of North Africa. He became friends with many Arabs, including the famous Abd el-Krim himself, and came out of the foul land with an immensely intriguing tale of the Riff Wars. And his information is unclouded by any attempt to glorify or romanticize the inscrutable
...but the CLOTHES PROBLEM can be solved by sending them regularly to us to be cleaned and pressed. WE HAVE BOTH Naphtha and Carhon^Tet Cleaning METHODS
FINE
C LEA N E R S
6 F
:f I-'N' e;: ; ■ ■
Arab. He wrote of him as he is: a zealous and fanatic fighter while the going was good, but a sullen, unlikeable chap, alternately cursing and praying, when the enemy
had the upper hand.
Unfortunately the interest and activity of the first part of the book wanes rapidly. The whole narrative, in fact, seems to run down toward the end. There is a large section entitled “Revolution,” dealing mainly with the Chinese disturbances of the late 20’s, which is aimless and often dull. Mr, Sheean attempts to . philosophically set down his feelings of pro-Commun-ist nature, but I suspect, that the sheer immensity of the Russian and Chinese situations left him somewhat staggered. However, he again gives a great deal of information, even though, when his interpretations border on the philosophical, he is guilty of several errors. His vital interest in the Russian experiment seems to overshadow a great deal of his writing, and at times forces him to grope badly for his actual reaction to the events about him. But this is vastly better than any mere journalistic account, no matter how well such ah account is written. Mr. Sheean is no creative artist, and certain of the persons he writes of are inadequately porti’ayed. But perhaps he cannot be called to task for these omissions. We have enough stuffy and useless so-called creative artists in America today. As a “Personal History” the book
isAvell worth anyone’s time. Color and spontaneity are in it; it is modern without being a’^tificial; it is carefully planned and well turned out. A necessarir and comprehend sive index is at the end. —Carl Condit.
CoLLECIATE
iVIEW
By Associated Collegiate Press;
A. B. DeGree is the name of a Williston, N. D., man. Middlebury College will join other schools in dropping Latin and math as entrance requirements. Assets • of Temple University, Philadelphia, have risen $6,000,000 in ten years. Ph. D.’s are almost certain jobtickets today, says Northwestern U.’s placement bureau, with start ing salaries averaging $200 per month. A. W. Hoffman, E. E. ’31, is with the Allis-Chalmers Co, Milwaukee, Wis.
, Efek:I}eiital,€lliiic ' ■ PAUL A. EISK' / ':■ .. ROBERT :G. BISK: ■ HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER Ai.v RISK . 4flt0 Schaltz BldR. Phone 5791 Corner 4th and Main
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler amd Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE K FISHER , Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
: DEAC : HAS EVERYTHING V . for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
—os they soy of the Beaux Arts—|ost plolo Red and Black down on the farm-—Brick Red and Black^in Higgins' American Drawing Inks. A greot pair to draw 1© —or with. The sixteen Higgins* Colors give a full house that you con always bank oii. CHAS. M. HIGGINS « CO.,lneo 871 Ninth St. Brooklyn, N. HIGGINS' American DRAWING INKS
'ihe College Worlci...,
iEllEEEPEIIil
©r.lEiiifif 1161.1
room (Mr car or grip—niw free! Authentic designs; eadi pennant bears official aeai of each University in group- Now given with eaxii AvTOFomr or RbalITB pendL Seven 10-pen-nant sets altbgetha*; each set different; collect them aOl! See Autopoints and Realitbs today, with the exclusive easier-writing Gi^'Hp and modem simplified marhanism that always works. Leads can't wobble. All sizes, styles, colors, 25c to $3. AT all LEAPING PEALIPtS
In that crucial moment, one should shift one’s attention completely to the host or some other object as though the infant organism was of the utmost insignificance. (Never dotei or cop over a first acquaintance. Nothing can precipitate such violent, and reciprocal attention.) If, out of the corner of one’s eye, the child can be seen preparing for a joyous attack, one had best cast about for some removeci object of interest upon which to sic him. Rest assured, however, that the art of discouraging infants is not yet mastered. And if worse comes to 'worse, take the mauling with a smile, chalk it up to good experience, and resolve to employ even moye dynamic glances the next time.
DR. A. M, IRION . ' Dentist. Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
SPAMRENDAHL Merchant Tailpr 507 Main St.
Easy Way ; ..Aq Win a You may be looking for a debate jsubject, ^‘take
one:
DV
King’s College, London University has just founded the only completely autonomous school of journalism in England.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
It’s cheaper to have your linen supplied on a rental basis
fjB0mrp0»ntU
WE S U P P L Y
WHY B U Y ?
**One Picture Tells as Much as Ten Thousand WordsT' Shutters click . . . flashlights flare . . ^ cameramen ore '’Johnny on the spe^t"* wherever and whoever anything erf interest to the college student hapjpens . . . to bring to the Editor of Collegiate Digest three thousand pictures every monfe . . but of course it is only possible tO bring you the best of these . . \ in addition to the numerous collegiate features,,appearing exclusively in Collegiate Digest every week with