I
Purdue
Z-186
Exponent
Lafayette, bidiona
THURSDAY
May 11.1939
Vol. 50
No. 179
Prom Ticket Distribution Will Start Next Tuesday
Jo Friend.
Tickets for the 1939 Junior Prom will be distributed beginning Tuesday, May 16 at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. The stubs from the permit are not good as tickets and they must be presented for the ticket by Friday, May 19, at 4 p. m. “We put 800 tickets on sale hoping that 150 would be returned. After the 160 had been returned we were going to sell the remainder to the waiting list. To date only 65 tickets have been returned. It begins to look very doubtful as to whether there will be enough turned in for the waiting list to get any,” said Ralph Reiley last night. Those wishing refunds on their stubs should turn them in to the cashier’s office before Wednesday, May 17, at 4 o’clock.
Senate Delegates To Attend Meeting Three delegates from the Student Senate will leave tomorrow morning for the midwestern Regional Convention of the National Student ^ Federation of America, being held at Kent State Normal College, Kent, O., this Friday and Saturday. The delegates are Herb Fishbum, new senate president. Mart Estey, new vice-president, and Ralph Reiley. I Fishburn is the delegate at large for the convention. He was elected at the national NSFA convention held here last December. The delegates will return Sunday afternoon.
Official Board Will Review
Entire Military Corps Today
Elliott To Address Duality For Finals
les
s
Dr. E. C. Elliott will speak before all students interested in activities, Monday evening at 8 o’clack, in the faculty lounge of the Union. The primary purpose of Dr. Elliott’s speech will be to inform activity workers of general methods for improving the extra-curricular activities at the University. Although President Elliott will speak primarily for the benefit of students who intend to be engaged in an activity next year, his speech is also calculated to be of special interest to the newly elected officers of the various campus organizations and activities. He will also disclose the importance of the new Union additions to the activities. Bill Breuer of the "Activities Bureau, sponsor of the meeting, will introduce the President. Dr. Elliott Addresses Exponent Meeting Stressing accuracy in presentation of facts and news, the necessity for tolerant and friendly relations with faculty members, and the important role played by Exponent in creating impressions of the University, President E. C. Elliott talked for almost an hour last night to the members of the Exponent editorial business, and circulation staffs. Dr. Elliott was preceded on the program by University Publicity Director T. R. Johnston, who was introduced by Exponent’s editor-in-chief, Harris I. Stanback.
Four teams survived the semifinal round of the all-campus bridge tournament Monday night, qualifying for the final round trophy play off at 7 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union tonight. Remaining teams are Phi Gamma Delta No. 1, Local No. 101, Four. Aces, and Chocolate Shop Four. They will play a round of 24 tilts, eight against each team, and the top team will receive an appropriate trophy. According to Julius Borne, who j,s in charge of the contest, spectators are welcome for the final round.
At Phi Mu Style Show Prof. P. E. Lull of the University speech department read “Pride and Prejudice,” a play on the story by Jane Austen, at a play revue-style show sponsored by Phi Mu alumnae club last night in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Prof. Lull is a graduate of Albion College, Michigan, where he was prominent in dramatics. He is also a member of Tau Kappa Alpha, national debate and forensic honorary. “Pride and Prejudice” is the humorous story of a mother with three eligible daughters and all the trials and tribulations which she faced in finding suitable husbands for each of them. Members of the active and alumnae chapters of Phi Mu modeled clothes which were furnished by the Fashion in a style show which constituted the remainder of the program. Betty Jane Amos played a piano s^lo and also played the accompaniment for the style show.
Scholastic Honorary H. Strauss, ME '37, Udures Will Sell Corsages Parade Of Progress
Alpha Lambda Delta, scholastic honorary for freshmen women, is conducting its annual sale of corsages for Mother’s Day, today and tomorrow. Proceeds of the sale will go into the society’s scholarship fund for sophomore women. Price and variety of the corsages are the same as for those obtained directly from florists. Orders for corsages may be placed before tomorrow night by calling Joan LeBoeuf, 4061, chairman of the drive, or may be given to any member of Alpha Lambda Delta. Wesley Players... . . . national dramatic religious organization, announces the election of the following officers: Marjorie Hoover, president; Earl Dnggleby, vice-president; Fairie Totten, secretary and Footlight reporter; Bill Peterson assistant secretary; Morton McConnell, Treasurer.
... is the songstress with Bill Martin’s Band that will play for the annual Airport Dance to be held in the Purdue Airport hangar Friday night from 9 to 12. Crowd will be limited according to the size of the hangar; however, tickets are still available at the west desk of the Union, at Deac’s and Southworth’s. To three lucky couples purchasing tickets before 5 p. m .today will go free airplane rides. Free transportation service will be given to and from the Union and the Residence Halls from 8:30 to 9:30 p. m. and from 11:30 to 12:15 p. m. Decora'tions will include a glider in each corner with a plane hung from the ceiling. Refreshments will be sold on the roof of the hangar. Tickets are $1.25 a couple.
iroadcast
Geraldine Elliott To Speak At Annual Banquet Next Week Geraldine Elliott, program director of station WJR at Detroit, will address the annual Stage-Stump-Studio banquet to be held in Lincoln Lodge next Thursday, May 18, at 6 p. m. First woman ever to address the annual banquet. Miss Elliott’s talk will be flavored by her interest in radiojjdramatics, and forensic activities. Invitations are being extended to all who were active in Playshop, debating, WBAA, and in the production of “The Mikado.” Tickets priced, at 65 cents are available at the radio station and at the English and Playshop offices. In addition to Miss Elliott’s talk, the program will include dancing, numbers representing each of the three branches of the speech department, and the presentation of the awards to persons who have done outstanding work in each of the activities to be represented at the banquet. Transportation will be furnished from the Union Building to Lincoln Lodge to all tho'se desiring it.
Mass Formation On Russell Field At 2:30 Will Top National Inspection Program Twenty-four hundred strong, the University ROTC will pass in review before an official inspecting board this afternoon, highlighting the^nuaTtv^o-day inspection by United States War Department. The revibw will get underway following a 13-gun salute at 2:30 o’clock in honor of Major General Robert H. Tyndall of the 38th division of the National Guard, who is attending the inspection. The corps will form at 1:45 p. m. in the Armory.
Class work and drill will be inspected by the board this morning, continuing Friday with a visit to various other classes covering the instructional work of the military department. The afternoon’s review program calls for an inspection of the entire corps and a motor battalion, calisthenics, and a
command system drill. Substitute Review
In case of rain, a substitute inspection will be held inside the Armory. Due to limited accommodations, however, only passholders for reserved stands and such relatives of the senior military students as can be taken care of will be admitted. Admission will be authorized by the Provost Marshall at the south door of the Armory after
2:15 p. m.
The military department has requested that all pedestrians enter the Intramural Field prior to 1:45
Honoring the mothers of Indiana, a program will be broadcast by the Indiana Home Economics Association over the University’s radio station, WBAA, May 13 from 12 to 12:30. This fifth annual broadcast will include music by the White County farm-women’s chorus, Purdue University and Lafayette high school students, short talks by state officers of the association, and a brief address by J. Raymond Schutz of Indianapolis. Appearing on the program will be President Mrs. William Bach of Hobart, Miss Anita Beadle, secretarytreasurer, Mrs. Lloyd Davis, Miss Jean Marshall, Marvin Smith, and Mrs. Harold Phend of Monticello, who will direct the White County chorus. Committee making arrangements for the radio program is composed of: Mrs. Lloyd Davis, Clinton County; Mrs. E. C. Adams, Grant county; and Mrs. Vernie Stevens, Carroll county. Arnold Castor... . . . EE ’31, has been working with the National Defense Power Committee of the War Department in Washington, D. C. He recently received notification of the extension of his appointment for an indefinite period, according to word received here.
les
Justin Cline, of Chicago, field representative of the National Youth Hostel Movement, will give an illustrated lecture here Friday, at 4 p.m. in the Faculty lounge of the Union. He is being brought to the campus under the sponsorship of WAA. Cline will show a series of motion pictures dealing with the present youth hostels in New England and the middle west. The purpose of this meeting, which will be open to anyone interested, is to stimulate interest in the recently organized Purdue Outing Club. Final PIA Dancing Class Will Be Held In Memorial
12
Final PIA dancing class will be held Monday, May 15, from 7:30 to 10 in the Memorial Gymnasium. The dance is for all those who have taken instruction in the PIA dancing classes throughout the year. The music vdll be furnished by recordings played over the public address system. A limited number of men can be furnished dates if they call the PIA office.
Cadet Col. Lownie Wins Sniith Saber For Tadics Work Cadet Colonel Harold W. Lownie, commander of the 3rd regiment of Purdue Field Artillery, won the Albert Smith saber award for turning in the best solution to an artillery tactical problem. The second and third places in this contest went to Cadet Major D. F. Bline and Cadet Lieutenant Colonel L. E. Keck, both of the third regiment. The following received honorable mention: Cadet Captain Louis Barley, Cadet Captain John Weist, Cadet Captain John Hopkins, and Cadet Colonel
Jack Rudolph.
The problem involved the defense of an area by artillery fire, and the correct solution took into consideration the practical as well as the theoretical aspects of a perfect
defense.
Presentation of the sabers will be made at the ROTC National Inspection Banquet to be held in the Union this evening at 7 o’clock. President E. C. Elliott, who will act as toastmaster at the banquet, will make the presentation. National honor graduates of the Purdue Corps will also be presented.
les
Due In Union May 18 Entries in the annual spring camera club exhibit, to be on display in the Union May 20 to 27, are due in the Student Union office by Thursday, May 18, according to the com-
mittee in charge.
Restrictions have been removed and the contest thrown open to all students and faculty members in addition to members of the club. However, an entrance fee of 25 cents to cover prize costs will be
charged non-members.
Competition will be in two classes student and faculty, covering the divisions of portrait, landscape, still life, and miscellaneous, with prizes of photographic equipment for the
winners in each division.
Harold A. Strauss, ME ’37, is now a member of the General Motors Parade of Progress lecturing staif. He joined the caravan in March of this year and holds a place as a research commentator. The General Motors Parade of Progress is now presenting its scientific exhibits at the Levee Play Grounds. GE Classes To View Movie On Salesman Technique “Two Salesmen in Search of an Order,” a talking motion picture showing two ways to go about getting a sale, will be shown to General Enginering 105 class Friday morning in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. L. E. Grisco, branch manager of the Dictaphone Corporation, Indianapolis, will be in charge of the meeting.
Matthews To Crown Jessie Graham
May Queen At Mothers Day Festivities Somoza To Visit
Campus May 21
Highlight of the Mother’s Day program planned by WSGA for Saturday afternoon. May 13, at 3:30 will be the crowning of the May Queen in the Union ballroom. Jessie Graham, May Queen, will be crowned by Gordon Matthews, president of the Student Union, and then escorted to her place of honor for the remainder of the program. Members of the court are Betty Jo Sexton, Sally McKee, Georgiana Pittman, Martha Wood, Mary Wien, Mary Alice Learning, and TPeggy
Hamilton.
Preceding the crowning of the May Queen, pledges to Mortar Board will be formally pledged. Entertainment has been scheduled for the mothers. In the morning co-eds are presenting a style show in the Home Economics auditorium. Some of the best dresses,
made this year in the clothing courses will be shown. The style show will be followed by a luncheon in the Union ballroom. The remainder of the afternoon will be occupied by the WSGA program scheduled for 3:30 in the ballroom. At 6:30 that evening there will be the University Sing on the Oval. Afterward mothers may go to Playshop’s presentation of “Journey’s End” or perhaps to the Mixer. After an 8:30 breakfast Sunday morning in the faculty lounge, there will be a convocation sponsored by YWCA for the mothers in Eliza Fowler Hall. The Gymkhana, Purdue Riding Club Show, at 2:30 on Intramural Field, will close the festivities planned for the moth-
ers.
Senor Anastasio Somoza, president of Nicaragua, will be on the campus Sunday, May 21, according to T. R. Johnston, publicity director of the University, who returned from Washington, D. C., yesterday where he was making arrangements for the visit. President Somoza is including the University in his trip because .of his interest in what the agricultural department is doing with crop work and animal breeding. He will arrive for luncheon Sunday noon and will spend the afternoon in a tour of the campus. Music for the Nicaraguan national anthem has been obtained and will be played for Senor Somoza by the Military Band.
According to word received by T. R. Johnston, University publicity director, a Fox-Movietone photography and sound crew will be on hand with equipment to make pictures of the ROTC National Inspec- | tion today. Although an invitation was sent to the Chicago office of Fox several days ago, no definite word of acceptance was received until last night, Johnston said. p. m. and after 2:15 p. m. via the Third Street entrance. Limited parking facilities will be open to the public on the west side of the field through the northwest gate on Stadium street, but parking on the east side of the field will be restricted to pass holders. Parking Restricted Parking will be prohibited on the north side of Third, Fourth, and Stadium streets near the field, and after 1:45 p. m. traffic along the streets will be restricted. The University parking area south of the Armory will be closed all day. Col. R. M. Milan and Major J. M. Sanderson, Lafayette; Major D. S. Doggett, Toledo, O.; all of the Organized Reserve Corps, and Major General Tsmdall, accompanied by Col. W. S. Drysdale, in charge of the Fifth Area Reserve Corps, and Lt. Col. B. E. McCunniff, in charge of plans and training for the area, will form the official reviewing board. WBAA announcers Hank Miller, Dick Pittenger, and Betty Erick will broadcast the entire review beginning at 1:45 p. m. University Sets New Classification Rules New rules regarding the classification of engineering juniors and seniors were adopted recently by the Executive Committee of the University faculty, according to a report received from the Executive Building yesterday. No student may be assigned a technical subject or given a junior clussification if he lacks more than 60 -semester hours of grade B or highers Civil engineering will not be counted. The same rule applies to senior cards for persons lacMng 30 hours of B. No exceptions to these rules will be made except with the recommendation of the head of the school in which the student is enroU^'i (i
Wlilil'll
t ^ **■ ’ "Si ^
£dihfdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J-ttaiuAaJL
Thutsdoy, May 11.1939
Excellent Morale...
... among chemical engineers is not a recent development; they have been notorious for holding their heads high on the campus since 1911. Strong school spirit and friendly, cooperative instructors, a basis for Good Teaching, are partly responsible for this feeling. “Handle the student as though he were working for you,” is the motto followed by Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the school. Intimate and friendly contact between faculty members and students is looked on with favor by both groups concerned. All sophomores and juniors are interviewed by Prof. C. L. Lovell and given confidential per-sonality-rating sheets to point out their own shortcomings. Every senior personally talks with Dr. Bray, describing what kind of work he seeks and what his ambitions are. Every chemical engineering student who receives a yellow slip is also interviewed by Dr. Bray ... he attempts not only to discover the cause for delinquency, but also to help the student correct this cause. This lead might well be taken by other engineering schools. Yellow slip percentages in the chemical school this semester were; seniors, 13.7 per cent; juniors, 15.8 per cent; and sophomores, 19.2 per cent. This is far below the University average of about 40 per cent. It is fixed policy in the chemical school never to employ a man of professorial rank without five years of practical experience in industry. Such a man’s practical outlook and his combined ability to handle men and give the class specific examples from his work are valuable to the ends of Good Teaching, the school believes. It is common for seach instructor to take a class vote to determine the most convenient time for an hour test. Rather than appointing a specific day for each exam, the instructors have found this “voting” plan far more popular among their students. Small classes and encouragement of question-asking are mutual aids in securing Good Teaching. Classes are preferably limited to 25, and instructors ask the class “Are there any questions?” Lantern slides are used to good advantage in making subject matter more vivid and interesting. Student honesty runs high in the chem school seldom have instructors found a student cheating. This itself is probably due to the high student morale and friendly feeling which exists between students and generally democratic professors. Chemical engineers are brought closely together by their summer school session. Working every day side by side, solving common problems, students get to know the true personality of their classmates. Long inspection trips also help develop comradeship and knit the school more firmly together. The school had six men in its first graduating class in 1911, under the leadership of Professor Peffer. Seniors now number 116, and the school enrollment has increased each year. Part of the chemical school’s spirit may be due to its rather gradual but marked growth, although it is now only slightly smaller than the electrical school, and is larger than the civil school. Behind all this is the high calibre of the chemical engineering student himself. No one can enter the school without making good grades in freshman chemistry, and entering students know that a tough course, long laboratory hours, and a summer school lie ahead of them. School spirit is definitely shown at the senior-faculty dinner, when 96 to 100 per cent of the'seniors turn out. This annual affair was first organized by the students themselves. All these facts indicate that the chemical school has continually held Good Teaching in high regard. While a few other schools have only rerecently awakened to the necessity of improving teaching conditions, this school has behind it years of Good Teaching development.—D. G. T.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY VICTOR
A NEW UN^ERSA^PICTURE — and —-
— also — FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS SERIAL
Personnel Notes
Company: Wright Aeronautical Corporation, Paterson, N. J. Representative: Walter Bishop. Visiting Purdue Tuesday, May 16 Interviewing: Mechanical engineering seniors.
LUMA Today-Friday-Saturday
TWO FIRST RUN HITS
How WillYou Vote? GUIlTYor INNOCENT when titis man goes
ON TRUi:
EMMIO tMSUS > MNn CHAPMAN • lAMES STEPHENSON Plus ROY ROGERS MARY HART — IN — "SHINE ON HARVEST MOON" — with — LULU BELLE and SCOTTY
MAid
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE MMiEiforPiiiffii! Nairs-hawk'B war agalntt atixaaring king's balcbing guns in tba million dollar Pohcx Backati,.
with LUCILLE BALL AUAN LANE DONALD MaoBRIDE Hall a Var that Shook the Undarworldl
He*s a ridin\ shooting son of a gun on horseback— k way out West where the fun begins!
RICHARB LANE JLORRRAINE KRUEBER PAW GWLFOne KAYSVneN Also DONALD DUCK CARTOON
WBAA
**THB VOICB or rClRDUB"
—^Today— 11:00—^PTA Program. 11:16—Morning Melodies. 11:30—County Federation of Clubs. 11:60—^Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Russ Mock, pianist. 12:16—Margaret Canine, soprano. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—Newspapei;s, Prof. Hugh McKee.
1:16—Eugene Finegan, violinist. 1:30—Footnotes on the Headlines Prof. Frank Hall. 1:46—National Inspection of the ROTC. 3:30—Parade of Business. 3:46—Kraft Saxophone Quartet. 4:00—America’s Hours of Destiny 4:30—Morey J. Doyle, pianist. 4:46—Story Book Hour. Forestry Club To Sponsor Field Day Forestry Club’s annual field day will be held at Ross camp Satur-
day, May 18. The class with the Highest number of points obtained by placing in the various scheduled events will have its class numerals placed on the Forestry Club field day plaque, which hang^s in the main forestry office.
Scheduled events are dendrology, pacing, compass traverse, sawing, track events, and soft ball. Singing, story-telling ,and a supper will be on the program for the evening. Friends of Forestry Club members are invited to attend.
TNEY'IL SLAY YOU WITH LAUGHS .. IN THEIR FASTEST, FUNNIEST SCREEN TREATI
-2 DAYS only-
today - FRI. MADS
SufueiA,
FOR MOTHER
When Mother receives her box of Glatx home made candy she’ll know she received the very best. Packages wrapped for mailing; there is still time for them to get there Sunday.
CLATZ
536 MAIN
LAFAYETTE
. . . Jeanette ^swings" and
SIHelHG "
sings and romances
with a new leading
.f
many»
— Plus — BLUE BARRON AND ORCHESTRA
COLOR CARTOON
BROADWAY SEREMADE with LEW IAN FRANK AY^ES HUNTER MORGAN Screen Play by Charles Lederer
TODAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY UffdKfiTU
Rolls, dropcakes, donuts — to thrill the palate. The lightest, best flavored pastries you ever tasted. Wonderful examples of baking artistry. Good? They are terrific! Graves quality Bakery
124 Stale, W. L.
Phone 3852
You can count on a swell crowd of congenial student fellow-travelers, of course. For these fine ships of Holland rate first choice for pleasant accommodations, shipboard fun on deck or dance floor—and for food that makes you wish the voyage were longer 1 C** STCA means ejther Student Tounst Class or Student Tliiid Class Association) TO ENGLAND, FRANCE AND HOLLAND FROM NEW YORK STATENDAM, June2.22: Julyia VEENDAM Juno 17 ZAANDAM (new)*, June 10; July 8 NOORDAM (new)* i . June 24; NIEUW AMSTERDAM. June 13; 22 July 3. 25 VOLENDAM . . i « l . July 1
*To Rotterdam only. Tourist Class Exclusively
TOURIST CLASS ROUND TRIP
*257
.00
up
THIRD CLASS ROUND TRIP
$
176
.00 up
See your local travel agent or write STCA Department HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE, 318'N. Michigan Ave.. Chicago, Rl.
332 MAIN STREET
LAFAYETTE, IND.•: • . ■■ . ■■' .... .-Jf ' f
ThtiiBdoy^MoylL 1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Tennis, Golf Squads Will Face Quartet Of Fees Over Week end
Nine^ Thinlies Leave Today For
A Boilermaker tennis troupe, composed of Fuente, Blitz, Alexander, Mann, Hebbeler, and Jackson, will journey to Champaign, 111., tomorrow where it will face three Western Conference engagements in two days. The six-man delegation will tackle Indiana tomorrow afternoon, Ohio State Saturday morning, and Illinois Saturday afternoon.
Phi Kappa Sigmas Capture Crown In Horseshoe Doubles
The Riveter golf team will provide the lone home sports attraction of the week-end when it meets Butler in a dual meet over the West Lafayette Country Club links tomorrow afternoon.
Nosing out the Alpha Gamma Rho team by a score of 61 to 42, the Phi Kapi)a Sigma representatives won the interfratemity horseshoes doubles championship in the finals held yesterday. The Phi Kappa Sigma team, beat Sigma Pi, Theta Tau, and Theta Xi in order before meeting the Alpha Gamma Rho boys. Members of the winning team were James Bosse and Gordon Phillips, as Swain and Bogue represented the losing team.
LaBree, Allspaw Give Call For Freshmen Athletes
Aspirants for the freshman varsity golf and tennis squads are requested by Coaches Harry Allspaw and Larry LaBree to sign up for the respective teams on the intramural office bulletin board today.
You asked for them—^ And here they are... * PALM BEACH AIRTONES
Airiest weightless weaves in the world. Cooler than any smart suit you’ve ever worn. Soft to the hand... easy on the eye . . . tailored to fit as washable suits have never fit before. Unbelievable value at
Available in deep shades for business as well as lighter tones for sports. Airtone '/ ■ slacks to match or contrast . . $4.75
GULLION’S
Fehringmen To Engage Ohio State In Two-Game Series; Thirteen Tracksters Will Compete In Cotton Carnival
In an effort to protect its lead in the current Western Conference baseball race. Coach Dutch Fehring’s diamond contingent will leave here today for a two-game series with Ohio State at Columbus, O., beginning with an opener toinorrow and winding up on Saturday.
The conference pace-setting nine, which has dropped only three games in 15 starts for the season as a whole, which includes four wins and one loss in the Big Ten, will depend upon Bob Bailey as the starting hurler in the initial game of the Buckeye series tomorrow, Fehring indicated yesterday. Bailey, a dWe^feore right-hander, is undeiM^ed in three conference starts.
With Bailey slated for duty tomorrow, either Wargo or Arnold Bredewater is expected to get the call Sasturday with Bud Fisher behind the plate to receive Bailey’s slants, and Art Bredewater back-, ing up his brother Arnold or Wargo.
The Boilermaker squad of 18^ players who are leaving today include Bailey, Arnold Bredewater, Emmert, Doan, and Wargo, pitchers; Art Bredewater and Fisher catchers; Mackiewicz, Thompson, Hearne, Smithson, and Lyboult, infielders, and Dean, Dickinson, Vernon, Kurtz, Stamm, and Yeager, outfielders.
Thirteen outstanding Boilermaker track performers will leave here today for Meipphis, Tenn., to compete in the Cotton Carnival tomorrow night, providing the Purdue squad a final tuneup for the Western Conference outdoor championships coming off May 20 at Ann Arbor, Michigan. The Riveters’ main point hopes are Centered about Capt. Art Bodeau and Ed Holderman in the halfmile and mile; Steve Gutting in the low and high hurdles; Forest Weber, sophomore shot^putter, who established a new University record of 48 feet 1-4 inch in the shot put last Saturday and had a measured heave of 49 feet 9 inches in practice yesterday; and Allen Shackleton and Dan Fisher in the quarter-mile. The Boilermaker squad’s other entries in the meet will be Wadleigh in the 100 yard dash and in the broad jump; LUther and Simmons in the quarter-mile; Knapp in the mile and two-mile; Clevett in the two-mile; Kessler in the shot put and discus, and Hibbs in the pole vault.
Sigma Delia Psi
Tryouts for Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary, will be held in RossAde Stadium at four o’clock today, according to M. A. Keller, intramural manager.
Buy your PALM BEACH Suits from DEWENTER’S
for COLLEGE MEN ONLY!
Smarter in a dozen different ways. Cooler and lighter than ever. Dollars less in cost than a year ago—that’s just part of the story of the new Palm Beach Suits. For the rest, visit your favorite clothier today. Have him point out the unique features of genuine Palm Beach. Still time to write a statement of 50 words or less answering this question:
WHY DO COLLEGE MEN PREFER PALM BEACH SUITS AND SLACKS?
The ten best statements win ten award^: FIRST AWARD . . . $100 SECOND AWARD $50 THIRD award . ... . $25 FOURTH AWARD $15 SIX AWARDS EACH OF . . . $10 DUPLICATE AWARDS IN THE EVENT OP TIES
Only men duly enrolled iq a recognized American college or University are eligible. Letters must be postmarked not later than May 31—and must contain your college, class and name of your favorite clothier. Winners will be notified by mail after June 15th, so be sure to state your mailing address as of that date. Selections by Contest Editor will bind company and contestants. Entries, contents and ideas therein become property of
QOODALL COMPANY • CINCINNATI, OHIO Palm Beach Suits $15.50 • Slacks $4.75 * Evening Formals $18.50
Battles
MeefiThree-WayTie
For Second Position
By Bruce Witwer
Have you heard of Duane Purvis’ track exploits? ... they relegate Frank Merriwell’s escapades to the class of boresome bedtime stories . —^fc—
A pair of freshmen track men teamed up to capture the ward track meet for Ward 7 last night in the Stadium as 26 points were scored for the winners, 14 by Stroyeck and 11 by Keim. Cary Hall 7, Cary Hall 3, and Ward 2 all scored 13 points to tie for second place.
Duane’s long suit was the javelin and his sophomore and junior years saw him heaving the spear distances which soon discouraged the rest of the straggling athletes. —^fc—
Stroyeck, who was high score man for the meet, won the broad jump, 120 yard high hurdles, and took second in the low hurdles, and fourth in the 100 yard dash. Keim was second in the scoring division with a first in the 100 yard dash and three thirds.
His senior year he had an injured shoulder and leg .. . track gave him up for lost and he didn’t come out for the sport all year . . . as the season drew, to a close and the state meet again lay in the immediate offing, the track coach asked Purvis to just come out and toss the javelin so the boys would at least not be fighting for an undefended title.
—fc-
Duane’s leg was just out of a cast but he big-heartedly agreed . . the day of the meet without any practice, he hobbled onto the field taped up like an Egyptian mummy and made only one throw . . . that traveled the meager distance of 200 feet to set a new state record .
The summary: 220-yard dash—Bancker, first; Ganlke, second; Kiem, third; Wadlei^h, fourth. Time, :23.8. 220-yard low hurdles—Krou, first; Stroyeck, second; Kiem, third; j. Henderson, fourth. Time, :26.4. Onerhalf mile relay—Cary Hall 7 (Bancker, Getchell, McCoy, Richardson). Time, 1:38.2. 100-yard dash—Kiem, first; Bancker, second ; Gaulke, third; Stroyeck, fourth. Time,''^ ;10.5. One-half mile run-^Jones, first; Ross, second; Jarvis, third; Schulman, fourth. Time, 2:06.3. Mile run—Jarvis, first; McLaughlin, second : White, third; Schulman, fourth. Time, 4:28.8. 440-yard dash^—Kron, first; Schulman^ second ; Schnieder, third; Delacroix, fourth. Time, :63.6. 120-yard high hurdles—Stroyeck, first; Melzer, second: Lucas, third; Henderson, fourth. Time, :16.4. Broad jumi)—Stroyeck, first; Gaulke, second : Keim, third. Distance, 20 feet 1% inches. ' High jump—Melzer, first; Andexson, ■«»> ond; Phillips, third. Height, 5 feet. 9 in. Shot put—Read, tlrst; Lant, second; Spurgeon, third;, James, fourUt. Distance. 35 feet, 6% in. Pole vault—Lovett and Britt, first and second: Triplett, third. Height, 11 feet, 6 fflehes.
WE HAVE PLENTY OF
GENUINE PALM BEACH
WHITE COATS
All Sizes and Models ,tux COAT «12-50 REGULAR GOAT $1075
CLOTNES SHOP1INC.
Decker's
Please Mother with a
New Book
May we suggest one of the current best sellers for your gift? Perhaps 'The Yearling" or "Listen The Wind,"—Or if this idea doesn't please you, why not artificial flowers to beautify her home or the Lucien belong perfume she's been wanting. Come in and see our gift line. We'll have something just made for your mother.
518-20 Main St.
Decker s
Phone 6477
Hi
m3baad. (Ma.
THE PUBOtlE EXPONENT
TUdicBA,
Thursday, May 11,1939
ClassHied Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
REDUCED summer rates. Shower, single beds, large rooms Across from Union. 156 N Grant St
ROOMS FOR RENT
CDOU, reasonable rooms for summer school. 224 South Grant St.
ONE ROOM with single bed. Strictly modem Phone 6B591. 106 W. Lutz Street.
SUMMER students, 2 and 8 room apartments, furnished to suit tenants. Reasonable 26612
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Envelope with four diving board photographs—Purdue-Indiana game Friday. Return to west desk Union Building.
LOST—Cham tie clip during open house. Initials M. C P. Call Maurice, 45194. LOST—Diamond iing in Union Building Has two sets Large reward Call 4031. Ask for Andy Burnside
Cadet Officers Luncheon Committee: Meet in ballroom before 6:30 today. May 11. —KOLB.
Dolphin Club: Formal initiation and election of officers will be held Friday, May 12, at 4 p m in the men’s gym —CARR
M the
nrowERS = SEEDS— JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONI 2TT7
Go Further ... for Less
Engineering Freshmen: The following men report to the office at 4.15 p. m today, May 11, for a very important meeting: Hussev, Lawler, Leckie, Worthington, Shooter,, and Hawkins. Call me if you cannot attend. —SQUIRES.
Camera Club Picnic: All members, or others interested in attending the Camera Club picnic at Turkey Run State Park Saturday, May 20, please contact Hedden before Saturday, May 13. Unless 25 sign up the picnic will be cancelled. —HEDDEN.
SAE Members: Those members of the recent inspection trip visiting the Perfect Circle Co. should call for their copy of "How to Double the Life of Your Car,” now available in Professor Jacklin’s office. —HERR.
Purdue Riding Club: Very important meeting Thuisday, May 11, in the Old Chestnut room of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. Final plans for the Gymkhana will be made. —SUMMERS
Forestry Club: Get your field day tickets before 4 p. m. Thursday, May 11. —WILLIAMS.
Pi-om Ticket Holders: Those who wish their money refunded must turn ticket stubs in at the cashier’s office by Wednesday, May 17, at 4 p m —BURNS
Entomological Society: Thomas Say Entomological Society will meet Thursday, May 11, at 7.30 p m. in room 103 of Agriculture Hall. —KNAPP.
Independent Athletes: Reamer Club trophy will be awarded to the Independent Athletes with the high number of major, minor, and mthamural points gained throughout the year. Anyone interested in being considered for the award should turn in his points in accordance to the rules posted in the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. ” (5-20) —MIDDLETON.
Newman Club: Election meeting Sunday, May 14, after 8 o’clock Mass Membership cards must be presented for voting. —KASSER
AIME: Election of officers Thursday, May 18, at 4 p m in room 202 of Heavilon Hall. —LOWN.
Belle-Sharmeer Stockings in individual leg sizes Last longer because they fit better. Just ask for Brev for smalls, Modite for mediums. Duchess for tails, Classic for plumps. Here exclusively. »1, *115^ *135^ $p65 Exclusive Agents THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622>626 Main Street
Alpha Lambda Delta: Bring corsage order to Denny Miller or Joan LeBaeuf in the Women’s Lounge, Thursday, May 11, at 4 p m The deadline is Friday at 4 p m. —LEBOEUF.
Senior Military: A representative from the Associated Military Stores will be in the supply room all day Tuesday, May 16, with samples, for the purpose. of taking measurements and orders for ORC equipment. This equipment will be delivered to the supply room in approximately two weeks. —FAULCONER.
Purdue Flying and Glider Clubs: Joint meeting in room C of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, May 11. All dance tickets must be accounted for. No one is excused from this meeting. —CHEVEDDEN.
Provost Guard for National Inspection: Form at 4th street gate of intramural field at 12 30 p m today. May 11 Red Brassards which have been issued will be worn at formation —LARR.
Skull and Crescent: All actives and all pledges meet at the Phi Delta Theta house at 7:30 p. m , Thursday, May 11, for informal initiation. —COLQUHOUN.
YWCA: Cabinet meeting Thursday, May 11, at 4 p. m. in YWCA office. Compulsory attendance. —COOLEY.
Concert Choir: Rehearsal changed from Thursday, May 11, to Friday, May 12, at 4pm —CODBINGTON.
SAE Members: Aii meniuers planning to go on the SAE picnic May 17 consult SAE bulletin board in auto lab. immediately. —HERR.
May Day Style Show Models: The following girls have been selected for the May Day Style Show: Georgialou Fleager, Agnes McCulloch, Marietta Darnell, Phyllis Stephen, Beth Partenheimer, Thelma Jane Cox, Martha Brown, Ruth Gausman, Vivian Petersen, Ellen Boyd, Josinah Allen, Mary Yeager, Mary Ruth Thornburg, Barbara Roderich, Melba Davidson, Treva Berry, Ma^y Hams, Mary Mather, Rufina Sexton, Carmen Ricadeniera, Elizabeth Barmes, Helen Tugaudis, Joan Edson, Martha Ellis, Martha Norman, Ella Lou Sexson. Rehearsals will be Wednesday, May 10, at 4 p. m., Thursday, May 11, at 4 p. m., and Friday, May 12, at 7 p. m. in the Home Economics auditorium. —HEGELE.
WAA Archery: All girls in WAA archery must have at least three rounds in' by Monday, May 15 There will be practice every evening at four this week —MOREHOUSE.
Cosmopolitan Club: Important meeting Friday, May 12, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union Building. Election of officers for next year. —AYASUN.
Co-ed Swimming Meet: Practice Friday, May 12, at 4 p. m.; Saturday, May 18, at 11 a m ; Tuesday, May 16, at 4 p. m. Two practices required. —SPEARS.
Umon Freshmen and Sophomores: Please report to the Student Union workshop at 4pm Thursday, May 11. Prom Decorations will cover most of the woik —KANY, DEMARS
Forestry Club: Free transportation from the Horticulture Building for field day Saturday, May 13 Busses will leave at 12:30, 1 30 and 4 30 p m —WILLIAMS
Give Europe its "Black Shirts" and "Brown Shirts"—we'll give you the "White Shirts"—spic and span every week from laundry service as modern as you can buy, yet it costs no more. Once you've tried this dependable, convenient, economical service you'll have no other.
hmmi t H E C L E A^N ERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
On this day dedicated to Mother you'll want to show her your affection and gratitud§ with a remembrance that she'll really love. From the youngest to the oldest Mother, every one will be hoping for a loving tribute on her own special day. Whether your gift is a familiar one or a present marked by smart originality, it will be warmly welcomed as a thoughtful expression of your devotion to Mother. We, at Loeb's feel that we have the type of gift your Mother desires and cherishes ... a marvelous selection to choose from and we invite you to shop our various gift shops before you decide.
(fcfjsm, LOEB&HENE COMPANY
ROLLER
SKATING
Skating Every Day
Private Parties
Evening 7:30-10:30
Any Evening
Afternoon 2:30-4:00
10:30 to 12:00
Morning 10:30-12:00
Afternoon Parties Also Skating 25c per person
Free Instructions to
Guarantee of only
All Beginners
20 people necessary
TENT
Rts. 26 and 52
East of City
For Mother’s Day
We Suggest
MARTHA WASHINGTON CANDY The Nation’s Finest Candy SPECIAL 2 lb. Box $1.00 We Pack for Mailing Vellinger’s Pharmacy
Exclusive Agents
834 Main St.
SPRING DEMANDS "v
Sport Shirts— — and plenty of them. For work or play theres nothing quite so cool and comfortable. Come in today and choose from our large selection. $1.00 to $2-00 ROSENTHAL'S 322 Main Street
the Purdue E3cponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Professional
"DEAC"
DR. A M. IRION
^ Everything for a ^College Education H. G. REISNER
DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Jewelers
• Printing
R. C. EISENBACH
Sl/DDEN ■ K a ■sag k sBRvici r%RINTING
Jeweler and Optometrist
Office Stadonery . . ^ I Wedding Invltalloni FHOm * WesBookf.Ele.,.. MM CASSEL’S dOSFERRy
504 Main St.
• Locksmith
KEYS AND LOCKS K«yi for trunks, door kxffcs, dsak Ip^, night Istchas «nd toadied Auto keys • spedaHy. Wc^las;, ae--essories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phana MU
t y
. V