yT'’p-'^'‘'^’’: ]%^' ^ ;';''-;ri\/'.-'Vf-jV/V ’ ' -'t' "' '' ,,' ,
, -'i^i ,n •^1
r '
L
SPORTS COLUMN Predicts Trouble For Buckeyes Votume 56, No 19
\
Established 1889
Good Morning
Purdue Uniyersify, West Lafayette, Indiana
\ EDIT COMMENfS On New Campus Publications Thursday, June 10, 1043
Stewart Addresses Butler
To Be Held Next Week Demonstrations To Show Progress
Grads On Thought Freedom
University Admits Students In First Navy Service Term
Controller Says This Basis Must Be Cherished, Protected Freedom of thought and education form the basis of freedom and must be cherished, protected and supported as never before, R,'B. Stewart, controller of the University, declared Monday in an address to the 243 graduating students of Butler University. Stewart went on to say that the greatest desire of all nations is to maintain
the principle of free education. He pointed out that complete freedom will come only when freedom of thought is the accepted heritage of man in all countries and of all races. His topic was “The Heritage of Free
Education.”
Given Honorary Degree The honorary degree of doctor of laws was conferred on Stewart by President M. 0. Ross. It is the only honorary degree conferred this year at Butler. Besides his work as controller of Purdue, Stewart is serving as and Navy Education Committee and liaison officer between the Army
colleges and univei-sities of America. ^ Train For Peace As Well As War He expressed the hope that college and universities, both public and private, even though tied in closely with governmental programs now, would retain their heritage of freedom and not sell it “for a mess of pottage and submit to any material abridgement of their responsibilities in return for a large share of the federal patronage.” Stewart brought out the point about 500 colleges of the 1650 in the United States are being used by the army and navy, and that the remainder of the 1150 will have to adjust their opei’ations to incomes, as many activities will have to be curtailed. He declared that the big program, while devoted now to training for war, must be directed to training for the peace that is to follow. National President Will Attend ASCE Meeting, Banquet American Society of Civil Engineers will hold a banquet Saturday at six p. m. in East Faculty Lounge of the Union. This will be a joint meeting of the University chapter and the Indiana chapter. All Civil Engineers and others interested are invited to attend. Tickets may be secured at the general office of the Civil Engineering Building for
11.00
Ezra B. Whitman, national president of the society, is coming from Baltimore, Maryland for the meeting. At the present time he is chairman of the Maryland State Highway Commission. I.Ae.S. Schedules Film For Meeting Tonight at 7:30 in loom 108 of the ME building a sound movie entitled “Safe Flying” will be shown, followed by a shoit business meeting at the second regular meeting of the Institute of Aeronautical Sciences. All members of the ASME, SAE. EngineeiMng Cadottc Society and those interested' in joining the Institute are invited. Membership application blanks for I.Ae.S. may be obtained at the meeting. Mudball hey there clarence i , hear out in California people with zoot suits on are throwing 'stones at sailors and the sailors are taking their zoot suits off i guess people who live in zoot suits shouldn’t throw stones MUDBALL
Ration Book 3 Applications Due Tonight According to local OPA offices, deadline for the application for number three ration books is tonight at midnight, and that students wishing to apply for books may do so through their parents. In a statement made yesterday, H. Burch Nunley, director of the Indianapolis mailing center said applications were coming in entirely too slowly and that those not sending in requests before the deadline would not be able to secure a book before August 1. According to information received, the pew rationing program is not expected to “begin before
November 1.
Whitman Addresses ASCE Saturday At 6 Ezra B. Whitman, president of the American Society of Civil Engineers, will address a dinner meeting of the Indiana and University Student Section of ASCE Saturday at 6:30 in the Union Building. Whitman, a consulting engineer, is former chairman of the Maryland State Highway Commission, and led a committee which studied and reorganized the municipal government of Baltimore. He has also served in many official capacities for his city and state. He is now a member of a finn which served as architect-engineers on a large amount of war-plant con-
struction.
Reservations for the informal dinner may be made with Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of the Civil Engineering school. Ceres Club . . . agriculture honorary, announces the pledging of Keith Jewell, Hymera, Ind.; Benjamin Hobson, Monrovia, Ind., and Lowell Knoop, Claypool, Ind.
AIEE Sponsors Tour Through Musit Hall For Special Students By Mary Jo Hablas “Prom the bottom up” is literally the only expression which could be used to describe the tour through the Hall of Music last night. Sponsored by AIEE and arranged by Bob Williams, the trip was conducted by J. W. Ditamore, manager of the Hall of Music and of Radio Station WBAA. In the basement, where the tour began, is located the main switch board. This is operated from a control board on the stage, which controls border lights, spot lights, etc. Ditamore interspersed his demonstration of the lighting effects with a brief and not-too technical lectin e. As pointed out by the Music Hall manager, the keynote of the design of the hall is simplicity itself. There is a reason for almost everything. For instance, the stagger design on the side walls prevents the rebound of sound to a great extent. The building is entirely ah’-condi-tioned and seats approximately 6200 people. Climbing innumerable, dimlylighted stairs, the group finally arrived at the projection room on the second balcony. “The equipment found here is of the same type as is used in the Radio City Music Hall”, Ditamore assyired the group. Before proceeding to the Music Hall “attic”, the guide cautioned his followers to “stay on the catwalks” and not to examine the spotlights too closely. “There is plenty of room to fall through”, he explained. The spotlights located ‘way up there represent an investment of Ipll5 each, and are ^especially efficient. Pausing long enough to answer a few questions, Ditamore brought out some interesting points. One of them was the fact that the University Hall of Music seats practically as many people as does the Radio City Music Hall, but the equipment used in each is entirely different. The New York Hall of course requires a much bigger amount of everything, but the University’s Hall is “plenty big for the Middlewest.” The evening’s tour was concluded with a brief visit to the air-condi-tioning equipment in the basement and an inspection of Station WBAA. In addition to AIEE members, RCA Cadettes, Curtiss-Wright and Wright Field gilds were also pres-
ent.
At the 25th annual competition of boy’s and girl’s 4H club roundup to be held here next Monday through Wednesday, 20 detnonstration teams, representative of the whole state, will participate along with 98 judging teams, the contests beginning Monday at 8 a. m. and continuing until late Wednesday
afternoon.
Paint and dairy demonstrations will be featured as well as the general agriculture and home economics programs. Of the 20 demonstrations entered, three are paint demonstrations, seven dairy demonstrations, and the other ten of a general agricultural nature. Offer Prizes In Each Class Numerous prizes will be offered/ to the most outstanding demonstra/ tion in each class. Livestock judging teams, totaling 27 in number, represent 25 different counties. Dairy teams, 28 in all, come from 26 counties, while the 22 crop teams are from 20 counties. One trophy will be awarded to the team ranking highest in all four classes; other trophies will be given for the best horses, beef, swine, and sheep teams. For the most outstanding demonstration of the week a trophy will be pi’esented by the Pennsylvania Railroad. Medals will also be presented to the most outstanding boy and gill on each team. Additional medals will be awai’ded in insect and in wood identification. Dramatic Sketches End Programs Program have been scheduled for the afternoons and evenings of each day. Each of these programs will terminate with a dramatic sketch which will define the “H” for that period and place it upon a four leaf clover. Monday afternoon the “H” for Head is to be placed on the leaf; Monday evening the “H” for Health, Tuesday the “|I” for Hand, and Wednesday the “H” for Heart. The home economics section will hold its program in Eliza Fowler Hall. Included in the program arc talks by students, club members, and faculty. During these presentations, music will be provided by 4H club members. To Show Color Films A two and one-half hour program, featuring Kodachrome sound movies on wildlife, forestry, entomology, victory gardening, and soil conservation, will high-light a variety conservation show to be given in room 117 of the Horticulture Building, next Tuesday. This show was initiated last year.
Ten Begin Training As Technicians in Canning Industry Ten men and women from the midwest states began a course under the sponsorship of the Indiana Canners Association here yesterday to prepar'e them for the position of technicians in the canning indus-
try.
Under the directorship of Gertrude Kissell from the National Canners association in Washington, the group spent yesterday in becoming acquainted with / the methods used in determining the mould count in tomatoes, an indication of the purity of the product. Today And Tomorrow Meetings will be held today and tomorrow during which the group will be taught the fundamentals required of a cannery technician. Representatives of the various national canneries are also helping in the instruction. Beginning next week, an additional group of men and women will pursue the course in its more advanced phases, and will continue under the instruction for the remainder of the week. Instruction In New York The course is offered each year to furnish men and women as technicians for the cannery.industry, with similar instruction being given at New York State experiment station at Geneva, New York. Purpose of the mould count an operation explained during yesterday afternoon is to check all products of the canneries’ sorting and trimming operations so that they conform with regulations set up by State and National laws. SCA To Hold Party Tomorrow Evening student Cooperative Association will hold a get-acquainted party tomorrow evening from 8:30 to 11:30 in the west and east Faculty Lounges. In the course of the evening a box of candy will be awarded to the house with the largest representation of members present at the time. Novelties, cards, ping pong and dancing have been planned as entertainment. Housemothers and advisors are invited. AWS Hours AWS Judicial Board announces ’that there will be no change in coed hours for the summer term. —VEIT
High School Graduates^ Transfers To Enter July 5 According to the President’s office, the University serviSfif as the Navy training center for engineering, will admit on July 5 regular civilian students to the first service term of instruction in the engineering schools for the Navy V-l2 program. High school graduates and transfers from other colleges and universities are au-
thorized by the Navy to be ad-
mitted.
Those qualified for the V-12 program who have been notified that they will not be assigned until November, are encouraged to proceed on a civilian basis with further training until that
time.
Will Complete First Term By entering on July 5, the men will complete the first term of the Navy-prescribed program in =.a school of their choice before are assigned. The credit eatab-
Robins 'Lease'
Apartment Raise Family
Sharing their housekeeping and family raising problems with the inmates of the Executive Building, two robins planted a nest firmly on the Accounting Department window ledge, proceeded to raise a fam-
Report Shows Growth Of Cooperative Houses Since Their Beginning Here Nine Years Ago
By Gene Andre Come back many years with us, back to the little village of Rochdale, England at the beginning of the Indu.stiial Revolution. Sixteen men and one woman, Ann Tweedale, all of them independent weavers are finding life moic and more difficult as the growing mills force the pi ice of their pioduct down, down, finally to below their level of ■subsistence. The machine, of course, was an irresistable foice, and eventually hand labor was to disintegrate before it, but among those 17 was an idea, an idea which was destined not only to preserve their industiy f.vhilc other independent weavers about them failed, but which the world in the future would mark as the beginning of a new way of life. Movement Becomes International For in their attempt to keep the price of their product below that of the mills, these 17 weavers unconsciously began the international cooperative movement. Today several nations and many industries are
functioning successfully under it, anj:! its place in the future is cause for hopeful speculation. There too, although the connection between students and weavers may seem obscure, the student cooperative associations found their biith. As do all co-operative organizations, they look back to the weavers of Rochdale as their originators, for theirs was the first execution of a great idea. Today many colleges in this countiy have a part of their students living cooperatively, and the Univeisity, Car fiom being an oxce))tion, is a notable example. First Co-ops Hpro in 193.> ^ The first successful co-operative organization on this campus was begun in the fall of 1935 under the stimulated guidance of Bill apd Glenn McFadden. Convincing ' a group of students of the soundness of their idea, they began the Wesley Boy’s House above the Wesley foundation, and after one year of sharing their expenses they deemed their plan a success, The following
fall, 1936, the Wesley girls organized themselves into a house at 121^ Russell St., and another group of boys got together to form the Univeisity House at 1 University St. Finding growth as only successful plans can, the S.C.A. found new membeis in the Mai wood house, 204 Marstellar, and Salisbury house, 414 Salisbury, in the fall of 1937, and in the meantime the existing co-ops expanded rapidly. Group.s Enlarged Continually In order to accommodate their new adherents, the Wesley Girls’ house sjilit itself into Ann Tweedale, 123 State, and a new Wesley Girls’ house at 152 S. Grant, while a section of Luna House, originally University, detached itself to form the Rochdale. Later in the fall another co-op, Chauncey House, 215 S. Chauncey, arose. The fall of 1938 marked a continued growth in the co-op movement and the birtli of a new develoiiment. Thiee new houses. Twin Pines, 103 Russell, Kagawa, 317
Vine; and Westminster, 318 N. Grant, came into being. Rochdale moved to new location at 216 WaTr^ dion, and therein found a new idea. Together with Twin Pines, and with the encouraging aid of interested University officials, they began the actual pin chase of their houses on a monthly payment basis, Kagawa Purchases House September of 1939 found three more co-ops on the campus. Circle Pines, 460 N. Grant; Dover, 322 S. Chauncey; and Gleiiwood, 166 N. Grant. Meanwhile the Wesley Girls renamed themselves Brockway, while Kagav/a began the purchase of a house on West State. Marwood moved into the old Kagawa house soon after. The year of 1940 found two more new members and several changes as the Co-ops began to settle in. Owen house, 421 University; and Antigonish, 1 University; were the additions, while Luma moved to 405 State, Circle Pines to 225 S. State, Dover to 41 Salisbury, and Bropkway to 117 State.
ily, and then moved out again all in lished during this term will Count
on professional training as well as
o» the Navy program.
This new service calendar of instruction provides an additional starting date for civilian applicants for admission to the University who have not been in position to entpr on previous registration dates. Registration for the first service term will take place on July 6; the'second service term will begin about November and the third about March
1.
To Give College Level Instructor Instruction will be at the college level and will qualify students iojt a degree in the several fields of engineering. The students will proceed on a strictly civilian basis because the University has no jurisdiction over the selection or assignment of enlisted men for the V-12 program. Civilian students will still be admitted as scheduled to the fall term on August 28. Application for admission to the first service term should be submitted before July 1 to C. E. Dammon, director of admissions. Soccer Battle Impends Between Cary AllStars, Black Sox Saturday afternoon, June 12, there will be a soccer match between the Cary Hall All-Stars and the all-Chinese Tojo Black Sox. According to a member of the Cary Hall team, the game will take place on Intramural Field. The game is strictly unofficial, but play will be according to Continental rules. The Cary Hall team, relatively unexperienced, is bucking reportedly stiff competition. ', The All-Stars were formed for this one game and have never played before, but have been practicing nightly. Their line-up has weight and brawn to compeaaate for its greenness; the Tojo Black Sox line-up was not available.
•■J
Doors To Open At 7:3D Saturday For Conffilt Time of the Salzedo Concert Ensemble featuring Marjorie Call Salzedo and Carlos Salzedo 'has been changed with the concert starting at 7:30 p. m. and the doors of the Music Hall opened at 7 Saturday evening. Students will be admitted upon presentation of their passports. The geneial public will be admitted by season tickets and all non-season ticket holdeis will pay the regular $1.10 convocation price. Today’^ Bon0t as found in a student’s paper by 1;he Conimitteq on Standards in English: “When you get into the field of teaching, you must actually vyirate with enthusiasm for your work.” Must be tiripg.
less than a month.
First, according to schedule, four round, smooth blue eggs appeared. It was quite apparent that the robins thought they were alone, so the Department pampered them by pa-per-clipping cardboard to the
screen.
Baby Robins Appear Next, amid much furry and excitement, the little robins appeared, and the entire second floor office force grew poetical over the bundle of salmon colored heads, awkward bills, laige eyes, and skinny legs. Finally the dread, gala day came when the babies ventured from the nest and quiveringly followed their parents from tree to tree. So the Accounting Department shed quite a tear, and fell to mopping up its
window sill.
Alpha Zeta Initiates Will Be Honored Tonight at 7 in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary, will hold a smoker at which Major R. W. Maier of the Military Department will be the guest speaker, speaking on, “An Ag Teacher in the Army.” The smoker is to honor the new initiates of the organization. Major Maier is a graduate of the University and, before entering the Army, was a vocational agriculture
teacher. i
All old and new members of Alpha Zeta as well as alumni are urged to attend. There will be no admission charge.
Named To Honor Foundations Kagawa and Twin Pines also cliangeJ their names to Kneale and Shoemaker respectively to honor the University foundation funds which made tjie purchase of their houses possible. The uiiceitainties of wartime education have made the founding of new co-ops an impossibility, and in fact, several of the houses have been temporal ily disbanded for the duiatioii. These latter are Westminster, Salisbuiy, and the Wesley Boy^. The idea survives, however, ami its appeal and practicability assures its continued spiead when things get back to noimal. In addition to existing as co-op-erative units, the co-op houses are bound together by their S.C.A. Board, which consists of representative members from all of the houses. Acting in their behalf both socially and politically, it creates a bond between all co-op members, who, individually, can’t understand why every student doesn’t want to be a co-op.H I
V
iT
Purdue Exponent
Thursdayf June 10, 1943
MUM
Purdue Exponent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fietdhuuse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Benorav Gditor llehorar}' Editor
l^etioraT]' Busmeaa Manager
With the Colors
William G Hoskins Dale E But? Gerhard H Klouman
liter
Qdlriets Manaeer
■4WS Editor
Manacipe Editor
AeTeritsln
AdTeritslne Manager
Flpert* Editor
Editor ...
Robert W Boswinkle Mary Bill Sally Beall Donald E Brewer A Jane Keim Joseph S Dawsoi Jean Lane)
^ ^ Publication Staff ^ Editorial Staff AdaMiate Editors H B Abbot C C Mortm loll F F M phy W H Tyson W L Vermilion C J Wilbur CM Staff Ruth Ford Madelyn Grotnea Kathormo Howes s^rta Staff R M Lipes R J Smith C E Sowards
Business Staff
Adsiktant Adyertising Manager C L Gaunt
lAyout Director J B Tabb,
Circulation Manager
R G Sauerman
EditoHn Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Sqnler
Staff For This issue Sports Editor Lipe'
r Kunor nop'es Issue
^-leimrters Hprnmul Jamc^ion Andre Bayne Habias fatet
fys Swerdioff
Night Editor Verphy PIW Editor Hoijyes
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ettb Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 18 a apM at tW special rate of postage provided for in section im act of October 3 191" authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tuesday Thursday and Saturday mornings dur ing the year except certain vacation periods Delivered daily by carrier for $1 25 for a semester by mail t i fl 60 for a Sdjnester Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent
office or at the W st Desk of the Union
Represented for i ational advertising by National Advertis
ing Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 42f
MgdlSon Ave New York N Y
Proposes July 5
\^ind Drift Challenge Hit Campus ■
Two newly born journalistic endeavois weie guided into our office yesterday One is published by the student naval officers and is dedicated to the presenting ot news and views of the Purdue Naval Station with all the high standards of the Navy, its name, the Wind Dri^t. The other is the house oigan tor the YPgL, Young People’s Socialist League, and it is called the Challenge. The Wind Drift IS an inteiesting, well madeup tabloid, and one gets a healthy feeling while leading it Heie the naval students are teljjngthe naval students that eveiy man owes to the Navy his very best efforts whde in the Naval School The students are poking fun at thehumbinu rb f ot then hte as students, and all the lie i me student officei’s course is being discussed The Challenge is also a tabloid ^nd it is inteiesting, too, but one doesn’t get a healthy fee^m^ while leading it We didn’t cringe when we lead that the publication is the voice ot a socialist cause Many people ciinge when they hear the woids communism, tascism oi socialism But oui ovn govcinment has been inspecting the socialist doctniics and it has adopted the pension plan, it has accepted the owneibhip ot laige electric utilities, and it has lavored other socialistic activities It the government cringed vhen the void socialism was mentioned, it couldn't intelligently select trom the Bociahstic toim ot goieinment the best pofnts and n^corpoiate them in our own democratic form ot govei iiment as it did Word combinations like raw deal loi youth, raw deal for labor, i tiling class, working class, coUapae ot national economy, ievolutionists, isolationists, labor’s inteinational tight, and
qhe msmiQTOH Tm Rt9 U S P«! OH MERRY-GO-ROUMP iy DREW ' fEARiSON
Spell' • • • /^^Jnl/^tliavts near and vacation-anxious stadents are wondering if the Univeisity will suspend classes Monday, July 5, to put a bieathing spell” neai the middle of this hot and sticky sixteen-week summer semester Last summei students and faculty thought that student inteiest in studying could be increased gieatly by a thiee-day adjouinment from studies An undei standing Executive Committee gi anted the vacation The extia day seemed to serve its purpose, too If the thiee-semestei a-year schedule is to continue, and it will for the duration at least, a vacation of a day or two m the middle of every summer semester should be piovided Students have a habit of counting time from the piesent to the next vacation, and they might spend less time counting with the semestei bioken. in two The Executive Committee, which meets Monday afteinoon, must have a petition fiom the students saying the student body wants a vacation before the committee can act on the proposal of a lecess foi Independence Day The Student Senate has drawn up such a petition and y ill pass it among students this week But we don’t think we need this vacation nearly as much as we did the one last semester when students weren’t used to yeai around studying Student attitude towaid the vacation should not be “The students need the vacation because their morale is low”, but rather: “The students would like to have the vacation because the summei would be so long without it” —r w b
reactionaiy possibilities in Europe can be powerful words when used in strong paragraphs and sentences Foi instance here is a strong paragraph “A stMke like the Mine Workers is moie encouiagement to the European socialists than a hundred fine ladio speeches, the building of a strong revolutionaj-y socialist movement m this country is of far greater help than the thousands ot collected dollars with which certain bureauciats tiy to leheve their consciences ” It seems that thioughout its eight pages the Challenge would sell America down the iivei foi German laboreis, believes Russia is a greater enemy than Germany, and that youth IS doing all the duty work of the wai The Challenge doesn’t tiy very hard to covei up its aims to crush fascist Germany, to ciush communistic Russia, to crush imperialistic England, to crush capitalistic and communistic governments all ovei the world, and then unite the woild with the bonds of socialism These aie veiy interesting ambitions and ye’ie happy that we’ve had the time to lead ol them Seems like quite a bit ol ciushmg to us, though, and while we give the Wind Drift a coidial welcome to the campus, we’re keeping both eyes on the activities of the Challenge, Ihe editois ot the Challenge might be just a handtul ol have iiots who will attempt to iemo\e the class lines of the woild ev“en though a bundled wais have to be fought attei the piesent one to accomplish the ideal But it does eoncein us when we think that the Austrian papeihanger started out with an even lewei numbei ot sympathizeis—rwb
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehly
Ju$t Looking Around
Poll Of GOP Lesser Lights Shows Wendell Wilikie Man For 1944; Dewey, Bricker Trail Behind WASHINGTOlSi—Republican paiiy leajeis pip veiy led faced about the lesults of a poll conducted on the question—“Who should be the Republican piesi dential standaid beaier in 1944’” The winner, so far, has proved to be the man most party chieftains least want as the GOP presidential nominee—Wendell Willkie Willkie grabbed off all honors, just as he did in the 1940 Republican convention in Philadelphia On the othei hand, Governor John W Bricker of Ohio, favorite of old line Republicans, was a poor also ran The poll was tiken among GOP county chan men, Republican membeis of State legislatiues and dele gates to the 1940 convention, chiefly in Ijey noithein states s Two questions were asked \ Fust—Who would make the best available candi date foi the Republican piesidential nomination in
1944’
Thiity SIX pel cent answeied “Wiflkie” He lan fai ahead of otljei choices, including Goveinoi Tom
Dewey of New Yoik who got the second highest num
bei of votes
Second question was—Who among the available Republican candidates would make the best Piesi dent, fiom the standpoint of ability’ Willkie again led the field with 35 pei cent of the votes Px President Herbert Hoover was second in this balloting, Tom Dewey, third, and Governor Bricker, the man generally conceded to have the edge on othei candidates hobbled in tourth Churchill's Tip One significant phase oi Winston Chin chill s con veisations heie has just leal ed out He volunlceied some valuable advice on the make up ol the U S delegation to the peace confeience Talking to a closed dooi session of the Sen ite and House foieign lelations committee, he was leminded that if Woodiow Wilson had given moie thought to the make up of the U S deleg ition his eftoi Is to enioll the United States in a League of Nations might not have been such a failine Chiuchill at fiist tactfully side stepped comment explaining he didn t want to stick his nose in Amen can affaiis Howevei he fin illy obseivcd with a giin that he knew a little about politics himself and pi oh ably could oflPei one suggestion What IS it’ ’ choiused several of the politicos Appoint a delegation that is strictly bi paitison ” Churchill leplied, half Democrat and hall Republi
can ”
If the President named such a commission of out standing leadeis of both parties, the Prime Minister added Ins chances of winning Congressional approval of a treqty among the Allied poweis would be greatly enhanced The idea evoked some smiles but was geneially applauded as a practical suggestion Farley, FDR And Mrs. Roosevelt Veiy few people know it but hick in 1940 just aftei the demociatic convention m Chicagojiominated FDR loi n thud teim Mis Roosevelt had i fiiendly t ilk with Jim Failej to tiy to make peace between Jim and hei husband That talk stiange as it may seem has had some inteiesting iepercussions on an impoitant Congiessional situation—the Congressman Cox investigation of the Fedeial Communications Commission Mrs Roosevelt had always thought a gread deal of Jim Farley, and he had respect for her Their tplk appeared to make some progiess One of the things Jim requested of Mrs Roosevelt has a part ot the reconciliation plan was that her son Fianklin D Roosevelt, Jr, join the law firm ot his old tnend 1 ugene L Garey Mis Roosevelt anxious to please Piiley agieed So young Fianklin joined the Gaiey law him This was a leal concession because Gaiey had lepiesented the big Wall Stieet enemies of young Fianklin s fa thei and the son of the Piesident in any law him means leal business (Copyiight 1943 by United Featiue Syndicate Inc )
By Jack Abbett
The anti-British Chicago Tribune, ^nd anti-anythihg else that strikes the fancy of Mr McCormick has decided that the British are more interested in winning the war in Europe than in the Pacific This is a profound bit of thinking The Byitllah would only naturally want to end the threat to their own country before moving on to other fields of action, and this is what they are doing, but the I'ribune takes the attitude that as
soon as the war is won in Europe the British will leave the rest of the war in the hands of the United States This is noth-
It IS not caielessness. Mom—it’s tension due to the war ”
University Calendar Thursday, June 10
All Day 7 OOP M 7 80 P M
All Dny G 00 P M 7 15 P M
All Day 7 30 PM 8 00 P M 9 00 P M
Canneis Technician School T1 ela Alpha Phi Initiation I Ac S Meeting Friday, June 1 Canneis Technician School laim Manage!s Fum Mnnageis Meeting Saturday, June Canneis Technician School Convo—Salzedo Ensemble Wiight Field Spoit Dance Sigma Alpha Mu Dance
Hoil Building Ell 1 Fowki Hall Room 108 ME Building
Holt Building Room 330 Union Room 2C3 Union
12 Holt Building Hall of Music W FiciiltyLge Union Ch iptei House
The Ratio
3.85 ... to 1
Nobody s been lifting the lid off of hell lately So it’s tiiie that the Sigs have only two paity boys left 111 the house They aie pinning didies on the lest of them Re membei the antics of the good old flood dajs’ Well they finally let those two heioic Sigma Nil’s out of the clappei And anybody in a zoot suit has to answei to the Navy Why’ You 11 find out'
spent last Tuesday assuming the lole of college heio at a high school piom in Indianapolis His little woman who is a Kappa pledge, (guess they have then high school ehapteis too), insisted—and what can a guy do’ Besides it was slick being kind (in a hen pecked soit ol a way) foi one laige evening
Tommy Johnston’s publicity office IS Cl edited vith spi ending Univei sity piopaganda pietty fai, but we doubt if the two item^ below came fiom his office The fiist is taken from the “Ka Welo O Ka La” of Kauai High School, Kauai, Hawaii Coeds weie banned Iiom weai mg slacl s foi campus weai There weie many piotests fiom the guls 99 44 pel cent of the giil students chose Eiiol Flynn as the man they w lilted to be with if maiooned on i lonely deseit island—Pin due Ex poneiit Indiana-” This one is fiom the Akion Buch telite As the lesult of a poll taken at Pnidue the men theie igieed that they weie quite willing to admne women’s clothing -fashions, in fact they think women diess pietty well They do say howevei that the way gills ail inge then hau is misei able ’ —E P— The Duchess ’ aftei a hi lef but wild existence ot less than a decade IS ne u death No hope is left foi lecoveiy Bom hack jn 193G and cliiistened K impiis Daze the newest child he gan a tiouble life —Kent Stat
(In othei wouls Kent State’s hiimoi magazine has been put to bed foi the duiation )
Theie ne still v few choice inci dents not yet told Foi example Mary Lou Fairman Alpha Chi took Woody ’ Armstrong s Phi Psi pin aftei a whiilwind courtship of thiee weeks It was done veiy seiioiisly while walking quietly along lovely Hello Walk” in the soul stiiung lain Ihis would be veiy nice neat and nifty weie it not foi the fact that the fan Fan min has a Lt in the Aimy she is pietty hepped up about Come come' Lets be making up oiii mind
Scene in the Swedish Lounge— Playshop’s Art Baiab talking fei vently with Rita Donahue Piobably shaving the moss off the old ball Let’s get things ioiling, fi lends
Hey fellas Dotty Coi nthvvaite, foimei AWS Piexy has bioken hei engagement with Sig Ep Bob Skale rup ’42 glad Wo though the Sig Ep s might get i j u out of this in teiestmg piece of miscellaneous in foimation The hoys ilways le gaided thit as a pitUy solid set up
Deduction Thiough weeks of lesench, we have found that if all the students in the Univeisity weie laid end to end they would leach as fai as low ei Kokomo We have even daied to go fuithei m oui expeument We figiiied that with the aid of oui fa culty it is possible to go as fai as Gas City But we have sufteied a bittei defeat The Executive Boaid has lefused us pei mission to cgiiy out the expeument Wh it to do with all this left ovei imagination
ma Alpha Mu pm fiom hci little man who long since had been swal lowed up by the Sei vices But somebody had to pei foi m the ten del deed so the whole SAMMY House tinned out foi it en masse Then the pm giil bestowed a loving kiss upon the blow of each and cveiy pin man who in tiiiii did the same to head lesident and chap Clone Lee Westovei and anybody else who happened to be standing aloiind Ihen some one seived milk shal es and dog biscuits and they all had a big paity
ing but a he, for the British have lost moie in the Pacific than the United States and they have moie to gain by a quick victory in that theatie of the wai In fact, they have moie to gam by a victoiy in the Pacific than in Euiope except fpi the constant tin eat of an invasion by Geimany on the Biitish —X X— As the blight of the Axis Nations glows woise m Em ope, the chances of a gas attack glow gieatei, and it IS- not unlikely that the Geimans and Italians would use gas as a last alternative even if they lealized that they might be fed moie gas than they could handle aftei then initial attack The gas might be fiist used aftei the Allies had landed then ti oops as an attempt to lepel the invadeis fiom the conti nent —X X— The lealizatiort that the United Nations would att ick Eui ojie is not new It IS piobably being earned out with the idea of having many leseives leady to be lushed to the point at which the Geimans aie the weakest This will of couise make it necessaiy foi the main invasion thiusts to stilt fiom eithei Afiica Ol Biitain as these two places aie the only ones open to the United Nations If the Tml s weie to bioak down and allow the Allies to use then bases, this would facilitate an attack with Russia on the Black Sea coasts of Rumania and Biilgaiia, and it would also be a seiious tin eat to the Gei maps’ leai in Russia Othei invasion attempts will piob ably be made thiough the Italian owned islands in the Mediteiianean, the Balkans south and cential Fiance, Belgium oi the Nethei lands and Noiway Theie is also the possibility that the Allies might thiow caution to the wind and stait in invasion thiough Spam —X X— With all the talk of the invasion of Em ope we should not complete ly foi get the Pacific situation The allied bombeis in that aiea aie con tinning to cany out extensive laids against the J ip bases and it is known that theie aie a laige num bei of United Nations tioops m Austialia and New Guinea who aie just spoiling to get a ciack at the Jap
Anothei thing to be fi owned up on IS these senioi Chi 0 s Ahrens in paiticiilai fluting with mno cent fieshmen in oiitdooi labs
More Ot Ihis Pioxy Stuff I ist Fiiday night Selma Markman of WRH North received i Sig
Heie IS anolhei anecode fiom the Diapei Clan ATO Chit Marshall
urtmem
TODAY-FRi.-SAT.
THRILLING! SPECTACULAR!
LUMA
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
BOMAKfCE AND ACTION ROAR ACROSS THE PRAIRIE!
|%iiSE
^'^VllUSSELL HAYDEN
PLUS—SECOND HIT
Cdmtmd LOWE CHAPMAN
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE FEATURE
TOO. CAN — ' HAVE THE lAFfflMB I’fA imVME
..WITH THE _
MAN OF COURAGE — with — BARTON MacLANE CHARLOTTE WYNTERS LYLE TALBOT
PLUS
Merry Mixups Like Money froiq Home!
MY SON THE HERO PATSY KELLY ROSCOE KARNS
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
^'■GEORGfsMDERS LYNMBARIilines GJmioh • tll;ii IbihIm > mim HHUrt
— and —- CHARLES 5TARRETT
'PARDON MY GUN' — ALSO —-
WITH BLONDIE AND THE BUMSTEADS
— PI.US — LATEST PATHE NEWS
?!
\« i
Thurs^y; June IChf 19.43
Botierm^fier Sports
CARNIVAL TO BE HELD NEXT TUESDAY
Nine Teams Maintain Kinnkk Among Four
Their Undefeated Record
With only four or five games remaining on the schedule for Ward and fraternity softball teams, nine squads have managed to keep their records free from defeats. Five are in the fraternity competition and the remainder are in the Ward
league.
The Lambda Chis, Phi Tans and the Phi Belts are battling it out with the Army A and -- ' ■' — Army B teams for the frater- Kappa Delta Rho
nity league leadership. All
have a record of five victories r> • against no setbacks. Alpha Sigma Phi Wards 11 and 4a continue in Pi Kappa Alpha a deadlocked race foi the Indepen- Sigma Alpha Mu dent championship with lecoids of Pcta Theta Pi
four wins and no defeats. Waid 5 Acacia
and the Mai wood Co-op team le- Kappa Sigma rpain undefeated but have played Delta Chi
ope less game than the league
leaders.
Fraternity Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Kappd Tail Phi Delta Theta Army A Army B Delta Upsilon Sigma Alpha Epsilon Pi Kappa Phi Sigma Chi Sigma Phi Epsilon Army C Sigma Pi Triangle Beta Sigma Psi Alpha Chi Rho Sigma Nu Tau Epsilon Phi Alpha Tau Omega Delta Tau Delta Phi Kappa Phi Kappa Sigma Tau Kappa Epsilon
W 6
'■Phi Gamma Delta 'Phi Sigma Kappa
'Alpha Kappa Lambda
Ward Standing
Ward 4 A
L
0 0
0 Ward 11 0 Marwood 0 Ward 5 1 Ward 13 1 Ward 12 1 Ward 8 1 Dover 1 Ward 1 1 Ward 9 2 Owen 2 Rochdale 2 Ward 2 2 Westminster 2 Ward' G 2 Waid 1 3 Ward 3 3 Circle Pines 3 Ward 4 4 '■Ward 10 & 14 4 “^Diopped out of competition.
Hawkeye Casualties Nile Kinnick, the former Hawkeye all-American half-back who was killed in action as a naVal flier, is the fourth University of Iowa exathlete whose name has appeared upon a World War II casualty list. Two of the others are missihg in action. They are Ray Walters, 1936 National Collegiate 50-yard sprint swimming champion, missing on a flight in the South Paciflc area in Apiil 13, 1942 as a navy air pilot; and Bush Lamb, army airman missing in North Africa in November, 1942. Lamb was a footfall halfback and winner of two Big Ten javelin
titles.
Fourth Casualty, Jones The fourth casualty was Robert Jones, former swimmer, who was killed in a navy training plane crash in Florida, Feb. 8, 1942. Kinnick, in addition to being a Phi Beta Kappa scholar ^t Iowa, won more all-American recognition than any other Hawkeye in football history. \ Given Honors At the close of the 1939 season when he sparked the Iowa team to a sensational season, Kinnick was given these honors: Heisman trophy as U. S. No. T player; Walter Camp award, as outstanding player; Maxwell trophy, Grantland Rice’s all-American gold football; Williamson tiophy, All-American Football Board awards, including l^lanket,'^^weater, cup and plaque for captaincy; silver football from Chicago Tribune as Big Ten’s most valuable player; watch from New York Sun; and gold football from midwest sports writers.
THE SCENE CHANGES
SPREADING THE NEWS TOOK MONTHS
UNTIL THE EXPONENT WAS BORN
NOW YOU CAN GET ALL THE UP-T-O-THE-MINUTE NEWS OE THE CAMPUS
CALL 4005 AND ASK FOR THE PURDUE EXPONENT
if- Is Up To The Riveters
On the broad shoulders of l^op Doan’s baseball men rests the outcome of the Big Ten baseball lace for the year 1943. . . . Today the Riveters leave for Columbus, Ohio, where they will tangle with the Conference leading Ohio State club in single games tomorrow afternoon and Saturday. If the hard-hitting Boilermakers sweep the two game series, the Buckeyes will fipd themselves down in third place in the final standings with first place going to the surprising Minnesota team. ' .500 For The Season It is our guess that the Buckeyes will run into plenty of trouble over the week end, because the Riveter squad is really pointing for this series. . .. They topic it on the nose over at Illinois and then played their hearts out up at Wisconsin only to gain an even break with the Badgers. That 1 and 3 average in the Conference standings doesn’t suit the Boilermakers a little bit. ... What they are battling foi now is a couple of wins tomorrow and Saturday, bringing them up to an even .500 for the Big Ten season. ' No Non-Conference Losses As far as we know this has been one of the most successful Riveter diamond seasons for quite some time. . . . Under the direction of Dutch Fehring and Pop Doan the Boilermakers have breezed through the nonconference season without a setback. The first game over at Illinois was the only one all season in which they were outclassed (remember, that was the one which Andy Phillip won 11-0). The other two Big Ten losses were by one-run margins. On the whole that is speaking mighty well f^r Riveters considering the numerous losses of key men to the! armed forces. ’ All Of 'Em Are Leaving Near the end of each individual athletic season something is always said in tribute to the departing seniors. After the game Saturday, however, vii tually every member of the team will be through playing baseball tor the University for the duration at least. Therefoie it is hard to single out those usual few who are departing. . . . Purdue will miss the entire outfit plenty and in particular men like Duffy Fiiend, Tim Burger, Ed Misselhoin, Irv Claseman who have been around for several years giving the best they know how. NOTICE
We pay 1c each for all hangers in good usuable condition if brought to our office. WEST SIDE CLEANERS
^ roff m
arrow-
416
MAIN
Se.
DEWENTER'S
416
MAIN
• Sure it’s a swell Arrow Tie— but what will the Admiral say?” What does anyone say when he gees an Arrow Tie? He says, “It’s swell!”—For several reasons. Arrows are good-lookjng, in smart patterns and neat stripes. Arrows are made well, with a special lining cnt on the bias to resist wrinkles, and to see that they make perfect knots. Aitows are made of fine fahiucs —wear longer. For Army and Navy men as well as civilians—at your Arrow dealers, $1 and $1.50. ARROW
SHIRTS • TIES • HANDKERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR • SPORT SHIRTS -k BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS k
Close 1943 Season Against Buckeyes In Cleveland Park The Riveters will close the 1943 baseball season with a twogame series against Ohio State in Cleveland at the Indians’ home field this week end. The first of the two games will be played Friday and the final game of the series will be played
on Saturday.
Seventeen players are making the trip. They are Paul Friend, Jack Wright, Tom Burger and
Weather Ruins P. E.'s Sports
Carnival
By C. F. Wendell
Concerning the “Sports Carnival” that was to be held last Tuesday evening at seven-thirty in the Stadium, it seems that “Chief”
Jock Martin, outfielders; A. Martin, Jack Irmscher, Jim Jennings, Jack Jankovjc, Jfick Kennedy, J. Kelly, Bill Keller, Keyser and Walt Hesse are mailing the trip and Ned Timm, Irv Claseman, George Leftwich, gpd Ed Misselhorn complete the squad.
First Base Trouble
Pop’s chief worry right now is at first base. Jim Jennings, regular first baseman, is suffering from a spiained ankle received in last Sat-
Clevett of the intramural depart- ^j^ay’s tilts If Jennings is unable ment had made perfect arrange- to play, Kennedy will fill jn 'wbmi ments with everyone but old man Misselhorn is pitching, while Misweather, and lor some reason said ®®^boi'n himself will play first, whep
weather man had scheduled a show- mound,
er for carnNal night. According to Walter Hesse, who has been sufpreviously made plans, the “Shin- with an injured thumb, wiU dig” will be held in the same place— line-up and will
the Boilermaker Stadium; at the either catch or play third,
same time—seventy-thirty; one Farewell Game For Eight Players , week from last Tuesday night. The Ohio State series will not Now with a full week more of ^^st game of the season practice for the carnival, events ^^^o the last game for eight'of should run off with well oiled pre- players. Irmscher, Pi-iend; cision on this next Tuesday eve- Wright, Misselhorn, Burger, and nign;anditmaybethattheP.E. 12 Mai tin will graduate before mentor, Clevett, will pull a couple season comes around; of more rabbits out of the hat be- while Claseman and Hesse will be tween now and then, and add even ^he armed services. v more novelty to the show. Pop Doan’s attitude toward vieThe piogram that will be pre- tory was one of determination as he sented next Tuesday will be the “We’re not going along for the
same that was announced for the I’We.”
original peifoimance. About 2000 Purdue can not advance in thq men and women and members of standings by beating Ohio State but the armed forces stationed on the they can knock the Buckeyes out of
campus at the time will make up the fiist place.
cast. Towns people and others who Misselhorn will probably start
have not as yet become familiar ■ with the physical pieparation program that the Univeisity is featuring these days are in for both a
treat and a shock.
What the news leels show as man making machines for army and navy men are also being run light heie on the campus for students, and to see men scramble over the
the fiist game but the hurler for thft second tilt has not been named. R. M. Emmet Named Referee Of NCConte^ Captain R. R. M. Emmet, Coin-
eight foot wall and do the rest of manding Officer of the U. S. Naval the obstacles op the “Clevett Tiaining Station at Great Laku^i Steeplechase” is a guaranteed treat has been named referee of thb auto all. Its too bad that the program niial National Collegiate Athlfetie cannot provide as a contrast to the Association track and field meet carnival, the same SOIt of an affair Noithwestern University June put on by students and men of the 11-12. aimed forces—before the new His assistant will be Lt. CmdS*. T. muscles that the courses have pro- Nelson Metcalf, former athl^ic divided were there to decorate their rector at the University of Chicago now still dy skeletons. -yvho now is officer in charge of the
physical fitness program for the
Ninth Naval District.
Captain Emmet, one-time holdhr of the half-mile record at the U. S. Naval Academy, refereed the Big Ten meet at Dyche Stadium in May. Sigma Delta Chi . . . journalistic honorary, announces the pledging of Peter Sguros, Debris; Jack Abbett and Russell Lipes, Exponent. ' j
IM Schedules Softball, Thursday—6:45
Diamond—
17— Ward 5 vs Rochdale 18— Waid 6 vs Dover 19— Unit 1 vs Unit 3 20— Unit 2 vs Unit 4 21— Ward 7 vs Ciicle Pines 22— Mai wood vs Ward 8 23— Ward 4 vs Owen
'SulUofCii. Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTEV'i V
' '- / .-p -ji , ^ _, 1 r" (
t ’ ^ f
m
« r^- ^ •■% ^ge 4
PuriduiS Exponent
Thursday^ Jun^ 10^ 194S *»!
Coed Braves Sailors To Sell Salesman Changes Tactics Of Approach To Sell Stamps
University ar Stamps
Grid Optimism
Notices
Now Increasing
Ph, Lambda Upmlon Keya are here Call ^^“ble at 2941 at 116 Univeraity afUr 7pm >“GOFr ___
Civil Siigineera: Annual ASOJE banquet Lutheran Students: Skating wHl ^ Will be held Saturday June 12 at 6^ 30 held Friday, June 18, at 7 80 at Mapla p m in the Union Get your tickets now^ Point Transportation furnished Fop fur-* % —STEIN ther information call Mary Fr^Cis Doty,
• 2096 or Walter Alvin 46862 Bring yOUr
All Students TWo boys are needed to help dates and fall down with the r^t
in the Home EC Cafeteria during noon hour Everyone welcome
-MATTHEWS
University Offers
at 4 p m at Hilkl House 116 Sheetz St
—aLUC^t
Delta Rho Kappa Important meetinfc on
Nothinp’ liac! nonimprl in lApnnt Thuisday June 10 at 4 <10 p m in loom iNoining nas occuiieci in lecent —scHLPARTZ weeks to change the film convicj., n -n /-I Cl 1 1 SiKma Pi Sigma Picnic Saturday at Ross tion of Director E G. Schroeder Camp Meet at 2 IJ m at the Physics
All <4f(id<<rils Ten nnneo every TViiireday Basic Militafy Students* All basic stu- at the west end of the Pieldhousi 4 ti m nt*Hilk1 Hmisp 116 ^heytz St <lonts are urged to note the _Bchedule posted perience needed so come on out
GAMBLE AH Students* There will he a callout for
University yell leaders Thursday at 4 p m
All basic stu- at the west end of the Pielcihouse No ex-
on the Bulletin. Boaid in the Armory for
turning in wool trousers and caps
—BROWN
MORRISON
1
Meeting Ihursday. June 10, room 104 of the Ficldhouse.
that the Univeisity of Iowa will Building
have a football team next fall—m fact, his optimism has inci eased “We will have a young team, piobably mostly fieshmen with a
-MIDDLETON
Alpha 7eta Alumni and Members Initiation smoker Thursday June 10 at 7 p m n West Faculty l^ounge Special invitation extended to ahimni —PONDER
Dolphin Club
at 7 16 p m in :
Alpha Pin Omega Pledges There will be Bring suggestions for pledges and a report a very important meeting Thursday at 7 30 on the wolk assigned to you P m in room 307 of the Union —MURPHY
—EAGLE ■
Pratcrnity President’s Council. Meeting Skull and Crescent Informal initiation will be held Thursday June 17 at 7 p m. Meet in Swedish Lounge at 9 p m Thurs- m room 302 of the Union day evening June 10 —MARWOOD as originally announced —DAWSON
Bj Margaret Bajnes
Clutching the tin pan filled with red, green, blue and black A special war tiammg couise ofassorted victory stamps ,we (being an Exponent reporter in advanced training m mathe-
disguise) took our place beside the stately candy machine m ™Btics will meet tonight at 7 m putting up some good games,” Dithe Lafayette theater’s gaudy red and blue lobby. We were u°°™The couise^'wiirbe conducted Schroedci said
quite downcast with shyness, but ready to win the war by sell- twice a week and will piepaie mmg stamps, if necessarj’’. stmctois for wax training and unWe gazed at the Tootsie Rolls in the candy machine for a giaduate engmeeimg classes
Student Senate There will be a general meeting Monday June 14 at 8 p m in the
small sprinkling of upperclassmen Senate office —thomas
-but it will be a team capable of^“
while and our courage returned. We even ciawled bravely to the window and watched the show until we noticed people helping themselves fiom the tin box, then we
hull led back
First Attempts Aie Feeble Oui first attempts veie so feeble
that the people though ve veie giving something away, so we changed oui tactics and sci earned hoaisely instead ‘ Buv that victoiy stamp with the ceitain something, here,
step light up” , That didn’t woik either, so we
stuck out an exixeiimental foot and tupped a sailoi He sprawled at oui feet, so ve yelled, “Buy a stamp, we’ie at wai ” He picked himself up and agieed, then gave a
Piofes^oi M W Kellei of the mathematics depaitment is instxuctoi fox the couxse which includes an advanced study of algebia, equa tions and then applications, loga-
, , , xithms and moie difficult pioblems - , , , „ Additional xegistiations will be ac-
managex (we txied to sell him a stamp all evening, but he was stamp shy) and found we had sold a bond and a bond’s woith of
Officials Attend Safety Institute Moxe than 300 plant pxotection
officials and law enfoi cement officeis attended the legional confex-
, , cnees held in vanous cities by the ‘Fust xate men without pievious Institute of the Uni-
commitments and ovei the diaft
PUS FUGITSI!
Most impoitant cuxxent item is the acquiiing of a head coach, a task upon which Hawkeye officials now aie woikmg Diiectox Schroedei hopes to complete the seaxch
by July 1
feeling which even the xain didn’t dampen, we waited thiee houxs fox a bus, and finally axxived home aftex a pxofitabje evening (We now knew whexe the “sneaking in” doox
was )
cepted at the oxganization meeting Thuisday night
Placement' Notes
For Women
Miss Maiy A Rigney, Peisonnel Depaitment, Room 506 Administia tion Building, Homan and Arthington Stieets, Seals, Roebuck, and Company, Chicago, Illinois, wiites of openings in then mexchandise
word of advice, “That s no way to do coinpaxison depaitment fox inspec-
Uknes Gaining After Illness
age axe haxd to find,” the Hawk-
eye athletic head obsexved Iowa has diawn an eight game
schedule, the home games being with Wisconsin, Iowa Pie-Plight, Indiana, and Illinois, and xoad games with Gicat Lakes, Pin due, Minnesota, and Nebxaska Openex IS Sept 25 with Gieat Lakes, fol-
veisity duxing the month of May The puipose of these confexences conducted each month is to acquaint the officials with the wax sexvice
txaining piogxam
Denxonstiates Saboteiu’s Methods Duxing May the piogxam included lectuies and demonstiations on “Sabotage Devices and Piecau-
lowed by thiee successive games at tio'ifa m Wai Industiies ” The meet-
Capt. Ben H. Petty
bei,
foimei Univeisity staff mem lias been assigned to Foit
un subtle And I that black jack.
It, sistei, too
wouldn’t eithei ”
Refuses To Talk To Sailors We letiied to a haughty distance and lefused to speak to another sailoi, even to the ensigns That’s why one came up and pleaded to buy some stamps, but we ignored him He went acioss the lobby to
toib and comparative shoppeis If you axe at all inteiested will you wiite 01 telephone Miss Rigney’s office at once and let me know that you aie applying If you do not care to apply and have taken anothei position foi next year I shall also appreciate knowing
The Cential Institute for the
Betty, who was selling on the west Deaf, 818 ^ South Kingshighway, side, and said, “Will you sell me a Saint Louis, Missouri, which is af-
bond, that othei giil doesn’t undei filiated with Washington Univex- . . « A A "P UBJki* stand English” We knocked dowi sity announces a numbei of tuition W A A i O oOiCB ^^BXGCo
two old women, but got to the en scholarships fox students who have
completed two years of undergraduate work and graduate scholarships fox those working towards Master’s Degree The courses con sist of training in the field of speech
111 foi some weeks in the marine coips hospital at San Diego, Charles Uknes, the Univeisity of Iowa’s f^illback last fall, now is improving but will be given a medical discharge fiom the coips it has
been learned here
Uknes infoimed fi lends that he
contracted a kidney ailment which brought on a heart disorder His weight diopped fiom 195 pounds to 160 The “ ^ City man has been
ordeiea ^ nothing physically headquaiteis, when he left home
stienuous for seveial yeais Uknes, who also became a bas-
ketball legulai, left the Univei^iity in February apparently m good health but became ill aftei aiiival
at San Diego
home Bigs were conducted by Professor
J L Lingo, diicctor of the Public Safety Institute and Jack Eiwin, Chief of Plant Piotection in the Office of Civilian Defense, Cleve-
land, Ohio
The prog lain included actual
knox, Ky .is .„sistint to tho post ,|e„ces
AND IF YOU DON’T HURRY YOU WILL BE LEFT BEHIND.
FOLLOW THE CROWD TO THE
COFFEE SHOP DOWNSTAIRS IN THE UNION
engincci, wheie ho will sent next Tuesday He was called to active aimy seivice May 30 iiom the Umveibity civil cngincciing school Capt Petty repoited at Foit
used by enemy saboteuis and lec trues on sabotage methods and how
to protect against them
The confeiende duiing June will deal with a fuithei discussion of
sabotage and geneial safety meas rues for industiial plants and will
I
sign in time to make the sale We soon became sunounded b’ many little, fingei in the moutl , staling childien, who fought fiartically to get at the candy machin >
l the Women’s Columbm
spoils as bad
which we had alieady plugged wiHr collection and education of the deaf tar (chewing gum being scarce) and the hard of hearing and leads Of an obseiving natuie we notic’d to degiees fiom Washington Uni 1 ight away how many moie nickies veisity Any one inteiested should went to the candy machine then to call Placement Service for Women
the tin box, so we plugged the niachane up, hung an “Out of older” sign on it, sat on it, and thus be-
came the center of interest Students Refuse To Buy
The lilting stiaiiis of a Bugs Bunny comedy floated over the
(2955) for fuithei infoimation
Miss Hulda Ungeiicht, Home Seivice Dliectoi of the Ohio Fuel Gas Company, Columbus, Ohio, has wiitten concerning openings on her staff for Home Seivice assistants
Swimming will be the mam lea true at Mixed Recieation to be held
Vomoirow night ii Gymnasium Such
niinton, volley ball and pmg pong will stait at 7 30 and last until 10 Swimming will be from 8 to 0 Soft soled biioes aie the only lequiiement Coeds and cds with dates and without aie uiged to at
tend
WAA tennis toiunamont in uhich 8ru"ci (Chii
Typewriteis Adding mnenmes all makes sold rented rep lire 1 and jurchased Mimeo graph uoik tiono L J Ebershoff 606 Main
*jafayctte Phgne 2 9
Money to Loan On diamonds watches guTib IigtiTLc tyi Gwiilcrs Alberts Loan
Lost—r ill of bh II 1 mmc ] ul sscs lid Chules I 1 1 1 Phoi G 29(0
Students w ishn ^ t j
sci d 1 til n 1 1 p
Cny Hill S th
Wa ited S me
1 hoi c ‘’6S)
be held in East Chicago, South Bend, Evansville, Teiie Haivte, Indianapolis, ConneiSville, Kokomo and Bloomington
a
social liateimtv, announces the pledging of Jeiiy Marcus and Fled Nagel, East Chicago, Ind , Robeit Richland, Cleveland Heights, Ohio rnd Noiman De Wobkin, St Louis, Mo
DELICIOUS FOOD
LOW PRICE
GOOD SERVICE
20 gills aie enteicd has now started the second loimd of compe tition The first round was com pleted yesterday and all giils ■rie
lobby, so we now gave it our un- These positions will be in Columbus ^'‘Bve played off the second round
divided attention In this preoccu ^nd other Ohm cities wheie theie by Piiday
pied mannei, we sold stamps to are blanches of the company The DMns aie now undei way to sched sailois, who bought profusely, and involves demonstrations and Ble mixed doubles latei
matched pennies with Univeisity talks, conducting cooking schools.
students, vhich is as neai as they would come to buying a stamp Scribbled on the inside of the caidboaid booth which was oui lefuge, was “Bevaie of the usheis” and suie enough it seems as al wavs, the unifoim makes the man Duiing the lulls, we played catch with a flashlight helped tal e tickets, (sneaked seveial little 1 ids in when oui ushei wasn’t lool mg), and had all kinds of fun Finds “Sneaking In” Door At 9 p m we checked in with the
making calls in homes supplying recipes, etc If you are at all intei ested will you wiite Miss Ungeiicht at once and let me know you aie ap plying to hei If you do not apply I shall appreciate a note fiom you
also
Notice P E M 9 divisions C, D and E Quiz will be this week -ALLEN
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
The leaders and the peoples of the entire world today are watching Washington. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importance of Washington news and its bewildering mass make it ot special value now to have, besides running news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No. I column is Drew Pearson's The V/ashington Merry-Go-Round. Look tor it in the PURDUE EXPONENT
MILDER BETTER TASTE For the first in smoking pleasure change to Chesterfield with its MiLDER. Cooler. Better Taste. Its Right Combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos tops them all in giving smokers what they want. THEY SATISFY. Tor the fit st tn listening pleasure turn to Chesterfield’s two great radio shows: FRED WARING and fits gang with Victoiy Tunes and Nation’s topnotch 15-mtnute variety show —HARRY JAMES and Amet tea’s leading dance band. Light up and enjoy the cigarette that SATISFIES.
THE CIGARETTE THAT GIVES SMOKERS WHAT THEY WANT
s
>1 ^