I ^ ' ' * '^ ■*; ' !i“'‘‘'’ I ' , ." I,/* ' I ‘ ‘ ’ ! .‘ ’’I ■‘’ '■' ', *f'■^'t
n i
V '
m
Ml
EDIT DEFENDS Exponent Against Unjust Accusations
Established 1889
xfioneHi
VARSITY NETMEH Turn Back Freshmen In Hardwood Meeting
Volume 55, No. 60
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, December tO, 1942
New Registration Dates For Draft Announced Men Reaching 18 Years Of Age Before December 31 Must Register Due to the number of students who have asked the Student Industrial Relations and Personnel Committee questions con-' cerning registration for Selective Service, that organization has obtained the following information from the local draft
board.
The registration of men who haVe reached their eighteenth birthday since June 80, 1942, is to be conducted during the period December 11, 1942, —
through December 31,1942, in-
clusive.
The following schedule is to be followed, in order to permit the registration of these individuals in an orderly manner, and without undue interruption of local
board office routine:
(a) Those men who reached the age of 18 during the period July 1, 1942, to August 31, 1942, inclusive,
shall register on any day during the action of Playshop’s newest producweek commencing Friday, Decern- tion, “The Moon is Down”-which her 11, 1942, and ending Thursday, had its second performance last December 17, 1942. night before a rather unresponsive (b) Those who reached the age audience in Fowler Hall, of is during the period September 1, jg y
of invasion
1942 to October 31, 1942, inclusive, a small undefended town by conshall register on any day during the soldiers, and the reaction
and trials of the soldiers during the
ending Thursday, occupation, with a note of hope for
Playshop Gives I ■ ^ M I
Of 'Moon Is Down'
By Bill Tyson
“The Flies have conquered the Flypaper” seems to sum up the
December 24, 1942.
(c) Those who reach the age of 18 during the period November 1, 1942, to December 31, 1942, inclusive, shall register on any day during the period commencing Saturday, December 26, 1942, and ending Thursday, December 31,1942.
freedom throughout the play. Although the play is not one which has any particular lead parts, the number of good performances by supporting characters was large. After getting off to a slow start, the first act was made enjoyable by the acting of a number of players.
(d) During the continuance of the Carolyn Wood As Mayor’s Wife present war ,those men who reach Carolyn Wood, as the Mayor’s
th^ge of 18 on or after January 1, ^ completely realistic j% U«ll SI WUS Amah 1943, shall register on the day such pg^^.^yai of a small village mayor’s Pail-He!! 101181(11 Will Opeil age is attained, unless this date falls courage to keep . ■ * a rhich^ewn77-ePis\?aHon°sS up with the daily duties during try- ItlforSHa! RUShlllO TO All
which event legislation shall be times. Dick Kohls as the Mayor accomplished on the following day. Ceorge Zissis as his friend the
Registration Taken At Any Board Registration on the above designated dates is to be conducted during the hours of 9 a. m to 5 p. m. Registration will be accomplished at the local board office which is 203 Post Office Building, Lafayette, for the area of West Lafayette and county. Register within your area if possible although registration will be taken at any board whenever distance or inconvenience prevents registration otherwise.
Tiny Hill To Provide Music For PIA Winter Mixer Friday, December 18 PIA Members To Be Admitted Free, Other Students Must Pay $1.10 “America’s Biggest Bandleader”, will be featured at the Purdue Independent Association’s Winter Dance, which will occupy both of the Union Ballrooms on the evening of Friday, December 18. This dance will be informal, rather than formal, as was previously announced by the Exponent. For the dance, the PIA has succeeded in bringing to the campus one of America’s most distinctive dance or-
chestras.
The “Massive Maestro”, Tiny Hill, has been featured on both the Mutual and NBC Networks and has also made a name for himself in the field of phonograph recordings. He does not feqr the draft because of a mere 175 pounds of what the army has chosen to call overweight. All 365 pounds of Tiny will be on the campus for the dance which will keynote the last week end before students pack up and leave the campus for the holidays. PIA, Dates Admitted Free Members of the PIA and their dates will be admitted free, while the fee for the non-member couples will be $1.10. Through this dance, the PIA will furnish distinctive entertainment for students as well as those who will be on the campus prior to the commencement exer-
cises.
Perhaps Tiny’s greatest success was his version of “Angry” of which over 500,000 copies have been sold and which is apparently still going
strong.
Tiny will furnish vocals for his own different styles of popular num-
bers.
Reckman, Pescok Will Direct Duties Of Activities Bureau For Coming Year
Doctor both gave veteran perform-
ances.
The second act gave more atten(See PLAYSHOP, page 4)
Dr. T. K. Cowden . . . member of the Rural Economics staff, will be in Chicago Ffiday, where he will address the annual meeting of the Illinois Milk Dealers’ Association. The subject of his address will be “AdjustingBusiness to Wartime Economics.”
Penalty Day Tuesday, December 22, is a penalty day. Under no circumstances will a release from the $5.00 penalty fee be granted to anyone for absence during the 24-hour period. This is also the last day of the term when final grades must be reported to the Registrar. Any student who fails to attend his last class may be endangering his term grade. No consideration will be given to personal calls or to letters directed to this office.
—GOLDSMITH
Coeds Play House . . . Five Coeds Take Course In Interior Decorating
! By Beverly Parsons Eveiy Wednesday afternoon five coeds take a ten-minute walk to the University Hou.sing- Research .section, located ofl' Stadium Road. They cntci a small, seven-room “defense house” and attempt to become interior decoratoi .s. Enrolled in Applied Design 104, a couisse in house furni.shings, the class accepted an offer by Carl F. Booster, director of Housing Research, to furnish the house for $126. They weie stalled with a bonus of one built-in bed, two liunks, and a complete lino of kitchen equipment. The le.st of the furnishings were to come from the limited funds pi ovided. J^implicity the Keynote According to Miss Ruth Austin, instructor, theii- aim was to “keep the furnishings in simple, good design, as well as colorful and chceiful”. The problem was a practical one in “decorating in good tliste at a minimum cost”. Their first step was the selection of inexpensive, comfortable furniture foi the living room, bed room, two bunk rooms and the kitchen. By choosing unpainted tables and chairs, they saved money and at the same time are able to enamel them to match their original color schSmos. Confronted with the pres-
ent high pi ices of studio couches, the resouiceful coeds bought a $9.80 steel cot which came equipped with mattiess and metal arms, ’fhe arms were padded, a slip covei and cushions were added, and theie emerged a pioud studio couch. Clas.s Sewing To Save Pennies Percale mateiial was selected for the seven pair ol casement curtains which weie to take the place of costly window shades. Fiom 1 to 4 every Wednesday, the coeds sewed and .stitched to save pennies. Three bedspreads weie also added to the list of “sewables”, a crinkled one foi the large bedroom, a peasant print for the little gill’s room, and a plain gioen stripe for the boy’s bunk
1 oom,
Thiow rugs solved the pioblom of floor coverings, while the pine floors 1 eceived piotective coats oJfwax and stain. Pictures for the natural walls and other accessoi ies completed the list of articles to be purchased from the bankioll. In one semester, the class has almost completed its project. While staying within theii budget and actually decorating a modern defense house, they have especially i eceived valuable experience in furnishing at a minimum—experience which will prove profitable when the money starts disappearing aftel- the war.
Regardless Of Grades Pan-Hellenic Council will start pre-rush registration Friday, Dec. 11, from 1 to 5 p. m. The students who are eligible for this registration aie freshmen who entered school in September, transfers entering in September or at any time previously, and upperclassmen. All students who are inteiested should sign up regardless of their uncertainty about grades. The tentative lush schedule is as follows: mass meeting and registration, Saturday, Jart. 9; informal rushing periods are scheduled for Sunday and Monday, Jan. 10 and 11; informal invitational dinners Tuesday, Wednesday and Thuisday, Jan. 12, 13 and 14; preference dinners and signing of preference cards will be held on Friday, and the actual pledging will take place
Saturday.
University Offers Engineering Course For Women Students One hundred women students will enroll m the University to stai’t a special one year course in engineering February 1, 1943, in order to equip them with technical knowledge foi employment with the Cur-tiss-Wiight Aeronautical Corpora-
tion.
Interviews To Be Held Miss Clevelis, representative of Curtiss-Wiight, will be on the campus Sunday and Monday to answer any questions that might arise. An inteiview can be ai ranged through Miss Feldt’s office. Anyone interested should come to the Dean of Women’s office or Miss Feldt’s office. Some transfer students may have been missed because the office did not have theii lecoids. It any woman students are interested, call the Placement Service for Women’s Office as soon as possible to arrange an interview. Application blanks can be obtained at the office and they must lie filled m prior to the interview. Exponent Staff Schedules for the rest of the semester are posted in the Exponent Office. Please report for work on the night assigjied or be sure to get a substitute. Staff for tonight: Issue Editor, Hahn; proof. Goodenough, Ilaiinum; workers, Stephenson, Speck, Clifford, Helffrich, Gandy, Vick, Porter, Howes, Hudson, Baynes, Spandet.
Hunter Will Conduct Poll For Saiurday Review Of Literature With the announcement of a new monthly poll, the publishei’s of the Saturday Review of Litei'ature selected Arthur P. Hunter, a student in the University, to direct the research on the campus. He is to question 70 students, 30 professors, and one book dealer once a month and report his findings to the Intercollegiate Litei’ary Survey located in Chapel Hill, N. C. In the November poll, .students and professors were asked what books they were reading or had been reading in the past month and what book they think would make an ideal Christmas present. Local book dealers were questioned regarding the names of their five best-selling books. The poll was divided into books read by professors and those read by students themselves. Poll Includes Wide Survey According to the results of the Intercollegiate Survey, W. L. White’s stoi'y of American PT boats in the Pacific, “They Were Expendable,” was the most popular book among college students and professors in the month of November. It was found after the magazine polled 3,600 students, 1,600 professors, and 50 book dealers at 60 colleges throughout the country that the second choice within this group was Tolstoy’s “War and Peace.” Franz Werfel’s “Song of Bernadette” placed third. This sui-vey was organized in the month of October, and each monthly poll extends to other colPeges throughout the United States. It intends to establish an accurate cross-section of what college students and iirofessors are reading. Prof. Kuethe Speaks At Dinner For IAS Student Branch Main speaker at the semi-annual dinner held by the student branch of the Institute of the Aeronautical Sciences la.st night was Professor A. M. Kuethe, chairman of the depaiLinent of Aeronautical Engineering at the Univeisity of Michigan. A,l)out GO members of the newly reorganized branch ol the IAS at the University attended the affair. Other speakers besides Prof. Kuethe were Lain-Tai Cheung, a graduating Aeionautical student from China who discussed the “Spirit of the Chinese Air Force,” and Bob Kinney, who gave .a synopsis of his thesis on “V-tailed” aircraft. Kuethe Urges “Pure Research” In his speech, Frol. Kuethe urged the students to keep the field of “puie research” in aeronautical design open, and said that the present tendency to “freeze” designs of aircraH, even during the war, was a dangerous policy if earned to ex-
tremes.
He said that, “The side wnich has the greatest development in theoretical lescai'ch in aeronautical design and calculation may well force the issue in the present war.” In suppoit of this statement, he cited the example of the German development of the “finite wing theory” from vortex laws in the first world
wai.
Middle Path Kuethe suggested a middle path, involving both theoretical and functional development in the aeionautical field during the war and afterwards. Other speakers at the banquet included Professors J. Liston, H. L. Solberg, K. D. Wood, and E. F. Bruhn. Machlin Laddon, a senior Aero student, served as toastmaster.
Recruiting Board Will Meet Here Friday "Monday Student's Must Sign In Personnel Office A special recruiting board from the Office of Naval Officer Procurement in Chicago will be on the campus Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday for the purpose of completing the enlistments in the Navy V-1 and V-7 reserves for those students who applied for enlistment in these classes on or before December 6, when all enlistments in the Army and Navy were closed by executive order. All enlistments must now be complete by Decem-
ber 16.
The Board, which will consist of three officers and four enlisted men, will be located in the conference room of the Executive Building. All students who wish to meet with the board must sign up for appointments at the Personnel Office. Appointments for Friday and Saturday must be made today and a list of those who are to make appointments will be published in the notice column. While notices are being mailed to those concerned, the names of those who are to report Sunday and Monday will also be published in the notice column Sunday. The list upon which these students are to schedule appointments will be ready late Friday or Saturday morning. Student who plan to complete their enlistments on these four days should turn in all required papers to Assistant Dean W. A. Knapp in the Executive Building as soon as this material is completed. The last physical examinations for V-1 and V-7 are scheduled for Friday evening and Saturday afternoon in Dr. Miller’s office. One hundred twenty-five students have indicated their interest in V-1 and V-7 by filing applications for enlistments in these two classes. Students interested in V-6 will be enlisted through the local Navy recruiting station, while applications for the Marine reserve are being handled by the local Marine Headquarters in the Reifers Exchange Store on East Main St. Zouaves Hold Initialion; Hear Lf. Col. Klnuard At Annual Banguet At a formal banquet held Tuesday night, the Purdue Order of Zouaves held its initiation, and listened to Lt. Col. H. W. 0. Kinnard talk on “The Japanese Tactics in Luzon.” At a business meeting preceding the banquet, officers were elected for the organization. Dick Unger y/ias elected Captain; Bill Cross, 1st Lt.; Bill Gommel, 2nd Lt,; and Charles Albritton, 1st Sergeant. Also at this meeting the new sponsor, Lt. Howard, was formally introduced to the group. New members of the group are: Howard Aronson, W. Becher, M. R. Benard, Seth Burgess, M. A. Gallucci, H. A. Goldman, Bob Griffin, Carl Gwin, F. J. Hannum, V. H. Jennings, P. L. Kerkling, W. H. Knipe, C. R. Labus, Keith Law, Geo. Lodge, Bob Mayfield, D. W. Mier, W. C. Phillips, Eugene Roy, R. Shattow, E. K. Stocker, Bob Wilkinson, C. K. Wolveiton, and M. C.
Young.
Prof, C. R. Donham . . . attended a mee?ting of the United States Livestock Sanitary Association in Chicago last week. Professor Donham was chaii’man of the committee on Bang’s disease in
cattle.
Libbert, Tyer,Snaw, Moore, Sprague To Head Bureau Committees Bill Reckman and Jim Pescok were elected director and executive, respectively, of the University Activities Bureau at
its annual election of officers.
' The junior officers who were elected are Marge Libbert» Faye Tyer, Bill Snow, Bill Moore and Jane Sprague. 'They will head the six committees of the bureau, which are the handbook, supervising the bureau’s
contribution to the freshman bible, office for clerical and personnel work, interviewing, publicity, projects for the War Council clerical work, etc,, and determining student eligibility for activities. The director of the bureau determines its policy, and the executive carries out this policy. Coordinates Student Activities The Activities Bureau, originating as a branch of the Student Union, has as its general aim the coordination of campus activities. The function of the bureau is to keep a record of each individual student in the University as far as his activities are concerned, this is designed to interest and inform students about all campus activities. The electoral board which seledt. ed the officers is composed of the heads of the nine major activities on the campus. Any student may petition for a jimior or senior job
WAA To Hold Harvest Hop Friday Night WAA will hold its annual Harvest Hop tomorrow night in the north ballroom of the Union. The dance is the last coed-bid dance of the year, but tickets will also be sold by WAA members to people other than WAA members and coeds of the University. Tickets are being sold in sorority houses, co-op houses, and the residence halls and they will also be sold at the door the night of the dance. The price is
$1.10 a couple.
Bud Roderick, from the Illinois campus, who has played on this campus before this year, will play for the dance. Also a specialty number presented by the Purdue Folk
Dance Club will be given during the ^t^out having had previous
evening. WAA has asked the house-moth-ers of the campus to' act as chaperones and a reception will be held for them during the dance. Gamma BailFeatures Mickey Isley Dec, 12 Kappa Kappa Gamma and Delta Gamma sororities will hold their annual Gamma Ball in the North Ballroom of the Union Saturday,
perience on the .bureau, thus indents who have been prom&rtSHt in other activities may be elected to a
job on the bureau.
Hockema Expresses Desire For Coeds To Remain Here “I hope that there will always be women at Pux’due,” said Frank C. Hockema yestex’day at the con-
December 12. Dinner will be served vocation which was held for all Unito the xnembers of the two sorori- versity women in the Music Hall, ties and their dates, but bids are This meeting of all coeds was being issued for the dancing from held yesterday for the dual purpose 11:30. counteracting rumors that womMusic for the dancing will be fur- en will not be allowed at the Uni-
nished by Mickey Isley and his orchestra. Isley’s band has been popular in and around Gary. This dance, which is an annual affair on other campuses which have
versity next yeax*, and for testing the mechanical aptitudes and sci-
entific skills of the coeds.
Acting Dean Clare Coolidge also spoke to the thirteen hundred coeds
chapters of these sorox-ities, is being ,^ho took the tests for scientific
held for the second consecutive
year at the University. Alpha Chi Rho . . . social fratex-nity, will hold a new initiate dance in the chapter house Friday fi’om 8:30 to 11:30
p. m.
skills. Miss Coolidge stated that the coeds could best serve the nation’s war effort by staying in school if the training which they were taking could be listed as aiding the success of the war effort, and if this was not true, they should do their best to transfer to some
vital field.
New Column Soon . . . Chinese Student To Write Column For Exponent
Graduation Tickets All those people who requested extra tickets for graduation come to the Student Senate Office between 4 and 5 today to get them. —HARDIN
“I hope to be in China for the allies’ victoiy in two years,” said genial smiling George Wu in an interview yesterday. Wu, a/special student in Mechanical Engineering at the University has many interesting tales to tell of the economic and social life of China at war. A graduate of an American Univeisity in China, Wu came to the University to learn as much engineering as he could in the time allowed him before he is forced to return to China. Authority On World Affairs A mild mannered young man with an unexpected smile, Wu has had many experiences which qualify him to speak as an authority on Chinese affairs. He served for several years checking lend lease supplies which are sent to China by the allies. Boi n in the Kwong-tung province, Mr, Wu has lived both m Hong Kong and Shanghai. Smiling quietly Wu said, “If I am a cat, six of my nine lives are gone,” and he preceded to relate several of his narrow escapes. One of these came when a car which Wu was driving was strafed by a low flying Jap plane, and an-
other when a large piece of shxrapnel narrowly missed his head when the Japanese took Shanghai. “I was in Chung King during the wox’st bombing season,” said Wu. “Once I was in a dugout for three days, because everytime I started out, the Japs came again. What would you have done?” Most of the bombing attacks on the cities of China come between May and the end of September in order to avoid the fogs which grip the coast. A sturdily built athlete, Mr. Wu, who has participated in several Olympics, showed great enthusi»8m for baseball and other American games. He spoke fondly of times he had seen the New York Yankees play, but he said with a touch of 1 egi-et that the Americans were too good in their sports for the Chinese to be able to beat them. When asked how long he would be in this country, Wu said, “K the allies take the Bux'ma Road, I wiB go back to work.” Wu is going to write a column in the Exponent which llrBil present interesting fact^ about ^ economic and social aspeeta of China at war.' Ih'i
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, December 10, 1942
Puf^dtue Exponent ddiMVt'al btid %iisiness Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 CdlMitibl PRSHe A^Ftbr VO p. m., 5377
RdUor , ..... fcuainoks Sew.a EHihu; E'4!i!;r......... Senior .V{:]v'ertisi\:ff iilnhajrtr.. StJo'Tlii KpU?»r . Cond Edifo’' ('of-ti lln.a'tie.-s ICkociittTc
William G. Hoskins ..Gerhard H. Klouman - ivoben W. libswmKje .15'alo E. But? Jiirftea A. Petty ...Joseph S. Dawson Sally. Beall .:A. Jane R^im
.\><o
PubliceTfipn Staff
Editorial Staff
diloi-^: !:. o. Ccylor, J. T. Richardson, T. L. Tilton, »V. L. A^crmilion, M. L. Smith, C. C. Mhi'tin-
(icli, 1:'. Mi>rphy. '' Cupri Staff: >lahn, Martha Lee RiR^rs, Catolyn Wilbur, Sp'or’ts Str.ri : .i. r.i... V). Shry.r, R. Smith.
. Business Staff
.'.s.-^istr.nl Advprf jvitig Mantifeer: J. Filpi. .Xd’.-'ilTjtih:; Vd iniiVer.';: .J.'i Ib^ton, (J. Gaunt, J. McCiIIIourI:.
.f. Te.\A,.
rir.;;.lclion Miuiixirer: W. MliVy'Dilts.
r.h c Pti .*.-i tj c irid(ipf2n def
. .. ..i)av- Brtr ii TluTnvhi\v .Elwin'W.llja'.m. Roberta’ Kecsslf-r ..SeotC Brown . ..(Tsorge I'air'o Hitrold 'Hendricks
ijt.ifr Por This lssu~
s'hd'f i;-.p.-.y 1m1: S'-Vh'it-
isf ue 33dilf>r: A.bbct'. Si>4.rt.*j Edivir:
.1- nd- class matter at the post office in Lafayr Ih.'’’ act of Congress oi. March 'h ■f rate of postage provided for in section !: toh ■> ,?l. -1917, aiith'dmed January 20, 1922. y, Thursday, Friday and Sunday .mornings 1. i.'^hv. ri'fl locally by carrier fdr -ST.75 for u ii; .!-• iv-r s'.mc'siers; by mail for $2.00 for a 50 for two seme^t^V.s. for iiaiional advci‘tising by National Advertisn.c.. Colb'gc Publishers Representatives, 420 M- w‘York,-N.-Y.
MSIIfH€roN I grin i*cNp BEAR IT L.cl..y
.III
.1
lie 'Exponent
J.viiiloi i^il wMiters■ afi'd •'professors are frequoriii:.' .:i)t,5rrag of the rfierits of the “Purdue Sy.'leiri " covieerniug the small amount of dis-.-entio.n betweeii organized and unorganized ';ti!de.nte' b'/ri the campus—and yet too fre-q-LitTiTly the accusatipn .is hurled at the Exponeot that it represerits only the organized stu-
denr:-..
The .se-iudge fire of dissention is kept sniouldeviiig by this accusation. It seems vtorth-ivhiic to explain that dissen'^ion has no f0 ini d a L ion for existence. li! ihe first place, although many more org;)„!iized students try dht for jobs on the paper than do independent students, a greater perc'Tita.ge of mdepehdent students get jobs. The teiidciicy on the part of the paper would seem lo fa'-oji', if anythihg, the unorganized student. ■In tl'ic .'ccond place, consciously, no more iav(.r ir; .ivi '-'cn to the fraternity dances than to Cary Club’s dances; just as much is said aboid li'ie Reamer Club’s activities as the Gimlet hs ; cru’i'i.'-rK throw papers just as often into the Irateruity rose bushes as into the co-op rose biudies, ahd so on. In curie cases the accusation might seem to be ju.- tiiied when independent organizations sul'iTiii ai-iic'les which never get in the paper, v.'hjcn in;.- Imppened. It can truthfully be said that ii! every ease this has happened, it. has berri! inivn'ike. It ckn do no harm to admit iba.i the ;R-;ponent organization is not infalIrbje. .'iis;,.kes are numerous, particularly wiicn ner siafis take over. . I h'nb. ijiy 110 group Oh the campus thinks it yey; I rani;:’; publicity in the Exponent. Inden . ;;de!i; y vnups may think along this line. The e ; r eu hi 1 n id realize that with the four-paper-a- vn-lbs i-e is not as much room for a! (idle-as f'dimerly. Vi in a aiu.aid ads appear, such as those of i i;i‘ \\ a iiiji'nlon Merry Go Round and the war bi.r! i :'n y are not put in because there is a lack Ml' i.iews to fill the paper. The unpaid ads : 11 n in place of the ads which merchants VMM • ■ i aiming before the collapse in adverti'siii.y ..iifi the “Japanese Incident”. Typesetters ji- i a vailable to set enough type to fill the LMi;]/; pmees if the paper didn’t run the
■'■!Mnd"adB.
ibM i:; la. the accusation might seem CM ij' i'.! ■•'i i ficd when independent organizations ,- 'v;!).-ilit articles which seem to get underplayed - y iiicji they have. There is only one front iiapv ill (he Exponent, and on that page usually pot M' n.-vthan three stories can be given a iCroi li!!-. Cl position. And yet, if one were to sit ncKi 7m the c-ity editor’s desk between the bocr o;' 1 to 8 p, m. some day, he would hear I- . H,- half a dozen or more individuals JV';<iu..:-jny. fiiosc top positions for their parlieu ;M-tMi;v. it’s something of a physical im-
iKVM-ibiiby'.
b. i (i M k| For every justified accusa-li-Vi'];; ' ib: Exponent favors the organized Cm- ,-!> ; -M V.'; is proof that it does not. If the
.bi'--' fire of dissention is being kept ic.'r .solely because of the belief that favor.s the organized student, ..hc'uld have long ago been put out.
: IM';
DIM ■flic
UiP.
SsMujl SihipsA. Wi-liis D, Seeley .M'lio attended the University, has received his : u'iii!.;,-- I'roiR the-Navy and is now ranked as an Ensign, •}{.• I now stationed tit the Naval Air Station at Miami, Fla.
By DREW REARSeN Milo Perkins, Jesse Jones Wage Feud In Washington Over Purchasing Power WASHINGTON—This is the story of two boys from Houston, Texas, who came to Washington to occupy two vital positions in the Gov'ernmenj. It is: also the story of a David and Goliath feud feet'ween them vihich has influenced armies and the question of whether 130,000,000 Americans walk or ride. “Goliath” Jesse Jones—banker, newspaper publisher—came to Washington, eventually to lend more money to more companies than any other man in the history of the world. “David” Milo Perkins, d ydtirig bag salestnan^catne to Washington, eventually to challenge the flending authority of Jesse. The battle between them came to a head last Week when Secretary of Commerce Jories testified secretly luTore the Senate Banking and Currency Committee asking for a Senate ameitdmCnt wKiCh would override a SVhite House order giving his rival from Houston final power to buy rubber, quiiiirte, tin, and other .strategic'war materials. Eight months earlier, the President had arbitrated the fi'i-st battle between David and Goiiath and ruled in favor of David’s Board of Economic Warfare. So now Jesse is trying to get Congress, particularly Senate Republican’s, to g'o over the President’s head, • jesSe Woos Milo Actually'the two boys from Houston don’t dislike each other. And when Milo Perkins heard that Jesse had testified before a secret session of the Senate Committee, he telephoned Jesse and asked for a copy of his testimony. “What!” said ‘he Secretary of Commerce, “Are you going Up there to testify with all that enthusiasm of yours?” ’‘Of course,” said the executive of the Board of Economic Warfare,“atid you can’t tell what I might have to say When I get up there.”. Whereupon Jesse invited Milo to lunch and proceeded to turn bn the charm. Jesse Jones can be extremely charming, and he wooed Milo as a second lieutenant woos a debutante, to get back his old power to buy rubber, tin, quinine and other war materials, which the President last April gave to his rival from Houston. e DeSays.'On. kubber Actually, a much more important pz'inciplc is at stake in this argument than the personal prestige of two gentlemen from Texas, It is vitally important to every member of the armed forces, and every civilian left behind them. It dates back to last winter, when on April 13, four months after Pearl Harbor, Jesse Jones, : entrusted with buying rubber from the Amazon, had only about six men in all South America. During this period between Dec. 7 and April 13, Vice President Wallace— Perkins' boss—made perhaps 40 trips to the White Ilouse urging the purchase of Brazilian rubber and other strategic raw materials. Chailk up a notable news beat for the WASHINGTON MERRY-GO-ROUND on Roosevelt’s latest manpower move. On Nov. 3 Drew Pearson reported: “Inside word is that the President soon will make two far-reaching moves in the War Manpower field. First, he will place the Selective Service System Under Paul McNutt’s Manpower Commission. Second, the President will issue an executive order banning further enlistments in the Army.” This was exactly what the President did on Dec. 5. There were perhaps 17 different meetings on quinine which the army wanted so badly from the Dutch East Indies. Jones called meeting after meeting. Some of this vital medicine was purchased, but the big order to buy was cabled just one day before the fall of Java’s capital, Batavia. The BEW also proposed to buy chrome from the Philippines when it was still possible. But Jesse haggled over whether he should pay the freight between San Francisco and the Atlantic Coast. During this delay the Japs got the chrome. The correspondence bn these things is terrific. It shows that Mr. Jones, good, honest, conservative banker, just didn’t have a mind geared for war. He was thinking about freight rates and safe investments, and there just isn’t anything safe about war. So’ finally, Roosevelt issued his order of April 13, requiring Jones’ Reconstruction Finance Corporation to lend the money for South American rubber, and making it mandatory on Jesse to negotiate the loan on the order of Wallace’s and Perkins’ BEW • Jesse Gets Sarcastic After that order was signed, Jesse invited his friend fi’om Houston to lunch and turned on the old .Texas charm. “Look hei'e,” he said, “we. both come from the same town. I’m sure we can understand each other. I’ve been getting an awful ribbing from the newspaper columnists.” Milo. Perkins softened, but when Jes.se countered with the .suggestion that Perkins would want to continue letting the RFC purchase imbber, tin, etc., without too much BEW supervision, the fight .started. Je.sse cajoled, argued, stormed. Perkims’ opinion of him went up. Je.s.se was certainly a man who knew what lie wanted and went after it. But Perkins would not budge/from the powers given him by Roosevelt. Finally, Jesse resorted to sarcasm. “On what kind of food do you feed,” he asked, “that you’re so much more important than Donald Nelson . He doesn’t demand the right to inspect everything we’re doing.” “The situation - is entirely different,” replied Per kins. “I’m charged with getting 40 to 50 basic mate rials without which thi.s war can’t be run and I’h going to get ’em.” “All right,” countered Je.sse, “you come over here at I p. m. and sit in on these meetings and you’ll b. here till midnight. You can’t afford to spend all tlm' time.” “No,” replied Perkins, “but what do you thini 1 hire experts for.” “Well, I sit in on these conferences,” said Jesse. “I’m not as good as you,” countered Perkins. don’t pretend to know the details regarding chrome o nickel or tungsten. Tbat’.s why I hire experts to handle them. We’d neyei' get anywhere if I tried to han die them my.self.” (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Incr)
‘What in the world do you do all day?—How c'ome you aren’t doing some u.sef III war work like other w^omen?”
University Calendar Thursday^ December 10
3:00 P.M. Screen Review ... 7:30 P.M. Basketball •—• Wabash 7:30 P.M. Poultry Club Meeting7:30 P.M. Thomas Say Ent. Spciet5'. 7:30 P.M. Playshop Pi-oduction 8:00 P.M. ind. Soc. of Prof. Engineers 8:00 P.M. . English. Club
...'...Hall of Music Fieldhouse Room 212, Union ......Room 108, Ag Hall ......Eliza Fowler Hall Room 263, Union ...... W. Faculty Lge., Union
c=£:ooLln^ ..^^pound By Jack Abbett and Jiift Richardson
About 60,00Q confiscated enemy patents soon-will be made available to American industry. Some of those patefits, of course,, probably will be valueless in connection with our war O'ffort but many tmdO'Ubtedly will help trernen'dously inf the production lines. Whatever we may say abOiit our enemies, particularly the Germans, it must be noted that they have many formulas which our industry — ; —:—;— — could use to an advantage. Ger- LMsaY GetfExpett man research has patented / ' ^
many dyestuffs, plastics, pharmaceuticals and electric -goods which we would be foolish not to use since both the Germans and the Japanese seem to have used few scruples in regard to using our
ideas.
Speaking of patents, many socalled idealists have already started the ball rolling in high places with the thought that ideas and processes which are far-reaching- in their social influence and are more or less necessary for maintenance of a high standard of living- should belong to the nation or, for that matter, to 'the world. Perhaps after this war, vital monopolies held by one government or by corporations which are largely due to patents or closely kept secrets will be destroyed and u.sed for thc welfare of the group as a, whole. Needless lo say, there are many per.sons vrho hope the plan is iiot too ideali.stic to be practical when the
time arrives for its test. .
TKoTferman ariny on the Eastern pcopk ^u-e of the opinion we should front still .seems to bo facing-one-of 'kvelop our cai-rier .strength and its most serious problems of. last as.few battlpliips as possible
winter that evidentally was not
D. B. Lindsay received the Expert award in the military department pistolry coiupetitioh. Sharp.shooter mcdals were'given M. E. Biihker, J. E. Grinev, S. Gullicksen, A. R. Marshal, j. M. Pearson, R. T. Singer, C. H, Smale. Those receiving Marksman a-vvafds were D. Bodkin, W. T. Bushman, b. C. Carter, M. R. Chapin, AW L. Davis, R. K. Deger, R. Jv Eastman, D. B. Ervin, R. G. Fox, P. J. Hanhum, B. G. Harnion, C. ilershey, E. J. Isbell, E. N. Jacobs, AV. J. Lig-e, L. J. McCabe, L.-D.'Mc-Creary, R, R. Moore, J. S. Moore, R. F. Plank, R. 'Rawlings, H. E. . Skeliey, J. II. Sutherlin, and C. L. AVeir. Students awarded pistol qualification medals used .22 . calibre
g-uns.
is the wisest policy to continue biiilding- ships , of such magnitude after the .showing they made during the battles in the far Pacific. Many
Today's Screen Review
News—-9 min. .-i Aqua Antica—^^10 min. Rhumba and Conga Hits—10 min. Glen Gray and Band-—10 min : At the County Fair-—10 min Personality Plus—-10 min. Vendette—10 min. Sleep Walker—10 min.....
3:38—4:55 3:49—5:04 3:57— ...4:07—5:14 ..3:00—4:17—5:24 ...3:10—4:27—5:34 ......320—4:37—5:44 ....3:30—4:47—5:54
Out—6:02
Daily Health Service Report
Student Health Service reports the following- students have been admitted to St. Elizabeth’s Hospital for medical treatment: R. S. Macy, sophomore, ME; R, K. Cast, senior ME; and D. C. Hyde, junior Chem. R. J. Becker, junior ME, was admitted to St. Elizabeth’s Hospital for surgical treatment. A. A. Magister, freshman Eng, entered with contagious disease. The following have been admitted to the Home Hospital: G. P. Matthews, sophomore ME, for medical treatment, and L. 0. Bolinger, freshman Eng, for surgical treatment. Those discharged from St. Elizabeth’s Hospital were: H. B. Addison, freshman Eng; H. F. Bramley, senior ME; F. L. Haebei-le, freshman Eng;,and L. V. AA-'atkins, junior ME.
Kappa Delta Pi ^ ... national .education honorary, announces that -the officers elected for the, next two semesters are: Dana Mae. Johnso.n, president; Fred Ponder, vice-president; Jane Packard, secretary; Dona Marie Irion , trea.surol', and Sally Beall, historianreporter'. New and old officers will meet ia.the Svv'eclish loung-e Tuesday to discu.ss plans for the coming- semester.
solved during this summer. Adequate winter equipment such .as clothing- seems to be sadly lackingeven with all the propaganda that has been released about the wellfed, warm soldiers who were to annihilate the Ru-ssians around Stalingra’d. Reports have it that niany Nazi soldiers are still wearing women’s jumpers, while a few have short sheepskin jackets in addition to the regular sumnier raiment. The German Emstern Army is rapidly finding- out again the bitter and exceedingly cold results of a war planned by Herr Sehicklegrubrf-’s intuition. The Navy,..in a|:mouneing that it has launched the new super-dread-naut, New Jersey, puffed out its chest and acclaimed the new battle Avagon to be the Inrgest in -the world, ■'vith an overall weight of 45,000 tons. The question is whether it
The most sensible point of view seems to lie Avith the navy men who admit that they Avere not far sighted enough in the development of the carrier, but who believe that the battleship should not slip into complete
obscurity.
UOME-OF
SPOfiTSHfEAl!
HENRY ROSENTHAL GO.
322 Main Sh
< I
kn
' I
A ^y' »> 1 i-
Xbt^ts^ay, Deicember IQ^ 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Page^^i
Riveter Netters Battle Little Giants Here Tonigkt
Unit 4 Mermen Green Cage Teem To Meet
Wabash Five At 7:30 P. M.
loilermaker Varsity lurns Back Frosfi Team 43 To 29 In Annual Court Classic
Bj Dave Shiyei
Riveter basketball fans got then hi st vicv of Coach Lam bert’s 1942-43 net i^quad, when the vaioity defeated Dutch Rehrmg’s freshman team by a scoie of 43-29 Only a handful of studehts turned out to see the tilt which was spomoied by^
the Reamer Club
Though the game was a much closoi contest than the fouiteen point maigin would indicate, neithei team exhibited the gloss and polish to which Boil6rmaker haidwood partisans ketb Ivtn Andeison iitbhman ccn are accustomed The evening, tei scoied on i tip m f od e hit i ' however, was not devoid of col- ^ vai bity took time
or, for the freshmen, though erratic, displayed a few flashes of the finest fust ye u talent that has been biought foith in this in
nual tilt foi some time
The openin^ minute b of the gime were scoieless until Moodc frfeshman foiwaid hit fiom buk ot the circle After Mw'"n \ndeison s free throw m rde the count 2 1 Ilow ard Hoffman hit thice buceessive buckets and Rudy Lav son followed Haag’s field go rl with mother tv/o pointer to put the score it 9 4 in Ja
vor of the varsity Varsity Piratic
For the remaindci of the half the teams pla\cd on tanly even terms with Menke counting once riid Eh lers twice for the vaisity while Lodge sparked the Rhinies with
thiee field go ils Bkttner hit r nice Bige 1 one hander tor the liosh ind the S\v rnt/
halt ended with the viisity lerdine 15 8 Ihe vusitj appciied to be having a gie it de il ot difficulty eon trolling the ball in then own court during the first h ilf of the game while the tiosh ste idled nftei being over anxious m the opening min
rites
Stuteville opened the second hiK With a bucket for the Rhinies but Kei cheval followed w ith aiiothci for the leaders Kennedy hit iiid tol lowed up with mother on i pass from Ehleis ifiei the litter h-’d stolen the ball Andei&on hit rn other on a slecpci m il in^ the scoi c 23 14 Prosh Get Hot With then stilling lineup b ck in the game the Rhinies staged a comeback if ter Vrugnin hid 1 ept them in the iunnin>’ with two las
Somethirsg To Live Up To
At this point the vaisilv found the range and built up i lead which 1 cpt them out ot danger toi the re maindci of the tilt Stigiim i coi iiif' lanipr^e which netted |hcin eight field go rib ind four free thiows to the Rhinies six points the I •’mb tmen displ lyed more ol Jcrisc thin then opponents could
bittlc
Ihe Box Seine \ u it (43)
M Ancioison II oft mm f Ml like (( ) c
L iwson g Phlers g
Keicliev il t
MeVov I
KennedV 1
Biowei f
Pi lend Moi 1 IS
PG I T PP 1P 2 2 0 ()
0 8
2 2
1
0 2 0 1 0 0
19 PG
0
1
1 1
1 1
0
]
0 0 0 1 1
PI PI 0 0
4
TP
0
Toelry anotlici ports eolumii mrl cs its initiil riipcirancem Lhi Pxpo neiit With this fiist wiitini we get 1 mil ol m empty feeling in':iek since now wi sudcki ly lealmc tli it u is o a d itj md pi vile^c to eiiiy on he woil so ably done in the pi thy rich me i i loc Dolan Phil Johnson led Cl irl 11 d Bob II rdlcy \\ e smeeri Iv hope th it the guff whith is de tiiicil to appo 11 in this colum i v 11 m the eyes rf the Boile ni il ei spoi us fins mcasrue up to the woil done ly tlm e gentlemen ^ We'18 Try Ous Darndesf In the d iil d ys to come collegi ite ithleties m ly be cut down eoi siel Cl ably and possibly bo iboliShed ilLo^elhei Ilowevei is lone i-, pos sible (this lime next ycai we hope) wc will try our dundc'-i to live those Riyctci lootci who m i / lollow tl is cok mn aieadible mdpeihips an Intel esting iccount ol the \ iiioris bpoits heie it Pin due as we see them Thcic will be no definite policies set up by this column Sug,_,cstio rs of any 1 i id whethei they be constiuctne or slmderous will be inoic than welcomed In tact it will piobibly do this wiitei a lot of good to catch i little hell now md then ^ junior Staff Makes Job Easier The lob ahead rs f ii a'' sports eovciage la concei ned should be mule considerably easier with the help ot the line bunch oi lunioi associ to edito s elected list wcel This competent stall composed of Clint Sow aids Dive Shiyer Jim Aclcimm md Ray Smitli is well eciuipped o give the leadeis both the human and the news side of the Rivctei spoiling ictivilics Sow ids IS 1 likeable 1 iid yyoil ing fellow yvho ave up a re il time as i Joie<=tci in the nor them woods ol 'VImiie otr to come back to the Uni vei'-iU this Jail Clints pie isant lum foiceful m ii nci coupled with his lon^ winded yviitiii m ide him i v ilri ible isset to the Exponent ^ PossibBy The Best Staff Sn Yeats Shiyei IS the athlete ol the bunch hiving peiiormod as a member of Did Pipengiith s swimming team m idd tion to being pledged to Dol phin Club Diyc is the 1 ind ol fellow v ho can tell you without batung m eye who was nimed right gu ud on 'Walrer Camp a All Amciican ceam 11 1927 or what Riyetci bisl etball plavci scored the most points on the c 1 rmpion'^hip te im of 17 u8 Jiel Acl cimm chc pride ol Caiy H ill cm write more about nothing than aiiyoiie else on the t ft 1 oi some reason or other the Halls have received moic pubhcitj th m evci belo c since Jim stalled woil mg on he pipii Seriously though Jim is a capable dependable fclloyv who doca his best on every job r signed to nim icgaidless of si/e ^ Last- Out- Nof- LeastP ly Smith is one oi those qr ic e isy om^ uy who yvill needlessly put himseli oil in oichi to tal e the load oft oi someone else s shouldeis Rl vv i spoils editor ol the TncleiHiiiknl until its i ler ei with the r>ponent this summei so theie is 1 1 le question about his qriahhcations 1 11 the job Th i s tl c "-tafl
Victors; Take Sports Trophy 1 il 11„ fii t hvc place in seven cvcit Unit 1 ciituied the ''nnuil C ai / 11''!! \ 11111 in tit'c vc Ici lay alteii ooii Ihe v n n n il tin title ,,iyes Una 1 the jios es=ion it the ( 11 y II ill Sjioils f ojiliv i ill poi Ls with the exec pli i r ol pii pen hrve Iiecn eon plctod md IT iit 1 holds 111 eq ht jiomt 1 d ovei its neaicst opponent Unit 2 Unit t;^ iilod the vvinnei s 1 y I il mg one lust jilaee that 1 ein ii the 50 y ud fiee styli event 1 nit 5 took tl e only othei fust pi i e b/ V nil II g the aO y ud bieist t o! e raci Ihe finil tallyiiu of points shois the lollowm^ ordci ot jdac m m the m^et Unit 4 fust Unit second Unit 2 thud Unit 5 If luth Unit G tilth md Unit 7 in 11st place Cluk w is one ol the Iculin^ scoreis ol the meet h iviiv I il eii fii su m the 50 y ii d h rck sti ol e ai 1 1 hist while swimmlim rs a member ol the Unit 4 medley Le im tills time toi the 50 yard brcl sti ol c was 0 j8 6 and the Unit 1 ee uii cov eied the medley ehbtance in 1 11 0 qlaik L ityl e an 1 iNielseii swan on the winniim term G 1)1 hr an It ins Iwice Gohlmrn ilso vv is iiatiumontal m eainoiiii„ v iluil Ic point tor the Unit 1 te im He tool tio firsts in indiyiduil events the 100 v ai d md the 220 V rid fiee style races Bim^s ol Unit o biokc the atiin oi Ur it I vv 11 s vvlicn he tool fi st jilacc in the oO yaid bieist "-tiol e with the time of 0 il 0 The only other compelitoi out ido ot Unit 1 that w rs ib c to win m event wa Pisk or Unit j Fc swam the 50 yaiel fiee style m 27 2 seconds Only thiee entiants weie leceivcd toi the fancy diviim event It was m this event that Unit 1 captured its hurl first pliee is Rasmussen outcla'- eel tic other divers and took lust pi rce Ihe annurl event vvrs held under the dncci on oi Did Paptn nth who ervud ao jniFc loi the meet Wiesilifig Capiam Leaves Michigan M chi m s 1 opes toi a possible Li^ 1 iwicaelm t lie li ive t il en i uddeii nd e cm chop with the ini ounce iient lieu C ipl B 11 I )i 11 I 11 on oJ the tc mi s ict II g CO ih till Ire IS loiviii,^ se locl to enli i 1 1 the Aimy Coiit 1 ht iitonil iLiuioi VAU ehrmpioi it 115 pounds is vt Ih din iim am tie Uni cisity. be e u c tv 01 else is ri i it r th Cl vice ml 1 don t see vihy I iioukl be n exci ))l on Iasi yen he vv rs thn 1 in tl 1( r pound i i VI mill he 1 t in il 1 lie 1 c ■) k i ile
lllecl
Ills w a ill IV il lints M mle\ lohns 1 1 1 icn chinpi n 111 pound IS the 'Ho 1 indivi lull pel leimci c Lhc Wolve ne jua 1 Coieh T n C ruilri ht wl i idled the i e tlmg )ob to his duties when C oat 1 C lili Keen i nit i e I 11 e \a\ v lit 1111 has lie vet ii umeed 1 1 1 11 sthcdule bu siv Ol seven ( u il meets ue expecte I to 1 e u 1 n i- 1 11 lit n to 11 0 C 1C cnee ii 1 nilioi il el li ethci The I rsletbill imes it Vnir Aiboi Suuidiy i htlitvee 'll i oLiet e m 1 M ch in v\ 11 be the ste ond tic pined let \ ten tie tv o sehccls Ihe teims net list vea n M Iv lul ee toi 11 e f t i the Ildlta ipt.1 V 1 nn IF Fe the A\olveimes h id le 1 it I It li le It vv '1 t e tie sec ri 1 ol i me i g mios on Mie(ii ii s 1 me i c fathodul
Probable Lineuos
PURDUr Anderson IIofFman Menke (C)
IT hlers Lawson
Orp 1C lALS-
WABASH
Greve Blum
Kelley
Montgomerj
Gage
Riveter Fencers Drop
Position b r
(
(t G
-Releiee, Nick Reams, DePaul, umpire, T R
Smith We‘LLafa>eUe
BROADCAST—WBAA, Piudue
Tonight a piacticallv new Rivetei basketball combination, w lib Captain AI Menke at center as the lone holdover from last season will make it collegiate debut heie against the Little Giants tiorn Wabash at 7 30 m the Fieldhouse Coaeh Waid Lambeit who has ploduced 11 title oi co-title learns in the past 21 :)eais, staits his second quarter-century as Boilermakei mentor writh a
langy, but gieen, group that ha« yet to piove itself in competition So fai the onlj- action befOl e a cr ow d that the \ arsity has seen, w as the varsit>-frosh inic of Triesd ly night rn which the older tea ir erme oiu on top by a
li to 29 margin
W in One Lose One The Little Giant® will travel to the Riveter domain witn two games iheady undei their belts one being vv uh tne Hoosieis fiom Bloomington rnd the othei with Central Normal Il thou first game this year which was with Central they were vre toiious but against Indiana last Tuesdiv night they were defeated
58 to 40
Quite r battle ensued while the W ab ish term went down to defeat a t vme they rallied and came near to passing the Hoosiei lead and de
Dame; Kaufman Stars Although they r illied in he fin il bouts ot the evei ing the Boiler maker fenein., teim fell short of thou objective and dioppetl a 19 8 deci ion to the Notio Dai re duelers in the 1 loldl ouse list Tuesdav
Kaufman Stais
Led bv A lion Raiitman capt in of the Rivetei sq lad the Boilei nmleio vvor the epee matenes 5 4 Kiufman vvon ill rhice of his borhs while El 1C Sfhv enkei a newcomer w rs vvinnm^ two oi his thiec fights Othei nev comeis to scoie lor the Ri/elei term vve e Bob Biyant and lorn Till le 'Ihielo won in the saber
event while Biy^nt vv®s victorious -ferting then Big Ten opposition in one ot his toil matches Greve who last year was the Ihe 111rtch with Notre Drmc was tboin in the side of the Riveters the only one scheduled tor this ''''ben he scored eighteen points as
his team lost 41 to 29 is again the mam thieat of the Little Giants Again t Indiana Greve tossed in seven held goals and eight free th ows to be high point man with
22 eounteis
Grev e Is Stai Teaming v ith Greve at the other foiwaid IS Blum who thus far this s" ison his not been able to connect At giiaid nowevci it is a different ®to y as Montgomery has been one of the high coieis in each of the two t, lilies In the IntUana game he w as able to m rke four held goals nd t VO ,,1 rtis shots for r total of
fen points
How 11 I Hoffmrn lone senior on tne Boileimikei squad rs expected to te im It loiw nd with Myrvviii Videisoii slight junioi who has been lecalled to vnsity iction this i ill ilthorigh J ick Kennedy hardiivma sophomoie is a possibility loi OI t of the beiths Ehlers and I aw son at Guaids The ^ui d spots are expected to be tilen ovci by Ed Ehleis prom isiiig sophoiioie from South Bend who pined under Johnny Wootlen, loimei Rivetei All '^meiican and rioyd Bunv Lrwson mrioi letter m n who h s b tn converted from li t yell s reserve loiwnd assign
mti t
rollovvmg the opener leie to 1 igh the Bellelli rkeis will face i he i y IS i^nmcnt ovei the week end meeting DePaul at the Chicago Strdium on Sxtmdrv md Butler here next Monday Alpha Tau Omega sociil fraternity announces the iiiitiition ot Hniy Beach M heaton 111 Cliience Clutter L in V lie Edw i ' Couch Cincin iiti Ol u) DividCnetn Mt Stei liii-, Kv Rii stll Lipes Indian jpo IS Ei ink Oneo East Chitigo J mes Rector Pittsburgh Pa and Rit9 lu! laiinehill Gary Officers elected lor the foithcora111-, e nestei ne Robeit Living house pie'-iikiit Jeiome Melague el rpliry, Ro,,tr Krnbill house maiiigie Robe t Hemminj,sen his toiiri Hilly Beich stiibe Clinks Gi lit *,entinel and Rieh nd Butch usher
semcstoi Howovei i letrun match IS scheduled with Notie Dame on Icbruuy 2/ Bi-, fen matches are schocluied to be-,in sometime aiound
the middle ot Janunv
Eoui Notre Dame tenceis name Iv Madigpir A Gon/ale/ Pepildo i d IMello 1 contiibuted immensely to then ca iso by ereh vvinnin-, thiec
m itches
results ol luGsdiv s m itches ne as lollows Toil Mrdman (ND) 5 Mood (P) A CTon7ak (ND) 5 Biyant (P) Rcpildo (ND) 5 Rosea (P) 2 Mnli-,rn my ant'’ V Gon/ale/ ) Resell 0 Rej io 5 M oo 1 2 Midi g 111 5 Rosen 1 A. Gon/ile/ 5 M ood 1 V Con/lie/ (ND) o Biv nit I V| e V Ite (ND) 2 Schv tnl e (P ) Mull-, 11 (ND) 3 Kociiier (I J 0 Repildo (ND) 1 Kiulmnr (P) M lUois Kooiiiei 2 M ul 111 2 K i fill Ul o Repildo 8 liw t 111 Cl I) M a Ki 3 Koei ci 2 lei 1 0 Iv itmii \ GonzrUz - Sciwenl 1 J s i! Cl Melton (ND) 5 Ihie e (P) 1 e tv (ND) i F illbilheh (P) 0 0 te/ ( -ID) 5 Tuel ei (P) 2 ilel 1 n M d 1 d leh 1 Poiiev 1 luclci 5 0 te,, 1 hcilc ) ARlLon r I lel c Ron y ) J he e 0 e J \\ il b il eh Sports Shorts 3 hen AI hi ms loo I 11 s ul II n 1 P LI A 1 I hull rcl oi i Pivt 1 111 t is e ipt nn ol the 1 9 1J tkven it V i tic loi th \e i i i w 1 icl lie’ I 111 1 11 11 ecu me I to ki he Mike i t Qii i tei 0 C L il Uilll lel Bob e 1 11 n 1 ]u 11 1 e! Eo e u i_ h V ] 1 h pie c( c 1 Av tii e 11 line 1 n o c c i i tiiiv el 1 loi i)) A' t 1 sin lootl 11 e c e ii i D t- Se 1 iii'i V ) s bee i 1 L ' IS e I o 1 pi 1C It illv tvoi,, ' 1 Amen 11 term i mt 1 this in 1 V s it VI itci tdi Ol in 1 eorchos thioi -,hout the eountiv h is il o m 1 le the vl V ii i it i All Se ( c\ 11 oi 19 !'’ t w is lo r ne 1 net nth (1 ’v 're who tie Rev X(,cu (.11 th enly voi h eel 1 t loi i he 1 n 1 1 ^ Dive \ IS i ntilei e^t tie scout tl 111 ' is 1 el till 1 n e Istel
Ai
I lALLMARK
Hit l\r III Coo / / Ml
^ 7
Order Crested Jewelry TODAY For Xmas Delivery BUIIR^ FATTURSON & AULB €0.
I'OTFR-- (, nA PI
Ofiie dl Jcntltti,
IN THE VILLAC.L
PHONE 2523
1 fr'j’O'f
( 1 ffr„
Page 4
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, December 10, 194^
Agricultural Chem Grows In Importance
Only 5 Graduate Courses Offered
In Large Structure On Ag Campus
Mai ion Smith
On the Ag campus, behind the Umveisity Cieamery and across from Daddy Aitkenhead’s Castle, facing south, is a building which bears the inscription “Agiicultuial ChPmistry”.
Even among the students who know wheie this building is. Sign m Peisonnei Office
Personnel Notes Carol LeafSefs Wifi
Distributed Free
Companies to visit campus: AIIis Chalmers Mfg Co , Milwau
kct, Wis—Decembti 10 Intelestecl in cngineeis and \v6men majoiing
in chemistiv, math , physics Radiation Laboratoi y, M I T, Cambiidge, Mass —Dtcembei 18 Intelested in Physicists and EE
Punted leatlets containini> woids
Navy News Donald W Halt, Y3c That the Ameiican Navy is exacting at least a 2 to 1 toll fiom the enemy in the Pacific is the opinion of William H Ingle, Electiician’s
A. P. Difchman Speaks
At AIEE Meeting
An open meeting of the Ameiican Institute of Electiical Engineers was held last night with about 80 in at1;endance A P Ditchman of the General Electiic Lighting Re-
of the moic populai Chii&tmas Mate, thiid class, USN, a giaduate speakei He spoke on in-
there are few who know exactly what goes on within—probably because there are only five couises taught here and these are highly technical and for giaduate students alone. Incidentally, though, these five
Dodge-Chicago Dnision (Chrjslei Coi poiation), Chicago, 111—De cembei 11 Intel ested in Decembei
and Apiil engineeis
caiols will be distiibuted fiom A1 Stevait’s office thiough the com tesv of the Convocation foi Woiship Committee and will he available -without chaige to an-yone who
■w ishes to call foi them
Copies will also be distiibuted to the vaiious fiatcimty houses
Playshop
(Continued fiom page 1)
courses offer enough credit to make one eligible for a doctor’s
degree
Prof D M Doty is now the tion to tilals of the mvadeis’ sol
acting head of the staff of about 35 members This staff
IS entireh sepaiate fiom the gioup confidence and
which teaches the undeigiaduate igjggfuiness
agn icultuial
chemistiv couises in Ag Hall Although the wpik that IS earned on in this depaitment is Vailed in natuie, it is all a pait of the evei-widening field of Agiicnl tural Chemistiy In a lab which cov eis approximately one fouith of the fiist flooi, and in a maze of glass tubes, huge flasks, and bottles which make the student, who is not a chemist, shuddei, leseaich study on diffeient tats and oils is earned on
Oils Deieldped
The chaiactei istics and possible commeicial uses of such oils as come fiom soy beans and mint aie given particular attention foi this type of oil IS used in so main industiial processes at piesent that theie is a geneial shoitage of it thioughout the eountij It was in this same depaitment that the value of lag weed oil was lecently discoveied On the second flooi much of the punty-contiol woik of the state is earned on Repiesentatives fiom this depaitment go out to all paits of the state and gathci up samples of diffeient kinds of seeds, feitih zeis, giains and c\en dog foods These samples aie then tested to deteimine whether the\ contain the ingiedients specified on then labels Even Test Dog Food It IS this woik which piovides the incentive tor the packers who can dog food to keep saw dust and ground-up papei out of -y oui dog’s tavoiite bland of hash Hei e the caiatcnoid, the yellow pigments oi such foods as buttoi and car lots, aie studied by means of the com parative absoipt\on ol light lais It has been learned that these yello-w pigments in diffeient foods aie the direct pioduceis ol vitamin A, the vitamin which impioves the night Sight of tiuck diiveis navigatois and anti aiiciaft gunneis The ai m\ now takes caietu) pains to see tint the soldiers aie piovided with such
foods as caiiots
1,000 Rats
Anothei inteiesting pait of the Ag Chem building is the loom con taming almost 1000 white lats Heie lats live and die toi the good oi humanitv When thej aie thiee weeks old, some of the joung lats aie put into sepaiate cages and kept on diets which make them glow into the most giotesque ot cicatuies, while otheis faie vcij well on then lations and become lathei healthy cieatuies The puipose of all this i‘-, ot couise, to deteimine how the lack
Bausch & Lomb Optical Co, Rochestei, New Yoik—^Interested m Decembei and Apiil ME, chemistiy Ol physicists Sign in Peisonnei Of-
dieiB Geoige Sykes as Colonel fice by Wednesday, December 9 Lansei, the commanding officei, al American Can Co, Maywood. Ill though a tiifle unnatural at fiist, —Intel ested in Chemists, MetE
Sign in Peisonnei Office by Satin-
day Dec 12
Shaiples Chemicals Inc, Wyan dotte, Michigan — Interested in Chemists Sign in Peisonnei Office by Wednesday, Decembei 16 Libhv, McNeill &. Libbj, Chicago, III —Interested in Decembei oi Apiil ME ChE Sign in Peisonnei Office by Wednesday, Decembei 16 Placement Notes For Women Infoimation may be obtained at the Placement Seivice toi Women, phone 2956 Executive Building MiSb Maigaiet Johnson ot the School ot Social V\ oik, Western RC sene Univcisiti Cleveland Ohio, will be on the campus Thuisday, Decembei 10 A.i foiu o clock m the lectuie loom ol Stanley Coultei Hall, she will speak conceining the field ot social sen ice and will pie sent a movie All inteiested stu dents and staff membeis aie in
V ited
ol the Naval Tiainmg School heie, who IS now visiting the school while on leave following action in the Pa
cific theatic of wai
Ingle, whose home is in Los Angeles, Calif, was a membei of the fiist company of petty officeis to he giadiiated by the Naval school and, with seveial of his classmates, was assigned to the seivicc force of the
senioi in Ruial Economics, P^icific fleet upon giaduation
V 1 and V 7 Candidates The following students arc scheduled to meet the Navy Rccruitjnp: Board m the Conferpnee Hoorn of the Executive Biiildlnp: on Friday and Saturday Schedule a period for appointment on schedule hhcet in Personnel Office before noon rhuiaday I RIDAY—Aamont Altgelt, Ooyncis Gaynes S ' T Johnson, Kayaer, Kcltick Knuisc Lomont Mcngher, Metzgel cNttleshcin O Neal Rosenbaum, Sertoli Schulte Shefte Small Sloltenberg, Stevens Timm SATURDAY Ashley D L. Clark Barnes Cooke Faia Funk Hallstoin Hewig Jennings Knapp Latzoko, Lockhart McBee Piper Samulowiyz Sencay Schmidt Simpson* Syoblom, Stall,
seaich Labor atones at Cleveland Jowie Uebcibart Wagner Wahl Weity,
Whitlock Wood The Sunday and Monday Intel view list will be published m the Sunday
dustiial lighting and its effects on Exponent ^ knapp
the war effort and demon&tiated,
wai
to the audience of students facultjr membeis, the effects of diffeient light souices on coloi peicep
tion
C. W. Stall
ASME Election of officers will be held
and Wednesday Dee 16 at 4 p m in room 108,
ME Building -LLOYD Purdue Agriculturist There will be a meeting of the circulation staff at 4 p m. Friday December 11 at the office Everyone be here —WARD Cadet Corps Officers No sabers will be woin at Coips D iv Thinsdav Dec 10
—JACKSON
at a meeting Tuesday elected Model Railroad Club Meeting Saturday fr., Ibo onmino cnlirvnl vpni thp fnl- "“t'1 P ni in sub babcmcnt of the Union. lOl the coming SCIlOOl yeai tne lOl- payable it this time Llection of offi-
POMM
Ihree Junior Officei s
The thiec junioi officeis, played by Art Baiab, Bill Simpson, and John Spalding were veiy well suited b-v then lespective paits The chai actei izations, being Iniee distinc live types of the invading soldici,
were equally well pla\ed
Ilaiold Waiien playing the pait of Geoige Coiiell, was veiy con vincing as a quisling The pait of Alex Moiden a townsman who killed an invading soldiei although
biief was convincing
One jailing note at the opening ot the pla-s was the demeanoi of the general soldieis who lesembled colle-.c boys in a plav too closelv Two moie peitoimances will bo g ven tonight and tomoiiow night at 7 30 and 8 00 lespectiveh They
should he vvoith seeing
Tau Befa Pi To Hold initiation Tonight Tail Bela Pi cngnieeiing non oiaiv vv 11 hold loinial initiation followed b^ an initiation banquet this evening in loom 868 of the Union The foi mal initiation of the pledges loi this seme'-tei will be ^in at 4 30 The hanquee will com mence at 5 80 and will ioatuie Pi of r L Seiviss oi the Chemistiv and Metalliu oical School is the mam speakei The banquet has been clian,,ed Jiom 6 to 5 80 so tint membeis nicittc id the baskcthall
,,ame
Alpha Gamma Rho social fiateinity announces the election ol the lollowing offi ceis foi the coming semestei Pies idenl Geiald Clodleltei Rmh Chaiiman, Russell Haidin, Vice Pi evident, William Davis House Man igei Hobait Jones, Secietaiv, Robeit Hatleiskj, Social Chan man Ted Blank Athletic Chau man Jim Shoemakci, Chaplain, Chailes Dueslei
Ol ov ei abundance of cei tain i oods
vv ill affect glow th
These aic just a lew of the tasks pe’loimcd in this depaitment How tvei, tiom these one can see that this like the othei depaitnients ol the Univei'-itv, is doing its pait to help man in his ceaseless struggle Jo! the contiol o"’" Ins cnviionmenl
letiuned todayiiom Chicago vvheic he has been attending a lour-day livestock maiketmg School Thiily agiicultuial colleges over the na tion were lepiesented at the school which was sponsored by Swift Company Stall won the light to attend the school by winning the Univcisit-v essay contest “Mai kct ing ot Livestock Pioducts”
Bud Darr
The Indiana State Peisonnei Di vision, 141 South Meiidian Stiect, Indianapolis, announces cxamim lions ioi the position ot social vvoik ei at salai\ ol flSO to ^160 a month Applications miiot he on file hv De ccmbei 12 Foi child vvelfaie woikei Salai \ 11120 to 8160 Applications toi this ilso must be on file by Decembei
12
Mottar Board scnioi women’s honoi ai V an nouncos the elcct'on ol the Jollovv iiK otnccis Picsidcnt, Jean Lauei , vice piesicRnl Luej Chaminadc, secictaiv Ginnv Lee MacDonald, tieasiuci Biltv Gla^ , cditoi Sallv Beall and hisloiian, Caiol5n Wood Rat'iou Books It will be nccessarv foi all stu dents who go home toi the C hiist mas vacation to obtain their Wai Ration Book No 1 with stamp mimbeis 10 and 27 lett in the bool m oidei to itceive coOte and sugai while at home I he atten tion ot all house mothers and house managers is called to this I act h' \ D Sulims, administiatoi the books will have to be le collected after the vacation In errot was recorded in Friday’s papei when stamp numbei 9 was put in place ot number 10
ME giaduate of ’12, Ins ic cently been placed in charge ol all welding on the^C N 0 Raili oad He IS also on then new co nmittce to eooidinate all shop piactices Margaret Johnson a icpiescntativc ot Wcstcin Reseive’s school of social woik located in Clevel ind will be on the campus todav 1o give a Icctuie on the field of social woik Miss John son will speak in the lectuie loom oi Stanlev Coultci Hall it 4 o’clock in the atteinoon and will illustiate hei talk with a movie about soci il SCI vice Ml students aic invited Agriculture Seniors will be the guests ot the Indiana 1 aim Biiioiu at a banquet to be held the cvLiiing ot Dec 11 at the Memoiial Union Building Invitations to the eve it <ic ,-,oin lioin the 1 iini Buicau o vaiious membeis ol the laciulty who will also be guests at this event Rochdale, SC^A announces the ckciion ol the lollowing ofiiccis loi no I scincstei Bill Puilcv pu 1 ici c Ivillicc Bowen, vice piisidcnl Bill Dickcy tieasme Monte M\ei cc ctiiv, Mai 1011 Smith ■''ood buvci Clinics Wallis i>;s!stant I ood huvci fohn Wallis w Ol k m ina„ci, Ton P anks, assistant woik mana,^ci Blau Rhodes social chan min. Bill Wu lick educational chaiinaii lack Bye s pill chasing agent Bill Pud c-y John W illis lolin Fiipi M i ion Si 1 th and Donald Siult executive committee
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Since leaving here, Ingle has completed a torn of duty which took him on convoy duty aboaid a heavy ciuisti and while en route he cheated death when his ship was shelled in enemy action “Pvc watched some of the fight11 g,” Ingle said, “and believe me foi oveiy loss suffered by oni Navy you can double the figuie to get a mm imum estimate of enemy losses The enemy pays dearly foi loss of life and mateiial he inflicts upon us ” Spotting enemy craft one morning, Cl niseis and destioyeis in the American convoy chased it down and were engaged in battle dining midday Ingle’s ship, which cannot be named because of military lostiic tion, was stiuck bj' a shell which toie a hole in the ship and tempo 1 a illy thiow steeling appaiatus and gcnoiatois out of commission Ingle w as knocked unconscious foi a time by the violent concussion but lecoveied rapidly and wont about his duties Latei he learned the shell had claimed the lilc oi a pei
sonal fi lend
Betoie leaving foi duty ahoaid the ciuisei, Ingle had the oppoi tumty ot visiting Hickam Piold and othci points in Peail Haiboi vvlioic the laps launched then sneak at tack and found that the vvieckage had been entiiely cleaied up and le pans lade so that “you would never know anything happened theio ” Ingle stated that his tiaimng in the electiical school heic had been 1 ivaluable in the duty a=signtd him “They taught us exactly die kind of stuff vve have to know aboaid ship ” he Slid ‘ Oiu jobs as clcctiicnns n itcs deal with wiling telephone connetcions conduits, genoiatois
and the like ’
lowing officei s Louis S Phillip, captain, Jim Aull, fiist lieutenant, Ralph Chapin, second^ lieutenant, Bill Lestei, fust seigeant, and Piank Baynes, supply sci'goant Sigma Phi Epsilon social fiateinity, announces the initiation of the following men Robe'it Mannfeld, Indianapolis, Everett Kettle, Gaiy, Waltei Wiight, Lafayette, and Rolland Butlei, of
Joliet, 111
Notices
-BASSE
Chemical Enfrineera AIChE businesa mtotniK at 4 p m liiday Dec 11 in room 110 of the Chem and Met Building; Your attendance ib lequested —MERRILL All Students Everyone is welcomed to Dribble Inn at Wedey foundation immediattly after the basketball game tonight. Tint Chile for only 10c will bo the important fc ituie of the evening Come in and talk ibout the game meet your fi lends and enjoy the chill —LUDBERG Pi Tail Sigma Large Pi Thu Sigma 1 laqiKs will be given to actives initiated befoie the sumoi term at the banquet Friday Dec 11 in loom 1(>3 of the Unio^ Lach active must be present to obtain a plaque. —KOERNER T^nion Keys Will the following please obtain thin Union Keys Monday Dec 14, at 1 p m m Union ollicc CUurwater Pierce, Mathis Minkel Stnaur formica May, I ink r lanag in - KATTEUJOHN Poullry Club Mtcting at the Poultry Hus1) in<!iy Huilding Ihuisduy Die 10 Olficera for the coming yen will he elected and all ULmbtis lie uiged to attend —BOOKLR
Diliris Tnt i\ tw will I d ly Ih isdiy and Inlay 1 I d 11 1 titii ns wrl! b i tlu w 1
htid W drus tcember 0 10 ltd tally in BAl L
Purdue Players d ij l)(t I*) it 1 will b tUcli n <) iw uds
Impoitant meeting Tues11 in I uwler Hall there oifietis and election of —DUKE
Pan Hell
D t 11 1 t<j 11} ] re! IS m I : 11 1 n i n V t te ire uncert
Pr
nd
I ish 1 cgistr iLit n I n 1 ly m f( r ill jjtshmnn
in^, thi u{-.h I u uaiy j ush u sif,n u} veil I ei uhs
1 FRIER
All PCI
Students Stn
G t t
r i uk I lel u I ( ott/
i b inqiiet D(c (ts fiom N ish
il id Ol eill ‘^iJO
III RD
Ceres Meeting formtrly scheduled for 1 hiirsd ly tvt.nin{. Die 10 is postponed until li (I IV Die 15 it < -10 p m in room 105 ( f the Union LE MASTER Newman Club Ihiie will be i Christmas I atj ind (1 incing Doc 12 it 8 10 m the Union Admi sion will he a ten cent gilt —BROWNE
Importai t 10 1 -r 11
necting Ihursdiy Dec 1 m iO ol th Uni n All m \\ mil) iti (I mini LI MASTER
Tail Beta Pi F n qiiet tod i> Dee 10 1 m in h ill ( utsuli
1 il init ition mil 1 in Pltdgis meet it 1 iO We t r ieult\ I oungi s ind liledges will be it
m i( ]
YOUNC BI OOD
I leshmin I ngiiuers Sic nd semcstii fushmin ingimii will meet m th Si hool r Cimieuhm il th ii ehoie on Satiidiy Del i 8 mil iloMs Chim ind M ( 1 ngine r loom 110 ChE Building Cnil J ngn ii i in 00 Civil ] mine i ing lliul^ng LietMia! fngimiis loom .111 ^uild I } M (hainc il 1 ngini i i om 108 MI Bui) ling 1 uhlic S ivice In j u et r in 1 I ngii i 1114 I iw OfT c 11 Dt in I Lng ne ng KNAPP Exponent Ke\s MI ilo wlo h ivt been on the Exponent st ilV for the p 1st two terms n I u ( nlitli I 1 i ii V m j t thi rn tiom T tnc Klim in the i II ee KLOUMAN
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds watches, guns, luggage typewriters Albert's Loan Office* 407 Columbia Typewriters—Adding jviacnines, all makes sold lented repaired and purchased Mimejgraph work done C J Ebershoff 606 Main, Lafayette Phone 2779 I or Rent—Di ible room $7 50 each 402 Noi tln\cstei h Ave Phone 31751 \\ nted—Bov to file f irn ice for room 403 Northwistern \ve Phone 31754 W inted—StuiUnl du\ei able to lift Desir ibli rrom n ar lampus part compensation. ilJ Vino St I hone 533J
HITS THE MARK FOR 211MILIIOK READERS
Send him LETTERS HE CAN READ! IVIAKE SURE WITH SHEAFFER3 V-BLACKJX:t49
WE HAVE ST!
If your lad is in the V***- Mail areas, your letters will first be photographed on 16-mm film and then be reproduced one-fourth size again before he gets it. Therefore-write U S Service letters with V-BLACK Skrip! It’s PERMANENT! It^defies^dampness. Black photographs best on U. S. Service film! Use It for Christmas mail.^WE HAVE IT!
ACM
PHOTOGRAPHS BEST!
When garments begin to show soil or the crushed look of too many wearings, our Sanitone Service will bring back their fresh beauty^and smart style lines. Use it regular!)!, and be sure your sSothes speak well of you!
TODIEBCOK&SIJPHYHCRE
308-10 iTATE URCtI W£5T LAFAYtTTE IND
VftSHIWIDH Drew Pearson Merry-go-round
Twenty million people read what Drew Pearson reveals in his column of special report, interpretation and comment upon national and international affairs and the men who mold them. i Because those twenty million find in the column alert, exclusive news-getting, crisp and to-the-point news-writing, disclosures of beneath-the-surtace motives and movements—able and unswayed thinking. You'll find The 'Washington Merry-Go-Round THE PURDUE EXPOIVEIVT
\