|g|«Bgra A
41)
W
¥/>
tmEk TO EDITOR ] i^. ^ ; Calves Student's Opinion,
arding Convo Selection
Established 1889
xftMue^ w Boch’s Rack
.r. , /'> TRANSMISSIOH Of Germs From Oscu(afrfi#» Dangerous, It Is Revealed
bluine 55, No. 106
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, March 18, 1943
yoting For Queen §egins Next Week; t2 Coeds Compete Coeds Receiving Four Highest Returns In Ballots To Reign As Queen, Attendants At Relays t Tickets for the Purdue Relays are now on sale for the price of 50 cents. Each ticket carries with it a ballot on which may bfe registered a vote for the Relays Queen to be selected from
the twelve nominees.
Tickets ihay be obtained from the ticket office in the Fieldhouse, any Gimlet, Reamer, Gold Pepper, or member of the Spiked Shoe Club.
Navy To Interview, Test 17-Year-Olds
On March 25,26
First ROTCs Leave
c o *
Cadets Will Meet In North End Services
Of Armory At JO A. M. To Go To Indianapolis For Induction
In Union Basement
Local 'Angels Of Mercy' Knit Garments, Sew Bandages For Allied Arm^And Navy
, ■ Balloting will take place in the Union Monday and Tuesday between 4 and 5:30 p. m. and on Wednesday between 4 ahd 5. Votes will then be Counted and the winner announced
Thlirsday morning.
^he coeds receiving the four highest returns will be named ciheen of the relays and attendants, hfominations from the various
On March 25 and 26, there will be a special Naval Aviation board at the U. S. Navy Recruiting Sta-
, V . . tion in the Post Office Building in
Lafayette to interview and give
Approximately half of the advanced ROTC students who are in the Enlisted Reserves Long after the termination of the Red Cross drive for funds will leave today for Indianapolis where they will be inducted into the Army. The group which the end of this month, the activity of the Lafayette chapter will include all MT 6 students and 27 MT 5's from Acheson to Darrow, inclusive, will meet at will continue in the sub-basement 6f the Union. Each Monthe north end of the Army at 10 o’clock this morning. Roll will be taken at 10:06 and the men, day, Tuesday and Thursday over one hundred women are givunder command of Major T. R. Tschannen, will proceed by train to Indianapolis. ing their time toward the making of surgical dressings, knitAfter lunch at the induction station, the group will be given physical examinations and ting for the Army and the Navy and sewing various garments.
Already over 350,000 surgical dressings have been made, — according to Dr .Louise Meikle,
who heads that department. The women aiding her work Monday evening at the Lincoln School with colored women, Tuesday evening and all day Thursday in the Union, attd all day Wednesday in the Presby-
terian church.
Large Quota For Knitting Many of the coeds have been aid-
preliminary tests to 17-year-old students who are now enrolled in
Hpdderich, PI A; Sue Mayer, Pi B|ta Phi; Betty Hutchins, Alpha
Chi omega; Martha Lee Riggs, th7lJnTve'rsity.'
Pel^Gamma; Donna Jean Leever ^his announcement has been WRH South; Mary Mattix, WRH Selection K ’ Rosemary Oesch, SCA; ^oard, and the headquarters will
^ ’ be open from 9:00 a. m. until 4:00
da Reed, Kappa Kappa Gamma; p However, the applicants are JC^y Heitmann, Chi Omega;. Betty ^ppj^ n^orning. Rhtchlns, Alpha Chi Omega; Ann w^en the students who are ingf;jnSon, Phi Mu, and Ann Ostran- Revested in the V-5 training prompt, Kappa Alpha Theta. ^pp,y_ they should have in /,^Ueen and attendants will reign their possession a letter of recomdWng the relays and will witness mendation from the University’s Sjmh events as wall scaling, relay Navy Representative, Dean W. A. between teams from twenty Knapp. At the time of application or., thirty schools, both collegiate the preliminary physical and ahij high school, as well as the usual mental tests of the regular Naval trhck bvents. Aviation Cadet examination will •• ‘lAdequhte seating is being pro- be given. After passing the test, the vjtlM. men will be sent to the Naval Avia-
tion Cadet Selection Board, at the Navy’s expense, for final tests. After the successful completion of the Naval examinations, the applicants will be sworn in as Apprentice Seamen, Class V-6, and later they will be ordered to active duty in the V-12 Special Training Program, or they will be allowed to remain in college on inactive duty
until called for training.
. If any of the applicants fail to
-t TT.n* examination, they are not
required to enlist in the Navy.
RCA Plans
Training
Of Cadettes Placement Service Offers Information
will be transported to Fort Benjamin Harrison for induc-
tion into the Army.
The remainder of the Advanced Corps Enlisted Reservists will meet at the north end of the Armory at 6:30 tomorrow morning and will leave shortly MT 6’s and MT 5’s who are leaving today for Indianapolis will meet at 10 a. m. in the north end of the Armory. Be prepared to leave at
this time.
$eYenth Navy
ClassGraduates
Friday Night 'Graduation ceremonies for the largest class in the shoit history of tKe University Naval Training
On May 1, the RCA Corporation thereafter. This group, which will has announced, they will begin an include all MT 7’s, MT 7 specials intensive cadette training program and the remainder of the MT 5’s, to prepare women for work in the will be under the command of Lt. RCA organization. At that time 80 G. A. Hesterberg. All students who quirements will begin an intensive the orders on the advanced course 44 week training program. bulletin board before noon today so The Placement Service for Worn- that the officers may be sure the en has the complete information men know about their orders, concerning the training, and any- Each student must obtain his own one who may be interested in ap- breakfast before departing, but plying for this work, call Miss other meals will be furnished. The Irene Feldt at 2965 before Satur- men are advised to take enough day noon. clothes for warmth and sufficient
Competence In Mathematics
The requirements necessary to Valuables should be left at home be accepted in this women’s train- and only enough money for individing program are one or more years ual needs should be taken along, of college work with satisfactory ^jji gg Stationed On Campus grades, some competence in math- ^.^e men will be ematics, good health, and a serious ^^e campus for the le-
Sevitzky
Gives Two
Encores
Orchestra Leader Congratulates Band
By Jean Yargar
Popularity of the Indianapolis Symphony orchestra was easily seen last night when after two en-
AWS Will Hold First Counselor Program Meeting March 29 Girls who wish to take part in the AWS Counselling program for
either the summer or fall term, or H. Schofield in kntttilig both, must attend the following tbe various garments under her meetings: a talk by Dean Coolidge quota for the Army and Navy. The on “Current Freshman Confusions,” Army alone wants 200 V-necked on March 29; a talk by Miss Me- sweaters, 200 pairs of gloves, and Farland, assistant dean of women, helmets besides the Navy ddon “Counselling Problems,” April mands of 200 watch caps and 88 5; and talks by one head counselor, turtle necks sweaters. She urges
... _ . one counselor, and one counselee, that as many coeds as can spare the
girls who have the necessary re- .are leaving tomorrow must initial cores, a little girl in the front row given April 12. All of these meet- time should knit for the Red Cross; 1 .„4- +v,o .sv. shoutod to the conductor for at ings are to be held at 4:00 p. m. however, they must be able to finish
least two more. ' in the lecture room of Stanley Coul- their work within four to six weeks. For the last number his orches- ter Hall. Over 2,000 garments in the last tra, along with the University sym- AWS counselors are sophomore, months is the record of JKfrs. phony band, played the thrilling junior or senior girls who volunteer L. Emens, who heads the sewing strains of “The Stars and Stripes to help new freshman girls enter- group. In reality the women workForever.” Dr. Sevitzky explained to ing the University through the lug with her don’t do the sewing, the audience before beginning the trials of registration and the gen- Lut they count out the goods and
Kfv, /I piece that both orchestras were eral intracacies of adjusting to col- distribute lihem to the various
playing the numbers in dif- lege life. As a reward for superior groups thrpughout the county who ferent keys, so he called upon his service as a counselor, a girl may work for them. Such garments as own group to do the difficult task of be selected a' member of Green skirts, blouses, pajataias, and underlast minute transposing. Guards, honorary for girls who wear have been made recently. Sevitzky Congratulates Band have done fine work as counselors. Shipments To St. Louis When interviewed. Dr. Sevitzky Announcements of new members Monday eleven large boxes were said that for the first time in the to be initiated into Green Guards shipped from the Red Cross headhistory of symphonic orchestras, a will be made at the last meeting for quarters here in the Union to St. university band had been allowed to the new counselors, held on April ^ouig, where they will be stored for
play with a symphonic group. This,
mainder of the semester to complete theii regularly scheduled classes. Uniforms will be worn at all times and the privates will be under command of army officers stationed at
the University.
at i in the Music Hall. The affair will be open to the public. Over 200 men will be rated as electrician’s mates, or as strikers for that rating. Class work for the seventh company began on November 30 and during the past 16 weeks they have studied an intensive course in wiring, motors and other duties of an electrician’s mate. The group has bfcen under the command of Ensigns H. J. Tourney and S. L. ’^hittemore. Commander Hugh J. Bartley, commanding officer of the school, will present certificates to the graduates and Paul H. Girkins will speak
for his class.
Anyone interested in the program may obtain full information from Dean Knapp regarding the enlistment of 17 years olds in the Navy V-5 training. Notice All activities, organizations, clubs, honoraries and co-ops who wish to have their pictures in the Debris, contact the Debris Workshop immediately. Your picture will not be in the Debris unless you attend to this matter before Friday. —WISKE
interest in the work. Girls between
18 and 22 will be accepted. After entering the course, the
cadettes have the status of “employees in training.” They are on salary the date the course begins. Their salary will be board, rpom, and tuition, plus flO each week
payable bi-monthly.
RCA Pays University Expenses All University expenses will be paid by RCA. Books and drawinginstruments, however, will be paid for the cadettes themselves on the basis of small bi-monthly deductions from their pay checks. Laundry, clothes, luxuries, and other
personal expenses will be paid for committee of Aircraft War Pro-
University Tops List In National Survey Of Engineering Grads According to figures compiled by
of course, is quite a compliment to the University band in view of the fact that following the performance Dr. Sevitzky congratulated Professor Emrick upon the skill with
which they played.
In Sevitzky’s opinion people of today like symphonic music much better than they used to. The snobbism which once existed, where good music was concerned, has been rapidly diminished. This change in attitude has been brought about chiefly by the radio. National hook-
12.
MT-7 All MT-7 or 7 specials who wish to enlist in the ERC must complete their papers at Tippecanoe County Selective Service Board No. 2 before March 22, 1943. No men will be sent to Indianapolis for voluntary induction after April 2, 1943, when the next group will go. —ROBINSON.
— --- -- tr o, L-uiiiiiiiLLcc ux xaiiL-iaxL Will X 1 u” cjiiieiiy uy Lut; Actuiu. iNcitiuiiai huuk- ^ g li/ F" t § f f by the cadettes just as though they cluction, Inc., the University gradu- ups which play symphonic music all PrOt, Vv . C, tiOVflanO
were in regular school.
Engineering Aides
The 44-week training progiam will have for each week 40 hours
ated almost twice as many engineering students in 1943 as any other technical school in the survey. The Universitys’ 800 graduates topped
of classioom or supervised study. Georgia Institute of Technology by
Pledges, Boxes' Junk, Bewilder Freshmen
By Peggy Steffes
j'r6 a new student' on the campus the sight of a college Joe ^tivanding down the lane between the Chem Annex and the Library can be most disconcerting—especially if said Joe’s ^2-inch waist line is swathed in yards of trailing red sash, and the button holes of his coat are strung together with squareknotted clothes line. As if this isn’t enough to entice the puzzled new student, this walking rummage shop is car- ——j". - rying the preserved femur of orary. The frosh i.s also very seii-
an unidentified animal suspended from a string, and a fancy squash-buckling saber which on closer inspection turns out to be of the harmle.ss wooden variety. Slung under the arm, he carries an Rl Stipko cigar box filled with goodies: ten cent cigarettes, Feenamint chewing gum
ous-minded, appiopo of these serious times, and decides to find the purpose of those frivolous goingson. He compiles a table of much rcsearched-after .statistics and finds that if all the sashes used for waist bandaging were put to other uses, our national textile shortage prob-
lem would be solved.
Also all the lumber consumed by
disguised in ordinary wrappers honorary paddles would build
(tsk, tsk), hard candy, cheap candy, soft candy, cheap candy, chewing tpbacco and so foith.
Makes Research
Because this new student is ambitious and wants to get ahead in
sizeable fleet of tug-boats, and that all the lope used for button-hole stiinging would make six thousand squaie yards of priority fishnet! Thiee yeais later we find this selfsame student walking the cam-
life, he investigates the fate of the pus iii full fledgling regalia, fully exciting upperclassman and finds convinced of the worth of honorhim to be a pledge of Eta Eta Eta, aries—Ti'eniember, he was ambitious ekolusive campus B. M. 0. C. lion- and wanted to get ahead in life.
Upon completion of this specialized work, the cadettes will become engineering aides in war work. After finishing the tiaining and being ready to become these engineering aides, the women will be undei full-time employment of the RCA Corporation, and will receive
regular pay.
Dr. J. W. Malone Will Speak Sunday At University Chapel Next Sunday the campus will again hear Dr. J. Walter Malone, popular college leader, who will speak at the University Presbyterian Church at 10:30 in the morning. For 19 years Dr. Malone was at the University of Illinois as pastor of the McKinley Memorial University Presbyterian Church and is at present vice-president of the Presbyterian Theological Seminaiy on the north side of Chicago. His appearance last year at this same church brought out a capacity crowd. He has spoke on most of the Big Ten campuses. Frafernities And
Sororities
You must have your 250 words of copy for the Debris in by Friday, March 19. If you haven’t your data form yet, call for it at Debris office. 'Fhe data sheet must also accompany the copy at the same time. —WISKE
over the United States have been a great aid to the music world. Dr. Sevitzky said that he has no favorite pieces but likes all good music, and that playing for University audiences is always inter-
esting to him.
328 men, while the third rankingschool in the country, according- to number of graduates, was Virginia Polytechnical Institute with 250. Three thousand nine hundred and eighty-eight engineering graduates
were covered in the survey.
The University ranked second to Texas A. & M. in the per cent of engineers in the armed forces with 75 per cent in the Army or Navy and 25 per cent in industry. Texas had 90 per cent in the armed forces. Both —Virginia Polytechnical and Alabama Polytechnical had 76 per
cent in the armed forces. 33 Percent For Industry
Not all engineering schools were Lounge to sixth, seventh and eighth
covered in the survey, but a repre- term women.
sentative group was picked. Ac- AWS is sponsoring a series of
... of the School of Civil Engineering, has written an article entitled, “Why Study the History of One’s Profession ?” The fifteen page article is appearing in the January issue of the American Journal of
Pharmaceutical Education.
future shipment to any place where they are needed. Prof. Miller Speaks At Reamer Club Initiation Banquet Members of the Reamer Club held their spring initiation banquet for new members last Sunday evening in the Union. Speaker for the occasion was Prof. W. T. Miller of the Mechanical Engineering Depart-
ment.
New initiates were J. F. Ackerman, A. S. Barab, P. E. Friend, E. H. Kroeplin, P. H. MacQueene, N. W. Merrick, J. A. Pedlar, C. W. Rezek, A. T. Seddon, D. L. Stultz, W. H. Tyson and W. H. Weber.
AWS Sponsors _ , . _ . ^
MM Talks Conine Confest In Union Today Features 500 Prizes
“Marriage as a Normal Relation- Mayer
ship” will be the subject for dis- Debris-sponsored Dog- Contest, to be held this Sunday, has cussion this evening at 7:30, when so far received enthusiastic support from campus fraternitl^. Dr. Mary Ade from Indiana Uni- fact, every fraternity-owned dog has been entered. Howveisity speaks in the West Faculty g^g gorority and one other organization, the Red
Cross, have submitted entries. Just to make the competitioh for the 500 odd (and we do mean odd) prizes a little tougher.
cording to the averages compiled, these marital lectures. On March any late entries may be regis- ' in. 44 per cent of the 1943 graduates 23, Dr. Marie Wessels of Chicago tcred at the Debris Workshop "window of Harry’s Chocolate Shop,
arc available to industry, while only 33 pel cent of the 1944 graduates will bey in the industrial ranks.
Gimlet Club
. . . announces the pledging of Paul Blakely, Dick Collister, Jim Craig, Doug Smith, Jim Stallings, Jim Richardson, Tim Tilton, Willas Vermilion, Dave Shryer, Clint Sowards, Conrad Gaunt, John Tabb, Gene Balalrd, Bere Clark, Jack Skillman, Rusty Sguies, Joe Kotarski. Bill Simpson, Bill Snow, Sprague Chapin, John Cartmell, Don Thomas, Tom Spitler, Joe Rudolph, Joe Stivers, Bob King, Dave Simpson, Jack Kennedy, Pete DeMaria, Bill Newell, Frank Hemler, Dave Morrison, Velmar Davis.
will lecture on the “Hygiene of Marriage”. Dr. Lucia Tower will speak on “Happiness in Marriage” on March 31, and Dr. Ralph Gerard will close the series April 6 with a talk on “Marriage from the Man’s
Viewpoint”.
Any coed besides sixth, seventh and eighth term women wishing to attend these lectures must turn in a statement giving their reasons for wishing to hear the lectures. A reference from the house mother, head resident or some other person of authority should accompany the statement. These forms must be turned in to the AWS mailbox at the west desk of the Union. Admittance will be by passpoit and all sixth, seventh and eighth term coeds are urged to attend.
between 4 and 6 p. m. today. ®0™er of State and Piei-ce.
. ■ 1 • L Sabotage Expected
. Nation-Wide interest among ^ , , , ., , J, . , . T It S any dog’s race. Along with dog fanciers has arisen. Mr. J. p,.digreed St. Bernards, Irish SetP. Mulligan of Picnyville, the ters, Dachshunds, Great Danes, etc., multimillionaire who died several are such questionable breeds as days ago letting his fortune go to “Curbstone Setter”, “Heinz (57 vathe dogs, had been planning to at- rieties)”, “Cheesehundt”, and “’(jlTe tend the big event in front of Fow- Wonder”. Names of entries range ler Hall. His estate, willed largely from Caesar, Ferdinand and Wtl-
to his faithful dachshund. Absent, has donated a three foot, solid silver cup, to be known as the valuable Absent Award. The Klondike Christian Command Colony of Cadet Canines has committed a diamond studded gold cup in admiration of the fine group of dogs corn-
helm II, to Saint, Muggsy and Ddc. In addition to dogs, several cats, rabbits and coeds are believed entered. However, the distinguishied judges—Prof. Butz, Prof. Giegar, Dr. Martin, Dr. Miller and Prof. Phillips—will at once detect such sabotage because of their expert
peting in the contest. These and knowledge on the subject of “Doga other valuable awards are on dis- -—What They Are and How to Boo play, under heavy guard, in the ognize Them.”1.1 K jl
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
i i-i jp j
Thursday, March ih, 1943
Purdue Exponent
^ Offices Sditonal and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377 Honorary Editor Willnm G Itoskm With the ( Urs
Editor Bnsincs*) Msnafrer Editor MaxiBKinf? Editor Senior Advcrlisinir ManAtr^er Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Executive
Dale r Bui Gerhard H Klouman Uohert W Boswinkl Silly Be 1 lamt-s G Pettj Joseph & Dawson Joan lie A Jane Keim
Publicafion Staff Lditonal Staff Associate Editfrs T J % li h ) "1 Rclnrl'^on T I TiHoi W H Ivson W I \i.rnih t M L bmith C C Martin dell E. Murphy Coed Staff PiijUis Mann Martin Lee Rirrs Carolyn Wilbur Elamc Ahrens Sports Staff C boinrds T Acltcrn in D Shrjer R Smith
Business Staff Assistant Advertising Mnnaser T Tilpi Advertising Managers J I Icxon C Gaunt J McCullough J Tahb Circulation Manager R H Ivroephn Accounts Manager MarjEhlts
Editor in Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Sqniei
s Staff For This Issue Night Editor Mann Sports Editor Rigg Dav Editor ttilhur Issue I ditor Grcgori Reporter^ D mam Ma\tr 'Vargor ( arrett V n Bu kirk Tuesberg Stti-h n oi Nicho s Nt i llinger
Entered ns seenn 1 class matter nt the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act if Congicss of March 3 18 9 and at the special rate of Tostnge pr vided for in section 1103 act of October " 101 authorired Jaminry 20 1922 Published on Tuesdns Thur U y Er lay and Sunday mornings during the veai Ddnirtd locally by cai rier for $179 for a semester or tS 00 fo" two se nesters bj mail for $■’ 00 for a semester or 33 nO for two sen e teis Represented for naticnai acKcitis ng Iv National Advertis ing Service Inc College I bibbers Representatives 420 Madison Ave New \crk N Y
niie WASiMTOH Suggestions yERUY "60" ROIIHD Choosing^ "Best Teacher
ly DREW PEARSOH
Public Previews Republican Administrat^ion; Favors Rich By Repeal Of Salary Limit Plan
Coed Dilemma . .. The lot of the patiiotic Puidue coed is indeed a haid one these days Hei professors assuie hei that the couise of study in which she IS eiii oiled is Mtal to national welfare and that she can best seive hei countiy by cariying on as befoie Peail Haibor with a little extia enthusiasm and conceiitiation But the radio, the piess and e\en the signs in the buses all piesent the ca-^e foi the WAACS, the WAVES, the SPARS, and now the Marines Each of these oiganizations is the way —says its piopaganda depaitmeiit—in which the young woman can best serve her country Then the fii st of tins w eek, the coed’s dilemma developed still aiiothei hoin University women leceived seieial bushels of Wai Department letteis sugge-ytiiig a couise of training for signal coips vcoik The application blank and the letuin en\ elope vcie enclosed Coeds began putting two and two togethei It was quite likely that Wiight Field had obtained its list of names fiom the lesults of the aptitude test gnen a few months ago to all University women A.nd if the government bad that list, the Univeisity must be politely (lutting the piessuie on its coeds to do somehhmg moie diiectly connected with the war The University is not putting on any piesuie The statements made by Dean Coolidge at the convocation when the test was given still represent the Univeisity’s stand Nine out of ten Puidue women are taking courses which will piepare them to do things which must be done, war oi no wai, and aie e\en moie vital now that theie is a wai The tenth one should do some thinking about the matter If she has a feeling she is •n the wiong line of woik oi that her couise won’t do the nation much good until after the war IS quite thoioughly ovei, she should seriously consider piopositions such as the one from Wiight Field At any late, the coed should be flattered that Wiight Field, the WAACS, etc, are all so eagei for hei seivices But Puidue still wants its women —s i b The Ratio
3.55 ... to 1 DLVIB ^L1 RL4LIS1IC Fii t of tilt tdil\ sjniiif, citctls IS ‘ Bldzei Boy Chijs Mho It IS told tailed into the Pi Phi Hoiist the otb 1 ni,^ht in intinmois sophomoie insweied the pi f It Ma\ r hdVL i datt tonight ' a^ktd the confident Chii ‘’y n\ leplied the smait sophomoie lassie 1 guess ^ ou Can it you can find omeont to date (You know whet they a\—sonielia\eit some ) Amt it a ‘■liame ' 11 e fungu 1 Jalluif, oft this one but due to the cxpedienej of the times and the dwindling away to a meie shadow of the latio the lollow'ing has been submitted bv couilc \ of the Campus Widows Club (men btishiji—oeca lonallv voluiitaij) \1 I \S JIIL PI KULI tOLU A lumdi erl y eai s 4 o today t\ hen wild' i ncxs was hcie A 111 ill wuii iiowdti 111 his gun tilt 1 I til t J hunt a dtti Bi L nv \ th lim lii\( 1 i, d miewli it A1 1 I (lift( I (111 ]d 11 Y t]< ti with )mw 1(1 ( ij hti no 1 f < ( i 1 til t) hill t 1 m 111 (\\ ( told you') Tnc Cm Gnu J. a t st 1 li hmti L 1 still itvci bei iting fiom Jk loud Kpoit w th v Inch Gimu Martin oi ] it tie Miss Mufict lamt gave bat lei fiattniiiy pm all oi which ougiit to jiiove vti 1, iiitcitstiiig to Ait Woua*., Big Bad Wolf oj WBAA If you can think of the iiamt oi the Iiatcinity youie a betlei mm than wo aien’f
WASHINGTON—With Dcmoeiatic political popu 1 uitv at i low ebb tin oughout the countiy, the voting public IS now gettni^ a significant glimpse of what it might expect of a Republican Administiation if elect ed In leccnt weeks the glimpse has been a bit soui First theic was the repeal of the $25,000 salary limit which benefited the grand total of 2 500 people in the entire nation, in contrast to the millions of wives and mothers getting about $50 a month from men at the front Second came GOP whoopla ovei the Ruml plan which would also be a tvindfall to a handful of war wealthy Now comes the most interesting test of all—the line up of Republican scnatois behind the old Huey Long gang to secure appointment of a Huey Long judge to the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals in Louisiana, merely for the satisfaction of embarrassing Roosevelt In the old days when Huey was staging fihbusteis and hulling jeeis it dignified GOP senatois, they kept then noses in the an and stalked out of the Sen ate chambti with hohei than thou wiitten all ovei then faces But now they have swallowed then piido and ganged up with the lemnants of Huey Longism— all foi the pleasuie of cmbaiiassmg PDR The judge Roosevelt lefused to appoint-—and whom the GOP now infeientially suppoits—is Huey’s old fiiencl Yichie Higgins who lecently voted against bailing ex Goveinoi Dick Leche fiom the piactice of law Leche anothei Huey Long satellite is seiving ten yeais in jail But when Ins disbaiment case came bcioie the Supieme Coiut of Louisiana Judge Hig gins lemained loyal to the memoiy of Huey and dis sented fiom disbiiring the impiisoned goveinoi ® Higgins HeSps Huey While the Kingfish w,s still alive Judge Higgins was even moic loyal In almost evciy case coming befoie the Louisiana Supieme Couit whcie one of Huey s policies was involved Higgins went down the line In 1934 foi instinee Hueys cindidate foi election to the Supieme Couit v'l is Justice Winston Ovei ton wliose biothei Senatoi Ovei ton is now so busy pei su iding Republieah senatoi s to \ ote against Roosev elt in the euiicnt judicial b ittle Winston Ovei ton was opposed by Judge Ihoma^ F Poitci inti Huey Long man But two d lys befoie the piimaiy M inston Ovei ton died This left Judge PoiLei is the sole c indidite and ho got the Demoei itie nomin ition which in Louisiana is t intamount to election But Huey Lon^, s m ichin le 1 used to iccept his nomin ition ind called loi 1 second piimaiy on Oct 9 Wheieuiioii Judge Poi toi seemed an injunction fiom i lowei couit pieventiiig Hueys Secietuy of Stite iiom putting any othci candidate s n line on the ballot But the Long crow d appealed to the Supreme Couit, where then fnend Judge Higgins agreed to hear the ease But ery conveniently he placed (he date of healing on Nov 26, whereas the primary was to be - held Oct 9 Ihus Judge Iliggiiis agieed to cou'^ider SIX weeks aftei the piimaiy the then purely- theoieti cal question of whethei ludge Poitei could be opposed in a primary whmh al-eadv had been held Long before the argument of eourse Huey had placed another candidate John I ournet on the ticket and Judge Poi ter had been defeated Chief Jiistie O Neill vigor oiisly dissenting held that Judge Higgins’ opinion emasculated the election m lehinery ot Louisiana ® They Hate Roosevelt On inothci occ ision Huey Long hid tioublo con ti oiling the police juiy of Last Baton Rouge Paiish So he jammed 1 bill thiough the legislituie pcimit ting his gang to appoint th iteen new mcmbcis AiUi then appointment the new Huey Long membeis bi ought suit against the old mombtis to pi event them fiom doing business The lowei couit leluseil to issue the injunction But in fhe Supieme Couit Judge Hig gins came to the icscue oi his old fiiend the Kingfish -und wiote an opinion leveising the lowei couit In anothei famous c i^e, one of Huey s political op ponents Dudlev LeBlanc w is 1 mining foi Louisiana Public Seivico Comniissionei But Huey packed the ballot foi Commissioneis ol Election with dummy c mend ites who would p iss on LeBlanc s election Le Bl me sued mdinthctiiil the defend mts admitted they woie not bon i fide c uididates But despite this Judge Higgins in a 4 ’ opinion luled ioi the Long ciovvd on tlie giound that LeBlanc had not exhausted his umcdies He should have fiist ippc lied to Iluev I ong s Executive Committee Judge Higgins Slid though he idmitted such m ippeil piobably would be i u cless gestuie Theic wcic othei e ises ot this kind most ol them v\iLh Chut Justice 0 Ncill ind tvi 0 othei ludges vigoi ously dissc itiiig All ot them occuued dming the day s w hen Sen itoi 1 lien Ici ind Ovei (on w eu icting IS gloiificd mesbtn ti bov s loi Huey Loi g is the^ lie nov loi the 1 en n inta ol the Huey Long machine n tiv mg to ,ct Ju !-,e Higgins apjioinled to an ex ilt ed post on the F b Ciicmt Couit oi Appeals It R possible to iindei-,tand win Demoeiatie Sena tois Gem of Rhode island 01 IJiiley ol Noith Caio liiia Ol Waltei Geoige ol Ceoigia can side with (he 1 ouisuitid senators Ihev dislike Roosevelt more even than Ihej did Huev I onj But it is going to be aw ful ly difheult foi 14 hteous Republicans to explain win they I ow plav into (he hands ot Iluev Longism 9 Capita! ChaH It is now di finitely deeided (hit John Vv 111 int Lin colic que I S Aralnss idoi to Gieit Biitain will not letuin to his iiost in I oiidon Tom Coicoi m tl i e Bl nil liustei is dying ti buy two cows toi li eh Idicn i Cd om and two Wheie he will 1 cep tl cm n tile tliie but eiowaed ‘■eetion wheie he lives u mains imysliiy to the neif hboi s S ly s beauli li 1 Ml P( ])|iei will ol the seiiioi sci itoi liom I loi i IJ you thill my hn b nl 1 i lubboi st imp, just I i t 1 1 V r if h h n 1 IV )i itc p i timi ol Tc e '11 ) ) I i\ in,. 111 It the Bl i ilian 1 mb is y omi im he jiitei 1 ujils hi hi idgc ; ame long enough (1 ))cci down it the s imb i duiecis but nevei joins tl I m J iu Stite Depaitmeiit li is leeendy received assur anee liom I laneo that he \ ill tight it Hith 1 attacks Spam Siuh ai'-ui 11 cos have been leeened before the gulliole gcntlcimn in the State Deputment al ways believing them thin finding a lew months latei that thev have to hustle out uid git ome new assui ances (Ci>py 1 iglit, 191 by Uniied 1 eatme Syndic ite Inc )
In legarcl to the foithcoming Best Teachei Award, which IS sponsoied every yeai by Sigma Delta Chi, lournahstic honorary, theic are several ideas and suggestions that have been collected fiom the Exponents of previous ycai'’ as to the quali-
fications foi a good teachei
1 He should know his subject mattci thoioughly and be well mfoimed m recent developments and changes in his held It IS especially helpful it he is engaged in lesearch work, and naturally should be extremely inteiested in this work 2 Actual teaching methods will undoubtedly vaiy with each instructoi and the subject mattei, howevei, the method used throws light on the instructor’s peisonality and should reveal him to the student It should be adapted to the students The fundamentals of the course should be emphasized and students should be given a genuine desiie to dig decpci into the
com so
3. He should be sinceiely inteiested in his students and willing to work with them inside oi outside of class with all of their problems In acquiring a close association with his students, the instiuctoi should know the names of all m his classes, meet them personally, be willing to lealize and accept their problems and avoid too many haid and fast lules He should be interested in and follow student activities, realizing they aie secondary to actual scholastic education, but nevertheless important 4 Of piime importance is the speaking voice of the teacher No mattei how well he knows his material, he cannot stir a class that has been put to sleep by the monotonous drone of his voice Also important in keeping the attention of the class IS having a good sense of humoi and not being too stiff and dignified Those aie but a few of the many lequiiements that go to make up a good teacher, but they aie some of the most imnortant and should be consideied when making suggestions for the Best Teacher Awaid Suggestions may be made by anyone and should* be left in the Exponent box at the West Desk of the Union oi mailed duectly to the Exponent.
!u%i Looking Aroynd V By Jack Abbott and Jim Richardson John L Lewis, president of the United Mine Workeis, has given ordeis that all of his paitnexs-in-crime aie to stop work April 1 This is a supposed attempt to increase the pay of the United Mine Workers, but in leality it is the worst kind of sabotage If Lewis is allowed to cairy through his threat, he should be brought to the highest court in the United States
and given a maximum sentence There may be nothing wiong with asking for new wages, but by going on strike, he IS jeopardizing the lives of
Placement Notes
For Women
Tiht St Louis Gill Scout Camp has openings foi Unit Leadeis, mm-
the American troops through- 21, Assistant Unit Leadout the woild The Piesidcnt should minimum age, 19, Wateifiont foiget that he is the champion Diiectoi, minimum age 21, if pos-
Thc last Shakespeaiean play for the duration was field at the Uiii versity of Minnesota, as the shoit age of men is becoming too acute to cast such a large number of them m oie performance Ihe final was Othello, the Moor of Venice ” which was mteruipted by the draft ing ot ten men during rehearsal but IS usual the show must go on, thercfoie the plaj vvas presented with duplications of characters m the vaiious loles —The Minnesota Daiij Loi the fust time since the vvhis tie was installed in the povvei plant at the U of Kansas it failed to blow when i file bioke out in the An it only building Since all ipp i 1 itus 1 being used foi wai effoits rnc whistle is being used only as an ail 1 11(1 w lining oi ioi a blackout IS ofticials decided cmei gency and file whistles would be confusing to the student —The D uly K ins in Loi the lust tinii, in the histoiy of the Union at Michigan the doiis will bo open to women on Sundajs A tiial IS being made with speci il consent tiom the boaid in oiilei to find out it the pioblcm ot wheie to go on Sundav evening d itos would be solved Yll of the leciea tions will be opened to the women and if the fust ti 1 il pioves i sue cess iL IS hoiicil th it the women m iv ilw ivs enjov the piiviK^es that tli Union oft CIS — The Michi„ in D ul\ Them instiuctois iL the Ui ivii sitv ol f ilitouiii it 1 os \nj eles leecntly plived i pi ml on the tu dents b\ mil mg i eullcction of ihe chem quizzes ncl tin ils ot the Uni vcisity to he 1 t five veu mil m ide turn ii to i bool toi iet(i me lo till tl dents Lntil tn it time ill ht eh m students hid liaiticil ciiehel loi tqics the pi t qui/zc m ou'ci to pi s the couise but now not even that will hcl ) a till piofcssoi ecitim Iv vojld ot „ive the id"nt e il tCoLs th U they li id u ed betoii — ilifoinii Dailv Bum
To the EcUtoi of the Exponent In the past theic has been con sideiable fiiction between the stu dent body and the committee foi convocations It is due time th it theio should be i mutu il undci standing between these two paitics Loi iimtmeo this semestci the convoc ition mateiial his be n de signed moio foi the faculty and the townspeople lathei than the student body as i whole As stu dents who pay oui convocation fees it is lustif ible that we aie entitled to convocations that wo will think woith 0111 time fiom legulii studios to mal o a tup to the Music H ill and eujo> No doubt the bi^st eompiomi'-e between the stu lent body and the convoc ition commit tee would be as demoeiaciCo do it —by voting Laeh scmestei theie should be a list of the pioposed convoc vtioii'published in the 1 zponent md tlie student loth should elecu tiom this list the convoc ittoi s th it they considei woith the i time The c choices should be pas cd along to the convoc iLion committee an 1 thiy should then get i bet ei oj mion ot whit th tu'cut 1 ody is i whole wmts When this )il m i pi l into tfleet theio should be no tii itism be tween student on convoc itions —K D R
i
label and should stop any stipce pi ms of the “piesidential aspiiant ’
Lewis
XXX Senator loe Ball, of Minnesota, has worked out a plan for policing the world after we have won this war The ideas behind such a plan are of the best, but the same ideas were incorporated in the League of Nations and as everjone knows it didn’t wink The woild has not im proved enough since (he last peace attempt to have any joint form of woild policing If such an idea is added to the next peace it will veiy likelj be completely loi gotten bv the leading poweis m then attempt to beebme as isolated fiom the rest of the w orld as possible The Aineiicm pie«s is ..iving heuilinc attci headline to the Rus snn vieloiics vzest Ol Moscow but they hive ill but foi ottinthit he Gelm ms it not exictly standing still uounil Khiikov II uithoiiti live soul cos can be pidgcd is tell mg the tiull the Geim^n ue id vancin^ lu t about is fist non id Khnki IS the Russians iie loiiiul Smok isl Ihe question is which one (i thi two aimiis is going lo stick then no e out the f iithesL md get it pinchei' b itk to the ic i of then 1 tt IL is hoptd that vvlun this nose ])unthing boj ms the U S and Biitish pi css will give it it Ic ist equal billing with ome n inoi g un of then ow n
X \ X
I lilted Nation foieis in Noith Vfriea art still feeling out the Gei man poiitni is but as soon is thcj h ivc found (he we ilic t poait in tin Nazi line llitv will pioeced to im Gate i coup de „iace Iheie is al wavs the pus ibilitj however that the liientlly bpaiush will allow the German Vimv to eioss tneii country and ittacii the Lnitid Nations loic,, in the re ir In
sible Any one inteiested should call at the Placement Seivice foi Women, 2955 at once foi fiuthei infoimation and applic ition blanks A lepi esentative of the Gooclycai Tlie and Rubbei Co, of Afiion, Ohio will be on campus Wednesday, Maich 24 Inteiested in Chem, Math, and dial ting Secietatial woikeis also desued Inteiested women student should call PSW, ^955 hefo c Monel ly Maich 22 A 1 cp cscntitive ol the Union C abide and Gabon ot New Yoik Citv will visit the cimpuo on Tucs day Mach It) to intcivicw women inteiested in technical wilting ehemrtiy oi met illni gic il back,^iou)kI pieleiieu is well as me ell mic il eignoeiiig A14 one in tcieste 1 should c ill Pliiement S iviie loi We nen 2055 it once to schedule m ppointmcnt C imp Alic'' Cl estei Milvv uikee Gill Scouts 111 summci op..i ings, June Ihiough August Positions die tho e foi unit le idoi issist int unit leuiei witcitioiit tiff and dieliti 111 Aiiv students oi staff membeis inteiested should call PI iti n cut ‘’iiv ice foi Women 2955, it once stiote ot (hi-^ kind the German Le gion could eonplctelv stop the flow of ships tluoiigh the Vlcditei lanean, cut Off Milti tiom Engl ind, and pos'-iblv de'tiov the nuhtaij foices 111 Noi (h Vfi lea
ARC
TODAY fhru SATURDAY F3RST RUN WESTERN
—WANTED— STUDENT SWITCHBOARD OPERATOR Compiefe board for 22 hours per week Opciaforcar sfriudy pirv ftme Apply af once ro G 0 Ar buckie, Cary Hail Soufii.Maecti t8^ ‘194S
\ ^
BoiletmaMer Sp&Hs
Pag»$
^ i
s ;
?“ <
f (
j.
Wall Scaling Championship At Stake
Coed Interviews Lou Boudreau
Indians Hold Daily Drills In Riveter Fieldhouse
Color, Sex, Part
Of Purdue Relay
The Sports Wave
By Josephine Dawson
By Sophy Snodgrass
Something quite diffeient in the Way of novejty will be the formally attired officials at the Pin due Re lays” that aie to be held in the Boileimakei ricldhousc Situiday afternoon and evening Maich 27 There will be appioximately fifteen timbkeepeis judges and stiiteis employed with the iunmn„ oft of the affau and eaeh iiid oveiy one of them will be dressed foimally To match the foimality of the officnls will be the foimally ittiied Queen of the Relajs and her couit Pageantiy will be the theme in the gi ind pai ide which w ill get uii del way at 7 p ni In this bit of drama the Queen ind hei coiut will lead the entiie cist of pwtiei pants in the noighboibood of avo bundled athletbs in i modified gland maich in i ciieuit ol ucn i To add moie coloi to the affiii the entile unused poitioii of the Fieldhouse will be eovoied with gieen sawdust Seating foi the meet will be ui nged into box seats, and the student section The box seats will be on the main flooi even with the tiael A slight com plication in legiid to this is that the tiack which will have to lie banked on the turns to loop the spectatois in box scats fiom getting dirt in then ejes ind the student section will be in the b ilcony One of the novelty events of the meet the event wlieic in undisput ed woilds lecoid will be est ib lished the w ill scaling contest with
OLIVIR HUNrrU Distance Runnci Notre Dame PL- 12 CIS 11 tie spotlight ils is oflciing slight compile itions The w ill h lb been built ind is ten u I 1 half leet high Its nbt high enough toieh Phillips w is bewil deled when the supermen in the PL cl isses took the obst lelc pi ictieally n st) 1 k
^ct^’ ^ Tons of fin!
loi yeais K loplioiic cables li iv( liei ii splu ed inaMiy s iti&fat loiy way But llie soldi i joint i oiil mu d 10 jn i edit war vital tin So Bell Sybil in niin devisi d i ii< w 1>ik ol joml wliidi savi s up to 80 per cent of llic soldi i V ' Vii loi y loinl’ they < ailed It riu new li clmique Ins bei n idopled lluoiij^hout tin System willi the lesiill ill it (lOO 000 poiiiids of tin and an < veil gii alei amount ol It id i iii be s im d in i noun d y eai s constiiK tion This is anolliei e\ mipli of tin n ilion wide loopei ilion of Bell System pcopli in fulfilling then ide il—sn \ ii c to tin nation in peace oi ivai
► Spring AcHYity Use of facilities loom ind equipment at the Fieldhouse is very much on i wai time basis now The Fieldhouse is alne with activity from morning until night New sports work outs are being begun by the Uni vei ity teams and spun., football practice is in lull swing once again too Other students who are 1 oeping the pi ice bisy ire the aspirants for the wall scaling title PF 12eis bore to bung the natonil title heie and are practicing haul foi it ^ Armed Forces Work OutBesidco ill the ie„ulu spnn^ icLivit\ the i ew gioups of aimed foiees stationid on the e rmpus hold then e ilistbenies ind exercises theic daily The s xilois get rwoil out d uly indthenrv\ in c idets ire seeing le ion eveiy day too In the ne u futu e anothei ^i nip iiom the iimy will be included too ^ Cieveiarsd isidaans Pract'see Moie letion at the rieldhouse is tint oi tie Clevel ind Indnns who stilted sir n pi re ice heie 1 st Mondi-\ Thej pi ictiee eieiy moining lioni il out 9 0 lint 1 noon—and lool promising Wi 11 1 ivc noic about them soon Galacade Plans Cow'S'est Api il Icj should bi ip i bi^ spl ish rt the pool It cm th it P rpengulh h IS 1 unique ide r lei his G 1 ic ulc scheduled i that date L leh soioiitc ind fi iteinitv on the campus s t be piven the oppoitiiniti lOi eonipot ing for distil eiion n t ink c omedy A ec nte t i not g the ti in s i epi e ei i in„ vinous houses \ ill be held ind in iwud will le mile the mosu
eomie il
^ TSiafr Feminme Confresi'
Coed will til e pi t in liter colic ^iite sports ome( me sorn A tele ^r iphic eoiiuest i pi uined loi i iiious univcisitico of the countij iiielud 1 n Fur luc Iiy outs for i tc uii ol ten ue Lak ng place it the bowling vlleys in the Union this weel ind are open to ill campus coeds
^ More Fcmahane Touch
Candidates tor the queen mil liei corn t w ill i c i^n it the inter eolle i ite icliys Much 27 hive been chosen Voting lor the twelve chosen will be 1 y puicha o ol tickets foi the event which i e for s ile now by any Ream i Gold Peppei Miitu Bond Gimlet or Spiled Shoe Club
Rygiieri, lm\m To Partidpife In HAAU Starts Mext Tuesday
Wrestliiig Tournamefi! Af Brooklyn, H. Y
Cleveland Indians Praise University Athletic Facilities
Coed Interest Increases As Spring Practice Begins B> Pat Richardson Being on the spoits staff ceitainly does have its advantages even it one doesn’t know anything about sports Especially^ when the sports editoi makes a mistake in assignment I don’t claim to know any more than the basic fundamentals about baseball, but someone had to find out about the Cleveland Indians, who aie m spiing tiaining here Although the word Indians always bring to mmd
IIM DI LANEY
Shot and Discus Notre Dame
Boxing Tourney
liul Ru ^1011 in the he ivy weight cl I's and Wuieii EvisLon in thf 17 5 pound el i s will leprc sent the University in the N itional AAU wiest'in^ meet to be held ui New Yoil City it the Vest Side YMCA on Piiday mil Situidiy Ap il 9 md 10 Jwo liars Big Ten C h unpion Ivuggieii his heljl the Lig 1 en cli impioi ship foi the p st two yens mil is iindele ited m dull meet competition He pi iced thud in the Nation il Intel collegiate list ve u 1 hole w is none held this year I his will be the last competition foi both Ruggieii and Evisioii who will soon be e riled to the Navy II anspoi t ition Difiiiult Iho I it will he lop ose lied t the niict while the West mil Mid west will [lolalh hive fewer lep rc'-t itiLives dui to li ii sport ition thnicultio Michig m bt iti how eiei will hive mmy me i entered two crmpetitois Tohnson md
Kopel will lepicsent the Univei sity of Michigan Tohnson who is II the 14 5 pound cl iss w is e ip tun ci th Big 'Icn chimps Kopel who won the 121 pound champion h p 11 the Big Jen will be entered in the lightweight competition Nmateui Contrasted With College 1 he N riion il Amatciu \thleiic Ui on IS not only the oldest w cs tling oi„ini/ilioi lu ilso th oldest mi itcui athletic " oup 7 he miiehts last 12 minutes is con tr isted to the nmo minute col Ic^iitc bouts Ti the list throe minutes first one opponent is un dcineath then the other md fin illv loth lie on their leet E leli deie it IS three bliel mills again L the losi ig player As each player is il lowed five 11 rcl mills every 1 oy is issuicl ol it le 1st two hints A wi 1 1 \ i lec Sion IS one hi icl niul while i fill IS 0 Ihiee luclges i id one lefeiee e ill the bouts
NOTICE
We pay Ic each for all hangers in good usuable condition if brought to our office WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Eliminations foi the inti annual boxing meet will be held on Maieh 2 an 1 Much oO the fin il one bched lied ioi Situidav Apiil 3 AH weights will be lopiesented and med ils 01 p i/es will ho given to the winners ol c leli cliss The entry sheet V ill be po ted on the bulletin opposite the inti miui il check out
1 00 11
111 conjunction with the intia mill il meets i boxing meet will be hold on Vpiil a 1 etween the Uni VC sill ti in met the Gaiy YMCA A tot il ol to 16 bout'<i will he hcl 1 with about 30 boxers par tieip it ng In addition to these matches Coach Beers is tal mg Jim md Don McMillen to the NCAA nation il boxing tduinimcnt Beers Will Coieli Those who wish to enter the m ti imui il boxing meet m ly obtim iquip iient fiom the cheel out room md then go to the mam floor md wum up Couli Beers will be on hind to instruct the novices in the pi Opel stance and other di,tails Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Coed Team To Bowl In Inter-Collegiate Heet By Telegraph G lines foi the W omen s Intel collegiate Bowling Match sponsoied by Penns Ivinii State College aie enteiin„ the home stietch todaj Schools all ovei the country par tier pile m this mnu il sporting event which has been sponsoied by Penn sylvania Strte lor sever il yens To Choose learn of Ten The ten girls who turn m liit,h est scores if ter bowling two lines each will make up the team lepie senting the University To date the five highest averages run as follow s Eva Willi misoii 189 Viiginn Riley 163 Terry Swinney 149 Geoigi mna Radeistoif 139 Miry Helen Woods 139 These iveiages w ere taken at the end qt the fust night of bowling Final Games Tonight Matches were held Tuesday and Wednesday and the final games will be played tonight from 6 to 8 it the Union alleys The scores are to be sent m Srtuidaj so anyone who would 111 c to bowl for compe iition should see Miss Alice Bond of the Physical Education Department bj' 4 p ni today
w at paint and bloody deeds, it seems that the Cleveland Indians are an up and coming baseball club managed by captble Lou Boudieau True to the rncient traditions of Indian tubes they are after a scalp—the penn rut According to Boudieau the team has i better than average chance for cdptiuing the pennant although they have lost Les Fleming veteran first baseman to the draft and may lose more before the season is over Nlieady 16 former Indians are camping on Fen Schicklegruber s trail bv serving in the aimed forces of the United Nations The team seems to feel that they have a good chance and are very anxious to get into shape Boudieau praised the facilities of the Fieldhouse commenting that they were almost too complete He was especially pleased with the air conditioning seivice since it kept the temperatuie at 65“ constantly and peimitted the playeis rest without feai of becoming chilled Having a practice field light across fiom them was another advantage, for in good weathei the team could practice outdoors immediately after waiming up in the gvm Practices in the gym are from 10 to 12 30 in the morning with no afternoon practices because the gym is needed foi PEM 12 Boudieau commented upon the (See INDIANS page 4)
Wall Scalers Fly To Mew Heights In PE Trials
Y©or Dime*s In The Army N@wl
—Courtesy Richard Yardley and Baltimore Sun,
Bj Suzj (I Sheldon PE 12 th it iamous couise that IS popular with most of the eds on this campus has suddenly til eri on i new inLeitst This weel the lids who tiot ovei to the Fieldhouse at odd houis of the d ly vie being given i dunce to show then si ill in one ot the toiighei phises oi comm indo ti iinin„ will selling These tests i e Icing lun off in in ofioit to deteiiinne i woild cli im 1 ion w ill scilei who will be ciown cl it the III lue Kelivb in Mil eh 7 Si I 1 ivo ,,0 ol ihoiit five 01 i\ ucii h ve uivived t icse fiist te ts 1 1 Ll eii I L 1 ■’ divisions 1 he 1 SIS ue 1111 fl 1 the west end ot th I icl Hio ise ovci i w ill th it is ijusl Ue 1 on S lect to 10 teet t 1 ichc Vlost ol the ihvsieil speci 1 e IS st V 111 the eo noetition up to the LO loo niii then the numl.ei glow 11 He u tl the niximuin he 1 t ot 10 leet t inches is le idle 1 Iheie 1 i ^loit dell ot si ill in \ Ivo 1 the e ilii g e 1 i huh w ill Vt lust the tl 1 leos not lool tio tune 15u but i on ipi oieh l e \ ill in 1 lot' L t \ t 1 h i i, Lht t ell thiL w lu ue i ee ltd tot i di 1 t I VLivo h Is i t li eunt tv k \ lieu thev on ovei the missive enuiinl tl t lek Soni ol ihe lovs tile lilt urn 111 let! „oiiu luht in lit tut tint L iiu tl t toettiLitnt 11 fiiiti i 1 t 1 i JO siblt Olhtis t ll t i 1 w ippioith ml give ut w th i hiue le ip ml when Ihtv lei h 111 en I ol the line—the wall \ t f i 11\ ifti 11 on lilt ol tht tiv tuts iltht I ill liws tl Itojti
foini and calmlj- walked up to the wall stood at the bottom took, a huge jump and pulled himself to the top as the spectatois stood by look ing veiy hewildeied Another of the e iiulidates foi the wall scaling eiown lan swifth up to the wall md slipped on the tup up and came close to getting eiowned before the Kelav s Ihe ( liief Speiks Chiet Clevett PE 12 head man h IS mnounced th it these tests will he luii oft until ill of the PE 12 divisions hive hid i eh nice to com pete then the n lines ot the best seileis in e ich class will be called to compete in the semi hnals Which will piobiblv be lun oft next week Beloie the semi fin ils howevei the w ill will be ilteied so tint it can be 1 Used to i height ol aiouml 13 feet Piobiblv SIX 01 eight men will be chosen in the stun hnals and. these luel i 1 ids w ill be given a chance to eonipete loi the woilds title at the Puulue Kelus Ihe tijeuts in the duly PE 12 di s lit option ll but thiel Clev ett lu ts ill ot the lads to paitrci [ ite u this oppoitunitv ot a hie tnie lust cninl voui name would ^0 dowi n lustoij fis the hist hold ei el the world s w ill sealingeiown Toil weull It eonsideied THE one 111 Venn PI L eliss Oppoitumty 1 L 1 III ids hue no end in this ton test It sides it the Aimy leads iLout voiu skill m tommando tae tie thev will piobablv call you in toi ill mteiview uid give vou a job with good p ly swell moals and lots (1 tiavel uoiind the toui toineis ot till j,ood old tell i tumaPurdue Exponent
Thursday, March 18, 19^
inooch A Pooch, But Don i iss Girls', Scientists Say
GRIN AND BEAlr tT
By.U^
•tSerms From Osculation Potential Health Threat
w I \Nendell
ICissmg may be an ait but it is undoubtedly one of the filthiest customs of man, and is by fai the greatest single method of accidental tiansmission of gei ms Kissing may also seem
4bUghtful to the average indulgei, but may not be quite so bemjy shown m the coed bowling
dbsired when one leains that from 80,000 to 1,000,000 germs l^ass from mouth to mouth during the course of every human ofefcufation —
Chi Omega Holds Coed Bowling Tournament Lead At Halfway Mark Moie than the usual interest is
“It is safer, much safer, for a ypUng man to kiss his pet dog ojL* tiikt than his favorite girl friend,” contend bacteriology
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled tc visit the
campus
General Electric Compan>, Sche
professors The animal germs New York—March 17 and
that maj give a man disease aie interested in April and August i^^ppa Kappa Gamma
Delta Gamma
Coiporation Sviaclise Alpha Chi Omega
Kappa Alpha Theta
Alpha Xi Delta
Phi Mu
tournament which is now in the fourth week of competition The Student Union sponsors the tour nament and a trophy will be award ed to the team that wins the most
games
To date the standings are as fol
lows
Chi Omega 8 1
Pi Beta Phi
, 4
mm muif At ’■‘‘V dit I
Notices
All Women Students 7 The St Louis Girl
Scout Council 18 m nccu of girls to work m their camp this summer Jobs available are unit leader assistant unit kadtr and water front dircetor Any one interested should
telephone or comd in to the Placement Scrv ice for Women (2966) immediately
—hFLDT
Camera Club Spring exhibit will be held March 2 to April 6 Futries must be turned In at the West Desk of the Union not IntLr than Monday Maich 22 Mount mg boards dry mounting tissue and rules are availabcl at the West Desk
—STOCKMAN
Chem 3 and 4 Students Used copies in
good condition as regards result sheets of m room 212 of the Union
St 45 a m for practice
WAA BowHnir CIms tournament
ning WedncBctay Moreh if at 7 p . All teams be there promptly Thtee ganmi W be bowled —SANDERS ^ Triton Tuesday meetintf is posWohcd until Thursday at 7 16 Bt Vhore proTOfe'y Debris Staff prcShWnn and sophomore workers out for the budiness editonal or photoRraphy stalT report to the Iwonsj Workshop at 4 this aftei noon —WfSKE War Council MeetinR in Union pffiee At
7 40 Thursday niKht RePOfts on
drive to be Riven / AUGSBUk^®R
Skull and Crescent Pledges Routfh
tion will bo held Tueddy March 28 at 7 30 p m Meet at AGR BrinR flashHBht, feld box hone and paddle OttESTNuTT
Alpha Lambda Delta Actives and
Initiation will be held Sunday at 8 "
rale compaied with the numbei ot dangerous geims exchanged m ev
ety human kiss
Seveial ^ca^s ago a toed in the Uhiversitv of Utah got decidcdh uTtromantic and kissed a micioscope slide Plating it undei the fatal in sfgument she let out a scieam and ran to tell hei numeious fi lends of the millions of dividing batten i fiem hei own little ruby lips The hews tiavtled back and foith ovei the campus until the guls weie enough aioubtd to declaic a kiss ipg .strike'’. I j
Scabs
This might halt been effective except that as in eveit stiike theic W^re scabs Thev weic the giiK who tiled to hang on to then boy friends ‘<Jt(iSsing may not bt so d in„ei ous if you use the light ttthnique protested one of the st lunth 1 i« sluppoi'ters “If you kiss haid enough you tan kill the germs dttlai td i fieshman
Stab
"“Bacteiia go to town undei tht microscope but aie pittty helpless m the daik claimed anothti of the kis^lovei s No Kisses ISo Dates One thing led to anothti ind as might be expected the eds on the campus decited No 1 i scs no dates ’’ Out guess as to who won that campaign One of the favoiite stories about this little episode is of ont BMOC Aftci making his g4l wait and wait foi a date he fin ally asked hei out The setting was just right ind when the time tame he made the usual pass at 1 issiii„
hei
“Please no she piottsttd dot tois insist that kissing is tkingci Ous ’ “Honey Im no cow aid he answeretl and planted a beauty on her lips^ Tbrce Dies Out Attei the taicc at Utah Univei Sity died out stholais all ovti the coutitry became inteiested in the subject Di A Mai tin at Montana State College tested the „eim ton iiDiyt ot ftminine kissts and itpoited that two houi old hpstitk had inoie bacteria than fi esh and tiiat a latk of lipstick pi evented at lca«t 40 000 gbrms Aftei he leltasfed his sta tlstics, the toeds at Montana went all out foi no lipstick—but they failed onct moie to letkon with the male It seems that the avtiage male gets njuch enjoyment fioni the lOsj impi lilts left on vaiious paits of hib physiognomy oi handkei thief which he exhibits to his loom mates with gieat gkt They com plained and the giils went back to then lipstick Kisses Not Essential Scientists claim that kisses aie (•not an essential pait of ones sex life and accoiding to Pliny the el dei’s explanation ot the oiigiii oi the kiss Roman wainois upon ic tuihipg home would bi ush then wiye’s lips to Icain il then spouses had been dunking ^Ut, if 1 issiiig lends im ic t( youi life, find a nice sexy little jioodle and kmatk Smooch i pooch uid bt healthfully happy IBM To Interview
I
Applicants Today Inteinationai Busmtss Mathincs t oiqioiation oi Chicago will have a icpiesentative htie today to in tei View applicants ioi eu^tomei tii gmceiing Fnginteiing liamin„ is not lequiicd Ihtie was i meeting lust night With the inteiviewci but appointments still may be made to dav by tailing the Ifiacement Sciv lee at I9V) Badminton Aceouliiig to Ruth Rule V\AA spoits head th( badminton doubles htaited VVedntsdav with sivui teams competing J lu finals in doubles and singles end next Jluiis dav in till women’s gym
ME EE
Camel Coiporation Sviaclise New Yoil—Maich 18 and 19 In teiested in Apul and August ME^
EE
Vi
»)1043 Chicago Tn
Pat O f Al ria Re«.
rhcmical Etjuihbrium and Qualitative Analyais 2nd Fdition arc un,ently needed
for the War Training Program
—PEARCE
Alpha Phi Omega The outdoor meeting has been chanir.cd to Wednesday March 17 We will meet at the East entrance of the Uhion at 7 pledges are reminded to brint boxes boards and ropes
GOSSWEIN
All Students All students who wish to Moik foi the Registrar during the Summer Term registration April 26 and 27 are rc quested to make application at the Regis trar s offic Tho e with previous expert enco dt regibtiatmn or in other clerical jobs aic given preference —STONE CE 62 A condition test in Highway Con Btruction CE 62 will be held at 1 30 p m Saturday March 2 in room 206 of the Civil Engineering Building —PETTY
Student Senate There will bo a Senior P m Saturday
Board meeting of the Senate for the selcc tion of junior and sonur executive p>ai tions Wednesday April 24 in the Senate office —MILLER
Actives be —RIGGS
Cosmopolitan Club Important buaindsa meeting 1 riday March 19 at 4 1C in Ijwm 304 of the Union —UVI/i
Reamejrs Meeting Mondky nighg ijktilt
22 at 16 p m m loom 302 of I orcsters Meeting tonight at 8 p ih
C H Robertson will dpeak on Thing^ To
Be Seen on the Road to Tokyo
f I lends -WEAVER All Students Dr C H Rohertaon (Big Robbie) will speak to the Forptry Club to-i night at 8 p m in tho auditorium of Horticulture Bldg He will speak on ™ilg3 To Be Seen on the Road to Tokyo Emy one IS invited —WEAVER Rifle Team Important mcctins of Ulfltf
team m room 106 of the
Eastman Kodak Company Ro Highest so fai toi the individual chestei N Y—Maich 18 and 19 games aie Maiy Boddinghouse Pi Inteiested in Apiil and August ME pj,, of 202 and EE ^nd Jean Gibson Alpha Xi Delta An Cl aft Corporation Buf Maiy Jane Roth Chi
Omega has the high
1 don t like to knock the place, but confidentially, the soil is so feitile I think the basement is too small to hold the stuff you’d be able to laise in the garden ”
Bell An Cl aft Corporation Buf
falo New Yoik—Maich 22 and 23 Omega has the high individual Inteiested in Apul and August scoie of 49b and hei house AeioE ME EE _ , his the high team game and senes
riettwings Inc
Biistol Penn
sylvania—Maich 24 Inteiested in 'Vpii! and August ME AeioE Standard Oil Compani of Indiana Whiting Ind—Maich 24 Intel ested m ME Chemists
scoies of 753 and 2089 lespectivelv Satin da\ it 1 >0 p m Chi Omega plays Kippa Alph i Iheti uul K ipp i Kappa G imma com
petes with Delta Gamm i
Ihc toil in iment is lun m conntc tion with Y AA ind the points thus
Pefiiions Due Monday Former Student For P!A Office Seekers Trains Chinese
For Summer Session
Pi Tau Sigma Important meeting Fn clay March ij at 4 p m in Ruathn^, Room Election of new members Ncccfasary that all actives be there —HAGENMAIER Camera Club Meeting Thursday Mar h 3 8 at 0 m room 307 of th Union Mr Frost will speak on photo murals Pictures to be entered in the spring exhibit mu t be t irncd in at the West Desk not later than Monday March 22 at 6pm —STOCKMAN Alpha Phi Omega Caps lave airiv cl Puichase ticket must be obtained fiom M L Bender o4 S Gary Hall
BENDIR
Senior Military Students Students tskmg MT who miss the two hour penod In Tactics flunng week starting March I7ti1 sho ilcl SCO their instrutcor promptly and
arrai ge f i make up of
Marriage Course Th ic will be a mcctinfl Thursday Maich 18 at id _in .1°?!".
i £ the Un on
-WILKENING
Classified Ads
WAA
Petitions loi tho offices of PIA piobident vice picsident sccietuy mil tieisuici lie due m the PIA
These companies do not plan to gained aie counted towiid the office by next Mond ly it 4 p ni
visit the campus howevci they aie mtiamuial cup piosented aniiuallY
Intelestid in students loi employ
ment
Rav O Vac Company Madison Wisconsin—Inteiested in ChE ME EE Si.,n in Peisonnel Office by Sat in day Maich 20 titles SeiMce Oil Co Baltics ville OI 1 ihom i—Inteiested in EE Science (Geologists physicists oi nathematicians) Sign in Pei son ncl Office by Situidiy Much 20 Hollej Caiburetor Compant Do tioit Michigan—Inteiested in ME Sign in Peisonnel Office by Satui diy Maich 20 Giilt Oil Coipoiation fids i Oklahoma — Inteiested in ChE Chemists Sign in Peisonnel Office by Situidaj Much 20 Peisonnel depaitment of the me ch line il cnginceiiiig school undei the dll ectoiship of Piotessoi Bolz will place all Mechanical Acio nautical civineciing students who applj loi pait time lobs while on the campus Ihose desiiiiig posi tions as laboiatoiy instiuctois oi assistants oi dialling woik should ill out m ipphcation m Piot Bol/ office Ihcie aie many pait tunc jobs on the campus at piesent Depaitment heads that would like student help '■hould notlt^ Pioi Bolz uid let him 1 now what lol s aie open and the icquucmcnt
at the Spoils Spiead W ud II is leading ni points' foi ill spoils IM Schedules IRVILRNITY BVDMI^^O^ Ihursdai Evening March 18 7 00—Phi Kippi IS Delti Upsi Ion Phi K ipp 1 Smmi vs Beti Theta Pi LimbdiChi 4.1phi\s Phi \ ipp i lau Phi Dclt i Theta vs Sig mi Ch Phi G unm 1 Dclt i \s Sig mi Nu T HI Epsilon Phi vs Sigmi Alpha Mu Phi bigmi K ipp i vs Alph i Jui Omeg 1 Si.,m i Pi vs
Dclt i Chi
Membcis of the piesent boaid made the innoiincement due to the i ict that ill the positions w ill be v i c ited at the end ot the semestei and th it all those who would noimilly fill the vicincics will be inducted
undci the ERG piogiam
Requiicmcnts toi the c mdidacy
Licuten int Colonel John G Kel lei who giaduatod in the school of Civil Lngineemig in 1923 his
wiitten to C iptain Ben Petty fiom fieshmen
gomewheie in India ’
At tie piesent time he is tiaiii ing Chinese tioops but befoie his cntiance into the seivice Kellei w is 1 fiaffic Engincei with the Illinois State Highway Depaitment He lepoited that the load con fatiuc’- on at his stition is veiy jiiimitiVL, and he desciibed some of the 10 id lolleis used in the oiig
class bowling stalled Wed
nesday night at 7 p m with the
competing with sopho
moies to deteimiiie class chain pious Accoiding to Baibaia San dels WAA spoils head the selected teams will play again Satui day at
1 and Wednesday at 7 p m
Typewriters Adding machlnea oil raflkeB sold rented ripaind and purchased MiJBdograph work done C J Lbershoff 606 Lafayette Phono 2779 Money to Loan Un diamonds wati^es, guns lugg ig( typewriters Albert s OfTico 40 Columbia Wanted Girls to work in Chestnut Roopa during serving hours Purdue Memorial Un on Apply Cafeteria Office
— t
lost—In Union igpld olabs nng Initials DAI Call Don at 714 Reward Wanted—Bub hoyb in cafeteria for board Cull J linings Cifetcria
Y ud won the eh impionship in itch 1 the \ille>bill Ton i i ment winnin ovei Yaid 27
uc piesenee it the Lnivcisiti this inal constiuction which have been Petitions must be signed chiseled fiom solid locl The lollcis
uc ibout five feet long and thiec Icet in di imetoi A. tew of the mam hi„hw lys lie icpoited to be m tau coi lition md uo siut^ced with
isph lit
CiptunD S Butlei who ittcnd ed the Unneisitv in 1940 in the school ci Civil Ln.,meciing is sta tioncd at the s imc location as is lieutenant Haiold C Huvey who „iaduitcd in 1941 liom the Science
school
Do not Joi.,et to h md in \oui eiiti') hi 111 on tho W lui Swimming Meet w hieh is to Le held 1 11 1 ly eve ning Much 17 stilting it 7 15 This meet is to consist oi five eieiils IS follow s lime 7 15—50 i ud bieast stiol e 7 2 )—50 1 aid b ick stiol e 7 jO—50 "V ud lice style 7 45—100 > ud flee stjle 8 00—Taney divin„ Medils ue now on displ in the tiophj c ibinet m the Inti imiu il Office
Indians
(Continuid liom pigc 3) complete coopeiation he hid le ccived fiom Red Mad ei diice toi of physic it educ ition and ill of those connected with the phis ic il education st ifi Iim Smith the gioundsl eepci and Minn the tiainci hive been especially help lul Couth I meup Del Bal ei foimei minigci ol the Dctioit ligeis Buit Shotten ol the C level md club who his had some expel itnte in m m iging md Geoigt Sustt C level md eitehei lie the toithts loi the Indians Bouditut liclieves this is the best eo itlimg stiff in the Ameiicm league md s lys Im ecitunlv gl id to have these gentlemen woil 11 „ with mi—the toopti ition his been s])lcn4id The Cleveland b ill tlub IS well IS m\stll ue h ippj to h ive these men with us Dr. E. C. Elliott u lived on the c uniius yes teidai ilteinoon on le ive liom his Y isl ington jol is thiel oi the di vision on pioltssionil and technic il ti lining (1 the Y u Mmiiowei ( ominissH n lie will be heic on business untd Sitiiidi\ when he goes to ( hi( ig ) to piesi It it i meeting ol uniMisit\ ))iesidents I iQin the e hi will letuiii to W ish iiigti n 1(1 i meeting ol the )oint \im\ \i\\ eomnuttei on mm imwii t 1 i I (Id Mond i\ ot whith Di 1 111 tt I ( hail 111 m Maury Mahn w dl 1 1 i\ loi the M ixci in till 1101 111 billioom oi till (Jnion Satui (I i\ tiighl liom X 0 to 11 0 I 11 1 l ts u ( Slit) 1 ( )U|)I(
4 00-
®'gini Delta Psi Tricldi Much 19 -Sw immin„
Dean Harry J. Reed hi unveil liom Des Moines low i while he w is i mtmhei oi tho Indi m i committee lieided b\ Coveinoi Sihiidoi lUcnihng the midwest eonteicnee on the fum 1 iboi md micliineii situ ition iii the lood pioluction pictiiie Ihc ineetm; w is tilled by Coveinoi Hid enlopei ot low i md time w is spent on the most senous ot the lood pioduction piobleins Toimei piobident Iloovei was, the piuieipal speakti
summei
h\ 25 PIA membeis md petitioneis must be membeis of PIA It 1 tmphasi/ed th it petitions foi mj if the atoiementioned jobs ue wanted md not foi tne office ot piesident onlj Petitions ol eiiuli d lies loi ehaiimtn of Wuds AG should be till lied in it this tune ilso with the s line lequuements Petitions will be pissed by tho pi esent PIA bo ud which will choo e two candid lies to lun foi piesident fiom those submitted Cmdidites toi the thiee lemuning positions will be chosen iiom those submit
ting petitions
Monroe Enters Army Air Corps Dl Allen H Monioe piofessoi ot speech it the Umveisit\ who has been commissioned as i Just Lieu ten mt m the Ai my An Coips lelt Tuesd ly alteinoon loi Mi mu 1 loi nil loi pidinunaix tinning He expects to be assigned to the in sti action il coips Pi of Monioe has lictn stivi ig is chaiimm ol the Deputmenl ot I nglish md Speech He is i loiinei picsident oi the National Assoc i lion ol leicheis ol Speech Active in eommiinit7 ifluis Di Monioe idinqiishes his positic n is com munity seiviee membci of the eoun tv w u pi ICC md 1 itioning bond md dll eetoi oi the spe il ei s bin c ui ot the loc il OCD
/ DR
PAUL A RISK
DR
LUTHER A
RISK
DR
HAROLD J
RISK
— DENTISTS-
400
404 Schulte
Bldg
4th and Ma
n Sts
Phone 5701
- —
— —
A postman who lived in New Haven, Said—^“Millions of people are savin’, gThey’ve ''bought Bonds galore. To help win the war. And keep our Old Glory still wavin’.” Your local poat office has a {|'^U*S Savinga Bond or Stamp to fit your budget Get one todayl
. Make Victory Whistles Soyod Sooner! As a civilian you can speed U. S. Victory by / helping conserve everything you own. USE CROWN CLEANrNG SERVICE REGULARITY AND BUY WAR BONDS Crown Laundry
FUSE DRY CLE4NISG
GLT YOUR UNJFORMS AND IQUIPMJNT I ROM Till COUPLETL Sr Lie TION AT DI OCR’S (INDIANAPOLIS) OFFICSAL DISTRIBUTORS
uinif'orm6
Leer'd
FROM THE ARMY EXCHANGE SERVICE Extraordinary values — thanks to Uncle Sam Complete as sortments in a full range of s zes You 11 find our service competent courteous helpful and you III be g von a perfect f t by the alteration and fitting staff of Indiana s largest cloth mg floor You II thoroughly on)oy your m I tary attire from Block s BICIJSI AND IROUSIRS 44 10 BIOUSI BOLGIir SLP \RA7Ln, 12 50 IROUSLRS (PntLs) 1200 LONG OVIRCOAPS 44 10 SHORl OVLRCOAIS (Rccfcn), 29 71 LIASTIOUr SPRVICL CAPS, 1 00 GARRISON (OiLnia\) CAPS, 2 2)
C oiiipiNi Sikchou HART SCHAFFNER & MARX UNll ORMS I OR ARMY AND NAVAI OlllCLRS
]ii) un Sbn I Yir/i S/wi/t Beau B} iiiininll I n \ Alln,ii/ui Raniw( (II I nlil jai hi ts
)ai Ilian Shins I Ioi s/nnn Shot s Swcatds, SocLs I till Line Insii^nia Mill fill) Gifts
THE Wm. H. BLOCK CO. ILLINOIS and MARKET StkEETS — INDIANAPOLIS Mill tilt) Shop — 1 hnd 1 loot