*,1 ,
■ 4
itf- f.
MERRYGO-RPUND * Find British Invading Latin America
-- EDITORIAL , Says Campus Low I On Entertainment ^
Established 188$
Where Is Mussolini?
Volume 56, No. 67
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indian!
Thursday, October 14, 1943
Boilermakers Travel To Cleveland; Senate Elections Name Jack Heinze Will Play Second Conference Game^j President; Louis Fischer, Treasurer With Buckeye Gridders On Saturday PhmFor.NextTermindude
Some hope existedi yesterday afternoon that Stan Dubicki, injured left halfback, may be available for duty at least as a place kicker as the Boilermakers started polishing off its attack in preparation for the renewal of the Big Ten campaign
against Ohio ^tate at Cleveland Saturday.
Dubicki, who injured his knee in the Camp Grant game last
Saturday, had shown sufficient improvement yesterday to warrant the observation by Coach Elmer Burnham, “We m^y be able to use him' as a place kicker if we’re fortunate enough to score a touchdown, but there’^ little chance of his seeing actual game action.” Dubicki’s toe has accounted for points after
Alegandro Martins,
Uruguayan Student, Prof. Phillips Talks* Tells Relations Club To Forestry Club About His Country
On U. S. Scenery
Green Potters Elections
“The people who settled Uruguay were very different from those who settled many of the other South
Professor Robert Phillips, of American countries,” Alegandro the history and government depart- Martins, of Montevideo, Ui’uguay, ment, spoke last Tuesday evening to told a meeting of International Rethe Foi’estry club in room llS^of the lations Club Tuesday evening at
PROBABLE LINEUPS
Purdue Pos. Ohio State tt ■ , • • - Buscemi LE Dugger Horticulture Building. The talk was 7;30 in the lounge of the University Kasap LX Willis natural beauties of the church. “The people who settled my Barwegen LG Miller United States. country were middle and lower Poremba C Appleby Phillips who has travelled exten- class Spaniards who came to make Agase RG .. .. Hackett sively, stated that in his opinion a living by farming,” he continued. Genis RT Thoiitias America is the most beautiful coun- “Other South American counBaumdn RE Souders try in the world if one judges the tiies were settled by upper class Vacailti QB . . Williams beauty of a country by the quantity, Spaniards in search of gold and silStuart LH Sensenbaughei* quality, and variety of its natural ver. This difference in classes had
T.. . - . ^ great effect on our attitude to-
ward democracy.”
T. , , , Gave Political Summary For about 20 years Phillips has ,
been making a study of the opinions Martins, who is a student of agriof globe trotters, lecturers and culture at the University, sum
JACK HEINZE President
AL LINDSKOOG Vice-President
c
Stewart Aniioitnces Feurth Varieties
LOUIS FISCHER Treasurer
WILMA JEAN PALxMER Secretary
Dimancheff .. RH Parks Btttkovich . ... FB . .. MeQuade Time of Game—2 p. m.. Central
War Time.
Place—Cleveland Muncipal Sta-
dium.
Broadcasts — WBAA, Purdue; NBC by Bill Stern.
wonders.
20 Y^rs Of Study
Recent Senate elections have resulted in the naming of Jack Heinze, 6th semester Navy V-12 M. E., as president; A1 Lindskoog, 7th semester C. E., vice-president; Louis Fischer, 7th semestCT Chem. E.
touchdowns following nine of the
By Ruth Wendell
Fourth Victory Varieties with Trio Will Appear Again
bigger and better talent will be held By popular request the adagio treasurer, and Wilma’Jean Palinm; ti’me’. bigger and better talen will be held trio, Martells and Mignon, who have gj.j^ semester Home Ec as secre-
Saturday, October 23, in the Hall of performed on the first Victory Va- tary
Music according to an announce- rieties will again appear.
newspaper men in regard to what marized briefly tne political history j-^ent made by A1 Stewart, director Completing the show will be the they consider the most beautiful of his country. of musical organizations, and the Five Taylor Kids, an acrobatic nosights in the world. He has ques- explained that the political person responsible for bringing the velty act starring five youngsters.
Thomas, the radio ^p people Varieties to the campus.
Campus elections for representatives fi’om the various schools and branches of the seivice now stationed here will be held early next semester. Twelve civilians and eight service men will be selected at that
tioned Lowell Thomas, the
Boilermaker’s 16 six-pointers, and commentator, Louis Blanc, former Uruguay, has been very influen-
he also accounted for a neat field Naivik, Richaid Halli-
goal against Great Lakes.
Heinze is a member of Kappa Sigma fraternity and a Gimlet pledge; Lindskoog is a Reamer
pledge; Fischer, a member of Theta part of the University. Also sched-
They also have a Hollywood con- fraternity, and Palmer, a mem- uled for next semester are the Green
Student Senate plans for next semester include the writing of a new handbook for the benefit of service men so as to make them feel more a
With P'T Stuart moved into left
The cast is headed by two nation- tract to make a picture m January, Alpha Chi Omega sorority Potter elections to name officers for
Unvtnn ,.nr] govcmment of the coun- ally known artists, “Wee” Bonnie Doors of the Music Hall will open Pepper. the freshman class,
buiton, and many othei celebrities ^j,y_ ,pj^gy Dorothy at 7:15 p. m. the night of the pro-
as to what
they considered
beauties of
Local Red Cross Needs More Coeds The local Red Cross surgical
. ing it possible for the poorer people Donegan, piano specialist. gram and the show will begin at 8
halfback spot vacated temporarily to own small farms, and they have Bonnie Baker is well-known for P- m. There wilL be no reserved by Dubicki, Burnham is grooming a world and in what order they should initiated a system of social insur- her popularization of such numbers seats; tickets will be sold for fifty pair of “ponies”. Art Flint, 165 berated. ance that has done much to raise the as “Oh, Johnny”, “Billie”, and cents,
pounds, and Dick Bushnell, 160- Prof. Phillips made a survey of standards of living of the rural peo- “Good Night, Now”, pound 17-year-old, as i-eplace- these opinions and found that the pie. ' Donegan Is Brilliant Stylist
ments. Grand Canyon Was the first on the One of the chief reasons for Uru- Co-starring on the program with
Ward Piggy Lainbeit, who has list of the great scenic beauties in guayan independence was the dis- Miss Baker, Miss Donegan has
been scouting the high-spirited the opinion of most of the globe these country folk for the been heard in Chicago cafe society Ohio State squad, lepoi ted that the trotters. Two-thirds of the rest of domination of the city people of and has played at the Latin Quai^tr
Buckeyes are showing substantial the beauties listed were in continen- Buenos Aires, capital of the Span- for many months. After her UmVer- , . , ,. . . improvement from week to week as tal United States. ish colony. sity appearance she will go to Holly- under the direction of
evidenced by theii battle with Gieat p^jilips ended by describing the In the discussion period which wood to make a picture,
a es. am ei ec aie la m three different types of followed his talk, Martins was Milt Britton and his orchestra,
seen- questioned as to the attitude of his known as America’s craziest band, 5 p. m. Still more coeda.are needed those who ex- country toward Pan-Amei'icanism will also appear on the program, to aid in folding dressings. Begin-
perienced no reaction and who didn’t today. “There is strong Pan-Aineri- and will feature Natalie Kahn as g}yg„ instruction. All wom-
with can feeling in Uruguay, he stated, vocalist. They have just completed
thoughts of financial renumeration, “There is strong Pan-American a picture for Paramount, “Riding
® and those who appreciate and pre- feeling in all the South American Hig\i”, and played last week at the leave their names at the YWCA of-
serve the natural wonder. .countries.” Oriental Theatre in Chicago. fice.
'Hay Fever^ To Open Tonight In Fowler Hall
By Bob Woerner
Ernie Parks, a high school sprint , . ,
, . , TA c 1. 1. Americans toward beautiful
champion, and Dean Sensenbaugh- . . , , , ? ’ - , • 4. r. 4. ery. This included
er, who ran 99 yards against Great Lakes, Ohio State possesses a pair
If Noel Coward attempted to base his play, “Hay/Fever”, upon any real life happenings, he must have had to take a rest cure after he completed the comedy, for no one could actually
Di. Louise Meikle^ IS now woi king gggQgjate with such people as his characters portray without
going completely bats.
The plot centers around the week end activities of the far €rom typical Bliss family and —
in the basement of the Union until
of backs who are touchdown threats c^ feeling in Uruguay, he stated, vocalist. They have just competed their bewildered guests. Each without consulting the OVer-
any time they can get a step in
clear.
The Boilermakers will wind up their preparation for the eleventh renewal of the Buckeye series with an intensive workout this afternoon. The squad of 36 .players will leave here at 4:36 Friday afternoon, arriving in Cleveland shortly be-
fore midnight.
The traveling squad is made up of Agase, Barwegan, Bauman, Buscemi, Bushnell, Butkovich, Butt, Collings, Cycenas, Darr, DeFilippo, Dimancheff, Dubicki, Ellis, Flint, Genis, Haag, Hersch, Hibler, Hoffman, Kasap, Laskin, Lemkuhl, McMillen, Mihal, Milla, Mordoh, Morrow, Ncwill, O’Brien, O’Keefe, Parker, Poi-emba, Plevo, Rose, Schultz, Staak, Stuart, Tetek, Vacant!. Last Chance Today To Take Advantage
Of Lost, Found Sale ,,,,,,,, ,
This calculating board or “net-
Today is the last day for the Lost work analyzer”, as it is more propand Found Sale sponsored by the erly called, is unusual not Jon\y for Student Senate. Many articles were its size and complexity, but for the sold yesterday but the bargains are fact that there are only approxistill numei’ous. Some interesting ar- mately 10 of these electrical devices tides for freshmen are the fifty pots in existence, all 10 being in the at 6 cents apiece and the slide rules United States, at 10 cents apiece. Also included in Housed In Special Room
the sale are winter scarfs, rainhats.
member of the family blithely invites a guest to the house
E. E. Building To House New Calculating Board
By Marion Dunham ' '
Now being unloaded and crowded Csiculflt'ing Boil'd
into the work labs of the Naval electrician’s mates are many unusually large crates of equipment which will make up the “calculating board” which is coming to the University and will be installed in the Electi’ichl Engineering Building. Prof. D. D. Ewing, head of the electrical engineering department, has said that the crates will no doubt number near 200 when all have arrived, and they weigh upwards to 470 pounds and more each. If enough man-power can be acquired, the board will be assembled
in about one month.
\'l'
, there are only ten “network analyzers” and Purdue has one of them.
Room 241 in the Electrical Engi-
neering Building has been waiting wing of the Electrical Engineering are operated from a center table effect of addition of war plant loads of the power companies being set
worked maid.
The sudden immigration into the household results in strained tempers and overworked emotions, but the situation is not unusual and IS taken quite as a matter of course
by the hosts.
The Cast Of “Hay Fever”
Judith Bliss played by Betty
Wedge dynamically heads the fam-
this giant electrical problem-solver 350 simultaneous equations and the jiy^ while practicing her Thespian are the University and seven public same number of unknowns. An- talents upon its members. David Entire power systems of a company swers can be read off directly from Riis.- nlavprl l.v Miltnn TC-mlan can be set up in miniature on the the board. g^r^ggles on wffh his laTest not^ board, and difficulties of the com- Eaton Supervises; Ward, Engineer oblivious of the otheis, until Myra pany can therefore be worked out. j_ b. Ward, who was board engi- Arundel (Elaine Kail) comes along. The entire electrical system of a jiger on the calculating board of Jacky Coryton (Sarah Andrew), city, or even more territory can be the Commonwealth Edison Com- the girl whom he invited to the depicted in exact miniature and pany of Chicago for 2 years and has house is tempoiaiily com ted by his carefully studied, making it possi- t,een an instructor on the electrical son, Simon Bliss (Art Baiab). ble W solve problems which take engineering staff of the University Meanwhile Sandy Tviell (Lester time and man-power ^jil be the board Kessler) grows alternately hot and
aieimno.s- engineer for this room-filling de- cold over Soral Bliss (Jane Grimvice. Contacts with the utility com- nier), the daughter of the household.
The name “network analyzer” panics and joint owners and gener- while'Richard Greatham (Lawrence arises from this fact—that the al supervision of the work on the Nielson) is confused bv the entire board makes it possible to analyze board will be under the guidance of happenings. Clara (Pat Barnett), entne power networks completely. Dr. J. R. Eaton, also a member of the maidr does her best to satisfy Prof. Ewing said that there is at the electrical engineering staff. Dr. the hunger of the fanulv and “-uests least a year’s work piled up now for Eaton has had'many years experi- -with a somewhat meager supply of the board in 70 or 80 important ence in power transmission and was food along with acting as genei-al problems of the power companies transmission engineer for the Con- housekeeper and furnishing infoi-
who are cooperating. sumers’ Power Company in Michi
Problems which are especially gan.
pressing now are such ones as de- A number of students will be able ^on'roendable Job
termination of size of equipment to gain actual experience on the necessary to carry new loads of board by working with the staff
electricity; or determination of the members on the definite problems ggnted a good pioduction m its last
before the opening perfor-
considerable
even with the board and ai-e impos sible to solve without the board.
mation about departing trains.
Although beset with typical dress rehearsal difficulties, the cast pre-
drill
jackets, and gloves at a fixed price far below the original price.
f^lT ^U^n'on^from^T^^to 6°30 this calculating board, and has now get aside as the hoped-for future This board as it is arriving at the equipment necessary to carry these 10 of these boards in the world, tonight at 7 30 p. m. in Eliza ® ® ' been especially prepared for it by home of the predecessor of the cal- University is the largest one in exis- loads. These p'roblems are vital be- experience in its use should be vci-y Fowlei Hall. Kail Cass has done a the installation of an air condition- dilating board, then called “aitifi- tence, since at present it contains cause of the large drain on power ^valuable. commendable job of duecting his
light- cial lines.” seivice companies seiving Indiana, plants made by war factories, such The fin
afternoon.
Faculty Notice 'To Members of the Faculty: The October meeting of the Faculty will be held on Mqnday, October 18, at 4 p. m„ in Room 103,
Physics Building.
A full attendance is expected.
—Edward G. Elliott
President,
nearly 12 years for the arrival of Building was built, room 241 was placed in t|ie middle of the loom, on existing systems, and size of up and studied. Since there are only
the calculating board, and hai been especially prepared for the installation of an air com)
ing system and the latest in iignt- cial lines." seivice companies seiving Indiana, plants made by war factories, such The first calculating boards were fi^-gt play at the University since ing systems. Fills Entire Room Ohio, and Kentuckii.*,xAfter 10 years as the new munitions plants in built about 12 years ago when . ,. j-v, it , . r w These additions were necessaiy Now after 12 years the “artifi- the Univeisity will be the sole own- northern and southern Indiana. One Westinghouse and General Electric ® tu\eisity o isbecause a constant temperature the cial lines” have developed into a net ev. The purpose of the calculating problem requires at least 6 or 8 each built one, G. E. with the help year round in the room housing the work of cabinets which fill an entire boaid is to solve pioblems confront- engineers around 2 or 3 months to of the Massachusetts Institute of Tickets for each performance are board and excellent lights to facili- room. These cabinets are 7 feet ing the public service companies, solve. Technology. Now their use is so im- now 75 cents. “Hay Fever” will be tate correct reading of cui-rents, high, 40 inches wide, and 2 feet deep more cabinets than any other of the To those mathematically inclined, portant that they are constantly be- given at 8 p. m. on Friday, Siiturvoltages, and other electrical quan- and house 8 drawers each, the draw- calculating boards. the calculating Board is like a mir- ing rented by utility companies so day, and Sunday, as well as tonight, titles from the board were needed, ers containing switches. All of this Utility Plant Problems Solved acle because it makes possible the that they can set up their problems The Sunday performance is for serTwelve years ago when the new adds up to 10,000 switches which Purchasers and joint owners of solution of electrical problems with on the boards. vice men only.Purdu&MxporieM
Thursday, October -14; -4943
'Purdue Exponent
combined with
Pliifdtie Ihdejptendenf
Offices: Editorial and Business f’ui'duc Membfial Utiion, PHdhe 4005 SpoffS/ Ficldliopiei Phone 2792 Edifotial Phone After 10 p^ m., 5377
Editor..---Business Matioffpr News fclditor. Mana^ring Editor . . Sports Editors
Ellis Murph. Mary t)ilt ; .....WiUiam 11. Tyso Carolyn Wilhu .tl.iymond J. Smith, Russel! M. Lipet
Publicat'ion Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: Jack Ahbctt, Ruth M. Ford, Madclyn A. Grotnes, dames T. Rich.ardson, Marg'aret V. StclU’S, Jaim Ackerman. , Service Staff: Morris • BcUer. Gabriel Ehas, Leo Friedman Jack Martire, Jay Newman.
Business Staff
Advertisinjr Manager: C. L. Gaunt. Aaeistant Advertising Manager: Belly Maney. Circulation Manager : R. G. Snutrman.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Abbott Ray Editor: RlcfTc' City Editor: Richardson Issue Editor: Mine. Sports Editor: Wright Reporters; Tue.'^bcj'g, B. Gregory, Black; Baync.s, Yargar Richardson. Gan\U. Martin, Margolis, Friedman, Taycnor Donham, Smitbi Rippeloe, Baelzhold. Georgeson, Ogden, Hill Thomas, B. Garber. B. Garber, Hermann, Aspergeson. Staff Photographer: W. C. Tolber
Entered ns second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette, Indiana,- \mder . the act of Congre.ss of March 3, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in. sectior 1103. act of Oc.tol>or 3, 1917. authorized January. 20, 1922 Publi-^hcd on Tuesday. Thunsday and Saturday mbrnines dur-
ing the year, except "certain vacation periods. Delivered daib bv carrier for $1.25 for a semester; by mail for $1.00 for » semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent
office or at the West Desk of the Union.
Represented for national advertising by National Advertis ing Service, Inc.. Golb’ge Publishers Representatives, ; 42\
.Madison Avc., Ncw York, N. Y..
GRIN Al
m
Notes
ly DREW PEARSOH
British Ask U. S. To Open Up Latin America To Their Commerce; |tistice Department Unearth^ New Farbenindustrie Affair WASHINGTON^On top of senatoi’iali revelations regarding British use of Lend-Lease goods, a Secret negotiation regarding further conciessidhs to the British has jAst leaked out. These concessions, now under consideration by the State Department, would permit the British to invade ■: Latin America commercially, the one area so far exeinpted where they cannot benefit directly or ihdirectly from lend-lease. The British would also secure a pledge from the United States not to infringe on British areas of cOTPr petition during the War, and if so, to surrender that trade after the war. • Finally the negotiations would provide that all lendlease be distributed through the most expeditious channels, but not interfere with the established chanfinels of trade. (The British control most of the estab|lished channels of,trade). :
iThe Full Story Is Told
To understand the full story it is necessary to go (back to Sept. 10, 1941, when Ambassador Winaiit and I Foreign Minister Edeii drew up a Lend-Lease White jPaper, which provided, in brief, that Britain would not jxport commercially lend-lease goods or other inatcials released because of Lend-Lease ^except under I ;ertain circumstances, such as if the goods Were needed overseas and not obtainable from the U. S. A,
ies scheduled to visit the cam^.us': Qehefal Electric Co., Schenectadir, N., Vi-^October 22. Interested in Cteniists, ..Gh.E.j M.E., C.E., ' E.E. Sperry Products, Inc,, Hoboken, N. J.—lOCtober 2B. Interested in ME, Eli. . k i. duPont de Nemours & Compafty;: Richmond, Virginia—Saturday,- October l6, Interested in Eh. D. Chemists, Ch. fi.
jti C'l:':'- ■ft-';
“Hon. Spy report sorrows, miseries, travail, unbearable sufferings seewping U. S. Say iiew source of inforiiiatioP in rtidi'o serials in U. S.”
Campus Entertainmehil
Needs New Inspirafionj
Purdue at war is a very.different Purdiu from the Purdue of peacetime. Changes havtj been made . . . rapid transformations. During this speedy metamorphosis the students an([ the University have fallen short in one respect The problem of entertainment is becoming ar ■ ever increasingly,important one. , In some cases the faulb. lies with the ftu dents themselves. Neither are they resource ful in finding enTertainment nor are they taking advantage of that which is already offered For the most i)ai't, however, the diversity oij entertainment already available, compared tc| the eni’ollment of the school, is quite limited. There are different ways in which this problem could be attacked. Some of the suggestions need the guidance of a campus organiza-| tion. Othtu’s need the a.ssistance of the Uni.-| versity. But whatever the type of entertain-| ment, the wholehearted- cooperation of the| students is of most importance. For years students have longed for an informal place to dance—a place where a fellowcan take his date at any time of the clay, to dance to the music of a nickelodeon; as yet this seemingly rather small desire has never been granted. Under the present setup, it is the weekend thaU is causing the greatest concern. There is always the possibility of a show, but a show Friday and Sunday nights, plias a show Saturday night if the couple doesn’t dance, becomes slightly tiring. Another favorite activity, bowling, becomes a little discouraging when it always entails, a two-hour wait. Purdue needs a greater variety of entertainment. With greater variety the long waits at the theater or at the bowling alley would be remedied. Swimming always goes over big. Couldn’t a't least one of the swimming- pools, if not both, be open weekends to accommodate the water lovers? At some schools they have “music-hours” planned and sponsored by music committees. With a program publicized beforehand, more students might better acquaint themselves with the cla.ssical artists as well as with the Music Room in the Union. Many students would give anything for a place to rc/llcr skate—a place within walking or bussing distance. Then there are those who read of horseback I'iding in their Purdue literature preparatory to entering. They come prepared, riding breeches and all, only to find that there are no horses. Those dreams of moonlight rides or early Sunday morning jaunts are shattered soon after their arrival. Occasional weekend barn dances or folk dancing on a Friday night is another possibility. It also might be fun i[o work up Friday night volleyball games with, for instance, the Ka]j]ja Aljjha 'i’heta.s trouncing the GI Betas. Another idea is in the form of a bridge tournament with an evening and a location set aside where bi’idge fiends ccjuld meet and fight it out to the end, whether the end be l(|p. m., 1 ,a. m.,<jr 12 midrright. For outdoor kjvers an active outing club might be just the thing. It is also nice to dream about an ice skating rink like the one at the Univo'sity of Illinois. Many would avail themselve.s of the opportunities of the Puttei’ing Shop if it were open qn weekends and to all students. And for the more intellectual minded, an occasional Forum with a competent speaker included, might sati.sfy a few of their
Almost immediiitely thereafter, this agreement was iuSpended. It ivas then provided that eXpntts were o be surveyed case by case, also that the British were I rec to export their own goods, some of them released jecause of Lfend-Lease, to any part of the British EmI )ire or to Allied countries in the Eastern Hemisphere. In other words, this permitted ordinary British ex^ I torts to Canada, Australia, India and other parts of he Empire, plus virtually all countries in the Old IWorld. Churchill also secured an agreement from the I President that Britain should distribute Lend-Lease n Turkey, and as a result American airplanes how lave the label “Curtiss-Wright” pasted over with the a'bel “Britain Delivers the Goods”. This also meant that the only area where the British I igreed to stay out was Latin America. Recently, however, the British have sent a memo to ;he State Department proposing—r-as stated above— |;q (f) waive the White Paper altogether, which would ipcn up Latin America; (2) agree that the United j States not infringe on established British areas of :rade, or if so, to relinquish them■ after the war; I(3) send Lend-Lease through most expeditious channels, but not interfere with established channels of ! trade. ■
Calendar Thursday, October l4
A|llied Chemical <& Dye Corporatipfi} New York—October 14. Interds(i6k.ih,Ch,E., Chemists, (B.S.) Gljrieral Ahiline & YilM Cbrpdratipp,. Easton, Pennsylvania—Octo-ber-26. Interested in B.S;, Ph.D. Chgmists. Ciiahcfe-Volight Alrfcrdft, Stratford, Conn.—Monday, October 18. Interested in M.E., A.E., Ch.E., Mdt.K ■ f ■ : Shell Development Co., Emeryville, Cal.—October 25. Interested in Physical Chemists, Ch.E. Union Oil Of California, Los Angeles, California—To bfe anhoonefed. interested in -PhiD. Chemists; B;S., MiS.j Ph.p. Cherhical Engirteers. Hamilton Standard Propellers, Division of United Aircraft Corp., E. Hartford, Conn.—To be announced. Interested in M.E., A.E., E.E.,'G.E. ‘ ' Merck And Co.,- Rahway, N.'J.— November ll. Intei’ested in Ch.E., Chemists, (B.S., M.S., Ph.D.)
Sai-a Shively# transferred from St.'lHiizabeihifsjHpspital to the WRH iD^mat|;''k)rtj;Gctpber 8, and was diB£fiaF^ed. 'i|9tn the inSrjnafy on OcLber. - Sgt. Parher Vani’leet,Hiphard Strouse and, Pvtl Beriertlijbb, all ASTP students, iwei‘9 rafifiiijjtdd; 'to the. Hom:e?hospitalv,dh'-?]ii^al|^^ October ,il, :and-Pvt.vAljl*e^':'i^0'tt^^ also ASTP, was dischargedjeri TueS•day.' ■, ‘k;:ryrhvA.v Euniee Van ■ Vrankenvvffe^ihj^a^^ engineering studdnt, ^ jeritfiiredn the WRH infirmary for ti’eatment" nn Saturday, October 9j and-iwps ^’dismissed'on: Sunday.' ; : 'q , Betty Steinecker, , sopHomw^'s'In the home economics school; felt the WRH .infirmary on .Oct.pb9t,;9',;;p,nd Jeanette Treineliri,: Ciiftiss-Wfight cadettb, was adnjitted oh Odidber 11.
We^oti CNm
4:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 8:00 P.M.
Committee on State of Univcl’sity Room 263; Union. American Chemical Society....Room 211, Stanley Coulter Hall Girl Scout Executives.., Room 261> Union Playshop, “Hay Fever”...........,!.:..... .......Eliza Fowler Hall Society of Professional Engineers... Room 263, Union
9:00 A.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
Friday, October 15 ■Farni Security Meetipg.. .....East Faculty Lounge, Union Cohvo—Paul Draper and Larry Adler..................Hall of Music Playshop, “Hay Fever”! .Eliza Fowler Hall
All day 7:30 P.M, 8:00 P.M. 9:00 P.M.
Saturday, October 16 Ind. Hampshire Swine Breeders’ Assn... .Judging Pavilion Playshop, “Hay Fever”.. ; .Eliza Fowler Hall WRH Formal ..: : WRH Coed Bid Dance : ..Ballroom, Union
Paul Draper
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus;- however, they arc interested in students for employment: The Standard Oil Company of Ohio, Cleveland, ; Ohio—Interested in M. E., Ch.E,, E.E., Chemists. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, October 16. Phelps Dodge Copper Products Corporation, Inca Mfg. Div., Fort Wayne, Ind.—Interested in chemists. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, October 16. S. F. Bower & Co., Inc., Fort Wayne, Ind.-—Interested in M.E. Sign by October 16. Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, D. G. Interested in E. E., M.E,, physicists. Sign by October 16,
However, it now looks as if the British would pro|pose wholesale reciprocal lencl-leasp in order to offset icurrent,unfavorable public opinion.
pPafenfs To Germany
The Justice-Department has .fust unearthed a new fand unique case of selling U. S. patents to Germany 5 before Pearl Harbor. In this instance, however, one i important U. S. firm, the clu Ponts, strongly opposed giving the patent to. Germany, while two other firms. General Motors and Standard Oil of New Jersey favored it. In the end clu Pont lost out. The patent in question was for manufacturing tetra-ethyl lead for liigh octane gasoline and was owned by the Ethyl Corporation. This company in turn is owned by Standard Oil and General Motors. In Germany, the Ethyl Corporation had set up Flthyl GMBH in partnership with I. G. Farbenindustrie. And in 19,35, American Ethyl proposed letting its German counterpart have its high octane gasoline patent. Du Pouts, however, protested. They pointed out that Germany wanted the patent for military purposes, that Germany was becoming a dangerous military power. They also pointed out that the U. S. Government frowned on sending these patents abroad. So the Ethyl Corporation consulted the U. S. Army Air Corps, telling the army that the patent-was not secret. Ethyl also said that even if the patent was secret, ail equal or compelling reasonWas tlie widespread property interest the company bad in Germany and that making this patent available in Germany would help the Ethyl Corporation. So the Army said OK. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Companies scheduled to Visit the camps for men in ASTP (Terms 5 and 6) ; NCTP (Terms 7 and 8): Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio^—Thursday, October 21. Interested in M.E., ,C.E., P.S.E., Ch.E.
At its monthly meeting next Wednesday evening at 7:30 p, m. the AIEE will present'Carl G.; killer, of the'Weston Electrical InstraIndnt Corporation, who will give fin illustrated lectui’e entitled “Interesting Features of Indicating Instruments”. Miller, who graduated from Cornell University in the School of Electrical Engineering in 1926 has been woi’kirig with the Weston company for the past 14 years, ahd is fit present the sales engineer ill thb company’s Chicago office. While at Cornell, 'Miller was elected to both Eta Efippa Nu arid Tau Beta Pi. Will Show Instruments In order to Illustrate his*lecture Miller will have with him fin elfiborate set of transparent instruments and a display of many small parts. In addition to the lectrire, a copy of Weston’s “Sketch Book” will be presented to each one atteridirig the meeting.AIEE welcomes all students to attend the riieetlng inclridirig members of the armed forces. All engineering cadettes are also invited to attend.
Bonds
... tap dancer deluxe, who will appear at the corivo tomorrow .evening in the Music Hall.
TODAY -fRI. - SAT.
desires.'. These are the ideas and suggestions of many students. Some might not work. Others might prove very successful. At any rate something should be done when students continually refer to the Purdue campus as being one of the deadest spots on earth. Of course, this statement must be taken with a great many grains ot salt because there are those who, would call a campus dead regardless of the multitude of opportunities. Nevertheless, the general concensus is that improyernents could and should be made. The University, campus organizations and students should be commended for the enter-^ tainment which they are already pi'oviding, such as convocations, student directed shows, plays, and dances. These, on the whole, have been received quite well. The students want to see the continuance of them. But along with the convocations, dances, etc., they want a little more and even go so far as to feel that they deserve a little more. A start towards more entertainment could be in the form of a representative committee of students to investigate the possibilities. There is one thing certain: the question of Purdue entertainment deserves some serious thought followed by action. Perhaps the student body and student organizations would like to voice their opinions on the matter. —c.j.w.
To Combine Talent
net, Handel; Gavotte and Variations, Rameau. Draper III. Malaguena, LecuOna; Minuet in G, Beethoven; Third Movement from Concerto for Harmonica, Jean Berger. Adler
A Re-relcasc —r Plus —
KENNY baker JEFF DONNELL
'Doughboys in Ireland'
- HELD OVERtODAY - FRI. - SAt.
HAPPiESt ENTERTAINMENT YOU'VE EVER SEEN!
EDDiytt BEnEOAViSvOllVIAilBHAVItlftND ERROL FLYNN *J0HN OARFIELD^JOAN iERii lOA LUPINO’* DENNIS MOROAN^T V' ANN SHERIDAN^DINAH SHORE^ALBdS SMIK
O3(or&f\
«IVI .GEQRGE. TOBIAS ^ JAGK GAilSOH - ALAN lillE EOI^ABDEVERETTI10RrOliS.Z,SAKAlL-HATIlEWAll(El .Ml b, OAVIO BUTLER-SRIKE JONES ririi. OITY Sin
Serstn Play by Norman Panama & Moivtn frarili and JameE V.Rar -From ha Originot Story by Evorett'Froomon and Arlbitr ioliwiitl
Iri Lobby!
IV.
Friday evening, at 7:30 p. m. in the Hall of Music, the current convocation series will present a program by Paul Draper, dancer, and Larry Adler, harmonicist. Draper will perform his unique dancing technique, originated by himself. The style is an individualistic integration of ballet and tap dancing. • Adler, noted master of the harmonica who has performed in foreign lands throughout the globe and has made command appearances before several foreign notables in addition to performances with many symphony orchestras iir this coun:try, will entertain on his harmonica with classical and light-classical music. ,
Asturias, Albeniz; Dance Without Music. Draper V.- . ■ Duet: The Blue - Danube, J. Strauss. Draper and Adler INTERMISSION
VI, T'vo Russian War Songs, Arranged by Larry Adler; Fire Dance from Fll Amor briijo, De Faria; Rhapsody in Blue, Gershwin. Adler
VII.
The convocation program will be as follows:
First Movement Yl'om Oboe Quartet, Mozart; Romance for Obe, Schumann; Third Movement from Double Violin Concerto, Bach, Adler II. Fantasia in C Minor, Bach; Min-
Gavotte froim Mignon, Thomas; Golliwog’s Cake-Walk, Debussy; Old-Fashioned Folk Medley, Draper VIII. Duet At Liberty. ' Draper and Adler Admission to the convocation will be by passport. Union efirds, or season tickets. Single admission tickets Will be sold for $1.10. Doors to the Music Hall will open at 6:45 p, m.
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Starring Richard piX Jane WYATT itmm
SATURDAY ONE BaV ONLY
STAGE SHOWS AT l:13-3;28-5:43-7:58-10:I3
/
M
Hr
U' I
' .1
*' 'i> 4 i
Arr^f ISfitt^f M^ftii^ News
%^i^dluy^ &eioier 14^
maim
I^oP ^isirvice Men^ By Service Men
ifilntfiHr iliilliiilrif il
■liUHiiirflfiiiTlflii
dsatii
-^...iwr..«~.»...««r,..
lers Winh&r$
f 'I ^
'''Aftpr due deliberation, Lt. Col. iiicks and Lt. (jbhlmander
Kfegley haye -^iek^d the winners of the Service Men’s Beauty '.^p'pfeAt. Battalion Headquarters of the ASTtJ was the place '|tf, judgin|? and the Colonel and the Comraandeir selected the ^[iden and her three riinnets-up. Thfe anhouheehient of the
w^ll be In the Stihday ^ ^ 'i''"''':
PkRdiifltit hlohg with the hidst IJam kUtti^A fhauUful pictures. 11611 MKM
"111 'brdt§i* to revedl the bhck- i ^0«nd story of each of the jOtOlltl LSUlCdl
yiiung ladies, it will be neces-
gilty for the service men who sub- series of coed r^jtt6d the twleve preliminary canteens will take place Sunday, choices to givfe hs Sortie rtf thfe dc- October 17th, ff6m 2 to 4 o’clofek. ails. This information should in- Those who took part in the first pation and rt^e i^breslWj..facis ^ ot her persohrthty Vl^jih f ^ ^ridWfete in faVor of mote sixch opirtatioh the feirls will get all the pufa- ^artlihlties of Becohilng acquainted ife y t ey eserve. coeds. If service men, who flsira Copies Avaflable ^ > al’e invited to these canteens, atEuttra copies of the Expohfent tend, they are assured of women’s will be available to the men who company and refreshments, submitted the winning pictures The closing time for the canteens while two copies will be sent to each gervice men will preof the four winning girls. All the confusion if they will photographs will be returned and promptly at this time. The thfe service men who submitted then canteens will then lose a tendency rtay call at the Exponent Office on gtudent Senate has h^nday afternoon after 4 p. m. The compiled a list of the sections of
Become A COG
rtfflce is in the sub-basement of the
Union.
Dr. Alma Lonpleded To Journali^% Group
Army, Navy or Marine men which each house is to entertain. The service men will again be invited individually and a list of the invitations sent will be published Sunday
in the Exponent,
The girls enjoyed entertaining the service men and are anxious to
Dr. Alma Long, associate profes- continue the canteens,
sot of home economics education in " the Division of Education and Applied Psychology, has Sbeen elected to honorary membership in the Eugene Field Society, national associatioh of authors and journalists. She has received the honor be-
feadse of her book “Home Health a fall formal from 8:30 to 12 p. m. in and Nursing” which was pubhShed recreation rooms. T/6 Hal Coop-
a few months ago by the AppletonCentury Company. She was infotmed of her election by John
W/iH to Hold Fall .■■Li ^ > -i ^ \ Dance Saturday
Saturday night the residents of Women’s Residence Halls will hold
ermah and his army band will provide the music. Decorations for the dance will be centered around
GfeUrp Hartwig, president of the eornucopia, the horn of plenty. Out-
mrg Noveitiber 9 iviore than 1000 University Students are eligible for the sfeCond Qualifying Test for thfe Army Specialized Training Program and the JlaVy College Program V-12 which ifrill be giveh thi-oughout the countrjf bh Tuesday, Novemhfer 9. The tfe'st will bfe adihiiiistered here at the University and local high schools, Dt. H. H. RfenitherS, dirfectoh of admissions, announced today. To be eligible for the tests onfe' must be between the ages of 17 and 21, inclusive, a recent high school graduate or who will graduate by March 1, 1944. A pamphlet of general information which contains ah ddrtiiSgiort-iderttilicdtion form should bfe ’obtained immediately from Assbciatrt Dean W. A. Knapp in the Executive building."--All Urged To Take Test Arhiy and Navy candidates will take the Same examination, which is demgned to test the aptitude and general knowledge required for thfe program of college training. All qualified students are urged to takfe the, test. Each candidate will bfe given a hhoice of services, but taking the test does not obligate the candidate to enlist in that service. Students chosen for the Navy Program, after selection by the Office of Naval Officer Procurement, will be detailed directly to college. Thosfe selected for the ASTP will, after further screening and basic military training, be sent to college. All expenses, including tuition, food, housing, books and uniforms, will be paid by the Army or Navy. Military discipline will be maintained. The Army Specialized Training Program ahd the Navy College Program enable students to continue academic training at government expense following induction into the armed services. Successful completion of the prescribed courses may, following a further officer training, lead to a commission in the Army or Kavy.
Servicfe men arfe 6x|ierts in disfcuasitlfe efert&ih sfelfect srtbjfefets. Tt®ics ruh frfarti •vyrttrifett to womeh trt woinfeh. Occafeipually a BtrtVe fedul htirtgs Up ’fednlethink radicialljr different likte dbgs. (Did Sbrilfebody say thfete tvas no diifeffeiicfe 1) Hfete at the Univfersitjr, the^vrtriety of subjects is rtilifeh fhbre complete. There’s k Idt of tklk about i^hat’s jibing td hailjifeh aftfet this wat, the coitdrtct df thfe "^^rtr, the ideals for which tvfe’re fighting ahd Sd dn. We knbvt that otlr cohdern With mattefs rtchbse signifibattCe fextehds beydttd our immediate biological reactions is a wholesome sign of thotightfiilhfess. Howevet, many of us have felt that unplahhfed, rtfiled, iittihformefi, casual cracker-bar^l sessions are inadequate. Most of Us comfe ftdm univetsltifes where the discUssidh df current topics was so rife that orte had to bury himself ih ordet to remain Uninfbrmed. On almost eVery day of thfe wfeek some distinguished exponent of a particular attitude to current SOci-ecbhrtmife problems Ufas scheduled to appear before sortie group or other deVbted tb exploring ivbWd drifts. THE COG SEEKS TD SUPPLY OUR NEED IN THIS RESFECT. Doh’t be a thoughtless Cog tossed b;^ sirtister forces. Jbin the Curtfeht Opinions Group. The Current Opinions Group feicpfects td begin functibning hSxt tferm. Our plan is to have a regular fatuity advisor iVho -Urill attend all mefetings, and perhaps act as chaitman. WherteVer possible t^e hbpe to haVe outstanding speakers air their views on live issues. We hope to make this a forum of University opinion. We know that much time, effort and planning will have tb bfe devoted to make this group a success. There will be a variety of topics to chose from. Undoubtedly Such issues as The Pfeacfe, Race DiscHiilinatioh, Equality of Opportunity, The Conduct of the War, etc., will come Up for discussidn. Much time will go into selecting a meetihg place, advertising thfe initial ni^fetings, electing necessary officers* etc. But so essential is such a group to a campus of higher learning that no effort cart be considered too much. We have been toM by many that they are artxious to attend ffifefetirtgs of the COG. Their encouragement makes the Work much feasifer. In dbder to make this venture a success we must have the opinions of a significant number of service men and civilians. Your response to this column will determine whether the COG is organized. We must hear from ydu before thfe coming term. Write either to THE FORUM, c/a Exponent, Mfertiorial Building, or come to the Exponent office ahd leave your name, class and address. All that you need write, if you’re too busy to favor ufe with yoUr comments iS, “I would be interested in attending meetings of the Current Opinions Group.” §ign yoUr name, and give us your address and branch of service. It’s up to you. Let us know. —Pfc. Gabriel Elias.
Sports Staff Predicts Midwest Grid Results
Army Will Exercise Strict CoiitrAf Over Nen^Com Grade Promotions Various Army papers report that stringent controls OYer promotions to non-com grades and establishment of high standards of performance for men already holding stripes are among steps currently being taken by the ASF to cope With the problem of “absorbing surplus non-coms in grade”. The Camp Livingston Communique lists four procedures
issued last week by the ASF
pr. Sears Sd^its On Political Topic At Initial Social Science Seminar
as steps in meeting the situation. In the first place, promotions to new ratings are to be strictly controlled, and linked with appropriate reassignment and placettieht proefedures to utilize the fefervices of nort-cbms now con-
sidered surplus.
New, and high, standards of per-
formance are to be set for all men i holding ratings or receiving
Peace Organizrt ion Convicts
with PolRical Parties was the topic pj thoroughly with these standards
discussed Tuesday night by Dr L.
M. Sears at the first meetmg of the ^ecordance with AR 616-5 of
social science seminar. To a group gg of forty people, mainly faculty r,\ J ™
members. Dr. Sears analyzed prob- Pmally, Technicians 4th Grade able platforms to be presented by upon teraination
the Republican and Democratic
parties in the 1944 election. Discussing first the Republican
election of 1918 and 1919, Dr. Sears said that after the last War, Repub-
of the duty assignment for which appointment to the tech grade was
made.
It was explained that hitherto it had not been very difficult to absorb
srtfeiety.
Presents Experirtiental Material
side
guests will be admitted by
presentation pf programs. ' UCia
Dr, Long presented material m ^ , .... her book which she had obtained in Barb Fischer, social chairman of an experimental study of the the Halls, is in charge of the dance. Achievement of 568 high school stu- committee consists of Betty dents who were studying the home chairman of South
cai‘e of the sick in 30 various Indiana schools. The foreword was writteh by Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology.
Hall, and Dorothy Hansen, social chairman of Wood Hall. '
't
Buy War Bdhds
. . , social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: Don McMillan, president; Jim Richardson, vice-president; Wilbur Rodenburg, treasurer; Peter SguI'os, pledge marshall; Peter Georgeson, social chairman; Brent Ander-
son, rush chairman.
IN THE ARMED
BULLETIN
SAFEGUARD YOUR MGNEY
Itihfete’s one sure way to safeguard your cash, and that iS-with AMERICAN kKPRkSS TRAVELERS CHEQUES. You not only have spendable money, t|ut in addition SAFE MONEY, for if lost or stolen, their value is refunded
Id full.
, .Issued in denominations of $10, $20, $50 and $100. Cost 75fi for each llOO. Minimum cost of 40^ for $10 to $50. For sale at banks and Railway R^pTe^s Offices. 4^ AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES
All Servicemen: There will be a special presentation of “Hay Fever” in Eliza Fowler Hall Sunday afternoon at 2:30 instead of 7:30 Sunday evening as previously announced. Admission may be obtained upon presentation of a service card.
Listen in to CHEQUB YOUR MUSIC • Station WENR Popular Votal and Orchettral Hits • 890 on Your Dial TUeSDAY and HKIDAY—9:15 P. M.
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Main
Lafayette
Phone 7917
A smoke-filled office, clattering typewriters, a crunch of crackers; all signify another day of work for the staff of the sports page. Add to that a rainy day and we have the setting for a good bull-session. Of course, as we are naturally interested in sports, our attention centered on the coming Ohio State, Riveter tilt. Out of all the pro’s and con’s the following opinions were stated as final. How accurate they are only time will decide, but we of the staff think it’s worth passing on to you, the reader. If the reader thinks a weekly prediction column is wanted, let us know. Warren Wright: Against the strong veteran Boilermaker line the young Buckeye team should not be able to score more than one touchdown. The Boilermakers should be able to roll up four touchdowns, making the score 26 to 6. Paul Garber: Ohio State, after it’s defeat by Great Lakes last week, should prove to be a very determined foe, but our experience and superior reserves should swing the balance in our favor; score 26 to 13. Marc Ogdert: If weather is good, I look to see a high scoring game, with the Boilermakers winning by three touchdowns. I look to see end runs mostly, as the Buckeyes will avoid going through our line. Score: 39-20. Steve Thomas: Judging from past performances of both teams, I don’t believe the Riveters will be crowded on the
scoring end. Boilermakers should takfe this one by a score of 27-13. Bill Garber: Fi’om its past performances, the Buckeyes have shown one very noticeable weakness, that of pass defense. Again, their line, inexperienced, young, cannot compare to the seasoned Boilermaker congregration. Ohio State, with their two freshman speed merchants. Parks and Sensahbaugher, should be able to garner a couple of touchdowns, but the Boilermaker edge in experience and “Touchdown Tony” should overcome them, 32-13. Consensus: Looking further, the staff decided as they are already sticking their necks out, to attempt to predict ^le remainder of the games to be played in the Midwest. Here they are: At Champaign, Illinois should take the Pittsburg Panthers, 19-6. At Iowa City, Indiaiia should take Iowa, 20-13. At Minneapolis, the Camp Grant Wai'riors should nose out a fighting Minnesota team, 19-13. At Chicago, the Great Lakes team should defeat a strong Northwestern team, 14-13. This should be a game worth seeing. ^ At Madisfen, the Notre Dame team should defeat the Wisconsin Badgers going away, 54-7. At St. Louis, a strong Iowa Seahawk team should easily defeat the Missouri Tigers, 27-6.
lieans discovered that isolationism non-com personnel because paid and owed twelve years of their continuing expansion of the power to that fact. However, in activation of new
1940 with some stroke of genius
the nomination fell into the hands With the mobilization phase conof Willkie, a mail of political “it”, sidered as nearing its ehd, howeker, and one not so inclined to folloiv and -(vith the strength of the Army fanatical isolationist Republicans, rapidly becoming fixed, consideraand the next election will present ble difficulty is being experienced in an entirely new side to the party, placing surplus non-coms. Republican internationalism, much New service developments: Forchastened. mula 612—a new chemical repellent Democrats Forced To Fight to ward off malaria by keeping mosDemocrats will be forced to fight Qaitoes away. It s a colorless liquid, hangovers of Wilsonian principles, ^ith no unpleasant odor, uninjuriand have been fishing for one hero either personnel or material, after another. First it was the great ckeap, able tb stand up under all Democrat, Jefferson, to whom they *^inds of storage conditions—and it built a $3,000,000 monument; then keeps insects far, far away . . . the great Democrat, Andrew Jack- “Ten in one” a packaged field rason, who fought banks and now it is ^ issued Roosevelt fighting public utilities, instead of the one man “K” ... A Any platform chosen by the party new non-corrosive carbine cartridge will be less vigorous than Heniy '^hich leaves a protective deposit in Wallace would want. But there has the bore and cuts down greatly on been no hint yet that the Democrats the need for cleanings, and New Dealers will abandon their Details of an electrically coninternationalism position for the trolled robot pilot, said by the Army 1944 election. Wilson’s principle Air Force to be one of the factors will be official but under a new name, responsible for successful Americah perhaps Churchill or Roosevelt. raids in Europe and Asia, have just Two Political Dishes been released, after having been To the voter of 1944 two dishes kept secret for two years. The diswill be presented, both acceptable, closure is made only in view of the One will be the internationalism of ^^ot that the enemy is now aware the Atlantic Charter, with the so- of the device. The Selman Field called four freedoms, and a veiy True Drift describes the autopilot.
acceptable foreign policy. The Republicans will offer a moderate variation between Willkie and McCormick ideals.
as it is called, in its current issrte. Its function is to take over the pilot’s course on bombing missions to the extent of holding the plane on
Like all political discussions. Dr. a designated course without waverSears was confronted with much mg. The supersensitivity of the deopposition from comments he had vice holds it on the course despite made, and a very fiery discussion cross currents, wind variations and among the faculty followed. In fact air blasts from exploding anti-air-it took almost a half hour to calm craft shells. the political fires for adjournment it is especially useful in high altlof the meeting. tude bombing, where very precise
calculation and a steady platform are essential. The slightest deviation in either may result in a miss magnified to several hundred yards. The robot pilot is compared, in this function, to the tripod used in ground fire to steady weapons.
Ceres
Maj. Anthony Recovering In Walter Reed Hospital Major Thomas C. Anthony, C.E.
^3, was recently decorated with the Ho;“'ver,"i‘t is'much "steadier be
Purple Heart. He is now recovering in the Walter Keed Hospital in
Personalize Everything Yourself! , , •, and in Practically No Time. Metallique Initials
1#
Each Initial
J j--'. a few of the uses: o for rcmpacts o for dresior seto o for ctalioncry 0 for Rsh trays o for 1 eilctn o fer cifaictte
I 9 for military brushes 9 for key cases 9 for books b for feaitiferas 9 for luggage
Ji-3t n-.oiGten the back of these dunning gold colored initials-— they slitk fo metal, wood, paper, plastic and many Othtejf surfaces. Can be easily removed if you like—!drtd will'not'defies surfaces used on. 4 styles,
Available in the Artshop—At the Jewelry Counter At the Cosemetic Shop, the I\otion Counter and in Our Housewares Shop
FRATERNITY BULLETINS Invitations, Fraternity Letter Hfeads and Envelopes — Paper Towels, Toilet Paper—Typewriter Pffeper—50c the ream LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY Phone 7828 511 Ferry Street
AMERICAN HEROES
15'. I H I'
. . , and the Agronomy Department are sponsoring a tour of the Soils and Crops farm tomrtrrow at 4 p. m. for members of Ceres, Agronomy men and the freshmen class in the school of Agriculture. Starting point is in front of Agriculture Hall and transportation will be furnished. Following the tour will be a softball game and a wiener roast.
cause the electronic control makes for greatly increased precision. In describing the device, Arthur
. , , , M. Wilson, vice president of the ruary Major Anthony received the Aeronautical division of the Minne-
Washington of wounds suffered in the Sicilian campaign. Last Feb-
Silver Star for gallantry in action in the North African campaign.
apolis Honeywell Corp., its manufacturer, recalled the cas eof a B-24
The citation accompanying the that flew 2000 miles after all aboard
latter decoration stated that he displayed remarkable initiative and leadership ability under fire, and resourcefulness in placing the battery in position and reorganizing a 300 yard verbal command chain to relay commands to the battery.”
High on a Tunisian cliff a Free French soldier lay wounded. A litter squad started up. Enemy bullets spatted against the cliff. The squad went on. In a whining hail of lead they brought their ally down. For that exploit Stuff-Sergeant Roy L. Bates of Fairfield, 111., and Privates Ilobett Branscuin of Delta, Ky., Anthony P. Coll of Johnstown, Pa., and William B. Griffiii of Sylvester, Texas, won Silver Stars. They deserve your War Bond backing.
You gotta do right, so She’ll see the light, on that meihorahle night, of the wkH formal.
Get Your Corsages Early
527 Main Street
Phofte G451
had jumped, some time before, to cite a case of its efficiency. Keilholz Will Address Agricultural Staff F. J. Keilholz will address the agricultural staff of the University on “The Food Situation in England” Monday noon at a luncheon meeting in the Wesley Foundation Building. Keilholz has just returned from England where he spent several weeks studying the food situation with the British Ministry of Information. A graduate of the University Agricultural school in 1929, Mr. Keilholz was on the publicity staff dui mg his senior year and for some months after his graduation. Fi'om here he went to the University of Kentucky to do similar work, going from there to the University of Illinois wheie he was the agricultural extension editor. Mrs. Keilholz also graduated from the University iiv 1920, from the school of Home Eco-
nomics.
Buy War Bonds' '‘ ■ ; i“’ ■■ . 4
\ ^ lif,'-
Boilermaker Sports ;
Thursday, Octolter 14, 19^* '**
Boilermaker *B’ Squad
To Play Initial Game
Grandstand Echoes
By Ray Smith
Coach Claude Reeok announced today the starting team that will meet Culver Military Academy. This meet will be the first that the “B” team will participate in during this season. Xavier at Cincinnati and Bunker Hill Naval Air Station scheduled on October 23 and November 6, respectively, will be future
matches.
The majority of the team is made up of former high school and college stars who have
been playing with the varsity.
Lougheed, starting guard, who ■ "s/y/ *^“iv?V.I.5
has been playing with the var-
sity this year, came here from October 18 For
Ball State with the V-12 unit.
While at Ball State he won his let- D^ ter playing varsity ball with the f I# ST I I wCtlCw
team, who were incidently, Indiana
Conference Champs. Porter, also a Coach Lambert announced that guard, played last year with the basketball practice will begin MonIllini freshman. Lindner, tackle, has d^y> October 18. He urges all men played with Cincinnati. Huntington who have experience to report at the played three years of high school Fieldhouse at 4. ball with the Oak Park High School “Piggy” believes there is plenty of Chicago. of material on the campus. Kennedy Well Balanced Team and Friend, both members of last At Culver, they will meet a tough, year’s Riveter team, are back and very well balanced team, the mem- should be right in there playing bers of whom have been playing to- again this year .Two members of the gether for some years. This will be football team, Vacant! and Elliot, a decided advantage over the Rive- have had previous experience and ters contingent, who have only this are expected to turnout for the week been working out together, team. MacPherson from Greenfield having previously been scrimmag- will be a leading candidate for the ing against the varsity on the va- center position., rious reserve teams. The starting The schedule for the 43-44 sealine up: son has not been announced as yet; LE—Stultman however a very good set of games is
LT—Lindner expected.
LG—Lougheed C—Huntington
RG—Porter RE—Steshko ^
LMekuskas piavotts uncjerway;
ABOUT dUR CHEER LEADERS A subject that we have neglected sadly, but one that is still not too late to ^y something about, is that concerning the cheer-leading situation here at the University. Following the first home football game, we heard comments as to why the cheer leader^ had not used this yell, or that one. We don’t know just how many jpeople realize it, but when the spbject of pep sessions and rooting sections was first broached, it was discovered that the only remaining person on the campus who was familiar with the Boilermaker yells was Hilda Gettingers, a cheer leader from last year. About this same time, a young man in the AST unit hei’e, Nello Monarch!, by name, volunteered to do what he could in organizing the cheerlading squad. It seems as though Nello was to have been head cheer leader at Ohio State this year, but the army had' other plans for him, and as a result he landed here on the Boilermaker campus. As far as Nello was concerned, the Boilermaker yells were just a series of words on a piece of papei’. He did not know which were the favorite ones nor just how leaders in the past had led their following. In other words, he was not familiar with the Boilermaker technique, and Hilda was the only person around who could give him any real assistance. Put yourself in Nello’s shoes; imagine yourself trying to lead a crowd at some strange school or trying to ti’ain a group to lead this same crowd. ' Truly a difficult situation for anybody to face.
Pep Session Sunday To Welcome Squad At Big Four Station
teen, service men and coeds will include in their program for the afternoon’s entertainment a - trip to the station about rally time to welcome the Riveter grid squad.
Next Sunday afternoon, the Big Pour Station will present a spectacle of enthusiastic merriment if plans formulated for the Meet the Team rally go through, according to Mary Lou Sternberg, of the pep session planning committee.
Further announcements will reveaLthe time of the rally but all the trimmings are expected to welcome home a once more victorious group of Boilermakers. As a new twist to the Coed Can-
Nilo Monarehi and the yell leaders will be on hand to lead the reception an(T bring the team back in style. “The mascot will be on hand without fail,” stated JAck Swantz, Reamer president, “since mechanical difficulties have been eliminated.’.’ j Due to a policy held by Prof. P. S. Emrick head of the University bands, difficulty will be encountered in obtaining the band for the rally, stated a member of the planning committee. The policy requires band students to be present at only functions in the regularly scheduled events, thus excluding Sunday’s
rally. Howeifer it is hoped, said t^ie^ committee member', that band ihlJlsiciafis will realize their obligation tp the student body and will volunteer' as a group to lead the welcoming procession and subsequent enthusiasm. “It is thought/’ he said, ‘‘thatsince the-band will not take thd originally planned trip to Clevteland, they will consider the Sunday fhlly their part in the winning oi the' game.”
Notice Basketball practice will JBtart Monday, October 18, at 4 Ip. m. Candidates will be required to furnish their own equipment until a squad is formed. —LAMBERT.
Try An Exponent Classified!
GOOD WORK, NELLO MONARCHI In our opinion Nello and his charges deserve a lot of credit for the work that they have done. Nello has shown a terrific amount of enthusiasm for a man not truly loyal to the team that he is cheering. On the whole the cooperation from the student body and members of the armed forces has been very good; but at the next appearance of this hard working group, let’s give them our whole-hearted support and trj^ to make their job a little easier. P. S.: We too have been wondering just what happened to the “card sections” that were planned for the home games, but we have been informed recently that it was impossible to procure the various colored cards.
MARQUETTE ON NOV. 13? According to last night’s Chicago Daily News, Marquette has had their Nov. 13 grid game with the Navy ATTC at Memphis, Tenn., cancelled and the Hilltopper officials are dickering with the Boilermakers to play a return engagement here on that date. This would fill in the gap left when Michigan State cancelled their entire schedule.
RH—Lewis FB—Byrd
Need For Swimmers
With two months of practice behind the swimming team, there is still a need for divers and breaststrokers. Since the team will have approximately two months before the first meet, there is still time for experienced swimmers who wish to go out for the team, to receive enough practice. The following men have been picked fr6m the Intra team meets to participate in the various swim styles: sprinters: Knotts, Parry, Samlon, Leach and Kann; back strokers: Woolverton, Cumming, and Haynes; breast strokers: Barnard and McMullen; distance: Hansel, Lyon, Lawson, Brogon, and Kendrick; divers: Bower and Mcgirr. All men who have had experience in swimming are urged to tiirn out for practice at 4 p. m. throughout the week.
Notices
Tennis and baseball are the main activities now being run by the Intramural Office. A basketball tournament is being planned but as yet no definite plans have been made. In the All Campus Tennis Singles contest, Morgan and Rotan are to play for the championship. In the semi-finals Morgan beat Anderson 6 to 1 and 6 to 4. Rotan surpassed his opponent, Jaeckel, 6 to 3 and 6 to 4. This final match will be played as soon as possible and an award will be presented to the winner. The 1943 fall baseball is about winding up to a close. The Fraternities have eliminated all but nine teams which are participating in the finals. Last night the first of the eliminating games were played and the rest will be played as soon as weather permits. ■ L In the Ward softball playoffs Owen and Circle Pines will play for the 1943 Fall Championship. This final game will be sometime this week or the first of next week. In the Semi-finals last Monday night Owen beat Rochdale 29 to 1, Evens, the Owen’s pitcher, pitched a hitless ball game. Circle Pines beat International House 2 to 0. Bailey was the winning pitcher.
SPUTTERINGS Irv Swanson, captain of last year’s Indiana basketball team, has just been commissioned in the quartermaster corps. . . . Two other members of the squad, Dick Wittenbraker and Warren Lewis, have been returned by the army to I. U. . . . The Riveter-Buckeye encounter is listed as the top gridiron battle in the midwest this week end. . . . Predictions on the game are giving the Riveters the edge, although the Tribune yester(lay„ morning forecast a possible upset. .. . We’ll take the Boilermakers by two touchdowns. . . . The October 16 issue of “Football News” carries the pictures of John Genis and Mike Kasap. . . . 87,000 paid spectators plus 3,000 employees viewed the Michigan-Notre Dame game at Ann Arbor last Saturday. . . .' The UP is still a little mixed up on the Riveter-Camp Grant game. They are still giving Sam Vacant! credit foi the first touchdown which was actually scored by Stan Dubicki. ... On Saturday, the “B” team will travel to Culver Militar5'' Academy for their first game of the season.
Seventh Term MB’s and AE’s: It is time for you to begin having employment interviews. Secure the following material from Miss Hacker in the ME Office: 1. Interview procedure sheet: 2. Company IKt; 3. “Request for Interview” cards ; 4. "Confidential Faculty Recommendation” form. Watch bulletin board and Exponent for interview notices. —BOLZ
Prof. Leila R. Gaddis, state leader of home demonstration agents at the University, has designated the home economics extension office, room 120 of the Agricultural Experiment Station Annex, as headquarters for the collection of discarded white shirts. These will be 'made into hospital shirts. Miss Gaddis says that many of our wounded and sick boys are being brought back from the front and placed in hospitals here in the state; hence, there is a great need for hospital shirts. She adds, “If you have white shirts not now in use, bring them to room 120 sometime before October 20 and the home economics extension girls will
cut off the collars and cleeves, bind them, and even patch them if necessary. The buttons will not be used, so keep them for your own use.” A sample hospital shirt of this type is on exhibition in the home economics extension office. “A gratifying response already has been made to this request,” says Miss Gaddis, “and every contribution will be appreciated.”
. . . assistant professor of Home Administi’ation, was in Evansville Tuesday to take part in a nursery school training program sponsored by the state committed for the care of children in wartime; as a part of the Child Defense Council.
Univereity Club: Membership dues for '’43-’44 are payable to secretary-treasurer now. Membership cards must be shown at all meetings. —BUTZ
To J. R.
Students: Any student who wishes to woik for the Registrar during the registration for the November Term, November 5 and b, 1943, will please leave his name at the desk in the Registrar’s office. —STONE
Attention, Advanced M. T.’s: If you purchased an August. 1943, Debris, please come to the Debris office to receive your copy. • —GRAUMLICH
Alpha Chi Rho: All service men who were members of the Alpha Chi Rho fiaternities on other campusses are requested to call 46483 before Saturday, October lb, —HOLMES
Modern Dance: Will not be held Thursday, Oct. 14, because of the plav, “Hay Fever”. —MORTON
Aeromodelers: Peregine, Bolls, Du Waldt, contact me. Phone 35202. —CRIST
Theta Taus: Notice to all Theta Taus on campus. Call chapter house before Friday, Oct. 15. Phone 6028. —KEYSER
Dolphin Club: Meeting of actives Thursday, Oct. 14, in room 104 of the Fieldhouse at 7;15 p. m. , —MURPHY
Classified
Ads
Typewriters: Adding maenmes, ail makes •old, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia.
J. R. McWhorter, junior chemical engineer, was awarded the American Institute of Chemical engineers key and ceitificate for the highest scholastic rating obtained during his first four semesters. Prof. R. N. Shreve, of the chemical engineering staff made the award at the first AICHE meeting of the year held in the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering Building last night. McWhorter’s cumulative inde.x for the four semesters was 6.07. Speakers of the evening were Dr. J. L. Bray, head of the school, whose topic was “Cooperation” and Pi'ofessor Shreve who spoke of the importance of professional societies to the engineering student. Dr. E. F. Degoring enlivened the occasion with one of his stories. Movies and I’efreshments completed the program. Plans for a November meeting of the AICHE have been made according to Pj'ofessoi' Shreve at which Kail Minor, the outstanding chemical engineer of the midwest will speak.
Wanted—Purdue studontb to work Thurnday and Saturday eveningh as waiters. Exp( nence not noces.saiy. Good pay and bhoit houns. Elkb Club. Apply Frank Lenihan.
Glenn L. Jenkins
Wanted—Student to work ai5 waiter in fraternity house, 17 hourb per week. Call Bub Allen, 2390.
Lout—Brown billfold, important papers and money C H Gray, Kalamazoo, Muh. Reward. Cali b482.
ijbui—A fingertip coat, light tan with iid plaid lining. MaiK on coilai is “COCHRAN". Please call 2390 if found Loat—Jn vicinity ol Union, daik gif(n Waterman evershaip Rewaid Cali 5.5237 after 5 p, m,
. . . ol the Pharjnacy School, will si)eak tonight before the University Cha])ter of Sigma Xi on “Sex Hoi'mones” at 7:30 in I'oom 211 of Stanley Coultei Hall. Dean Jenkins is pjesident elect of the Amei'ican Association of Colleges' of Pharmacy, and i,*- the author of a new edition of the textbook, “'fhe Chemistry pf Oiganic Medicinal Pioducts.”
Are we in the groove? Ask any co-ed who spends her clothes budget at ... .
"THE FASHION”
So if its Sportswear you need . . . This is all you have to read ^
• SWEATERS 3.50 to $ 6.98 e SKIRTS $ 3.98 to $ 7.98 • BLOUSES $ 2.25 to $ 5.98 • SUITS ^ $12.98 to $16.98 • SPORT JACKETS $ 8.98 to $14.98 • RAIN COATS $ 7.98 to $ 16.98
"College Sho[)’’ MAIN FLOOR
morale-bnilding smartness . . . confidence-buildinq quality
HOLLV
yiTS
ALL WOOL DE LUXE $35.00
This smart style originated in Hollywood, and has captivated the entire country. It's a little broader in the shoulders, and somewhat fuller at the chest, to flatter your figure.
Choose yours — expertiy taiiored of neat Tweeds and Paca-Moors — in herringbones or diagonal pa'tterns. You'll agree it's a remarkable value . . '. made possible when 673 stores combine their purchasing power under the Clipper Craft Plan. You get the savings of Modern Production methods, and National Distribution, at Maintained year 'round Prices.
Come in soon — Enjoy Clipper Craft quality plus our usual expert, courteous service.
HART SCHAFFNER & MARX Clothes, $45.00 up GEISLER’S VARSITY, $35.00 up
,4 n
If'