%'
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Generly fair today and tomorrow. Continued cool.
Purdue Exponent
Alumnus Will Correlate Tryjtees Award Contract For New Activities. Scholarship ^g|| Excavation. Foundation
Green To Open Meeting Of Isf Leadership School
Addressing the first meeting of the leadership school tonight at 7:15 in the Union Ballroom will be Stanley Green, EE '18, and prominent Lafayette business man. At the University Green was president of PAA and the YMCA, a member of varsity debate team and Little Theater, business manager of the Exponent, and a member of both Tau Beta Pi and Eta Kappa Nu, honorary fraternities.
Upon 'graduation he was made secretary of the Purdue Memorial Union Association and had an active part in its founding, after which he was appointed secretary of the Alumni Association. At present Green is vice-president and chief engineer of the Duncan Electric Meter Company of Lafayette.
Activities and Jobs Green will point out the pai’allelism between business and school activities, trying to show the importance of making good grades along with practical knowledge gained in activities yfork. He will speak on “Activities M^agement.”
The school is being~^ponaoi’ed by the Activities Bureau at the request^ of activities leaders in order to better train the leader* already in activities, as well as those who aspire to such positions. All those who are interested in either University or fraternity and sorority work are urged to attend the school.
Cheerleaders Visit Houses, Halls; Give New Yell Practice
Striving for new power in the Boilermaker yell section. Cheerleaders Bill Dunshee, Bill Delmer, Bill Alexander, Johnny Goll, Johnny Zuck, Joe Heckman, Dick DeGarmo, Louie Campbell, Block Blocker, and Bob Abel, under the leadership of Stubby Meier, head cheerleader, have called on fraternities, sororities, and residence halls during the past days giving instructions in Purdue yells.
Practice in the correct rendition of the cheers is the objective of the campaign. In addition to the regular yells, special attention is given to the new “skyrocket” ending to the Boilermaker yell. The correct version is now: “Whistle, boom, ahhh, Pui-due!” A new yell, the “Purdue Battle Cry,” will be used at Saturday’s encounter:
Fight on, Purdue, We’re all for you. Fight, Purdue, Fight, Purdue, Fight, rah, rah, rah!
This yell is taken from the song, “Purdue Battle Cry,” written by 0. K. Quivey, Ag ’17. Although independent and co-op houses could not be reached this week, they will be visited and given cheering instructions before the Indiana game, according to Meier.
R^strar Urges Check fin Directory By Od. 22
Speaks Today
Pep Session Scheduled For Tomorrow At Stuart Field
Band To Lead Rooters In March From Village
Starting from the village at 7:15 tomorrow night, the Military Band will lead a march to Stuart field for the traditional homecoming pep session and bonfire.
Union Will Operate Information Bureau
Stanley Green, who will open the first meeting of leadership school today. Green was graduated from the University EE school in 1918 and is now chief engineer and vicepresident of the Duncan Electric Meter Company in Lafayette. At school he was prominent in activities, being business manager of the Exponent during his senior year.
The pep session, around a huge bonfire built by Skull and Crescent, will be marked by speeches from alumni, coaches, and various members of the team. In former years various organizations have carried appropriate signs and banners and Carl Swan, president of Gimlet, which is co-sponsoring the affair, expressed the idea that they would be in order again.
“An information bureau, for returning alumni will be operated by sophomore Union workers during Homecoming week-end,” stated Union vice-president John Richardson, yesterday.
This information desk will operate in the main foyer of the Memorial Union Building, where the sophomores will answer any questions of alumni and will be available as guides.
Meredith Club Sees Effect Of Posture
Gimlet, Reamer, Gold Peppers, and Skull and Crescent, who are handling all arrangements for the ^ession, urge all students to turn out and show the alqmni that spirited pep sessions are not a thing of the past.
Operating time of the bureau, which in former years has aided many old grads in orienting themselves with changes on the campus, will be from 4 to 6 p. m. tomor* row and from 8 a. m. until 1 p. m. Saturday.
“You can’t get away with the new clothes if you don’t pay attention to your posture” said Miss Marian Willoughby of the clothing and textiles department at the Virginia C. Meredith Club program yesterday aftei’noon. Purpose of the program was to explain what effect posture has upon the appearance of clothes.
Beveridge Speech Contestants Enter Final Round Today
Activity Sophomores Will Organize Tonight
Miss Willoughby showed an old ^’ashioned hoop skirt and remarked: “I doubt if the hoop skirt will last because this is too hurried an age.” Caryl Kepner modeled a black velvet formal showing the modern version of the hoop skirt. The Carpenter twins illustrated good and bad posture. Margaret Mitchell modeled an authentic 1868 bustle dress, and Thelma Rougher, wearing an afternoon dress, showed the correct posture for the modern girl. Before the program Martha Moorhead conducted the club in a short business meeting. Catherine Cooley and Marie Spiker were named delegates to the state home economics convention, today, in Indianapolis. Nina De Witt described the national convention which was held in Pittsburgh last June.
Eliminating 14 speakers in the semi-final round of the Beveridge Speech Contest held in University Hall yesterday, the judges selected D. Hedden, F. C. Etter, R. J. Todd, F. G. Belles, J. H. Strange, L. Standish, and I. Smulevitz to continue into the final round today.
Sophomores interested in the Activities Bureau will meet tonight at 4:30 for the first organization meeting in the reception room of the Union Building. This will be the last chance for interested sophomores to sign up for the newly established activity. Leon Jacobson, director of the Activities Bureau, will address the sophomores, and introduce officers of the Activity Bureau to the group. Primary organization will be taken care of at this time.
The finals will be in the Home Economics Auditorium tonight at 7:30, as these seven boys vie for the Hayes and Ankeny cups, a place on the freshman debate squad and a chance to speak in the Hanley contest. P. E. Lull, director of forensics, will 'announce the prizes. Judges for the finals will be C. T. Hazard, of the mathematics department; Rev. W. R. Graham, and Professor Schlanger, of the speech department.
Helen Jepson To Appear At Convo
Tau Kappa Epsilon..
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Delmar James, Crawfordsville; Thomas Sly, Decatur, 111. and Eber Smith, South Bend.
Helen Jepson, famous Metropolitan Opera soprano called by critics the most beautiful woman on the lyric stage, will sing a program of arias at the second convocation of the year next Monday and Tuesday in Memorial Gymnasium starting at 8 p. m. Because of her great popularity. Miss Jepson will be heard on two nights, freshmen and seniors to be admitted on the first night and the sophomores and juniors at the second performance. Passports will be necessary for admission.
Purdue To Have Largest Accoustically Designed Auditorium^ Says Prof. Emrick
University directory galley proofs are available for inspection at the desk in the Memorial Union, at the reference desk in the University Library,.^ and on the Bulletin Board in the Executive Building. Each student is requested to note and check the correctness of his own name, address and telephone number, and report errors or omissions to the Registrar’s Office in person. All such con actions should be made before Saturday, October 22, 1938,
By R. A. Spraker One million, one hundred thousand dollars worth of construction, starting this week with a cavernous hole in the sod behind the Executive Building, will result within a year in what Professor P. “Spots” Emrick confidently declares will be “the largest accoustically designed auditorium in the world.” Designed by the same French engineer who planned New York’s Radio City Music Hall, Purdue’s huge 7,500-seat theatre includes every jagged line of wall and ceiling, every block of sound-absorbing material which the experience of Radio City has proven necessary for perfectly balanced hearing in every seat in the audience, as well as allowing every musician on the stage to hear every note played on his own instrument. Uses Executive Building Using the present facade of the
Executive Building for its main enhance, and connected to it by a bridge, the “house” will include a pear-shaped main floor area, a 100foot wide balcony, and a gallery, all equipped with upholstered, permanent seats.
Of cantilever construction, the balcony will require no pillars for support even though it will overhang the main floor by 50 feet. The width of the main floor area will be 190 feet. Walls and ceiling will be broken and sloped in modernistic lines for maximum sound absorption.
In front of the 100-foot wide stage will be a 60-musician orchestra platform supported like a barber chair on hydraulic lifts. The ^age itself will be divided into two areas, the flat, 50-foot-wide acting area and back of it a semi-circular band shell large enough, according to Profes-
Kemmer’s Bid Of $26,800 Is Accepted; Board Approves Faculty Appointments
University trustees today awarded the contract for excavation and foundation of the new music hall and auditorium to A. E. Kemmer, of Lafayette. His bid of $26,800 was the lowest " by $2,080 of the four received.
Frosh Counselors To Receive Rating Charts At Meeting
Meeting today at 4 p. m. in the second floor lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall, 200 freshman counselors will be given personality rating questionnaires which the freshmen they counsel have taken. The counseling system was inaugurated this year through the personnel department of the University and consists of 200 seniors who have volunteered their services to help the freshmen over the obstacles of their first year. Thirteen hundred freshmen in the .science and engineering schools are under direct supervision of one of these counselors, who meets with them and discusses their problems.
Consisting of a self-analysis of personality including matters of honesty, industriousness, appearance, judgment, and cooperation in every day life, the test was made up of 60 questions answerable by encircling a “yes,” “no,” or “?.” At the meeting this afternoon counselors will receive instructions concerning the test and will be given the graded papers to return and discuss with their freshmen proteges. Out of a possible score of 120 the average for the entire class was about 87.
Dykstra Will Speak To Alumni, Faculty Tombrrow Evening
sor Emrick, to accommodate three Philadelphia Symphonies. The floor of the shell will be built in stairstep setbacks so that every musician may have full vision of the conductor. Complete Band Quarters Professor Emrick will get for his “All American” band the most complete headquarters in the world. Storage and office rooms will flank the band shell while underneath will be a drill floor. Below the main floor will be individual i-ehearsal rooms and a rehearsal room for a 150-piece regimental band. According to present plans, station WBAA will get complete studios downstairs, with practically the entire rear half of the ground floor at its disposal. On its exterior the''hall will* conform with the red-brick and white stone architectural scheme of the rest of the modern campus buildings.
Alumni and faculty will reminisce over old times at the annual homecoming banquet to be held in the Union ballroom tomorrow at 6 p. m. This banquet is one of the highlights of the Homecoming week-end. Purdue Alumni Association announced last night that President C. A. Dykstra, of Wisconsin University, will present the principal address. Other speakers will be David R. Ross, president of the board of trustees; Frank Hockema, assistant to President Elliott; G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school; Mai Elward, head football coach; Bob Woodworth, acting athletic director; and C. S. Doan, athletic ticket sales manager. Cameron Toastmaster M. W. Cameron will act as toastmaster for the occasion. Burr S. Swezey, president of the Alumni Association, will honor the varsity football team of 1913 with silver football trophies. G. A. Young will speak for the “P”’ Men’s Club. John Petty, winner of the Alumni Award for the player showing the most improvement last fall, will be presented with a watch. Music will be furnished by Artie Shaw and his band and the University Glee Club.
Football Frolic To Follow Game
This contract is the first step toward construction of a million-dollar assembly hall made possible by a PWA grant. Stakes for the foundation have already been set and Kemmer will begin work as soon as PWA approval is secured on the contract. Other bidders were Karl Kettlehut, West Lafayette, $28,880; Charles Shook, Dayton, $29,852; and B. W. Construction Company, Chicago, $33,691. '' Special Meeting A special meeting has been scheduled by the board for November 10 to receive bids on the additions to Cary Hall, and another later in the month for the remainder of the music hall. ■■ The board adopted resolutions for ^ the valuable services of J. K. Lilly,/ who retired from the board^l^t month after many years of service, and was succeeded by Paul B. Sturm, of Dana, Ag. ’23. Approval was also given on the promotion of Fred I. Goldsmith from the position of assistant to the dean of men to assistant dean of men. David E. Ross, chairman of the board, was re-elected a director of the Ross-Ade Foundation for a term of three years. Faculty Appointments Numerous faculty appointments, made necessary by the large increase in enrollment, were approved. Principal among these were: R. L. Farabee, acting associate professor of chemical engineering, in place of D. E. Ackerman, who is on leave of absence to continue work on his doctorate at M. I. T.; H. F. Owen and H. B. Rogers, both assistant professors in general engineering, the former to replace Prof. W. P. Turner who was retired at the age of 70 last June; and Dr. 0. R. Wilson to the staff of the Student Health service. Gifts Gifts amounting to better than $5,000 cash, a hand carved clock, and a 1938 Oldsmobile chassis were also accepted for the University by the board. One thousand dollars came through the ASME for research work in high pressure steam; $3,775 from Sears and Roebuck Company for scholarships to be awarded freshmen, one sophomore, and several winter course students; and $500 from N. D. Walker of North Manchester to establish a new fund. Other donations amounting to $146.72 were accepted.
Kraybill Addresses Annual Veterinary Short Course Here
As an additional homecoming attraction the Student Union will sponsor a Football Frolic Saturday afternoon. Bud Bryant’s orchestra will furnish the music, and dancing will start immediately after the game and last until 6 o’clock. There will he no admission charge as the purpose of the affair is primarily a get-together for alumni.
Dr. H. R. Kraybill, state chemist in the Agricultural Experiment Station, yesterday addressed veterinaries attending the annual veterinary short course being held at the University. Dr. Kraybill gave statistics showing that the feed stuffs which farmers buy are being improved in quality. Out of 700 samples of commercial feeds thought to have poisoned livestock, only four proved to be injurious to livestock. Dr. E. E. VanLone, of the animal husbandry staff, discussed heredity and disease in livestock; V. C. Freeman, acting dean of agriculture, spoke on the work of the agriculture school; and Prof. R. B. Cooley spoke on horse business in the state.
i
’fii''V
m.
^dikthud
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
JmduJiM
Thursday, October 20, 1938
Freshman ^ Counselees... ... will soon be shown scores and relative rankings they made when they filled out a 60question “Personality Self-Analysis Questionnaire” recently. Average for the group filling out the questionnaire was 87 points out of a possible 120. Three possible answers were offered to such questions as “Have you made promises that you thought you would not be able to keep?” or “Have you admitted your mistakes when you could have gotten along as well without doing so?” Possible answers were Yes, No, or Doubtful. Questions included in this test were picked from a much longer list as being those which would be just as often answered yes as no. Of course, each person rated himself as he wished, so that no check could be made on lying or overrating. However, the same questionnaire filled out by a number of persons anonymously gave approximately the same results. That is evidence that the average person would fill the sheet out as honestly as he could. Today counselors will be given the question sheets filled out by their own proteges—so thdt they may discuss the results with each of these freshman science and engineering students personally. The questionnaire was given mainly as an experiment with no particular purpose of determining anything. It is part of the counseling program and will provide a subject for discussion between counselors and counselees. For the first time this year the counseling program has been started before the distribution of yellow slips, and for the first time all of the freshman engineers and science students are being counseled. In past years only delinquent students have been handled, and they only after the delinquency had become serious. This year the idea is to stave off trouble by forestalling contributing factors. The various counselors have visited their frosh in their rooms and have looked over the study conditions. They have talked with each counselee individually and should be well acquainted. If they have done their job well, the counselors will be able to correct conditions which might be interfering with the scholastic activities of the freshmen. As the directors of the counseling program freely admit, they are working only on theory. Since the plan is new they have no facts based on past performance and they have as yet no
the Purdue Exponent
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College 'Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE.. New York, N. Y. CMicAoo * Boston ' Loq ahgkles - San Francisco Entered as second class matter at the post office in liSfayette, Indiana, wider the aot of Congress, of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Deliveied locally by carrier lor $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. / Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. ?• City Editbr -D. A. l^ey Associate Edltors-.G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D.' G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager.... M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager.... — .....E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager F. B«g Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager— ,— W.'W. Nevin . Accounts Manager — W. E. Smith Art Director — —D. J. Henmnger CO-ED STAFF Editor - Sally McKee Associate Editors-— JoY Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor-... ...^ — R. I" McDonald Associate Editors — .J. A. Hebl^ler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the oflcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief, t
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Massey Thursday, October 20, 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lk^
THERE IS A TIP OUT that Artie Shaw is CAROLYN SHAW’S cousin. If this is the case it looks as if the Kappas will be entertaining a band leader this week-end. BY TH’ BYE (^IRLS, this may be a good chance to get a date for your pledge dance. I understand that the men in Shaw’s organization are not so hard to look at. WELL, WE’RE IN FOR IT now, the swamp is not going to dry np as we were beginning to think. Now we’ll start to see the co-eds in tho.se head-shawls and the eds in ear-muffs. This, of course, will all go to add to the distinctiveness of Purdue’s already famous styles. ■ / THIS IS A POME: Mary had a brand new dress It was blue and green an’ airy. It didn’t show a bit of dirt But it sure as heck showed Mary. ANYONE THAT WOULD like to see anything new or different in this column please write it on a piece of paper and turn it into the Exponent office.
‘See ! I told you it was Charlie Snodgrass of our old classI never forget a breath I”
definite evidence of success this year. They do have, however, proof that their plans are being carried out and that the freshmen are being counseled in the way they directed. All that remains now is the direct proof that can come at yellow slip time and at semester grade time. If instructors do not merely give out their accustomed number of yellow slips whether warranted or not, the yellow slip evidence will be good. At any'rate the final grades should credit the counseling program with well-earned success as shown by higher point indices for the freshman class.
Powell Addresses WAA Mass Meeting Don Powell, member of the Purdue coaching staff and former grid player, explained some of the ins and outs of football to co-eds attending the second WAA mass meeting yesterday afternoon. The purpose of this meeting was to help girls to better enjoy and understand football games. The Warner system, invented by Coach Warner of the Carlyle Indians, and the Notre Dame system,
introduced by Jesse Harper of Notre Dame and developed by the late Knute Rockne, were explained by Powell. Penalties Explained Timing of a game was reviewed and common penalties such as offsides, offensive holding, and defensive holding were explained. Powell stated that Purdue had between 250 and 300 different plays last year. It was suggested that perhaps the co-eds of Purdue could aid the coaches in trying to enforce their training rules.
Federation Of Education. Requests Item By O'Shea Prof. Harriet E. O’Shea, of the division of education and applied psychology, has received a request from the World Federation of Education Associations for 60 copies of her recent article in the “National Parent-Teacher.” The Federation wishes to distribute, the article, “A Mental Hygienist Looks at Physical Education,” in 27 foreign countries.
By Joy Johnson Fraternity rushing in the modern mode has made its appearance at Syra'cuse University. Beta Theta Pi fraternity there took no chances of pledging fellows by mistake, and devised a novel photographic system that rivals any police record system. As rushees enter the house they are ushered into the library to fill
ARC
TODAY.FRI.-SAT. WEBMKMesqWTEERS MBUVmesTON BWCMaiGAN mui TCRHUNt
out individual cards of information which are filed away for future reference. Identification cards are then pinned to their lapels and rushees are then shown into the cloak room where a candid camera and flood lights are set up. Their pictures are snapped, immediately developed and attached to the file card of every rushee.
It used to be that women were very hesitant in admitting that they preferred marriage to a career arid when asked their life-work-to-be, would always mention the career first. Now most co-eds admit that
they are out to get their man. Top ranking employment preference of Wellesley College freshmen is home-making. Not succeeding in that, they chose second writing and journalism. As we turn to the classroom for a moment, we see a comment on book-writing professors (which also would apply to more than one student). Says Connecticut State College’s Professor Rapport, “Copying from one book is plagiarism; copying three books is research.” Copying three books may also make a good bibliography for a class paper.
Right OR Wrong? A 2-minute test for telephone users
THRILLS SWEEP THE RSVERI
1. The current used to transmit the voice by telephone is the most delicate current in common use. RIGHT □ WRONG □
2. Wire in use in the Bell System would go around the world more than 3000 times. RIGHT a WRONG □Thursday, October 20, 1938
THE PURDtJE
EXPONENT
E. J. Holderman Wins Inter-School Cross Country Meet
' Stuhldreher AdmHs Badger, Boilermaker ' Strength Will Offer Sterling Exhibition V Squads Are Uncomparabie On Season's Games; Visitors Will Introduce Versatile Aerial Artists ^ Madison, Wis., Oct. 19—Not even the threat of marching soldiers in Europe diverts attention here from the fact that Harry Stuhldreher’s Wisconsin football squad will endeavor to top a strong Big Ten rival Saturday, when the Badgers meet the Boilermakers in the Engineers’ annual Homecoming game.
Stuhldreher admits his own outfit will be stronger than that of a year ago and in spite of communiques from the hosts’ camp, the dynamic little Badger coach believes the Riveters will present also a stronger battle front. In the 1937 game, the pigskin teams fought to a 7-7 draw as a result of a Boilermaker fumble that rolled behind the goal line for a touchdown. Uncomparable No comparison of the rival elevens is possible this year on the basis of the 1938 form as one squad has not played the other’s opponents. In number of veterans available, the pair are about on a par, with both
We Carry a Complet'e Line of 1938-39 Alligafor Raincoats
^uUwfLSu
For All Styles of Alligator Raincoats See ROSENTHAL’S
Q0.C1C lesson in Raincoat Style’.
FULL 85-INCH SWEEP FOR SMARTNESS!
CASUAL TYPE CONVERTIBLE COLLAR!'
ROOMY POCKETS— AS YOU LIKE THEM!
PLENTY OF SWANK IN THIS DRAPE!
YOU’RE RIGHT! IT’S THE University Coacher BY ALLIGATOR .
$750 At Leading Campus Shops
Here’s the coat style-forecasters say will sweep the country. It’s ready for you . . . now ... at leading Campus shops in a great preview! It’s comfortable. It’s casual. And . . . WATERPROOF, WINDPROOF, DUSTPROOF ... just what you need for
damp, wet, chilly fall days and nights!
THE ALLIGATOR COMPANY, ST. LOUIS—NEW YORK
^ 1 HU ALLIGAI OR COMPANY, ST. LOUIS—NEV . Other Alligator Raincoats $5.75 to
^LUGATOR
$25
f
....choice
Wisconsin and Purdue certain to have eight seasoned players in their starting line-ups. Opposing Coach Mai Elward’s stalwarts will be a Badger team with a versatile attack with its backfield full of passers and fleet runners. Included in the secondary will be Goldberg, Stueben, Schmitz, and Beilin, halfbacks; Gavre, quarterback, and Weiss, fullback. Ends Gile, Lorenz, Moeller, and Wiegadt will be on the receiving end of the Badgerp aerial thrusts. The squad will leave Madison tomorrow morning and arrive in Lafayette tomorrow afternoon, accompanied by approximately 4,000 Wisconsin fans.
We Carry a Complete Line of Alligator Coats.
Allen Will Represent Winner Sets Torrid Pace To Repeat Last University At Forum Year's Race; Ags Take First Place Honors
By Bruce Witwer Just a few side glances on varied bits of news Fred Stalcup, graduate of ’37, is assistant coach at Toledo U., and has been doing his part in working up a strong eleven. . . . when Mai Elward visited Ohio some time ago, he said that he knew how putrid Purdue looked at Ohio State last year and his big aim this year is to show fans in those parts that Purdue is really tough. —^fc— The other evening, Red Grange said on the radio that this year will see Purdue with one of its greatest teams and “Cec” Isbell also said that Lou Brock would stand out as one of the school’s greatest backs before he graduates . . . he’s well on his way now. —^fc— Cec Isbell, bj' the way, was passed up by half a dozen pro coaches in the college choices because they did not think he would make good. . . now he’s one of the outstanding players of the league with the Green Bay Packers . . . his passing and running have meant the winning punch in quite a few of the Packer’s games. —^fc— It is being murmured around in conference circles and elsewhere that Purdue has the strongest defensive line in the Big Ten . . . that was borne out in the Minnesota and Fordham games . . . now that we have proven power in that phase of the game, we can start having some sparkle in the offensive . . . the Badgers are as good as any to start on, too. Danner’s Homer Trjips AGR’s As Delta Chis Win With two men out and Lucas on base, Danner, Delta Chi slugger, rapped out a home run to trip the Alpha Gamma Rhos in the last inning of a softball tilt in the finals of the winners bracket at Russell Field yesterday afternoon.
Prof. Homer Allen, of the physical education school, who is on a year’s leave of absence, will represent the University at the New York Herald-Tribune 1938 forum on current problems, October 25-27. Among the speakers at the Forum will be President and Mrs. Roosevelt; President Robert Hutchins of Chicago University; Gerard S. Swope, president of the General Electric Company; Walter Lippmann, political writer; Dorothy Thompson, woman journalist; and Dwight Davis, former secretary of war and donor of the Davis Cup for international tennis. Chief Harry Williams Addresses Firemen At School Sessions In an address before 350 Indiana firemen who are attending the Fifth Annual Indiana Fire School, Assistant Chief Harry G. Williams, of the Cincinnati Fire Department, Cincinnati, 0., stated yesterday that firemen should have a definite information concerning large industrial buildings. Chief Williams also pointed out that since taxpayers, insurance brokers, and law enforcement officials are also vitally concerned with the problem of industrial and mercantile fires, they, too, should be informed of the arrangements that have been made with the fire department. In other afternoon discussions, director of Conservation T. Alfred Fleming, of the National Board of Fire Underwriters, New York, covered, “New Fire and Explqsive Hazards,” while Assistant Chief Engineer Colonel Clarence Goldsmith, also of the National Board of Fire Underwriters, explained “The Construction, Care and Use of Ladders.” Captain Larr To Speak ' At Riding Club Meeting Captain Larr, of the military department will be the guest speaker for the third meeting of the Purdue Riding Club today at 7:30 p. m. in the tower room of the Union Building. Irvin Sommers, president of the club, urges all members to attend and bring prospective members and guests.
RADIOS Only $3 Down Easy Payments See and Hear Them at CO-OP BOOK SHOP Howard Hamilton, Eng. '42
FOR HOMECOMING . . . ... be well gi’oomed. Five barbers are ready to serve you (juiekly and well at Red’s. Drop in today. RED'S BARBER SHOP State and Pierce
Setting a ferocious pace in intemperate weather, E. J. Holderman, mechanical engineer, repeated his win of last year by taking the annual inter-school cross country meet around Russell Field yesterday afternoon with a time of 13:02:20. Runnerups in the grind were Jarvis, Young, and White, respectively.
Thc agS COPpcd thc eVCTlt by Winning 16 points. The mechanical engineers finished second with 17, and freshmen following in third place
with 37 points. Point System
The team having the lowest score, won the race. Team individuals finishing in their respective position were awarded the number of points in accordance with their finishing
position.
Gridders Get First Cool Weather For Practice Sessions After weeks of tonrid heat, torrid
when compared to ideal football weather, Mai Elward’s Gold and Black football squad was subjected to the first enjoyable practice conditions yesterday afternoon. A touch of dampness also prevailed giving the ball handlers that much needed experience of fondling a wet
pigskin.
The entire squad went through signal drills without the use of pads as there was no actual blocking and tackling. Absent from uniform was Carl Verplank, starting right guard in the four contests played so far. Jim Maloney, senior letterman, was playing right guard in Verplank’s place during signal drills. Verplank was not in uniform because of a slight cold that has bothered him since the Fordham battle. A backfield composed of Shackleton at quarter, Byelene and Harry Clark at halfbacks, and DeWitte at fullback bore the brunt of the ball handling. Clark, who was one of the mainstays of the frosh squad last season injured his left knee during the initial practice sessions this season and is just returning to action. Although weighing but 165 pounds, Clark is a terrific driver and an accurate passer. Precision in ball handling seemed to be the paramount feature in yesterday’s drill. Time after time the identical play was run, flaws picked out and the same play rerun. Practice of this sort usually wears a player down mentally, but the cool weather put the Boilermakers in a plajrful mood, and the practice yesterday was run through in a jovial manner. The theme of the entire squad is “Purdue showed they can come back.” These six words seem to be under each helmet as the Gold and Black gridders wait for the Badgers of Wisconsin.
Intramural Notices
SOFTBALL
Thursday. October 20 Diamond Official 16— Winnei (Kappa Sigma vs S. A. E ) vs Winner (Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Sigma Kappa) Foster 17— Ward 6 vs Cary Hall 10 Berry 18— Ward 7X vs. Cary Hall 9. Fishel
TOUCHBALL
Thursday, October 20 Field Official 1— Ward lOX vs. Ward IIX.
Lamoureaux
2— Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 6
The winnei set the pace from the beginning and was approximately a quarter mile ahead of Jarvis at the tape. Young and White followed the lunner-up to the finish line, ending the race ten and twelve yards, respectively, out of second place. The meet, started by Coach Hermon Phillips, varsity track coach, consisted of 19 men. The freshman squad had six men, the ags two, the electiical engineers two and physical eds, science, and chemical engineers one each. Prof. F. King Announces Date For Cattle Meeting Prof. Frank G. King, head of the animal husbandry department, announced yesterday that the annual meeting of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association will be held at the University Friday, November 18. The steers which will be used in the annual winter steer feeding trials will have been purchased, and the inspection of these cattle will be one of the features of the meeting. This meeting usually attracts several hundred beef producers from Indiana and bordering states. Frosh Attend 2nd Exponent Lecture At the second of a series of training lectures for editorial Exponent freshmen last night, Lowell Hardin, managing editor of the Elxponent enumerated sources of story material and explained the processes necessary in turning out the completed article. The third meeting will be held tonight in conjunction with the Activities Bureau training school at 7:15 in the Union ballroom. Freshmen who are going through the training course should attend this meeting. Sigma Delta Psi . . . . . . tryouts will be held today at 4 o’clock in Ross-Ade Stadium, according to M. A. Keller, manager in charge of tryouts.
3— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 7. 4— Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 8 6—Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 5. 6— Ward 7 vs. Ward 9. 7— Ward 10 vs. Ward 12. 8— Ward 4 vs. Ward 8.
Margohan
Luce Evers
Brodsky McGrath Troyer Smithson
This might be called the “Can you beat it department” for after a five-year battle students at Iowa State Teachers College won the privilege of picking their teeth in the college cafeteria.
For Pipes to Fit Your Personality DR. GRABOW PIPES AT SOUTHWORTHS
THOUSANDS ARE SWITCHING TO THE
NO BITE! NO BREAKING IN! NO BITTER TASTE!
'■'ll3bxixL CuIa,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^/boiiciUL
Thursday, October 20, 1938
Cinema Cues
B> Betty Wickard Hank Luisetti, of Stanford, rated the pri'eatest basketball player ever known, has one of the leading: roles in “Campus Confessions” to be seen at the Lafayette today throuffh Saturday. Eleanor Whitney, Betty Grable, and William Henry are featured in the supportine: cast. High point of the picture is a re-enact-ment of the immortal Stanford-U. S. C. basketball game of 1937. “King of Alcatraz,” featuring Lloyd Nolan. Gail Patrick, and Robert Preston, the screen’s new find, will take over the screen of the Mars today and tomorrow. Gail, as a ship’s nurse, is forced to operate on the vounded Nolan in a thrilling scene from tins tale of piracy on the high seas. Fred McMurray, Bmg Crosby, and Donald O’Connor are the three musical minded assets of the Beebe family in “Sing You Sinners,” a rollicking comedy vliich will be screened at the Mars October 2226. Foui' new song hits including “Small Fry,” written by Hoagy Carmichael, composer of “Star’’” Dust,” are w'oven into this story of horse racing. “The Red Rope,” starring Bob Steele and Lois January, will be shown today through Saturday at the Luna. A blood-stained cord is an important clue in this western mystery thriller. “Sons of the Legion,” a story of the influence of a newly formed junior legion on the boys of a typical American city will form the other half of the double featuie. Patricia Farr helps Scott Colton, the college star oarsman, clear his name in “All American Sweetheart” to be shown at the Arc today and through Saturday. The “three mesquiteers,” Ray Corrigan, Max Terhune, and Bob Livingstone, furnish the action in “Come On Cowboy,” which will complete the bill. “Three Legionnaires,” a comedy with Robert Armstrong, Lyle Talbot, and Fifi Dorsay, will be teamed with “Extortion,” a collegiate murder mystery featuring Scott Colton and Mary Russell, at the New Main today through Saturday. Knight To Address Wyoming Teachers Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied psychology, left Tuesday afternoon for Wyoming to deliver two addresses before the State Teachers’ Association of Wyoming and to participate in a conference of university administrators.
Ciassi/iecf Ads
FOR RENT—Sinprle room. 421 Main. Phone 65022. Globe to the campus.
SPECIAI.—Would you like to earn some easy money ’ No definite hours required. Call Mr. Grover 7 :00 p. m. to 8:30 p. m. Tippecanoe Motors, Inc , Fourth and Brown. Phone 3766.
WANTED—Your laundry. Phone 36614.
Christian Fellowship Hour: Meeting at 7:30 p. m. in room B of Union Building today, October 20 Reverend Ainslie will continue his subject, “Miracles of Today.” All students are welcome —BURBRINK.
Sophomores: All sophomores that have signed up for Activities Bureau i-eport to the reception loom in the Union tonight, October 20, at 4 :30 p m —BREUER.
Co-ed Forensic Managers: Meeting today, October 20, at 4 p, m. in loom 308 of Univoibity Hall —PHILLIPS. Union Workers: Will the following meet in the Union work shop Thursday, October 20, at 4 p m : Brodd, Burton, Denham, Kennedy, Moore, Shelmerdene, and Silgander. —HRUBY
Union Sophomores: My committee please report to the work shop at 4 p m. today, October 20 —WILLIAMSON. Riding Club: Meeting for everyone interested in riding today, October 20, at 7 :30 p. m. in tower room of the Union. —SUMMERS.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 51 1 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Locksmith
"DiAC" EverytWno for a College Education H. G. REISNER
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Professional
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locKs, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPTS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD |. RISK—D.D.S. ROBERT G. RISK—D.D.S LUTHER A. RISK—D.DS Schultz Building ■4th and Mam Phone 5701
• lewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19'/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Christmas Cards
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS 50 Assorted Lovely Designs with Envelopes for $1.50. Finest Quality Art $3.00. Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An Ideal Xmas Gift. Order Early. NICHOLS & CO. Rockmart, Georgia
Union Sophomores: Will the following members of my committee please meet in the work shop at 4 p. m. Thursday, October 20: Bratten, Elton, Hamman, Reed, Tilt, and Rehm. —ASHTON.
day, October 20. Meeting will be short but important. Any freshman interested may come. —McKEE.
Engineer: The following men report to Catterall or Hart Thursday, October 20, in the Engineer office: Long, Martinek, Ruth, Stephens, Andeison, Shooter, Adams, Botsford, Worthington, Johnson, and Day. —FELIX.
Wesley Foundation: Wesley Foundation will have a masked Hallowe’en party Friday, October 21, between 7:30 and 9 p. m. at the Methodist Church. Everyone welcome. —HOOVER.
FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. EbershofT, 606 Main street,
Union Sophomores: A short meeting of all sophomore Union workers will be held at 4 p. m. today, October 20, in room 1 and 2 of the Union Building. —RICHARDSON.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting in room F of the Union at 7:80 p. m. Thursday, October 20. Get Wisconsin game tickets then. —HALL.
FOR SALE—Golden muskrat fur coat, size 36 at $5—Philco radio—man’s topcoat and overcoat. Phone 41102.
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM FOR BOYS—Large front room with twin beds. 212 Wiggins St.
Agriculturist: Meeting of circulation staff in Agriculturist office at 8 p. m. today, October 20. —FISH.
Wesley Foundation: Morning Watch will be held Thursday, October 20, at 7 :30 a. m. with Professor Gunn as leader. —MELSER.
ROOM FOR RENT for man student. 212 North St., W Lafayette, Ind.
LOST AND FOUND LOST — Green j'acket, brown leather sleeves. Reward. Phone 7724. Soloff.
LOST: Log Log Trig slide rule with J P Kelly on case. Notify R C. Horn, 35023. Reward.
MISCELLANEOUS I WANT TO BUY A TUXEDO. Call 66494. Size 36-38.
Football Ushers: The following men report at the Stadium on Satuiday, October 22, at 12:16 o’clock: G. V. Beaid, M. S. Brinduse, J. W. Castino, L. L. Chaffee, John Claike, C. R. DeReamer, P. W. Edwards, H F. Fishburn, D. T. Fisher, H. F. Goforth, R H. Graves, V. D. Harmes, R. W. Heckel, H. Laycock, D. C. Meyer, W. E. Peffer, S R.' Peterson, M. Pugaez, W. D. Rodney, R. Schrohe, C. T. Swan, D. G. Terrio, C. Wagner, K. S. Warren, R. T. Wundeilich, R. H. Wyezawski, S. L McMoimick, S Ruck: R. A Voigt, J. F. Spitlei, and L. H. Hutchinson. All men who ushered at the Detroit game report at the same time. Any other men who want to usher at the Wisconsin game report at the applied mechanics office in Puidue Hall before Saturday. —SANDERS. Distinguished Howitzer Squads: Applications for entry in this competition must be handed in in writing to Major Faulconei or to Captain Morse by noon Thuisday, Novcmbei 3 Each application will list a Junior as Executive and 11 Sophomores—1 as chief of section, 1 as gunner, 7 as cannonneers, and 2 as diivers. Entries will be placed in order in which they are submitted. —FAULCONER
Gimlet: There will be an important dinner meeting for all actives and pledges at the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity house on Thursday, October 20, at 6:45 p. m. Be prompt. —SWAN.
YWCA Music Group: All co-eds interested in music are invited to attend the first meeting of YWCA music discussion group in YW office Thursday, October 20, at 4 p. m, —WATTLEWORTH.
Chart please notify me by telephone 2437. (10-22) —LUTZ. Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Felix or Rice in the Engineer office at 4 p. m. Thursday, October 20: Mossberg, Lantz, Lawler, Stevenson, Packman, Maidlow, Horth, and Fisher. —SQUIRES. Student Book Exchange: Will the following people please call for their books at the Student Union Office: D. Darmer, A. Hustvedt, W. Vick, H. Cary, J. Worterburger, M. Carr, B. Short, R. Ray, D. Hutt, J. Shoemaker, C. Mills, B. Dygert, and W. Fenstermaker. (10-21) —RICHARDSON. YWCA Music Committee: All girls Interested in music meet in YWCA office Thursday, October 20, at 4 p. m. —WATTLEWORTH. Gold Peppers: There will be a compulsory meeting Thursday, October 20, at 6 p. m. in room C. —COOLEY.
house from 4-5 p. m. Proxy registration permitted. —SCHNEBLIN.
Advanced Military Students: Will the seniors and j'uniors participating in the flag raising ceremonies before the Wisconsin game please meet in Ross Stadium at 4 p. m. Thursday, October 20. —PICKERING. Student Chevalier DeMoIays: All Chevalier DeMolays call Robert Borton any evening between 6 and 6 :S0 before October 21. Phone 46022. ' —MOORE. AS ' Motorcycle Club: Meet in room A of the Union Building Thursday, October 20, at 7:00 p. m. to petition for University charter. —STRIBB.
Union Bowling Tourney: The following teams, will play Thursday, October 20, at 7 p. m. • Theta Xi vs. Triangle, Theta Tau vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. The following teams will play at 9 p. m.: Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon and Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. —WILLIAMSON.
Purdue Student Alliance: Important meeting Thursday, October 20, at 7:30 p. m. in room 2 of the Union. All members and others interested in the PSA are urged to attend. Minutes of the NEC meeting and other reports will be read. —BASS.
Activities: Will representatives of all activities not listed on last year's Activities
Lodde Contestants: Sign up for Lodde co-ed speech contest after 4 p. m. any day this week in room 101 of University Hall. (10-22) —PHILLIPS. Riflery: All men interested in using the Fieldhouse rifle range or wishing to form a competitive team must register by 'Thursday, October 20, in room 106 of the Field-
Military Ball Committee: Impoitant meeting Thursday, October 20, at 4 p m. in room 202, Armory. —TREECE.
WAA Meeting: All sophomore, junior, and senior gills interested attend hockey party October 20 at 4 p m. —SHAFFER.
Camera Club: Those interested in daikroom instruction on Friday, October 21, from 5 to 8 p. m., call me at 6065. —DERNER
Agriculturist: Business staff meet today, October 20, at 4 p. m in the Agriculturist office All freshmen and sophomoies interested please come. —SWANSON Roger Williams Club: Conference group will meet at 8:45 p. m. Thursday, October 20, at 140 S. Grant street. —GLEASON.
Purdue Plying Club: Meeting Thursday, October 20, at 7 p. m. sharp in room C of the Union. The class “A” members who do not attend this meeting will be grounded for one month. One hundred per cent attendance is expected. —CHEVEDDEN.
Exponent Co-ed Workers: Meeting of freshman, sophomore, and junior workers in room E of the Union at 4 p. m. Thurs-
Get Ready for the Game Saturday! Send your clothes to Crown today, for cleaning and pressing. P. S. Maybe you’ll need your topcoat; better send it along too.
riNE CLEAN CHS OE FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
ENJOY^UALITY
You’ll find the cake that tastes good, looks better and is best here. Fresh from our ovens every day. Graves quality Bakery 124 State, W. L. Phone 3852
Slim, sleek, slender. Streamlined to fit your pocket without bulge—and yet—the Robinson Billminder has man-sized capacity—plenty of room for bills, business cards, license, etc. From jjl.OO to $7.00. “Best-seller’* shown, $h7'i> HAYWOOD’S Retail Dept. Established 1^26 5th & Ferry Sts^
ROBINSON
uWMMm
BY THE MAKERS Of ROBINSON REMINDERS
for
WHETHER
IT BE FOR SALE FOR RENT FOR TRADE You'll be certain to contact your better nnarket through the new classified ad columns of the Exponent. Ads taken at the Union Desk or at Business Office, 312 N. Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana.
Cancellations: Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, October 29. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must E>e signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject was given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 29, if properly approved by the department concerned and by the f Dean of Men. —FISHER.
Wisconsin Alumni: Reverend Gleason wants a good turnout for the Homecoming i. Banquet Friday night, October 21, at 6:16. Tickets are selling at $1. A table will be reserved. A. J. Berge, alumni secretary, will be there, and probably President Dykstra of Wisconsin. u. -^BAUGH.
• thepmdue Exponent