WiU Address
Dean C. B. Jordan To Preside Over Morning Session Starting At 9 Prof. 0. B. Jordan, dean of the school of pharmacy at the University, will preside at this morning's session of the sixth annual druggist convention which opened here yesterday with approximately 500 druggists in attendance. H. L. Kendall, of the University pharmacy staff, will speak on “New Lessons in Prescription Pricing” to start the morning program at 9 o'clock in the Memorial Unipn ballroom. At 9!40, H. W. Heine, instructor in pharmacy^ at the Universityi will and at 10:15, Joseph A. Andrews will discuss “Social Security Legislation”; A featos of the; ccm^ention called “News from the Front” will start at; 11 ;i6 with A. G. Ghristianseh, secretary of the Natibha^^^ Assbcisltion of Boards of Phaniiacy; E. A. O’Hara, secretary of the Indiana state board of pharmacy, and P. B. McGiilldugh, secfe^ry of the Indiana Pharinaceutical Association, as speakers^; Afternoon Session This afternoon’s session. Which will also be held in the ballroom, will be under the direction of Prof. C. 0. Leb, of the Uhiversiiy phar(Gontinued on 4)
Mr.. H. W. Heine, instructor m pharmacy on the University staff, who wll speak on “New Lessons In Prescription Pricing” at this morning’s session of the druggists’ contention in tlie Meihdrial Union bidt
PIA Names CMditiaies Board S ele c ts Four Alter P at s s i n g Bstdu tiiou Measure
Appoint First Aid Leader Public Safety lustitute Spousors S e s s i o n s Opeuing Mouday Dr; Laurance M. Thompson, first aid field representative of the American Red Cross, Washington, D. G., will be in general charge of the intensive ten-day training course in first aid that will open at the University on Monday and continue through Friday, A.pril 10. The training course, offered for the first time on a state-wide basis, is sponsored by the Public Safety Institute of the University, and will make it possible for the various communities of the state to train one or more representatives who will be capable of conducting first aid training courses. Applications for en rollment in the course will be .;ac cepted until the end of this week Joined Staff Last Year Dr. Thompson,^ who has had .val uable experience in the medical and surgical field, as well as; in Red Cross work as a volunteer at his home in Pennsylvania, joined the staff of the American Red Cross
last year.
He is a graduate of Princeton and studied medicine in the College of Physicians and Surgeons in Col; umWa. Following graduation, he served as an interne in the Wilkes Barre City hospital, where he oh' tained special professional experi ence in cases invoMng accidents in the anthracite coal mines. He has had bohsiderable medical experience -With the Army. Dr. Thompson served in the Red Cross as an instructor in firat aid for CWA employes in 1934 and was doing federal work in medicine and surgery when he Was calied to the Red Gross staff in connection with the expansion of the highway first aid program and for assistance generally in the field of Red Gross first aid training.
JUNIOB PROM TICKETS
All persons desiring to feturn Junior Prom tickets may do so at the cashiers’ office any 4ay this week. The full fluotii pi 600 has already been sol4f Although tickets and programs Will hot be distributed uhtil after spring vacation, a list of those eligible to go to the Prom will be announced later this week.
Life With That Of Alma Mater
By Virginia Lee Freed “Why are you, a loyal supporter of Indiana University, going to Purdue?” This was the question my friends asked me, an Indiana graduate. My reply was something like this, “I have always been told by exponents of the - University, that Purdue far surpasses other schools in every way; but for the life of me I can not remember the ways. -Therefore, I believe it my duty to affiliate with the school and judge for myself how it compares with my own Alma Mater. But wait, the truth is simply this—^I came to Purdue because here I could enroll more than sixteen hours. I needed
twenty.
Felt Like Freshman / In Lafayette; and specifically in the Purdue Armory; registering, felt like a green freshman, although have registered eight times in days past. Strange faces and surroundings develop into confusion beterC mC; Gradually te® cleared and ,after; asking ei^^ questions I am Able to tind my Way, Standing in the' registeation lines I notice many students earrjang over twenty-five hours. The; average Indiana student carries Sixteen, and must secure nermisdon from the dean of ;his school tp ^take additional homs; I want to mehtiohdhe
Four junior men-^ohn BbWmar, H. I. Hersh, Ken Reiner, add H. R. SennstrOm^will be candidates for president of the PurdUe Independent Association at the organization election Wednesday, April 8. Candidates for the other offices also were listed 5n an announcement from P. L A. officials last night. A resolution passed by the P. I, A. board of directors, to the effect that non-members pf the beard are indigible for the president’s ppsition, automatically eliminated L. O. Buxton, the fifth man Who filed a
petition for candidacy.
Buxton’s petition, however. Was approved as a,; candidate for the vice presidency. The other nominee for that position is J. H. Day. Regma Kelly submitted the lone petition
for co-ed executive.
Nominees fpr P. I. A. secretary are Norma Ade, Dora Mae Patterson, and Mary Wien. Aspirants ter the treasurer’s position are W. E. Wilhelm and R. P. Ward. v
Soil Experts
in
Stra^zheim, Paxton Addless Farm Leaders R. E. Straszheim and E. C. Paxton, of the north central division of the soil conservation {pro^am of the A^icultUral Adjustment Administratipn, spoke at the University yesterday, explaining to members of the AAA crop control program, agricultural extension leaders, and other farm leaders, details of the 1936 conservation program, The speakers are representatives of the department of agriculture at
Washington.
District Meetings Tomorrow eight district meetini^ Will be held in various parts of the state to outline the program to county agents and the temporary
Co-eds Abolish Spring Rush Spring rush was abolished by the decision of the Women’s Pan-Hell-enic Council at a meeting yesterday afternoon. The principal reason for this action is the unnecessary expense to the sororities since many of the girls who are rushed at this time do not enter tehool in the fall. Summer rush was abolished several years ago by this, council for the' same reason. Changes in the constitution were also discussed.
feature of Purdue’s method of registration superior to that of Indiana, the fact that here a Itudent combines registration withienronment. Another day is nece^ary at Indiana ter class enrollment. I am now walkipg across the cqmpus to attend a first class, qnd am impressed with its expanse. But alasl For one who still has memories of a campus in its natural beauty, with hills and valleys, board walks and . bridges spanning the Jordan River, and lovely trees, (Indiana’s campus claims a specimen of every tree or shrub natural to her state) the prairie-like picture before me is not impressive. Walking Easier I wonder how much time is spent in walking about the campus, but soon discover that, because of its tetelnessard temted Ws^^ walk farther in less time than on the Indiana campus. I;;tentinue acrossjtW en to Uhitersii^ Hall, and sudderdy Won der why any man plaiming placement of tiie wnlfes, failed to tealize how mai^ steps could have been saved students, if a w^k had been built frote Fpwle? Hall te IFniyersite' Hail. l inquite and learn te John Purdue has been buried withthe region; of .my imaginprY Walk. Satisfied, I accept tee tradition, I should hot want his,rest dis-
turbed.^,;-
ImpOiteiMd To Study In te® itetety* particularly the rcterve room, I find it impossible te study becaiisc of much; confusion.: In the Indiana library everything must bo deathly quiet. Shodld you Whisper, you Will be reprimanded by any; librarian Whp might be compared te an old Puritan school(Continued on page 4)
' “i -..I-.-*'. 'ipiViili' WBtZ.-i
Lead In Scholarship Kappa Kappa Ganttnay Triangle Have Highest
Sorority women, with a A16
^ i' I _
' !it|
Dr. H. W. Haggard, prof^sor of physiology at Yale University, who Will speak at 8 o’dock tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall on the subject “Medical Fads and Superstitions”. The address will be open to the pub-
lic.
Select Ileccttrdtidns John Ai^^ niifs Winning
Fishbein Talks On
Medical Expenses
“Out of the total expenditure of 110 billions of dollars per year op the part of the American public, only three and one-half billions are spent on the cost of medical care,“ Dr. Fishbein, editor Hygeia and the Journal of the Ametican Medial Associatioiw stated before ah aud' ience of approximately 350 Indiana druggists at a banquet in the Memorial Union Building last night. Dr.- Fishbein said that while Americans Spte<l billions on cosmetics, radios, automobiles, and other luxuries, they are pro®© to keep the very iniportant item of their medical expenditures very low, only ehout thirty or forty dol-
lars per person annually.
- In tracing tee growth of our medical : protession Dr. Fishbein pointed o^t the importence of machinery a» J appliances, In 1900 te© average doctor dlfte’t ©t^*i Imte a fever thermometer FeyeA was determined by the looks of the phtieht and the copdition of his tonghe.
appointed to do the preliminary Work. These meetings Will be held at Knox, Columbia Gity^ Lafayette, Muricie, RushviUe, Spencer, North Vernon, and Petersburg. Each meeting ydll be attended by members of the state supervisory staff in charge of the educational phases of the soil epnservatibh program. These men will explain the program and the niethod of handling the
campaign. Program
Next week, to-wnship or community meetings will be held in every county of the state to discuss the entire program. However, it is likely that a few counties will start the local meetings this week so that the farmers may be made acquainted with the plan before the plant-s ing season is too far advanced.
PENALTY DATES
During the present semester there are two penalty dates. They are; F^bm hbon^^^^ M^ 27 to noon March 28 and all day April 6. Penalty Rules: “Any student wlio is absent fteffi © regidar meeting of a class during the twehty-teur hours (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the ; Cashier an extra tee of $5.00 for each twenty-four hour period or fraction thereof ■■■missed.^’', Penalties will be; payahle Within twenty days follbwing the close of the holiday or recess. Delinqnehcy in payment will reshlt in exclusion from the University. / ^ M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
WAAToHold Sport Dinner Banquet Marks dose Of Winter Season Marking thei close of the winter sports season, W. A. A. -will hold ite annUar banquet, open to all coeds, in the Home Economics Building tonight at 6 o’clock. Tickets> at forte cents, may be obtained from members of the Wi A. A. cduricil or at the Women’s Gym. The Winning clbss basketball and volleyball teams Will present stunts and Miss Helen Hazelten Will SbOW films of the W.. A.^^ A^^^ lo-wed by motion pictures of Porte Rico presented by Miss Marian Russell, -who spetft two years teaching
on the island.
Award Numerals During the evening the awarding of class nnmerals and “P” monograms wiil take place, ^^e newly elected officers and new council Will be installed at the banquet. There will be sepei’ete teEes arranged for each class, decorated in various
class colors.
Louise Burkle, chairman of the social committee, will act as toasts mistressv She has been assisted in the arrangements by a committee composed of Betty Arnold, Mary Humphreys, Emily Tubbs and Minhadel Venemann.
peeorations for the Junior Prpm have been selected i>y committee and are how in the process of being consteucted. John Ammer' man; junior niechanica^ sulbmifted the winning set of decoratete> ©nd WiU receive: a complimehte^ry ticket to Prom for bis efforts,. ^though it; is doubtful wheth^ the new addition WiU be entirely completed in time for the IProm, a temporary floor will be constructed, so that the decorations and orchestra can be placed in the new part, leaving the entire old ballroom open for dancing. • , Decorations , The decorations are to be white and brilliepi^ ktee in color and will be of modernistic design. From each side of tee rear of the plate forna steps will rise to a balcony which will be situated about ten feet above tee orcbestea. The steps and balcony are being buUt so teat dancets may walk to the balcony and Overlook tee dance floor. Ammerman, in addition to subi mittihg a complete set of plgns as was specified, also made a miniature set of decorations. The miniature was made by gluing pieces of plastic wood, together. Ammerman said teat over three hundred individual , pieces were required te compete the model which is how being kept in the Student UhiOn
offlice.
general campus groups for the first semester of the 1936-36 school year, according to the Universily comparative scholastic record issued yesterday. Non - sorority womet^ with a 3.95 index were just ahead of the fraternity men who held a $.81 average. Non - fraternity men avemged 3.70. The combined avemge of the women was 4:00 while the combin> ed men’s index was 3.72. Prater--, nity men and sorority women hrid 3.86 .while the unorganized men and women averaged 3.74. The combined uvm^ge index fg* students in the Univeisify -Waa 3,77.;;'' i'te :y.: ,,■ ■Iriangle ;Ptest' ■': Triangle ftaternite led the sodal orj^nizatiohs with a 4;64 mdex as edtepared wite Kappa; i^hpa ma sprerite which was aihon^ tee cp-eAsorihl gteups vnte a
average.
Other fratenhties in the fitet ten with their average indices are; Alpha Kappa Lhmbda, 4.37| Sigind (Gpntinued ra page 4) ;
Wait Wins Annual Connnitnd GontEst Scoring 96 out of a possible 100 points. Cadet Second Lieutenant p. N. Wait won the annual command coiupetitidn for junior officers held this past week. He will receive a medal given by the Indiana Soriety of Sons of tee American Revolution, Second place went te J, E. Burrpdshs with a score of 92.6 and J. R. Wergin placed third Wite. © total of ;92,'' ■ ■■;■ The members of battery A-3, Gadet Gaptain P. F. Kirhman cpm. manding, will be awarded medals and citations for winning tee drill competition during the command examination. The awards wiQ h© presented at a Gprps p^ forma tion in the near future.
Well Prillers Meet Here TQijiQrro^ The annual meeting of the Indiana Well Prillers ; Association will be held here tomorrow, wite nearly 60 Well drillers expected to attend Discussions of problems and developments in the well drilling Indus try will cbmpose the daj^s prp^am Meetings of tee association have been held here and in Indiaimpolis on alteriiate years, since tee^oup was organized at the University
five years ago.
WiUHoIdBolyWedi;: Services ill Unjon Noon-day services, to be held M the Union Building from 12:20 to 12;50 on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday of Holy Week, April 7 to to, will be spbn> sored by the Purdue Religious Gouncil. The five ckurch ^oups or. ganised at the University wdl pro? vide speakers and special music.
PPBUGATION BGHEPIJLE
The last edition of the E^teo? nent for the curreat muath Will be pubUsbed FVi<i^ ingv ^ reAW©? publicatieu schedule will be resuiPaM m Tuesday, ApGl
I
Diiitets Unsold U n i o n Officials An^ nounce Models Fiinri^ vne Tomorrow Weight Only 20 tickets for the Union formal dance and style show, ^^yue de Chic”, whick will be held in tee ballroom of te© Memorial Union Building Friday night from 9 to 12, are still available, Student Uniott pfScials announced last night. Tickets are priced at $2.00 and may bg purchased at the lobby desk. Girls chosen to model the drives furnished by Loeb and Hen© Coinpariy, of Lafayette, in the style show are: l^uise Baine, Jeanette Nilson, Ruth Gopeland; Sara Eay Poorman, Edite Gregory, Lilliad Peterson, Mary Louise Lustag, Jane Lommel, Mary Counts, and Betty Rand. These girls wiU meet in the Union ballroom tonight at 7 o’clock
for rehearsal. '
Style Show Begiiri At lo The style show wiU be hrid at 10 o’clock with the modeling during' the dance being done in the center of the floor. The dance will be com ducted as a cabaret affate yrite tables placed around the sides of the room. Table reseycations may be made any afternoon this wtek
at tee Union d^k.
Spring corsages for the girls, carnations for the men, r^keshments and souvenirs will be furnished by the Union. Gharlie gle, Dorothy Fterim, Rute and Ruth Auspach are in charge of arrangements for the affair.
Orchesils Givas Haiice Exliibition Orchesis, co-ed natural dauriug or^nization, demonstrated danriug technique and composition lasfenight before a crowd of 120, composed of facully; students, and tewnspeopte. The program opened with a demonstration of danring technique, while tee second part consisted of dance compositions. Five separate moods were shown in these original compositions. All dances were composed by adaptation of the dance to the already written music. D, M. Parsons, junior in tea chool of electrical engineering, was in charge of the sperial Hglitteg effects, Marie Heinmiller was tea accompanist for the program white was under tee direction of Mdlen Ellis, cal edtocatem departebteiks
" l’''; ‘ '.'■' Ip'’’'
mm
'kmS
>’iSffiiiwf^mTrn- ' ""“' "' ' $ttr)iue exponent ^ ^ ^ WmmM to itti
1986>1080 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of OOiaagOAm
mttatiW. Concg«-Pirew:;Ai5S0«to«0W^Bi^Tm
Adrdrtii^S Serried, !ne.: - ' ■ ■ '■ rdnaei. »r*i
m MaaieeA. Areimd^
Bntesed m Meoad elaes matter iii: Ike pMt dfflise, Lafayette, Indiana^ DdiTae^ wdl, $8.60 per ye«; deUyered by ca^er, |2.60 peryeMrrBcdd biyaiiit^ eopy, 8 ew^.
Phone 6088
hlAiN OmC»E^--4i2 2loi^ Ftfth Street
EUUtarial Phone 6087
Daily Stndeat Pfflblidfttioffi of Pnrdrae ; UMyersity
. EDITORIAL.STAFF';' ' '
^ ^ . -O. H. OampbeU
■ . ; .; a. M. Chasteeh, C. M; Hardin,
W. T. Hunt, a H. Morris, M. O. Walth«r
E...Hays
dkaaoeiate Sports Editors-.-— Bqphomoie Azstotanto—0. Hamer, Jr.,
J>. F. Mull, Bi H. Walpole, L. D. Wood
.-X. A. Barnette* J. B. Brock, A. H. FOrwter, R. P. Manion, 0. L, Sadler, E. 0. Schenk, J.^ von
BUSINESS STAFF . V ™
.. T;. H. Brown, R. Creek. D. 0. Miller
■ . . ..B. J. Hulse
^culatton j. G. Girard, G. B. Shields
WOBiBN'S STAFF , .... .... ... Joyce Williams
IMTtnni
. TToien Creech, Edna Hiitsou. Ellen Mann
Aosenhine Perkins
.Tean Brown. Jean Jaimusek. Marjorie Louis,
Doris EUeta McCarthy, Elizabeth Pyke, Esther Turley
Thursday, March 26, 1936.
Issue Editor—J, L. vom Harz.
The: PIA Needs WMtewasli
' Elsewhere in this issue is published a list of candidates for offices in the Purdue Independent Association. Accompanying this list is a statement that one student who turned in a petition to become a candidate for the office of president was declared ineligible by the board of directors of the P. I. A.
Local co*ed attractions are on the up and up. Phi Kappa Sig Bradbury has his pin back after a lengthy sojourn with the Chicago girl friend.
Love-making is caused by vitamins, according to findings at the University of Washin^on. The rea? son for renewed and increased eftr thusiasm of lovers in the springtime is laid to the fact that the change of diets, dependent oh Spring fruits . and vegetables, arouses thait roi^antic vein of thought. Professofs claim that a fellow has a better chance of standing in good stead with his girl friend during the^^hter if he drinks plenty of orange juice. Local fruit stores, are doubling their supplies in anticipation of the probable rush for fresh fruit after publica-
tion of this item.
I wish I were a kangaroo. Despite his funny stances; I’d have a place to put the junk My girl brings to dances. —swiped.
are guilty of a glaring act of discrimination against an indi vidual who hoped to become a candidate, but also acted with out constitutional authority. It occurred in this way: A University junior submitted a petition to the board to become a candidate for the office. Members of the board, three of them also candidates for the same office and realizing that Buxton would greatly jeopardize their chances of being elected, passed a resolution to the effect that any non-member of the board is ineligible to become a candidate for P. I. A. president. After examination of the constitution, it is found that the board had no authority to pass such a resolution, as it is not given that power in any section of that document. It requires a stretch of the ittiagination to understand hOw the board expected to whitewash such an act. The P. I. A. is blessed with a fruitful field in which to,work, but the organization amounts to little, both'ln service rendered to its members and in service to the University. It will never amount to anything more than it does at present if it allows such pettiness, prejudices, and gross discriminations which have characterized its affairs this year to continue. The P. I. A., under proper leadership and with the application of a little common sense and honesty, could advance to a position of power and prestige on the Purdue campus. BUT IT WON’T. ■ A. M,:G. ■
“Let’s have a kiss.” “Not on an empty stomach.” “Of course not, right where the last one was.”
CO-EDITS
BMIA Engineers Will
Small habits, customs, and traditions, which are now the “accepted thing” once began in a very interesting manner. Each developed from a social need or convenience.
Take for instance the boy with whom you are walking down the street. Of course, he walks on the outside, and probably the reason for this is that he has been taught it is the right thing to do. This custom Originated; many ^ai?s ago wh^ the streete and s|ider^^ wctfe one. The m*m always wallred o^ side in; order to protect his female conapanion from the animals vdiidi were also roving the street; how it is merely a courteous thing to do.
Knives have been in use for centuries, but at first they were used as a means of conveying food to the mouth. However, at “fashionable” dinners it became quit© the custom not to use the knife for this purpose, because of the uneasiness it caused the other people'seated at the table. The women particularly were fearful that someone would cut his lip or mouth, because the knives were quite sharp and rough,
THE WELL DRESSED MAN— ANY PURDUE ED The present trend in campus attire seems to be toward short trousers, long underwear and spats, a combination against which the
Man vs. Nature
Man has done much to overcome the ravages of Old Mother Nature, but in some instances he has made it possible for the old lady to revenge herself. Consider the present flood situation, due in no small part to the wasteful way in which humans use the natural products of field and forest. Also consider the dust storms of last summer, which might have been prevented if lumbermen had not been so greedy, or had planned more wisely. Eventually the problems of flood control and dust storms may be solved by utilizing the ever-increasing store of knowl edge at man’s command. But to do this, the next generation will have to pay dearly for the mistakes their ancestors made —for the waste of land and forest which formerly characterized progress. The New Deal has done much toward the solution of these difficulties. Not only has the public been awakened to the dangers involved in the unwise use of nature’s gifts, hut several practical steps have been taken in the prevention of erosion, in reforestation, and in the building of dams for power as w# as flood control. As the years roll by, it seems certain that the government will, in the end, provide means for real conservation.—W. T. H.
Profitless Colonies
Twenty years ago Norman Angell “exposed” what he called the “Great Illusion”^—^the illusion that colonial expansion pays. Nathaniel Peffer, in a recent issue of Hater’s magazine, goes ahead with the same line of thought in an article on the “Fallacy of Conquest”. Peffer points out that for 60 years, starting in 1880, Italy joined the mad scramble of European powers for colonies, and fought expensive wars to acquire territory in Africa. At the end of that time there were only 8,000 Italians living in the extensive areas of Tripoli and other African possesdons. That is less than there were within a quarter of a milel)f Cherry Street in New York City, only one-fifteenth as many as there were in New York state. Germany, another hungry nation, also strove mightily and expensively for her foreign colonies. When she launched the World War in 1914, only 22,000 Germans had gone to live in 900,000 square miles of her African colonies and only 2,000 in her other German colonies throughout the world. Japan fought a great war with Russia in 1906, and took the much desired peninsula of Korea* in southern Manchuria, and, up to 1930, only 200,000 Japanese had settled there—twothirds the number that had died to win the territory. The Japanese seizure of Manchuria has not brought a flood of Japanese emigrants. White men no longer move, as they once did, to uninhabited or sparsely settled countries, because hardly any of the territory available is habitable by white men, and because emigrants want to go to settled and developed countries. If all Africa were available for European settlement today, Europeans still would prefer to come to the United States. As ah outlet for surplus population today, colonies seem clearly profitless. It was different 100 years ago. The present theory upon which land-hungry nations seem to be proceeding is that colonies give them new markets and therefore better economic conditions for their people at home. That, alsQ, is probably a delusion. It is inconceivable that the
ods of extending a nation’s markets.—R. 0. S.
makers of loud sox -will sooner or later strike. Shirts may or may not be worn (depending upon degree of of foppery desired) but in either case screaming butterfly ties are quite proper. Research has proved that they appear to best advantage without ties. If the tie is TOO loud, it should be worn with a muffler.
PLASH.! !. I ! It now looks like Freddy Martin for Prom. Guess Lefty’s trying, to get the family in, too.
Last and least—a basket of posies to the campus low-lifes, Duggan and Ploehn.
Police Arrest Stewart For Traffic Violation
A local variation of the “mam bites-dog” story was revealed here yesterday when it was learned that R. B. Stewart, University controller and overseer of the five-dollar fine regulations that were recently put on violators of campus driving regulations, was arrested early yesterday morning for speeding, taken to headquarters, tried, and fined one dollar and costs. The total fine amounted to eleven dollars.
UNIYEMSITY CALENDAR
Today A. Ch. S. Meeting, Chemistry Building, room 106, 7 p. m. Diesel Engines Conference, E. E. and M. E. Buildings, Prof. Knapp. Industrial Education Society Meeting, Michael Golden Shops, 7 to 8 p. m. Druggists’ Conference Union ballroom, all day. Pharmacy Extension Department Address by Dr. H. W. Haggard, Eliza Fowler Hall, 7 to 10 p. m. W. A. A. Winter Sports Banquet, Home Economics Building, Cafe, 6 Pi m. Tomorrow Agronomy Seminar, Ag. Building, room 201, 4 p. m., “New Developments in Soil”, H, H. Ulrich. Alpha Kapi^a Lambda Radio Dance, Chapter'House, 9 to 12. Diesel Engines Conference, E. E. and M. E. Buildings, Prof. Knapp. Druggists’ Conference Union faculty lounge, 9 a. m. Indiana WeU Drillers’ Meeting, Union rooms 1 and 2, 9:30 a. m Limcheon, Union reception room, 12 noon. Phi Kappa Tau Formal Dance, Chapter House, 9:30 to 12:30. Sigma Alpha Epsilon DinnerDance,. Chapter House, 9 to 1. Style Show Dance, Union ballroom* 9 to 12. Saturday Spring Vacation Begins at 12 noon. American Literary Society Din ner-Bridge, U^on peasant room and faculty lounge, 6 ;30 p. m. Kappa Kappa Gamma Banquet, Union, 6:30 p. m.
Although some of the things that we carry out very conscientiously now but at the same time consider quite unnecessary are habits and traditions passed to tis from gener ations past, marking the educated man.
Albert Edward Wiggam, in his book “The Marks of an Educated Man”, lists other factors which point toward an education arid high culture, such as an open mind, never laughing at a new idea, cultivating the habit of success, the knowledge of the secret of getting along with other people, and most of all nOn-superstition.—^E. E. H.:
Display Latest Diesel Motors
Latest developments in automotive Diesel engines will be on display here at the University today itt connection with the opening of the two-day educational conference for representatives of those agencies most interested in Diesel engines for transportation and power. The conference will be under the direction of the school of mechanical engineering and the engineering extension department Three tractors a truck powered by Diesel eiigines will be exbibited in tbe mechanical laboratories along with a number of separate displays^ of light type automotive engmes. The exhiMt^^^v^ also iriclude a numlber of accessories, including injection pumps and nozzles, arid testing equipment. The display vdU be open to tbe pub-, lie; a special invitation beirig exterided for this evening, from 7 to 10:30 o’clock. Formal Pregram The formal conference program will be launched this afternoon with an address on “Buildirig A Diesel Engine”, by John Haimori, of the international Harvester Co., Cbica go. 111., which will be illustrated by moAung pictures. Otber speakers before the opening session will include H. M. Wiles, of the Waukesha Motor Go., Waukesha, Wis», who will discuss “The Hesselman Tsnpe Oil Engine’^ and 0. D. IVeiher, chief engineer of the Hercules Mo-, tor Corp., Canton, Ohio, who will take up “Compression Ignition Engines”. \
Camera Qiib To Hear PhotograpMc Expert
C. C. -Furnas, ’22, Writes Article On Fuel Prospects
C. C. Furnas, Ch. E. ’22, who recently made front pages with his January Book-Of-The-Month, The Next Hundred Years, has written an article on the prospect of fuels in the future for Industrial Power, a trade journal published in St.
Joseph, Michigan. Dr. Pumas, a professor of chemical engineering at Yale, graduated from Purdue in chemical engineering and was a track man while he was in school. Purrias, in his latest article currently appearing in Industrial Power, states that although there are enough mineral resources to last the United States for 6,000 years at its present rate of consumption, power will ultimately come from other chemical processes or direct from the sun itself, true source of all energy’. “Enough energy is radiated on the ground in 30 minutes,” says Dr. Furnas in his article, “to supply enough power for a whole year.” Like their author, the editors of Industrial Power are also Purdue graduates. The managing editor of the magazine is H. E. Hollensbe, Cr. E. ’16. Hollensbe was editor of the Debris his senior year. This Debris was illustrated by Harold Gray, ’17^ who is now author of Little Orphan Annie, of the daily comic strips. Hollensbe was a Pi Kappa Alpha while in school.
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food yon like and as you like it. Popular Prices
SEMOBSI
We make application pictures for 81.26 per dozen. Special price on lota of flftjr or more. /
Remforandt Studio 106 Vine St. ' W. Lafayette
a then a \ CHOP STEAK. .. ..:X0c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
Mr. Stafford, of the Chicago branch of the Afga-Ansco Corporation, manufacturers of photographic supplies, will address the meeting of the University Camera club tonight at 7:16' oJclock in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. He . will discuss the makirig of " exhibition prints and ho^ to judge and select papers for difficult purposes. The picture “Red Sails in the Sunset”, entered by F. J. Hickman, freshman engineering student, was adjudged among the first three at the Intercollegiate Phptograpbic Salon held at the University of Wisconsin.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lame-Pyke-Werkhoffi Company Phone 3882
LYLE®. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
DR. A, M. IRION Dentist
Eron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
CHILDREN’S DANCING CLASSES
Ballet and Tap Enroll Sat., March 28 Indiana’s Larg^est Dancing School Adult Ballroom Classes Open Beginner’s, Apr. iSth, 7:30 p. m. Advanced, Apr. 17th, 7:30 p. m.
Today - Friday - Saturday
BUCK JONES “Forbidden Trail” and ZASU PITTS “Affairs of Susan” also ^Custer’s Last Stand’’
SPECIAL MIDNIGHT SHOW SATURDAY, 11:45 . ,“$1,000 a Minute”
ft. C. EISENBACH
Jeweler and Optometrist
. 1986
504 Main Street
■\ ''
••4.* e '‘wv ' ^ ' *! '
PAUL A. Bisk
IT. Q. BISK
rJSATW 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701 Comer 4th and Main
DEAC BAS ETERVTHINe -eQpQEGE?EDIieAMON.
SPAERENDAHL Merchant Tailor . ,V ' ^'667 ’Maln:St, '
today :-- FRIDAY -; ,SATUBDAY
,iravery and bullets make^ihis outdoor action story outstandingi
kdaring aeilo^ on the' ranges with ^
LAWCiAWE. ICatherinePeMille Tom Keene ^
Chapter No. 2
JIHyERSU'S Paiii SEOm episode t between StTISE eoei
EXTRA!
FBDB THE FAHOIIS HOVEIS OT BURT 1. STANBISH
SUBSCRIBE POE THE EXPONENT
TODAY. - ■ FRIDAY - SATURDAY:
'" ^^ ^ ^ Gridders
Prepare For
Mm
Practice Tilts Mel Taube Directs Backfield In Hard Daily Scrimniages
By 61en Bigelow
A salubrious bunch of about 80 Boilermakers: are out: tearing up the turf in spring football practice. The boys spend about an hour working on fundamentals, and then enter into an all-inclusive scrimmage. The backs are working on kicking under the direction of Mel Taube who, by the way, is taking the place of Jiih i*uridsi l^e ends are strh^ipiipg along stretching out for passes, and the guards are learning positions fOr good defensive bloek- ' ing.;- '■ , VV'.-'
. , Round Robin
The entire group v^ili be divided into teahis after spring vacation, and u round robin series of games will be played among these teams. This will conclude spring practice and oifer a' baris for choosing the freshman who has made the most improvement during the season His namO vdll be announced at t^^ football banq^uetj and a watch will be given to him at the first game next fall. The usual freshmanvarsity game will not be held this
year. -■ " V..
The freshmen, along with sev-, oral West side and Jeff High School seniors, . are being coached by Earl Ferris. Stevenson, 'Vergane, and Spehn are very promising as frosh ends. Vergane is putting out some fine kicking these days. Humphreys is making a good showing as cen ter. While Leppla, guard and Oppenheimer and Johnson, tackles, are the outstanding linemen for the freshmen; In the back field IppolitO; quarterback. Chuck Purvis and Michael, half backs, and Juska, full back are making places for them' selves on the frosh squad. Meihal and Zinc also look plenty good in
there.
Drake, Gift, Isbell Medley and
Selby are coming along in fine
style under Taube. Stalcup is play
ing half back now and Decker is
playing both quarter and full back,
Klika who was playing tnll back and quarter back broke his hand the other night. Pehring, Voinoff and Mackey are working on the line. Bush, Dahlbeck, Schreyer, Woltman, Bell, and Isbell are doing fine on the line. Don Powell, winner of last year’s freshman award, seems to be living up to all expectations as a smooth end. Andy Grant finds boils don’t aid in the
making of a football plkyer. Some of the boys will see action
at the football clinic which is go-
ing to be held here April 3 and 4,
It will he of interest to football fans to know that Leroy Mills who is known as the best instructor of kicking in football, ■wiU be among those present. Mills, who hails from Mt. Pleasant, New York, has made
kicking his hobby, Driscoll of Chi
cago, Beck of Oblong, 111., Ping of
ers
Last'night a “good tinie*’ appreciation banquet was held at the American Legion Hall for all the boosters of the local Golden Gloves tourney.-,The 85 diners and partakers included seconds, trainers, backers, sponsors, publicity men, officials, and others connected with the promotion of the fights. The repre sentatives from Purdue were Mr. C^evett and Mr. Maxwell who coached the University fighters.,
The Wales Tab Try this dressy shirt with the high snug fitting English tah collar— British* stripihgs—small colorful checks, whites. Sanforized Shrunk. $2'—$2.50
ARROW and TIES
PE Leaders To Meet Here H. Harrison Clarke To Direct Convention On
April 17
Announcement cff the anhual ; convention of the American Physical Educariph Association has nounced by the Intramural Department and Friday, April 17 has been set as tile date f Or the pihgram ■ of the Intramural section ol the convention. chairman of the event this year will he H. HarriSoh Glarke, Director of Intramural Athletics at Ssuracuse University. M. L. Clevett, director of Purdue intramural activities, will act as summarizer of the program and will wind up the speaking program.
' ■ .Topics..,,
Five separate topics will be discussed during the session, which will begin at 1:30 in the afternoori. Included on the list of speakers are Prof. Paul R» Washke, Director of Men’s Gymnasium, University of Oregon, who will speak on “Some Objectives of Intramural Sports”; Mr. DePorrest Showley, New Trier High Schpol, Winnetka, ' Illinois, whose subject will be “An Intramural Program for a High School L. W. Olds, Director of Intramural Athletics, Michigan Normal College, Ypsilanti, Michigan, who will discuss “Intramural Athletics for a State Teachers College”; M. ti Clevett, of Purdue, who will enlighten delegates on “Sigma Delta Psi—-The National Honorary Athlete Fraternity”; and Arthur S Daniels, Director of Intramural Athletics, Allegheny College, Meadville, Pennsylvania, will talk about “The Administration of an Intra mural Program in a Liberal Arts
College.”
Prof. Clevett will then present a summary of the entire Intramural program, and the meeting will end with a series of displays illustrating many phases of intramural athletics as practiced in various schools, colleges, and imiversities in the United States, which will he in charge of Lloyd L. Messersmith, of DePauw University.
Prepare For Drake Relays
y r
Barringlnjuries Squad
Has Possibilities
Again spring and warm weather are putting out their signals bringing with them the outdoor track season. .April 24-26 is the firs for an outdoor meet. The I
phidbmr Squad
team. Severiri ti'ackmeh how work-
the “Old Gold and'Black”. A stahtial boost vtill he given to team when Cp-Captain Mppre rp; turns. He has started limberii and looks very good to Coach Martin. He was out mPst of the iridb season \rith an injured ankle. The team looks fprward to ore successful showing in the Pi door season than that indoors. injuries hhow up during the st son the squad can give ; a go showing in mpst iheets. The e of the season comes with the b tiphal Intercpllegiate A. A, m* around: June 21. The exact ds arid scene of this climax has not been set, but will be run off in time for the participants tp enter the
Olympic trials.
The schedule is as follows: April 24-2&--Drake Relays at
Des Moines, Iowa.
May 2—Chicago, here. May 6—DePauw here. May 9—Nprthwesterii and Indi-
ana, here.
May 16—Illinpis there. May 22-23-—Big Ten meet, Columbus, OhiP. May 29—^Indiana State Meet, at Bloomington. June 6-6—Uentral Intercollegiate meet, Milivaukee, Wisconsini
Juniors Win Co-ed
AU-St^s Win '
Class Tourney
JULCWOl JLfljpjpC/T'
The Junior team defeated the seniors in the final game of the co-ed basketball tourney last night. 'The juniors were undefeated through-
Terre Haute alumni clubs of both Indiana and Purdue inan^gurated a symbol for the great Hoosier hard- ' wood sport by hanging the first
out the tpumey and were ti^d only
“P” on the “Old Iron Dipper”. The
once. The members o£ the junior
victory was presented to the Boil-
team are: M. Walker, B. Arnold, L.
ermaker All-star squad that de-
Thompson, M. Fitch, D. Cook, A.
feated former Crimson stars staged at Terre Haute Tuesday night by a
mores downed the freshmen, 27-22. Tonight at 4 o’clock the all-star
score of 38 to 34 in an overtime game.
teams chosen by the class managers and heads of basketball, will play. The players selected are: Gold team—R. Harlan, captain, B., Am-
Paralleling the gridiron rivalry between these two Indiana schools, represented by the “Old Oaken Bucket”, the Terre Haute clubs
old, A. Thatcher, M. Fitch, D. Cook,
hope to make this basketball event an annual affair. In the game Tues-
aVJLo.:, .. ciUU- :i!ltL« Walker; Black team—^M. Charles,
day night several noted players
captain, P. Swick, L. Burkle, B. Dobson, L. Dobson/ L; Thompson,
from both schools participated, including Bob Kessler and Norm
M; Humphreys, M. Davis, and L.
Cotton; two All-American forwards
Parks.
selected from the Purdue squads of the last three years. With so many
Ward 15 Defeats Ward 2
prominent athletes taking part, and the “Iron Dipper” as a symbol, this
Ward 16 easily won the volley-
event should attain the prominence
^ defeating Ward 2. The score in the
Uliil-oX'. Lliti at least among iEoosier fanSi^^
^ series, was 21-2/' and 2L4. The ^ championship was played off in the
Those attehding the affair frOnd the PurdUe campus inciuded Prof.
“best two out of three” series.
G. A; Young, head of the Mechani-
^ Ward 16 Went through the toufna-
cal Engineering School; Prof; H. G.
ment with T. C. Wozmak, of Cary
Venemann, L; M. Josselyri; Assist-
£ Hall, as manageir, while Ward 2
ant Librarian, and E. B. BaUgh,
_ was directed by W. C. Borchelt.
Alumni Secretary. Baugh reported
J The winners received medals and
that the alumni were anything but
j a trophy as emblems of their prow-
downhearted after the game, which
ess on the floor with the miniature
was sponsored by the Purdue As-
£ baskethall.
sociation of the Wabash Valley and
Pbi Psi’s Defeat
Nsiwisa^wpfiiyin Also SmpeHol Yelle Bok $i.S&
PATRONIZE EXPONENT
ADYERTISERS
Evansville, Menenhall of Fori; Wasme, Huflane of Hammond, and Halas, owner and coach of the Chicago Bears, will be among those present. Saturday after the Purdue squads mix it, Mel Taube and Mai Elward will give offensive and defensive demonstrations on the field.
Co-eds Play: All-Star Volleyball Tdiirney Outstanding players in the recent W. A. A. Volleyball session competed in an all-star tournament yesterday at the Women’s Gym. The girls were divided into two teams, the Gold and the Blacks. The latter team defeated the first by a score
of 30 to 23.
The Black team was composed Pf the following girls: Virginia Blank, Kathryn Dunwoody, Georgia Halstead, Virginia Hawkins, Dora Mae Patterson, Fay Pendergrass, June Rose Piper, and Ruth Wiley. Girls making up the Gold team were: Mary Bauer,, Charlotte Bennett, Marcia McKinsey, Mary Pell, Elizabeth Maier, Jeannette Seudder, Ruth Senour and Minnadel VeiiP-
Bacheller Engageiiieiit To Dr. Forsythe Announced Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Bacheller, West Lafayette, announced the engagement of their daughter, Thelma, to Dr. William Forsythe, Cleveland, last night at a party given at Wheeler’s. Miss Bacheller graduated from the University in the school of home economics last year and was a member of Oniicron Nu and Mortar Board during her college career. Dr. Forsythe is a graduate of Western Reserve College Both have been working in Grafslands hospital, Val Halla, New
York.
s;
Play Beta’s Tonight stepping away, from their opponents in the last few minutes after leading practically the entire game, the Phi Kappa Psi class “B” basketball team defeated the Kappa Sigs in the semi-final game last night, 30 to 20. The Phi Psi’s, who Were eliminated in the losers bracket by Beta Theta Pi, came back to win the loser’s bracket and will meet the Beta’s in the final game tonight for the championship. To win the tourney, the Phi Kappa Psi team must defeat the Beta squad twice, while the latter need only take the measure of the Phi Psi’s in this one game to win the trophy. FM Psi vs. Kappa Sigma In last night’s tilt; the Phi Psi quintet stepped out in front at the outset and were never behind during the entire contest. In the second half. Kappa Sigma drew to within four points of the victors, but were unable to maintain the pace and ended up ten points behind. Mason and Schilling 'v^fe outstanding for the winners, while Thompson and Burnside showed up well for the losers. Tonight the Championship game between the Beta’s and Phi Psi’s is expected to be an exciting bat tie. The Beta’s won by a wide margin in two previous encounters, proving their supremacy by repeating after their first win was protested. The Beta Squad have five men who will average well over six feet in height. However, it is expected that they will have to extend themselves to win a thir d time, since a keen rivalry between the two houses has developed "dur ing the present tourney.
Tbunsr enough to be fhcoretteal; old enough to be practical. RICHARD J. BATH WATCHMAKER '' 608 Main St.
SUDDEN 'Service
RINTING. OlHee SteOonery.P Wedding InvHsllom
PHONE "■ We# Book»,Efe.,. 6 2 8 CASSEL’S: 408IFERR#
iM
All enterprising businesses and organizations attempt to gain reputation and prestige by offering **something extra.” Among tlie merchants of Lafayette, The Exponent has ^ gained favor for it offers ''something extra,” something that no other publication has been able to proffer. That "something extra” is a medium of advertising that contact every student and instructor in Purdue University.
W
V - I'triiiiiiiilSiiiiM
TYFSWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—^For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone am.
W. A. A.^No open swim tonicrht.'
Sophomore ^otor^Nq inspection trip during school week which began March 19. Ail classes meet in classroom at regtdarljr scheduled hours. —HALLAM.
Wesley FontidktiDn—Boiler skating party tomorrow night at Maple Point. Transportetion, skates, and eats, 26 cente. Buses lea^e Foundation at 6 :30 and 7:16. SIbu up at the Foundation. —DELAPLANE.
Y. W. C. A.—New cabinet members will not be announced until after spring vacation.' ■ —GOBBLE.
Freshman Track Candidates—^B^mrt at 4 today in room 104 of Armory for discussion of plans for season. —ALLEN.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—No meeting until after vacation. ^ —GOBBLE.
Camera Club—Meeting tonight in reception aomn of Uniim at 7sl5. SveKFone Is wricbme. —schoLer,
Union Woihers—Members of iny committee will meet in the sub-basement at 4 today. —SCHOLER.
Union Workers—My committee will meet at 4 in sub-basement today. Important. —PUGH.
Union Workers—My committee will meet at 4 today in sub-basement. —QUIGGLE.
Union Workers—^My committee .members
./ to Walt
are to report/to Walt Scholer in the subr basement at 4 today. —CLARK.
Co-ed Fencing—Air girls be at gym this evening at 7. —^HA^pLEY.
Pi Tan Sigma—^Meeting today at 4 in reading room. Discussion of pledges. —LYNCH.
May Day Tryouts-^Final tryouts for May Day at 7 tonight in tower room of Union. Wear gym shoes. —ROLLER.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges-^et theme subjects from boxes in Armory before Satnrday. —-KANY.
Style Show Models—:The following girls must report in the ballroom of the Union tonight at 7 for style show rehearsal: Jeanette Nilson, Louise Baine, Ruth Copeland, Sara Kay Poortnan, -Edith Gregory, B&ry Louise Lustig, Mary Counts, Jane Lommel, Betty Rand, Lillian Peterson. —ANSPACH.
Young Men's Democratic Clnb—^Business meeting at the D. U. house at .7:30 tonight. DEBTS.,
A. A. Radkey led a discussion forum of twenty - one persons through the ever-controversial subject of “Militarism vs. Pacifism,’' in the Union Building last night. The group spoke on the causes and preventions of war, the army man’s viewpoint, the emotions of war, munitions makers, military training, present day conflicts, and other allied subjects. There was considerable argument over the question of whether war could ever be abolished or whether it is just part of the scheme of things, inevitable bemuse of -man’s thakeup. At the neict ^ciission, the first Wednesday after spring vacation, the topic “Ancient and Modem Givilizatibns” will he taken up. Dorothy M. Kuehn, student union vice-president, is in charge of the meetingSi .
Pres. Elliott Speaks
President Elliott was in Franklin Tuesday evening to speak before a Kiwanis-Rotary-Parmer banquet which was a tribute to L. B. Clore, Johnson county farmer, author of the agricultural extension act that was adopted by the Indiana legislature in 1911, and a leader for many years in Indiana farm affairs. Dr. Elliott also spoke last Friday night before the Purdue club of New York City. He was in the east last week for a series of conferences. Dr. and Mrs. Elliott will go to Ghicago tomorrow where they will be guests at a dinner given Friday night by the Columbia club of that city in honor of Dr. Nicholas Murray Butler, president of Columbia.
Scrivener—Meeting tonight at 532 Harrison. Bring manuscripts. —BLOCKER.
W. A. A. Basketball—Game between Gold and Black is to be played at 4 today. —CHARLES.
The fifth case of appendicitis in the last three days was reported yesterday when Stuart C. Williams, Phi Kappa Psi, was rushed to the Home hospital where his appendix was removed. Yesterday morning in class Williams complained of feeling faint and Went over to the Student Health Service, where Dr. Miller diagnosed a case of acute appendicitis. Permission for the operation was obtained and Dr. B. G. Ikins operated as soon as possible.
Men’s Ties .
2 for
•m /r e tt 35c and 50c Men s Hose _ 25c pair........
4 pr.
'iC
Tkir 9 • s Lustray White Men S bnirts and fancy with no-wilt collars
$1
00
SMrts - Shorts Knitted : Athletic.... ^
5 for
Hundreds of other values too numerous to mention. Visit our store and see the shelves and cases loaded with bargains.
416 Main St.
Men’s Furnishings
Essay entries on non-technieal subjects for the local A, I, E, E. contest must be submitted tO R. I. Kessel, vice chairman of the University branch,, by the end of this week. Manuscripts must be typed, double spaced, pn Form A paper and must not exceed 1,000 words in length. Only juniors and seniors in the E. E. school are eligible to compete in the contest. Instructors in the E. E. school will select four seniors and four juniors to read their manuscripts' before a meeting of the A. I. E. E. at which time one from each class will be selected as the winners. Both winners will receive a year’s student membership to the
T. R. Jphii^toii Speaks Before Alpha ^eta
T. R. Johnston, director of publicity for the University, addressed a meeting of Alpha Zeta, national agricultural honorary society, that was held last night at 7 o’clock in room 1 of the Union Building. His talk, which was entitled “What It Means to Be An Alumnus”, dealt with the advantages that a degree from Purdue gives a job-hunW. Quoting from personal observations, he told of many instances in which the name, Purdue, on an applicant’s diploma, cinched a job for him. He also told of important things University alumni have done and stated that Purdue was rated among the best three engineering schools in the country.
■f w 4- > -f W- -f 4- W -f , • BASKETBALL + W ^ > -f -f W W .-f
Today, 7 o’clock Dal® Hutt Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Psi.
> W W ^ -f -f ^ -f VOLLEYBALL W W 'I- -f -f 4“ -f > > “f
Today, 4 o’clock Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Chi. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Delta Theta or Phi Pi Phi.
^ + > W 4- -f W 'I- + GOLD AND BLACK 4- + ^ , W 4 4 W W
Today
Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi or Kappa Delta Rho, Abell. Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Budd.
SORORITIES DEAD— •, (Continued from page 1) Alpha Mu, 4.28; Beta Sigma Psi, 4.15; Acacia, 4.14; Sigma Phi Epsilon, 4.11; Delta Tau Delta, 4.08; Pirathon, 4.07; Tau Epsilon Phi, 4.05; and Alpha Gamma Rho, 4.00. Other sorority averages were: Kappa Alpha Theta, 4.27; Chi Omega, 4.24; Pi Beta Phi, 4.09; Alpha C)hi Omega, 4.05; and Alpha Xi Delta, 3.77. The Women’s Residence Hall had an average of 3.91. Honorarias Omicron Nu, home economics honorary, led the honorary and departmental groups with 5.68 scholastic index. Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, was second with 5.64. Other honoraries in the first five were; Delta Rho Kappa, 6.63; Tau Beta Pi, 6.39; and Tau Kappa Alpha, 6.33. Other fraternity averages were: Phi Gamma Delta, 3.95; Phi Sigma Kappa, 3.96; Phi Kappa Tau, 3.94; Phi Kappa, 3.90; Kappa Sigma, 3.88; Phi Kappa Psi, 3.82; Kappa Delta Rho, 3.80; Tau Kappa Epsilon, 3.80; Phi Phi Phi, 3.79. Beta Theta Pi, 3.76; Sigma Pi, 3.76; Delta Chi, 3.76; American Commons Club, 3.73; Delta Sigma Lambda, 3.72; Delta Upsilon, 3.67; Pi Kappa Alpha, 3.67; Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 3.67; Theta Xi, 3.67; Sigma Chi, 3.62; Pi Kappa Phi, 3.61; Theta Chi, 3.68; Phi Delta Theta, 3.62; Sigma N«» 3.61; Lambda Chi Alpha, 3.60; Alpha Tau Omega, 3.46; Phi Kappa Sigma, 3.38; Theta Tau, 3.24, Cary Hall North, 8.79; Union Club, 3.74; Cary Hall East, 3.66.
^Speakig of .Liohism firom its organization to its present day activities, Prof. Robert Phillips speke before the district banquet of the Lions Club in OrawfoTdsville last
The speaker reviewed the international activity of,the Lions organization and spoke briefly on the three seasons of life which he classed as spring, summer, and autumn, compared to youth, middle age, and reclining years or retirement. A trio of University students, Misses Louise Lesley, Mary Peterson, and Lois Coffing’gave several musical selections, Marian Pearheiley, tap-dancer of “Carmita” fame,, and Mrs. Sonya Williams, singer, completed the student pte gram; Mildred Rlmdea iyas the aecbmpahist.; The prebehtation Was arranged with the cooperation Boh Puller, Student Union presideiit, arid Ri. M. Klein, of the alumtii
Department.
INDIANA GRAD—; , \ ' vV ; ; ; (Continued from page 1) master, who spared not the rod. Speaking of classes and study calls for a confession— shall never, adjust myself to the horror of Satr urday classes. I must enter this as a bitter impression. ■ Lots Of Men ! In the library and in classes, I have an impression which; briefly, is--4nen in great numbers. At first Ifelt definitely out of place, frightened. At Indiana there are nearly equal numbers of co-eds and eds, and the change is striking. The average Purdue man is similar to his Indiana brother. He is generally hatless, wears a sweater and corduroys, which become more impressive with age and dirt. He does not smoke on the campus, and here is the greatest difference from his I. U. brother, who smokes everywhere. 1 soon learn that, smoking on the Purdue campus is not prohibited, but that non-smok-ing is a tradition; which duly labels itself as a good impression.
pital lahnounced last nigbt that th6
steals of the Administration Building last Thursday has improved considerably.' However, tjiey were unable ti> make a-statement regarding the date of his release. Spies is a junior in the school of mechanical engineering and a member of the track squad; Ge will have to wear a east for several weeks'after his release and will not be able to participate in any more track meets this season.
STAFF MEN WILL— (Continued from page 1) macy staff, Rnd will open at 1 o’clock. At 1:16, Dean Henshaw and Dr. Pimmons, of the Indiana School of Dentistry, will talk on “The Pharmacist and the Dentist”. At 2:15, Dean Edward Spease, of Western Reserve University, will speak on “The Pharmacist and the Doctor”. A joint session of the boards of colleges of pharmacy will
xiiia cvtiiimg^s session will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall, where at 8 o’clock .Dr, Hbward Haggard, professor of physiology at Yale University, wijU speak on “Medical Fads and Superstitions”. , ' Dr. Haggard wrote the widely publicized book, “Devils, Drugs, and Doctors”, and is well known as an author and lecturer. His talk will be open to the general public. At 9:30, there will be a reception in the faculty lounge of the Union Building which Will bring the convention to a close.
Dr. Morris Fishbein, editor of the Journal of the American Medical Society, was the principal speaker at the dinner meeting of the convention which was held last night at 6 :30 in the Memorial Union ballroom. His: subject was “Socialized Medicine”. Several other eminent men connected with the pharmacy profession spoke during the day.
The co-ed impresses me as being more sensible than her Indiana sister in the matter of dress. She generally W-ears a sweater and skirt, end oxfords. ‘She seldom trips across the campus in high heels as does the Indiana co-ed. Yes, she is sensible, and I am also impressed by her friendliness. Outwardly, Indiana and Purdue are rivals, and the sons and daughters of one school are eager to outdo the defenders of the other. Inwardly may be- found about the same purposes in education, and the same ideas concerning careers. I consider it an interesting experience to have acquainted myself with two of Indiana’s universities.
at Purdue University Airport
Expert Flying Instruction in the Air at These Low Rates
Consult Your Parents This Yaeation
rom
CAPTAIN AMETZ, Lessee
Purdee Univerisity Airport
WBAA
Todsr 11:00—Business and Professional Speech. Prof. Lull. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Mid-Day Melodies. 12:16—Orval Wray’s Orchestra.' 12:80—Aces of Rhythm. 12:46—Civic Agencies. . , 1:00—Musical Memories. 1:16—Howard Keenan, pianist. 1 ;80—Treasure Chest. 1:46—Final Mairkets. 2:00—'Home Economics. 2:16—^English Literature. 2 :SO—Don Bowden, tenor. 2 i45—W. P. A. Muslcii^. 8:00—Highland Grade School.