/ f4i . V . 1 ’ •'' . ' - ^ ,.K/„''‘>#
acro club to hold f Air Meet For All Pilots ; ^ Kext Sunday Morning
Estai^lished 1889
XMJ04ie4U. 9 Daily Since 1906
EDITOR COMMENTS On Policies Of Stuclent Senate In Editoridl
Volume 53, No. 163
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, April 9, \94Z
Spiles debris chooses new officers At Convo Tonight Ball,Patrick,Minton,Walker,Blank
Will Head The Debris Staff For'42-'43
In Fowler Hall Sponsored by the Associated Women Students, Mary Craig McGeachy, attache of the British Embassy at Washington, D, C., will speak on “The Challenge of Total War to Universities” before a special convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall
tonight at 7:30.
Miss McGeachy, who is a native of Canada and a graduate of Toronto, has been associated with international affairs for fifteen years. She helped
Purdue Athletic Council Names Lodge President Dave Lodge, Sigma Nu from
Robinson, 111., was named president of the Purdue Athletic Council in its annual election, held last eve-
ning in the Fieldhouse.
Lodge, newly named basketball manager, will succeed Dick Raney, Pi Kappa Phi from Chicago, letir-
ing PAC president.
Named to vice-president position with the Council was Wirt Farley. Wade Neal, Delta Tau Delta from Dearborn, Mich., was elected sec-retary-treasurer. Parley, Phi Kappa Psi from Winnetka, 111., football manager for the 1942 season.
ROTC To Conduct Special Review Honoring MacArthur Tomorrow
Review To Be Part Of National Tribute
with the European Student Relief movement in 1928 and visited continental universities in France, Spain, Switzerland, Italy, Austria, Hungary, Czechoslovakia and Germany in connection with relief
work.
Was League of Natioms Member A member of the League of Nations Secretariat in Geneva, seiving for ten years as British Dominions’ liaison officer, she was closely connected with the League’s work in nutrition, inquiries into standards of living, commercial access to raw materials, and refugees. She was transferred to London following the outbreak of the war and was attached to the Ministry of Economic Warfare. In December, 1940, she was sent to the United States as an attache of the British Embassy in Washington, D. C. The convocation will be open to the student body and general public without charge. Screen Review To Present Seven
I
Short Subjeds Today “Screen Review,” the regular Thui'sday afteimoon series of movie short presentations, will continue the showing of its second semester series this afternoon from 3 until 6 in the Music Hall. Included in today’s program are the following short subjects: “Indian Durbar” at 3, 4:05 and 5:10; “Breezy Little Bears” at 3:10, 4:15 and 5:20; “The Battle,” from the Miniature series, at 3:30, 4:25 and 5:30; “Window Cleaners,” a Disney cartoon, at 3:80, 4:35 and 5:40; “News of the Day” at 3:37 and 4:42; “Unusual Occupations” at 3:46 and 4:60; and “Motoicycle Stunting,” from the Spoi tlight scries, at 3:65 and 5. Passports are absolutely necessaiy for adirrission to today’s performance. The Gimlets, Reamers and Student Unioh workeis at the door will admit no one without this means of identification.
Sigma Delta Chi To Present Best Teacher, Leather Medal Award
By Joe Wendell
As this spring senrester draws to a close. Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, is again making preparations for the presentation of the Best Teacher and Leather Medal awards. These awards are given out each year to those two individuals considered by the members of Sigma Delta Chis as best exemplifying the standards set
up for the awards.
Selections are made from the suggestions and nominations submitted
by the faculty and student body. All recon^mendations should be turned approved this review and has an-
in to John Traugott, president of Sigma Delta Chi, in care of the Exponent by next Saturday. Both awards will be presented at commencement time and are now hung in Hall of the Union opposite the
east desk.
Presented For Past 20 Years Awarded to the “man who makes the greatest contribution to the welfare, success and reputation of Purdue University,” the Leather Medal has for the past twenty years been presented by Sigma Delta Chi, in cooperation with and on behalf of the student body, to such men as President Elliott, Noble Kizer, ex-
Waterworks Ass'n To Open Annual Conference Today Registration for between 150 and 200 water plant owners and operators today at 9 a.m. m the Union will open the 35th annual meeting of the Inidana section of the American Waterworks Association. The conference will continue today and tomorrow. President E. C. Elliott
Richard T. Ball, CE ’43, of Lafayette, Jeanne E. Patrick, Sci. '43, of Fort Wayne, and Stephen A. Minton, Met. '43, of Indianapolis, will direct the staff of the ’42-’43 DEBRIS as editor in chief, coed editor, and business manager respec-
To U S Armv Chief Debris Electoral board announced yesterday aft-
^ ernoon following the annual elections. Ruth S. Walker, Sci.
Special review of the Purdue '43^ of Barberton, Ohio, and
Eleanor J. Blank, HE ’43, of Lorain, Ohio, will head the
photography staff.
Junior editor positions will
be filled by Dorothy Ragsdale, Lucille Chaminade, Mary Lee Hyde, Jean Yahres, Bill Badger, Dave Heckard, John Wiske
and Charles Showalter.
In a series of addresses yester- Business Staff ^ day afternoon before the first ag- The junior business staff assist-
ROTC will be held on Intramural Field on tomorrow afternoon at 3 o’clock in observance of MaeArthur day. The day is being obseiwed all over the nation at the different colleges as a tribute to MacArthur and the men under his command.
Classes Dismissed
The Executive Committee has
Bankers^
Clinic
Closes "
noqnced that classes will be dismissed at 2:30 tomorrow afternoon. In case of rain the review will be postponed and a three gun salute will be fired at 1:55 p.m. In such a case the regular classe.s will con-
tinue as usual.
The ROTC corps will form at the Armory at 2:30 p.m. and the review will begin at 3 p.m. on the In-
tramural field.
Inspection Next Week Next week will also feature an inspection'of the University ROTC corps. That review will be the annual inspection and will be made by Colonel J. R. Stai’key, Lt. Colonel W. B. Weston and Lt. Colonel
took over the vice-president’s po- Governor Leslie, “Piggy” Lambert, welcome the delegates at the W. R. Ciu’eton. This inspection is sition formerly held by Jim Adams, “Spots” Emrick, David Ross and meeting of the confeience at to serve the purpose of selecting
Fort Wayne, member of Phi Delta Theta fraternity. Neal, baseball manager for the Boilermaker diamond squad, succeeded Bill Maierhoffer, Sigma Chi officer of the Council. Following the election of officeis at the meeting, a committee was appointed to determine the status of athletic managers in swimming, wrestling, golf, and tennis. The Athletic Council was formed on May 8, last yeai, following student vote to adopt the Council as an outgrowth of the old Student Athletic Association. The PAC, containing the seven student members, managers in track, football, baseball, and ba.sketball, and two faculty member.s, assists Athletic Director Guy Mackey in the furthering of athletic endeavor at the University. tAock Wedding ... in Lafayette 17 years ago had as its principals Jimmy Titus, 6 years old, and Diane Danly, 4. Last week Diane became the biide of Lieut. Titus of the United States
Army.
G. A. Young. a.m., and the I'emainder of the Stanley Coulter, former dean of morning will be devoted to address
men, was the first to receive the Leather Medal; and last year its recipient was T. A. “Shorty” Purchla, popular master sergeant with a myriad of service stripes on his sleeve denoting his 22 years of service to the Umveisity. Established in 1938 in connection with an extensive Exponent-Sigma Delta Chi survey of students and faculty opinion conducted in order to set up standaids for good teaching, the Best Teacher medal has since then been annually awarded to “the best of Pin due’s good teachers.” Those who have received the Best Teacher award are J. A. Estey, head of the history, economics and government department; Seibert Fairman, applied mechanics department and Neil Little, mathematics department. Students are urged by Sigma Delta Chi to turn in them nominations for the two awards and scholastic honoraiies are especially asked to submit their recommendations in order that complete coverage may be obtained in this year’s selections.
Windowless House Simplifies Application Of New Type Heating At Housing Research Community Campus
es by the following speakers: Otto C. Jensen, chief examiner of the Indiana State Board of Accounts, speaking on “The Water Plant Su-
perintendent”; B. A. Poole, chief of one year,
engineer State Boar^ of Health, and P$ul Reed, sanitary engineei of the Board of Health, both speaking on “What Can the Water Plant Superintendent Do?” Miss Esther Rains, personnel director, Indianapolis Water Company, will close the morning’s progiam with a talk on “Trends in Personnel Today.” Following a luncheon Haiiy E. Jordan, seci\etary of the Association will discuss methods of maintaining good watei service in emergencies. “Lessons from the Long Extended Di ought,” by Hugh A. Barnhart, directoi of conservation; “Importance of Accident Pievention,” by Ralph J. Young, safety director. Public Service Company of Indiana; and reports will close the afternoon sessions. At the infoimal dinner to be held at 6:30, L. R. Howson, president of the association will discuss
“Repaiiing for Defense.”
Tomorrow, fire protection and prevention, arson and sabotage, and emergency piecautionary measures will he discussed If time pcimits a lound table discussion will he conducted on subjects pei taming to
the national emeigency.
institutions who have “excellent’ units. Those units are to be designated by the corps area commander. The University’s coips has won this honor every year since the fiist World war with the exception
ricultural clinic sponsored by the ing Minton will consist of Ted TheoIndiana Bankers Association at dose, Ray McLaughlin, Jim Dunn, Purdue University, emphasis was ^^d Bob Sauter. placed on the necessity for the Con Mers, Gordon Macldin, proper use of farm credit in order Wayne Reynolds, and Vercoe Jones to avoid a repitition of the disas- -work as associate photograpl^r trous days that followed the World editors.
War
The electoral board which made
Credit Agencie.s’ Problems the selections was made up of the Speaking before nearly 150 Hoo- present senior Debris staff, Prof, sier bankers, largely from rural j. h. McKee of the English deareas, J. Carrol Bottum, of the Pur- partment, W. A. Bodden, chief acdue agricultural economics depart- countant and assistant controller of ment, pointed out that the present the University, T. R. Johnston, diproblem facing both credit agen- rector of the University bureau of cies and the farmer is the wise ex- information, and Prof. R. W. Bahtension and use of credit. cock also of the English depart-
Theodore Reinings, president of ment. the Peoples National Bank and
Tiust Co., Washington, said, “I have no doubt as to the farmer’s willingness, ability, and capacity to do all the things necessary to help win the war if their program is not hampered by I’ed tape and
The annual Gala Day review regulation.” which has been held m years be- Danger Ahead
fore will not be held this year because of the shortened school year.
Interest in Review Desired All students and members of the
teaching staff are urged to show their interest in the Military Department by attending the review scheduled for Friday afternoon, stated President Elliott. Attendance upon the review is compul-
sory for all military students.
ROTC To Honor Senior Officers At Corps Day
Tuesday; Thursday
University Flying Club To Sponsor Air Meet April 12 Pilots To Compete In Three Events Purdue Flying Club is sponsor^ ing an Air Meet open to all pilots who have a student permit or higher, Sunday morning, April 12, at
11.
Three events will make up the meet: 180 degree spot landing, relay race and percision cross-coun-try. In the spot landing each pilot will be given two chances to make the best possible score. The relay shall consist of three pilots racing around a prescribed course and re-
“Inflation, the Farmer, and the turn, the winners being tiie team Country Bankei” provided the top- that makes the best time.
Dr. E. L. Butz of the Purdue agricultural economics department warned that there are danger signals ahead in the Indiana farm real
estate market.
H. H. Halderman, of Wabash, who manages more than 20,000 acres of fai-m land from Cincinnati to the Michigan line, assured the rural bankers that he had found that the local banker in most instances will furnish credit if given the op-
portunity.
Dr. Young, member of the Purdue agricultural economics department, and Dean A. A. Potter of the Purdue schools of engineering, were also among the speakers.
By Betty Campbell “And this is the windowless house,” said Mr. Boestei, Diiector of the Purdue Housing Research, as we came up to the latest house built on the Homes and Community Campus. We tinned up our nose. “Why should anyone want to live in a bouse with no windows?”
I asked.
Mr. Boestcr tinned to me with interest; here was someone he
ration of rock wool and shale binder, and the slabs theiefore vaiy in density and insulating eharactoiistics. Already ceitain sections arc appealing defective in one way or anothoi, but on the whole the expci iment ill this mate! lal is pioving most successful.” Heating And Ventilaling “Veiy interesting,” wo romaikcd when he had fiiii'-hod, “but what
do not have any radiatois oi legisters in the rooms. An for ventilation comes in through a special ope'ning provided for the purpose, and two exhaust fans lemove foul an.”
Sells For $2,000
Being a typical Amencan, we next inquired, “How much?” Mr. Bocster replied that all oi the research in housing has as an ob-
Naval V-7 Course For College Men Will Close May 1
ic for a panel discussion in. which
the bankers took part.
The final summaiy of the clinic was provided by Herbert C. Morrison, president of the Ralston Bank and Trust Co., Crawfordsville.
Foresters Start
Annual Field Trip Satuday At 8 A.M.
Precision Cross Country will test the pilot’s ability at navigatioiu The prizes shall be Wilsonite Pilots’ Sun Glasses. An entry fee of ten cents per event will be charged, and applidation blanks ai-e available at the airport. Airplanes are to be furnished by Captain L. I. Artez at the standard charge. Further information may be obtained from Maurice Bernhai'd, 7724, or Frank Habicht,
3063.
could explain thi.s house to—a task about the healing and ventilating
that never tires that man.
No Windows Siinplilies Experiment
“This house,” he went on to say,
“is an experiment, as aie all of our houses out here. We don’t leave the windows out of the house because we think it is the thing to do, but it would simplify oiu expeiimentation with a mateiial of which the exteiior walls and loof aio built; and it would fnither simplify the application of a new pnnciplc in
heating.
“The exterior walls of the house consist of sections of a ‘cast stone’ material, which is principally a mixture of gianulated rock wool and a Special shale binder as made by the Rostone Corporation. These
Naval training course known as V-7, which leads to Officei’s Commissions in the U. S. Naval Reserve for college men in their junioi and scnioi yeais will be closed about
, May 1, 1942, according to an an-
jective the development of houses by C. R. Beeler, U. S.
There, we though, we’ve got him now; hut how wrong we were! “Glad you asked about that,” said Bocstci ; “we’re leally pioiid of the heating system, which in Ihe summer time is also the cooling system. In the eentei ol the house theic IS a small compaitmcnt that contains a water coil and a blower; through the coil flows hot or cold
that will house a man, wife, and children of opposite sexes, at a cost foi labor and inaleiial not to ex-
ceed .$2,000. '
We had saved oui best question till last. Now, we decided, was the time to spiing it. “How is the place lighted ? Pi etty expensive, we
imagine.”
“Not at all,” said Booster, shattering our last line of attack; “on
watei, depending on the season of the other hand, it is ically cheapoi
the year, and the fan pulls air through this coil. The air passes through air spaces in the walls,
ceiling and floors.
At this point we interrupted to ask what air spaces in the ceilings
and walls might be.
“Oh soiry,” said my guide. “The
in the long run. We have installed in each room a number of fluoiescent tubes of the foot candles of ilumination required for the size of the room, and the character of its wallpaper. These floiiresdent tubes are recessed in the celling, and the light is diffused through a
Naval Rosei ves. Men who are inti'i'ested in oblaimng this tiaining aic uiged to file application at pace foi this cla-ssificafion since it will not he re-opened aftiu' closing, about May 1. Newman Club To Hold Annual Picnic Sunday Newman Club will hold its annual picnic Sunday, Api'il 12, after 9:30 mass. After chinch members of the club will meet in'St. Mary’s auditorium foi election of officers. Coffee and doughnuts will be served. Following the election the group will leave foi Cary Camp wheio the picnic will bo hold.
As has been the custom in past
years the senior Cadet Officers of the University ROTC unit and the seniors of the band will be honored at Corps Day, Tuesday and Thursday of next week at 11 a.m. These “Graduation Reviews” are the last appearance of the senior cadet officers before the corps and are highlighted by the junior cadet officers assuming command and pass-
ing the Brigades in review. Tuesday’s review will honor the
senioi cadet officers and senior band Forestry club will hold its anmembers of the second brigade ^ual field day on next Satui’day. while Thursday’s review will honor feature of the morning will be the senior cadet officeis and senior Cunningham farm four
band members of the first bi igade. lyjiieg east of Romney.
Brigades To Form At Armory , Busses will leave the Horticulture On these days the biigades will building at 8 a. m,. There will be no form in the Armory and march un- charge for transportation. A proder the command of the present se- of voluntary tieo planting
nior cadet jifficei s to Russel Field ^ill bo held at the farms, where the seniors will relinquish Qames jn Afternoon
their commands to the junior cadet ipbe afternoon program will start officers and lepoit to the reviewing j consist of games and
stand. Following this the brigade contests between the different auspices of the public relations coinwill then be presented to the re- classes. Baseball, tug of war, tree mittee of tile Lafayette Chaniber viewing party and passed in review identification, and tree cutting con- of Commerce and the Lafayette
by the junior Cadet Officeis. be included in the after- School Board.
During the past semester senior noon activities. Judge Lynn Parkinson, presidetit Cadet Colonel A. A. Topp has been According to James Abernethy, of the Chamber of Commerce, will commander of the hirst Brigade president of the Forestry Club, an make a short address concerning and Cadet Colonel N. W. Rabei has evening’ meal will be served for the war. Members of the Jeffei'Son
been commander of the Second twenty-five cents. Brigade. All membeis of the dub All students and the public are u,.ged to attend the field day.
invited by the Military department
University Band To Present Concert Sunday Afternoon
Uiiivei^ity Symphonic Band will appear in\ a special concert Sunday afternoon at 2:30 in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium under th«
to witness the last oiitdooi paijade of the Corps for the present semester.
slabs are sections foui inches thick, house is so constiucted and framed paraffin treated linen that gives it
three feet wide, and nine feet long. They are load-bearing, fire-safe, weather-proof, and serve as insulation—in other words, a multi-pur-pose material. True to the sport of
that the inside ceiling and wall surfaces have a space between them and the roof and outside wall slabs. The heated or cooled an passes up and ovci the entire ceiling, down
the experiment, none of the slabs the outside walls, and leturns back are alike; each slab has a different under the doors. As you nolo, we
a natural and pleasing daylight appearance. Flourescent lights are cheaper to operate than regular lights, and many people feel they
give better soivice.”
“We give up,” we declined; “give mo a windowless house every tune.”
Pro/. R. N. Shreve Claude Harper
... of the School of Chemical Engineoi ing, spoke last night on “Precious and Semi-precious Jewels”
. . . assistant chief of the animal husbandry department, spoke on
Kemler, Kulik Write Air Pressure Article Pi'ofessoi E. N. Kemler and N Kulik, of the School of Mechanical Engineering, have an article in the April, 1942, issue of Industrial Power. The title of the article is “Air
“Extension Work Experiences,” at Piessure Drop in Piping,” and it
High School Band will serv6 ks ushers. The concert is open to the public and it will markka i-evival of the concerts held in past years aa a cooperative project for the University band, the Chamber of Goitt^
merce, and the high school. Weekly Mixer
t
, . . wjll feature the orchestra w Noel Hall from Hammond.
play in the North Ballroom of Ijhfe
before an open meeting of the stu- a regular meeting of Hoof and gives a quick way to graphically Union from 8:30 p.m. to 11:80 Sat-
dent chapter oi the American In- ' i— ' ’ . -
stitute of Chemical Engineers.
Horn, animal husbandry club, in solve problems concerning the flow iirday night. Tickets will be on the Union last night. of air and other compressible fluids, for the tegular price of $1.10.w
Exponent Editorial And Feature Page Thursday, April 9, m2
MW Exponent Ail-American 194Q-'4V
A jl
Offices: EditoHal and Business,
Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005
Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792
Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
wittstiwe BdiiftV E«Sinc«H Manager ; t^mattaln^.MttnOiRT
5.|Sa««r: ....
S.t£M*-«d|t«t..i, ...
John F. Amos :,. Don T. Brophy Johh ft. Atw«i'6Taie; ,, William D. Millard Ken K. Gjemre !.... Ted qUrk Alice Chatficld
PuMickftbrt . Staff ’Ai^Clitfc Editors iBditortel Staff: R. W. Uowinklc.- ii). E. Biilz. W. G. Hoskins, A. P. HunUr. D. W. Ocbiltrei-. W. E. Rnfort. Sports Staffc iX E. iircwcr, J. S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick, H. W. KripKcr. : Sally Bo.alt. CliavIoUc Hass, Jeon Laiier, Dons ■Ei«k«-inj;-. Business Staff S COeB Business Manneerv Julia Martin. AAvertiiuOe Mkitasrotsi J. >1- M’riKht. D. I,. Johnson. <arculution Menaeer: G. H.- Kloumnn. Accounts Manaeer: Trenii TorrciiKn. Jutiioi: Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim. Steff Fbr This Issue Ni*ht Editor: BOsVfihkte Day Editor: Ijntr tsoue Editor: buestcrliere Sports Editor: Brewer Reporters: Hoi'lan<K HoWr. Parsons, Ford, Guernsey, Hass, Jhihtr'rii Stabile, 'rbompstm. Entared as second class matter aj the post office in Lafayette, Indjatait under the act of CotiKres's of March .■(, 1879, and al the i^Ocial rate of postap'e provided for in section 1103. wet oif.bctoher S. ISlv, authorized January 20, 1922. Pulilished &lb'. Oaccpl MoViday diiriuK the regular academic yeiT and teoekly. during the summer-.Session. Delivered locally by eavKer for $.3..70 per year, mall subscriptions, $4.00. Represented for national advertising by National AdyertisifUti Swviye,, Inc.. Cptl!e$«‘ publishers Kepresentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
le
GRIN Af
4D BE
:arii:
Student Senators... Elections for .sophomore and junior positions in the Ihtudcnt Senate will be held next week (except the fre.shmen engineering represtehtatives which \Vill be held this Saturday.) To the unknowing ones this would seem like a momentous occasion when the student bbdy for once could be felt in the conduct of llniversity affairs. This not exactly true. The fenate here unlike representative organizations in many schools wields no reat jiowers bver the general student body. From the “Self Analysis of Extra Curricular Activities” which is a report of the various activities on campus compiled by a committee composed of the heads of the activities and .several faculty members, we find that in rnatters pertaining to government of the student body, the Senate; 1. “Serves as a body whereby the student problems and opinions may be placbd before'the administrative branch of the University.” ^ 2'. “Ser\'^es avS abody that has the power to enforce student regulation of Organization (ratification of constitutions of .sttideht organizations). - In other words, if a problem arises a student may take it up with the senate but he is actually more likely to go either to the office of the Dean of Men or Women or to the head of his school. In control Over activities the control of the seiiate has been pretty well limited to passing on constitutions. This serves merely to eliminate such organizations.as are felt to be unbeneficial either to the student or to the University. Aside from governing the senate does many useful services for the student body. 1. ' It conduct's elections. 2. It operates lost and found. ,3. It publishes (with help from the Activities Bureau) the Freshman Handbook. 4. It has organized a system for faculty rating by students. 5. It has compiled a list of tutors and typists. Since this is the case men should be selected for their willingness to work as the foremost requirement. The only opportunities to elect senators come during the freshman and sophomore Weal's at the University and consequently • the chances of the average .student knowing the candidate or having any idea of his qualifictions are nearly non-exi.stent. This made little difference when the “Boilermakers” and “Progres.sives” controlled the elections but now that they have become practically defunct there should be nothing in the way of election of men who are well qualified for the po.sition.s. A first .step in this direction will be taken Saturday when the engineering candidates will be presented to the fre.shmen at the regular engineering lecture. This should be only the beginning of a. program to acquaint all the students with the candidates either in forums or in school assemblies. A plan such as this will remedy the situation wherein a candidate is unknown to the people whom he expects to elect him.
By drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen (Editor’s Note: This is the second of a series on the crucial U. S. shipping situation.) ■WASHINGTON, April 8,—There are two major phases to the H. S. sh'ippirtg picture currently the sourest spot in the war program. One, discussed two days ago in this column, is the problem of speeding' the production of hundreds of desperately needed cargo vessels, A.s revealed in that article, this vast program is being seriously hampered'by waste, inefficie'ncy and pilfering' of public' funds and ^materials. ' ' ‘ The other phase is the equally vital job of loadin.g and routing' the great fleet of the United Nations. Here too the stoi'y is often the same—mismanag''ement, tragic waste and wdf'se.' ■ ' ' The picture is not all black. As in the case of shipbuilding, the situation on the West Coast liow is very good—^thanks to recent marked ini-pV-ovemeril diie in the aOpbirttnitltt oT A regional shipping czaf, t>ean Wayne Morse’ of Oregon Uniyersity. Authority was centralized in his hands on the joint iTCOrnrhendatioU of ship operators and the CIO longshor'eftl'dW’s uriion, the dbminant nnfritime Ihhor of Sanitation, l^tit bn" the'Atlantic Coast the picture is very different. There it smells to high heaveP.' Pollowing* the excellent results obtained by the appointment of Morse, the President advised Wav Shipping Administi'ator Emory S, (Jerry) Land to Clean up the dismal East Coast mess the same way. The insi<le word is that Land balked under pressure from the operators and Jack Pyan, burly boss of the AFL lon,g'shoreman’s union, which rules the Boston, New Vork ap'd Philadelphia watei'fi'onts. I'iVaL CIO marine leaders charge that behind the opposition of llyan and the operators is the fear that under an impartial federal shipping czar the CIO unions will wrest control of the waterfront from them. But whatovei' the reason, it h. ;i fact that L;-ind has resisted taking the step that h:is pi-odnced such excellent results, on the West Coast. • Cases It is also a fact that the ship loading situation on the Atlantic Coast has become .so bad that the .Justice Hepartment and Truman committee have started proV)es that already have uncovered .shocking, evidence. . These disclosures are so serious that insiders .say it is practically cei'tain there will he arrests and prosecutions on O'iminal charges. These arc some of llie things discovered by the investigators: 1. That large numbers of known memhei's of the Bund, Christian Front and similarOrganizations are permitted to load ships carrying war supplies to Britain and Russia. 2. That one ship broke in two and caiisizeil iir mid-ocean due to improper loading. Tanks and other heavy equipment had Ueen loaded fore and aft and light materials amid.ships, violating the first rule 'Of ship loading to disfribiile a car.go evenly, investigating agents are convinced this Was sabotage. 3. - Shifting Cargo forced another ship to turn hack from a Russia-bound convoy. The vessel was torpedoed and sunk a day later. 4. Five other vessels Which developed cargo-shift-ing trouble also had to turn back, but fortunately escaped Nazi subs. However, to save them from breaking up and capsizing, a consiclerable portion of their pi.-e'eiou's war cargoes had to be thrown into the sell. When the ships landed it was found that"in two of them there were no cotter pins ih the shackles to \Vhich wires and chains, securing the cargoes, wc)-G fastened. This was chalked 'down by investigators as another clear case of saliotage at the loading port. !i. Recently in Philadelphia a nUmher of long.shoremeii belonging to a certain pro-Axis organization boycotted a ship assigned to carry important fighting equipment to Russia, The vessel Was held up more than a week. Fifty-m’our men working in .staggered gangs of 18 each could have loaded this ship easily in two days. Yet due to sortie mysterious influence the necessary 54 men could not be immediately found in this teeming port city. Note: Several weeks ago, in an effort to clean up the bad ship-routing muddle that had developed under Land, the President brought back Lewis Douglas, onc-tiine Budget Director, fiom London, where he was assisting Lend-Lease Coordinator Averell Harriman, and put him to work on the problem. Douglas already has greatly improved the routing situation. • Shenanigans Chinese Ambassador Hu Shih called on the President the other day, and took time out from war proliloms to .say: “Mr. President, I am a groat admirer of your radio talks. Yohr delivei y is supei-h, hut even more remarkable is yoiir choice of language."-''Roosevelt thanked the Ambassador for the comiilimcnt, hut Hu Shih had more to say. “It is your mastery of simple language, which I most admire—^your scorn of polysyllables and academic phrases. .j, “But," continued Hu Shih, “there was one word in a recent broadcast which I couldn’t understand. It was a four-syllable word, and you seldom use foursyllable words.” “IVhat word was that?” asked the President. “Shenanigans,” said the Ambassadoi'.
a^vte
Editor’s Note: The following is taken from the Exponent of October. 'J'he revival of the tank tussle brings back to the cldei- student.s fond memories of their freshman and sbphpinore days. It is the-.same sti uggle with perhaps an added growth in animosity and intensity. The chapel lecture, the natui ai sequence of .such a night of ft’pHc, has become obsolete and the rank hero who " fipt he i? satisfied if his numbers are w'ritten there has hi'aved the terrors of a “scrap” no longer sulks
On WBAA
■ssm
-And if you intend to register women for army -tvork, you’ll have to be more delicate and subtle about age limits !”
University Calendar
Thursd.iy, April 9
9:66 10:10 10:15 10:30 10:66 11:00 11:15' 11:30 11:45 lllBO 11:56 12:00 12:30 12:55 1:00 1:15 1:30 1:45 1:55 2:00 2:15' 2:30 2:45 2:56 3:00 3:30 3:65 4:00 4:15 4:30 4:45 4:50
News The Curio Man Music Listen While You Work , News Federated Cluba , \ Miteic Parent Teacher Association Music Purdue News News Agrieultural Foruna Meet the Band News, ' • , , Parents’ Forum Souvenirs Scien'ce Review Markets News Story a D'ay The Ap'othecary Music Treasure Chest News Mrs. Bachman—pianist Musical Pound-Up News 'T'ea Time Tunes Heal’d liV the'Hallway Music, The Curio 'Man Mdfeic ’'■ ■' ■ ,
4:66 News 5:06 Just Pelax 6:30 Vespers 6:4.5 Little Miks Mulfett 5:66 News 6:0‘0 Dinner Hour 6:30 Sports Review 6:45 Music , 6:55 News 7:00 “Urban Sociology” witli Pi'of. 'L. K. Ndss' 7:60 Music 7:66 News 8:00 Story Behind Music 8:30 J'dhntiy* Elemis-^singer 8:4,6 Eventide Echoes 8:55 News 9:00 Musicana 9':55 News 4 10:0,6 Off the Air
. . . Amcu'ican Institute of Electrical Engineers, elected at its last meeting the follpwing neVv oflleers: Joe T. Youngblood, chairman; Harry J. Reed, pro.gram chaii'inan; EdWard G: Keipol-, publicity chairman'; Rolici't A. Vanbghton-; menibership chaiiman; Byi'on L. Parsons, secretary; Lewis L. Bonham, treasure)'; and Pvichard E. Booher, senior representative.
W||||||||||fl|||||||i||)|inll{|||||||||ill'lll||||||||{illjHliii)ll£
10:00 A,.M
Indiana Brunch- Ame'ric.an VViitcr IVoiks Assneiatidn
12:1.5 P.M.- Water Works Aic-'ocialion '' Luiicliean 3:0(1 I’.M. Screen I’cVic-w (1:30 P.IV!.- Water Works A.s.sociutioii Dinner 7:00 P.M.—Animal .Sciciic(‘ Forum 7:1.5 P.iVi. Riding Chin Mcoting, 7:30 I'.M. - Entomolo.gy Society Meeting 7:3(1 I’.M. -Civil' Air I’-alroI , 7:30 l’.M.--(3amera Cluh Meeting 7:30 P.M.— ffliiistian Student FelloWsliip. 7:30 P.M.- - l.eet'uia,'--Assoei'ate<i Women SiudcnljH .y ,7:30 P.M.- -P. L A. Chorus : .8:00 P.M.EOivii.sh Clu!)
8:00
Indiana Poeidy Prol'essi.jiiai Rngir.ee:s
■ Both Paevilty I.rUinges, 'Union .Noi'l.h Balli'oorn, Union • Hall of M Liisic , ■ North Ballroom,, Union -Room 2,63, Uiiion ■ Room 305,Union • Room 10.3, Ag Mall ■ ■ Room 30.3, Union' Room 304, Union . • Room .”>07, Union • ■Eliza Fowler Hall • Tower, Union -Ea.st Facviliy Lge., Union • Room 212, Union
Everything for a College Eflnention ' DEAC’S
HELD OVER! Throii'^lt Safurday
GOOD PRINTING _ aC PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Les$ Money Kanc'$ Print Shop 401 S. Zbrh St. Phiirie 5205
S It's Rough - - ~ S Tough .rod Tertic! g I VICTOR MacLAGLEN | i EbMUNO LOWE = § -^in— S jCALL OUT THE MARINESj S ——plus— g g (Mighfy Cavaleadc of co'ufa'g'C! S I VALLEY OP THE SUN | = with ' S 1 JAMES CRAIG - LUClLLE BALL g niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiitiiiiiii)iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii6;
Dean Arno .Nowotny, head of t.ho University of Texas student employment bureau places 2,000 undergraduate.s in job.s each year.
LyHA -TODAY - FRI. - SAT.— - 2 FIRST RUN HITS —
WIERD! ... WHACKY! .. . BAFFLING! *lt’$ the master movie mystery J
—Plus— . TWO-GUN western THRILLS! with JOHNNY brown Fuzzy KNIGHT
Ams:
^ Roars rotk the Rockies and j belly laughs blast bandies
in
LW^SHUTmV me mourn
with Adele Mara'- Victor lory • Fritz Feld Don Beddoe • Uoyd Bridges • Forrost Tocker
MARS Toifiy-riiiDAr
STARTING today
LOUIS vs, SIMON Se'd Private Louis i'n his greatest fight. Tirtve of fight: 1:25; 4:14; 7:09; 10:01. Wiis our regular show.
ALSO
'KING OF THE TEXAS RANGERS' LATEST PATHE NEWS
witlnn hi.s tent after the battle but with drowsy eye and halting step seeks his chapel seat in perfect security. With added vim he sjngs the chapel .songs in voice indicative of nocturnal exposure and latei' flunks his tests with all the bravado of a martyi' tried and true. Once again in hi.s I'oom he brings forth his paint bespattered coat and a hottle of something that is suspiciously redolent with benzine, bends his perspiring form to a good hour of animated rubbing in the fond hope the coat can be made to do without striking pater familias for the price of another, where all may gaze and admire. That is his reward and small though it may appear, it is moi'e to him than a king’s ransom, and greater to be prized than silver or gold. Only those who have partaken of tho joys of a genuine tank painting exiiedition and its attendant teri'ors can fullj' appreciate the otherwise, than the foolish side and only vetcians can know the spirit and fii-e it develops.
HELD OVER! THROUGH SATURDAY BY POPULAR DEMAND 1942's FIRST BIG HARDY HIT
April 9, 1942.
Dear Senior:
Watch f or the mail-man toda'V ! He is bringing you a letter that makes It very convenient to subscribe to the EXPONENT. These are days, not to reminisce, but to keep up with an"ever-changing world and, moreover, an everchanging Alma Mater—A-'University at War. During the last four months the EXPONENT has contributed much to the University's war effort. We want to continue to serve you and the University by bringing to you, through '42, news of bid PURDUE. The sale of a used text book will do it. Don't worry about changes of address. A postcard to us will change your ADDRESSOGRAPH plate the day it is received. Won't you drop the envelope you get in any of those little wooden campus, mailboxes“-postage free?
Sincerely yours, ^ .-J^iouman Ass't. Giro. Mgr.
GHK/kkgli 'tBpfc ■“ * Ha' ^ Purdue : Cl 13
Exponent "D T O
ThnrsJayy April 9, 1942 ■m.iiJTif. (1 11^ ''
Kid Fage ^ - ■ - - * -i «■
IM Schedules TW followiiig teams will play baseball Tbursclay evening at 4 15 Diamond Triangle vs Theta Tan 1 Alpha Khppa Lambda vs Phi kappa Psi 2 lOslta chi Vs Phi Delta Theta j Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Pi 1
Tan Epsilon Phi vs Alpha Chi Rho 6 Phi Kappa Sigma Vs Bela Sigma Psi 6 Kappa Delta Rho vs Theta Chi 7 Alpha Tan Omega vs Delta Tan Delta 8 Phi Gamma Delta vs Signla Chi 9 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Alpha Sigma Phi 10
Invest in a new Suit of Tux or Tails now and look your best at the Prom. VARSITY TOWN
TUX $35.00
TAILS $37.50
GEISLER’S VARSITY
TUX $24-50
TAILS $32-50
Also Complete Line of Accessories at All Prices
Rental Tux or Tails for the man who does not prefer to buy ctt this Time. Get our prices '—place your orders ealy. EVERY GARMENT STERALIZED
Iowa Vs. Gophers IOWA CTTY, loWa, Apnl 7 — Iowa’S Uawkeye baseball nine will play host in a two g'ame senes against the Minnesota diamond team this weekend, opening the Big Ten baseball campaign The Gophei^. play on the lowa diamond Eliday and Satin day Mm nCsota lost six letteinien of the 1941 team whiCh -^haied third place in the leagupj hewevei anioPg the heldovcis IS Bill Andcison ci edited with a 3 2 win ovei Iowa last year loNva has lost only 12 Big Ten baseball games in the past fotn sea sons, With three being to Minnt seta P. E. Hits Wiscottsift MADIBoN Wics, Apnl 7 — (Special)—Beginning next fall, all male undeigiadnates at Wiscongin Will be letnined to take two honis of oiganmod physical cducatioh poi week dining then residence on the campus The new piogiam mil include foi ficshmcn a conditioning coiiise foi body development and basic ath Ictic skills, foi sophomoies, juniois, and scniois, spoit skills, intiammal and vaisitv spoils, and self defense activities
f 4 "■?. C. f! V Wolverinos Add ANN ARBOR, Mich , Apnl 7 — Two additiohal games have been scheduled foi Michigan’s baseball team this spring, and negotiations foi a thud—with Port Custer—aio being made Wayne and Hillsdale Colleges weie added to the list, and if the contest with Poit Cu&*tei is added, it will boost the nilmbei of scheduled games to 27 The Wolvennes will open then season, Apnl 15 at Navy Badgerg Play Soldiers Madison, w^c , Ap\ii 7—Wis consin’s baseball team has loined the list of Badgei athletic squads ‘ doing then bit” by playing Sciv ice teams The Badgei niPe will meet Camn Giant at RoCkfOid, May 19, and play host to the soldiers, June 3 Wisconsin vill jomnfey to Great Lakes on June 2 and the t\Vo teams v ill ehcoiiPter m MadiSon on the following day Bernie Bierman IOWA city, losva, Apnl 7 — Maj B^niie Bieiman the Bieiman of lecont Gophel coaching fame, announced today that his Iowa Nav al Cadets would meet Michigan’s football Souad at Ann AibOr, Mich , Oct 10, instead of at Iowa City, as pieviously scheduled
Bny Defense Bonds And Stamps
Sabii impersonates the sti ange and tascinating hero, Mongh in Rudvard Kipling s ‘Jungle Book, nincli has been transferred to the sciepn in flaming rechnicoloi b\ Alexander Koida and is coming to the Mars Tlieatie Satuidai
You don’t need a Town Crier to tell you the COFFEE SHOP is a swell place to drop ill for a bite to cat! Lunches lhat are differenl—Lunches ^hat will mell in your moulh! JhL fiufhdwL Wlmw^kdL lAnJxHL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
iveters Face Notre Dame Qe Ro$$4cle field
Intramural Potpourri f .. iri.fii fttrf i r n , By Dun Brewer Af>ri1 Showers . . . EvePyorte is VoPkiilg foi sunshine, including the Ihtiarhuial depat tment With fom spiing: spoils cm tap 01 alieady stalled, the I M of ficials aie beginning to wondei if those Apnl showeis will cvei stop . . . Foirce Slowdown Fiateinity mass golf, Ollgmally scheduled to start on the UiIivlisity’s nine hole coiiise this aftei noon, will begin Satuiday at 1 p m and continue thiough Sunday The 25 fiaternities enterecLwill tee off undei a “hoped foi” sunny atmospheie, with fouisomes staitmg five minutes apait Paiticipants will be able to piactice nrttil the maSs meet starts, and the Intramillal checkout window will loan clubs to golf eis enteied m the touiUey Calling All Weaf-hermen Tomoiiow fiateinity baseball will go into its second lound of play, and the lattei pait of the week will see waid and Caiy Hall nines vie ioi honois Also scheduled to get undei way foi the past week have been fiateinity tennis and the fiatoinity hoiseshoos tournament as soon as the wcathei permits
/r/sh 9 Opens Regular Se«f09; Western Illinois Here Frkiay Infield practice was the chief concern of Coach 0ulqh TiiWtr ing yesterday as he prepared the Bodermaker nine ithe ikw season’s opener this afternoon at 4 p tn. with Not^ postond from Tuesday because of wet grounds. Inside the Fieidhouse the baseball squad ran fts pPepUPation for the senes with Notre Dame today and
erli Illinois here on Friday and Saturday The infield Was drilled on putouts with two
men on the bases
Gantz Retires The squad idfceived a setback yesteiday when Meilin Gantz, veteran outfieldei fiom Indianapolis announced that he had enlisted in the Navy All Coips and was to lepoit foi seivice on May 15, leaving the squad so that he could prepaie to lepoit foi duty Coach Fehiing, howevei, leceived encoui aging news that Haiiy McFeiien, senioi second baseman, had sufficiently lecoveied fiom his appendicitis opeiation of six weeks ago to play in the Nolle Dame game Duiing piactice last night the infield was composed of Emeison at fust base, Shocmakei on second
base Burkhardt al the shopafop
position, Marty Mai tin On
and Young as the catcher. Wflih
McEeiien leluining to the
the man to stait at second has Hat
been definitely decided. Chuck
Rowles is a piobable Starter at thlrit
but this also has not been de-
tei mined
Western lUinots Here Too With the thiee games m as many days coming up, depending lipon condition of the diamond, Dutch Fehiing will send Walter Leifheit, the only major letterman, to the hill as the stalling huiler against
the lush
Although the weather does not look too encoui aging, the Boilermakeis will need an even cTiamce and a few hieaks to pull through the coming sei les with a clean slate.
Boilermaker Track Stars Will Race Michigan State For "Jug" Saturday
Phillips Holds Time Trials In Stadium
Time Dials featuied Coach Phil lips’ tiack ichoaisal last evtnin.^ ]iending the initial meet of the out dooi tiack season with the Spaitans of Michigan State, next Sat uiday On Spaitan teiritoiy Twenty thice men will make up the team that lepiescnts the Boil (1 makers Satuiday, thice men aie to bo enteied in each event A det in lie 1 ostei of the men to make the tiip will not be known till neaiei the day of the meet Spartans Tough This season the Spaitan tiack team is lated among the top teams in the Midwest In the Illinois Tech Relays, which weie held m Chicago same time as the Butlei Relays weie being iiin in the Butlei Fieldhonse, the Michigan State sqnad took fust place liom competition that included six ol the Big Ten tiack teams In the last two encounteis with
the Spaitans, the Boilcimakeis copped fiist place letainmg the ‘ Little Blown Jug ’ which came iii to existence with the lun between the two imiaeisities in 1938 The two pievious j-eai Michigan State held possession of the ciockciy
No lavelms
Theie will bo no lavelin thiow in the meet Satin day as m any of the othoi meets the Boileimakeis will be engaged m this season, due to the peimanent diopping of the event last season by the Boileimak eis # ■" Two of the mainstays on the Spai tan team this season aie Scott a milei, and Milnei, a high jumpei Scott has tinned in the time of foui minutes seventeen seconds loi a mile so fai in this season of his caieei and Milnei jumps consistently aiound the six foot five maik
Boilei makers
The Boileimakei team will be made up of pi actically the same men that made the indooi squad last w Intel Keim, Banckei and Gauke taking the load in the dash
cs Capt Anthony, Ai’chei anti Arnold lunning the quarter, Jentsbh, Kemp, and Maiozick in the half, Appleton, Donslei, MeLaughfaiif Kindei and Kemp in the distances Foi the field events, Kron, Cotinint and Dodge in the huidles, both hign and low, Giinim and Edwarfps in the pole vault, Lloyd MaeSgeh01 n and Dodge in the high jinU^l Calhoun in the shot put and dtseus thiow. Root will thiow the discus also and Dodge and Gauke iw the bioadjump Coach Phillips has oxpiesscd set-k isiaction with the way his charges aie taking to the adverse conditions thiust upon them with the change of activities fiom the Fleldhousd to the Stadium A team slows dUWd to a ceitdin extent Upon goift^ffdSi a warm, well conditioned indoor tiack to an often sGgg^> eofd aiound some footbaU field. the Boileimakeis have gone through this change, and are begmnaHg to gam back ioimei outdooi legs despite any kind of climatic cohdi-
tions
Lieut. G. B. pison ’41, was mail led to Maiy Spam of Washington, D C, on Maich 28 Olson who was a mem Lei ol Reamei Club, POMM and captain of Seabbaid and Blade, is now completing woik foi a M S C E degiee in May
LaBree’s Tennis Ace^ Meet Butter Bulldogs
OR PAUL A RISK DR, LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD ]. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main St Lafayette
Boilermakers Journey To Indianapolis Friday Wilbur Schumacher, fleetfooted forward on the 194142 Butler hardwood five, will be the greatest Boilermaker hurdle this Friday afternoon when Coach Larry LaBree’s
■■■>■. I .?i&hr,Yayi ■ ■ iV-Tl
DO A FACELIFTING JOB on your HOUSE This year America must clean up and paint up to be prepared at home and help win the war ' You’ll find everything you need at Hunecks. HUNECK GLASS & PAINT CO.
826 Main St.
Phone 3841
Gold and Black tennis sqmiA tace Butler ift the Iftdiana|K)I!s Fieidhouse at 2 p. ih. Bulldog Toughens Schumacher, who last year Wms defeated m thtee haidsfoug^ sets by Aiideison, star Riveter ddolrjiman, will play number-one in the indooi tennis meet, the-aeU-son’s openei foi both squads. Butlerite is said to have gaiiMd conbidei able powei since last yelnffe meeting with the LaBree-coach^ team Capt Ray Lucht, senior tennis veteian, will lead* the visiti^^ team’s offensive, tehrtiiiig With Wells, sophomoie, in number-one doubles and piobably holding nuitibei one position m singles. Didk Stettnei and Claik “Gus” Aftnstiong, the othei two major lelts^fmen, and Waltei Dudzinski, soithomoie lacquet ace, will complete the Boileimakei en,tiy list Rest Period Awaits Following the Butler curtainlaisei, Laiiv LaBiee’s squad will have an 11 day lest peiiod before staitmg on an intensified cantpaign Ball State will furnish the initnl opposition on Apiil 21 oh the Muncie couits Sigma Delta Psi tests m th* football punt, baseball throw, alii bundled jard dash will be tiitt this afternoon m Ross-Ade Stadium at 4 p m —PHILLIPS Doc MiUer's Pill Rolleis will bowl against Seabbaid and Blade bowling aCOft tonight loi the Univeisity Aim<nc!irt now in possession of the PiU RdUv eis Doc’s i-olleis meet the “Sebb^’* at 7 30 p in on the Union AU«^. and, accoidmg to Doc, the winning thiee stiaight mateheb#^! gam peimanent possession of thife Aimoiy.f n/
/f
r^JiTT
W
t Puriiul^ Exponent
i 1
Thursday^ April % 1942
The Ratio,
3.93 ... to 1
We diopped into the office foi a change yesteiday and found oui box (the cornel of Ye Editor s desk drawei we rate) lunnin ovei with little missies of paper with the stuff wi itten on em that you i ead right here You know Letteis Notes Contiibutions Scandal scraps And that am t all We looked in the papei—also foi a change—and saw that the bass has our column wider than usual Guess he just wants to spread the dirt o%ei a laigei aiea Soita make it dusty instead Be that as it maj we still find that those little baubles you woik foi six months by the seat of youi pants and the sacrifice of jdui Satin day afternoons plus a lot of othei minoi haidships aie still in the habit of being giyen away Oh fiaility thi name is woman Oh, man thy name is nuts Heieie the obit uanes of lecent origin Fust three Theta Xi sophs have planted then fiuits of yictoiy ovei the sen 101 s” all ovei the countn Paul Moll in Louis George Pelree in Chicago ind Gus Heater at Lin denwood College Next we ha%L the mergoi of Alphi Chi Rho A1 Perkins and Margaret Fuller of Collegiana house also bi othei AXR Jim Starkey with Phyllis Shad He met hei in the Chem and Met building wheie she woiks—which shows that even education has its pos sibilities Still thej come The Sigma Chi eioss ol Dixie Howi notv decoiates one Betty I arr ot the De in ol 'Worn en’s office Dean of Women s office‘s Hm m m m Now whcie have we heaid that betoie'^ You know Pause for column identification This is 1 93 to 1 NOT the piogiam guiiig %ou the lineup loi this spiing s picnics
ROME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
dioiedbup JhjL CbaA.
Nnaaa-
-0A>I01-
-3Woa
Wh it b the m itlci witli in soldie s' Aient oiii uniloims pietty Don t they to ehuieh legiilaili ’ It seems that the „o\cinnients ol Austi aha and oi htlancl think that oiii A.Er is too 1 si—b ith el these eouiitiics have banned the m image ol then lisses md colleens to meinbeis oi the Ameiiein (ighlii g 101ces Kangaioo coiintij was the fiist to put the bin on the nuptials Within the fiist month il then i iival several "iankees liad w ilked ihe 1 ist mile to tl e ill i with this commonwealths favoiite daughtcis The enemy always pictines tl e othei side s men as mon sters but this 1= tfie fiist time oui own allies thou ht we weie wohes —X— Then Iieland got soie It tool oui oldieis less than i week to take thn wavy haned tempei imental lasses as wives L\ei siiiee the beginning oi oui
Just wanted to set you straight Hei e we go again Heie’s the story behind the Becky Cavlor pinning Seems that the ATO’s gift to God and the girls—Bob Livinghouse—put his pin on that little lady and it didn’t last veiy long A day to be exact Latei on Robeit found out that it had been Apiil 1st when he had paited with his jeweliy Less than a week later, she took a Beta pm Funny huh ’ Yeah ; This was reported oyerheaid in the shop the other day I m the most eligible bachelor on this campus yand I need inspiration Girls don’t understand] that I m the serious type and really want to get serious ’ The speakei in this case was Howie Hyte of the Sig clan Well theie you aie gals Inspire him
!•
Social note of the week The lights went out at Lamb s foi about fifteen minutes the other night Need moie he said’ Shock of it all was Shirl Mui phy leaving before they went back on Now we heal that Frank ‘ Skeeter” Cortese of the Phi Kappas took a plane tup back East ioi Eastu ■weekend He polished his pm up nice and shiny foi the little woo man back theie too How d you make out Skect’
f
All this (toi no leason at ill) leminds us of the now famous saying of Di Joe Baifski PiofeSsoi of Finance at Haidly Noimal Di Baifski said ‘Con tiaiy to the laws of banking the giils with the least pnnciple seem to diaw the most mteiest Frenchie I einewebei the guy who lUst last week Slid thit he was getting too involved ind was going to stop dating affixed his Theta Chi pin to Theti Belly Ann McCreaiy in Indianapolis ovei the week end It took the Ratio editoi quite a tew evenings it Lamb s to get enough coinage but the Floiid i beach combei finally succumbed Wondei how Fienchie is ,.,omg to woil ibis m with his life in the navy’ eountij w( hive let the lush enlotce oiii 1 iws on tveiy stiect eoinei ip the eoiinti y we ve let them m iko Pit md i\like nation illy known figiiies wevc let them pi ly fiist base on oui baseball teams, md wi cviii let tl em we u gieen on the 17th ot Much iiid stmd foi boms on the eiiibs to see the mini il I ii es 11 hon fi Siint Pitiiel We even pulled the 7 000 dialt niimbeis out ot t,iecn eipsules on list St Pitiicks day Suppose we tanned the mai iiige ot oin gills to the Iiishmen m iimtoims—all the eofl s in the )i eitus would spend moit ol thin Lime cooking 01 i( ill sc w e e 111 ill ( 0 to I y b i i 1 ( liii i w ith out icai ol maiiiige bans being pii on by the host count! ICS When the Agiican countiiib put i stop to th Intel maiiying ot then giils with oui soicheis—it Mil be the most ii elcss 1 iw since the pissing ol the bill to idd 18 months to the diaftee s tiainmg peiiod —s— r n yeais wo ve wliked down the stieets and seen these beautitul posteis about joining the toiees Join the Navy—and have a giil in cveiy poit' Join the Aimy—and have i giil in cVciy eountiy Fiom now on the leeiuiteis aie going to have to do iway with this piopiganda since the only leison left to join IS to fi„ht and to get into shows toi a dime ite
Personnel Notes Newman Cliib To Hold
Annual Picnic At Cary
Archery Club Meets Church Group Monday To Discuss Will Honor Campus Tournament Seniors Friday
Membeis of the eampus Aicheiy Club and students mteiested in areheiy will convene next Monday to discuss plans foi the annual all campus archeiv touinament to be held the lattei pait ot this month The meeting will be held m loom 104 of the Fieldhoiise it 4 15 p m and qualifications toi eiitiants will be detei mined Practice sessions foi club mem hers and piospeetive touinament contestants will be held evei y Mon day Wednesday and Fiiday tiom 4 till 5 10 p m Ranges will be set up at eithei the west end ol the mens tennis eouits oi in the sub basement of the Fieldhoiise de pending on the weathei These piaetices will be undei the supeivision of the Iiitiamui il de paitment and eouipment will le luinishedfoi bothadcanced md be ginning ueheis (lining the dulls Foundation To Hold Senior Banquet Chii'-tian loundition \ ill held the annual Senioi Banquet tomoi 1 )W night at ( 1 ) 11 1h( f hiisti i { huieh (th and xoith Sticei Awaids will ]jiL given to nioi V ho aie me mb i ot k q ) i Pcti nd 1 W( Ke Piolcssoi 1 1 ink II 11 ft the 1! 1 i\ Dcnaitment \ ill give the id (Itess S HI M Lh L t i I 11 jiogiam will a! > intl k i i t iJoquir.t ait Ij D n Bi iik i he tl nd on^s by tnc Jctic soi High '-ehool quaitet Reseivations nay le given to Betty Ruth Di tl e Jem Molte Jeanette Paikei oi Ilciselel Kil goie
Holdmf then mnual Senioi B in quet at the Cynthia Jones Hall to monow night at 6 the Rogei Wil li ims Club of the West Lafayette Baptist Chill eh yyill honoi senioi s of both high schools md the Uni yeisity Tickets may be piiiehised fiom the junioi membeis of the club toi 35 cents Fulei To \ct As Toastmaster Acting as toistmastei toi the evening yvill bo Picsident Rogci Eulei yyho will piesent the annii il ayy iid to the outstanding senioi t^oy md gill The bisis toi the awaids yyill be seivice to the chinch woik in Rogei Williams Club seholistic si inding and activities The winneis II lines will be placed on i plaque III the club loom Speei il lecogni tioii yvill be given to membeis el the e il nil t le i the p ist ve i Prof. M. F. Stigers of the Division ol Lducation md \pplied Psyeholooy spoke it a eontcicncc of leaelei ol the Chi e igo Bi inch ot the Litionil Met il Tl ide Assocntion in Monelly Ajii il ( 01 the topic Plmt liain in toi folly and lomoiiow
Wesley Foundation To Sponsor Puppet Show For Missions Tomoi low night at 8 m the aiidi toiinm of the Fust Methodist Chuich the Wesley Foundation will piesent a Bliiebeaid show It will featuie Plot and Mis Patteison local puppeteeis with then thiee act puppet show called Blie beaid Assisting them will be Bet ty Maiiiott with hei naiimba Ruth Custei vocilist and Iluboi t loibes flutist The Found ition is sponsoiin., this show in oidei to help i use money foi woildwide mission en teipuses Tickets may be obtained fiom Jack Hopkins Beth Liidteig Ruth Custei Citheiine J me W ii len 01 at the I ound ition office 110 Slieetz stieet Tielct iie2jecits 1 111 the fc(lei il tax
SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS I OR SUMMER WORK Illinois Tool Works, Chicago, 111 Datfe of Visit Wednesday, April 15 Sophomores and Tumors for Summer Work in fool engineering and Machine Design De partments Schedule an interview in the Personnel Office before 10 a m Tuesday, Apul 14 Bausch & Lomb Optical Co, Rochestei NY — Sophomore and Junior MF’s ChE’s and Science (with Physics major), foi summei work No representa tive will visit the campus Sign in the Personnel Office before 3 pm Monday, April 13 National lube Company, Me Keesport, Pa —Sophomore and Junior M E.’s, Ch E’s. Met’s, E F’s and Industrial Engineers for summer work No represen tative will visit the campus Sign in the Personnel Office before 3 pm Monday, April 13 Pratt & Whitney An craft F Ilaitford Conn—Sophomore and junior Mechanical Aeronautical, and industrial engineers for sum mer work Sign in Personnel 01 fice before Monday April 13 COMPANIFS SCHFDUI T D TO VlSIl (AMPUS Naval Aviation Cadet Board Chi cago 111 Apiil C 7 md 8 F I DuPont de Nemours & Com pain Wilmington Deliwiie Apiil 9 to Intel view PhDs in Chemistiy and Chimieil Fnginoeiing 1 mplovtis Mutual I lability Insurance Company ot Wisconsin In dianipolis Indima Coming Api il 9 Anyone iiitcKsted sehedule m Intel view in Pei si line 1 OfTiee be loie JO am A))i il 8 I I Dul’onf de Nemours & ( o M ibash I ive I Oidnmce Woiks idle Haute Ind Theie is i need ten addition il engineeis ef all types in this division Sign in the Peison nil Otlici be I lie j) m Monel ly
Apiil 10
Nay al Ordnance I aboi atoi y Navy ud W ishington D C Coming Apiil 10 Wants MF LL Sei (vv ith physicist imjoi) Sign in Pei sonnel Office bofoie Thin selay Apiil 9 at J p m United States Rubber Company Mishawaka Indian i — Men md women liom all schools It iiitei ested si„n m Pei sonnel Office be foie Saturday Api il 11 A lopie sentativc miy visit the campus i( a sufficient niimbei sign up C hemi&ti v M ijors iheMilc'Iab OI atones Ine El! hut Ineliini hive openings ioi two ehcmieal ma jois in then analytical ind eontiol liboi atones Those not subieet to selective seiviec arc picfeiied as they desiie to letiin those chemists on then staff —Ed I Dogei m„ C as" School ot 'Vpplied Science Clevclmd Ohio—BS in CE Ml oi 1 L with 11 without teiching ex peiicnet loi positions is instinct 01 s Si..,!! in Pei sonnel CJIhco betoie ■VVedncsdiy Apiil 15 Phileo Radio Corp Philidclphii Pi 01 Detioit ftiiehigar —B S oi M S 111 ME 01 Eu Sign iqi ii Pei se line 1 Olfie e 1 e te i c Api il 11
Camp Sunday Ft lends and membeis of Newman Club will attend a picnic at Caiy Camp all day next Sunday The clay s activities will stait im mediately aftoi the 9 30 a nir Mass, w hen the picmkeis will gather m St Maiys Aiiditoiiiim for coffee and doughnuts They will then elect nine new officers foi the next two semes teis fiom a pieviously selected list of nominees Business being taken caie of the gioup will louiney by Lafayette city bus to Caiy Camp wheie food and entei tainment will be had in plenty foi the lest of the day Eveiything will bo fiee to mem beis except tianspoitation which will cost 25 cents pei peison 0th eis will pay an idditional tjiiaitei foi food It IS asl ed that those go mg call 2907 oi tb064 and make leseiwations by this evening in oi del that m keeping with national defense no ovei supply of food be
01 del ed
Classified Ads
Tvppwr Icrs All i, Mt ) all m kos s I I r L I r I I rcl 1 M T I 1 V I 1 ( I 1 1 ti 1 IT 00 Muip I ul y U 11 ^7)
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Ifiiivprfiily Oiuik Sljirii
= Dr. A. M. Irion | I —dentist— i E 1191/2 Northwestern Ave = p Phone 4965 = liiiiiliiiiiiuiiiiiiimiiiiitiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiliiiT
GIVE JEWELRY No nialltu for whom oi what llu* ottafeion, jrwrliy jh alwajs a siiilahir
Jewel*!i H
419 Mam Si.
Since, um
...not 1 but 3 active ingredients to check PERSPIRATION!
fWiR-DIIY
a. A vanishing cream smooth as your face cream! b. Contains three active ingredients to safely check perspiration (See list on each |ar) C. Its double acting checks and deodorizes un pleasant body odors r:o<t
(foeb^
50
TOILETRIES
STREET FLOOR
Notices
II I SI ONI
( I r 1 n I 1 11( A IS 1! I 1 I A I 1 i 1 I I t I J n 111 I h 1 1 Is I V If f y\ Ii rt n I I 1 II JI I I I lu JOHNSON (alholie S uilone y 1 f I i s V nto 1 f tl rule n 1 smi I hose 1 c l 1 c II Z L BKOCU
Molliti Nature, ig lilosgom ing forth, anel laely, il\ liiTU fell yeui anel }euu taiiuly to (!e» llie* gaiiie It'g ne illie.| elitiieull neii ex pensive il yem (iiHl use e>ni Saniteine (leaning loi y o n1 g aIm e nIH Ihey’ll e enne hae k le.Mveel With new Inslit With na|i |ie I ke el np With that look anel le e I eit rie‘wntHs Pheine ns anel we ’ll he theie in a jilfy to put gpriiig in yoni lamily’H waieliohe
All Students Students who expect to chnnge from one school vyithin the tlnlver sitv to another at the end of the present semester are advised to obtain the necessary blanks at once ftom the RtBistrar a of fice —STONE Military Code Instruction Men who qual ificd at f W p m or better and desire a cer t (icato to that effect should contact Lt il iikhnrt in Instructors Room of Aimory
—BURKHARl
Science Seniors All science seniois who have not esUet at my office in the past week to fill out senior blanks are requested to do so at once —ENDERS SC A Board Regulsi loaid mectinB to le held in S C A loom Th irs lay Api ! <1 St 30 p m —MCICAVERO Alphk Phi Omega Pli Iko meetinK I ri day April 10 t T p m in the Swedish I ounse ot tho Union —BREWER WAA Tennis Iw loq led pract cs must le in befoic Menday Api 1 11 Pr ic t ces may I c pi yed snyt me Sehed led praetice n Bhts are Mon 1 ly and fh rsday
SCIIUBER
Acromadclcrs Meet np Thursday April 0 at 30 m Room 80 ol the Union Iv iv o e be sire to att id AYA ont st of next
Sun 1 y Vill be 1 s u el
SMITH
Slnpre Stunt Studio Banquet Committee Cet till int me n me 1 it ly PI on 21 PERVINl Society of Automotive Eneineers Th rs lav Api 111 oil ceia v 11 be non n t d d eleetod fo the com m, ycir ei m lei sess on is will le leeided Cha rmar ere t ly t ess 1 V ee I r SI Ici I in I v e hairm in eh rpee t m t np i II c ly nnd membeishii v II he el os n All m m 1) rs 1 ndly it in Ih Ch ti t Ko m of fh Ul on at 10 I m II fic hmci t will 1 ser\cd —KEII Phi Lambda Upsili n Infoimnl init at on Sati r lay atternoon Ai ril 11 at 1 i loom 120 Chen stiv b kins —MONTGOMERY PIA Cl oriis Tmj; l nl n t nR Ihils day Apiil 0 in the south towel reom U I et t ckets vill b th le Be le t let yn is SOPCAIC Pan Hellenic Pan Hellen c meet np at 4pm in 1 om 30 f tl e Un rn today —AVLRY
C E 62 A conditions test in Highway Construction will be held at i 80 p hr Sat urday April 11 in room 200 of the Civil EngmeerinK buiiding- Permits frotn the conti oiler s office must be presented m tlni® of the test —PETTY TKA PIcdffes lest will be held on re qrired matoiial Saturday Api'il 11 8t 1 10
p m in ro n 303 of the Union
-OSTRANDER
Catholic Students Those interested in lunninir for an office in Newman Club wiU appea letoio a board of review in r om 302 of the Un on Thursday/ April !) 1 1 8 30 p m If impossible call Bunnion or Brock, t 331 bofo.e then_^^^^^^^ Gold Peppers Moctinp: lor 'll! actives and
pledjyes today at 1 ^0 in room
"“SCAHi 1
Glider Club Mtetinp postponed until Tl rsday Anril 16 Fleet on of officers will be hclei at thid meetinu
CASSEE
Ereshman Enpincers Meet foi engineer
mp kctiics Satin day Api I 11 at 8 a m
in the Music Hall —KNAPP Cosmopolitan Club Meeting at 4 30 Eri lay Apr 1 10 n loom 301 of the Union Impoitnnt disc ssion will be held
—r LAV
Town Girls Club Picnic Saturday April 2d It 3 30 p m in Happy Hollow Please ipn up at west Icsk in Union by Monday Apnl 20 Brinr 20c for food when yo i pn 1 —CRAVES Camera Club Members takinp photos )h e rse lab on pi mtinp and cnlarsinp v II I e hold Saturday Apiit 11 at 1 SO p m n 1 rk loom 31
—TRUEBLOOD
Prom Committee Meeting will be Eriday. Ai r 1 10 in the Debris olfico at 7 p hi
—BALL
M.
E. MOi^EHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214 .
Kappa Delta Pi Pie" Ige lost w 11 I e ' ' Th lb lay Apr I t 4 i m 10 of th 1 i at OI HI Ik HAYS All ROTC ctideijts Ih Cup- I tl 1 k I w II 1 m Ih A m ly t 2 I I 1 m 1 1 i V Ai r I 1 1 R 11 w 11 1 tin 1 11 t \ 1 II p V 1\ 1 I 1 t n f m UIORDAN AWS Will) f II w g rl 1 the I V f I t I I r V c mn It 1 t tl mi rt t m t I 1 i h r I y \| 1 LIOM 1 AWS 11 1 K / r II t I A r I C I I 1 I I LI AINSWOIIIH I hi Uinil da I ps I II I 1 n I t t S I 1 I > Ai 111 III m I K nil It! Cl m t J H I ! I MON tCOM I KV WAA ( iiniiil M tl II r liy A| 1 I I I n tl y n WAI KI R fhcinistrv M ij rs D M Us lib t In t ki rt I 1 1 I el It 1 1 I J tl r Ivt I h 1 I 1 r t r e 11 t jtt hilt jflrl tl I It tit tl t If DI Cl RINC Scr eii H t r ITce I 1 111 1 S r f ri I ly A] 1 1 1 n All n 1 1 I It! Rii (n WAA MemI er All Ir n t I i tt I St 1 I y Day t 1 H A 118 s k vm I HFNN S ( Id Pepitrs P it! IPs I k I r t r t 1 sla> Ai IIW 11 Irl Ivin L I ORD 111 t t Work r St 1 t 1 I V I I R 1 k h n n I n r I M 4 I 0 t I n 1 I t tl It k
1 WO of the. sirctns oulstTiieling heulliiitrs Noima Shearer and Melyyn DouglTs |oin forces in the new lomintic comedy, “We Weie Daiuiiu wlith opens it the Litayette theatre Sunday
On A/erf... fhe Task Force of the Telephone army! | ^i^ierever the call, a mechanized aimy of moie tlian 27,000 Bell telephone trucks siaiuls leady Eadi has a skilled crew . . • aimed with hand looE and power equipment d( signed especially foi the job to be done. J hey aie leady and efficient aud can h( inobili/(d anyvvheic, anytime. J his IS just one way the Bell System is pitpau d to keep hues open and ready for wai time stivice — no matter when oi wheie the test may tome.