I'
®lte Purj£iu0 TSxpamnt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1936
NUBfBER U
Band To Sport
New Stunts At Chicago Wheels, Football, Let-
ter Formations Will Make Dej^ut At Game
Wheels, footballs, and letters will make their appearance in the band’s new and intricate maneuvers on Stagg Field. “Spots” Emrick has been working on some new formations in the last few days, and the results will be seen Saturday during the band’s show at the half. The 142 members of the band will iparch out on the field and form seven rivets, symbolic of the Boiletmakers. Then, playing the Chicago song, the rivets will burst into the letters forming “Chicago”, facing the Maroons’ side of the field. Three Bands From there they will divide into three bands, the outer two then forming a football and the inner first a “C” and then, changing to “Hail Purdue”, will form a “P” and face the Purdue stands. Rolling Wheels The three bands again collecting will break into three wheels with the spokes revolving in one direction and the rim in the other. They will conclude their performance with the large gyrating “P”. The band ihay put on a night show later in the year due to many requests, providing a sufficient number of tickets can be sold.
PIA Skit Shop Trials Today
‘‘Common Clay”, First Production, Scheduled For November 4
Tryouts for “Common Clay,” the satirical skit to be presented by the P. I. A. sponsored Skit Shop on November 4, will be held at 4 o’clock today in the Tower Room of the Union. The play, which will be presented at the Independents’ big party, is not a musical, but is so arranged that the rythm and rhyme of its lines produce a humorous effect. , The production will be coached by Prof. P. E. Lull of the English department. The Skit Shop is under the direction of Wilson White, A. A. Radkey, and Loretta Van Wie.
Demonstration Of
Cosmetics Today
Cosmetics will be the subject of a demonstration and discussion by Miss L. Greeves, the cosmetician of Loeb and Hene’s department store at the meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club today at 4 o’clock, in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building. Girls will be selected from the audience for demonstration of the proper make-up. Any co-ed may attend the meeting and may secure a personal consultation with Miss Greeves after the talk.
Looliing Backward
October 15, 1935. Boilermakers specialize on defensive tactics calculated to keep Jay Berwanger from scoring in Saturday’s game at Stagg stadium in Chicago. First block of tickets for Chicago game is sold out. A new supply is received. Karl S. Bolander, well-known artist and lecturer, speaks in Union facility lounge. Three members of Purdue Engineer staff leave for the convention of the Engineering College Magazines Association in Philadelphia. Harold Zweig, representing Tau Epsilon Phi fraternity, wins finals of the freshman Beveridge speaking contest. Cary Club entrants, J, L. Ciral and R. M. Sasser, score most placement points to win the organization trophy. Sigma Phi Epsilon tops field in Jnterfraternity cross country race.
Mr. Noss Heads
Forum Tonight
Mr. T. K. Noss, of the Education department will lead the discussion at the weekly student forum tonight at 7:30 in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. The discussion will be on the subject “Present Economic Problems”. This meeting will be the fifth of a series of forums held each week under the auspices of the Purdue Religious Council.
Military Ball Plans Contest Ends Tonight
Committee Will Pick Orchestra For Dance Next Week
Decoration plans for the military .ball contest must be submitted to the committee some time today. The entire military ball committee will act as judges and after making their selection of the winning decorations they will present a complimentary ticket to the designer. Applicants should submit their designs to Walt Scholer, student Union executive, at the Union Building before tonight in order to receive consideration.
Plans Must Be Complete All plans must show necessary views and dimensions for the construction of the decorations, which must be in keeping with the spirit of the occasion. A color scheme and cost estimate must also be included J. M. Baker, a committee member, said last night that the band would be decided on some time next week. He also stated that more money would be spent for the music this year and that consequently a much better orchestra could be engaged.
Vanderbilt Tries
New Honor System
No strings ... no ties ... no obligations . . . that’s the aim of Vanderbilt University’s new honor system which was recently put into effect by 50 students. “Honesty is the best policy” is another motto of the organizing group. A student who reports his own infractions of the rules gets off with a lighter penalty than those students who are reported to the governing body by “non-partisan” observers. The student who “tells on himself” loses two credit hours and receives a grade of “F” if he is convicted. Those who are reported by others are expelled from the school for one semester. The group terms the “old” system a “hypocrisy” and believes the new one will make an honor system effective.
Investigate Illegal Purchase Of Gopher Football Tickets
Illegal purchase of student ball tickets is now under investigation at the University of Minnesota where students have been found guilty of allowing outsiders to use their fee statements in order to purchase football tickets. Under present rulings, the maximum penalty for the offense is indefinite suspension from the University, Should E. E. Nicholson, dean of student affairs, decide to give the maximum penalty, it is estimated that some 300 students would face suspension. The dean states, however, that he will wait until all the facts are compiled to take any disciplinary action.
Dr. Walker To Speak At Presbyterian Church
Dr. Raymond Walker of Portland Oregon, will speak on “How to Keep the United States Out of War” at the Presbyterian Educational Building on the comer of Seventh and South streets, Monday evening at 7:30 o’clock. Dr. Walker’s talk will be under the auspices of the Emergency Peace Ganipaign.
It’s The Berries!
This New Method Of Precooling Fruit
If you can bother with less than a million, here is a story of $63— enough to buy a farm family a fine new radio, and a lot of money to come as extra profit—clear velvet— on a single car of strawberries. That $63 is the net premium paid by Minnesota buyers for Indiana berries when precooled in a simple fashion related to the Rural Electric Division of the American Society of Agricultural Engineers at the Society’s thirtieth annual meeting held last June at Estes Park, Colorado, by T. E. Hienton and K. I. Fawcett of the Purdue University Agricultural Experiment Station. Not New According to their report, published in the current issue of “Agricultural Engineering” precooling is no new thing, having been applied to at least 60,000 cars of produce from California in 1935. But the California precooling method requires a large investment in refrigerated buildings and machinery that it isn’t practical in Indiana, where the fruit season is short. So the Purdue people began, back in
1933, to try out ways of precooling fruit with comparatively cheap machinery and no buildings at all— right in the cars in which the stuff is to be shipped. These, of course, are refrigerator cars, with big bunkers of ice at each end. The trouble has been that it takes too long, sometimes days, before the slow natural circulation of air transfers the “field heat” from the berries to the ice bunkers. The fruit, especially at the top of the car, is meanwhile geting too ripe. In the methods studied by the Purdue engineers electric fans are put in the cars, the trick being to find the exact location and power of fan tj) bring plenty of cold air from the ice into contact vrith all of the berries, cantaloupes, peaches, or other fruit. The process has been perfected to the point where sufficient chilling is accomplished in about four hours. Portable Another new method uses a portable refrigerating machine, mount(Continued on page 3)
Debaters Try
Out Tuesday Talk On Gov’t Owner-
ship Of Utilities
Mr. L. S. Winch, of the English department, will conduct first tryouts for the University Western Conference debate squad Tuesday at 4 p. m. in room 301 of the University Hall. “Government Ownership of Electric Pqwered Utilities” will be the siJbject for Big Ten debates during this season. The tryout speeches, w;hich will be five minutes long will also be made on this subject. Competitors may use either the negative or th6 affrmative side. Three men are left from the last year’s team and three more are needed.
Begin Talks On Book Topics
Mrs. L. A. Josselyn, librarian of the Union browsing room will speak tonight at 7:30 o’ clock at the first of a series of bi-monthly discussions to acquaint the students and the faculty with the browsing room and its books. Mrs. Josselyn intends to introduce the books to the audience and then to give a brief review of the more interesting ones.
Big Four, Monon To Run Chicago Game Trains
Both the Big Four and the Monon railroads will run special trains to the Chicago game Saturday. The price of tickets for either route is $2.40 round trip. These tickets are good returning on any trains on either Saturday, October 17, or Sunday, October 18, on the Big 4 and trains returning on Saturday on the Monon route.
Students And Faculty Of Ag School To Meet
Students and faculty of the Ag school will meet at a reception, to be held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 7:30 tonight. The meeting is being held to acquaint and interest members of the various schools with the Union and its facilities.
Wesley Foundation To Conduct Hike Tomorrow
Wesley Foundation will conduct a hike to Happy Hollow tomorrow evening, at 6 o’dock, to be followed by a supper and program of games and stories. All those planning to attend are asked to sign up as soon as possible; there 'will be a charge of 10 cents to cover the cost of the sup*Jdd
Plan First
AIChEMeeting Murphy Will Speak In Chem. Building
George B. Murphy, of the Univer.sal Oil Products Co., of Riverside, 111., will speak on “The Chemical Engineer in the Petroleum Industry,” next Thursday, Oct. 22, at the first meeting of the A. I. Ch. E. in the Chemistry Building. Mr. Murphy’s talk will be one of general and varied interest. He is chair^ian of the employment council of the Chicago section of the A. Ch. S.
Miss Marcia Adams Speaks At Rally
Miss Marcia Adams, cousin of Maud Adams, actress of half a generation ago, discussed “What President Roosevelt has done to warrant our voting for him,” before a Democratic party meeting at the West Lafayette High School auditorium last night. Pour months ago Miss Adams applied to the National Democratic headquarters, volunteering to go on a lecture tour. Recently she received inquiry as to her relationship to Miss Maud Adams and a week ago she got a series of telegrams from New York saying th^t her present tour of colleges in the mid-west had been arranged. Her speaking partner on the tour is Mr. John Handford, a debate winner from! the West Coast.
Fuming Freshman Coeds Pay For Violation Of Rules At Cincinnati
Fifteen fuming female freshmen were hailed before vigilance court at the University of Cincinnati last week for various violations of the campus rules and traditions. Vigilance is a committee that meets semi-monthly to try co-ed offenses against the rules and traditions. Three girls were forced to wear signs telling that they had been smoking on the Commons. For using red finger-nail polish, four coeds were sentenced to wear black gloves. Three culprits were forced to lead the rest of the group in singing the freshman song because of various infractions of the rules. Five girls, not knowing the inscription over the library door, were sentenced to repeat it before the whole group.
Dr. A. Lawrence Lowell, president emeritus of Harvard University, recently failed to pass an automobile driving examination.
Yale University is having the home of Noah Webster razed because np one would furnish funds for its upkeep.
WSCA Concludes
Interviews Today
W.S.G.A. will conclude the series of interviews with freshman and sophomore co-eds today. Through these interviews W. S. G. A. hopes to acquaint the new co-eds with the different campus activities and to help them to choose the ones they are best fitted for. Records are being made of the activities of last year's freshman co-eds and the lines along which they are continuing.
Governor Alf
Landon Talks
Here Today Stalcup Will Meet Presidential Candidate At Wabash Station
Fred Stalcup, president of the Purdue Landon-for-President Club will be presented to Governor Alfred M. Landon, republican nominee for the presidency, when the Kansan visits Lafayette aboard his Sunflower Special at the Wabash railroad station this afternoon at 4:43 o’clock. Henry W. Marshall, Lafayette publisher, will board the train at Fort Wayne in order to be on hand here to introduce Nominee Landon. Except for the presentation of Mr. Stalcup, local ceremonies have been eliminated in order to give Governor Landon the entire time for his address.
AChS To Hear Pyof. Huttig
Noted Expert WiU Discuss “Reactions Between Solids”
Prof. G. F. Huttig, well known CzechosWakian chemist will speak at a special meeting of the Piudue section of the American Chemical Society this evening at 7:30 in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. Prof. Huttig is associated with the University of Prague and recently addressed the Pittsburg meeting of the A. Ch. S. He has had wide experience in teaching inorganic, analytical and physical chemistry. His research work has largely been in the field of physical chemistry. The meeting is open to all students.
Political Rivals Pull Hair At Smith
Smith college girls take their politics seriously. So seriously that they get into nail scratching and hair pulling battle with their rivals. A large group of Republican supporters were marching valiantly across the campus to John M. Greene Hall to rally for Massachusetts Republican candidates. On the campus they were greeted by an equally enthusiastic feminine group of loyal Democrats and the fun began.
Football Mothers Sponsor Show
“A Midsummer Night’s Dream” will be sponsored by the West Lafayette High School Football Mother’s Club, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday at the Luna Theater at popular prices. Students who wish to purchase tickets may do so at the high school or grade school.
Relimous Convo Series
Begin Oct. 25
Prominent Orardt Workers, Speakers Secured For Series
Some of the leading reHgious workers and speakers on religious topics in America have been booked for the series of religious convocations at Purdue University beginning October 25, it was announced today by Dr. Lawrence Hadley, chairman of the religious convocations committee. The first speaker. Father James Martin Gillis, editor of the Catholie World in New York, will appear Sunday morning, October 25. in Eliza Fowler HaU. Father Gillis was one of the most popular of the speakers who appeared here last year on the religious convocation series. Rabbi H. A. Silver, of Cleveland, who has the largest Jewish congregation in America, and who also was an especially effective speaker last year, will be the November speaker. Choir To Sing The December convocation will be given over to special Christmas music by the Purdue Choir of 76 voices. The choir will prepare special numbers for each of the other convocations as well. Dean Robert Russell Wicks of the Princeton University Chapel will be the January speaker. In February, Bishop Edwin Holt Hughes of Washington, D. C., former president of DePauw University and a national leader in Methodism, will deliver the address in February. The_ March convocation will be handled as a special Easter music program by the choir, and in April Dr. Ralph W. Sockman, pastor of Christ Church., in New York, who has spoken each of the last two years will again be heard. The religious convocations are held the last Sunday of each month.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges 15
Pi Tau Sigma, national mechanical engineering honorary, announces the following pledges: Seniors: Belury, N. G., Berg, E. P., Bice, G. W., Bornhauser, L. B., Compton, M. C., Krebs, E. P., Kueck, |I. F., Smith, C., Unm:, R. A., VanNatta. J. W., Williams. R. K., Winter, W. E. Jimiors: Cox, E. N., Murray, J. R., Musham, W. C.
Music Room Program
4.
NOON All Throush the Night (Bottlton-Soater*
veil).
Beautiful Isle of Somewhere (Poimda-
Fearis).
All Hands—March (Beater).
Anchors Aweigh—^March (Zimmerman).
Faust—Soldiers Chorus (Gounod).
Land of Hope and Glory (Benson-El-
gar).
From the Land of the Sky Blue Waters (Cadman). Little Grey Home in the West (MitmotLohr). Humoresque (Dvorak-Kreisler). Caprice Vienneis (Kreisler). John Peel—Border Song (Oadmun). Flow Gently, Sweet Afton (Burns-^U-
man).
EVENING
O Sole Mio (Capurro-deCapua).
Rigoletto—Irfi donna e mobile (Verdi).
Martha—M’app^i (Flotow).
Pagliaeci—^Vesti la giubba (Leeaieaval-
lo).
Aida—Celeste Aida (Verdi). Les Pecheurs de perles—Je entti (Bizet). A Bream (Cory-Barttett). For You Alone (O'ReUly-Getdul). Da Mia Canzone (Tosti). Because (Teschemacher-d’hard^t).
MIGHT RAIN
Tempi The Exponent WwitkerMsiiiafr
LAST CALL FOR EXPONENT FRESHMEN
Freshmen who desire to work on the Exponent, must meet Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock in rooms I and 2 of the Union (second floor). This call applies only to those interested m working on the editorial, sports or co-ed staffs. —MORRIS.
Since it didn’t raiu yesterday as per my very accurate prediction, I will be unable to proceed to Chicago via the *Mail-sail” outfit as I had originally planned. But nothing daunts me. 1 have thrust my vatu* ahles into the breech. Fve started practicing aerial gymimstics a tn the monkeys and Turzan. I*tftptan> zing to swing from telephone polo to telephone on my way to Chicago* That’s one way of pulling wires fw* free tramportatiocu It will pr<^ ably he show^y.
%
nf/I<mV. ’
T H E PER I) E E E ;|E;0 EE Ef
, Thursday. Odtober 15, i936f
R^eaders’ Opinions T** Sxfimem totUtmtt tornmthU of good test* and reatonabU length from its readers.
In Defense To the Elditor: The Purdue Student Union appreciates the suggestions and criticisms you have made of our electoral system, but we do not agree with your ideas for the following reasons: Every student in the University becomes a member of the Union when he registers in Purdue. This then should make it clear that the Union belongs to the students of the University. Included in the registration fee is a certain amount of money which is used for the payment of the principal and interest of the bonds on the Union Building. Following your ideas the students could start the same cry that your forefathers did before you “taxation without representation.” As long as the students of this University are paying for the Union, it is their right and privilege to select the representation on the Union board. In your well written editorial you compare the Union board to Debris and Exponent. Such a comparison is irrelevant because we do an entirely different type of work than those two fine organizations. Your biggest complaint seems to be that a man not worthy of the Junior office will be elected. If you had troubled yourself to find out completely about Student Union elections you would have discovered that this is an impossibility. Any sophomore whose name appears on the ballot was picked by an electoral board composed of Dr. Elliott, Mr. Vallee and the Union Board. So how could anyone who was not qualified for office ever have a chance to run? This point should certainly clear up any doubt in your mind about the ability of the vice-presidents. This year we havp one of the finest groups of vice-presidents that have ever served on a Union board. I also should like to correct you on a statement that you made in trying to show the superiority of the Exponent election system over Union. You stated “The Exponent has found that a board composed only of seniors and faculty has eliminated politics from its elections.” If you will think back over the three years you have been in school, you will remember many ugly rumors of politics in Exponent elections. I say; of course, rumors because I don’t know the facts; however, I defy you to prove or show where politics have played any part in Union elections either board or popular elections. When the time of year comes around for senior elections you Will find juniors have a great deal of interest in the future of the Union in pasting their vote for someone for a senior position. These juniors have worked at least two and possibly three years on Union, and have accomplished a great deal in seeing the Union advance in aiding the students of Purdue University. They stop and think before they decide on the hands that guide the Union during the coming year. To be elected to a senior position a junior must have one-half of the votes cast in his favor. That means this year a Junior must have nine votes cast in his favor before he wins the elections. This prevents a four or five way split and a student going in on three or four votes. You did mention, but not very strongly, that the Union board appoints sophomores who may have been defeated in popular election. This prevents anyone who is deserving of the office from losing out. There is no limit to the number that can be appointed so every worthy student can be a vice-president. Speaking as president of the board of directors of the Purdue Student Union, I should like for you to understand we are not and will not consider any change in our electoral system, but I would like to thank you for your sincere interest in the Purdue Student Union. James H. Shoemaker, President Purdue Student Union.
Editor’s Note: Mr. Shoemaker is to be commended for defending his organization even though many people think a modification of the election system would be all for the better. Let me take up a few of the points in his reply. Students are members of the Union, and as such deserve to be well served by the Union. The question is, are they better served by choosing their own vice-presidents amd occasionally making mistakesy or by letting the board select the best men? It is not impossible for a good man to be left out of Union elections, and most certainly poor candidates have been chosen. The board
®f)e Purbue exponent
Fpunded in 1883 a
1936
Member
1937
F^socioted Golle6k^e Pt'ess Distributors of G3lle6iateDi6est
llcMber of National College Press Association. Big Ten Editorial Association - Exclnsively Represented by National Advertising Service. Inc. 420 Madison Aveniie, New York City
If 1 w]
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year : sold by single copy, 2 cents. ,
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Bnsiness Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Editor-in-Chief ....W, T. Hunt Managing Editor ...■ ........„_........E. H. Morris i^soeiate Editors.- K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
SPORTS STAFF Rports Editor..... ...........L. D. Wood Aaiociate Sports Editors W. H, Fifield, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF ’ BnrinaMJdanager....-,.... — — ...R, J, Hulse NatidnaJ Advertising Manager __L. H. Brown Advertising Manager..,' D. O. Miller ; Dfinui^tion fdanager.... J. P. Girard
" 'J I"
J
pay^itlsit
I Manager..
WOMEN’S STAFF
._L.. Helen .Creech : -.Betty Barnett .....—....Jeanne Janpusek, Doris McCartney,
Elizabeth Pyke
Idsae Editbr—J. B. Mellett
does choose a few, and may\hbh^tly believe it is obtaining all-the good men, imt such ma^ not always 1^ the case. The board weeds out many; of the sophomore candidates, it is true, but doubtful candidates may slip through. As far as politics iii Exponent elections go, we who are connected with the paper, have not heard even a rumor of such under th^; senior board system, w;hich has been effective only at the last two elections. But the Union elections have been full of politics. I do not wabt to embarrass the present board, but I have,’ andi it knows I have, specific evidence which conclusively proves that politics was a prominent factor in^both the board and popular elections last year. This statement can be, and will be, if necessary, backed up with the proper evidence. ’I am not mentioning'^mes now because the Exponent does not desire to inject personalities into the struggle^ The dogmatic statement at the end of Mr. Shoemaker’s article may be disregarded. With all respect to this statement, made over his signature, I am convinced that the Union will eventually about-face. Abuses under the present system are so evident that something must be done.
Joe College— • T-'' ' An Eventual Babbitt It is almost a truism that while the European university student is in the very midst of the economic and political conflicts of the continental scene, his American contemporary passes through the “passing scene” leaving none of the proverbial footprints and is heroically immune to the germ of social consciousness, Unfortunately, this seclusion is not in the ivory tower of intellectualism, but in the football stadium. There is a sharp division of opinion on the relative merits or weaknesses of this indifference. There are those who maintain that this very immunity has saved us from the chaos and dictatorships of “the old country”. At best, however, this argument holds for nonparticipation in vital national affairs during student days. No thinking citizen, conscious of the fact that democracy rests upon participation in government by the franchised, can advocate the continuance of the Joe College attitude after college days. This, however, is exactly what happens. John R. Tunis, Harvard ‘11, has just written a volume entitled “Was College Worth While?” based upon answers to questionnaires sent to five hundred members of his class. As Dr. Tittle commented at the New Student Convocation, after mentioning this book, “It seems that these Harvard graduates have but three ambitions in life: to dodge the income tax, to vote Republican, and to break 100 in golf!” That is the danger of Joe College.—Daily Northwestern.
BY CADWALLADER The Expontnt will noi assume responsibility for the opinions v'oiced in thif column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Gullibility
LErS DIG DP THE HATCHET I The BETA’^ entertained ( ? ) the THETA’s last: night, but ten of the girls thanked the BETA’S for their hospitality (?) and left before dinner. What’s the matter? - Was it a scarcity of men? Or were they too bashful to appear ? Maybe the THETA chapter has outgrown the BETA chapter. If so, why not change houses? KLOPPY and MORRIS did their best, but two fellows can’t dance with ten girls at once. ' Lack-a-day and ho hum . . . Sat. night will be opening night for JOHNNY AMMERMAN and HIS BAND—they will play for the MIXER—this is a rebuilt band with a lot of good musicians, it ought to be worth trying .. , while we are on the subject of bands and dances the NEWMAN CLUB FROLIC on Friday night should be worth a buck-Titian-haired EDITH HERMAN, of University House, met and fell for a Wisconsin lad last week-end —he wanted her to go to Mexico with him on a motor-cycle but she decided agin it—-bye the way she would like to know if there is a nice young man who would like to go to the “Gold Diggers” with her . . . the general opinion of the student body is that a certain Phi Psi sho'uld start buying hats for a number 10 size head—the student body knows that his father is head of the Ag school without him continually crowing about it—-we also understand that he and his little Theta girl friend are having a few „ little spats but that probably isn’t all his fault.... Ride and the girls ride with you— Walk and you walk alohe^ For the flappers these days Are set in their ways; They love men with cars of their own.... What an election that Potteis’ affair must have been the other night—one group of frosh had the other group out-foxed until some slicker pulled a nomination after the nominations were closed—then to top it off the ballot box was stuffed—now the boys who didn’t stuff the ballot box but had an organized political group are howling. MARS CONTEST MARS Particulars Tomorrow !
College students represent the upper crust, intellectually speaking, but they are still among the most gullible persons. This is proven by the number of times that college men are taken in by the many forms of rackets and by their patronizing of the many gambling devices which are so prevalent. If only everyone would remember that in 999 cases out, of a thousand nobody is doing anything for nothing, this gullibility might be stopped. Take a slot machine for example. Three cherries or pears in a row is a sight nice to see but seldom seen. No such device can possibly give its patrons a profit in the long run, and instead provides some person with a very good living. Then students believe most ever3d;hing they read or hear. The words of a faculty man, even on subjects •of' which he knows practically nothing, are taken as having almost Biblical authority. Every opinion in a newspaper receives niore consideration and belief than it may merit. If students would but learn to think things through for themselves, they would not be taken in so often.
Among the many significant statements made by the late Thomas A. Edison is: “The more mental ap paratus is worked, the longer the normal person will live. Retiring from an active mental life is a dangerous thing. If Mr. Edison is right, one fears for the longevity of many college students.
We must be careful not to confuse the absence of elaborate formalities with bad manners^—Professor W. L. Phelps.
Men may rule he world, but in the end, the world is what women make it.—Rev. C. J. Finegan.
A fine woman, like a fortified town, demands a regular siege; and we must even allow her the honors of war to magnify the greatness of our victory.~ Hugh Kelly.
2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Modify the Student election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections^ »
LUMA Today ^ FRIDAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE . lift
NEWS
By Lichty
“I can’t afford to have my husband followed, so I started a rumor that he was in the market for insurance,”
Seen around the campus . . . . VIRGINIA HUSLE without ROSY BUDGE . . . PETEY LIGHT and BOB REID together in the sweetshoppe . . . TANNY SPRING and CARL MUELLER holding hands in the cafeteria . . . “ARMY brat” LORNA McLEOD raising cain because someone called lier “ARMY brat” . . . JOHNNY DRAKE and BOB PURDY riding around in the SAE chariot... Phi Kappa STOCK wandering around with that sleepy look on his face which made him famous at Camp Knox this summer
New MAIN BIG DOUBLE FEATURE TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY “Two Against the World” ■with HUMPHERY BOGART Plus Second Feature “Frisco Waterfront” with BEN LYON - ROD LA ROQUE HELEN TWELVETREES
ARC Thursday r Friday - Saturday MADGE EVANS CHESTER MORRIS
“Moonlight Murder” also BOB STEELE • in “No Man’s Range” —Also-— “Glutching Hand” Plus ■ Pop Eye Cartoon
TOUGH BABIES . . . . Before they Were dry behind the ears!%
^Tte* V -" r '' , ~ '* ^5 I ^ I i " V ‘ V I , \ 1 r ^ ' ' < ' . >, \' s " , . 1 U , ' r
4>»<*
’ t' u
tourgday, October IB, 1936
THE PHttBUE EXPONENT
•ielder’s,.** V.;.choice #■ By Boh Valitotoi mini
A near coincidence occurred yesterday afternoon at the Butler-Pur-due cross country duel... last year Butler*s thinly-clads finished first, third, fifth, seventh, and ninth . . . last night Butler nearly repeated hy finishing first, third, fifth, seventh and tenth .... —^fc— t What price cross country 1... a Butler man ran the spike of his shoe through the sole at about the half-mile mark . . . determined to finish, he flung the ailing shoe to one side, finishing the race of 2^ miles with the thickness of a sock between him and the terra firma... —^fc— Something like 124 freshmen hardwood aspirants reported for the initial frosh drill on Tuesday night . . . thirty or more will report later, at the close of - yearling football practice . . . —^fc— Lon Mann told us last night that the athletic department has hit upon a satisfactory solution to the tape problem . . . the use of a liquid for the removal of the tape is no longer necessary, thereby closing
the possibility of nnpther accident through the use of inflammable fluids . . instead of tape, a prepared gan^e is used ... it is adhesive to itself, but not to the skin. •—fc— A gentle reminder to those who plan to drive to the Chicago game on ^Saturday . . . remember that Chicago is on fast time, and a two o’clock game there will be one o’clock here ... plan accordingly... —fc—' The second of our team biographies tomorrow morning . . . Number 78, John Drake. . . .
Indiana, Nebraska In Stiff Battle Saturday When Indiana and Nebraska clash this Saturday there are likely to be Some fireworks. “Swede” Clasen, Indiana’s speedy halfback, will be back in the lineup. “Swede” has been out so far this season be cause of a leg injury suffered early in the year. Corby Davis, veteran fullback, will be out on account of injuries received in last Saturday’s game with Michigan. Indiana has been drilling extensively on passes and deception plays. Nebraska is given a slight edge on the fine showing made against Minnesota’s powerhouse last Saturday.
“5«/ would your wife like it, Mr. Beanthorpe, if you raised my salary?' Ogilvie, I save enough on Twenty Grands to do it, anyway!"
ALSO OBTAINABLE IN FLAT FIFTIES
Copr 3.936 The Axton Fisher Tobacco Co , Inc* WE CERTIFY that we have inspected the Turkish and Domestic Tobaccos blended in TWENTY GRAND cigarettes and find them as fine in smoking quality as those used in cigarettes costing as much as 50% more. (Signed) Seil, Putt & Rushy Inc. (In collaboration with tobacco expert)
Purdue Memorial Union GRILL-LOUNGE Thursday, October !5,1936 MENU
Breakfast 7:30-11:00
Serving 7:30 a. m.-12:00 Noon Lunch Evening Dinner 11:30-1:00 5:30-7:30
35c Special Plate Lunch 35c Thursday Noon Breaded Veal Cutlets, Tomato Sauce Whipped Potatoes Fresh Brussels Sprouts Hot Luncheon Rolls With Butter Coffee Tea Milk or Buttermilk
i
yVe also serve additional sandwich and dessert specials at moderate prices. We sincerely appreciate both your patronage and support.
Furdue lo Aim Big Guns At Maroons Drake, kbeU Will Test Chicago Defensive Power Saturday John Drake and Cecil Isbell, Purdue’s veteran ball carriers who have shown signs of developing into a new “touchdown team” in early encounters, will have a chance to proye that their performances have been no flash in the pan as the Boilermaker^ tackle Chicago at Stagg Field
GAME TIME
All fans planning to attend the Purdue-Chicago football game Saturday should make a note of the fact that the game starts at 1 p. m. Eastern Standard Time. That is 2 p. m. Lafayette time and 1 p. m. Chicago time.
Saturday in search of their second Big Ten victory. Today Drake heads the Big Ten scoring column in conference games with 18 points by virtue of his three touchdowns against Wisconsin while Isbell heads the middle west scorers in all games with 34 points on five touchdowns and four points after tbuchdown scored against the Bobcats'and Badgers.
OLLECIATE
R
EVIEW
By Associated Collegiate Press
“Knock - knocks” usually open doors or at least drag a reluctant “who’s there?” from some weakwilled member of society, but they rarely close doors—^insane asylum doors, especially, on confirmed “knock-knockers.” Mr. X, the victim, began his shor4 career during an Econ. lecture by Prof. M. M. Davisson, of the University of California. He wag obviously satisfied that students should study the “decandent figures of capitalism”; so he stomped down the center aisle and joined the "amazed professor on the platform. Twice he “knock-knocked” for attention on the blackboard. But no customary query. Iljy. X got stage fright and ran off the platform through the side door. But he was not gone for long. Prof. Davissoii had just regained his composure and resumed his lecture when the side door opened. The unknown quantity, in full view of the audience, began playing “handies”, thumbing his nose at the lecturer, both hands interlaced. While temporarily incarcerated at the city hall, pending investigation, he flooded his cell with water, spread his blankets in the pools, and went wading. To the policemen’s demands for an explanation of his “ped-pud-dling,” Mr.^X earnestly said: “The doctor told me to keep my feet wet.” By the way, are you a confirmed “knock-knocker” ?
It’s The Berries— (Continued from page 1)
ed upon a truck and driven by a power take-off from the truck engine. This unit is “buttoned on” at the car door and cold air circulated by a big blower. Both this unit and the fans for the other method are easily moved, making them adaptable for use on succeeding crops in widely separated fruit districts. Suitable for the perishable fruits not only of Indiana, but of Illinois, Michigan, Geongia, and other of the fruit states, this cooling-in-the car method promises vast thought as yet indefinite gains. If the $63 premium is applied to a tqtfil of no greater than the present amount of precooling in California alone, it means $3,780,P00 more money for farms, a purchasing power for 60,000 additional radio sets or their equivalent. And that’s not all! At the rate of $15 per car (the pre-cooling fee which the Minnesota buyers gladly paid in addition to the net premium) it means $900,000 a year to filter back to operators; to makers of electric fans trucks and refrigerating machinery; to producers of electric power, gasoline and lubricants.
Butler Takes Cross-Country Run From Purdue Butler’s winged - foots came through with another victory this year to defeat the Old Gold and Black, 26-29. GriflSn, captain of the Butler team, and winner of last year’s cross-country meet, repeated his feat of the preceding year by breaking the tape first at yesterday’s meet. Griffin’s time was 15 minutes and 18 9-10 seconds, bettering his time of last year by 1 minute and 3 seconds. Bodeau of Purdue finished second, about 125 yards behind the winner, with the rest of our men following in alternate successions Goory, fourth; Long, sixth; Kna]^, eighth; Marozick, tenth. This meet was held at Ross-Ade stadium, as will be most of the meets this year. The Boilermakers are scheduled to meet Indiana on October 24, and Illinois wil follow on the 31st. Due to the fact that Indiana has three Olympic men on her team, Purdue will be in for a tough battle, but the Illinois meet promises better results for the wearers of the Old Gold and Black shorts.
SPARKENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK OR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle loc^ a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
,^‘DEA€” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic
Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN-LARSON, INC.
Phone 4450
1622 East Main
R. J. BATH Watch-Maker 608 Main {Street
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
virui lUllU
BIGGEST ISSUE EVER PUBLISHED © ESOUIUE, INC. t«t
> 4
t ♦ ♦
♦ -t >
♦ 4-4
♦ 4 4 4 4 SOFTBALL 4 4 4 4 4
TODAT Dfamond
1— ^Phi Kappa vs. Tan Kappa Epoilon. 2— Sigma Alpha Mn vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8—Pirathon vs. Alpha Kamm Lambda. 4—Alpha Gamma Rfao vs. Theta Tan. 12—Ward 10 vs. Ward 12. 14—Ward 4 vs. Ward 17. 16—Ward 16 vs. Ward 7. 16— Ward 11 vs. Ward 9, 17— Ward 2 vs. Ward 8. 18— Ward 16 vs. Ward 1.
44444444444 TOUCHBALL GAMES 44444444444 TODAY Field 1— Triangle vs. Acacia. Official, Mangas. 2— Theta Xi vs. Alpha Tan Omega. Cmicial, Boyer.
fH, Detd Ttule iPt Gahike. 4—Tan ISmfkmf Phi ve, thHtb CM. OffMU(> Hatnilton. Ntf vr. tMUt PlgmM LmtiMiu CMkfal, Kerher, 6— Sigma PM Epoikm vs. Deft* Ta* Delt*. Oifi^al, Latter. 7— Sigma CM vs. Delta VptOtm. CNfiefaf, Battling. 8— Pi Kappa PM v». Kappa Delta Bho, Official, Seek.
i
Purdue hss scored more points in the first two games this sc^istm than it scored in the entire schedule last year. The Boilermakers have scored 82 points in two games, 47 against Ohio University and 35 against Wisconsin, as compared with 65 points for the eight games of the 1935 schedule.
IN CHICAGO
I106EH PRYOR STAGE STAR • SCREEN STAR SON OF THE FAMOUS BAND LEADER AND ms ORCHESTRA STARS
m MASING THEIR FIRST APPEARANCE m ANY CHICAGO CAFE
JiimekunL with the ihutShouTFRou 7Sf
PURDUE BAND SPECIAL TRAIN
to
Chicago and Return account FOOTBALL GAME Purdue vs. Chicaso Saturday, October 17 SCHEDULE— GOING ^ Leave Lafayette - - - 7;OOA.M. Arrive Englewood - - 0:45 A.M. Arrive Chicago - - - 10:00 A. M.
SCHEDULE Leave Chicago Leave Englewood Arrive Lafayette -
RETURNING " - 11:59 P.M. - - 12:14 P.M. - - 3:00 A.M.
2
$040
Round
Trip
FOLLOW YOUR TEAM ‘Travel By Train in Safety and Comfort For further information call L. D. WOOD, Ticket Agent Phone $701iPjtMgeFottr
Wo,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
A Great Goat for the Game
GENUINE
$25-$30
You’ll be in perfect comfort from die **kick off” to die last minute of play if you’re wearing an Alpagora.
This famous Overcoat-»M>ft to the touch, yet extremdy darkle is 9% warmer dian materiak times heavier. It weighs 2 pounds less than the av^age garment.
Southwoith's
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
.l;,\ -
ONE OF MANY!
Smart as this double-breasted suit is, it's only one of the many in our extensive Fall collection. As the town's exclusive headquarters for
Hart Schaffner & Marx
clothes we make it our business to show a complete range of everything that's new, smart, authentic from th is famous maker. So whether it's the trim-fitting "Continental" or the casual drape models . . . the swagger Balmacaan topcoat or double-breasted town topcoat . . . you're certain to find "just what you were looking for" here!
Geislers
Clothes Shop, Inc. 500 Main St.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
A. S. M. E.—Mechanicals who have not yet signed up for membersliip may do so in G. A. Young's office. —WELDY.
Chess Club—First round matches of the Chess club tournameiit must be played off by Oct. 16 or be forfeited. —STALLINGS.
Lost—One billfold, bearing identification “N. W. Merrill, Stokley Brothers, Oakland, California and Indianapolis, Indiana,” containing Transportation Cards now void to any holder. The. finder may return anonymously to Box 226 of this paper. Reward.
For Sale—Chiffrobe (walnut finish) has place for clothes on one side and good drawer space on the other, ’10. Plat top desk, cost new $40, can hardly be told from new at a bargain. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 No. 5th Street.
NOTICES
No noticM accepted after 8 p. m.
Physics—Condition examination for physics 1, 2, 21, and.22 will be held October 17 from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 103, Physics Bldg. —ABBOTT.
Co-ed Tennis—^These games must be played before Oct. 16 :B. Barnes vs. M. Long, F. Beickle vs. E. Barnes, M. Walker vs. M. Jenkins, R. Jackson vs. L. Thompson, R. Randall vs. G. Walker, M. Mathes vs. E. Thomas, M. Wilson vs. M. Kidd, G. Elliott vs. M. DeWitt, A. Breitwiser vs. M. Pell, L. Mills vs. C. Forman, M. Mohler vs. B. Pickett, B. Kernel vs. M. Stocker. —RIETH.
Independents—All interested in debating or Beveridge cup contest must see Don Housekeeper, phone 8009, as soon as possible. Independents entering Beveridge contest must sign up with him. —WHITE.
Independents—Those who signed up for radio stage and others interested in radio stage or skit shop will be required to meet in tower room Oct. 16 at 4 o’clock. —WHITE.
Men’s Lockers—Men who have lockers in main locker room and are not using them please turn keys in to intramural office and receive your $2.00. —CLEVETT.
Basic Students—^Those desiring to remove a grade of 0 in Mil. Tr. 2, report to undersigned in adjutant’s office. Armory, before noon, Oct. 24. —HAYFORD.
Dolphin Club—^Important meeting at 7 at Kappa Sigma house. —STEWART.
Sigma Delta Chi—Important meeting at 7 Oct. 16 in room A in Union. I -HUNT.
Union Sophomores — My committee will meet in the Union office at 4 Oct. 16. —SHEETZ.
Union Sophomores—Our Committees will meet in the Union workshop at 4 Oct. 16. —SCATTERDAY, REITH,
Engineering Lectures — Freshman engineers will meet for engineering lectures Oct. 16 at 11 a. m. by divisions as follows: division' A, lecture roohi, Ml<’hael Golden Shops; division B, lecture room, E. E. Bldg.; division O, lecture room, M. E. Bldg (in two groups) ; division D, lecture room, C. E. Bldg. —KNAPP.
Catalyst Club—Important business meeting at 7 p. m. Oct 16 at the S. A. E. house. Keys will be distributed. —STROM.
Cadet Officer’s Entertainment Committee Please report to cadet officers room at 4 p. m.. Oct. 16 to report number of luncheon tickets sold. —ANDERSON.
Poultry Students—^Important meeting of Poultry club will be held Oct. 16 at 7:30 in the Poultry Building. All poultry students or students interested in poultry husbandry are invited. —ANDERSON.
W. A. A. Council—Meet in W. A. A. office Oct. 16 at 7:16. —ARNOLD.
WBAA Technical Staff Appointments— Will the following please report to the station in the E. E. Building at 4 p. m. Oct. 15 for technical staff appointments: Laurent Zilliger, Ebbler, Allen, Holmes, Richards, Koehler, KittnCr, Webb, Frazier, Farwell, Insley, Crawford, Wolfe, Shank, Rohas, Carr. —HAMMOND,
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation postponed until Oct. 26 at 8:30 a. m. —PITTMAN.
Home Ec Women—Meet in H. E. auditorium at 4 for Virginia C. Meredith club meeting. —WIEN.
Skull and Crescent—Meeting Oct. 16 at 7:16 in Union. Important. —FBNSTERMAKER.
Y. W. C. A.—Important meeting of the literature group Oct. 16 at 4 p. m. in the Y, W. C. A. office. —KLEIN.
Demolay—Meeting Oct. 16 at the Masonic Temple, 7:30 for the election of officers. All Demolay students invited. Bring dues cards. —MENNEN.
Y. W. C. A.—Important meeting of the program committee Oct. 16 at 4 p. m. in the Y. W- C. A. office. —MeINTOSH.
W. A. A. Hockey—Oct. 16 at 4 p. n Freshmen and juniors practice. —THOMPSON.
W. A. A. Ward Managers — Following girls meet at W. A. A. office Oct. 15 at 4 p. m.: Florence Beilke, Louise Harry, Dorothy Newman, Mary Mathes. —HUMPHREYS.
Scrivener Club—Meeting tonight at Culture Hall, 116 Sheets St. Bring manuscripts. —VBRBER.
Playshop Stage Crew—Report to sub-base-ment Oct. 16 at 4 p. m. —KETCHAM.
W. A. A. Swimmers—Practice for swim-j ming meet at 7:30 Oct. 16. —TUBBS.
Camera ClubUnion.
-Meet at 7:16 in room B of —CLAYPOLE.
Sigma Delta Chi—Important meeting at 7 p. m. Oct. 15 in the Union. —HUNT.
Purdue Engineer—Following men report to office at 9 p. m. Oct. 16: Applegard, Lowman, Sittig, Rohn, Prechter, Bradfleld, SkachiUske, Langohr. —GILBERT.
When your Glasses Break
We speed the fixing. lust bring in the pieces for analysis on the' Lensometer—we do not need your prescription.
Dr.A.EnZfJr.
OPTOMETRIST 607 Main Street
Cecil Isbell and John Drake may soon take over the “Touchdown Twin” apellation that was tied to Jim Carter and Duane Purvis, Purdue’s great backs of two years ago. Isbell scored four touchdowns on his own account against Ohio U., while Drake countered with three touchdowns against Wisconsin as Isbell was adding one to his total on a sparkliiig 70 yard dash.
Thursday, Odtober 16,1986
Be Sure , of Heat This Winter
SPERB .. Phone 2777
Hardware 822 Main
Read The Exponent
Youll Like
Our Store
You'll like our clothes — ou r shirts—our ties— and we're waiting for you. Come in, some time.
SUITS—TOPCOATS
$22.50 $25.00 $29.50
RosenthaPs 322 Main St. Lafayette
It's a Liqht Smoke!
—whether or not you inhale!
The joy you'll find in a light smoke doesn’t depend one bit upon the kind of smoker you are ... how often you smoke or how many Luckies you smoke. The gentleness of a light smoke, and the blissful throat-ease ofiFered by that exclusive Lucky Strike process known as "It’s Toasted” — they are simply bound to please you. And so will the taste of Luckies, for they are made firom the highest-priced leaves of the whole tobacco plant —the tender center leaves. A light smoke of fragrant richness. A light smoke kind to your throat.
SWEEPSTAKES FLASH!
Picks Winners—Husband Forgets
to Mail Entry
To true smoke lovers— those who inhale regularly —thegentlenessofalight smoke holds a special attraction. But even though you ore just on occasional smoker, you will find welcome throat protection in o light $moke.>.A Lucky!
Mrs. Joe D. Pridgen, Jr,, of Durham, North Carolina, was a very happy person when she heard that the songs she picked were winners in Your Lucky Strike "Sweepstakes.” But as she writes; "Now I’m plenty mad at my husband, who forgot to mail my winning entry. He’s not very popular at home right now.” Haveyo« entered yet? Have you won your delicious Lucky Strikes? Tune in "Your Hit Parade”—-Wednesday and Saturday evenings. Listen, judge, and compare the tunes—then try Your Lucky Strike "Sweepstakes.” And if you’re not already smoking Luckies, buy a pack today and try them, too. Maybe you’ve been missing something. You’ll appreciate the advantages of Luckies — A Light Smoke of rich, ripe-bodied tobacco.
Copyri«ht 1988, Th» Amerlon Tobaooo Compwiy
OF RICHy RIPE-BODIED / TOBACCO—"IT’S TOASTED"