X* r ’ ‘
\ 4
1 4
, ,hr 4' ^ ‘‘ 'ji I i Now Granted
Until SAay, 1944
EDIT COMMCKTS On Gas Ration Cards, Public Opinions
Established 1889
Volume 55, No. 56
.Pujrdue .University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, December 3, 1942
Week Features ElectioilS Fp'''*ie.r Dean of Men, M. L Fisher,
Purdue Engineer J Announces Staff I^iU*due>Engineer, the engineering magazine of the University, announced the election of Jack T. Kimbrell, sixth semester Mechanical engineer, as their new Editor-in-Chief in a release from their office last night. Charles Hattery, also sixth semester Mechanical, Was elected Business Manager. Elected as Associate Editors were William B. Hile, Mechanical Engineer, and Donald G. Frier, Chemical Engineer. The new Managing Editor, as announced last night, will be Robert A. Winslow, sixth sdmester Chemical Engineer. Arthur J. Coburn was elected advertising manager with Gene Nicholson as Assistant Advertising Manager. Robert E. Fischer was elected Artist. Promise Remodeling The Engineer, which has been a monthly publication since the early nineteen hundreds, will be in for a remodeling, according to the newly elected staff. It will bo practically a new magazine with a new cover, new page style, new articles, and new departments. The magazine will be slightly bigger than usual and will contain more illustrations than ever before. Humor threatens to invade the new issues along with the other changes. The newly elected editors have announced that the first edition of this new and revised magazine will make its appearance on the campus in time for next semester’s registration. .Ipyd Jpsselyn Joins
lice Libyd JosselJ^n, of the University library staff, has recently been ,tr,apsf€rred to the rapidly growing stgff .of the War Training Office, unfler ,the direction of Professor C. W. Beese. Josselyn began his new.dutips Tuesday morning. After a period of training in the Central Office, he will become a field representative in charge of some of the' part-time classes which are operated ill more than 60 industrial centers throughout the state. Since coming to the University ten years ago, Josselyn has been associated with the reference library. Working primarily with engineering students, he helped them find a more practical approach to some of the problems involved in technical research. He is a graduate in Civil Engineering from Brown University, Providence, R. I., and he supervised libraries at several army camps in the South during the last war. Ho had done library work in Birmingham, Alabama, and Puff^lo, New York, before coming to the Univel'sity. He has two daughters who gradpated from the University four ancj.five years ago. Several yeaj'.s. ago as president of the fiafayette Rotary Club, he attended an International Convention in Algiers and is well acquainted with many of the sjrots visited by the Americans and British when they recently opened up t,hc sgcond front. He has served as secretary of the Rotary Club for a number of years. Activities Bureau Seeks Cooperation I’n ^tiident Survey '^k ‘suWfei^ of student opinion concerning the value of campps activities has been started by the Activities Bure.au. Sey^h hundred post cards have been sent out to, a cross section of the S'tu4®nt body in order to gain inli;or»«atjon yopcerning the rating of the, various .activities by the studeiifs thein^f>lv^»’ As yet only 157 of the students have appeared to fill out the questionnaires, and^'or this reason, the cooperation of the students has been asked in order to make the survey a more successful poll of student opinion. If more students do not respond, the survey will be abandoned.
Editor-In-Chief
jack Kimbreil
Business Manager
Charles Hattery
Four Hoosier Teams Compete In Judging Friday, Saturday Four Hoosier teams are traveling to Pittsburgh, Pa., to compete for honors at the National Junior Vegetable Growej's’ Association meeting on Friday and Saturda5'. Roscoe Frasei, extension horticulturist of the University, who is accompanying the teams to Pittsburgh, announced today that Indiana will be represented m the vegetable judging contest by the three high-ranking individuals in the .state contest held at the 1941 state fair. They are Max Ileffley, of Auburn; Walter Scott, of OLterbein, and Robert Cieal, of Tei’re Haute, all now attending the University. C. E. Baker, county agent at Auburn, who ccached HolTlcy, high I anking individual in the state contest, will accompany the team. Enter National Contest Entered in the national demon.stration contest are three teams. Wayne Ennen and Herbert Yqung, both freshmen from Terre Haute, will go a.s the top winners at the 4-H Club Round-Up. Two other demonstration team entires, winners at the 1941 and 1942 Muck Crops shows, have been given trips by the Indiana Fai m "Bureau Coopei alive. Bill Harrison and Glen Stultz, North Terre Haute, the 1941 winners; and Don Mowery and Bob Kirk, also of North Terre Haute, and this year’s winners, are the two teams. Their coach, Walter Weber, vocational agriculture teacher, will
accompany them.
Pay Expen.s'e.s For Three Heffley, Scott, and Creal will have their expenses paid by the Indiana Vegetable Grov/er.s’ Association and the State Fair board. En^nen. Young, and their coaches, Howard Emme, assistant county agent at Terre Haute, and John Turner, vocational agriculture tgacher at Honey Creek near Terre Haute will have their expenses paid by Sears, Roebuck and Co. Indiana will also be represented at the meeting by Lawrence Goger, of Auburn, vice-president of the national organization, who is now a sophomore at the University.
Senate Names Staff For Next Semester Paul G. Miller,' junior electrical engineering, was elected Tuesday night by the members of the* Student Senate to head that organization for the next semester as presi-
dent.
Elected with Miller was Paul G. Hoffman, junior science, who will serve as Senate vice-president for the coming semester. Roberta Glezen, senior home ec, was re-elected secretary while Russel W. Hardin, junior agriculture, was chosen to fill the office of treas-
urer.
Miller is president of Delta Tau Delta, and a member of POMM, Scabbard and Blade, and Eta Kappa Nil. Hoffman is a member of Kappa Sigma fraternity while Hardin is a member of Alpha Gamma Rho and Alpha Zeta. “Bobbie” Glezen reigned as queen of the 1942 Junior Prom. These officers along with Roger Moynaham, Jeanette Rutherford, and Donald Brewer will comprise the senior board of the Senate. The new junior executives appointed are Robert King, Mary Grace Minkler, William Duestei'berg, Thomas Spitler, Richard W’elty, Lois Caldwell, Allyn Crofts, and Louis Fischer. Hockema Addresses Alpha Zeta Banquet Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president of the University, spoke last ni.ght at t’ne fall initiation banquet of Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary fraternity. The topic of his address was .‘‘-4Philosophy of Life for Stability, or Standing Solidly in Your Shoes.” The banquet, held in honor of the fall pledge class of seventeen, was held in the Home Economics Cafeteria. Also on the program was Prof. George E.'Davis, head of the Educational Placement Service. Prof. Davis portrayed sketches from the life of Riley. Besides actives and pledges of the honorary fraternity, several former members of Alpha Zeta, who are on the University staff were in attendance. Dr. Joseph Tiffin Joins Chicago War Labor Board
Dies Of Stroke In Home Hospital ^ I ' Officers Of Sigma Pi Fraternity To Act As Pafibearers
Alvino Rev Ada/e StuWenfs 4. . Will Receive
To Appear
Deferment
Here Friday In comrrtemoration of the attack on Pearl Harbor, Alvino Rey and the King Sisters will appear to play and sing for the war stamp convo and mixer this Friday in the North and
Dr. Joseph Tiffin has been appointed as a representative of the public on the Chicago area war labor board. Dr. Tiffin is a member of the staff of the division of education and applied psychologji and will serve with representatives from other universities, including Chicago, Wisconsin and Minnesota. These representatives will act as an advi.sory committee to the board.
King Sisters
South ballrooms of the Union. The goal for the sale has been set at .‘^2,000 with the expectation that the students will demonstrate theii patriotism by buying the amount of stamps neces(See ALVINO REY, page 4)
Plan To Relieve Needs in Technical Fields Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, received word recently from Selective Service officials that University students with certain qualifications who w’ill graduate prior to May, 1944, will be deferied from'Y.ervice in the armed forces in order' to continue their studies here. Professor Hockema is quoted as saying, “Students being trained in these critical fields, such as engineering, physics, chemistry, bacteriology, certain lines' of agriculture, and other courses regarded as essential to the war effort, should see the heads of their schools or divisions at once so that they may be deferi ed to finish the training which our government regards as
essential.”
Designed To Alleviate Bottleneck This plan is designed to help alleviate the serious bottleneck in the manpower situation—that need for trained men in technical fields. Of course, it will be necessary for the student’s grades to be deemed
satisfactory.
All recommendations which receive the approval of the head of the school in which the individual is enrolled must be approved by the president’s office before being sent to local selective service boards.. Professor Hockema urges immediate action by the students regarding this matter, as local boards have already begun to classify 18 and 19 year old registrants. Forestry School Receives High Rating Society of American Foresters, Forest School accrediting committee, has informed the University department of Forestry and conseiwation that the University has received a grade of 86 in- a recent nationwide survey and inspection of forestry schools. Dr. E. R. Martell, head of the forestry and conservation department, states that this grade places the University on the leading list of schools teaching forestry. Changes and improvements made in recent years are credited with seeming the high grade and honor
Dean M L. Fisher
for the first time at the University, yules on hours, residences and study
The Society ol American Forest- periods.
New Navy Shore Patrol Controls Gobs On Leave By Paul G. Hahn Night sticks and armbands with the distinctive letters, SP, have marked the Bluejacket Shore Patrol on downdown streets for the past several weeks. The uniform also includes a belt, leggings and a knitted watch cap. Its duty is to patrol military areas and prevent trouble. The organisation and duties of the Shore Patrol were featured in a special'broadcast of “Here Comes the Navy” over WBAA yesterday. This radio
program, written by Ensign Lee Somers and directed by Cecelja Wahl, is a regular weekly feature by the sailors in training at the University. Sihee the sailors stationed here are given liberty only during week end.s. Shore Paip'ol is limited to Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights. The patrol has been organized under the direction of Lt. (j. g.) Olav Johnson, security officer, assisted by Chief Petty Officer Lou Celia, who served ten years with the detective bureau of the Chicago police force before resigning to join the Navy. The Lafayette police cooperate
downtown office space. The jiatrol was organized to prevent trouble and not becau.se of any pa.st disturbances. A unit of the USO Comp Shows, Inc., from New York will entertain the Bluejackets and all other service men in the community next Monday evening, Dec. 7, at 7 p. m. in the Hall or' Music. The show will include a chorus, novelty acts, comedy team.s and dance routines. A special repeat perfoimance of the Aquacade will be given for all service men Sunday at 2:30 in the Fieldhouse. The program will include performances by two- world’s champions, ballet routine.s, comedy acts, roller skating on the floor of
ors is the professional foresters’ society in the United SAtes. Its pui-pose is to keep watch on instruction given in American institutions so as to assure the training of competent practitioners. All forestry schools in the country are inspected carefully every five years to accomplish these objectives.
All Seniors Anyone desiring or requesting extra seats for graduation on December 20, see R. W. Hardin in the Student Senate office between the hours of 4-5.
Dr. R. E. Schreiber Will Demonstrate Uses Of Cyclotron Dr. R. E. Schreiber of the University physics department will give a lecture-demonstration entitled “Principles and Uses of the Cyclotion” before an open meeting of the Radio Club next Wednesday at 7:30 p. in. Ah students and faculty members are invited to attend. The lecture will be of a popular nature with mathematical computations kept to a npnimum in order that the niateiial will be within the scope of all
students.
Supplimented by slides, the lecture also inclu^gs a demonstration of the use of (Shiiggr Counters with
Af Funeral Services This Afternoon At 3 Professor Martin Luther Fisher, 71-year-old former Dean of Men at the University, died Tuesday night at the Home Hospital of a sti’oke which he suffered November 22. Professor Fisher retired June 30, after having suffered a stroke May 1, just one day before he was to have been honored for his 39 years of service to the University. At that time he was confined to the hospital for several weeks, and he was ill several times during the summer and autumn. He returned to the hospital about two weeks ago and was stricken while undergoing treatment for the heart ailment. The funeral will be this atterncon at 3 at Bradshaw Funeral
Parlor.
Born In Wells County Dean Fishei was born on a farm in Wells County, October 24. 1871, and he began his career as a teacher there in the rural schools. He attended the University from 1894 to 1896 and then returned to Wells County to teach. He received his Bachelor of Science in Agriculture from the University in 1903 Joining the University research and teaching staff, he lose to the position of assistant chief of soils and crops in the Agricultural Experiment Station and chief of the agronomy staff. From 1921 to 1926 he served as Dean of the School of Agriculture. When Dean Stanley Coulter retired in 1926, Professor Fisher was chosen Dean of Men. In this position he came in contact with most of the students of the University. Author Of Book Dean Fisher wa.s the author of a book, “Agriculture for the Common Schools” which was widely known over the state. About two months ago he was authorized by the Board of Trustees to write a history "ofTk^ University’s experimental farms, but his physical condition prevented the completion of this work. He wrote many bulletins and pamphlets for the University and many articles for the farm press. He was a pioneer in the establishment of vocational agriculture in the state and often spoke at farmers’ insti-
tutes.
He was active in the American Society of Agronomy, the Indiana Academy of Science, the Association for the Advancement of Agriculture, and the Indiana Audubon Society. He was a member of the Methodist Church, the Kiwanis Club, and Sigma Pi social fraternity. Surviving him are his wife, and one daughter, Mrs. Edgar D. Harder, of Detroit. Funeral for Professor Fisher will be held at 3 this afternoon, with the officers of Sigma Pi acting as pallbearers, and J. B. Cunningham, A. T. Wiancko, V. C. Freeman, F. C. Hockema, F. L. Goldsmith, T. R. Johnston, R. H. Carr, R. G. Dukes, H. E. Enders, H. J. Reed, C. T. Hazard, and W. Aikenhead as honorary pallbearers.
Cornthwaite To Head AWS Next Semester; Over 250 Coeds Vote Dorothy'Cornthwaite, junior in special science, was yesterday elected president of Associated Women Students for the coming semester. Mabel Vaughan, a junior in the School of Home Economics, will serve as vice-president of the org-an-
ization.
Carol Roblee, science sophomore, was re-elected secretai'y, and Jean Thompson, a home economics junior, was elected treasurer. Both Miss Roblee and Miss Thompson are members of Delta Gamma so-
lority.
Lois Veit, science junior, was chosen junior representative, and the sophomore representatives will be Betty Murphy, Chi Omega, and Mary Lou Sternberg, Kappa Kappa Gamma. Over two hundred and fifty ballots were cast in the election. The association acts as a self-gov-erning agency for the 12,000 women students on the campus. Its functions include making and enforcing
with the Shore Patrol and furnish the pool and music by the Glee Club, ^'adio-active matey^lg.
Cooperates With University Every two years the association cooperates with the University in presenting an elaborate vocational contiact, to give the coeds up-to-date information on jobs for which this University offers training. The orientation prqgram is planned for the fi’eshmen and each new coed is introduced to a counselor. To finance their activities, AWS sponsors the annual Gold Diggers Ball, the first coed bid dance of the
year.
WRH North Wins Intramural Rifle T ournament WRH North was the winner of the Intramural Riflery T^ournament which was held Monday evening, November 30, with 12 teams competing. The Phi Mus placed second and the Kappas took third place. Brita Kraeplin, senior Kappa, was high schorer with an 87; and Ellen Clark, junior Kappa, and Carolyn Wilbur, North Hall sophomore, tied for second place honors with an 83. The teams were composed of the five girls from each house or hall shooting the highest scores. All girls who competed had completed six practices. Riflery will start again next semester, January 18, when class teams will be chosen and lutei*eollegiate telegraphic meets will be scheduled.
YWCA Board Elects Packard President Results of the YWCA elections which were held yesterday afternoon have been announced. The new offieers are Jane Packard, president; Betty Drake, treasuier; and Lois Caldwell, secretary. The girls are urged to petition for cabinet positions directly after elections because there will be four vacancies left by graduating seniors. The graduating cabinet officers are Dorothy Arvidson, Carolyn McCary, Chancellor Ball, and Gloria
Neimeyer.
The new officers were elected by a two-thirds vote of the voting
members.
SC A Members To Attend Annual Christmas Dance Approximately 350 couples will dance tomorraw night to the music of Maury Mahn and his orchestra at the annual semi-formal Christmas bid dance of the Student Cooperative Association. The dance will be held in the South Ballroom of the Union from 8:30 to 11;30. SCA members of the sixteen houses and their friends will attend the dance.■ r 1 ■- "* T^-\ f f /:
PH
'JpSWi'P " * a. w'i .
“ " If* V \ \ ''
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, December 3, 1942
Purdue Exponent Ofhccs Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fleldhouse, Phone 2792 Editori-i! Phone After 10 p m , 5377
ft i(or in < huf Nrvis i dilor Murafe^ nc fditof Spott*5 I T»< V Upt-ino MtnnR^cr < oT I (\\i r
lohn F Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong Robert L Hadley Ken K Ojemre Alice ChatAeld
Publication Staff
Assoc ale Ed tors I 1 I r 'll StTff n 'W Oh Itr c \ P H inter W E Rafert 1 } I t \\ i H I 1 \V Bo \sinklt k Roqucnlorc
1 ^ 1
1 lu nc «= Mniias: r l R 1 ILC I l I Mai aRtr u I inner r l t 1 Mana cr
T S Da\s n D Shryer C Itc IH Jem I auei Elune
Business Staff ‘I J il a V itn I ■Vl'^rtltni Th son J Petty V II Kluuman I r T 1 rtnKa flkn Clark lane kcim
Ihe Purdue Independent
( H 1 J r \d trti 1 u Ml \cc u I*' Siai a
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Flwin Wclbaum Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue ■ h Sports Editor Brewer c Issue Fditor Tyson r cl 1 I 1 C \lor Coo IcnooKh Smelt rN 1 M 11 h\ H hn I irs( ns Sommei Ji 1 1
1 s matt r 11 tl c office in Lafay t i C n&rcs tC Maicli 3 18 9 t I 1 staRc J roM led Itr in section 101 itboi / d J in laiy 20 1922 i 11 isiiy fiuiay and Sunday moinings ] ] 1 lly Iv cirrier fc r $1 foi i V. semt t J by mail for ^2 00 foi a ' iw me ter 1 I e 1 t on M 50 l I d rl sinj, ly National Adverlls; ( II 5 1 blibh IS R< I reset tatives 4 0 'i 1 N \
There Are Few Like This One . . . VI 1 f ilion cards were passed out to Ihi S'- ! Cl il imbhc last week, we lound one h t )i)\ not imid the ‘^oui A 1 u end one ot those few people eniikd to a C lation caid However, when oii'^Lil i\(lle ministei went up to the authoriti s t' apiiU loi his tickets, he requested an A cud His comment, “I don’t have fallen ucl s so 111 walk to the places I must go ” 1 imam college students, and to the averI M i id Ml s Public, such a commendable iTliiiuk IS piacticallj an oddity While most 1 ijiic uc stiuggling to inveigle schemes for oin urn ig moie gasoline, it’s a happy time for u —-^0 icalize that some people do take thSs M \ 'l scnoLisly and aie doing their utmost to \ id the wai effoit—cfh
ROME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
dhlaJtin/p JhsL (hdA.
Nnasa-
0A>I01'
-3vyoa
1 1
1 J anil
i t f
runts ouL the number-, while
f 1
(1 i p
1 10]
1 odie 1
cep knocking them
(
It I
t 1 s
t me you be,,in to v ondei
1
11 y
J ((
. |)r. Olltl
tinning the ALI in
'* i
' ill
oldie th it
, can 1 un lon,.,ti and
1 1 t
lie t\(
f. 1 ad of
a jihy-iical tiaininp
' ty
1 t (I
Ainiv 1) isi
tiaining should be
t a e 1
1 1 (i 1 eat
that
he (ke
n thump into a P 8
> I—• till) „il c 1 o(b twistinc pciiod—jou tala < it I |) <tti the o))st idt tiack then jou ait ) i I ( III U flaj s pio„nm of traininj, i’ 'U 1 I liool and physical ti-aining in the umy 1 la li ( niK —(xcept the tollcgt touist is to pKj 1 1 1(1 lh< aimy and the iiiny loutinc is t 1 I I I 'Oil to (aptuic Max Sthmcling single I ( l( I n (a ( \ou jie (lit to the aine tiont liom \s 0 1) 1 J I (ti e ilni,.
li' ill I (la s it Sunt Mali the Uo ds ( ol ( IiK ui I I J ihts loui --(t oft sins t ol t( Unncisity has built a laie book loom in Jaimi B Colgate Memoual Libiaiy
I uit I Note Corporal Bud FberCs one time ril I of thiT column appears here m print for what \ in th 1 ist lime He is now suffering at an aimj n ) s( nievs ncrc
t it 1 he (lav iou hist came into official contact il inii physical diiectoi—you may have I flat \ou svtic in pietti good condition, but 1 c (f vfui fiist ‘-uicide period of exercising Ml g bundled to one odds that you will 111 be il lo to bend ovci to tic youi own shoes I jlssicil dncctors aic built like guards on i" c Dame line have the cnduiance of a sixteen , I 1 1 incoln and smiles as often as any ardent (1 1 Ucf What Chailes Atlas could leai n from ( ( 1 th c Icadd^ of calisthelitics would fill a book / 1 W t sic s unibiidged J c „i\rn caili in ^he moining—by the 11 aw ikc iou have moic Charlie ft "] in rf Wai has relatives and youi back II t t ( rtiy in the Kentucky Derby just e 1 1 \ pi c with all four hoof prints \ 1 (kiibt what lo "-end i so’dici just 1 s I iiatcst gilt papci rnd mail—one 1 It ol Inimciit —X— ( s U it tl c tc nper ituic is well above r I 1 1 1 cl \ /CIO dcgiccs or on ani d ly— s 1 ( th( mu tic man with the gold bii \ 1 w lo 1 \ 11 m up' A "Warm up nine 1 ( ( I ists of iiining in jilacc (m i I ) Il Hi„h the piisual strain of dash ' t I lit never getting unywheie ) -f i ih r 111 th u t gets around to shout e II c tiiing to remcniboi it i,he l I e iten is voi-,t than the daily I ( 1 c I loui Icttci athlete the haul way I tl f I ilive fi im BSrfPE eit„iet gets
qiie mmw Tm U S R- Of! Merry-go-RouKD By DREW PEARSON Army, Navy Wastes Youth On Routine Duty; Ordnance Expert Now Club Caretaker WASHINGTON—The nation may face a shortage of manpower but here is some of the Almy and Navi wastage which seems lo iridicate that they have manpower to burn Guards are kept on dutv, daj and night in fiont of the dormitories in the Harvard Yard, Cambridge, Mass , to protect the joiing men now taking couises in naval science These guards aie trained fighting men, equipped with aims supposedly needed at the front The students iimide the dormitories presumably are in no greatei dangei than their predecessois dm ing more than a ccntiiij of Haivard studv Parking lots for officers around Army Navy build ings are ,^uatdecl by young M ? soldiers Non military depaitmentb ol the government use older guards, vet erans of the last war The fall planting of grass seed around Bolling Field, All Corps base for the capital, was done by uniformed enlisted men who thought, when they joined the An Corps they might have some eonnec Iron with airplanes They were disappointed and dis illusioned by this experience At the same air field, a trained pharmacist, who has an advanced college degree in science, is being emplojed as an ambulance driver A ta\i diiver could do the job just as well Naval veomen ciirying radio messages from one officer to another inside the Navy Department must wart thirty minutes to an hour or even more while each officer reads the message confers with his isso crates and acts The yeoman cannot come back later he has to wait Able bodied and mtelli„Gnt some times they are able to deliver only three or loin mes sages in a day I he former president of an ordnance pi int now a piivate in the Army is stiving as caielakei it an officeis club at an An Corps bise 1 he Navy Department is so overstaffed with officeis doing paper work that one >oung ensign who wanted to be sent to sea adopted the practice ol reading a hiightly bound detective novel at his desk He made his lack ol duties so conspicuous that his siipenors were embairassed finally senTliim to >^ea Many a handsome uniformed Mar me who has joined the Marines to fight the war finds himself stuck m the N ivy Department building lunninj eilands oj standing guard in doorways Why inteiioi guaidb of combat ige are needed remains a pux/le because no one can enter the building without i spe eial pass Civilian depiitmcnts use old world war veterans as giiaids • Capita! Chaff New sergeant it arms of the Senate will be W ill Doxev retiring Senator from Mississippi leplicing Che'-ley Juinei foimei seeietaiy to the 1 ite Senator Copeland ot New York Republican Ed Moore the Oklahoma oil|n'ian who stunned the country by defeating Democratic Josh Lee for the Senate now seriously eonsideis switching to the Democratic side of the Senate Mooie was once a Democi rt now thinks he could get more political patronage tint way (Wrong dope Senator elect Moore Roosc vclt gives the jobs to Republicans these (lavs) A wave ol fear buyi ig of radio battenes is sweep ing the coiinti V but is unnecessary and harmful The WPB Ins limited sales of batteries to curtail this wave but it 1 as not fiozen them Represent itive elect Will Rogers ^on ol the cowboy humorist will be the only member ol Congress who his evei been on KP duty in the army m this war Fianklin Roosevelt III grandson of the President has a re-, ulai detail of Secret Service guilds • More income Ceilings One ot the tougheTt tax problems betoic Congress IS to decide w letlrei or not there should he a V5 000 ceiling- on all unearned incomes Beginning Jan 1 there is a ceiling on all (salaries above 5i25 000 but theie i-, no provision peimilting the President lo limit incomes tiom investments 1 hus (he man who make^ his living thiough a salaiy can make onlj so much But the man whose family ae cumulated a lortune, and who gets his money b> clipping coupons can receive just as much as before Reason for this is the law passed by Con^iess list summer giving the Piesident the power to place a eeilin^ on salai re but not on unearned incomes The law slipped thiough Congie-^s partly by acei dent anyway If =ome of the Old Guard sciiatois had realized that the bill even went so far as lo limit salaries they never would have passed it But when they isked Senator Pientiss Blown of Miehig in in charge of the bill whclhti it peimitte 1 the Piosidcnt to place a ceiling on salaries ho replied ‘Wc il coim back to that later ’ And the Old Guild Senators foi got to come b lel to it So now having passed the limitation on salai ics Congress is laced with the pioblem of either iipial mg the Slimy ceiling or placing, a eeilin^, or unearned incomes They don L want to do eithei The gathering storm was presided last wtik by Senatoi George who declared that He validi y of the salaiy ceiling w rs ecitrin to be thilleiutd by lh( new Congress NOTE Critics of Ihe President ire saying (hat ite benefits by the present provision since ins mother left him a considerable income from unearned invest ments Real (ruth however is (hat both I DR and Mr Roosevelt are boosting the plan ior an i(|uali/ed ceiling on all iniomes, both earned and unearned • Merry-Go-Round Josh lee ietiiin„ 'senator fiom Oklahoma looks like a sure bet loi appointment to the Civil Acio nautics Boaid Josh did more than any olhei mpn in Congiess to pioneer for big eaigo planes "Also aftei the Aeronautics appointment is Congiessman Andrew Edmiston ol West Virginia W liter Wiiiehell IS flying to South America loi a visit of about a month The Nazis situation on 'liinis is like Guadalcanal in leveise They could land men by plane with small aims but no heavy aims Until iceently that s the w ly the Marines were in the Solomons At Dilai ind Alexandiia the I leneh have two battleshijis seven cruisers loin destioyers Ih subs and some smallei ships Jimmy Waibuig aiithoi of the famous book Ilell Bent foi I lection with which the Repuhliuins u icd to defeat Roosevelt is t ow Mi Bi., when iL com s to OWI foreign polieich In some lespeet he is moie active and powerful than Elmer Davis (Uistiibuted by United reatiiie Syndicale, ^ne ) *
Fill Out Transportation Form By 4 PM Monday Printed below is the transportation questionnaire listing all available means for leaving Lafayette Sunday through Wednesday, Dec 20-23, inclusive It is to the students’ benefit to fill it out and return it to the West Desk of the Union by 4 p m Monday This should be used by those not leceiving a mimeographed sheet fiom the Student Senate and may be filled out by moie than one peison For — , J, , iG30PM instance, il four are leaving at Indiana Bus (Muiicie) 4 23 on the Gieyhound, place a 25 A M
‘Mv stais, Henry—as il theie isn t enough tiouble m the woiid, you have to discovei a now geim ’
University Calendar Thursday, December 3
(4) in the propel place
hound times indicate departuie from West Lafayette—all others
Lafaye'-fe)
I aeiiilv S M T Grey hound (Southbond)
6 25 A M
10 55 P 8 13 P () 08 P 1 55 P 2 38 P 12 55 P 10 IS P In il in ipoli Only 8 10 A. M 7 10 A M (idViounl (Noithbound) . 50 A TI
(Giey- 12 35 P
4 06 P
1 00 P M Stietn Review 7 00 P M How to Study ( k up 7 00 PM ( imei i ( 111 7 10 P M bigrn i \i Dill n M( (ting
II ill ol Musit R ron (1 Ui 1 m Room 01 Unon Pm 311 S 111 ( o il II il
7 10 P Ri FT III Sigm lint im llinli ti n I i 108 MF B1 Ig
Today's Screen kevsew
New^—9 rnin Further Prophecies ol Nostiodanu*; Timing Is Everything—10 min Nightmare ot a Goon—10 min Colorlul North Caiolina—Id mni Emil Coleman Oich—10 min Information Please—Il mm College Songb—') run Donald’s Gaiden—0 mm
-1 26
-10 nun
i 00-
00—I r> I 10—I U) ? 20—1 r> ] U)_", 00 ? U)_5 15 5 -)0—) 2> 1 10— 1 18—0 Ur Out—0 41
50 A 0 A 0 A 41 P 50 P () P 50 P 8 50 P 10 50 P Yinl u 4. ( 0 A 10 00 A I 00 P 7 0 P Yanl ec 5 10 A IMP 5 1 I P 11 59 P
M M M M M - M M M M 11 hv i\ s (\oi till oimd) M M M M 11 iilw ly (Soutlihound) M M \I M
to
tlie ^dihfv
Usiiiicd Brefbueiii SSudenf’S Wsil Meet' At 7:-^0 Friday An n imrl mc^tinj loi all I I l i 1 I itl n til k now i (he L i\ e it \ ill he 1 ki ' 11 Ijv it ^ 0 1 1 10 1 0 ot the
To The I ILk I 1 i cell n 11 n Vlost pioj le on heiini i 1 a i t) r i in (1 \ i in lum til it 1111 y c i tac c C( s k 1 tic I \ L i i 1 w u i -^t i I build T g lilts t t th it m 0 It i 0 t r i 1 t it [ t ill ly t molt n 111 Un\ it 1 ill li rt t i le ti ut ii i nt 111 less it orti t C )( 1 ( 111 I I 1 I 1 I tells orr th c (I fi i s li t i 1 ( t 1 " till il u Biology Vniix ind Uni isu HU ii ei (iil should ill si] (cl I —
1 bl til 11 1 II) D sp II
tliesc it 0 s n o 1 I t u 11
tviy 1 ill (Isil
sense
Vv h \ 1 ( I n \ u 1 1 i (11 ide tin I 1(1 m ! ) ( I me mini I i Wt e ii t it u t 1 i ry thing I 1) S I il 1
In hai i Bu (S Bci d) (I t W lyne) 7 15 4 M 13 15 I M 00 P M 5 15 P M (M ehigcin ( ly ) 11 10 P M Indian i Bi s (I ei 11 II uite) 8 15 4 M 11 45 A M
.AIL PC
• Ujy /'“ c {y TSn g
HOME or
OPOeiSWEAl!
HENRY ROSENTHAL CO. 322 Mam St
Dears E.C. Young he i(' ol the i I I i ( r I \ ill 1 e 1 1 ( h i t( y i ' i monow wl i ti in; i 1 rci lb ol the f nni ( i(i\ i n me it ]) i ! n i tit 1 I ep 11 It f 11(1 111 i fii
IfiUll
, kr<- A
TODAY FRI SAT TWO FIRST RUN HITS
NAlf
TODAY
as^d TOMORROV/
r mWV \ D ncKd by IIBERI $ ROGIIL Or I nal Screen Play by Art Arthur ind Frank lOMiir
("i k\\
A Paramount P dure * tb
Ann MILLER* Betty RHODES* jerry C0L0NNA*johnnie JOHNSTON* Vera VAGUE
TODAY FRIDAY - SATURDAY SAe Am fAe t£ST Aer ever Y 1 A V ■i <' t DIANA ROBERT BARRYMORE CUMMINGS
uutk KAY FRANCIS John BOLES Andy DEVINE Walter Catlett Ethel Grilfies i/! Guinn Williams
M M
Monon R R (Louisville) 12 10 A M n 50 A M Monoi R R (Chicago) 5 30 A M 3 4a P M Wabash R R (Dell oil) 3 06 P M 12 25 4 M Wabash R R (St LouiU 13 67 P M 1 15A M Bi; I oiu R R (Cihici.,o) 11 18 4 M 3 40 P \I ^ 13 P M 1 55 A M 5 10 A M Big lout R Iv ((intinniLi) II 3) A M 13 13 P n 1 30 P M 13 30 A M 3 10 A l\l D u!\ e (’! ] L Mon 11 ( ( nntet o IS loi ( kvt I ist III In By C u ’ No I ill it the 1 uml c i ol p( i IS ! I ! 11 I n in I d ly c ilumns il not lilt indu ate any w IV Iimt (1 It ) 1 Line I 11 I it lyt It riid (n I tk t n I on ait ; ntn (C lev 1 o ind lim s i ( W T ) Il IS 1)1) it ml thiL y ni ('> not f 1 it m I til rn one ejiie tiontuiie Pk ise to(|tiite m this tfioil to rill you (hnstmis 11 !e homt sui 11 1 (o r fot t U It nirtirrTUiiianur
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
UmpMI;: ^MARKEfSTREE
III i|SB^|i' fl!!!!!! 'w„h‘ LIONEL ATWiLL UNA MERKEL NAT PENDLETON CLAIRE DODD
— ALSO — )UNCll SiglAL r£R!-.S C" NYCKA /IfST P4(H- HEWS -irwiyTriv iwiiiiiwigEtBBiwixiaBiaLaaiaBraKaaBwmcCTpwBi
lblAi<
TODAY - FRI - SAT -DOUBLE FEATURE-
rSlIANGLE •fOAIiGEIt! Fiery romance on an island .. ."where the besL are like the worst”!
'’■< 2 oiy cr How St- s Arc Ci.r-1 SIAflDUST with fw L( IDA DARKC' ' jCHH PAYML’,'i ’> i‘ 1 [, , - ■’ i •, ^ ^ ' i'-- . i'5M '* |V^ fhut^dy, December 3, 1942
iW^W^- \'«' ««&*.?. ..]T -»i;
Boilermaker Sports
PageM
liMiiMl*
Purdue Relays Plans Comedy,
^ormulatecj By PhilHps
: It has been revealed that Boilermaker Track Coach Hermon Phillips, newly elected president of the Cross Country Coachs’ Association, is formulating plans to institute a “Purdue Relafys” track and field carnival, if -wartime transportation facilities pefmit.' Phillips, organizer of the famous “Butler Relays” while track coach there, said “There is a definite need for competition if we intend to continue to have - —,
track.”
The Butler Relays and the Illinois Relays, as well as several other competitive meets of this type, have been caused to be cancelled because of the ai’med forces taking over the places whei e these events were annually held. iMeets could be had with schools in other paHs of the country, but the transportation prpblems for the lOtlg trip required to attend this type meet is too critical to give it much consideration. Because of this, the track coaches of the individual scHools are going to have to arrange their own competition and the tTurdue Relays” is Phillips’ answer to the problem in this vicinity. Plans for the meet are very indefinite at the present time, and ejdensiVe preparations are not expected to be made until the proposed carnival has met With the approval of the school and governmental authorities. , Jilntranee into the meet will be invitational, and Phillips would like to hold the meet .some time in the latter, part of March. Members of tJio Boilermaker varsity and freshman cross countiy .squads will be the guests of Coach Phillips at venison dinner at the Lafayette Country Club tonight. Pol-' lowing the dinner, announcement of the winners of freshman and varsity numerals will be made. x-The varsity squad, which lost but one dual meet during the past season and took’third place in both the Big Ten and State championships as,well as fini.shing eighth in the nationals, will elect a captain for the 19^8 campaign at the dinner meeting.
Eight Answer Beers' First Call for Boxers; To Reorganize Club An attempt to reorganize the Purdue Boxing Club is rapidly materializing into a reality, as the first call for boxing enthusiasts was responded to by eight boys. The purpose of this club is “To help the individual build-up of bodies for courage, experience and determination; to help the national effort in building up manpower, saving time and
money”.
The promoter and instructor of this club is Jim Beers, an instructor in PEM 12. Beers assisted in the formation of the club three years ago by the ex-Boilcrmaker boxing instructoi, Joe Benna. Benna is no^ serving in the Army. Workouts of the club are to be held daily fiom 4 to G:30. Basic fundamentals of boxing will be taught at first, later developing into the more i igorous and complicated points of the ait. The Workouts will be under an instructor’s supervision at all times. The boys who have come,,out foi the sport arc Bob Packmar, John Lettermen, John Biehle, Bob Isocke, Vergil Nicholas, Bob Smith, D. E. McMillen and F. R. Vogelgesang. Since the tremendous value of this organization is easily appreciated, many more boys aie expected, and urged to go out. All boys who are interested are asked to report to the boxing loom, above the gym floor in the Fieldhouse between 4 and fi:80 any week day.
(Today’s Communiques were written by Dave Shryer) Aquacade Feature* The annual Aquacade rolls around again this Week end bringing the campus another fine display of water frolic. Probably fifty ;p"er cent of Dick Papenguth’s headaches and perspiration are expended in planning for this event, but when it’s all over, the coach readily admits that it was worth it. . « This will be the public’s first chance to see Roy Heidke in action as a member of the varsity squad. P^penguth has worked slowly and carefully w'ith Roy with the result that he is now one of the country’s finest breast-strokers. His try for the {■ecord at fifty yards should be a real
treat.
Novelty Plus University Glee Club
Mythical Eidvens
As the football season sings its swan song, the nation’s sports writers open their annual purge on the college gridiron talent in their search for “All-American” teams. While Elmer Zilch tucks the leather under his arm and fills the headlines with his exploits for dear old Backwash, we wonder what goes on in the mind of the blocking back Whose name is mentioned only at the end of the game stoiy. * . ft is our opinion that several of the fine blocking backs who have received comparatively small amounts of publicity are every bit as worthy of. AlUAmerican rating as are the headline ball-carrier^ Such unsung stars as Ceithaml of Michigan, Vanderbilt’s Jack Jenkins, and Hoti Saban of Indiana are more valuable to their teams through their gene'ralship, blocking, and line-backing than any of the ball-carriers. But the newsmen don’t see i.t this way. Reeck Plans Mat Tourney Riveter wrestling coach, Claude Reeck, hit qn one of the best ideas of the year, when he announced plans for an All-Campus mat toumament. All wei4:ht divisions will be lepresented, and, to insure even matching, there will be three groups with the entrants classified as experienced, semi-experienced and novice. Sailor Net Stars It looks as if the joys experienced by college coaches when they heard that most of the fine basketball players from Great Lakes weie sentfinto active service will be shoi t lived. The array of net stars representing the sailors this season is even more formidable than last year’s. Fans will remember such names as Eddie Riska of Notre Dame, Davies of Soton Hall, iSprowl and Caiess of Purdue and Huffman of Tennessee, who all wei e college stars of the last two seasons. Incidentally Sprowl and Caress are not the only former Boilermaker starts now playing foi service teams. Last year’s captain, Don Blanken, plays guard ior the Camp Grant five.
INTRAMURALS
BUY WAR
O N D S
I DOUGLAS SHOES ^ $5.50 - $6.50 n/liblJE SHOE STORE '302 State St. West Lafayette
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
=1
BASKETBALL Thursday Evening, Dec. .8 Court 1—H. E. Pilarski: 7:00—Tiiangle vs. Tau Epsilon Phi 7:1!5—Phi Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Phi 8:10—Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Upsilon. 8'26—Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Court 2—R N. Foss: 7-OO—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 7:1.')—Phi Kappa Tau vs Sigma Pi. ■
8:10—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 8:25—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Chi. Court .8—Jean Whitlock: 7 -OO— Sigma Chi vs. Theta Tau. 7:15 Lambda Chi Ajpha vs, Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 8-10—Theta Xi vs. Theta Chi. 8'25—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Acacia. Court!—C.J Chiistensen: 7:00—Tau Kappa Ep.silon vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 7'15—Phi Delta Theta vs. Alpha Gamma Rho.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
t-
(MjoL CL moL SuAp/d&JLi
Food that will make your mouth water! It has that eKtra-special quality that everyone likes to see inexceh lentiy prepared dishes! ——
(BinrL hv Mul CHESTNUT ROOM
ffluJuduSL WsmiAmt lAniofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Riveter Fencers Battle Notre Dame Next Tuesday Here Varsity intercollegiate fencing competition will make its first appearance on the campus in three years next Tuesday evening when the Boilermaker fencers engage in a duel with the Notre Dame team in the fencing i-oom in the Fieldhouse. In the meet Tuesday, the team will attempt to celebrate its return to a varsity standing by defeating the Notre Dame team which last year won by the close score of 16-11. Duiing the past few years the fencing has been solely under the direction of the Silver Mask Club. It was the team representing this club that Notre Dame defeated last year, j Inexperienced Team Only two men with previous intercollegiate experience are back this season. They are Capt. Aaron Kaufman who feffees epee and Jack Wallbillich, a veteran with the saber. The team lost last year’s captain, Harry Burl, and Cecil Oakes, both foilmen, through graduation. The team to face Notre Dame will be selected from the following squad: Foil, Bryant, Larson, Rosen, Wood and DeHart; Epee, Kaufman, Schwenkei and Koerner; Saber, Huffman, Wallbillich and Thiele. This will be the la.st match for both Chuck Huffman and Warren Koeriier as these men will receive their diplomas in three weeks. Captain Finney, coach of the Riveter team, will officiate the Notre Dame match. Tentative Schedule The Big Ten schedule is now being diawn up and tentative meets aiC scheduled with Illinoi.s, Chicago, Northwestern, Ohio State and Wisconsin. Non-conference matches iiieludo Chanute Field and a retuni ni.ilch with Notre Dame. All home meets are held in the Fieldhouse and aio open to the public free of chaige. Ftosh Team Meets Varsity On Tuesday Tuesday evenin.g in the Fieldhoi|,se basketball followers will have then fiist opportunity to see both the fieshman and varsity teams in action. The freshman team has perfcimed well all season and is ex peeted to give the vaisity close competition all evening. The freshmen have been woiIcing daily foi the past month or so, and haved woiked into a smooth operating combination. Until the floor was elected in the Fieldhouse the fieshmen practiced wdth the vaisity under the watchful eye of Piggy Lambert. At the close of football season Dutch Fehring, legular freshman coach, took over the icins, and will continue to diiect the.se foicos throughout the season. Foi the first time, it is possible foi the fiofjiman team to engage in competition with other teams, hut it i'- uncertain whether such a plan can be woiked out because of the limitation.s placed on tian'ipor-
tation.
The team has a number of players who showed a gieat deal of piomise in high school and have continued to show up well 111 practice sessions. Included on the roster are foui foinier Jeff players of last season: Max Biggs, who w'lll be eligible foi vaisity competition in Pecember; Jack Vaughn, Bob'Agnew, and Bill Dyk-
huizen.
Under th? spon.sorship of Dick Papenguth, the sixth ainiual Aquacade, which is bigger and better than ever, will attract, capacity crowds into the swimming pool in the Fieldhotise this Friday and Saturday nights at 8 p. m., judging from the ad*vance ticket sales. Although tickets were still available yesterday, there was a possibility that there may be “sell-outs” for both nights. Tickets, all
seats reserved, are available at the ticket office at 50c each. Besides giving performances for the paying audiences Friday and Saturday evenings, the show will be also pi-esented for sailors in the Purdue unit on Sunday afternoon at 2:30 and this will be sponsored by the local USO
group.
Glee Club Furnishes Background
Basketball Schedule Revised For Western Conference Season For the second time this year the basketball schedule has undergone a revision. The last revision was
All forms of acts consisting of caused by changes in final exam-
skill, comedy, and novelty will make this show one of the most entertaining bits ever presented on this campus. Besides these much discussed acts, they will be ably supplemented
ination dates at a number of the
Big Ten institutions.
The newly revised Big Ten schedule, as announced by Director of Athletics Guy Mackey, calls for the
by the University Glee Club of some Boilermakers to play a two-game 76 voices. With the addition of a home series with Ohio State and celesta, a small type of piano, the .single games at home with Chicago, Glee Club will provide the musical Iowa, Wisconsin, and Indiana. On background for many swimming 'the road, the Riveters will play twonumbers along with several of their game series with Minnesota and
own arrangements. For the average student of swimming, the biggest event of the evenings will be Elroy Heidke, sopho-
Michigan, and single games with
Indiana and Northwestern. The Boilermakers will make three
appearances in the Chicago Sta-
more varsity member, who will at- dium during the season, meeting tempt to break the woild’s record DePaul there on Dec. 12, Northfor the 50-yard breast stroke. In western on Feb. 6, and Great Lakes addition to this coming champion, on Feb. 13. In order to make it posthere will be Patty Aspinall, holder sible for the Boilermakers to keep of the national women’s 200 yard the Feb. 13 return date with Great breast stroke championship, demon- Lakes, Michigan agreed to play the strating progressions in style of two-game series with the Boilerstroke and costumes. makers at Ann Arbor on Monday Several Ballets and Tuesday, Feb. 15-16, instead of Both the Triton Club and the Saturday-Monday sched-
Dolphin Club will give several dif-
ferent types of swimming dances The complete schedule, revised to along with the Glee Club accom- cut travel to a minimum, follows:
pamment. Another interesting feature will be a Labiador Retriever, owned by Dr H. N. Swezoy, that will attempt to rescue a live Mallard
duck from the pool,
tuie will be Di. H. N Swezey’s of Lafayette, Labrador Retrievei that will attempt to lescuo a live Mallaid
duck from the pool.
Another highlight of the evenings entertainment will be the diving specialties, which cieated such an upioar last year. This year there will be even moie with Louis Ware, Heim Baui and Walter Grubbe providing the amusement. Along the serious note these men will also demonstiate the fine aits of diving. Human Chain Will Be Formed One of the novelty stunts will consist of Susie Gastineau and Jane Aspinall, of Indianapolis. Anothei will see the Swimmandos, a group of
32 vai'sity and freshman swim- Jlere’s a tip for prospective solmers, demonstrating various saving diers who may be worrying about methods and forming a human' blistering their feet when they don budge across the pool. army issue shoes and begin loijg Comedy will run liot during the hikes. It comes jfrom Jack evening with some unpredictable stall who has^^en prescribing ibr stunt turning up every now and blister troubljein the Michigan Rtato then. Some of the comedy which is College athletic department tot on the schedule is a wagon race,on moie than a quarter of a century, the bottom of the pool, with one Mix up a tannic acid solution and person pulling another along the paint the feet every day. Your floor of the pool in a little red car. blister trouble will be reduced ninety Kids Amusements Sponsored percent. It really works, as many a Not to be outdone with only one Michigan StateCollege ath-
Dec. 10—Wabash, here. Dec. 12—At DePaul. Dec. 14—Butler, here.
Dec. 19—At Notre Dame. Dec. 21—Washington U., here.
Jan. 1—At Toledo.
Jan. 4—Great Lakes, here.
Jan. 9—Chicago, here. Jan. 16—At Minnesota. Jan. 18—At Minnesota.
Jan. 23—Ohio State, here. Jan. 25—Ohio State, here,
dan. 30—At Indiana.
Feb. 6—At Northwestern. Feb. 13—At Great Lakes.
Feb. 15—At Michigan. Feb. 16—At Michigan. , Feb. 20—Iowa, here.
Feb. 27—Wisconsin, here.
Mai. 1—Indiana, here.
Sports Shorts
comedy lace, Dick Papenguth will also present a I’oller skate race with the participants rolling along the bottom of the pool in water over their head at a terrific clip. A i)ieview of the coming swimming season will be shown when the vaisity meets the freshmen in a medley iclay laee. Each team will consist of the outstanding stais on each team, showing just about what
lete who now is soldering has told
Jack by word and letter.
the Riveters will have in the coming
season.
The program will be opened with a vocal rendition of “The StarSpangled Banner” by the Men’s Glef Club. The close will have finale consisting of the Glee Club, the Dolphin and Ti iton Clubs.
^ Southworth’s
Baltimore Clothes Shop
414 MAIN STREET
PHONE 2873
SjuJul-J'JUul Stdj^ £aiL! Rhumba comb fixed with flowers and what-not — Enchanting in that flu-away hair .... 50c and $1.00 the GIFT SHOP at
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IKO
Southworth’sV,
vV'«
I^MriJue Exponent
Thursdcy^ BEkemher J, 194$,
fmonnel Notes GaHo«nr to Address
Sigma Xi Tbnight On Petroleum Future
Colta|^iiplia^i(i yilii «suiipus;
Ingetsoll.Rand Co., N. Y.—DeceQibor 7 and 8. Interested in De-
ceipber and engineers.
|||i^tdl;ion Laboratory,' M. I. T., Candiridge, Mass. — December 18. Interested in Physicists and EE.
Sign in Personnel Office.
Dow Otemical Co., Midland,
Michigan—December 9.
Ahino key Coeds To Hear New p/4 l^ptes
(Continped from page 1)
Hoppers Company. Baltimore, -Maryland—Inteicsted in December and -4.pril AeioE. Sien in Peibonnel Office. Sperry Pioducts, Inc., Hoboken, New Jersey—Interested in EE, ME with railroad option. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, December 6. The Rex Co., Burlington, Iowa— Interested in chemists, bacteiiologists. Sign in Pei'sonnel Office by Saturday, December 5. War Dept., The Engineer Board, For Belvoir, Virginia—Interested in April and December Science or Engineering graduates. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, December 5. Lear Avia, Inc., Piqua, Ohio—Interested in December and April ME, AE, CE, EE. If interested, sign in the Personnel Office by Wednesday, December 9. Bausch & Lomb Optical Co., Rochester, New' York—Interested in December and April ME, chemistry or physicists. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, December 9. Chevrolet-Motoi* and Axle (Div. of CMC), Buffalo^ New York—Interested in December and April Met. E. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, Dec. 12.
Dr. J. J. Ghlloway, professor of geology and palentology at Indiana University, will speak at 7:30 tonight on the subject of “The Story of Petroleum” under the auspices of the Univei.sity chapter of Sigma Xi liaternity. The lecture will be delivered in the lecture loom of Stanley Coulter Hall, and is open to the public. Dr. Galloway will discuss the rinding of peti oleum and the future of the petroleum industiy. Charts and specimens will be used to illustiate his talk. The speaker will bung to his audience the experience gained from nearly thirty years in the teaching profession and as consultant for major oil companies. Dr. Gallow'ay taught in Columbia University for 18 years, but has been on the Indiana University staff since 1931.
Fraternity Treasurers To Send List For Debris
All fraternity treasui’ei’s are asked to submit to the Debris office before 4:30 Friday afternoon an alphabetical list of the members in their respective houses who have paid in full for their copies of the Debris. This action is necessary so
that the business staff may dis-
tribute the copies more easily.
Placement Notes For Women
Robertson To Deliver
Signal Corps General Development Laboratory, Installation Division, Detroit, Mich.—Have positions for women graduating in December or in April. Work includes positions for inspectors, field representatives, ’aboratory experimental and development workers, liaison lepresentatives, experimental radio interference suppression assistants. Senior women interested in making application should call at the Placement Service for Women, Executive Building (2955) for further information. If a sufficient number of applications are received, a per•^onnel representative will visit the campus for interviews. RCA will be on campus Thursday, December 3, to interview senior 'V'omen—December and April—who b<> ve had training in accounting, staiistics and engineering. Call Placement Service for Women (2955) imII ediately for appointment. Will inlerview for woik in Indianapolis. United States Civil Service Commission at Washington, D. C., announces openings for junior cheinmts at $2,000 a yeai, and chemical aide at $1,800 a yeai to fill wai demands for technically tiained per-
Lecture On 'Thinking'
Dr, C. H. Robertson will deliver a lecture this evening in room 363 of the Union as one of a series of talks on “The Techniques of Studying and Thinking.” This is the third meeting of the series which was designed orginially for freshmen, but which has been opened to all associated with the University. This meeting will deal particularly with creative thinking.
sary to realize that goal. The stamps are now on sale at the Union, the Cashier’s Office, apd'the Cary Hall post office. They will also be on sale at the door of the Music Hall before the convocation. Coeds To Buy Stamps Editorials and articles have appeared in this paper asking that the coeds purchase their own war stamps. Purchases by the gii Is will aid in achieving this goal, since stamps are required both foi the convocation and the mixer. It may be difficult for the eds to buy stamps for both events, and by their purchases, the coeds can avoid putting too great a strain on the eds’ pocket-
books.
King Sisters Featured The leading attraction of the band will be the King Sisters. They are well known for their popular recoiding of “Idaho” and the manner in which they introduced “Nighty Night”. They, and the singing guitar, have been the most important factors in putting the band among the nation’s top-notchers. Wherevei the band has appeared, to quote Downbeat, “the number of terpsicoreaiis appearing to dance to his music have doubled the number of persons who listened to his music at the place of his previous engagement”. His peiformance at Cedai Point bioke all records for attend-
ance.
Married To One Of Sisters One of the more interesting items that concerns the band is the wedded bliss that Alvino Rey enjoys with one of the King Sisters. It is interesting because no one knows which of the foui is his wife. The secret IS known only to the members of the band and the King Sisters and they have kept it well. Because of the nature of this event, all men in uniform ai e invited to attend the convocation. Convo Begins At 7 The convocation begins at 7 p. m. and will last until 8. The war stamps which will be on sale for this and the mixer are special stiamps which will sell for fifty cents. The mixer will begin at 8:30 and last until 11:30 and will require the regular $1.10 ticket, plus the fifty cent war
stamp.
Textile Possibilities
Ward Party
Miss Julia Coburn of the TobeCobfirn School for Fashion Careers in New York City will be on the campus today to interview coeds concerning present possibilities in the textile and fashion fields. At 4 this afternoon in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union, she will speak to a general meeting of all women students on “Women in the PostWar World.”
Coeds desiring interviews with Miss Cobuin may obtain an appointment for this afternoon by calling the Wopicn’s Placement Service office m the Executive building. Inteiviews will be held from 1:15 to 3:30 p. m.
Competition for one of the five Fashion Fellowships awarded by Tobe-Coburn School is open to all senior women. Although the final paper for the award is not due until March 20, the registration blank and the first paper must be mailed to the school no later than Dec. 5.
Wards C and D will combine their efforts in presenting a party for all PIA mentbei’s and their friends next Saturday. The party will start right after'the Convo and will be held in loom 363 of the U,nion Building. Since the two wards are acting together, this party promises to be the biggest party of the series. Refreshments will be served, and many surprises are in store for those who attend. Bowling Tournament Since no games were played last Thursday, there is no change in the standings of the teams. The games will be resumed today and a schedule of all games played and the results will be posted in the alleys. Winter Dance The date for the annual Winter Dance has been set for December 18. The band which will play for the dance will be announced in the near future.
Notices
Chinese Students: Last meeting: of thM setnester will be held on Friday. Deccji)beh '1, at t p. m. in room 804 of the Union. New officers will be eleetod at the meeting. , . —tl.^0.
Navy V-7: d uniors and seniors who are assembling papers supporting thejr request tor enlistinent m V-7 who are under 21 years of age must submit three copies of parents consent properly notarized. Copies of this form (Navy 400) may be obtained at my office. - -KNAPP
PIA Uoard: There wilUue a special meeting of PIA board members in the office .gt 7:30 p. ra. Thursday evening. All bonud mombeis be there and be prompt. -t-SLEEPEK' \
Camera Club: Important meeting Thursday, Dec 3. Election of officers. Boom 804 at 7:30 p. m. —TRUEBLOOD
Dolphin Club: Meeting will be held at 4 p. m. Friday. Doe. 4, in the meeting room Of the Fieldhouse. Everybody please come, be prompt. ---KEECK
All Students: Student tutors are now available for many subjects Rates are GO cents per hour Apply at Senate Office, Union from 4 to 6 :30 p m. - BREWER
Debris Workers: Petitions for Junior jobs must be turned in to Ball or Minion by Tuesday, Dec. 9. Sample copies of formal petition are in the workshop or the business office —THEODOSE
Camera Club Exhibit: All persons who cnteied prints ih the fall exhibit may receive same by calling for then? at the West Desk of the Union Piize winners will be notified by letter —TRUEBLOOD
Kappa Psi: Meeting Thursday. Doc, 8, ip room 303 of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. -SANDLEBEN
All Male Students: If you desire to enlist in the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps, you must place your application now and follow it up at once. No student now in school may be enlisted aftei Dec 31, processing of applicants requires appioximatelv two weeks to complete necessaiy physical examinations and allied papers. Limited cleiical help will make it impossible to enlist applicants who wait until the last minute to apply All applications should be made in Room B4, Basement of Purdue Armory. —GRAHAM
gouaves: Active and inactive Zouaves Who wish to attend the banquet Tuesday, Dec. 8, at G p. m. in room 363 of the Union, ihoiild sign list on" Advanced Corps bulletin board, second floor of the Armory, before Saturday noon Current semester dues, 60 cents, must bo paid to Charles Albritton, Ist Sergeant, before the banquet in order to attend. Formal initiation and election of officers will be at 6 :15 p m , room 366 of the Union. Tuesday, Dec. 8. —JACKSON
Freshman Campers and Others Interested: Meeting with Dr. C. H. Robertson in room 363 of the Union from 7 to S p. m., Thursday Dec. 3, on the Techniques of Studyiijg and Thinking —GRARIO
GE To Offer Course In X-Ray Technique
Student usher and police for football Karnes Ket their money at ticket oifice in PiLldhouse altci 1pm Wednesday —SANDERS
Silver Mask Pledges: Initiation will bo hold Thiusdav, Dec. 10, at 7:80 p. m. M^et in th( fiont rom of the FicJdhouso. - ROSEN
Hundel Sbws Slides
Jo Industrial Society
Marvin E. Mundel, Assistant Piofessor of Industrial Engineering, addi'GS.sed the Michigan-Indiana Industiial Management Society concerning Integiated Motion and Time Study Techniques at South Bend last Tuesday. Using colored slides and movies developed at the University, he explained how the full use of Motion and Time Study can inciease factory capacity, .step up production, cut working fatigue, prevent manpovvei shortage, and make it possible to use other labor groups in actual factoiy woik.
Dean Glenn L. Jenkins of the School of Pharmacy announced Monday that a special five-day intensive course in Operative X-ray Technic will be given on the campus during the week of December 7 to 11. The Geneial Electric X-ray Coiporation of Chicago is offering the course and is sending Mr. J. F. Roderick of the Technical Service Depaitment to take charge of the
woik.
Technicians of Indiana and others who are qualified will be allowed to take this inactive training. The purpose of the training is to present
ERG Applicants: All students who have applied for enlistment in the ERG and have not yet been enlisted, leport to Room R4 in the bapement of the Armory before noon Saturday to make arranKcments for definite date ol enlistment —GRAHAM
SCA Board: Probable last meeting of the year on Tuesday. Dec 8. All unfinished business will be taken up. - ANTONACCIO
Fraternity Presidents: There will be a dinnei meeting at the Beta house Thursday, Die 3, at b p m Elections will be held. -RIDER
Lutheran Students: Everyone Is invited to oui social meeting at the home of Rev Stoildorf, 626 Noith 9th St., at 7:30 p. m , Sunday, Dec 6 —WALLACE
Students: Wishing to work foi the Registiai during the Wintei Teim iegistration, January 4 and 5, are requested to make application at the Registrar’s oOice Those wiih pievious expcuenco at registiation or in othci clcncil jobs art given preference. STONE
Newman Club; The Newman Club breaklast will bo held in the St. Mary’s gymnasium uftei the 9 :80 mass, Sunday, Dec. 6 There will be an important meeting. Elections will be held. —BROWNE
Sportswomen: Meeting will be at 4 p. m. m the Women’s gymnasium Thursday, Deeembei 3 JOHNSON
Zoua-ves: Rough initiation will be held Fndav, DicemlKi I, at 7pm in the Armoiy —JACKSON
Cosmopolitan Club: Election of next fccmester’b officeis will ho on Friday, Dec. 4, in room 304 ol the Union at 4:15 p. m Important that all members be present. TANIGAWA
Pi Tau Sigma Actives and Pledges: Infoi mal initiation Thui'^day, December 8, a 7 30 p m m room 108 of the ME Bmldinr Aeljve*, j>Jease attend DEISER
Purdue Model Railroad Club: There will be a meeting in the Union siib-basemeht at 1 p m Satuiclay, Dec 5. —HASSE
to the technician nieth^fi by which
I'oni uno
Pi'ofessoi Mundel further suggested the use of Motion and Time Study to aid crippled veteians in adapting themselves to peace-time jobs after the war. His technique and workbook are used in the instruction of war training classes for men and women in industry througliout the state. ^
Dr. Robertson’s talks cover vari-
ous topics including such problems ^ . as mastering subject matter, organ- OfYilCtOn Nu
izing material, and avoiding worry. At the last meeting the information was presented on making best use of the qualities which we possess. The meeting will begin at 7:00 p. m.
and will last until 8.
Seniors in Ag School
. . . announces the following pledges: Barbara Nord, Sally Beall, Jean Lauer, Nancy Young, Prances Mellon, Dana May Johnson, and
Marian Seiglei.
. . . will be guests of th» Indiana Farm Biueau at a banquet to be held the evening of Decembei 14, in-the Union. Invitations to the events are to be sent to vaiious members of the faculty who will also be guests at the affan
he can get results from tbo equipment at his disposal. Then he can be of greatest seivice to the diagnosing physician. No instruction will be given m X-i ay diagnosis oi therapy. An opportunity to evaluate new developments in tubes, films, screens, dark loom supplies, and vaiious other accessory devices designed to facilitate and improve the quality of radiographic woik will be
given in the course.
Two classes will be held each day, 2 to 6 p. m and 7 to 9:30 p. m. Further information may be obtained at the main office in the
School of Pharmacy.
Pi Tan Sisma Pledges: Final pIciIbc mwtinii Thiusdav DccnmlK i 3, at 7 SO a m cil tile ME liuildiiiK DKLSER
Gilder Club: Meilinq Thursday nipht, Deconibir .1, at 7 .iO in luom 302 ol tim Unuin ' -BALL
Classified
Chccrleadcra Praitiec in the FieUllioiHe evciy nrtiincion this ivutk. Be theie. BCIIWAB
Ads
Notice. All first ol second aenu'st' r frcbhmi 11 who have had hijih school yi II cxiierii ru e .iiui who would hie to btcome Piudue ydl U ulus, report at I p m to the Fuldliousi any atteinoon this week -SCHWAB
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, eons, luRgago, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia.
Aerontodeleis: Meeting Thuisday night, December 3, at 7: iO in loom SU of the Union Please attend if possible —BROWN
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 006 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Lost—Alpha Xi Delta pin. Phone Dorothy Nicol, 4063. Re-ward.
United Brethren Students; Meeting Full iv Die I, at 7 ji m. in loom .iOd if ,lie Union CARMICHAEL
For Sale—Atom, Ohlson, Phantom mode) ail plane engine's Call 3301. Nussmeier.
W. M. Kiplingei, noted Washington observer, is a graduate of Ohio State Univeisitjk
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Wanted—Students to work part timD Apply Union Cafeteria ' Lost on November 24—Key chain with six kt'js, between Union and Civil Bldg. Call 35704 Rtwaid
Lost—Brown billfold. Name engraved inside Reward, Barbara Hoide. Phone 747 U
Lost—Guon Parker pen with name Mni> \in Bornaid on it. Reward. Call 66774.
sons. Students must he seniors whose courses have included at least thirty (30) semester hours of chemisti y for the position of junior chemist. For chemical aide students must have completed at least 24 houis of (hemivtry. Fui ther in foi mntion can be obtained at the office of Placeineac Seivice for Women (2055).
BITS THE HIAiK FOR 20 IILLIOli READERS
V stands for “Victoray” Rayon Stockings the First and the Best
WHICH would you vote “most likely to succeed?”
$1.00 to $1.25
Kayser has been making rayon hose for years in Canada, England and Australia.
So Kayser Victoray stockings are the first and the best. They have been given the time tried consumer wearing tests and are praised by all who wear them. Give them the care precious things deserve. They will give you lots of satisfactory wear.
"The Aircraft Warning System gives a single plane on ground alert the equivalent striking power of 16 planes on air patrol.” This startling statement comes from England. Our country’s Aircraft Warning Service — quite similar to England’s —keeps a constant check on the fliglit of all aircraft. Should the need arise, it is prepared to send fighter planes aloft, to mohiliife and direct ground defense forces, to warn endangered areas. E\ery step in its operation reejuires the fast, accurate communication of the telephone, i This is just one of the many wartime jobs that are keeping teleplione lines busier than ever before. To help us keep lines clear for vital military and industrial calls, please avoid using Long Distance to war activity centers unless the call is urgent. And please keep all your telephone calls as lirief as you can. Thank you.
cLcoi
By Drew Pearson
MERRY-QO'ROUND
Twenty million people read what Drew Pearson reveals in his column of special report, interpretation and comment upon national and international afFairs and the men who mold them.
Because those twenty million find in the column alert, exclusive news-getting, crisp and to-the-point news-writing, disclosures of beneath-the-surface motives and movements—able and unswayed thinking. You'll find The Washington Merry-Go-Round i
THE PUflDlJE EXPDIVEJVT