{ X h
{ X h
Hockema Welcomes Freshmen Entering University Campus Life The Board of Trustees, the President, the Faculty, and the Student Body extend heartiest welcome to each of you in your becoming an integral part of Purdue University. “Youth sees too far to see how near it is to seeing farther.” The great shortage of manpower and womanpower in these critical fields in which university training is so necessary should be an inspiring challenge to demonstrate your ability to adapt yourselves readily and effectively to changing conditions. The results of this global war will doubtless give you new ideas, new points of view, new hopes which when sorted out and classified, will likely make a permanent change in your scale of values. Your University training will be most helpful in maintaining your equilibrium and stability. It will not be too difficult for you to keep your thoughts clear and your chin up if you are constantly at peace with God, yourself, your instructors, and your fellow students. May clear-headedness, health, happiness, a sense of humor, and a sense of determined double duty, both to yourself and to this great Nation of ours, in war and in the peace to follow, be included in your worthwhile rewards for this term and thereafter. FRANK C. HOCKEMA, Assistant to the President.
RCA To Enroll 80 Girls In Radio Engineering According to Prof. C. W. Beese, director of war training at the University, eighty girls who have been employed by the Radio Corporation of America, Victor division, Camden, N. J., will enroll here in a special course in radio engineering start-
ing May 3.
Six coeds from the University will take this training course: ■ Mary Wagner, Indian-tpolis; Harriet Campbell, CrawfordsPIUSICQI UlCliipS ville; Sara Shively, Jonesboro; T II I I II Mary Jordan, Lafayette; Ann To Hold ColiOOf Muller'and Jacqueline Robbins, West Lafayette. About a third At 7 70 selected for this work lUfifOni iW I ijill are from RCA plants, the rest were ^ chosen fiom schools throughout the A general music meeting will be country. They range from 18 to held for all those interested in 24 years of age and all the girls choral and orchestral music in the have had at least one year of colsummer term at the Hall of Music lege.
tonight at 7:30. Entrance will be by the Musical Organizations’ door,
44 Weeks Of Training
After completing 44 weeks of in-
which is on the southwest corner of tensive study, the young women will
the building. Those who anticipate membership in these activities
should attend this meeting.
go to RCA plants as engineering aides to quality control and design engineers. These jobs consist of
Most of the managerial positions planning, designing and testing’ ra-
are still open and appointments will equipment.
be made after the opening of the
, At the Univer.sity the trainees
new term.
According to an announced plan study engineering mathematthe Glee Club, Choir, and the Or- ics, drawing, shop practices, radio chestra will continue during the manufacturing procedures, propersummer term and rehearsals will ties of metals, electionics and radio
be held at 4 p. m. The specific days for each organization will be an-
nounced Thursday night.
Both Albert P. Stewart and Joseph M. Ragains will be on the staff to continue the musical activities.
circuits. In addition to regular class work in mathematics and ladio theory, they will receive practical experience in the use of hand tools and machinery used in radio manufac-
ture.
Arrive Here May I Ariivmg on the campus May 1, the girls will live in the Women’s
Major Edward Elliott- . . . son of President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott, has recently been promoted from the rank of captain in
the U. S. Army Air Corps, accord- ^^esidence Halls and Miss Frances ing to word received by his parents. Tallmadge of the RCA Victor diviHe has been on duty in England for sion at Camden, foimerly associate sevei’al weeks. Major Elliott, for- dean of students at Antioch college, mer basketball star at the Univer- „ i t j ■ mu . . , will act as lesident advisor. They
sity and 1936 graduate, was a re-
serve officer in the At my and was registered as special stucalled to active duty moie than two dents, while all expenses plus $10 a years ago. week.salai y will be paid by RCA.
Ct/jdamjL J'/uL&hnmL
Established 1889
xfMieM * Here We Go Aerain
Volume 56, No. 1
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, April 2^,
ERCs Told To Resume Studies
Some May Stay For Entire Semester Due To Crowded Induction Centers; ERC's May Register Late Without Fee
Students^ 2500 Of Them^ Loaf Through Registration/ Ratio Increases To 3,8 To I
To Freshmen
To the'incoming class of freshmen the Exponent staff wishes to extend its heartiest welcome. Your 250 individuals do not make up a very big class as Purdue classes usually go, but you are important nevertheless. President Elliott has often said that the freshman class is the most important class in the University. It was in the founding years of the University; it was during the last war; it was during the depression, and' it still is. The one thing we’d like to put across to you, though, is that ,although your hazy idea of the future might be the cause of your registering with contempt for the future, you have no reason to bewail your fate. During the founding years the assorted group^ of entering freshmen faced a difficult four years, for a college education was not as easy to acquire then as it is for you now, and those first freshmen looked forward to graduating, if they did last the four years, into a world not particularly anxious to receive college graduates. During the last war college men were being removed from the University much the same as now, and the freshmen that wrote their names on registration blanks in University Hall faced a future in which they might be removed at any time. College students during the depression saw the very dark future of graduating into a society which wasn’t hiring workers, but was laying them off. Graduates looked forward to jobs as filling station attendants. So you see, yours is not such a very unique group. Your future is uncertain, but so has been the future of many other classes. It might be well to point out one very important item to you in order to make your rather uncertain future more successful: Government reports on the status of students in the ERC consisted, last semester, of repeated reversals of directives. This semester, as last, all reports will be published promptly in the Exponent as they are received. No one should immediately accept a report as he reads it a's the probable course the services will follow. The reports should be read with the thought that the report indicates what the services at the moment think that they will do in the future. It would be unpatriotic on our part to advise the students to accept the stories verbatim as they are published. Although the War Department says the ultimate aim of all able bodied young men from now on is the armed forces, don’t look forward to an immediate entry into the armed forces. Too many did that last semester. Some students were called. Many more thought that they would be called also, started cutting classes, got very far behind, and were not called. Many of them are back this semester registering for the same classes they flunked last semester after they got the “draft jitters”. The important item we mentioned is “It doesn’t pay to give up trying to study here at the University until you’ve received your orders.”—r.w.b.
By Pete Georgeson “Registration ?—It’s a mess, but easier than the last two.” This seems to be the general opinion of the “Old Timers” who registered for the summer term. There wasn’t the mad rush of previous registration due to the small number of students registering for the sum-
mer term.
Preliminary figures showed 2,456 registrants through yesterday, of which only 507 were women students. Male enrollment fell off 1724 as compared with last year at this time, while two less coeds registered as compared with last sum-
mer.
Ratio Changed
Still, a preliminary ratio of eds to coeds is 3.85 to 1 which is lower than last semester. This isn’t quite as had as it might seem for there are 80 young women to be trained as engineering aides for RCA arriving on the campus Saturday in addition to the 100 cadettes already* here. The freshmen were seen struggling to get MT 1 in their schedules without getting a conflict or a class that wasn’t closed. Even some of the upperclassmen registering the second day had trouble with the\ little red cards covering up classes
they wished to take. Sections Reopened?'
G. 0. Arbuckle, Cary Hall Director, Gets Navy Post G. 0. Arbuckle, director of Cary
Halls for the past eight years, has been commissioned as a Lieutenant in the Navy, and left here Tuesday morning to report for indoctrination at Fort Schuyler, Bronx, New
York City.
His position will be held jointly by Mrs. D. H. ClaVk, who will continue to adminisjrate her former position of foods manager and housekeeper, and 'Y. L. Overman, who will handle the financial affairs connected with the' halls. Overman was formerly maintenance supervisor
for the residence halls.
Counseling will still be under the charge of Dr. Laurence Hadley of the mathematics department, who lives in Cary Hall, and the number of counselors under him will be
apportioned as before. Open For Duration
According to Overman, Franklin Levering Cary Halls will be open for the present semester at least and hope is held to keep them open
Some heavy arguments went on for the duration for a limited numbetween faculty advisers and stu- ber of students. ,
dents who wished sections reopened on the grounds that they needed the afternoons free or that they couldn’t take a certain class any other time. Needless to say, students rarely won the arguments. At' the do^or were the usual amount of vultures waiting to pounce on the unsuspecting freshmen impressing on him that it was almost a part of registration to buy Exponent, Debris and join the PIA before he was rushed away to get his MT uniform, etc. Reserve Back
All members of the ERC who have not received their call to active duty have been advised by Prof. F. C. Hockema to return to school on the basis of information received by him from the Fifth Service Command. The Fifth Service Coihmand pointed out to Prof. Hockema that because of the large volume of processing that must be carried on in the Indianapolis area, it would be advisable for the
ERC men to return to their classes inasmuch as they may not be called for several weeks. It may even be possible for some of those enrolled in the ERC to remain in the University for the complete semester, and all eighth term seniors who complete eight weeks of their final term will be eligible for graduation. Other students who complete eight weeks of work before they are called will be eligible for grades of incomplete.
Some Called
At the present time a certain number of students enlisted in the ERC have received orders calling them to active duty, but according to Prof. Hockema, the total number receiving papers is not known.
/
Students in the ERC may register late without paying the customary late registration fee of five dollars by making a special application to the President’s office. Pees Refunded All fees will be refunded to those men who are called to active duty by the ERC with thje exception of five dollars for each week or portion thereof that the student is allowed to remain in school up to and including the eighth week. After the eighth week no refunds will be made but students called between the end of the eighth week and the end of the term will be eligible for a grade of incomplete. Both in-state and out-of-state students are subject to the same regulations in regard to the refunding of fees.
Occupancy is limited to approximately 250 at present. Overman stated, and social activities of the club will continue to a limited extent although no definite plans have been drawn up by the Super-council. G. 0. Arbuckle, retiring director, joined the University staff as an accountant in February, 1933, and was appointed director of Cary Hall
in 1935.
During the indoctrination period Mrs. Arbuckle and their young son, Stephen, will make their home with her parents in Indianapolis.
Wesley Foundation ... located across from the Union will hold a Springtime party tomorrow evening at 8 to which all students are invited. Entertainment will be in the form of folk and ballroom dancing.
I Activities Offer Frosh Chance To Become BMOC, Fill Spare Time
Frank Buck, Halifax Will Appear At First Summer Convocations
There will be five convos on this summei’s convocation program, varying from motion pictures and lecture by the famous big game hunter, Ik’ank Buck, to the novel piano playing of Henry Scott, and the .singing of Rose Bampton, Metropolitan Opera Association soprano. In addition to the five regular convocations there has already been scheduled one special convocation at 2 p. m. on Tuesday, May 11, when Lord Halifax, British Ambassador to the United States, will give an addioss. The summer convocation schedule to date consists of; May 7—-Frank Buck. May 11—Loi;d Halifax. June 12—Salzedo Ensemble. June 25-rJames Melton. July 10-J-Heniy Scott (tentative) Frank Buck of “Bring ’em back alive” fame will give two lectines on May 7, one at 3:30 p. m. pi imarily for public school children, and one in the evening at the usual time of 7:30. Buck’s lectures will consist of slories covfeiing some twenty-five years of adventuring and collecting wild animals in the far corners of the globe.
At the special convocation on May 11, His Excellency the Right Honourable Viscount Halifax, K. G. G. C. S. I.—-British Ambassador to the United States—better known as Lord Halifax, will talk. He IS expected to attract an audience of 6000 students, sailois, soldiers ,faculty membeis, and townspeople. Loid Halifax will be accompanied by Colonel the Honourable Angus McDonnell, C. M. G., and W. H. Gallieniie, C: B. E., British Consul General in Chicago. The party will spend approximately foui and a half houis on the campus dining which time they will be enterlained at a special luncheon beloie the convo and will be conducted on a tom of the vaiious scientific agricultural and engineering laboratoi ies, the housing lesearch campus, farms, airport and the Army and Navy training activities. The second 1 egular convocation of the summer term will' feature Rose Bampton, a lead soprano of the Metropolitan Opera Association. Miss Bampton, who will appear on May 14, is rated as one of the most attractive women in opera, and has made many appearances on the ra-
dio as well as on the opeia and conceit stages. Unusual Concert On June 12 the Salzedo Ensemble will present one of its unusual diversified concerts. The ensemble featuies four Virtuosi including Carlos and Marjoiie Call Salzedo, harpists; Janos Scholz, cellist, and Rene LeRoy, flutist. James Melton, internationally known tenor of stage, screen and ladio, will appear on June 26. The final convo, still only tentatively scheduled, will feature Henry Scott, pianist-humorist, on July 10. Scott combines swing with standard concert piano selections and presents what critics h^ve hailed as a decidedly dift'eient type of fun pro-
gram.
For single convocations the usual puce of $1.10 per concert and 56c per lecture will prevail during the summer; while season tickets for the geneial public are available at $2.75 each, including tax, at the Cashier’s Office in the Executive Building, and at the office of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commeice office in the Wallace Building.
WAA Announces Summer Callout, Tuesday At 4 WAA will open the summer season of activity for all new freshman girls and old members with a WAA callout, Tuesday, May 4, at 4 p. m. in the women’s gym. All girls interested in participating in summer sports aie encouraged to attend. The different sports will be set up in club form aioiind the gym, nfaking it easy for the girls to sign up for as many sports as they are interested in. A few of the sports to be offered this summer are golf, swimming, archery, ba^b^l, bicycling, cabin and tennis, wirls will be able to eain points t^ard numeials and large “P” mon^rams by participation. \ At this meeting the summer coordinator of WAA, Libby Baughman, will explain the purpose of the club, the opportunities offered and the goals achieved. Com. B. C. Phillips . . . civil engineering graduate of 1917, has been promoted to this rank in the U. S. Navy according to word received here. He was a construction engineer in Ohio when he was first commissioned in the Navy. He is on duty in the South
Pacific.
By Ruth Ford How to become a l^MOC (Big Man on Campus) may be summed up in one easy lesson. Prove yourself in an activity. There are a variety of activities on campus, so many that no one need say that there is none to interest them. Many activities have their offices in the Union. Activities Bureau is in charge of qualifications for participation in other activities. Workers Intel view freshmen and find the activities which interest them. They file student’s grades and set ^ up scholastic standards which students must fulfill to join any activity. .4WS For Women AWS is an activity which may interest freshman women. AWS is the governing body of the w’omen on campus. Work consists of surveys, office work, sponsoring of lectures and tea dances, and other work. WBAA, campus radio station, offers an opportunity for students to familiarize themselves with the activities connected with bioadcasting, including script writing, announcing, progi’am participation and others. Another Union located activity and one which was created to popularize the recreational facilities of the Union is the Student Union. Union workers paint backdrops, sell defense stamps, and tickets, and do general office work. Student Senate is the representa-
tive student govei’ning body. Workers help with campus elections, serve on Senate committees, help edit the freshman handbook, and run a lost and found service. Student Publications Students having a desire to write news, sell advertisements, distribute newspapers, or do any of the many jobs necessary in making a newspaper would be interested in working for the Exponent, the campus newspaper. Those students interested in the make up of an annual w'lll want to work on the Debris. Photography, advertising, selling, and copy writing are some of the jobs available for Debris workers. Students majoring in engineering or pharmacy may gam editorial and business experience by working for the Pharmacist or Engineer, technical publications of these fields. Independent students will be interested in-joimng and working for the Independent Association. Members conduct tournaments in bowling, schedule dance classes, sell memberships and do office work. Drama And Musical Organizations Those aspiring to drama or debate have an outlet for their talent in Playshop, Radio Guild, and Forensic Board. Playshop presents plays; Radio Guild presents a play a week over WBAA; and the Forensic Board arranges debates with other Big Ten schools. The University Choir, Concert
Choir and Glee Club are offered for students who have unusually good voices and who like to sing. Musicians may try out for places in the Military Band or the University Orchestra. WAA And Agricultural Clubs Women who are athletically inclined may become members of the Women’s Athletic Association, which promotes and supervises all women’s sports. Special interest groups have formed clubs suc^ as Triton Swimming Club and Modern Dance Club. Several clubs are sponsored by the School of Agriculture for the agriculture students. They incl^ude Forestry, Agricultural Chemistry, Horticulture, and Dairy Clubs snd the Thomas Say Entomological Society. All students may join the Agricultural Education Society. Virginia C. Meredith Club Women in Home Economics will be interested in Virginia C. Meredith Club for home economic students. Monthly meetings are b»ld pertaining particularly to home economic activities. Chinese students have organised into a club called the Chinese Students’ Club. A Cosmopolitan Club has been formed for students from all lands as well as for those interested in other countries. Recreational clubs wherf! students can pursue their outs|4f interests are the Radio Club, Flying^ Club, and the Glider Club..X.
Purdue Exponent
N.
Thursday, April 29, 1942
J
f
War Spirit Can't Keep Good Traditions Down
Bj Pen Steffes
With the ciinnns on i \ai tunc basi*? and 'itu h 11 i ^ nioi c sei i ous ininded than c il Ihineisitv traditioiih aic hiblc lo sufTci oi be entnelv foijjottcn But to the in
coming fieshman, college life is i i ^ Ai* '^till a new expeiicncc so it bo Uf^l'V f^rlKGt hooves him to get acquainted a ith ' '
the campus’ collection of tiaditioiis
Mahn To Play For Freshman
Purdue Exponent 1 nlc»c(1 JIM second clfass jnatloi nt the pobt ofTite in I afaycUt Indn^^^ under the i(t of C nf?)CbS ol March 3 1870 anfl at the Mptti'il latc of postaRO provided foi in ««.ect}i n 110^ act of Octobci 1 1)17 author 17 d Innimiv 20 1022 Published on Tues li> Ihui day and Saturday tnoininp’s dur inir the year I") livticd laially by carrier foi ■^1 2> for i scmtbtcr oi by mail f6r $1 CO for n ficmcstci R pustntt-d for national ndvciUsinR by N ition il Advertisinj, Scrvic< Inc Collbgo Publisht 1 Represent Uives 420 Mndi^on Ave New York N Y
Snuerman 5754
^ Students to set nine Bowling Alloys^ aftennopn on Inquire Bowlini; Alleys* Meniorl&l Uriion Bla& Call 4005
Jim Bowen Room 430 CHS
-BOWEN back this semester
SEoboN
Apii! 30 at 4 p m in the. AWS office —LODBERO
Student Senate There wi ’ be a Senioi Board meeting Monday May 3 at 4 p m in the Senate Office —THOMAS
Notices
Bx Cary Club Mem IVljo have lived in Cary Hall for four or mprp s,omcst6iB» dnd are not organi/edt may make application foi Associate Membership lit Gary Club in
Student Senate There w'li he a mectinp: of the new Student Senate Wednes(la\ May 5 at 7 30 m the Senate Office
- THOMAS
Tau Beta Pi. Important businesa meet inR Tuesday May 4i in Room 263 of the Union at iT-JB Committees for hnnciuet be sure to be present Must pet on the ball Must find out how many actives aic
Secretaries of Honorarics and Organizations Please bring yout copy for your page in the Debris to the Debris Woikshop imme diaicly If you have not been contacted about your copy please thll at the Debris office at once —RENFSCH
Union Juniors and Sepohmores Please report lo rooms 230 and 2B7 to woik on the Student Book Exchange fiom 10 a m lo 5 p m« cvciy week day until Mayi 1^ —GEE AWS Judicial Board Mpeting on Friday
All Students Crew call-outs for Rlayshop s next production Claudia" Will be held in Fowler Hall on Tuesday. May 4 at 4 p m Anyone inteiested ill working on painting propS effects lighting, ihUKeup, costume OI carpentry crews b^ a.U?hjto sign up ..
Purdue Bfkycrs. Crewf heA<f aPBlientwns for malfeup) lightsi byildlng props costumes and offnein “ee duo Friday Apiil 30 in the PlayshOp Office -a^AZ
rditor in Chief ISusincfis MnnaRcr Nlws Editor ManaRing: Editor Coed Editor Sports Editor AdvettisiiiR Manager
Hello W alk The sight of a knowing iippei classman lumbei mg clow ii Hello Walk will usuallv eke i falsetto “Hiya” out of Gieeii Pot who m tuin piobabh lecencs a gnmt oi blank stale ahead Howcvei the tradition specifies a cheeiv gieeting from the afoiesaid uppeiclassman instead of the unfiiendlt ginnt The campus cops do lust about eveijthing but foice Hellos” out of passeisbv They aie the men m light tan umfoinis who besides measuiing students foi flat feet guaid the coineis of tne cimpub’ squaies of gioen tuif stalking un mfoimed gieeiilioins who daie to save a few seconds Irs stonqiing on the glass A. few weeks ago some moie students weie actuallv itpii manded foi cutting aci oss the now spiing lawns Athletic swcdtis fioin oilui schools “tie anolhei tiboo loi no colors otliei than the (lold and Black (and the gieen iiots) should be shown on campus let i Jew un lettered fiosh will ptisist m stioll mg into class with then urns loaded with stupes chevion stais etc, tokens of faded higli school glory which aicn’t appieciated on this campus Walk Around Memorial Cross The Memoiial Cioss, inlaid in the Great Hal! of the Union to hon or alumni who lost then lives in World War I, commands the ^leat est reverence fioin all To walk across it is the sin of ill sins To walk thiough the aich of Heaviloii Hall IS anothei seiious ofleiise A few new tiaditioiis might be suggested to help holstei entlin siasm for the old A pcnaltv Joi walking on giass might be the vig orous nibbing of the oftci dci s no c m it when HeuMlon towei slides Or the dunking of fic hmen in the honorable Wabash when caught minus the sign oi then lo\\lincss Sporting of Rioen pous by female members of the fieshman cl iss should not he oveilool cd when dis cussing new tiaditions
\e\t Satuid t evening, May 1, i lieshinan mixei, the fiist of a sumnici senes will be held Both bail]coins will he used and dancing will continue fi om 8 30 to 11 10 as usu il Mauiy "Malm will fninish the
music
A special invitation is extended to ill incoming fi eshmen to attend this ill ail These dances fuinish a good oppoituiiitv foi new students to become acqu uiited with the coeds of the Univeisitv The Date Buieau will aiiaiigc d te-- !f ill sUulents who applv Joi Ihcifi Social 1 ealui c Mixois li ivo 1)0(11 one of the so cial featmes of tlio Uiiiveisity for il ^eals hut this is the hist time that they will be a weekly event dining the snmmci Since it will he impossilile to hue moie famous liands because of tiavel lestiic tions Maiiiy Mahn has been con tiacted Joi the entiie season M vny now ideas aic being inaug mated Jot those summci inixeis Plans lie being made to hold sev (lal danecs on the ten ace this semcstei Otheis will be novelty mix eis in the halliooms IJ these'inixeis piove i success it is intended to climax the seism with a summer
piom
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Robert W Boswipkle Janiyx G Ectty Sally B«all Donald E Brewer Jean Lauer Joseph Ij Dawson A lane Keim STAFF I OR THIS ISSUE Night Fditor Ahbctl Issue Fditor Steltes Day Editor Ford Sports Editor Lipes Reporters Gcorgeson Marty H iwes Hnnimcl Bas nos
Harry J. Reed dnector of the Agiicultuial Expel iment Station, Associate Director W V Lambert, Dr W L Quaekenbush, head of agiicultural chemistiy, and Di George D Sear seth of the agronomy department, left yesterday foi Peoria, Illinois, to attend a mid west confeience on agiicultuial research to be held at the U S Government laboratory at Peoi la
Classified Ads
Typewriters Adding macnines all makes Slid rented repaired and purchased Mimeo Kiaph uoik dane C J Ebershoff fa06 Main, J afayette Phone 2779 Money to Loan On diamonds watcheB, guns luRgage typewriteis Alberts Loan Office 407 Columbia Male roommate needed to keep good room Dcsiieiate! Call Dick '"1834 lyost—Pi Beta Phi sorority pin (arrow) Set with peaila Rcwurdil Ruth Hayes Wood Hall Wanted^—Studentb to dtlncr Pindut Ex pontnt Apply Exponent offiLe or call R G
MARS TODAY and TOMORROW
wnm mmy tCiSSES 'EM
with GEORGE TOM smmRs»mmFy JAt4E RANDOLPH » RKO Radio Picture J — PLUS — ICING OF THE STALLIONS — with — ChiCF rHUHDERCLOUD
ARC TODAY THRU SATURDAY SPECIAL' Biick Jones in His Last Picture
*/i 1 /i ts f
USED and NEW Books and School Supplies For Alt Courses • Science • Engineering / • Bacteriology • Agriculture • Physical Education i ® Home Economics
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE Across from the Union Building “So Handy”
M. C. "Red" Satnnions, '29
R. W. "Dot" Epple, '4a
PLUS—SECOND HIT ANEW KM OF THRILL!
Buy War Bonds
fe fhanned you as * ''MR. CHIPS"! He’ll thrill y ou as '^R. PITT"!
BOBEkTiS
PHYLLiS CATVERT'i J.OHN m:ILLS_''
NOW Mi
PLAYING
201I1 Century Fox
• • • TheyVe helping defend his country I'dMOlIRdW . . . They'll help build his career The eyes of America are on her fighting men today... and the eyes of our fighting men are as vital to Victory as the guns they sight. It takes good eyes to win a war—on the battle front, in war factories, on the home front! And winning the war is America’s No. 1 job! Make sure your family is not suffering eyestrain due to improper lighting. Every eyestrain victim these days is a casualty for Uncle Sam. If there is any doubt about the lighting you use for reading, sewing, studying or any other home front task, ask your dealer’s good advice, NOW!
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INPIANA, INC.
KEEP A SHARP EYE ON fHTC TUYURI BUY U. S. WAR BONDS NOw/
“Yi r ii
yir>
iyt
A^p»U 2911942 '
i k i ^ f ^
UllW^ft Of W# lifllt5W«^ QPiW h% ^Wc^ey Cochrane. Continues 6m Rweta Squsi Itete 0» Sahtllay Famous Career M Navy Coach Tjhie ^^Qilermaker golfing “unknowns” will make their first Lt Gordon S (Mickey) Cochrane, baseball officer at the cottipetiitiye appearance of the sea^ion here Saturday as they Great Lakes Naval Training Station, is enjoying the finest take bi/ the University of Detroit in a dual engagement over health of his life at 40 years of age and also his second year in the University 18-hole course which was recently opened for the service Lt Cochrane began a brilliant major league career its second full season of play with the Philadelphia Athletics in 1926—a career which ended Coack Harry Allspaw, without a single veteran holdover abruptly 12 years later due to an accident after leading the
Faculty Bowling
from last season available, has hua^^riibdly and tentatively seleqtedl' a quintet from this week’s registrants for the summer term that includes tw» brand new freshmen. Jack Kuhlman, of Chicago, 111, and Bob
Andhteotiy of Muncie Ro^dbiV! On Squad
(SQnjhjtiing with the fieshman
Riveter Trackmen In Six-Team Meet
Detroit Tigers to the world’s
championship in 1985
Commissioned a lieutenant, senior grade, in March, 1942, Lt. Cochrane cruised through
With graduation and the call of his indoctrination course, then the aimed seivices shaving the spent the summei leading the Blue Boilermakei tiack squad down to jackets to 63 victories in 77 games eighteen membeis, Coach Heim and the championship of Ameiica’s
Phillips will find it a difficult task service teams
pair, which has haidly had a chance round up a complete team to take gat^talipn Comiuandei
to even locate the Univdisity coqrsh, Wiill be Lloyd Rossebo, Indianapolis, Clarence Robeits, of Tul^a, bkla., and Chailes Lamb, of Hehdl&rson, Ky, who, while upper clashmeii, have had no collegiate competitive experience
In the fall, he was appointed as a
to Noithwestein foi the six team meet with Wisconsin, Noithwestein, Chicago, Minnesota, and Indi-
ana
Blodgett New Vaulter
Since vacation Phillips has found a good piospect foi the pole vault
in the piesence of Ken Blodgett , ,
He IS a foimei stai of Wiley High T" highlights of his
Coed Billiard Tourney Scheduled For May 6 Univeisity coeds will join the coeds of seveial othei colleges and univeisities thioughout the nation in the second annual billiaids toui nament Ihuisday, May 6 at 7 00
p m
Teams, consisting of five playeis,
battalion coipmander in the leciuit will play their games at then home training division, but in his spare schools, and the totals of the games hours.he seived as an assistant to will be sent to Cornell Univeisity Lt Paul D (Tony) Hinkle, coach to be lecoided The lesults of the
of the Bluejacket football squad Duiing the wintei months he
Earl Bolyaid, foimei minoi league outfielder, is the “giandpapiiy" of the 1943 Gieat Lakes Naval Tiajning Station baseball team 'Ehirty-one yeais old, Bolyaid IS ah instructor m lope tying, an impPitant phase in lecruit trainmg ]^e was selected as a iiggei aftei serving as a company conimahclet Befoie his enlistment in the Ngvy, Bolyaid spent eleven years With eight clubs in the nation’s leading minoi league^oigani/ations, Among the teams he played with aje Newaik, N J , Oakland, Caj.j Bgltimoie, Md , Kansas City, Chattanooga, Tenn, and Dallas, Texas
in Teiie Haute
biief militaiy caieei—piomotion
Bayaid Haivey, who did most of fiom battalion to legimental com
the scoimg as the Boileimakeis Although most of the outstanding stais of the 1942 season have de paited foi othei bases, Lt Coch lane has many foimei majoi and minoi league players lepoiting foi action with this season’s baseball squad Included in this gioup aie pitcheis Johnny Schmitz and Vein Olsen of the Chicago Cubs, Tom Feriick of the Cleveland Indians, Bob Hams of the Philadelphia Ath
as
diopped their fiist meet of the season to Michigan State, will be counted on in the dashes, McVey Ashwell, Sucui, and Young aie also back foi competition this semestei
NOTICE
All freshmen interested in trying out for the varsity tennis team should report to the courts at 4
o’clock tomorrow afternoon In case letics, and Fiank Biscan of the St of bad weather a meeting will be Louis Biowns A lecent addition to
held in Room 201 of the Fieldhouse Lst has been Appientice Seaman soied by the Association of College at 4 o’clock. Larry LaBree. Johnny Mize, former New Yoik Unions and the Billiaid Association
Giants stai fiist baseman of Ameiica.
tournament will be sent to all the competing teams by au mail
Coeds Not Yet Entered
Although a team has not yet qualified fiom the Univeisity it is expected that the coeds will be able to finish higher than ninth place in the standing as they did in the last touiney The fiist local game will be held on Satuiday, May 1 at 7 p m , and coeds aie asked to make then entries as soon as possible Entiles will be received until noon May 6, but it might be necessary foi the late entries to play a qualifying
game
This tournament, like the men’s Intel collegiate tournaments that have been played this year is spoil
Won
Lost
English
63
30
Agi Extension
61
32
Animal Husb
58
36
Speech
64
39
Physical Plant
54
39
Executive
63
40
Civil Engl
51
42
Elec Engr
51
42
Physics
50
43
Poultry „
50
43
Agronomy 2
49
44
Hoi ticpltuie
48
45
Mech Engl
48
45
Agr Chem 2
48
46
Recitation
48
46
Dairy
45
48
Agi Chem 1
45
48
Foiestiy
45
48
Chemistiy 2
44
.49
Radio Engl
44
j49
Agi Chem 3
43
/ 50
Agi Exp Sta
42
/
Agi Engl
42
/
General Stores
42 j
1 51
Chemistiy 1
4y
61
Naval Tr Sta
52
Agronomy 1
41
52
Chem Engl
40
53
Pharmacy
39
64
Geneial Engl
37
56
Biology
36
57
Aimy
34
69
High Team Sets
Baseball Team Faces A » St. Joseph Saturday v, A double header baseball game will open the 1948 for the Boilermaker squad when they oppose St, Jo.sepb this coming Saturday afternoon The first game is schedul44 to get under way at 2 p m on the diamond behind the Ffdlifthouse Although early commencement and calls to military sendee have stripped the Boilermaker — team of all but two major let- Martin, a senior transfer from termen, Dutch Fehring, head ami U, along with Jeiry Jenkovich, , , „ , 1 j. . i 1 a bland new fieshman from Clftvebaseball coach, has tentatively impressed Fehnng selected the combination that -^vith his possibilities as a hitter in will take the field against the his fiist and only day of practice
DEAC’S THE GREATEST
Meth Engl , 2825, Physical Plant, 2818, Army, 2814, Agi Extension, 2805 High Ind Sets C P Allen, 673, Hanks, 563, Leutwielei, 556, Henze, 553, 0 C Lee,
562
High Team Games Army, 984, Agronomy 1, 982, Forestry, 977, Speech, 976 High Ind Games Cason, 235, Hanks, 218, Woizella, 213, Johnson, 213, Leutwielei, 213 High Team Sets To Date English, 2909, Agi Extension, 2893, Chemistiy 2, 2868, Poultiy, 2860 High Weekly Ind Sets To Date Wykoff, 650, E P Miller, 642, Knoll, 631, Seaton, 623 High Team Games To Date Animal Husb , 1048, Horticulture, 1044, Agi Exp Sta , 1032, Agronomy 2, 1031 High Weekly Ind Games To Date H F Owen, 267, W L Clark, 266, Frost 254, Beers, 253 NOTICE All P E swimming tutors will meet in Room 105 in the Fieldhouse Ihursdaj night at 7 30 Papenguth.
Pumas, despite the fact that he has had only one day since the opening of the summer term in which to make a quick inventory <if material Catchers In Army Although Fehring is faced with plenty of peisonnel troubles as tar as experience is concerned his big gest worry is centered at the spot behind the plate All three backstop candidates who were working out during the spring term have been lost to the army, and Walter Hesae, erstwhile infieldei, has been tentatively drafted to do his best Ed Misselhoin, one of the two major letter men on the squad, will probably draw the starting pitching assignment in the first of the two seven inning double headers with the Rensselaer collegians with Irving Claseman, minor letterman, as the probable choice for the aftermath Other pitching possibilities include Jack Kennedy and Ed Timm, membeis of the basketball squad, George Leftwich, of Cincinnati, as signed to the Purdue Naval Training School, and Sterling Keyser, fieshman from Fort Wayne Jennings At First Base Jim Jennings, of Gary, and Low ell Black, of Muncie, both newcomers, are likely prospects lor first base, with Jack Iimsiher, a transfer from Valparaiso U , and Aaron Martin, of Washington, 111, newly turned sophomore, battling it out at second Henry Strain, midget halfback on last fall’s football squad has been utilizing his speed at both shortstop and in the outfield Ed Ehleis, high scoring sophomore guard on the basketball squad, is capably han dling the thud base post copiplet ing the infield The outfield is headed by Paul Friend the second major letterman Other garden prospects include Tom Burger, Dick Schmidt and Jack
with the varsity so far Sports Shorts^ Evanston, III, April 28—The recent newspaper publication of a picture taken in an undisclosed African port showing an Arab wearing a Northwestern UniveisitY sweat shut star tea members of the W ildcat athletic department to conjectuiing over the fellow’s identifcy,^ and how he came in possession of the shirt 4.ftei sfudymg the picture. Coach Fiank Hill of the track team vefiturecl the opinion that the bqarded individual was Ah Ben Bey tfffoj won his letter as a short stop orji the 1940 baseball team All Ben Bey had several Bjg League offers, but his fathei took him to Casablanca to help him With the rug cutting business He Was also interested rn track He liked to run the hurdles barefooted Trainer Carl Erickson was at a loss to figure out how one of bis closely guarded sweat shirts came into the possession of an Arajb m distant Africa
Since last June more than 1,000 University of Michigan students have been taught to swim as part of the University’s compulsory physical hardening program Coach Matt Mann, whose Wolverine varsity has won 12 national coUpgiafe swimming championships in 17 year s, is in charge of this phase of the program His newest batch of pupils are from the Army engineering group stationed here for specialized training Forty-three pei cent of the men in this group failed to pass the required sWimniing test and now are uhder Mann’s tutelage
Southworth’s
NAME
in
BOOK STORES
EVERYTHING FOR A COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOKSTORE SiudsutL iBookA, tmci Supphf Phone 2976 325 State St.
CHECK YOUR LIST
We Have All Your Approved and Required TEXT BOOKS AND STANDARD SUPPLIES
That item that you forgot to get during book rush is here waiting for you.
® FORM PAPER o Note Books o Pens, Ponciia ® Krasorfj, Ink o All School Supplioh ® Study Lconps
® Book Ends ® Pictures & Picture Frames © Purdue Pennants o Spon Goods ® Radios, Phonographs, Records
SAVE AT
POTBCCKg^SmiYSTDPE
30a-IO STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND
Southmn^^aygfv^' ’ mf> •' fe '
RSfJSy ■ mim WKS
5,'l»':t '■; - ^V •^•, iTTrT'’';
4
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, April 29, 1942 p
YOUR HEADQUARTERS
J>£A. lAnwsiMihf Sookdu ontL
FREE SERVICES ® Currency Exchange Checks Cashed Western Union Notary Public Bus Station
# ■ For Greater # Values I
YOU CAN SAVE HERE
We Guarantee the Right Books and Supplies for All Your Courses BARGiUNS in , USED BOOKS or NEW IF YOU PREFER
STUDENT SUPPLIES
★ Sporting Goods ★ Gym Outfits ★ Pennants ★ Fiction ' ★ Non-Fiction ★ Study Lamps
★ Drawing Supplies 'S' ★ Fountain 'Pens . ★ Pencils—Erasers ★ Notebooks ★ Stationery ★ Art Supplies
f} ^okqML BmhAhfm^ ml Bul
pmt BOCK &SIPPLY STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WE5T LAFAYETTE , IND.
^^Continuous Service to Purdue Students for 37 Years’’’’
St^MihwjoYtlhY