5 { ^ I
r vu ic ! !
V
Thday’s Review Of War News
To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc
• Nazis Prepare To Invade Syria, Irad “The Germans are preparing to move into Syria for an attack on Iraq,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London. “Furthermore, they are not likely to be air-borne. German ships have passed through the Dardanelles with an unknown number of troops.” ♦ ♦ N*
Z>IS5
FoihhM le 18S9
xpcmM § DaNf Since f90i
e Attack May Thin British Naval Power “The Germans are now ready to attempt the invasion of Syria, which would enable them to push east toward Iraq and south toward Suez,” cables John T. Whitaker from Lisbon. The moves, he says, threaten to spread British seapower thinner than it has ever been.
Volume 52, No. 182
West Lcdoyette, Indicma
Thursday, May 15, 1941
• Council Approves Hitler-Darlan Decisipns The French Council of Ministers has approved decisions reached in theconference between Hitler and Adm. Darlan, it was said officially in Vichy - today. The nature of these decisions was not made public.
Uiion Elects 1941-’42 Board
• Hess Must Prove Friendly Intentions Hess must prove his friendly intentions toward the British before any credence is placed in his word, William H. Stoneman cables from London. Meanwhile, everything he says “must be taken with a large dose of salt.”
• Hess Mystery Flight Still Sensation That the Hess flight “remained a sensation in official circles and among the German people was evident,” radios David M. Nichol from Berlin, although the case had disappeared from the newspapers “except for a presumably connected announcement that Hitler spoke.”
• Axis Blitz On British Fleet Fails “For six days German and Italian airplanes conducted an aerial blitzkrieg on the British Mediterranean fleet and failed completely,” says a dispatch from Grattan P. McGroarty, a correspondent aboard a British warship '
• RAF Raids Helgoland, Sinks Ships British planes during the night raided the German naval base of Helgoland and sank or damaged several ships off the coast of Holland and France and m the harbor of St. Nazaiie, it was announced. Elsewlfere air activity was light.
Starek
Knight
Fellows
Hepburn
Mystery Yet Surrounds Hess Flight
Frosh, Sophs Vote
Today For Student Bradley To Play At Cary
Senatorial Positions
Polls Will Remain Open
Formal Tomorrow Hight
By William H. Stoneman
Until 5:3Cl At Union Niche
^ SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc
London, May 14.—^The purposes of Rudolf Hess in coming to Great Britain are still a mystery despite th^ hundreds of thousands of words written to explain this most sensational story of the War. Accoil'ding to the best information available to this correspondent, the British government is being extremely careful in dealing with Hess and until he proves himself to be a sincere opponent of the Nazi program and not al clever Nazi agent bent on undermining the British war effort by fostering peace moves, he will not be given the benefit of any doubt. Friendly or Hostile?
bent on any peace mission to proNazi elements in this country, he may be allowed certain facilities Otherwise he is likely to be put in jail on charges of entering Britain illegally. Casts Doubt on Russian Anglo The story that Hess fled Germany as~ a result of his antipathy toward Russia and Hitler’s rapprochment with Josef V. Stalin has not been confirmed and does not convince this correspondent. There is some reason to believe, however, that Hess has been obsessed by the fact that Germany failed to win the war in the blitz fashion, and by his fear of a long war. He has frequently referred in his s^ieeches to the heavy sacrifices Germany was making, and there is even some reason to belie.ve that he was interested in patching up a peace with Great . Britain at the first opportunity. To this extent the German communique issued yesterday afternoon may have had a great deal of sense. In appraising the value of stories that Hess has been writing his head off, that he has been talking freely with Ivone A. Kirkpatrick, former counsellor of the British embassy in Berlin, and that he is doing this or that other thing,- it should be borne in mind that his trip here still is a mystery.
Freshman and sophomore students will choose their representatives today in the annual Student Senate elections, to be held from 7:30 a. m. until 5:30 p. m. in the old west desk niche of the Union. Passports will be required for^votmg. Senators elected will serve as sophomores and juniors in next year’s ' Senate. Eight sophomore representatives Will be chosen from the following candidates by the students m their respective schools: Agriculture — Joe Hannon, Howard Hites, Ernest Tilley and Richard Crane; Pharmacy and Physical-Education combined—Ralph Eberts, Willard Shelby and Edmund Ruch; Home Economics—Bette Jacobsen, Margaret Meltzer and Lois Caldwell; Science •—J. Richard Lundquist, Joan Sullivan and Lucinda Redwine. Freshmen will* also consider the following, selecting four to represent All-Engineering: Robert Gallatin, Jim Petty, Don Thomas, Ken Dawson, Joe Dawson, Gordbn Hoffman, Charles Leffert, Bill Badger, (Continued on page 4)
Dance Will Use Both Ballrooms In Union
Will Bradley and his boogie woogle band will play for the annual Cary Club spring formal dance from 8:30 to 12 o’clock tomorrow
night in both ballrooms of the Union. Admission to the dance is open only to club members and their dates.
Richard Springgate
Wins Hanley Confest;
Swager Ranked 2nd
-4iiding Club Presents Keys,
Chooses Officers Tonighf
Riding Club will hold its election meeting tonight at 7:30 in room^ 266 of the Union. Tom Graham,* president of the club, will be in charge of the meeting. The Gymkhana, held last Sunday, will be discussed, and suggestions for next year’s show will be given. Reports from the different heads of the Gymkhana cdnimittees are due at this tihie.
The speech, ^Tlalf An Army,” of Richard Springgate,'’ senior chemical engineer, won first prize in the Hanley Speech Contest, ^he finals of which were held last pight in the Home Economics auditorium. Second prize was won by the speech oi William Swager, “Axis Taxes,” while the speech, “Wartime Taxation,” by Robert Weiss was chosen third best by the judges. The yanking of the Uther Speakers, R. D. Sinish, Ben J'ohnson, aiid Louis Cohen, was not announced last night. ^100 in Prizes A total of $100 in prizes waS awarded to the contest winners by W. A. Hanley, MB ’ll, ip the fallowing amounts: i^fst prize |86, second prize, $25> third prize, $16, fourth prize, $10, and fifth and sixth prizes of $6 eaph. Only Engineering students were eligible to enter the^ contest. The finalists were chosen in a series of preliminary contests by R. Sj. Hotn of the speech department. The contest was judged hy the following: ’l^of. V. L. AJbjer^ and J. W. Wiley from the Economies department; Prof A. H. Monroe and Prof. P. E. Lull of the English and Speech Department, and Prof- B, H. Petty of the school of Civil Engineering. c.v.t.
Bradley, the popular idol of swing fans, will bring his famed “Beat Me Daddy” music to the campus for the first time tomorrow for the Cary Club dance. His smooth swing arrangements, as heard on * his sensational string of- phonograph records, has made him the reigning favorite at college and fraternity dances all over the east and middle west Rapid Rise Will Bradley’s rapid rise to popularity began a feW: years ago when he relinquished his position as the number one man of the terrific trombohe to start a band of his own. The rolling bass and 8-to8the-bar style immediately put Bradley over, but there were many years of hard work behind the scenes before that sensational climb up the ladder to success. Will started out with the newly formed band 6f the Dorsey brothers when he first hit Manhattan in the early thirties. After New Yorkers got their firet taste of the Bradley tromjione, Will w4s in constant demand to play engagements for most of the big name orchestras. He feels that he gained much practical exiperieiice while working with so many top-notch musicians and playing so many different styles. Bradley J trill feature the rolling drumstieks of Ray McKinley, the drummerman’s drummerman, playing With the band tomorrow night. Ray also doubles on tiie vocals for the Prddley outfit, d.t.b. ’
Caiy Club Will Present Rerue
“Bojangles,” Cary CluPs annual
variety production will be presented
Saturday evening at 8 p. m. in Fowler Hall. This year’s show is written and directed by Elbert BohIm, Richard Gast and Harry Hooper and will feature singing, a dancing chorus and, “It says here”—^humor. The “Caryettes,” the dancing chorus, will be directed by Reid Bennett and Roscoe Hass’ Cary Club band will furnish the music. Admission is free 'and the production 13 open to all. k.a.k.
TKA To Hold Forum
On Defense Tonight
Tau Beta Pi Sponsors
Ingineoring Banquet
Tau Kappa Alpha, Forensic honorary, will eponsoiv a forum tonight on “College Students and National Defense” at 7:30 in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building. In order to get an impartial view of the situatiun, three speakers will attend, a student representative and two members of the staff.
Lpcal Section, ACS, Hears Dr. Bartlett; Officers Announced
Tah Beta Pi is uguin sponsoring the all fingirteering ftonorary Banquet oft Tuesday, May 20, at 6 p. m. in the Nbrth ballroom of the Union. The spedlter fur ihe occasion will be John Dienner, patent attorney for tfniversity and Cliicago University graduates. ^ Other organizations thftt wijl take part are: Etta Kappa Nu, Pi Tau Sigma, Phi Lambda Upsilon, Chi Epsilon and Sigma Pi Sigma- All distinguished students are invited to attend. nn^d.l.
These speakers are Gordon Enders of the history department. Major Riordan, who came from the staff of Notre Dame last fall, of the military department, and Richard Springer,, a varsity debater. This forum will discuss selective service and its effect on the college student. National defense, as it applies to the student, and the student’s contribution will be discussed. The honorary announces that this meeting is open to faculty members and townspeople as well as members of the University speech classes. c.v.f.
Dr. Paul D. Bartlett of Harvard University addressed members of the local section of the American Chemical Society at a meeting last night in the Chemistry Building. For his work in sterochemistry, kinetics and mechanism of organic reactions, and molecular rearrangements Dr. Bartlett was recently presented the Langmuir award of the American Chemical Society. Officers of the Purdue section of the American Oheraical Society for the term beginning this June are: chairman, F. D. Martin; vice-chair-man, J. C. Lottes; chairman-elect, E. T. McBee; councilor, M. Q, Mellon; council, T. DeVries (for 1942); secretary^treasurer, F. J. Allen, k.a.k.
Starek, Fellows, ? Knight, Hepburn To Fill Positions
PAC Elects Raney President
Adams, Maierhofer Win Other Positions
Dick Raney,^ Met E '42, a member of Pi Kappa fraternity, was elected the first president of the newly founded Purdue Athletic Council yesterday afternoon in^the Athletic Director’s office in the Fieldhouse. Jim Adams, PSE ’42, a member of Phi Delta Theta fraternity, was chosen the initial vice president, and Rill Maierhofer, Sci. ’42, a Sigma Chi, the secretary-
treasurer.
The election was conducted by the nine members of the new Council along with the senior managers of baseball, football, track and basketball, Assistant Athletic Director Pop Doan, and Professor Hass, a membef of the Faculty Athletic Affairs Committee. Plenty Qf THeas Following the election of office! s the members of the council conducted a very enthusiastic business meeting to outline the plans of organization and activities which the PAC will handle. Among the proposed plans for the Council "^re the setting up of card indices recording the time played by athletes in the various sports, the presentation of awards to managers who work two years but do not get junior positions, an4,the arrangement of dates and entertainment for prospective
athletes.
In addition to the three officers, Jim Mercer, John Clouser, Bill Campbell, Vaughn Hill, Charlie Standard, Gordon Petersen, Athletic Director Mai Elward, and Professor G. A. Young, chairman of the Faculty Athletic Affairs Committee, are charter members of the Council.
Roscoe “Joe” Starek, Science ’42 has been chosen president of the Student Union for 1941-’42 by the electoral board, made up of the present senior board, President E. C. Elliott and L. M Vallely, it was announced last night by A. B. Clarke, retiring Union president, at the annual electoral board banquet held in the Old Chestnut room of the Union. Starek is a member of the Delta Upsilon fraternity. Other juniors elected to senior positions were Barbara Fellows, HE ’42, Chi Omega, Co-ed Executive; Hal Knight, ME ’42, Sigma Nu fraternity, Men’s executive and Bill Hepburn, ME ’42 Delta Tau Delta fraternity, activities chairman. Duties of the senior board are ~ distributed in this way; the president will act as chief of the senioir board and will preside at all meetings of the board. The co-ed executive will act as secretary to the president and will be manager of the Union’s women personnel. The men’s executive will be in charge' of the finances of the organization and will be manager of the men’s personnel. An additional duty of the men’s executive will be acting manager of general personnel. The activities chairman will be m charge of all activities of the Student Union and will be manager of all junior personnel, directing their respective activities. Positions held hy the newlyelectfed senior board members this year are: Joe Starek, game room chairman; Barbara Fellows, cochairman of the music room; BiU Hepburn, chairman of the riding club; and Hal Knight,*chairman of the Aeromodelers Club.
Industrial Relations
Institute Opens t94t
Session Here Today
With the opening session at 10 o’clock this morning, in the Uifion faculty lounge, Uie 1941 Persmmel and Industrial-Relations Institute will be held today and tomorrqw on the campus. Registration ip the Great Hall will begin at 9. Professor David L* Arm, Ketui^ director of personnel, wfll preside at the first session, evening of the institute will be done hy A. O., Broekriede, president of the Hidiana Personnel Association and personnel director of the Sunhemn Electric Manufacturing Company in EvansviUe. Fred A. Krafts ffirector of labor relations for the American Viscose corporation in Wilmington, Deluware, will discuss “Collective Bargaining”^ in closing the morning meeting.
Dinner Meeting
The afternoon session will open at 2 o’clock in room 120 of the EE building with Professor R, J. Greenly, of the department of education and applied, psychology, pre-
siding. Sneakinsr
siding. Speaking on “Inerising the Working Force” wiU be C. L.
^ Shartle, chief of the occupational
analysis section of the U. S. Employment service division of the Social Security Board in Washington, and Ray Kremer, personnel director of the Allison Engineering division of GMC in Indianapolis. J. Bradley Haight, assistant director of the Indiana Employment 8e(^-
ity division, will lead the dlscuasien. p
A dinner at 0 p. m. in the Unioa
fwr officers and dir«ct<nts «f t5e In- ’
dicna Personnel Asseciatioii ied ody fleers or representatives ef personnel associations will closatO'
day^s activities.
S/fii
^ 1 /
J, iTi,-
1? ' ■s.
r4 ■#.
imi, V- ^ r r
PapL 2-^diiL
lliiirsday« May 15, 1941
(PjaJtdujL SxfumstnL
5*^ Colmnii
We’ve been thinking a great deal about Dr. Hu Shih’s talk at Baccalaureate. Lately. Jt seems he advocates taking a few problems from school with us into the world. But it never occurred to us what a marvelous suggestion it was until we started to finish up our work in this here University. After all, it would be much simpler all the way round . . . To just take those problems along. ♦ Then the instructor wouldn’t have to grade them. And we wouldn’t have to think up any new ones. * * However, it seems. You can’t take it with you. * * * Which brings us down to the business at hand. And a little epitaph we thought up all by ourselves. BORN JUNE 18, 1940 ASSASINATED MAY 15, 1941 Aged 10 months, 16 days. Referring of course to the Fifth Column. ^ ^ Murdered by a friend whose name is not worthy to appear here. And for his dastardly deed will be kicked out into the cold cruel world at graduation. We hope. That’s us. * * * Of course every murderer has to have a motive. Ours is professional jealousy. We don’t want to suffer by comparison with anybody else. The next guy might be good. ' * * * Now for the plug. This column makes approximately our 142 out of 182 issues of the Exponent. We think. At any rate there isn’t anybody can say different. To check you have to have papers. And before you can have papers.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered m Mcend eUM matter at the peat elNaa te Imfajrette, Indiana, nndcr the aet of Conoreaa ti ICarah i, 1879, and at the apeeial rate of poetaco provided for in section llOS, act of October S, 1917, anihoriied Janoair >9, 1922. Published daily except Monday durinc tha rcsoldr academic year and weekly darins the Summer Becaion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mall subscription, $8.60. EdKor-in-Chief. B. W. BoMhna Business Blanacar Marla Maeamayar
Publication Staff
_J. H. McKea
Nevra Editor Mandaina Editor— —.D, K. EEbipla Asaociata Bditora: 1^. A. Ochiltree, J. A. PnrecU, L. W.
Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Trauaott.
Businasa Staff
Local Adverticina Manaaers: D. S. Powerc, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manaaar, C. F. Danalemajar; Aaoonnta Manaaer, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manaaar, R. M.
Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff
Editor Beth Simpson Ascociatc Editon: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Sicas.
Sporta Staff P. Dolftn Asaeciatc ^itora: J. F. Adamson, P. G. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Bufinesi 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for nWtional advertisina by Natioual Advertiaina Servlee, Inc., Colleae Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc., New York, N. Y. Staff For This issuo Night Editor: Novey Day Editor: Barson Issue Editor: Klosson Night Sports Editor: Young Staff: M. L. Losey, C. V Thomas, M. J. Fox, M. J. Flannigan, S. J. Slesser, S. Wolf, J. G. Petty, F. I. Jones, D. T. Brophy, J. F. Zinski.
They got to be delivered.
Ha!
The Ratio— 3.93 ) • • to 1-
Well, it won’t be long now. Elections are coming out, last minute tests are being given, and everybody’s running around like a chicken with its head cut off. That is, everybody but Jack Lyons, of course. You should have seen him yesterday sitting in the Swedish Lounge holding a girl’s head in his lap. Gosh, but he looked peaceful. Must be the paternal spirit coming out. Turn-about seems to be fair play o" Phil Jehuson-Jane Standish pinning. First she walks off with their big pin and then the Thetas come over and give the Phi Delts a pin serenade. Wonder when the Phi Delts are going to break the ice and serenade for a change ? Speaking of Phi Delt pins, a Kappa has captured another one. That makes eight for the Kappas now. The participants are Dottie Andrews and Lou Morrison. Betcha that’s one serenade the Kappas won’t get. Well, this week-end ought to see the last of the social season, I reckon. The Kappas and the Theta Zis are finishing it up with their Spring formals. Reckon that ought to keep Cooper and Hall busy this week-end. Looks like something interesting might develops out of the Theta Zi dance. A fellow over there by the name of Jim Jackson is importing Miss Kentucky of 1940. Driving her own
Bernie Vance T o Play At Sigma Nu-Theta Xi Dance Saturday Theta Xi’s and Sigma Nu’s will feature “Sweet Swing Styled by Bernie Vance” at their spring formal to be held in the south ballroom next Saturday evening from 9 to 12. This band comes direct from the University of Illinois campus where it has become famous for its specialty numbers featuring several groups within the band. Foremost among these are “The Three Aces,” a brass trio, and “The Three Deuces,” a trio of vocalists. Feature^ along with these will be Bob Stebbins, tenor vocalist, and Bernie Vance, himself, with his saxophone. Buick up, too, they tell us. lyldyhe these guys that import have the right idea after all. Well, the good old Indiana weather is showing its true form these days, isn’t it ? One thing nice about it as far as the University is concerned,, is that its driving these potential moochers from under the trees in front of Fowler Hall. Too bad it’s not back in the good old days when there was a woods there. Far from being a prude, we’re inclined, however, to agree with the University on this issue. What’s the matter with you piple, can’t you wait for the cover of darkness ? Say, by the wa,y, if anybody has 260 dollars that they don’t vant, see us and we’ll be glad to take it off your hands. We know where we can get a peach of a car for just about that much. Don’t rush, though, we’ll interview you all and pick out the best terms.
Music Room . . . program will be presented from 4 to 5 p. m., May 18, in the Union by Mrs. Charles Schwarms and Mrs. Adam Mackay, duo-pianists. Both women are from Cincinnati, Ohio and are graduates of the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music, m.1.1.
—TODAY - SATURDAYTWO FIRST RUN HITS
H!s Most Thrilling Adventure
with WARREN WILLIAM • A Columlila Plctun
ALSO-
SIX-GUK action ON THE BORDER!
DON "RED” bajrr flri^nfaOarrBlII
ATTENTION
All Sports Fans!
Because you are so active in sports, it is even more important that yon keep your clothes always fresh and clean. It’s so easy to do this at Crown. Our quality cleaning will earn you many a winning score.
Laundry
F I ■ t E i. ■ A^B ■ ■ « -9 g r I M E _C B J t
Irishnai’s Illusions
The total windy wordage wavers about the figure of 25,000. Which leaves us with only two wishes. That we could figure out some manner of skullduggery . . . To turn it on our English course. * * is Or sell it for a dollar a word like Eleanor.—dkh
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Purdue’s basebalkand track teams leave today for the far north and Minnesota’s huge athletic plant. The track team will take part in the conference track and field meet, while the baseball team will meet Minnesota/s diamond outfit in a couple game series. —I-I— Baseball manager John Davis, an engineer of the first water, and a mechanical at that, is so batty about locomotion and railroads that he has requested and been granted permission to ride in the locomotive of the Burlington Zephyr which will provide pulling power for seven big ten teams journeying to the twin cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis. Dutch Pehring, Purdue’s baseball' coach, also has been granted permission to travel with the engineer. —I-I— You know, even if you don’t take engineering around here, you get the old stuff fused into your system from the technical atmosphere. It’s fun, though! Reamer Club, athletic booster and activity honorary for un-organ-ized men, is sponsoring a regular movie at the Lafayette theater. The theater management is spiffing the profits from the production “Reach-
Prof. 6. A. Hawkins ... of the school of mechanical engineering, is in Akron, Ohio, where he will speak tonight on “High Pressure — High Temperature Research at Purdue University” before the Akron-Canton section of the ASME.
ing For The Sun,” starring Joel McCrea, Ellen Drew, and Billy Gilbert," with the Reamers. The Reamers are selling tickets to the affair for Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, May '19-21, but not for the Sunday performance. —I-I— However, tickets purchased at the box office will not boost the club; therefore Purdue students should purchase their ducats from the members of this club. This cl\ib, although not blessed with a “hand out” source of revenue, is certainly beneficial to the athletic department especially in conducting pep sessions and purchasing awards for ward athletes competing in I-M and minor sports activities. This club certainly deserves support, because when it plans something it is ac-, complished.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
— AND — ura^HUVL WJEWIU
jtDiisoN nudMWAtk ' PLUS 'MYSTERIOUS DR. SATAN" Serial FIRST RUN FAlnt ihewS
HELD OVER THROUGH SATURDAY
The Best Picture of _ 1940 —
SEIZNICK INTERNATIONAL prtnnb REBECCII starring LAURENCE OLIVIER JOAN FONTAINE Directed by ALFRED HITCHCOCK Produced by DAVID O. SEIZNICK who mode "GONE WITH THE WIND" «ReIeased thru UNITED ARTISTS
PLUS
RICHARD
ARLEN ... PARK! w,i, Helen Mack • Roger Pryor
TODAY-FBIDAy
Rhapsody in Hypocrisy: “Today (1928) we have a balanced budget.” — Mussolini. And then tomorrow had to be another day. “Three cheers for war!”—Mussolini. “Mine is a policy of peace.”—Mussolini.
I M Schedulet ALL CAMPUS GOLF—TODAY A Fligrht B. Salzman va. J. Q. Meuller. H. T. Harrison vs. G. Sauter. J. T. Jones vs. J. P. Simons. B, Dixon vs. J. R. Bowen M. L. Clevett vs. C. A. Polk. M. B. Laddon vs. G. E. Hamilton L. V. HofTman vs. F. E. West. ■ B Flight E. E. Sprague vs. G. Steudel. D. H. Daley vs. R. A. Kuntz. J. V. Proesel vs. R. L. Lober. • J. Edwards vs. D. M. Bouton. T. E. Graham vs. F. C. Rieger. E. Greenstein vs. E. M. Mcllwain. TENNIS—TODAY Singles Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. B Doubles Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Theta Pi or Triangle. Lambda''Chl Alpha vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. All Campus Sells vs. Branner or Lichtenberg. Mangold vs. Gardner. Wells vs. Dudzinski. Fleck vs. Murphy or Niese. Freshman , Schweig vs. Lichtenberg or Fihe. R. Anderson vs. T. Mangold or J. Harrison. BASEBALL—TODAY Diamond 1— Ward-24 vs. Ward 27. 2— Ward 17 vs. Ward 25. 10—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 14.
ARC
Starts'TODAY FRI. - SAT. and CONTINUES FOR 15 WEEKS
EDWARD CIANNELLI ROBERT WILCOX-WlilAM NEWELL C. MONTAGUE SHAW-ELLA NEAL DOROTHY HERBERT
DON'T MISS THIS CHAPTER
Last 3 Days ^[auuyhSL.... that will be heard around the world!
in his new comedy The Great DICTATOR with lACK OAKIE PAULETTE GODDARD\ Puhdm ^xjstonatd
Thursday, May 15, 1941
fiagiL S-Spcf^
Boilermakers, Minnesota (^reek Track Meet Starts Today At 4
Open Series Tomorrow Given new hope by their twin victories over Northwestern, the Riveters will move on today to Minneapolis to continue their battle for a spot in the first division against Minnesota’s Gophers. The two-game series opens tomorrow with Don Blanken on the mound for the Riveters. In his last time out, Don handcuffed the hard-hitting Wildcats, allowing them only five safe-
ties in winning, 6-1.
Gophers In Fifth Place Minnesota has won four of its eight contests and is roosting in a fifth place tie with Ohio State. The Riveters are but a game behind this pair, thus a sweep of this series plus an Ohio State defeat would send Dutch Fehring’s men into the first division. Fehring has indicated that he will stick to the line-up which functioned so well in the conquests of Northwestern. This means that the infield will be Forrest McCaffrey at first, Harry McFerren at second. Captain Bud Fisher in his new post at short, and George Doherty at thiyd.
Sixteen Make Trip The following players will leave this morning at 11 o’clock for Minneapolis: Blanken, Byelene, Carson, Cook, Doherty, Emmert, Fisher, M. Gantz, Janisch, Leifheit, McAdams, McCaffrey, McFerren, Myers, Rawles and Young. The latest averages show that McFerren still is the team’s leading *^hitter with a mark of .400. The remainder of the varsity squad will engage the freshmen in games today, tomorrow and Saturday. Frank Danowski has been named the starting hurler in today’s clash, e.c.y.
in 1 WHITE PlLin BEIEH
It’s a white Palm Beach ^uit for all the warmer moments in a college man’s life. Cdol, light, washable— with fullback’s shoulders and polevaulter’s waist. At your clothier ^ -w ^75 —today. Pastels and deep tones. _L • # Palm Beach Evening Eormals(white jacket and black trousers), $20. Palm Beach ' Slacks, $5.50. And by the same summer wear specialists—the new Goodall Tropic Weight—top value in lightweight worsted suits, $25. GOODALL COMPANY • CINCINNATI
^PxtGan
'Prize Contest. See your clothier for details.
PALM BEACH SUITS See Our Large Selection lOOMAINSr. ^ \J CLOTHES SHOP INC.
Big Ten Track Luminaries Assemble At Minneapolis For Annual Outdoor Meets Beginning today, ten track teams from one of the nation’s leading athletic conferences, will converge upon the University of Minnesota campus for the annual Big Ten outdoor track and field meet, to be held tomorrow and Saturday. Representing the local campus. Coach Herman Phillips and an ambitious band of Riveter trackmen will embark upon ‘their long excursion at 10 o’clock this morhing.This year will be the first time in three decades fhat Minnesota has played host at a Big Ten
track meet.
Greek Athletes Gather To Wrest Crown From Betas; Card Lists Fifteen Events A second attempt to start the annual Inter-fratemity Track Meet will be made this afternoon at 4 o’clock in Ross-Ade Star dium. Although the sun was shining at post time yesterday, a series of showers previous to that time forced postponement of the affair. Fifteen events are included in the program, seven
of which are to be run off tonight.
Betas Defenders
Three Favorites Leading contenders for the conference crown now held by Michigan are Indiana and Ohio State, but once again, as they have for the past four years, the Wolverines are putting a powerful squad upon the field to stave off the threat to their title. Indiana is basing its hopes^of victory upon their triumph in the Big Ten indoor meet, in which they soundly beat the confident Michigan team, but this only boosts Ohio State’s chances, for the Buckeyes beat Indiana in a three-way outdoor meet, less than two weeks ago. Five Stars will form the spearhead of Indiana’s drive for the Big Ten cup, which several years ago used to spend considerable time on the Indiana campus. Roy Cochran, Campbell Kane, Archie Harris, Wayne Tolliver, and Fred Wilt will carry the burden that calls for individual superiority instead of team
balance. In direct contrast, Michigan boasts of a team that is based upon an even distribution of skill in all events, although the team does have its outstanding stars. Belays May Decide Meet If the Big Ten battle between Indiana, Michigan, and Ohio State hinges on the outcome of the mile and two mile relays, the finish will ’ certainly be close. Michigan’s mile relay quartet claims victories in the Butler and Illinois Relays and the conference indoor meet, but the Hoosiers and Ohio State offer a definite threat. Minnesota, defending champion in the event, has only George Franck and Bob Johnson from last year’s team. Michigan’s quartet ran a fine 3:18 race against Ohio State, two weeks ago. Indiana’s mark of 7:41 for the two mile relay, made in the Penn Relays, is tops in this event? j.d.f.
Now that Warm Weather Is Here, Drop in at "TOM'S" Foil a Cool, Refreshing Lunch. TOM'S RESTAURANT — JUST ACROSS FROM THE ARMORY —
Netters Engage Buckeye T^am This Afternoon Opening a road trip which will include contests with Ohio State, Indiana and Earlham, Coach Larry LaBree’s netters get under way against the favored Buckeyes this afternoon at Columbus. ^he Ohio team is one of the strongest in the (Conference, having recently whipped Northwestern, the defending champion. Their only loss was to the undefeated title-bound Michigan squad. Stettner Out Injury and illness have recently crept into the picture to complicate the Riveters in their week-end battles. Dick Stettner, currently playing in the number two slot, has had his knee placed in a cast and will see no action until Monday at the earliest and probably not then. Play Indiana Next Tomorrow, on the same courts, the Riveters will meet Indiana in what shapes up as a very good contest. The Hoosiers have not been too successful this spring, but the sight of a Boilermaker has never failed to arouse their competitive spirit. LaBree’s men have lost but one tilt in nine attempts, a very good record in any competition. As is the case with Ohio State, Michigan has proved to be the only hurdle too high to clear. A match with Earl-
The Betas are the current titleholders, and are expected to make a strong bid to retain their crown. They also won the indoor championship last year. Howard Wilkening, assistant track coach, is the official starter ^of the event, which will probably be scouted by Hermon Phillips, track mentor. He would like to discover a potential Kane, Rice or BiDy Brown in the bunch, but probably will be satisfied with a few promising, hard-working candidates for his’ cinder squad. Events Listed The events which .will be contested tonight are the 100 yard dash, mile run, 440 yard dash, 120 yard high hurdles, shot put, discus and pole vault. Tomorrow night at the same time, 4 o’clock, the meet will be wound up with the javelin, 220 yard dash, two mile run, 220 yard low hurdles, half mile run, broad jump, high jump and half mile relay, e.c.y. Dean McCarn . . . Counselor to Women, Northwestern University, will address women interested in being freshman counselors next year, this afternoon at 4 o’clock in Stanley Coulter Hall. The subject of Mrs. McCarn’s address will be, “What Counselors Can Do To Help Freshmen Women With Their Problems,” Jane Van Gorkom announced yesterday. j.f.z. ham, there, winds up the current road trip, but they hit the road again Monday for a skirmish with Chicago’s Maroons, e.c.y.
Sport Shirts for Athletes I (Armchair and Otherwise)
^^OUR old friend Arrow makes sport shirts good looking and comfortable, fine for lounging as well as for active sports. They haven’t any doodads or fiossy color scheme to distract you or others. The models include the in-or-outer type, short or long sleeves, button-front or pull-over. And believe it or not, you can get Arrow sport shirts in your exact collar size! Buy some today and get ready for the great outdoors. Cut and sewn sport shirts $2 up; knitted shirts $1 up.
ARROW SHIRTS
Get Your Style-Right Shirtsi— ARROW SHIRTS
at
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
-‘ri\
''i
%(pagiL ^ - 'SiowhaL
Thursday, Moy 15, 1941
fijuJtdwL £xpimaHL
Outstanding Soldiers Of University Corps Rewarded At Review Outstanding cadets o£ the University Reserve Officers Training Corps were rewarded Tuesday, at a Corps Day Review on the Intramural Field. Members of the senior class showing proficiency were awarded medals by the Reserve Officers Association. The seniors receiving medals were; Cadet Col. W. G. Meese, Peru; Cadet Col. L. E. Aull, Indianapolis; Cadet Col. B. W. Gibson, Buffalo, N. Y.; Cadet Col. W. A. Ward, Cincinnati, Ohio; Cadet CoL M. E. Keane, Chicago, 111.; and Cadet Col. J. R. Blackwell, Terre Haute. Special Awards .s The Sons of the American Revolution awarded medals to cadets in the Coi’ps for outstanding achievment in special fields. Cadet Captain B. S. Jackewicz, Calverton, Long Island, N. Y., received a medal for attaining the highest mark on the senior command examination. Cadet Second Lieutenant E. H. Smith, South Bend, received his medal for attaining the highest grade cn the junior command examination. Cadet R. W. Schoeff, chief of section of the section winning first place in the combined gun squad competition, was awarded a medal for his leadership. Cadet J. E. Schwager, Michigan City, received a medal for his work as chief of section of the section taking first place in the freshman gun squad competition, s.b.w. Frosh, Sophs... (Continued from page 1) Don Corp, Ralph Barnes, Paul Miller, Gifford Holden, William Walker, William Cassady, TJed Chapman and Bob Boydston. Eight junior senators will be chosen from the following candidates by the sophomores voting today: Agriculture—Sigurd Peterson, Felix West, Howard Diesslin, and Robert Zollman; Science—Ted Novey, Jane Ballard, Phyllis Scarff, and Harwood Armstrong; Pharmacy and Physical Education combined—J. H. Sandleben and Edward Hincks; Home Economics—Robert Glezen and Beverlee Raber. Mechanical Engineering — Tom Gardner, John Wilcox, Bob Wiegel, Kenneth Grant, and Jackson O’Connell; Electrical Engineering—Harry Smith, Tom Klausmeyer, and Robert Wilson; Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering combined— William Taylor, John Bruck, and A. D. Silva; Civil, Public Service Engineering and Industrial Educa- “ tion—R. H. Olson. The sixteen elected members will serve in the Senate next year as official student representatives of their schools and also as members of the seven varies committeas sponsored by the organization. They will assist the eight member senior \ and the eight member junior boards chosen two weeks ago from this year’s Senators. The Senate com-
Arm Announces Naval Playshop Members
To Hold Picnic Tonight
Reserve Commission Lists Still Incomplete List of names of men accepted for commissions in the Naval Reserve Engineering V department recently published in the Exponent is still incomplete, according to an announcement received yesterday by Prof. David L. Arm, acting director of personnel, from the Navy Department. The Navy letter carrying the information said in part: “The list is not yet complete of either Seniors or Juniors. As soon as these lists are finished, I shall be only too glad to send copies to Purdue. It should be known, however, that no applicant will be called for service in the draft until his application has been finally acted uppn, provided his local board is advised of the circumstances.” Prof. Arm urged that “any applicant, either junior or senior, who has not been notified of acceptance or refusal by the Navy Department, should see that his draft ^oard is advised in accordance with the above.” f.i.j. ASCE Will Hold Banquet Tonight At 6:30 In Union, G. T. Seabury To Speak The annual banquet of the American Society of Civil |]ngineers will be held tonight at 6:30 in room 361 of the Union. Both the University and Rose Poly chapters of the Indiana Section of ASCE have combined to hold this meeting. The national secretary of ASCE, George T. Seabury, wil be the guest speaker, and Professor R. B. Wiley, head of the Civil Engineering School, will present three awards in the form of two junior memberships to selected seniors. A third junior membership, sponsored by R. R. Brooks, Consulting Engineer and member of the Missouri State Highway Commission, will be awarded to the senior who has written the best term paper in highway engineering. The toastmaster for the occasion will be L. B. McCammon, president of the University ASCE chapter. Special entertainment has been planned by some of the members of the senior civil engineering class.
m.1.1.
Pharmacy Honorary Elects New Officers Pi chapter of Kappa Psi, honorary Pharmacy fraternity, recently held its annual election of officers. The following officers were elected for the coming year: president, Farver D. Smucker; vice-president, Theodore Chekouras; secretarytreasurer, Paul M. Scott; historian, George E. Paine.
mittees cover the following topics: elections, handbook, publicity, projects, lost and found, constitutions, and personnel, f.i.j.
th« Purdue Exponent
S«rvic« Dirwetory
• Frafewionel Risk Dental Clinic
Mt RAUL A. MSK M. LUrHUl A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK
4MI » IMtt SUa.
PhMM 5710
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1I9Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Hardware
If It's Hardware We Have It CjMallty MdM.—Lower Prleee Edgerfon Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We OellvDr
• School Supplioa DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
r LAFAYETTE ydhmjtoL LIBRARV ATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHOR c PER DAY - lOc MINIMU
• Jewelers R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. Ail makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work C F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779.
For Sent: Kuss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2 60 all night. Phone 2407.
Notices
Sophomore Military Students: All sophomores whose names appear on the 1941-42 advanced military course list and have signed the contract, must report to the Main Office of the Armory for a certificate. (6-18) —AYERS.
Scabbard and Blade: There will be a meeting at 7:16 p. m. Thursday, May 16, in room 263 of the Union for election of officers for next year. —li^ESE.
Horseback Riders: WAA points can be earned by horseback riding. Ten points will be given for each ride, although not over 100 points can be obtained in one season. In order to earn points, it is necessary to sign up in the saddle room of the Riding Stables. —REDWINE.
All Military Basic Student: Freshmen and sophomore uniforms must be turned in on X-hours beginning 2 p. m. May 13 for 3rd and 4th Regiments, and beginning 9 a. m. May 16th for Ist and 2nd Regiments. Batteries will be formed and instructions issued before taking uniforms to supply department. See-schedule posted on bulletin board in Armory. —BROWN.
W* Ar« Now Rettorinf iho VITAMIN Bi Content o# Our White Breads ts A,ystsst Whole MHieat Levels hy Using Fleischmann's Hi-Bi Yeast
K QUALITY BAKERY
Exponent Juniors: Candidates for senior positions see notice on office bulletin boUrd regarding pictures for election announcements. —ARCHIBALD.
Purdue Players will hold a picnic this evening. All those who intend to go and have not already signed up, should do so at the Playshop office in Fowler Hall by noon today. Food and entertainment will be furnished. Everyone who has worked in the Playshop activities this year, regardless of hours and membership in Players, is invited to attend. Transportation will also be furnished. The group will leave Fowler Hall at 5 o’clock, m.j.f. Prof. C. L Lovell ... of the School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering was elected Chairman of the Purdue Branch of the SPEE at a meeting on May 13. He succeeds Professor G. P. Springer. Mr. H. S. Dixon, School of Electrical Engineering, was elected Secretary.”
POMM: New members desiring keys contact me before Thursday, May 16. 6089. Price $1.60. —SULLIVAN.
I^ppa Delta Pi-Delia Rho Kappa: Picnic at Rosa Camp Thursday, May 16. Cars leaving from back of Education Building at 4:16 p. m. sharp. Rain or shine. AH actives of both organizations welcome. —NORQtJEST. Pistol Team: Banquet Thursday, May 22, in the old Chestnut room of Union at 6 p. m. Please sign up with Lt. Brown in the supply room of Armory. —SCHMIDT. Change of Schools: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the registrar’s office. —STONE.
Christian Student Fellowship: Election of officers at meeting Thursday, - May 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room 807 of Union. —LONG. Pi Tau Sigma; Plac^orders for 8 x 10 composite photo of sqjmor members of Pi Tau Sigma with Hanson, Grise, Woolverton or Wist by Friday noon. May 16. Price is 60 cents. —WIST.
AIChE Members: Those who intend to attend the Chicago meeting Monday, May 19, sign up and pay the $1.60 transportation cost in Professor Shreve’s office before Saturday. The group wfll leave the chemical and metallurgical engineering building at 5 a. m. Monday morning. —MASSEY.
AiChE Picnickers: Members who intend to go on'picnic sign list in the chemical engineering office before Tuesday, May 20. The picnic will be held Wednesday, May 21, at the fairgrounds. I —MASSEY. \
Student Senate Members: Come to office, and schedule the hours you can work at elections on Thursday, May 16. Come on Thursday whether you have signed up or not. —WALLEY.
Scriveners: All active members desiring to attend the annual banquet Saturday, May 17, must make reservations with Art McTaggart on or before Thursday evening. Call 61671 after 7 p. m. Wednesday or Thursday evening. No reservations will be accepted after Thursday. —McTAGGAET.
WAA Archers: Archery tournament will be at 4 p. m. every evening this week. All tourney shooting must be finished by Tuesday, May 20.
Seniors: Who would take ME 103 first semester, next year, call Bob, 61474, or George, 3761. —FREELAND.
Tau Beta Pi: Important meeting Thursday, May 16, at 7:30 p. m. in Union for election of officers. —MONTGOMERY. Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 8, 9, 10, 1941, are requested to make application before the end of the present year on the blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. —STONE.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting of junior members in the Exponent office at 2 p. m. Thursday, May 16. Meeting of juniors and seniors Friday, May 16, at 4 p, m. Room ot be announced. —McKEE.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Tickets for the honorary banquet sponsored by Tau Beta Pi can be obtained from Tom Stephens and R. S. Crog for 26 cents. Pledges of this semester and last semester may obtain theirs free. —ALEXANDER.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 20, in room 134 EE building P H, Reedy will speak on “Recording.” Everyone is invited. —FREED.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Time of initiation and election of officers changed to Monday, M^ 19, at 7 p. m. in the Chemistry Building. Be prepared to pay initiation fee. —ALEXANDER.
PI A Board Members: Collect personal belongings from PIA files before Monday, May 19 —FOX.
Senate Workers: Please come to the election desk duiing off hours May 16. —WALLY.
Purdue Players: Picnic party Thursday, May 15. Meet in Fowler Hall at 6 p. m. —ROBINSON.
Student Senate: Meeting of next year’s senior board in the Senate office, Thursday, May 15, at 4 p. m. —DISCS.
All Gold Peppers: Meet in the Sweet Shop at 4 p m Friday. Important—be there. —SCARFF.
Pi 'Tau Sigma: Formal initiation at 5 p m in the mechanical engineering building on Thursday, May 16. Banquet will follow at Lincoln Lodge at 6 :30 p m. Transportation for those not driving will be provided. —WIST.
WAA: Council meeting in council loom Thursday, May 15 at 4 p. m. —PIDGEON.
Reamers: Elections will be held at regular meeting Monday., May 19, at 7:16 ih room aOi of Union. All members please be present. —ridHLIN. Catalyst ^Club: Final picnic Monday, May 19. Sign list in Dr. Lovell’s office before noon Saturday, May 17. —YODER. Purdue Engineer: Junior and senior staff meeting Thumday, May 16, at 7:80“ in tBe Engineer office. Attendance of ek-senior staff appreciated. —HAWKINS. Fraternity Affairs Office Sophomores: Report at 4 p. m. every day for the remainder of semester. —JACOBSON. Fraternity Presidents: Council meeting on Thursday, May 16 at 6 p. m. at the Phi Kappa Sigma house. Important that all attend. Election of council officers will be held. ' —DOUGLAS. Purdue Wheelmen: Ride Siinday. May 18 at 2 :30._ Meet in front of Executive Building, Brin^ 25 cents for picnic* Everyone invited. —VANDERBILT. Fraternity Affairs Office: Petitions for junior jobs due Friday, May 16 at 6 p. m. Petitions for senior job due Sunday. May 18 at 6 p. m. —JACOBSON. Tau Beta Pi: Meeting for election postponed until Mond'ay, May 19. at 7 ;80 p. ^n. in Union. —MONTGOMESY.
See US Before You SELL Your USED BOOKS
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday evening. May 16 in room 261 of Union at 7 p. m. —caFfee.
For the
.3
omai
or a
^omai
Add to the Glory and Beauty of Spring Dances with Delightful Corsages A beautiful date, sweet music, and delightfully fragrant flowers, all blend to make a perfect evening, and you will have a fresh, fragrant corsage ordered from the . . . \ Cla)JLdL, J’lifuxL ShofL
527 Main Street
Phone 8451
Suiinmer school for those who want to graduate
—and those who think of summer school . . , think of the UNION CAFETERIA It’s cool downstairs in the Union . . , The Union is open all summer for the convenience of all Summer School Students. Make it a point to have the Union the center of your daily life. Coolf Quiet and Comfortable JhsL fiiwdusL TnsmufddL lAniofL The Corner of the Campus—Yet the fienter of Activities