^.
Attend Cfiristntef > Conyp Tcidiy
WShm ;:®»i
V^me 53, No. 82
West Lafayette, Ihdictna
'i'4~'
MNiifM''
Thursday, Decendser 18/ 1811
Lambert's Men
Levant To Play For PI A Dance Tomorrow At 9
Blanker), Riley, Tierney, Sprawl Stsr
Concert Choir directed by A. P. Stewart (inset)
Groups To Present
Last Convo of 1941 Tonight
Tonight the University Musical Organizations will present the final Convocation for Wofship of the year at 8 p.m. in the Music Hall. Under the direction, of Joseph M, Ragains, the University Orchestra will open the evening’s program with “Spirit of Christmas” a fantasia by Reibold. Following., this the orchestra will play excerpts from the ‘,‘Nutcracker Suite” by Tschaikowsky. This suite includes “Overture Miniature,” “Marche,” —
Senate Will Sponsor
Christmas Vacation
Trains For Students
“Dance des Mirlitone,” “Dance de la Fee-Dragee” and “Dance Russe Trepak.” Candle Lighted Processional ■ Thd University Choir of 250 voic^^^i .under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, will open the .second p^rt of the program with a speciaf c.andle-lig'hted processional. In this presentation the choir will form into six different groups and march down the aisles of the Music Hall to the stage. Following this, the choir will sing a group of seven Christmas carols, including “Joy.to the World,” “Hark the Herald Angels Sing,” and “The First
Noel.”
Audience To Sing Carols Part three of the program /will consist of the audience and the choir singing “0 Come, All Ye Faithful,” “While Shepherds Watched Their Flocks By Night,” and, “0, Little Town Of Bethlehem.” The convocation will be closed with the choir’s presentation of the Bach contata, “For Us A Child Is Born,” Joanne Lloyd will accompany the choir and Marvin Smith, tenor, William Rothenberger, baritone, Wil-
Joseph M. Ragains
University Announces Exam Books For Sale In
Special Christmas vacation trains, sponsored by the Student Senate, will leave the' Big Four station in Lafayette Saturday. There will be : special trains destined for Chicago, Cleveland, Buffalo and New York, The round trip fare to Chicago is .!54, to Cleveland $9.75,' to Buffalo $15.50 and to New York $25. The" train schedules are as follows: the Eastern trains will leave Lafayette at 12:45 p.m. GST' and ari’ive at Cleveland at 8:20 p.m. EST, at Buffalo at 11:35 p.m. EST and at New York at 8 a.m. EST Sunday. The Chicago train leaves Lafayette at 1 p.m. CST and arrives at Chicago at 3:40 p.m. CST. According to Dick Dibos, Senate president, there will be over 80,000 army men on furlough this Christmas and students are urged to buy their tickets as soon as possible in order, to be sure of getting seats on the holiday trains. ■ Identification coupons for round trip fares are cn sale at the University Book Store for the remainder of the week between 4 and 5:30 p.m. m.a.s.
Last in this seipester’s series weekly screen reviews will be held this aftei’noon in the Music Hall. Due to the success of the presentation, the feature will be continued ' next semester, it was announced by J. W. Ditamore, manager of the Music Hall, Next semester’s series will start on Jan; 29. ' The program for this afternoon’s review follows: “News of the Day,” 3:15 and 4:36 p. m., “Coffins on Wheels,” 3:23 and 4:44 p. m., “Shark Hunting,” 3:41 and 5:02 p. ra., “Mr. Duck Steps Out,” 3:50 and 5:11 p. m., “Thumbs Up Texas,” 3:58 and 5:19 p. m., “Yosemite the Magnificent,” ^:16 and ,5:37 p. m., and “Jan Garber hnd Orchesti’a,” 3:05, 4:26 and 5:47 p. m. “Goffins on Wheels” is a part of the “Crime D.Qesh’t Pay” series. “Thumbs up' Tf^as” is a March of Time feature, s.b.w.
PI A will hold its annual Christmas dance tomorrow evening in both ballrooms of the Union between the hours of nine and twelve. Phil Levant and his band • with their “sophisticated rhythms” will play for the dancers. The dance is to be semi-formal and corsages will be strictly forbidden, according to PI A Executive Board.
By .Jim Fra.scr . A visiting squad of U. C. L. A. players -was introduced to Indiana basketball last night and found the rough-house irtyfe of play to their liking. The result of the night’s activities was countless floor burns and a 38 to 27 victory for Piggy bert’s high-riding Boilermakers. Skill and finesse was thtowp out the north door of the Fieldhouse early in the first half as both teams entered into the catch-as-catch-can type of play with enthusiasm. DespiteJhe sloppy basketball that prevailed —— —• throughout the game, at times there were flashes of spectacular play by both teams to
look
Students in Defense
N ight School Cl asses
To Register Dec. 29
Regisfer^titffirfbr night claasesJu, defense trMnifig courses will be held in Michael Golden Shops on Monday evening, Dec. 29, Classes will open during the first week in January for the second quarter of the program, which was begun last fall. The elementary course now being offered will be repeated for those who are interested, and will be followed by a course in physical metallurgy. More than 375 men and women are now enrolled in the tuition-free courses in various branches of engineering, science and management. The program, which is j presented by the University under the auspices of the U. S. Office of Education, will be intensified during the coming month.s to meet the urgent need for skilled men in defen.se industries, s.b.
This is the second dance'of a series of four evening dances sponsored by PIA for its members. PIA members and their dates •will be admitted oh presentation of their membership cards and passports. Admission for non-members will be .$1.10 per couple. Levant Will Play Phil Levant started his musical career as a violinist. He disappointed his family, who had plans for him becoming a Concert violinist, by joining a dance orchestra at the age of fifteen. At nineteen he organized his own band and began playing in Chicago theaters. The band is coming to the campus after engagements in the'Schroeder Hotel in Milwaukee, the Bismark Hotel and the Trianon ballroom- in Chicago. Levant is the compose’f 'S?' tfie Marquette , “Victory March” and “Afterglow.” Featured with his band will be Gloria Hart and Chick Nonda as vocalists. Decorations for the dance will be on the Christmas theme, built around the new PIA insignia as a background, j.d.s.
Will Interview Men For Reserve Today
Lt. Commander Bishop, United States , Naval Reserve officer, will
make the scrambling more like basketball.
Blanken, Riley, Tierney and Sprowl played outstanding ball fpr
the local five, while Gittler,
and Fryer managed to salvage smug
honor for the Bruins. Menke
Blanken had the Riveter backboard to themselves during the final half.
Sororities, Santa Give Needy Children Toys, Clothes At Dinner
interview and examine students in- Sprowl’s six baskets for 12^ points terested in becoming members of was good enough to take the scoirthe Naval Reseiwe today and to- i.ng honors for the night for the morrow in Chemical Engineering Boilermakers, but Hillis, a sub^^ Building. tute Bi'uin center, tied him for pa- , Those who register and pass the -dividual honors w^th five bask^s , physicaT examination will be divid- ^nd two free throws. ed into three classes. The first class Sprowl opened the scoring \yiih will be made up of January grad- a push shot from the corner aid uates, engineers and other students the Riveters took a lead who have successfully passed two never headed. Fryer, the Uclafi^^-r year's of mathematics, one year of ter, took over the scoring assi]^? chemistry, and one year of physics, ment for the visitors and mana^^ This group will be immediately en- to score six points before beiakpgrolled in class V-7, the engineering placed by Hillis, but the training school, if all requirements starting lineup of Bprowl, Tie^i^ are rpet, . Riley, Menke and, Blanken Second of Classes him with ten points beforefrud^k. Second of the throe classes will off to the bench. Caress, be composed of January graduates, Lawson and Krampe took engineers and students who will be s'weated the Bruins to a stahdp^B sent home on requested deferment and left for the locker room at from selective service pending en- t'uie with a 17 to 12 lead. ' j rollment in the next V-7 class to bo Sprowl and Blanken started toe called next May. second half off with two baskets lii Third group will include Juhe boost the count to 21 to 12 graduates, both engineers and non- Handelsman and Hillis counted:'vvito engineers, who will be granted de- a pair of Bi'uin ringers. It was dk ferment from the draft if they meet this point that Tierney pulled the necessary requirements. After defensive play of the night. Hillis graduation, however, they will bo intercepted a Boilermaker pass aitd enrolled in class V-7 either as cn- with Handlesman set out fOr to| gineers or deck officers. unprotected Riveter basket. Tierp^
Men who are accepted for tins training may apply for further
E.xamination booklets mimeo-
liam Morgan, tenor, and Alice Coe, graphed from last year’s finals are
contralto, will be soloists for the now on sale in cashier’s office of evening. The public is invited to at- the Executive Building for twenty-
tend this final Convocation of the five cents a set. These booklets are
year, d.w.o.
Prof. Lynn Robertson
associated with the Univer-
edited by the Student Senate in cooperation with the University. A list in the cashier’s office gives the exact courses contained in each set of finals. Four of the twelve
OnsL Wak, Qip, JhidL. (ObsL
sity farm management department are not yet available. These
include: junior and senior civil engineers; junior and senior public service engineers; freshman and
will bo in Louisville, Kentucky, on Dec. 19, to attend the Farm arid
Home Improvement contest banquet sophomore pharmacy; and all phy-
“Clean Plate” campaign sponsored by Herbert Hoover, Food Administrator, was begun and rated a lead story. Freshmen workers distributed cards in class rooms which all students signed, pledging themselves to aid in the, cause to stop waste of food.
By Correspondence
sponsored by the Journal Courier sical education students.
and Louisville Times.
AWS $ponsors Party Today For Town Girls
Booklets which can be bought now are the following groups: agriculture and forestry fi'eshman and sophomores; freshman engineers; sophomore engineers; junior and senior chemical engineers; junior and senior electrical engineers;
Letters from boys ut the front described their first reactions to actual war. One lad proudly wrote back that he had one of the first eight shells that were fired into the German lines.
This afternoon at 4 p.m. AWS Junior and senior mechanical engi room 830 of the Union. All Univer-
. . , , , n. neers; freshmen and sophomore sity town girls and/those who live Home'economics students and junior
in private homes of fewer than three ^metallurgical engineers,
girls are invited to attend. The informal program will fol-
low the Christmas theme, and the
d.c.p.
entertainment will include a jitterbug contest. Refreshments will be ^rved, Becky Ann Pervine is chairman of the program committee which includes Betty Gray, Ruth Holden, Ruth Frier, Lois Banger, Mary Larsen, Bonnie Swope, Sara Andrews and Mary Ann Click, s.b.
Agronomy Students Invited To Compete For Ceres Awards
Boxes were placed in each engineering building for students to drop money in. The money was to be used to purchase Wool so that the wives of faculty men could knit “sweaters, helmets and wristlets” for University men drafted at Camp Taylor.
Late News Flash
Japanese forces invaded Timor, a Pprtugese island 350 mile.s north of Australia last night. The Portugese cabinet met in extraordinary session to discuss its official response. It whs also reported that .Japanese forces had occupied the Portugese base, Macao in China.
All students interested in agronomy are eligible to compete in the anriual Ceres essay contest. Essay.s‘ will be accepted until January 12 and may be turned in at the office of Prof. F. E. Robbins. Subject of the essays should be on some agronomy subject and
“The Military Column” published daily and ran, with a row of four wavering fiags flying across the top of the column head was packed full of military orders and instructions to students and faculty.
around 1500 words in length. The conte.stants arc divided into two divisions, the freshman group and one composed of upperclassmen. Prize.s of a silver cup and a bronze metal will be awarded to first and .second winners in each grou]), respectively, r.w.b.
A special election of the Exponent staff was held to get officers for the vacancies created by the draft. . A former University student at an aviation camp wrote: “This is some aviation c’dinp. Look up any time and see aeroplanes flying around over our heads. One fell this morning but did not kill the pilot, but broke the aeroplane all to pieces.” r.w.h.
Beginning the second semester, the Univei'sity will offer correspondence courses to high school students throughout the . state. These courses, which begin January 6, will be conducted by the University’s correspondence study . with the cooperation of the high schools of Indiana and they will supplement the regular high school curricula. Courses are designed to give stu-, dents an opportunity to take courses not offered in their high schools because of its limited scope or small size. Many students from such high schools are denied admission to the University " because they lack the necessary' requirements needed for e n trance into the engineering s c h 0 o I s. These correspondence Courses are designed to help these students remove their deficiencies. Coui’ses in advanced algebra, solid geometry, effective writing, elementary Spanish and mechanical drawing will be offered at first and others will be added later. All courses are prepared and administered by members of the University staff, assisted by a select group of high school teachers.
Last Tuesday afternoon Alpha Chi Omega, Kappa Alpha Theta, Phi Mu, and Pi Beta Phi sororities entertairiccK thirty needy cliildren in the East Faculty lounge of the Union from 5 to 7 p.m. The children ranged from three to ten years of age and were all frOm Lafayette. During the course of the aftei--noon Santa Claus appeared and presented each child with a sweater, cap, arid mittens besides games and toys. Later in the evening the Student Union gave an informal dinner consisting of fruits, sandwiches, candy, cookies and cream chicken. After the party several girls took the children home. Panhellenic bought the clothes while the money contributed by students at the “Needy Children’s Tea Dance” paid for the dinner. The committee in charge was: general chairman, Jeannette Haynes; cloth-, ing, Sylvia Pittman; toys, Shirley ■Whiteman and Ann Bradley; transportation, June Kuntz. d.c.p.
specialized training in diesel engi-
them and tied up the frustratffl pair for a jump ball. Not satisffed
..... ^ Tierney then p\all«5dneering, aeronautics or some other „ , t
" “sleeper that was good for a has*
branch of engineering.
Ail men interested in this phase of national defense training may sign up in the personnel office in the Executive Building, d.c.b.
Delta Chi
... social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Robert E. Kline, president; Williarii R. Feik, vice-president; Leonard J. Bruelchner, secretary; James R. Austgen, treasurer; Robert E. Mangum, cori'esponding secretary; John. A. Clouser, sheriff.
ket on a perfect pass from Rileys By this time, baskets by Blaitotor Sprowl and Tierney had hosed tfie score up to 29 to 19, so the fiJSt team was taken out. From this ppihk to the final gmr, play became evto rougher. Menke was tossed out pit (Continued on page 4)
Exponent Stcdfl
Christmas party Friday frott 4 to 6 in the reception room ol toh Union; —^Trangott
University Choir, Founded In ^ Boasts Personnel Of 250 Voieij
Dr. Monroe McCown
. . . extension horticulturist, will speak before the weekly meeting of the Thomas Say Entomologist Society tonight at 7:30. Dr. McCown ■will give an illustrated lecture on the apple industry. The meeting is to be held in Agricultural Hall.
Agricultural Chemists Visit With D. M. Doty
Dr. EC. Young
... connected with the University farm management department, will attend the annual meeting of the American Farm Economic Association to be held in New York City from Dec. 25 to Jan.l.
■Visiting on the campUs recently were T. IT. Hopper, Agricultural chemist, director of U. S. Regional Soybean Laboratory and J. L. Carter, in charge of the agronomic division of the laboratory. Hopper conferred with Dr. D. M. Doty, acting head of agricultural chemistry department, while Garter discussed current soybean problems with Prof. G. H. Cutler, agronomist, g.w.s.
" By M. E. McHaffie The white-robed, 250-voiced Uni■ver^ity Choir, which will take part in the Christinas Convo tonight in the Music Hall, has grown since its founding, from a small group of students who got together to sing just for the fun of it to as finished a group of singers as will be found on any campus. In 1891, the first year of their activity, they called themselves the “Chapel Choir,” but were forced to disband at the end of the year because of a great deal of criticism of their activities and the songs they sang. Appeared In 1904 Music again made its appearance on the campus in 1904 when the first University Glee Club made its initial bow to the public under the direction of a woman conductor. By 1910 the organization had changed hands, and was directed by E. J. Wotawa, who, in 1910, compose:
the University alma mater, i ■‘W Purdue.” The Glee Club gained its ' official recognition in 1926, it placed among the first fot^^ |ii the Inter-Collegiate Glee Club toacert. This success was reptoVed during the next few years. ’ ‘ Local interest in music grewtil 1933, when the University fto: ognized it as an activity first time and appointed Alhd|| j|, Stewart as director of rausic^ ^ tivities on the campus. Choral Society Formed in ’33 : In 1933 a choir called the Society,*” including three tohundred members, was hearsals were held in the first floor lecture room of the Electrltol gineering Building, the only yld large enough to hold too group at that time. A girls’ glee clph was aJ(|o'|au ed the same yey.', but was to break up because : . weren’t enough coedi| to W^' activities. '
■■‘iM
ii
mPurdue Exponent
Thursday, December 18, 194l{
’'tv-' ^11
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Southerners Ask Lone Negro Congressman To Speak For Race Washington, Dec. 17—There was a stirring uni’ecorded incident pre* ceding the speedy vote for war against Germany and Italy by the House of Representatives. It was a dramatic illustration of the kind Of national unity that should prevail throughout the nation in these critical days. Ail hour before the House met td vote on the war resolutions, three southern and one western congressmen decided' to' obtain time for- a speech by the lone Negro meniber of Congress—digiiifled' ftepres'ehtative Arthur Milchcll of niihOis. The three southerners were Representatives Bayard Clark and Carl Durham of North Carolina, and Carl Vinfeon of Georgia. The westeper was ’Reprcscntative Orville Zimmerman of Missouri. Durham initiated the idea while talking to colleagues about the earlier Congressional debate ■ oh the declaration of war against Japan, ' ‘■There was one thing wrong,” .said the North Carolina Congressman. ‘‘Spokesman from all sections and'erceds spoke, but Arthur Mitchell was not called oh. National unity should mean ',,\nity of all Americans r{^aj;4}^S„pf,,T^l.ig’i.Qh, polpr„.se.x or
party. American Negroes are fighting in this war for their country like everyone else. I think Mitchell, whom we all respect, should have been asked to speak.” “You are absolutely i’ i g h t,” echoed Clark also of North Carolina. “Yes,” said Missouri’s Zimmermany ‘^and I propose we do something about it. Let’s make sure that Mitchell is called oh today.” ZimiUerman immediately got Jn touch with Vinson of Georgia, Chairman of the ' N'dval' Affairs Committee, who enthusJaiSticany apprnved the proposal and volunteered to speak to Mitchell abdiit it. Beaming with pleasure, the Negro C o n g r e s s m a n said he would be very happy to make a speech. “That will be easy for me,” he said. “I’ve been a strong supporter of the President’s foreign policies all along.” At the last moment, however, the plan was abandoned. For propaganda purposes in Europe, in view of the grandstand staging by Hitler and Mussolini in declaring war against the U. S., government leaders decided to act on the war resolutions without any discussion. Speculafion On Th^ Philippines Ten years ago in. the Army War College, the basic principle regarding war in the Pneifle was surrender of the Philippines after about thii'ty days of battle. It Was estimated that Corregidor, the fortress outside Manila, could hold out for several months, if necessary,’ but the rest of the Islands would be taken by the Japanese. In the last two Vears, however,*■ thanks to a -Philiijpine army 'attd the assiduous labors of General MacArthhi-, the situation has improved considerably. Ahd it was estimated that the Philippines had'a fair chance to hold out much longer—perhaps indefinitely. However; the attack , at Hawaii has changed the situation. The injury to the fleet at Pearl Harbor may mean .not only that no U. S. ships could go to the rescue Of the Philippine.s^ but also that it would be dift’icult to convoy ammunition to be’eaguered Manila. .Furthermore,, it .would be diffi-r.
Mue Exponent ; :Eh't«rcd as siecoild class matter at th.e past office. {h ,LafByctte,:.AndiSna, under; the .act of Congress of March: 8, .1879, and. at the special rale of postage provided: for'in.sectioh 1108; aCi of Octdher 3. 1917. atithqrized January 20. 1922. Published daily cxc'Cpt Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Scssioil. Delivered locally hy carrier for $3.60 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Editor-in-Chief News Editor... Managing Editor.... Bmincss Manager..
....Ned A. Ochiltree ...John L. Traugott ..Leland W. RufFner ....DonSiPowera
cult to get new airplane reinforce* ments to MacArthuh because the islahd stepping stdttes uf GiiAm, Wake and Midway are in jeopardy. Therefore the American public should reconcile itself to the possibility of the eventual fall of the .Phiiippines, when MacArthuv’s supplies of ammunition and airplanes are exhausted. This Would not be a major calamity, since American naval forces can always base bn Singapore and the Dutch East Indies. But it would be a big blow to American prestige. Furthermore it would remove the Philippines as a basP for harassing Japanese troop ships en route to the major wat'. theater—Singapbi‘e: Note: Much moi-e important effect of the Hawaii raid was that it could diminish Japanese fear of attack from us. As a result the Japanese would need to keep few warships to guard their home shbyes; could send them down to the south Pacific.
With, the draft age now anywhere between 18 >and 64 years of age, we can think of all the letters going through the mails, such as— Dear Grandpa^-' Fye been drafted and I’m going tb camp, . Answet-^' Dear Grahdsori-^^ Sb have I, see you in camp! With the present registration about to take plftce, the administration expects 40,000,000 men to sign up fbr the national lottery. The odds of being drafted seem to be less than the odds bn Louis in his next fight, the Yanks in the American League next year,. or—Roosevelt in ’44.
Song. “We Don’t Hnow Where We’re Going, But We’ie Going!” It’s not the army life,'it’s not the food, it’s not' the drilling, it’s not the top-sergea^it—that we’re going to dislike when we get. oui- khaki uniforms, but we figured, up that with 10)000,000 men/in camps' and ■ only about 100,000 nurses—what a ratio! Now that we’re/ really in this thing, It ’ Seems ■ kinda queer that we’re fighting' agaihst : one bunch of the Wliite race ah'd with another; We’re fighting against dfie part' of the Yellow race and with another; we’re fighting against one form of diet'atbrship'an'dwith'aribthbrtVciYe fighting vagainst bhe part-”of tlife Negrb race- ahd > with' ‘anbtheiv ■ Wb finally 'understand ■Why' thie- afitiy uses’red and'blub to divide the’atrify on ’m‘ffrt6iivdrB’'this'suftnner.V:Oht'-'6'ft the'bfittle'field you have to khbw yoiiE- coIorsi'.-rvt«ev-<.^<
Letter to Editor Dear Business Manager: After three and a half years at this school, I’m glad to hear that the Exponent has become an afternoon paper. Is the competition of the Chicago “TiTb” and the new Chicago “Sun” too great? Now if you can convince'the University to start classes at 2 p.m. everything Would be fine. I’m superstitious like my grandfather—I hate to work any week with a Tuesday in it. It must be' that the Exponent presses and carriers feel the., same way. A. D. S» i‘:
-STARTS TODAY--2 FIRST RUN HITS Gun Moll Without MerCyl' v
SEE .DEBRIS NEVl’S ON PAGE ]
ALBERT’S LOAN OFFICE
WHERE YW CAN
• SHOP-'WISE •
PAY GASH
AND PAY LESS!
• Leather Wallots
.95c
, • Men’s Initial Ring -
...$2,95
• Birthstnilc Ring .... .
...$L95
• Diamond
Combinations
.$12.95
• Suit Cases
...S1.29
• Guitars
....§6,95
• Sterling Rings
....S1.95
9 Blonde Guitar ........
..$10.95
• Dresser Sets
...S1.95
• Cameo Rings
..,$2.95
• Liunting Knives
95c
® Overnight Bag
..$8,95
^ * Pocket Knives
50c
• Com pats ..
..$1.95
• Compacts
..$1.95
• Dresser Sets
.:$7.95
o Expansion Watch
Braccllcts
..$3.25
• Heart Lockets
....$2.95
• 3-Diamond Wedding
• Ladies’ Diamond
Ring
o Field Glasses
.:$3.95
9 Watch Chains ....... ..
95c
• Cameras
..$1.95
BARGAINS IN
GOOD USED articles
• Elgin Watches
..,$3.95
• d’rumpet
$17.95
• Trombone
$19.95
• Waltham Watches ...
.:$8.95
• Boy’s Bicvolc
$11.95
• Biilova Watches .......
.$14.95
9 Bcllrus Watches
$12.95
• Univex Cameral
..$8.95
• SHOP WISELY NOW! •
ALBERT'S
LOAN OFFICE
Pawnbroker and Jeweler
407 Columljia St
CD
CABAMA"
(leieco>icde ytuiA llaimoom uutk an Znckanimcf^ Set Five, enchanting colors really to beautify your bathroom. Jade, Maize Azure, Peach, Rose.
I^ew^ MClicked Set
Towel Shop, Street Floor
Bath Towel
Size 22x44
39c
Face Towel
Size 16x27
29c
Wash Cloth
Size 12x12
ISc
tiiAM - ^
Now that we are fighting in every' continent but our own,, we ha,ve decided on the national draftee theme
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR: LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD RISK -^DENTISTS.... 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. ; . Lafaye*ie
GOOD PRlNiriNG r gj, '■ ■■ PAINLESS PRICES Style |.e$s Katie's Print Shop^^ “ 401 tstr" • '
^ Ilnerythmg fqr « College Education - ^ DEAC'S
t . V- t I .
f I ., |i I i I
S';- r/” iT' v ^
SUPER, MARKET: 7.20 Northwestern Aye,
demils' j.,, _
'FtiineM
NEAL • COLES <Bt0RE
Ptl^Sl'-
A Whirllvlnd *61 ’SVlWin^' Action! Tliy JGr&htisdh''bf RIN TIN TIN ''-'VihEIi 'NOLP LAW OF THE WOLF OENFliSi M50Rr““^ "'
wmmfue
tf
..I'i
if'
't-■
-t ? )
fejv-! It >1 V l^xiauftf , 1^ Ten Cager$ impressive
» 1 f
Pretseason pfetlictions of a genilnfpi’iJvId odrifd'ren'de conliJe'titidfl &t6 beihg bbliie out ill the gaiues played thus far by the varfoltt^fe sehdols'l'ft tb4 Pig feu. fliough tHe febhies have tidt ahtrays lesUlted in vicioi'y fob the conference t'eains thei'e is an indication of all ifej*buttd' inttifovement. Seryke TdftAts MAke It Tough One'of the reasons for the losses home' of 'tWj teams have sustained i^’ t^ vj^j^esjeji’ee of several very si^otig.s^^vide teams. Because of Ihe present emergency, many outstanding athlete^ ,h5^v^ aiisW^tSd the call to the colors. Certain Army posts, and Naval stations have accumulated more than ^ their share of th^se stars, and it is possible iJiat these teams rha^ pr'oVe to be a thorn in the side oi' home of the midtvestern court tSdnig,' „ Outside ^of the'lo’s'hes to service teams, the variou'S "Big Ten squads have shown that theii hav'4' a lot on the ball. The’gtedteht'Interest in this area is of Course iK the Indiana team. In tiidiV gahies so far the Hb^sier^' have demonstrated that thd^^'liaye hot'been' crippled by graddatioh. They lost a close one to the sailors from Great Lakes, but they botirited back' last Monday night to swakp the Nebraska coinhuskers. Ohio State, led by Dick Fishei has power to burn. They are th'e only te^m- td haye beaten the sailors this year, ahd last Saturday night defeated a strong Kentucky five’. Minnes'ota’s Golden Gopheis, one of the big surprises of last season, hayi^'a Bonvincing Victory* oVbr
NbHh Dakota State to thbir ciedit. This team of giants has thiee top point ifiakeis Smith, Carlson and Lind that Vvill give the other conference teams plenty of headaches. Wisconsin’s defending champions have a strong team again in spite of the loss of Gene Englund. In their 43-36 victory over the Irish of Notre Dame the Badgers were paced by Kotz who garnered twenty points and Scott with ten more. Illinois has a sophomore team that looks good right novr and* should improve with mOre competition. Ah dll star Ghahute Field five listing ex-Big Ten stars Bob Menke and Johnny Hapae edged them out by only' two points. ” Northtvektern’^ Wildcats have alsd‘taken' a step up the ladder of improvement. ^'Paced' by Otto Gtaham, who Was, a sophomore sensation in football, the Wildcats defeated a tough Butler five by a score of 46-40. Graham with sixteen'pofnts, showed that he will be a man to watch this season. Not much is kriown about the strength of lowa^s Hawkeyes, but their 52-^ 31 tiiumph over Washington U. indicated that they will not be any conference weak sislei. Iri Satur(day’s ganle thh Hawkeyes were le'd by Cliapman with fifteen and Kuhl with ten points, e.l k
X /^VJ. s
Naval fnvaskm T^mwtmr
Nigiif
.■Tit?'?
t’bursdayy December 18; 1941
the Sports Gestapo By phil jdhnson Editor’b Note Don Powers, business manager of the Exponent tosscct his Bnancial woiiics to the winds last night and decided to take ovti the GestapO for a day
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK ehone, 56214
Now that we have been assured by Doctor Elliott, himself, that we will not be called to the army until we have received our orders of induction, Ave can go back to the relatively exciting pastime of watching the Boilermaker quintet run up an impressive pre-season record before entering the tougher competition furnished by the Big-Nine. This preseason lecord should receive its severest stiain Fiiday night when the Riveters tangle with the boys from the Great Lakes Naval Training Station. This team, which is led by two former Indiana stars, lacks only__ the fighting spirit to develop into a great squad. They suffered defeat only once this year which was by Ohio State. ^ Conspicuous By Absence Noticeably absent last night was the color usually afforded by the party parades dining the half-time inteimission of pre-season games. Now that the campus has settled down to the idea that this year the prom and gala week committees will be chosen by appointment rather than the coloiful elections of the past, I 'wonder what ineans will be found to build up the advance publicity and to maintain the prestige of prom as a suciai function. Ri*' In Stride Hats off to the squad that succeeded in dispelling the feais expressed in this column yesterday morning. Purdue displayed last night the kind of stuff that will make them the class of the Big-Nine this year. The offensive ability of Mickey Tierney and Frosty Sprowl Combined with the stiff defensive play of Don Blanken and Bob Riley should ptove the deciding factoi for Piggy’s next championship squad. Especially impressive last evening was the defensive woik of Don Blanken and Bob Riley as the Boileimakeis came out on the long end of the scoie over U. C. L A 38 to 27 The “Biawl” is ovci and ne now have space to venture foith with a Meiiy C}ii’istmas.
Tank Team Heads For Florida Todaf Tank Meet Honors Pap^nguth, 13 Squad Members Copped By Ward 3 Pfan Rigorous Training Period
Ward 3 was victorious in the Ward Swimming Meet, h^ld Tuesday in the Fieldhouse pool, by taking 16 points. They were closely pressed by Ward 4 who racked up ten points in clinching the lunnerup position. Holderman of Ward 3 was the outstanding man of the evening taking two firsts and tine second in leading his team to victory. Heidke paced Ward 4 by winning first in two events. Both of these men promise to be strong contenders for berths on the campus All-Star team. The summary: 100 Yd Free Style, Holderman, Ward 3, Hady, Ward 9, time 1 04 4 100 yd. breast stroke, Heidke, Ward 4, Barnard, Ward 3. Time 1*04 7 30 yd. free style, Heidke, Ward 4, Holderman, Ward 3 Time 27 8 220 yd free style. Mills, Ward 14, Had>, Ward 9 Time 2:45 7. ' Diving, Holderman, Waid 3 HEADING FOR HOME? Start right and easy' Send yout luggage round-tnp by trusty, lowcost Railway Express, and take your tram with peace of mind.We pick-up and deliver, remember, at no extra charge within our regular vehicle limits in all cities and principal towns You merely phone XPRESS AOSNCV '^|||^ INC. NATION-WIDE KAIL-AIR SERVICE
Thirteen members of this year’s Riveter swimming squad, along with Coach Dick Papenguth will leave late this affeer-i noon for Fort Lauderdale, Florida, where the” Boilermakers will take part in the International Aquatic Forum opening Saturday and continuing through January 3. During this two weeks “vacation” the Riveter delegation will join with other collegiate teams from all over the country for an extensive training period in preparation for the forthcoming season. ( _____________________ Five Lettermen
Listed among those making- the trip are five of Papengnth’s majot lettermen, although the entire varsity squad will not make the trip. Five very promising- sophomore candidates and three minor letter-
men complete the party.
At Indianapolis pretty, blond Patty Aspinall, 15 year old national breast stroke champion will joiti
Riveters Face Strong Great Lakes Quintet In Tomorrow's Game Toinoriow night the Gieat Lakes Naval Tiaimng Station’s powerful
hardwood quintet will be gunning Riveter delegation atid take adfor its fourth victoiy in five staits vantage,of the training period to
when it opposes Piggy Lambert’s Boilermakei basketball squad in the
Fieldhouse One Defeat
Suffeiing a single defeat, at the hands of Ohio State, 40-36, the noithern squad boasts victories over Notie Dame and Indiana,
get in shape for the defense of her national indoor title. Papenguth has coached Patty since childhood and is largely responsible for the
young stai’s rise to fame. Heading the list of major letter-
men IS Captain Dick Kratzer, senior from Kenmore, Ne-w York, who
lated high in collegiate basketball, the state intercollegiate reo
both in Hoosierland and ovei the
conntiy.
The star-studded naval team will utilize the sei vices of foimei Cieam and Ciimson star Bill Menke, who for three yeais on the Blooming'■ ton sauad, was Branch MeCiacken’s potential threat to Boilermak-
01 d foi the 100 yaid free style event. Dick also has the distinction, of having been anchor man on the Rivetei relay team which placed fifth in the National AAU meet. Fled Hen, fiee style expert; Joe. Williamson, junioi AAU breast stioke champion; Andersoft7“
ei hardwood supiemacy. Menke sfi oker and Brenner, free style perwill oppose his youngei biothei, ^oimei fiom West Lafayette are Al, who will see action fiom the other major lettermen making
Riveter pivot position.
Ernie Andres, another foimer Hoosier playei and an^ All-Ameii-’’cdh rated ball playei, will also be in tomoriow’s line-up. Foiiest Anderson, a foimer Indiana high school stai at Gary, and West Coast ball-handling flash fiom Stanford University, will be anothei stumbling block in the success of Piggy Lambert’s basket-minded team. Despite the outcome of last night’s U. C. L. A. conflict, the Riveter mentor is thinking a lot about tomoirow’s contest and will un-
the tup.
The thiee minor lettermen are Horn of Foit Wayne in the free style splints; Kiueck, a middle distance man from New Haven and Tmgley, a bieast stroker from Oak Paik. Second yeai men scheduled to make the southern jaunt include Hazelwood in the middle distances; Snead and Snyder, both free style men; Soderhng, a bieast s-troker and Hansel in the distance events.
Eighteen Fordham athletes in 52 seasons of football have been
doubtedly have his hands full when chosen on recognized All-American the Navy comes to town d.e.b. teams.
tfm mp^^SUt tS^U
Belle-Sharmeer St(5ck|n|$ in her perfect fitting leg sizg^M- ^ 'You couldn’t please her more with diamonds in times like these, Belie-Sharmeer Stockings'^r^ pcceidUS jewels. More flattering in any fibre (longer lasting,, to<|)' beca.use they’re made in aaual leg siaes of her legs as well as their length. Ctolora aad SQrlw every wardrobe need are here exclusively in Imall legs, Moditt for middling, Duckgu '^ C/^ifJbr plump/ — Sl.lS.tlW THIEME & WANGERlfl eH. 622-626 Maiu Stretft /fhunday^ December,
PSf, a<u, tfe.'. .
Dear Sir:
Today 1 sat in on the ME 90 class
promises to be one of the building and saw a film on I^Piwmpus athletic programs in Production of tanks by the Chrysler rfeceht lyears will be run off the Corporation. The film was a tribute '- after vacation when some i'lgonuity, and coopera-
tion of the American workmen and
SQUASH
Thursday* Dcc(*mber 18.
Courts • 1, 2, 8
. . ; eoutity agent, will attend the National .Defense Garden Conference with United States Departr ment of Agriculture Extension
Notices
7 :4f> 8 ;S0
jill'-Star Swimming Meet,
chosen to take part in this gala show are the fellows who placed ope two in the eight events of the Wal’d, fraternity and Cary Hall
hieets this fall.
Fast Times
Phi Kappa
sl|it^:‘sWininiers. representing the .
bbst among all frateimityf, ward engineers who designed and built a
and Cary Hall men will fight it out 8'iant arsenal and started produc- 8:if, Wa.j 3 for toil honors in the first annual twenty-seven,ton tanks, all c„„rt 2 ^
Those months. It gave me a -J® ^Ph.^ «n^,v swell feeling* inside to think of the 8:15 Ward io vs Ward 2<J
enormous power our counti'y has court
when our vast resources are used 1 ii’i Kappa Sisma vs Pi Kappu Phi , , , , , , . 8 ■•00 Ward 27 vs Ward 21
to the best advantage—when Amer-
icans are put to the test.
Science Seniord: 'Graduating in January
ment 01 Agriculture jCiXtension are asked to call, at Dean Enders Office,
I hi Ivappn 'I^au vs Sigma Nu _ vonvoaen+ntivoe in Wnsh Coulter Hail at their earliest convenience. Phi Gnmitia Delta va Beta Siffma Psi beivice repiesentatives in wasn- —enders
Delta Tau Delta vs Phi Delta Theta; q fj-om DcC. 17 tO DeC.
" 21.
Marriage Course: Meet Thursday, Dd- Independent Studenfs: ■ FIA, tndmbtirshipa edmber 18, instead of Ifriday, Uec.. 19, at may be obtained at'the PlA. fWtiiip Ssifciy regular time to hear Dr. Rice. , evening this Week ffbbi A'to(6'.'8flii aJSCFl'i'' —BENNETT day evening before; the■dande.;r-t}0|llB Thomas Say Entomological Society: There Agriculturist Business SfaR':'Fiiidi'meetwill be a meeting qh Thursday, Dec. 18, at ing for January . issue : Thursday;'at- ^:80 7:30 p. m. in’ Agricultural Hall. p.m. in Agriculturist Office. Bring aua, ’nnd —-CLARK collections. V ■ .i; ; -r-F ■?
BASKETBALL'
Thursday, December 18
Court 1
8:00 Ward 26 vs Ward 31
vs Ward 36
Classified Ads
Today I walked by a Pigg^y-Wig-
. , , a'ly store and saw the picket slowly " walking back and forth, advertising
the complaint that the Piggl'y.-Wig-gly stores are “unfair tb the Retail Stoi-e Clerks Union, local No. so-and-so.” Is this “putting forth our
of these swimmers in the past bears any, weight, the nieet on January 8 should really be soniething to yvatch. In the ward competition
,carlier this week, a fellow by the utmost effort for national defense ?” pame of Heidke swam the 100 yard picketing seems to me to be breast stroke in the fast time of potatoes, considering ^.04.7. situation our country is in toy llobinson of Theta Tau will be day. One look at this picket ceranother fellow to watch because of tainly changed my ideas of patriot-
his outstanding swimining in the ism in a hurry,
fraternity meet. In the 100 yard Harry W. Kellar, Ch.E.’43
free style event, he was clocked par :-p - • - • 1 ■RoIq TViot-j Pi and Parv ^ ^vondei if a picket latos Charles Harris; steward, Randall
at.; 58.1. Beta Theta Pi and Cary „
Hall 14 have turned in almost, iden-
8:15 Ward .G vh Ward
RafTcrty Court 4
7:00 Ward n v.s. Ward 21 7:15 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Alpha Gamma
Rho
8:00 Ward 25 vs Ward 80 8:15 Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Gamma Delta
• Nuelzel
Pi Kappa Phi Frafernity Elects Semester Officers Pi Kappa Phi, social fraternity, held election of officers for the second semester. The men elected are: president, Robert Swaim; treasui’er, Richard Young; secretary, Hugh McIntyre; historian, Allan Reynolds; chaplain, George Bennett; warden, Garl Shedrick; bookkeeper.
Typewriters-^Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, ropaircid, and purchased. Minieograph work done. C. ,J. Ebershoff, 605 Main,
Lafayette. Phone 2779. ,
Exponent Carriers Wanted: Must have bicycle or car. Apply Exponent office, 4:155:30 p. m. • For Rent: V' room. Warm. Across from Union. $10. 4qT State Street. Lost: A high school ring with Engle-' wood written on the side. Reward. Stephen
Siegel, telephone 7l901.
Purdue Gymnastic . Club: Members ni'e askbd to pay their dues for Nov. and Diic. at the office of Dr. Eastwood, Room 110 ett the Ficldhouse. —-POZER .Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the dlegistrar during the secondl semester registration. January 27 and 28, 1042, are requested to make application bcferoe Christmas on blanks to be obtained at the'Registrar’s office. Thosa with pre-, vious experience at registration or in other! clerical jobs are given preference.
—R. B. STONE
WAA Volley Ball: Prosh tryout either Thursday, Dec. 18, or Monday, Jan. 6. Anyone with two practices and one intramural game is eligible to tryout.
—BLAGRAVE
Chi Epsilon: All actives and pledges bo in the Old Chestnut room of the Union at 5:30 p. m. on Thur.sclay, Dec, 18. for formal initiation. Banquet will follow at 6 p. m. —FANT
Reamer Club: Basketball tickets may be obtained from me in Exponent office. Please get them before vacation. . —RUFFNER PIA: Orders for PIA pins which are in the office before Thursday.VDec, 18, at 6:30 p. m. may be filled by Christmas. We will have them sent to yOur homes COD so there will be no deposit required. Samples may be seen iii the PIA office and pficea range from $1.00 to $17.60. Glider Club: Important meeting at 7:16 p.m. tonight in room 304 of the Union. —CAFFEE
PINE BAR GRILL Parties — Our Speicalty 200 Columbia
.tical times in the Medley Relay, so the, All-Star meet should decide the best between these two.
Awards
Winners in each of the eight
events will be awarded certificate^ ment.
declaring them, to be campus champions. The honor will be similar to tbc all-star rating given to the best in‘basketball, touchball and other
intramural sports.
Murrill; and member of stewards’
committee, Edward Masline.
Delta Chi . Announcement of the pledging of
the following men was also made
. . social fraternity announces by Pi Kappa Phi: Karl Dettling, the pledging of Prof. H. Kenneth Fort Wayne; Paul Greenfield, DeCarmichael of the speech depart- catur. 111.; and William Kolacek,
Glen Ellyn, 111. p.s.
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — 119 Vi Northwestern Awe. Phone 4965
Uiveters Beat
(Continued from page 1) fouls aiicl many of the other players were close to the brink. Hillis continued to score consistently for the visitors, but baskets b.y Blanken, Tierney, Spi'owJ and Cai-ess more thafi' matched his efforts and the graie ended in a flurry of wild psS'scs.and spi'awling playeis. -The game summary; ' Turdue f.g. f.t. p.
8yt*cnvl -.... It «iikcTi ... Ti.rney 'Hoftwan .C'Krcs.5.,........ KiaDyic . ..
r, 0 8 8 0 0
1 1 0 1 0 0
1 1 0 0 1 1
Coniiiid 0 0 1 S '•Ji'fvtg':;. 0 0 3 Nv.;u!zcl; (I U 1 ' T&tals -- TO 6 1-1 , lA’ C- L. A. FG. FT. P. i'nrirf 0 0 0 Hxndicsraan 2 0 2 I'auovich 0 1 1 Fry of; 2 2 s Al’hulcr O' 1 1 Gitticr : 1 I 2. ]-ee 0 0 2 Hiili!'.... /pr 5 2 2 ISadclelcy P. 0 0 1 I'.'vry r o o, i H',11 0 0 0 Prdok.-i 0 0 0 , Totals 10 7 15 Phi Kappa Sigma social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Tom Grove, Dowagiac, Mich.; Bud Metz', Louisville, Ky.; John Dilley, Huntington; Bill VanDuzor, Aurora, 111.; Chuck Stearns, Chicago, 111.; Bob Platt; Winnetka, 111.; Ben Roodhouse, Jacksonville, 111.; Larry HowatJ, Palos Park, 111.; Bob Carlson, Detroit, Mich.; and Bill Ellerinan, Ilimtington.
Everyone is Clothes Conscious
around about the Holidays • . . . . .
RIGHT NOW let us clean and press your suit and overcoat. . .
clean and block your hat too.
Laueidby
• Southworth’s
Always clean and free from goo matter how often you smoke it. Challenging higherpriced pipes in briar quality and value. WM. DEMUTH&CO..N.Y. HANDKERCHIEF TEST PROVES VITAL ZONE ALWAYS SPOTLESS 4^
HESSnnGUHRD miiiiEia
HiBDUEBODK&SIMVVICBE •oa-M tnn it««i Win W'WSTK no
All Students: Stevq Minton,, jiinlpr sdics manager of the Debris/, ailnoiinccd. ydstefday that copies of the'Debris';'hidy be'iiufchased for $4.60 until 4 :80 p7rti,:;.:to*«6rrow. The time limit has' been extended'for .the first time in Debris , history In, oidcF: to make it easier on the students''pOdItOtbooks. The Debris is for sate at the .West Desk of the Union, Debris,'Offico or af the booth located in front of the Sweet ShoB. , a—STEV^ ’■ NYA Workers: Checks for period .ending Deo. 7 are now available at the cashier's office in the Eexecutive BuU'V -HOLIilNBB iiii¥"riir ■ iir-ii
MAN TO MAN
1
No stuff and nonsense about this fine masculine gift^—calculated to cheer the man on Christmas dayl And to keep him feeling freshly groomed and smart as a whip for many days to come. He'll thank you gratefully—be you man- or woman-giver. Set includes Yardley's famous Hair Tonic, Invisible Talc, and After Shaving Lotion; Tardier producte for America are created In England and llnlahed in tha U.S.A. from the Original English Formulae, combining Importod and domestic Ingredients.
COSMETICS
STREET FLOOR
Tbr crisp, clttr tcfkaiocu (rom -* t«*uinr Nurre Mirror, would s«iul bone lo*cri into raptures of delight. oew pAucras lo Framed and Venciiaa uyle* ia a varMg of series sad vices, all of Ccauioe Plate Glass with
FREE BOOK
■f,
oio£Jb!L
Sweet Stuff... To steal her heart on Christmas morning-
She’ll "jjlant one on yo//” when she opens her GIFT BOX from Southworth’s on Christmas morning and discovers one of these lovely gifts . . . musical powder boxes . . . scented bath soap . . . colognes ... perfumes . . . and all shapes and sizes of charming, sparkling costume jewelry.
I'yilDUl BOOK S OOIW STOOE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE,' IND.
Downstairs gift shop
Southworth’s
ow much LIGI T is Enough? ‘
1 ■ Do you like to dine by candle* light? “That's okay!'' say lighting experts—especially for ceHain festive occasions. Candlelight has a warm glamour all its own—a glamour probably descended from the glow of ancient campfires.
2 a Homework is a different story I In fact, for close visual work like arithmetic or a geography lesson, you need the kind of light that you get from a certified I.E.S. study lamp, equipped •with at least a 100watt bulb.
3 a Reading a newspaper isn't child's play either. Science says you need three times as much light for reading your paper as for a well-printed book. Experts recommend one df the new 3-light I.E.S. floor lamps with a 100-200-300-watt lamp bulb.
4. Pounding a typewriter all day is no cinch but it's a lot easier under good lighting. 'Work goes faster—with fewer errors—and less eyestrain. New fluorescent lighting can supply as much as 50 footcandles. I ' ' ' ■ , How much light have you got for reading, sewing, studying at home . . . working at the office or in a store or factory? We'll be glad to make a, light meter survey and tell you, without cost or obhgation.
5 . Working at a lathe comes under the heading of really tough jobs— not only for clever fingers, buffer the eyes as well. Here you need all tha light you can get—as much as SO footcandles, now easily obtainable with the new fluorescent lighting.
What's more important, we can' suggest the right type of modern lighting for any seeing task—^and tell you how to get it at low cost. Phone for a free lighting survey today. No obhgation I
Tune In "THE HOUR OF CHARM” Sundays aj 9 P. M. — NBC Red Network'
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA, Inc.
•, ‘.j* ii \
I
I i
.Jt.