ft i .
kt /
EDITORrAL Discusses End Of Marriage Course
i .
43 •-
MERRY-GO-ROUNt
Discusses GOP
Li
Wrangling ^
Established 188d
Start What All Over?
Volume 56, No. 28
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, fuly t, t$48^
Navy, Marines Begin Induction Of Students At 8
Students To Attend <iraduating Seniors Students
In ROTC leave To Entertain
Ross Funeral At 2 President E. C. Elliott Names Active, Honorary Pallbearers Funeral services for David E. Ross, former President of the Board of Trustees and benefactor of the University, will be held this afternoon at the Central Presbyterian Church, Lafay-
ette, at 2 o’clock.
Those named as active pallbearers are as follows; Cadet Colonels Walter E. Rafert and Don R. Sutherland, Cadet Lt. Col. David C. Heckard, Cadet Major Jack M. Kelly, Robert ACUC Boswinkle, Joe Dawson, John I CcfiUfCd
Wiske, Donald Brewer, Jack Kimbrell and John Woolling.
Rev. Graham Pays Tribute To Coulter,
Y-7, V-7, V-12 Men To Meet At Cary Hall
For Fort Harrison Service Aten Young At Service
Honorary pallbearers are as follows: Members of the Board of Trustees, J. W. Noel, W. A. Hanley, Paul Sturn, A. E. Stuart, J. A. Hillenbrand, Louis Kuthenburg, J. E. Thompson and Dr. Kathryn Mc-
Hale.
University Staff Members University staff members named are Pres. Edward C. Elliott, Prof. In memory of David E. Ross, president of the Board of Trustees of the University since 1927 and a member of the Board since 1921, who died June 27, 1943, after a year’s illness, all operations of the University (including the Army and Navy training programs) will be suspended from 2 to 4 o’clock on the afternoon of Thursday, July 1, 1943. Edward C. Elliott, President P. C. Hqckema, Prof. R. B. Stewart, G. S. Meikle, Prof. F. I. Goldsmith, Prof. C. A. Coolidge, B. S. Swezy, Profs. R. G. Dukes, H. J. Reed, V. C. Freeman, A. A. Potter, W. A. Knapp, H. L. Bray, R. B. Wiley, D. D. Ewing, C. W. Beese, H. L. Solberg, M. L. Solberg, G. L. Jenkins, H. E. Enders, G. J. Mackey, Col. D. M. Beere, Comm. H. J. Bdrtley, T. R. Johnston. Governor Henry F. Schricker, George Ade and Call Boster of the housing research were among the 45 non-University men named as honorary pallbearers. I. U. President’s Statement H. B. Wells, President of Indiana University, sent the following statement to President Elliott yesterday in regard to David E. Ross’ death: “Indiana University mourns with its sister institution, Purdue University, in the passing of David E. Ross. The loss to Purdue is a loss to higher education throughout the state, for in his interest in Purdue, Mr. Ross pointed the way for a relationship between industry and education mutually beneficial and greatly to the advantage of all citizens of the state. Indiana, in its forwaid march, will need others like him to fulfill its destiny and to accomplish foi its people the full measures of its obligations. Moreover, David E. Ross demonstrated to the youth of the state the opportunity which exists for those who combine intelligence, ingenuity and hard work. The success which he attained in recent years and after he had passed his middle years was in itself evidence that the day of opportunity had not passed and never can be seized too late. His death is a loss of statewide magnitude. Reamer Club . . . announces the initiation o'f the following men: Dick Delong, Wally Hendry, Ray Smith, Wally Grube, and Jim Perille. An initiation banquet was held afterwards at whieh Prof. C. B. Murphy was the principal speaker. Penalty Days Friday, July 2 and Tuesday, July 6 are penalty days. A student who is absent from class on either of these two days will be assessed a fee of .$5.00 for each (lay or fraction there of missed.
Two Films At Open Meeting At an open meeting of ASME, held yesterday at 4 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building, two films dealing with air-craft construction and testing
were shown.
The first, “The Construction of a Light Aii’plane” followed through in some detail the steps involved in constructing and testing a light
plane.
Epecial attention was given to the assembly of the control system; thei'e were several close-ups of the control cables being attached to the ailei’ons, stablizers, and rudder. There were also shots of the shockabsorbing mechanism between the wheels, and shots showing the installation of the motor. The second, an 0PM film, dealt with bomber construction and testing. The showing of the films was followed by the election of officers. Army Puts Grad On Missing List Ensign Tom K. Parkison of Rensselaer is reported missing in action in the South Pacific theatre of war. He was a ’.38 graduate of the Agriculture School, and editor of the “Purdue Agriculturist’’ in his senior year. Pai'kison was serving as assistant county agent at Newcastle when he entered the services.
Twenty seniors in advanced ROTC left the campus yesterday morning after having completed the required curricula for graduation. LeaVing from the Big Four Station at 11 a. m. the group ariived in Indianapolis and were then transported to Fort Benjamin Harrison where they were given a 14 day furlough. Given Choice In accordance with a University ruling to the effect that all eight term seniors may receive degrees if eight weeks of the required curricula had been completed, seniors in advanced ROTC were given the choice of staying for the final eight week period or of leaving for camp according to a previous order affecting all senior military students. Fifty-five advanced ROTC students now remain on the campus and will graduate in August. Living in Cai-y Hall with AST students since the beginning of the semester, they will now stay in private homes and eat in the Union Building. Meals and room rent will be furnished as before by the army. Will Go To Perry Following their furlough, the 20 who left yesterday will be assigned to Camp Perry, Ohio, after reporting to Port Benjamin Harrison, and will then serve in a Casual Unit, a temporary assignment. For a period of two or three weeks while waiting for openings in the Officers Candidates Schools to which they will be assigned, the men will serve in the casual unit. Four To Ordnance Of the twenty, four will be assigned to officers training at the Aberdeen proving grounds for ordnance, while the remaining 16 will report to Fort Sill, Oklahoma, eventually, for training as field artillery officers. Charles H. Reed .. . has obtained a year’s leave of absence from his position as extension specialist in agricultui’aj engineering at the University to do special research work with the plywood industry on the uses of this product in wartime. He will reside in Tacoma, Washington. '
Union Will Serve 1500 Meals In Cafeteria Soon
By W. B. Wendell Service to “Students, faculty members and other regular customers of the Union Cafetei’ia and Coffee Shop will not be affected to any great extent by thh influx of armed service personnel at meal times,” said Vallely, manager, yesterday. “It is not expected, he said, “that the full complement of men will be taking meals at the Union for ten days or so, so that the management Will have time to iron out any problems which may arise. No Banquets To Be Scheduled “However, no banquets or din-' ners which have not already been scheduled ,will be served during the months of July and August,” he said. A total of 336 Marine Reserves will eat in the Union. Meals will be eaten in military formation, the men forming into lanks outside and then mai'ching in formation to the west cafeteria wheie they will be served. Kitchen Staff To Be Increased The Union now serves approximately 700 students and others each meal and with the new groups, of 336 Marines and approxiinateljMFTB Army personnel, the kitchen staff will be increased from 26 to 50 or so. In order to complete the seiving of all men in the hour period allotted, the late of ten men served per minute will have to be maintained, said
Vallely. There will be two lines and after eating the men will clear the tables themselves. Food By Army Methods Food foi the men will be obtained by Army procurement methods from “set aside” allotments, and will provide enough to serve service rations to the Marines and Sailors. It will be kept in separate storerooms and served by a staff of 25 additional helpei-s. When the Army and Navy programs aie under way the Union Cafeteria will be serving about 1,600 pel sons at each serving. Civilians now eat bieakfast between 7 and 9 or 9:30, lunch between 11 and 1 p. m., and supper between 6:30 and 7 p. m. ) Service Men’s Meal Times Meal times foi the service men will coincide closely with these times. Breakfast for the Army will begin at 6:50, and 7 for the Navy and Marines, while lunch will be served at 12 noon and supper at 6:30 for all service men. First to take advantage of the service men’s cafeteria will be the 56 advanced ROTC students while their lanks will be increased daily until the full complement of 700 men has arrived in a few weeks. “We use all local kitchen help,” said Vallely, “and do not import special cooks to prepare the meals, which we think everyone enjoys.”
Series of Saturday night entertainments for the benefit of service men on campus and civilians alike is being planned for the month of July. Each week a different organization will assume responsibility for seeing that a show gets on the road. According to tentative plans, on July 10 a full stage show of the most outstanding entertainers from Chicago’s night clubs will be held, in the Music Hall, 't'he program of eight acts will include famous entertainers and a name band. On account of this show the convo featuring Henry Scott, pianisthumorist, has been postponed from July 10 to July 23. Open-Air Dancing AWS on July 17 will ajd in the plans for an opening air dance on the tennis courts where eds and coeds may enjoy square dancing and other mix-up dances. That same night a dance for couples will be held in the Union, and a carnival for which qrganized groups, fraternity men, sororities, co-op houses and residence halls will each set up a booth will also be staged. According to Prof. H. K. Carmichael, Playshop will put on a special performance of “The Man Came To Dinner” on July 24 for service men and their escorts. Thus the public performances will be move(l_ up one day. On July 31 an all gh'l singing competition will be held in which organized groups of girls, sororities, residence halls and co-op houses, will compete on the stage of the Music Hall. Dr. Jesse E. Hobson Directs Advanced Signal Corps Program Dr. Jesse E. Hobson, 1932 graduate from the school of Electrical Engineering, has supervised the training of 6092 persons in radio electronics, and mathematics at the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago during the last year. Dr. Hobson, who is the head of the electrical engineering department at Illinois Tech, was called upon to organize and direct the radio and Signal Coi'ps training program there in May, 1942. Army authorities have statedHhat the program is now the largest and most advanced in the Sixth Service Command. Included in the program is a course in ultra-high frequency techniques, which prepares students for the study of Radar. Dr. Hobson followed his Bachelor of Science degree with his Master of Science degree in 1933, also from the University. Two years later he was awarded a Doctor of Philosophy degree magna cum laude, from the Califoimia Institute of Technology. Outstanding Electrical Engineer When only 29 years old. Dr. Hobson was named “1940’s outstanding young electrical engineer” by the American Institute of Electrical Engineers. Although only 32 now. Dr. Hobson has also taught at Earlham College in Richmond, at the Armour Institute of Technology in Chicago, besides working four years for the Westingham Electric Company. Playshop To Hold Tryouts Playshop will hold callouts this afternoon at 4 for the various crews to work on its next production, “The Man Who Came To Dinner”. Any student interested in any type of stage work is urged to go to Fowler Hall this afternoon. No previous experience is necessary. Those who earn a sufficient number of hours on the different crews become eligible for membership in Purdue Players.
By Peg Steffes
Induction procedure for men of the Navy V-1, V-7 and V-12
Fufieral services were held yes- Programs will take place today starting at 8 a. m, on zero deck terday at 10 a. m. in the Central Southeast Cary Hall. Some of the students are qndergr^d^ Presbyterian Church for Dr. G. A. uates of other schools as well as the University; all will at Young, Professor Emeritus of the that time be assigned to quarters and logged in (aft^r that.
School of Mechanical Engineering, “JJe’g in the Navy”). The student will be interviewed by the faculty and classified and advised as to his academic
and at 3 o’clock fpr Dean Stanley Coulter, Dean Emeritus of Men and Dean Emeritus of the School of
Science.
Reverend W. R. Graham, minister in charge of the services, paid high tribute to both men for their outstanding work.According to Rev. Graham, Dr. Young was an elder of the Church and Dean Coulter taught a^tudent Bible class for 30
years.
Pallbearers for Dr. Young were
Dale Butz Given Award By Sigma Delta Chi
courses. During the remainder of the week he will be insiructed in Naval and Marine Corps courtesies, simple company formations and drill, customs of the services and general indoctri-
nation.
Apprentice Seaman Ratings The eligible candidates are rated
n.. c' XI r>„u Dale E. Butz, former editor of - . , r
as follows. Dr. C. H Robertson, Exponent, has been awarded a apprentice seamen, and so will
^ ^ H . wear white uniforms and locdc mueh
like the present Naval electrical students. No distinguishing marlcs to identify them as students in the. “V” programs will be used, pnly one third of the inductees will be easily distinguished from the other4 on campus, since these will re<»ive a Marine private rating which re-t quires the wearing of khaki to clesa. However, due to a probable delay
Professors H. J. Veneman, H. L. Solberg, F. C. Hockema, Charles A.
Ludy, and D. S. Clark.
Pallbearers for Dean Coulter were all Senior Cadet Officers now in the Army Specialized Training Program: Col. E. Fingle, Lt. Col. J. Gentels, Lt. Col. R. Howes, Lt. Col. D. Butz, Lt. Col. J. Hill, and Major
G. Ramsey.
Goldsmith Requests Students To Register Change Of Address “All students who have changed their place of residence recently are requested to notify the Office of the Dean of Men as soon as possible”,
according to an announcement by courage broad and thorough prepa- calisthenicran7 arhwr“or^Bi
certificate of achievement by Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalist-
ic fraternity.
These awards are presented annually to the outstanding student of universities having chapters of the fraternity. Throughout the country 34 men students received this distinction at the last election j)f can-
didates.
The selections are made on a
in the distribution of uniforms, the
basis of character, scholarship in students will wear civOian clot&es all college work, and competence to for a while. ’ perform all journalistic tasks. The ^fter registering and receiving decision in each case is made by a assignments from the Univert
committee composed of student, faculty and professional members of the organization. The purpose of the awards, which are not restricted to members of Sigma Delta Chi, is to foster high standards and en-
sity officials, taking a thorough physical exam, strength and swimming tests, the cancKdates will folluw'fite prescribed routine as to calislkeilics and physical exercise. According to Navy regulations 20 minutdS of
Dean F. 1. Goldsmith.
Due to the many changes in students’ addresses occasioned by the recent University, changes, the office has been besieged with calls
during the last few days.
The University Catalogue which is usually issued every two semesters, that is when there were two semesters to a year, can no longer supply correct information concerning the residence of a large percen-
ration by students intending to fol-
low journalism as a career.
cal training six days a week will compromise that part of the combined programs. . '
No Marching To Class
Since the inductees will not march to class as do the present Naval students, they will npt be seen together as a unit at any time
AWS executive board, regular except during Saturday inspectjcm, members and coed representatives to be held on Intramural field. Those of the various campus activities living at Cary Hall will eat there,
AWS Holds Picnic;' Discuss Future Plans
tage of the students and as a result ^ J^^t Tuesday evening and the rest will board at the UnlW
calls to the Dean of Men’s office and the Registrar’s office have been
many.
Notice
Coed hours for July 2, 3 and 4 will be 12 o’clock. Regular 11 o’clock hours will be in effect
July 5.
—AWS JUDICIAL BOARD
on the Stadium picnic grounds. Barbara Curry was in charge of ar-
rangements.
At this time it was decided to keep the present officers throughout the eight weeks session, since elections will be held at the beginning of the November term. Arrangements will be made to fill vacancies if officers do not attend the inter-
session.
since the acquired fraternity hou^ kitchens have been closed, (hint to civilians: either get there early or
bring your own).
To a certain extent the inductees will be allowed to enjoy the mine liberties and lead the same kind of life as regular college students. However, due to the pressure of the curriculum, the routine (jay will be patterned after that'of the present electrical students. In other words, it will take a genius to engage in extracurricular activities while he’s
in the “V” progi'am. Such As They Are
Upon special request and approval a 33 hour liberty may be had starting at 3 p. m. Saturday to mid-
„ , night Sunday. Unless denied tot' y argaret Herd some disciplinary reason, liberties In the biology annex is a lie detector lies in wait for some will be on the same basis as that uf unsuspecting victim. So far no crooks have been found out by the electrical students, however Ihe this ingenious machine, for discovering criminals does not hap- has not been clearly defin^ pen to be its purpose on this campus. Yet, there it is as a part confusing, isn t it>. of the equipment found in thq experimental psychology lab- ^ 12” vvill go. into effect m eath oratory. house to which a chief petty-officer Along with it are other curious mechanisms and tests for has been assigned, measuring hand dexterity,
9
Psych Students Use Lie Detector Machine
hand-eye coordination, rhyth-' thy, but one can get a fairly accurmic ability, auditory acuity, picture of what he can and can’t and nearly all other capabili- Vt • i
. The University catalogue justi-
ties the ordinary human being fi^s the existence of the courses by may have. The students en- saying that they serve as an “inti'o-
duction to laboratory measures of
Greeks To Use Senate Offices^
rolled in Psychology 60 and 260 con- duction to laboratory measures of Donald E. Thomas, president of stitute the experimenters. They characteristic actions and differ- the Student Senate, announeed rework in pairs, choose the type of ex- ences in abilities with emphasis on cently that the Senate has adopted a, periment they want to run, and, af- methods of experimental control, plan to help relieve the fraternity ter conducting it, include the data care in test administrative proced- housing and meeting room problem; in a rejfort. ure, and accuracy of report.” Al- brought about by the entrande of Some of the tests are those used though Psychology 60 and 260 are army, navy, and marine forces ipto by large industries to judge the no “snap courses,” students find the University.
them interesting and quite different from other Ukiiversity courses. If you are accidentally snatched
leaps and bounds. Now they are oft' any sidewalk leading to the bioprofitably employed as a means of logy annex some sunny Tuesday or
.placing the employee at the job at Thursday afternoon, don’t be vation, could not be held jin convsii-
which he is best qualified. The other alarmed. It is likely to be an inno- lent quarters. -
tests comprise the measuring of ar- cent experimenter in search of an The olfice will be available during; tistic and musical aptitudes, hear- unsuspecting victim. Then heed this each evening and applications ing ability, body coordination, color advice—go with him and enjoy should be made as soon as pbsaihte vision, and mechanical ability. The yourself in a cool basement as an in- to the Senate between 4. and 5-pv experimenters do not guarantee the vited guest and victim of the Psyc in order that any conflicts whietl results to be absolutely trustwor- 60 students. . might arise can be adjust^.
abilities of new workers. When unemployment was much more common than now, these tests grew by
At the Senate’s last regular meeting, members voted to open tkh spacious offices of that activity to all regular fraternity chapter'meet-* ings, which, because of house (fepri-
m
iiHW'
/
n-‘j'ifi "iWijpP Purdue Exponent
m
Thursday, July 1, 1943
'urdue Exponent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 ;5|KArtir Fieidhoiise, Phono 2792 Editorial (^hone After 10pm, 5377
Ednoraw Fditor Boitorary Editor Btmtttt B«*fn«ss Mans^ar With the Colota
William G Hoakins Dale E But? Gerhard H KiaaMa-a
tmsf
Eilkinesa Manager N«Wa Editor
tsingr Editor j) Manaiier
AdVtlftismgl
EdHor
GdM Editor
R6h«l W BtitrtthWtl* Mary Dilts Saiiy Bedil Donald E Brctrer A Jane Keim Joseph S DaiVsbVi Jean Lantr
Publication Staff
Editorial Staff
Associate Editors H B Abbett C C Mariindoll E F Mur
thy, W H Tysbn W L Vermilion C J Wilbur Coed SWff Ruth Eord Madelvn Grotnes Katherine Howes Bports Staff R M Lipes R T Sinith C E Sowards
Business Staff AdrertisinK Manager C L Gaunt T B Tabb. CirVnIation Manager R G Sauetman
Adrer LdKuC^reetor
in Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squicr
Staff For This Issue
«t|{hl Editor T\son Sports Editors _Sraith and Lipes
Ei„
J)l» Editor Grotnes Issue Editor Georgeson Reporters StclTcs Woerner Jameson Margolis Hammel
Swerdloff Reeves Ogden
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ttte Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 bn'd at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108 fKJt of October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tuesdai Thuisday and Saturday mornings dnr jog the year except certain vacation per o Is Dcliverel daily bi carrier for tl 25 for a semester by mail for $1 60 for a b^ebteh Subscriptions ma\ be ol tamed at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union Represented for r ational adv ertising by National Advertis ipg Seriicc Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Mddison Ave New York N Y
In Honor Of The Dead
Duiing these few days, when the Univeisity IS momning the loss of thiee of its great men all at once ,it isn’t meant as an Exponent policy to point out little inefficiencies about the campus Still, it has come to the attention of the paper's editorial staff, through contact with many students today, that proper observance of the passing of Dean Coultei, Prof Young and Ml Ross has not been carried out It IS true that the Exponent does not reach a very large cioss-section of the students, faculty and University employes, and consequently ^'proper observance”, as explained through this medium, would not leach everyone concerned Monday evening the University issued a statement that during the funerals of Dean Coultei and Prof Young, the University would observe two minutes of silence, at which time taps would be blown in memoriam to these men One peiiod waS to occur at 10 a m , the other at 3 p m Only a very small peicentage of the classes then in session even attempted to obseive this' In less than a handf ull of technical laboratories did the instructors ask that the silehce period be observed Little respect was paid to these gentlemen who had passed away Yet eveiy instructor was supposed to have been notified of the* intended tribute The campus newspaper had not been relied upon solely to convey the information Why did this occui We don’t knov—maybe just one of the weaknesses of human nature We wondei how it would have appeared to an outsider Included m the tribute has been the flying of the colors on the pole at halt mast Usual regulations call foi raising the flag fust to original position then lowering to half mast On taking the flag down, the opeiation is lepeated, raising the colors first to the top ot the pole, and then to the ground Reports are that this has not been fully earned out, and in commenting on the Univeisity’s tribute, it is hoped that this will be brought to the attention of the flag raiseis —d e b
A Casualty Of War?
qtie VMSMMSTOH MEUrV-GO-M
Last night it was leained that probably the Purdue Marriage Course would not be able to continue the rest of this term because no budgfet appiopiiation was made foi it foi the fiscal year beginning July fiist, and this is July first If the couise is not continued foi the duration, does this mean that marriage is an unessential industry and therefore must suffer as a lesult.^ Should we stop learning something about the most important job of oui Ii\es because we are at war*'’ Ihose student^, almost 125 of them ,who aie now em oiled in the course shout “no” to the above questions Realizing that they have the privilege of attending one of the most advanced marriage courses in the country, they most sincerely wish that the training that they are receiving may continue This IS not a course in sex, as are so many mairiage couises, but is designed to be rounded and all-inclusive, covering the many topics related to successful marriage such as, economic aspects, housing, religion, psychology, mental hygiene, courtship and engage-
ty DREW PEARSON Old Line GOP Chiefs Favor Trib-une-doniinafed Chicago For Convention; Write Post-War Platforni W4,SHINGTON—The mannei in which old lino GOP leadeiS are alipady maneuveiing backstage to pick Chicago foi the Republican National Convention next June indicates the deadly giimness with which they aie out to do two things (1) block Wendell Willkie, (2) dominate the Republican platform in legald to post wai isolation To this end leactionaiy GOPeis aie pointing out that Chicago is the most important convention city in the countiy is in the center of the USA, that 11101 e political gatherings have been held there than in any othei city Backstage, however, what they are whispering is something else again In private their chief argument for Chicago is the fact that the anti Willkie, pro isolationist Chicago Tribune dominates the city To hold the convention under the protecting *ving of the Tribune, they figure woitld be a powerful influ ence in putting across their candidate and platform If the convention gets deadlocked, there is nothing like thO constant day to day pouhding of a big newspapOr to stampede delegates On the other hand liberal Republican leaders want the convention held in a more neutral city such as Cleveland oi Detroit They accept the geogiaphical advantages of Chicago but maintain that Detroit or Cleveland are just as centrally located ind not domi nated by the Tribune Infervent'ionist' Repubiicetns Meanwhile the non isolationist peice bloc mside the Republican Party is growing They believe that the United States cannot possibly pull in its horns from world affairs rftei the war and that it would be political suicide for the Republican Party to take the lead m so doing Typical of this new nioie liberal wing is Montina s GOP N itional Committeeman D in Whetstone a mem bei of the GOP Advisoiy Committee which will meet soon to foi mill ite future foieigii policy Whetstone’s peace pioposals briefly summarued are
raent, eugenics and biological adjustments Since 1938, when Di Lillian Gilbreth and Di Wilkening, who is the present faculty corn dinator, organized the couise, it has been taken by ovei 500 students In this first year it was limited to 40 students, then two sections weie opened, and the enrollment this past term has been the largest in course history showing the increasing mteiest of the Puidue students in studying marital problems Dr Rice, Indiana Health Commissioner, calls the Puidue Marriage Course a very wellbalanced one and says it i^ the “best marriage course he has known ” These woids from a man who has lectuied at many collegiate mariiage couises, and who knows about a great many others) Dr Bovaid, Dean of the School of Education at UCLA, says that most umveisities shopld follow the example set by Pui due’s Mariiage Couise, while an international authority on mariiage research. Prof Burgess, admires the piactical aspect of the course, and sa>s that all colleges should have a similai setup It IS oui sincele hope that some action will be taken by the University that will enable the Maiiiage Couise to continue, even in the wartime cuiiiculum After all, don’t people get maiiicAl in waitime‘s—m j 1
GRINAltelSEARfr
By Lklity
iu^t Looking Around
By Jack Abbett
Children have always liked to argue over who bas the best father, but it seems sort of strange for grown men to argue over who has the best agency This is just the way Vice President Henry Wallace and Secietary of Corhmerce Jesse Jones are acting/ These tyvo men do not seem to realise that it isn’t what agency has done the most for the war effort, but what all the agencies put together have — ——' done for the war effort that IsIotGS counts. Every time Wallace
points to something that he
“—the wai has certainly rliined the drug business—this time of the year the flooi used to be jammed with counters loaded with auto accessories, camping supplies and sports goods ”
Thought-Lets
By Gefyl Dfeeti
‘A world police foicc undei law dibdrmmg of the Axis nations, punishment of the tyiannical Nazi and Fascist leaders of Geimany and Italy and the arrogant wai lords of Japan We must help the nation'^ that have lost their soveieignty and have been reduced to slavery but should permit them to establish the form of gpiern ment that to them seems best encouraging the as piration of democracy but not insisting that any par ticular system of political or social life be adhered to, broadly we desire to realize human freedom, making sure that at all times it is not of such pattern as to breed distatoiship and set up a menacing military ma chine to threaten the future peace oi the world
LET THERF BE HORSE MEAT Aftei viewing in a magazine the pictuie of the first hoise meat shop in Chicago, called the “Man o Wai’’ shop featiumg an atti active win dow full of hoisey hams, steaks and chops, we wandered down to the University’s old horse bam to find out just exactly what had happened to all of OUI fine fat horses We eould find no trace of the am mals except an old horseshoe m the Union s gaibage can, so if anyone stumbles across a new sofa or chair in the above building, speak to it kindly because it might be dear old Tulsa 01 Blacky
OCD Survey Office of Ci\ ilan Defense has made r house to house suivey of U S cities gdtheiing infoiination on in dividual families and then leadiness to meet an emeigency Block leadeis in some ol the pooiei sec tions have done an abbreviated unique job of report mg Samples Man hit by automobile—spe iks bioken English ’ This woman is ill The g is has been tinned off ’ ‘ Sophie is married to a sailor and her whereabouts are uni nown ’ Women and house neat but bare ‘Couple breaking up home friends helping ‘ Milk needed for the babj and fathei iin ible to supply it ‘Woman is willing to struggle if given an oppor tunity Applicant and wife me illegally sep nated ‘These people are extremely cultured Something ohould be done ibout then condition ‘ Until a year ago, this applicant deliveied ice and was a man of affairs ’
Higher education at the Univer sity of Oregon is interpreted m the report of City Police Officer Kce
Navy Not’es On Knox Secretary of Navy Knox now saves time by lunch ing in his office instead of going out A special kitchen has been rigged up next to his office and the mess bojs serve Knox in a private ante room He al ways invites other officials to lunch talks business ^ He eats no dessert takes no siesta Knox day begins with a 9 30 meeting with Admiral King and other Annuals discussing war developments of the previous 24 hours Admir rl Tram Chief of Naval Intelligence gives them the kites news (Copjiight 1943 bi United Feature Syndicate Inc)
ney Si bjecL Boys raising hell ‘Called to 1464 Alder Stieet Students having a water fight with the girls at 1464 Alder street Girls got the worst of it and called the police All over when I arrived P S Girls started it ” All the news that fits they print —E P— Prom the Miami Student comes this story of the victims of First Aid amateurs—A near not was caused recently at the University of Oklahoma when various persons were seen lying around the campus as if they had been hit by nothing smaller than a freight tram It tinned out that they were victims” for the fiist aid classes which were demonstrating then skill on a final exam Non IS the time for all good men to come to the aid of the I irst Aid
BEAUTY AND THE H E CAPET ERIA Speaking of food ’javer patronize the Home Economics Cafeteria’ At any tifite one can find captivating Chi Os behind the buttered turnips Clinging Kappas dishing out laspbcriies or puls itmg Pi Phis short changing every third customer (luckier that way) Certainly kills OUI appetitie by the time we ve gone the line, who knows but whit well find an Alpha Chi boiled m with our cabbage’
—E P— ‘This College World” of Ohio University prints the following bit of witticism
Formerly when a cO ed heard a knock on her door she didn’t know whether it was opportunity or a wolf Now we can be almost sure that it is opportunity Too too, horribly true - E P— Einopean Hit Puade—from the ‘ Highland of Maryville Tenn 1 Call of the Cannon 2 Gunboat Serenade 3 Whispering Blasts 4 When the Bomber Came to Piccadilly 6 Sink Me Ajax Three to the Bottom 6 Torpedo Junction 7 Begin the Barrage 8 Hell Heil the Gang’s All Here ‘1 Tanks fpi Everything 10 All This and Hitiei Too I iickj Stake has nothing on this —E P— Prom the I U Daily Student comes this bit Residents of Dela ware are objecting to Ohio Wesley an students holding hands while go mg to and from classes Not that they are against lo mance but as one person pointed out ‘ The average person using the sidewalk must dodge in and out trying to find an opening as a Wes loyan back in a football game ’ I orgive me, but am t it though’
Buy War Bonds
NiWMAIN
tObAY - FitI. - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
Here Is Adventure As You Like It* BELLE STAR BANDIT QUEEN
In Technicolor — with — GENE TIERNEY RANDOLPH SCOTT — PLUS —
Tho Inside Story of the Secret Service
MAN AT LARGE — with — MARJORIE WEAVER GEORGE RERVES
Companies sciiecluled to visit the
thinks Jones is slow on Jones campus counters by showing the facts Aluminum Company of America to be the exact opposite 'if the July 7 and 8 Interested in^h E, " Met E, ME E E Sign in PersonPresident wants to keep peace ^ p ^ Tuesday, among his little flock he had better j^jy (j get the quarrel settled and dig up Shell Oil Company—July 9 Insome fancy reason for thrs, noi so terested rn M E only Srgn rn Perhttle drfference of oprnron There rs sonnel Oflfree before 4PM Thurs more rn back of thrs whole questron day, July 8 than fneats the eye, afid it rS very Piaster Kauffrtiann Aircraft possible that the real reason for Corp, St Lours, Mo July 12 In disagreement may never be known terested in Ae E , ME, C E Sign m Personnel Office before 12 M
When' Oh' When' is action going Saturday, July 10
to pop on the European front seems Tfie Cleiin L Martin Company, to be the question that is rocking Baltimore, Md—Date to be anthe very foundations ot Hiltei’s nounced Interested in August ^rnd government The Germans in then December AeE ME CE EP, latest endeavor to find when the P S E Sign m Personnel Office be
grand assault is to start have set fore 4PM Friday Julv 2 the date as July 3 The English on
the other hand have very iiomcally These companies do not plan to
stated that no Englishman ever visit the campus however, they are thinks of working over a week end inter ested in students for employ-
holiday Blit whatever the actual ment
date it can be reasonably assured lAca Manufacturing Division, that it IS not too far in the future Phelps Dodge Copper Piodutts The actual commanders have as yet Corp Port Wayne Ind Interested not been completely picked and it rn Chemical or Mechanic il Engi seems reasonably accurate in stat neei Sign in Peibonnel Office bc ing that these commanders will not fore Pud vy July 2 be made public until the shells be gin to fly over the European coast The following comp iny plans to
visit tho campus at i 1 iter date
Some of the leading American Atlantic Refining Compain,
opinion polls have been harping on Philadelphia, Pa Interested in the fact that many Canadians Chemists and Chemicil Tnginceis want to join the United States in Please sign in the Pei sonnel Office forming a union of most of North before Friday July 9
America It seems strange that the
Canadians would want to join the United States for they have more freedom at the present moment un del British rule than they would ever have under U S domination Opinion polls have been taken in the past concerning whether Canada would like to join us and the an swer has always been a definite no Maybe this supposed change of opinion has been due providing it IS an accurate poll check of Cana dians to the general war condition but it might be assumed that the Canadians will again retreat toward complete separatism after the dan gei to her coast has been destroyed
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW
lIIAf CON VO We re still gasping with surprise "t the amazing imount of noise the forty remains ot University s All American Band made at the Lord Halil ax convo a week ago last Mon day We were amused at the difference 111 tempo between the American playing of ‘America” and the Brit ish God Save the King We swung from ‘Hail Puidue” and ‘ Star Spangled Banner” into a hearty, raucous rendition of the British ver Sion in honor of the Ambassador Wc reached the end of the first line and paused for refills of an when the band was still holding the third word (our) So we hummed “Hail Puidue’ until they finished the line, too and then we all started together to finish the song in the slow, pom pous British fashion The advan tage as ve see it is that the British fashion gives one time to think of the words
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
— and — DON ' RED" BARRY
"SOMBRERO KID" — ALSO — G-MEN vs BLACK DRAGON — PLUS — PATHE NEWS
niimm¥E$rmM. mmiEs« nmE] Mmr HEMES i
LOMA
TODAY -FRl. -SAT.
OUTH ol the BORDER
'u-ing
PLUS—SECOND HIT
lirmffi TODAY - TOMORROW
toughest easel
BAXTER
^ 1
V '
V J
S' I If >- t
1^ h % K -
ThursSay, juty i,
Bo
Bpdrts
RIVETERS ON ALL-STAR team
Ward4AWihs
WARD 4A ^ Wins sdItlAa TITLE
Six Fraterniths Lead Participation Contest
Six fraternities are tied for first place in the summer intramural participation contest. Included among the leaders are Acacia, DUs, Lambda Chis, Phi Kappa Sigmas, Sig Chis and the Triangles. However, the Betas and the Sigma Alpha Mus still have to play olf the final round of the intramural tennis
singles tournament and have not been credited with any par- Beta Sigma Psi ticipation points for this event Sigma Alpha Mu ..
as yet. With 30 points award-
ed to the winner and 28 given camfurD^eUa . to the runner-up, these addi- p^j Kappa tional points should put both of Phi Kappa Psi
these houses up lu the leading
gioup.
4 Evciils Included
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Tail Kappa Epsilon
Theta Chi
Events foi which
points have
#
been awaided so far
this summer
include the Athletic Carnival, soft-
ball, tennis singles doubles. ! 1
and tennis
The standings of
the various
houses and their point total is as lollows;
Acacia
166
Delta Upsilon ^
165
Lambda Chi Alpha
166
1
Phi Kappa Sigma
156
t
Sigma Chi
155
Triangle
166
Alpha Chi Rho .
160
Alpha Tail Omega
150
i
Delta Tail Delta
150
Phi Delta Theta
160
Pi Kappa Phi
150
1
Sigma Nil
160
Sigma Phi Epsilon
160
^ y
Tail Epsilon Phi
150
Theta Xi
150
Hcta Theta Pi
130
Alpha Kappa Lambda Kappa Sigma Sigma Pi
WHERE SHALL WE MEET? THE BEST PLACE TO MEET YOUR FRIENDS IS IN ONE OF THE LOUNGES IN THE PURDUE UNION
THE LOUNGES ARE CONVENIENTLY LOCATED AND COOL, SO RELAX AND BE COMFORTABLE WHILE YOU WAIT.
JhsL fiiVldjUSL TlimwiiaL lAnlmL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of' Activities
126 125 106 100 100 100 100 100 100 100
85 53 60 60
First Contributions Winkler, Cook Changes In Status Winners
For Kiniiick Fund /nv/terf to Pby Ot Big Ten Athletes Off Campbell S
Rfeceived By Iowa id/Z-Sfars Will Aid War Effort
Tj,. , 4.U4.- 4- 4.1, XT 1 IT. 4114. , c!’ 4.1, i-u 4.J1 Ward 4 A woB thc anuual sof tball championship last Hight bv
First contributions to the Nile Two members of last season’s Since there has been a great deal j -iir j cr i.
Kinnick Memorial Scholarship varsity football squad, Walt Cook confusion regarding the kind of . eating Ward 5 by a score of 12-3. Kellef, the Watd 4A fund, established by the University and Joe Winkler, have accepted in- iutercollegiate athletics that will pitcher, held hiS opponents to eight hits. Caflfipbell, the (^pposof Iowa’s alumni “I” club, total vitations to play oft the All-star probably be conducted within ing pitcher, allowed 18 hits, two of which were home runs, and
more than $225 as members respond team that is scheduled to meet the ^en this coming year, the two triples, to the message of President M. W. National Professionals champions following information concerning
certain actions that have been taken by the Conference is passbd on to
the reader.
Back in 1941 at the May meeting of the faculty representatives held
a naval ensign, died June 2 when his Tribune Charities Inc. played in the Minneapolis the following action
fighter plane crashed into the sea backfield last fall. Winkler, who taken:
not far from the aircraft earner. hails from Hammond, showed “The eligibility of students for - - 4.^0 + ‘TCinnick’s exemplary life entitles promise of developing into an ex- future participation in athletics in being, so far as they are pre- ® inmng WO him to have his name placed before cellent back. In the later part of the this Conference after discharge ®®^ibed by the Conference, it is ex- Ward 4A. Wib future athletes and scholars. Let us season Winkler saw quite a bit of from the service shall not be jeo- P®®^®*^ fbat each member institu- ^ oy? leftfieldet and cenbe as generous in our contributions action, and during that time he ac- pardized in any way by competition continue to maintain and ^ ® 6r, each got a triple. Hesse, to this fund as Nile was in his ath- complished several good runs. arising out of service in the armed ®”f®’^®® standards in such respect the first baseman, then hit a triple
forces of the United States^” suitable to its condition in the cur- driving in the Lulejr brothers, but
Hyland of Tama.
Raising of the fund represents a move to honor the memory of the Iowa all-American halfback and No. 1 U. S. athlete of 1939. Kinnick,
the Washington Redskins, on Aug.
26 in Dyche Stadium.
Both of the men who have signified their intentions of playing in the game sponsored by the Chicago
In the first inning Hohenstein, the shortstop for Ward 4A, started off the game with a single. This was followed by a single by Friend, the c^teheT. thus sponsored. The next man up, Misselhom, “Provided, further, that while third baseman, hit a double, this resolution suspends the exist- driving in two rUns. He Was quirements for eligibility for the ater going into third. In
the second
WAA News WAA tennis tournament are progressing rapidly. Eleven matches have been played and two rounds of
Icct the winner. These games will be completed within the next two weeks. After the singles matches have been played, mixed doubles will be scheduled. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
letic service to his university and his military service to his country,”
said President Hyland. Help Needy Students
It IS the objective of the organization that money from this fund
rent emergency.”
Cook Good On Defense
Walt Cook, who was graduated New Rulings This Week
last December, is very fast and was As things developed as the war -^PP^*®® Only For Duration an outstanding on defense. He will progressed the Conference has should be noted, first, that this be remembered for the fine perfor- from time to time taken othbr ac- action regarding suspension of cermance he gave in the Old Oaken tions, all designed to protect the ^^in eligibility rules is for the dura-
he was out at the plate trying^ to stretch his triple into a home run.
The score now stood 4 to 0.
Keller Steals Twice
All went fast and fine until the
be used to help needy students in the Bucket battle last November when athletic men in the several institu- tion of the war only and that the mning. In Ward 4A’s part of post-war period get an education at he made several spectacular tackles tions and to add to the contribution I'ules which through the years have ^ e inning Keller, got the first the state university. to prevent Hoosier touchdowns, that the institutions are making to proven very satisfactory will be re- given by Campbell. He then
The fund will fall under the pro- Cook, married now is now living in the war effort. established as soon as the war ^^® next play
visions of the university’s alumni his home town, Casper, Wyoming, This week the following action ®nds. ® ® ®^ *^® only thing that kept scholarship plan, approved by the where he is employed in the Casper ^as taken by the faculty represen- Further, as indicated above, the ™ hoi^ wasjlhat
stat^ board of education in 1939, Air Base. tatives of the Intercollegiate Con- purpose of these changes, which are
Although he was one of the ference: being made in the light of the fact
whereby a committee selects the recipients who meet certain qualifi-
cations.
Officials Handle Funds
After collection, the money will be remitted to the university’s business office and the funds distributed to the scholarship recipients thiough univeisity channels. Members in halt a dozen states aie among the first to contribute. The club now has more than 800 members in 30 states, including
smallest members of the squad, “WHEREAS it has become ob- athletics in time of war ascarrying 166 pounds on his 6 ft. 10 vious that for the duration of the an importance that is not givin. frame. Cook was awarded the war intercollegiate athletic pro- ®^ them in times of peace, is to help
the third out was made. In Ward 5’s part of the inning, the first pjan up, Bell the leftfielder, hit a single into right field. The next man was put out, but Tavenor, the right-
Noble Kizer memorial trophy last g^-ams are to be essentially activi- get himself
fall. of tho armpo Lt in Condition for service in the armed *h®
forces by participation in sports of various sorts. In other words, the Conference does not wish in any way to place obstacles in the way of the athletic type of men who wish
Sports Shorts
ties of the armed services, and, “WHEREAS, it is the sense of the Conference that the widest possible opportunities for participation
In spite of the uncertainities by the^tudent bodies of the memwhich war always breeds, Univer- ber institutions in competitive sity of Wisconsin faculty members sports should be made available, and employees are banking on their paiticularly as a means of prepara-
score now 4 to 1. He was out later
trying to steal third. Ward 4A Scores In Sixth
Then came the sixth and seventh inning uprisings. Friend opened the
to make use of facilities and oppor- sixth with a triple. Koenig,' the tunities offered them by the athletic short fielder, hit a single driving
some 160 men now seizing m the badgers to come through during the tion for their most effectiVe contri- d®partments of the Conference in- Friend home. W. Luley also got a
aimed foices. 1943 football campaign. Already, bution to the war effort, and.
Wisconsin faculty members "and “WHEREAS, many of the Con-
Lee Fanner, the only Iowan ever employees have made reservations ference rules of eligibility are the to win two Big Ten indoor tiack for more than 400 athletic coupon outgrowth of considerations which
titles in the same meet, is a cavalry- books for the 1943-44 school year,
man at Ft. Riley, Kan. . .he says he W. H. Aspinwall, Badger business present emergency, says he likes tiavellmg via horse. . . manager of athletics, reports. The ’
Farmer was the leading Hawkeye faculty-employee reservations may track scorer in 1942. . and was still be made this summer, but stucalled into service after one meet dent leservations will not be taken last yinter. iintil next September.
m
Dry, Sensitive Skin?
TREATED WITH MILK SDLIDS AND UNDLIN FOR EXTRA MILDNESS!
If your skin is dry and sensitive, if you've despaired of finding a soap that would cleanse conipletely, gently, without drying . . . tryARIDERMA! It's a fine toilet soap...made extramild with milk solids, extra-rich with the pure lanolin your skin needs.''
BOX OF 12 CAKES $175
Just pin it upl Open "drawer'*, remove one cake.-another falls into place ready for usel
“Now, therefore, be it resolved, in order to effectuate the fore-going objective, that competition during the war peiiod sponsored by a college or university shall not be deemed “intercolle'giate,” as such term is used in the Conference rules
and regulations.
“Provided, however, that nothing
stitutions, both the men in uniform single advancing Koenig to thii’d. and the younger boys who by the Hesse got a single following these nature of things are potential sol- two driving in Koenig and Luley. diers, sailors, or marines though The score now stood 7-1 in favor of
Ward 4A.
In the seventh and final inning, Keller hit a triple, followed by Hohenstein double which drove in Keller. This was followed by Friend’s single which moved Hohenstein to third. Misselhorn and
they still be civilians.
Sigal A, Anderson ... associate in agricultural engineering for the last nine years, has resigned his position here to become
Koenig then hit their home mns
manager of the Rural Electric Cor- clearing the bases and making the
poration, an organization of the score 12 to 1
rural electric co-operative organiza- Ward 5 Counts Twice In Seventh tions in Indiana. He will assume his in Ward 5’s half of the seventh
contained herein shall be deemed to new duties today. Anderson joined Adams got a walk to start off the waive any requirements for eligibil- the University staff following his inning. McCrea, the third baseman ity (1) in respect to regular enroll- graduation from the University of ^as safe on a fielder’s choice which
ment as a student or (2) non-ie- Illinois and has carried on research ceipt of compensation for athletic work m agricultural engineering, pai ticipation as a membei of a team specializing in-rural electnefication.
• Southworth7 s
53c Reedrds 37c Records
IVfdw
Victor - fcliliimhia - Decca — Dkeii
n
it'd
WHILE THEY tASTJhjL fihafuL SpoL ii.
acta'iw fiKeit WE^ tAfAVeP^TE Ml
put Adams out at second. Fleming the next man up hit a single advancing McCrea to third. Theiv Grostein received a walk loading the bases. Travenor, the right fielder got a single driving in McCrea and Fleming. King, the catcher, was next up, he hit a long high ball out into left field which was caught by Luley to retire the side and give the Ward championship of 1943 to Ward 4A
by a score of 12 to 3. Score By Innings
R H E
Ward 4A 220 003 5—12 18 1 Ward 5 000 010 2— 3 8 7 Sports Shorts Coach “Slip” Madigan next fall will get his first look at Big Ten football in many years when he handles the Iowa team against five conference opponents. , .Marquette IS the only mid-western team played by his St. Mary’s squad in his 19 seasons at the California institu-
tion.
Iowa’s sports staff, although reduced by war service, still has thirteen men... they are Director E- G. Schroeder, “Slip” Madigan, football; George Bresnahan, track; “Pops” Harrison and Paul Brechler, basketball; “Waddy” Davis, baseball; Dave Armbruster, swimming; Arthur Wendler, tennis; Charles Kennett, golf; Albert Baumgartner, gymnastics; Mill* Howard, wiesthng; Charles Oaliher, business manager; and G?!*nn Devine, assistant.
Southworth’s • Try An Exponent Classified!St .’V
r
* f
p .''.j-'.ii' ‘ * i ^>•' Si}^ \ <^i ^ '■■' -“ ’
'< ;'f'f■sK'i' p^''* 'r * ■*>*^f’*’'' ^1 i»f I'," ’^ \* S .,"
Purdue Exponent ^ ^
m
Ag Economics Staff Tackles Transportation Problems
r. K.Cowden Seeks Efficiency Moving Indiana Farm Produce . . As Agronomy
By Bill Tyson
(Editor’s note: This is the first in a series of articles on some of the projects now under consideration in the School of Agriculture).
Department Head
Professor A. T. Wiancko retired
Transportation, the bugaboo of many industries today, and
also of many college students who can no longer take a weekly agronomy ., n.-n 1.; department of the University and jaunt home, is also a problem confronting farmers and truck became professor emeritus of aggardeners throughout the country. ronomy. He was succeeded by In a little building called the Ag Hall Annex, just in back of George D. Scarseth, professor of Ag Hail, a group of men in the Ag Ecoonmics Department un- science here for the last five
der the direction of Dr. T. K. Cowden, are busy figuring out ways and means of making the farm produce transportation in Indiana more efficient. The main problem, bi'iefly stated according to Doc Cowden, “is to use available materials, rubber, gasoline, trucks and men in the most efficient manner possible”. He stresses the point that his group is only acting in an advisory capacity to the Government in suggesting ways and means of accomplishing
this end.
Milk Transportation
Using the scientfic approach to a I specific project, for instance, milk transportation, the men on the job, in this case Dr. E. H. Matzen and Prof. V. C. Manhart, took a survey of 1700 milk trucks, 80 per cent of
University Band Holds Callouts
years.
Professor Wiancko, who joined the University staff in 1903, received his degree in agriculture from the University of Toronto in 1895. He then spent a year at Ontario Agriculture College, professor of agricultural chemistry, served as manager of a large farm in Minnesota, three years again on the staff at Ontario and then in Nebraska as an experimentalist on the 12,000 acre farm of the Standard Cattle
B. A. Krantz Accepts Government Position
Gimlet Club; Important meeting at Phi Sigma Kappa hbuse Thursday, July 1, at 7:80 t), m. Everyone be '
Qistinguished Students: Refunds arc avail.* able in Cashier’s Office. *=- —HOLLINSBEE
Dr. B. A. Krantz, who for several years has been studying soil chemistry as a graduate student in the agronomy department at the University, left Wednesday to accept a position with the Bureau of Plant Industry of the U. S. Department of Agriculture at Raleigh, North Carolina.
Kappa Delta Pi: Pledging services will be Thursday night, July 8, at 7 :30 P-m. in room 307 of the Union. ^—JOHNSON
All Students: A study group, sponsored through the Religious Council, will hold its first meeting in the Religious Council room of the Union on Thursday evening, July 1, from 7:80 to 8:1B p. m. to discuss post-war planning and peace problems from a religious viewpoint. —NICHOLSON
LtEUT
COMOR. mm
FORMER. FORDHAM FOOTBALL COACH'
BUY WAR * BONDS!
Dr. Krantz, graduate of Michigan State College, received his M.S. degree and doctor’s degree from this University. In his new position as assistant soils scientist in the soil and fertilizer investigation division of the government at the North Carolina Agricultural Experiment Station, he will work on nitrogen utilization research.
International Relations Club: The meeting on Tuesday, July 6, at the University Presbyterian Church at 7:30 p. m. will concern the country of Mexico. Nita Garrett will lead the discussion. —NORDLINGER
Gimlet Club: Important meeting at Phi Sigma Kappa house Thursday, July 1, at 7:30 p. m. Everyone be present. ■—BXJTSCH
Pi Sigma: Softball game with flunkies at 4 p. m. Thursday, July 1. We play on the diamond at the south end of Intramural Field. t —GENTLES
Coed Staff; Monday’s edition of the Exponent will be Issued Wednesday. Usual coed edition will be put out. —LAUER
WBAA Gives Series
Placement Notes
Notice Convocation featuring Henry Scott, pianist-humorist, has been postponed from July 10 to July 23. —GUNN.
Classified Ads
Typewriters: Adding machines, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeo^ graph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main* Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Of 26 Dairy Programs
For Women
Prof. P. S. Emiick, Director of Military and Symphonic Bands, an-
nounced today that they are open- ^o. In October he joined the faculty ings for qualified musicians in the University of Nebraska; but.
University Symphonic Band. Players of all band instruments are needed, paiticularly claiinetists.
French horn players, and saxaphonists. The band’s loster has been severely depleted by the call of the vaiious leserves to active duty, but
all those in the state, to find out i"' how many miles they went to de- Davy’s tiaining piogram at liver their load of milk. University aie expected to reFroin this data, an efficiency tm’n to the band as soon as their
standard was set up for tiucks ‘^^^sses begin.
carrying to a central dairy. This Other service men of the campus stated the maximum miles a tiuck participate, thus helping to
University to head the agronomy
work.
Prof. Scarseth Named New Head The new head of the department. Professor G. D. Scarseth, graduated from the University of Wiscorrsin in 1924 and finished his doctorate at Ohio State University. From 1928 to 1938 he was associate professor of soil chemistry at Alabama Polytechnic Institute at Auburn, Alabairra, resigning there to join the University staff five years ago.
University radio station, WBAA, in conjunction 'with the Dairy (department will present a series of 26 programs, beginning July 2 and continuing until December 31, entitled “The Latest in Dairy Information.” The program will be aired every Friday at 12 noon and will be divided into six main topics. The first topic is “Hot Weather Herd Managament” and is under the direction of G. A. Williams. This is planned to last from July 2 to 30 and will present suggestions on how to keep herd production up during the hot summer months. The second topic “The Bull Buyers Guide” will be presented in August, as Au-
The WAAC is now selecting officer candidates from civilian status. Qualifications include: age from 21 to 60; a minimum alterness test score and at least four years of experience i beyond the high school level in study, wol'k, social or civic fields. College work >may be substituted for the years of experience. Applications should be filed through the local recruiting office in the Post Office. Further information may be obtained through Placement Service for Women (2956).
Notices
.Money to Im&ti: On diamonds, watchefl^ guns, luggage, typewriters, Albert’s LoaA Office, 407 Columbia.
Basic Military Students: All basic students are urged to note the schedule posted on the Bulletin Board in the Armory for turning in wool trousers and caps —BROWN
Lost—“Cravanette” trench coat with tail lining. iJost in Union Cafeteria Sunday, June 13, 1943. Call Myron Dickey, phone 2416.
Lost—Light tan raincoat, red plaid lining, zipper. In Union Cafeteria, Sunday, June 13. Call Vermilion, 5226. /
Science Seniors, Graduating August, ’43: Please call at Dean Ender’s office at earliest convenience to receive information regaiding graduation. —ENDERS
Wanted—Purdue students to work Thursday and Saturday evenings as waiters. Experience not necessary. Good pay and short hours. Elks Club. Apply Frank Lenihan.
GE 11, 12 Make-ups: Conditional make-up examination in GE 11 and GE 12 will be given Saturday afternoon, July 10. Make arrangements in room 202, Golden Shops. Bring textbook and drawing equipment along. —OWEN
Boy wants roomWate immediately, double j*oom, twin beds, reasonable 202 ChaUncey Avc. Phone 6088. Ralph Wood.
Lost—In Union Buidling, gold ring with sapphire set. Initials on inside are J. W. If found call 2243. Reward.
driver could go to collect his load
and bring it in.
Once the workable plan was formulated, it was sent to Washington to the Office of Defense transportation for approval. To date programs
bring the band nearer to its pre-war strength.
Spos’ts Shorts Hawkeye football playeis of last
Any band musician interested in fall are receiving bids to join the becoming a member of the “All College All-Star squad for the ChiAmerican Band” as it has been cago Tribune’s game with the called by sports writers and news- Washington Redskins Aug. 25. . .
have been set up in the Indianapolis should contact Piofessor Em- among them already announced are
and Evansville districts, and ap- nck at the Band Headquaitcis in Del Dickeihoof and Bob Penaluna,
proval is pending on a jirogram for the rear of the Hall of Music any guards; Bill Stauss, halfback; and
Fort Wayne.
Owned By Private Operators Most trucks carrying faim produce are owned by piivate operators owning one truck and cariying for a single community. In order to get these men to bring in the “mostest with the fewest miles covered” Doc Cowden and his men are collecting data, sifting it and trying to formulate workable plans. “Repairs constitute one of the truck drivers major problems now” said Dr. Cowden recently, “since replacements, new paits and new
afternoon at 4.
Burger Replaces Musical Secretary
Jerry Kubal, tackle. . . all of these men aie in the seivice and it is not known whether they will be given liei mission to play.
gust and February are the main bull buying months. E. T. Wallace planned this group of lectures. Care Of Herd In Winter “Getting Ready for Winter” will be the September topic. J. H. Hilton and the Agricultural engineers will present hints for cold weather care of the herd. Tpoic for October will be “Health in the Dairy Herd”, designed to prevent some of the 12 million dollar loss annually inflicted on dairy herds by disease. This topic will be piepaied by E. A. Gannon.
YOUR BUR-PAT STORE
’wiill be OPEN for the
rest of the summer and
for the duration.
A. P. Stewait, diiector of Musical Organizations, announces that Mrs. Clarice Kilmer is leplacing Mrs Robeit W. Bulger as secretary. Mis. Bui'gei, a giaduate of DePauw University, came to the University four years ago. While at DePauw she was a member ot Al-
tires are difficult to get. Figures on Lambda Delta and Phi Sigma
Tiie replacements for this year state that 48 per cent of the truck
Iota honorary fiateinities. On leaving P.M.O., Mrs. Burger says “I
Exchange / Post As a result of a poll taken at Pill due according to the Athens Ohio Post, the men theie agreed that they were quite willing to adniiie women’s clothing fashions, in fact they think women dress pretty well. They so say, however, that the way gills ai range theii ban is mis(■rable. . . Undoubtedly these men aie advocates of the biush-cut. . . Nuff said, he says.
“Winter Held Managament” is the timely topic for November and will include suggestions for barn feeding, giain mixtuies, and cold weather management, designed by G. A. Williams. The last topic discussed will be “Ideas foi Herd Improvement” by E. T. Wallace and others. This subject for December will discuss breeding bigger and better cows for bigger production in 1944.
BUR-PAT STORE
FRATERNITY JEWELERS AT PURDUE 113 NORTHWESTERN AVE. ELEANOR MICHAELIS, Manager
tires now in use will have to be re- Ihmk that music at Pin due is play-
all
placed if the spare tires are
handed in.”
Usually Travels 25,000 Miles “Contiol of how many miles a truck may travel is furnished by restriction of gasoline lations. In a year, a regular produce carrier usually travels 25,000 miles and so control of his teriitory can easily be effected thiough cutting his gasoline ration. Truck tires last for from 40,000 to 50,000 miles which would give about two yeais service, thus confirming the figuies obtained on tile replacements. Another point stiessed was that no majoi pioblem exists in getting the food to maiket, since theie aie enough trucks and enough men to do the job, but in oidei to conseive rubbei, gasoline and tiucks, efficient handling ol the equipment becomes a leal pioblem. Inefficient handling of the pioblem by goveiiiinent legulations issued thiough the OUT caused Doc. Cowden and his staff to be called in as an advisoi y gi oup. Sa>es Fifteen J’ei Cent In the oveiali .study of tianspoitation methods in Wayne township ol Hamilton County, Laurence Haveikamp lound that the theoietical ma.Minum saving by centialization of tian.spoi tation is only fifteen jiei cent and would be negligible undei actual woiking conditions. Othei men on the joli aie Pi of. J. R, Wiley livestock tianspoitation; W. Kohlineyei, Poultiy and Egg transpoitation, Plot F. C. Gayloid and K, I. Fawcett J'oiiiato hauling. Each ol the.se iiiolileins loniionting thesse men is similai in iiatuie to oiicss aheady eiinumeiated but with special apidu atious oi tlieii own.
ing a most vital part of both the campus and the faculty.
Buy War Bonds
Try An Exponent Classified!
DO YOU DIG IT?
Submifted by Donald S. Gair J ^ Cambridge, Mass.
Notice
Any students who wish to work for the Registrar during the registration lor the Nai> College Training Program on Jul> 5 will please leave their names at the desk in the Registrar’s office. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
ROOMS TO RENT?
The Easiest Way To Reach
Purdue Students
IS
A CLASSIFIED AD
in
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
SEND ys YOUR SLANG ANI)'GET USp.g Address; College Depf., Pepsi-Cola Co., Long Island City, N, Y.'
Pepsi-Cola Company, long Island City, N.'i'. Bottled locally by Franchised Bottlers.