"t '
iT’ % ‘ •‘U'fcy If f\ / '
PA^.
' 'iP
MERRY-GO-ROUND f Seeks Improvement In Cabinet Meetings
Established 1889
xfumeM • Two-thirds To Go
SPOUTS COLOMH Previews Baseball Team In Fieldhouse
ft
Volume 56, Mo. 10
y Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, May 20, 1043
Cary Hall Elects Ten Win Places On Student Senate
K. Brown, Prexy MacQueene, Masline, Suss Serve As Vice Presidents Four remaining units of Cary Hall have elected Keith Brown as their presiding officer for the summer semester and vice president of Northwest. Hurd MacQueen was elected vice president of D unit; Bill Masline, vice president of C unit and sports manager; Louis Suss, vice president of Terry House; Jim
Bowen, treasurer, and Ed Siebert, social manager. Frank Western thriller is the latest addi-
or Man River Goes Wild As Anxious Folk Look On Mischievous Boys, Drowning Autos Drive 14-Hour Police Guard Crazy
E.Ev A1.E. School Juniors Choose Kennedy/ Heinze
By Margaret Baynes
Better than a dime novel, or a
Willson is serving as temporary secretary. Cary Hall, Oliver Perkins Terry House and the Annexes formerly accommodated about 1100 civilian students of which only 288 remain. There have been indications of late that these few may not remain long as the services are negotiating for the remaining space, but nothing final is
known as yet.
Candidates Scarce
tion to the community, the flood; it’s real; it’s wet; it’s exciting and
there’s plenty of it.
Contrary to public opinion, which has gathei-ed in large numbers and caused the police many traffic worries, the river is no longer rising; in fact since 2 p. m. yes-
terday, although unnoticed by the songs entertained 750 spectators measuring eye of the public, it has sailors from t he naval
Prof. A. T. Wiancko, who has lowered itself several fractions of training school last .Monday eve-
Prof. A. T. Wiancko, Head Of Agronomy, To Retire In June
Nav y Smoker Features Skits, Boxing, Songs
Boxing bouts, band music and
been head of the department of a foot,
agronomy at the University since poijce On 14 Hour Duty
1903, is retiring on June 30 at the end of the present fiscal year and
Cary Hall elections usually take becomes Professor Emiritus in
place at the end of the semester - preceding that in which the officers
On duty for 12 to 14 hours at a time, with about ten to fourteen men on a shift, are not only t}ie police, but the auxiliary police, whose chief headache is the numerous small fry playing in the water. In
ning in the Field House at a smoker sponsored by the Navy. Five boxing bouts, the feature attraction of the evening, were staged between sailors in the
school.
Paul Stegner, Company 9, section H, Charles Haubrich, cooks and bakers school, and Wes Erwin,
bathing suits arfd on bicycles the iq, Section B, and Bob children ride out into the water, Company 9, Section B, won fall off, and scream for help. Sight- technical decisions.
see-ers and all-day-loungers add to the confusion and block regular
traffic.
Patroling the levee with the police are military.police with an eye out for sailors who are forbidden to
Dick Garner, cooks and bakers school, and Harry Holt, Company 11, Section C, fought to a draw.
Stunts Livened Program
Matters were livened Up by vari-
A. T. WIANCKQ
are to leave, but candidates were very scarce at the end of the last semester. Hence the elections wei’e postponed until this semester and most of the offices have now been filled, although the post of secre-
tary still is empty.
C. S. Doan To Prove World Follows Usual
Pattern Of Roundness Students are invited to witness agronomy, according to an anan experiment to -prove that the aouncement made yesterday by H. earth rotates about the sun to be J- director of agricultural reperforihed by Prof. C. S. Doan this extension and teaching. His afternoon at 2 p. m. in the Field- Position will be taken over by Dr. house arena. This experiment is an George D. Scarseth, who has been rittempt to interest students in a Professor of soil science on this lecture to be given by Prof. Bartky eampus for the past five years. a,t 7:30 p. m. in room 211 of Stan- Prof. Wiancko has done much for Ifey Coulter Hall on “Copernicus, the advancement of agricultural in the Founder of Modern Astron- Indiana and has much to his credit omy.” in corn breeding work. His work, in
THp oxnpvimpnt whifh nnl- breeding, judging and showing is turned from Washington after his was by the Jefferson High School been attempted before on the cam- reported to have made Indiana corn ''’isit this weekend where he presid- band and popular music by Harry
pus, according to Prof. W. L. Ayers, the world. ’
head of the Mathematics depart- Born In Ontario
ment, will continue during the af- A foreigner by birth, he was born ternoon since it requires a period on a farm near Sparrow Lake, On- f tario on October 6, 1872. He re- ^-esigned his duties -ceived his degree in agriculture ^^ief of the division of profes-
rtouuiabuo ±ur uiiu lujj wiu uc ci University of Toronto in gjonal and technical training of the
of : ^inoe that time, he haa been Commission, Dr.
dt professor of agricultural chemistry ^Hiott has been spending most of
Results of Tuesday’s student elections for Student Senate representatives have been tabulated by the Senate, with ten jjuniors and sophomores elected to positions on the body. These ten will meet with the Senate to help decide all policies and issues concerning the stu-
dent body and its government.
William Kennedy, Indianapolis, will represent the junior Electricals. Jack Heinze, Detroit, —— was*elected junior senator from the Mechanical School. Carol
Roblee, Lockport, 111., will represent the Science School juniors. Mitzi Konicek, Baltimore, won out in the race for junior Home Economics representative. A1 Lindskoog, junior Civil from Park Ridge, 111., was elected by nis school. Chosen to represent 1 the sophomore Home Ecs was
Doris Smith, Anderson.
Four Sophs Selected
Sophomore engineers elected to the Student Senate were; Austin Gillespie, Indianapolis; Dick Morgan, Van Wert, Ohio; William Metsker, South Bend, and Jim Jennings, Gary. The Senate will hold a caHout some time next week, the date and time to be announced
in the Exponent.
Sale Of Stan Kenton Tickets Will Begin
TodayAtSweefShop Debris Urges
Organizations ToSubmitCopy
cross the bridge. Said one irate o'-'® stunts and skits staged during sailor, “They don’t want us to get the closing minutes of the gatherour feet wet.” / t)y a pillow fight between Rumors Spread Rapidly'^ two sailors astride gym horses. AfRumors and wild tales spread ter the fight the scene was one cornfast. A hardened bystander was psil’e-t'le to that after a chicken
feathering.
At the beginning of the program Commander Bartley gave an introductory talk and then turned the proceedings over to Chief Specialist Croft, who was referee and an-
nouncer during the show.
Instructors’ Glee Club Performs Members of the Flight Instructors Glee Club performed with Yeoman Bob Henk as soloist. Other
President E. C. Elliott has re- music fuimished during the evening
(See RAIN, page 4)
Pres. Elliott Retyrns From Army-Navy Manpower Conference
Tickets for the Stan Kenton dance Friday, May 28, will go on sale today at 4 p. m. in the permanent table at the door of the Sweet Shop along with the sale of war stamps. The convo will start at 7 p. m. in the Music Hall and directly following, Kenton and his orchestra will be featured in (the Union ballrooms from 8:30 to liT30 for an informal
dance.
Tickets for the convo will be given with the purchase of fifty cents in war stamps. Those not attending the convo may purchase a dance ticket for $1.65 plus fifty cents worth of stamps. Sailors and advanced military men in active duty on flie campus will be admitted free of charge to the convo, and they may attend the dance for the price of the ticket
alone.
Prof. E. Artin To Give Series Of Lectures On Math Next Week Prof. Emil Artin, of the University of Indiana, will present a se-
Of 25 pages devoted to honoraries and organizations, only three
have been turned in.
The Debris urges secretaries of honoraries and organizations to write up the copy for their pages and turn it into the Debris work-
shop immediately.
These pages are written up by the secretaries of the organizations themselves instead of by Debris in order that each organization may get exactly the soi't of page that it wants in the Debris. Deadline Set For May 26 The deadline for this material is May 26, and if all of these pages are not in, none of them can be printed. If secretaries have any
Cadette Engineering Society Hears Dean A. A. Potter Speak Dean A. A. Potter of the ^|fineering School was the principal speaker last night at the meeting
questions on how to write their of the Cadette Engineering Society
page, telephone the Debris office between the hours of 4 p. m. and 6 p. m. If they have not yet been contacted about copy, please call at the
Debris office at once.
Prof, D. T. Canfield of the school of Electrical
ries of three lectures next Thurs- Engineering has just returned from day and Friday afternoon and eve- attending a meeting of the National
ning for staff members and gradu- m^ter Committee and the Appara- because his purpose was to
held in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Ruth Crommer presided and Mildred Bond introduced the
speaker.
Dean Potter spoke on engineering as a whole, saying that engineering is an art of visualized science, economically handled lor the good of humanity. He explained that the engineer was against
of hours to perform. Long Pendulum Used
Apparatus for the job will be a
ed over a meeting of the joint Man- Reed’s orchestra,
power-Army-Navy Committee on Albert Warren, Company 9, Secselection of non-federal education- tion H, gave an exhibition of weight al institutions for training of men lifting during the program which
was closed with the heavyweight
boxing bout.
weighted cord suspended from the . ^ • a • u- n "" ° roof of the field house and allowed Ontario^Agricultu Co ege, a campus with only
to swing back and forth in a ceitain
direction. According to Prof. Ayers, the pendulum should gradually tlirh its direction of swing due to the rotation of the earth. Notice There will be an editorial board meeting of the Exponent staff at 4 this afternoon in the conference room of the Agriculture Experiment Station. ' BOS WINKLE ■F
Musicians Of Indiana To Compete In Annual Festival Here July 17
University Music Festival will
ate students in engineering, chem-
istry and physics.
Two of the lectures will deal with the Galois Theory, a relatively old subject, and will be given Thursday and Friday evenings at
7:30 in room 218 of the Recitation cussed the post war meter.
Building.
The third talk will be for specialists in algebra and will be given at 4 p. m. in the same room. This talk will deal with some recent research performed by Dr. Artin in the field
of algebra.
Dr. Artfn came to this coutitry from the University of Hamburg, Germany, and is considered among the foremost living mathematicians
today.
manager of a large Minnesota farm occasional trips to the national
and an experimentalist on the capital 12,000 acre Standard Cattle Com- jjuiott Honored
pany farm in Nebraska. After his Elliott was honored Tuesday work as an experimentalist, he advisory joined the faculty of the University gg,^,^it^gg gf ^^g ^
of Nebraska and two years later Library Board. The board be held again this year, in conjuncwas called here. jg ^g consult and advise with Dr. tion with the Chicago Music Festi-
Camc To University In 1903 Christopher B. Coleman, director val, eliminations taking place on f^QjjQf SfcateS And All
Since he started his work at the of the state historical bureau, on Saturday afternoon, July 17, and University in 1903, he had enlarged publication of historical material the being held in the department of agronomy from a and particularly the cornpliation of the Hall of Music the evening of one course schedule to 17 class pro- historical data on the state’s part July 17, according to an announce-
tus Committee of the Edison Elec-
tric Intitute.
Held at the Edgewater Beach Hotel, Chicago, the meeting was attended by meter engineers from all over the United States, who dis-
Committee Election In the faculty balloting to determine members of the Executive Committee, Prof. J. A. Estey and George Hawkins were elected. They will serve for three years. Approximately threequarters of those to whom ballots
were sent, voted.
ALBJERG
serve the common man by i^uCing drudgery in his daily life. A brief history of engineermg was sketched starting with the an.cient Greeks and ending with "the University’s accomplishments in. the fields of engineering research* “This war will force women to be considered equal to men” said Dean Potter, “and whether married or not, she should have her own career. A woman can never tell when she’ll need to have something to fall back on—married or not." The RCA cadettes were guests df Curtiss-W right. Refreshment^
were served.
(See WIANCKO, page 4)
in the war.
this Indiana Weather.... Family Evacuates
To High Ground
For Third Time In Last Thirty Years
By Katy Howes For the third time in 30 years, the family of Henrietta Davis, a student at the University, has been flooded out of their home by the over ambitious Wabash River. In spite of the fact that her father’s farm north of town is completely covered with water which has risen to a level of two feet in their house. Hanky, as she is more popularly known, says that she stills feels as if it were something very remote happening to someone ^he knows only slightly. Moved Out In 1936 When she was home last, the watei had reached their front yard, but Hanky has seen that happen jhany times before. In the 1936
flood, the family moved out of the house although it eventually turned out that the water did not leach lU The 1913 flood covered the house to the level of the window sills, making it necessary to evacuate her great grandmother, who had been firmly convinced that the water would never harm them, through the window by means of a rowboat. Help Neighbors Evacuate Taking no chances this time. Hanky’s family moved their heavy furniture out Monday with the aid of the entire neighborhood.'In return, I](ar<J{y’& two high school age hi others have been helping evacuate four or five of the neighboring families and have been working so
constantly that they get only two hours sleep a night. One family had to move out at four in the morning when the water began seeping in their front door. Animals Removed Safely All of the farm animals were removed safely with the exception of the chickens which were left in the hayloft, making it necessary for someone to row out there each day
to feed them.
The farm has been in the possession of her family for over 100 years, a log cabin being the original building on the place. Hanky is working in the University Library this summer although she will register in the fall as a'senior in Home
Economics.
ment made by Albert P. Stewart, Director of Musical Organizations
yesterday.’
As in the past, the baton twirling contest will take place in front of Fowler Hall and the contest eliminations will be held in the Union. Fifth Annual Festival This is the fifth annual music festival sponsored by the University. Similar music contests and festivals are held all over the country each year, and the winners |n these festivals compete with each other at the “finals”, the Chicago Music Festival. The five-year history of the University Music Festival ihas featured such .star's as Lanny Ross and Edith Mason of the Metropolitan Opera Company. Phil Maxwell, Director of the Chicago Music Festival, has served as Master of Ceremonies at all the previous University festivals, and will probably serve again this year, according to Dii-ector Stewart. Maxwell, a graduate of DePauw, is the originator of the Chicago Music Festival. Contests Here The following contests will take place here: vocal, men’s and women’s voices (16 years or older); choral, women and mixed choruses (See MUSIC FESTIVAL, page 4)
Bewildered Cadettes Begin Loti| Hard Road To Engineering Careers
By Anne Muller Now used to their new equipment of water wings and roller skates, the RCA cadettes are well on the way to becoming engineering aids. All courses that are given are preparing them for a fundamental knowledge of radio engineering and radio manufacture. The cadettes consider the course in electronics, which goes by the high-flutin’ name of Direct and Alternating Series Circuits, to be the stiffest of any given. Perhaps it’s not that the professors are tough, but that the course is entirely new to nearly everyone, and absolutely bewildering to the novices. For years each girl has turned on light switches, picked up telephones, and used flash lights but not until now have they known what makes them tick. (At any rate they’re supposed to know.) Cadettes Bewildered At First Imagine walking into an entirely strange building, into an equally straivge looking laboratory, and up to a box full of miscellaneous
pieces of wire, soldering irons and resistors, and having an instructor announce that each group in the class was to set up a simple series parellel circuit. The cadettes without the slightest idea of what they were doing, fussed around until each gioup had a mass of wires hooked up and found that the task was after all^n easy one. The only disastrous results were a few minor burns from the wrong end of the iron and a few fingers pinched in trying to skin off insulation. After the cadettes found out that Mike’s Castle wasn’t the Beta house, they realized that here they would receive the most practical application of radio manufacturing that could be had. The classes were divided into two groups, one starting out on lathes and the other on the tool bench. Wearing baggy old plants and headrags, and getting grease all over' themselves from the tips of their noses to the seat of their interiors, seemed to agree with them, for it is agreed that turning out hammer handles on a
lathe and filing them down to a bright finish is fun. Work Connected With The Play Though much of the program sounds like all play and no work, it is to be realized that these foture engineers are here on a job that is going to be useful not only to themselves, but also to the pi;esent emergency. The RCA plants in Various parts of the country need ne-* sistants who have the fundamental knowledge of mathematics, el^* tricity and radio which will enable them to assemble sets, check equipment and run ekperimeirtal te^ts. Engineers who graduate with 46grees are too far advance for sqoh routine work, while unrtained pOi> sons do rrot have the background pr skill, so it’s up to the cadettes tpjtoterpret and set up blue prints the outfits called for. The R04s cadettes are enjoying their stay hgre, but they are always aware |h#t they have a goal to reach^ a|l4 it will only be gained through hard stvrdy. .,
^ A ^
n
w^§
Purdue - Exponent
Thursday, May 20, 1943
Purdue Exponent
r** c.i
Offices * Editorial and Business Piirdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 ^tfi'ts, fieldhouse, Phone 2792 ’Editorial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
Honorarjp Editor g onorary Editor onarary Business Manager With the Colors
William G Hoskins Dale E Butz Gerhard If Klouman
Editor ^ ITdalKWik mtfagdr Neira Editor Managing Editor Advertising Manager Bports Editor „ CSjd Editor
Robert W Boswinkle Jtrtrtek G Petty Sally Beall Donald E Brewer A Jane Keim Joseph S Dawson Jean Eader
j ^ Pubhcltion Staff t ditorial Stair Ad^ni^e Editors ’1 U Abbot C C Martindell E F Mur phy, W*H Tyson W 1 Vermilion C J Wilbur Coad Staff Ruth 1 ord Madelyn Grotnfc Katlurme Howes Sports Staff R M Lipes R J Smith C h Sowards Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager C L Gaunt lAyiflSt ^rictor J B Tabb (Hycillation Manager R G Saucrman AMOunlk Manager Mary Dilts
^i^-In-Chief
Yhe Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue
Iifight Editor Fo-d Day Editor Howes Si^rts Editor Grotncs Issue Editor Steffes
Reporters Muller Hablas Jamison Theiiio Speok Baynes Gruensvald Swtrltloff Hammond Simon Sherry
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette, Indiana under the act ot Congress of March 3 18 9 and at the special rate of postage provideil for in section 11D3 act ot October 3 1911 authorized January 20 1922 published on Tuesday Thursday and Saturday mornings dur ing the year Delivered locally by earner for $120 for a semester by mail for $1 6(1 fQi a semestei Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union Represented for national advertising by National Advertis ing Seivice lie Cillcge Fiiblishtrs Representatives 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
Women Go Forward After War. .. Many people, looking ahead to postwai day=!, are now talking about the piobable boost in the social status of women How gi eat a boost it hiay be is still a mattei of conjectuie, the fact remains that a change will come a change that will piobably place women on an equal social status with men in the days that he ahead This idea that women will move forward to new archievements is not based on theoiy and conjecture alone but has some solid, historical background The Civil Wai ushered in the beginnings of woman’s maich to the high place she holds m modern society The advent of organized nursing at this time was the first inkling of advances in the status of women, leading to the formation of the Red Cross and the appearance ol women in the field of social work Following World War I came the nineteenth amendment, extending the suffrage and giving women the same power as men in the governing of our country When hostilities cease and a war-weary world turns to the task of reconstruction after this, the most devastating war ever known what will be the status of the women of this world’? It IS safe to chance a guess that their achievements duimg the war years will make many women unwilling to settle back to former occupaU i nu a lower social status. During these emergency years women have quickly and capably filled jobs that formerly wbre designated “for men only” Not only have women proved their value in industry, but they have also stepped into uniform and have invaded the most masculine sanctum of all, the aimed forces There is a possibility that in peacetime these women who are now serving in the armed forces may continue m then work . . that there may be a need foi them to continue in the services they now lender to the nation Women now working in wartime factories find that they enjoy the woik they are doing, and it may be that after the war they will not want to return to their homes Nursery schools, which take care of the children of working mothers, have developed greatly during the wai yeais, pointing ahead to a future of enormous development ot nurseiy schools to relieve motheis toi woik Tiaming in a good nuiseiy school is beneficial to a child’s development and not harmful to family ties and in these schools lies the solution to the gieatest hindrance to women taking then place in man’s woiking world In the last Saturday Evening Post an article on absenteeism states that it is problems at home which keep most women away from work, so, nursery schools such as the one developed by Heniy Kaiser to take caie of the children ol his women employees, will go fai to solve these problems and release women from home duty to allow them to work Another thing about which one wonders is how great the task ot returning to peacetime conditions will prove to be ... if there will be so many things to do in oui postwar world and that the reconstruction will be so gieat that everyone will be needed, men and women alike Whatever the change in status ol women will be, we are sure that it will be a great jump forward towards equality with men. How great it will be, we can’t say, that it will come, we are sure.*~m.j.l.
qiie VMSUMSTOK ^ Tm U S P»\ 0« medry-w-roumd By DkEW tEAR^ON Secret Testimony Reveals That Wfeddy Cabinet Meetings Held IniFormafly, Without Rian WASHINGTON—Ceitairi Senatois who have been working baclcEftage foi a stieamhned “war cabinet’ got some Intelesting ammunition when they ciossexamined one of the President’s close associates at a elosed dooi committee meeting They learneci that cabinet meetings, except for an increase in the numbei of paiticipants, still aie being conducted on an informal, ci acker baai el basis, with no plan oi system The weekly meetings aie conducted without an agenda Cabinet officeis and agency heads nevei know what will be discussed from week to week, fiequently come unprepared foi policy questions that affect them Senators who have been digging into the matter feel that the White House secretariat should contact department and agency heads several days before a cabinet rtiefeting to learn w'hat probletns they want to discuss with the President On the basis of this, as well as matters the President himself intends to bring up, an advance memorandum cSuld be prepared and distributed befoie the meeting Besides regular cabinet officers, theie are usually a dozen other top government officials at White House sessions, including Harry Hopkins, Manpower Chief Paul McNutt, WPB Chief Donald Nelson, Paim Czai Chester Davis, Economic Stabilizer James Byrnes, Admiral William D Leahy Time was when disputes between depai tments and agencies wcie iioned out at a cabinet meeting, but not now Even disputes affecting majoi militaiy and do mestic policies aie passed ovei Pavoiite tuck ot de liaitment heads, who have a ticklish mattei on thou minds IS to wait until the meeting is finished, then pass a note to the Piesident stating then paiticulai pioblem with a request foi a piivate audience This technique Was oiigmated by militaiy and naval spokesmen who liankly state that they do not wish to ail then tioubles at a meeting attended by so many people Howevei this means a line of cabinet officeis waiting then tin n to talk to the Chief as they file out of the Cabinet loom and usually othei cabinet mem heis don’t know what then colleagues have talked about Mrs. Wallace Will Dehydrate Many a housewife is alieady planning to woik ovei the canning j ns at the end oi the 'Victoiy gaiden season But Mis Heniy Wallace has diffeient plans She and the Vice Piesident aie pioducing vegetables m then Victoiy gaiden at the Swiss Legation but the piocess of putting them up foi the wintei will be dif leient Mrs Wallace has a dchjdiator Hci husband got if for her, because he likes the latest inventions, and wanted to see how it would work Ihe dehydrator takes the water out of the vegetables, leaves them m a condition tor keeping all winter It has the doilble advantage ot being an easier and cooler process of preserving Also the product takes less space than the rows ot jars NOTL The Wallaces have planted a lot ot tonn toes plus a vaiiety of seeds the Vice President hi ought back fiom South Ameiica On the $ame day he le turned, Heniy planted the seeds which Litni fiionds had given him Dies Face Red One piece of inside evidence has just leaked out legaiding Frederick Schuman ioieign broadcast analyst of the Pedeial Communications Commission who was tailed as a ‘led’ by the Dies Committee It caused the lace ol Dies chief investigatoi Doc ’ Mallhews, to take on the coloi of the charge In cross examining Schuman Matthews tiled to make him admit Communistic’ ties because he had made speeches seveial yeais ago befoie the Chicago Woikeis School and two othei obscure left wing groups The FCC official admitted making the speeches but said he had nevei been a membei of the groups ‘ I can’t say whethei they belonged to the Com munist front oi not, Schuman declaied Dies probei Matthews snatched up a book, en titled “Woild Revolutionaiy Propaganda ’ by Haiold D Lasswell foimei piofessoi ot political science at the Univeisity of Chicago Lasswell is a noted authoi ity on Soviet propaganda helped the OWI set up its jiiopaganda analysis division Waving the book tii umphantly at Schuman Matthews assei ted ‘ Well, Haiold Lasswell says these groups are Commuiiistic ” Schuman replied that he had the highest respect lor Lass well’s integiity and ability “If he said so, then it’s true,” agreed the the ECC official When Matthews finished his examination, he magnanihiously asked Schuman if there was anything he would like to add Schuman fished a letter from his pocket, which he said had been wiitten by a friend recommending him foi his ECC job ‘Frederick Schuman is admit ably qualified for this position,” Schuman quoted from the letter “Ihere is no question about his leliability, loyalty, patnotism and devotion to the United States ” Ihc letter was signed by Haiold Lasswell (Copyiight l<)ld by United Ee itiuc Syndicate, Inc )
Ssluiiai. StldpBA. First- Lt. E. P. Hurley 1938 giaduate ot the Univeisity icceivcd his bombaidiei wings fiom the Aimy An Eoice Bombai dici School Midland lex on M ly 15 He was among 18 men tiom Indiana who completed then 12 week tiaining pci lod on that date Lt Iluilcy is the son of Ml and Mis IdwaidD Huilcy Route 1, Laiaycttc Lt. B. E. Davis loimei Univeisity student in the ME school, has been awarded the silvei stai at Lowiy Field, Colo , foi heioism in the Solomon Islands last Septcmbei 8 then pilot ol a fightci plane, Davis paiticipated m dive bombing and stiafing missions which lesulted in the destiuction ol 40 landing boats and supplies
‘The voters ai e getting mighty dilficiilt these days Used to be, we cotild piomise 'em a new postoffice, now we have to promise a new world ”
University Calendar
Thursday, May 20
G 30 P M Chambei of Commeice Dmnei
W Eaculty Lge , Union
Today's Screen Review
News—8 min. Animal Families—9 min. Journey to Denali—10 min. March ot Time—20 mm. Unusual Occupations—10 min. Hollywood Daredevils—9 mm. Bah Wildeiness—8 min.
3:10319-
3:27—4:41 3:35—4:49 3:44—4:58 3:54—5:08 -4:14—5:28 -4:24-5:38 -4:33—5:47 Out—5:55
fashions For Femmes By Noi ma Roll Ram' Ram' Ram' We giils with oui peiishable ban aie contiiving all soits of protective devices to keep it from getting a good Wetting What about the gals with the scaivos of blight cotton punt mateiials, stiaight fiom the yaidage bolts and the coloiful pitchwoik quilt effect made by adding scrap to sciap of an> old mateiials'^ 1 hen if you aie an unfortunate victim you can always biaid that stiingy hair into two \er> becoming pigtails or just pile it up if you have the face for it Of course there is the time when we all want to add a little pomp and glory to our ciown, and that is where the time for sprinkling of dewj floweis is not only pleasing to look upon but a little less perishable It we trj artificial floweis, the same effect is achieved If oiu lam evei leaves us well see hot weathei and plenty of it So staich up those neit gmghims and bung out j^oui glazed cotton punts just in case Well all want heaps of knit shuts and fully blouses to weal with clevei punted peasant skiits and pmiloies Something neat in i pe isant skiit is a low of hi,, squaie head scarves all sewed into a heavy fullness foi thit houi glass figuie We ve got something new lor the daiiitj maid—1 iglit sticks ot Friendship Garden ’Shelton original, loi the tiagrant bath Clever and very neat for a well meaning giil Litest and no doubt the best vitamin tieatment foi anyone’s skin is good old ’Vitamin D It is sti light fiom the sun w hen we have it, plentilul and veiv inexpensive Well girls chins up until the sun shines—then we will al’ h i\e a chance to store away oui wintei drabs and biighteii up oui siimmei lives with a true ana) ot blight colois
Just Looking Around By .Tack Abbett There seems to be a great deal of lubilation ovei the announcement that the RAF has destroyed two of Hitler’s biggest hydroelectric dams 't’here should be such lubilation but it should be remembeted that the citizens of United States are receiving lust about the same amount of damage from her already swollen rivers and there is the prospect that the waters of the many rivers m , the seven affected states will po^crtnnial rise even higher itf fhe ram * continues. The damage is al ' ready i eported to have reached companies do plan to , Visit the campus, howevei, they hie an estimated fipre of $4,000,- ^^teiested m students foi employ000. The time for jubilation is ^ent aftei we have estimated our own Gale Products, Galesburg, 111— losses and can see a vast difference Inteiested in M E , E E Sign in from OUI losses and those of the Peisonnel Office by Wednesday, Geimans The flood will neverthfe 2g less cause a vast cut in the alieady Leai Avia, Inc , Piqua, Ohio—Inestimated loss in OUI harvests foi tciested in M E, TE E Sign by Wednesday, May 26 ^ XXX New York Central System, OhiThe Piesident has been saved eago, 111—Inteiested m C E,M E fiom the possibility of having^o Sign by Wednesday, May 26 veto much disputed Ruml tax plan Carborundum Co, Niagara by the lefusUl of the House of Rep Tails, N Y-—Inteiested m E E , lesentative to pass the proposed Physicists Sign by Wednesday, measuie, but theie is still the possi May 26 bility that the mattei might be U^e Udylite Corporation, Detioit, biought up for fuithei consideia Michigan—fnteiested in Chemists, tion, and if it is not biought dp ChE Sign by Sattiiday, May 29 again the'Congress still has some 1* K Malloiy Co, Indianapolis, tax plan to adopt befoie the pies Indiana—^Inteiested in E E Sign ent fiscal yeai comes to an end Satuiday, May 29 The President has not made any Cities Service Refining Corporadefinite committment on his lea tion, New Yoik N Y—Inteiested sons foi opposition to the Ruml Chemists, ChE plan, but it seem to he in the fact EdWard Valve & Mkntifacthat he visualizes that m the futuie turing Co , Int, East Chicago—-In-theie may be some yeai that the terested in Engmeeis Sign by Satpeople would not havd to pay any mday May 22 tax because of anothei geneial de
piessioii XXX
John L Lewis has decided that he should get out of the mess that he has so nicely placed himself in
as giacefully as possible The fact Univeisity, wasiecently named the that he has shown a willingness to fiist pnze winner m the Midweshold off the coal stiike foi anothei tein Wiiteis’ Confeience held in two weeks is ample pioof of the Chicago in lecogmtion of an aitide
above fact but this seems to make he submitted
little diffcience to Congiess Which jviakmg Pilots Today-Fmding IS going ahead with its proposed Them Jobs Tomoiiow”, the title of bill to outlaw strikes Lewis has rpemo’s report tells the stoiy of not backed down completely, how Chicago Junioi Association of ovei, and he still lefiises to meet Commeice naval lehabilitation with the Wai Labor Boaic This 1(1^ ^his project has enabled
fusal to meet with the WEB has biought no sign of renewed wouy
because the people have begun to ceived the oppOltun.ty ,f “Aviatoi’s realize that Lewis is losing his roundation” had not given them a
Don Terrio Wins First Prize In Writers' Meet Don Ten 10, a ’40 giaduate of the
luthonty in both his union and in othei positions that ho use tp hold
sway ovei
Student Officers sixteen altogethei who were assigned to the Navy’s WTS Plight Instinctois’ School at the Univei sity successfullly completed then seven month tiaining couise on Tuesday and left foi Chicago to le poit foi fuithei assignment by the Naval Aviation Cadet Selection Board These men, who will be as signed to a naval aviation base foi a final check befoie being awarded then wings weie enteitained it dinnei Tuesday night at the L i fayette Country Club
helping hand
R. B. STEWART TO SPEAK AT BUTLER Ml R B Stewait University comptiollei has been chosen to speak at Butlei Univeisity com mencement exeicises to he held on Tune 7 10 A M at the North Meth_ odist chinch in Indian ipohs Siewait in addition to being Uni LUMA TODAY - FRI. - SAT. DOM M BARRY
veisity comptiollei, holds the position of liaison officei between all schools and the joint aimy and navy cduc itioii committee He has also written scvcial books on the subject of college ind univeisity finances uid IS known is a lectinei in the field
Two Univerfeity ot Pittsburgh alumni, Regis Toomey, ’18, and Gene Kelly, ’33, aie acting in motion pictures tor M-G-M in Hollywood
MARS TODAY and TOMORROW
OF
Sc een Pay Wa on V/ison Do othy Bennett F om a Coll e s Magaz ro Story by Pcha d Cngl sS Drected by J^AN YARBROUGH
""Rom
Roma
IN AFRICA!
"The greatest full-length battle film of the war!" ■—Variety
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. urtrmnt
NWiil
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
One of t-he GreJl Novels of Our Time in Gorgeous Technicolor' "CHAD HANNA" — with — DOROTHY LAMOUR HENRY FONDA — PLUS — "THE HIDDEN HAND" — with — CRAIG STEVENS JULIE BISHOP WILLIE BEST
— COMING — Bob Hope—Dorothy Lamour — in — 'THEY GOT ME COVERED'
TODAY THRU SATURDAY FIRST RUN WESTfejtN
IHEnUBlIlE CUlFUKIIlEU'llirEIIWffills' — and
— ALSO—'
V' THE mu:Y OF VANISHING MEN Bill; ELLIOU
CHAPTER 11
— PLUS — LATEST PATHE NEWSIfey
BoitermnUer Sports
If.iiiilfi 1 itr rMiiiiViiii t nni iiiji I jjiiiilin ain^ititri
j^UNfS TO MAjMSON THR WfEktWO
' 5S i \
CORNELIUS WARMERDAM^ i^coyi^s fOR V^TKlf
DISCLOSED
:V
Bill Btjd<fiardt, Riveter Athlete, Gets ERC Call
Riveters Meet Badi^ In Two Game Serks
Warmerdam Oescribes The Sports Wave
By Madelyn Grotnes
. 1 • M • I ^ iwaaeiyn trro His Vaulting Technique Bascbaii team Looks Good
■ Rain or no rain there’s no stonnine the I
In a recent interview printed in the magazine, “The Coach”, Cornelius Warmerdam said, “Speed on the approach plus a high grip on the pole is the secret of vaulting 16 feet or over.” The world’s first and only 15 foot polo vaulter, he holds his pole
fs feet, 8 inches from the end.
Theoretically a vaulter can jump three feet above his hand grip point. His mechanical limit would thus be about 16 feet, jg oj^g gf most important indi2 inches, deducting box depth, vidnals in aiiy man’s career.” It was if his forward impetus could his high school coach, Anderson, of
Hanford High School who brought
Rain or no rain there’s no stopping the Riveters from playing baseball, for the Fieldhouse is now serving a needfi^f purpose for our hardy sportsmfen. At the moment our baseball team is decked out in their grey and black unifoims. The team looks mighty strong to us and if weather
permits will come out with some good scores. Swimming Practice Needed
Now we know why the University adopted the new policy of “Every Purdue woman a swimmer.” The foresight of this school is wonderful.' It won’t be too long till we swim to classes so you’d better practice up on
your “dog paddle” if you dont’ want to be late.
Favor Army-Navy Game
jlot be converted into upward motion with maximum efficiency at
tjie takeoff.
Practices Sprints Many Y^^ubers favor pull-up exercises but Warmerdam spends much of his time practicing sprints to obtain blazling speed. His vaulting emphasizes the spring and puSb-off. tie predicts, “The guy who clears 16 feet will be a sprinter of the Hal Davis type, plus a strong armed acrobat op the parallel bars like Varoff. He should stand G feet, 3 inches or over. His arms must be long enough to giip the pole abnor-
msilly high.
Receives Sullivan Trophy
him to the attention of Flint Hanner of Fresno State College. Hanner told him, even when he was being beat consistently, that some day he would go to 15 feet. His third coach, Charlie Hunter, gave him the confidence and opportunity to compete for his Olympic
Club.
Darkest Day Of His Career The darkest day in his career was in 1986 when he had a growth on his ankle and was eliminated in the semi-finals of the Olympic tryouts. Now an Ensign in the Navy, he sheepishly admits that the vaulters use bamboo sticks made in Japan and says the supply is running low.
The baseball season could certainly be brightened up with 'a game between the sailors and army men. Two of the service men now hold positions on the Boilermaker team. There’s nothing better than a game between the army and navy whether it’s baseball or football. As soon as we get a litle more co-operation from the weather we may have a better chance to see a few of these games.
Wafrer Sports Favored
The holder of the world’s record He adds, “But GeneTal Doolittle’s of 16 feet, 81/2 inches was presented flying circus will end that shortage with the James E. Sullivan Memo- shortly.”
rigl Trophy, as the outstanding amateur athlete and sportsman of li)42, at a recent luncheon at the
New York Athletic Club.
Warmerdam said in his acceptance talk, “I think that the coach
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
HEALTH FOR VICTORY! Eat ^oods which are well prepared and which contain plenty of the \ vitamins necessary for good health. The CAFETERIA in the Purdue Union serves delicious food at moderate prices, JAiL (pJUAduJL WjumihmL lAmmL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Since the rain has washed out most of our favorite sports maybe we could organize a crew team. The Wabash is providing the water so now all we need is the team. There may be one difficulty and that is that it may stop raining and then what would our proposed crew team do? This is taking the optimistic point of view though. Rumor has it that three of our eds have a good head start now. Softball Night League A good many of the studenfs are signed up for the Lafayette softball night league. All ball games have been rained out so far but hope hasn’t been given up yet. So if you want to see some of the local boys in action come out and see a few of their games at Columbian Park. Committee For Organized Sports President Roosevelt may organize a committee of three to settle all difficulties found among organized sports today. The committee would solve such problems as continuation of sports where the transpoitation IS a considerable factor, night games, and so forth. Wildcats Toss Out Game The old Northwestern custom of tossing seniors into Lake Michigan may have been the reason for the Wildcats losing the Big Ten golf championship to Michigan. Their No. 2 player was injured during the annual dunking and caused a marked difference in his game.
Blind Compete In Sports
The Green Institute team is composed of blind athletes who have developed a keen sense of space which makes up for their lack of sight. These athletes cohipete in tiack, field events, swimming, wrestling and baseball against sighted opponents.
Sports Shorts Fifty-nine senior athletic award winners are eligible for the Michigan State College Athletic Council medal which annually goes to the senior who is judged to have best combined scholarship and athletic piowess. The list, including the names of 22 who have already answered the call to service in the armed forces, was revealed this week by Athletic Director Ralph H. Young. (Of the four major sports, track with 16, contributes the largest number of candidates. There are 14 football men and 13 baseball players. Basketball, oddly enough, has a lone candidate in Captain Carl F. Petroski. Wrestling leads the minor sports with four entries. Decision on the winner of the prized trophy will be made within the next few weeks.
letic staff.l Coach Ben F. Van Alstync, of the basketball team, operates a farm near Canajoharie, N. Y., largely by correspondence. He has a prized registered dairy herd of which he is justly proud.
Two pairs of boxing gloves, properly enscribed and mounted on plaques, have been added to the extensive athletic trophy cases at Michigan State College. They are the gloves worn by Captain William Zurakowski and Charles Davey in winning national boxingchamp ionships at the recent N.C.A.A. meet held in Madison, Wis.
Charles W. Bachman, football coach at Michigan State College, has joined Uncle Sam’s food procuring army. The Spartan gridiron mentor bought a farm within a few miles of the campus two years ago. and plans to operate it personally this summer. Ho is not the only agridulturist on the Spartan ath-
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY PRIVATE LESSONS IN BALLROOM DANCING BY APPOINTMENT PHONE 2150 P. M. Allen, Nationally Known
Instructor
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
Ensign Jacob Speelman, Jr., U.S.N.R., a former freshman football player at Michigan State College, believes his athletic training here will stand him in good stead in the new assignment he has received from Uncle Sam. He is in training to command one of the Navy’s famous PT boats. Riding one of these fast attack ships demands as much physical effort as playing a hard game of football, he reports. Lieut, (j.g.) Steve Glaza, U.S.N.R,. who played baseball here in 1936, and later successfully coached at Millington, is headed for duty as officer of a gun crew on a •nerchant ship. Glaza, who entered the Navy as a non-commissioned officer, has been transferred from the physical training branch. Captain Helge Pearson, a former football player, has recently concluded a tour of duty at the army’s staff command school at Fort Leavenworth, Kans., and is headed for active service in the armored forces. He is from Norway, Mich. Y/AA Tournaments Feature Archery, Tennis, Swimming WAA call-out for those interested in archery is scheduled for Tuesday, May 25, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. This is in addition to the swimming meet and the tennis tournament previously announced. No definite plans have been made, but everyone interested is asked to report for the call-
out.
The amateur swimming meet will take place Friday at 4 p. m. in the gym with comedy and regulation races. No official practices are necessary so all coeds are welcome
PhrHips Advocates 45 Minute limit On Trade Meets Hermon Phillips, Boilermaker cinder boss, has announced his great ambition in life. After spending most of his life as either a ti-ack star or a coach of thinly-clads, “Phil”, as he is known to his friends, stated that he would like to devote the rest of his life to the changing of the present system of track meets. Phillips, believes that the reason cinder meets attract such a small crowd is because so much time elapses between events, which makes matches rather uninteresting. The Riveter mentor reasons that all contests could be run off in 45 minutes, and this would hold the interest of the fans. A result of this policy would attract many more people to witness the meets, and would, therefore, enlarge track into a much more important place in the realm of collegiate athletics. Limit Contestants In order to produce a faster meet it would bf necessary to limit each contestant to one event except in special cases of dash events where the runner could recuperate rapidly or an extra fine physical specimen being on the team. Phillips has an excellent idea for the promotion of the sport of the thinly-clads, and if he carries it out as faithfully as he has his duties as Boilermaker coach, track meets of the future are certain to be listed as a major event on the collegiate athletic card. Burnham Schedules July Grid Practice Gridiron Coach Elmer Burnham has stated that if any student is interested in participating in varsity football next fall and believes that he will still be in school at that time, he should contact Coach Burnham some time this week. This call is particularly directed to freshmen. Burnham wishes to emphasize this to all potential gridiron heros. Formal football practice will open sometime in July, and is scheduled to last about a month. Following this there will be a three week layoff, and then the boys will go at it again in preparation for their first contest late in September. At present the coaching staff is keeping an eye on the P.E. 12 students in hopes that some talent may develop. Only one member of last year’s “A” squad is in school at the present time, and it is questionable whether he will be here when pigskin time rolls around again. Hawks Forced Down A Notch Results of other games have pushed the University of Iowa from third down to a tie for fourth in the Big Ten baseball race—and there is nothing the Hawkeyes can do about
it.
Iowa won 6 of 10 games, its schedule ending May 1. Hawkeyes and Michigan now have the same percentage, .600, although the Wolverines have played only five games. Wisconsin, 4-2; Ohio State, 2-1; and Illinois, 5-3, are teams ranking ahead of the lowans now. The schedule ends June 12.
Michigan Golf Team Wins Big Ten Crown; Wildcats Take Second
Baseball practice continues rain or shine. The Boile'n^siker baseball squad has been taking advantage of the fine "facflities offered by the Fieldhouse to keep in shape for their encounters with the Wisconsin Badgers in a two game series Friday night and Saturday. This will be the last game 'coached by Dutch Fehring, who leaves next week for active service'With the Navy. Limeberg of the
Navy will again play third
base.
The Riyeter-Butler game scheduled for Tuesday" was postponed until yesterday but was necessarily cancelled because of the weathei^i Since Butler los^ several players to the army tomorrow
Michigan added another Wes- ^be game will be played only if a tern Conference title to the list of team can be secured. ' its growing accomplishments when Further Cancellations the Wolverine linksmen beat out Further cancellations have bepn the Northwestern team, 1,289 to made. With the announcement that 1,292. The individual championship Indiana will not play baseball this was shared jointly by Jim Teale of season, the games scheduled for Minnesota and Ben Smith, captain June 4 and 5 weie dropped, of the Wolverine squad. This was p^p Doan, infield shift deluxe, on the second Big Ten won by Michi- pj^et^r baseball squad, has dngan teams in less than a week. ^ther headache to work out. Bill Tie For Individual Title Burkhardt, varsity shortstop,j and Although the two players ended one of the three major lettermen on the tournament in a tie for the this year’s diamond squad, recfefttly title, it has been decided to omit a received one of those importantrfet-play-off and declare Smith and ters from the government. -The Teale co-champions of the 1943 sea- ERC calls him to active seiwicfi son. It is the first time in the his- ginning next Tuesday. This mfekils tory of Big Ten golfing that the in- that after the doubleheader with dividual championship was held by Wisconsin at Madison this weel^e«d, more than one player. the Boilermaker team is -goili^ to Only eight of the conference be minus one first class shortstUfl.' team were entered in the competi- Bill has been one of.theidUh#tion f^or the title, Iowa and the Boil- stops on the team all season, ermakers being unable to muster hitting has been potent, smaelluk
enough golfing strength to enter
the struggle.
Wildcats Three Points From Title Northwestern came within three
out four hits in five times dfe~hSt against St. Joseph in the last eter game, and another- pYbY^^US game, the lad stole four bases. -4b
points of tying for the title and the ^^^se playing of this calibre is Ohio State golfers were-only two to be a serious disadvantage
Boilermakers the remainder ‘<tf=tlie
season.
Great Lite
Out 'Fighting Msf
They are turning out real
fighting men at Great Laked 4kE»!b days. In fact, the 16th Regiin^t has stepped up its mass prograh) lo such a degree that a total of 80 Hom-
ing bouts are staged in th( one hour and 45 minutes!
points behind the Wildcats with 1,294. This was the seventh title for Wolverine teams, as they success-
fully defended the title.
At the end of 64 holes Smith had a six stroke lead over Teale, who had 236, but Teale soon had this advantage down to zero as he completed the next nine holes in 37 strokes while Smith was taking 43
to cover the same distance. Teale , , „
had a chance to be the sole posses- R^imm
sor of the title if he had shot the final hole in par 4. However, he . ,
missed the green on his second shot ® staged in the spRCS'i^
and his 7 foot put was short of the
cup, thus giving him only a share scheme originated Wth in the title.... Chief Specialist Carl Sorehs^ -iff Included on the Illinois team Alden W. Thom^§^)i^ which wound up in fifth place in the Training and Recre^t^ competition at the Westmoreland ® ^ ® mate es two compEmwS Country Club was the Illini one- ^^''^inst each other in regular’WIU-
man track team, Heib Matter, who
had 247 for 54 holes. administrative tnach%#
Tea'll! scores were as follows: ®
Michigan . . 1289 ^ats enough for eight bouts'‘'|o Northwestern . ... 1292 progress simultaneousli^-
Ohio State Minnesota
Illinois .
Wisconsin
Chicago
IM Schedules
Cary Hall Softball Thursday, May 20—6:45
Diamond—
19 Unit 1 vs Unit 3 20 Unit 2 vs Unit 4
to sign up at the gym. All Coeds Eligible Any coed may enter the women’s singles tennis tournament which begins Monday, May 24. Three practices of one set each are requiied if WAA points aie desired; otherwise, coeds need not practice officially. Practice blanks may be obtained at the gym office. These should be filled out and handed in to Pat Carroll before Friday.
Ward Softball (Practice) Thursday, May 20—6:15
17 Owen House vs Westminster
18 Ward 6 vs Ward 7 21 Ward 4A vs Ward 2 22 Ward 3 vs Ward 4
23 Waid 11 vs Wards 14 & 10 Intra Fraternity Softball Results Delta Upsilon 9, Phi Kappa Sig-
ma 2.
Pi Kappa Phi 8, Phi Kappa Psi 4. Sigma Chi 13, Beta Theta Pi 4. Alpha Kappa Lambda forfeited to Sigma Nu. Theta Chi forfeited to Acacia. Sigma Phi Epsilon 6, Kappa Delta Rho 3. Lambda Chi Alpha won on forfeited from Phi Gamma Delta. Phi Kappa Tau 16, Theta Xi 6.
1294 spread upon the deck of one of m 1302 drill halls, and the coritestsihtS 1311 matched to within five |touii<&
1334 other.
1447 At the first gong, contestants are in opposite corners of the ring,
as usual, but in addition
set of opponents occupy the lici-
plally neutral corners of the
ring. Rounds are only of onb minute’s duration, and at the endTisif
that time the waiting battlers
over and fight their first rounff^Sing the rest period. This breaktjfebk pace of organized confusion' eontiiiues until all 80 bouts havfej^^fen
completed. .
Victories are almost alYrasts close. For instance, a recent seefe read: Co. 294 won 38 bouts, Cq.'SSS won 36, six declared even. ' ’
Alpha Tau Omega 10, Sigma Alpha Mu 7. - i/ Tau Epsilon Phi IS, Beta Psi 12. “■ Sigma Alpha Epsilon 18, Kappa Epsilon 3. Phi Sigma Kappa forfeit^! ^to Phi Kappa. Alpha Chi Rt^ 13, Kappa Army A 21, Pi Kappa AtjJhfiU Army C 17, Army B 6. . Phi Delta Theta 4, Alpha SigMii Phi 0. ^siM
tj! % f‘ ^
*'V ^
PurSue Exponent
.'At lift ( ^ A ,#7 hv ThufsSdy, May 20, 1943
Union To Present Lark-Horovitz To Talk
'Swins Shift'Mixer
Adventuresome Coeds '""''"®
Describes Exciting Routine, Army Customs, Promotion
Lt Hatfield Boosts WAACS
To
Radio Club To Hold Callout Tomorrow Night In EE Building
Bj Caroljn Wilbur
“Perhaps the most outstanding WAAC of the day is First Sergeant Louise Anderson, who was my senior officer in basic training camp,” stated attractive Lt. Anne Hatfield as she spoke to coeds at the University Tuesday. “It was Louise An-
derson who acted as secretary for the Roosevelt-Churchill Engmeeimg Building,
Casablanca conference, a conference whose secret, momentous plans may decide the fate of
Striking a new note, Maury Mahn and his oichestra will lead all campus eds and coeds on a caper next Saturdady, May 22. The Student Union IS presenting a novelty mixei, “Swing Shift,” the workers to be composed of those seeking Saturday night employment and
enjoyment
“Certainly every worker will be pleased with the working hours.
Speaking on the “Cooperative Approach to the Teaching of Science in the Schools,” Dr Karl Lark-Hoiovitz will address the American Association of Scientific
Scouting The Shops With Sheets
u. Hi ya, drizzle puss, but let’s be glamorous in all this tlamp-
Workeis at a public meeting to- ness. The Fashion has the new shantung jumper we w all been
the world. First Sergeant Anderson, previous to loining the WAACS, worked as a secre-
Rain (Continued from page 1)
moribw, at 8 p m in room 103 of looking for. No foolin’, it has class. Comes in the Physics Building The public, hl«e, red, gray, tan pink, and white. A straight particularly those interested rn skirt with flarred^shoulder straps gives tall ^rls education, is invited to hear him. width and short girls style. May I suggest a whBe Dr Lark Horovitz started the j'umper with a rayon silk tailored pink blouse, the movement for the improvement of latter being priced at two dollars and twenty-five the teaching of science in the cents; or a blue jumper combined with a white schools about six years ago His crepe tailored blouse at three dollars and fifty ideas are based on the close coope- cents. Cool nights, which are not yet all over, re-
„ „ „ XI 1 U 1 4. 1 1 ration of all scientific and educa- quire a sweater. The Fashion has many all-wool Attendance at the meeting will the workers, which are to be uniim- societies His lecture will sweaters priced from two dollars and ninetydetei mine whether the club will be ited,” said John Woolling, publicity development of the Co- 6ight cents to four dollars and ninety-eight cents, disbanded or remain active during chairman, when asked for a state- Committee in the teach- Black sheers and meshes are taking the headlines
Purdue Radio Club will hold its summer callout at the first meeting
of the club tomorrow evening at which are from 8 30 to 11 30, and 7 15 in room 12 of the Electrical the rest periods for relaxation, con-
versation, and coke guzzling among
the coming semester If the number rnent
present is sufficient, officers will be elected for the summer term
tary which lUSt another proof heard telhng of the family who was ' stranded just off of Barton’s Beach WiU JNot Operate Club fetation
The club offers ham radio fans
that the possibilities of the women in this field aie unlimited ” Lt Hatfield desciibed the adventurous life of a WAAC from the time of eniollment until called to active duty six weeks later on through her basic and specialized
tiaining
Oriented In Basic Training Camps It IS at the basic training camps that the girls aie oriented to army life, learning many interesting facts such as the origin of the sa-
The workers are to report to the factory in the North ballroom of the Union, where they will be assigned to rug-cutting, jitter-bug-ging, or some other such swing movement in the jive department
111 a current so swift the police
couldn’t get to them, and of the opportunity to continue thpii lady who was driving her cai on the hobby while they are enrolled in the
liver road and was caught nr a University On account of wartime ^ ^ whirlpool Hating to abandon her lestiictions, however, operation of holding up production, the
defense workers are asked to wear
ing of science all over the country. The Fashion says they are Since its latest report on “The tops. White frilly collars acid that feminine touch Manpower Problem and the that we all long for.
Schools,” the work of the organiza-
tion has been nationally recognized Wedding hells are tinging for me and my gal, and for that ... X..O ^ ™ the readjustment to the j,g cherished Stop in at Mohlman’s jewelry
Due to the dangers of full skirts war effort, of the science program hand-molded Kensington Crystal. The base of
in the schools every piece is at least two inches thick, thus pro-
becoming entangled in/the machin-
cai, she was being slowly swept to ward the river when a milk truck driver came by just nr time to call the police and rescue her It was also rumored that the Mam street budge would be closed at 11 a m yesterday and many east sideis hui 1 red then car s home, only to find
lute, which dates back to the days the rumor false
of King Arthur when the knights would find it necessary to lift then visors to see Another sidelight Lt Hatfield mentioned is the accepted custom for a suboidmate officer to stand to the left of a superior ranking official For this leason a WAAC may be seen walking on the stieet side of an aimv man instead of the accepted civilian tradition of the man on the outside Classified For Specialized Schools After four weeks of basic training, girls aie classified for specialized schools getting into the field in which the most skill was demonstrated, and usually one m which a preference was shown There is a great demand for women m the ground crew of the Army Air Corps with the air force setting a quota of 500,000 trained WAAC’s Besides the ground crew, girls are needed m chemistry, dietitics, radio, communications and many other jobs The need for WAAC’s is so gieat that a stimulated diive IS now on to have a total enlistment of 90,000 within the next two months At the end of specialized training, the gills are sent to field com paniea such as Baer Field or Camp Atterbuiy to actually relieve men in service Foreign Service Not Required In answer to queues as to whether foreign sjrvice is required of any girl joining the WAAC’s, Lt Hatfield emphatically answered that no gill IS forced into such sei vice, but about 907c of the girls Signify a preference for foreign Work At present theie are WAAC’s stationed m England and Africa, and they are being sent to other places but locations are withheld from the public Lt. Hatfield said that ajrathy can be accredited as the principle reason for non-enlistment Too many Women feel that this is a worthy idea but let someone else do her
share
She went on to say that many teaching gills have a fear of life in an army camp or a fear of opposition of parents and boy friends Then, too. With many giils the question of to-j,om-oi not-to join is decided by jretty circulating lumois such as '^AAC’s aie not allowed to wear make up Rumois as unimportant as this have m many cases been the
deciding factor
Oiaduating Seniors Wanted It IS foi these reasons that Lt Ratfield, WAAC leciuitmg officei, was on campus to mfoim the giils of the true setup of the oiganiza tion It IS hoped that giils m col lege will leniam until giaduation, it is the giaduatmg seniois that the leciuiteis aie most inteicsted in m teiviewmg and enlisting
Among the sights that make up the flood scene are the ATO’s busily shooting rats with rifles;
the club’s radio station W9YB has
been suspended for the duration The meeting will be presided over
by Robert Freyman, secretary-
treasurer, and R C Webb Bartky To Address Sagma Xa Tonighf“Coper incus, the Founder of
Modern Astronomy” is the topic which will be discussed by Dr Wal-
the glimpse, now and then between ter Baitky at an open meeting of
waves, of victory gardens m the river bottoms, the railroad bridge piled with box cars loaded with sand, bits of domestic debus floating by, such as milk bottles and sheets of pink wallpaper caught on
tree limbs
STUDENTS END IN JAIL Commented the excited public on the case of three students who went canoeing for a lark and ended up in jail, “And to think they came here
to get an education'”
F L Merritt, of the Purchasing
Department, came breathlessly to work to tell of piling rugs on top of the piano, chan s on tables, and then wading out of the yard to live with mothei-in law on the hill for the duration Merritt lives on the South River Road near the Wildcat Creek
1913 Flood Moie Dangerous Of course, m 1913 it was much
worse, old timers assure us Then, the whole levee was drowned clear up to Giaves Bakery, where a rope was stretched from one side of the stieet to the other Professor “Bill” Miller, of the Mechanical Engineering Department, told of his expeii ence When the crisis came, he was stranded on the wrong side of the liver and couldn’t get home He tried to walk home across the rail road bi idge, but authorities stopped him Not relisning the idea ot sleep ing on the river bank all night with the rats, he got work in the form of cailying sand bags across the river
Sigma Xi to be held tomoiiow evening at 7 30 in room 211, Stanley
Coulter Hall
Dean Bartky received his Ph D at Chicago in 1926 Before coming there as associate professor in 1933, he acted as mathematics consultant for Western Electric and other
companies
This lectuie is part of the nationwide celebration of the 400th anniversary of the death of Coper ncius YWCA Appoints Cabinet Members President Marthena DuBois announced these new cabinet- members for YWCA Anne McGinnis, Betty Joyce Hughes and Maigie Herd Dona Mane Irion has been chosen to serve as vice president for the summer
jeans, overalls, or slacks Another requirement for every pair of workers IS the usual admission puce of
$1 10
The proper atmosphere will be lent by the backdrop, which will depict a factory, into which is pouring the stream of workers on the “swing-shift ” Wesley Foundation To Hold Barn Dance Fi iday at 8 p nr , an oid fashion-
Grace Russel . . ’40 graduate of the University, has been selected Home Demonstration Agent for Jasper County and IS stationed at Rensselaer
Notices
Bx Civry Club Men Who have lived m Caiy Hail for four or moie semesteis and UL not orj..<iniz(.d may mnkt application ^or Asbociatc Member hip m Cary Club to Jim Bowen Room 130 CHS —BOWEN Secretaries of Honoraries and Organizations Please bring your copv for youi page n the Debris to the Debris Woikbhop imme diately If you have not been contacted
viding an extra precaution for careless movement. No need to worry now about that wedding gift you must buy. Kensington Crystal comes in every piece of crystal a new household needs. And for that graduation gift, metal compacts are also on the list of worthwhile presents. When you see them you will he as thrilled as I was. They are
exquisite.
Attention, Service Men!! Mohlman’s also have a full line of military emblem jewelry. Your girl friend will adore a bracelet with your branch of the 8er^ice crested upon it. Don’t pass up
this oppotunity.
Even though the weather man says rain, we students are all ready for the summer season. Tennis being the favorite sport, as per usual. Yon don’t have a tennis racquet? Well, just hustle yourself over to Decker’s and see the handsome Spaulding racquets. If your last year’s racquet
ed bain dance paity will be held at pi<-abe caii^^^hc^D^i^ris restiung Deiker’s xdso have this equip
the Wesley Foundation, just acioss the stieet fiom the Union Games will be played, squaie dances and social dancing will be held, and le-
fieshments will be seived
The Gieat Hall at Wesley will be
decoiated to lepiesent a bam as jimiois
neaily as possible Theie will be a chaige of 15 cents to covei the cost
of lefieshments
Registration Workers Students who woikcd for the Registrar during the Summer Term Regibtiation may obtiin then checks Dy calling at the Re^istiars Office
—SrONC
Kappa Delta Pi Meeting next Tuesday night it ^ oO in room 307 of the Union Dr H 1 will spe ik It will be open to
nd senioib in education There hort bubincbs mec mg during which a new secretaiy \/ill be deeted
—JOHNSON
AS! Students War stamps for the con\ocation and mixer featuring Stan Kenton and his orchestra are now on sale in front of the Sweet Shop Woolling.
The Ratio
3.85 ... to 1
Aic
Sign in the lobby of the
“Don’t spit on the flooi—lemembei the Johnstown Flood” Oi— “The Wabash is using All those who can’t swim, giab chans ”—Oi —“Damn the toipedoes Full speed ahead ” And if you think we’ie go-
in little cais On the light side once. about the flood on this moie, he quit the job and went you’ie full of sewei juice
peacefully home
And ovei all hangs a damp, fishy smell Tiuly, we can say, “Watei,
watei evei ywhei e ”
Wiancko
(Continued fiopi page 1)
And NOT speaking of floods, the Thetas have been moie than active this week, as it pioves, with diamonds and pins flowing back and foith m the stieam Peg Halt lecently took the next to the last when she accepted a iing fiom Phi Psi, Jack Baliner At the same
ai ound hei e to play with ’ Oi is that the big woriy’ ■—0— UNPAID ADVERTISEMENTLOST One diamond wiist watch, value, $200, location, Happy Hoi low, occasion, Kappa Sig picnic, lewaid, to be detei mined latei, but it’s bound to be whatevei youi little heart desues Get in touch with Betsy Jansing Kappa Kappa Gamma (located in back of ATO house) Telephone, 4079 FLASH Two Kappa Sigs weie found floatinp down the iivei in the vicinity of Happy Hollow aftei a
Education Students Krpiia Delta Pi in vitcs you to itt nd in open mcetmL next ruLsdaj night at 30 p m in loom 307 of the Union Dr Hall fiom the Socioloe.v Department will spt ik on Pioblemfe of Rural Youtli It should be of special interest to anyone who plans to teach —JOHNSON Skull and Crescent Important business has come up Meet in lOom 307 of the Union Thursday May 20 at 7 30 p m Please attend —MARWOOD Union Freshmen and Sophomores Phase rcpoit to Stuhnt Unim office Ihursday May 20 at 1 30 p m Impoitint meeting —WOOLING C E 41 An examination foi the removal of conditiins and i iconiplctes will be held in room 12'" Heavih n Hill it 1 30 p m on Situiday M iv 29 Pei mission to take the examination must be obtained fiom the undtibigned belore M ly 26th
—GRPVE
Purdue Radio Club Impoil int meeting in loom 12 of the Electiieal building Fiiday May 21 it 1 > p m All peisms inter ebted are luged to ittend this meeting —PAGLIARULO All Students Examinaticns to remove Glade 2 in Mathemitics will be held on Siturday May z.2 at 1 10 p m in loom 218 Recitation Building Peimits must be obtained at the Mathemitics Office not lat er than Piiday May 21
—AYRES
ment. Armour’s tested gut is used exclusively. To com])lete your tenuis wardrobe a Spauldiug “T” shiit and shorts, in red and white stripes and white shorts, is just the thing. No trouble to win a set of tennis decked out in this outht. But, you’re telling me that you don’t play tennis? Well, Decker’s don’t stop there. Ben Pearson hows and arrows are becoming quite popular with people all over the country. Come in and see llie equipment,
anything and everything you want.
Still raining!! W on’t it ever stop so that my column will not he so coulradiclory to the weather man? So goes life. Bye for nov^, nice people. I enjoyed our little gah-fest.
Kappa Delta Pi Plea'^e nport to loom 307 of the Union uL )) m Ihuisd ly b It i the meeting foi i Debris pictuie t) be til n —JOHNSON All Students Jheie ar soveial openings in Cook County scholuship aw irds At )>!i c ition bl ml b m b bccuud bv contietnj. the olhee of the Division < 1 Lducation Rt itrring room Mi Fxeculne hiikiing 1 n lois ind btni s fg 11 st uidn g 1 rom Cook County 111 high schools irt ligil 1
KEMMIRS
AS( E Members Impoitint m ting on Ihutsday evv.niig it p m in lo m 10 f th( Unnn All nimbtis be the i In formal picture foi Debris will bt I ik n
LBBLINC
Chi PpsiJon Impoitint m cling Ihuisdiv ov rung it p m in rt < m 10 f ih Uni n All membeife bt theie Infoimil i ittui foi Debris will be tal t ri EBBI ING WAA C( uncil m ting Iiidn M ly 21 at 1 p m in WAA ofhee —BAUCHM \N Omicron Nu Debris pictur will be t 1 nt the Home Pe building Iiidav M iv 21 promptly it 1 p m —BI ALI
Classified Ads
Typewriters Adding maenmes all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeogiai h vvoik done C J Eberahoff, 606 Main,
Lafayette Phone 2779
Money to Loan On diamonds ’watches, guns lugg ige typewriters Alberts Loan
Office 407 Columbia
■"Vanted Stuknt pin settleis Apply Mcniiiinl Union liiilding Biwling Alleys ifterno n r evening hours Aveiage pay
<0 cents per hoin
I 0 it—I udy s Di imond H imilton watch at Hippy Hollow Peisonilly v ihiable to ownci I ibt r il lew lid B J 1079 Ijost—Black and gold Scheafftr fountain {cn has n\ nei s name cngiaved If fountl iLtuin t) 123 W Wood oi call 0512 Reward Will the person who exchanged my bteolr,re> 1 unit at for his tan corduroy reversible 111 CoIIk Shop jiltase e ill 410G4
giam by 1916 when he gave up his tnue unhappy things weie
duties and devoted his
time to expel imentation and lescaich Piofessoi Wiancko estab lished the soil and ciop expeiimental laim at Lalayette and also the many outlying laims thiough out the state He also developed one ol the hist systems of feitilizei 1 ecoinnicndations based on these
expel iments
Iho piolessoi will continue his
expel imentation heie on a special assignment, on which he has been w 01 king foi some time, aitei hib
letnement is consummated
Music Festival (Continued liom page 1) ot twenty oi moie mcmbeis, con celt band, adult and juvenile, aeeoidion band, flitted oiehestia, piano, aeeoidion, mandolin, Hawaiian guitai, Spanish guitai, ten Ol- banjo, and baton twilling, adult,
Flood Causes Park
Celebration Postponement
Columbian Paik’s Filthieth Anil iveisaiy celebiation scheduled May JOth and 31 has been post
happening to Biothei Bob Brodd as he stood staling at his pin fleshly letiuned by Theta Jean Kelly. In the meantime anothei tall, daik and lancid looking Phi Psi looms laige in the hoii/on Who says theie IS nothing to these elassioom lomanees ’ Still jouncing aiound on the kite stung, Mariljn Llojd plans to maiiy-up with Jim Abernathy on July the thud Blessings on ye m’chilluns
•—0—
Oiange blossoms aie floating all ovei the place this week Virginia Giaves, staley blonde tiom the Kappa mansion, wound up six yeais
Someone is wilting these heioes entitledbounded”
■—0—
Al “Crummy” Kiumholtz is mak mg Bertie Cole a happy little giil once again Oi wasn’t that his gieat big Sigma Chi pm she was wealing the othei week’ Oh, well, those things come and go, you know. They aie pulling some laie stuff in Claudia ovei at ’Liza Fowler Did somebody cut the laces on that puie but stagnant Diamatics Commit tee’ All that can be said on this point IS "Bettei late than nevei”
oi com tin’ when she hitched heiself Anyway, they’ie having fun, which up in a maiital way to Phf Gam is as it should be Let’s make meny,
Bob Cutler’s stai-wagon m aii elab oiate ceiemony in the Piesbyteiian Chuich Didn’t know Kappas could
stick that long
etc , etc
MASCULINE PLEA I wish I weie a kangeioo,
—0— Despite his peculiai stances, And then Iheie’s Alpha Xi Delta I’d have a place to put the stuff
queenic, Vivian Peterson, who took
polled until July 4th and 5th Wil- an engagement lock fiom Gil Wat ham Stalled, executive secietaiy eis, Decembei giad, with a splash
(Ouch, oh, oh We take it back Yea,
ol the I aiayetto Chambei ot Com meicc, dcclaicd yestciday altei-
3 he oiiginal date was unsuitable
even now the little oiange kernels aie falling) It’s all tine, too tiue Helen Schramm, oi same house, has taken Jim Hunt’s, of dil-
The gill fiiend bimgs to dunces (People keep contubutmg these things)
—0—
The cosmetic counteis in town no ticed a decided pick up m business the day the Pi Phi pledges weie thiough \Mth “Couitosy Week” No
junioi, and juvenile 3he judges because ot the woik in cleaning La , „ j will make then decisions the day of lajette and the much delayed faim feient house, Alpha Chi Rho pm longei spoiting make up less pusses
icsidcnts and faimeis will be Which bimgs back tendei memoiies, they have gone away with the palloi,
the contest and medals will be awaided at the night piogiam All musicians and baton twiileis ijfi the viciiiitv of the Univeisity, centja) and lowci Indiana must entei the contest heie to become cligi ble to paiticipatc at Chicago Poi information and lules wiiti Albeit P StcNvait, Dncctoi oi the Festi
vgl.
doing aftei the swilling wateis oi the Wabash have letuined to then
icgulai channel
Jhc Univeisity Musical Oigani/aiion as well as omt othci cam
pus giou]JS Will fuiiiish pait ol the Kappa Sig pm on the gal But we piogiani at the paik aie getting calloused to it all Too
many damned women getting mai
Jij An J.xponent (lassihtd' iicd What do you expect the wolves
no doubt, to the guys on the Santa at the same tune making dehghtiul Pe Tiail Not wishing to leliii- bonfnes with those god awtul hanquish his hold on Fiances Bowman, bows Ah, but ’twas lun while it ( lint Sowards, spoits depaitment of lasted, the school lag, has clapped his Phi •—o—
Well, physics class is almost ovei, and we must leave you now, in the meantime, have you YOUR Mac
West Jiie pieseivei ^
Boftor because it’s KOILOW-GROUND like a barbel's razor Give him a new thrill with PAL Blades Because PAL Blades are hollow-ground they give a quicker, smoother shave A year's supply for a dollar The /perfect gift for any and every man. ■ttln Spoclal Gifl Wrapper
, SEND yf YOUR SLANG -AND '9ET $T0. IF WE US? |# Address; Coihge D»pt,, P»psi-Cpla, Co'.,'Long Island City, N. Y. ‘
Pepsi-Cola Company, Long Island City, N Y. Bottled locally by Franchised Bottlers.
f-
K I