?’('• - ' .■-H vf “-■
■*;>,
, f' ’ i'
®he Puriluc TSxaanent
Published Dailsr by Students of Putdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1936
NUMBER 29
Big Send-Off For Team At 5:15 Today
Landon, 169; Kansas Governor’s
Lead Cut To 2 To 1
President's Supporters Rally; Sophomore Class
Still Leads In Balloting
Boilermaker Roosevelt supporters rallied to the aid of their candidate yesterday and cut the 3 to 1 lead established by Gov. Alfred M. Landon in the first day’s tabulation of the Exponent Presidential Straw Vote, to a lead of less than 2 to 1. The total number of ballots received by the Exponent up to 6 o’clock last
night gave Landon 169 votes,
Co-eds Plan
Big Evening
For Dates
By Evauglm Price “We want tomatoes, cabbages, carrots and any other types of vegetables within reaching distance,” say the co-eds. Now won’t vegetables make lovely corsages? Tomorrow is the co-ed’s night and the eds are really going to be given a good time. Several freshmen were timid about asking their date but one girl expressed her opinion by saying, “I’m afraid my favorite boy friend will never ask me for a date but this is one night when I can ask him.” There are very few occasions when the girls may ask THE ONE, and the majority of co-eds are taking advantage of tomorrow night. In fact, a few wee freshmen secured their dates a month ahead of time to be sure the fellows weren’t already taken. Corsages Our freshmen girls are quite clever this year. One girl is sending her date a corsage of gardenias because she wants the flowers after the dance, therefore the flowers must be nice. Another freshman asked her date to the dance and then as an afterthought, said, “May I use your car?” Buggy The question of transportation seems to be quite a problem. Several W. R. H. girls are debating whether to take a horse and buggy. Their only trouble seems to be in finding a place to securely tie the horse during the dance. “Our old model “T” is good enough for us, so it’s good enough for our dates,” say several Pi Phi’s. But there’s always the good old custom of “walking” the date to and from the dance. This seems to be the general way decided bj^ most of the girls.
Model Railroad Club To Conduct Open House Plans to hold an Open House on Saturday afternoon from 1 to 5 o’clock in the attic of the Mechanical Engineering Building were decided upon by the ten students who attended the first meeting oft he Model Railroad club Tuesday. A number of locomotives and cars, owned by the club members, will be maneuvered around the 60 feet of track during the afternoon. The club was organized last year under the auspices of the Mechanical Engineering scl^ool. The meetings are conducted by Frank Willey, president, senior electrical engineer, and W. B. Wolverton, secretary.
Prof. Withrow To Speak To Physicists Tomorrow
Prof. R. B. Withrow of the Agriculture Experiment Station will address the first meeting of Sigma Pi Sigma, physics honorary society, Friday, at 7:80 p. m. in the lecture room of the Physics Building. Prof. Withrow will speak on the transfformation of energy in plants. He also plans to compare the efficiency of plants and animals as bolar energy converters.
Roosevelt 86, Thomas 2, and Colvin, Prohibition candidate, 1 vote. Sophomores Still Hold Lead Members of the sophomore class have submitted more ballots than any of the other classes, 84 votes being cast. Other totals are: Freshmen 48, Juniors 52, Seniors 57, and Graduate Students, 3. Four members of the faculty submitted votes, 2 for Landon, and 2 for Roosevelt. Ten outsiders have submitted ballots, including Union employees- and Lafayette merchants. Voting By Schools The vote by schools was as follows :Ag. 26, Ch. E. 24, C. E. 8, E. E. 18, Eng. 24, H. E. 40, I. E. 1, M. E. 35, Phar. 6, Phys. Ed. 3, Pub. Serv. Eng. 6, and Sci. 61, Of these schools the Ags give Roosevelt 27 votes to Landon’s 7. The Science school gives Landon 37, Roosevelt 12, Thomas 1, and Ccdvin 1, The combined Engineerinsr^Bchools give Landoli 79 votes, Roosevelt 35, and Thomas 1. Physical Education students give Roosevelt 3, Landon 1, while the Pharmacy school gives Landon 3, and Roosevelt 2 votes. The co-eds in Home Economics give Landon 31 votes and Roosevelt 9. Clip Your Ballot Now ! Have you voted yet? If not, clip, the ballot printed on this page and drop it in one of the Campus Mail boxes located in every building on the campus, or in the Exponent box in the Memorial Union building. Remember you don’t have to be 21 to vote.
Gophers To Test Purdue
Injuries Lower Strength Of Boilermaker Squad Saturday afternoon thrs Boilermakers meet the Gophers at Minneapolis in a game now being predicted as the one which will decide majority of the press writers pick the National Championship. The the ultimate winner of the Big Ten as the National champ. Two undefeated teams meet, but only one has been running up high scores and that team is Purdue. Regardless of the fact that Minnesota has a tough schedule they have not run up the scores as they did last year. The main drawback to Purdue’s chances is the injury list. As a result of the roughness last Saturday we now have three men almost surely out for Saturday’s game. Vergane and Spehn, both at right end, are out with injured knees and it is very doubtful if they will be able to start against the Gophers. Minnesota Working Minnesota is working on their defense to stop Drake and Isbell who have averaged 7 and 11 yards a crack in the previous games. Last week Minnesota tested its reserves (Continued on page 8)
EXPONENT STAFF Compulsory meeting of all members of the editorial staff Saturday afternoon, October 24 at 1 o’clock in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. Short, but very important. —MORRIS.
Roosevelt, 86
J^urbue exponent Presidential Straw Vote
Vote for One Candidate By Marking “X” After His Name
Earl Browder (Communist) □ D. Leigh Colvin (Prohibition) □ Alfred M. Landon (Republican) □ William Lemke (Union) □ Franklin D. Roosevelt (Democrat) □ Norman Thomas (Socialist) □ □
Name School.
Class Student, Instructor, Other (Strike Ou^ Two)
(The ballot must be filled out completely in order io be counted
I/or in the Ex-
in the poll. Deposit ballots in Campus mail boxes/
ponent box in the Union before 6 p. m., Saturday, Oct. 24, 1936.)
Trustees Act On Fieldhouse
Last Steps Taken Before Formal Acceptance Of Grant
Plans for the University Field House, for which a Public Works Administration grant of $293,400 was obtained October 9, came a step nearer completion Wednesday when the Board of Trustees in quarterly meeting took all preliminary steps possible preceding the formal acceptance of the grant. Besides considering the financial set-up necessary, members of the board with President E. C. Elliott went over the site of the field house, the old Hurley property immediately east of Cary Hall.
YWCA wm Present Latest Fashions
The entire cost of the structure will be $652,000. Recently the PWA grant was supplemented by a gift of $100,000 from an alumnus who wishes to remain anonymous.
The board also spent some time on routine affairs and approved a number of faculty changes made necessary by the large increase in enrollment, most of which were effective at the beginning of the present academic year.
Latest winter fashions for the co-ed’s wardrobe will be presented by Y. W. C. A. in a style show to be held today at 4 o’clock in the Faculty Lounge of the Memorial Uhion Building. “The Fashion” store of Lafayette has furnished the clothes for the style show. Miss Metz, from “The Fashion,” will be in charge of the showing which will include a display of sport dresses, coats, afternoon dresses, and evening gowns. Sara Alice McIntosh is chairman of the function. She has chosen the following co-eds to model: Louise Bain, Margaret Dicks, Carolyn Hesler, Mary Murych, Marian Kidd, Betty Masters, and Jane Thornborough.
Alpha Chi House Is Scene Of Alumnae Club Reunion
Members of the Alpha Chi Alumnae club held a pot-luck supper meeting with the active chapter, Tuesday evening, October 20. Sev-enty-five members of the sorority were present in the new chapter house on University Street. The Alpha Chi actives entertained with sorority songs during the dinner hour.
Serwer, ACP Writer, Tells Of Student Aims
Program Includes Mass Pilgrimage Wo Washington; Organization Of NY A Workers
Edltor’a Note; This column is the second in a series of articles written by Mr. Serwer, Washinztoi^ correspondent of thd Exponent and the Associated Collegiate Press, who is now touring the oast and middle west in search of special background material for his weekly stories from Washington.
By Arnold Serwer (Associated Collegiate Press Correspondent)
New York City—^Last week this column listed various goals toward which the A. S. U. and its organ. The Student Advocate, would drive during this school year. Some of the objectives then listed should now be more fully described, others soon to be declared, should now be added.
For example, the American
Student Union, together with other student - youth groups is now making tentative plans for mass pilgrimage to Washington during the coming session of Congress. The pilgrimage is planned to demand enactment of the American Youth Act when it is reconsidered gt the 1937 session. It will be recalled that this bill introduced in the House by Representative Amlie of Wisconsin and in the Senate by Senator Benson
of Minnesota during the last Congress, died in committee in spite of hearings at which youth groups spoke vehemently on behalf of the act. This year supporters of the bill want to make a really impressive showing in Washington by mustering a sizeable army of young men and women there on a peaceful
but determined mission.
Organize N, Y. A. Students The A. S. U. and the Student Ad* vocate will also advocate organization of those receiving student aid
(Continued on page 3)
Boilermakers Leave For Minnesota Game
Pep Session Will Begin At Village Where Band Will Lead Parade Across Levee To Station
True Boilermakers— this evening is your opportunity to help your football team win this all important game with Minnesota Saturday by being at hand in the Village at 5:15 to follow your band to the Big Four station for your send-off at 5:35. Take advantage of your^ance to use your voice to ex-
feeling to
press your leeling to some avail by letting the players know how you feel now rather than waste it on a mute radio
Saturday.
The entire band will be at hand to lead the crowd across the levee to the station where at 6:36 Walt Burnell will lead a few short yells and Coach Noble Kizer and George Bell wil say a few words. The pep session will be short and to the point, terminating in singing Hail Purdue to the accompaniment of the band as the train pulls out at 5:58. Early Dinners Fraternities, sororities, and residence halls have been requested to move the time of dinner up to 6 o’clock in order that full attendance at the short pep session will not be hindered. It is up to you to be at hand at 5:15 to march in this parade and really demonstrate to your fighting ball club that you are behind them. They are facing the toughest game thus far encountered this season, the outcome of which will mean much to the team standing for the year. Give that squad and coaching staff a rousing send-off. Help instill into that team the fighting spirit that wins games.
Green Potters Complete Election
At a meeting of the Green Potters Tuesday night, A. R. Shackleton, Beta Theta Pi pledge, was elected vice-president and Robert E. Long, Phi Kappa Psi pledge, was elected secretary-treasurer. John M. Franks, Cary Hall, who was made president at the last meeting of the organization, presided over the meeting.
Mars To Present AllColored Stage Show
The Mars theater is bringing to Lafayette an unusual stage show called ‘Shuffle Along’ composed entirely of negroes. It is having a successful tour of the country with thirty-nine weeks of consecutive booking. ‘Shuffle Along’ has a large number of talented colored stars, and as an added attraction will have Jean Calloway.
NOTICE !
Copies of the galley proof for the list of students in the University Directory may be inspected at the Reference Desk in the Library, at the Office of the Dean of Men or in University Hall, south entrance. Students are requested to verify the correctness of their names, addresses and telephone numbers and report errors in person or in writing at the Registrar’s Office before Saturday. DO NOT TELEPHONE. DO NOT MAKE CORRECTIONS ON THE PROOF. Copies of proof of the lists of campus telephones and of the members of the staff will be sent to the various departmepts. Members of the staff are requested to verify the entries which concern them and report errors and corrections in writing to the Registrar’s Office, before noon, Saturday, October 24th. —STONE.
Crowd Hears Knox Explain
Americanism
Republican Nominee Gives Nation Choice; Pans “Misdeal”
Before a crowd of over 500 people who braved the wintry rains, Col. Frank Knox spoke from the rear platform of his train yesterday noon. Noting a new interest in public affairs all over the coimtry, Col. Knox declared that Americans are becoming increasingly alarmed over the rapid advances of Fascism and Communism. “In these times it is the nations who have retained the most democratic institutions that are leading the world back to prosperity. Americanism rather than communism or fascism is our choice,” he stated. Dunning Mr. Farley for sajring that the Democrats had carried out their 1932 campaign promises. Col. Knox declared that they had carried them out and thrown them in the ash can. Misdeal “They gave the American people” he said, “not a new deal but a misdeal based on breach of promise and breach of faith.” In closing he said that the Republican party offers in place of the new deal a government of simplicity, economy, and certainty.
Skinner Will Address Vets
Short Cours^Program Today Will Include Prominent Speakers Director J. H. Skinner, Dean of the school of Agriculture, will deliver the prinicipal address this morning at the third session of the University four-day short course for practicing veterinaries now meeting in the Veterinary building. Other speakers included on today’s program are Dr. L. P. Doyle of the University, John Taylor of Indianapolis, who is in the public health service. Dr. H. Busman of the bureau of animal husbandry, also of Indianapolis, and Dr. A. L. Delez of the University. Dr. E. E. Van Lome, also' of the University, will talk at the dinner meeting in the Memorial Union Building at six this evening. Approximately 100 veterinaries heard Dr. J. Preston Hoskins, secs retary-editor of the Journal of American Veterinary Medicine Association, yesterday in his discussion of the present outlook for the profession in which he reported twice as many students enrolled in vet-erinax-y colleges as of a few years ago, yet they are enrolled in half as many colleges.
COLD-CLOUDY
By TemiNf Exponent Weather Moeae 1 told the Pi Phi’s it would raini, but stm they went ahead and had their picnic last night. They werh lucky. They had a cabin for shelter. But just the same a car or two got stuck in the mud. Today'h weather still won’t be picide weather hut It will he some better than yesterdKy4 Cloudy and cold is my foewmek
J \
j<i4f
-I
Vj
r i'ai HiiPmee I'wo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thwsday, October 22>Jj36
Our Presidential Poll This week the Exponent, in cooperation with college newspapers all over the country, is conducting a presidential straw vote. To date, results have been encouraging,'but before the week is over the Exponent hopes to receive ballots from a large percentage of the student body and faculty. Several persons have objected to our request that names be written on the ballots. This is merely so we can check to prevent duplications. The ballots are destroyed immediately after checking, so that no one need fear that his political beliefs will become public knowledge. We are seeking to prevent duplications so as to make the poll a more accurate representation of student and faculty opinion. For the same purpose we are urging everyone to cast a ballot before the poll closes.
That Man Again
Earl Browder, who would like to be the next president, got a lot of free publicity for his party a short time ago when Terre Haute officials forgot there were such things as a constitution and free speech and put him in the cooler for a short rest. Earl, being a smart lad, did a bit of thinking and decided to start a suit. Then he decided he would get even more publicity if he went back to Terre Haute. So a couple of days ago he returned, carrying a certified check for a thousand dollars to prevent arrest on charges of vagrancy. Apparently he thinks that anyone with that much money is not a vagrant, and he is probably right. Then a few of those extremely upright citizens who so zealously uphold our democracy (that IS, those parts of it which they like) gathered together a motley collection of eggs and vegetables which were slightly sub-standard in quality and proceeded to toss said missies in poor Earl’s direction. He didn’t get to talk after all, which probably led to the appearance of a definite bluish shade in the air in his vicinity. On top of this most inhospitable reception, the Communist candidate was handed another blow when a right honorable judge, a man probably representing the best manhood in the Hoosier state, turned down his application for an injunction against interference by Terre Haute officials. Earl hasn’t yet made further plans, to our knowledge, but he is probably sure of one thing. Terre Haute wants no part of him. It is nice to know that this country is not full of Terre Hautes and officials of the Terre Haute type.
The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
More About “Hail, Purdue” To the Editor: In Saturday’s paper there was a readers’ opinion about “Hail, Purdue”. It caused considerable comment both on and off the campus. Going up to Chicago on the train, many students were discussing the question. The consensus of opinion was that “Hail* Purdue” was a fine song to sing at convocations, but not at football games. A member of the faculty stated that the faculty members had long been in favor of adopting a new school song with a little more life in it; a song to arouse the spirits of athletes; a song to sing in times of intense excitement. On the radio Tuesday night, the Phillip Morris program played a few of the football songs of leading universities throughout the country. When they came to Purdue, the announcer merely stated, “Purdue” but they did not play “Hail, Purdue”. Instead they played the little known, yet much more peppy song, advocated in readers’ opinion a few days ago. Why shouldn’t this song be officially recognized as the football song of Purdue University? Aren’t the students here intelligent enough to learn two songs ?
Wift $urbue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 Pbsocioted GoUeSiote Press Distributors of Colle6iateDi6esf
Member of National College Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association Exclusively Bepresented by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City RBPReSENTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINa BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. new York, N. Y. CHICAOO - BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGELES - PORTLAND . SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $3.BO per year, delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6038 Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Editor-in-Chief W. T. Hunt I^naging Editor E. H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P, Manion, C. L. Sadler
Sports Editor Aasociate Sports Editors
SPORTS STAFF L. D. Wood W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Business Managar . R. J. Hulse National Advertising Manager L. H. Brown Advertising Manager D. C, Miller Circulation Manager . J. P. Girard
Editor Advertising Manager Associate Editors
WOMEN’S STAFF . . Helen Creech Betty Barnett , , Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elismbeth Fyke
Issue Editor—^D. E, Vance.
Please, Mr. Editor, won’t you help us to get a song that we can put spirit into! Can’t we go modem like Notre Dame, Indiana, Chicago, and the other schools who have songs the radio programs are glad to play ? Editor’s Note: Evidently there is a strong sentiment against the use of “Hail, Purdue” as a pep song. If this opposition becomes much stronger, it is apparent that the change might well be considered.
Better Never Late The last bell has rung and the class has settled down to its serious discussion of the topic at hand when “Bang!” in bursts the late-comer, slamming the door, clicking leather heels on the floor, squeaking straw while wriggling into his seat, and generally disrupting the peace and quiet that has been walled in the sacred room of learning. x The class is startled, everyone turns to see who it is, the professor loses his train of thought, and all are annoyed at the intrusion. Somehow or other the same calm lull is not soon recaptured and he who has broken the spell is regarded as Public Nuisance No. 1. There are those who say “Better late than never.” But these inconsiderates have forgotten the entire saying: “Better late than never, but better never late.” —Syracuse Daily Orange.
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsihtltty {or the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Money Or Happiness? College students are faced with one of the most difficult problems of their lives, that of choosing a vocation. High schools are supposed to give crosssections of the various vocations, but it is the unusual person who makes up his mind and follows his decision before he enters college. Too often it is a matter of available employment, rather than choice, as to what business or profession a person enters. Many people are influenced greatly by the remuneration offered by various jobs—often going into a business which pays big money but in which they do not have a real interest. In this respect, it might be mentioned that those who do eventually get into the big money are those who do enter their line because they like that sort of work. Then there are those who prepare for one profession and, when their college work is nearly over, discover they would prefer to enter another field of work. They are indeed in a bad fix. If they enter the work for which they have prepared, chances are their success will be only mediocre. On the other hand, they are faced with a rocky road if they decide to enter, unprepared, the field in which they believe they have the most interest. Money and happiness are not incompatible. Perhaps better vocational guidance in the high schools will help solve the problem, but as long as a person is immature, it will be hard for him to decide upon a vocation.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
LET’S BACK THE TEAM AT THE SEND-OPP TONIGHT LET’S BEAT MINNESOTA TEAM An example of true love can be expressed in the affair which has brought GERTRUDE ROSENFIELD to PURDUE from University of Illinois just to be nearer to her man PIA big shot, HERSCH ... the Y. W. C. A. Fashion Show should be a howling success—there seems to have been a great amount of trouble in getting models — at least MARTHA WOOD was slightly worried over the outcome . . . the half-masks that we have been seeing upon the campus of late is no publicity stunt nor any group of student gangsters but only the pledges of Theta Alpha Phi suffering in an undignified manner . .. Even MIM DECKER’S best friends wouldn’t tell her, so she flunked her Chem. exam . . . This next item was issued especially for JOAN FREEMAN, DePauw Alpha Phi, information by special request of members of the Delt Ranch—DICK McGHEE, who planked his pin on JOAN, has been having a rolicking good time with a certain little West Lafayette girl named SUTCLIFFE whom he met while he was in summer school— the boys say that DICK and this little girl pitch a wonderful game of wooo . . . JOHNNY MCDONALD, who has transferred to Michigan and MARY ELIZABETH ‘KENTUCK’ WYNN were continual members of this column two years ago when JOHNNY was here in school—^now that SARA
Personal Problems With the greatly increased enrollment of co-eds the education of the women of the University is receiving much attention. Strides have been made to house them well, to help them select careers, and secure sound academic training. Then why not aid them in their personal problems—the selection of clothing, make-up, style of hairdress, and problems of a similar nature ? We understand that the clothing courses as taught in the home economics school supply most of the co-eds in the school with home solutions of their individual clothing problems. However, girls not registered in the home economics school do not have this information available. As far as we know there is no opportunity for any co-ed to obtain information about cosmetics, hair styles, diets, and similar knotty problems. This fall, as in previous years, W. S. G. A. will sponsor a charm school. This is definitely a step in the right direction, but the organization has neither the time, facilities, nor necessary funds to offer the co-eds more than someone’s cursory view of charm, whatever that elusive quality may be. Stephens College has recently offered extensive training in all of these problems tojts students. Apparently the faculty has been well satisfied with the experiment. While Purdue would hardly find a need for such an elaborate system, it would seem that the problem should be handled by the University. Therefore, we feel that an advisory service open to all co-eds and conducted by competent persons would go far toward providing the co-eds of the University with a well-rounded education.
In a discussion of paddling at the University of Illinois it was disclosed that the Illini chapters of Alpha Delta Phi, Sigma Chi, Alpha Kappa Lambda, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Alpha Chi Rho, Triangle and Phi Delta Theta have abolished paddling. The discussion followed an incident in which two freshmen required medical treatment after being paddled.
1. 2. Establish student SELP-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate {physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Modify the Student Union Election System. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
ARC Today - Friday - Saturday ^ HOOT GIBSON in “Spirit of the West” FRANCES FARMER and JOHN HOWARD -
in
“Border Flight” also SERIAL - BETTY BOOP
New MAIN THURSDAY “Hearts and Bondage” with DAVID MANNERS
“Two Sinners” OTTO KRUGER MARTHA SLEEPER CORA SUE COLLINS
TODAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
A TWO-GUN TOWN MARSHAL....
CLEANS UP THE MOST LAWLESS TOWN IN THE WEST!
HOPAIONG CASSIDY Timm i - , with • > ^ WILLIAM BOYD GEORGE HAYES , GAIL SHERIDAN , - , EVELYN BRENT
-pluscomedy NEWS —AND— Mary Brian Russell Hardie IN Killer« Large
1986 by United Feature Syndicate, Ine / ^ Z ^
“Well—I guess the honeymoon’s over!”
PARKER, KENTUCK’S little sister, and BOB, JOHNNY’S little brother, are picking up the loose ends just where JOHNNY and KENTUCK left off—a week-end together in Chicago, Gold Diggers, etc. —there must be something to this romance for BOB has actually spent some( money in the process of his infatuation such as the Empire Room last Sat. night—it must be love . • . The male student body is in suspense, for a “Most Eligible Bach-
elor” is about to be picked—who will It be???—HARVEY CLINE or JOE QUINLAN—maybe a dark horse like SHOEMAKER, MORRIS, BURNELL, or SMITH will step in and cop the honors . . . ROY DIETRICH is surely in love, for when a man sits in the sweet shop with a hank of yarn over his hands while his love, JO HALL, rolled the yarn into a ball—it may be the thing to do in a parlor, when alone ? ? but when a young man does such in the sweet shop there really is no hope—(Continued on page 3)
TODAY Friday-Saturday
DOUBLE FEATURE
P. G. Wodehouse's uproarious poker-faced valet . . . the funniest character in fiction ... on the screen at last!Tl^ureday^ October 22» 1936
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Gophers To Test (Continued from page 1)
against Michigan and approved of them when they turned in a 26-0 score. Though they worked against a team using many of their own plays the shock troops of the Gophers proved their worth. No matter how much the previous games have shown each team will be fighting to hold a position they have won up to this game and each should prove the worth of their respective defenses and offenses.
Bob !Reller, sensational rookie pitcher of the Cleveland Indians, is just another one of the boys now. Instead of traveling on private trains and living in fine hotels, as he does in the summer. Feller now rides the school bus morning and afternoon with the rest of his high school mates.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
T IINHKWD OF VAIME ALSO CIGARETTE ANP
THE ONLY PATENTED t ‘^tELLOPHANE"-SEALED* FILTER-IT REALLY FILTERS-
PrevenU tongue bite, raw moutlk wet heel» bad odor, frequent
fo breaking in.ImproYea thelasteand aromaofany tobacco.
HOLDERS
ietder’s.... ....choice ■M>By Bob Walpole
Both our Boilermaker varsity and the Minnesota Gophers practiced on a wet field yesterday... a steady drizzle in both home cities makes conditions about equal . . . —^fc— The Gophers spent some of their offensive drill in their field house .. . a year from now Purdue’s eleven will have the addition of the same facilities ... —^fc— We dropped in to see the freshman net squad in action last night . . . . the boys look pretty tough, and Piggy expects plenty from these yearlings in the next three hardwood seasons , . . —^fc— One team in particular appeared rather impressive at this early date . . . a team of southern Indiana freshmen ’ including Rauth, Indiana All-State forward two and three years ago respectively, Herschelman, Bretta, Brubech, and Locker.. —^fc— Chicago University’s athletic officials intimated in an announcement issued yesterday, that the reason for the. decline in the Maroon football teams in the past few seasons were . , . some of the boys are so brilliant that they are entering college at the tender age of 17, thus playing ball at 18 as sophomores . . . they haven’t an opportunity to drill during spring practice because of comprehensive exams . . . Chicago University requires mpre study of their students than do other members of the Big Ten ... . —^fc— Nice to see Pat Malaska around again ... his feet are still rather tender, but getting along fine . . . Pat expects to play ball for Coach Lambert again this winter. . . .
FRESHMAN TENNIS TODAY, 4:15 O’CLOCK H. L. Scott vs. Ulrich or J. Johnson. N. Olsen vs. Peterson' or Cooper. T. Fuener vs. Breiner or Kerwin. J. L. Daley vs. Disney or Mullett. H. D. Wilmeth vs. G. Nicklas. J. C. Woodson vs. ^ W. Kuebler. W. F. Bens vs. Fuehte or Meyer. J. P. McGrath vs. B. Kaufman. R. Tillson vs. Mickewich or Munro.
ARBOW
A TRADITIONAL MUST AT PURDUE And why notl Arrow has collared and cuffeShtHadergraduates since 1856. Now, as then, Arrow remains the popular favorite. Ask for Arrow and be assured of fine quality with authentic style at a price easy, on your pocketbook. Saidorized Sbtimk.... A new shirt if one ever shrinks.
In Lafayette—it^s DEWENTERS
who sell Arrow shirts
416 Main
We Sell a Full Line of Arrow Shirts SOUTHWORTH’S
B and B (Continued from page 2) ROY blushed lusciously when a few of the hounds gathered around to ■Watch the fun .... PURDUE co-eds Bleed us red. And let us down Because we frown When they say Go to, and stay. PURDUE Eds. JANET CALVIN, Theta senior, claims that she hasn’t been in B&B since the Flying Army. Cadet, JOHNNY ARCHIBALD BRADSHAW left school—BRADSHAW is making up for lost time—GOLD DIGGERS is the reward he gets for his devotion—B&B is her reward for making such a crack . . HARVEY BEHRENDS and JIM JACOBI Triangle pledges were sent to the Alpha Fuzie house Tuesday night in order to return some of the girls clothes—^the real mystery concerns how and why such pieces were in the Triangle Hous^ ? ? ? ? ... I’LL BE SEEING YOU AT THE PEP SESSION AT 5:15 TONIGHT. VOTE in the EXPCINENT Presidential ballot VOTE. MARS CONTEST MARS Turn in any doit you may have before Friday noon at UNION desk —MARS double-pass'award will be announced in Saturday morning’s EXPONENT . . . BEAT MINNESOTA !
SOFTBALL TODAY Diamond 10— Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Official, Mangas. 11— Sigma Chi vs. Phi Delta Theta. Official, Gillis. 12— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Official, Banker. 13— Ward 1 vs. Ward 2. 14— Ward 4 vs. Ward 6. 16—^Ward 7 vs. Ward 7X. 16— Ward 8 vs. Ward 11. 17— Ward 14 vs. Ward 16. 18— Ward 16 vs. Ward 17.
Writer Tells Of Aims (Continued from page 1)
from the N.fY. A. Chapters of the A. S. U. will probably try to create such an organization on every campus having a fair number of N. Y. A. students. As for this year’s peace strike, James Wechsler, editor of The Advocate, is confident that there will be over one million student participants. With the Y. M. C. A., the Y. W. C. A., and the various student church organizations now behind the strike, along with the A. S. U., this estimate of a million strikers probably will not be far off the mark. Exposed If further evidence can he gathered, The Advocate also expects to begin an expose of political scholarships at the University of Pennsylvania. If similar scholarships are found existing at other colleges and Universities, Wechsler expects to reveal where, when, why and how as the data is accumulated. The dispersing of scholarships to state colleges and universities, in return for political aid or because of political connections important
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 10S Vine St., W. Lafayette
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN-LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
**Mindye, mon, itbaen't the 5fj savin’, hut the bonny flavurr..m “Aye, McTavish, but at lOi for Twenty Grand mightn’t ye be B offerin’ one to an auld friend more aften ? ” g
ALSO OBTAINABLE IN PLAT FIFTIES
.Copr. 1936 The Axton-Fisher Tobacco Go., Inc. WE CERTIFY that we have inspected the Turkish and Domestic Tobaccos blended in TWENTY GRAND cigarettes and find them as fine in smoking quality as those used in cigarettes costing
as much as 50% more.
(Signed) Seil, Putt & Rushy Inc.
(In collaboration with tobacco wyrert)
SasSss
-■ -14# I?, -te
to some politician, is a new kind of menace, he says. Teachers’ oaths, dismissals oi faculty members for views held, the suppression of student organizations or activities, will all continue to be fought by the A. S. U. as threats to academic freedom. At the present time, scarcely a week passes by without some such instance cropping up on some campus, providing members of the local A. S. U. units with new issues
to l>e;fofigl^ out, Xu the against JL O, T. G., which is tied in with Peace Strike activities, the A. 8. IT. is joined by the American Lei^ne against war and Fascism, and other peace groups. The Ijeague, it should he said in passing, has been and continues to be interested in combatting threats to academic freedom. It sees these as foreranners of Fascism’s program for the supression of civil liberties.
Make Your Next Pair FREEMANS
Let us show you the fine new Freeman styles for Fall and Winter. We want to introduce yon to the careful workmanship, matchless leathers, certain fit and real comfort that gives distinolion to this famous line. Drop in any time!
$H.OO
A Hm MyUu
FREEMAN. . . Shoes for Men
Worn with P r i d m by Afilfloitt
A. B. C. Shoe Store
B ehind the scenes, in many a capture by G-men, will be found the service provided byT-men—telephone men (and women, too) of
the Bell System.
Law enforcement officers make frequent use of both local and long distance telephone-service. Th^ depend on the Teletypewriter, for quick and accurate transmission of written messages. They tighten their nets with the aid of yet another Bell System development, police car radio.
And so the telephone, with products and services growing out of it, helps to make your life happier, broader
and more secure.
Why not report "All's well" to the folks at home? For lowest rates to most points, call by number after 7 P. M. any day or anytime Sundays.
It E LI. TE L E l» IION E SN STEM
Should aiild acquaintance be forgot?
There’s many a sturdy, faithful winter coat that can be put on its feet again with a good cleaning and be ready for another winter etf steady wear. Look over your winter clothes now and send us anything that looks at aR possible. You’ll be pleasantly surprised at the results.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS WE CALL FOR AND DELIVER 222 North phoixe 4081
\'THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, October 2g, 1936
(
'p 'i\
11
a wrinkled suit is worse than an unshaved face
You just don’t forget the fellow who has neglected the morning shave...but the neglected suit is far more conspicuous... the habit of using Crown Cleaning Service regularly.
fine cleaners of fine clothes
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Edw. J. Freeberg, Piano Tuner. Phones—35101, 4787.
FLAT TOP OFFICE DESK — Like new, $15, roll top office desk $12.50. Two metal swivel desk chairs each $3, chifferobe with wardrobe space $10. Moore's Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth Street.
Wanted—Three fellows to go to Minnesota gai^ie, $7.00. Phone 2966.
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
KEYS Ke78 for tranks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind-
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119'/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
nie thinking fdlow cgUs A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 2Sc per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 8Q71 YELLOW CAB CO.
Be Sure of Heat This Winter
SPERB. Phone J5777
Hardware 922 Main
NOTICES No noticM accepted aftw 8 p. m.
Basic Students—^Those desiring to remove a grade of C in Mil. Tr.j2, report to undersigned in adjutant’s office, Armory, before noon, Oct. 24. ' —HAYFORD. Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation postponed until Oct. 26 at 8:30 a. m. —PITTMAN.
Playshop Ticket Salesmen—All unsold season tickets must be returned. —RUSSELL.
Women’s Bowling—Sororities and wards entering the Women’s Bowling League must have practice before Thursday, Oct. 22 —MY’TINGER.
Sigma Delta Chi—Meeting of actives and pledges Oct. 22 at 9:15 in old Union office. —HARDIN.
Independents—Skit Shop meeting is postponed until 4 p. m. Oct. 23 in the office. Common Clay” will be completely cast at that time. —WHITE.
Fraternity Presidents—Meeting in Union at 7:30 p. m. Oct. 22. —KETTLE.
WAA Rifle Range—^Practice for Oct. 22; 6:45 p. m. Alpha Xi Delta; 7:30 to 9 :00 p. m. makeup practice. —RICHEY.
Social Service Committee—Of Y.W.C.A. will meet in Y. W. C. A. office Oct. 22 at 4. —CONVER.
W. A. A.—Co-ed open swim Oct. 22, 7 :30 to 9:30. All girls interested in the swimming club be there. —TUBBS.
Demolay—Second degree practice Thurs. Oct. 22. Any student wishing to try out may meet at Masonic Temple at 7. —GLENN.
W. S. G. A.—Short meeting of W.S.G.A. tradition board" at 4 p. m. Oct. 22 in office. —SELDT.
Drama Section of Purdue Women’s Club —Meeting Oct. 22 at 2:30 in the Faculty Lounge of the Union Club where Mr. H. M. Carmichael will read a current Broadway play. All members are invited.
Playshop—Stage crew report to subbasement at 4 p. m., Oct. 22. —KETCHAM.
Radio Club—Meeting Oct. 23 in Union Building. Technical lecture by C. L. Caldwell. —BERNSTEIN.
W. A. A. Archery—Archery practice Oct. 22 at 4. —BOEHM. .
Chemical Engineers—Open meeting of
the AIChE in the Chemistry building tonight. New members will be, registered. . —dHANDLEE,
Purdne Engineer—All • sales staffs must go out twice this week. - Leaded report progress Oct. 23' at 4 p. m. -JONES.
Union Workers—Odr committees meet in Union office at 4 p. m. Oct. 22. —FITTS, CLAYPOLE, EEITH.
Camera Club—Meeting Oct. 22 at 7:16 p. m.' in room B of Union. —CLAYPOLE.
Union Workers—Our committees meet in workshop at 4 p. m. Oct. 22. —PPORZHEIMER, WIEGANT, REID. Women’s Bowling—Oct. 22 7 p. m. Kappa Alpha Theta vs. Ward 8. 9 p. m. Pi Beta Phi vs. Ward 1. —MYTINGER.
Y. W. C. A.—Style Show Oct. 22 at 4 p. m. in faculty lounge. All co-eds invited, —McINTOSH. W. A. A. Hockey—La^ practice Oct. 22 at 4. Report to gym in case of rain'. Squads Will be announced Saturday. —THOMPSON,
W. A. A. Leaders—Sign up in gym by Oct. 23 noon if going to cabin Saturday. —HALSTEAD.
Glider Club—Meeting Oct. 22 at 7:16 in room A of Union. —O’NEAL.
444444444 TOUCHBALL GAMES 4444444 4 4 TODAY Field 1— Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Pi Phi. Official, Utter. 2— Sigma Nu vs. DeRa Chi. Official, Beck. 3— Theta Xi vs. Triangle. Official, Boyer. 4— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Official, Hamilton. 5— Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Delta Tau Delta. Official, Kerber. 6— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Kappa. Official, Bartling. 7— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Official, Latter.
4444444'f->»-44 ALL CAMPUS TENNIS ♦■444--f-e-44--*-44 TODAY, 4:15 O’CLOCK Blitz vs. Meihaus or Richardson. Fuente vs. Blessing. Cooper vs. Hebbler. Winter v^. Pontius or Plepp, Joint reports from the ticket offices at Purdue and Indiana reveal that all records for advance sales-of seats for the annual battle of the Hoosier Big Ten rivals continue to be broken daily. Providing the advance sale continues at its present rate, there is every indication that there may be a complete sell-out well before game time.
Liqht Smoke!
In Harmony with Your Throat More marvelous th^n any invention is the "music box” inside your throat. But so delicate .. . with its maze of membranes! No wonder so many stars of the movies and radio say that for them a light smoke is the right smoke. Luckies are a light smoke of rich, ripe-bodied tobacco. Luckies hit the right note with your taste! The only cigarette with the tender center leaves of the highest-priced tobacco plus the all-important throat protection of the "Toasting” process. Remember—the only cigarette. So reach for a Lucky and be kind to your throat!
★ * NEWS FLASH! ★ * 205 Guests at Ritz Carlton in Atlantic City Play "Sweepstakes"!
People on vacation play the "Sweepstakes,” too. In one week alone 20$ guests at the fashionable Ritz Carlton in Atlantic City remembered to send in their entries for Your Lucky Strike "Sweepstakes.” We say that’s combining fun with fiin! Have you entered yet? Have you won your delicious LuckyStrikesPThere’s music on the air. Tune in "Your Hit Parade”— Wednesday and Saturday evenings. Listen^ judge, and compare the tunes—then try Your Lucky Strike "Sweepstakes.” • And if you’re not already smoking Luckies, buy a pack today and try them. Maybe you’ve been missing somethings You’ll appreciate the advantages of Luckies — a light Smoke of ,rich, ripebodied tobacco,
CowDskt 19M, nw Znerlm Tobtow Conpur
OF RICH, RIPE-BODIED/TOBACCO - "IT’S TOASTED"