{* JVM'/ ^ ^ ^ I J >*V-4 H V -fw t ! ^ ^ ' ■ ‘‘'n r \ J !h ■’ f ' # ■5i i I I / 'V vr'i. f , ' / i , , V
J'i f-w Jr ^ r ^ f *s U. ? a, ij ■% r,
J^j|f 'y -s/ilfa A-7 ^ ^ f ■~" '^lA.P ^ v‘
■>
lS J JriirrliiA JL %nL JL,\m
Z-1SS
s Ekponent
Volume 5L No. 116
Thumdoy, Februoiy 22, 1940
Military Honorary To Announce New Pledges At Dance Scabbard and Blade formal in the new Union ballroom tomorrow night will honor the spring pledges who will be introduced during intermission. The dance is limited to actives, pledges, and their guests. No corsages will be worn, but all eds will be in either tux or tails except the Scabbard and Blade actives and pledges who will be in full uniform. ^ The music of the evening “styled lightly and politely” will be fum- ^ ished by Charlie Cartwright and his orchestra. Programs will be exchanged for tickets at the door. The committee includes K. C. Houston, chairman, J. G. Eilering, P. T. Cooper, W. 0. McWorkman, E. C. Schrader, and R. Glasser. New Co-ed Badminton Club Plans/irsf Meeting Feb. 23 At 4PM In Women's Gym Newly organized for the promotjion of badminton playing on the campus, the badminton club will hold its first meeting tomorrow at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. A name for the club will be chosen at this time. Open only to co-eds at first, the club will later be expanded to include mixed playing, both eds and co-eds being invited to join. During the semester,, members will meet regularly on Monday and Friday for actual play. Tournaments will be run ivithin the club throughout the remainder of the school year. Religious Leaders To Conduct Meeting Of Marriage Class Representatives of three different religions will be on hand to answer questions at the regular meeting of the marriage course tonight at 7 p. m. in the east faculty lounge of the Union. The topic to be discussed will be “Mate Selection.” The Presbyterian church will be lepresented by Reverend Graham, Catholic by Father Holland, and Jewish by Rabbi Saunders. These men will not speak, but will answer any questions relative to religion that might arise during the course of the discussion.
Glider Club Plans Meeting; Will Show, Movies Of Soaring Glider Club will hold an open meeting tonight at 7:16 in room 216 of the ^nion. Everyone is cordially invited to see the technicolor movies of the Frankfort Soaring Meet, and to hear the discussions pertaining to the two new gliders obtained by the club this week. One of the gliders, a Baby Albatross, was purchased from Chet Decker, national soaring champion. This ship held an altitude record of 13,000 feet and remained aloft fpr six hours. It is a single place sailplane, whose tail assembly is at-, tached to the tear-drop fuselage by means of a duraluminum tube. Members Earn Money For Ship The other ship is a steel-tube utility two-place glider designed by Craig Miller, pijesident of the club. The money necessary for the construction of the glider was won by members of the club who competed in the open soaring meet at Frankfort, Michigan, last summer. This glider will be used primarily for the instruction of new members while the Albatross will be flown in the important meets during the coming year. Potential meets this year include those at Elmira, N. Y., Frankfort, Mich., and Chicago, 111. Dick Barrie For Jefferson Hop Dick Barrie and his “Music styled beautifully mild” band will present their music for the members of Phi Kappa Psi and Phi Gamma Delta social fraternities, at the Jefferson Hop on Saturday, February 24, in the new ballroom in the Union. Barrie will also play at the formal dinner preceding the dance in the new ballroom. The Jefferson Hop is a traditional dance on many campuses between these two fraternities. It was inaugurated here last year. The name is derived from the fact that both fraternities were founded at Jefferson College in Cannonsburg, Pennsylvania, Phi Gamma Delta in 1848 and Phi Kappa Psi in 1833. John Richardson, Phi Kappa Psi, and Bill Sanders, Phi Gamma Delta, are m charge. NYA . . . checks are now available and may be obtained by calling for them at the^ Cashier’s Office in the Executive Building, according to an announcement yesterday by Cashier W. W. Hollensbe.
AAA In Limelight As Industrialists, Farmers Discuss Present Situation Several Think Cooperation Is Sdution In an effort to promote co-operation between the industrialist and the farmer, 75 representatives of the two walks of life held a conference Tuesday and Wednesday at the Union. Members of the National Association of Manufacturers discussed informally with farmers and landowners the present economic relationship between the two groups. Statements of significance to each
group were made by several prominent speakers. Target of many accusations by the farmers was the Agricultural Adjustment Administration. The words of a few of the speakers are quoted below; Ross Among Speakers David E. Ross, Lafayette industrialist: “I think it is wrong to take a government subsidy.” “Agriculture should be spending three and one-half times as much money for reasarch than it is, if it is to keep on a parity with industry,” reported L. F. Livingston, Wilmington, Del., of E. I. DuPont de Nemours and Co., Inc. The farm problem will not be solved by farmers alone but through the co-operation of manufacturers, labor, and agriculture, was an opinion expressed by J. W. Thompson, Montgomery county farmer. He did not feel that the AAA was perfect, since he thought it should be selfsupporting. Local Landowner Expresses Self Henry Marshall, Lafayette, extensive land owner, declared, “There are more farmers as a class making good and have made good than any other group. I have 16 farms that have made money every year.” Referring to the Indiana Farm Bureau, he said, “I’m for them when they’re
right and against them when they’re wrong — and that goes for the AAA.” Russell Reif, BurnettsviUe, farmer: “Let’s don’t discard what we have (referring to AAA) until we have something better.” B. C. Heacoek, Peoria, 111., president of Caterpillar Tractor Co., didn’t see any benefits to farmers from recent labor legislation. “Furthermore,” he said, “disparity widens as more government dole is paid to farmers.” He urged rural and urban groups to be ‘realists.’ “The industrialist doesn’t have much confidence in the ‘fuzzy-minded soiluplifting’ legislators.. The farmer provides every blooming dollar that the city works with,” he declared. AAA Communistic? W. L. Bowen, Cutler farmer, said, “Communism is in the AAA up to the eyes—it being the ‘most vicious piece of legislation’ passed in the United States.” In closing the noon session, W. W. Shoemaker, Chicago, vice-president of Armour and Company, said, “There is no reason for hostility but every reason for co-operation. We don’t have any solution to farm problems, but we -do believe in cooperation.”
'Musicians Are Not Pantywaists' States Stewart At 'Y' Meeting
By Jean Ann McClintock “Musicians are not pantywaists,” stormed A. P. Stewart at the YWCA meeting in the music room of the Union, yesterday afternoon. Stewart, commonly known to students as Al, the genial director of the musical organizations at Purdue, was airing his views on music in general. Among other things, he admitted that his pet aversions, are the so called “extremes” among things musical, including the che^er forms of popular or modern “hillbilly” music. Society Swing On the other hand, in this category, are the vast band of women afflicted with the disease o:^ “Tuesday afternoon musical hypocrisy” . . . those helpless females who think that they will be ostracised
from^ Podunk Corners Society if they prefer swing to Beethoven. Sporting a navy blue sweater worn inside a sports suit decorated by a ten cent see-gar in the pocket, just to prove his contention that all male music lovers are NOT lilies, Al also gave members of the student composed a u d ie n c e some simple rules for learning to appreciate good music. How To Like It For example, in order to show how much more can be appreciated if some story behind it*is known, he played selections from Rigoletto, including the famous “Quartette.” According to Al this famous selection sounds like a four way pedigreed cat and dog fight, unless one knows the story behind the opera.
DanWestSpeaks As Religious Week Program Continues As a part of the program of the Christian Living Week of Wesley Foundation, Dan West, peace secretary of the “Church of the Brethern,” spoke last night on the subject “Sword or the Cross.” One of the main points of his talk was that “only Christian pacifism will abolish war.” He also discussed the American Friend Service in Spain, which feeds needy Spanish, war children. Tonight Rev. H. C. Stolldorf, pastor of the Trinity Lutheran Church, Will speak at the Methodist Church at 7 p. m. Rev. Stolldorf is a wellknown counsellor on marital problems, and he will lecture on “ ‘Him and Her’ Friendships.” Anne Pierce will act as chairman of the meeting. On Friday evening. Rev. Jasper Cox, pastor of the Methodist Church at Monticello, Ind., will discuss “More Things Are Wrought by Prayer.” Dr. L. Hadley of the mathematics department will speak Saturday night on “Personal Integrity.” The program will end Sunday with a communion sfervice. TAP Formal Friday Night Jack McCartney and his orchestra from DePauw University Avill furnish the music for the annual TAP formal dance in the South Union ballroom from 9 to 12 Friday night. The dance is sponsored by Triangle, Alpha Gamma Rho and Pi Kappa Phi fraternities. McCartney’s music is familiar to many Purdue students who remember his appearance here at a swing session and mixer early in October. The orchestra is now featuring Judy Wright as vocalist. Stratton Attends Dean's Meeting Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Miss Claire Coolidge, and Miss Helen B. Schleman will be in Saint Louis until Friday where they are attending the annual meeting of the, National Association of Deans of Women. Yesterday Dean Stratton spoke on, “The Professional Training of Residence Hall Directors.” On Friday, the last day of the convention, she will take part in a panel discussion on the “Co-ordination of the Dean of Women.”
WBAA Will Present Here's To Piggy --A Basketball Genius If There Ever Was One
Patriotic Speaker
Adolph Starr, M. S. and LL. D., Will speak over WBAA at 2:16 this afternoon on the topic “Character and Wisdom of George Washington and Abraham Lincoln.” Mr. Starr, National Chaplain of the Navy Club of the U. S., Past Camp Commander of the Department of Indiana United Spanish War Veterans, and Past Patriotic Instructor of the Department of Ihdiana Veterans of Foreign Wars, is speaking under the auspices of these organizations. Horticultural . . . society last night elected Arthur Frantzreb, president; Warren Vaughan, vice-president; Maxine /Runkle, secretary; and E. A. Wolf, treasurer. The election of the forager was postponed uptil next week. Program for the meeting featured Phil Johnson, who spoke on various apple by-products; and Ed Joyce who entertained with accordian selections.
By John Adamson If there ever was a word that exemplifies the pride and joy of Indiana—^this game called basketball -—that word can be found on the lips of every net-mad Hoosier from the smokey blast furnaces at Gary to the muddy waters of the lower Ohio. One word that fits a little man whose face is lined with a thousand tortured moments spent on the Boilermaker bench, the man who is known up and down the winding leaches of the Wabash as “Piggy.” Crawfordsville Boy Ward “Piggy” Lambert, Purdue’s perenial net coach, epitomizes Boilermaker basketball. He grew up in Crawfordsville, where basketball was first introduced, and as a player and coach has watched America’s biggest indoor sport grow from a crude game played with bottomless peach baskets to the last word in athletic affairs for which it is now known. Piggy grew up with basketball; until now his whole life is wrapped up in what he terms the grandest of all sports. Truly Piggy and basketball have merged into one
being.
For 28 years he has held forth here. During that time his teams won or shared 12 Big Ten titles— 10 of them sinpe 1920. And just to
throw another bit of fuel on this year’s hopes of another conference title. Piggy’s teams have ended up on top of the conference heap in every even year except 1924. Every indication points to a continuation of this streak for another few sea-
sons.
The Great Ones Around the walls of Piggy’s office hang the pictures of some of the greatest stars that have ever swished leather through the draperies. Stars that learned their basketball under the watchful eye of the “Pop Warner of Basketball.*’ To him have been presented the allAmerican scrolls of such of his boys as: Charles “Stretch” Murphy; Johnny Wooden, Bob Kessler, Norm Cottom, and Jewell Young—^names that recall magnificent performances by magnificent performers. Strange as it may sound, Lambert didn’t want to coach basketball when he left Indiana back in 1912 to study chemistry at Minnesota. Baseball entered his mind and for a number of years it had a mental battle with his first love, basketball. Piggy, who did a lot of cavorting around the infield, was recommended to Connie Mack who at the time was rebuilding his long-famous
million dollar infield. Mack advised Ward to wait a year or so, but time was too slow moving for the ambitious young man and the next season found him playing in one of the Dakota bush leagues. Worked With McCarthy During the war, while Lambert was at camp, Joe McCarthy, then a rookie second baseman, was made manager of the Louisville Colonels and wanted Lambert to join him on the strength of his showing on the camp team. This time, however, he refused and much to the chagrin of Big Ten rivals, returned to the coaching of basketball. People who have watched Piggy’s charges dash up and down the hardwood at breakneck speed and fling the ball around with more or less abandon, wonder if maybe the Boilermakeis aren’t a bit mad if not erazy to 'travel at such a fast pace. And yet there is method in Lam-
bert’s madness.
His teams, which are many times the shortest in the conference make up for their lack of height with speed. This year’s record only serves to bear this out as the Boilermakers have emerged from 13 of their 16 encounters on the right end of the score. In all but one of those games,
the Riveters were laboring against a taller team, Minnesota being the only squad that had to concede any height to the Boilermakers. Is History Repeating Itself? This year. Piggy’s eyes are again shining with the light that bespeaks of another Big Ten title. Another title to add to nis growing pile of trophies—a thing which Ward seldom speaks of and yet sm'passea that of any other coach in the coni ference. But Piggy’s eyes are not just looking into the few lemaining games of this year, but gazing into the future, mentally building up more great teams and great players. He has been doing it for over a decade now, and although the years have begun to show their marks on Piggy, there is plenty of basketball left in the little man of the hard-
wood.
They tell a story here at Purdue, a stoi-y about the scout who was sent to watch the Boilermakers and returned’home with a sad report. “How can I figure out what they do when they don’t know themselves— until they do it.” Lambert, who suffers with his boys on the bench, nervous, intense, knows what they are doing. Take a look-at the rec-
ords.
Cadeis To Receive Tribune Medals For ROTC Work 'Three sophomore basic studenta in the Purdue ROTC unit will receive medals today awarded by the Chicago"Daily Tribune for outstanding work during the first semester of this year. Medals will be' presented by Col. D, M. Beere at the regular Corps Day Formation this morning at 11 o’clock. Gold, silver, and bronze medals will go to Cadet Sergeant Majors M. C. Topcliff, Marion; M. E. Keck, Mt. Vernon? and A. A. Topp, Indianapolis, respectively. Similar awards are made by the Chicago Daily Tribune to outstanding* cadets of ROTC units throughout the middlewest. Continuing its recognition of the ROTC, the Tribune will conduct a salute to the units in combination with an observance of Washington’s birthday tonight at 9:30 o’clock over WGN and the Mutual Broadcasting System, Lt. Gen. Stanley H. Ford, commander of the Sixth Corps Area, will be the featured speaker. Varsity Show Candidates For Managerial Positions Will Meet In Fowler Hall Candidates for managerial positions on the Varsity Show will be interviewed by the Electoral Board of the University Theater on Friday, February 23 at 4 o’clock in the Eliza Fowler Hall. Those who have filed petitions for this position will be given precedence in these interviews. However, all candidates are requested to meet at the north entrance of Fowler Hall. WelfareWorker , Addresses AAUW Addressing the graduate group of the American Association of University Women, Miss Louise Jeffers of the Coimty Welfare Office, spoke last night on her experiences in the field of social service. Preceding the address, a short business meeting was held in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Mrs. S. E. Keller, chairman of social service, was in charge of the program, and Mrs. Walter Scholer, Jr. and Charlotte Epple were hostesses for the evening. Skating Parly Planned Gy Christian Foundation Maple Point will be the scene of a skating pai*ty sposored by the Purdue Christian Foimdation on Friday, February 23, at 10:30 p. m. The group will leave the Christian church, 329 N. 6th street, at 10 o’clock. Entertainment in the form of games will be provided for those who come earlier. Tickets are priced at 26 cents per person, and free tickets will be given to those who bring cars and take five people to the I'ink. Tau Kappa Epsilon - . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Donald Grove^ Jamestown, and Jack West, FIossp* moor. 111.
Alpha Chi Rho
. . . annoimces the pledging of Charles J. McCammon of Rohmson, 111.
Faculty Members . Regular monthly meeting of the faculty wiU be held on Mondny, February 26. at 4 p. m.. in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full uAtendanoe is expected. EDWARD C. EUyiOTT* Preeldmit.THE PURDUE ESO^NENT
ByHankMUkr
Such popularity must be deserved ... Wee Bonnie Baker, vocalist with Orrin Tucker, is threatening Mrs. Roosevelt’s title of “most photographed woman.” During the past six weeks, over 500 pictures have been taken of the little Miss. She has at least one and sometimes two and three sittings a day. Premier Daladier of France will speak to the Washington Birthday Dinner of the American Club in Paris this afternoon. His speech will be carried by NBC-Blue network.' —e-e— Here are two new songs to listen for which should be of the better class. They are “With the Wind and the Rain in Your Hair,” and secondly “On the Isle of May.”.. The latter was taken from Tschaikowski’s String Quartet in D major, the Andante Cantabile movement and was adapted by Andre Kastelanetz. Both songs have been waxed. -—e-e— t George Jessel usually airs a good program every Thursday evening at 7 over WMAQ. His program tonight will present Benay Venuta as soloist with Peter Van Steeden’s orchestra. As guests, he will have Margaret Lindsay, stage and screen actress, and Dave Irwin, author and explorer.
Personnel Notes
COMPANY: The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, New York City. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. G. C. Campbell. VISITING PURDUE: Thursday, February 22nd. INTERVIEWING: Seniors for actuarial and statistical Work with his company. Those interested should sign up in Professor William Marshall’s office, in the Recitation Building—or in the main office of school concerned.
It is be^nningvto look like yoti can’t even give anything away over the radio without someone griping about it. The program in question is the Pot O’ Gold program on Tuesday nights with Horace Heidt’s orchestra and sponsored by Turns. It seems that a petition has been sent to the FCC (we’ve mentioned it before) stating that the program violates • Article so and so. Section something or other of a certain act concerning lotteries. It just seems to us that someone is jealous of the program idea and if they can’t get it they are going to stop it. —e-e— Incidentally, the Pot O’ Gold struck relatively close last Tuesday evening With $1,900 going to a family on relief in Tipton, Indiana. 6-6—-The Good News show tonight will preview the mystery film “The Lone Wolf Strikes,” with Warren William, Eric Blore, and Iris Meredith playing the leads. Fannie Brice will also celebrate her seventh anniversary as Baby Snooks. The show is at 8 on WMAQ. Bing Crosby’s Kraft Music Hall will present as guests Joan Bennett, Sabu, the. “Elephant Boy,”. and ,Robert Virovai, 19-year old Yugoslavian violin virtuoso. Seventeen year old Sabu is one of the highest paid juvenile screen stars and mastered English in two years.
Notices
No notices wiU be accepted after 8 p. m.
Sigrma Delta Chi; Short but important nieeting in PIA office at 4:30 p. m. Thursday, February 22, for actives and pledges. Arrangements will be made for transportation to Indianapolis for joint initiation Friday, February 23, at 6 u. m. —TERRIO.
Co-eds Only By Irmie Irwin
The humidity being high, our hair drools low about our shoulders these days. There’s only one remedy girls —^that long delayed permanent! If care is exercised in the choice of a beauty operator, and a maximum of attention given to the prized ringlets, they will be a delight during our present precipitation and be iii their pealc of glory for prom. At least it will mean a few nights’ freedom from sleeping on curlers.
Spring must be around the next two comers, for its first si^, white shod feet, has already put in an appearance. -Defying mud puddles, and lingering remains of ice, the new white shoes brighten up co-ed classes and co-ed spirits. Even the eds seem to be cleaning last year’s saddles.
To keep the campus beautiful, and incidentally the men in a good humor, perhaps we should start walking Indian fashion on our way to and from classes. It seems there have been some weaker, more helpless of the male sex ruthlessly shoved from the walks. Particularly must we protect the ROTC as they mincingly emerge from the Armory. (Of course, there are those who say a . single co-ed would be trampled to death upon meeting the army.)
Cosmopolitan Club: Election of officers 4:30 p. m. Friday, February 23, in Room 304 of Union, Necessity for quorum requires attendance of all members possible. Piecing of any students, American or foreign, desirous ■ of joining Cosmo Club. Members urged to attend Baptist Foreign Student Banquet at 6:00 p. m. at Baptist Church. 2-23 —SHICKEL.
Apsey Lecfures Oh
Exponent Juniors; There will be a meeting of all editorial and co-ed juniors in the office at 4 :45 p. m. Thursday, February 22. , —FRED. ,
Ag. Education: Meeting February 22, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Bring money for keys. —LIEURANCE.
Skull and Crescent: There will be no Cotillion meeting at the Phi Delt house February 29. —BELLES.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Skating party Friday, February 23, at 10:80 p. m., at Maple Point. Meet at Christian Church at 10 p. m. Any person with a car who takes five people to the rink will receive a free ticket. —ROBBlNS.
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting Thursday, February 29, instead of tonight. There will be a speaker at that time. —MILLER,
Gala Week Committee: Meet at Debris office, G:46 p. m., Thursday, February 22, for picture. ; 2-22 ' —ARCHIBALD.
COMPANY: Standard Oil Company of Indiana, Indianapolis, Indiana. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. F. R. Weise, of the Sales Department. VISITING PURDUE: Soon. INTERVIEWING: M e chanical and chemical engineering seniors for 5-month training course in lubricating engineering prior to actual sales work. Those interested should sign up in office of head of school concerned.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, February 22, at 4 p. m. in office. Please be there. Final plans for Co-ed Capers. -COOLEY.
Sophomore Senators: Important meeting of Lost and Found workers in the Senate office at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 22. —STEWART.
Reamer Club: Tickets for remaining basketball games will be distributed at banquet next Monday night. Junior actives are expected to attend. All actives meet in Room 363 at 6 ;20 p. m., Monday, Februruary 26. 2-25 ARCHIBALD.
Flying Club: Debris picture, postponed from last Sunday, will be taken Friday, February 23, at 4 p. m. at the airport. —KIMBALL.
T & IE Students: Banquet scheduled for Thursday, February 22, has been postponed until Wednesday, February 29. —PRICE.
Senior Military: An examination will be given in Room 202 Armory at 4 p. m. Tuesday, February 27, for those students having a “C” grade in Military History and Policy. Students concerned will get a University Form 97 from the Adjutant’s. Office and pay the required fee at the Registrar’s Office. —PICKERING.
Gimlet: Initiation banquet Thursday night, February 22. --FRAZEE.
Scabbard and Blade: All Scabbard and Blade members and pledges who have not received bids see Mias Cain at the supply room or call McWorkman—8411. 2-22 —McWORKMAN.
COMPANY: National Supply Company, Toledo, Ohio. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. J. R. Mahan, Chief Engineer. Mechanical and Metallurgical engineering seniors .interested should examine catalog and descriptive material of company in the Personnel Office, then sign up for consideration, Those in mechanical engineering Will be selected by Professors Young and Arm, and the metallurgical men by Professors Bray or Lovell. After preliminary arrangements, Mr. Mahan will come to Purdue to interview.
Military Basketball: Participants in Military Basketball Tournament see Intramural court schedule this date. First games start 7 p. m. —LARR.
NYA Workers; Checks are now available at the Cashier’s Office in the Executive Building. 2-27 —HOLLENSBE.
Etaminationa for condition removals in History, Economics and Government: These will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m., room 303. in the Recitation Building. Application must be made in the History office no later than Friday, March 8. —ESTEY.
Debris Salesmen: Important meeting Thursday, February 22, at 4:00 p. m. in the Debris office. —McLEAN.
English and Speech Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in English and spqech will be held Saturday, March 2, beginning at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the Education building. —MILLER.
All Purdue Students and Faculty : Christian Living Week service. West Side Methodist Church, Thursday, February 22, 7 p. m. Rev. Stolldorf will speak on “ ‘Him and Her’ Friendships.” Everyone invited. —PIERCE
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, February 22, at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —BURBRINK.
COMPANY: Inland Manufacturing Division, General Motors Corporation, Dayton, Ohio. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr, U. L. Moler, Personnel Director. Company is interested in any mechanical or chemical engineering graduate who has been active in basketball or baseball. Those seniors interested please sign up for consideration in the office of the head of the school concerned.
WAA Tourniament Schedules: WAA. tournament schedules, shuffle board andV ping pong, are posted in the gym. First round, Friday, March 1. 3-1 —HOLDEN.
House Presidents’ Council: Meeting Thursday, February 22, at 7:16 p'. m. in WSGA office. Very important. All representatives- please attend. —PLUMMER.
POMM: Meeting 'Thursday, February 22, at 5 p. m. in the armory. —HOTLER.
SAE Members: J. M. Hutchinson of the Chrysler Corporation will speak on ‘.Superfinish” at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, February 22, in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Everybody welcome. —DUCKWORTH.
Glider Club: Open meeting Thursday, February 22, at 7 :16 p. m. in Room 216 of the Union. —LOBEL.
BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS Wed. Feb, 28, 7:30 p. m. Study Under a Nationally Known Instructor—P. M. Allen Graduate Challf Russian School N. Y. City President of Chicago- Ass'n of Dancing Masters Past Five Years.
To Experienced Dancers NEW ADVANCED CLASS opens Thurs. Feb. 29rii
MaM
Starts TODAY BETRAYED BY THE MILLIONS HE MADE! The heart moving dramatic story of a mighty» tycoon I who founded a dollar dynasty! and lived to see if smashed! by life's Siren Call!
THREE
^ wifh ] EDWARD ELLIS [WILLIAM GABGAN W KENTTA¥L0R I. EDWARD BROMBERG Katharine ALEXANDER and VIRGINIAVALEand ROBERT SIANTON j selected through the second Jesse rko 1. lasky’s "Gatewey to Hollywood" Talent Search. — PLUS—• Official Fight Pictures Joe Ys Arturo LOUIS GODOY 15 Rounds of Fistic Dynamite! Every Punch, Each Smash* ing moment of the Sensational Fight!
Fred Apsey, CE ’41, %oke on “Developing Pictures” at a meeting of the Camera Club in the Union last night. Mr. Apsey explained the equipment and; tedhnique to be used in developing negatives. This was the second in a series of three lecturps planned to instruct beginners in. various methods of photography., The final lecture entitled “Enlarging and Printing” will be given next week.
WATCH YOURSELF KEEP OFF THE GRASS
Speaking of smoking (not that we are) there should be a forum organized for those co-eds indulging. There could be a set of rules compiled concerning where to and where not to smoke. A good manicure should be made a. requisite of smokers, since the hands are particularly conspicuous at that time. It is possible for women to smoke gracefully and inoffensively, but unless you can, -why not leave it to your more sophisticated sisters ?
Flying Club: Sixty cent expense fee from each member planning to attend the initiation ‘‘steak fry’’ Saturday, February 24 is due now. Pay to Littlefield of Habicht in the sweet shop' any afternoon this week between 4 and 6 p. m. Thursday, February 22, is the absolute deadline. —HABICHT.
Gimlet Members: Have limited number of tickets for Illinois basketball game. First to give me their money at the initiation, Thursday, February 22, get them. —PEIRRIN.
LOST—Beni exposure meter in Sweet Shop on February 1st. Please call 41562 or return to Union Lost and Found.
WAA Riflery: A list of class team members and class schedules is posted on the bulletin board of the Women’s Gym. The tournaments are Tuesday, February 20; Thursday, February 22; and Tuesday, Fpljruary 27: shooting from 7 to 8:30 p. m. Attendance is required at two of these nights in order to wet WAA points and numerals. —HARRISON.
Union Freshmen: All staff assignments are posted on bulletin board in Union office. —BRUBECK. (2-24) ^ :
_ WSGA Counselors; All who received notices please call for your counselor’s notebook. (2-24) —COLLOCH.
ARC
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
Lost—Post slide rule case. Initials R. J. Kotfila. Call 2769 between 6:30 and 7:00.
Lost—Lady’s wine purse at Pufdue-IUin-ois basketball game Saturday night. Finder please call 31662. Reward.
LOST—kappa Kappa Gamma Sorority Pin. Name, Mary Burtsfield on back. Call 7493.
Lost—Silver colored Norma Eversharp. Four colors of lead. : Reward. Pickeral 8029.
LOST—Log-Log Deplex Slide Rule. Initialed R. A. M. Finder please phone 2235. Reward.
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
-MW* ' .uHTLkSH ^CTI0H|
Pl: LEO CflRRILlR - TIM RKO HOLT. STEFFI OUHA — and—
EPWABD L. ALPERSOM
REXwSHElK
16 OF
HOASE8 WONDSAHOILSt
. GRAND* MAllOtTAL PICTOfti-
— ALSO —
Some call it madness ...some call it love...i we call it FUN!
TODAY - FRI
MARS
LUMA — TODAY - FRI. - SAT. —
DOUBLE FEATURE
IN DEFERENCE TO PUBLIC RESPONSE, WE ANNOUNCE THAT THE ENGAGEMENT OF THIS UNUSUAL MOTION PICTURE WILL BE EXTENDED THRU— SUNDAY FEB. 25
MARGARET MITCHELL’S Stoty of Uie Old South
GONE WITH THE WIND
IN TECHNICOLOR
For night shows all seats are reserved. Tickets are now on sale. Matinees will be usual continuous performances with no reserved seats. Come anytime from 1@;00 a. m. up to 2:30 p. m. and see a complete show exactly as shown at its famed Atlanta Premiere. BUY RESERVED SE^ATS NOW OPEN 9:30 A. M. —Continuous—75c Incl. Tax —- NO SEATS RESERVED — EVE. 8 P. M."—All Seats Reserved—$1.10 Incl. Tax — GOOD SEATS STILL AVAILABLE — MAT. 2 P. M —RESERVED—$1.10 Incl. Tax While this engagement is limited this production will not be shown anywhere except at advanced prices—at least until 1941,W44 i'^1 I M*'-^ ■» j. m'* 1 'If* r^
hh<y4-'^ a
'n. V
w'iij ’^^i, ‘i'’4'i '*
Thursday. February ^22, 1940
£xfUHyiiiL fiaupL
-li^ i‘ ?"'■’■(
-f ?P‘
X %4< 4 xl$i ^ t
* /
Riveter Swimmers To Meet Huntington YMCA Squad Friday Although ineligibility and sickness has played havoc with the Purdue swimming team, nevertheless, Coach Dick Papenguth is at last getting his tankmen whipped into shape. When the Huntington YMCA comes to the Boilermaker pool on Friday night, the swimming mrator believes that “we will be able to surprise them in an event or two.” On January 6, these two squads met at Huntington with the local tankmen losing 36-48. The aggregate coming from Huntington boasts a number of champions among them being two divers Heiple and Shutt who are National Y title holders. Feigle, former captain of the Indiana swimming team, is another diver and
also swims the breast stroke. Dilley, a senior in high school, is also on the squad and is a National backstroke champion. 220 and 4^0 ^ \ Budig, National' Y champ, and Purdue’s captain, Johnny Graham will be in the spotlight when they tangle in the 220 and 440. Against Indiana last week, Graham knocked five seconds off the varsity record in the quarter-mile event. The medley relay team composed of Tingley, Anderson, and Branner has cut down the time in their race and against Chicago swam two seconds faster than the winning time made by Huntington in the last encounter. Coach Papenguth is quite pleased with his freshmen prospects and also on the outlook for the team next year. Captain Graham will be graduated, but it is hoped that McGammon of the Rhinies can move up to take his place. Williamsdn, another frosh, is leaving to take part in a National Junior Championship swim in St. Louis. He has already beaten the American record in the 220 yard breast stroke by two seconds.
\
mor ms/£s ns BEAUTYcaa , BARGAIN!
89c
Be clover and lovely too! These 3 and 4 threads ore true beauties — yet yours at a budget price! Now made with new Security Garter Zone—another aid to longer wear!
DOUBLE
PROCESSED FOR LONG WEAB
J^aeb^
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Profestioiial
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. UfTHCR A RISK DR. HAROLD 1. RISK 4tti e Main Ptwna 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN
DR. C. E. SURRATT
ot/vJ Ad^iri 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE Sc
OPTOMETRIST
• Jewelers
522 Main St. Phone 4T31 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Rest. Supplies
• Florists
SPECIAL DECORATED OR CREST AND MONOGRAM CHINA GILLESPIE'S 221 Vi Col. St. Phone6405
Darner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Piol4oh\ Choku By Roliert J. Dedk^rd While playing in the Michigan game at Ann Arbor, Mich., the Boilermaker basketball team, according to Rolfe Jenkins, Exponent sports editor who covered the game Monday night, played urfder slightly difficult conditions. —^fc— Rolfe reports that, during the game, snow on the Fieldhouse roof leaked through and dropped on the playing floor, causing spills and pileups by Riveters and Wolverines alike. . . Early in the first half, Mickey Tierney, Boilermaker sophomore guard, in an effort to make a crip shot, took a bad spill when he slipped on the wet floor. .—^fc— After Robert C. Woodworth, sports publicity "director of the University, turned out a iflece of publicity with respect to heralding Captain Freddie Beretta, Boilermaker guard, for his steady all-around work on the fivfe this year, Stewart Marquis, an associate sports editor of the Exponent, did a nice piece of research yesterday, bringing out some figures on Beretta’s defensive work. —^fc— Marquis found that Freddie held Ralph Vaughn, the Southern Cal’s brilliant scoring star to a total of seven points, in the meantime, garnering four field goals, eight points on his own account In other games, Freddie stopped Illinois’ star, Bill Hanac, at 10 points, Michigan’s Rae t^ seven and Northwestern’s Klein to five —^fc— Although best known for his defensive feats, Beretta’s scoring has added to his fame as a basketball star, for in the first half of the Big
Trackmen To Face Wildcats, Iowa In Triangular Meet Track stars from three schools will meet in the Fieldhouse Saturday afternoon in an attempt to establish a few new Big Ten records. Thinlies from Northwestern and Iowa will vie with Coach Phillips’ squad in the first indoor meet at Purdue this season. The Wildcat’s Myron Piker, champion sprint man, and the Big Ten pole vault champion, Ed Thistlewaite, will be on hand guaranteeing good exhibitions in this department. Finch of Northwestern, rated as number one high hurdle man in the mid-west, and Iowa’s Collins, who finished third in the high hurdles m last year’s Big Ten champlonshins, are scheduled to compete against each other m a race which IS liable to produce unpredictable results. ^Holding up the Boilermaker end of things will be Ed Holderman who IS going to attempt to better the Purdue mile record. Captain A1 Shackleton and Anthony, sprint speedsters, will seek new honors when they try to hang up a new quarter-mile mark. Hoping to make still another record go the way of all records, Forrest Weber will toss the shot in Saturday’s meet Scheduled to start at 2 p. m and last until 3.30 this meet will feature plenty of action between closely balanced squads. Ten campaign he averaged six points per game, a better mark than many forwards have been able to achieve. —^fc— The close guarding of Beretta has also been featured by a minimum of fouling, having committed only 13 personal fouls as a regular player on the Boilermaker contingent during the first Big Ten games.
ChsL £jcdim^ (jJsilL? Good (jJhoiaAonuL J-ood. Is Essential for the Active Mind • ECONOMICAL • SPOTLESSLY CLEAN • PLEASANT • QUIET • FAST SERVICEWhile You Wait In Comfortable Chairs *%s We Are Speaking of The Chestnut Room on the second floor of JhsL fiwvdwL TthinufwaL lAjnhfu The Comer of the CampusYet the Center of Activides
Balanced Scoring Features Riveters' Winning Record When Coach Piggy Lambert boasts of the balanced scoring power of his league-leading cagers, he is basing his statefnent on no myth but on the proven facts. A survey of the distribution of high point honors for the 16 games that the Boilermahers have played so far this season clearly reveals this widespread distribution of scoring.
High School Swim Teams To Meet Here Competing in the annual Indiana high school swimming meet, more than ten teams from throughout the state will meet in the Fieldhouse pool Saturday. Each high school ■will -be represented by approximately 18 men. Preliminary trials will be held at 10:00 in the mqrning where the number of entries warrants. Finals will be held at 2:30 in the afternoon. Admissjion will be 25 cents for either the preliminaries or the finals or 36 cents for both. Both Lafayette high schools will be represented. Central of South Bend, the defending champion, has also turned in its entry. Eight events will be featured. These are: 50 yard free style, 100 yard breast stroke, 220 yard free style, 100 yard back stroke, 100 yard free style, fancy dmng, 150 yard medley relay, and 200 yard free style relay. Sig Eps Win Fraternity Squash Championship Trouncing the ATO entry in the finals, the Sig Ep squash team annexed the interfratemity squash championship Tuesday night. Petty and Werst of the Sig Ep team won the^^r matches, while Silver was the lone ATO victor. The varsity squash team will meet the Fort Wayne OtRcers’ Club squad Saturday afternoon at Fort Knox and will then journey back to Louisville for a match with the Pendennis Club that evening Coach Clevett thinks that his fast-improv-ing team has a good chance to break even with these two strong rivals. Eberhardt, Morley, Blessing, Mann, and Adams or Munroe will make the trip to Kentucky.
/ 7"'
$
A loRRA/N-e-GOWN that gives your figure ' lines"! Its secret is ample length (54 in.^ full sweep, (72 in ) flattering busr contour and ribbon tie bach that slims your waist! Tearose. Small, medium, large "Lorraine" Slips for Act-ive Kiddies I S9c each Durable and strong — amply sized — double seams — won't shrink or stretch—safe to launder features seldom found at this price
THIEME & WANGERIN CG. 622-626 Main St.
Six Marksmen It’s no wonder that opposing quintets have been more or less confounded in attempting to concentrate on halting the scoring activities of any particular Riveter netter, for no less than six members of the Boilermaker squad have virtually taken turns in pulling down the high scoring honors in individual games. Don Blanken, sophomore sharpshooter, who ranks ninth among the Big Ten scoring leaders, has led the Boilermakers in scoring m six games. Dan Fisher, senior forward, and Bob Igney, junior guard, have topped Riveter scoring in four battles apiece. Frosty Sprowl, Mickey Tierney, and FVed Beretta have each gained the high scoring laurels in two games. Boilermaker scoring leaders in each of the games played to date follow:
and
and
Macomb (47-24) — Igney
Sprowl, 10 points each.
DePaul (25-37) — Igney
Fisher, 7 pomts each.
Detroit (43-19) — Tierney, 9
pomts.
So California (34-38) — Beretta, 8 points. Wash. State (38-26) — Blanken, 12 pomts. Oregon (41-35) — Blanken, 18
points.
So. Methodist (48-26) — Igney and Blanken, 9 points each. Rice (52-41) — Igney, 14 points. Northwestern (40-29) —Sprowl, 11 points. * Ohio State (49-32) — Fisher, 9
points
Wisconsin (49-36) — Blanken, 15
points.
Minnesota (50-34) — Fisher, 13
pomts.
Indiana (39-46) — Beretta and Blanken, 11 points each. Chicago (52-30) — Beretta and Blanken, 11 points each. Illinois (33-27) — Tierney, 10
points.
Michigan (25-17) — Fishei, 9
points
l-M Schedules
-Kersey vs S2 vs H2 vs A2 vs B2
—liiU
Court 1— 7 OO—Sl 7 15—HI 8 00—A1 8 15—B1 Court 2-
7 00—Cl vs C2 7 16—D1 vs D2 8 00—El vs E2 8 15—FI vs F2 Court 3—Svving 7 00—S3i vs S4 7 16—H3 vs H4 8 00—^A3 vs A4 8 16—B3 vs B4 Court 4—Smithson 7 00—C6 vs C4 7 16—D3 vs D4 8 00—E3 Vs E4 8 16—F3 vs F4
AND JL UP
B & W Shoe Co. t21 Nortli FwmHi SI.\ix
Si !
Incidentally
By Vladimir “Neither rain nor snow nor sleet nor hail can stay this author from his appointed task of rattling out copy —but once the sun starts to shine, WATCH OUT.” So read the engraved words on the bronze plaque tacked up on our lampshade under a beautiful picture of Hedy LaMarr. If you must have an explanation of the inscription, and Genial Jim Farley will probably want one, we’ll just point to Hedy’s picture and dreamily quote from Tennyson’s “Locksley Hall” . . . “In the spring a young man’s fancy Lightly turns to thoughts of love.”
But speaking of the weather, and we may have been, reminds us of a job interview we just had. Rushing into the sanctuary of the company representatives all ready to tell them how superbly fitted we were for their company, we were calmly and coldly repressed. “For the past four years in the University,” we started ... . But they just smiled, and nodded their heads, and said, “We know ... we know.” And for the entire 15 niinutes of the interview we talked about the weather.
Personally we can’t see how they can hire a man only knowing that he CAN talk about the weather. Anybody who has ever been to a trade dinner is an expert on that subject. (Of course there are the cads at those dinners who, instead of discussing the weather, prefer to sit in dead silence for a lengthy period and
R. E< Iiudcr Editoir-iii'-Clilef W. E. Smith Bosinera Managmr D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, managingr editor; E. M. Antonini, seiiior advertisiitgr manager; G. Schilling, co-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Entered aa second class matter at the post ellliea hi Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress e£ Maroh t, 1879, and at the apeoial rate cd postaga prorldad (or te section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised Jansary tO, 1922. Publisbed daily except Monday during tbs regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Seesion. Delivered locally by carrier for |3.09 per year, maO subscription 88.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madiso^ Ave., New York, N. Y. Night Editor, DeHoog Ass’t. Night Editor, Mueller Day Editor, Burstfiield Thursday, February 22, 1940. ,
Prof, Ewing Speaks At Ohio Northern U. Speaking on the “Opportunities for Young Men in the Field of Electrical Engineering,” Professor D. D. Ewing of th.e school of electrical engineering journeyed to Ada, Ohio, yesterday, to address the engineering students of Ohio Northern University. His address was part of the program planned for Engineers’ Week
sponsored annually by the engineering departments of Ohio Northern to honor'our first engineer, George Washington.
Student organizations on the University of Wisconsin campus do a half million dollar business annually- .
The University of Kentucky archaeological museum contains 2,100 Indian skeletons.
Theta Xi
ERE’S tow Crown
Service does more for you!
H
1. Clothes Cleaned by Crown are moth-proofed by MONITE Moth-Proofing process. This insures against moth damage. 2. Clothes pressed by Crown receive that popular FORMPREST distinction. 3. Hat Cleaned and Blocked by Crown are repellent to water spotting. 4. Shirts laundered by Crown are DATED. That insures a years wear or replaced by a new one. i^owB Ikmm F~l N E C L E AN E R S OF FIN E CLOTHES
The Book that tells the story oftMmmiAjtAjcdwiv Pictures of President Elliott in Formal and Informal Poses, Photographs of the Dean of Women and the Dean of Men, Also included in this section are pictures of the members of the Board of Trustees,
mo
(DebJoA. ^ojmftbdsL (^amfunL QoD&MijiL
mo
then remark, facetiously, “Isn’t it fun to watch people ?) Maybe the employers are trying to eliminate one or the other of these types. * * * But we don’t like it. Maybe the weather actually has something to do with employment. Oh! We never thought of that! We might as well start looking for another job. We talked about the weather for the entire interview. And it" was raining. We’ve got to go now and rescue our roommate. Word comes to us that he awaits the outcome of HIS interview with his heart in his mouth. That wouldn’t be so bad, but he just opened his mouth to say something and put his foot in it, too. Now he’s in a bad way.
We respectfully dedicate this morning’s column to Joyce Burnham ... it appears tha^ she-didn’t approve of yesterday’s remarks. And to Chuck Benson we extend our condolences, because Joyce won’t even speak to him anymore. —B & B— A contrib finally has found its way into our hands . . . you can readily see that we are washing our hands often ... Ambitions In Life Dick McNeil—to get a bid to a co-ed dance. Jeannette Klitkze—to have a cottage for two.
Fred Montague—^to own a bachelor apartment. Jphn Ritchey—^to fill “Brownie’s^’ shoes. , Rog Anderson—-to be a lady killer. Dick North—to be a ‘'movie romeo.” A certain ,Kappa—^to get Johnny Dean’s pin. • Ginny Phelps—to hold a man. Carl “Tav” Tafel—^to make “B & B.^’ Virginia Tislow—^you guess. —B & B— Notice . J . ... to co-eds who would like to see “Gone With the Wind.” Call Bob Duncan, Alpha Kappa Lambda house; he seems to have tickets but no date. —PAID AD. —B & B— It is our policy to stand behind the Student Senate’s drive to “Protect Our Campus,” but we have another angle to the problem ... it is with a certain restraint that we back this drive as it might interfere with one of our better springtime
members, short course students, and members of the faculty gathered 126 strong Tuesday night to hear E. G. Weed, vice-president of the Foote and Jenks, Extract company, give a speech suppliipented with a motion picture on “Modern Mexico and the “Vanilla Bean and Extract Industry.” Plans were made fori ^he annual Dairy Banquet to be held February 28.
dirt agencies. Just imagine the effect it would have if the Alpha Chis got out of the habit of “relaxing” on their lawn . . . what could the Betas do on a balmy spring nite ? ' —B & B— As a last lingering thought . . , we wonder if Ellen Kepner, K^ppa Alpha Theta, is still looking or is she satisfied with Joe Martini Joe claims he isn’t lazy, but that he was just born tired. ^
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of the following: Robert E. Myers, Normandy, Mo.; Robert L. Hall, Fort Wayne; and Ahmet Neyzi, Ankara, Turkey. The Ohio State University has 60 fx'aternities and 20 sororities. ' * If * Of the nation’s 10 largest educational institutions, five arfe members of the Big Ten.
Ghesterfield presents a Combination ypu can count on for
MILDNESS AND BETTER TASTE
CLARK CABLE
VIVIEN LEIGH / '\
Th e perfect blend of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos in Ghesterfield gives you the two things you want and look for in a cigarette .. . Real Mildness and Better Taste. Then, if you add that Chesterfields are far cooler, you know you have a cigarette that really satisfies.
& I
' ® KlP produced bV 1 piclofe • • ■ ^p,r ro\eo*®^
jiSl
^ 1
The Cooler, Better-Tasting, DEFINITELY MILDER Cigarette
Copyright 1940, Liggbtt «c Myhe* Tobacco Co.