►
This Newspaper ^ Is Published Each Morning By, -^nd For Sfudents of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY January 13, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL 49 No. 89
Dyer Wins '38 Corn Crown
Special Programs Await University's Ag Visitors Today^ Special attractions on all fronts are in prospect for University' farm visitbrs today as the annual Agricultural ConfereUce eniters into its fourth day of session. Purdue’s Symphonic Band will provide the Number One featui’e for homemaker guests in presenting its first program of the year before the Indiana Home Economics Association im Memorial Gymnasium at 2 o’clock this afternoon. Director P. S. Emrick wilHead the 85 musicians in giving one of Haydn’s compositions and a waltz by Strauss. Headline speaker on this morning’s agronomy program is O. H. Sears, of the Urbana, 111., College o f Agriculture. Sears will talk to the agronomists on “Are Soybeans Soil Buildiers?” and Michigan State’s R. H. Kelty will speak to the same group this afternoon on “A Year in the Apiary.” The WLS “Dinner Bell” program goes on the air again today at 12 o’clock noon for 30 minutes of discussions and songs. Gail Redfield, O. C. Lee, M. 0. Pence, and Prof. R. B. Hull, all of the University staff, will give short talks, while Rush and White county home economics club choruses will entertain with melodies. Editor Will Speak Attendance of about 600 visitors is expected for the Purdue Ag annual dinner in the New Agricultural Engineering Building at noon today. Editor Mclntire of the Wisconsin Agriculturist will present the address. Distinguished ag certificate awards will be given out at this time. Presentation of sire and herd awards is scheduled for the State Dairy Association’s banquet in the Memorial Union ballroom at 5:30 this evening. Jack Kurkowski and
1? 1 nTi yvi /\r»
are the entertainers for the affair. Stratton Speaks On 'Finals' To WRH Frosh Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton spoke to the freshman residents of the Women’s Residence Halls Tuesday evening at a specially called house meeting. Her subject was “A Freshman Paces Finals.^’ She advised the girls to get a reasonable amount of sleep, and to eat regular meals. Keep a composed and clear mind, she advised. “More people flunk examinations because they do not understand the question, than because they do not know the answer,” she reminded the girls, J
Late Registrees Bring Total To 6,280 Mark Corn judges yesterday selected Clarence Dyer’s sample of Reid’s Yellow Dent the best of the 556 entries in the State Coin Show, now in progress in the faculty lounge of the Union. This makes Dyer the 1938 corn king of Indiana”. Junior Champion, winner of the 4-H Club show, is Richard Blackwell, Franklin. Ora Ross, Shelbyville, had the best single ear, and Roy Snoeberger exhibited the champion samples of wheat hnd oats. Robert Sloan of Worthington, showed the champion sample of soybeans. Registration Reaches 6,280 Other sessions continued throu^out the day and evening with total Agricultural Conference registration approaching the 6,280 mark. Carl B. Fritsche, of the Farm Chemurgic Council, told general session attenders yesterday that factory payrolls'are dependent upon farm income ■ and that solution to our agricultural dilemma must come through research. Between 800 and 900 Indiana rural women, representing 39 Home Economics County Choruses, joined in a huge music festival in the Jefferson High School Gym last night. The program was under the direction of University Music Director, A, P. Stewart. Livestockmen, Jersey breeders, horticulturists, and Guernsey breeders held separate banquets last evening. Farm Managers Elect Officers At yesterday’s meeting the Indiana Farm Management Association elected Forest Modisett, president; Palmer Edgerton, Lafayette, vicepresident; and Prof. O. G. Lloyd, of the University, secretary-treasurer. Potato Growers re-elected Ray Morgan, Knightstown, president of their organization. Retiring President Herman Miller, of the Indiana Corn Growers’ Association, opened the meeting of that organization yesterday. J, Fred Hardin, Rnightstown, was named president of the Corn Growers’ group for the coming year. Problems of hybrid seed corn production and performance were emphasized in the day’s discussions. Engineers Discuss Electrification In other sectional meetings, farm electrification and soil erosion measures occupied attention of the agI’iculturai engineers, while dairy men took up breeding and disease problems. Farm management, land use, and international trade were the principal topics before the farm management group. Freezing of fruits hnd vegetables occupied the attention of vegetable growers. Botanists and entomologists discussed methods of controlling pests of the household, greenhouse, and garden, while pQultrymen listened to a series of practical talks on experiences in brooding and raising winter broilers. Livestockmen had a busy day, with programs on sheep, horses, and beef cattle, combined with the annual beef breeders’ luncheon and the business sessions of the various breed associations.
Breeders Receive Medals At Annual Banquet In Union Livestockmen from east central and central Indiana counties caried off the four top honor trophies awarded last night as 400 gathered at the annual Indiana Livestock Breeders’ Association banquet in the Memorial Union ballroom. The association presented more than 600 gold, silver, and bronze medals to Indiana livestockmen. Lee B. Florea, residing near Milton, again won the W. A. Wilkey and Son trophy for making the best records in gold medal livestock clubs during the year. He was the winner of last year’s contest. Paul
Fisher, Carmel, was awarded the E. J. Barker trophy for having the highest average weight per litter at 180 days. Prof. E. A. Tpwbridge of the University of Missouri was among the prominent guests present. John A. Day, of Henry county, received the coveted J. D. Conner,
Jr., trophy for owning; a stallion that sireoVnore medal-winning colts in the Gold Medal Colt Club than any other stallion in the state. Harvey Whitton, Cambridge City, was awarded the Marion Williams trophy for leading the gold medal winners in the Hoosier Gold Medal Lamb Club in raising the largest
percentage of lambs.
Prof. Prank King, head of the University animal husbandry department, announced medal winners and presented the trophies. J. D. Harper, Crown Point, editor of the National Livestock Producer, was toastmaster and was introduced by O. R. Quakenbush, Sharpsville, the president of the Indiana Livestock Breeders’ Association. Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the University divisioh of education and applied psychology, was the prin cipal speaker. Other speakers were dean of the school of agriculture, J. H. Skinner, President Edward C. Elliott, and Lieutenant Governor
Henry Schricker.
Immediately preceding the dinner, members of the University Animal Husbandry Club presented a short playlet in which they “Knighted Sir Loin” similar to the way that it was done in England centuries ago. The University Glee Club under the direction of A. P. Stewart entertained with several selections.
Indiana Weather
StudenVs Skit Wins $50 Rural Contest Prize Having survived—after one short rehearsal—the preliminary elimination tryouts held Tuesday afternoon, “Professor'Whiz,” an original playlet by Don Paarlberg, sophomore Ag student, wort the $50 first prize for smaller rural groups in the Rural Amusement contest in Jefferson High School gymnasium Tuesday night. A 12-minute play, it was presented by the Lake County Ollier Youth’s Club, Employing a cast of 13 persons, the skit is a burlesque of the currently popular question—answer radio programs. The title role was played by Paarlberg, and two supporting loles were taken by D. Howkinson and K. Holton, both students in the University. ^ Dedication Of New Fieldhouse Includes Five Star Program At the dedication of Purdue’s new Fieldhouse, on Saturday, January 15, at 2 p. m., an intercollegiate program will be presented. There will be two parts to the program, which will be managed like a five-ring-circus. The following events will take place simultaneously: Purdue vs. Illinois in a five man Singles table-tennis; faculty badminton demonstrations; Dayton YMCA squash racquets vs. Purdue varsity racquets squad; university boxing championships; and Pui’due vs. Notre Dame in fencing. The second part of the program will consist of the following, also played simultaneously: Illinois vs. Purdue in a squash match; Purdue vs. Illinois faculty squash racquet; and Purdue vs. Illinois in a five-man badminton match. To climax the day of sports, the Purdue-Wisconsin Big Ten basketball game will be played in the main gymnasium at 7:30 o’clock. Since the Badger team averages an even six feet in height, interest has been aroused in the traditional competition between height and speed. New Men’s Gymnasium 2:00—Registration of Fieldhouse Contributors, Room 108. 2:30—University Boxing Championships (eight weights) 2:30—^Table Tennis Exhibition, Purdue vs. Illinois. 2:30—^Faculty Badminton Exhibition. 9;30 Fencing, Purdus vs. Dame. 3:00—Swimming, Varsity vs. Freshmen. 3:00—^Wrestling, Purdue vs. Illinois State Normal. Fieldhouse 6:46—Band Concert, Paul S. Emrick, Director. 7:15—^Dedication Program, Larry Downs, ’94, Master of Ceremonies. 7:55—^Warmup period for basketball teams. 8:15—Basketball, Wisconsin vs.
Sevitzky Conducts Convo In Fieldhouse Tonight Fabien Sevitzky, director of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, will raise his baton at 8 o’clock tonight to initiate the first convocation ever to be staged in the new Field'house. Doors to the Fieldhouse will be opened at 7 o’clock. Agricultural Conferehce visitors
Forecast for the State: Fair today. Tdmorrow unsettled and somewhat warmer, with rain in the north and central sections. Local Temperatures: Low, 22; high, 36; mean, 29.
Purdue.
Lebanon Upsets Jeff Jefferson high school’s hardwood quintet was upset by Lebanon last night, 39-32. The contest was held on the Boone county school’s floor.
may attend the concert as guests of the University convocations committee upon presentation of their regular Conference tickets. Students will be admitted by passport only, and a limited number of 50-cent tickets will be available to the general public, at the door only. Orchestra Rated Highly “Mr. Sevitzky has with his present organization an orchestra which compares favorably with other orchestras in the Middle West,” said Convocations Committee Chairman J. T. Gunn last night. The program: 1. Euryanthe Overture by Weber. 2. Eine Klein Nachtmdsik, by Mozart. 3. The Lone Prairie, by Shepard. 4. Die Meistersinger, by Wagner. (a) Introduction to the Third Act (b) Dances and the entry of Die Meistersinger. Intermission Symphony No. 4 in F Minor, by Tschaikowsky. Reception In Union Following the convocation pi%gram, a reception for the orchestra and its conductor will be given in the main lounge of the Union Buildin'g. Refreshments will be served, and the Union has invited students, faculty members, townspeople, and University Music Director A. P. Stewart and his musical organizations to meet the orchestra. William H. Ball, president of the board of directors of the Indiana Symphony Society and donor to the Ball State Teachers’ College, and Franklin Miner, manager of the orchestra will attend the reception. Six Months Old Baby Makes Hit By Dorothea Justin Nominated for the youngest at the Ag Conference—Sylvia Jane Benson. Six months o!d, Teeling fine, looking beautiful, Sylvia makes a hit with everybody. Proud parents, Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Benson, from Vincennes, said “She just had to come! This is her first trip, but some day she’ll be a graduate of Purdue, we hope.” Sylvia in white knit sweater and leggings, blinked demurely at these plans for her. Her father, a county agent for 20 years, her mother a home demonstration agent for six, Sylvia Jane stands a good chance of coming here on other conference trips. Mrs. Benson smiled modestly at people gathered- around the little white doll. “She may be a graduate in 1960 ... We think Purdue is a grand place.” \ Sigma Phi Epsilon Sigma Phi Epsilon, social fi'aternity,'announces the pledging of Harry W. Soderstrom, Gary.
28 Frosh Petition For Senate Berths As Deadline Nears With the deadline for taking out and returning freshman Senate petitions set for next Monday at 5 . p. m., the race for 10 vacant frosh seats is on. According to the elections committee, candidates should take out their petitions as soon as possible so that they will have ample time to secure the necessary signatures for nomination. Up to last night, 28 petitions had been issued. They were as follows: 14 engineers, six ags, four science, no PE’s, no pharmacy, and three home ec’s. Out of the 10 Student Senate berths to be filled by elections at second semester registration, one will go to the ags, six to engineers, one to home economics, one to the science school, and one to the combined schools of pharmacy and physical education. No More Chats With Caretaker For H E Co-eds By Joan Wimborough Haven’t you missed “Pop” too? Remember, he was caretaker of the Applied Design Building last year, and used to sit outside on the iron fence and speak to us all? We’ve missed his friendly greetings and interesting chats between classes this year. Pop, off of the campus, is Fred Forth. He has retired this year because of ill health, and is living at 318 South Sixth Street in Lafayette. Began In 1913 Pop’s services to this campus dates back to 1913. He was custodian of the Library from that time until 1936, when he was transferred to Building No. 2. For twenty years he carried the campus mail on foot, in addition to his caretaking job. Twice daily, through rain and snow he carried mail from the president’s office, and distributed it to every building on the campus. That meant two long walks a day from the last agricultural building to the north end of the engineering campus. During the war. Pop, while still taking care of the Librai-y, and acting as campus postman, worked tirelessly packing and sending supplies from the 'Tippecanoe County headquarters. Pop, who has gone through all thq chairs in the Odd Fellows Lodge, has been honored many times by his lodge brothers. He is truly, as his friends say, “a gentleman of the old school.” For his tireless work, and ceaseless effoiTs tq do good, he will long be remembered by students and faculty of Purdue.
Brawl-Goers Get Exclusive Use Of West Half Of Union Tomorrow
Bands Will Occupy Ballroom, Cafeteria Take two bands . . . one hot and one sweet. Place one in the ballroom and the other in the cafeteria of the Union Building. Add the novelty of a photo-montage backdrop with a dash of the “Anti-Nudity Committee’s” censorship, and you have the Boilermakers’ Brawl. The dance, annually sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic society will be tomorow night from 9 until 12 o’clock. Offer Prizes The society is offering many Valuable prizes for original and
comical costumes which pass the censorship of the “Anti-Nudity Committee” composed of Dr. Clifton T. Hazard, of the ipathematics department; Dr. Sasrres J. Miller, of the student health service; and Prof. M. W .Todd, of the civil engineering school. The west half of the Me'morial Union Building will be reserved tomqrow night for those persons attending thje Sigma Delth Chi Boilermakers’ Brawl, according to an announcement made last night. Students not attending the dance will be allowed access to the billiard and Card rooms.
bowling alleys, browsing room, mu^ic room, grill, and men’s and women’s lounges. The remainder of the building will be blocked off for the Brawlers. With this arrangement, Bernie Young and his colored swingmasters will be playing in the ballroom as Bud Bryant an4 hi$ catnpus band will simultaneously be syncopating in the cafeteria. I These three imposing and dignified gentlemen will be perched on a reviewing stand located in the lobby of the Union and will inspect the couples as they enter the dance.
Couples will receive either a “decent” or “indecent” rating. Those receiving the latter will be redressed solemnly by the committee and sent home to be “rqdressed.” Said Dr. Miller: “I’ll give any man a decent rating whose exposed parts are covered by hair.” Quoth I)r. Hazard: “The integral of skin sdx between the limits of minus infinity and plus infinity, I shall construe to be ‘indecent.’ If, however, I have the opportunity to take the' integral of skin x dx between tjhe lipiits of zero and epsilon, that shall be ‘decent’.*^ Will Visualize Lines Stated Prof. Todd: “I’ll survey the
anatomies as they pass by and visualize the contour lines. That ought to help tell whether the persons are decently dressed or not.” An intr^id photographer stole into the Civil Engineeidng Building the other night to snap a picturq of the three censors while they were debating upon the allowable exposed area to be permitted on the anatomy of the students at the dance. The photographer- snapped the picture, but the three were frowning so fiercely that the negative was ruined. Must Have 81.66031% Covered “Students who have at least
81.66031 percent of their bodies covered by opaque clothing, not fitted too tightly in vital zones, will be admitted to the dance,” the commit tee announced. , Only a very few of the 400 tickets to be sold for the dance are yet to be had. The prke is $1,99^, and the tickets are being sold at the Union lobby desk, Deac’s, Southworth’s and by Sigma Delta Chi members. The male with the best all-round heard will be given a ticket refund, while the co-ed with the tiniest foot will also get a free ticket. Other beard prizes and costunoie awards are to be made.£ ®S I
If
i
I
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, January 13, 1938
The Editor Says
the Purdue Exponent
Six Thousand Persons.... .... from all corners of Indiana ... six days of intensified educational programs . . . scores of speakers whose names figure prominently in state and national news . . . countless banquets and entertainir^g programs moving simultaneously with the precision and speed of the modern day machine . . . agriculture is in the spotlight! Man’s most complicated and diversified profession, yet the world’s most indispensable occupation takes the stage for Agricultural Conference Week. No one meeting would suffice, and no one meeting could bring such a group together. But this conference, touching on agriculture in all of its ramifications, brings together 7,000 Hoosiers, the cream of rural Indiana. The group’s progressiveness is demonstrated by bringing here a special two-day program for Indiana’s older youth and young adults. These young people have their state organization and are working toward a definite objective. Understanding state leaders are taking this opportunity to lend a helping hand. Such a gathering as this with exchange of knowledge among various community leaders is in itself an education. These people, too, make the best listeners to carry back to their homes what is new and different in their particular phases of work. That the group has vision is shown in the choice of speakers. Research workers, and through them, manufacturers in whom is seen a future outlet for produce, are listed on the popular programs. If by cooperating with the big business man mutual benefit can be seen or anticipated, these Hoosiers want to know how to go about doing their part. Though highly individualistic, they are justly proud of their accomplishments and are desirous of a means of making their labors even more fruitful. Competition is present, in every line, and a few competitive exhibits are on display here. From the prize winners they take their pattern and work toward that end. Friendly competition, particularly in corn exhibiting, has earned an international reputation for this show. Winners of the state show are held in esteem almost as high as those at the International Corn Exhibits. Then, why will more than 7,000 rural people visit Purdue this week? Because they like to, because here their questions can be answered by those best
r'l i&rn 13 CiM
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mall $8.60.
RSPRKSBNTEO fOt* NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National AdvertisfngServfce, Inc. / College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICASO - Boston - Los Anoelcs - SAN Fnahcisco MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, IndPhone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Basinesa Hanaser
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor — - J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, '' C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor's'- Secretary..... Margaret Sawyer ^ J BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. - --.J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager B. R. Hensler Circulation Manager - M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor - - Elizabeth Pyke Associate Mitors Itory Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors ...J, S. Brown, R, L, McDonald, , B. D, Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University vieviipoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Hardin Issue Editor—Houston Thursday, January 13, 1938
qualified to answer them, and because by coming they make for progress, they benefit themselves and their profession. —L. S. H.
get into a long discussion on how his lecture reminded you of Einstein’s dissertation on relativity. Tell him he is up on the latest teaching methods and his diction is unbeatable. Don’t forget to remind him that he resembles Robert Taylor. That is the arrow that will hit home.
ther information we refer you to Jim Shoemaker for specialized male approaches and to Alice Parlon, for the co-ed technique.
Thomas Say Society To See Movies Tonight
This is the time of the year when the Purdue student’s thoughts seriously turn to ideas of “sucking,” “apple-polishing,” or getting on the good side of the professor.
\ It seems no more than appropriate, then, that we offer this brief course in the art of “Getting Next to Your Professor.”
(1) First you must consider the approach. But before you can decide upon the proper approach you must analyze the professor. If he’s bald-headed, has buck teeth, is given to flipping a piece of chalk absently as he talks, then by all means use the forcing method.
Forcing Method: Pretend you don’t like the course. Tell him so very vigorously. Write letters to him outlining his faults. Argue with him in class. Tell him you had a better teacher in grade school.
If, however, he’s a sheik, oils, his hair, wears spats, and speaks in staccato barks, then use the oily method.
If neither of these methods fits your professor, you’ll have to try one or more of the following approaches we’ve listed in a miscellaneous classification:
Oily Method: Wait after class and
NOW SHOWING THRU SATURDAY
cWAITTlUVOU SK HDraURN AND ROGCIIS TOftETHEWl
DIN&IR ^ ROGKS ADOLFHI NENJOU -witfi .IT.... IK • CoRsbiiM Coillir Sjimitl 1 Hftiilt EXTRA CHARLIE McCarthy IN BRING ON THE GIRLS
Suggest writing a spedal report on some phase of the course. Be sure the phase you pick is some thing about which you can write without doing any work. (4b) Get on a dance committee and invite the professor to be a chaperon. (99%c) , Invite the prof over to the house to dinner after which he is to giveva lengthy discussion of the relation between the inner and outer inside of the common muskrat. (7) Send him a Christmas card (5) Call him up at night and ask his advice on a personal problem which involves his course. Don’t forget to hint that he’s your only hope. (6) Date his daughter. (6a) Date his son. On after thought . . . don’t date either his son or daughter. Then there’s the old, old standby .. . leave a great big, shiny red apple on his desk.
Since we have exhausted our knowledge of the subject, for fur-
Geoi’ge Gould, extension entomologist, will show moving pictures for a meeting of the Thomas Say Entomological Society tonight at 7:30. The meeting will be held in room 103 of Agricultural Hall. Reports on Indianapolis meetings will be given by Society members.
ARC
Today—Fri.—Sat.
Now! Cortland Filztimmont’ "leSBESTiSHr with FLORENCE RICE ROBERT YOUNG Ted Heely M-G-M Can —«nd—
‘DICK TRACY” SERIAL
vm 171 NO BABY. DAD!
She thought she knew all about love and life ... and then her roman* tio world tumbled about her! Laughs, thrills, heart-throbs...in a drama as warm and moving as “Ah Wilderness I”
LEWIS STONE Cechu PARKER Micm ROONEY
Dirwvtw4 hy GEORGE B. SEITZ Mayer n L
EXTRA RUSS MORGAN AND ORCHESTRA
STARTS TODAY
MASS
collegiate
I By Mary Cooley A “Candle Light Brigade,” 260 strong, marched into the library o:f the University of California at Los Angeles in protest against the inadequate lighting facilities of the building. Studying at night, they maintained, was extremely difficult by the bad light, so they brought their own candles to add to the illumination.
The editor of the Florida Alligator at the University of Florida, got a letter from a University of Mississippi student asking where in the heck his alligotors were. Why had they not been sent ? It developed that one of the University of Florida cheerleaders had promised to bring the student a baby ’gator when he accompanied the grid team to the University of Mississippi . . The ’gator infants were sent-
The first snow in many a moon, at the University of Texas at Austin, precipitated in a free-for-all snow battle which took the police riot squad to break up.
Agitation over ‘starvation wages’ paid to students working in restaurants for their board has broken out at the University of Wisconsin. In a copyrighted story, the Daily Cardinal charged that in some cases students were forced to work for 16 to 19 cents an hour, paid in “leftover” meals. The director of the university student employment, Mrs. Alice V. Meloche, has stated that she knows that it is true in some cases that restaurants overworked student employees and fed them inadequately. The League for Liberal Action polled 250 workers in a survey to ascertain working conditions for and wages paid to university students.
Restoration of what is probably the oldest school in the New World, the Dominican Convent at San Juan Puerto Rico, is a recent project undertaken by the United States. This monastery, constructed 30 years after Columbus discovered America, is accredited by historians with being the alma mater of Puerto Rican culture. Its utilitarian value will be retained by its use as a barracks for soldiers.
STARTING TODAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
ATEN STAR FUN FROLIC •Hh -fiert Lalir • Jiminif Savo Billjf HoDse • Alice Bradir Miscla Aaer^Joy
-PLUS-
HE MADE DEATH MARK TIMEI PjMtmKSm mmuKb.
CMI
A NEW UNIVERtAl
PICTUM
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
T can tell you better if the books balance as, soon as I get the results of the third race!”
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqate Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
‘•DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
— Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN SERVICE
Office Stationery . . Wedding Invitaliont
PHONE Sales Book,, Etc. 2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
Dine
DINE ' DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
Shoe Hepair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in tke VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Jewelry
Auto Rental —
ROGERS^ RENT-A-CAR
Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St.
— Locksmith
“C” CARTER
for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grindinar New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks
Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Florist
Dorher’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Taxi Service
The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasiona 26s per passengrer any part of city 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post bffice
Confectionery
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts.
Barbers —
Photography
Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street Lafayette ‘THREE GOOD BARBERS’
Tailors —
H. BEHRENS Merchant Tailor Makes fine clothes out of Domestic and Imported Woolens 126 N. 6th St. Over Kienly’s Drug Store
4»i
h
^ i
V'
mmThursday. lonuary 13. 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Notices
Notices Accepted After 8 p.ia.
WAA Pingr Pong; These games must be played by noon, January 18; Johnson vs, Halmond; Volekel vs. Bouton; Segast vs. Hendrickson ; Lochner vs. Cook i Hollings> worth vs. Hoover; Guthier vs. Reimann; Randall vs. Delaplane; Gabler vs. Mather, Boehm vs. George. , —BLANK.
Freshman Swimming Team: All members report January 12, 18, and 14 at 4 p. m. for final tryouts for the freshmanvarsity meet on January 16. . —EASTWOOD. ''
Gimlet: Important meeting concerning dedication of Fieldhouse, in room B of the Union January 13 at 7 p. m. —BROWN.
WAA Volleyball: These games are to be played January 13: 4 p. m. WRH South vs Collegiana and Theta vs. Ward 2; 4:30 p.m. WRH North vs Ward 1. —RODERICK.
Agriculturist: All members of Agriculturist staff report to the new Agriculture Engineering Building as soon as possible after 11 a. m. January 13. Bring subscription books. —GLOVER
Student Bible Class: Meeting in room C of the Union Bnilding January 13 from 7 to 8 p. m. Rev. Ainslie will talk on the subject, “What Happens After Death.” All students are cordially invited. —BURBRINK.
Kappa Delta Pi: Those who plan to attend regional conference at Ball State Teachers’ College in Muncie January 22, sign up in Professor McFarland’s office in the Education Building as soon as possible. ' —BYRD.
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Regular monthly meeting January 18 at 7:30 p. m. in Ag Hall, room 103. —SAVINGER.
WAA Deck Tennis: The following contests must be played January 14 at 4 p. m.: Shroder and Swick vs. Clymer and Sholty; Maier and Blank vs Merritt and Neuman , and Mounce and Morris vs Jenkins and Cook. —JENKINS,
Playshop: All students interested in properties in Playshop report to the theater office in Eliza Fowler Hall January 14 at 4 p. m. —ROBINSON.
Teachers’ Licenses: Freshman and sophomore women wishing teachers’ licenses in physical education meet January 14 in the
Women’s Gymnasium at 4 p. m. for conference on schedules for the second semester. —HAZELTON.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting January 13 at 4 p. m. in the YWCA office. —BRYANT
Co-ed Swimmers: No Triton Ciuli swim January 18. —TUBBS.
Zouaves: The keys are at my address and may be obtained there at any time before January 20. —FRANCOS
Union Workers: Members of our committees meet in the Union workshop at 4 p m. January 13. —TAYLOR, SAMUELSON, * MILLHOLLAND.
Cooperative Book Exchange: Members meet January 14 at 7 p. m at Foundation House. —LUDBERG.
Local Ads
TYPEWEITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multmraph and mimeograph work. C. ^ Ebershoif, 606 Main street.
STUDENT ROOM—For rent, desirable location, 540 Vine street. Phone 61672.
FOR RENT—Single room for men students, 440 North Salisbury. Phone 45633.
FOR RENT—Modern room next semester near campus and village. 107 Chauncey.
ROOM AND BOARD—Available for men students February 1 at 209 Vine street. Phone 3210.
FOR RENT—Double room, twin beds. 214 West Columbia.
JjDjmMDw niqhL ... qo S/tawL-m^ /Mjuxsl
m, a, DE LUXE CAB
PHONE 2151
Women’s / Athletics
Triton
Since the Ag conference is taking over the Women’s Gym tomorrow night, Triton Club is offering a mixed swim from 7:30-to 9 o’clock to take the place of the weekly mixed recreation night. Anyone may come, with a date or in a crowd. Emily Tubbs, president of Sportswomen, sponsors of the mixed recreation nights, announced the change.
Ritlery
Final eliminations in the WAA riflery tournament were held last night, starting at 7 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. Announcement of the varsity team was made after these games.
Shooting was held in the order of classes, the freshmen competition taking place at 7 o’clock, while the seniors shot at 7:46. Eliminations were held last Monday and Thursday and from the high scores made, the winners of positions on the varsity team were chosen. These are: Marjorie Seibert, Ruth Maddock, Doris Christenson, Miriam White, Elizabeth Maier, Helen Bailey, Joyce Burnham, Bette Smith, Irene Boehm, and Edith Whinery.
Eight Ward Basketball
Teams To Enter Finals
Eight teams have earned the right to enter the final round of the ward basketball tourney that will start with games tomorrow evening in the Fieldhouse.
Wards 2 and 17, and Cary Hall 5 have unblemished records and are able to boast six vans with no defeats. The others that will compete for the trophy—awards 1, 5, 6, 12, and Cary Hall 2—^have won all but one of their six encounters.
75 Students Attend Second Meeting In Shooting Course
Seventy-five students attended the second meeting of the newly organized course in target shooting under the auspices of the intramural department and the directorship of John F. Holmes, Tuesday afternoon in the Fieldhouse.
With the opening of the indoor 50-foot range in the Fieldhouse, the athletic department together with the Tippecanoe Rifle and Pistol Club, who installed the equipment, decided to develop rifle shooting as a sport and also to give a number of students and faculty members a chance to learn something about shooting. Holmes Instructs
Holmes, who holds instructor’s certificates from Purdue and is a member of the National Rifle Association, discussed in this meeting sling adjustm<ent, protie position, and sight adjustment. The instruction in this course will comprise six periods, during which the fundamentals of care and handling of the target rifle will be fully covered. This course follows closely that given by the war department at the Small Arms Firing School at Camp Perry National Matches each year. Lessons Still Open Anyone who is interested in learning the fundamentals of target shooting may register at any time in the intramural office, or he may attend any oi the classes on Tuesday and Friday at 4:00 p. m. in the east class room of the gymnasium.
Freshman Squash First practice will be held tonight at 7 o’clock in the faculty gym. Enter at the northwest door of the Recitation Building. Those interested, experienced or not, are urged to attend. —CLEVETT.
Full House Will Watch Purdue, Badger Cagers
All 8,500 available seats for Saturday night’s game with Wisconsin have been reserved. Eleven hundred officials and donors to the Fieldhouse fund will be on hand to watch the Boilermakers mark finis to the dedicatory program of the University’s new athletic plant. “Piggy” Stresses Passing
By Dick Obenchain
Now that the Illini incident is history, we hope that Purdue fans will snap out of it and really give the Illini something to tell the home folks about after they come to Lafayette, February 7. _fc— We would like to direct our readers’ attention to Gordon Graham’s column of yesterday which expressed our sentiment about the whole affair and put the incident in its real light . . . Illinois^really turned in a fine game to defeat the Boiler makers Monday . . But the Illinois’ “flying Frenchman,” Louis Boudreau, we really think, should be renamed the “faking Frenchman,” after the grandstand act he put on at Champaign. —^fc— This aforementioned Boudreau was described by the euphemistic Illini sports editor, Pery Blain, as follows: “Capt. Boudreau was a scintillating weaving phantom, rhythmic cyclone who couldn’t be stopped.” We suppose he’s about half right.
Saturday is the formal opening of Purdue’s new Gym and Fieldhouse . . . and a real day full of entertainment is planned for Purdue fans ... It sure will be worth seeing . . . Too bad, finals are so close.
31 Yeors
Veteran Jim Edwards tells why tobad^o experts prefer Luckies 2 tol...
1 recently sold 489»000 pounds of tobacco in one 6% hour day»” says Mr. J. N. Edwards of Farmville. North Carolina. "There was a buyer, naturally, for every one of those 489,000 pounds.there was as much difference between the best grades and the inferior, as between a pretty girl and a homely one. “At auction after auction, I’ve seen Lucky Strike go after the prettiest lots of tobacco. It’s no wonder Luckies taste so good. I’ve smoked them since 1917. "And another thing . .. even after yelling out tobacco bids
all during a seven hour day, Luckies are still just as easy as ever on my throat.” Only Lucky Strike offers you the finest tobacco plus the throatprotection of the exclusive process "It’s Toasted”. This process takes out certain irritants found in all tobacco—even the finest. Men who know tobacco from A to Z—experts like Mr. Edwards —are surely good judges of cigarettes ... Sworn records show that, among independent tobacco experts, Luckies have twice as many exclusive smokers as have all the other cigarettes combined.
Sufotn'^leoteA Tkooe KNOW TOBACCO BEST-IT'S UKKffiS 2 T01
In preparation for this game, which will show whether the defeat at Illinois was just a bad break or the forerunner of a slump. Coach “Piggy” Lambert has spent the time during the last few practice sessions attempting to smooth out the ragged passing, which was evident against the Illini. Under-the-basket work has also received attention from the Boilermaker mentor. Badger Player Stars The Badgers boast of one player they believe will be able to match the free-scoring, high speed Boilermaker style of play. He is “Hod” Powell another former Indiana high school hardwood star, who has made good in Big Ten circles. Last year, the Boilermakers and Badgers broke even, each winning on their home floor. In the contest here. Brig Young made 27 points, and at Madison he counted two field goals and five free throws, the nine points raising his conference total to 172 points, a Big Ten record.
Golf, Archery Facilities Added To Fieldhouse
Devotees of golf and archery attending the University will not have to wait for the coming of spring and summer to take part in their favorite sports, because a golf driving cage and an archery range will be ready for use next week in the basement of the Fieldhouse. Golf clubs may be checked out at the Fieldhouse, but if a person wishes to use his own clubs, he will be assigned a locker at the ranges m which to keep his clubs. The University will furnish bows and arrows for archery but students may also use their own equipment
if they desire.
Game Admission All students must present their passports along with their reserved seat ticket for admission to the Wisconsin and Northwestern games. —WOODWORTH.
FLORSHEIM SHOES
Come in today; don’t wait, because this Sale Is definitely limited ... In time Md not fai quality or voiu*.
A. B. C. Skoe
Co, ^
I AftwdytM
Uglm
'-QTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday^ jaaiuqry 13* 1938
NORTHWESTERN vs, INDIANA Like Cedric, you too can be saved. Only don't let the damages on your car catch up with you like this fire has caught Cedric. Have your car checked regularly at— Peter Afiderson Co. 24 Hour Service Phone 4048 525 Alabama St.
In picking basketball teams — You can’t go wrong with Purdue. Seniors! Protect your education
PURDUE . vs. NORTHWESTERN You will also pick a winner When you insure with The Lafayette Life Insuranee Company A Mutual Old Line Company
Need Help for Finals?
'College Outline
Series"
The "College Outline Series" is a group of outlines of all college courses. They are complete and accurate. Acclaimed and endorsed by many notable teachers, they will greatly aid you in preparing for finals.
KENTUCKY vs. NOTRE DAME
SOUTHWORTH’S West Lafayette
W atches—Diamonds-—J ewelry
MICHIGAN ' vs. MINNESOTA
PICK THE WINNERS QaAh^(hjo£VtdA.! Here’s your chance to show just how much you know about picking Basketball scores. To make this contest even more interesting the EXPONENT is offering prizes of $3.00, $2.00, and $1.00 for the best three entries. Pick and win! Send your entry today.
CONTEST RULES
1. Using your ability and any scientific method you may have, estimate the scores of the ten basketball games found in the advertisements on this page. 2. Write in twenty-five words or less, “Why I Think I Should Patronize Local Merchants.” 3. The decision of the judges shall be final. In case of ties duplicate prizes will be awarded. 4. Entries will be judged on accuracy, originality, and neatness. 5. Contests will be run every week through the Purdue 1938 basketball season. Entries must be EXPONENT office by 5 p. m. each Saturday. 6. Scores must be on clipping of the contest page, or pages; or a reasonably exact facsimile thereof. 7. Entries will be received only if mailed by Campus Mail, left at the Union Desk, or left at the EXPONENT office. Address all entries to Local Advertising Manager, Purdue Exponent. 8. Results will be announced in the EXPONENT. 9. Members of the EXPONENT Staff, EXPONENT employees, or their families are not qualified for entry.
While you’re thinking about which teams will win, drop in for a chop steak and root beer. Bert Triple XXX IOWA . vs. INDIANA ‘
JhuUe> n^ Umed-
01^ DECilll OGE VELIUM
January Only!
THE BIG PRINTED STATIONERY EVENT OF 1938 A fine, smooth writing vellum paper ... 100 deckled sheets and l OO deckled , envelopes.. . . printed with Name and Address or Monogram . . . only $1. You'll want several boxes of each size . . . flat sheets and double sheets . . . for gifts and for future use. A $2 value for $1 . . . January Only! HAYWOOD’S
5th and Ferry Sts. CHICAGO vs. ILLINOIS.
Lafayette, Ind.
THEN HE CHANGED TO GEISLER'S CLOTHES rwutooKttKeTv'... HARDENED CRIM INAL -WHAT ARE VOU ^ £HAR6EDJ^TH?
THE LAWYER YOUR HONOR--HES THE PCISONEI
MICHIGAN vs. WISCONSIN 500 MAIN ST. :
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
Wk eeieM cjCuncL
420 Main Street
W. STATE TEACH vs. MARQUETTE
We Ply 40% CASH
for
Second Hand Books Every Day H.G.(i>eac)Reisner Bookstore WISCONSIN vs. PURDUE Everything for a College Education
Smash In Men’s Suits, Sweaters, Topcoats, Overcoats, Shirts and numerous other accessories. Only the latest styles are to be seen at ^5 IOWA ...... vs. OHIO STATE • /
INC. In the Village