iiifflWslilijH Sb; iiitetaysii sIj
Published Daily By Students Of Purdue Uttiversity
rOLUME XLVll
LAFAYETTE, INDIAlSTA, THUESDAY* MARCH 19, 1936
Syracuse Students Rob Ballot Boxes; Stuff Votes In Furnace
R. P. Manion, Sopho- : ^^Ilorey ■ “The biggest ertor a newspaper can make is to print for a piirpose of policy* something that is wrong,” said Charles CarUi city editor 6f the Indianapolis Times, at an opeh iheeting of Sigma Delta Chi last night. Carll, a prominent newspaperman and a native Hoosier, has been on the staif of the Times for about nine years; Next week he is being transfeirred to Cleveland, O,, where he will also be affiliated "mth the Scfipts-Howard organization “If you’re going to be a newspaperman, go to the big town,” was the advice he gave the young man who wished tO enter the newspaper business. Small Town Weekly “The small town weekly,” he says, “will always have a future if it stays in the small town,” Going further he emphasized the importance of bringing the personal ele ment into the newspaper, and said that in a seinse, names make the newspaper. Radio, he believes, has taken the thrill out of the ektra, and he be lieves that in the future, radio news services will have to be controlled by the newspapers. Other topics that he discussed were the importance of practical experience in the newspaper business, the purpose of the Newspaper Guild, the operation and organization of the newspaper office, and how the policy of the Scrips-Howard papers is determined. Mamion Awarded Book ; At the beginning of the meeting, R. P. Manion, sophomore chemical, was presented with Walter Durahty’s latest book, “I Write As “ Please”, in recognition of the fact that his Exponent editorial, “Buildings or Brains”, was judged the best article to appear in a campus publication during the month of February. The award was made in continuation of the policy of Sigma Delta Chi of presenting each month the “Book^of-the-jMonth” for the best article appearing that month in the Engineer, Agricul tnrist, Exponent, or Pharmacist.
Syracuse university also has its election problems. A well organized plot to frustrate the second Law school election for senator was carried out last week when a group of six or eight, Syracuse, seniors in the downtown school ferreted out the ballot box apd tossOd the yOtos into the furnace of the Law school building., .y.' While the Law senator who was conducting the election was put to lunch thieves entered the Deans office Where the ballot box Was being kept. A person employed in the building returned from lunch earlr ier than usual, according to reports, and upon entering the Lean's office Caught one of the seiiiors redhanded as he Was rummaging thru the room. The Law Senator, however, antic
May
College Dailies
Publish'
Political News PresMesatial Prospects Will Write Weekly Service For Stiiemt Newspapers In an effort to secure first-hand information on current political issues, an attempt is being made to unite the editors of the 30-odd college dailies in this country in a cooperative group to sponsor the publication of copyrighted articles written by potential presidential candidates and outstanding political leaders. “The College Political Service”, sponsored by the Stanford Daily, has made the initial move to obtain guarantees from the vari ouS dailies, signifying their coop eration in the purchase of the articles in the guarantee of publica
tion.
If the service goes through ac cording to present plans, the Exponent will publish these articles as a regular weekly or semi-weekly fea ture beginning next month and continuing to the last issue of the school year.
EXPONENT STAFE
All members of the Exponent staff who have not signified their intentions of coming to the staff banquet Sunday night should; contact Charles Campbell before tomorrow noon. The invitation includes all the members of all staffs, feature writers, and columnists. ■' ,
HairodWiM Speak Today In Fowler Hall Noted E n g i n e er To Talk On ‘Tiiidiiig Employment” At 4 P. M. Clifford L. Harrod will give the last of the series of employment lectures this afternoon at 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall when he talks the subject “Finding Employment”. Harrod graduated from the University in electrical engineering in 1911, and afterwards held a three year apprenticeship with the Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Harrod will discuSs the problems that confront a new jobholder as his task progresses, and he will exhibit a set of motion pictures of his recent trip to South America that will serve to illustrate several of the important points' that he Wishes to make. 1,3®® Feet Of Film fiarrod’s 1,300 feet of film will include pictures of Haiti, Jamaica, Columbia, and the Oanffi Zone, and will take approximately thirty-five minutes to run. The picture, which is continuous, will show scenes of the government buildings, tropical homes, mountain ranges, native habitat, ruins, and jungles of wild
life.
Harrod only recently resigned from the presidency of the Indianapolis Power and Light Company to devote all of his time to consulting work for which he has become world renowned. Previous to his presidency, he was consulting engineer for the Indiana Coal Operator’s Association. During the World War he enlisted in the engineer’s corps and was given the rank of captaincy upon his resigna tion in 1918 and became a member on the staffi of the Public Service Commission.
ipiating possible entrance into the pfftoe by the group, had hidden the ballot box behind a professors roatrum in a vacant third-ffoor classroom. After the detection of the student in the Lean’s office, the group of seniors anxious tb threw the monkey Wrench into the election machinery discovered the ballot boxl In glee, they carried it on their shoulders to the basement wherenearly every ballot was throWn^in^the furnace or otherwise
destr^ed.;
This election Was the second itt the attempt to elect a new senator from the Law school. The first election, held the first of the Week, was negated when one of the seniors who took part in the second incident, dropped a burning ballot in the ballot box. At that time seven votes were destroyed, and the race between Joseph Lopex and Jerome Scharoff, senatorial candidates, was close enough on that vote to have been definitely decided by the burnt seven votes.
Co-eds Flock To PoUs; Elect WSGA, WAA, YWCA Officers
Betty Arnold WAA::Leadei*
Humph r e y s,
Delaplane Also Elected
Style Show Diicats Go On Sale Today Tickets for the Union style show will go on sale this morning at the Union desk at 8 o’clock, RuthAnspach and Ruth Grimm, vice presidents in charge, announced yesterday evening. The style show and dance •will be held in the Union ballroom Friday night, March 27 The dance, foriperly a co-ed bid affair, -will be a straight dance this year as Union officials decided against holding two co-ed bid dances on successive week-ends Favors and souvenirs were presented last year and the decorations were in the form of a cabaret.
Alpha Chi Alumnae Honor National Councilor At Dinner Mrs. Walter Reitz, national councilor of Alpha Chi Ohrega, was honored by the local Alumnae club with a dinner party in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building Tuesday evening. After dinner, Mrs. Ralph Caldwell, alumnae pres ident, introduced Mrs. Reitz, who spoke on national plans and policies Of the sorority. The meeting was concluded by a short business dis cussion of the Alumnae club.
Third Show Nears Climax Playshop WiU Hold Dress RekeErsal This Evening As a climax to five weeks of intensive preparation by the produc tion and managing staffs, and a cast of eleven players, Playshop will hold dress rehearsal for “Behold This Dreamer” tonight in Duncan Memorial Hall. Two perforinances are to be given in Duncan Hall at 8 o’clock tomorrow and Saturday nights. Tickets are on sale daily from until 6 o’clock at the regular price of 50 cents. At the special request of several high school students who have evinced unusual interest in this particular production, a block of reserved seats has been set aside for tomorrow night. Heckling Wife, , . Ada Mae Roe, in the part of ^ heckling wife who doesn’t understand her artist husband, Charley Trees, and Edith GregWy, aS beautiful artist’s model Who is suffering from meloncholia, Will share honors for the leading femihine roles. Ruth Grimm, as a smooth; sophisticated librarian, is the Other woman in Charley's life. Dicken Conner is cast in the part of a self-made brush man while Thomas McCreadie will play a lovesick insmance salesman. ■ Sfe®w Stealers Bernard E-verett, Een Howard and Dick Robbins promise to steal the show •with their accurate interpretations of three not quite crazy nuts. Max Howard, as Piggies, a man Who looks like his haihe sounds, is responsible for the safe keeping of several lunatics, and an actress of unhno-wii identity, 'Will give two minutes of side-splitting mirth in the part of “Little Bo
Peep”.
Although there are several good seats left, advanced ticket sales have been beyond expectations ,
Betty Arnold, Chi Oniega, junior in the science school, was electeid president of W. A., A* during the co-ed elections held all day yesterday in the lobby Of the Memorial Union Building. Mary Humphreys, unorganized sophomore s c i e nee student, was named vice-president while Mary Ellen Delaplane, sophomore in the home' economiics school, was selected for treasurer of the organisation. Ruth Wiley, newly elected treasurer, is a Pi Beta Phi pledge and a freshman
science student.
Betty Arnold, who is a junior in the science school, has participated in, nearly all of W. A. A.’s activities including hockey, swimming, deck tennis, baseball, basketball, tennis and soccer. She was elected to SpOrtwomen, honorary for girls having earned “P” monograms, when she was a sophomore.
Wheeler Will Ttilk To Co-eds Today Dr. Theodora Wheeler will address the senior co-eds this evening at 7:30 ip the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The subject of the lecture will be “Hygiene of Marriage”. Dr. Wheeler •was unable to fulfill her engage ment last week, due to the illness of her daughter. Names will be checked by a list compiled by W. S G. A. and only senior girls •will be admitted to this lecture, ,
PROM TICKETS
Payment foT all Prom tickets must be made at tho cashier’s office by 12:30 Saturday, March 21. There will be no exceptions, PROM COMMITTEE.
balllt statistics
The foilbwing are the pctcentages of the eligible co«-ede who voted in yesterday’s triple elections to choose W. S; G. A., W. A. A., and Y. W. C, A. officers:' . W. S. G. A. .... . ............. .60% t. W. C. A. ......85% W. A. A. ..................84% Average... ...73%
.n Wams Fraternities Fislier Calls Atteptioe To^CpdeOfEtliks” Recent violation to the “code of ethics” as drawn up by the Student Senate has led to a statement by L. Fisher, dean of men, chiefly concerning that part stating: “Article 1. Section 1. Each organization shall conduct all of the activities relating to the probation in the ihitiatioh of members, except roadtrips, within the fraternity houses or •within the regular meet ing places, or in the case of organizations ha'ving no recognized center for living or meeting place except in such places as may be approved by the dean of men.” The dean of men stated that every year the new officers of each organization must be reminded of this code; consequently, he recently sent a copy to each or^nization. Although he said that he had noticed but one violation; other members of the faculty have reported several who have gone out of bounds, according to the statement given by the Student Senate.
Jones Named YW Execiiti’ve Mildred Mills Made Vice President Patricia Jones, unorganized junior science student, was elected president of Y. W. C. A. in the triple elections held yesterday in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building. Mildred Mills, Kappa Kappa Ga,mma and junior in home econom- , was selected as vice-president bf the organization for the coming year. While Genevieve SOxsOn, Pi Beta Phi, and junior in home economics, was named as treasurer. Jayne Bennewitz, Pi Beta Phi, junior science student, is the neWly elected secretary. Patricia Jones, member of Delta Rho Kappa, has served as publicity chairman and on several committees for Y. W. C. A.
Sixty EnroU In Grain School Sixty enrolled in the two-day grain grading course conducted by the University agronOmy department yesterday afternoon. The school, which is being held in cooperation -with the Indiana Grain Dealers’ Association, will be Of laboratory type with the exception of one scheduled lecture, and Prof. F. E. Robbins, of the agronomy staff, •will be in charge with H. P English and F; B. Combs, of the Grain Dealers’ Association, assist ing. The two-day course of instruction will close this evening -with banquet in the Union Building with E. Johnson, of the Ralston-Purina Company, giving the main address
Ruth Copeland ToHeadWSGA Sciidder Naiiiied Vice
President
Ruth Copeland, Chi Omega, was elected president of W. S. G. A. as a result of heavy balloting on the part of University co-eds yesterday from 8 until 6 o’clock, in the Memorial Union Building. The newly elected 'rice president m J^inette Scudder, a junior in the science school abd member of EAppa Kap-
pa Gamma.
Other officers elected wbre: Margaret F. Jones, Alpha Xi IMta, secretary; Virginia Slocum, unorganized, toeasurer; Dorothy Bfertonet, ;^ppa Alpha Theia, junior representative; and Mary Townsend, Unorganized, sophomore representative. , Represent University Ruth Copeland, who is a junior in the home economics school, has been prominent in W. A. A activities and is a member of Tau Alpha Phi. She and Helen Lall, this year’s president. Will represent the Uni■versity at a W. S. G. A. convention at Dennison University, Granville, Ohio, April 16 to 18.
1 ;!'■ . ' ) / I I
Educators
Shre’ve Talks On Researches Explsiiiis Projects At IndiiikapoMs Meeting University research projects, including steam pressure experiments, locomotive tests, tele'vision, and housing were explained by Prof. R. Norris ShirO've at the meeting of the Alumni club at the Severin hotel in Indianapolis yesterday, “One of the most interesting engineefTing researches being handled at the University,” Prof. Shreve stated, “is the high pressure steam viscosity experiments being con ducted under the supervision of Dean Potter.” He explained projects under 'way to develop better insulation, building materials, -wiM lead coatings and high voltage handling for telerision apparatus. In addition to tracing the experimental work done for railroad transportation during the past 45 years in developing air brakes, draft gears, and automatic hose connectors. Prof. Shreve mentioned agricultural and housing retoarch.
On Bonded Knee The Exponent wishes to correct the statement made yesterday that Gaylord Evans was one of the party involved in an automobile acci dent in Lafayette early Monday morning. The person referred to was Garland Everist. ANNOUNCES ELECTION, Triangle fraternity announces the election of the following officers for the coming year: president,'H. L. Coplen; vice president, K. H. Burrell; treasurer, H. E. Weppler; recording secretary, H. F. Wiegandt; steward, M. C, Hunt; house manager, J. C. Sunders.
Reamers Pledge
^0 Jmiiors
Reamers, athletic honorary fot unorganized students, last night announced the pledging of the following men: E. M. Wray, C. S. Dixon, R. J. Shank, D. N. Wait, Cloyd D. Smith, F. E. Fields, J. H. Whipple, R. H. Packard, W. C. Himter, H. I. Hersh, K, B. McEachron, R. F. Egnor, L. G. Kteiser, R. V. Abbott, F. Milner, R. M. Knepple, J. R. Woodruff, 4 0. Buxton, W. E. Schierstedt, and L. J. DoUd.
Yoimt,’96 Grad, Railroad Executive, Dies Tuesday Jesse M. Young, 50, vice presi dent in charge of operations for the Market Street Railroad of San Francisco, Calif., died Tuesday at his home in San Francisco. Yount formerly of this state, graduated from the University in electrical engineering in ’96, and he immediately joined the Indianapolis Rail' way Company. Later he became affiliated -with electrical service of the Metropolitan Street Railway in New York. His wife is the only
survivor.
FACULTY MEETING
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty WiU be held oii Monday, March 23, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A fuU attendance is expected. EDWARD C, EI^GTT, Eresideiik
LeRdersFrimi 13 Stales G G n V e 11L, Here F®r Tliree Bay Conlereiiee Agriculture conference ednearidn leaders from thirteen north central states will open their annual eoor ference on extension methods at 9:30 this morning. All sessions of the conference •which Will last through till Saturday noon •will he held in the Union; Directors df extension, county agent leadiers, home demonstration superyisoto, poultry extension nien, and rural Socioldgists will Confer dn methods employed in extension •work. The opening addrdsS Will be made by Dr. C. B. Smith, assistant director of extension service of the department of agriCtiltiirs, in the faculty lounge. Miss Isabelle BeriW, professor emeritus of the University of Illinois, and Carl C. Taylor, U. S. department Of agriculture, •rill be the Other speakers on Ihe morning program. ; Principal Speaker. At 6:30 this evening, the entire group •will assemble for a hhnquet at which Mrs. Richard Morrow, of Richmond, wiU he the prindpid speaker. T. A. Coleman, county agent leader of the Uni'tdrsity staff,'
•will preside.
The Various groups 'wiU hold s]^ cial conferences each morning and evening in addition to the group meetings. Prdgranas of speCiai interest to the particular groups have been planned by tbd leaders. An attendance of I6O is expected.
Ceres To Award Prizes To Contest Wlimers Prizes •will be awarded tonight by Ceres, agricultural honorary society, to the •winners of the Geres annual essay contest at a meeting of the fraternity in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 o’clock. Among the prizes are two cups and several keysv Prof. A. T. Winheko, head of the agronomy departeaent, will lecture on the nitrate fertilizer industry of
Chile.
'■ .ilV rj#if ; k] ,
tIClieiInriiae exponent
Memfeer AsBoda^ Collegiate PreBs Pbteibntor of OftfcLBeSAtB BlfflaST
Moniwr of National CoDesre ^5®®» ii^****® todnrilTeljr R^p^ntefi by National , Adwrtt^KServiee. Ine. 426 Madison Avemsie, New . Ywi^ CHty , ■ -.
second eloss snftttep at the peat office. Xafaye^ Ind^a. Pellywed b^ - -- ■ — ; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
■»*«, p-Kfl per year ; delirered by carrier, ^.60 per year ;
Bastness Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Str^
BdttorisI Phone 6087
Sditor-in.'Chtef.. Msmaging Editor:.
BPIYORIAE STAFF
V. Heuser
,C. H. Campbell
Associate Rditon.. Spo^ Editor..
"."ZlVJr.X.'...lAl id O. M.\Hardin, W. T. Hunt, E H. Morris, M. G. Walther _.. JSr. B. Hays
Assdcbite S^rts ESditors.. BophbnuHre Assbtants
C. Harper, Jr.,
Bcdd and Black Editor-:
.D. F. Mull, R. H. Walpole. I* D. Wood
E A. Barnette. J. B. Brock, A. H. Forrater, B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler, B. C. Schenk, J. H. ^on H^
■■■ . ■ W. B. Abbott
Bosiness ManagerAdvertising Manager.. Advertising AssistantsCircolation Manager Circalation Assistants-
BUSINBSS STAFF
W. A. Koch
H. F. Antonini -L. H. Brown. R. Greek, D. C, Miller
-E J. Hulse
. J. G. Girard, G. B. Shields
Editor-^ : — Associate Editors-. Advertising Manager. —
womarewATO -Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann ”....Josephine Perkins
Thursday, March 19, 1936.
CO-EbiTS
Young women students at the art studio of the University of California clinic have recruited the fine art originated by the jinraent Eg^-tians-^-that is, the: practice of iliusT trating operatiehs. This ancient art has survived the competition of modem photography with its movie camera, color films and what not. Drawings of the organs of human bodies, as seen during the deep sleep of anesthetics, are miade by these students to serve as guides for surgeons in future cases. Often an artist may be seen standing silently beside an operating table, swiftly ahd deftly sketching, while the hooded, rubber-gloved surgeons work in the brilliant white light of floodi lamps. »
Issue Editor-—C. Schemk.
One For The Museum The necessity of employing a sufficient command of the English language to avoid an uncomplementary label is stressed from the word “go” when a student enters the University. It is preached in English A, 1, 31, or whatever the fost year student finds on his first registration assignment. The comparatively recent formation of a committee on standards in English was a valuable move in that it Continues to hold a stick over the heads of upperclassmen and to serve as a constant reminder that passable standards must be maintained in work that is far removed from the study of gram.Dtiar., A letter by a University student was recently returned to a member of the faculty by a potential employer of the letterwriter, The student’s letter read as follows:
Dear Mister———, . ' . ' With reguards to our recent interview of the 21st, you requested that I send a application picture as soon as I received them. I have obtained them and enclosed you will find one of them. I enjoyed our little talk and regreted that it had to end so soon. I will have an oppurunity to be in in the near future and would like to have a little talk with you if it can be airanged. I want to thank you for your trouble and am looking forward to a early meeting Very truly yours, The student didn’t get the job! Neither will anyone else who would have such a letter serve as a forerunner for a possible job. When examples such as that cited above come into the hands of employers, a peculiar, unfavorable shade reflects on the University, and a serious handicap is given to those who are to follow in future years. Among the unrecognized jewels in the University is the student who coached nine letter men and made it possible for them.to maintain eligibility. He deserves a letter, too. Walk Or Swim < In contrast to the trim appearance of the campus are the walks at the Fountain and those in front of the Heavildn Hall tower after a rain. These walks, which were evidently built many years ago, have sunk in several places and have formed basins that cannot drain. This situation can be remedied in either of two days ; by installing drains at the lowest points, or by tearing up the sidewalks and rebuilding them on a higher plane. While so many notable campus improvements are under way at the present time, it seems that duo consideration should be given to the elimination of a very irritating difficulty.—^R. C. S. If the administration in Washington is changed by the coming election, we sincerely hope that the new First Lady will not turn columnist.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
Carnegie Foundation Approves (Chicago Daily Maroom) All of us who prosper under and consequently admire the Chicago plan of education find a great deal of satisfaction in
country in which miscellaneous educators, theorists, and practical men advocate for our school system changes that have already been undertaken by our own university. We see, for instance, proposals to abolish grades as a means of promoting actual scholarship; plans to reshape curricula on “survey” lines vnth enough added emphasis on social and political science to make those studies of importance equal to the traditional “classical” courses; suggestions for remodeling the exaihination system(; and so on. Most recently comes the news that the report of the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Learning advocates awarding graduation and degrees on the basis of tested knowledge rather than years of residence or unit credits. “Of course,” we say, “we agree and have done it that way for years.’’ ■ ; The report was written by Dr. William S. Learned who speaks from experience of seven years’ testing of college and high school students. He found in his investigation, for instance, that in one college, if students had been graduated on the basis of tested achievement rather than number of years in the institution, , only 28 per cent of the senior class (52 individuals) would have received diplomas. For the rest the; graduates would have been 62 juniors, 48 sophomores, and 49 freshmen. He convincingly demonstrates that our Mr. Hutchins and our erstwhile Mr. Boucher and other gentlemen of our faculty knew what they were doing. If actual proof were needed to point out the thoroughness with which members of the Purdue faculty and student body read the Exponent, they should try following a staff member to school the morning that a mistake Appears.
The instructor, Ralph Sweet, points out that while medical illustration is one of the oldest known arts, it is still the best method of reproducing difficult anatomical subjects. The photograph fails to reveal depth, whereas the fine line drawings of the artist bring out the minutest detail. Despite its great value, medical illustration remains a narrow field, due to the expense and lack of qualified craftsmen.
In America, Max Brpdel, of Johns Hopkins University, is the father of medical art. His students head practically all of the few surgical art departments maintained in this country.
Although the artist’s pencil is most dependable for many types of inrticate medical drawings. Sweet believes that the ideal-sur-gical studio of the future -will be that in which the best work of film, palette, and pencil are combined. —E.L.M.
C®M Wiiiler Has VaFied Effect On Insects The severe weather of the past months has been harmful to some fruit insects, has had no effect on certain types, and has been indirectly beneficial to others, according to Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department of the University agricultural experimental station. One of the most serious problems confronting the growers of peaches and other stone fruits is the eradication of the shot hole borer. The cold weather has weakened the trees and this gives the shot hole borer a chance to damage them. Weakened trees should receive an application of nitrate of soda or some other nitrate available for fertilizer, soon after growth starts and at least before the middle of June. Silver Mask To Sponsor Co-ed Fencing Tourney Silver Mask, fencing honorary,' is sponsoring a ^qo-ed individual fencing tournament® beginning on Tuesday, March 24, at 7 p. m. The contest, to determine the best fencers, -will be of the double elimination t5i)e. All women interested should sign in the Women’s Gymnasium by tomorrow.
APOLOGIES TO AN OLD ONE Dear Deanie: . . ' I’m living at the girls dorhu Some fun, eh, kid? * Toxi Gated. ELECTIONS AGAIN a good thing the Marquis isn’t politically inclined or the coeds would have to buck Boss Gould and his machine. One would think that people would forget in time. CHEAP. SKATES Fish Hays and one of his brothers are taking a beating Friday night. The Pifi dates won’t come through for the dance, so the boys are taking them to Indianapolis to the show. Be Mac Turly girls—and don’t spend all their money on this co-ed hid night. THIS WILL KILL YOU— OR HAS KILLED YOU What did the cow do after drank the black ink ? Mood Indigo! H. B. Brewer wants to know what to do for burned lips. Serves him right, he should be more careful. FAMOUS LAST LINES How are they going to get the derrick out of the building when the ballroom is finished? Tear down the wall.
save time—-to contact more people more frequently —rto increase sales and reduce selling costs, iiusiness more and more turns to the telephone. .
efficient purchasing, collections, administration, are constantly being devised by Bell System men as a result of their experience with the application of Long Distance in the business world. Through developing new ideas to meet changing meeds. Bell System service grows more and more valuable.Three University Men To Swim In AAU Meet
Three Purdue men are to swim in the A. A. U. swimming meet, to be held at Indiana University Saturday afternoon. It may be necessary to pay part of their own expenses, but Coach LaBree’s boys are bound to try their fins against stiff competition. There will be a 1,500 meter marathon in the morning and in the afternoon at 2:30 the rest of the meet will be held. Vernor intends to swim the hundred yard free st^le ahd: possibly^ the 44p.i KeTber will splash out the 150 yard back Starke Mth some of A. A.^^ U^^ merman. Van Delester is going to swim the 220 breast stroke, not With too high hopes of taking the event but for the valuable experience. There are no Boilermaker entries in the marathon.
Follow Arrow and you follow the style
We carry a full line of Arrow Shirts.
SOUTHWORTH’S
PEMNEY^S
Men's Dress Trousers
Dura Mode fabrics
Spring’s smartest patterns^ newest shadesi UMo-date
styling ... popular els, favored desii
them with odd chats . , . "matched combinations” are smart and practicall
mod-
^’sFgns! Wear
21 Teams To Compete In Butler Relay
Foiirtli Annual _Meet Attracts Galaxy Of Midwestern Stars
Fans To Four Hoosier Cities
tliamoud Aces Table Temiis
TWehty-one college^ And liniyi^ sitied will be represented by two hiUMhVd an^ mne^riine tradk at the Butler Belays Saturday in the ButieT Pieldhouse. The that vdll coihpete in this fourth annual track carhiyal are: Purdue, Notre Dame, Indiana Gentral, C!incihnatii Ohio University, Miami, DePahw', Indiana, Pittsburgh, Ohio State, Michigan, B^nsas State, Kalamazoo, Michigan Sta,te, Michigan Normal, liidiana State, Western State, Penn State, Earlham, Central Normal, and Butler. Jesse Owens, Ohio State’s colored sprint star is expected to be eligible this week, and consequently track fans eagerly await ‘ the special mile race that will probably feature Owens and Glenn Cunningham. Probable Entries Coach Martin announced last night the probable entries for the Boilermakers. In the two-mile relay four will be chosen from Glehdenning, Bliiemel, Goory, Janos, Ter-r hune, and Soles, by a time trial this evening to run the four halfmile shuttles. He announced for the medley, of a quarter, a half, three-quarters and a mile Glendenning, Goory, Bluemel and Terhune. Stalcup and yaUghn-Catt will enter as. the dash men for Purdue. Lentep will high jump, and Shideler will span the hurdles. There will be no Boilermaker representative in the shot put or the hurdle events. The Butler Relays have attracted wide attention as the meeting place of collegiate track stars from all over the country.
Saturday becomes moving day for all rabid basketball fans of Hoosierdom, their object being to witness four hot basketball tournaments in either Gary, Muncie, Indiahhpqli^, or Vitteennes^ decide the luck;y four to compete in the Butler Fieldhouse for the hdttof of being called State Champs. Instead of convening to Indianaigiolis for final oHminationi as in past ye^TS, four Additional; sectional eiemination tournaments have heen initiated for the first time ibis year and the winners of the sixteen regibhals will go to these centers to decide tbe four fihalists;^^ Eyes of fans in this Ibcality are focused on the Frankfort "Hot Dogs”, who are favorites to come through with the coveted prize, Coach Case was fbrtunate in hot Ibsing one member of his team that played in the state tourney last year and his chances of winning the championship for the third time appear to be very good.
S. G.LiitzTo Speak To Camera Club
Only Arrow Shirta Have Arrow Collars
The Camera club will hold the first of a spring series of talks in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building this evening at 7:16 All who are interested are invited to attend. S. G. Lutz, graduate student in the E.E. school, will be the principal speaker bf the evening. His topic will be “Paper Negatives”. The bulletin for the following spring talks has been posted as follows: Mar. 26—Representatives of the Agfa-Ansco Corporation will talk on “Making Exhibitive Prints. Apr. 16—Prof. Serviss is to explain “Micro Photography”. Apr. 23— Print criticism night led by Prof. A. H. Carter. Apr. 30—-Representa-tive of the Chicago Camera club to speak. May 7-—Open house meeting: exhibition prizes awarded, entertainment. May 1-10—Spring exhibit (last day for (receiving prints is April 27).
Students Present Two Plays For Glnb
Two one-act plays were presented before the French section of the Purdue Women’s club by University students in the conversational French course under Prof. John T. Fotos, Tuesday afternoon in the Union.
Students taking part in the first play “L’Epreuve Dangereuse”, were Betty Coit, C. D. Gounaras, P. Koppel, Marjorie Krull, and Martha Spring. Those in the second play, “Le Cousin d’ Amerique”, were J. G. Adnan, Mr. Campbell, Betty Coit, V. N. Sami, Marjorie Sundvahl and B.! G. Ziya.
French Pupils Conquer Fear Of Trick Menus
The terror which grips one when he faces a French menu card no longer will attack those who have studied French at Purdue. Professor Cattell, head of the modern language department, has compiled an index of various French menus and had them mimeographed for his classes. The lesson for the day may be the translation of a few of the choice menus. By using one menu, which is already translated, as a key, and looking up extra words in a handy dictionary, a student may get his lesson as his mouth waters in response to the mention of savory,dishes.
Limber Up In First DriUs
Mound Staff Srengthened By New Stars
GamesAtTP.M.
bn the wimahig team will each eeive a gold medal for their ities.
Cue Expert To Demonstrate
‘‘Father Of Intercollegiate Billiards” Will Speak, March 24;'
Purdue billiard enthusiasts will have an opportunity to witness the peiTormance of one of the greatest of all fancy shot artists and the peer of billiard authorities when Charles C. Peterson comes to the University next Tuesday. Peterson has been called “The Father of Intereollegiate Billiards” due to his efforts in making colleges: billiard,minded, and has been instrumental in establishing billiards as a part of their sports cprricttlum. Peterson will give a talk on the fundamentals of the game during his visit and will also give a demonstration of his list of unique and fancy shots before both undergraduates and faculty members. Instruction in the fascinating art of wielding the cue stick will be the most important part of the billiard master’s exhibitions. ■ ' j,. Tour , Sixty-one colleges and universities are included in Peterson’s present tour, the express purpose of which is to educate students correctly in billiahd fundamentals, The cue expert comes here under the sponsorship of the National Billiard Association of America, for which body he serves as billiards’
After tero MAeks of limhe^ up hearly- tMTty for the varsity baseball squad are now swinging ihte re^laT practice and with continued go od,y^^ shduld be in fine Condition fpr theirtriplouthdimingsprihgyacation. Assistant cpach “Pop” T)oan gave the diampndmen their ifirst teste of fielding work and team play by batting out some snappy groundeTs to the infield candidates in yesterdi^y’s practice session. Purdue’s prospects for a good year on the diamphd appear to be much better with a battery of six moundsmen showing up well in practice so far. Purdue’s weakness in the past few seasons has been centered around the pitching staff, but with the addition of “Hop” Howard, highly touted sophomore candidate from Washington high School of Indianapolis, this weak spot is expected to he greatly strengthened. “Lefty” Martin, Glen Downey, and Dick Shuttlewprth, three mainstays on the mound staff last year, are also back to do their part in baffling opposing batsmen. Two other men have beeing doing commendable work on the mound. Mangas, a sophomore who also works in the outfield, and Barts, an unknown on the PurduC diainond giving the other pitchers some com-
petition.
Shortstop Battle At present Caldwell and Johnny Sines, sophomore basketbMl flash, are the most likely candidates for the shortstop position, with Jewell Young, Kessler’s running , mate on the hardwood, apparently controlling the first base sack. Lucas, a regular from last season, has been transferred from second base to aid “Red” Zachary in holding down the third base position. Four men are out to fight for the catcher’s job, which was handled last year by Capt. Ed. Skoronski, Huran and Krause, both sophomores, show promise of being able to handle the duties behind the plate, as well as gathering their share of hits. The high spot of the baseball schedule, as usual, is the proposed southern trip during spring vacation, when; the Boilermakers will play a series of games against two or three southern University teams before returning tobegin their home schedule.
first ranking good-will ambassador, visiting schools, colleges, various clubs and societies—^talking and playing the game. Interest in the ivory sport has taken a decided upturn during the last two years and the increased interest has led to the organization Of a billiard team to represent the University. Their next match will be with the University of Wisconsin team Saturday.
ABERCROMBIE HURT
Gene Abercrombie, University sophomore, wiis confined at home yesterday with a broken nose and^ painful facial injuries sustained in a class fight at the Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity house Tuesday night. The injury was a result of a fight which ensued When the sophomores at the fraternity attempted to prevent the frbsh from attending the pot burning.
Enthusiastic followers of the act of ping-pong paddling will be pieaZed to know that the finalists of the preliminary matches of the ping-pong contest sponsored by College Httntor i^ p^<^ for the public at 7 o’clock tonight in the Ptirdue MembriOl Gjteutesiuin. ^ese matches mil Cottcltide the first run-off of the contest and the mniiers will paliicipate in the fiirnl matches. Those playiiig tohight include K, Li Farr? M. F. Dti Chateau; R. B. Byington, C. George, Fi E. Gaiser and R. W. Smelser. The popular prelimihary matches in the art of pushing the celluloid have attracted a field of sixtjr-four participants. The premier pittgponger from Purdue, Who necessarily WilL be a master of the art, will receive a gold medal for his prowess. Second place, for excellent performance with the paddle> will receive a silver medal and the third ranking player will receive a bronze medal. Winners of the final playoffs will be published in Col-
lege Humor.
' -f 4- -A A 4 D AND BLACE ^
Phi Gamma Delta vb* Kappa Ilelte
Ward Volleyball Champs, Will Be Selected Tonight
Ghampioiis in ward volleyball will be selected tonight in a contest to be held at 7 o’clock in the Memorial Gymnasium. The eight teams entered in the tourney will offer very hard and close competition if the play is like that in last year’s competition, and evidence points to experienced players on all of the teams. The six swatters
(inNgELSIfliSmFUtfOR Also ImperialYA Bole St.SO
if a
then a CHOP STEAK..,„.„10c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEERV (free matches)
SALE NOW IN PROGRESS
Men’s Slipover and Sleeveless SWEATERS \ White and Fancy Lustray BROADCLOTH SHIRTS With the No-Wilt Collar $2.50 Faultless PAJAMAS
2 for
$}_00 $Joo $J50'
DEAC
: HAS EVERYTHING for a■. COLLEGE EDUCATION
Ho Go REISNER
STEVE SWANSON
Formerly of Fowler Barber. Shop, is now at
215 Vine St. W. Lafayette Hair Cuts 25c
SENIORS!
We make application pictures for $1.25 per dozen. Special price on lots of fiffZ
Rembrandt Stedio
105 Vine St.
W. Xafayette
Men’s White and Fancy (Elder lace) Dress Shirts ...$1.00, $1.50, $1.65 and $1.96 Men’s Guaranteed Hand Made Ties.,......55c arid $1.00 Men’s Past Color Pajamas, coat and slip-over styles ,$1.69 and $1.96 Men’s Athletic Shirts and Shorts 19c, 25c, 35c, 60c Men’s Kid Gloves .......$1.25 to $2.00 Men’s Union Suits, all styles. .....,.....60c to $1.00 Men’s and Boys’ Belts..................................50c to $1.00 Men’s Silk and Cotton Half Hose.......... 26e to 60c New line Ladies’ and Men’s Hand Luggage at special prices.
All 65c
TIES
Now 2 for
12—$3.95 Ladies’ , OVERNIGHT GASES
295
DEWENTErS
416 Main St.
Men’s Furnishings
Watch Mer Meaith
Deceptive early spring weather is conducive to colds and other types of illnesses. Keep your children healthy with rich Sunshine Farms tqilk. Contains vitamins A B* C D E.
Sunshine Farms, Inc, ^Phone 5015
ii liClassified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. P. Eberahoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2T7B.
Wanted — Passengers to New York City over vacation. Leaving Saturday noon in LaSalle sedan. Call 6486.
NOTICES No notices accepted after t p. m.
Co-ed Fendna—Meeting tonight at 7:80. All girls who wish to enter the tourney must sign on the bulletin board at the Women’s Gym before tonight. —HADLB5Y.
W. A. A. Coundl—Compulsory meeting at St tonight at gym. —DUNWOODY.
Sportswomen—Important meeting at 4 today in gym.' —BURKLE.
W. A. A.—Open swim at 7 :S0 tonight. —ELLIS.
Orcheds—Rehearsal for the Indiana Play Day tonight at 7 in Women’s Gym. —ELLIS. Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting tomorrow night at 7 in peasant room of Union. All members are requested to attend. r-FDTOOHEE.
Union Workers—^These members of my committee meet in Union at 4 today: Marjorie Poor, Martha Markel, Jeanne Hal1am, Martha Spring, Mary Hamilton, Lorna McLeod, Alice Keeley, Margaret Richey, Mary Wynn, Esther Holtman, Etta Best. —ANSPACH.
Union Workers—These members of my committee meet in sub-basement at 4 today: Dick Pitts, Claypole, Fatout, Brown, K. Mueller, Rush, Cabonargi, Marcia, McKinsey, Mary Hammond, Alice Keeley, Martha Spring, Jean Perkins. —QUIGGLB. Union Workers—These members of my committee meet in sub-basement at 4 today: Ganet, G. Wright, Westermeyer, Pforsheimer, Shaifer, Bateman, Thomas, Craig, Louise Bain, Dorothy Morehouse, Kathryn Morehouse, Mary Wynn. —SCHOLER.
May Day Tryoht—All girls wW have signed up for May Day daubing or vi’ish to try out be at the Woihbn's Gyim tomorrow hight at 7. —BOLDER. ,
Surveying—^Exam for removal of conditions G. E. 6 will be given in room lOl of the C. E. Building Saturday, March 21, at 1 p. m. Get your permits before that date. —TODD.
Sophomore Civil Engineers—^Exam for removal of conditions in C. E. 8 will be given in room 101 of the C. E. Building, Saturday, March 21, at 1 p. m. Get yoUr permits before that time. —TODD.
Co-eds—Anyone with a car who is interested in going to the Indiana State Play Day communicate with Miss Brady immediately. W. A. A. will furnish gas and oil for the car. —BRADY.
W. A. A. Basketball—^Ibday at 4 will be last basketball practice for class games. One practice is necessary to compete in the class tourney which starts tomorrow. -CHARLES.
Ceres-Meeting tonight at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of Union. —McKINNIS.
Christian Science Organization—^Meeting in the office of the Engineer of the Union at 4 :i6 today. —DRISCOLL.
P. O. M. M.—Meeting at 4 in Armory today. —TRUG
P. I. A. Men’s Chorus—Rehearsal in Union tower at 7:16. C. Cox is now director. —WHITE.
Tau Beta Pi—Dinner meeting in Union at 6:80 in reception room. —RIETH.
Kappa Phi Sigma—Important meeting today about 6 in Union. —ROBBINS.
Gimlet—Meeting tonight at 7:16 ' in the Union. " —BROWNING.
Sigma Delta Psi—^Tryouts in small gym at 4 today. —McCORMICK.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Union Workers—These members of my committee meet in sub-basement at 4 today: Bowman, Thompson, Sbolle, Thiel, Reith, Conway, Blank, Roper, E. Holtman, M. G. Mytinger, M. Lewis, L. McLeod. —CLARK.
Union Workers—These members of my committee meet in sub-basement at 4 today: R. J. Mueller, McCrane, Williamson, Stallings, McWilliams, Wetherland, Hess, F. T. Sheetz, Chapin, Mary Amsden, L. Lyons, M. G. Jarrett, M. F. Markle, L. Ristow. —PUGH.
Knitting Club—^Meeting at 7 :30 in Union office. —KUEHN.
Discussion Group—Meeting at 7:30 tonight in peasant room. Topic—“Morals of the World Today”. —KUEHN.
Camera Club—^Meeting in peasant room at 7:16. Everbody welcome. -SCHOLER.
Scrivener—Meeting tonight at 102 Andrew Place. Bring manuscripts. —BLOCKER.
Purdue Women’s Club—Annual business meeting Monday afternoon in the faculty lounge of Union. Election of officers. Reports of section leaders will be given. —ENDERS.
Young Men’s Democratic Club—Organization meeting will be held at 7:80 this evening in Union. , —^DEETS.
Sophomore Motors—^No inspection trip during school week beginning March 9. All classes meet in classroom at regularly scheduled hours. —HALLAM.
There’s nothing like Adonis Calfskin fof enduring wear and good looks. Note the handsome lines of this Freepian Shoe<i It’s a style that hits a hull’s* eye on comfort, appear* ance and economy^ ABC Shoe Co. 412 Main St.
Today Regional Conference of Ext^sion Workers, Eliza Fowler Hall. C. L. Harrod Employment Lecture, Eliza Fowler Hall, 4, Commercial Grain School, all day. Tau Beta Pi Dinner, Union reception room, 6:30. Ceres Open Meeting, Union, rooms 1 and 2, 7:30. Ag Regional Conference, all day. Tomorrow Gold Peppers Dance, Union ballroom, 9. Regional Conference of Extension Workers, Eliza Fowler Hall. “Behold This Dreamer”, Playshop, Duncan Memorial Hall, 8. Forestry Club Banquet, H. E
Cafeteria, Prpf. H. HI Chhpmaii. i Radio Cliih'MeetlDlr, t|Mhh j^ehsant room, 12 inbon. V . > Forestry Staiff Lunohebn, Union peasant room, 12 itooh. , A. A. U. W. Meeting, Study Group, Union peasattt toom, 7:30. Saturday Mixer, Union, Bill Jones’ Otches-
tra, 9.
“Behold This Dreamet”, Playshop, Duncan Memorial Hall, 8. Cosmopolitan Club, Phonograph Dance, Union faculty lounge, 8. Undergraduate Dames Party, Wottien’s Gym, 7. Ag Luncheon, Union peasant room, 12 noon.
Sunday
University Hand Concert, Jefferson high school g3fm, 2:30. Exponent Staff San^uet, Union faculty lounge, 6. Reith Wins Co-ed Tourney Frances Reith defeated Irene Boehm yesterday, 21-17 and 21-14, to win the co-ed ping-pong tourney. This is the first time that two freshmen have ever been in the fipals.
Ahios, 'kec^ji^es',JiE0ilhW&h^^^
To' Work
. ‘John M.' Ambs,'A''gl ’b:^,'‘hii3>:afiK cepted a ^enqfal fellowship in the Crop Protectibn Instittitfe tb .fill l;h!o
yhcahby!:‘/bMiaf^’dI',,by!''|t^^ ;i Attibs,., whb .'Wili,' ifekfe,, his’ woirk’; irhmediatplSl'*, '(^'otj^'iduct ll^-i yestightioh.bi nb# MsectlcmbS, Witlj' special, refetence to obntrol pi this
b^l^ihg: Initabna'i' ’ ’toaj^le^i\j‘'jni|3'!l^fedb^ 'ab'^' ;a( ,|',]^(byitibn'V','With;' "Genei’bl, Olieinlbjal ! ydth headqnarters. in :Ne'v^,'Y6rk'«Git3f.;‘'‘'
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F, Jos. Mulhaupt ^ SOn 209-11 North Fifth Street Phene 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
INTRODUCING
SS^®SI-jAMAS ‘^Comfort in the Modern Manner’’ TAiLOBEB BY WILSON iBOTHEilS With the Faultles s Nobelt Band
Here is the 1936 version of ^he “night life of the campus.” The elastic band gives with every move—^with every impulse (almost). Knit tops in stripes and plain colors. Pleated slacks of fine broadcloth.
$^f5 and up featured by The Baitimore Clothes Shop
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lame-Pyke-WerkhoflP Company Phone 3882
Cop$tlaht 1936, "Sht Amertcus Tobacco Cofflpsajr
A LIGHT SMOKE OF RICH, RIPE-BODIED TOBACCO
Leckies are less acid. For hundreds of years, tobaccos were selected—and gradations in flavor secured—by the roughest sort of rule of thumb methods. Hence, one of the most important innovations made by the Research Department Was provision for chemical analysis of selected tobacco samples before purchase:
the resulting reports offer the professional buyer an accurate guide and reinforce his expert Judgment based on the senses of sight, smell, and touch. Thus extreme variations toward acidity or alkalinity are precluded by such selection and subsequent blending. Luckies—A LIGHT SMOKE —of rich, ripe-bodied tobacco!
^ Luckies are less acid
' Excess of Acidlly of Other Popular Brands Over Lucky Strike Cigarettes
IlHIililliiliiSliSiiiiii littvb tin uxcpKs nni Qclbllty: ' Awar Imnlru aC I:........
1,... §.
2
.3 .
BALANCE ; *
1 LUCKY
STRIKE
—] :
1 BRAN
D
B
1 bran
D
C
«RESULTS VERIFIED BY INDEPENDENT CHEMICAL UU30RAT0RIES AND RESEARCH CROtlPS
- "IT'S TOASTED"
Your throat protection - against irritation -against cough