Summer Session
Exponent
Vv “'■*'il " ''^1
Vol. 3 No. 8
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, July 20,1930
Marquis Will Speak To Editors Monday
J. Clyde Marquis, Ag ’04, MSA ’09, and native Hoosier and American representative on the International Institute of Agriculture at Rome, Italy, will be the principal speaker at the annual banquet of the American Association of Agricultural College Editors on Monday evening, July 24.
Faculty Changes In Engineering Number Twelve
Twelve faculty changes in the schools of engineering for the coming year were announced yesterday. They are as follows:
Dr. J. F. Eckel, associate professor of chemical engineering, to replace Prof. D. E. Ackerman, who returns to industry. Eckel holds a bachelor’s degree from the University of Kansas, 1925, MS in 1928, and PhD from Carnegie Institute of Technology in 1932,
J. C. Lottes, ChE ’35, instructor in chemical engineering, to succeed R. K. Toner, resigned.
G. W. Stewart, who holds degrees from University of New Hampshire and Syracuse University, instructor in chemical engineering to relieve W, B. Sanders, who will devote his full time to applied mechanics.
R. J. Raudebaugh, holder of a degree from Carnegie Institute of Technology in 1932, instructor in chemical engineering to succeed D. J. Mack, resigned.
Paul A. Johnson, 1938 graduate of University of Michigan, instructor in testing materials in civil engineering, to succeed Jack Newsom, resigned.
C. G. Hylkema, from research assistant to assistant instructor in electrical engineering.
Allen S. Hall, Jr., University of Vermont and Columbia University, and Eugene S. Pietsch, University of Illinois and Kansas State graduate, instructors in machine design in mechanical engineering.
M. C. Wakefield, ME ’39, R. L. Dickinson, Ohio State ’37, J. W. Rieke, EE ’39, and J. R. Clark, EE ’39, are new graduate assistants in teaching or research.
V^oui^l-Be Robber Surprised, Captured Alive By Kappa Sigs
James Graham, of Lincoln, Neb., was caught last Thursday morning while burglarizing the Kappa Sigma fraternity house. Graham is being held in the local jail awaiting trial.
Donald Manlove . . .
. . . sci ’39, and Reba Hunt, former Pui-due student, were married at Dayton, Ohio, on July 1. Manlove was president of Alpha Kappa Lambda social fraternity, and a member of the Interfraternity Ball Committee and Scabbard and Blade.
The Manloves have an apartment here for summer school, and Don is enrolled in the University. In the fall he has a teaching position at Wallace, where he is high school athletic director.
T. R. Johnston, director of information, is in charge of arrangements for the convention of the editors, to be held'here July 24-26. On the program with Marquis will be President E. C. Elliott.
Three Years In Rome “Agriculture in the Present European Unrest” will be discussed by Marquis, who has spent the last three years in Rome representing this nation in the world’s agricultural councils. Prior to that time he was on the staff of and editor of the Country Gentleman, and later director of infoi-mation for the Bureau of Agi'icultural Economics, a post he left to go to Italy.' /
Agricultural college editors from throughout the country are expected here for the gathering when various phases of getting the story of better farming to the farmers and homemakers will be discussed. On the evening of the 25th, the entire group will- meet for a chicken dinner at Hazelden, the estate of George Ade at Brook, and Ade has promised to speak briefly to the group. Other Speakers Among other speakers from outside the editors’ own ranks will be Tom Wheeler, editor, Indiana Farmers’ Guide, Huntington; Harry J. Reed, new dean and director of the agricultural work at Purdue; Reuben Brigham, assistant director of agricultural extension for the Department of Agriculture at Washington, D. C.; W. C. Swartley, radio station manager at Fort Wayne, and E. C. Gorrell, Winamac, publisher of the Democrat, and widely known after dinner speakei*.
Students Pull Vocal Cords At
University Sing
Just before entering the Kappa Sig house Graham had robbed the Delta Upsilon fraternity, taking a suit, a bunch of keys, and a dollar in cash. Mrs. L. A. Campbell, living in the Kappa Sigma house, was aroused by the barking of the fraternity dog as Graham entered the house. She followed Graham down the hall, and rang bmise burglar alarm. Thirty boys came from the dorm, catching Graham in the card room.
Hicnton To Teach At Tennessee Short Course
Kappa Sigs and DUs paddeled Graham before turning him over to the West Lafayette police.
convo Exponent Opens All-Star
Voting Booth Today At 1
E. E. Moore, general superin-
tendent at the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation, Gary, will speak at 10 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall next Thursday for an allUniversity convocation. Classes
will be closed at this hour.
260 Prom Tickets Sold
New Nominations In For Kins And Queen
Band Leader
Will Be Located On Main Street; Seven Boilermakers Are Eligible
Over 260 tickets for the summer session Prom have been purchased out of the 500 which are for sale. Jack Teagarden, his trombone, and his orchestra featuring Charlie Spivak will appear on the Union ballroom bandstand on Friday, June 28, for the affair. No tickets will be sold after noon on Wednesday, July 26. They can be obtained at two dollars each at the west Union desk, and sale is not confined to summer school students.
Voting stubs for King and Queen must be turned in at the Exponent box at the West Union desk by noon on Wednesday, July 26. Additional nominations for King are Don Spring, Lou Brock, August Morningstar, and Tom Gardner. Additional nominations for Queen are Joyce Davison and Virginia Royce. Already nominated for Prom Queen are; Dorothy Andrew, Bernadette Dygert, Marj Baumgart, Margaret Fantone, Jean Fickle, Ellen Kepner, Bonny Ketcham, Mary McClelland, Margaret MacBi’ide, Helen Ritchey, Ann Sickman, Vadah Walker, and Betty Wickard. A. Pemberton Johnson had been nominated for King.
Exponent will have a booth on Main Street, Lafayette, in front of Geisler’s Clothing Store at Fifth and Main Streets, starting at 1 o’clock today and continuing until Saturday at 8 p. m. for an intensive last-minute drive so that late voters can register their ballots for the Boilermakers who are eligible to play in the All-Star game at Soldiers’ Field in Chicago August 30.
All the voter has to do is sign the blanks which the Exponent provides. Of the seven Purdue players eligible, two have been consistently at or close to first place in their positions. Joe Mihal’s biggest rivals for the starting tackle post are Haak, of Indiana, and Beinor, of Notre Dame (all are Hoosier players). Other tackles who have maintained places near the lead are Wolff, Santa Clara; Schoenbaum, Ohio State, and Holtzer, St.* Ambrose.
The Lafayette Junior Chamber of Commerce will sponsor a drive to make Mai Elward head coach of the All-Stars in a poll which begins Saturday. See story on page 3.
Jack Teagarden
4.56 Inch Rainfall Sets New Record
Ippolito, who started out with a long lead, has dropped back slightly in the fullback poll. Howie Weiss, Badger fullback, has a wide margin over the others. Osmanski, Holy Cross; and Anderson, California, are also leading candidates. .
Prof. Ben Petty . . .
Sounds of music and singing from Eliza Fowler Hall spread over the campus last night, as several hundred students and townspeople gathered for the University Sing. The sing was originally scheduled for the Stadium, but cool weather and a cloudy sky caused the change.
... of the civil engineering school who has been off duty most of the time for the last several weeks as the result of a ruptured blood vessel in his leg, is much improved and has returned to his duties part time. He has been prevented, however, from assuming his regular duties in highway extension work which he usually conducts during the summer', traveling over the state to discuss highway improvement with local road officials.
The 4.56 inches of rain that fell from 7 o’clock Monday night to 7 o’clock Tuesday morning in Tippecanoe and adjoining counties was the largest on record at the University in a 12 hour period. The previous record of 4.06 inches was established on August 14, 1926.
A heavy vote late in the contest would secure Paul Humphrey a place on the squad. Other Boilermakers in the running are George Spehn, end; Bill Vergane, tackle; Tony Juska, fullback; and Jim Maloney, guard.
Concert Planned
Monday forenoon the rain totaled .29 of an inch, making the total for the period from 7 a. m. Monday morning until 7 a. m. Tuesday just 4.85 inches.
For Wednesday
The Wabash rose 2.5 feet as a result of the rain, but did not reach expected flood stage. Reports showed the rain was general over this section of the state.
A. P. Stewart, choral director, lead the general song-fest of about a dozen old favorites. A unique arrangement of the “Donkey Serenade” by the summer session chorus was highly applauded, and the chorus also sang “My Hero,” from the “Chocolate Soldier,” and “Softly As In The Morning Sunrise,” by Romberg.
Bird Skios, MeteorS/ Sea Shells Help To Fill Biology Museum
The program was opened with a group of numbers by the West Lafayette summer band, and solos were also given by band members.
About 3,300 unmounted study skins, from birds which once fiew in skies from Indiana to India, are the most recent addition to the Biology Museum in Stanley Coulter Hall at Purdue University. The collection was made by the late Amos W. Butler, prominent Indiana ornithologist, and includes a number of Jndiana “first records.”
JTrueman E. Hienton, of the Experiment Station agricultural engineering staff, will serve as principal instructor at a rural electrification short course July 21 to August 10, at the University of Tennessee.
Hienton will be on the program to discuss electric brooders, portable motors, feed grinding, electric water systems, electric hotbeds, and dairy refrigeration and will present the reiiults of imporliant expei’imental work conducted by Purdue men under his direction anti in cooperation with many farmers of the state. The short course is being offered there because of the widespread growth of rural electi'ical development as a result of the TVA program.
Most of'-the skins bear dates between 1875 and 1892, which seems to be the period during which Mr. Butler was most active in assembling his collection. First Indiana records, and second United States record for this species, is a Madeira Petrel, taken near Martinsville, on June 15, 1902. The bird was given to Alden H. Hadley by a man who found it dead in a wheelbarrow halffull of water after a severe thunderstorm the night before.
Passenger Pigeon Is Here
The now extinct passenger pigeon is represented by a male in full ])lumage, taken at Brookville on March 14,1884. The last wild specimens of this bird were taken 30 years ago. At one time passenger pigeons flew by countless flocks, sometimes requiring a whole day to pass a given point; the reason for
their disappearance still remains a matter of conjecture. Hummingbirds, delicately coloi'ed in greens and purples, from spar-row-size to the size of a bumblebee, are represnted by 220 skins from 84 species. Most of the hummingbirds are from Bogata, Colombia, although a few are from Guatemala and a very few from the United States. One of these birds has a four inch bill, just about as long as its body. Colors Are Bright One of the most beautiful birds is the Quetzel, national bird of Guatemala, which exhibits a colorful green-blue tail about two and a half feet long. Another strikingnote is given by brightly hued parrots, some from New South Wales, India. The study skins are contained in moth-proof cabinets along one wall of the museum. Other glass-enclos-ed cases contain many more interesting exhibits. A meteorite is on display which has been in the museum for many years, its history is a mystery. Next to the meteor case is a group of bones and teeth from prehistoric animals, including a mastodon tooth which looks like a ham.
Final Plays Scheduled For Aug. 2
Last of the summer session plays will be presented Wednesday, August 2, in the Stadium featuring three student directed productions, “Tiger’s Claw,” “Wonder Hat,” and “He Ain’t Done Right By Nell.” The first is a mystery, the second a phantasy, and the last play is a supei’-melodrama of the ever-popular type.
According to Chuck Hart, director of “Tiger’s Claw,” the cast for that play is as follows; Miss Thoi-pe, Helen Bone; Mrs. Riorden, Helen Steffee; Malvina, Virginia Fox; Cora, Allison Lilly; Hatty Randel, Katherine Mooney; Herby, Jim Koehler; Joe, Jack Watson; and Willie, Grey Erick.
“Wonder Hat” Cast “Wonder Hat” includes in its cast; Dick Pittengei-, Harold Martin, Seymour Udell, Virginia Freed, and Alice Martens. This play is under the direction of Bill Carr.
Stadium night at 8 o’clock Wednesday will feature a concert by the West Lafayette summer band under the direction of Marshall Howenstien. The program is tentative as yet, but’ will consist of solo numbers as well as several favorite numbers by the combined band.
Grey Erick as the hero and Charley Stearns as the villain will battle over “Little Nell” Kepner,^ the flower of the hills, in the fiiml playi^directed by Bill Martin^^^e supporting cast includes; Hank Miller as Burkett Carleton, Sue Enders as Granny, Polly Prentice as Laury, and Virginia Sidwell as Vera.
In case of rain the plays will be staged in Fowler Hall.
Potter Named
Society Trustee
Shells Fill Many Cases Hundreds of beautiful sea-shells, ranging in size from a half-inch to a foot in diameter, fill many cases. The museum visitor could perhaps hear the roar of each of the seven seas if he put them to his eai*. Cases of old stone implements and Indian arrowheads line the -wall. Pi’ehistoric man’s principal tool was the stone hammer, and these objects are found all over the world. The precise purpose of cupshaped mai-kings on one or both faces has never been satisfactorily determined.
Dean A. A. Potter of the schools of engineering has been notified of his appointment for four years as a trustee of the Engineei'ing Foundation, an organization repi’esenting the principal _ engineering societies of America. The purpose of the Foundation is for “the furtherance of research in science and engineering, and the advancement in any other manner of the profession of engineering and the good of mankind.”
Dean Potter is a former president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and also ■formerly was president of the American Engineering Council.
Blowgun Is Included Included in the museum is a case of implements of the Indian tribes in New Guinea, loaned by Dean Howard E. Enders. Death-dealing poisoned darts may once have whistled through the six-foot long blowgun on display, which is accurate to 150 feet in native hands. Seals, an alligator, fossils, birds’ nests, mounted birds, representative mammals, preserved vertibrates, and many other exhibits round out the museum in the basement of Stanley Coulter Hall, where Purdue students may spend an interestinghour some summer session afternoon.
The Engineering Foundation has cooperated by providing financial support for the research w-ork at Purdue in the field of high pressure steam. The project, which has been underway for five yeai-s, was completed recently, and the work was done largely by Dr. George A. Hawkins in cooperation with Prof. H. L. Solberg and Dean Potter.
Law^efice Archibald . . .
. . . has been added to the list of winners in the billiards tournament in the Union Building. O^her winners remain the same.' rS‘».«w-VJ*» rw*.< . . ^ ^
2
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thiit^sday) July 20^ 19^9
Fort Knox Boys Clean Up In Camp Athletics
By K. C. Houston (Exponent Correspondent) FORT KNOX, Ky., July 17— The Purdue lads at the ROTC, camp here at Fort Knox are Starting to clean up in the canip athletics. We are down to the finals or semi-finals in the boxing after several preliminary bouts in the various divisions. In the featherweight class G. W. Smith is boxing in the semi-finals Tuesday night, and if victorious he will meet J. A. Harris, another Purdue boy who is already in the finals. Carl Moller, ME ’40, is fighting in the finals of the welterweight division Tuesday. Purdue boys have a monopoly in. the heavjnveight class. Dick Oblinger, Dick Potter, Sam Ramsey er, and Bob Bonnett will all be fighting in the semi-finals in the matches tomorrow night. Two Middleweights • In the semi-finals of the middleweight division are ForresW Prater and Bob Conklin. However, they are not matched against each other. Prater is still sporting a beautiful shiner received in his first preliminary bout, and amplified in his second match, Benny Bums is the only Bofier-
Season Tickets
maker remaining in the wrestling tournament. He will compete in the semi-finals of the lightweight division following the boxing tournament Tuesday. On Monday Battery B, one of the Purdue batteries, tied for second place in the swimming meet for the ROTC camp. Those placing in the meet on Battery B’s team were: Benny Burns, second in the 100 yard back stroke; Lon Freyman, second in the 100 yard breast stroke; Tom Harris, first in the 100 yard free style; and a 400 yard free style relay team composed of Benny Burns,: Clinton Ancker, Tom Harris, and Ralph Colby, ivhich won second place. Alton Bale, swimming on Battery A’s team, won third place in the 200 yard free style. In softball. Battery A’s team lost a game 11 to 8 to Company C,' ah engineering unit of students mostly from Ohio State. On Tuesday Battery A plays Battery B in softball and judging from past years this game between the two Pursue batteries should be very spirited. John Dailey and Bill Berg have reached the finals in the camp tennis doubles tournament. Jim Hebbeler and George Frye have a good chance to reach the finals in the other bracket.
Prove Popular Third Games On Green
More than SfiO mail orders poured into the ticket office during the first week of sales of the $11.60 season tickets,. indicating that the;^ limit of 1000 will probably be reached before the August 15 deadline. With the arrangements providing for a $6.00 down payment and the remaining $5.60 being paid before December 1, if the purchaser so desires, the tickets have become more popular this year. Approximately 40 per cent of the orders received to date have been on the deferred payment plan.
Scheduled For Tonight Games On the Green will be held for the^ third time this summer starting at 6 o’clock this evening and continuing until dai’k. Unless weather . necessitates holding the games in the Fieldhouse, they will, as usual, take place on the Ross-Ade Recreation Field north of the Fieldhouse. Badminton, archery, deck tennis, ping pong, croequet and kickit equipment and playing areas will be* available. The games will be held once more this summer, two weeks from today. After the games there will be mixed swimming in the Fieldhouse pool.
Home economists warn you against purchasing a refrigerator too small for your needs. Small models are made for small families—not to fit small pocketbooks. Modem refrigeration saves you money on food bargains bought in quantities and kept safely. It saves you trips to the store. A roomy refrigerator is a joy to work with. An overloaded one is a nuisance and costs more to operate. Buy a model plenty big enough not only for today but for the future needs of a growing family. Q/OU CG4t A BIG, CONVENIENT AIR-CONDITIONED
LAFAYETTE ICE Xr COAL CO. Fourth & Salem Sts. Phone 5078
TODAY - FRI. - SAT, DOUBLE FEATURE
With JOHN HOWARD GAIL PATRICK — Plus — ITCOOLO WPIMTIlYiy
STUARt IRWIN, • GLORIA STUARt
STARTS SUNDAY I HOW YOUR OWN HEART rWILL SING
51,. CedrijjJ* on« JfSrS
JUST IMAGINE— John Petty, promising footballer, is also a barber deluxe—proof of his ability may be had by looking at the EGG-SHAPED ^affair that Joe White is carrying around on his shoulders. The story is that eight other Sig Eps assisted the operation. B&B Marge Baldwin: “If you loved a rich man and a poor man, what would you do?” Betty Wickard: “I’d marry the rich, and be ^ood to the poor.”— . Stolen. B&B With PROM talk starting to buzz we are taking this opportunity to make a FEW MINOR suggestions as to how a Summer Prom should be held. Location: Chicago Stadium. Orchestras: Glen Gray, Fred Waring, Paul Whiteman, Kay Kyser, Hal Kemp and Orrin Tucker.
Favors: Men-—a fully equipped wallet; Women—a list of ways to spend the same. Chaperones: The THREE BLIND MEN. Bouncers: Joe Louis, Jack Demp-‘ sey and Jim Jefferies. Tickets: 98 cents, payment pending. Dates: Dorothy Lamour and her fellow actresses. B&B Well friends, we don’t have to write home and say we received a yellow slip in summer school—the defficiency notices are oU WHITE paper. Did you get one too? B&B Tony Juska is certainly the man about town these days. Yester-
day he took it upon himself to entertain five lassies in the Sweet Shop (think of a four letter word that sWims and you have Tony.) B&B ANNOUNCEMENT: Ellen Kepner will soon be in the market for a pin, men. Don’t ask why, the reason is obvious—she has seen
quite a bit of Georgia Baker lately and Baker’s story is that they always take Somebody else’s pin. B&B We are still anxious to send you happily to the movies with your best girl. There is a DOUBLE MARS PASS waiting for you for a mere scrap of dirt, dear readers.
y
NEW MAIN
TODAY - FRI.|- SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE The Heart to Heart Story of One Woman’s Family — Trying to be both Father and Mother to this Gang of Rascals!
PLUS — Hounded by His Past! Must He^ Pay for One Mistake the Rest of His Life? Convicts’ Code With ROBERT KENT ANNE NAGEL ’ ' . . ''' Also — MICKEY MOUSE CARTOON
Cool Washed Air ARC
TODAY THRU SAT, HW ‘ Year’s
And —
— Also — “Hawk of the Wilderness” Serial
SUNDAY - MONDAY
NOW!) Daring, Bold Drama! 4 GIRLS IN WHITE wn.
m
1 ,, Florence RICE • Una MERKEL ', ] I Alan MARSHAL £^,1^ — And — RUMS In Technicolpr. With a cost of 3,000. Released United iMilUj Also Short Subjects
Healthfully Cooled LUNA TODAY - FRI. - SAT. Two First Run Hits
CHAIIUE CHAN IN RENO ^^(1 SIDNEY TOLER I _A «>* C«ntutv-rox Pltlur* — And —
SUNDAY - MONDAY
— Plus —■ ;PINE-CHIILING DRAMA!
AIR CONDITIONED COOL NEW MAIN STARTS SUNDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
OLIVIA DeHAVILLAND ANN SHERIDAN
MIDNIGHT PREVUE Saturday 11:30 A Television Newscast of the Future SOS Tidal Wave With RALPH BYRD KAY SUTTON
As a
SUMMER RAIN
You can actually see the life returned to yoUr garments . . . you can smell the freshness that’s brought out again and never a trace of grease or dirt to mar their brilliance! Send your clothes to West Side for a cleaning job that’s miles ahead.
Phone 4081
Northwestern at Vine
Want To Save Money!
LOEB & H E NE COMPANV 53rd Semh^nnual Clean Sweep SALE Brings You Many Bargains in Spring and Summer Accessories
Fabrics — Home and House - <i . ■ Furnishings — Sports Clothes, etc. Begins Saturday, July 22 Ends Monday, July 31 Read Opening Announcement in Friday’s Journal-Courier
'4
fHEUO AGAIN! going to town in th. fop fun show X j <. Bt Mem you!
BEfNY LUMOUR
SIRONOER i^PESIRE Virginia BBUHE Walter PIDGEONThursday, July 20, 1939
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
iim;S
Junior C. Of C. Sponsors Poll For All-Star Coaches
Summer Nine
Two Tens Still
Trips Camp, 6-1 Undefeated
Elward As Head CoacA, Layden Aide In "Boost Hoosier Football" Mai Elward, Boilermaker football coach, is at the head of the All-Star coach ballots prepared by the Lafayette Junior Chamber of Commerce for the junior chambers of commerce over the state, with Elmer Layden, Notre Dame grid mentor, second on the ballot and a blank space for the
choice of the voter in third place. Saturday morning the Lafayette
Junior Chamber of Commerce will have a balloting place in front of Rosenthal’s on Main Street, with the slogan “Boost Hoosier Football.” Mai For Head Coach With Mai Elward listed on the ballots which will be sponsored by 28 junior chambers of commerce over the state, Purdue students, friends and alumni intend to back the Boilermaker leader to coach the AU-Star football team which will meet the professional champions at Soldiers’ Field, Chicago, August 30. If Elward receives the highest number of votes for eligible Big Ten coaches, he will become the Big Ten coach on the All-Star staff, and if his votes total more than those for any other coach he will be the All-Star head coach. A “Natural” If Elmer Layden, Irish boss, is elected as Elward’s assistant or as head coach of the collegians, it would be to the greatest satisfaction of Hoosier .gridiron followers, as it would add a pre-game climax to the Purdue-Notre Dame clash at South Bend September 30 in the season opener. Third place vote, which is left open by the ballpts, will undoubted-
ly go to Pete Vaughn, Wabash College coach, in this part of the state, but voters in all cities will be able to cast their ballots for Any-
one they wish. Eight Districts
There will be eight districts in Lafayette and West Lafayette, open from Saturday morning to Saturday, August 3. Ballot books will be at the following places: Goodnight Pharmacy, Schaaf and Son’s, Purdue Union Building, University Drug Store, Loeb and Hone’s, Kienley’s Drug Store, Lafayette Theatre, and Decker’s. Tennis Entrants Drop To 16 After 1st Round Eight matches are scheduled for the second round of the men’s singles tennis tournament, a few of which have been played: The sixteen remaining players after the first round are listed in the.
schedule below.
According to Gene Britt, who is in charge of the tournament, all second round matches must be played and the winners’ names recorded on the list in the Fieldhouse by 9 p. m. Tuesday, July 25.
The second round schedule: Smithson (2390) vs. McCurdy (8421). Forbes (3301) vs. Logan (3063). Walters (7242) vs. Carlson (36893). Karnisky (71834) vs. LaLiberte (4031). Rosenberg (2476) vs. Erick (8421). Thompson (66812) vs. Waddington (6294). McGrath (3063) vs, Moses '(7724). Harris (8407) vs. Schroeder (5021).
Harry Erzewinski hurled the summer session varsity baseball team to its second straight win over the Ross Campers on Intramural Field yesterday, while his teammates helped him along with six runs to clinch the tilt 6-1. Sink, a pinch hitter, doubled to send Sapp and Tate in with the first runs of the game. Bryant connected for a double and came on in on an error for the only Ross Camp tally. Morris, who had pitched the early part of the game for the campers, went out in the sixth. In the seventh the summer team pounded his successor for four more runs. Krzewinski doubled to knock in two men, Jelnick’s sacrifice fly sent Rosenberg home, and Sapp doubled to score Krzewinski.
Two teams, the Faculty.and the PE School, remain undefeated in the softball league up to this time. Both of the teams, however, have games to play today. Each of the leaders has won four games and lost none. They were scheduled to meet once earlier in the summer, but were forced to postpone the game. Tied for third place are Theta Chi and Beta Theta Pi, one and a half games behind the leaders with three won and two lost. The two games today at 4 o’clock on intramural fiield are: PE School vs. Tau Eps. Faculty vs. Beta Theta Pi.
:.. Just 14 Seconds and recall tlie many features of the Union which you can enjoy at J\/a Cadi % GAME ROOM • PUTTERING ROOM • MUSIC ROOM • BROWSING ROOM • LOUNGES • TELEPHONES Are You Taking Advantage of These Conveniences Daily?
Corner of the Campus # yet the Center of Campus Activities
HIEHlOlilflL
044,
4^0^ P'uun Special Sale Reg. $16.95 Reg. $19.95 rORMALS
The Fashion
Lafayette
111 N. Fourth
NEW Victor Records Now On Sale
• 26300 Time On My Hands—F.T. Let’s Do It—F.T. (Let’s Fall In Love) Hal Kemp and his Orchestra • 26301 Lover—^Waltz Ladopa Del Olvido—Tango Hal Kemp and his Orchestra • 26302 Quimbamba—Rumba La Comparsa De Camajuani— Conga Hal Kemp and his Orchestra Album P-6—Price $2.75 • 26303 I’ll Remember—F.T. (From the Republic film “She Married, a Cop”) Wanna Hat With Cherries Larry Clinton and his orchestra • 26304—Swing Classic Memories of Yoii—F.T. (From Lefv Leslie’s “Blackbirds of 1930”) The Jumpin’ Jive—F.T. (Jim Jam Jump) Lionel Hampton and orchestra • 26305v Drifting Down the River of Dreams—F.T. Love Is Such a Cheat—F.T. Swing and Sway with Sammy Kaye The World’s Greatest Artists Are On Victor Records
the
Foster Shop East Side Square Phone 4900
DECKER’S.
FROM
Filing Cases
TO
sporting Goods
Decker’s can supply you with nationally advertised products. Golf — Tennis — Ledgers — Desks — Office Supplies — Model Airplanes — Desk Sets — Books — Gifts — All carefully selected for you by Lafayette’s modern and distinctive /
518 Main
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
p
i
■h E R
A
n D E R S
0
N C 0
M
P
A
N Y
RESSURE CREASING
PERT
SERVICE
IRES
LIMINATE
NOISES
ADIO
SERVICE
LIGNMENT
ATIONAL products
IFFERiNTIAL
SERVICE
FFICIINT
MECHANICS
ADIATOR REPAIRING
PEEDOMETER
ADJUpED
IL CHANGE
EW CAR
PERFORMANCE
HASSIS
STRAIGHT
ENINC
VERALL
CHECKING
OTOR
TUNE-UP
RICE RIGHT
LL NIGHT SERVICE
EAT WORK
OUR FRIEND
“DOC”
After You We Come First Fifth & Alabama- V i i I ^ i ' A
4
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thursday, July 20, 19S9 ^
Bell Disappears, But Civils Enjoy Picnic At Ross Camp
Bob Hcttema (Exponent Correspondent) ROSS CAIilP, July 18—At lonp last comes word from the Civils. The second half of camp is well under way with the location chew changing over to topograph^ and vice versa. Since the 4th the topographers have been trying to locate their position on the Eaj^th. I’m afraid that some of us ai‘e playing hookey, for the results ranged from Hudson Bay down to the Amazon. The location group were endeavoring to find all the dirt that they lost here and there. Midcamp finals came on Friday—just as a reminder to those of you in summer school. The Bell Disappears Mysterious capers were rampant lately. For the umpteenth annual time G. P. (Jeep) Springer’s signal bell (the durn thing that rings at 6:30 a. m.) was absent for four days. When the bell finally was returned the title “ ‘Simon Degree’ Springer Summer 1939” was found neatly engraved on the rim. The next day an effigy of Simon was found hanging by the neck. At the bottom were two signs “Simon Legi’ee is Dead” and “Bell Snatchers berwear .... Well ? ? ? The Boys Eat All the people that stayed in camp this week-end enjoyed the annual picnic of the Indiana branch of the American Society of Civil Engineers. FOOD. Everyone ate as if they were at a family reunion. On top of that “Suds” Lux, Biandt, and Myers showed their Dean Stratton Returns Home, ConHition Good Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton ^leturned yesterday to her home fiom the Home Hospital where she undeiwent a tonsilectomy last Monday. According to an announcement made yesterday her condition is veiy good. During the past month. Dean Stratton directed the Housemother’s Training School which adjourned last Fiiday. The school was the fiist of its kind ever sponsored at a university.
endurance by literally nosing out their competitors in the pie and watermellon eating contests. The boys were wondering where Mi’s. Freel developed her winning ability in the tolling pm throwing contest. Ball Players Going Strong At this stage of the game the only thing that keeps recreation from running hog wild is the work that has to be done. The baseball team is practicing every night, the pool and ping pong tournaments are under way, and the soft ball games are getting hotter each day. “220” Kjellberg got so excited the other day that his bat slipped out of his hands and knocked “W P A” Demerly quite cold. Prof. Lommell of the Larrupin Lulus (4th place) leads the league -with his .7500 batting average. Your reporter is still proud to say that Neligh’s Nibbling Nippers are still in first place. Tomorrow is another day of hill climbing, cussing, and stake driving so this little epistle is hereby over. Mixed Swimming Time In Gym Lengthened Recreational mixed swimming time m the Memorial Gymnasium has been lengthened one hour per day on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Beginning this week, and continuing until the end of the summer session, swimming starts at 3 and continues until 5:30, instead of 4 to 5:30. The regular price of 10 cents will be charged to cover the cost of renting suits and towels. Swimming will be under the dnection of Miss Marjoiie Case, member of the w'omen’s physical education staff. A last call has been Issued for anyone who would like to play m the mixed doubles tennis tournament beginning next week. Anyone wishing to enter the tourney, not having a partner, may do so as partners will be assigned by the committee to those who enter without one. Those who wish to play in the tourney must sign their names in the Memorial Gymnasium lobby by Monday evening.
Whatever Your Floral Needs CLfli’S mvt Tit flltST SatGTIOO Of flOUEIS fOfi ILL OGCflSlOfiS
Phone 5423
oinpaiuj
522 Main St.
Hats Off To The
u
WHITE SHIRTS
ft
Give Europe its “Black Shirts” and “Brown Shirts” — we’ll give you the “White Shirts” — spic and span every week from a laundry service as up-to-date as tomorrow’s newspapers, yet it costs no more. Once you’ve tried our dependable, convenient, economical service, you’ll have no other.
Crown Lanneirv
Phone 4073
Fielders’ Choice by Rob’t J. Deckard Prodigous Harry “Moose” Kiause, big Felix Mackiewicz, and middle-size Bob Bailey, the former and erstwhile Boilermaker catcher and the latter two thirdbaseman and hurler, respectively, at this monumental institution of slip-stickers and cow-herders, contributed more than their share to help the Lafayette Red Sox lick the Indianapolis Gold Medals five to four in an Indiana-Ohio league game Sunday afternoon at the Columbian Park diamond. —fc—■ Bailey, a right-handed hurler, experienced a bad first inning, allowing three runs to the GMs, who also in the seventh managed to score a fourth run, and the Sox pushed a run across in the fourth. —fc—■ Then Krause in the ninth reached first on an error, and Bill Chase, local fielder, singled him to left . . . Two batters went out on a fly and a strike out, and then Mack came to bat . . . He fouled the first pitch and on the next one took a vicious swing, the ball sailing over the left-field fence for a homeric blast which sent the pair on bases home to tie up the ball game ... It was one of the longest home runs ever registered in the histoiy of Lafayette baseball . . . The Sox went on in the tenth to win the game by a score of five to four. —^fc— University director of athletics. Noble E. Kizer, and alumni secretary, Eth Baugh, dropped in a few minutes ago and said that the Lafayette Junior Chamber of Commerce was making plans to sponsor a booth for Mai Elward, who is up for election as one of the coaches of the All - Star squad which plays the New York Giants, football champions of the professional National League, in Chicago August 30 . . . With the Exponent backing up Mai simultaneously
Tomato Growers Finish School “Good plants for field setting and alert fieldmen are the foundations upon which the growing Hoosier tomato industry is developing,” F. C. Gaylord, assistant chief of the Purdue horticulture department, told approximately 50 tomato fieldmen and fertilizer salesmen, who were here Tuesday and Wednesday for their annual two-day school. Gaylord urged the fieldmen to “keep up’^ with the growing amount of scientific information being developed by the Agricultural Experiment Station in cooperation with the U. S. Department of Agriculture. He pointed out the value of fieldmen largely depends upon the quality and amount of service they are able to render their growers. V. A. Wright, Purdue botanist, who has been working with more than 200 odd tomato types, reported he had found several wild types to be highly resistant to leaf spot, one of the important tomato diseases. However, he has not as yet been able to obtain a cross of these wild types with any of the commercial varieties. COURTING NOTE: Pennsylvania State College’s Dr. Robert G. Bernreuter has issued a statement urging coeds to give more attention to the student grinds and avoid the good time Charlies. He says the latter will be working for the former ten years from now, and, therefore, the grinds will be the best providers. Moral: Hit the books, boys, for some of the fair ones are going to take the doctor’s advice! with the C of C poll, he should have a darn good chance to be the head coach . . . The real thing, however, is left up to you Boilermaker backers, who will have to do the voting. —fc— The player poll closes Friday at midnight, and the coaches poll begins at the same time, continuing ’till midnight two weeks later ... So come on, and let’s give Mai your entire support!
COAL SPECIALS
New River “Kaymoor” Pocahontas Lump or Egg $8.35 (treated) 3V Ash 15,000 BTU’s
W. Va. “Red Parrot” Splint Lump $7.25 East Ky. Lump $7.25 4-5% Ash 14,000 BTU’s
North Star Coal Co, July Delivery — Satisfaction Guaranteed 308 Brown St. Phone 2405
\w The Comiiii
Summer Prom
You’ll Want To Be Correct
New styles in informal or formal white coats and all accessories are here for you. Or perhaps you may prefer a white suit. Whatever it is, you will be correct it it’s from —
SeUMAlM
ClWHES INC-
Junior Chemicals' Nine Faces Faculty Monday Junior chemical' students and faculty members of the chemical engineering department will play a baseball game Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock on Intramural Figid. The game, begun for the first time this year, is planned to be continued annually hereafter. Faculty members who will play in the game Monday include: Wirick, Buiiisfield, Carter, Ottenweiler, Wiegant, and Melborn. The student team, captained by J. L. Kirsch, includes: Catterall, Fishburn, Baldock, Shea, Pattrick, Chalie, Coe, Metz, Puente, and Brice. Prof. C. L. Lovell, member of the chemical engineering faculty, will umpire the game. Junior chemicals will practice for this interdepartment rivalry today at 6:30 on Russell field. Junior chemicals triumphed last Monday night when they beat the chemical faculty by 15 pins in a bowling tournament in the Student Union.
“There is nothing sacrosanct about methods and organizatioins; these are but devices good only so long as they are useful. We need the insight to re-value them, and the courage to discard and add and modify, in the light of our immense public responsibility and the needs of our day. The spirit of education, as are all things of the spirit, is immortal, but the tongues in which it speaks to men must change with the changing years.” University of California’s Pres. Robert Gordon Sproul urges a searching analysis of educational methods.
WBAA Schedule
—Today— 11 00—Morning Melodies. 11 30—-Arsene Summers—contralto. 11 BO —Purdue News Plashes. 12 00—^Maigaret Canine—soprano 12:15—“Meet Your Voice.” 12.30—‘Luncheon Dance Time. 12:4B—Market Reports. 1:00—Eugene Finegan—violinist 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1 30—Melody Time. 1.45—Edward Foley—pianist. 2 '00—^Your World of Business 2:15-‘-Mr8. Vera Vickers—violinist. 2 30—Little Red School House of the Air. 2:45—Story Book Hour. —Friday— 11:00—Morning Melodies. 11 50—Purdue News Flashes. 12 00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Sports Review—Dick Shively 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. 1 '00—George Knox—popular songs. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Melody Time. 1:45—Mary Louise Switzer—^pianist. 2:00—Symphony Hall. 3:00—American Family Robinson. 3:30—^Highlighting the News—Purdue Exponent of the Air. 3:4B—Story Book Hour—Old Woman in the Shoe. —Saturday— 11:00—Just Kids 11:16—Carolyn Wood—soprano. 11:30—Saturday Musical Review. 12 "00—Market Reports. 12 15—The Woman Shopper. 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 45—Charles Powell—Tune Time. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1 30—Monitor Views the News. 1 45—Hoosier Corn Huskers. 2 .00—Stamp Club. 2.30—Words and Music. 3 00—Paul Funk—-pianist. 3 30—“Know Your Neighbor” —street program. Millard H. (overbearing) Overton is really showing results with that straw hat—apply at the West desk of the Union when you can afford a hat, boys. B&B Jim Koehler is nibbling at the end of a hook—and we guessed he would be a little harder to land than the others that bit on that line. <
H. G. “Deac” REISNER College Book Store “Everything for a college education”
Time Pays
Tiriie is import-aint to the college student — Save as much as you can by riding in a Yellow
“The Thinking Fellow Calls a Yellow”
YELLOW CAB CO.
Phones - 5023
3071
2