«
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students oi Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY March 10/ 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 131
Indianapolis Orchestra Reappears Here Tonight
WSGA loiiiiiates Candidates
Sevitzky To Conduct At Gymnasium Convo “Personally, I think it has made great strides. I have heard it several times and feel that it compares quite favorably with many other symphonic groups” was the opinion stated last night by Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocation committee, concerning the Indianapolis Symphonic Orchestra, which will appear here tonight for the second time this year. Fabien Sevitsky will again conduct the orchestra during its performance in the Memorial Gym, beginning at 8 p. m. The Kalinnikow Symphony in G Minor, first introduced in Indianapolis two months ago, and received quite favorably by critics there, will be the feature of this convo. During the intermission between parts of the musical program, J. K. Lilly, member of the Symphonic Society, will present the cause of the society to the audience and explain its present status and aims. The orchestra, which has played twice before at Indiana University and will play there again on March 22, drew a crowd of 3,500 at a previous convo here in January. Students only, upon presentation of passports will be admitted to this convo, as there will be no seats available to townspeople. Del Coon To Swing For Saturday's Mixer Del Coon and his Sympho-Swing orchestra will play for the Union mixer this Saturday. Del has developed a unique method of broadcasting dance programs involving the use of a tiny microphone which is set on the instrument itself. The music is relayed to a control room, where its volume is regulated. Besides furnishing the music for the regular mixer, Del Coon and his orchestra will give a “swing" concert in the Union ballroom Saturday evening from 6:45 until 7:45. Student Union officials said last night that the concert was being given earlier than usual because they wanted the concert to be completed early enough to give students and townspeople enough time to get to Fowler Hall for the curtain raising of the all-campus production of “Of Thee I Sing. Prof. Watson Will Speak On Fieldhouse Acoustics Prof. F. R. Watson, of the University of Illinois physics department, will speak here this afternoon at 4 p. m. in room 202 of the Physics Building. His subject will be “Reverberation in Auditoriums.” Prof. Watson has been studying the acoustics of the Purdue Fieldhouse and will bring out some of the results of this investigation in his talk. The meeting is open to the public. Purdue Riding Club Plans Spring Eguestrian Show Plans for a spring riding show were discussed at a meeting of the Purdue Riding Club held recently in the Student Union office. By paying a membership fee, any student may ride for 75 cents an hour, a saving on the usual rate of one dollar. Lessons will be given to beginners by the manager of the Purdue riding stables. Irving Summers, president of the Riding Club, urges anyone interested in riding to attend the next meeting to be held this evening at 7:30 in the Union office.
No Limit Set On Number To Attend Junior Promenade] No limit will be set on the number of upperclassmen who may attend the Junior Prom, according to a statement received last night from Sully Mason, Prom committee member. “The committee feels that any junior or senior who may wish to attend the Prom should not be denied the privilege," said Mason. Permits may be obtained today and tomorrow between 4 and 5:30 p. m. in room D of the Union, and on Saturday from 1 until 5. Permits are required for eligibility to purchase a ticket to the Prom. One comp will be given to the winner of the decorations contest now under way. Contestants should submit their own plans for complete ballroom decorations, along with an itemized bill of costs, not to exceed $200, to Mason at the Phi Kappa Psi house not later than next Wednesday. Golfers To Meet Here March 22,23 A two-day conference for golf greenkeepers will be held at thq University March 22 and 23, it was announced yesterday by Bob Woodworth, acting athletic director. Nationally known authorities are scheduled to be on the program to assist University staff members in presenting subject material. Prof. G. A. Young, president of the Indiana Golf Association, will preside at the banquet on March 22. On the program is Burr Swezey, of Lafayette, who will discuss country club finances; O. J. Noer, of Milwaukee, will talk on golf green problems; and a shoi't address will be given by Carl A. Bretzlaff, representing the state greenkeepers’ organization. Entomological Society To Hear Professor Davis Thomas Say Entomological Society will hold a regular scheduled meeting tonight at 7:30 p. m. in room 103 of Agricultural Hall. Professor J. J. Davis, of the entomology department and G. E. Gould will give reports of a pest control conference which they attended recently.
Sophomore Injures Hand In Howitzer Practice Accident Howitzer gun drill has claimed another victim. Last Friday afternoon while preparing a gun for squad competition, George Kintner, sophomore EE, received severe lacerations of a finger, and according to latest reports from friends, may lose the finger by amputation. Army officers held an inquiry early this week into the circumstances surrounding the occurrence which, according to men in Kintner’s squad, was “purely accidental.” B. W. Carpenter, gunner for the squad, was present at the time of the accident and stated that Kintner was coupling the gun to the stationary truck when he failed to remove his hand from the coupling device, and the weight of the piece crushed his finger between the gun and the truck. Last year in a similar accident, John Munk, sophomore ME received less serious injiudes of a finger, but nevertheless he was forced to drop out of school and re-enter this semester. Kintner was taken to St. Elizabeth’s Hospital here but was removed to Indianapolis, his home, Monday evening. It is doubtful whether he will attend school any more this semester.
Union To Block Off West Wing For Sophomore Cotillion Tomorrow Night
Pi Tau Sigma To Play Volleyball Three games of volleyball will be played this afternoon from 4:30 to 6:00 in the Fieldhouse, between the active and honorary members of Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical engineering honorary. “We have the most active team of faculty members I have seen since I’ve been coaching volleyball,” said Prof. H. G. Venemann, faculty volleyball coach. All members are invited by those in charge to attend and participate in the games. Foundation To Sponsor Theater Church Party A theater party sponsored by the Wesley Foundation will be held tomorrow evening at 6:45. The group will go to St. Paul’s Church to see “King of Kings,” which is a story of the life of Christ. Members will meet at the Foundation and go over by car or street car. All students are welcome to join the group, Foundation officials stated. The picture is being shown free; however, an offering will be taken at the close of the picture to defray expenses.
Ag Banqueters Hear F, R. Hall Tonight Agriculture winter course students and staff members will listen to Prof. Frank R. Hall, of the University history, government, and economics department, and other principals speak at the 14th annual agriculture winter course banquet in the Union ballroom at 6 o’clock tonight. The subject of Professor Hall’s talk will be “War, Peace, and the American Farmer.” Outstanding winter course students will relate their student activities and friendships gained on the campus during their campus life. Final preparations for the meeting were complete yesterday. Assistant Dean of Agriculture V. C. Freeman announced last night. A feature of the program. Freeman asserted, will be the announcement of winners in animal husbandry, general agricultui*e, dairy production and manufactures, and athProf. Frank R. Hall letic contests.
Purdye Chemists Begin Investigation Of Properties^ Usage Of Welding Slags
Editor’s Note: This is the eighth in a series of articles on research activities at Purdue. Articles of a similar nature will be published two or three times a week.
By H. I. Stanback New research is beginning in the metallurgy division of the University’s chemical and metallurgical engineering school . . . research on welding slags, which in time will be advanced into research on slags found in open hearth steel furnaces. ^ D. E. Ackerman and D. J. Mack, both of the ChE school, will be running this research, doing most of the work in their Heavilon Hall labs. Later, graduate or undergraduate students will be engaged for some of the work. The American Welding Society in cooperation with the Engineering Foundation, an organization nationally sponsored by such professional engineering societies as ASME, AIEE, and AIChE, will be promoting this research. Has Good Possibilities “We think this will make a good research project,” approved Professor Ackerman, “because it has very good investigational possibili-
ties and the results should be worth something when we get through.” Several phases of slag usage will come in for a share in the investigation, but to begin with the properties and behavior of slags that might be used for coating welding rods will be looked into. Determining the physical properties and characteristics of moltdn slags is accomplished by the use of equipment and methods very similar to those used for molten metals. Difficulty arises, however, since the temperatures of molten slags in arc welding are exceedingly high. For measuring viscosity of slags, a metal or composition cylinder will be spun in a tank of the molten slag, since the viscosity will be proportional to the tSrque necessary to spin the cylinder. To Measure Fluidity Fluidity can be measured by pouring a definite amount of the slag into a mold that will form a long, spiral “pig.” The farther around the spiral the slag goes, the more fluid it is. ' Pouring the molten slag into a
series of notches of varying sharpness constitutes a method for determining the comparative surface tensions of different slags. The comparison may be made by the sharpness of the points on the reversed notches on the “cast slag.” Other important properties of welding slags are brittleness and strength. The slag must be bi’ittle enough to crack away easily whefi the weld is hammered. ' Open Hearth Slags Slags found in open hearth fur- ' naces are not similar to welding slags, but the testing methods and equipment are very much the same . . . consequently the welding research will give way later to investigation of the open hearth slags. Another welding research to be carried on more or less in conjunction with this one will be a study of how grain size effects the strength and bond of welds. An attempt at finding ways and means of controlling this grain size in' welds will be made; although to date very little success has been made along this line.
Balcony doors to the Union ballroom will be thrown open, and the entire west wing of the Union Building, both first and second floors, will be blocked off for the benefit of Cotillion goers tomorrow night. Refreshments will be served in the faculty lounge on the second floor from 11 o’clock until 1. Programs for the affair may be obtained today and tomorrow from Jackson in the Union checkroom from 10 to 1, 2 to 5, and 6 to 9 p. m. Tickets must be presented at the window. Something new in the way of figures, to replace the ancient grand march, will make its debut at the dance, when members, of Skull and Crescent and their dates lead the crowd in a “Skull and Crescent Figure.” Following this. Debris pictures will be taken. Fifher Finn^gin To Loid Cifblic Retreat Rev. William Finnegan, dean of the college of arts and sciences at Loyola University, Chicago, 111., will conduct a Retreat for Catholic students Saturday at 1:30 in St. Mary’s Church. Reverend Colnon, dean of men at Loyola, will give instructions during Retreat. “This is a rare opportunity for all Catholic men and women of the University to hear two qualified men speak on the problems that face the younger generation of the present age,” stated J. L. Von Harz, who is in charge of arrangements for the meeting. Retreat is a spiritual inventory period for Catholics and consists of instructions in the principles of religion, meditation periods, and open discussions. SAE's Smoke, Hear Debate On Grades Featuring a debate on “Should Grades of B or Better Be Required in Prerequisite Courses for Automotive and Aeronautical Options” as the major part of the afternoon’s program, the Society of Automotive Engineers held a smoker yesterday at 4 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. In addition, the program included informal talks by E. F. Lowe, assistant manager of the national SAE, and W. K. Creason, chief engineer of Ross-Gear, who is iii charge of student activities of SAE in the stqte. King To Speak At AChS Meeting Next Monday Prof. C. G. King, of the University of Pittsburgh chemistry department, will speak before an open meeting of the American Chemical Society next Monday at 7:30 p.m. in of the Chemistry Building. Vitamins, enzymes, cellular respiration, and synthetic glycerides are research interests of Prof. King. His address next Monday will be on the subject of vitamins. Purdue All-Stars Swamp Kautsky Netmen, 47-27 The Purdue All-Star basketball quintet smothered the Indianapolis iKautsky net team las^t night at Crawfordsville, 47-27. The local squad was composed of Johnny Sines, Jewell Young, “Pat” Malaska, Andy Grant, and Cecil Isbell.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Clovidy and cooler with snow today. Clear and somewhat warmer tonight. Temperatures; High, 32; low, SO; mean, 31.
Selects Sexton, Learning To Run For President Names of 10 University co-eds were placed on the political slate of the Women’s Self - Governing Association last night as President Betty Ann Stewart announced at the regular board meeting candidates for 1938-39, offices. Nominees for next year’s WSGA positions, as selected by the organizations appointing committee, are: president—Mary Alice Learning and Betty Jo Sexton; secretary—Margaret Mitchell and Ann Sickman; treasurer—Elizabeth Barmes and Ruth Hall; junior representative— Treva Berry and Marianna Wilson; and sophomore representative—Alberta Densford and Paula Zweirlein. March 23 Is The Day Election of officers is set for Wednesday, March 23, in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building. The Women’s Athletic Association and the Young Women’s Christian Association will choose their 193839 office-holders at the same time and place. “I’m very glad to get the nomination, and I’ll certainly do all I can if I get elected,” stated Presidential Candidate Mary Alice Learning last night from her Chi Omega residence. Distinguished as a student, Miss Learning still finds plenty of time for extracurricular activities. She belongs to Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman scholastic honorary, and is active in YWCA. Her special work in WSGA this year deals with the organization of the Residence Council, composed of independent co-ed students. “Needless to say, I thinklt’s swell and I’ll ti-y to prove worthy of the nomination,” her opponent, Betty Jo Sexton announced at 11 o’clock last night as she returned from “OfThee I Sing” rehearsal. Came From DePauw Immediately after transferring here from DePauw University in September, 1936, Miss Sexton became prominent in dancing roles of campus productions. She played in last year’s “Castles in the Air,” and at present is assisting in the direction of dance routines for the all-University production, “Of Thee I Sing.” At present she is co-so-cial chairman of WSGA. Both nominees for the position of secretary, Margaret Mitchell and Ann Sickman, are independent students. Ruth Hall and Elizabeth Barmes, who seek WSGA’s purse strings, are affiliated, respectively, with Kappa Alpha Theta and Pi Beta Phi sororities. Treva Berry, jimior representative candidate, is a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma, while her opponent, Marianna Wilson, comes from the Chi Omega house. Alpha Chi Omega claims Alberta Densford, and Chi Omega boasts another candidate in Paula Zwierlein. WSGA nominating committee includes Chairman Margaret Richey, Sally McKee, Althea Jorgeson, Jeanne Japousek, Vii-gipia Kungel, and Doi-is Gamble, Grad Weds EE Secretary; Rev. Oakel Hall Presides Miss Alice M. Zellar, of West Lafayette, and Jewel L. Wysong, of Chicago, were married Saturday afternoon at 2:30 in the Taylor Station M. E. Church, Chicago. Rev. Oakel F. Hall performed the ceremony. The bride, a graduate of the Lafayette Business College, has been secretary for Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the electrical engineering school, for the past four years. The groom, a graduate of the University, is now employed with the Illinois Public Service Company in Chicago.^ ??■
1l
£diJbfaaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diumiA.
Thursday, March 10, 1938
Appearance Of... . multi coloied leaxes, smoking brush fires, and nippy fiosts heiald the cdining of the autumn season Teensie 'v\eensiL snow flakes fluttering down and cold, bluster^ winds announce the arrival of the winter '^ea'^on Pretts jellow daffodils, dew-lipped violets, and gentle breezes softly murmur that the spring season I'j heie TMiizzmg autos, hushed whispering, midnight connuinc: and vote calculation shout that the “open season on activities is practically upon us And when we sav almost upon us, that’s exactly what we mean It 11 only be a few weeks before the all important elections for senior positions start popping From the pinnacle of seniordom we can offer the anxious job seeking juniors a bit of fatherly advice Yes, w e know you want that senior job so did we last 5 ear Some of us got them, others did not, and from what we can see today those who “succeeded” are no happier than those who did not Sure it would be fine to have your fraternity point to you as a “big shot” senior with an activity, and you could strut about in well deserved limelight But it isn’t so bad to have leisme time for doing some of the things you’ve wanted to do ever since you first legisteied as a freshman such as studying Now studying isn’t a very romanti6 or especially entertaining prospect, but it has its merits However, don’t get us wrong We realize that you can study and keep up an activity, too if you don’t waste time Then you come back at us and say, “But I’ve worked three years to get where I am If I don’t get my senior job, look at all the time I will have wasted ” “Wasted,” did jou say*^ If your activity is a waste of time, you’d better not “politick” for that senior position If three years have been wasted already, why make it worse by trying to add a fourth‘s
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^90ctfited @oUe9tate llress
Entered as second class matter at the i>ost office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oct. 8, 1017, anthonzed Jan 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscriptions $8 per year, by mail $8.60
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL, ADVERTISING BY National HdvertisengService, Inc. College Publtshers Represenlalive 420 Madison Ave New York N Y Chicago Boston Los Angeles San Francisco
Bditor-Iii-CMef
Bnsineas ICuwaar
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF
Managing Editor^
J. B. Brock
Associate Editors _ _ _ D A. Bailey, L, S Hardin,
C D Schroeder, H I Stanbaek, D R Vance
Editor's Secretary Margaret Sawyer
Night Editor—Bailey Issne Editor—Houston Thursday, March 10 1938
We have rambled about the point Juniors, go your way and do what you please to get your senioi jobs, but remember, we warned you Don’t degrade yourself by stooping to deeds even your own mother wouldn’t sanction Don’t he Don’t cheat Don’t double-cross your friends In fact, don’t do anything debasing to your character merely to get a senioi job . for it definitely isn’t worth it. And if you don’t get that job don’t take it too hard, for you’ll be able to enjoy your senior year as no “big activity man” can
collegiate
A different soit of a stoie is oppened up eveiy six weeks by the merchandising department of the New York Central School of Business and Art Fust, a habeidash ery, then a women’s leady-to wear, a Chiistmas Gift shop, a sporting goods store, and a candy shop
What, Where, When?
But if you want to be right, and we CO eds will expect you to be, you can walk on the outside or the light side Only when left side is outside IS it correct for the boy to be there
Mrs. Charles Aiken...
By Sally McKee
Plate glass windows show cases, modem fixtuies and atti active dis plays make each store complete They aie set up inside the school entrance The objective is to tiain the students in actual pioblems of retail selling, they go thiough each step of establishing eveiy kind of shop, selecting location, choosing merchandise, learning about window displays, counteis, fixtuies and the lighting
Emily Post has changed her mind and so you fellows who’ve been complaining about the corner side stepping necessitated by the girl “on the inside” rule can be lelieved Mis Post now says that so long as the girl IS on the boy’s right he may walk on the inside This follows the European dogmatism that a “lady on the left is no lady ” So now you can woiiy about whethei you’ie on the right or left, if you piefer that worry to woiry mg about how you can motivate yourself to the outside
of West Lafayette, is enteitainmg membeis of the YWCA cab met at a tea this afternoon at her home Members of the boaid who will attend aie Dorothy Brown,
Jean Blown, Dorothy Goan, Helen Convei, Catheime Cooley, Wilma
Eirston, Maiga Maiy Glunt, Jane Hall, Pat Heme, Betty Klein, Mary Alice Learning, Sara Alice McIn tosh, and Sally McKee
These student business men must make the store pay foi itself, which means paying insurance, the light bill, and $45 rent a week The rent money and any profit go to needy students.
We wondei what the difference IS How about at this point aban donmg all rules ’ It would all be a lot simpler
Ever since this course was opened in May, 1936, the school has been unable to take caie of all who had wished to enter it, and the demand for graduates exceeds the supply
To piesei\e its stock of gowns, a depaitment stoie m a girl’s college tovn in the East keeps evening slippeis on hand foi girls who come m dressed for riding or skiing when trying on evening wear
THE MlfteiE OF
THE mOVIES!
TODAY — TOMORROW 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
A ,eveh\\
IH KGEK
get
you*^ cream of CHUCKLES fresh FROW Ihe FARWl
Also Cartoon
lUMA
TODAY—FRI.—SAT.
Two Big Features
■ftCKO.'
Another Knockout Of A Show With This Knockout Of A Guy'
TmtUd witb WAYNE MORRIS
-PLUS-
s«,.aco'. <»»'’
bri.v.a
Sr.-;:."'-'
^0^
But we don’t think, seriously, that any activity is a waste of time The merits of activities have been extolled many times in better language than we can command, so you should know you aren’t “wasting” time
Don’t forget the two free tickets to “Of Thee I Sing” which will be given for the most humorous 100word essay on why you should see the show We’ll give the tickets away ABSOLUTELY FREE and publish the first two or three prize winning essays in the column
Here’s a chance to use your literary talents to a good advantage Don’t forget . the deadline for the contest IS midmght tomght
If you wanna see gals get mad quick just ask the Theta’s about Charles “Buddy” Rogeis and the Pi Phi song
This news should cause that guilty “marriage mystery” senior to shiver m his boots Chuck Cole, the perennial civil student, is planning an extensive checkup on the courthouse records in the towns surrounding Lafayette
Yammerlnij
y Terror ^ thmaers
^froni the '"Big House" in the year's most sGOiching i blast of thrills!
WALTER CONNOLLY
JOHN
H O W A R D
JEAN
PARKER
ROBERT
B A |l R AT
r
TODAY Fri. - Sat.
MARS
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
We want contribs for our “Campus Love” directoiy Of course we have numerous contributions already, but we want it to be complete
For fraternities and sororities failing to send in the lists of their members who have pins out or have pins and who has them . . . we’ll send our own scouts out, and we won’t guarantee their results to be accurate . but THEY’LL BE RESULTS!
“Joe likes to browse
Chuck IS going out next week and he swears he’ll bung back a photostatic copy of the marriage license of that ‘guilty” senior
Well, Chuck, luck to you' But we thing it’s a lotta trouble for some show passes
But that’s the spirit we like to’ see We’ll inciease the quota of Mais passes if we start getting an extia lot of contribs which merit them
Improve Your BALLROOM DANCING By Enrolling In Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS FRI., MAR. 11, 7:00 p. m. Children’s Ballet and Tap Classes meet Saturday. ENROLL NOW
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ARC
Today - Friday - Saturday
GRANT WITHERS REATRICT ROBERTS DANNY WEEKS JUDITH AILEN Wx NEWOt
‘DICK TRACY ’ SERIAL Last Chapter
Wear It lOW and Wear If With EVERYTHING . . . SPRIIG
m Kiw—f&ii
KIDS-CAIFS GABARDINES
Here’s the New Spring Color Sensation that everyone’s excited about .... we feature it in chic, flattering “bandies”, high fronts, pumps, and “swaggers” Choose now while we have the biggest selection.
ALL SIZES
BAGS
to match
$1 00-$1.95
C RRL'S
-feBiamE! 332 Main St.
Lafayette, Ind.Thursday, March 10, 1938
THE PURDUE
SfilfilA.
EXPONENT
if
Sigma Alpha Mu Defeated By Tau Epsilon Phi In Table Tennis Finals In the finals of the interfraternity ping-pong tournament held last night at the Fieldhouse, the Tau Epsilon Phi team of Coen and Gardner nosed out the Sigma Alpha Mu team of Blitz and Nassau in a close match, three games to one. Sigma Alpha Mu’s team gained '
the championship round by a victory last night over the Sigma Chi team of Fink and Faas in straight games, 21 to 19 and 21 to 13. In the finals, the Sig Mu’s captured the first game 21 to 14, but were beaten 21 to 17, 21 to 19, and 22 to 20 to lose out in the fight for the Greek ping pong trophy. Sigma Phi Epsilon... . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Dick Elton, Kansas City, Mo.
BASKETBALL
—Today— Court 1—Igney 7:00—C-1 vs. C-3. 7:16—A-1 vs. A-3. 8:25—B-1 vs. B-3. 8:40—H-1 vs. H-3. Court 2— Aronson
00—D-1 vs. D-3. 16—E-1 vs. E-3. 25—F-1 vs. F-3.
8:40—S-3 vs. S-1. Court 3—Michael 7:00—H-2 vs. H-4. 7:15—A-2 vs. A-4. 8:25—B-4 vs. B-2. 8:40—d!^4 vs. C-2.
INTO
With Fresh CLEAN CLOTHES
-DRESSES COATS
You won't really get "that old feeling" that comes with Spring until you've had your clothes rejuvenated by our expert cleaning and pressing process. While our prices are low, our work is uniformly high in qualify.
West Side Cleaners
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
m§y.. A DAY SHAVER miMimnsm CLOSE SHAVE OTHERS mmim
fllOM its very name. Remington Rand Close-Shaver, you knowthat its promise of dose, dean diaves will be performed. And behind that name are these ezdusive features: new predsion shearing head...double cutting surface... combing bar that lifts flat hairs...special Westinghouse motor... 3rear’8 guarantee on maf terials and workmanship. Say ^'good-bye'* to blades, soap, lotions and other e^ensive shav* ing nuisances. Here’s a dry shaver that really shaves— dose, dean and comfortably.
—ALSO— Packard Lecktro Shaver Shavemaster Shavers Decker's
518-520 Main St. Phone 6477
Women’s Athletics Sports Day Winning four out of six games, 19 WAA members participated in Chicago University’s basketball sports day, at Chicago, Saturday, March 5. During the day they met the Mortar Board team, the “330’’ team of Chicago University, and the A, B, and D teams of Mundelein University. This WAA sports day is the first one of its kind ever to be held for basketball alone. WAA members from 10 mid-western universities and colleges were present. Teams from Iowa and Wisconsin universities were unable to come because of snow. The following girls who were chosen from the 55 girls reporting for preliminary practice, attended the meet: Florence Hester, Janette Morris, Georgia Walker, Janette Shaffer, Elizabeth Maier, Pauline Swick, Alice Harrington, Dorothy Newman, Mary Weishaar, Louise Thomas, Mary Ann Reimann, Gladys Knollman, Marie Butz, Mary Delaplane, Josephine Cook, Lela Gabler, Kathryn Merritt, and Betty Beaudry.
Wrestlers Meet In All-Campus Match Next Week Campus wrestlers will be given an opportunity to display their skill and win an intramural medal next week when the all-campus wrestling tourney begins on Wednesday. Champions will be selected in each of the eight weight divisions; and gold, silver, and bronze medals will be awarded for the finalists in each division. Men who are interested must sign on the bulletin board beside the check-out window in the Fieldhouse gymnasium basement. All entries will weigh in from 4 to 5:30 Monday and Tuesday next week. Two days will be required for the elimination. No varsity wrestling lettermen will be eligible to compete in the tournament.
With.@ui a mirror With a Schick Shaver you can shave in the dark, with your coat on, seated in a comfortable armchair or iying on a bed if you want. It takes the nuisance out of shaving. Just plug into any eleotrio outlet. $1.00 down $1.00 a week DAME & WILSON 633 Main Street
VOLLEYBALL —Today— —4:00— Court 1—Acacia, Alpha Gamma Rho, ATO. Court 2—Alpha Chi Rho, AKL, Beta Theta Pi. Court 3—Delta Chi, DU, Kappa Delta Rho. —5:00— Court 1—Delta Tau Delta, Kappa Sig, Beta Sigma Psi. Court 2—Phi Delta Theta, Lambda Chi, Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa. Court 3—Phi Kappa Psi, Phi Kappa Sigma.
Vaughan’s Flower-Garden and Lawn Seeds ACE AND VIGORO Fertilizers Full Line of Pruning Shears and Saws J. SPERB ACE STORE 822 Main St. “WE DELIVER”
»the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
"DEAC’’ Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWOR'TH’S Everything for the Purdue Student PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUl. A. BISK OB. HABOU) J. BISS DB. BOBBBT G. BI8K DB. LUTHEB A. B18K 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Yz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 Locksmith — “C'' CARTER for Kejm — Locks — General Bepalrlnc Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.CJN. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
— Auto Rental — ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St. — Jewelry — R.J.BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office — Shoe Repair —- BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Four Squads Enter Big Ten Championship Meets Western Conference winter sports teams will wind up their seasons in a brilliant finale this week-end, when the annual Big Ten meets in swimming, indoor track, wrestling, fencing, and gymnastics will be renewed.
Four of the five events will be held in the Chicago area, with the University of Chicago host to the trackmen and fencers, while Northwestern University will be the scene of the wrestling engagement. The swimming meet will be held in the New Trier High School pool in Winnetka. 111., and Minnesota has been awarded the gymnastic meet. Michigan will be defending titles in track and swimming. Illinois is the team title-holder in wrestling, while Ohio State defends the fencing championship and Iowa the gymnastic title. Three Champions Only three individual track champs will return for this year’s meet. Chuck Fenske, Wisconsin captain and miler; Bill Watson, Michigan negro, who last year set a new conference indoor shot-put record as a sophomore; and Stan Robinson, of Illinois in the 70 yard high hurdles, are returning champions. Six of the seven individual swimming titles will be defended, four of them by Michigan entries and the other two bj»Ohio State stars. The conference wrestling meet will have five defending champions, as well as a 1936 title-holder. Bob Kafton, of Wisconsin, is the only 1937 fencing champion back for this year’s competition.
Puidue teams will be entered in track, swimming, wrestling and in the fencing competition, and several Boilermakers are expected to obtain points for the Gold and Black. Bob Lemen, high and low hurdler,' Art Bodeau, half miler; and Alden Knapp, miler, are among the Purdue entries in the track championships. George Wildhack, sophomore diver, will be entered in the svrimming competition. Several Boilermaker wrestlers will be entered/ with Hoffman the most likely candidate for individual honors. Purdue’s hopes in the fencing championships will be pinned on McWilliams, Stepath, and Levin. Four Fraternities Meet in Rifle Finals Today Pi Kappa Alpha, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, and Sigma Chi lead in the qualifying round of the initial interfratemity rifle meet being held at the new range in the sub-basement of the Fieldhouse. With 580, 673, 572, and 566 points respectively, the four lead the original field of 27 teams. The four leading teams will shoot in the finals to be held today at 4 o’clock.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqore Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
JhL ^ksAtnud, Shorn, serves better foods in a more dignified atmosphere ....
You will enjoy a tasty meal in pleasant surroundings: — When She comes for a visit, When Friends come to visit, When You feel in the mood for a quiet, appetizing dinner (or lunch). Visit the Chestnut Room now located on the second floor.
JhsL PundujL Wjun&tuxL lAmofL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of ActivitiesifflWfWWW
^ad. ddL.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
O^ntiroA-
Thursday, March 10, 1938
Fashion Notes
B\ A'S icKard
Co>cinisi tho fa'^bion fiont we c;ee—coat-s, back acrani with a bans? foi the hi st time in i. eai ^ We =iee fitted coat'; reefei <^t^ le,‘'oftly tail01 ed with ‘iquaied '?houldeis and a slim, slim waist Maii> times coats are buttoned tu the waist, and often the\ aie collailess
Suit addicts need not despaii, foi tlH\ will find all then old favorites College gills will love the little shoit fitted jackets and the shoiter-than-e\ei skiits, but theie aie also boxy jackets, hip length 01 fiiurer tip length, foi those who piefei them Colois—navy, mustard yellow, browTi, or gray, and \our blouse must be a contiast, as w lid as you wush it
Skirts To Be Shorter Daik punts with small designs make new and neat looking di esses which will be seen this summei undei white jackets Skiits aie shelter and may be eithei stiaight oi pleated Newest of the new is the blouse dress with the fullness gatheied m at the waist.
Spring colors, pale haunting pastels—lots of white and ice cieam pink, lavender, and mimosa yellow Spring fabrics, fi agile tulle, oiganzo, and cobwebby lace. Off the shoulder necklines, full float mg skirts, taking us back to the Civil War days—this is the spring evening story. In keeping with this lomantic picture are flowers in the hail Tiny primroses, violets, and white roses match the new pastels
As for hats, it’s the old, yet evei new spring story. Shallow sailors, piquant veils, and flowers everywhere, from little violet nosegays on a straw pillbox to huge poppies on a felt bonnet Tuibans too, are flower laden, surprising as it may seem Tailored Suits Devotees of the tailoied school will like man-tailoied single button ^uits made of twill, often stuped, 01 little tweed numbeis buttoned up the fiont, to be worn w ith felt bi etons oi the evei populai lollei New longei sweaters m heait weaiming colois contiast with pleated oi goied tweed skiits New notes to watch foi are waywaid waist lines, pleats, stupes, tells, floweis, pale gloves and hats, supde in melting shades, felt, and a new kind of pancake beiet
H. G. “Deac” REISNER
Sells the Frank MEDICO Filter-Cooled Pipes
CENVINE FILTERS PACKED ONLY IN THIS RED AND BLACK BOX MADE MEDICO WORLD’S LARGEST SELLER
FILTER.COOLED
NEDiCO
SOMETHING WONDERFUL GOES ON INSIDE:
It has the only Fat’d filter combining moisture proof Cellophane exterior and 66 Baffle absorbent mesh Bcreenintenorj resulting in greatest scientific pipe smoking invention ever known. Prevents tongue
bite, raw mouth,
, bad
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
STUDENTS ROOM, FOR TWO —$2 50 pel week 419 Dodge stieet
WOULD THE PERSON—Who found my EE 4 book please leturn it by calling 7935 Reward R Dingle
lost—Chi Omega pm m Union Saturday, March 5 Reward Return to Ailene Rothenbeiger Call 46463.
I WANT A RIDE—To Connecticut 01 vicinity spiing vacation Make me an offei Wm A Painter Phone 41562
Notices
No NotiCLS Acc p ed After 8 PJB.
Mechanical Engineers ME students who intend to join the ASMB must do so before Tuesday, March 15 No applications will be accepted after this date Apply at Piof G A Young s office for applications —CLUTTER
wet heel,
odor, frequent expectoration. No peaking
iivduaiproves thetaBteand aromaofany
tobacco.
STEPPING OUT IN STYLE
Illustrating above is almost an exact replica of our smartest spring suit models.
Double or Single Breasted Plain or Fancy Back
$25 —$30 —$35
DEWENTER’S
416 Main Street
Kiflery Conoction—Meeting for team candidates will be held Sunday, Maicb 13, at 9 1 m at rifle range in the Fieldliouse —HOLMES
riying Club Will members of tho dance committee, Bailev Blain Manlove, and Malik please meet in room A of the Union at 7 30 p m Thuisday, March 10, with the Glidei Club —MORGAN
C. E 41—Hydraulics: An examination for the removal of C grades will be held on Saturday, March 12 from 1 00 to 4 00 p m in room 201 of the CE Building Students intending to take the examination should leport to the undersigned not later than March 9 —GREVE
PIA Applications for positions will be consideied starting Thursday, March 10 All members interested call at the PIA office between 4 and 6pm any afternoon to learn qualifications (3-13) —SCHLUNDT
English Condition Examinations: In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday, March 12, 1 p. m , in Education Building, room 201 —CREEK
Camera Club: Will all persons having lockers inside the club’s darkroom please register them with the darkroom committee at tonight’s meeting, or before 6-00 p. m Friday, March 11 —KOEHLER
Triton Club • Because of convocation there will be no Triton or open swim tonight There will be a mixed swim Friday, March 11, from 7 30 to 8 30 in the Memorial Gj m —SCHWEHN
PIA Dance Class: The beginning dance class will meet in the faculty lounge of the Union Building at 4 16 p m on Thursday, Maich 10, and at 7 30 p m in the Women’s Gym on the same day You may come at either time —CLYMER
P M. 11 and 12 Make-ups: Examinations for removal of conditions and incompletes in P M 11 and P M 12 will he given in room 201, Michael Golden Shops, at 4 p m , March 16, 1938 —RISING
PM 16 Conditions. Examinations for removal of incompletes and conditions in descriptive geometry will be held Saturday, March 12, at 1 p m , in room 308 of the CE Building Arrangements must be made with me prior to March 12 —PORSCH
Scabbard and Blade Pledges Get cutlasses from me at the Beta Sigma Psi house (3-16) —MAAHS
Men’s Badminton Tournament' Last oppoitunitv to sign up either for the all-cam-pus single or ward doubles Sign slip outside of intramural office Handicaps will be given certain entrants —BILLINGS
Gold Peppers Meeting in the WSGA office at 6 p m Thursday, March 10 —SLOCUM
Alpha Phi Omega. Meeting 'Thursday, March 10 in reception room of the Union Announcement of committees will be made. —WADLEIGH.
Glider Club: All members desiring to remain active must make arrangements for paying dues by Thursday, March 10 See Moore or Crosby immediately. —CROSBY
Intramural Bowling: Tournament, Thursday night, March 10, at 7 p m Ward 2 vs Pedalion , 8 30 p m Kappa Alpha Theta vs Pi Phi (3-10) —GEORGE
Camera Club Members who left dark room cards at last meeting may obtain them at the west desk in the Union Building —SAMUELSON
Chemistry 1 and 2: Condition examinations will be given Saturday, March 12, 1-4 p m , loom 101, Education Building Make application at room 210, Chemistry Building, before March 12 —MARTIN, ALLEN
Catholic Students. "The Retreat,’’ under the guidance of the two deans from Loyola University, will be held this Saturday and Sunday March 12 and 13. The first instruction will begin at 1 30 p m on Saturday —VON HARZ
Union Workers Will our committees please meet in the workshop Thursday, March 10, at 4 p m —JACOBSON, TAYLOR
S-2 Battery Basketball: Do not play 'Thursday, March 10, as scheduled. Game will be played Saturday, Maich 12, at 1 45 Report early —COEN.
Newman Club Meeting of the discussion group Tuesday, March 16, at 7 00 p m in room A of Union —McCONAHAY
University Orchestra this week (3-12)
No rehearsal this
-PHILLIPS
Glider Club- Work session Thursday, March 10, at 2 p m -MOORE
Green Potters: Decoration committee will meet in loom 1 of the Union at 4 00 p m on Thursday, March 10 —ELLEY
ME 62, Condition Examinations: An examination will be held on Saturday, April 9, from 1 to 4 p m in room 308 This is the last opportunity for removing conditions in ME 62 received prior to the 1937-1938 school year Students planning to take this examination should see me before April 6th —BINDER
History, Government Makeups: Conditional and incomplete removal exams in history, economics and government will be given Saturday, March 19, at 1 p m in room 313 of the Recitation Building Make application in history office. Recitation Building, befoie March 19 —ESTEY
Green Potters’ Dance Committee: Meeting Thursday, March 10, at 7 00 in room B of the Union —YATES
Students’ Bible Class Meeting in room C of the Union Thursday, March 10, at 7 p m Reverend Ainslie will discuss Facts Which Prove the Ressurrection and Ascension of Jesus Christ ’ All students are cordially invited —BURBRINK
Badminton Club: Four courts will be available for mixed pliy Thursday, March 10, in the Women’s Gymnasium at 7 All prospective membeis must be present to sign the application form. —BILLINGS
Badminton Squad: No practice this afternoon. Report at Women’s Gym at 6. Everybody be present —BILLINGS
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Regular monthly meeting Thursday, March 10, at 7 30 p m in room 103 of Agricultur'e Hall —FAVINGER
PIA Tea Dance Stag line for Saturday March 12 is not yet filled Call at PIA office in person between 4 and 6 30 any afternoon All young ladies are invited to come unescorted without signing up —PARKHURST
Glider Club • Short business meeting in room A of the Union Building at 7 00 p m Thursday, March 10 All members who expect to be active this semester must attend this meeting oi contact one of the officers —MOORE
Unsightly Clothes
made to look refreshing after Crown cleaning and pressing. All wool Garments Crown Cleaned are mothproofed at same operation. No extra charge for this service.
CLEAI^ERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
CLASS FOR LADIES IN BALLET DANCING and Health-Giving Exercises THUR., MAR. 10, 6:30 p.m. Tap class for little hoys and girls under school age opens Thursday, March 10, 1:30 p. m.
PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Ride in Style TO THE Cotillion IN A De Luxe Cab Phone 2151 30c Couple
HIGH STEPPING
You'll see HIGH HAT turning in the smart places this season. Gay and glamourous it's "the" shoe for your "must have"
list.
LOEB & H E NE COMPANY
Second Floor Shoe Salon
and
t^ea
d(j- tk
e
(dotiiiu
ion
but there is one fault.
Her escort forgot to send her flowers.
Rotk
LUNA THEATRE BUILDING PHONE 795 5 Prompt Delivery Service