HfHMPSSS
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By, and for Students of Purdue University
> \
Purdue Exponent
TKm^AY
Febnuny 3, 1938 tofoyeftiiv indkoia
VOL 49 No. 101
One-Fourth Of Freshmen
Vote In Senate Returns
Casting a comparatively small vote during registration, 576 freshmen voted ten out of 41 fellow students into Student Senate seats. Of these approximately 320 engineers cast ballots, 58 from science, 98 from agriculture, 84 from home economics, and 15 from pharmacy-physical education.
The new Senators )are: Engineering: T. B. Petty, J. D. Fisher, A. Beddoe, A. B. Clarke, L. G. Lind, and P. L. Hamman finished in that order. Agriculture: J. A. Stewart. Science: R. A. Hoffer. Home Economics: Paula Zwierlein. Pharmacy-Physical Education: R. L. Huff. Said chairman of elections committee C. G. Elliott, “The thing that bothers me is that there seems to be a decided amount of apathy in the student balloting at Purdue. They den’t take as much interest as they should, with only about 25 per cent of the freshman class voting. I stopped many at the exit door of the Armory and reminded them of the election—^many who wouldn’t have otherwise voted.”
The new senators may take their places in the Student Senate at the next regular meeting, but their term will expire at the end of the present semester.
KmiaM Ledures In
Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education, will speak on “The Problem of Forgetting” at the third meeting of the committee on methods of teaching in the school of agriculture. The meeting has been scheduled for 7:30 p. m. Wednesday in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building.
The meeting is open to all members of the agriculture staffs and any others of the University staff who may be interested.
ly At Chicago University For Dodor's Degree
Theodore K. Noss, instructor in sociology for the last three years on the University staff, has obtained leave of absence for the current semester in order that he may attend the University of Chicago to complete work for his doctor’s degree. During Noss’s absence, Dr. Allan A. Smith, of Duluth, Minn., will serve as substitute instructor. Dr. Smith obtained his master’s degree from the University of South Dakota, and for 15 years he was the principal and superintendent of schools in Minnesota.
Dr. Smith will conduct two classes in the principles of sociology, one in educational sociology, and one in the sociology of urban life.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Cloudy today preceded by rain. Somewhat colder. Generally fair tomorrow.
Sorority Rush To
Start Sunday Noon
All girls interested in second semester rufeh may legister at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union lobby on Saturday afternoon between 1 and 2 o’clock. The registration fee is one dollar.
The period of rush, which officially opens at noon Sunday, will extend to the following Saturday noon, February 12. Open rush, under no Pan-Hellenic restrictions, will be observed by the seven Greek letter sororities during this period of second semester rush.
Mary Jean Jarrett, president of the women’s Pan-hellenic Council, will answer any questions which the prospective rushees may have.
Stiff Selfs Over
2 Ji '31
IS
“Over 2,000 copies of the 1938 Debris have already been sold,” announced Boyette Edwards, junior business manager last night. “We hope to sell at least 2,800.”
During registration the last two days. Debris workers have been diligently striving for their goal of 2,800. The regular sales staff was enhanced by 10 co-eds who strove to sell books via their own good looks and personality.
The combined ^orts of everyone involved rang up a total of between 130 and 136 sold during registration. The exact figure remained undisclosed.
267 seniors received their individual groups of 60 pictures each yesterday. Those seniors who failed to obtain their photos may secure them by calling at the Debris ofoffice in the Union Building.
Semester's First Mixer
Features Lou Schiiiing
Lou Schilling and his local campus swingsters will furnish the rhythm background for mixer-go-ers this Saturday evening for the first mixer of this semester. The regular price, $1.00 per couple, and the regular time, 9 to midnight, will be in effect.
Freshmen All freshmen interested m working on the Exponent business staff report to the Exponent office, 312 N. Fifth street, at 2 o’clock Saturday. D. C. Miller, Business Manager.
Boudreau, Dehner
Declared Ineligible
Ineligibility cost the University of Illinois’ basketball squad the services of its star forwards Louis Boudreau and ‘Pick’ Dehner /yesterday. Boudreau became ineligible when it was learned his mother was receiving monthly checks from the Cleveland baseball club, with whom he is said to have verbally agreed to play ball after graduation. Dehner, leading Big Ten scorer at the present, flunked a physiology course for the first semester. A special examination may make him eligible before the end of the season, but not in time for Monday’s game with Purdue.
Masters, IV Man, Coming For Ball
Indiana University will be represented at the Interfraternity Ball next Saturday night by one of its more musically inclined former students—Frankie Masters.
Masters, who will play in the Union ballroom from nine until 12, will bring with his NBC-CBS band Marion Francis, vocalist. Last summer and fall the Masters organization played a long term engagement in the College Inn of the Hotel Sherman, Chicago.
The orchestra is a weekly feature of the NBC program, “It Can’t Happen Here,” with Edgar A. Guest author. It has also played engagements at hotels in New Orleans, Memphis, and Houston.
labor' Subject Of
“Resolved: That the national labor relations board should be empowered to enforce arbitration of industrial disputes,” will be the theme of the next intercollegiate debate, which will be held here Saturday between Marquette and Purdue University debating teams.
Over 5,600 Students Register In
University For Second Semester
Barker Will Play For Annual Triad Formai
Ciosed Dance Friday
From nine to twelve o’clock on Friday night, the Miami Triad will hold its annual formal dance in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The dance, which is a closed affair, will be conducted under the musical guidance of Paul Barker and his orchestra, from Indianapolis.
The Miami Triad consists of three fraternities, all of which were founded at Miami University, Oxford, O. Beta Theta Pi was founded in 1839, Phi Delta Theta in 1848, and Sigma Chi in 1855.
J. K. Kirkpatrick is chairman of the dance committee, which also includes B. Edwards, Jr., F. J. Luth, F. C. Rhoades, and R. P. McConnell. Chaperons are Major and Mrs. G. 0. Kurtz, Dr. and Mrs. J. E. Walters, Dr. and Mrs. R. K. Toner, Dr. and Mrs. G. F. Hendricks, and Prof, and Mrs. C. L. Lovella.
St!
Li
ik Exchancie
It’s a success! That’s the general concensus of opinion on the new student operated Book Exchange.
According to Terry Davault, sophomore ME, the Exchange is “much better than the village” and that prices are much more reasonable. J. B. Cahill, also a sophomore ME accosted at random at the Exchange, thought that “it’s a good idea, if they can get students to bring their books in. All they need now is a little more variety.”
The Purdue team will be made up of Mack White and Elbert Bohlin. The debate will take place in the faculty lounge of the Mem6rial Union Building at 2 p. m.
Eskell Nordell, of the Permutite Water Softening Company, will be the speaker at a regular meeting of the AIChE Tuesday at 4:30 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Nordell will speak on commercial water softening equipment and its installation in the modern industrial plants.
The speaker graduated from Columbia University, and after a short period of work as a laboratory chemist went to Chicago, where he engaged in the soap industry for a few years. For the last nine years he has been i^orking for the Permutite Co., and has spent most of his time traveling about the country in connect%n with his work on water softening equipment.
“And those students who have cashed in on last semester’s texts will probably agree that some cash in the hand is worth two or three volumes on the shelf at home.
Sales Hit New High Yesterday’s sales topped the day’s before by a considerable margin. 622 books, worth $1,028.55, were taken in and 686 books were sold for $941.82. Students called for $727.65.
The totals for the three days that the Exchange has been in operation are: 1,510 books, worth $2,450 taken in; 1,025 books sold for'$1,658, of which $877.75 was called for. Cash for books that have been sold may be obtained by calling at thfe selling desk an hour after the sale has bfeen made and the number posted on the bulletin board.
Ward Stallings, director of the new Exchange, stated yesterday that the following books are those most called for: ME 31, EE 4, EE 5, EE 6, EE 7, EE 19 or 20, Eng. 14, AH 25, Ec. 12, Hort. 21, Fai’m Mgt. all four courses. Math. 2, Math. 3 and 4, CE 61, ChE 137, GE 103, GE 110, DH 1. Clark Burton, director of records for the Exchange, asks those students who have turned in ME 30 books to report to the cashier’s desk in the ballroom today.
More than 5,600 students registered for the second semester in the University yesterday and Tuesday, according to Exponent’s unofficial count. The figures for the individual days were: Tuesday, 3,000, and Wednesday, 2,600. Late entrants are expected to raise this total to approximately 5,900, slightly under the registration figure for last semester of 6,176. — Work Through Night
Complete Initial
For New
Tryouts
Campus Musical
With over 120 University students parading their singing, dancing, and acting talent before the selection board for the new all-cam-pus musical, “Of Thee I Sing,” initial, tryouts came to a close yesterday afternoon in the Union Building. The musical comedy is to be produced by students chosen from the campus at large, and will be presented the two week-ends of March 11-12, and March 18-19. There are four main leads in the drama, the male lead being President Wintergreen, playing opposite the feminine lead, Mary Turner. The two supporting leads are Diana Devereaus and vice-president Throttlebottom.
More Trials Today Due to the difficulty in casting parts for the forthcoming production a good many of the original aspirants for parts will be required to report back to the Union Building for further trials toddy and tomorrow.
Board members request the following students to report to the faculty lounge today at 6 o’clock. Marge Starrett, Kathryn Davis, Ann Simms, Georgia Lee Weigel, Alberta Schammadel, Ruth Bennett, Beverly Rice, Mary Ed Johnston, B. Burns, G. Claypole, P. Smith, J. F. Moore, R. W. Mureen, R. Schlendorf J. Ciral, B. Everett, R. C. Zeigler, R. Hewitt, S. Palma, P. Worcester, W.P. Yeoman, P. Ahrens, D.Thompson, J. C. Baker, G. DeVore, R. Heine, G. K. Kirkpatrick, C. Langworthy, J. Shepard, J. Ashton, O. Baker, W. E. Dunshea, E. Carlquist, and J. Shoemaker. Another List Tomorrow Persons who are not listed above should not consider themselves out of the casting said publicity director Leon Jacobson, last night, because another list is to be published tomorrow for those who are to report Friday for further trials.
Registration activities did not cease however with the closing of the Armory doors, as evidenced by the activity in the Accounting office, the Military office, and the Division of Educational References offices last night. In order that classes might get under way promptly in the morning, Chief Accountant W. A. Bodden, with six regular workers and two student workers, late last night was “figuring out where we stand,” in connection with total fees paid, fees deferred, and with the task of sorting out the numerous deposit Slips that must go to the various departments this morning. Sort Class Cards Officers in the Military department expected to finish by 11 last night their job of sorting out the class and drill hours for the entire corps. Up on the fourth floor of the Administration Building, under the direction of Prof. H. H. Remmers, workers were sorting out by means of an electric machine, the class cards that must go to each instructor before his classes begins today. They expected to finish their work before 7 o’clock this morning. In the sub-basement of the Administration Building, eight students were sorting out the railroad tickets, filing each card according to the office to which it belongs. Thus, through the work of these special committees, classes will begin promptly this morning with all the mechanical details finished.
Red Tape, Lon^ Lines, ThaVs Registration By Betty Widkard
Campus Varieties
Return Saturday
Campus Varieties will go on the air again Saturday afternoon from 3 until 4, from rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Featured on the program will be Pat Clinton and his band. Eve Ruth, Russ Mock, Clark Langworthy, with Henry Miller acting as master of ceremonies. The audience studio seats only 25 persons, so those that wish to attend the performance are advised to come early.
Endless railroad tickets, endless lines, endless waiting, and endless sales talks by aspiring salesmen roping you in for everything under the sun. That’s registration! “Sorry, that class is closed, you’ll have to start over again. No, you’ll have to wait at the end of the line. Oh, it’s closing time, come back again tomorrow. No, you can’t take that course. No, I don’t care who said you could.” This is registration! Shamble Through Red Tape Long lines of weary students shambling through yards of red tape, with disgust written over their faces. Registration workers snapping at uncooperative students, their nerves worn to the breaking point. Registration! But somehow it’s a fascinating business, and somehow we like to hang around and greet everyone we know. It’s fun, registration! Shepard Created System Who originated this super efficient system which enrolls 6,000 students in two days ? It is the brain (Continued on page 2)
Six Groups Head Numerous University Research ' Activities
In answer to a reader’s request Exponent begins today a series of articles dealing with research and in>vestigation activities at Purdue. 'I^day’s article contains a sketchy outline of the whole research program; later stories will describe in more d^ tail some of the more important and interesting researches.
By Harris Stanback Nearly as wide in scope as the educational facilities of Purdue University is the research and investigation activity going on day by day under its jurisdiction. Six University groups are responsible for nearly all of the diverse forms of research taking place in the campus labs and libraries. These include: the Engineering Experiment Station, the Agricultural
Experiment Station, the School of Science, the School of Pharmacy, the School of Home Economics, and the Purdue Research Foundation.
Engineering Research i Under the expert direction of Dean of Engineering, Andrey A. Potter, the engineering experiment station sponsors programs of investigation in all the engineering branches represented at Purdue. Operating in conjunction with the Experiment Station is the engineering extension department, whosle job it is to carry the benefits of the teaching and research departments to the citizens and industries in Indian^. Short courses, extension classes, specialist services, and safety institutes are some of the med-
iums employed to convey these benefits. Researches of the engineering experiment station include: regular station research, cooperative experiments, direct with industry and indirectly with industry through the Purdue Research Foundation, service and commercial tests, and the graduate, undergraduate, and faculty investigations carried on in cooperation with the engineering schools.
Although engaging in an entirely dissimilar field of research, the Agricultural Experiment Statioh and Agricultui'al Extension Department are organized and operated in much the same manner as their engineering counterparts, described above.
Dean J. H. Skinner, of the Ag school, heads the experiment station which is housed in its own building at the corner of the South campus. Agricultural engineering, agricultural statistics, agi’onomy, animal husbandry, botany, dairy husbandry, entomology, farm management, forestry, horticulture, poultry husbandry, veterinary science, and agricultuial chemistry are among the fields delved into by experiment station investigators. Agricultural extension ectivities are perhaps most extensive of all Purdue’s research and service programs. Workers all over Indiana teach farmers and housewives the findings and methods developed by the Experiment Station.
Science Investigation Scope Seven departments comprise the school of science—of these four ai‘e active in research. Science departments sponsoring experimental programs are: biology, chemisti'y, mathematics, and physics. Dean C. B. Jordan directs research in the pharmacy school. Here the pharmacy extension department is the most important part of the activities. This department operates in a manner similar to its brother extension departments in agriculture and engineering. Methods of homemaking, timesaving ideas, and other findings of the Home Economics investigatoi's find outlet to Indiana housewives through the Agricultm’al extension
department. This service is extended by the regular agidculture extension wprkei’s.
Foundation Incorporated The last branch of Purdue research does not operate strictly under University control, for the “Purdue Research Foundation” was incorpoiated separately in 1930 under the laws of Indiana. This incorporation provides a legal device making the Foundation able to carry on business that the University and itstrustees are unauthorized to participate in. Purdue's housing research is part of the Foundation’s work, and also Amelia Earhart’s flying laboratory was made possible by Foundation funds.m
f' ^ i .*i: ( Ij ^ i#A»i tfjtf aiy t
'■M-l
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Whether You Attend Class... the rest of the semester, or not, it’s a pretty good idea to report “here” at the opening meeting in each class, today and the rest of the week. For, according to University “Rules and Regulations Governing Students”: Any student who fails to attend the first session of the semester in any course shall not be permitted to continue in the course unless provided with proper authorization or excuse from the Dean of Men or Dean of Women. It usually pays, however, to get around to class rather frequently throughout the entire semester. Going to class every day, staying awake, and taking a few notes will save time on out of class studying, and it enables the student to keep up with his class. That old adage “Well begun is half done” of course holds true in school work, and especially so during the second semester. When those spring days roll around in April and May, concentrating on studying won’t be nearly so^easy as walking across the levee to a movie or sprawling out in the sun for the afternoon. We suppose it will take the rest of the week for the professors around here to recuperate after spending two entire working days of eight hours each at registration tables.
College Outlines Are... ... a definite aid toward improving grades, is yesterday’s report of the Bureau of Educational Surveys, New York City, based on a recently completed poll of students using the outlines. Covering a period of several months, the poll contacted 3,720 students in 223 institutions of higher learning-—10 of them from Purdue. By far the largest number of students reported grade increases from fair to good, following the use of these study helps . . . another large group reported improvements in grades from failure to passing . . . in a few cases, students previously receiving failing grades reported final A ratings. The consensus of opinion among the students was that by stating the facts concisely, the college outlines simplified study, enabled them to quickly grasp the essentials as well as get the most out of the recommended text and auxiliary reading. Professors included in the poll in the main approved the use of outlines by the students because of their value as a supplement to their
the Purdue Exponent
^sociated HAMOH WISCOtCM Entered as second class matter at the poet office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for. in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan'. 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. REPRESENTED. FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY / NationalAdvertisE5EgServ8ce,?f?2. ■ I College Publishers Itepresemotivt 420 Madison AVE. New York, N. Y.
CHICAGO - Boston -
Los ANG
LES • San Francisco
Editor-In-CMct R. P. Manien
BasinesB Uaiuwer D. C.' Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor .—J. E. Brock Associate Editors.... D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Statiback, D. R. Vance Editor's Secretary.. Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Managier —J. P, Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. GiUilan Local Advertising Manager. R. R. Hensler . Circulation Manager — M. C. Reeves ' CO-ED STAFF EMitor - ; Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor ; R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors.. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6.037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide 'with the offcial University vie'vypoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. j Night Editor—Schroeder Issue Editor—Terrio Thursday, January 3, 1938
own lectures and as a means of getting the subject together in a coherent and concrete way. Quite a few expressed the belief that they helped the student who might otherwise get lost in an introductory course. The poll was not without its dissenting votes. A students from a Middlewestem school wrote, “Flunked. The outline would have been a great help if I had only read it.” And this came from an educator at a prominent Eastern university: “It is not a pleasant sensation to have a student come into your class with one of these outlines and use it apparently as a check upon what one is talking about.”
By Mary Cooley At the end of their 100-hour “Nosleep” experiment in the cause of science, the six University of Georgia psychology students were pronounced “in a state of good health.” The yawning non-sleepers, four co-eds and two young men, outwardly showed little eifect from the experiment conducted to determine the action of sleeplessness on body and mind. Dr. A. S. Edwards, head of the university psychology department and director of the tests, said the experiment was a success, and added that he hoped it would “show results first for science, and then furnish practical applications.” The regular routine of classes, meals, exercise and dates (if they wanted them) was carried on. The subjects were constantly observed by student watchmen who prodded them awake when they needed it. Two of the group agreed their second night was the hardest to stay awake and that the hours just before dawn every day were difficult. Results of the tests made as to reactions, steadiness, color perception, grip, typing ability, memory, and visual ability 'will be announced later. Dr. Edwards announced that another test to compare the reactions of non-sleepers and those of persons with normal amounts of sleep is in the making. One day last November three up-per-clgssmen and two women in Cornell University's four-year course in hotel administration took over for one day the entire management of the $26,000,000 Hotel Astpr in New York City. One of the two young women was chief telephone operator, the other was executive housekeeper. The house detective job was enjoyed by a varsity athlete. * * * Forgetful students at the Lewis Institute of Technology in Chicago are letting Jack Pretula do their thinking for them. For the benelKt of busy students who had trouble temembering such vital details as their sweethearts’ birthday or when they last had a
haircut, Pretula started a card index. Now all that embarrassment has been eliminated. Dispensing with the old way—running around with strings tied to their fingers—^the students call Jack, who quickly thumbs a card and comes up with the dope. ^ H' “The man who thinks only of himself is hopelessly uneducated” says Dr. Nicholas Murray Butler, president of Columbia University. is not educated no matter how instructed he may be.”
—Today— Second Semester Glasses Begin At 8 a. m. : Winter Course Society: Meeting in assembly room of Ag Hall at 6:46 p. m. Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting in room A of the Union Building at 7 p.m. Employment Lecture: Dr. J. E. Walters -will speak in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7 p. m. Lafayette Music Society: Program in the music room of the Union Building at 8 p. m. Concert pianist will play. —Tomorrow— Purdue Women’s Club: Drama section meeting in the faculty lounge of the Union Building at 2:30 p. m. Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting room C of the Union: Building at 7 p. m. PI A Rehearsal: In tower roOm of the Union Building at 7 p. m. Miami Triad: Dance in Union ballroom at 9 p. m. —Saturday— Debate: Marquette vs. Purdue in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 2 p. m. Basketball: Indiana vs., Purdue in the Pieldhouse at 7:30 p. m. Mixn: In Union Ballroom at 9 p.m.
The babbling of Donald Duck mingled with the noisy entrance of a sorority sister makes a good mixture perhaps, but is hardly applauded by D. D.’s audience at the radio. In the days of the theater and concert no one would dare mar eithter luxury by a rude interruption but radio and moving pictures have made amusements so inexpensive that our manners have become freer and at times worse. Emily Post, in getting herself up to date, says “Concert manners at the radio.” We do not urge such complete formality, but suggest that you be more careful in how, when, and where you interrupt a group listening to the radio.
ARC
TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
“DICK TRACY” SERIAL —pla»— “Silly Symphony’* Cartoon SUNDAY — MONDAY “REMBRANT” “NOBODire BABY” “MICKEY MOUSE” CARTOON
Here’s a hot one!! Beauty kueen Virginia Hulse filled in the appropriate blank on her registration “railroad ticket” with the word “married.” When it was called to her attention by one of the student assistants, Virginia blushed furiously and immediately changed it to “single.” You dull Sigs had better give Putze the third degree and get cigars. This on-again-off-again affair of Sully Mason and Frankie Eastburn is too much for us dim-wits to comprehend. One day we look: we see Frankie wearing a Pisigh gravy bowl . . . the next day we look: she isn’t wearing it. What’s the score ? To make the whole affair just a bit more involved, “Fish” Reid gets in his two-bits worth. He takes up the slack in Eastburn’s leisure when Sully chooses not to be head-man. Imperative questions: “What was it that caused Tommy Graham to have that little white patch over his eye? And why did he remove it so suddenly?” All Quiet on the Isbell Front” . . . nqpe, I guess they aren’t married .. . yet! D. H. Gridley pulled a fast one on the brother Delts. They didn’t know he had his pin on Carolyn Williams, the Pifi sweetie, until . he passed out cigars at dinner last night. At least he isn’t a cheap-skate but the Pifi’s are yowling for their candy. Resolutions for the new semester: Never darken the sweet shop door. Study five hours every night. Go to no shows. Attend no dances. Cut no classes. Buy no . . . aw, nuts! Why live?
SWEET SCANDAL Treva Berry, Debris beauty, rode to Indianapolis with Bill Milhollahd in a rumble seat with the lid pulled down. Why, Treva! Don’t forget about the Mars double pass for good contribs.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
STARTS TODAY TWO SMASH HITS BETTE DAVIS HENRY FONDA
Thursday. February 3, iSSiSj
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclily
‘Wow! I’ve found a new planet. Call up the Tweedle Observatory and yell, ‘Finders, keepers’!”
Red Tape--
(Continued from page 1)
child of Di’. George H. “Eaglebeak” Shepard, who proudly watches the wheels of his creation go ’round semi-annually. ' Efficiency expert and mathematical geinus in the mechanical engineering school. Dr. Shepard worked out the “modification of a planning system in an industrial plant.” In 1923, student and faculty agitation about the mad scramble of registration by the method of visiting professors’ offices and signing up at the registrar’s caused Dr.
Shepard to act, with Controller Middlebrook and Registrar R. B. Stpne, as a committee of improvement. “When you students come in the the west door of the Armory, you’re raw material. When you wave goodbye to Shorty Purehla, you’re the finished product in the system,” said Dr. Shepard. Make Improvements Improvements, such as greater number of deputies, white schedule cards and labeled tables, have come with the years. Dr. Shepard smiles modestly when accused of pride in his system. “It used to be the middle of the semester before our roll books were finally straightened out; now it works so smoothly it’s a bore to stay around to watch.”
TODAY — FRI. ^ SAT. •WFU bust W daCKET in this ClTfl RACKti ..but this gkl I'’''®* Vho most daring, rocket of the racket-buster] himselfl
...hJOHN BARRYMORE JOHN HOWARD LOUISE CAMPBELL
nASfff II you like yonz romance ro.wdy • • • with a bowl lor every beart-beat. .. HERE'S A GRAND SCREEN TREATI
Ificks
TODAY—FRI.—SAT.;l>
w
HmaiKiHi
1 I.
1
Thuraciay. February 3# 1938
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Tankmen Open Season Against Fort Wayne;TVil(lhack To DiveTn AAU Meet
S'wimming in its first regular competition of the season, Coach Larry LaBree’s varsity swimming team will meet the FOrt Wayne YMCA team in an exhibition meet at Fort Wayne tomorrow evening. The program will include the usual intercollegiate events. Another Meet Saturday Traveling to East Lansing, Michigan the next day, the squad will hold a regular dual meet with the Michigan State College team Saturday night. These two meets will serve to tune up the team for its first Big Ten meet against Northwestern on Saturday, February 12. This mee1$ will be the first intercollegiate meet in the new Olympic pool at the Fieldhouse. Diver Not Available George Wildhack, number one Boilermaker diver, will compete in the Indiana-Kentucky AAU championship meet^ at the Indianapolis Athletic Club on Saturday instead of accompanying the squad on its trip. Though this will weaken the team’s chances. Coach LaBree believes that Wildhack will gain more experience at the Indianapolis meet. With the squad weakened by the loss of Wildhack and two free style men who "are ineligible at present, Coach LaBree must rely on the following men who will make the trip:
Captain Tredwell and Kerber, back stroke; Carr and Spehn or VanDelester, breast stroke;' Armstrong, Graham, and Harris, distance free style events; Lahey , Ancker, and Fuller, dashes and relays; and and Craig and Fahrner, diving. Coach LaBree hopes to have the entire team ready for the Northwestern meet, including Wildhack and the two men who afe now ineligible.
Sports Staff All present and prospective workers on the sports staff of the Exponent will meet in the main office, 312 North Fifth street, Lafayette, tohight at 7:30 p. m. to arrange schedules and discuss problems pertinent to the sports staff. This call includes all freshmen, sophomores, juniors and seniors. J. E. Brock, Managing Editor.
Squash Freshman and varsity squash squads meet in the faculty gym at 7 o’clock Friday, February 4. Bring schedules so that assignments for practice can be made. —FIELDS
»the Purdue Exponent Service . Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
"DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION j DENTIST 119'/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Photography — Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette — Locksmith ■— “C”CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grindinar New L.CJM. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. — Barbers —^ MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street Lafayette “THREE GOOD BARBERS” — Florist —
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flktujers Main at 7th Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Bloat csehisiTa assortnont of eorMw«a available to Pai^ae Stndents. 527 Main Phone 5432
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C.EISENBACH 1 Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office — Confectionery Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Gloiz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts. — Dine —
dhuh^
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road — Taxi Service — The Thinking; Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 2Ss per passengrer any part of city 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO. — Auto Rental — ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St ^ — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Sh,op
in the
VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
~’Ofncf stationery . Wcddini Invilalloni
PHONE Wu Book..Etc.., i 6 s t CASSEL'S 4otFEiwy
By Dick Obenchain The much discussed Purdue type of sportsmanship will be pretty much in the focus of attention of Big Ten basketball fans when the “fighting” mini come to Lafayette, Monday night . . . The sportsmanship displayed by both sides cahnot be alibied in any manner . . . And Purdue students can, by their conduct during this game, continue the feud between the fans of the two schools and continue to give Purdue a black eye among Western Conference followers, or they can reverse their policy of the last few Illinois gables and demonstrate their ability to “take” the bitter with the sweet... As it stands now, the general opinion of Big Ten fans in general is that Purdue “can’t take it.” —fc— What can we do about it ? . . Let’s leave the boos outside . . . Let’s give credit where credit is due even if it means applauding the dreadful IIlini . . . Let’s give the officials a break . . . and let’s give our team a break by keeping the noise down so that they can play sane basketball. —fc— The mini fans are cooperating as much as possible... Sigma Delta Chi of the University of Illinois is sponsoring a special train to accommodate 500 fans on the trip to Lafayette for the game . .. “I” men have asked local “P” men to arrange a banquet between the two organizations before the game for the purpose of promoting good feeling between the two schools . . . The Daily Illini is printing a series of editorials to aid this movement . .If the Illinois fans can do so much, let’s show them that we can do our part, too.
—BASKETBALL— —Toddy— Court One—Igney, referee 7:00—Phi Gamma Deta vs. Phi Delts. 7:15—Delta Tau Delta vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 8:25—Sigma Chi vs. Acacia. Court Two—Aronson, referee 7:00—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Delta Chi. 7:15—Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 8:25—Ward 13C vs. Cary Halj 2. Court Three—Mann, referee 7:00—Ward 5 vs. Ward 2X. 7:15—SPE vs. Beta Theta Pi.
SHORT COURSE BASKETBALL Court One—Aronson referee 4:00—Green vs. Orange. 4:15—White vs. Black. 4:30—Brown vs. Red. Court Two—Mann, referee 4:00—Yellow vs. Purple. 4:15—Gray vs. Blue.
Sigma Delta Psi To Hold Meeting Today A combined meeting of all Sigma Delta Psi aspirants will be held this afternoon at 4:15 in room 104 of the Fieldhouse at which time the pro--gram for the second semester will be explained. All who have completed their tests and those with tests yet to pass off are urged to attend the meeting. During the first semester, 75 men reported for the various Sigma Delta Psi tryouts and a few succeeded in passing all of the requirements. At the present time there are six men in school who have become members of this athletic honorary society. Several have but a few tests left to complete and before the year is out, it is expected that at least 10 will have completed the tests. Pool Open Friday The pool will be available Friday night for all who wish to pass their swimming tests. Most of the indoor tests may be run off any time after four o’clock in the gymnasium when judges will be on hand to pass the contestants. Five participation points are to be given to each fraternity for every member passing the Sigma Delta Psi requirements. All fraternity intramural managers are urged to attend the meeting this afternoon, ds items of particular interest to them will be discussed.
FOR RENT — Student room, double. $8 each. IV2 blocks from campus. 323 W. Lutz. 56823.
BOARD—Have board for students. Home cooking, very reasonable. X call will convince you. 56823.
WANTED—A student to organize a boarding club. Phone 3874.
FOR RENT—Single room with private entrance. $13. 440 N. Salisbury. Phone 45633.
FOR RENT—Double room, single beds. $7.50 per month. 122 Pierce street. Phone 7764.
LOST—Brown Sheaffer pen—reward. Orion Mock, Phone 76721. 21 University.
FOR RENT—Double room, single beds $11, double bed $10. 466 Vine Phone 3340.
FOR RENT—Two or three bed^^ room ultra-modern apartment adjacent to Purdue. New Building. Occupancy in one week. 907 Third street, West Lafayette.
FOR RENT—Single room in a private home. Has double bed with innerspring mattress. Near campus. Phone 51202.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Driving Cages And Putting Green Now Available At Gym Purdue golf enthusiasts who pine for the sun-warmed greens of Florida, and who long to walk along the rolling fairway in their shirt sleeves chasing a little round white golf ball can obtain some satisfaction by using the equipment in the sub-base-ment of the gymnasium, if they use their imagination. Driving Cages Walking up to the driving cages with their sleeves rolled up and determination in their eyes to blast out a 300 yard smash, they can tee up on any one of six available mats and drive off into a white canvas drop which is about 15 feet away. Instead of being joyful upon seeing the ball go sailing out into the air, they can satisfy their desire for results by either trying to tear a hole in the canvas, or by seeing how much noise they can make. On tiring of driving, our yearning Purdue golfer can wend his way over to the putting carpet, where he can putt to his heart’s desire, without any fear of having his technique ruined by the chance passing of some Florida beauty queen. New Addition ' This putting carpet is the latest addition to the sub-basment’s facilities and offers a more rounded training and conditioning for the sport. Anyone who feels the urge to indulge' in a little golf practice can obtain clubs and balls at the intramural check-out window in the gymnasium free of charge.
Notices No Noticea Accepted After 8 p.m.
University Orchestra: February 3, at p. m m Fowler Hall studio. —PHILLIPS.
Interfraternity President’s Council: Bring financial reports to meeting February 3 at 6 p. m. at Pi Kappa Alpha house. —GRAHAM
Chinese Students’ Club: There will be an important meeting of the club February 5 in room C of the Union. —SOO-HOO.
Riflery: Instruction in rifle will be resumed for group 2 and those who are interested February 4 at 4 p. m., room 107 of Fieldhouse. Do nof^ring rifles. —HOLMES.
Silver Mask: Imi>ortant meeting in fencing room of Fieldhouse February 8 at 4 p.m. —ANTUSCHKO.
Glider Club: Important meeting in room F of the Union Building, February 3 at 7:15 p. m. —MOORE.
Commute on Student Honesty: All committee members please meet in room 9 of the Agricultural Experiment Station Annex at 4 p. m. February 3. —LLOYD.
PSA: Open forum discussion February 3 at 7 :3() p. m. in room D of Union. —DUNSHEE.
Cosmopolitan CInb: Short meeting February 4 at 7:15 p. m. in room C of the Union. Important tiiat all members be present. —GEELACH.
Freshman Exponent Co-eds: The following schedule is the work program for the new semester. Monday: Len Hibbs, Georgia Carroll, and Beth Simpson. ' Tuesday: Janet Pickering, Mary Burtsfield and Betty Jane Short. Wednesday: Charlotte Sebast and Mary Jane Carr. Thursday: Jane Briscoe, Mary Irene Sawyer, and Janet McGregor. BViday: Ruth Rose jUnd Helen Stanley. Saturday: Betty Lou Jakes, Peggy McMathe, and Marian Jobnkon. —JUSTTN.
Sigma Delta Psi: There will be a meeting of all Sigma Delta Psi members and aspirants in room 104 of the Fieldhouse, February 3 at 4:16. —FIFIELD.
Debris Photographic Staff: Meeting of
flowers for all Formal Occasions (flcuik. 3'khaL Qo. Phone 5432 527 Main Street
Indiana Net Squad Prepares To Upset Boilermaker Team The Boilermaker net squad will face their ancient rivals from Indiana University here Saturday in their first game since finals, with a capacity crowd indicated by advance ticket sales. 'The Indiana squad has been none too impressive all season, seeming to lack the proper balance to come through in the closing minutes. Although the Hoosiers are in the second division m the Big Ten standings, their wins over such teams as Illinois and Minnesota and their recent overtime loss to Northwestern 32-29 indicate that they are a team which could easily upset any pre-game predictions. * Lack Experience The team is built around a nucleus of four lettermen and two reserves from the 1936-37 combination. They were handicapped at the start of the season by the loss of such stars as Ken Gunning, Bob Etnire, Vern Huffman and Fred Fechtman, who played regularly in all of the games and did not allow the men who comprise this year’s squad the opportunity to gain much needed experience. This handicap should be overcome by now, and the Indiana squad will be in its best form for the Boilermaker tilt. James Birr, former Technical of Indianapolis star, has been the mainstay of the team all season. His height and weight have proven invaluable to the Hoosiers and will form a formidable bulwark to Boilermaker under the basket offensive. Ernie Andres and Bill Johnson, guard and forward, were members of the Jeffersonville High School net squad which was defeated by Anderson for the 1935 championship. Exponent Work Schedule Thursday: CDS-Night Ed.; LSHStooge, RLK-Issue, GWF-Proof, JCW-Marker. Friday—HIS-Night Edl; DABStooge; GJT-Issue; GAT-Proof, REI-Marker. Saturday—CDS-Night Ed.; DRVStooge; REI-Issue; WAK-Proof; RJD-Marker.
entire staff February 4 at 4 p. m. in the Debris office. —EMSLIE.
Egg and Chicken Show: All interested in working on annual Egg and Chick Show should come to organization meeting in the Poultry Building February 4 at 7 p. m. Freshmen are especially invited. —RALSTON.
Kappa Delta Pi: There wUl be a program at 7 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building February 3. Alumni members are invited to attend. —BYRD.
Scriveners: Important meeting February 6 at 7 p. m. at 126 West Lutz. Bring manuscripts. —FELDMAN.
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds: Rotating schedule for this week’s afternoon work follows: Thursday, Wimborough, Thrasher and Johnson. Friday: Schilling, Sawdon, and Wiekard. —McKEE.
Sophomore Union woAers: AU sophomore Union workers meet in workroom at 4 p. m. February 3. -TAYLOR.
Seniors: Dr. Walters will speak on “How the Purdue Senior Can Obtain a Job” in the EE lecture room February 3 at 7:80 p.m. —WELLS.
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds: Following is the schedule for afternoon work—Saturday: Joy Johnson and Emily Sawdon. Monday: Betty Wiekard, Georgann Schilling, and Alice Martens. Tnesday: Kay Thrasher, Joan Wimborough, and Helen ^effee. —COOLEY.
Freshman Swimming Team: All members report February 3 at 4 o’clock. Final tryouts will be held for the Indianapolis trip. ^ —EASTWOOD.
Inter-Fraternity Presidents: Please be ready to report the number of tickets sold for the Inter-Fratemity Presidents’ BaU at council meeting February 3. —SADLER.
AIChE: Meeting February 8 at 4:30 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Mr, Eskel Nordell of the Permutite Co. will speak on commercial water softening. —GRIFFENHAGEN.
GtKltl€jH44e.?
Yes—It’s true. You still get the same service at the reduced price of 20c first \ passenger, 10c each additional, anywhere in Lafayette or W. Lafayette
2151
CALL A De Luxe
2151rm PPBDUE EXPOICTT
Thursday# February 3, 1938
Be Like Joe
He is going to get all his school supplies where he always gets them
NORTHWESTER vs. BRADLEY TECH Of course it’s— SOUTHWORTH'S West Lafayette
SEE DEAC
for BOOKS and
SUPPLIES
H.G.(Deac)Reisner
Bookstore
NOTRE DAME vs. PITTSBURGH
Everything for a College Education
WLel M cHiincL
420 Main Street
PURDUE vs. ILLINOIS
it
r,
I
THEN HE CHANGED TO GEISLER'S CLOTHES
OOMTYOU REMeMSgH ME J WAS THE UF&QUATO AT THEWUCE USTSUMMER ^
OH f SO Vt>UARei You LOOK" ER-»* OlFFERENT.YOOt KNOW-SOSO
IM BUSY TtgS
EVENING
ST. LOUIS 500 MAIN ST.
Pi; vs. DEPAUW
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
PICK THE
WINNERS
(fadlL GivahdA.!
Here’s your chance to show just how much you know about picking Basketball scores. To make this contest even more interesting the EXPONENT is offering prizes of $3.00, $2.00, and $1.00 for the best three entries. Pick and win! Send your entry today. CONTEST RULES
1. Using 3 our ability and any scientific method you may have, estimate the scores of the ten basketball games found in the advertisements on this page. 2. Write in twenty-five words or less, “Why I Think I Should Patronize Local Merchants.” 3. The decision of the judges shall be final. In case of ties duplicate prizes will be awarded. 4 Entries will be judged on accuracy, originality, and neatness. 5. Contests will be run every week through the Purdue 1938 basketball season Entries must be in the EXPONENT office by 5 p. m. each Friday. 6. Scores must be on clippijpg of the contest page, or pages; or a reasonably exact facsimile thereof. 7. Entries will be received only if mailed by Campus Mail, left at the Union Desk, or left at the EXPONENT office Address all entries to Local Advertising Manager, Purdue Exponent. 8 Results will be announced in the EXPONENT 9 Members of the EXPONENT Staff, EXPONENT employees, or their families are not qualified for entry
IOWA vs. OHIO STATE Like Cedric# you too can be saved. Only don't let the damages on your car catch up with you like this fire has caught Cedric. Have your car checked regularly at—
Peter Anderson Co.
24 Hour Service
Phone 4048
525 Alabama St.
LAST WEEK'S PRIZE WINNERS
First Prize—Award of $3.00 R. H. THATCHER 20i3 Vine St., W. Lafayette Second Prize—Award of $2.00 FRANCIS McAllister 121 Wiggins St., W. Lafayette Third Prize—Award of $1.00 W. A. BEMAN 218 Waldron St., W. Lafayette
In picking basketball teams — You can’t go wrong with Purdue.
Seniors! Protect your education
CHICAGO vs. OHIO STATE You will also pick a winner A When you insure with
The Lafayette Life Insurance Company
A Mutual Old Line Company
Smash Hits!
In Men’s Suits, Sweaters, Topcoats, Overcoats, Shirts and numerous other accessories^ Only the latest styles are to be seen at
MINNESOTA
vs. IOWA
^uUwjiL
INC.
In the Village
W atches—Diamonds—Jewelry
WISCONSIN vs. MICHIGAN STATE
Ryrex rio
PRDNTED STATIONERY WITH PRIMITIVE CHARM AND MODERN SPARKLE COLORS AS GAY AS THE RHUMBA OR AS SOFT AS A SERENADE
Two-color striped border in bright fiesta hues or a majestic palm design in soft pastel shades . . smart Threadloom paper In large double sheet size
50 DOUBLE SHEETS 50 ENVELOPES
$'
With printing on Sheets and Envelopes m smart lettering styles
HAYWOOD'S
PURDUE
5th and Ferry Streets Lafayeftte, Ind. vs. INDIANA
While you’re thinking about which teams will win, drop in for a chop steak and root beer. Bert
Triple XXX
11