Purdue
i-i«
Exponent ■■
Volume 51, No. 180
IlluxBdoy, Way 16, 1940
Latest War News
Germans Cross Meuse London, May 15—Officials both here and in Paris admitted tonight that German troops had crossed the Meuse river at Sedan and established a salient approximately four miles deep on the west side of the river. While they admit that the situation at Sedan is grave, British and French officials were loud in their denials of the fact that German troops had pierced the Maginot line. Sedan is considered one of the French strong points and lies at the bend where the battle front turns northwest into Belgium. Zeeland Holds Out Berlin, May 15 — The Ghifman army had entered The Hague and was in complete control of the city as Dutch troops laid down their arms according to reports from the Holland radio. The entire country, with the exception of the Zeeland Province at the mouth of the River Scheldt, has been conceded to the Germans. Foreign Minister Eelco N. van Kleffens placed Dutch Army casualties at 100,000 men killed. This is approximately one fourth of their original strength. The entire Dutch Air force was destroyed but the Dutch navy escaped almost intact and has joined the allied fleets. Skirmish In Belgium Brussels, May 15—German officials have launched the entire strength of the German right wing against the allied forces in Belgium. As yet the fighting has been largely confined to air activity, but skirmishing forces have met at several points. Stock Market Rises New York, May 15—The stock market continued its decline for a short time this morning and then rallied suddenly in the briskest trading that has occurred since the war broke last September. Sales during the first hour totaled 1,540,000 shares.
Dick Cisne To Play For SAE Formal
Electoral Board Chooses l.Pflauni, 111116$'
Foreign Editor, l6
Monday In Union;
TomorrowNight ]4 (Jllion VlCB PreSldciltS CopiesStillForSale
Flying Club
. . . elected the following officers for the school year of 1940-41 at its regular bi-monthly meeting last night: Bill Greve, president; Frank Habicht, vice-president; Bob White, treasurer; and Allen Johnson, flightsergeant. Lois Hollingsworth was re-elected secretary. These officers will be installed at the Flying ClubGlider Club banquet during aviation conference we^k-end. May 25.
Dick Cisne and his band from the University of Illinois will come to the campus tomorrow night to play for Sigma Alpha Epsilon’s last formal dance of the school year. Dancing will be in the south ballroom of the Union from 9 till 12. Decorations for the evening will carry out the formal theme. A purple backdrop displaying the pin and crest of the fraternity will be behind the bandstand. Band fronts will carry the letters “SAE.” The committee in charge of arrangements includes Frank Habicht, chairman, Dave Light, Dave Hartman, Jack Smalley, and Warren Guard. Ragains To Conduct At Final University Orchestra Concert Under the direction of Joseph Ragains, the University Orchestra will make its final appearance before the campus public, forming the nucleus of the Music Room program Sunday, May 19, from 4 to 5 o’clock in the north ballroom of the Union. The program, which will be about an hour’s length, will consist of six numbers by the orchestra and two violin solos by the concert master, Vernon Westburg, junior in the electrical engineering school. This last concert by the orchestra terminates a series of programs and activities during the year. On December 3 the orchestra made its first appearance, giving a Music Room program. Following was a broadcast on January 6 in connection with the Agricultural Conference, a program for the Home Economics chorus festival on January 10, the accompaniment for the Easter Cantata, “Seven Last Words,” and a special program at Kentland for “Sweethearts.” Club Plans Picnic For Staff May 18 University club will sponsor a picnic Saturday at Westwood, the home of Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart, to which all staff members are invited. “Spots” Emrick and his band will start the program at 4:30 p.m. Supper will be served after 5 o’clock. Tickets are now on sale in the offices of the deans. Heads of schools and departments and staff members are urged to buy their family tickets as soon as possible.
Second Exponent Razz Edition Appears; Good? We Dunno, But It Was Different
By Lee Ruffner
Well, that’s twice this year we did it—gilding the lily by printing a razz edition of Ye Expo in black ink, we mean. To those of you who can recall the gayly colored efforts of past years the two editions of this year’s staff must seem very different, both in appearance and
m style of copy.
Clean Razz Editions When some one suggested last fall that we try publishing a clean lazz edition—^he really was conscientious; the objections of the University staff to former copies had nothing to do with it—^he was frowned upon (audibly) by a goodly number of the young men composing the editorial staff. On further reflection, however, it didn’t seem such a bad idea, especially after someone mentioned the fact that it would be nice to publish something in the way of a humor edition that could be sent home with out profuse apologies (we’ve read some that couldn’t even be sent home, apologies or no.)
Result—Ye Expo
“Ye Expo,” published just before Thanksgiving vacation, was the
lesult. Word filtered back to our den in the Union it was well received, by the freshmen at least, so we tried it again yesterday. That wasn’t the Exponent staff for next year, honest—the real one will be published later, and in the meantime, we’re doing business at the same old stand. Rumor has it, too, that this year’s edition of Debris will have more than twenty pages—25 at least. This is a Special notice for the little man who was so much perturbed about taking a beating on his $4.50 investment. You should look harddr for that little —sg—' that denotes the “straight goods” in one of those special editions.
Yea, Dotty!
And to the belittling co-ed who read that little bit about Dean Dotty Stratton getting “things done on time and we do mean that good night kiss” and then remarked “I didn’t think she had it in her” —• well — all we can say is, you don’t know our Dotty! So, after all is said and done, it was all in fun. We liked wrifipg it, did you like reading it? ’
Will Select Seniors At Meeting Tonight Last night the electoral board of the Student Union held elections for Union vicepresidents. Fourteen sophomores, five women and nine men, were chosen for these positions. They are as follows: Barbara Ann Adkins, Kappa Alpha Theta; Barbara Fellows, Chi Omega; Catherin Kern, WRH; Katherine Murphy, Alpha Chi Omega; Virginia Schaupp, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Chuck Brandt, Phi Gamma Delta; and T. D. Carpenter, Beta Theta Pi. Also, Bill Hepburn, Delta Tau Delta; Bob Howkinson, Alpha Chi Rho; Doug McDaniel, Phi Delta Theta; Hal Knight, Sigma Nu; Roscoe Starek, Delta Upsilon; Carl Tafel, Phi Delta Theta; and Jim Wolff, Phi Kappa Psi. The electoral board consists of two faculty members and the four seniors. These were L. Valleley, manager of the Union; F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, substituting for Dr. Elliott, who is out of town; Paul Cooper, Louise Schickler, Dave Brubeck, and Vincent Hruby. The thirteen vice presidents of this year also took part in these elections. Tonight elections will be held to fill the four senior positions of president, executive, co-ed executive, and activities chairman./ Tau Betes Conduct Formal Initiation
Cary Club Presents First Annual Music Show Last Night By Bob Tewksbury Cary Club gave its first annual musical show, “Bo-jangles,” last night in Eliza Fowler Hall. The show was conceived, directed, and performed by members of Cary Club. The entire performance centered around the newly formed Cary Glee Club and Roscoe Hass’ Cary Club Orchestra. The orchestra played several popular pieces and the Glee Club sang “Winter Song” and “Strong Hearted Men,” the songs they sang for the All University Sing. The comedy had the audience rolling in the aisles throughout the entire performance. Audience Guesses “Hellzapoppin’ ” has nothing on “Bo-jangles” as the audience was kept guessing as to what was going to happen next. During one of the songs of the glee club (the boys all wore summer formals), a janitor walked in front of the glee club carrying a mop and pail. There were several comedy acts such as “The Love Birds” and “The Mad Russians.” “The Love Birds” was a chorus girl dance that even Broadway would have found hard to beat. Several of the fellows would have passed as first class chorus girls.
Last Night In Union Senior Cadel Officers
Will Witness Review
Initiation ceremonies for Tau Beta Pi, honorary for all engineering students, were held in the west faculty lounge of the Union last night. Selection for members into this organization is based on high scholarship and exemplary character. All pledges were required to write on the subject, “The Social Responsibilities of the Engineer.” E. J. Drazy was selected winner of this pledge essay contest and received the $5 prize. Initiates included the following: L. G. Alexander, ChE; L. E. Aull, EE; V. L. Crabb, EE; E. J. Drazy, EE; F. C. Goldsmith, ChE; W. K. Grise, ME; M. J. Half lick, EE; W. L. Holcomb, EE; G. R. Jungerman, ChE; M. E. Keane, PSE; C. W. Leber, EE; A. D. M. Lewis, CE; J. T. Long, ChE; L. B. McCammon, CE; E. S. McKee, EE; W. G. Meese, EE; W. J. Pitcher, EE; C. J. Shaefer. Met; R. J. Schier, Met; T. J. R. Stephens, ChE; K. J. Thompson, ME; A. C. Weed, EE; and H. Wist,
ME.
Dr. Test Receives Leave Of Absence Dr. L. A. Test, a member of the chemistry staff of the University for 27 years, has been granted a leave of absence for the coming year. After that he will retire from the staff of the University. He is being granted the leave so that he may engage in the fruit growing business in Califoimia, where he formerly was a teacher. Dr. Test was graduated from the University in 1894, and obtained his doctorate from the University of Chicago in 1907. He taught at several other schools before he came to the University in 1918 as professor of general chemistry. He is the author of several textbooks and numerous scientific papers, and has been active in many scientific societies. Ruth Houghton ... of the women’s placement service, is co-author of an article called “So You Don’t Want A Carper” which is appearing in the May Career issue of the Mademoiselle Magazine.
On Intramural Field Graduating senior cadet officers of the first brigade today will review the brigade at the last corps day of the semester. The brigade will be commanded by Cadet Second Lieutenant Aull, while the regimental commanders will be Cadet Second Lieutenants Norquist and Teeter, all of whom are juniors. Before leaving the Armory for the review, awards will be presented by the Sons of the American Revolution to Cadets P. J. Freed, and E. M. Lewiecki. Cadet Freed was chief of section of the squad that won first place in the combined gun squad drill, and Cadet Lewiecki was chief of section of the section that won first place in the freshman gun squad competition. Officers Elected For Pan-Hellenic Council student heads of the Pan-Hellen-ic council were announced last night; the new officers are Kathryn Lang, Alpha Xi Delta, president; Jane Weaver, Phi Mu, vice-presi-dent; Jean Shake, Delta Gamma, secretary; Ruth Bennett, Kappa Alpha Theta, treasurer.
Commencement Tickets Those seniors who made application for tickets to June 9th commencement exercises may call for them in the north room of the aluniini offices in the west wing of the Union from 4:15 to 5:00 p.m. today and tomorrow, the Gala Week committee has announced. According to Lawrence Archibald, committee chairman, 1593 applications were received for the 850 tickets which the committee is distributing. No more applications can be received. Seniors who still need extra tickets are advised to contact other seniors who may not need all of the four .tickets acquired upon payment of the diploma fee.
For those of you who have one of those little slips saying “One Debris for John or Jane Poodoo” the big day is almost here. All of you who have paid the price in full may obtain your copy of this year’s annual in the Debris workshop next Monday, May 20, starting at 4 p.m., according to John Van Horn,
junior business manager.
If you still owe money to the little men, then the proper procedure is to settle it all up in their office before trying to get your edition. Those organizations who would like to get all their copies at the same time, should draw up a list of the members eligible to receive copies and submit the list to the Debris office by 5:30 p.m. tomor-
row.
Copies of the 1940 effoi't may be purchased even at this late date in that same office or at the site of the old west desk of the Union. Scrivener Club Elects Riegle, Finney, Irwin Officers For '40-'41 Officers of the Scrivener club, writing honorary, for next year were chosen at a meeting of the club yesterday afternoon. Those elected are Chester Riegle, Sci. ’42, president; Charlotte Finney, Sci. ’41, treasurer; Erma Irwin, Sci. ’42, secretary. Plans were made for the pledging to be held Sunday, May 19, at 7:30 o’clock in the Union building. All members of the club are required to attend the pledging ser-
vices.
Heads of the Scrivener, campus literary publication, were also chosen at the meeting. Lloyd Alexander, ChE ’41, was elected editor, and Haskell Metz, EE ’42, business manager. Wesley Group To Present Three Act Play Sunday Wesley players will present their three act play, “The Tinker,” Sunday at 8 p.m. at the Morton School Auditorium, North Chauncey Ave. Those taking part in the play are Winifred Thompson, Merwin Stott, William Peterson, Mary Ruth Vaught, Welbourne Tooker, Fairie Totten, and Wayne Shaffer. The production is being directed by F. K. Broome of the Ag chem department. Free tickets are available from members of the Wesley group or at the foundation office.
Speak At Banguet Irving- Pflaum, foreign editor of the Chicago Daily Times, will be the princii^ speaker at the Sigma Delta Chi initiation banquet and closing meeting of the “Annual Newspaper Day” sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi tomorrow, in the Union. Formerly head of the United Press at Barcelona, Spain, during the civil war there, he will speak on “Can We Believe the News from Europe?” The banquet, as well as the symposium to be held earlier in the afternoon, is open to the public^ Tickets for the banquet may be purchased from Sigma Delta Chi members or at a desk in the Union lobby tomorrow. The banquet will be held in the east faculty lounge at 6:30 p.m. “Trends In Journalism” The theme of the afternoon symposium will be “Present Trends in Journalism.” The program will begin at 2 o’clock with Prof. J. H. McKee, advisor for the Purdue chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, leading the forum. Allen Bailey, Editor of the Delphi Citizen speaking on “From the Weekly Viewpoint,” George 'W. Stout, editor of the Lafayette Jour-nal-Courier on “From the District Daily Viewpoint,” Norma Isaacs, managing editor of the Indianapolis Times on “From the Metropolitan Viewpoint,” and Bennett Wolfe, Indiana manager of the Associated Press Bureau in Indianapolis, will be the principal participants in the forum. At 5 o’clock Sigma Delta Chi, pi'ofessional journalistic fraternity, will hold initiation of professional members and at 6:30 members will attend the initiation banquet. McCartney Will Play For Saturday Mixer Saturday’s mixer will present the music of Jack McCartney and his 12 piece band from DePauw University, featuring Jack on Drums and vocals by Jack Harrison. This appearance will be one of the band’s last engagements before starting their full summer return engagement at the Pottawatomie Gardens on Lake Tippecanoe on June 8. McCartney has made two previous appearances on the campus this year. The first was at a mixer and swing session last semester, and also at the annual TAP formal in the Union ballroom in February.
Reporter V/atches From Hiding As Gimlets Initiate; Tells Tale
By Pete Stenzel Breaking into guarded Ross-Ade Stadium unnoticed Monday night, we were the first Boilermaker underclassmen to be eye-witnesses of the initiation to Gimlet, athletic booster honorary. As we lay there, carefully concealed, the actives and the pledges entered the south gate of the stadium singing, “Hail, Pmdue.” The first event was roll call and then the paddling began. The noise of the paddles came singing over the moonlit stadium while a car, equipped with a powerful spotlight, circled the stadium searching for intruders. It Even Scared Us Since Gimlet is an athletic booster honorary, the initiation consisted mainly of exercising. We could plainly hear the actives yelling to the pledges, “Faster! Faster!” as they touched their toes and paddles struck their posterior ends each time they bent over. The pledges then had a race from one end of the field to the other and back again. We could see the scared pledges run within a hundred feet of our
hiding place. Our backs felt as if they would snap as we lay still for fear of the consequences if we had been discovered. Over and Through Hurdles The next event was a race over the low hurdles. On the return trip the pledges were forced to ci-awl through the hurdles, the actives encouraging them with resounding whacks as they went through on all fours. Lining up at the south end of the field, the pledges formed a receiving line for the paddles qf their active brothers. At this point we Were rudely interrupted, not by an air laid, but by the noise of the Boilermaker pre-election rally, en-route to the Phi Delt house. Ah, Peace At Last Even above the noise of the rally, we could hear the rapid fire volleys of the actives' adept paddles as they cracked against, well, you know what. After an hour and a quarter of the rough stuff, the actives finally let up and all marched off the field singing^ “Hail, Purdue,” just as when they entered.f
yMmmlssstistH'jf », P . ' ” r
PVMDVE EXPONENT
Thursdlciy, May 16, 1940
Diamondmen Encounter Michigan This Week-End
Fresh from their thrilling 2-1 victory over Notre Dame last Tuesday, the Boilermaker diamond forces will journey to Ann Arbor this weekend for a pair of games with Michigan’s Wolverines. The two tilts will mark the completion of the Riveter Big Ten campaign which now stands at two victories against five defeats.
Highlight of the Irish encounter was the return to form of Bob Bailey, who held the invaders to a single tally and allowed only seven scattered hits. Against Illinois, Bob couldn’t get his fast ball “hopping” and was knocked all over the diamond by the Illini batters. In Friday’s game he retired in the third inning, and Saturday fared little better in the role of a relief huiler. Higgins To Pitch Gerald Higgins is slated to face the Wolveiines in the initial encounter at Ann Arbor Friday, while Bailey will be back on the mound in the conference finale on Saturday. Higgins will be striving for his first Big Ten victory of the season, while Bob will be attempting to climb above the .500 mark. Rain forced the postponement of yesterday’s practice session and Coach Fehring gave the squad a well-earned rest. Several of the local lads were nursing minor bruises suffered in yesterday’s clash and weren’t the least bit mad about the layoff. Play For Keeps While on the subject of bruising baseball, both teams seemed to be playing for keeps yesterday. Both pitcher Hunthausen and catcher Crimmins were shaken up in collisions at the plate while Pinelli suffered a spike wound in the foot during a little setee at second base. Hunthausen was forced to withdraw from the game after his encounter and Rex Ellis twirled the final frame.
WBAA
THURSDAY 11:00—PTA Program 11:15—March Time 11:30—County Federation of Clubs 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Music Without Words 12:16—Social Security Talk 12fS0—Meet the Band 12:46—Market Reports 1:00—Mary Johnston—soprano 1:15—^Flying Club 1:30—Elmer Carlquist 1:45—Monitor Views the News 2:00—The Apothecary 2:30—^Parent Forum 2:45—^Treasure Chest 3:00—Symphony Hall 4:00—^Tea Time Tunes 4:30—News of the Week 4:45—Story Book Hour
University of Georgia will offer more than 40 new courses next year.
—TODAY - FRI. - SAT.—
—2 FIRST RUN HITS—
FEATURE r The mernesf of all their .V- //
Boilermakers Face Hoosier Golfers At Columbus Saturday Boilermaker linksmen will wind up their competitive season this week-end when they meet Indiana at Columbus, Ohio, on Saturday and then remain in the Buckeye capital through Monday and Tuesday to take part in the Big Ten championships. Following the dual engagement with the Hoosiers on Saturday, the Riveters will have an opportunity to practice in Columbus on Sunday before teeing off in the conference proceedings. The Big Ten honors will be decided in 72 holes of medal play with the four best scores from the five-man teams being entered in the books. Coach Harry Allspaw announced yesterday that the Boilermakers will be represented by Captain Bob Hoffer and George Dahl, of West Lafayette, and Turner Curran, of Gary, as definite nominations. The other two places will be filled from Bob McKenzie, Sam Weldy, Bob Skinner, Doug McDaniels, and Hyman Goldstein following competitive trials yesterday and today. Cosmopolitan Club Will Give Dinner Dance Friday Annual dinner dance sponsored by Cosmopolitan Club, campus organization primarily for foreign students, will be held tomorrow night beginning at 7 o’clock in the Lincoln Lodge ballroom. A program will be held after the dinner which will include music by some of the members, a puppet show by Professor and Mrs. D. H. Patterson and the installation of new officers. James Shickel, president of the club, will be toastmaster. There will be games for those who do not care for the dancing, which will last from 9 to 12 p.m. Tickets are available at the west Union desk. Transportation will be provided for those who meet in room 304 of the Union between 5:30 and 6:00 p.m. tomorrow night.
S HEW j
STARTS TODAY TWO FEATURE HITS
iilfISH liimiGlMCi ( England*i famous spy-hunters ) — PLUS — What a terror . . , She can outrun . . . outpitch . . . and outfight any boy in the gang . . . IT'S FIRST RUN
Host Of Marks Expected To Fall As Riveters Battle Hilltoppers Close competition is expected all the way down the program when the Boilermaker track forces journey to Milwaukee this Saturday to meet Marquette University. It will be the final dual meet of the season for the Riveter thinlies, who have amassed one of the best outdoor records in the history of the school.
11 Straight Tennis Squad Faces Two Foes This Week
3>iiJdah’A
The Hilltoppers will be risking a record of 11 straight dual victories that was started back in February, 1939. The Boilermakers on the other hand have hung up four straight dual decisions this spring over Illinois, Wayne, Chicago, and
Michigan State.
Outstanding among the Riveter stars who are expected to pile up a large number of points Saturday, is Captain Allen Shackleton, who ran a 49 second quarter-mile against Illinois. Right on his heels will be another pair of local 440 stars, Burt Anthony and Danny Fisher, who also broke 60 seconds last week against the Illini.
Peak Form
Marquette’s squad, after an open date last week is coming back to peak form, but coach Conrad Jennings is still worried about the condition of three recent casualties— Harry Kinert, sprinter; Eddie Butler, quarter-miler; and Bob Monahan, half-miler. The other Hilltoppers, including the strong hurdle corps and the remainder of the sprinters, are in fine shape. New meet records are expected in every one of the 16 events Saturday. The Boilermakers nipped Marquette at Lafayette two years ago, but the contest was conducted in a driving rain and on a muddy track, as a result the marks were only mediocre. IM Schedule
BASEBALL
Thursday, May 16
Diamond
8 Waid 24 vs Ward 26 7 Ward 5 vs Ward 27 9 Cary Hall 9 vs Cary Hall 10 10 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 5
TENNIS Singles:
Beta Sigma Psi vs Alpha Tau Omega Sigma Pi vs Phi Kappa Psi Sigma Alpha Mu vs Pi Kappa Phi Freshmen: <, Stettner vs Kalbfleisch Armstrong vs Blustein Hensey vs Baughman ' Shafer vs J Henson or J Sells Class “B”: Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Alpha Alpha Tau Omega vs Pi Kappa Sigma Sigma Nu vs Sigma Alpha Mu Class “A”: Alpha Tau Omega vs Sigma Chi Theta Gi vs Sigma Nu Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 3 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 6 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 7 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 9 Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 11 Caiy Hall 13 vs Cary Hall 13 Cary Hall 14 vs Cary Hall 15
THE FREEMAN
. . . AND YOUR 2 EYES will sparkle when you see this attractive 2-Eye style on your foot. Large Vent perforations keep the foot cool, dry and comfortable. SEE IT, TRY IT, AND YOU’LL BUY IT A. B. C. Shoe Co., Inc.
406 Main St.
Phone 2001
Pioviding the lone home attractions of the week-end, the Boilermaker tennis squad will stack up against Indiana here this afternoon in the first of three Big Ten dual engagements scheduled in as many days. The Hoosiers will remain here overnight to face Ohio State tomorrow, and then the Riveters will meet the Buckeyes on Saturday. The three day affair will be the second of its type in that the local racquet-wielders will have engaged in, having taken part in a similar meet at Iowa City last week-end. The Boilermakers didn’t do so Well however, as they were defeated by both the Hawkeyes and Illinois.
Dr. F. B. Knlghf
. . . director of the division of education and applied psychology, represented the University at the regional conference on teacher certifications held at Columbus, Ohio, earlier this week. Accredited representatives from Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, and West Virginia attended the meeting. Professor W. A. Knapp . . . assistant dean of engineering, was elected chairman of the Illin-ois-Indiana Section of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education at a meeting held at Notre Dame recently. Professor M. W. Todd of the school of civil engineering was elected secretary of the society.
Qhoiai
By Robert J. Deckard RUSSIANS’ GREEK DOPE . This department recently rounded up Serge, Petrov, and Romanoff, But Incidentally’s Russian scriveners, and chased the trio off on a secret scouting trip to ascertain who were the “big guns” in the curr’ent University fraternity baseball league scramble. Yesterday the mad three returned, wild-eyed and excited, each carrying under his rider’s coat a plan for “On-the-Ball-Week-in-the-University.” —^fc— We quizzed these three riders of the steppes as to what ^hey had discovered while on the secret mission ... At first the Russians, who geographically are Cossacks, were noncommital as sticks, but finally Petrov, the best “balanced” scout of the three (they were drunk as a lord) managed to pull from his pocket a piece of plain paper with lines on it. —^fc— After fussing around quite a bit. Serge, tall, dark, and ugly, read to us what was written on the paper. . . . For us, the scribbling was harder to lead than Chinese hieroglyphics. But this is what we heard Serge say: —^fc— “We like as His Most Loudmouthed Majesty of the Sidelines, His Blatant One, His Obnoxious Personage, That Perfect and Potent ‘Heckler,’ Vernon Hosselman, Beta Theta Pi.” —^fc— With that, Petrov, “tighter” than a drum, saluted us most majestically, bowed gracefully like a bull away from our desk, fell headlong into a spittoon, and went “out” like a light. . . Serge and Romanoff followed suit. —^fc— We turned to our typewriter and wrote those famous words of Perdorovitch, a lowly compatriot of the three: “Highly irregular.”
-TODAY - FRI. - SAT.—
ROMANCE! MELODY! MANHATTAN! LANA JOAN TOMEE-BLUMBELL .. 6e@K0e leiBHY TWO GIRLS
BROADWAY With KENT TAYLOR • WALLACE FORD RICHARD LANE HITS YOU’LL HUM Broadway’s Still Broadway \ ' Maybe It's The Moon”,"* True Love ’ “Let’s Dance** — EXTRA —- POPEYE CARTOON
SMASHING THE AFRICAN ^MOND ’’RING’’! \ Deep in the fabulous diamond mines of South Africa where life is cheap and only the gleaming white stones are held dear.. a game of hearts is played — with Ijampnds trump!
■WHiliHiW
— 2 DAYS ONLYTODAY - FRI.
Frosh, Sophomores Open WAA Baseball Playoffs Selections for the three WAA class baseball teams hdve been made. They are as follows: junior and senior team, Westover, Schroder, Weishaar, Smith, Cook, Hoover, Thomas, Spears, Morehouse, Stickler, and Walker; sophomore team, Blagrave, Harrison, Pidgeon, Ade, Suttner, Reed, Kirkhoff, Metzger, Cox, Housekeeper, Laswell, Ward, and VanNice; freshman team, Emhoff, Glick, Ford, Cooper, Mennen, Blank, Walker, Steigerwald, Wampler, Dull, Vansickle, and Stewart. The three playoff games will be held at 4 p.m., with freshmen versus sophomores this afternoon, juniors and seniors versus freshmen Friday afternoon, and juniors and seniors versus sophomores on Monday afternoon. Members of the teams must participate in both games in order to obtain their WAA points.
CAA pilot training students have floAvn 80,000 hours •without a serious accident. Some 3,700 students have soloed.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
LYNNE OVERMAN'
A P«r«m«L t Piclire
— AND— TEX RITTER crashes through the toughest outlaw stronghold on the range...to rescue the girl he loves from a bandit chief! RIDERS fS. FRONTIER AND HIS HORSE "WHITE FLASUr
'DRUMS OF FU MANCHU' Serial
SUP SAtl
/V
3 GLORIOUS FABRICS ' of RustlingRayon Taffeta Shimmering Rayon Satin luxurious Rayon Crepe 1 * All 4 Gore • Full Bias • Pull Proof Seams
• Double Top Front and Bade THIEHE & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St.
* If
1
' Hi■■PW—gP " "' ’ <-f,' , \ 11 "i
Thursday, May 16, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Tau Kappa Alpha Holds Initiation Ceremonies Initiation ceremonies for four new members were held recently by Tau Kappa Alpha, forensics honorary. Following the initiation, a banquet was held in the Union. Joe Karnowsky, toastmaster, introduced Professor P. E. Lull, faculty sponsor of the honorary, and Professor A. H. Monroe of the speech department, who was the guest speaker at the banquet.
Two graduating seniors, Don Paarlburg and Joe Karnowsky, were honored during *the banquet. New members of Tau Kappa Alpha are Janet Morehouse, Gordon Belles, Dick Springgate, and Seymour Udell. Tau Kappa Alpha also announces the following as officers: Mark Keen, president; Charlotte Finney, vice-president; and Seymour Udell, s ecr etary-tr easurer.
John Held Jr., famed cartoonist, is now an artist-in-residence at Harvard University.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Suppliof
e Professional
'T>IACEverything for a College Education
Risk Dental/Clinic DR. RAUL A. RHK DR. LUTMER A. RIfK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th * AiMn - RhWM 97#!
e Florists
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner's Flower Shop Qaality Flowen Mein at 7th Phone 6050
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St. Phone 4711 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
e Rest. Supplies
e Dine
SPECIAL DECORATED OR CREST AND MONOGRAM CHINA GILLESPIE'S 221 W Col. St. Phone 6405
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
WHY PAY MORE? This smart, collar attached, pleated bosom tuxedo shirt made of striped pique is available in all sizes and sleeve lengths. Priced at $2.00.
A complete line of accessories The Topper Bow by Beau Brummell (all colors) $1.00 Cumber bund. Tie and Kerchief sets (blue and maroon) 4.00 Tie, Boutonnier and Kerchief sets (blue, maroon, green) 1.00 Cuff Link and Stud sets (all colors) 1.00
CUITHES SHOP INC.
Home Economic Clubs Will Banquet Tonight At 5:30 this afternoon the annual spring banquet of the two home economics organizations, Omicron Nu, honorary, and Virginia C. Meredith club, for home ec students, will be held in the lunchroom of the home economics building. At this time the Omicron Nu medal will be presented to the sophomore girl judged the most outstanding from the standpoint of scholarship, personality, and service in her freshman year. Treva Berry, ^loastmistress for the occasion, will also introduce next year’s executive boards for both organizations. Benedicta Conclaves of South America will be the main speaker in the after dinner program, although other students from other countries will also speak. All campus co-eds are invited to attend this banquet. Tickets may be obtained throughout the day from representatives in the various dormitories or the home economics office.
“So J Sez To The Cop .
99
It rained yesterday. On top of that our roommate ran out of toothpaste. We had already been out for two weeks. Our mouth tasted like the inside of a Russian peasant’s boot so we hopped into our Maxwell and whipped down to the village to get some toothpaste. It was still raining. * * jk We rode ’round and 'round in the rain. Not that we like to ride. We just couldn’t find a spot to quit riding in. There weren’t so many cars though. It was because of the yellow paint. Looked like an epidemic. * * Finally we deposited the Maxwell in the suburbs opposite the dairy barns \and hitch hiked in. We saw a cop on the corner, so we said “Hi cop.” We asked him how come all the yellow p^int. i He said it was pretty. * * * We changed the subject. The talk turns to co-eds as per usual. Our cop said though they were all right. Personality wins out in the end he said. We said yes.
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Inrier W. E. Smith JBoriiMM ll«uit«r D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, auuiaging editor; E. M. Antonini, senior advertising manager; 6. Schilling, co-ed editor; R. Jenkina, sports editor. Entered as second class matter at tha post ofltea id Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Cktngress of Ifareb 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized Januory 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly daring the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mall subscription $8.60. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, .N. Y. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director.
Night Editor, Fletcher
Ass’t. Night Editor, Pickerel
Day Editor, Justin
Thursday, May 16, 1940
but when a girl walks into a class room it isn’t her personality the fellows whistle at. He said we had a point there. a V We walked home, forgettirtg the Maxwell, and the toothpaste. It was still raining.
Freshman chess team at Union College, Schenectady, N. Y., is conducting matches via short wave radio.
Woman’s College of University of North Carolina annually sponsors a summer art colony in an Atlantic seacoast town.
Jimsd^ Jalh
KING’S All-Star Line-Up on Graduation Suits Made by skilled hands with extra quality worsted woolens that gives you a lot more value for your, ‘‘Clothes Dollars.” Models — Double Breasted drapes and three button Hollywood. Colors—^Teal blue, blue grey, blue green and green and browns. Polo Shirts $1.00 to $1.65 Slack Ensembles $2.95 to $5.95 KING THE CLOTHIER LAFAYETTE, IND.
Last week over three hundred representative students from colleges and universities in the East, South, and Middlewest were guests of General Motors Corporation at their New York World’s Fair headquarters for the purpose of discussing the “Opportunity for Youth in Building the World of Tomorrow.” Highlight of the program, the largest educational goodwill program of its kind ever attempted, was an “Information Please” round table lead by Clif Fadiman, question man for the radio program of the same name. On the answering end were Karl T. Compton, president of M. I. T.; Ernest M. Hopkins, president of Dartmouth College; Gen. Hugh S. Johnson; and Charles Kettering, vice-president in charge of research in General Motors. Here are a few of the questions and answers that were asked by the students and answered by the round table board: Q) Which is more important in getting a job, the letters on a Phi Beta Kappa key or the letters on an athletic sweater? A) Any employer who pays attention to either is a damn fool. Q) Is there any substitute for the profit motive in getting ahead in the business world, A) There should be but isn’t as yet. Q) Is it possible to jump up the ladder by marrying the boss’s daughter? A) Yes, but the rung might break. Also, some jobs are much more attractive than some boss’s daughters. Q) Will advancing technology increase unemployment? A) No. Eventually it will develop new products, cheaper products, create more volume of business and make more jobs. Q) Is it better for the college grad to start in a small business or a large one? . A) This depends on his equipment, both mental and physical. Q) Should the college grad take a factory job or look for an oiOfice job? A) Either one will do. The important thing is to learn how to get along with people . . . either kind .. . and to get oriented to the new situation. —E. I.
SUMMU lOIMUS Must Go in Our Gigantic Clearance Sale ^he pei^^ect euenin^ with . . . stars in your eyes, a song in your heart and dancing in an exquisite frock simply breathing the glamour of a spring night with each turn.E*/
'it UmC&A J
i4k
( ^ 4^4 -*• T
PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, May 16, 1940
Former Purdue Ed
dtinc £UyL dOuc Employed As Pilot
Br GcorrMn Schillinr
The butchei, the bakei, the picnic poods inakei are all oveijoyed at the soft bieezes and blight sun slnne Such enviionment puts the populai pastime of picnics in the limelight of student activities Eveiyvheie can be seen eds in spoit shuts and co eds in slacks piepaimg foi a trip to the picnic giounds Happy days H & H Tennis, golf, and dancing are still holding recreational interest as the jear draws to a close Tomorrow and Saturday are no exceptions to the general plan of social life The Pi Phis will celebrate spring with their annual formal dance tomorrow night This same evening, in the south ballroom of the Union, the S \E house will hold their fraternity spring dance, and at the same time the Pi Kappa Phis will entertain with a dinner dance at the chapter house H & H On Saturday night besides the regulai mixer in the ballroom, the ATO’s and their dates will dance at the fraternity house for the spiing foimal And the following Piidav night all eyes aie turned to the Caiy Hall boys who aie fea tming Glen Giey and his Casa Lo ma band for the last big Cary Club dance of the yeai On the following night the 25th of May, the Airpoit dance at the hangei will be the unusual happening of the even in a Then we all go home to get lead^ foi finals H & H Ed (to girl friend) “You should drink more water It will keep you from getting stiff in the joints ” Co-ed “Yea A good idea Only some of the joints don’t serve water ”
Arnold W Beyelei, foimei membei of the class of ’36 has been employed as a pilot for Eastern Air Lines, it IS announced by Captain E V Rickenbacker, president of the an line Beyelei was enioiled in the school of mechanical engineering, specializing in aeionautical engineering foi two years In 1936 he entered the naval an station, Pensacola, Fla , and latex he attended the army tiaining school, Randolph Field, Tex , where he graduated in May, 1939 Since that time he has been on active duty with the 22nd and 33rd pursuit squadrons, Langley Field, Va
Notices
CIieniMtrr 29 ConditiDiu Exanu will be held Bt 1 p m Saturday, May IS in Dr McBee s oftice in the Chem buildinK MeBEB
Credit Union There will be an important meeting of organizers and others interested at Wesley Foundation house on Thursday May 16 at 7 30 p m —BROWN
All Students Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year Blanks are at the Registrar s Office (B-28)
Silver Mask Meeting Thursday, May 16 at 7 15 p m in Room 306 of the Union —PITCHER
Chi Epsilon
Cosmopolitan Club Tickets for dinner dance Friday night must be purchased from west desk of Union by Thursday night Transportation from room 304 of Union at 5 80 Friday Picnic Sunday, meet in room 304 at 2 30 p m —SHICKEL
national civil engineering honoiaiy, announces the following initiates Geoige R Campbell, Mitchell Cash, A1 Kettler, Robert Koull, ADM Lewis, W C Martin, M L Moss, and M L Noiiis Faculty initiate is Ward B Millei of the CE depaitment
Senators All senators sign up before Friday May 17 for the annual banquet to be held Tuesday, May 21 —VOELKEL
Alpha Lambda Delta Pay 40 cents for initiation breakfast Sunday to Peg Davis in the women s lounge at 4 p m Thursday —DAVIS
Glider Club at 7 30 p iTi building
Meeting Thursday May 16, m room 304 m the Union
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — lypewriters All makes standard and poi table sold, purchased rented and repaiied New portable machines as low as $29 75 Supplies C F Ebersheff 605 Mam street
For Sale Underwood typewriter for sale Like new bargain if taken at once for cash Write immediately Box 225 Puidue Exponent c/o Ciiculation
FOR RENT Russ—Rent A Car Service Cais for all occasions Min $2 50 all night Phone ^1644
Wanted—2 men students for large down stairs room for September $22 60 per Mo Room and board Call 2160 176 Littleton
H. 6. Abbett
For Rent—Summer student rooms for fellows in new insulated brick home Tiled shower twin beds private entrance Reason able Ph 2143
LOST AND FOUND
Umveisity pui chasing agent, will talk to the GE 105 class in dis tribution, this morning at 9 o’clock in loom 306, Heavilon Hall Abbett will discuss the lecent sales pro jects which the students have caiiied out in his office
($5 00 Reward) to finder of my light tan gabardine top coat Coat has a military collar Finehley label and a zipper inside for lining Lost in ‘Blazer Sat night Call Don Samuelson, 6067.
Lost National Championship Music Med al Would appreciate gieatlv its return Reward Roy Goers 6028
MT 8 Seniors Final showing of the War Department Training films room 104 Arm ory at 4 10 p m Friday May 17 These films are No 19 2 reel sound Sensing of Field Artillery Fire and TF No 15 2 reel sound Reconnaissance and Occupation of Position (by a 76 mm battery of artillery, horse drawn) Attendance of senior is op tional others interested are invited —THOMPSON
Found Camera equipment Ownei claim by identifying and paying for insertion Call 46634 between “ to 9 p m
Boxers There is some boxing equipment in some of your lockers Please return im mediately all equipment to checkout room 5 16 40 BENNA
GOING-GOING- GONE
The few remaining copies of the 1940 DEBRIS will be on sale opposite the phone booths in the Union between 4 and 6 p. m.
$5.00
(DsbhiA, QompdsisL ^ampMA, ^vaJuujfJL
Double Protection for Your Winter Garments
Before you lay aside your winter clothes have them Crown Cleaned. All wool garments are moth-proofed by Monite Moth-Proof Process. This protects against moth damage. In addition we will return the garment in a moth-proof bag if you request it. No extra charge.
Crown Laundry
n JMUE C L E A N E w S S F FINE C t O T Jj E S
Fraternity President’s Council Special meeting for election of officers at 7 30 p m Thursday May 16 at the Pi Kappa Phi house —CATTERALL
Dbbris Juniers Interview schedule for Thursday May 16 is posted in Debus workshop Please be piompt —STRONG
Silver Mask All members please report to fieldhouse at 4 p m Thursday May 16, to judge finals of fencing tourney —PITCHER
Fieshman Engineers Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will meet with the Heads of the schools or curricula in which they have chosen to enroll in next yeAr Civil engineers will meet iil room 201 Civil Engineering Building Chemical and Metallurgical engineers room 101 Michael Golden Shops Electrical engineers room 264 Electrical Building Mechanical Engineers room 129 Electrical Building Mechanical Engineers room 129 Electrical Building and Public Service engineers and Engineering Law in the Con ference Room ground floor in the Executive Building —KNAPP
Newman Club O^icers retiring and newly elected meet in front of the field house at 6 p m Thursday May 16 —NESINS
Camera Club No meeting this week Get exhibit prints fiom Student Union office (6 19) GEPHABT
AH Engineer Workers Theie will be a staff meeting at 4 16 p m on Thursday May 16 All members of both business and editorial staffs must attend —GALE
Riding Club Election of officers Thurs day May 16 at 7 30 p m in room 364 of the Union —HARTMAN
Fencing Tourney All bouts must be finished by Thursday May 16 All bouts not fenced by then will be forfeited Keeler, Freyman Stonevic Koerner, Thran, Kaufman Plimmer Baciu McCaughey, and Ekebeig must finish today If you cannot be there call me at 71334 Leave reason if I m not in If you have a 4 o clock class come up at five —PITCHER
Sweethearts Cast All eligible persons who intend to be present at the tea dance Monday May 20 please sign up in Fowler Hall before Friday May 19 —ROBINSON
Debris Petitioners Theie will be a meet ing at 1 p m Saturday May 18 for all Debris staffs in the Debris workship —McNEIL
MT 8, Military Second Year Advanced Course Final date for make-up of work missed is Wednesday, May 22 —THOMPSON
Musical Organizations Those planning to attend the spring dinner please sign up with Miss Mann before Saturday May 18 —ROBINSON
Independent Students All men students interested in starting a new men s co operative house will meet in room 54 of the Union building at 7 30 p m Thursday May 16 —LUCAS
Pi Tau Sigma Picnic will be held Sat urday May 18 at 2 30 p m at G A's bee farm This is across Grant St from the new high school Election of officers at this time —DUCKWORTH
Catalyst Club Picnic Friday May 17 1940 Those who wish to go sign up m Dr Lovell 3 office by noon Thursday May 16 1940 Meet at Chemistry and Metallurgy Building at 4 p m —BBRGSTBDT
Phi Lambda Upsilon Election of officers will be held Thursday May 16, 1940, at 7 30 p m in room 106 of the Chem Building —HALL
All Students Outing Club hike to Potter s Hollow Sunday May 19 1940 Leaving State St and North River Road at 11 80 a m Bring bathing suits Call John Dodds 63293 or Dwight Cooley 66273 by Friday if interested —COOLEY
All Students Annual Scare Crow Ball sponsored by Purdue Religious Council will be held at Presbyterian Education Building Friday May 17 1940 9 to 11 p m Tickets can be purchased at any of the foundation houses or at the west desk of the Union from the foundation houses to the dance —WAGNER
EE Seniors It is imperative that the form in the main office of the EE building be complete by Friday May 17 Take care of this immediately —STRADLING
IF IIFIF’S 1 tim
II INF PICFUIF
The first thing she’ll notice about this white Dinner Coat is the way it puts you at ease—in fact, it’s the first thing you’ll see for yourself when you note its comfortable fit and carefree lines. It’s as easy to wear as any coat in your closet, hut probably a lot smarter.
Broad shoulders—close-fitting collar, drape that accents height—and coolness that keeps you fresh and smiling through the hottest night.
Just the set-up for after six. Just the set-up for a modest investment in good appearance.
aFM IFACI
FVFIIIC FIIMAF
>FII.S0
Single of double breasted tvth black Palm Beach Formal Trousers
Regular coats ijn single or double breasted that can be worn for formal occasions, sport coat, etc $11.75