s-s 1' 1 cT/'r" ? ^ i,
t U'>i ’ a %
®hc ?Pur£iuc TSxaamnt
Publislied Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4,1987
NUMBER 88
Junior Mechanical Convicted Of Cribbing Student Honesty Committee Rules D In Course Plus Three More Credit Hours For Gradwttion A junior mechanical engineer, convicted of using a crib on a i^ecent applied ipechanics test, has been given a “D” in the course and required to complete three additional credit hours for graduation by the Committee for the Promotion of Student Honesty.
This was the first case handled this year by the committee, which is composed of students and faculty members. Three other cases have been investigated by the committee since final examinations began, bnt these have not yet been completely dis-
posed of.
The student penalized for cribbing in this first case, whose name is being withheld by the committee, readily admitted his guilt, but pleaded extraordinary circumstances. Since he was failing in applied mechanics at the time his case came before the committee, the additional three-hour course was pre-
scribed.
Other Cases The other cases brought before the committee involved the possession of a crib on a final examination in applied mechanics, copying laboratory data in an electrical engineering course, and copying lecture notes in another electrical engineering course. Final approval has not been given by the University executive committee to the penalties imposed in the latter cases by the student honesty committee, and publication of the penalties has thus been delayed. Leadership Under the leadership of Prof. O. G. Lloyd, of the farm management department, the committtee has given consideration to methods for the promotion of honesty. All of the cases have been discussed at length before the imposition of the penalties. Other members of the committee are: faculty—^Professors G. C. Blalock, S. Fairman, H. Hunt, and F. C. Lewis, and Mr. N. Little: Btadent»«-R. J. Craig, W. T. Hunt, D. J. Royhans, and J. H. Shoemak-
er.
February 4, 1987 THE famous “kissing strike” that took college campuses by storm early this fall was started by a little blond co-ed at the University of Utah ... it seems that during a laboratory class, she pressed a glass slide to her lips, placed it imder a microscope and screamed when she saw thousands, yes millions, of bacteria dividing before her eyes.. —SOHURRYING home to the sorority to tell the girls of her discovery, she formulated the idea of germ-pass ing by kissing . . . —30— COjrEDS all over the campus took action and declared a “kissing strike” that included most of the girls. “Scabs” who refused to join with the “anti-osculation” drive rationalized to appease the anger of the striking females and to retain their par standard of exchange with the Utah men , . . -SOKISSING may not be so dangerous if you use the right technique,” argued one germ-defying co-ed . . while another suggested that al though bacteria may “go to town” under a microscope, they are pretty helpless in the dark ... ■■ 30— ANGERED at being deprived of romance, the men organized an Osculation League to combat the resolute women. The league’s first step was tp call a strike on all dates . —SO—THIS trend brought matters to a head. Science versus romance ♦ thre were no two ways about it. The men were unyielding so . the girls had to “kiss and make up,”
Co-ed Rush WiU Start
This Sunday Unorganized Girls Must Fay One Dollar Fee To
Register
Second-semester rush for unorganized girls desiring to join campus sororities will begin this Sunday at midnight and will last for six dajm, closing at midnight Sat-
urday, February 13.
All girls desiring to register for second-semester rush must do so tomorrow at 4 o’clock in room O of the Sfemorial Union
Building.
A registration fee -of one dollar will be charged anyone going
through rush.
Contrary to the practice of last semester when a definite date was set for pledging of girls, pledging may take place any time during
the period of rush.
Co-eds Beware! ShowSheets Copied
Vital statistics on about 30 of the ranking campus beauties found their way into private hands last night as certain conspiring reprobates culled choice telephone numbers from sheets submitted by co-eds trying
out for the Union Show,
Names, addresses, measurements, “legs, perfect,” “good dancer,” and and directors’ notations, such as “punk voice,” were all copied from the sheets, presumably for private
use.
Officials predicted the early apprehension of the culprit, and ITnion Show co-eds are warned against mysterious phone calls.
Red Mayfield To Play At TAP Formal “Red” Maxfield and his orchestra will play for the TAP dance, a closed formal dance being given on Saturday night in Allen’s Ballroom by members of the Triangle, Alpha Gamma Rho, and Pi Kappa Phi fraternities. The dance was first held last year and has come to be looked upon as an annual affair. Novel Attraction Bed is himself a novel attraction as he plays his trumpet in front of the band while directing th^m in many novelty selections and his sweet sophisticated swing music. Though the band is Ixxm Champaign, Illinois, Red only recently completed a long term engagement at the club Del Mar in Galveston, Texas, where he was at times featured with nationally famous orchestras.
Low Price Housing Studied For Use In Flood Areas President Ellictii. Submits *Test Tube Village’ Data William F. Bo^, regional director of the Bed Cross, speaking at a rdief conference at the Athletic Club in Indianapolis Wednesday, stated that the feasability of erecting new low price homes in the disaster zones rather than rehabilitate old structures ravished by the fiood, is being considered by Red Cross officials in Washington. He further stated that national officials were making a study of tiie University’s low-price housing plan. President E. C. Elliott has already sent complete data on the low-cost homes as developed here to the national Red Cross headquarters in Washington. Two representatives of the Lafayette Red Cross and the zeUaf committee here, Charles R. Deets, and Mary J. l^seberry, attended the Indianapolis meeting.
Union Board Naming Cast For Musical Students Supervising Production Of “Castles In The Air” Following an afternoon and evening of tryouts for the Union Show, the entire Union board went into session last night to name choruses and leading roles for “Castles In The Air,” the musical drama scheduled for March 13 at the Mars Theater. Selections made last night will be checked for eligibility at the dean’s office, after which the successful candidates will receive personal notification of their assignments. A complete list of the cast will be published in the Exponent as soon as final selections are made. Student Supervision “Castles In The Air” will be produced entirely under student supervision. Union officials are selecting
All those who participated in the tryouts or practices for “Castles In The Air” yesterday must be present in ^e tower room of the Memorial Union Building today at 4 o’clock. Attendance at this meeting is compulsory.
the cast, and expressed satisfaction with the quality of material available. Rehearsals are to stiirt under student management as soon as the cast is named. Candidates for leading roles were put through a complete routine yesterday. Tender love scenes and stem melo^ma found a dozen different interpretations as aspiring actors were put through the more tense scenes of the show. Chmuses Take Shape Dancing prospects narrowed to a select group^tlmirtiflitlded its toes in rhythmie cadence. Girls’ and boys’ (Continued on page 6)
Bo McMillin, coach of Indiana University's gridmen, celebrated his birthday by presenting two suggestions for a suitable name for Hoosier athletic teams: “Pioneers,” and “Crimson Crusaders.”
Subscription Blank for , ^urbut exponent Please enter my subscription for The Purdue I&ponent for the remainder of the school year. Enclosed find check, cash, or money order for f. ($1.60 by carrier; $2.00 by mail.) Name
Address
Read the Purdue Exponent to keep up with campus news.
Lehner To Address Co-op Association Anthony Lehner, member of the Indiana Farm Bureau and weO known co-operative educator, will address the Purdue Student Co-op-erative Association tonight at 7:30 in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. Lehner has worked in co-opera-tives both here and abroad. The committee in charge of the program invite all those interested to attend.
GampusPledge Dance Today Johnny Anunerman To Play; Require Pledge Pins Of All Attending All sorority pledges will dance to the music of Johnny Ammerman’s orchestra this afternoon in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building from 4 to 5:30 o’clock. Virginia Richards, chairman of the dance, urges all fraternity pledges to attend this affair, which is sponsored by the Pan-Hellenic Council. Pledge pins must be worn by all those attending the dance. There will be no admittance charge.
R^stration Total Reaches 5,000 Mark Freshmai Hare 1,897; Sophs 1,356; Juniors 891; Seniors 642 Nearly 5,000 students have registered in the University for tiie second semester, according to figures compiled by the registrar’s staff late last night. Unofficial figures placed the number of entrants daring the two day registration period in the Arm«ry at 4,983 with late registiratimis expected to raise the total well over the 5,000 nuurk. Enndleca The enroUees were distcibated among the classes as follows: fiteshmen, 1,897; sophomores, 1,^; juniors, 891; seniors, 842; special students, 64; graduate students, 203. Students are to begin attending dasses this morning, reemving assignments and names of textlKM^, with the work beginning in earnest tomorrow.
Former Fraternity Pledge Life Mild Says Harassed West Point Plehe
By H. L Stanbaek
Clfiditor’s Note: E. J. McGrane was a sophomore in the electrical engmeenng school last year, but received his West Point appoint* mmit in the spring and left before schotd was over. He is now attending West Point as a plebe.
Clip out and mail to The Purdue Exponent, 312 N. 5th St., Lafayette, Ind.
Edward J. McGrane, last year a DU pledge, writes from West Point that plebe activities there harass him no end. According to the “colonel” the fraternity board swinging just broke him in for the real thing which he is now enduring. Quotations from his letter indicate the nature of his “torture:” “The only thing I can say about this place in general is that if I thought I was lower than a snake’s bootblack when I was a DU pledge it was only a beginning for plebe year here at the Point. This summer certainly was hell. We didn’t have 10 hours to ourselves the first month. Monday to Friday it was drill, drill, drill, eight and one-half hours a day. Everywhere we went we had to double time. Sings Songs “The first of August we moved over to camp where we caught more hell. If an upperclassman felt in the mood he would make us come over to his tent and sing songs or some other damn thing. One Sat-
Science Aids Work In New Executive Buildup
Abbett Explains Efficiency Of ^^Romantic^^ Bookkeeping Machine
Twenty-Two Second Carrier System Cuts Clearing Time Efficiency and its promotion—^this is the kesmote of the office of H.
B. Abbett, University Purchasing Agent in the new Executive Building. The twenty-two second carrier system from the building to the Service and Stores Building has cut the clearing time between the Business Office and the Stores to onefifth that of the old method with no carrier. Some carrier system was absolutely necessary to Mr. Abbett, for he must not only be near his clerks, in the north end second floor but he must communicate with the Service and Stores Building. Efficiency To assist efficiency a Moon’s Hopkins Bookkeeping machine is used. Really a very romantic machine, but not as its name suggests. It does almost everyijhing. Thanks to this machine after a department has been issued some examination books for instance, from the stores, that quantity and its value are immediately subtracted from the previous amounts and recorded in one effort.
At any one time Abbett or his staff can find out how many 100 watt light bulbs (which he is using in the Executive Building) are on hand, how much each cost, and the total value. If he thinks he can save $500 dollars by buying a supply of bulbs December 30 instead of June 30 the reewd tells him how many he will need for a given time
period.
Accuracy In order that the machine make as little error as possible the value of each item is carried out to six decimal points—^to a millionth of a dollar as $0.008658 per examination book for example. There is in the Abbett office a record of every article purchased and its value. Supplies worth $45,000 on the average, are kept in the stores; 22,000 stores requisition blanks averaging $4.00 were issued. H. B. Abbott’s duty is to be able to meet any emergency and to buy with an eye to supply the nedds at as much saving to the University as possible.
^ExperimentalDesk^^Solves Problems Of R. B, Stewart^ University Controller
Douj[)le Line Phones First In City; Levers Control Wires “Come in and see the mysteries,” invited R. B. Stewart, University controller not very long ago. Mysteries there are in that new Executive (formerly called the Student Service and Administration) Building;K and Mr. Stewart explained them to us a few days later. The controller was sitting at his temporary “experimental desk” which he says seems to solve his problems. It is semi-circular. At his left is what he calls the “operating end” with phone and other immediate necessities handy. At the right is the “investment end” with information necessary to a controller, and directly across, at the center, he interviews “such as co-ed reporters.” This desk is made of beaver board, but soon its duplicate in wood will occupy the place. First in the city, days Mr. Stewart, are the new double line phones in the building, one of which enables Mr. Stewart to get information for you by phone from other
executives while you wait at the end of your line. Small levers below the dial operate the -wires. Very obligingly Mr. Stewart called on his phone to “Dan” to hold the wire while he talked with someone else for our benefit, returning to excuse Dan with thanks for his part in the demonstration. Outside Phone Dial “0” from any phone in the building and you have an outside phone without connection with the operator of the building exchange, who handles only incoming calls personally. Mr. Stewart e^lained that the clerks in the business and accounting offices are never interrupted by anyone wishing to confer with an administrator thanks to the singular arrangement of the offices around the open sides of the building, with waiting rooms in the center connected to the offices by direct corridors. All offices are thus amply sunlit. By night they are illuminated by excellent semi-indi-reet lights.
urday afternoon 1 had to sing fraternity songs for about 45 minutes. 'On At^ust 24 the plebes went on their plebe hike, which lasted four days. We marched about 55 miles with full packs and nfles on
our backs.
“September first academics began end they have been in full swing ever since. Football games ara the only things that break the monotony of classes and meals.
More Fun
“At meals is when we plebes really have fun—like hell. Tea cadets sit at each table, the whole four classes being represented. About three plebes sit at the foot the table. One is the ’coffee corpmwl* —^he pours all the hot drinks. Another is the ’water corporal’—he takes care of all the cold beverages. The third is the ’gunner’ who carves all the roasts and rations the food if the case may be such. “All the plebes have to sit at the table with a healthy “inace” on, and can only sit on the last tiuree or four in^es of tiidr chair. If an upperclassman wants a glass of wate#, he isn’t particubur about passing his glass—he just throws it, and woe be to the plebe who drops a glass. He usually can’t eat for about ten minutes.” Football Trips In bis letter Ed teBs bow the upperclassmen at the Point the plebes to “pull in their chins until there isn’t any more blood left in tbeir faces.” He describes tiie football trips, of which the corps makes four. McGrane teUs how tiie officers inspect the men after each trip and smeU their breath. According to him the “cards are hard indeed” for anyone caught drunk. Closing his letter Ed writes, “1 suppose there are quite a few things I am going to miss being away from Purdue. Particularly the Christmas party. Remember last year. Going to bed at three in the morning and then having to get up at five to dean up the house.”
Upperclassmen at the University of Buffalo are not required tq take any courses but those they deairew
EXPONENT STAFF
AU members of the editorial and sports staffs are required to attend the staff meeting Fd>-^ ruary 8 at 2 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Unban Building. Bring copies of dasa schedules. All soidiomores and fredunen must he presevA to arrange work schedule. —MOBRISsf if iW'-'f '"4
FmgeTwo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thufaday, Febniaty 4,1987
Penalties For Dishonesty
With the publication this morning of the first pen^ty given this year by the committee for the promotion of student honesty* student attention is drawn for the first time in nearly a year to the fact that this committee is still working and to the belief that honesty is still the best policy. However, complications in the working procedures for handling cases of student dishonesty must be untangled before the committee can hope to promote honesty rather than merely penalize dishonesty. The variation evident in definitions of dishonest practices in the several departments makes Ihe situation complex; things that are countenanced or even approved in one course may be strongly disapproved in another. Thus it is imperative that students leara early and definitely just what constitutes dishonesty in each course in which they are enrolled. If each instructor were to spend a few moments at the start of the semester in explaining his stand on the subject, the misunderstandings wp^d soon be cleared up, and no student could offer ignorance as a defense. The penalties available for dishonesty vary from failure in the particular piece of work involved to expulsion from the University. It is very important to each student that he know with what he is faced when he considered cribbing or other forms of cheating. If the whole situation were to be clearly defined and publicized, there would probably be far fewer cases to confront the dean of men and the committee.
Fire Protection
Just how safe is your property from fire if you are a resident of West Lafayette? This question was brought rather forcibly to the attention of a number of students recently when West Lafayette’s seemingly modem fire truck arrived at the scene of a fire bearing a crew of four men. Perhaps this was an unusual occasion; perhaps normally a larger crew would have been on hand, but unfortunately fires do not choose opportune times to break. Maybe four men constitute a sufficient number for a crew, but on this occasion, at any rate, this force proved to be sadly inadequate. Of course, in case of fire, passers by and those who are always attracted to a fire are willing to lend a helping hand. Even so, there is often utter lack of organization and inefficient utilization of those moments so precious in combating a blaze which has a head start. These impromptu workers are not correctly attired and stand much chance of inury and of damaging their clothing. Then, too, protection is paid for and expected even by those organizations which are normally tax free. Usually but one or two of the sororities or fraternities employ the department’s service during the year, yet every one of them pays a set fee, expecting that same service were it needed. Perhaps, since students really have little more than a passing interest in civic affairs, care should be taken not to criticize. Undoubtedly the system has been planned and is handled in the manner considered most efficient by city officials. Nevertheless, fire protection has a rather definite affect upon the respective rates payed for fire insurance, as well as being essential for the preservation of lives and property. So, whether the system is at fault or Tuesday’s fire was a freak, this fact remains. If there had been more man power present and a
$uri)ue exponent
ia ISW
1986 Member 1987 ASSOCIATED COLLEGIATE PRESS DistribntorB of COLLEGIATE DIGEST REPRBSCNTeD FOR NATIONAL AOVBRTIBINO BV National Advertising Service, inc College Pmbliskers Representative ASO Madison Ave. New York. N. y. CHICAGO . Boston . San Francisco Los ANGELES • Portland - Seattle
Entered as second class matter at the poet office. Lafayette, Indiana. DeUvered by mall, $1.60 per year; dellTered by carrier, $2.60
per year; sold by sliiKle copy, 1 cents.
HAIM omOB-812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF EdHoiwin-Cailer W. T. Hunt MaaaEing Editor ... ~ ... ..E^XL Morris Asaosirta Editora ......K. A. Barnette, 3. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Hanlon, C. L, Sadler Sopboasore Aasistonts W. H. Anthony, 0. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapim J. R. Clark, Ia S. Hardin, 0. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback. D. R. Vance E. H. KeUoKE, K. E. O’NeU,
Editor..
I Editora
Ad*<artislna Hanarer.
WOHENH STAFF ___..Helen Creech ..Jeanne Janouedi, Doris UeOartney, Elisabeth Pyke ....„...JBetty Barnett
BUSINESS STAFF BaBlneae Hanaawr....~........... Natknud Adrerthiiiw Hanacer...^....... Local Adrortieina Hanager. f*fl lllllirtTfTT aSawAyl. .
... R. J. Hulee »..L. EL Brown .J>. C. HiUer
J. P. Girard
SPORTS STAFF
.. L. D. Wood
ApMulato Editon—W, H. Fifldd, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
Imwp Editor—L. S. Hardin
little faster and more efficient organization* some five or more students probably would have sufficient clothing of their own to keep them warm and would not be confronted with the problem of dropping out of school, even before they have begun.—^L. S. H.
Religion And College Stndenls Just what is the attitude of the average college student toward religion? Are religious habits of pre-college days continued after enrolling in a university, or do new activities and intereste soon force the church into the background ? To a greater or less degree, the life of every college student is influenced in one way or another by the church. This does not necessarily indicate, however, that students take an active part in the work of the church. But the average student by no means forgets his church", daily his interest is indicated in many ways. Young people’s organizations in churches near colleges flourish for the entire school year. Though there is a wealth of talent and material available for programs and membership, the interest and activity is more than directly proportional to the number Available. Word of their activity finds a place in the columns of the newspapers almost daily, and innumerable young men and women find interest, fellowship, education, and friends in these organizations. The number of students present in church congregations on Sunday morning indicates that, to many, there is still something more important than a morning’s slumber. Dr. R. Wicks, dean of the Princeton Chapel, a man who has spent his life dealing with college students and their problems, recently explained the student attitude as one of perplexity and indecision. He states that all young people, especially college students, have a genuine longing for something—a something which they find very hard to define. However, by sincere participation in religious activities this desire or quest for something just a little finer and better is filled. Here and only here is found the answer* the reason for the quest of better things which makes life livable. So it can be said that though college students may not express excessive open enthusiasm for religious activities, there is a deaper quest for the word of God. As educated people they realize that real progress of the individual or of a nation is impossible without Him. They have ceased to regard religion as a deep, dark, formidable mystery and secret, and with the trend of times are seeking and finding religion in its true application to life and its problems.—L. S. H.
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER
The Labor Racketeer
Labor unions, when all has been said, are often pretty good things, provided that labor racketeers do not obtain control of them. Labor rackets, on the other hand, do nothing to help labor, but instead give the cause of honest unionism a big black eye. Just as communists flock to the scene of a strike, so do the labor racketeers flock to'bid for the control of a labor union. The racketeers are out for money—^nothing else. They see an opportunity to take over the management of a union through coercion and violence, capitalize upon that opportunity, and proceed to terrorize both employer and employee, incidentally taking in a little money. It is very seldom that the labor racketeer organizes a union; he prefers to step into a large, financially sound union, without taking the trouble to organize one. Occasionally he will take the time and trouble to organize a union in a particularly lucrative trade, but more often such organizations are in the form of “protective associations” for merchants and contractors. By taking over an established union, the racketeer secures the backing of the American Federation of Labor, at least in name. Thus it is very difficult for an outsider to tell just which unions are controlled by racketeers. At the same time it is hard to oust racketeers from the unions, for few men are courageous enough to do so in the face of almost certain death or injury.
Cornell has the greatest collection of preserved brains in existence.—^Prof. Jenkins, psychology, Cornell.
The flood backwashed JOHNNY KING into town . . . Louisville got just a little high for him ... he had a date Tuesday night and when he was asked how he cut his lip, he remarked “Why don’t these gals use indelible lip-stick” . . .
PEG DIX’S face has been pleasantly red for the past few days for the dear pie fi sisters have been putting her on the pan . . . DAN ROYHANS hasn’t planked his pin on her and these charming little girls think such a heart break to PEG is funny . . .
SEEN AT REGISTRATION: the usual bunch of Debris stooges trying to sell books ... AUGB PARDON and MARY ANN KELSAY trying to get someone to talk over WBAA ... the continual hum-drum of the loudspeaker ... frosh voting for their respective Student Senate candidates . . . everyone wondering how a good-looking teacher ever got into the cooking department . . . co-eds having trouble getting through the red tape of the Home-Ec school... “Shorty” PURCHLA telling why he shouldn’t broadcast over the radio . . . the Junior Cadet Officers strutting around in their new boots . . . seniors lost because they can’t understand the new registration set up . . . lack of the presence of HARRY HUGHES trying to sell SAA books . . . tired and pain in the neck expressions upon everyone’s faces . . .
DOC MILLER: When I started practicing medicine, I was poor, and I used to sit in my office day after (Continued on page 6)
ARC
TODAY—FRIDAY—SATURDAY
Ralph Bellamy and Margaret Churchill
“THE FINAL HOUR” —and— Jack Perrin
“DESERT JUSTICE” —also— Clyde Beatty in “DARKEST AFRICA” —plus— ‘LITTLE BLACK SAMBO”
TODAY—FRIDAY—SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
College is a place where pebbles are polislied and diamonds are dimmed.—^Robert Ingersoll.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus ac tivity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Couldn’t you get my appendix out some other place, Doctor? Pm a fan dancer!”
s hme. . . .
SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 Main St.
NEW MAlil
Today Friday - Saturday
-2 FIRST RUN HITS—
Triumphantly the Screen Presents the Play that Challenged Its Power!
Crowded houses sat enthralled for two tremendous years as the stage unrolled this swift* burning drama. And the critics voted it “the best play of the year.”
RKO'Radio now offers it as the best picture of the year ... a drama of unconquerable youth in love . . . flaming from the deep heart of a, great city.
With BURGESS MEREDITH and MARGO EDUARDO CIANNELLI
Hollywood Plundered Broadway to Bring You These Three Stars!
See them in the characters that moved vast audiences to triumph and tears. The height and depth of human emotion sears the heart like tongues of flame in this drama of the strange world within our world where hunger stalks the shadows, and fear is king.
—PLUS SECOND FEATURE^
Rinc RROUnD TH« mooiT
VERE HOBART
DONALD COOK ERIN O’BRIEN MOORE
Love on the rebound ... second choice marriagres ... stolen affections ... the storr of threo people who dared the Cioddcss of Love to ruin their lives. A powerful screen version of Vere Hobart’s sophisticated novel of Park AVeane Mt^ newspaper-row rowdies* and worldna; girls whom Heaven forgot to protect. A decidedly new kind of love story.SPORTS
Clie ^urbue exponent
Mitt
SPORTS
VOl-UME XLVm
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4,1987
NUMBERS
RAMBLERS DEFEAT PURDUE, 47-40
Boilermakers Without Services Of Lambert
Purdue Mentor in Bed With influenza; Boilermaker Rally Nipped By Final Gun
By Dick Obenchain
The Fighting Irish swept the Boilermakers off their feet as Notre Dame defeated Purdue, 47 to 40, before a crowd of 5,500 basketball fans last night at the Rambler fieldhouse at South Bend. The Boilermakers were without the services of Coach Piggy Lambert who is still suffering from an attack of influ-
enza. '
Purdue started a team composed mainly of reserves and Notre Bame was able to run up a score of 28 to 13 at the halfwit mark. Downby started the scoring when he scored a free throw on Moir's personal. The Ramblers came bajdc to score eleven points before the bewildered Boilermakers could score a single point. From here the Ramblers—who were no longer rambling but hitting a whirlwind gait— ran the score up to 19 to 2 midway through the first half. At this point, the Boilermakers made the startling annoimcement that there was another team on the floor besides Notre Dame and they managed to stage a small rally to bring the score up to 28 to 18 at the half. Belated Rally With but twelve minutes left in the ball game and the score 33 to 19 against them, the Boilermakers put on, a belated rally which brought them up to within striking distance of the Ramblers. Sines was the hero of this rally as the Purdue forward scored three fiidld goals and four free tosses to-score ten of the 21 points scored in ..tibese last twelve minutes of play. V Big Guns ^e lads who really were the big guns in last night’s affair were Paul Nowak and Johnny Moir, Notre Dame’s candidates for All-Ameri-can [honors. These two ^‘Fighting Iribb” scored 18 and 15 points, respectively. Besides Sines, Malaska and Young led the Purdue scoring. Pat collected eleven points on four field groabs and three free throws. Young gathered eight points all on shots from the field. In this game Notre Dame ^committed 13 personal fouls on which Purdue scored 14 points. Purdue managed to commit only nine misdemeanors upon which Notre Dame was' only able to capitalize three
times. The field goal column was quite the other story as the Ramblers scored 22 while the Boilermakers were only able to score 18.
NOTRE DAME (47) FG
FT
PF
Meyer, f
4
0
1
Moir, f-c
.7
1
2
Crowe, f
0
0
0
Sadowski, f .—
1
0
3
Nowak, c
6
1
4
Wnkovits, g ...
1
0
2
Brown, g
3
1
1
Totals
22
8
13
PURDUE (40)
FG
FT
PF
Hutt, f
.0
0
1
Zink, f
0
0
0
Young, f
0
2 i
Sines, f
3
4
Seward, c
.0
2
1
Mangas, g
0
0
0
Downey, g
1
5
2
Malaska, g
4
8
0
Anderson, g
1
0
2
Totals
13
14
9
^ ^ ^ ^ ^
-f' >•
-f
FRATERNITY BASKETBALL Court 1, Chapman 7:00—Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 7:15—Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Court 2, Abell 7:00—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 7:16—Sigma Pi vs. Phi Sigma Kap-
pa,
ALbAMERICANS
AfomE
'Pfldjj
eJofifd Mo/JS.
Moir and Nawok wmre the big guns* in the Notre Dame attack which rambled roughshod over the Roilci'inAkers last night as these two men scored nearly two-thirds of Notre Dames total points. Moir scored the most—15 on seven field goals and a single foul. Nowak, although he left the game on personals fouls, in the middle of the last half, was second with 13 points on six field goals and one free throw.
Eds And Co-eds To Compete In Program All students are eligible to parti cipate in the co-educational recreation program to be held in the Worn, en’s Gynanasium from 7:30 to 10 tomorrow night. The program is under the direction of the sportswomen and will consist of shuffleboard, deck tennis, volleyball, ping-pong, and badminton.
Featuring ; LULU BELLE The Radio Queen SKYLAND SCOTTY Smger of Mountain Ballads Prairie Ramblers Pokey Martin Christine BiOMdIiluskey Miss Pauline Patsy Montana
I LAFAYETTE ARMORY SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7
Shows at 2:00,4:00,7:00 and 8:45 P. M.
A
ADULTS 40c CHILDREN -i!i: Reserved Section Adnlts’ Tickets on Sale Now at Hook’s and " Hogan’s Drug Stores, College Inn Cafe and Deac’s. . ‘BKow BponsoreAby the Veterans of Fordgn Wars Post 1154
Fraternity, Ward Netters Meet Again Oass ‘‘B” Tournament Begins As Second Semester IM Activities Go Into Action The second semester activities of the intramural department are getting off to an early start as plans for both ward and fraternity class “B” basketball competitions are starting. The fraternity competition will he of a double elimination nature. Each fraternity has been sent a copy of the men who are ineligible for class “B” basketball. These men are those who played in any part of a class “A” game. All entries for this new tourney will have to be in by tomorrow. The winning team will receive a cup and individual medals, and all teams entering the competition will receive 25 participation points. The ward competition will be run off in a little different manner in that the teams will play in a four game -league with the eight best teams playing in a double elimination to determine the winner. The ward men are required to observe the same eligibility rules as the fraternity men and the lists of the in-
Frosh To Try Out For Intramural Manager Position Enterprising freshmen may now try out for the position of intramural manager—^the student who directs the many sports activities of the majority of men students. To start, the freshman will assist in conducting the intramural sports program by acting as referee, scorekeeper, timekeeper, etc. He will be expected to report to the intramural office in the Memorial Gymnasium every afternoon after school. At the end of the semester two sophomore assistant managers and one altei^te manager are selected from this group. One of these assistant managers will be elected intramural manager at the end of his sophomore year, the service terminating at the end of his junior year. The awards for this work are a trip to the Big Ten Athletic Conference in Chicago, an intramural sweater to the assistants at the end of the freshman year, a “P” sweater to the manager in his junior year and coupon book.
eligibles have been sent to the various ward managers. The first game in this competition is next Monday and all entries will have to be in to the intramural office by Saturday.
FAMILY
TODAY—PRI.—SAT. TWO FIRST RUN HITS
—And— PETER B. KYNE’S WESTBOUND MAIL sterains CHARLES STARRED with Rosalind Keith
Badgers Support Only Rawing Crew In Big Ten Loop The University of Wisconsin is aguin looking forward to participating in the 1937 regatta at Poughkeepsie. The last Badger crew to compete against the finest crews of America in this classic was the crew of 1931. Since that time the Wisconsin crewmen have been obliged to do/their rowing in the West because of the lack of finance in the University of Wisconsin athletic coffers. Wisconsin is the only school in the West, with the exception of Marietta College, which (supports a crew* Due to the lack of competition in this region, the Badgers have had to confine their intercollegriate competition to the annual race with Marietta. But rowing has not suffered as much as might be expected as over 400 students participate in this sport every year, and rowing is one of the major sports in the intramural activities of the students. . No Indoor Equipment Wisconsin has no rowing tank, all indoor work being done on the rowing machines, but it is otherwise well equipped for the sport, with five eight-oared racing shells .including a new Pocock shell, two eight-oared working boats, a 16oared training barge, and a coaching launch. Ralph Hunn, former Wisconsin coxswain and newly appointed Badger crew coach, is now training a varsity squad of 24 men and a freshman squad of 32, in addition to which he is teaching rowing to 108 freshmen, who have elected the sport to satisfy physical education requirements. Indoor Training Limited Because of the limited possibilities of indoor training, only the "Varsity” and frosh crews report for indoor practice while candidates for the interfratemity and other intramural crews report only when actual rowing on the lakes becomes possible. The Wisconsin crew averages about six foot two inches in height and 170 pounds in weight and only two of the present members of the "Varsity” have ever had experience in rowing before entering the uni-
versity.
Wisconsin’s 1937 racing schedule will include, in addition to the Poughkeepsie regatta, races with the Marietta College varsity, junior varsity and freshman crews, on Lake Mendota, May 22, one race with a club crew, to be selected, and probably varsity and “jayvee” races with the University of Washingtoli
crews.
I fielder’s.... | I* ....choiceI •■m^M-By Bfll> Walpole Another Bmlermaker Biography . . . Hiis time your tiaskethall captain James Franklin "Sunny Jim” Seward...
—fo—
Jim has been playing basketball since he was knee high to a grasshopper ... yon can figure out how long ago that was ... bom in Indianapolis on June 22, 1915, Sunny Jim is now at the tender age of 21 years, 7 months and a few weeks ...
—io—
Jim graduated from Slimrtridge High School in 1933, and in that same year was awarded the Gimbd prize for sDaronnd basketball achievmnent in the state tonrnament ... in that same tqnrney Jim set a scoring'record ...... 43 pmnts tar the .■i'3{ four games that has never bees equalled ... incidentally he established the reetard in three games . . . Seward was named an AU-State Indiana eenter that year ... and in June of ’33 finished up his Shortridge athletic oireer with a total of three lettmrs... two in basketball, and one in trade.
—fo—
As a track man, Jim ran the mile relay, the quarter, high hurdles, and took the high jump ... his senior year, he was school high-point man.
—fo—
' The baby of the family in years, Seward is six feet, six inches tali, and tips the scales at 190 ponnfe ... he has an older brothm: who graduated from Purdue in 1934 ... he has bln^ almost green eyes, owii rather dark brown hair ... *imI sleeps soundly ... we woke Mm np one dark morning between semesters at the early hour of 11 o^dodk ... with his fc«t sticking ont ni the covers....
—fo—
He is a senior in the medmnical engineering school, majoring hi administration ... he picked^ the j “Sunny Jim” from Bill Fox, sports editor of one of the Indianapolis newspapers his junior ^ear at S. H. S.... he loves to swim and fi^, with special emphasis on the lattw , . . his favorite movie stars are Myma Loy and Joan Crawford....
—fc—
Jim hasn’t any hobby that he can think of, but we understand that he spends most of his spare time at the Theta House... he is a member of Gimlet and Phi Kappa Fd ...llteliiiiBiiliMittitfaiA
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
SPABESSNDAHL Mcrdiaiit Tailor Hotel Fowler 4tfi and Ferry
Domer*8 Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7tli Phone 6050
Which One Is Rially Dangerous?
T4m$ FELLOW
iS
KEPT OUT OF circulation
IM NAPOLEON
r
i'm sir MALCOLM CAMPBEU!
FELLOW {
2Vaw{<r« Itu, Co. Sgfttv SmUi,
The driver only has the privilege of using the streets and highways as long as he does so in a proper manner. Notwithstanding that this principle is generally recognized, it semns to be difficult torid the streets and highways ot riie careless and reckless driver. It seems to be the impression, in theory as well as in practice, that a person should be permitted to drive as he pleases as long as he is able to pay for the injuries or the damages he causes The fellow who, for example, thinks he’s Napoleon—everyone knows the type—isn’t allowed to run loose Not at all. Even if such a person isn’t put somewhere to be cured, he is not permitted to play around with potentially dangerous Implements. •But how about the driver who
thinks he’s Sir Malcolm CampbellT That is the fellow who thinks that he can do anjrwhere from 60 to 100 miles an hour on the highway, and very often does. Shouldn't society demand that such a driver be kept out of circulation? The answer to that question, will depend largely upon how many think they are capable of driving at excessive speeds. People have been heard to say, “Well, maybe what you say about speed is true, but it’s different with me because I’m a good driver." The driver has yet to be found who admits he may be a little under par at times. Often the more under par a driver may happen to be, the more he is likely to think he’s a Sir Malcolm Campbell. People are funny that way. ^
15 ONLY
STUDENTS FLEXIBLE
DESK LAMPS
WITH LONG CORDS
Brown or Green While They Last HAYWOOD’S
80c
5th and
Ferry
Scribe Fails To See FuJfilhnent Of Tradition-^Misses Chance Herself
By Dorothea Justin Cold, moonlit, and still was the night. Hand in hand, down the library walk from the Union Building strolled a tall young man and your Exponent scribe. Through the shadowy recesses of the trees by Hie Library Hiey stopped, and peered stealthily toward silent Heavilon Hall.
Nearly midnight, and they saw no suspicious figures lurking in the gloom. Satisfied the couple walked on, turning toward Heavilon Hall. Something in the smooth swing music of the mixer orchestra had inspired them. They were on a quest! 'The beauty and mystery of darkness penetrated the barrier of the yellow-gleaming electric lights that shone from the buildings, and added to the feeling of fun, conspiracy and devilment. Plasdng a joke was not their aim—a simple college prank was all they planned. Boilermaker Tradition
Too, a fulfillment of a college feeling and proof that some of this year’s student group knew and honored one of the oldest and quaintest college traditions were sought. Aqd what could be pleasanter than to see a loyal Boilermaker acting on a hoary tradition—^a tradition so revered that it is one of the strongest on the campus? 'The tradition is almost a postulate. A girl attending the University is not a true co-ed, so runs the legend, until she has been kissed under the shadows of Heavilon Tower at the stroke of twelve midnight. Your scribe with her date had, on the thought, left the dance a few minutes early, hoping to conceal themselves in a convenient place from which they dould see and hear any engineer converting
a lass into a bona fide University co-ed. Bold and Black might be interested too. Find Steps Cold So the research workers among traditions settled themselves on the cold stone steps, leaning against the dark brick of the Heavilon Hall tower. Pour minutes before the witching hour. Would any be along at the tower soon, to honor the old tale? Expectancy grew higher. Possibly two persons from the mixer, or just on a stroll through the cam-
pus might remember. Who would it be? Would it be anyone? Beyond the lights a silver moon shone. Surely its magic would kindle rombnee. The quiet campus had beauty aud dignity not apparent during Hie dayfight hours. Two minutes before the hour. Someone had just come out the West door of the Memorial Union Building. The girl was laughing. It seemed a good omen. To the right, on Grant street, an amorous pair passed, not turning to the campus walk. Heavilon Hall wasn’t needed in that case. Bong! Clearly the chimes began. Striking the twelfth hour. None had come to follow the venerable rite of becoming an authentic by all counts University co-ed. Alas and alack! Your scribe’s fond hope to see the ceremony faded as the last note ended in the air. Regretfully, she started to rise, and then did stand up hurriedly. The tall boy beside her—^the sjrmptoms were unmistakable! She began walking away. It was after twelve o’clock anyhow.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop
in Um VARSITY BOOT SHOP
KEYS Keva for tmnka, door locks, dsA lecks^ nicht latches and padlocks. Ante kegrs and handle leeks a speeialtr. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayotto, Ind.
The thinkfaMT feOow calls A YELLOW y-S FORD TAXI CAB Black Cara for Bpcdal Occaeiens 2Sc per pasacocer any part of flie city 8828 PHONES 8871 YELLOW CAB CO.
“DEAC”
WfflPay40%Ca{difor SECOND HAND BOOKS
All Purdue Text Books and All Supplies Used at Purdue For Sale
H. C REISNER’S BOOK STORE “DEAC”
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker
This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 822 Ferry St.
Opposite Post Office
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
The Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. BISK DB. BOBBBT G. BISK DB. LUTHBB A. BOUC
400 Schnltx Bldg. Phone 5701
Thursday^ February 4,1987 I I III Iff in (Ill liiiiiiiiiii
mr.fiimtersSend
SOCarJoadsOfFood To Flood Refugees
New York farmers, whose state was fiood ridden last year, ai» sending at least iO cailoi^ of fiood and some cloiMng to Rood sufferers in the Ohio River flood area. T. A. Coleman, assitant director of agricultural extension fior Purdue University, announced the receipt of the following wire from L. R. Simons, director of extenirion for Cornell University. Simon’s wire: “The New York State Extension Service has organized farmer reli^ committees in each county and is shipping to flood areas this week 50 mixed cars of food and some dothing as contribution from itsrm pe<q[>le. Each state farm organization represented on county committees to assemble and ship in cooperation with Red Cross. As many as 200 farm men and women committeemen are op^ting in a single county. Anticipate goal of 50 cars will be greatly exceeded.’’
Indiaiia eouttly flood aiea, who have been tot dfliy almost night and day giving hevoie service to flood sufferers in the country and nlso dty, ere now heading up not serving on local grdupS^to^fdd’ttie stricken farmers, many of Whom Jiave lost alLof i9^r personal isMjfL eiiy, hteluding hvestodk, work am* »Mds and eqidinnait.
■RBait
Bcobse’s 6 REBlMANDTHTUiHlEH PorUralts Photo Suppliio 105 Fine St W«i*
B. J. BATH Waiteh MotMT 608 MainStiott
ntONi^
PA'TRONIZ^ THE EXPONENT
iyerhsers
WORK SUITS
SAVE YOUR GOOD CLOTHES
For
5 Engineering Students in Foundry and Machine Work I Agriculture Students in Judging and Ag. Engineering
Grey—Blue—White and Hickory Stripe —Sizes 36 to 50— $1.50 - $2.00 - $2.50
J. C. PENNEY CO.
Lafayette
Turn Your Assets
Into
PA SIT JTl
IF YOU HAVE: Rooms for rent Boarding accommodations Books, clothes, guns, cars—anything you want to sell
Let an Exponent Classified Ad Help You ¥md a Buyer,
CALL 5038
For Detailed Information Concerning Exponent Classified Ad.I i
s
TSE PURDUE EXPOMEET
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. Ebershoif, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Good Printing—Painless prices. Past service. Near as your phone. Call 6206. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th street.
Rooms For Rent—166 N. Grant, across from Civil Building. Phone 2228.
Flat Top Desks—^Two metal adjustable chairs, each $1.60. (Books, lots of them.) Back numbers of magazines. Moores Colonial Market, 220 North 6th street.
Room For Rent—^Large study. Comfortable bed, plenty of heat. Mrs. King, 222 Marstellar. $9 per month.
Rooms For Rent—^Newly furnished with single beds. Accomodations for 8 or 10 boys. 434 Littleton street.
For Rent—Large, light, double front rooha, near bath. 461Vi Vine street.
Rooms For Rent—^At the Gold and Black, 366 Northwestern avenue. Phone 41961.
For Rent—Single room, good location, 249 Chauncey. Phone 81291. For Rent—Half of double room, 211 Sheets street. Call 86773.
For Rent—One single student room. 322 W. Lutz avenue. Call 66024.
For Rent—Single room at 136 Chauncey. Phone 66364.
For Rent—West Side student room adjoining bathroom. Private entrance. Phone 41671.
For Rent—Single room, good location, 249 Chauncey. Phone 31291.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
NOTICES
Ns noticw MCEplMl after • p. HI.
Freshman Fenains—^Freshman fencing arm start Febmary 9 at 4 p. m. There will be a meeting in the fencing room which is located at the south end of the fourth floor of the Recitation Building. —LACEY.
Ce-ed Physicsl Education—Home Economics and Science sophomores qualifying for a license to teach Physical Education should register for PEW 60 Tuesday-Thursday at 1 o’clock instead ot Saturday 10-12. See Miss Hazelton at registration if there are conflicts. —HAZELTON.
W. A. A. Badminton—Sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium before February 8, if you wish to participate in the Badminton tournament. —MAIER.
W. A. A. Basketball—Girls wishing to participate in the intramural basketball tournament must sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gym before Febm—SHAFFER.
P. E. W.—A new bowling class for beginners has been added to the winter term schedule. This will be held Wednesdays and FVidays at 9 a. m. —HAZELTON.
Junior M. T. $—Juniors who have signed up for dlstingpiished squads meet in room 108 of the Armory at 4 p. m.rFebruary 4. —GRAVES
Alpha Phi Omega—Important business meeting February 8, in room D of the Memorial Union Building at 7:80 p. m. for election of officers. —KUECK.
Alpha Zeta—Meeting F^mary 4 at 7:80 p. m. In the peasant room of the Memorial Untott Building. Important. -HARDIN.
Men’s Glee Club—Compulsory rOhearsal on F^ruary 4 at 7 p. m. in Eliza Fowle# HalL . —COMPTON.
WBAA Operators and An>iranto—Meet in Studio A of Electrical Engineering Building February 8 at 4 p. m. ___ —LAWRENZ.
P. I. A.—Regmiar Friday dance class will meet promptly at 7 p. m. February 6 in ballroom. BUTCHER.
W. A. A. Swimming—^Practice for intramural swim meet February 4 at 7:80. Open swim at 8:80. -TUBBS.
Concert Choir—Rehearsal, 4 p. m. February 4. —STEWART.
Union Sophomores—All appear in the subbasement at 4 p. m. February 4. —REED.
Glider Club—Meeting February 4 at 7:16 p. m. in room A of the Union. All members of last semester are urged to be present. —O’NEAL.
Baptist and Short Course Students—Coming out party in church basement Febiruary 6 at 8 p. m. Virginia Slocum and Clayton H^l are in charge. —SCHATZLEY.
Kappa Delta Pi—^Meeting in room D in Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. February 4. —CHANCELLOR.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—^Meet in the office at 7 p. m. February 4. —JONES.
Union Committee—Ny committee meet in the Union office at 6 p. m. February 4. —REITH.
W. A. A. EowfingMTiro prsettSM aecas* sary to enter intraranval bowlfng toumep. Please get these In and report to poor matt* agers befmre February 9. —BOEHM.
Orehesis Tryouts—Tryouts for membership will be held at 4 p. m. on Frinmary 8. —ELLIS.
Hortictdtnre Club—Meeting February 8. at 7 p. m. Dr. Hange will talk on vitamns of agricultnral products. ' —TOWNSEND.
Independent Staff—^Meeting at 7 p. m. on February 3. \ \ ' —COX.
W. A. A. Ping-Pong—Following gmmes must be played by Febmary 6: Edam vs. Lemon; Yerkes Vs. Reverda; Rieth vs. Reichers; H. Plank vs. Gossard; Hosack vs. Clymer; C. Davis vs. Bouton; Reece vs. Slinkard; Kusmitz vs. G. Baker. Be sure that your score is recorded on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gym. —MAIER.
WAA Council Arranges Schedule To Indnde Badminton, Tnmbling
At an important meeting of the W. A. A. Council held last night, a schedule for the month of February was planned. Volley ball, basketball, badminton, tumbling, fencing and ping pong will be played under the direction of the various leaders. The first freshman practice for girls interested in volleyball will be held this afternoon. In-
foran^on eottee»oti^ nther pate<^ tiee dRte# will be pOiXbM ftt Vjxpomnt, RdglbaHr Girls nmy take part M eHimr dla«i basketball or voBeybaO but net fa both. This does not prevent ghlff from participating in boUi infnto mural basketball and voBeybalL Girls who have nnremoved C heallb grades will not be eligib^ fof badminton and basketball. All those wishing to play in the basketball and badmint^ toinnnuto ments shotild plan te attend An demonstration games to be hiM on Tuesday, February 9.
WBAA
11:50—^Purdue News Fbuhen. 12:09—Notm Mriodim, AnNHM contraltot. 12:16—^Luncheon Dance Muefe. 12:80—Scientifie News. 12:46—^Noon Husieale, Glen
guitar.
1:09—^Yon and Your HeaHb. 1:16—National Parks. 1:80—News Oddities. 1:46—Markets. J. R. Hays. 2:00—Weather Reports. 2:16—^Musical Albom. 2:80—Songs A Melodies. 2:46—Treasure Chest, Robert Horn. 3:00—^Musical Moments. 3:16—Education and Society. 3:80—^Afternoon Musicals.
Crws.
»»»LARGEST
USED COLLEGE TEXT BOOK STOCK
IN THE WEST
SOUTHWORTH’Si' r'X^’ j
-. I
CM^ Bat
TBE fVBDUi EXl^ONENt
Spedal Broadcast Plans Completed PlMUi for » Special broadcast were completed by the Mother’s Day broadcast committee, from the Indiana Home Economics Association at a meeting' held at the University last Tuesday. The broadcast will be held Saturday, May 8, from one to onethirty p. m. in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. Mrs. Lawrence Clendenning of Prankfort, president of the association, will be the principal speaker. She will speak on “The Relationship of the Association To The Mothers Of Indiana.” This talk will be dedicated to the late Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith.
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 496S
Art Associatioii Shows Two Exhibits Two interesting exhibits are being shown by the Lafayette Art Association in its galleries in the Ross Building. In the first exhibit there are 48 pictures by the Ohio Water Color Society, which is an organization of artists similar to that of the Hoosier Salon. Colw Prints The other one consists of 112 color prints which are the work of the members of the Redfem Color Print Society, London, England. The prints, which are made from linoleum blocks, depict outdoor life, athletics, landscapes and flowers. The collection will remain until February 26. The January exhibit of Will Vawter’s paintings will be shown until February 8.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOW I
YWCAWill Seek Aid Of Campus To Help Flood Refugees In cooperation with the American Red Cross, the Y. W. C. A. is taking contriWtions of money, towels, and toys for fiood refugees. Members of Y. W. C. A. will call for any donations from sororities, women’s residence hall, and rooming houses. The'^ money received will be used for toweling. There is a great need for towels in the flood district. Students who want their donations called for telephone Pat Jones Uncalled for contributions should be sent to the Y. W. C. A. ofiice.
Dated Named For Contest Registratioii For Han* ley Speech Gompetitioii Now Open Students who wish to enter the Hanley spech contest for University engineering students must register on forms which may be obtained either in the office of Prof. A. H. Monroe, chairman of speech staff, in University Hall, or in the office of Dean A. A. Potter, in the new Executive Building. , Contest Dates Competition in the junior division of the contest will be held February 18 and that in the senior division, February 24, Professor Monroe annoimced last night. No entries will be accepted during a period of two days previous to the contests. The winner of the junior division of the contest will receive a copy of “Financial Handbook,” by R. H. Montgomery, while the winner of the senior division will receive a year’s subscription to Fortune magazine.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LAl^N, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
-9UDDCN ^ItVICE
RINTING. OMm SMtaMur.P
PHONE “
^ 61 • CAS3EL*S
P
"DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING fur M COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
.For MIetter Going in the New Senneeter^^ USE THE PEN WITH TELEVISHm INK SUPPLY
Sorority Mothers’ Hold Meetings Alpha Chi Omega Mothers’ club held a Valentine box-supper meeting at the chapter house last Tuesday. A seit of four silver serving trays was Vpresented to the chapter house by the Mothers’ club. Pi Beta Phi Mothers’ Club sponsored a Valentine card party in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building last Tuesday afternoon and evening.
Hav^ your hat Crown Cleaned and Blocked—our new method makes them repellent to water.
You’ll get clothes economy at lowest cost if you use Crown Cleaning Service regularly.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
B andB (Continued from page 2)
day, thinking about and waiting for patients. I was like, indeed. Patience on a monument. Student: Now you have monuments on all your patients. ED KORTY and MARY ELLEN FORESMAN blew up at the dorm several days ago because VIRGINIA WILKING and VIRGINIA GOULD played around and caused some trouble while the aforesaid couple were conversing on the telephone . . . the result was that an apology was sent to KORTY for disturbing his conversation . . .
WHATA WOMAN There was a young woman named Bright, Whose speed was much faster than light. She set out one day. In a relative way. And returned on the previous night. HMman. FOR THOSE WHO REGISTERED YESTERDAY Buck, up, old fellow. Don’t let it get you down. Me^ failure with renewed determination. Instead of with a frown. Pitch and give it all you’ve got, Like the fighter with the sounding gong.
Sometimes it takes a failure, * To show us where we’re wrong. I know it seems so difficult, But aren’t all things wdrth. while? We think a lot of you, old fellow. Come on, let’s see you smile, T. K. E. Poet C?)
Union Selects Cast (Continued from page 1)
choruses began to take form under the steady weeding out process that began last Tuesday. Pictures of the tryouts, including an enticing picture of the giris’ pony chorus in action, will appear in an early issue of the Exponmit.
a Claudette Colbert says: throat is safest with a light smoke”
**An actress* throat is naturally very important to her. After expert menting, Vm convinced my throat is safest with a light smoUe and ihafs why you*U find Luckies always on hand both in my home and in my dressing room, I like the flavor of other cigarettes also, but frankly, Luckies appeal most to my taste,**
STAR OF PARAMOUNTS FORTHCOMING «MAID OF SALEM” DIRECTED BY FRANK LLOYD
A,
For It Lets You SEE Days Ahead If It Needs Refilling and Holds 102% More Ink Than Old-Style Millions of moderns are now placing their old “blind barrel” n with this revolutionary Parker Vacumatic because ibis sacless marvel ends writing "the hard way.” When held to the light, it lets you see the ENTIRE ink supply, hence won’t run dry at some crucial moment. And because it has fewer parts—^it holds 102% More Ink. Its ScratchProof Point of Hatinum and Gold eliminates "pen dri^.” Its lustrous laminated Pearl and^Jet desi^ is a wholly new and exclusive 8t3de. Tins Pen is carried by more college students than any other two makes COMBINED. It won the recent Pen Beauty Contest by .a vote of 2 to 1—^was awarded by the All-America Board of Football to the 90 outstanding players of 1936. Try the Parker Vacumatic at any good store selling pens. Identify the
iXi independent survey was made recently among professional men and women—lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc. Of those who said they smoke cigarettes, 87% stated they personally
prefer a light smoke.
Miss Colbert verifies the wisdom of this preh erence, and so do other leading artists of the radio, stage, screen, and opera. Their voices are their fortunes. That’s why so many of them smoke Luckies. You, too, can have the throat protection of Luckies—a light smoke, free of certain harsh irritants removed by the exclusive process 'Tfs Toasted”. Luckies are gentle on the throat!
THE FINEST TOBACCOS— ”THE CREAM OF THE CROP”
A Light Smoke
' To Make Your Pen a Sslf-Cluansr .-■•rite with FliHixr Qaitt*. the new quidi:flryiKN ink that diiwlvea dNiouts left by peiKlogging inks. lS&25caodup.
SUASANTICD MltHANICAUY PIRHCr Junior, $5, dStih P*ucll$, $2JS0, OvoT’SIzu, $10 WBV I3A0 and $S
"It’s To£isted”-Your Throat Protection
AGAINST IRRITA'nON-AGAINST COUGH
Copnlglit 19Sr, Tbe AmcrlCAD Tobacco Conpiny
HiliH