mmm *5 , /jj -^yi^
T^n
Wf I
* •'i\. 1
y'f s
[ EDITORIAL Discusses Future «. Of Independents
What Not To Say
MERRY-GO-ROUNrj Possible Fourth Term '*': YZ^
(Volume 56/ No. 45
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, August ^ fSMf3
Gold Pepper Elects Ed Neese To Edit
Wedge, Roblee, Curry, Reed Officers
DON TSOMAS President
LOUIS FISCHUR Vice President
WILMA J. PALMER Secretary
LOIS CALDWELL Treasurer
Student Senate Elects Thomas, Fischer, Palmer, Caldwell To Fill New Offices
To Hold Positions Only During Intrasession; To Edit Handbook Student Senate, at a meeting August 9, elected the following new officers: Don Thomas, U. S. Navy, V-12 and a member of Beta Theta Pi fraternity. Gimlet, Iron Key and Alpha Phi Omega, president; Louis Fischer, 7th semester chemical engineer and a member of Theta Xi fraternity, vice president; Wilma J. Palmer, 7th semester Home Economics student, member of Alpha Chi Omega sorority,
Schwehn, Morgan Win Tennis Finals
Display Daily Activities Of
Brink, Trueblood Winners Of Morrow
Navy Fliers Plane Projed Contest
Gold Peppers, secretary, and Lois Caldwell, 7th semester Home Economics student, active in YWCA, member of Alpha Chi Omega sorority and
Gold Peppers, treasurer.
The Senate plans for the new term
In the tennis mixed-doubles finals, Schwehn and Morgan defeated Cooper and Walsh 6-1, 6-3. Walsh
. and Cooper defeated Monahan and include the editing of its usual jjyman in the semi-finals with
scoies of 6-3, 7-9, and 6-4.
Chi Eta Epsilon . . . local Chemical engineering honorary announces the initiation
freshman handbook and continuation of its program oi aid to war activities, among other thingsThe Student Senate functions as the representative student governing body of the University, and car-
ries on both legislative and admin- of the following students: Robeit ijStrative activities. It is in charge Hansen, Lloyd Jeske, “Frank Wise, ijf all campus elections, edits the Forrest Day, William Tyson, Edfreshman handbook, conducts a fac- ward McCombs, Marshall Bush, hUy rating program, and runs a lost Wayne Brewer. Officers for the ^nd found service. It has power of following two semesters were also reqommendation to the Executive announced at this time. They are Conncil of the University for ap- Samuel Hite, president; Gerard proval on all issues peitaining to Vriens, vice-president; William Tysti^dents and faculty in which it does son, secretary; and Forrest Day, not have legislative power. treasurer.
Daily activities at the navy flying school located at the University airport will be revealed in a window display beginning tomorrow in the Decker book store at 518 Main
street.
The purpose of the display is to answer some of the questions existing in the public’s mind about the work being done at the school. Panels of un-posed photographs taken by commercial photographers during-! a normal day at the school will show students in their class rooms, living quarters and in actual flying work. The pictures include men “rolling out” in the morning, studying navigation and reconnoitering, preparing for flight in the “ready room”, and walking up the “flight line.” In addition to the photographs, actual flight paraphenalia such as winter flying suits and parachutes will be displayed. The school, whose official title is the Purdue Navy War Training School, IS for flight instiuctors. The display was organized by Lieut, j. g. John Senn, Public Reations Officer for the school, and Ensign J. U. Anz. Ensign Anz graduated from the school yesterday. The window will hold the display for several days.
Chinese Food Expert
Ends Three-Day Visit Nail Polish Guides
By W. B. Wendell China’s ^pod ambassador to the United States, T. H- Shen, vice-di-rector of the National Agricultural Research Bureau, Chungking, left the campus yesterday after a threeday visit during which he inspected work being carried on by vaaious members of the School of Agriculture. Previous to his ariival here, Shen had visited numeious other American universities to gain information which would help his country in its food qirogram. He arrived in the IJnited States May 1, after leaving Chungking Apiil 8, and reaching the U. S. via North Africa and South America. Sent To Food Conference ’ He was sent by the Chinese government to the International Food Conference held in Hot Springs, Virginia, which was attended by representatives of 45 of the United Nations. Shen specializes in crop breeding and it was in puisuance of new information on methods employed by American farmei’s, that he visited the various agricultural |;olleges and universities of this country. Information about China and its foo4 problems was revealed by Chen Monday evening. He said that China is at the present time self-sufficient as far as food is concerned. This is effected by the large production of cereal foods such as wheat and rice. “China is short of protective foods such as milk and meats,” he said. “However, there will come a time after the war with Japan is won, during the reconstiuction period.
when China will need food. China Lost 60% Of Wheat “At the present time China has lost approximately 60 per cept of its wheat growing area and the same amount used for cotton production,” said Shen, “while it still retains 76 per cent of its rice growing area.” He told of China’s co-operative industry projects which are now widespread. Homesteads or houses in certain aieas contain enough tools with which to make.small articles which may then be collected for assembly to make the finished product. Large installments for manufacturing purposes have been moved to the west out of reach of the invader so that a fair amount of large industry is now centered in that area. First Visit In 1923 Shen first visited the United States in 1923 when he attended the State College of Agriculture in Georgia for a yeai, after which he attended Cornell, where he worked on his doctor’s degree, specializing in crop breeding. Following his return to China in 1927 he taught in Nanking and perfoimed research in his chosen work. He was appointed to the Research Bureau in 1932. Entertained By Chinese Club While visiting the campus Shen was entertained by members of the Chinese Clulji. After a dinner Monday evening, he discussed China and its problems witl> them. From here Shen will go to Cornell University, returning then, to his country in September.
Picking Tomatoes Glamor is definitely a thing of the past! Nail polish is no longer confined to beautifying the nails of female^. In a recent session of 165 tomato inspectors, Roscoe Fraser, a University extension tomato specialist, suggested that tomato pickers wear the exact shade of ripe tomato red on their nails so that when picking they could quickly distinguish those that were ripened to the correct degree for best use in canning. The tomato picker can then see his finger nail against the tomato, and moie quickly select the ones that he can use. Only those tomatoes of that particular shade should be used. Color charts have previously have the means for instructing the pickers in the correct shades. The ripeness of tomatoes is probably the most important factor in conserving and preserving them. Fiaser evolved the idea when he noticed some bright red polish that his secretaiy was wearing, and the idea impressed him and the other inspectors as a good one. If the polish became dirty while picking the fruit, the thumb could be thrust into a tomato to clean it. Faculty Notice To Members of the Faculty: A special meeting of the Faculty will be held on Thursday, August 12, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. —-Edward C. Elliott, President.
Paul L. Brink and Ralph B. Trueblood, aeronautical engnieering seniois, were announced last night by Prof. E. F. Bruhn as being the winners of the Morrow aii plane ^1 eject contest and will be awarded as prizes a week’s vacation trip to Colorado Springs with expenses paid or the equivalent in cash. The rules of the contest stated that three winners would be selected, but as the judges were unable to select a single thud person as a winner, that piize will be divided among four students: Hans I. Kerr, Robert E. Pendley, Leslie E. Schneider, and Charles K Ziminey. During the present semester, twenty seniors in aeronautical engineeiing have been spending considerable of their extra-curricula hours in working on the Morrow Victory Project—Purdue Research Foundation Fellowship No. 214. This project has consisted of completing the engineering work on a two place, high perfoimance trainer type of airplane constructed of approximately ninety-percent of non-strategic materials. Approved By CAA Authorities The work carried out by the seniors has involved stress analysis, aerodynamics, drafting, static testing, and report writing. All such work mqst be examined and approved by the government CAA authorities. The static tests of the static test airplane have been carried out in the aeronautical structure laboratory with all tests of the flying model are being carried out at the University Airport. At the beginning o fthe project, Howard Moirpw, President of the Morrow Aircraft Corporation of California, expressed his desire to offer extra compensation in the form of prizes to the students who had shown the best evidence in all around ability, initiative, adoptability, quality of work, and interest in seeing the project completed. Special Prizes Awarded The selection of the winners of the special prizes was left to the judgement of David Mendenhall, chief engineer of the Morrow Company who directed the project, and Prof. E. F. Bruhn, who acted in an advisory capacity on the project. The only restriction in the awarding of prizes was that a minimum scholastic average of four in the regular academic work during the present semester had to be ob-
tained.
The credit for making the practical student project available is due to Howard Morrow and Director Meikle of the University Research Foundation. Representatives of leading airplane companies who have visited the campus recently have expressed considerable satisfaction in the value of the project in giving the students practical contact with engineering problems.
Gold Pepper, senior-coed honorary, announces the election of the following new officers: Betty Wedge, senior in the Special Science school and a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma, president; Barbara Curry, junior in Home Economics and a P.I.A. member, vcie president; Nelda Reed, junior in Home Economics, Kappa Kappa Gamma, secretary and Carol Roblee, junior in special science and a member of Delta Gamma, treas-
urer.
New Plans For the coming semi-term and the following semester Gold Pepper plan an enhanced program coordinating with campus endeavors for entertainment of servicemdn. Red Cross, and other activities. They will also continue a program of promoting other campus activities as well as their primary aim of boosting athletics. Because recently Gold Pepper members have not worn their pots on campus, the new set of officers have pledged themselves to encouraging the wearing of these emblems of the honorary. Gold Pepper promises to be the only staid and stable honorary on campus during the coming semesters because of the depletion of the corresponding men’s honoraries. Gimlet and Reamer Clubs, by the armed services. Foresters Exhibit Movies On Wildlife Two wildfire movies were shown last night in the auditorium on the agricultural building by the University Forestry- Club. The movies were exceptionally interesting, showing great patience and skill by the cameraman. Both films were of birds in their natural habitant and under natural conditions. The first film was entitled “Haunts For The Haunted”, and showed the wildlife in many of the National Wildlife Refuges. It»included close up movies of several species of ducks, geese, and swan feeding and nesting. Pictures were shown of the bird nests, the eggs hatching, and the young broods. The rare Whooping Crane, of which there are only 100 left, was shown in its various stages of life. The second film was “The Dance of the Western Grebe.” This bird is noted for its peculiar courtship dance which was shown in the movie. The Grebe, after many preliminary rituals, rises to its feet and actually walks across the water without the use of its wings. Prior to the movies an election was held in which the forestry club officers were elected. John Rodarmel was elected president, Clint Sowards secretary, and Ralph Miller vice-president.
Next Debris lssy§ Ruth Rentsch Will Assume Coed Editi^ Duties; Six Juniors Complete Edit Staff Ed Neese, Beta Theta Pi, was chosen to assume the duties of editor-in-chief of the next Debris issue, as a result of the publication’s elections held last Tuesday. Ruth Rentsch, Chi
Omega, will act as coed editor.
Junior editors are as follows; Hugh Grim, Delta TJpsiloii in the V-12 program; Brent Anderson, Theta Chi; Jim Jacobs, . I ' " — Sigma Alpha Mu; Paul UiDpi-
sher. Acacia; Bob Schimlhel, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and Dorothy Heckard, Chi Omega. Heading the business staff as business manager wRI be Annie Stinson, Phi Mu, while Delora Gullstrom, Phi Mu, will serve as sales manager and A1 Graumlich, Acacia, will assume the position, of
sales manager.
Next Issue Smaller Mary Jo Funkhouser, Chi Omega, will head the photography staff as senior editor; Ray Schneider, Signm Nu, will act as assistant senior editor, while Bob Jaegley will take over the job of junior editor. Debris will continue to be published as a University record; however, due to shortages of photographers materials, paper, printers and staff members, the book will necessarily be smaller. The yearbook will still be a major activity on the campus, however.
ASME Holds Last Meeting;
Elects Officers
Last night at 7:30 in the Me-
chanical Engineering Buiding, the American Society of Mechanical’ Engineers held its last meeting for this semester. Professor Wm. T. Miller spoke on the topic of “Moisture Condensation in Walls.” His discussion, which was accompanied by an illustrative motion picture, considered the problems incurred by moisture condensation, and suggested several methods by which
such troubles can be cured. Following the talk, an election
of officers was held. The new officers are Bob Gallatin, Chairman; Vive-chairmen Dan Pliske, Jay Swantz, Hans Wormser, and Fred Hohenstein; Secretary-Treasurer Micha Schocken. A business meeting will be held Friday afternoon by
these new officers.
The retiring Chairman, Dave Badger, was presented with a book entitled ^‘Autobiography of an Engineer” in appreciation of his
sei vices rendered.
Col. John Wheels Builds Highway In Indian Jungles
Col. John W. Wheeler, gradual of the ‘University in civil engineering with the class of ’14, who Was iit charge of construction of the recently completed Alcan Highway, is now stationed in India, where he is engaged in the constrqctigp,^UhJghways through jungles and deserts. “In some ways, jangle road building is even more difficult than some of the construction on the famed Alcan highway,” he said in a letter
Professor H. A. Bolz, Associate recently received at the University. Professor of Mechanical Engineer- Col. Wheeler, whose home is dt ing at t'he University, is the author Crown Point, was called to active of an article appearing in the Au- seiwice as a reserve officer about gust issue of^ Industry ^ Power, two years ago. A former member of Titled “Hollow Transmission Shaft- the University board of trustees, he ing Offers Wartime Advantages,” once served as a member of the Inthe article points out the advan- diana State Highway Commission,
tages in high strength-weight and
After all the business had been disposed of, refreshments were served which consisted of pie and
“coke.”
Bolz Writes Article On Hollow Shafting
stiffness-weight ratios of hollow shafting as compared with the conventional solid shafts. In this same issue of Industry & Power, Mr. Roger W. Bolz, Assist ant Engineer for the National Carbon Company, and a brother of Professor Bolz, contributed an arUicle titled “Protecting Machine Ways from Wartime Wear.”
Notice
Any Students who wish to work for the Division of Educational Reference during the Orientation testing, August 28 and September 1, will please leave their names at the Office of the Division of Educational Reference. —H. H. REMMERS Director
Transient Pumpstand Recalls Flirtations Of Gay Old 90's
By Bob Woerner Although few of the people who casually observe the disintegrating pump stand which is located south of University Hall near State Street know it, the pump is a symbol of a once important center of University life. Its singular location is not suggestive of any particular use, and inspection reveals that the pump handle is not connected with any plunger rod for drawing water to the surface. Indeed, the pump does not even appear to be centered over a well. The pump stand is made of wood which at one time was painted green. Base Of Pump Stand The base for the pump stand is a stone slab two or three feet in diameter with the date “June 6, 1893” and the numerals “96” inscribed upon it. The structure excited your repoiter’s curiosity, so he promptly set out on a scientific investigation of the pump’s origin. Browsing among some of the
dusty volumes on the University’s history in the library and inquiring at the Bureau of Information disclosed the pump’s unique story. History Many years ago, during the dormitory days of the University, it was the custom of men students to waste away their evenings (We wonder if they ever had to worry about examinations) in fiont of the old Ladies’ Hall. Today no one seems exactly sure whqre the Ladies’ Hall was located, but it is believed that it stood eiiher just north of University Hall or along University Street where the Home Ec and Education buildings now stand. It was probably used as a woman’s residence hall. At any rate, the joe-boys of the gay nineties became firmly attached to an old well and pump which stood before the edifice. When the dormitoiy system was abandoned, the members of the class of ’93 feared that the memories of the hours spent near Ladies Hall would soon
be forgotten. They therefore decUi-* ed to place a stone well platforiqi in front of the building at a shqrt service during commencement week. The platform bore the class numerals and the date of its establishment. As Ciceio or Caesar or somebody said, “tempus fugits”, and with passing years the stone became hidden by dirt and shrubbery, until back in the twenties it was almost invisible. Finally the old Hall was torn down. Dean Skinii|(^, remembering the old stone, siSggested to the President that it be salvaged and lemoved to another spot on the campus. Accordlidf to the dean, “The president went the idea one better and had a pump put ill, too.” In March of 192,8 the gayly painted pump appeared in its present lo^ cation. Apparently, the authorities have dismissed the pump from mind, for it does not look jif it has had a respectable coat since that date.\
Pi^2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, August 12, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Businett Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporta, Fieldhouse, Phone 2702 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
l«»»f . .. llntss Mahalccr 'pt* Kditot M^nagina Eiitor ^Mits fiOitora.
Ellis Murphy Mary Dills WHHam H. Tyson Carolyn Wilbui Ray Smith, Russ Lipet
Publication Staff Editorial Staff AtSOciate Editors: .Is. k Abbott, Ruth Ford, Katy Howes, Madelftti Srotnea, Peg Sleftes. ,t
Business Staff
AifrfHiaii
fniBink Manauer: C. L. Gaunt.
‘ M Advertisins Manager: Betty Maney.
.tion Manager: E. G SauermUn.
f4ilht4B-Chi«f.
The Purdue Independent
..Bert Bonier
Staff For This Issue kht editor I Grotnes City Editor tSteffes 5 I^ltor: Ahbette Issue Editor: Woerntr Keporters: Ogden, Wright, Erb, Garrett, Hablas, Pagliarulo
Entered as accond class matter at the post office in LafayE lndianm onder the act of Congress of Matt* 8, 1879, at the apecial rate of postage provided for in section , .act of -October S, 1917, autborited January EO, 19E2 published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornluBS durtwp the gear, exc^t certain vacation periods. Delivered daily ^carrier for $1.26 for a semester; by mail for $1.60 tor a j^ester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent j^l^ce or at the West Desk of the Union. Rtpresented for national advertising hy National Advertisinc Service, Inc., College Publishets Representatives, 42u SlTdison Ave., New Vork, N. Y.
^faff
Now
il'or many years campus life has been noted f^ its freedom from domination by students o?i[a«ized in fraternities and sororities. As t^exiuration gets longer the role of the fraternity or sorority in supplying a social life for tl|e student will become smaller and the percentage of independent students will become larger, according to all present trends. At the present time, therefore, there is a need for a group which will organize the independent students to provide for them social activity, sports competitions and a means for disseminating interesting information. The Purdue Independent Association is the organization which can fulfill this need. It waiS for this purpose that it was formed, and yet those new to the campus wolud be quite justified in saying “What is the Purdue Independent Association?” for their activities during the past semester have been very small. Those in responsible positions in PIA may say that they have not had the membership to warrant any extensive program, and yet the number of unorganized students on the chmpus is at the present time far greater than the number of Greeks. It, therefore, should be possible, with the beginning of the new semester, for the PIA to become a strong stu-
deht organiaztion.
The Purdue Independent, once the voice of the independent, before its merger with the Exponent, will not be published again until after the war, but the Exponent will support ah future PIA activities with as much zeal as the Independent did in days gone by. In a recent st,iit i lent Professor F. C. Hockema said thai Hie time for student organizations to be of greatest use to the group they s^pve is now. Of necessity, in order to serve best, those in responsible positions in PlA will hhve to work to create an active, powerful group. It will be for them to inform the new students, and the old students what the purposes of the organiaztion are, what benefits may be derived from membership in the orgahfzation and to produce the benefits for the
ne^ members.
Of course they will need help. Present independentVtudents who will be here next semester eholud realize that there will soon be more wondering freshmen on the campus and that it is their responsibility that the freshmen get the “Know How” spirit as soon as possible, especially in these accelerated times.—w.h.t.
Co). Kenf- C. Lambert *{ < . . brother of Coach Wai’d Lambert, Unive'rsity basketball coach, and a member of General Patton’s ahftored division in Africa and Sicily, is back on du^ 6fbr suffering two wounds-in the Tunisian campaign. Por his woi’k in the Tunisian drive, Col. Lambert was decorated with the Legion of Meiit, Silver Star and also the Purple Heart.
Thomas W. Hass » , . was named honoi man in the glass graduated July 22 from the Hospital Corps School at Great iAkee, HHnois. Now rated as a hospital apprentice, ^Ohd class, Hass will be sent to a Naval hospital xbr^additional training. The honor man, son of Dr. Ut«. Henry B. Hass of West Lafayette, was a Uaiversitjr studeot prior to his enlistment.
mSHIKSTOH t« *,4 U t P.l OM. Despite Grain Shortage, Distillers Want To Resume Making Whisky; FDR Does Not Desire 4th Term WASHINGTON—It looks as if the whiskey distillers never learn. For mofe than a week they have been closeted with the War Production Board tryiVig to put over a deal whereby they will be permitted to resume manufacture of whiskey on a limited scale—• even at a time when the natioh is so desperately hard up for feed grain that it is feeding wheat to cattle instead of humans. ' To start the distilling of whiskey would mean a further use of gi'ain, thus depleting the supply for cattle, hogs and chickens. Despite this, the whiskey distillers have been waving the constitution, roaring about involuntaiy wartime prohibition and arguing that there are ample stocks of war alcohol on hand. \The latter, of course, is true. Alcohol stocks are ample and the manufacture of explosives has been curtailed. However, two counter-factors have been pointed out by WPB officials. One is the discovery of Severn! new uses for alcohol. One of these is an important war use, so far a carefully guarded seci’et, which may require more alcohol. But even more important, WPB officials point out, is that the country is desperately hard up for grain. Seldom in history has wheat been fed to animals instead of people. And should thei-e be a drought next year and the wheat crop injui'ed, then with reserves depleted, the whiskey distillers would get the blame. More than 10 million bushels of gram per day are required for feeding livestock and poultry. Where we are going to get it during the coming year, already lias the War Food Administration baffled. The estimated 1943-44 supply of grain is 12 percent less than last year’s, and simultaneously livestock on farms will be five to ten percent greater. The Agriculture Department has already warned livestock producei-s to conserve feed. Yet at the same time, the distillers have been lobbying their‘cal’s off to divert grain to whiskey. Mr. Littell Goes To Dinner Norman Littell, the young Assistant Attorney General who forced Secretary Knox to cough up the amazing Elk Hills oil deal, has an amazing memory for the law, but when it comes to his own clothes it is another matter. The other night he was invited to dine with Swiss Minister Charles Bruggmann, brother-m-law of Vice President Wallace, and according to Mrs. Littell, his concentration on Elk Hills rather than clothes almost caused a row in the Littell family. To save time and gasoline, Littell dresses for dinner at his office, but this time hS phoned his wife at the last minute that he had forgotten to bring his collar and cummerbund. He asked her to meet him outside the door of the Swiss Legation with these articles very essential to dining out in summertime Washington. Mrs. Littell dutifully obeyed. Arriving on time she stood hopefully outside the Swiss Legation holding a man’s collar in one hand and a black cummerbund in the other. Presently the guests began to arrive. “Wheie’s Norman?” asked Assistant Secretary of War McCloy as he noticed Mi’s. Littell standing expectantly in front of the Legation. “I’m waiting to fihish diessing him,” leplied his patient wife. Next came William Batt, vice chairman of the War Production Board, and Mis. Batt. “Aien’t you coming in?” they asked. “No, I’m looking for a man without a collar, a necktie or a cummerbund,” replied Mrs. Littell. Next arrived Vice Piesident and Mis. Wallace. “Why don’t you let me stay out here and help dress Norman,” Mr. Wallace suggested, after taking in the situation. “You go on in and I’ll wait for him.^’ But Mrs. Littell thought her husband would be a bit embairassed at having the Vice President of the United States act as his valet. A moment later Littell ariived, slipped on his collar, necktie and cummerbund, and went down the receiving line. Each lady—Mrs. Burggmann, Mrs. Wallace, Mrs. CcCloy, Mrs. Batt—greeted him with: “Well, Mr. Littell, I see you have your collar and cummerbund.” “Why,” whispered Mr. Littell to his wife, “did you have to tell them all about it ?” Fourth Term Close friends who have talked with the President lately aie not at all sure he wants to run for a fourth term. Naturally, he is not telling even his closest intimates what his real hopes are, anymore than he told anyone prior to the third term convention in 1940. But one or two hints that he has dropped lead friends to believe that the President emphatically would not run again if the war is won, and would run only reluctantly if the war is still in progress. However, there is one ambition he deeply cherishes, namely to help write a permanent peace. Having taken an active part m the last war as Assistant Secretary of the Navy and having seen the “war to end wars” turn into an abortive and stymied peace, the President wants more than anything else not to repeat Woodrow Wilson’s failure. Therefoi’e it is not beyond the realm of possibility that to bring about a non-partisan peace treaty, Roosevelt would be willing to make an agreement with a broad-gauged Republican who supports his foreign policy, whereby that Republican would get the nod, for the White House, if FDR in turn sat at the head of the Peace Conference. All this, of course, is still in the realm of speculation, but also within the lealm of possibility. Should this not materialize and should the President definitely decide not to run, then the chances are strong that he would throw the nomination to his close friend and “Assistant President” ex-Justice Jimmy Byrnes. The President has felt that the country may be enteiing a period when the tide has set in against New Deal reforms and that a man like Byrne.s, capable of holding dift'erent elements together, is what the Democrate party will need fpr the next few years. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate. Inc.)
“It’s wonderful the way they imitate humans. I wonder if they Could be taught to imitate a girl doing general housework?” Parents^ Orders Form Eating Guide
By Dorcas Anne Wolfe Don’t eat candy between meals; drink plenty of milk; eat more green vegetables and less sweets—what student hasn’t heard these instructions since earliest childhood ? And hasn’t everyone gulped a hambui* ger and coke lunch in the very face of a huge cafeteria poster displaying milk, eggs, carrots and lovely, nondescript, green leaves? Nutiition IS a much discussed subject, especially since the war has thrown the problem into shaiper focus; but many people have not yet realized that talking about nutrition is not enough. Undoubtedly most student in their elementaly school days were bored by the admonitions of parents and teachers to “eat less candy for your own good”. They had eaten candy before, and no apparent harm had befallen them. They had not been sick the next day, and had not been afflicted with scurvy or rickets (whatever they might be). They resented being told obvious falsehoods by people who should know bettei. Many college students are no more convinced of the importance of eating the right foods than are rebellious children. Blissfully they eat the foods they like best—and only those foods—and do not see why any connection between their diets and the fact that they are always tired and have little lesistance to colds. Selecting an adequate diet does not mean giving up the foods that we, like for foods that are unpleasant. An adequate diet includes the essential foodstuffs in the right amounts. Foods which are often thought to be detrimental do not always harm the body. Sugar, for example, if eaten m model ate amounts, pioduces no harmful effects. Its fault lies in the fact that it contains no vitamins or minerals and is meiely a “fuel food”. Fuel foods aie likely to crowd out the moie useful foods because they fuinish concentiated energy in small amounts of the food. Students who “eat out” have an important job in selecting well-
rounded diets day after day. Most of the minerals and vitamins cannot be Stored in the body, and because of this it is necessary to eat foods containing these nutrients every day. A convenient method for checking the daily diet is by noting whether it contains at least one food from each of the “basic 7” groups. These groups are: 1. Milk and milk products—milk supplies protein, many of the vitamins, and IS the chief source of calcium in the diet. 2. Green and yellow vegetables—■ these vegetables are especially good sources of vitamin A. 3. Oranges, tomatoes, grapefruit, raw cabbage, salad greens and other fruits and vegetables rich in vitamin C. 4. Other fruits and vegetables for their variety of minerals and vita-
mins.
5. Meat, poultry, fish, eggs, dried beans, peas, nuts and peanut butter—these are the protein foods and aie also good sources of the B vita-
mins.
6. Breads and cereals—when enriched or made of whole grains, these foods aie good sources of vitamin B1 and they furnish a large pai t of the daily energy needs. 7. Butter or fortified margarine (added vitamin A) for their vitamin A and vitamin D content. Changes May Transform Diet A few simple changes in a diet may transfoim an, inadequate diet into an adequate one. These changes are up to the individual and may be accomplished in a variety of ways, depending on personal taste. For example, if milk is substituted for coffee and tea, whole wheat or enriched bread for uneiuiched white bread, and fruit juices for cokes, a pool diet will be well on its way towaid becoming’ balanced and whole-
some.
to the ^diiuh.
Ain’t love grand? They say love makes the world go around, you know but then, sb does a good swallow of tobacco juice. Speakifig of love, editor, old thing, do you think a girl should neck before seventeen or is that too large a crowd ? But I’m getting off my subject. I wanted to write this letter about cows. You seb, me and my girl friend got into an argument about
them.
One night I wanted to walk back to the Residence Halls past the pasture next to the d^iry, and I said we could look at the cows as we did. But my girl said no, because she said she didn’t like to look at cows. That worried me. Why should anyone not like to look at cows? Of course, when I said I wanted to look at the cows I didn’t I’eally mean fit; it was just conversation. But my girl really sounded as if she didn’t like cows. Anyhow I asked her about it on our next date. She said that she didn’t really hate cows and was just making conversation, too. Then I explained that I could get along alright without looking at cows and we never go home by the dairy any more. At least we have interesting conversations. I thought you might be interested in our expeiience because this letter may prevent many such misunderstandings from happening. There is another experience that I could tell you about, but I just got a phone call that my giil, who is also a sword-swallower, has the hiccoughs and has stabbed three people already. What shall I do? —B.W.S. Book Exchange Starts Functioning August 31 student book exchange, sponsored by the Student Union, will start to receive used books Tuesday, August 31, the first day of registration for the eight week inter-ses-
sion.
At 1 p. m. Wednesday the exchange will sell and loceive daily until Saturday, September 4. During the following week, the exchange will pay out fiom 4 to 5 p. m. Business will be carried on in the rooms next to the Union west
desk.
Ceeds at the University of Michigan are entering into a new form of service for the Navy. It seemi as though three coeds, who reffise to reveal their identity, have Starts ed a laundry which they call the “PBS”. Recently they washed ^14 navy undress whites, charging 4(9 cents each. Business must! be pro^I itable because the gals have expanded their service already. —E-P— University of California students recently held a name-a-dance contest and received many interesting suggestions. But the best one was submitted by an AST man wjien he came forth with—“The Bag Tag”. -E-P— Indiana University has quite a specimen on hand. He’s a student who has made quite a recoi’d for hims«lf in his two and one-fourth years at the university. Seems a)s though the lad has never missed noir cut a class, not even when he had a broken leg. The reason for his success lies in this statement: “Well, I figure I’m paying $6 for an hour class, and^I might as well take advantage of it.” Such is life. . . —E-P— Students at Alabama Polytechnic Institute found that their nickels really went to good use and were appreciated by the boys overseas. For some time now they have been dropping their nickels into little glass jars that ai’e appropriately placed m their Grille and other ])Iaces over town. The nickels are used to buy cigarettes and from re:cently received letters the boys really appreciate it. Approximately 360 per cent over the 1942 figures is expected in the production of naval torpedoes if the present production schedules are met.
GEORGE
MONTGOMERY
ANNABELLA ^ MOOM KENT TAYLOR
TODAY and TOMORROW
ARC
COOL WASHED AIR
TODAY THRU SATURDAY FIRST RUN WESTERN 2%M«(Tix) D'Riiii iEWILI
WUNm CA
• and '
tvith GEORGE TOM SANDERS•CONWAY — ALSO —-
THE BLRCK ORflCOII
— PLUS — LATEST PATME NEWS
TODAY - FRl. - SAT.
TWO-FISTED BUCKAROOS^
.«> making things tough for the ^ RalileESof the SanJoaouiffl
with JOHNNY MACK BROWN TEX RITTER ^
ONE WEEK SiaHing TOpAY■p^i
t
Xrmy, Navy, Marine News
A
Thursday^ August 12^ 194^^
^1.1 Hill
For Service Mon, By Service Men
wkyaimmum
¥>12 Baseball Callout
xif L' X
I ne 5cutilebut
Review
Army
Insignia
By Pvt. John M. Brown USMC Proving the old proverb that all things come to them /Who wait, Captain Whipple USMCR finally passed < out that green “folding stuff” to which we Marine had been
. 'w p j - „ '1? ■ ''IT;'! • All V-12 students interested in forming a baseball team are
requested to report to Fred Cimerblatt at 4 tomorrow afte^-
jidoh on the freshman diamond. ■ ■ ' " ’ ' < 'Most sections in thfe four navy companies have already or-
ganized softball teams and are playing in inter-company com- ooki«g forward to so eagerly for petition. Until this week, however, no plans had been! made the past few weeks. Great was the
for hardball games. rejoking when the announcement _ ^ Last Tuesday Cimerblatt these gals, underneath it to muster in alphabetical order to Army insignia worn on the campus spenred tbp nprmi.sqip'n nf T t attention you bestow be paid was made, but greater still is pictured above. The red AA on a “. “ cu wic pciiiuc&iwii ui upon the members of the weaker was the thrill when the cold hard white field in a blue circle signi(Jg) F. P. Butorac to organize sex! cash was actually handed out. And fies anti-aircraft, a young but very a. hardball team. It was also Gifts, for some reason, under- although a good snare of some pay- important branch of the army,
stipulated that, as in the case standable only to women, usually go checks changed hands almost iftiof the softball leagues, no physical over with any women as long as mediately through various proceducation class credit would be giv- they are appropriate. So, instead of esses, it will nOw be possible to -at en members of the team, but that showering the gal with flowers, per- least buy cigarettes for another members of the squad would get fumes, and candy, that would ibake month. That fifty dollars per month
a hit with any civilian, give her really makes school life worth
tooth-paste, shoe poish or any of while.
the other required items ofi the •—S-R— ^ WAG'S list. Then it should be THINGS A MARINE DREAMS wrapped in as fancy ribbons as pos- OF^.. October 23 and the following sible and accompanied with this week’s furlough... the blonde wait-
credit for extra-curricular activity, Twenty-six men have already signed up for the team. If enough Students report on the field tomorrow, according to Cimerblatt, several teams will be organized and a
league may be formed.
Squad practice time has been set tentatively at 4 p. m. Monday and Friday and at 10 a. m. Sunday.
Thii’d in a series of pictures of
Captain Whipple Conducts Favorite Marine Lecture
Graduates To Receive Wings After Training |n Tendl
class Ol Navy Fliers Will Finish Tomorrow
suggested sentimental Oard:
Roses are red,
Violets are bue,
I’d gladly do
Your KP for you,
Before you begin worrying about the duty, may it be said, that this little gesture will deeply touch the little ‘miss’ and Will probably make you hei’ friend for the duration and six months. And who knows, you may even get to know her well
ress who smiles, but that’s all brother. .. sleeping until noon with no calisthenics at 0545. .. the thrill when the commander at Quantico
By Pvt. M. E. West, USMCR All students have some classes they like better than others but a universal favorite among the marines is the one they call “The Cap-
presents those gold bars. . . active tain’s Class”. This class, which duty ift some foreign country with meets one hour a week, is listed as
something besides EE to worry about. .. but most of all, those happy days with that one and only af-
ter the war is won.
—S-R—
Those “blues” seen around the
enough to borrow back the shoe pol- last weekend are the proud ish and talk her out of the promised Private Mathews,
K.P. duty.
Not Advised
If you’re intei-ested in making a ‘big’ impression her you could neglect to I'ender the proper Military
and before long he will be’joined by more Marines similarly dressed, for although the Marine Corps stopped issuing their most famous dress uniform with the outbreak of war, it can be purchased and worn by
Courtesies while you are with her any Marine having sixty dollars to ^ se t at a recent class mi , . .
or call vmir commanHino- nfficev hv a = ^oys some idea as to helping out the seivicemen, but it
Men Receive Tips On WAC Etiquette; Prefer Gentlemen
By Mary Wendell
Thei’e may be a time in every man’s life when the privilege of having*a'date with a datable WAC will be bestowed upon him, so this feature will be devotdd to all those who want to be in on the ‘know’. First recommendation to be made is to act like-a gentlemen because there’s always the pqs^bility that she might be further advanced in her Ju-Jitsu'icourses than you. Of course, you may be further ad-
vanced in other tactics, but it’s best made by one experienced soldier: to lay them aside for this special “Don’t follow a WAC Platoon
occasion. In other words—it’s not
advised.
May it also be advised that you omit the drooling and other wolf-
like noises you may Use on other window shopping. They, unlike ting pretty low financially when it Annapolis, and leaves shortly.
, bits of feminine loveliness. But then yourself, will have shades for every again, don’t let the uniform be a too window.” Yes, experience is the
influencing factor on your conduct, best teacher.
NNl and is taught by Captain ^^^''^her 20, 1943.
Whipple, USMCR. It was planned The opportunity to vote has been to have the navy and marine men offered to New York residents in both study naval organization, .but P^st elections. During the gubernawas later decided more practical for torial elections in 1942, servicemen tbe marines to have a class of their at various posts, camps and sta-
Hew Yorkers May Obtain Absentee War Ballots Soon Servicemen from New York State may vote in the next elections by obtaining an absentee war ballot. Those interested should turn in their names to the battery orderly
room by 7:30 tonight.
When the approximate number of New Yorkers is determined the commanding officer of the post will
notify the New York State Ballot 7’^^^ at the Union. These Commission which will in turn fur- yourig ladies will'be admitted on an nish the proper number of applica- USO pass; coeds and eds tions. In order to vote, the applica- ™^y I’egular University tion for registration and war ballot Passports and servicemen will use must be completed by N. Y. State Union membership cards to voters on or before midnight, Sep- entrance to the two dances.
This innovation is a result of the cooperation between the Student
USO Girls Will Attend Last Saturday Right Dance Of Semester
tions filled out the proper forms -^Wrich.
or call your commanding officer by invest. A movement is now in proghis first name and make off that ress to form a crack drill squad you’re old buddies. You could pose composed of fast stepping Marines
as a secret investigator for the intelligence department but again—
it's not advised.
May I quote the following tips
around waiting for a Field Strip. This applies to their equipment only.” “Also, you needn’t pl^n on spending a lot of your evenings
outfitted in their snappy ■‘^blue
The South Ballroom will feature the changing of partners in a regular “tag” dance and Harry Reed’s orchestra will supply the music. The Five Men of Note will play in the North Ballroom for couples only. Since this is the last dance till September, a large turnout is ex-
what their future training would was understood that 2io political P®®ted and departing seniois may
consist of. He said that the marine campaigning would be undertaken boot camp was some,thing the ma- hy theseT/fficials. The whole proced rines will always be glad they went to enable soldiers to vote will be
No text is required for the course voted for their state officials, and nearly all material is obtained In camps in New York officials from the lecture. Lectures thus“far nvcre appointed to help the men in have dealt with military courtesy, the filling out of the forms and to discipline, and naval and marine witness the soldier’s signature, law. Marine Gunner Huppert was Representatives from the two majpresent at a recent class meeting or parties offered their services in
dress”, with the possibility of per- designated officer
forming at football games, etc.
—S-R— I
One of the most common sights the week preceeding payday was several Marines chipping in pennies in order to buy one pack of cigarettes which was then split among all shareholders. That’s get-
through again.
At the close of each class period Captain Whipple answers the many questions the marines have on mili-
tary subjects.
Ignoring all the traditions of b^i luck and dire misfortune which are supposed to be connected with Friday the 13th, the January class of navy fliers will hold their graduifition exercises tomorrow. FoIIovHng six weeks of training at Dallas, Tex,,
they will receive their wings.
The sixteen men in the class, all with the rank of lieutenant (jg) or
USO girls will be present at the ensign, spent the first month of the last summer dance given this Sat- seven month' course being indoctri-
nated. During the following six months they had actual flying experiences, including secondary cross country flights and night flying. ’
Fourth Class To Graduate
This is the fourth class to graduate from the University. ’The n®tt class will be composed of men in the V-5 program, and is not due to begin until the middle of September. The graduates are: Lts. (jg) Henry C. Herrick ,George R. McClure and Hugh E. Morrison, and Ensigns John Anz, Howard H. Beatty, Aj> thur E. Bloete, Edward T. Clare, George P. Dlouhy, Eugene A. Gaudiano, Gordon Guideison, Edward A. Hansen, Jerome W. Harris, Elliott P. Miller, Glen H. Pardee, Richard
A. Ross and Robert F. Ruder.
They will be entertained at a dinner to be given at Lincoln Lodge tonight. This dinner for the graduates is a tradition. Among the guests will be Lt. P. F. Lewis, executive officer, and members of the staff.
Marines Buy War Bonds
Pay day has come at last for ttie Marines, and it m%ht be intereat-
Union and the local USO committee which is composed of Mrs. W. M. English, Mrs. Lemmert Bahls, Mrs. Edward Stahl and Miss Emily Jane
ion at the University. The time set for the two dances is from 8:30 to
11:30.
FELLOWS!!
NEED A HAIRCUT OR SHAVE?
FOR CONVENIENCE DI^OP DOWN TO THE UNION BUILDING BARBER SHOP
FOUR Barbers at Your Service CHARLEY ORMAN CLIFF COSTO STEVE SWANSON' PERRY HAZELBAKER
JhsL fiuuvdud. ^VYUmifuaL *UmjofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
takes five or six fellows to buy one pack of cigarettes, but the situation
was actually that bad.
—S-R—
Marine ability is being clearly shown in the daily swimming sessions of PE classes, during which time teams composed of Marines play those majSe up of Navy men in water-polo. Thus far the Marine record is perfect, since Marine teams have yet to be defeated. Let’s keep up that spirit fellows and show the Navy who rules the University
waters. —S-R—
HOT TIPS FROM COMPANY E . . . Ken Follmar has taken the first steps towards holy matrimony, for that carefully selected diamond now rests securely on the third finger left hand of a pretty nurse from
Good luck John!
—S-R—
It might be interesting to find out
why so many of the Marines seem to prefer the USO dances on Saturday night in preference to those put on in the Union by our committee. One reason possibly might be because the USO girls do not keep University hours, but from what we gather there are also more interestnig attractions. Maybe we had better check more closely on that item
comes this Saturday night.
—S-R—
Hotest subject of the week is the drive to “voluntarily” enroll all Navy and Marine men on the campus in the Student Union. No bull session is complete without a full discussion of the pros and cons of purchasing membership but in spite
Prof. W. F. Grove . . . contributed an article to the August issue of Civil Engineering, official magazine of the American Society of Civil Engineers. The article, entitled “Bridge and Culvert
Evansville, one Virginia Ann Hood of the, obvious benefits there still by name. . . One hears that Dale De exist those who think two dollars Mott really had himself a HOT time per month for all privileges and en-
this past weekend. From what he say’s she really must be tops. . . In just a few days it will be Midshipman Ballje USN instead of Private Ballje USMCR. Yes, he has received dne of those coveted appointments
tertainment thus secured amounts to robbery. However, simple common sense and elementary arithemetic will suffice to prove that Union membership is really a paying proposition.
VetSlKTOH MERRY-CO- ROUND
The leaders and -fhe peoples of the entire world today are watching Washington. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importance of Washington news and its bewildering mass make it of special value now to have, besides running news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No. I column is Drew Pearson's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for It in the PURDUE EXPONENT
of the ASTP.
AST Soft-ball Scores
Wednesday—Aug. II
A7, 4; D4, 3. B7, forfeit D3. C2, D2, no game. Al, 2; Dl, 14. A2, B6,
forfeit. A6,forfeit B5. A4, C7, for- - - - • „ . , u i, 4. -t...feit. Bl, 11; C8, 15. B2, 11; C5,5. B3, Ulow Areas,” is a digest of the talk know what happens to their
C4 forfeit."Bd'lO' C3 13.' ' ' gave at the last annual Purdue Paychecks.
* 's# School. A large part of it happens before jJShU -j-jjg Marines ever see their pay. buy Vy 51* SOilQS Notice 'T’ractically all the Marines are buy- ' ..... bonds, some of them as A a many as two twenty-five dollar And Stamns , mvitatmns have been sold bonds a month. This is taken out at
and no more will be available. ^.^e office and the bonds issued
there.
Another deduction comes in the form of life insurance. Most of the men are carrying the ten thousand dollar policy. Neither the bonds nor insurance are compulsory but nearly one hundred per cent of the men are taking advantage of it.'Another two dollars goes for the Union fees. The men are nearly hH signing up for that, too. Other small expenses include laundry, entertainment, and miscellaneous expenses. Service Men Use Money Orders To Protect Extra Funds Many servicemen are using Money Orders to safeguard their extra funds. By regulation thise M.O.’s when made payable to oneself are good for only 60 days on any Post Office except that on which it was drawn or that from which it was issued. This applies wh«i the M.O. is made without some sort of home address. Normal regulations make money orders valid for one year and it Ims been suggested by government officials that when servicemen mtiee out these money orders, they mahe them payable to themselves oih to a relative at their home address. By this process the U.S.M.O. will be valid for one year at any Post Of-
fice.
After the periods of validity, correspondence will be necessai'y to obtain payment of the order oj* to have a new one issued. Money Orders may be transferred to anyone if the payee signs thO money order. Thus it becomes'‘ne?gotiable witF the proper signsturCk Notice Representatives. from the ponent will be present at aU Marine V-12 chow lines- thjs ning to cdtlect fVr subscriptions contracted by members of tha Marine group. Subscriptiomi which have not been paid for by September 4 will be diaeontuiiMidL
Buy War Bonds% ^
^5
f •> ip""' k
'’■rfft
FffrSS^ Exponent
,/f
Thursday, Sugust 12, 1943
V 4?
Pi Kappa Phi, SPE Team Wins SoFtball Toumfey
Winners Trounce Lambda Chis, 5-1 By Marc Ogden A combination of the Pi Kappa Phis and Sigma Phi Epsilons beat the combined foices of the Lambda Chi Alphas and the Sigma Pis, 5-1, for the second 1943 fraternity softball championship Stuart, the Sig Ep’s pitcher, allowed only two hits, both of which were in the first inning, while Baumgartner, the Lambda Chi’s pitchei, allowed - - “'t'"!" «* = u debris distribution In the first inning Sig Ep
Hains got a single and then 5[J pQR SATURDAY
stole second Cook who had been walked, was then on third. The next thiee men up weie out The Lambda Chis got a single by Biowei, the thud baseman and then a tuple by Chailie Wiight which scored Biowei making the score 1 to 0 This was the only lun
for the Lambda Chis
In the Sig Ep’s half of the sec
Debris will come out sometime Satuiday afternoon foi both seniois and undeigiaduates Distiibution will stait at the Debris office
Placement Notes
For Women
Ameiican Aiilines, Inc, New Yoik City, will be intei viewing at
ond, Schmitt, aftei hitting two long ,, -n i tt a „ ’ „ , o n n tbe Palmei House in Chicago Au
fouls, walked Swaits next man up
was safe on a fieldeis choice Swarts then stole second and was driven in by a double by Matosec, the catcher He then stole thud The next two men weie walked loading the bases, but Baumgait nei got himself out of a jam by pitching two sti ike outs The Lamb da Chis diad thiee up and three down in then half of the inning
Error Costly
After two outs in the thud the
gust 11 12 from 9 a m to 5 p m Anyone interested in applying for positions with this company should call Placement Service for Women, 2955, at once for further informa-
tion
A representative of General Electric Company, Pittsfield, Massachusetts, will visit the campus on Friday, August 13, to interview women with training in chemistry, physics or mathematics Anyone in-
„ , , terested should call Placement SerSig Eps scored three runs on two (2955) at once to doubles, two walks and an error on appointment
the third baseman Brower The Lambda Chis started out the third with two men on, West was safe on Bodger’s error, stealing second on the next pitch Crawford walked and Joe Dawson, the first baseman, struck out ,West was then forced out at thud by Brower Wright the
next man up, hit a long fly into left sol? «nted"repafred andTuTcW field that looked like an easy double sraph work done C J Ebershoff 606 Main, but was pulled out of the sky by the Phone 2j79 left fielder Holmes The score stood ^uns“”hUag?“typewnterr AitrtTLoS. four to one Office 407 Columbia Glffoid singled in the fouitll foi "Wanted—stuaents to deliver the Exponent the Sig Eps He was advanced on a Dcpar?menr'Hhc 4'’poLnVoiT.«"'"‘''‘“'“"
sacrifice by Hams and then scored on a fielders choice The game was concluded with no change in the
score R H
Sig Eps and Pi Phis 013 10—5 5 Lambda Chis and Sig Pis 100 00—1 2
Charles Lamb won the All Cam pus Golf tournament Monday night by defeating Red Mackey, last year’s tournament champion 4 and
3
Larry Labiee finished first in the “A” Flight by defeating J B Feu quay 6 and 4 Lamb advanced into the final rounds of the Champion ship Flight by winning over Wiske The “B” Flight was won by Nick Kupchick Qualifying rounds were first staited July 1 and entrants were put into different brackets accord mg to scoies made in qualifying round Competition in these brack ets has been in progress since the middle of July with the tourna ment ending this week
Wanted—Throe men students to do j?on eral janitor woik one hour da ly and throe hours on Saturday in cxchanKe for private apaitment with private h ith kitchenette tlectiic rcfi Iterator individual beds with ni cr sprints and all i tilities iiirnishe 1 Write statint personal qualifications apr draft status year in school relition etc
Box 100 Exponent
Uemalc Help Wanted—Girls with two cr more jeirs of colletc ere lit A.pplj at Wa
terman School Cincinnati Ohio
Lost Tuesday—Pan of shell iim tlassos
Phone a^‘^0 Sidney Lanier
Have your rUES carpets furniture cleaned by the Trojan Rue O Vator Company Wall to wall carpetins orientals and twist
weaves a specialty Dial 3298
Wanted—Girl of pleasins personality and well pi portioned figure as model for Artist Club Spare time Good pay Reply Artist
Club c/o Exponent
Lost—Chi Omega pin on picnic giounds in hack of Stadium or on obstacle course Call oOb Rewaid M Grotnes
Fifteen Returning Lettermen Bolster Wildcat Grid Squad Noithwestein univeisity’s two weeks of summei football pidctice which seivcd as a “get acquainted” peiiod foi both playeis and coaches levealed that many ncwcomeis will vie foi positions on the Wildcat eleven this fall Out of the 86 men who took pait in the biief summei dull, neaily half were tiansfeis from othei schools in the Navy V-12 tiaining piogiam 01 newly eniolled fieshmen The balance weie membeis of last yeai’s Wildcat vaisity and freshman squads Ninety pei cent of the entire squad is in the Navy tiaming piogiam Because of the limited summei practice. Coach Lynn Waldoif and his aides were able to obtain only a sketchy idea of the potentialities of the new men, but unquestionably a number will make strong bids for regular jobs while the lemaindei will provide the Purple with capable reserves « Otto Graham Back Fifteen letuinmg letter inert from last yeai’s team headed by Otto Graham, brilliant all around halfback, will form the nucleus foi the Wildcat squad that faces an eight game schedule opening with a night game with Indiana at Dyche stadium, Sept 25 Herman Fiickey, a triple threat halfback from Minnesota heads up the backfield candidates acquired by the Wildcats from the V 12 trainees Other promising new backs who took part in the summei workout were Elliott Oimsbee of Bradley Tech and Henry Riechel of Nebraska, halfbacks, Tony Saiacino, 190 pound fullback from Denver, and Jerry Carle, quarterback from
Minesota
In addition to Graham the Purple has a number of holdover backs including Don Buffmire Joe Scuba, and Dud Kean halfbacks, Erwin Weingaitnei and Lynne McNutt, quarterbacks and Nick Vodick and Bill Deoduic fullbacks Four New Ends The acquisition of four new ends from the V 12 school will strength en these positions which were faced with an acute shoitage of talent All of last year s flankincn giaduated except Bob Wallis, a senior Herb Hein and Larry Halenkamp of Minnesota and Vic Clark and Ed Nyden of Nebraska will provide the Wildcats with a group of experi
enced ends
Last year s two regular tackles, Ray Vincent and Bill Ivy will be supported by several new playeis including James Pagliasotti, 210
Grandstand Echoes By Russ Lipes FOOTBALL SCRIMMAGE The hundred odd football candidates who have been working out under the direction of Elmer Burnham and his staff for the four week summer practice session sure deserve a lot of credit for the enthusiasm and interest that they have displayed Although today is the closing scrimmage session, all of the fellows are eagerly awaiting the reopening of practice August 30th, three weeks before the opening game at Great Lakes Seen heie and there at scrimmage yesterday Prexy Elliott out to look the fellows over and constantly querying, “Say, who’s that lad” Lew Rose from last yeai s rhinie squad dazzling the defense witlr some beautiful running Blame Hibler, southpaw passer, really tossing ithein down the alley All of the fellows a little reluctant to get in there because of the terrific heat “Stonewall” Ellis hollering for the water bucket after every play Good blocking on the part of Rollie Butler Cec Isbell catching every mistake as well as every good play One of the end candidates remarking, “Gee whiz. I’ve learned more football in a week from Isbell than I’ve learned since I started playing” Peppiest guy on the field—Bill Newell, center from last year’s Boilermaker squad SPUrrERINGS The WPB has promised to make some shells for hunting this fall after someone pointed out that game buds are causing crop damage A 17 year old high school shortstop has just been given a $10,000 bonus to sign a contract with the Giants, so it is reported We agree with other sports writers who say that too many schools are dropping football to protect their gridiron reputation After watching the softball championship battle last night, we have decided that the most disliked man on the campus is an intramural umpire Here’s hoping the Boilermakers can schedule another gridiron opponen^to take Michigan State’s place
Grid Team Terminates Summer Practice Today Although today’s practice is slated to be the final one for the summer session, Coach Elmer Burnham is not expecting a very large number of his gridders to be on hand for the closing ceremonies, as most of the V-12 players will be excused from practice because of yellow fever shots they are getting today. Burnham stated that he would conduct a scrimmage session for those who are present. Any — —
Acacia Team Tallies 299 Points To Win Archery Tourney
fans are welcome to attend the drill providing thoy sit in the bleachers that are provided. Following the practice xhis afternoon the gridders will hang up then uniforms foi a couple of weeks, until August 30 when
A well balanced team from the
the legulai football piactice gets Acacia house consisting of Teufel
underway Since the group in attendance this afternoon is likely to
and Wheaton won the interfraternity aichery meet Tuesday evening
be quite small, Burnham will have a with a total of 299 points Marshall
and Shwaiz of Alpha Tau Omega fraternity took second place with 268 points Sigma Nu trailed the second place berth by four points. Fleck and Randolph tallied the
V-12 IM Schedules Navy & Marine Softball Thursday, August 12 Diamond— 1— A 1 vs B 6 2— A 2 vs B 7 3— A 3 vs B 8 4_A 4 vs C 1 5— A 6 vs C 2 6— A 6 vs C 3 7_A 7 vs C 4 8— A 8 vs C 5 9— E 2 vs C 6 10— B 2 vs E 4 11— B 3 vs Marine 7 pounder from Denver, Marvin Grubaugh and Dwayne Domiei, two huskies fiom Nebraska, and Ed Bush, a freshman at Minnesota last year Regular Guards Return Alex Kaptei and Johnny Gent, regular guards last season, will be back Then hold on starting posi tions will be contested by these for mei Gopheis, John Bicinich, Chas Dellago and Robert Giaiziger, and Alvin Giubaugh of Nebraska Northwestern’s weakness at cen tei for the past several seasons may be solved by the presence of Joe Paitington regular pivot at Ne biaska last year The center ranks also include four playeis from last yeai’s Wildcat squad Hal Hudson George App Len Golan and Hank Cleveland, and loe Cuban, another transfer from Denver
12— B 4 vs D 1 13— B 6 vs D 2 14— D 3 vs Marine 11 15— D 4 vs Marine 10 16— D 6 vs Marine 9 17— C 8 vs Marine 8 18— B 1 vs D 6 20—E 1 vs E 3 Notice—Change In Softball Teams There has been some misunderstanding in the listings of the “D” Company’s softball team Some changes were made from the original lineup and the present listing is as follows House No 1—Softball team D 1 House No 2—Softball team D 2 House No 3—Softball team D 3 House No 4—Softball team D 4 House No 5—Softball team D 6 House No 6—Softball team D 6 Please report with your proper house and team number IM Schedules Ward Tennis Singles were finished Monday evening with J Agna winning over W A Woods The All Campus iennis Singles tournament must be finished Friday evening To date the following matches have not been played and must be played immediately F D Martin vs Dave Koehler Ed Wells vs R W Abbott Winner of Martin & Koehler vs winner of Wells & Abbott Ray Morgan will play winner of these games for champronship
chance to look over some of candidates quite thoroughly
Line-up Changed
Since Burnham realized that yes
teiday would be his last chance to po^ts for the third place team
observe many of the candidates before he made his final selection for the varsity squad, he sent the team through a lengthy dull The line up that first took the field for yesterday’s practree was not the same as
has been frequently seen on the , , . field during the past week The , ,, , ,
The highest indiviaual scorers were Fleck of Sigma Nu, Goris of Beta Theta Pi, and Wheton of Acacia Fleck register 210 points to take first place in the individual scoring Goiis earned 181 points to
coaches made the changes in order that every candidate be given a chance to demonstrate his ability
Rose Stars
159 points to finish third
Team scords lor the meet were ps follows Acacia 299 points, Alpha Tau Omega 268 points. Sigma Nu 264 points. Delta Tau Delta 221
Included in the starting backfield Pi 181 points, were two Boilermakers players t^u Epsilon Phi 165 points. Theta from last season, Ed Cycenas and x, 139 points. Sigma Alpha Mu 87 Lew Rose Rose was one of the Triangle 89 points, a^ spectacuar players on Emmet Low- j^elta Upsiloq 41 points
eiy’s freshmen eleven last fall At times during yesterday’s dull Rose was outstanding with some beautiful broken field running At least twice during the afternoon he evaded tacklers for considerable gains after receiving passes from
Dan, the quarterback
More Performers
Others who performed well in yesterday’s drill weie Rollie But ler, at guard. Rocky Milla at fullback, Joe Buseemi at end, Hibler
lournamenf From TEP
Inter fraternity badminton competition was terminated Tuesday with the Acacia term defeating Tau Epsilon Phi’s team, in the final lound Acacia’s team consisted of Teufel and Giaumlich, the runnerups wcie Strauss and Siegfried In the semi final round Acacia
and Darr at quarterback Col.ngs defeated Sigma Nu, while the Delta
and Schultz atend, and backfield
men Dubiciki, Mihal and Tetek
Upsilon team was eliminated Tau Epsilon Phi twosome TRY AN EXPONENT
CLASSIFIED
by
ora
Notices
staff Members Members wl o wish cop ei of the new catalogue may get them by tele phoning the editois olliee or calling in per eon —BODDFN AU Students Ary students who wish to work for the Registrar during the registra tion for the semi term August 31 and Sep tember 1 will please leaee their names at the desk in the Rcgi trar s Offiee -falONF August Graduates All m i Ligiieeiing and Scienee graduates sl^ould r p 11 to the Personnel Office as soon a possible to ci m plete their persoi i el eards Also taeulty recommendation sheets diuul 1 be turned in before graduation —CASON Alpha Zeta h] tion f 11 eers w 11 1 e held in room 303 of the Union at 30 p m on Thursdas August 13 All member of other ehajiters who are att r ding tic Un versity at the i re ent time are urge 1 to attend the meeting —PONDl R PIA Junior Nurses Aides You may rail for your eertifieates lor the summei « work at the west desk in the Ur ion th \ e k —RIBOKDY Pi lau Sigma K >s are ir and n aj be obtained at the M L office —LVANS Eta Kappa Nu ih le will be a In i i meeting at 6 30 i m August 13 at the Nu China Cafe fry to be there —SMITH AU Debris Workers Meet in Debris jffiee at 7 1 ml ridav foi meeting — NhLSL TSME Seniors Be sure t fill cut aj plie i lions for trar sfer of m mb rsl ip 1 efuie 1 i v mg bthjol Cet } uillaiilisii Mh ffie BADGl R PEW Loekers W nei stiliits i t t tending tb s mi t rin si ull nrty gjrn looker and turn II lock 3.10 f n d HA/Ll ION PEW Golf All g II clubs must be islieeked in to Department ollite at on HAZUION George (lull lUeetni < utsid J laysh i ti night at midiiiglit Bung lipstick r< tills —CLORGL JgH
IS
THE
3e your own Beauty Expert
Choose the special beauty tieatment \ cieated for the needs of your skin. Follow it faithfully. This IS the “expel t” way, the quickest, most effective' way to loveliness now an4 I — always.'
—Make PASTEURIZED FACE CREAM (1 00) your many purpose beauty treatment— to cleanse, soothe, soften your skin For a lovely make up that stays fresh and flawless all day, wear flattering, protective TOWN & COUNTRY MAKE-UP FILM. 1 00. To “know” your skin ..to use your preparations most effectively for the answer to special problems, consult our trained Helena Rubinstein representative Helena Rubinstein Normal Skin Treatment, 2.00. Also Treat' ments for the Dry, the Oily, the Disturbed, the Mature, the Dull, Drab Skin Piiu Ton