u
Purdue
Z-186
Exponent
Lafayette. Indiana
THURSDAY
May 25, 1939
VoLSO
No. 191
m COMES TO CAMPOS TODAY
Literary Winners Hear Van Heren
5 Students Badly injured, 1 Killed . in Auto Collision Four Purdue University students remained in serious condition at Home Hospital last night, following a severe automobile accident which cost the life of their school mate R. F. Seybold, 18, of Indianapolis. Bill Peak, Lafayette, driver and only occupant of the car which collided with the students^ automobile, is also in serious condition. Others in the hospital are Eleanor nor Kistler, HE ’42; Mary Mathes, HE ’40; Kay Howell, HE ’42; and Tom Jay, Eng ’42. Fred Douglas, Eng ’42, was released from the hospital with only minor injuries. Seybold died of a skull fracture soon after he was taken to St. Elizabeth’s hospital. All other crash vicitims were taken to Home Hospital. BULLETIN At 1:30 a. m.. Home Hospital reported all three girls with head injuries. Mathes remained unconscious, while Kistler and Howell were asleep. Jay, with gashed throat, cuts and bruises, was resting easily. Peak, with cuts about the face and an injured shoulder, was in fair condition. Further information cannot be obtained until X-rays have been taken.
The accident happened at 7:30 p. m., when the three couples were leturning from a picnic in the country. Peak’s car collided with their’s at 9th and Boulecard streets. The co-eds are members of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and the men belong- to Phi Gamma Delta fiaternity. Mary Mathes is a junior, but all other students are fresh-
Submarine...
. . . survivors, 25 in all, were believed to have reached the surface late last night. It is feared that 26 are dead. A second tragedy almost occurred when the rescue chamber cables jammed with the last load of survivors still 150 feet below the surface. However, after several hours, the cables were freed and the last 9 men, including the operator of the chamber, stepped out onto the deck of the rescue ship, Falcon. Marionette Group Postpones Show “Treasure Island,” which was to be produced today, tomorrow, and Saturday, by the marionette group of the puttering room under the auspices of playshop, has been postponed until the last week of October next fall, according to a statement made yesterday by Ed Grier, who is in charge of production. Delay was made unavoidable by the production of “Journey’s End,” and finals which cut into the time of Tau Alpha Phi, dramatic honorary members, who were to have made recordings for the speaking parts, and by circumstances which made the recording facilities of the speech department and WBAA un-
available.
Because of these delays, Grier said that he had decided to postpone production rather than put on a show without its final polish.
Pulitzer Prize Winner Speaks On Factors Influencing Present Day Literature “Pictures that we as human beings must project ourselves into, play not only the greatest influence in our lives, but also in the literature of our times,” said Carl Van Doren, Pulitzer prize winner and principal speaker at the annual Literary Banquet held last night in the Union ballroom. Student winners in the various
divisions of the annual literary contest were announced by Prof. F. A. Cummings of the English department. The following were recip-
ients of first prizes:
Paul B. Newman, science essay. Dean B. Enders prize of $10; Arlen D. Brown, history essay, HockemaStewart prize of $15; Chester Riegle, informal essay. Governor M. Clifford Townsend cup; Helen Steffee, short story, Horace G. Reisner cup; Jack Elliott, short play, George Ade cup; Jary Cleveland, poem, David E. Ross cup; and the Winterrowd award for the best individual library collected by a student, Dorothea Justin and John Wayne Buck,
each prizes of $50.
President E. C. Elliott introduced ' Mr. Van Doren and served as toastmaster, giving a short history of the Scrivener Club and the former speakei s that have appeared at past Literary Banquets. Dr. Elliott stated that Van Doren had supplanted Benjamin Franklin in his interest since he had read the biography. Van Doren’s speech concerned the leasons for the type of literature that we have and the factors that
influence it.
“Plays in which the witty repar tee flies thick and fast are of course not true to the situations from which they are taken. Liteiature merely throws many happenings together so that a smooth flow of language lesults. Its main purpose is to simplify the awful facts of
life.”
Admires Ade Van Doien paid great tribute to George Ade as a wi-iter of the “greatest contemporary history of real people.” He said that Ade played a big part in influencing him in taking an interest in literature when his college days were occupied with thoughts of athletics. He related an amusing incident that occurred ^everal decades ago when Franklin P. Adams, then selling insurance in Chicago, heard that Ade had come to town and wanted to talk to the great author. After making arrangements he went to Ade’s apartment in the Chicago Athletic Club and found him eating strawberries in bed at 11 o’clock in the morning, and decided there that if authors could do that he was going to be an author; and thus F. P. A. started on his career. Say It First Van Doren stated that our literature is written about things that exist only in the imagination. When we finally do adopt a new picture in which to project ourselyes, our literature is changed accordingly. He concluded saying that the idea behind all literature is “How can we know what we think until we’ve heard what we said?”
President
Board Elects Junior Football Managers A. W. Kettler, Sigma Chi, of Fort Wayne, and R. S. Colquhoun, Phi Delta Theta, of Shaker Heights, 0., were elected junior football managers yesterday afternoon by the electoral board, composed of Nobel Kizer, athletic director; Mai Elward, football coach; and the three
football managers.
D. J. Walsh, Sigma Phi Epsilon, of Pelham, N. Y., was elected alternate. He will become a junior manager in the event that either Kettler or Colquhoun fails to return to
school.
Kettler is in the civil school; Colquhoun is a mechanical. The junior managers will be in charge of football practice next fall, and will accompany the “B” team
on all trips.
Exponent Workers Will Picnic Sundiy Planning an afternoon of activities topped off by food in the evening, Exponent woikers will attend an all staff picnic Sunday after-
noon.
The committee in charge is trying to arrange for the use of Cary Camp, with Happy Hollow named as an alternate spot. The editorial staff has issued a formal challenge to the business staff for a baseball game to decide for once and all the supremacy between them, and will show them why Sunday! Staffs will assemble in the Union Exponent office at 2:30 p. m. Sunday before their jaunt into the open fields. Pood will come at 25 cents per person, payable before Friday to Dan Heiple on the editorial staff or Ray Hall on the business staff. Forensic Honorary Elects New Officers Tau Kappa Alpha, national forensic honorary fraternity, met last night in room C of the Union, and officers for next year were chosen/ and four new members were initiated. The meeting followed an initiation banquet in room A. Newly elected officers were: Don Paarlburg, president; Maurice Karnowsky, vice-president; Charlotte Finney, secretary. Retiring officers were: Bob Buckles, president; Don Paarlburg, vice-president; Charlotte Lochner, secretary. New initiates were Gene Pechin, Charlotte Finney, Joe Yamamoto, and Mark
Keane.
In addition to the formal initiation, definite plans for a series of forums for next year, similar to those of last semester, were formu-
lated.
D. G. Terrio Don Terrio, ChE ’40, was elected president of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, at a meeting in the Union last night. Other officers are Don Tafel, vice-president; William Harris, secretary; and Roberf J. Deckard, treasurer. Terrio is Exponent editorial director; Tafel is Independent editor-in-chief; Harris is Engineer editor-in-chief; and Deckard writes Exponent’s “Fielder’s Choice” column. Sigma Delta Chi will announce later this semester winner of the Leather Medal and Best Teacher Medallion. The Leather Medal is awarded annually to the person who has “done most for the University.” The Best Teacher Medallion was first awarded last year, to Dr. J. A. Estey. Chuck Coe To Play At Saturday Mixer Dancers will swing and sway to the music of Chuck Coe and his Purduvians at the Saturday night mixer. Coe’s band features the voice of Nona Reedy, “lovely singer of songs.” Those who attended the Junior Prom will remember the color organ which was initiated last Friday. This organ will be used at this dance on a white backdrop, in an effort to bring out all possible color combinations. By the use of the white backdrop, which is being used in place of the fountain that was used previously, a very beautiful combi- ^ nation of all the colors of the rainbow may be observed.
Nicaraguan President Will View University Farms This Afternoon Opening with a 21 gun salute at 11:15 a. m., fired by the crack Zouave squad, the program outlined for President Anastasio Somoza of Nicaragua, who arrives on the campus today, will whisk the president around the campus with hardly a moment to spare until his departure on the 5:45 p. m. train for Chicago.
Guard Of Honor
Ceremonies on the oval, following the salute, will continue with an inspection of the guard of honor, composed of 47 members of Scabbard and Blade and POMM; the Nicaraguan national anthem played by the band while President Somoza places a wreath on the grave of John Purdue; a welcome by President Elliott, of the University; presentation of the University seal on a plaque to Somoza by David E. Ross, president of the board of trustees; a greeting from Govenior M. Clifford Townsend; and yells led by Stubby Meier, closing with “Hail Purdue” by the band.
Alpha Phi Omega Fingerprinting To Close Today “Name in full, place of birth, any identifying marks?” ran the questions at the Alpha Phi Omega, scouting honorary, fingerprint booth yesterday afternoon in the great hall of the Union as a last flurry of fingerprinting brought the second day’s run to a close. Approximately 350 students had their prints taken during the two days. They will be placed on file with the Lafayette police, the state department, and the national bureau at Washington, D. C. Three cards, carrying the height, weight, name and general description of each applicant, along with the prints of each finger separately and one of the whole hand for each hand, and a small card with a print of the right thumb, to be carried by the person, make up the entire procedure. Fingerprinting will continue until 6 p. m. today, when it will close entirely. The short stay has been to test student reaction to civilian identification, and may be continued with a plan to cover the whole University next fall if it proves successful, according to A1 Yates, of Alpha Phi Omega. Co-eds have been slow in coming in, Yates stated, and emphasized for their benefit that the ink washes oflF easily. John K. Mugg... . . . Ag ’40, placed eleventh in a nation-wide dairy cattle judging contest conducted by “Hoard’s Dairyman,” national dairy publica-
tion.
Breeds judged included Brown Swiss, Jersey, Guernsey, Holstein, and Ayrshire.
300 Gallons Of Ice Cream Produced Daily At Purdue Creamery To Feed Students
Sigma Delta Psi... . ,. athletic honorary, announces the election of the following officers for the coming school year: F. L. Menke, president; R. A. Fink, vice-presi-dent; R. J. Wente, secretary.
WAA To Present Awards Tonight Awards of numerals, “P” monograms, and skins will be made at the annual Spring Sports Spread at 5:30 tonight at the WAA cabin. Friends and members of the organization are invited to attend. Tickets .may be purchased from any council member or in the women’s gym office. Bette Smith and Georgia Walker are in charge of the spread.
By Morgan L. Miers It seems like an awful lot of ice cream, but Prof. R. E. Roberts of the Dairy department distinctly told nfe yesterday afternoon that the Purdue University Creamery was producing 300 gallons per day to feed the hundreds of hungry mouths that file into Smith Hall to consume the large nickel dishes of the velvety smooth nourishment each day. Gallon Per Minute One of the most modern devices in the plant is the continuous, direct expansion freezer that consolidates the flavored cream in exactly 17 seconds, making a gallon per minute. The $2,400 stainless steel, two pump, machine operates under pressure, thus making it possible to produce brick ice cream. Even in this hot weather only a small part of the milk used in the plant goes for ice cream. Daily the University Creamery uses five tons of milk, bottling 2,400 quarts, and churning over 1,000 pounds into butter. The remaining quantity is used to make such products as cheese, coffee cream, cottage cheese, and buttermilk.
The modern wooden butter churn holds 1,200 pounds and is a shoi-t barrel with a large diameter, thus making it possible to use cooler cream and secure a firmer butter granule which can be worked more successfully to produce a dry body, uniform composition butter. All cream used in making buttfer is number 1 gp:ade. 20 Tons Machinery Twenty tons of refrigerating machinery are used in the plant to perform such operations as freezing the ice cream, cooling milk and cream, keeping chocolate milk, and butter-
milk.
When I asked Professor Roberts what he atributed the high quality of the University mil products to, he answered, “There are four' main reasons, first, all our employees are trained since they have either graduated from the four year or the eight weeks’ course in dairying; second, we use the most scientific methods of production; third, our equipment is the best, and everything meets the Indiana State Board of Health requirement, and fourth, the products we use are of number 1 quality.
Luncheon Addresses Luncheon in the Union ballroom at 12 o’clock will be marked by talks from Ma^or Dwight Keim of West Lafayette, Governor Townsend, Lieutenant Governor Schricker, David E. Ross, and President Somoza. President Elliott will pre-
side.
Adjourning by 1:45 p. m., the men of the party will begin the campusfarm tour, while the ladies are entertained by a special trip thtough the women’s residence halls and the Home Economics building, followed by tea in the Elliott home. Livestock Exhibits ' President Somoza will be taken on an auto tour covering the entire campus, farms and airport. His visit to the farms will be for the purpose of inspecting the beef and dairy herds, and will end on the main University farm for a show of livestock. Dean V. C. Freeman, Prof. J. H. Hilton, and Prof. C. P. Gobble are in charge of the stock exhibit. WBAA Broadcast WLW will 'broadcast from the University farm, with WBAA doing the honors at the opening ceremony on the oval, and luncheon in the ballroom. At 4:15 p. m. the party will leave for Logansport, from where they will take the train to Chicago at 5:45 p. m. Women's Honorary To Initiate Sunday Twenty-one pledges to Alpha Lambda Delta, national scholastic honorary for freshmen women, will be initiated Sunday morning at 8:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Election of officers for the coming year will be held at this time. Jane Horn is in charge of the breakfast which will be served following the initia-
tion.
Co-eds who will be initiated are: Gertrude Arnold, Opal Blagrove, Janet Bourne, Cornelia Caldwell, Mary Ann Carpenter, Alice Ruth Collings, Peggy Davis, Patricia Flint, Marybelle Halstead, Mary Ermie Irwin, Florence Justin, Barbara Lommen, Agnes McCulloch, Betty Morris, Edna Nottingham, Virginia Sommer, Bonnie Swope, Enid Thomas, Eleanor Vansickle, Betty Wilkinson, and Mary Ellen
Wirt.
Co-ed Houn...
... for the final examinatj^on period were announced last night by Martha Moorhead as follows: Monday May 29,12 o’clock, Tuesday through Thursday, 11 p. m., Friday and Saturday, 1 a. m., Monday and Tuesday 11 a. nt., Wednesday and Thursday, June 7 and 8,12 o’clock, and Friday ahd Saturday, 1 a. m.£dihfuaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J^uduMA,
Thuisdoy, May 25, 1939
America's "Good Neighbor"... ... policy towards Latin-American countries will be factually exhibited today when President Anastasio Somoza of Nicaragua visits the Purdue campus. In his honor, 11 o’clock classes will be shortlived, and a special program has been planned on the Oval. As recently as Calvin Coolidge’s term of office, Nicaraguan attitude toward the United States was fairly hostile, and U. S. Marines guarded American interests in that country. The last decade has seen a complete change of attitude, and today Nicaragua is one of our best “Good Neighbors.” The necessity of American control of Nicaraguan import duties, hctual or supposed, is regarded as a thing of the past. Both Americans and Nicaraguans now mutually evidence a friendly feeling toward visitors from their “Good Neighbor.” This country also has a reciprocal trade agreement with Nicaragua, only a few months old. In 1913 the United States signed treaty rights with Nicaragua for construction of a Pacific-Atlantic canal. At the present time Nicaragua is pleased with this treaty, and both countries have indicated favor toward the canal. It was almost touch-and-go at the century’s beginning whether the United States would have a Panama or Nicaraguan canal. In any event, this second canal may be regarded as a potential possibility for increased national defense. . President Somoza, we join with our fellow student and your nephew, Luis DeBayle, in setting before you the Purdue “welcome” mat.
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at tbe post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Ck>nere8S of Mardi 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1017, authorised January 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday duringr the resular academic year and weekly dnrinsr U*e Summer Session; Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editorial Board
R. E. Insley ...
,...,.....Editor-ih-CMof ...Business Manager
D. G. Terrlo .... G. W. Frederick E. M. Antonin!
Editorial Director .... Senior Advertlsinir Manager
R. Jenkins
Junior Staff
Sports Editor
Editorial R. P. DeEfoog R. W. Donahue D. K. Heiple J. H. McKee M. L. Miers J. C. Willsey
Business R. Fisher R. Hall A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Burtafield G. Carroll B. Simpson
D. J,
Henninger, Ari; Director
PHONES
Editorial
Sports
Business
4005
2792
5038
REPRB9BNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Represesstative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICACO ■ BOSTOII ■ Los AMILSS -‘SAN' rRANCISCO This newspaper ia written, edited,and pubUahcd by undergrraduate students ot Fnrdua University. AU (n>inions in it, unless otherw^e accredited,’ are. stndent Opinions, and do not necessarily eoin'elde witb tbs oflioial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Bditorial Director.
W BAA Programs
Night Editor—Miers Issue Editor—Skallemp Thursday, May 25, 1939
Besides Dr, Elliott and Governor Townsend, the entire student body will do its best to make your visit to Purdue most enjoyable.
The Three Little Fishies and lots of their chums will be getting around again this week end even though the pink peril has descender and finals are close behind. For members of Cary Club and the lucky few who will receiv ebids, this Friday night is a red letter date. Ted Weems and his very fine dance band are scheduled to play for this dance in the ballroom on Friday night. Some pai’ty ? ? —H & H— We saw an item about Purdue in a Java newspaper the other day. It was written in a language with which we were not familiar, but an interpreter told us it was something about a girl losing her smile. Closer investigation disclosed that the item was titled “What Is A Smile Worth?” and told about June Spry, the Purdue co-ed who sued for ten. thousand dollars, claiming she had lost her smile in an automobile wreck. The Java paper thought
this was a very unusual bit of news. —H & H— Another gala party planned for this Friday night is the fraternitysorority spring formal being given by Phi Mu and Phi Sigma Kappa at Allen’s ballroom. Iryan Maury and his orchestra will play for the dance. —H & H— Our brain no longer seems to function correctly. We are either
EVERYTHING FOR THE LAWN Lawn: Hose, Sprinklers, Mowers, Rakes and Brooms. JOHN SPERB, Hdw. 822 MAIN ST PHONE 2777
in the midst of a “nothing ever happens” period, or we have lost our nose to get (or make) news. It must be the season of the year! Have you noticed the number of students who have taken up bike riding and go to and from classes by such a method of transportation. It is the very latest fad to go roll, roll, rolling along.
The John Marshall
LAW
—TODAY— 11:00—PTA Program, Rev. Doyle Mullen. 11:15—Broadcast of Ceremony Greeting President Anastasio Somoza of Nicaragua on the P-urdue University Campus. 12:00—Broadcast from luncheon for President Somoza in the Union Building on Purdue University Campus. 2:00—The Apothecary. 2:16—State Safety. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—Wallace Woodrow, baritone, and Elmert Carlquist, tenor. 3;15—Milton Gregory, pianist. 3:30—Parade of Business. 3:45—^Kraft S^ophone Quartette. 4:00—Melody Moods. 4:30—Morey Doyle, pianist. 4:45—Story Book Hour. On Saturday night the Phi Kappa Taus will have their formal at the. chapter house while the Theta Chi’s svring out at 'an informal radio dance. There will be a mixer in the ballroom on Saturday night of this week and also on next Saturday night, June 3. That just about winds up social affairs for the year, Of course we can all get together again on Thursday, June 15, when registration for summer school begins. We’ll really just be trying to raise a grade . . raise it from a D. —H & H— Famous Final Thought: You might as well give up trsdng to keep up with the crowd. They’re not going anywhere, anyhow.
SCHOOL FOUNDED 1899 AN ACCREDITED LAW SCHOOL TEXT and CASE METHOD • For Catalog, recommended list of pre-legal subjects, and booklet, "Studyof tawand Proper Preparation" address: Edward T. Lee, Dean.
COURSES (40 weeks per yea r) Afternoon—3J4 years 5 days... 4:30-6:30 Evening — 4 years Mon., Wed., Fri., 6:30-9:20
■t;
Post-graduate
1 year..twicea week Practice courses
exclusively.
All courses lead
to degrees.
Two years' college work required for
entrance.
New classes form^ in Sept, and Feb.
315 Plymouth Ct., Chicago, ill.
FRATERNITIES and SORORITIES Now Is the Time to Repair Tin and Sheet Iron Work of Every Description Fnmace Work of All Kinds JOHN BALKEMA Tin Shop 104 Main St. Phone 6852
STARTS SUNDAY NEW MAIN
TODAY Thru SATURDAY He WAS GALLOPING JUSTICE! BOB BAKER
_ WITH —■ PAUL KELLY LORNA GRAY
■•IfO'
ThBncHTiMsatmom
-plushawk of the WILDERNESS No. 1
HELD OVER THRU SATURDAY BY POPULAR DEMAND i O'* “otMf . Jer 'htoo9« ” eote*' thritt* ^ advent'*"'' ^^e0^m
I CECIL B. I DeMILLE'S JUNIOH. (PACIFIC pi k Paranotiot Pictare starriD( f Barbara Stanwyck I HU Joel McCrea win ^, Akin Taniroff • Robert Preston L: ^ Lynne Overnan • Brian Donlevy I PndiiCMl imI Oiiwted by Cecil B. DeMiilO
LamMETlE
Pin Tuck Proety Whites in hore styles tool yoMY heels" end breexy strap creations.... oil with that expensive look minus the expensive price.
331
Custodian Conferences Begin Warsaw Tomorrow Culminating in a two-day all-state conference at the University June 13-14, a series of regional custodian conferences will be held throughout the state, beginning at Warsaw Friday. George H. Bush, custodian counselor of the University division of education, applied psychology, and engineering extension, will be in charge of all the meetings.
LUMA Today-Friday-Saturday
2 FIRST RUN FEATURES
For your greatest screeo thrili...join
A Parotnounb Picnir* with
JOHN HOWARD-HEATHER ANCa Plus . . . 2nd FEATURE!
W’g JOE FRISCO
smmnE •lOE FHISCO Vi
20c to 6:00 then 10-20-25C
AIR CONDITIONED
IMaiiI
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS "WE DEMAND PROTECTION!" The press roared. "Justice" slept. A cop and a great dog smash gangdom!
TIM HOLT*VIRGINIA WEIBLER . JANET SHAW Ace, the Wonder Deg Plus In Six Crowded Hours A Lifetime of Terror!
GRANT WITHERS EXTRA — DONALD DUCK
FREDDIE nSHHl'S SCHNICKELFRITZ BAND FRIDAY NIGttT LINCOLN LODGE $1.65 per couple Tickets At Eddie Yuill Linco Service Station
THEOREATEST TURF THRILL OF THE YEAR!
““‘WWllfljgfBrz^srlL'
extra—COLOR CARTOON
roDAV ■ FRI.
STOP BAeOAOl-ITIS!
Use this easy, economicar RAILWAY Express cure — pre-tested by thousands of carefree collegians: (1) Pack everything carefully into your trunks, boxes and ba^s. (2) Lock, strap and label ’em deftly. (3) Phone or drop by the Railway Express office and tell them to call and u>/?ere to deliver. THAT’S ALL! Your baggage is practically home. Charges include pick-up and delivery in all cities and principal towns. And you can send everything "express collect”—at low rates. So when your holiday baggage is ready, just phone RAILWAY Express to call. You can then board your train without a care in the world! t839—A Cenluty o/Serv/ce—1039
Railwa
XPRESS
agedjcyX™^ Inc.
See the RAILWAY EXPRESS Exhibits at the New Ydrk World’s Fair and the San Francisco Golden Gate International Exposition.
(0
IJFf
Thursday, May 25, 1939
THE PURDUE
§hiih1-A.
EXPONENT
Diamondmen Prepare For In Annual Wabash Michigan; Seek Title Share River Swim Today
Fresh from an 8-4 victory over the Butler Bulldogs, the Boilermaker diamondmen toiled through a strenuous workout yesterday in preparation for this week end’s two tilts with Michigan. Victories in both of these games, which will ring down the curtain on the Eiveter’s ’39 season, would give the Boilermakers a chance of grabbing a share of the Big Ten title. Resting in third placS on the conference ladder with five victories and three defeats, the Boilermakers still retain a mathematical chance to figure in the title distribution. In an effort to finish the season on the right side of the ledger, ©each “Dutch” Pehring plans to send Bob Bailey, sophomore right hander to
the mound for Friday’s opener, and use either Dick Wargo, John Emmert, or Arnold Bredewater in Saturday’s final. Intramural Schedule TENNIS Today 4:15 p. m. All Campus Final Harry Deutman vs. Fred Richards. Delta Chi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon “B” Doubles Klein vs. Lucht or Vitale
The Connecticut legislature has passed a bill changing the name of Connecticut State College to University of Connecticut.
This afternoon at 4:16 Boilermaker “Tarzan’s” will begin the annual Purdue intramural river swim of two-and-one-half miles down the Wabash River from Lincoln Lodge to the Brown street bridge. Swimmers will meet at the Fieldhouse at 4 p. m. and will be furnished transportation to the Lodge. Each swimmer will be followed by a boat, and the swim will be completed by the winning swimmer by 4:46. Last year’s swim was won by John Graham, swimming the two-and-one-half mile distance in 21:67 minutes. His time is the record for the event. Southern Illinois Normal University students spend $60,000 a year to see moving pictures.
Three Schools To Bowl In Telegraphic Meet Members of Women’s Physical Education bowling classes of Purdue, Illinois, and Michigan Universities will vie for honors m a telegraphic tournament to be held Thursday at 7 o’clock. Purdue’s tournament will be held in the Union bowling alleys and will be open to the public. Two teams of Purdue participants were chosen from the PEW bowling classes on the basis of their last five class averages. Qualifying rounds last week produced the highest eight who are to bowl in the tournament. Members of the advanced team are: Eleanor Smith, Mary Edith Monk, Ruth Swift, and Betty Braesmele. The beginning team is composed of Bonny Ketchan, Irene Sack^, Elizabeth Rubright, and Janet Craig.
Phillips To Use Full Squad For State Meet Saturday Coach Phillips plans to take a full squad of Boilermaker track men to the state meet to be held at Notre Dame Saturday. Two winners of blue ribbons in last year’s track events, Steve Gutting and Eric Wadleigh, will be included on this squad. Bob Lemen, the other Riveter to win a first, has been lost by graduation.
The Boilermakeis nave been strong on the tiack events this season and theie is a possibility that they may be able to surprise Indiana and Notre Dame and take first or second in the meet. Duiing the past few years Indiana and Notre Dame have taken the top positions With Purdue always being pushed down to third position. Hurdles Look Safe Gutting seems to be heads-on favorite to retain his title in the high huidles, but will have to contend
with Cochran of Indiana in the lows. The Hoosier hurdler nosed out Steve for fiist place in the low hurdles in the Big Ten meet last week and a leal duel should result again this week when these two stars clash. Jake Webei, shot putter, has been steadily improving and will be another thieat Saturday. Bud Clevett and Alden Knapp, sophomore and senior long distance runners, respectively, will compete in the two mile, with Knapp running the mile.
Buy your PALM BEACH Suits from DEWENTER’S
iOONAlNST
You asked for them— And here they are... PALM BEACH AIRTONES Airiest weightless weaves in the world. ^ Cooler than any smart suit you’ve ever worn. Soft to the hand ... easy on the eye . . . tailored to fit as washable suits have never fit before. Unbelievable value at
AvaOable in deep shades for business as well as lighter tones for sports. Airtone ^ slacks to match or contrast . . $4.75
GULLION'S
QUIZ
1. What summer suit has 1600 open windows in every inch of cloth—to let the body breathe? 2. W^hat is the coolest color a man can wear? 3. What is the world’s only tvashable suit with a weightless shoulder lift? 4. What suit Weighs less than 36 oudces in a 37 size? 5. What does it cost to be cool and comfortable all summer long? ANSWERS 1. Genuine Palm Beach ^ 2. Palm Beach White 3. Genuine Palm Beach 4. Palm Beach Airtones j 5. $13.30, the price of the new PALM BEACH SUITS
'A
175 FOR SLACKS-$18.50 FOR FORMALS)
'Where can Palm Beach Suits be bought.^ At your favorite clothier—everywhere at their low nationwide price. Goodall Company, Cincinnati, Ohio.
It's no fun to be fooled
We have no bag of tricks . . . Fooling folks is something we're not fond of . . . You'll never find yourself holding a three spot when you think you've drawn an ace. The man who comes to us for a PALM BEACH SUIT walks out with one. We'll admit that sometimes he walks out with two or three — but that's only because he knows a good thing when he sees it — and — because our selection is so wide and tempting that he CAN'T RESIST. But, after all, why should he — when the price presents the Season's smartest value—at—
$15.50
IN SUITS FOR BUSINESS AND PLEASURE
500 MAIN ST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
500MAIMST
CLOTHES SHOP iNC.
V
'■/jr".n
^[locaL (Ml,
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
O^nficoA.
Thursday, May 25, 1939
Notices
G. E. 11-12—EngineerinK Drawing: Students desiring to remove "C’s” and "I’a” before the close of the present semester, please make arrangements at room 202, Michael Golden Shops. —RISING.
Co-op Houses: Anyone interested in participating in a co-op table this summer will hold a meeting at Kagawa House, 817 Vine Street, Friday, May 26, at 4 p. m. Anyone who can not attend the meeting please call me. Telephone 2667. —WORTHINGTON.
Exponent Siaffa: All membera of tba editorial, business, and sports staff aie invited to a picnic at Sappy Hollow Sunday afternoon, May 28. Meet at 2:30 p m. in the Union Price is 25c per person payable to either Dan Heiple or Ray Hall. —INSLEY.
Advanced Military: Seniors scheduled for Thursday Corps Day will assemble in room 103, Armory, at 11 a, m. Thursday, May 26. Uniform not necessary. —J. A. PICKERING.
AH Students: Those whose course of study calls for electives during the school year 1939-40 must make a choice before the end of this semester. This applies to all present juniors,! present sophomores except in forestry, cnemical, metallurgical, mechanical, and pubvic service engineering, and engi-neering-law. Offices of the heads of the schools and registrar have plans of study. These students should consult the Dean or head oy his school at an early date. Those contemplating a change of schools are advised to file application before the end of the present semester. (6-10) —STONE.
WAA Archery Tournament: Class team tournament will start on Monday, May 22, and will continue until Thursday, May 26. Membera wanting WAA points must turn in their score sheets at gym office by Thursday, May 26, at the latest. —MOREHOUSE.
Final Exam Notice: Check the final examination schedule again to be sure that you have noted the proper time and place of your finals. Failure to understand or misreading the schedule sheet are not sufficient causes to warrant a second examination. Absence from a final exam will necessitate the recording of a failing grade in that course (5-29) —M. L FISHER.
Summer School Students: Students who are planning on attending summer school should secure the necessary forms from the Director of Admissions’ office at once. By filling out these forms and returning them now much time can be saved June 16. (6-26) —DAMMON.
Musical Organizations: Sign up in Music office, Fowler Hall, now for department banquet bo be held May 25th. —STEWART.
Gimlet Men: Seniors whose diploma fees are paid can get receipts and commencement tickets at cashier’s office. —HARPER-
Alpha L.ambda Delta: Initiation has been postponed until Sunday, May 28, at 8:30 a. m. —BURNHAM.
Mortar Board: Meeting of actives in WSGA office Friday, May 26, at 6 p. m. Bring mortar board pin Meeting is very important. —WOOD.
Gold Peppers: Meeting Thuisday, May 25, at 5 p m in WSGA office. Compulsory attendance —MITCHTJLL.
Fraternity Presidents and House Managers: Plans are under way for organization of cooperative buying plan. A meeting will be held early next week to sign agreements and make initial deposits. Please do not sign fall buying contracts. See Viehe, Breuer, Houston, or me for further details. (5-26) —CATTERALL.
Co-op Houses: There will be a meeting of everyone interested in eating at a coo)p board during the summer term at Kagawa house Friday, May 26, at 4 p. m. All those interested, but who cannot at tend the meeting, please call 2667. —WORTHINGTON.
Scrivener: Initiation banquet Saturday, May 27, at 6 30 at Wheeler’s Initiation at 6 30 in room 2 of the Union Call 2106 for reservations —FINNEY.
Drawing Plates-—G. E. 12: Those who took Engineering Drawing, first semester, may have their drawing plates by calling at the stock loom, 3rd floor, Michael Golden Shops, on or before noon Saturday, June 3rd. —RISING. Mortar Board: Initiation of pledges Sunday, May 28, at 7 45 a m. at Miss Mitchell’s home on Stadium road. —WOOD.
STARTS SUNDAY NEW MAIN
SchiFfs Present
CAROL flnn SUMMER STYLES FOR SMART WOMEN
You'll feel Cooler and look Smarter in
15 STYLES
You will adore the new Carol-Ann Styles. They're the loveliest shoes in town. Open-toes, Open-backs. Every new material. All those expensive looking styles FOR LESS!
New! Charming! “JUNE PRESTON” DRESSES for Young Girls Dresses you’ll adore — made up in lovely poplin prints— cute styles — attractive contrasting trim effects. Wonderful values for only $1.00 ♦ ♦ ♦ Sac-de-Perle HAND BAGS New and Smart White Bags That Are Easily Washable. They are soil-proof, rain-proof, perspiration-proof, ink-stain-proof. In alligator and lace grain. Priced at $1.98-$2.98 THIEME &
C
622-626 Main Street
Soft Lights Sweet Music and FLOWERS
For the "big"" dance of the year certainly her corsage should be the finest. Clark"s feature the latest styled corsages, offering the finest selection of hybrid orchids, and all other type of corsage flowers.
527 Main
CIojJl JJbijcxL Qo,
Phone 5432
Exponent Edtorial Staff: The following are scheduled to work Thursday, May 26: McKee, Donahue, Elvis, Parks, Carow, Sears, Hays, Fletcher, Jarrett, and Hupp. —FRED.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting in room B of the Union Thursday, May 26, at 7:30 p. m. All students are invited. —BURBRINK.
Purdue Engineer: Important meeting of the freshman editorial staff in the office at 4 p. m. Friday, May 26. —SQUIRES.
WANTED—Students to deliver the Purdue Exponent next year. Write to the Purdue Exponent, Circulation Dept., P. O. Box 225, L^ayette, and include your present phone number.
ALTERATIONS, repairing and mending 'neatly done. Phone 2637.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the fiist semester registration, September 11, 42 and 13, are requested to make application before the end of the present year, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. —STONE.
Modern Dance Group: Important meeting Thursday, May 26, at 4 p. m. in the women’s gym. —HICKMAN.
Military Guard for Somoza: Guard of honor and color guard for President Somoza will assemble at the Armory at 10 :4B a. m. Thursday, May 26. Members are excused from classes beginning at 10 a. m —LARR.
TUTORING in physics, mathematics, and applied mechanics for Chicago residents. All summer. Mr. Stevens, 11218 S. Church St. Phone Beverly 9475.
Flying Club: rinal meeting of the semester will be Thursday, May 26, at 7':30 p. m. in room C of the Union. Awards for the air meet will be presented, and announcement of the time and place for joint Flying and Glider Club party will be made. Officers for the next semester will be elected. All members are urged to attend. —CHEVEDDEN.
WATCHES cleaned, $1.00. Main springs, $1.00. Ciystals, 26c and 36c. Alarm clocks cleaned, 50c. Work guaranteed. Kellar’s Watch Shop, 223 Main. ,
WANTED—Summer students, automatic water heater, single beds, use of electric refrigerator. $5 per month. 108 Waldron. Phone 41862.
The University of Texas student eir^loyment bureau has a tightrope walker available for engagement.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting at 7 o’clock in Agriculturist office Thursday, May 25. Full attendance is expected. Short meeting. —HITCHCOCK.
Activities Bureau Interviewers: All students planning to interview freshmen next year meet in room B of the Union Thursday, May 26. —DARR.
"SUN DROPS"
Sheer magic in this anti-crease Polka Dot voile frock Light hearted as an ocean breeze Talon fastened Hop
Other Carole King Frocks . , . $2.98 and $3.98
sacking jacket and voluminous skirt LOEB & HENE CO.
add to its versatility. Sizes 11-15 $7.98