'1
This Newspojper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY Biforch 17,1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 137
ConvoGo-ersToHear Forensic League To Convene Today Catholic World Editor Por Debate, Declamation Tourney
Gillis In Fowler Hall
Father James Martin Gillis, of New York City, editor of the Catholic World Magazine, will lecture on Sunday morning, at the regular convocation for worship in Eliza Fowler Hall, on the subject, “The Arts and Religion: Twin Ways to God.” Dr. Gillis is widely known as the author of many books, including “False Prophets,” “The Catholic Church and the Home,” and “The Ten Commandments.” Because of his outstanding work, he was - chosen as a member of the “Gallery of Living Catholic Authors.” His editorship of the Catholic magazine dates back to 1922. In Demand A noted lecturer. Father Gillis is in demand as a radio speaker as well as religious discussion leader. Last November and December, he delivered a series of talks on the Sunday Evening Catholic Hour over an NBC hook-up. This was the ninth consecutive year for him to perform the service. Among the many honors and distinctions that have been conferred upon him by the leading universities of the country, Father Gillis accepted membership in the “Paulist Fathers” in 1900. He was ordained as priest in 1901. Wabash Is Above Floodstage—Hill Due to heavy rains, the Wabash River is. out of its banks and is overflowing into the lowlands. T. J. Hill, assistant University weather recorder, reported last night that, in the last 24 hours, .86 finches of rain had fallen, causing a rise from 5.7 feet to 14.7 feet which is 1.7 feet above flood stage. Heavy rains north and east of Lafayette were also responsible for the rapid rise of the river. A foi ocast of continual rains is predicted, which will cause a proportionate rise ifi the river. New PE Courses Offer Thorough Training In All Varieties Of Sports By B. D. Witwer One question which often arises in the minds of those students who take Military Training, i.° “What do those fellows do, who are excused from taking Military?” The answer is now revealed. This semester t<vo physical education courses, PE 2 and PE 4, have been planned for those men who are required to take five hours of physical education to replace the Military course. These classes are designed to interest students in all types of sports, get them better acquainted with rules of various games, and to give them a chance to acquire some skill at the sport. Three Divisions The five hours are divid^ into three sections, an hour demonstration and lecture, two hours known as a skill period, and two hours for optional activity outside of class. So far the hour lecture and demonstration have covered track and field sports, all phases of swimming, and bait-casting. Sergeant Purchla, Loomis Heston, and Claude Reeck all gave demonstrationp on -bait-casting in the Fieldhouse pool. Still remaining on the schedule are badminton, wrestling, boxing, fencing, and archery. The two hour lab is spent in mastering the fundamentals put forth in the lecture, and the time is spent playing any one of the 12 spor*ts. After spring vacation, tennis, soccer, and perhaps even rugby will be on this list of sports. Optional Activity In the remaining two hours, the student may do whatever he desires in the line of optional activity so long as he completes his two hours of work. The time which is spent outside of the class room on regular sports activities and in such sports as bowling, archery, and riflery, may be applied towai-d participation.
High school debaters and public speakers of Indiana will convene at the University today artd tomorrow for the Annual Indiana National Forensic League Tournament. This is the second consecutive year the tournament has been held at the University. The tournament is being held tp select the state champions in the four classes who will be sent to compete with champions in other states at the national contest in June. The National Forensic League is a high school honorary for public speaking. '
Winch In Charge
L. S. Winch, of the speech department, is in general charge of the tournament and will be assisted by R. M. Horn and D. Ehninger, also of the speech department. University freshman and varsity debaters will act as chairman and judges during the tournament. Men debate managers A. D. Rush and R. J. Carr, and co-ed debate managers Betty Hiner and Jean Small will head committees to act as hosts to the visiting speakers.
make programs, and arrange for
rooms.
Included in the two-day session will be six rounds of debates, and four rounds each of dramatic declamation,^ oratorical declamation, and extemporaneous speeches. The winner in each event will be sent to the national finals. 14 Schools To Attend Winch expects representatives from 14 Indiana high schools to attend, among which will be Logansport. Fort Wayne, Hammond, North Judson, and several Indianapolis high schools. From 10 to 14 students will represent each school. Registration, which Winch expects to run over 100, will begin in the Union lobby at 10 o’clock this morning. Immediately following, the visiting speakers will be assigned to rooms. School coaches will meet with the tournament committee at 12:30 p. m. Finals in the four classes will begin at 1:30 tomorrow afternoon and will be completed by 5 p. m.
Co-eds To Model Latest Spring Fashions For YWCA Style Exhibit At 4 O'clock
Virginia Hulse, who will model a black and beige street dress and a flowered chiffon formal, at the YWCA St. Patrick’s Day Style Show today, said last night, “The dresses are all very nice. You’ll miss something if you don’t go to see them.” Miss Vera Swan, buyer for a local department store, is in charge of the show, which is sponsored by YWCA, and will be presented to students and faculty in the faculty lounge of the Union, at 4 p. m., today. Other Models Louise Bain, Margaret Dicks, Jeanne Janousek, Virginia Hulse, Harriet Morris, Martha Norman, Mary Petticrew, Rosalee Totten, and Mai-tha Wood will comprise the group of co-eds,- who will model the latest spring fashions. A display of new spring blouses and accessories will also be shown. In speaking of the style show, Jeanne Janousek, who will model a navy blue cape suit and a fox trimmed coat, said, “The clothes are very representative of the new fashions and are worth seeing.” At the short business meetingpreceding the style show, girls who wish to vote in the coming co-ed elections on Wednesday, March 23, will receive notice to check their voting eligibility at the YWCA office on Monday and Tuesday. Foundation To Sponsor Second Scavenger Hunt Wesley Foundation will sponsor its second scavenger hunt of the season tomorrow night for its members, starting at 8 o’clock. Don Hurd and Helen Rochford, who are in charge announced the lists would be distributed promptly at the starting time, and that a prize will be given to the team getting the most articles listed. The party is free, and students may come alone or in couples, according to Helen Rocljford. Kappa Kappa Gamma... . . . sorority elected the followingofficers for the coming year: President, Peggy Hamilton; treasurer, Mary Ed Johnston; recording secretary, Martha Reed; pledge advisor, Martha Ann Avery; and rush chairman, Rufina Sexton. Professor LaBree, of the physical education department, is in charge of these new courses. Many other universities have instigated classes of this type and it has proved a definite success. Illinois, Ohio State, and the University of Pennsylvania are three of the leaders in the field.
May Queen
Shaffer, Merritt Head Nominee List
Committee Puts 700 Limit
fo7 wu WkK On Prom Tickets; 600 Sold
. Louise Bain will model in the YWCA style show this afternoon. Wesley Players To Present Bible Play Wesley Players will present “The Rock,” a three-act Bible play by Mary Hamlin, at 7:30 Sunday evening in the Lafayette Trinity Methodist Church. Taking the lead role, D. H. McFadden, senior civil engineer, will portray the part of Simon Petei-. Other major roles in the play will be taken by Clara Brickler, Opal George, Donovan Faust, and Jane Hall. Cecil Wagner is in charge of scenic effects, and lighting will be handled by Edward Smith. During spring vacation, the play will be presented at Elkhart, Goshen, Orland, Columbia City, Fort Wayne and Elwood. Beta Theta Pi . , , . . . announces the pledging of the following men: W. R. Crow, St. Joseph, Mich.; H. A. Todd, Wauwatosa, Wis.; E. F. Tuhey, Daleville; and J. L. Rayniak, Waukegan, 111.
With Jannette Shaffer and Kathryn Men-itt heading the list as nominees for the position of president, WAA club council last night suggested two candidates for each of next year’s' offices. When informed of her nomination, presidential candidate, Jannette Shaffer exclaimed, “Well this is a surprise to me!” and then hastened to add, “I’m hoping that WAA will be a great success next year.” Merritt Is Honored Her only opponent thus far, Kathryn Merritt, remarked, “ I feel very much honored and in our new gym the organization should know no limit.” Other nominees were: vice-presi-dent, Barbara Dobson and Virginia Beck; secretary. Marietta Johnson and Barbara Roderick; and treasurer, Jeanette Morris and Josephine Cook. Girls who wish to make additional nominations from the floor must have their candidate’s club qualifications and scholastic average available. Voters will select two nominees in a primary election and to vote a girl must have paid her dues and have 25 WAA points, Mary Ellen Delaplane, present president emphasized. Co-ed Debate Team Beats Wisconsin U. Debating “Resolved: That the Several States Should Adopt a Uniform Marriage Law,” the Purdue negative squad, cpmposed of Mary Wein and Elizabeth Maier, won the decision from Wisconsin at Madison in a regular Western Conference debate Tuesday night. • Prof. Knower of the University of Minnesota, judge, said that Purdue won the debate primarily because it had a more fundamental analysis of the situation. Monday night, the debate team had a non-decision debate with the Northwestern affirmative team. Last night, the NU negative team journeyed here for a return bout, which also was a no-decision contest. Exponent Begins Training Course Dr. J. E. Walters, personnel director at the University, spoke last night in the Union tower room as a feature of the freshman training course for the freshman business staff of the Exponent. Dr. Walters outlined the genei’al benefits derived from extra-curric-ular activities. He stressed that the student receives valuable aid in the development of the mind and body from taking part in outside work. A more wholesome college career was cited as another advantage. Approximately 60 students attended this meeting, which is the first of a series of five training courses. The second in the series will be presented tomoiTow in the tower room of the Union at 7:15 p. m. The five Exponent heads J. E. Brock, W. J. Gillilan, D. C. Miller, M. C. Reeves, and R. R. Henslei-— will explain the duties of their respective staffs—editorial, national advertising, business, circulation, and local advertising—to the prospective journalists. An open discussion will follow the speeches. Beg Your Pardon Robert Munro, 6.5 student, is a member of Pi Kappa Phi fraternity, and is not an independent student, as was erroneously stated in yesterday’s Exponent.
Indiana Weather
“The large response for Junior Prom permits has necessitated a limit being placed on the number of tickets sold,” said Prom Chairman Bob Sasser last night. “Upon advice from L. M. Vallely. Student Union manager, a limit of 700 has been placed upon Prom permits which may be paid for.” Through yesterday’s receipts, about 600 permits had been paid for, the Prom committee reported. ■ " n
Co-ed Groups To Hold Joint Mass Meeting WSGA, WAA, and YWCA wUl hold a joint mass meeting Monday, March 21, at 4 p. m., to introduce to all co-eds the candidates for next year’s offices in these activi-
ties.
At 4:30, Mortar Board will give a reception for these candidates. This will give the University women a chance to meet the group of girls from whom their representatives in next year’s activities will be chosen. Margaret Richey, president of Mortar Board, said last night, “This mass meeting will be an excellent opportunity for co-eds to become acquainted with the candidates for whom they will vote, at the elections Wednesday, March 23.” The location of the mass meeting has not yet been decided.
The next hundred upperclassmen who bring their permits to Cashier Hollensbe in the Executive Building, will be allowed to make the $4 payment for a ticket, said the committee. All students bringing their permits to the cashier after the 700 limit has been reached will be allowed to sign on a preferential list of receivers of returned tickets in the event that enough tickets are bought back for refund. Tickets Non-Transferable Tickets for the Junior Prom will be non-transferable and may be returned for refund any time if the purchaser does not wi^h to go, stressed the committee members. The deadline for obtaining Prom permits was last Tuesday, said Chairman Sasser, and it is no longer possible for upperclassmen to
get permits.
Sasser also announced that the committee is at present contacting several well-known name bands, but that no contract has yet been
signed.
Experimental Teaching Stresses Fewer Classes
By L. S. Hardin English 31 students become human guinea pigs ... at least, approximately 75 students in English composition are now subjects of a new experiment in teaching methods, as far as Purdue is concerned. Originating in the mind of English Department Head Prof. H. L. Creek, the progressive experimental plan has the approval of President Elliott. Under the direction of Professors Sutcliff, Fatout, McKee, and instructors Hastings and Schmidt, five classes in English 31 are taking the course by attending class only seven or eight times during the semester. The secret—a conterence system of instruction whei’eby students write their themes, turn them in at the central English office, and go to the instructor to discuss them at leisure. Graded papers also return to students via a box in the English office. More Individuality Theory behind the venture is that added individual responsibility and less classroom attendance results in greater individuality and improved work. Of the five experimental classes one is a select composite of top students from several sections. To date, these superior students are not keeping up their assignments as well as some of the moi’e mediocre groups. Dates for the seven or eight class
meetings—three for writing class themes and four for quizzes—^were announced at the first of the se^ mester. Regular English 31 work is done and conference may be held at any time. Early conferences averaged about 30 minutes each, but theme discussions now last about 10 minutes. Eliminates Poor Work “Main advantage of the systeih,” says Professor Sutcliff, “lies in the fact that students know that they must face the instructor directly when the woi’k is handed in. Consequently, slovenly work is cut to a minimum.” < Teaching by conference is expensive. In order to have time for personal interviews, it is necessary to cut the teaching load about one-half. Usual class size is 30, but conference classes have but 15 members. Student Objects When the new venture was proposed at the first of the semester, one student changed classes. Reason for refusing to become experimental material, was that he considered class stimulation necessary in order to keep his work in. At the close of this semester, an impartial committee will compare beginning and closing themes from the experimental groups with like themes from check classes, the 300 students taking English 31 with class attendance. Final examinations will also provide opportunity for comparison of results achieved.
Forecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy today and slightly colder. Friday, fair and warmer. Yestes’day’s Temperatures: High, 57; low, 42; mean, 50.
Company: Research Laboratories Division of General Motors, Detroit Mich. Representative: Kenneth Meade, director of Education and training. Date of Visit: Thursday, March 24. Interviewing: Junior ME’s, EE’s, ChE’s; senior ME’s, EE’s, ChE’s, IE’s, Science (Bus. Admin.). Details available at main office of each school. o—o—o Company: Real Silk Hosiery Mills, Inc., Indianapolis. Products: Hosiery and lingerie. Representative: William Baum, Director of Personnel. Interested In: ME seniors for employment in production, research, accounting, administration, personnel, and sales.
Training: A program of training is being developed for graduate employees. Salary: $20 to $25 per week. ME seniors interested in employment with this company should sign up in Pi-of. Young’s office.
Cancellatiims Students who wish tt cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, March 19. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Ofiice. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after March 19 if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.^dlihfiiaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
dOjumyc
Thursday, March 17, 1938
This Is Designed... ... to be one of those proverbial bonfires which people build under donkeys to “get them going.” The “donkey,” in this case, is the Green Potters organization . . . and from appearances we’d say it will take more than a good hot bonfire to incite it to action. To rectify any misunderstandings you may have at the moment, this editorial is the “bonfire”—not the potbuming one which Green Potters DID NOT organize Tuesday night. Two years ago there existed on the campus a rather imponderable body known as Green Potters. When the editor of the Exponent refused to run its notices until it had been recognized as an official campus organization, first steps were taken to write a Green Potters constitution. After many hours of toilsome night work, a small group of freshmen presented to Student Senate a constitution for Green Potters. After the document had been submitted once and returned for minor revisions, the Senate accepted it on the condition that the organization prove itself by “doing something worthwhile.” This constitution was also approved by the Executive Committee with the same understanding. We are wondering if this “proving time” has not almost expired. As far as we can see the organization has done nothing... but conduct a few questionable elections, watch pot burnings from the sidelines, and get its few notices published in the Exponent. We wish to remind the freshmen that each one of them is a member of Green Potters. That principle has been violated this year as the organization’s officers have conducted several “select” meetings . . . attended only by freshmen chosen by the officers. That is directly opposed to the legal character of Green Potters. This type of activity is reflected by the evidences of politics in election of officers in Green Potters. A straight ticket was elected this year, mainly because the ticket was strongly organized. If a person is philosophic he can really point no accusing finger at political machinations . . . unless those political devices fail to produce results after elections. That is the case with Green Potters. What has the organization accomplished this
the Purdue Exponent
HCHBCft
9bs0ci«ted
^—
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for m section 1103, act of Oct 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Sunimer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $3.60.
Editor-InrChief
Bd siness Manaarer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor J. B. Brock Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors D A Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H I Stanback, D R Vance Sophomore Assistants—R. J Deckard, G W Frederick, K C Houston, R E Insley, R L Keck, W A Kroeplin, G J Tafel, D G Terrio, G A. Torrence, J. C Woodson £tj] BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J P Girard National Advertising Manager W J Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R Henslei Circulation Manager M C Reeves
CO-ED STAFF Elizabeth Pyke
Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF R F Obenchain J. S Brown, R. L McDonald,
B D Witwer
MAIN OFFICE 312 N Fifth St , Lafayette, Indiana Elditonal Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette Ind Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
Editor Associate Editors
Editor
Associate Editors
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief Night Editor—Bailey Issue Editor—Torrence Thursday, March 17, 1938
year? What has its officers done that will help the large freshman class as a whole ? What are they inagurating toward the same end which can be forwarded by future Green Potters organizations? As far as we can see, and learn from asking about, here and there, the answer to all the above questions is an emphatic . . . “NOTHING!” Unless Green Potters removes the lead from its shoes, arises from its lethargy,' and does something constructive, may we be permitted to request that Student Senate take steps to eradicate the useless organization from the campus.
YIPPEE! YIPPEE! We’re enthusiastic! We’re overjoyed! In fact we’re almost wordless with exubeiance! Why, you ask. Well, the answer is simple. The poetry contnbs we’ve been receiving the last few days exceeded our wildest expectations. And when we say poetry . . . we mean POETRY ... as the two examples printed today will clearly show. We’ve a promise from the editor of this rag to increase the space allotted to Bold and Black if such good poetry contribs continue to pour in . and not only that . . . we’ll Increase the quota of M \RS doub - passes dished out each week. Eveiy week will be poetry week, if contribs such as these continue. The wiitei of the following pome deseives an oichid, a kiss, or something. It’s leally tops and we sinceiely hope he’ll continue turning them out foi if he does he can count on going to Lne MARS free each week . . . THE LOVE SONG OF \ DOUBLE E So I wooed hei and wooed her and wooed hei. With a voice toned in fiequencies say Which excited the eai of my sweetheait deai, Just a few angstiom units away Her negative answers incensed mej ' I positively had to react. For I truly knew, as all double E’s do,
That unlike charges attract. As I wooed her, her tempeiature mounted; She was non-lectrolytic at heart. For the greater her heat, the less did my sweet Give resistance to the wooings I’d start. With resistance reduced to a fraction. Our potentials rose with a rush, And exceeded at once our capacitance. And we sparked till the morning’s first blush. But now my love-life is over; My connections with her got a shove; With a som ME, she short-cir-cuited me And burned out the fuse of our love . . . aganderf. And here’s another good one . . . not quite as “shocking” as the one above . . . but still not as “dead” as the name sounds. Sing this to the tune of “The Lady is a Tian.p ” CORPSE DAYS “Less go, you sojers'” The saijents’ll blow. “Don’t git excited. You old so-and-so!” Wait for the drum and the bugles to call, You’ie in the army—aren’t we alP Brush off yore lether. An’ touch up the brass, “Dress up thet line, thar. An’ none o’ yore sass!” Arms to the colors, Gold and Black too, No Hell to Hitler and his coup. Then calisthenics. The band staits to toot. Swing high and low but Look out foi my boots . can’t spend two (?) hours or even a dime Ta see ya trample on my shine.
Get back into rank. Thought this was Corps Day— My corpse is a blank, Tummy says noontime—dismiss us pulleez, This is no time to wait and tease. “Ye gods! It’s rainin’!” This weather plays hell With army-brown leather And tempers as well. Hate Indiana—it’s wet and it’s damp— That’s when the army has to tramp. —Archy. “Archy,” that’s really an improvement on the real words to that song.
Frantic Frosh! Swingy Sophs] Joyous Juniors] Screwy Seniors] All on a rah-rah rampage' of gayety... hey-heyity. .1
JIMMY DURANTE WALTER CONNOLLY JOAN QUIZ N I E S E N WALBURN
collegiate
Because he took a cow to college wnth him, a student at Piesbyteilan Junioi College, Maxton, N. C , has been able to pay his way through college When he enteied school, he brought with him a good milk cow fiom home, housed hei in a neaiby bain, and pioceeded to milk her and sell the milk to the college dining hall He nuinbeis among his extra-cur-iiculai activities the milking and feeding and aKo keeping Bossy’s stall neat 0—o—0 Theie is a new ice cieam eating champ at Harvard. He clinched the title foi the eating championship by putting away 24 plates—foui vanilla, 18 chocolate, and a sundae of paiticularly venomous appeal ance The pievious titleholdei, a fieshman, yielded to fatigue lor fiigidity) at 19 plates 0—0—0 Goinell Unncisitv’s famous biain collection may ha\e added to it its fii>t\Japanese biain, if the reso-
lution of Dr Tomitaio Makino, a Japanese botanist, is earned out Dr. Makino, 78, wants his biain to be the fiist of his race in the Coinell collection, and will come to the United States to die, if necessaiy, to make that possible Undei the law in Japan, a body may not be dissected until 24 houis aftei death Pieservation of the biain lequiies lemoval within one houi aftei death Coinell’s biain collection has been used to make notable discoveiies about the mind in geneial and in a few cases about the peculiaiities of noted men o—o—o Co-eds have found a new way to “mooch” off unsuspecting Joe Colleges at the University of Texas. Hei e’s the way it’s done’ Gill and boy are standing in fiont of Texas Union Co-ed’s giil fiiend comes along and asks girl for nickel to buy drink Giil friend has no nickel. Result No alternative foi boy He must buy both gnls a drink.
Women’s Athletics
Gills who will leceive their class numeials and ‘P’s’ at the All-Star banquet, will also be announced at the mass meeting Tickets for the banquet, which will be held Maich 24 at 6 in the Home Economics Building cafeteiia, will go on sale for 60 cents.
Gills may sign up foi the following WAA spring sports at the mass meeting Intiamural and class baseball, intiamuial archery, intiammal tennis, and individual golf tournament
WAA council membeis will meet Wednesday night, Maich 23, at 7 15 in the WAA office to vote on new spoits heads who will foim the council foi next yeai
SATURDAY ONLY On Our Stage MAURIE AND ms ORCHESTRA * of * a ^
with LORRAINE SISTERS Radio's Swing Trio GERALDINE ROSS Comedy Dancer BOB SHERMAN Vocalists
NOW SHOWING >A MIRACLE OF MOTION AND EMOTION...Disney'b fizst full-length production!
ilTITOf
STAliLlOiSi
Thureday, March 17, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
What Wher«. Wh«n?
The rule says weai hats to lunch, tea, church, or on the street Right, correct—but here at Purdue m col lege life don’t we have a somewhat different situation which doesn’t demand the strict observance of this rule’ Here we informally and quite correctly daily go to school bareheaded Would it then be sensible to dash to the Hall oi house for a hat at four o’clock before oui quick tiip to town’ Remember where is often an excuse for what One social community may have an exactly opposite lule to that of anothei Heie we wear oui* hats dqring all but the most infoimal teas, but in many places a woman always lemoves hei hat with hex gloves at a tea It’s often a matter of where as much as a question of what to do ALL-CAMPUS TABLE TENNIS loday—4 UU p m I Cohen vs L Gardner R A Fink vs R A Johnson R Speiei vs F Farr R M Captain vs D Blitz R W Michaels vs R E Ulrich
4 15—D 4 30—F
4 154 30-
7 00—H 7 15—A 8 25—B 8 40—C7 00—D 7 15—E 8 25—F8 40—S 7 00—C7 15—A 8 25—B8 40—H
BASKETBALL
—Today—
Court 1—Mangas
-3 vs D-4 ■4 vs F-3
Court 2—Mann
■4 vs E-3 3 vs S-4
Court 1—Mann
-1 vs H-2 -1 vs A-2 -1 vs B-2 ■1 vs C-2
Comt 2—Aronson
-1 vs D 2 -2 vs El -1 vs F-2 2 vs S-1
Couit 3—Mangas
■3 vs C 4 -4 vs A3 ■4 vs B-3 -3 v« H 4
FACULTY HANDBALL —Today— V Wiight vs H Thomas R Baines vs C Edmondson K Cram vs D Allen C Richey vs A Kleinsmith M DeJongs vs D Elliott A Welper vs G Gumming
Romance races with mystmry . .. as Arsene Lupin and an American G-Man match wits...to win a girl... and solve a double murder* taraE uipii!'
wimmm imci wiiirai JOHN HALLiOAY NAT PiNOLETON
N'VV/
V/i\
Plus Second Feature
YOUNG LOVE HAS ITS HEARTACHES!^ . the whole family — headaches I l)
20ih Century-Fox Picture with ^|// Jed Prouty • Shirley Deane * Spring Byingion ' TODAY-FRL-SAT.
TRACTION FOR ACTION^ You’ll travel under full power in these nonskid cushioned-tread Campus Creepers* You’ll feel ‘‘geared’^ to the ground, yet the thickj^ livelyj creperubber bottoms give each step a springy start*
Work or Play
f
ielder’s....
....choice By Dick Obenchain
The balmy di»ys this week have really brought out the baseball talk . . . All the sports pages are filled with news from the Big League training camps and the results of predictions and selections of all the baseball dopesters.
—fc—
Our own Puidue team has been pidcticing all yeai and, fox once in a long time, it looks as of the Boilermakexs may finish out of the cellar in the confexence race Dutch Fehring has had his main worry taken caxe of by the new Fieldhouse, which gives his boys a place to pxactice in the yeax axound
—fc—
Purdue track and baseball teams suffer from too much engineering almost the ex.tire baseball and track squads are engineers . . . And that is one course that doesn’t leave much time for the coaches to whip their lads into shape . . The other schools which boast liberal arts and dentistry courses are dumping grounds for the athletes whose only interest in college is an athletic career And Purdue has to compete with teams made up of this type of athletes
■—^fc—
Joe Waling is one engineei and athlete to be proud of This lad has consistently hit the distinguished rolls and last semester he nipped off a 6 5 avexage Joe has played two yeaxs on the Pui due varsity baseball team and will probably be holding down a xegulax position in the infield again this yeax And Joe has been practicing almost daily in the Fieldhouse and should be in fine shape for the season which opens within the next week ox so
Phi Pi Phi's Become Volleyball Finalists Phi Pi Phi fraternity entered the finals of the interfraternity volleyball tournament last night when they tximmed the DU’s 21-14 The finals will be xun off when the winner of the lower bracket, which includes the Phi Delt’s, Delta Chi’s, and Beta’s, has been determined Of the three teams remaining in the lower bracket, neither the Phi Delts, nox the Beta’s have played a game to date However, they are scheduled to meet each other tomorrow The winner of this match will meet the Delta^ Chi’s to determine the opponerits of Phi Pi Phi Freshman Swimmers Outpoint DePauw, 49-26, In Telegraphic Meet Outpointing their opponents in in all but one event, the Boilermaker freshman swimming squad defeated the DePauw yearlings 49 26 in a telegraphic meet early this week Four men at each school competed in each of the events, racing against time Following the meet the times were exchanged between the two schools Kxick, Tuxwoxthy, Mauck, And ex son, Hare, and Sxler led the Boil ex maker squad to victory, obtain mg firsts in each of their events Telegraphic meets will be held with Iowa today and with Wiscon sin Friday Paddling . . . was xn order last nrght in the Exponent office when Dorothea Justin, junior co-ed editor, dashed into the office to drop the news that she had reached her twentieth birthday Twenty lusty wallops with a paddle were administered as the staff congratulated her
You don’t have to be English to enjoy tea.
Tea served from Four to Five in the QhsudnudL fhsGm. You will enjoy a snack and a cup of tea. Quick, courteous service can always be had in the QhsMnvdL (RoDJfL Visit the Chestnut Room —now located on the second floor.
JhSL fiWtduSL TthumiAiaL lAnimu
Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Campus Activities
Announce Spring Tennis Schedule At First Meeting Of Candidates With the best schedule in several years in prospect for the coming season, the tenni;^eam n|et last night in the Fieldhou.se to discuss where to practi^dunA^ the bad weather and to plan for the coming meets ^
With the five top ranking men back fxom last year and several sophomoies coming up to stxengthen the squad, the Boilermakers should have a much stronger team than last year, and, according to Coach LaBree, will need it to cope with the Big Ten and non conference matches that come early in the season Wakefield, Traylor, Gardner, Jackson, and Mann, are the vaxsity men letuxning First Meet April 18 Indiana State Teachers’ College will provide the opening opposi tion here Apiil 18 Western State Teacheis’ of Kalamazoo, Mich , will be here on April 22, and North western on the following day As the schedule stands now, tups will be taken to Indiana fox a quadrangular meet with Illinois, Ohio, and Indiana, and to Mich igan The tentative schedule, with the possibility of matches to be made latex fox open dates, is Apiil 18—Indiana State Teacheis’ Here April 22—Western State Teacheis’ Here April 23—Northwestern Hexe Apiil 29 30—Indiana, Illinois, Ohio Purdue at Indiana May 3—Kentucky Univeisity, Hexe May 6—DePauw Hex e May 13—Michigan There May 19 20—Confeience meet at Northwestern
The University of Washington ha‘^ received a WPA giant of $140, 710 to ‘ improve lecieational facili ties
Wiihoui a mieror With a Sohiek Shaver you can shave In the dark, with your eoat on, seated In a oomfortable armohair or lying on a bed If you wanto it takes the nuisance out of shaving, dust plug into any aleotrlo outlet. $1.00 down $1.00 a week DAME & WILSON 633 Main Street
Boilermaker Track Mentor Originator Of Butler Relays When the Boilermaker track team journeys to Indianapolis to participate in the Butlei Relays Saturday, it will be something of a homecoming for the coach, Hermon Phillips Originating the le lays in 1933 he developed it in five years into one of the finest athletic meets in the country The sixth running of the event this week will mark the first time Phillips has not been in charge of the meet He wil^ l"'wever, act as one of the referees for the relays Attendance Increases Only 1,500 persons attended the first event, but four years later a crowd of 7,500 saw the Butler Relays This year many of the strongest track teams in the countiy will be lepresented, among them Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan State, Ohio State, and Notie Dame Puidue men will be entered m several events, but then chances for victory seem brightest in the 60 yaid low hurdles and in the two mile relay Lemen Out For Record In the huidles Bob Lemen Purdue ace, will be gunning for the woild’s lecoid for the low hurdles as well as the meet record The record time for the 60 yard indoor low hurdles is 6 7 seconds while last year’s winner won with a time of 6 8 seconds The Boilermakei two mile relay team composed ot Gaulke, Knapp, Bodeau, and Maiozick has been performing quite well this season and seem to have a good chance to win a place in this event, according to Coach Phillips Special Run The only Purdue man wlib holds a record for the relays is Ken Sandbach, who set a new world’s record for the 60 yard indoor high, hurdles at Indianapolis in 1934 One of the special attractions of the meet is the special 3,000 meter run in which such stars as Don Lash of Indiana and Locknei of Oklahoma will compete This event IS open to AAU athletes as well as the college men ROTC Boxing Finalists To Receive Medals Today Both winners and losers rn the finals of the freshman military boxing tournament which finished on March 9, will be awarded medals at Corps Day tor matrons today and Tuesday Victors who receive gold medals, are Cuntnei, Jones, Marson, Woodhull, Powell, Axton, and Sevmoui
We ll Be Your Volet With an efficient, economical dry cleaning service such as this, you have the equivalent of a man-serv-ant at the smallest possible cost. One trial of this better, careful service will convince you of the desirability of using it at all times for all cleaning needs.
West Side Cleaners
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 40814
3bocaL (Ma,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
n^nticoA
Thursday, March 17, 1938
Fashion Notes
Maurie Sherman...
Bv Botty Wickard
We covered are our favor-
Styles in the stores are always news and this spring-’s formals are
no le^'> than scoops the lown. and 1hm(
ites.
Snoop,ng through one of the largest collections of new spring forma]^ stin around these parts, we were fascinated b y a starched black lace charmer with a rustling taffeta slip, tiny bolero, and rose and cornflower corsage at the vee neckline. Every frock has its jacket it seems, sooth-' ing us practical souls. A lavender chiffon made on Empire lines is accompanied by its own shirred chiffon jacket, and a slinky white crepe with colored stones at the neckline has a printed jacket fitted at the waist and flaring out into a peplum. For Summer Night."^ Anticipating summer nights is a “country club” formal of white waffle weave cotton printed in huge navy leaves. Braided shoulder straps are covered by a small bolero jacket. “Fashion First” sends us a bright green, yellow, and wine print accompanied by a wine velveteen bolero with a tiny nosegay on its lapel. Inexpensive but fetching is a little navy taffeta number whose neckline and small jacket are edged in white organdy niching. Amusingly inconsistent is a formal made with a starched lace shirtwaist bodice, and full sweeping skii't. .A, flower bouquet calls attention to the tiny waistline. Evening Wraps Stock room snooping is a fascinating business ' and soon we found ourselves going oj.r thet evening wrap situation. Good looking and yet inexpensive is a faille taffeta wrap, simply made, with tuxedo revcic and boxy sleeves. Make a note of the handy pockets, too. It comes in aqua or dusty rose. All types of wraps may be lound from long fitted coats with widestitched revers, to short quilted taffeta jackets and capes, seen in black, white, or pink. A floor length chartreuse cape would be stunning on a brunette, worn over a pale yellow formal, perhaps. Our favor-
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
HELP WANTED—College men spend this summer in South America. Salaried positions. No special experience necessary. Send dime (handling charge) todav for astonishing information. South American Association, 827 St. Charles Ave., New Orleans, Louisiana.
FOR SALE—Good L. C. Smith typewriter $15.00. Call office 2826 —^Residence 5341.
ite was a black taffeta coat made like a coachman’s, double breasted and fitted at the waistline, flared below with big revers and squared shoulders. ’Bye, and have a good time!
(RmumbnA,— The Ag Dance
fismsmbsh.
and
To get there quickly^ safely, take a
De Luxe Cab
Phone 2151
30c Couple
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Oh, I can’t wait till we ge to a port—mother told me to write her every day.”
Notices
No Notic-s Aco-'plod After • pj
ME 62, Condition Examinations: An examination will be held on Saturday, April 9, from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 308. This is the last opportunity for removing conditions in ME 62 received prior to the 1937-1938 school year. Students planning to take this examination should see me before April 6th. —BINDER.
WSGA: Girls who haven’t filled in activities blanks please come into WSGA office between 4 and 5 p. m. any afternoon before Saturday, March 19. —JONES.
. . . and his orchestra will be featured, in addition to the regular screen program, at the Mars Theaatre, Saturday, for a one-day engagement. Favoring no particular style of music, Sherman offers a variety program of sweet, hot, swing, and rhythmic numbers. Sherman’s band has appeared in many of Chicago’s hotels and ballrooms and has broadcast over NBC hook-ups. Bob Sherman, vocalist; Carl Osburn, novelty trumpeter and eccentric dancer; the Lorraine Sisters, singers; Irving Heinrich, who plays a saxophone and clarinet at the same time; and Geraldine Ross, comedian and acrobatic dancer, are featured artists with the orchestra.
Forestry Club: Tickets for the Foresters’ Banquet on Wednesday, March 23, may be obtained from me now. Class representatives please note. —ROMEISERi
Distinguished Students: Distinguished student refunds are now available at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. Passports must be shown. (3-19) —HO^XENSBE.
Christian Foundation: Tickets for the annual Student Banquet to be held March 18 at 6 :15 p. m. are now on sale. Call Harold Gripe at 45102, or Reverend Hunter at 31824. —CRISS.
WAA: Mass meeting for_ primary election of candidates for offices will be held Thursday, March 17 in the Women’s Gym. Nominations will be announced in Thursday morning’s Exponent. If you wish to add a girl’s name, have her qualifications and scholastic average ready to present at the meeting. A list of voting members, girls who have paid their dues and earned 25 points in sports, will be posted in the gym Wednesday. —DELAPLANE.
Green Potters: Decorations committee meeting in room C of the Memorial Union Building Thursday, March 17 at 4 p. m. —ELLEY.
Glider Club: Work session in the attic of the ME Building at 1 :30 each day through Friday, March 18. —MOORE.
PIA Beginners’ Dance Class: The ■ fifth heginnei’s’ dance class will be given Thursday, March 17 at 4 p. m. in the Union ballroom. —CLYMER.
YWCA Settlement House Committee: All girls interested in settlement house work meet in the YWCA office Thursday, March 17, at 4 p. m. —BROWN.
WG» STEPPING IN...
COLORS
SIZES
Blue 4 to 9 Black , , Green Widths Beige AAAA to B White
You’ll see High Hat turning in the smart places this season. Gay and glamorous it’s "the" shoe for your "must have"
list
rfcteb^
LO EB & H E NE CO/WPANY
Second Floor Shoe Salon
Happy Hollow Swingsters: Meeting on Friday, March 18, at 4 p. m. —YOUNG.
Glider Club: Meeting in room B of the Union at 7:16 Thursday, March 17. —MOORE.
WAA Fencing: Meet in Women’s Gym at 4 p. m. Wednesday, March 16. —DANIEL. WAA Social Committee: Meet in the Union lobby at 4 p. m. Friday, March 18. —DANIEL.
Freshmen Fencers: All freshmen who intend to compete in the freshman tournament must sign up in the fencing office Thursday, or Friday, between 4 p. m. and 5 :30 p. m. An explanation of rules, pertinent to the tournament, will be given Friday, March 18 at 4 :30 p. m. Be present. (3-18) —MATTHEWS.
Student Bible Class: Meeting in room C of the Union Thursday, March 17, at 7. Rev. Ainslie will continue his subject “The Resurrection and the Ascension of the Lord Jesus Christ.” Everyone welcome. —BURBRINK.
Alpha Zeta-Ceres: Joint meeting to check in Ag dance tickets in room D of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, March 17. —UNDERWOOD, HENRY;
Mixed Recreation: No mixed recreation program Friday, March 18, because of Penny Carnival. —TUBBS.
CE 21 Condition Examinations: An examination will be given in room 301, Civil Engineering Building on Saturday, March 19 from 1 to 4 p. m. Please consult me at once. —SONESON.
Badminton Club: Important announcements at next playing 7 p. m. Thursday, March 17. —GOLDSTEIN.
“Of Thee I Sing’’ Stage Crew: Work in Fowler Hall Thursday, March 17, at 4 p.m. —BRENMAN.
Riflery: The following men report at the range at 7:30 p. m. 'Phursday, March 17 : Elton, Thiry, Fansler, Knapp, Forbes, Fairbanks, Dupps, Schneblin, Smith, Long, Amt, Crump, Powell, DeBell, and Lauletta. —HOLMES.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Thursday, March 17, at 7 :30 p. m. in room F of the Union. —WADLEIGH.
History, Government Makeups: Conditional and incomplete removal exams In history, economics and government will be given Saturday, March 19, at 1 p. m. in room 313 of the Recitation Building.^ Make application in history office. Recitation Building, before March 19. —ESTEY.
Kappa Delta Pi: Dr. G. E. Davis will talk to members and guests in room A of the Union at 7 :16 p. m. Thursday, March 17 on "Looking for a Teaching Position.’’ —BYRD.
Junior Military: Junior leather equipment will be fitted in the supply room on Thursday and Friday, March 17 and 18. Bring a pair of light woolen socks for try-ons. —WHISTLER.
Triton Club: Meeting Thursday, March 17 at 7 :30 ,p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium pool. Girls taking part in' the penny carnival must be there. Open swim at 8 :30 p.m. —WALKER.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal Thursday, March 17, at 7 p. m. in Fowler Hall studio. —PHILLIPS.
Union Workers: Our committees report to the Union workshop Thursday, March 17, at 4 p. m. —CABONARGI, MILHOLLAND.
Play Shop Publicity; Meeting in tower room of the Union at 7 Thursday, March 17, for any one interested in “Ceiling Zero" publicity. —JUILLARD.
Purdue Riding Club: Meeting on Thursday, March 17, at 7 :16 in' the Student Union office. —SUMMERS.
WAA Class Basketball: Class squads will be as follows: Freshmen—J. Horn, B. Bieseckler, C. Himes, E. Heeter, R. Bryant, L. Gabler, B. Morehouse, M. L. Riley, B. Beaudy, J. Sishleigh, M. McKnight. Sophomore—K. Mounce, mgr., G. Walker, J. Bodem, J. Morris, I. 'Wolff, M. Mather, I. Weishaar, I. Cooke. Juniors—R. 'Vandiver, mgr, V. Blank, E. Maier, G. Knollman, I. Davison, A. Harrington', P. Swick, K. Merritt, J. Shaffer. Seniors -M. Jenkins, mgr., S. Doyle, E. Wuelflng, M. Brewer, E. Tubbs, D. Patterson, M. Campbell, and A, Berget. Scheduled games for double round robin tournament is Thursday, March 17, following WAA election, at 4 ;30: Freshmen vs. seniors; sophomore vs. juniors. Monday, March 21 at 4 p. m. freshmen vs. juniors : seniors vs. sophomores ; 4:30, freshmen va. seniors; sophomore vs. juniors. Tuesday, March 22, 4:00 freshmen vs. sophomores; seniors vs. juniors; 4:30 freshmen vs. juniors : seniors vs. sophomores. Wednesday, March 23. at 4:00 freshmen vs. sophomores ; seniors vs. juniors. Thursday, March 24, all-star game. —MORRIS.
Today ■ • in every classroom at Purdue, Crown Cleaning is still the choice of particular dressers. Crown Cleaned clothes are protected against moth damage by the MONITE moth proof process.
NE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
JUNIOR BALLROOM DANCING CLASS
For 8th Grade and High School Students Opens
Sat., March 19, 7:00 P. M.
PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prides
Individuality that becomes your type—^choiffures created by experts who know how to bring out the real beauty of your head of hair.
DOYLE HOME BEAUTY SHOP
116 Pierce St. Phone 2331 WEST LAFAYETTE
See the New Three Button Coats Plain or Fancy Back
Gabardines Herringbones Worsteds
Suit $25
Made by 'Campus Togs'
Shirt Special $1.39
ROSENTHAL’S 322 Main St.
• the Purdue Exponent
Servide Directory
• Bookst’ores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
StatloiMiy .
Wedding Invitationi
- Sales Books, Etc. ..
PHONE oaies i.oo«, cic. . . 2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRy
SOUTHWORTH'S
Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. nSHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, ' but we do it well.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Phofography
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105'Vine St. West Lafayette
Aufo Rental
ROGERS' RENT-A-CAR Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St.
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop
in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Florist
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Locksmith
•C" CARTER
Keys — Locks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.