the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Lidiana, Thursday, October TS» 1937
NUMBER
Two Special Trains Will Carry Team, Band, Students To Horthwestern Game To facilitate the migration of 4,000 Boilermaker boosters to Evapston for the Purdue-Northwestern game, the Monon Railroad has scheduled two special trains to run from Lafayette ,to Chicago over the week-end. The first special, primarily for the transportation of the team, will leave the Monon station tomorrow morning at 10, and will consist of two Pullmans,
an air-conditioned lounge car
140 Band Members Wii March At Game In Chicago Saturday One hundred and forty members Composing the University military band will make the trip to Chicago Saturday to play for the Northwestern game in Dyche Stadium at Evanston, according to an announcement made yesterday evening by Prof. P. S. Emrick, band director. The Monon Railroad will run a special train of three coaches and a baggage car for the instruments and other equipment, leaving Lafayette at 7 o’clock Saturday morning. The band will make*its hotel headquarters in Chicago, and after a luncheon downtown will complete the journey to Dyche Stadium by bus. The band will present its formations in an attempt to uphold the title of “The All-American College Band,” with which it was complimented by Ted Husing for the spectacle presented in the first illuminated band formations 'which were given between halves of the night game with Northwestern in ’36. Co-eds Formulate Vocational Guidance Conference Plans
v‘
Dorothy Martenet, chairman of the vocational guidance committee, and other co-eds have completed the plans for the second Conference on Women’s Work and Opportunities, to be held here October 20 and 21. Mary Jean Light and Louise Schiclfler, of the hospitality committee, will receive and entertain the visiting deans, guest speakers, and co-ed representatives from other campuses. Mary Alice Learning is in charge of ticket sales for the closing banquet, which is being planned’ by Peggy Hamilton.' < Students attending the conference will be divided into groups which will be addressed by feminine leaders in vocational fields at three different hours in the morning and one hour in the afternoon. Student chairmen of each group will introduce the various speakers and a student secretary will take notes for publication. Members of Gold Peppers and Alpha Lambda Delta will check attendance at the meetings. Publicity is in charge of Althea Jorgeson, Margaret Richey, Martha Wood, Dorothea Justin, and Sally McKee. Bridge Players Meet Today At 4 In Union . Student Union officials are calling a meeting at 4 p. m. for bridge enthusiasts th^p afternoon in room D of the Memorial Union Building. The meeting is called to choose an instructor for proposed weekly lessons in contract bridge. The time, meeting place, and the teacher, will also be decided. Mrs, F. J. Born and J. L. Born, both Lafayette instructors, are being considered. Advanced players and beginners will be given their instruction together, as the teachers say they must start at the beginning in the teaching of any group.
and diner. Purdue students will ride to Chicago Saturday morning in their 8 car special, leaving Lafayette at 7 a. m. This train will be entirely given over to members of the student body and band. Five coaches are expected to be hauled for the general student body, but if they prove insufficient, L. D. Wood, passenger agent, said more will be added so there will be ample room for everyone. In addition to the coaches, a special lounge car, cleared for merry-making, will be hauled for the comfort of students en route. The Saturday train will arrive in Chicago shortly after 10 o’clock. Round trip tickets on the specials are $3.60, and may be used for a return trip on any Monon train until midnight Sunday. Freshmen Speaking Contests Coincide In conjunction with the annual freshman Beveridge speech contest, which will get under way October 19, will be run the freshman Hanley speech contest. The freshman engineering students placing highest and second highest in ^he Beveridge contest will automatically win the freshman Hanley contest. This contest was instigated by W. A. Hanley, M. E. ’ll, who donated a fund to the University to hold contests and give prizes. Each class will hold a speech contest, o;gen to all engineering students. Par ticipant^ will give a short speech of their own choice, but related to the general field of economics. The two men placing first and second in each class contest will compete in the University Hanley contest finals. Other class contests will be run as follows: sophomore, November; junior, December; and senior, February. The first and second place winners of the final contest will receive prizes of $50 qnd $20, respec-
tively.
PIA, WAA Colaborafe On Dancing Lessons An opportunity for co-eds to improve their dancing ability is being offered by WAA. Starting Monday, Helen Knight, women’s physical education instructor, will direct a course of five lessons under the sponsorship of WAA. Following these lessons, co-eds will have a chancq to enroll in the PIA dancing class upon payment of a $1.50 fee. PIA’s beginning classes have already st^i'rted. Advanced dancing lessons will begin Monday. Enrollment may be made by members of PIA any evening this week from 4 to 6:30 p. m. The price for 10 lessons is $2.60. PIA urges that all interested in beginning classes sign up today in order to take advantage of a review of the first lesson. Tickets for the classes may also be procured at the door of the ball-
room.
Thompson Is Honor Guest At Local Delta Chi Dinner Dean Charles M. Thompson, of the University of Illinois schqol of commerce was the guest of honor yesterday at the founders’ day banquet of Delta Chi fraternity at the local chapter house. Thompson, national president of Delta Chi, was accompanied by professor L. S. HSnter, also of the University of Illinois. ,
First Scarecrow Ball To Be Held In Union Tomorrow At the first appearance of the “Scarecrow Ball” tomorrow night in the Union ballroom, student dancers will follow the steps of such famous old-time dances as Bingo, Virginia Reel, Down in the Paw-Paw Patch, Jolly Miller, and Jenny Cracked
Com.
American dances will be interspersed with old-fashioned Nordic folk-dances from Sweden, Germany and Denmark. The dancers will be instructed in these folk-dances of the late nineteenth century by Rev. Charles Lizenby, of the St. Paul Methodist Church of Indianapolis. Old-fashioned music will be supplied by a specially organized “barn dance” orchestra, led by W. D. McEachron. Banjos, mandolins, guitars, and fiddles will provide typ ical music to assist the dancers in learning the new steps. Displacing the Friday night mixer, Purdue’s first “Scarecrow Ball will begin at 8 tomorrow night in the ballroom of the Union Building. This dance is under the sponsorship of the Purdue Religious Council, being in charge of a committee consisting of members from alljthe religious foundations. Admission is 60 cents per couple. H. M. Shankfin, University 4-H Leader, Undergoes Operation Successfully F. M. Shanklin, University 4-H club leader, underwent a successful abdominal operation at the Home Hospital yesterday afternoon, after having received a much-needed blood transfusion last week. From the 19 volunteers who were willing to donate their blood in response to a call by the Exponent, September 25, John Stewart, of Greensburg, was chosen. Stewart is a freshman in the school of agriculture, and has been closely associated with Shanklin in his 4-H
work.
After the operation, the Home Hospital reported that Shanklin is doing as well as can be expected and -that his exact condition would remain indefinite until more time had transpired following the operation.
Fieldhouse Will Place Purdue Among Finest Schools/ Says National P E Man
All Physical Departments Will Move Info New Athletic Plant Within Next Six Weeks
Fieldhouse Shows Completion Stages As Group Inspects
By Don Terrio
An inspection trip of the Fieldhouse with James E. Rogers and Bob Woodworth yesterday seamed to indicate that the new structjire will be ready for occupancy easily within the six weeks time limit estimated by Woodworth. The Fieldhouse proper gives the impression that the construction workers somehow managed to sling up a roof and towering walls over half of the campus. One of the party was heard to wonder if the town couldn’t have a six ring Barnum and Bailey circus soon, now that the huge structure is due to open. King Kong’s Bathtub Devoid of water, the 75 foot by 45 foot swimming pool looks like a bathtub for the King Kong of screen fame. The three meter diving board and the one meter board have not yet been installed above the six laned pool. However, the underwater lights along the sides are al-
ready in place.
This tank will place the University in the swim as far as competition with othpr Big Ten schools is concerned. Swim meets and records made in the new pool will be classified as “long” instead of “short” as they are in the present 60 foot pool. A short pool means more turns, and faster time; hence the two classifications. Are Sanding Gym Floor Workmen are sanding the floor of the gymnasium along the south end of the building. This gym alone is about the size of the Memorial Gjnnnasium, and it will also contain three short basketball courts. Wire baskets are in place in the downstairs locker room, and most of the lockers have been installed. Under the new system, each physical education student or intramural sports man will have one of these baskets. Each basket has its own locker, which is open in back and is freely ventilated. Each locker (Continued on page 4)
“This Field|iouse will place Purdue among the finest schools in the country as far as physical equipment is concerned. Its prime and upique advantage over those of other schools is that all physical departments are brought together under one roof. Because of its fine architecture, construction, and ventilation, the plant takes a top position
in the country.” That is what James E. Rogers, of the National Physical Education Service, said of the new Fieldhouse when he inspected it yesterday with Bob Woodworth, acting athletic director. F. S. Stafford, of the Indiana Bureau of Health and Physical Education, and University physical education staff members were also in the touring party. Ready In Six Weeks All P. E. departments will move into the new Fieldhouse in the next six weeks, according to Woodworth. Rogers addressed a joint meeting of men and women taking physical' education at 10 o’clock in the old Engineering Administration Building, prior to visiting the Fieldhouse, Asks For “Physical Literacy” He classified the necessary qualifications of an effective physical education teacher as knowledge, skill, the ability to teach, and the ability to organize. “In this new America it is not sufficient to look upon education as a purely mental process. In this industrialized speed age, universities and colleges are responsible for (Continued on page 4)
English Standards Committee Will Get You-’-Even In Junior^ Senior Year
Editor’s Note: The following feature article on the work of the University committee on standards in English was written by J. F. Garrott, senior agricultural student, as a class theme for Professor McKee’s English 115 course.
By J. F. Garrott The English committee will get you if you don’t watch out—students of Purdue hear about the veiled threat that faces all students during the junior and senior years. In all fairness to the faculty and the student body, it is time to explain a few things about the all-im-portant English committee. Practically every institution of higher learning in the land has a rule which says in substance that no student shall graduate who does not show « reasonable efficiency in written and spojken English. Purdue has such a rule. Develops Checking System The committee on standards in English is a faculty committee who is charged with checking the English proficiency of juniors ^nd seniors. The committee has been in operation three and one-half years. The English committee is composed of one faculty member from every school and major department on the campus, except the science school, which has two faculty members on the committee. Professor H. L. Solberg, of the mechanical en-
gineering school, is the chairman. It is the duty of committee members to secure test papers, lab reports, term reports, and other written specimens and to deposit said exhibits in the University mailing system; in due time the papers will reach the actual operating part of the comxhittee. (All this happens without the knowledge of the unsuspecting student) 4,051 Papers Last Year Room 209 in University Hall is headquarters for the committee’s henchmen, who do the work of reading and marking the papers. This year on the working staff there are three, readers; Professor McKee (who is secretary of the committee), and a clerk who keeps the record on papers read. Considering that last year 4,061 papers were read — these papers were from 93 per cent of the seniors and 100 per cent of the juniors— one can see that the people in room 209 have quite a task. If a paper happens to be marked unsatisfactory, or two papers of the same person are mai'ked doubtful, the writer receives an invitation to Write a 60-60 'minute theme in room 209, This is a test theme to see whether the writing on which one was judged is a fair sample—^in writing the test theme, writing conditions are ideal (a dictionary is even provided). The theme thus written is read (Continued on page 4)
Varsity Show Men Search For Talent Varsity Show committeemen will hold first auditions for the newly named show at 4 o’clock this afternoon in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. Vice-president Garland, who is in charge of trials, urges anyone who is at all interested to report this evening. A special invitation is extended to all who tried out for the Pbntiac Show. Regardless of selfevaluated talent, he insists that anyone or any group may find an tmexpected opportunity by reporting to the tower room this evening. The name of the show, formerly known as Variety Hour was changed to Varsity Show with the permission of National Broadcasting Company authorities following the Pontiac broadcast. Farm Management Students Will Have;Picnic Friday Football, baseball, and food headline the program for the farm management picnic tomorrow evening at 4 o’clock in the Dean’s pasture west of the steer feeding barn. Farm management students and freshmen who are interested are invited to at'tend as guests of the staff, according to Cliff Hardin, graduate assistant in the farm management division. In the event of rain, the picnickers will gather in the Judging Pavilion instead of the grove. Col. Blakefy To Speak For Officers* Luncheon Colonel Blakely and Cadet-Colonel Musham will address the first of-ficers’-luncheon of the year in the Memorial Union ballroom, October
19.
This first informal meeting of students and military faculty is being held as a welcome to the juniors and four new staff members. Musical entertainment will be furnished by a guitar, piano, and string bass trio.
\
Placement Advisor Will Speak At WSGA Mass Meeting Today Miss Ruth Houghton, women’s placement advisor, will address the members of the Women’s Self Governing Association in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Miss Houghton will\ explain the work of the placement service on the campus, stressing vocational guidance for women. Since Miss Houghton is the first person to hold this position at Purdue, the meeting was arranged so that all University co-eds would have a chance to become better acquainted with her. Following the Address, freshmen WSGA representatives will be chosen. It is necessary that each freshman have her passport in order to vote. Four girls have turned in petitions for the positions having the necessary 25 signatures. Peggy Tea’stegge, Doris Gamble, Joyce Burnham, and Vink Fleenor have filed petitions. Two freshman representatives will be elected from this
list.
WSGA is sponsoring a contest to find a new label for these get-to-gethers.^ The present term “mass meeting” lacks the necessary drawing power. The prize, a ducat to the Gold Diggers’ Dance of 1937, is the reward for the best suggestion. Terms must be handed in at the beginning of the meeting so that the winning name can be announced before adjournment. Automotive Society Plans Enlarged Show In preparation for their annual automobile show, to be held here in the near future, the University chapter of the Society of Automotive Engineers is attempting to gain the use of the Fieldhouse or the Armory. Previous shows, held in the Mechanical Engineering Building, have been cramped for space, and consequently the number of. cars on display has been few. If larger quarters are secured, 15 different types of cars will be shown by the dealers of Lafayette, and salesmen will be in attendance to explain fully the various new features of the car. Also on exhibition at the show will be several unique types of cars, such as Stout’s “Scarab,” which the show committee is attempting to procure. Numerous manufacturers of automobile accessories intend to display their products at the show. The committee is planning 9 definite entertainment which will indude hroadcaisting over the University radio station, WBAA. Union Workers Retease Copies Of New Diret^ory student Union workers released the first copies of the temporal^ 1937-3fi' University directory last night. The mimeographed copies will he distributed to fi»teniitleB» sororities, residence halls, and various organhuition officea out the campus free of charge. Official University ffirectocies vHlI be off the press in a few days.^stA-
^ r <^t 'V ^
ffr>
■^n f^./ /I
I \
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, October 14, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Fonnded in 1889
RBPRBSBNTED fOR N«Il
nc.n»c.w ^ _ ^soriuted ebllesiate '^ress —^nS'loS ^
National Advertesitig Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 MADISON Ave New York N Y CHICAOd • B03T0W ■ Los AHGgLES 3*N FRAHCI8CO
feditorial Phone 6037 Campus Subaeriptions $8 per year
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6088 Mail Subscriptions $8 60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF R. P Manion BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller
NIGHT EDITOR
Hardin October 14, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR
Paarlberg
EXPONENT PLATFORM Improve Student housing conditions Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods
Oh'yes, the machine may of course have been wrecked for use by a previous studentplayer, 'and in that case our lover of music must bide his time.
Music Room Service Isn’t Up To Union Par
This idea of a student becoming discouraged m the use of The phonograph isn’t so far taken, either. Persons who love and appreciate music are often the introspective type that dreads the ordeal of facing desk clerks and of procuring a Union worker to teach them how to operate a delicate machine.
On the second floor of the Memorial Union Building, directly at the east end of the main corridor, is a beautiful, spacious room. Equipped with an indirect lighting system, an acoustic ceiling, and heavy carpets, this room provides an excellent setting for the enjoyment of music, and for this purpose the Union music room was planned.
But this unskilled handling of the music room phoongraph has been done away with. Repeated periods of disuse due to broken parts have finally produced remedial action on the situation.
This room contains a seven-foot grand piano and an electric phonograph with an automatic record changer and a radio attachment. Since the installation of the expensive and intricate phonograph—near the start of school last fall—students themselves have been permitted to operate it.
Hereafter the librarian of the Union browsing room will play the machine for any student who wishes to hear available recordings No student will be permitted to operate it.
We commend the Union on its action. The machine will surely be in usable condition all the time now.
The procedure was merely as follows: the student stops at the east Union desk and asks for an album or albums of recordings; when the lady in charge of the desk finishes waiting on other customers, she gets out the records and a check slip for the student to fill out; of course if the student isn’t acquainted with the records available, the desk clerk may have to haul out several albums for him to examine, and this transaction may be interrupted by demands of other cusomers
Now, in order to hear recordings on the phonograph, a student will have only to walk into the browsing room, ask the librarian for her services, go with her to the east Union desk and select an album of records, carry them upstairs and back to the music room and the librarian will do the rest.
The details still connected with the use of phonograph may seem rather inconsequential, but they take up quite a bit of time, and they seem rather out of place in comparison with other services of the Union—the browsing room, for instance.
Now that the student has the records, he has only to lug them around with him while he looks for a Student Union worker to instruct him in the use of the machine—for parts of its mechanism are intricate and delicate—carry the records up two flights of stairs and back to the music room, receive his lessons in the treatment of the machine, and he is ready to enjoy his selected recordings—unless someone else is already using the phonograph, unless his inexperienced handling of the machine has broken one of its parts, or unless he has become discouraged by this time and decides that the use of the music room isn’t worth the time it takes in preparation therefor.
It has been suggested, and the idea sounds good to us—that the recordings, along with the small libarary on music appreciation (there is one stuck back of the east Union desk on a shelf, but few students know about it), be kept up in the music room, and that some person, perhaps a NYA worker, be kept there continuously during certain hours to operate the phonograph.
This procedure would naturally necessi tate some extra expense, but we think the increased use of the music room because of convenience to stuednts would justify it. And it would certainly fit more into line with the service provided for other Purdue Me morial Union facilities.
Speaking of freshmen co-eds and the necessity for educating them in the ways and wiles of old purdue, our Dean Fisher felt the grip of the long arm of the West Side Law the other evening ... Why ? ... because he was driving his car very slowly and WITHOUT LIGHTS.
Upperclasswomen may be Black er, but freshmen gals are certainly Bolder, as witness the case of a certain woo-starved WRH’ei who keeps under hei bed . . of all things a man. Even if said man is card board, we are wondeimg how soon Tyrant Schleman will be making posteis
Picture of a Guy Unburdening Himself Hasten Jason, Bring the basin, oooOOP, plop. Bring the mop.
Fine, “upstanding” swains nominate theta pledge Merle Hagemeyer foi the weekly “fishnet” stockings . her enviable record is three smashed dates with one male
Sigma Nu-sance AL HOKANSON has a most remarkable flair for business ... recently he Installed in his fraternity, a shiny new CHEESE SANDWICH GRILL. He has been palming these hotsy totsy articles off to the boys at 10 cents per copy. Complaints of some of the well “griped” brothers caused an addition to his stock in trade Tuesday. He now features EX-LAX tablets at two for a nickel.
GRlN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘This is Mr. Gilhooley—^he’s come to study our methods.”
escort the McGuff Tuffs to Gold
Diggeis CALL—
Stellar Hall 4916
Office hours, 4 p. m. to 6 p m. Lafayette, inliana
N.B. Witches need not apply.
Delt piexy “Pussy” REID is NOT A FISH.
Once-pinned Alfaki FRANKIE EASTBURN has been Sunday-din mg at the Delt hang-out lately also flaunting her Union passes foi REID’S benefit. REID’S candid comment “While I have passes myself, I do not possess one automobile I think Fi ankle IS a good clean kid.”
WANTED— Twenty-eight campus beauties to
Letters to the Editor
Any letter to the editor mast not exee^ 150 WOKDS in length, and most be accompanied by the writer’s sirnatnre. Unless Otherwise requested, the anthoPs name will be pnblished with his letter. If, ior reasons obvious to oar readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence.
The Exponent assumes no responsibility for opinions voiced herein.
Shall We Get Thumbing For Nothing?
Dear Editor: Apparently Messrs. Frank Scott and Key join infrequently in what is popularly termed “bull-sessions,” for they believe in morality. If they would inquire about this subject they would more than likely be shocked and disillusioned to find that immorality has a strong foothold on the campus.
But why dither with these saintly beings on a subject far removed from the original issue? Should or shouldn’t the students hitch-hike’ The law states that there shall be no hitch-hiking. Laws aie made for and by the people Students are only part of the people, theiefore they will do gs they are told whether they like it oi not
I myself am opposed to the law, yet believe that it is a very foolish thing to “bhng mud” at the police because they aie lequiied to enforce this said law
That this method of tianspoitation lb potentially hazardous to both hitch-hikers and motorists alike is beyond question The students stand out in the street. The motorists stop suddenly What a wondeiful set-up for an accident
An example of a near-accident was related to me just the other day by a head of one of the school
depaitments. Accoiding to him, his wife, in tiying to avoid three students who suddenly stepped off the curb onto the street, almost ran down a street-car line switch cleaner. And, nota bene, the police did nothing, even though lequested.
If Messrs Arnold, and Frank Scott, Key, Inc., believe that they can do something about this “no hitching” rule why don’t they appoint themselves as a committee and see the propei authorities’ I suggest that they also try to buy the Brooklyn Bridge while they are feeling so mighty. Charles E. Dobrowolsky, For. ’38
Editor’s Note: All these comments on hitch-hiking, on West Lafayette and West Lafayette as towns, and on the abilities of their respecJtive police forces have provided interesting reading; but we think it’s time to call “quits” on the matter. We repeat that we are glad to publish letters from our readers, but let’s just consider the aforementioned discussion closed.
By Mary Cooley
Ml. and Mrs. John W. Branch, of Skanateles, N. Y , took their state bar examinations togethei, but they weren’t half as excited as wlien they took their finals at Cornell law school last spring, because their wedding day was the next day “We’ve studied togethei for the state examination,” Mi s Branch explained. “We hope we both pass but theie won’t be any domestic crisis if one of us succeeds and the other fails We’ve talked ovei every possibility ” If both pass, they plan to stait
practice in separate law offices in Rochester, New York Eventually they hope to practice togethei.
Ah, for the life of a poitei on the University of Idaho special tiain, which collects would-be students from over the state and deposits them on the Moscow, Idaho, campus for another yeai
The tram is claimed by Union Pacific to be the only one of its kind m the world.
When it stopped m Boise, the poiter gasped. “These here young ones aie the beatinest kids I ever seen. They can deal out more misery in an houi than it’d take anybody a week to catch up to. But,” he grinned, “they suie got a capacity for enjoyment.”
It took the tram an hour instead of the usual 10 minutes in Boise to get the students on board who seemed just as willing to spend the rest of the year there as in Moscow.
With his faithful “seeing eye” police dog pioudly wagging his tail beside him, Michael Supa, a blind sophomoie from Binghamton, was cheered by 1,000 Colgate University students as he leceived the award of the fiist Ebeneezei Dodge Piize. This awaid, a sum of money, is’ given for excellence in studies, including Latin, Greek, or both. During the last year Supa passed 31 hours of college woik and maintained a straight “A” average, Dean Carl A Kallgreen announced
AFTER THE SHOW Meet and Eat at THE NU CHINA 409 Columbia Near the Western Union
We specialize in serving all the American and Chinese Food at Reasonable Prices.
Enjoy privacy in the most modern booths
National Proxy Visits Alpha Chi Omega House
Mis. Donald of Berkeley, Cal, national president of Alpha Chi Omega soroiity, stopped in for a short visit at the University chapter Sunday on hei way to the national PanHellenic council meeting in New Yoik, N. Y.
Today — Fri. — Sat. 2 First Run Hits
New thrills . . . new songs as Gene crashes into his most exciting range exploits!
Gene AUTRY
GIT ALONG LITTLE DOGIES with SMILEY BURNETTE THE MAPLE CITY FOUR Plus Second Feature
FIANKIE DARRO RARE RICHMOND V ravuis wA»m ^ ^
Starts Today DOUBLE FEATURE
Relax — Unbend for their gayest gladdest show.
—Plus— IBiNT GlITE UP; DAOWE'LL LICK
THE WHOLE TOWNl"
hat youth wfco *1,1,
htmfhow
iS^RooNiy
AMCRICAV CHKAnST BOY P ANNE NAOEl-FRANK SHIELDS
ARC
TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
W#iT ¥0WI9 00W
’AIso*“~
Plus
“Robinson Crusoe” Serial
SUNDAY — MONDAY “Good Old Soak”
“They Wanted to Marry”
Submitted by Committee on Internal Affairs' Anderson, Benner, Bushong, Marsh, Parker, Reverend North, and The Piide of Stellar Hall. 116 Marstellai street. West
(Paid Ad).
Today — Fri. — Sat. 2 First-Run Hits!
T1i« Fotlafl.moving mytlory evor drappad in lh« lop of flctien's moil doring odvtnhirorl
JOHN BAiiYMOili JOHN HOWAUD LOUiSE CAMPiElL HEOINALO PENNY E. E. CUVE
PLUS—
TODAY - FRIDAY
^How about a nice fresh nwrder tedayW
^^I've had too much of both! Deal me outl^
BACK IN
CIRCULATION
Wamfli fifos.* $m)ls 9 hit starrftit
PAT O’BRIEN
lOAN BLONDILL . MARGABETIINO^
4th|uB4ay« October li, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
)
r
HOLDERMAN WtN$ SCHOOL CROSS COUNTRY MEET
Boilermakers Will Meet Northwestern For tihi's. Delta Chi's Twenty-Fourth Time In Clash This Saturday J
Tournament Tie Playoft
Although the Boilermaker gridiron squad has failed to exhibit a perfectly coordinated eleven in any game so far this season because of the number of inexi)erienced men in both the line and backfleld, Coach Mai Elward is hopeful that a vastly improved game will be in evidence at Evanston Saturday when Purdue takes the field against Lynn Waldorf’s well-balanced
Big Ten title favorites.
In concentrating on a wide open type pf play that will depend largely upon speed and de’ception to overcome the Wildcats’ slight edge, Elward is drifting away from the precedent of line bucks and straight power plays which have characterized Purdue elevens of recent years. Purdue will play off a “rubber” Saturday which has gone into 23 games with the rivals even thus far, each having won 13 games and tied one. Neither team has been able to score more than one touchdown in the last four years, and this year’s struggle gives promise of duplicating previous contests as far as closeness is concerned. In contrast to the Boilermaker play, which will rely heavily upon a rugged line built aroupd Marty Schreyer and Clem Woltraan, Northwestern will depend largely upon a string of backfield stars headed
by Captain Don Heap.
Tan Epsilon Phi Initiates Tau Epsilon Phi fraternity announces the initiation of L. B. Brinkin, Garden City, N, Y.; H. Plotkin, South Bend; and H, Greenblatt, New Britain, Conn.
CVA/Af WALPO/^f^
»the Purdue Exponent ^ Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. Bisk DR. HAROLD J.]^K DR. ROBBRT G. RISK IHL LUTHER A. BISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 DR.A.M.IRION DENTIST lliVz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 Florist —- Dorner’s Flower Shop QuidHy Floumr» Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusiTe aasortmcnt of eorMves available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
— Locksmith — “C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repaiiing Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
— Confectionery I Try Some of Our ,, Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts.
Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Jewelry —
R. J. BATH Watch lif^lfer 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post OflSce Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. '— Auto Rental — Rent a Car Drive It Yourself THAYER’S GARAGE Main & South W. Lafayette Phone 51784 ■ Dine — fijudujL DINE ' DANtE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road — Photography I Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West fiafayette — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the I VARSITY ROOT SHOP
In the only intra-fraternity softball tournament play-offs that were completed today. Delta Chi defeated Phi Kappa Tau and Theta Chi beat Beta Theta Pi. All four of these teams were"" on the same standing when they met. Each had won five and lost only one game in the preliminary elimination'. The Theta Chi’s won 3-1, and Delta Chi’s managed to squeeze out a 3-2 victory from the Phi Kappa Tau’s. Other games scheduled which ar^ expected to draw considerable attention are: Delta Upsilon vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda and Kappa Delta^ Rho vs. Pi Lambda Alp^a. Undergraduate Dames Entertain At Open House Approximately 25 couples attended the Undergraduate Dames’ open house Tuesday in the recreational room of the Union for a buffet supper and games. Following the candlelight supper, Mrs. Karl Becker, president, extended an official welcome to the new dames and their husbands.
Tomorrow morning at 10 the Boilermaker football squad is leaving on a special train for Chicago from the Monon station . . . considering the time of the day there will be no regular sendoff , . . let’s everyone get out that can possibly make it to give the team a roarinl; sendoff. —^fc— If the weather continues to get colder, this will bq about the last day for Sigma Delta Psi aspirants to pass off their track and field events . . . events will be run off today according to the demand for them. —fc— The freshmen engineers seemed to be the only students who could withstand the cold yesterday . . . in the inter-school cross-country meet yesterday they entered 10 men ... the mechanical school and physical education were, second with two men entered . . . E. J. Rolderman and M. L. Clevett, both freshmen engineers, finished first and second respectively in the meet . . . C. L. Schlater, P.E. student came in third .< . . Holderman’s time for the 21/2
Freshmen Engineers Dominate Distance Meiet To Capture First Two Positions The freshman engineers walked off with the honors in the interschool cross country run yesterday afternoon by winning three of the first four places. The winner is E. J. Holderman, who covered the two and one-half mile course in 13:10.8. M. L. Clevett, son of the intramural director, finished second in 13:30.
mile course was 13:10.8. —^fc— , ,We should have known that cold weather was coming after hearing the geese circling over the city the night before \/last . . an argument arose as to wlhether the leader was bewildered by the lights from the city or by the airplane beacon . . . perhaps some naturalist will settle the argument for us ... it will be month before we can drag out our blunderbusses and bring down any game in this district. —^fc— The winter breezes thinned out the track squad but there were still enough to run off the finals of the half-mile relay . . . the seniors won again, making it a grand slam for them . . . this is the third event to be finished in their round-robin
ADVERTISERS PATRONIZE EXPONENT
Boilermaker Tackle Twins'
T’/iC*£L6
Two players who seem headed for All-American honors, Martin Schreyer and Clem Woltman, Purdue’s “tackle twins.” These boys, who have been the mainstays of the Purdue forward wall for three years, began their careers as High School players together in South Bend. ^
HAYS I^VELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Positions for Freshmen You are here for an education. That alone shows you are aggressive and trying "to get ahead." The EXPONENT needs aggressive ambitious men and women on its advertising staff—eds and co-eds that are ^lli|ig to work. You need neither artistic por sgles ability. The EXPONENT will, lipyf^y^r, help you develop both. Add to tl^i§ g practical business training, and you of the more important direct result^ pb|g|nable for you in what is a further gf|ucd|ipn during yogr university career. ^ Do more with your time at school* you'll find it pays big dividends aftdr graduation. If you are interested in working, see Hensler at the EXPONENT office, 312 N. Fifth Street, Lafayette, after 3:00 P. M.
Subscribe for Th^ Purdue Exponent NOWl
C. L. Schlater finished third and C. C. Reeves copped fourth place, Holderman, Clevett, and Reeves represented the freshman engineering school and Schlater the physical education school. Winners of the first three places are to receive medals for their accomplishments and are in line for berths on the cross-country team. The race was run in weather more suitable for football than for track, but in spite of this the harriers made good time.
PRACTICE TOUCHBALL GAMES TODAY—4:15 Field. 1— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Delta Chi— Knox. 2— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma—Troyer. 3— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha Mu—^Boyer. 4— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Theta Xi —Wallace. 5— Theta Chi vs. Triangle—Beck. 6— Acacia vs. Sigma Pi—Caparoso. 7— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa Psi—Juillard. 8— Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon—Kerber.
SOFTBALL TODAY—4:15 Diamond 1—Ward llA vs. Ward 13. 3—Ward 2 vs. Ward 2X. 5—Ward 10 vs. Ward 11. 8— Ward lOX vs. Ward 6. 9— Sigma Chi vs. Delta Chi or Phi Kappa Tau. 10—Ward 7 vs. Ward ft. 12—^Ward 12 vs. Ward 5. 14— Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 5. 15— Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Theta Pi or Theta Chi. 16— Ward 4 vs. Cary Hall 2. 18—Cary Hall 4 vs. Ward 8.
Entomological Society To Hold First Meeting Tonight Various short speeches from students and faculty members will provide entertainment for the first meeting of the Thomas Say Entomological Society tonight. The society, sponsored by J. J. Davis, head of the University entomology club, will hold a business meeting including election of officers for the coming year. Short speeches on the past summer’s experiences will be given by various members of the club. The meeting will be given at 7:30 p. m. in room 103 of Agriculture Hall.
CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIOWS
BlkTMDAY CAkDS
WCDDINC CONGkATU LAFIONS
ANNIVEkSAkY CONGkATULATIONS
GOING AVAY CAkDS
BAkY CONGkATU* LATIONS
CWEEkCAkDS FOk’TEIE CONVALESCENT
OF SVNkAFW
5X8-520 Main St.
DECKER’S “Greeting Card Headquarters”
Phone 6477k lA
r
'' / / /
- ftj.imt—^Vx.i,».K*-.
ti-*.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, October 14, 1937
Fieldhouse Ready For Use Within Next Six Weeks (Continued from page 1)
physical literacy as well as mental litei-acy. The great danger of the machine is that physical illiteracy may go on the increase.” Stafford declared the state bureau ready to cooperate with the University by saying, “Our department is for your assistance, and is ready to help you in any way that we
can.”
Dines With P. E. Department Rogers and Stafford finished their visit to the University at a luncheon given in their honor in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. President Elliott could not atattend the luncheon, but was represented by his assistant. Professor Frank Hockema. Mai Elward, “Piggy” Lambert, Dr. P. R. Eastwood, R. C. Woodworth, Miss Helen Hazelton, and other members of both the men’s and women’s physical education staffs held a round table discussion with the educators following the luncheon.
English Standards Prove Peril To Careless Students (Continued from page 1)
and marked by all three readers. Writers of poor papers are required to do more writing in English X. In this course a minimum of five papers is required; when papers become satisfactory, the student is dismissed from further work. All the above steps take place without any student’s name being sent to the registrar; however, those students who do not successfully complete English X have their names sent to the registrar and he assigns them to English C. (Jimiors assigned to English C cannot become seniors until English C is passed. Seniors must get out of English C before they can grad-
uate.)
In this course the student must write at least eight themes or until the themes become satisfactory to the instructor. At the present time there are 42 students registered in English C. Dr,Cutler To Speak On Grasslands Conference “The National Grasslanus Conference and Conditions in the British Isles” will be discussed by Dr. G. H. Cutler, of the University agronomy department, at a meeting open to all agricultural students to be held in Ag Hall at 4:15 tomorrow eve-
ning.
Dr. Cutler made an extended visit to the Isles this past summer and will talk of his experiences and observations there. Agronomy students are sponsoring the meeting and an invitation is extended to all interested.
BUS SERVICE To and From
South Bend Plymouth Michigan City Laporte Rochester Fort Wayne (a) Huntington (a) Goshen Warsaw Peru Logansport (a) via Traction Lines from Peru. 4 round trips daily 5 round trips on Sunday, with a late trip returning Sunday night. UNION BUS STATION E. A. Slocum, Agt. Lafayette Phone 2105
Doc Miller Cavorts With Brides, Babes By J. O. Minier Brides, babies and Doc Miller. That’s the triple feature that a local photographer’s window now carries. Yes, sir, first run stuff. . Have you seen his likeness, Hitler mustache and all, the great guardian angel of our Student Health Service, practically in the center of a gi’oup of beautiful clad-in-whites, and kids in three-cornered pants ? This near Mtma Lisa is on exhibit at Phillips Photographers, 609 Main street. Due to the immense crowds, you probably will have to stand in line for hours, but it will be worth it to see the great man with his mouth shut.
Group Finds Fieldhouse Near Completion Stage (Continued from page 1)
goes back far enough that no student can reach behind into an adjoining locker basket. Concrete footings which will support the removable basketball floor are in place six inches below the floor of the Fieldhouse proper. The structure will seat 8,500 basketball spectators; over 2,300 more persons than there are registered in the University. The Fieldhouse is large enough to house a regulation football game, if it could be played without the benefit of end zones. Offices for the physical education staff will be in the south end of the building. Noble Kizer’s office will be in the southwest corner, overlooking the campus. Union Music Room Resumes Daily Recorded Programs Resuming the schedule which was interrupted two weeks ago by the breakdown of the record playing machine, the Union music room will ,Continue today the daily programs of recordings from 12 noon till 1 p. m. and from 4 till 7 p. m. Hereafter, only the girl from the browsing room will play the machine. Student operation has been found unsatisfactoty because of the cost of repairing the delicate mech-
anism.
In addition to the recordings, the music room committee has on display books about the symphony, opera, history of American music, and modern music and musiciaris, and pictures of Beethoven, Chopin, and Schubert. Freshmen Students Capture Prizes In Cattle Judging John Stewart and Willard Bainbridge, freshmen student members of the Indiana State 4-H club dairy judging team, both captured prizes in cattle judging at the National Dairy Show held Saturday in Columbus, O.
Thief Returns Rifle Stolen From Gym Shooting Range A .22 calibre rifle, stolen Monday night from the shooting range in the Women’s Gymnasium, has been returned. The rifle was left propped against the door, and Was found by the night watchman as he opened the door. The warning issued by Sergeant T. J. Purchla, of the University military department, coach of the co-ed rifle team, is believed to be responsible for the rifle’s retdrn. The warning stated that the two boys had been j'ecognized, but would not be prosecuted if the rifle were returned prdmptly.
—-TODAY— 11:00—Charlotte Friend Stewart. 11:15—PTA Council. 11:30—Parade of Melodie. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Reba Harwood. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Scientific News Review. 12:45—Alberta Schmadel. 1:00—Melody Time. 1:15—Better Expression, G. D. Williams “What Do You Do With Your Voice?” 1:30—WBAA Presents. 1:45—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Geography in the News. 2:16—The Machine Age. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest, Robert Horn. 3:00—Community Chest Program. 3:16—Marvin Smith, tenor. 3:30—Typing School of the Air, L. G. Minier. 3:45—Interesting People in the News, Louise Edwards. 4:00—^The Story Book Hour. 4:16—Edith Hines. 4:30—American Family Robinson. 4:45—Bob Hildebrandt, pianist.
Ads ate taken in Room E of tlie Purdue Memorial Union on a cash basis only.
MAKE EXTRA MONEY
SELLING
Shoes
also
complete line of shoes for every man in your coliegre town. Be known as our exclusive dormitory or Campus “SHOE MAN”. Just an hour or two enjoyable work each day grives you the extra money yon want. State qualifications in first letter.
Dept. C.
J. C. Moench Shoe Company 727 Atlantic Ave. BOSTON, MASS.
Indiana Motor Bus Company
Formal Season Soon!
Always in Good Taste when wearing a tailor-made Tuxedo or Full Dress Suit. Tailored to your individual measurements.
sparrendahl tailor 4th and Ferry
TODAY English Club: Dinner meeting in the' cafeteria of the Home Economics Building at 6 p. m. History, Economics, Government Departments: Dinner meeting in the reception room of the Union Building at 6 p. m. Civil Engineering Staff Dinner: In rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building at 6:30 p. m. Thomas Say Entomological Society: Meeting in room 103 of the Agi’iculture Hall at 7:30 p. m.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
WOOD FOR SALE—Furnace and fireplace. Call Ed Morgan. Phone 71249.
FOR RENT—Well furnished single room. Block and a half from campus. Inquire 330 W. Lutz street. Phone 2430.
LOST—Green Eversharp fountain pen, 9 a. m. yesterday, southeast corner Recitation Building. Reward $2.00. Phone 65094.
WANTED — Trumpet man for dance work. Phone 5317, Bob Stagg, immediately.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.ni.
M. T. 4 Condition Exam: An examination for removal of C grade in M. T. 4 will be held in room 201, Armory, at 4 p. m., November 1. Students desiring to take this exam should report to me at the Armory office before noon, October 29. —HAYFORD. Dolphin Clnb: Important meeting October 14 at 7:80 at the Pi Kappa Phi house. All members please be present. —ARMSTRONG.
W. A. A.: No W. A. A. activities October 14 because of W. S. G. A. mass meeting. —BRADY.
W. A. A. Fencing: Sign up in Gym for fencing by October 14. —DANIELS.
M. T. 2 Condition Exam: An examination for the removal of C grade in M. T. 2 will be held in room 103, Armory, at 4 p. m., November 9. Students desiring to take this examination should report to me at the Armory office before noon, November 6. —HAYFORD.
Knitting Club: Regular class meeting, October 14 at 7:15 p. m. in room 1 of the Memorial Union Building. —WOOD.
Co-eds: Gold Diggers tickets on sale at the Union Desk starting October 14. —SEXTON.
PIA: All interested in enrolling in dancing class call at PIA office from 4 to 6 :30 p. m. any day until October 16. —CLYMER.
Playshop: All ticket money and season tickets held by salesmen must be turned in at theater office in Fowler Hall by 6 p. m. October 16. —MILNE.
Scrivener: Please put all receipt stubs in an envelope and leave at Union desk for me by October 16. —BOORD.
WAA Council: Meeting October 14 at 6 p. m. in WAA office. —DELAPLANE.
Virginia C. Meredith Club: Picnic t WAA cabin October 14 at 6:30 p. ni. DE WITTE.
WAA Hockey: Seniors and sophomores practice October 13. Practice period over October 22. Must have 8 practices in. DE WITTE.
Gold Diggers’ Comps: Light, Eastburn, Wood, Crossman, Turner, McLeod, Justin, Pyke, Stewart get comps for the Gold Diggers’ Ball at Union desk. —SEXTON.
WAA: Cabin leadership course to be given October 16 from 2 :S0 to 6 p. m. The group will leave from the Gym at 2 o’clock and pass the Women’s Residence Hall at 2:10. All co-eds interested in going sign up in Womens Gym by October 16. Fresh-
men especially are urged to attend. — ^ —SWICK.
M. E. 62 Condition Ebcam: An examination for removing conditions in M. E. 62 will be given on December 14 at 4 p. m. in room 207. Students planning to take this exam please see me. —BINDER.
WAA Riflery: Practice October 14. 6:16 p. m.. Ward 2: 7 p. m. Chi Omega and Alpha "Xi; 7:46 p. m. Kappa; 8:30 p. m., WRH South. —CHRISTENSON.
Purdue Flying Club: Meeting October 14 in room B of the Union Building at 7 p. m. —CONWAY.
Kappa Delta Pi: Special meeting October 14 at 7:16 in room A in the Union. All actives please be present. —BYRD.
4-H Club: All 4-H leaders and members are invited to folk-game party at the Union ballroom October 16 at 8:30 p. m. 'Tickets should be purchased in advance. —McFADDEN.
Riding Club: Important meeting October 14, 7 :30 p. m., m the Union office. —HARPER. Bridge Enthusiasts: Meet in room D of the Union Building 4 p. m. October 14, to discuss plans for free weekly bridge lessons. I —MATTHEWS.
Union Slophomores: My committee will meet in Room D of the Union at 4:00 p. m. October 14. —MA'TTHEWS.
WSGA Office Committee: Report to the WSGA office at 6 o’clock October 14. —MERRILL.
Entomology Club: Meeting 7:30 p. ra., October 14 in room 103, Agricultural Hall. Business meeting with election of officers. —HUTTON.
WAA Swimming: Open swim 7:30 p. m. to 8:30 p. m., October 14. Triton Club swim 8:30 p. m. to 9:30 p. m. October 14. —SHEWALTER.
Camera Club: No new members will be admitted until new dark room is available. —SHOEMAKER.
Mortar Board Members: Meeting at 4:16 p. m. in Grill October 14. Bring money for jackets. Be prompt. Important meeting. —RICHEY.
Womens Bowling: Sign up for tournament in the Union office before October 19. —CROSSMAN.
Fraternity Bowling: October 16 is the deadline to enter teams in the fraternity bowling tournament. —MILLHOLLAND.
Union Workers: Will our committees please report to the Union office October 14 at 4 p. m. —JACOBSON, CABONARGI. Will our committees please report to the Union workshop October 14 at 4 p. m. —MASON, HARPER. Union sophomore girls report to the Union office October 14 at 4 p. m. —CROSSMAN.
NEW DIFFEBENT
9iL SButamUmd,
New, different, in every respect—and one more issue, too. The Exponent is streamlined. It's probably the first college daily newspaper to take such a forward step. And speaking of steps, how about having it mailed to the steps of your home? Let the folks back home know that Purdue is aggressive. What it is doing. It'll come in handy (especially if you hate to write letters). Deac's, Southworth's, and the Union Desk will take your subscription. It's only $3.50 moiled in the U.S.
• Purdue Exponent