i ^ ^ r r- ^ « ^*-w ^ ifeA- !i 4 ^ ^ I V ^ ^
T^
tlead Today's Edit On Page 2
Z-I8S
Founded In 1889
Daily Sinoo 1906
FooH»aff C6nie Opens TomonUur
^ A
!>
Volume 52, No. 146
Wedt Lerfoyette, bidicma
Thursday, April 3, 1941
Council Establishes New Fraternity Affairs Office Organization To Handle Executhfe Work Of Interfraternity Presidents'CoutKil “Fraternity Affairs Office,” an activity organization designed to act as the administrative arm of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council, has come into being with the approval of President Elliott, R. B. Stewart, Dean Fisher, and the Interfraternity Council.
Fraternity matters, including publicity, ^scholarship, rushing, and special events, will be handled by the new office. Affairs of the office will be directed by one senior secretary and four junior assistants. Any' fraternity affiliate, active or pledge, of sophomore standing who has a 3.6 index is eligible to serve as a sophomore worker. Work that will be in the charge of an elected senior secretary next year will be done by a committee consisting of Leon Jacobson, Mark Keane, Richard Lynch, Irwin Fosse, aijd Bob Colquhoun for the rest of this semester. Qualified sophomores who wish to work on this new activity are to report tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 238 of the Union, where the organization’s offices are to be located. Juniors desiring to petition for the four elective positions open to them must present their petitions at the West desk of the Union before Saturday noon. Chems and mets will be given until Tuesday noon to submit their qualifications because of the inspection trip. Petitions must contain the applicant’s qualifications and experience and be signed by the president of J;heir fraternity. Petitioners will be interviewed by the committee ih charge on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday of next week. Juniors chosen will seive for the rest of the year, and fiom them next year’s senior secretary will be chosen, j.h.a. EE School Displays Sample Of Ligfitning Fused Beach Sand A sample of beach sand fused into a glass-like tube by a lightning stroke has recently been placed on display in the Electrical Engineering building. Prof. F. W. Greve ^ of the school of Civil Engineering presented ihe unusual specimen to the EE school. The sample was found on the shore of Lake Superior near Eagle River, Mich., in the summer of 1936. Lightning which struck the shore melted a column of sand extending down into the beach more than two feet and going even below the water table. The sample on display, several inches long, is pierced by a hole approximately one-fourth inch in diameter line^ with a coating of glazed silicon closely resembling black glass. The outer surface contains embedded sand grains. j.h.a. ASME Hears Pugsley Discuss Combustion William H. Pugsley, manager of engineering for the Hayes Corporation of Michigan City, addressed members of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers at a meeting last evening. Pugsley used movies and cross-sectional models to illustrate principles and problems of automatic combustion control, which was the topic of the evening’s discussion. Some of Pugsley’s monographs are available in the school of Mechanical Engineering and will be distributed as long as they are available. His fifth and most recent « release was titled “Adapting Automatic Combustion Control to the Characteristics of Chain or Traveling Stokers.” k.a.k.
Keller To Explain Air Corps Training To Fraternity Men Talks To Focus Attention On F[ying Cadet Program Arrangements have been made for representatives of the Army Plying Cadet Board to address various fraternities on the air corps pilot training program, it was announced yesterday by Don Douglass, president of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council. Captain E. R. Keller, publicity director of the board, has already . arranged to speak before a number
Captain Keller ■i of fraternities within the next week. His purpose in presenting these short talks is to bring pertinent facts concerning the flying cadet program to the direct attention of as many students as possible, and to answer questions on the program. Dates for the following week are being planned by Douglass, ^nd campus organizations interested in having a representative of the Plying Cadet Board speak to them should contact him. Capt. Keller has made and will make talks at the following fraternities this week: yesterday noon. Phi Gamma Delta; yesterday evening, Phi Kappa Psi; this noon. Delta Upsilon; this evening. Theta Xi; tomorrow noon. Delta Chi; tomorrow evening. Phi Kappa ^ Sigma; Monday noon. Alpha Gamma Rho; Monday evening. Beta Theta Pi; Tuesday noon. Sigma Phi Epsilon; Tuesday evening, Tau Epsilon Phi. r.s.k. Dr. Leevy Will Address Ohio Valley Sodologists Dr. J. Roy Leevy, of the division of education and applied psychology, will present a paper at the annual meeting of the Ohio Valley Sociologists to be held April 25-26 at Ohio State University in Columbus. The topic of Dr. Leevy’s address will be “Housing Families of Low Incomes in Industrial Communities.” The Ohio Valley Sociologists, oJ? which Dr. Leevy is a'member, is an organization of the sociologists of the various Ohio valley universities. e.miB.
——From All Fronts—* Today's Summary Of War News
CUemio D«Ur News Foreicn Serriee. SvMrrisht. 1M«. CUeeco Daily News, lac. • Union Jack Over Eritrea “With the Union Jack over the capital of the oldest Italian colony in Africa, and all Eritrea so nearly in British hands as to require little more than changing the colored pins on the map,” radios Robert J. Casey, who is at the front, “the Ethiopian parade continued today as scheduled.” * Ht « • Nazi-Serb Break Near “In the German view, as it was announce yestetday in authorized circles, the Yugoslavian problem is ‘steadily worsening,’ while the controlled press prints in growing numbers accounts of anti-German demonstrations,” radios David M. Nichol. * * !t! H: e Vichy Outlook Gloomy • “A pessimistic outlook prevailed here yesterday over Vichy’s relations With Britain,” radios Paul Ghali. He adds that the consensus in Vichy is that “Hitler might soon have reason to rub his hands over Franco-British, if not German Serbian relations.” * * * . o Naval Reports Clouded “It is becoming increasingly difficult,” cables William H. Stoneman from London, “to discover just what is happening in the battle of the Atlantic, beyonff'the well-known fact that a great many ships are being sunk.” * * * o Yugoslav Air Alarm An air raid alarm lasting eight minutes was sounded yesterday in Skoplje, key city in southern Serbia,'as _three foreign planes hovered aboye the city at a great height, dropping no bombs. * * * • New Burma-China Link “The British here are expecting an eaily beginning of construction of Burma’s new railway link with China,” A. T. Steele radios from Rangoon. “The Chinese point out how that every mile of railway built shortens the haul and increases the capacity of the Burma highway.” Fred Kellem Will Talk To ASCE Tomorrow Fred Kellem, engineer of design for tlje Indiana state highway commission, will speak at a meeting of the American Society of Civil Engineers in room 201 of the Civil Engineering building tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock. Kellem, assisted by several members of his staff, will discuss the problems concerning construction, design, and maintenance of highway bridges. All interested persons are invited to attend the meeting, p.g.h.
Marian Anderson, Contralto, To Sing Here Next Thursday
First Concert
Berlin Press Prints Growing Number Of Serb Outbursts Papers Give No Credit' To Yugoslavian Denials By David M. Nichol SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc Berlin, April 2.—In the German view, as it was announced today in authoiized circles, the Yugoslavian problem is “steadily worsening.” The controlled press prints in growing numbers accounts of anti-Ger-man demonstrations and outbursts. The campaign continue^ as it has on the previous days of this cuirent crisis and during earlier ones Germans and “volksdeutsche” (citizens of German blood) have been routed from their homes, the accounts say. They are fleeing in danger of their lives “to' neighboring countries. Windows have been smashed, they continue; boys tortured and women molested. Semiofficial denials in the Yugoslavian press that there are disturbances are given no credit. The Swoelf Urh Blatt, for example, calls them “insolent documents.” Plight of Creations Press expressions of sympathy for the alleged plight of the Croatians are to be heard and the Qeutsche Allgememe Zeitung writes that the anti-Serbian attitude in Croatia is increasing. Croatians, it says, have even left Belgrade for Zagreb because, the paper claims, there was no guarantee for their
safety.
Meanwhile, the official | statement of the German government on the seizure of Axis ships in American harbors was\ still awaited here and some observers saw in its delay evidence of possible internal differences about how far this shouldgo. So far, the pyincipal reaction has come in comments on Attorney General Robert H. Jackson’s speech, 'which the newspapers and authorized circles here declare means the end of international law. Whether the^^statement would also include references to the South American countries was not made clear in replies to questions today. The Diplocatische Politische Korrespondenz, which often voices the views of the Foreign Office, today called American seizure of Axis shipping a “flagrant Wild West American breach of the law.” It termed the American move as “an act of gangsterism” which it said was the latest “violence of the Roosevelt regime.”
Marian Anderson
Perrin Long To Speak On Sulfanilamide At Sigma Xi Meeting Sigma Xi, science honorary, will hold an open meeting tonight at 7:30 p. m. in the lecture loom of Stanley Coulter Hall when they present Dr. Perrin H. Long, associate physician and associate professor of medicine at Johns Hopkins University. Dr. Long will speak on “Redent Advances in Bacterial Chemotherapy with Special Reference to the Mode of Action of Sulfanilamide and its Dei ivatives.” Intense interest has been aroused by the use of sulfanilamide and its derivatives in the treatment of bacterial infections, and their use has caused radical changes in the method of treatment of bacterial disease. The manner in which the new compounds act upon the infection is not definitely known. Dr. Long will discuss the generally conceded theory that the drugsjnhibit the gi owth of bacteria, even killing them in some cases, s.b w. Playshop Tickets Reserved seat tickets for “Bachelor Born,” Playshop’s last last production of the current season, are now being filled through mail orders. The box ofiice -will open Monday, April 7, for direct exchange. This comedy, by Ian Hay, will be presented April 16 through 19.
Student Opinion Surveys Reveal College Youth Want United States To Stay Out Of Foreign Wars
(By Student Opinion Surveys) « AUSTIN, Texas, April 12,—Let’s keep out of war! — College youth hafe demanded this consistently during recent years, and last week t^ose interviewed by Student Opinion Surveys of America in a national sampling again expressed the desire that the United States should keep away from the bhttle fronts. Nearly six out of every ten of those included in the survey say they do not want the U. S. Navy to intervene if Japan decides to attack British Singapore and the Dutch East Indies. Although 10 per cent of the nation’s students were undecided on this issue, the remainder are divided in this fashion:
U. S. shoifld intervene
41 per cent
U. S. should NOT intervene 59 per cent Singapore, as one of the largest naval bases in the world, and the Dutch East Indies would be strategically advantageous to Japan’s Far East sea operations. The present survey appears significant in that it shows American youth of college age still cling to the hope of keeping out of war, even on the face of ever-growing ai^ to England. Last November collegians asserted that averting' war was more important even thali helping Britain. Thh same decision was reached in February, 1940, the Surveys found, and during that same month students opposed compulsory military training. Even back in October, 1939, majorities declared they would ndt volunteer
should the U. S. send troops to help England, and opposed changing the neutrality law to a)low any belligerent to buy American supplies. Despite these efforts of college students to steer clear of any foreign entanglements, a slight majority last month admitted through the Student Opinion Surveys poll, that they felt the United States could not stay out of the European conflict. The present survey reveals that the nearer to the geographical center of the United States a student attends school, the more emphatic he is that the U. S. should avoid war. This same trend has been noticed before, last month more students in the interior than along the coasts appearing more certain we could avoid the conflicts
For Singer In Lafayette Marian Anderson, frequently given recognition by critics as one of the world’s greatest contraltos, will appear before a University audience for the second convocation program of the semester, next Thursday, April 10, in the Hall of Music. It will be Miss Ander-^ son’s first concert in Lafayette although during the past year she has presented concerts before more than a quarter of a million people in 70 American cities. Passports Required Prof. J. T. Gunn, convocations chairman, said last night that admission to the concert will be by passport and season ticket or by single admissions at $1 each which will be sold at the door Thursday evening. There will be no advance sale and no reserved seats. "" Miss Anderson recently returned to the United States from the Hawaiian Islands where she made six appearances, and is now engaged in her sixth annual tour of the United Sthtes. ) The contralto’s concert selections usually include songs from Ba,ch, Handel, and Schubert in addition to the Negro spirituals which she traditionally sings. Seventy-five thousand persons heard Miss Anderson sing from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, on April, 1939, after the celebrated controversy that raged when the D. A. R. refused the Negro singer the use of their Hall for a concert. j.l.t. Bill Martin To Play At Saturday Night Union Stag Mixer By Ernest Nordlinger While other large schools sponsor stag dances regularly, our campus has become accustomed to bringing dates to the Saturday mixers. Requests have been coming to the Student Union offidals to hold a true stag mixer. Last night Catherine Kem, Student Union vice-president, made final arrangements for the first allcampus stag dance. Bill Martin and his band has been engaged to provide the music with Jean Skiimer of the Kappas as the featured singer. Dresg will be in the true collegiate style of saddle shoes, sweaters, ankle socks and m^n preferred with sport coats. You can come alone, come with your roommate, your best friend, or your date. On other campuses the admission price is usually raised for the privilege of coming stag, but Saturday night the usual fnixer price of a dollar will prevail in the south ballroom. v • Brlgode Plays Tomorrow For PfA Spring Tnfomiat The PIA Spring Dunce, though it has been formal in previous years, will be an informal dance, it was" announced yesterday. The dance, to be held in both ballrooms of the Hniou tomorrow evemng, is an open dance, tuckets selling for the usual mixer price of one dollar. All PIA members and dates will be admitted free. Ace Brigode and bis Virginians ' will provide the music for the dauce.^ Betty Day will be featured as calist. r.sJE. ^Thursddy# April 3« 1941
fijuJulusL£xi^^
M.LMoss
... iassistent in the department of chemistryj has been awai-ded the Baker Fellowship in analytical chemistry for 1941-’42. Moss will work on a problerh in spectrophotometry under the direction of Dr. M. G. Mellon.
Florence Cndl . . , A^es McCulloch, arid: Mary Ellen Scarif are representing the University at the annual AWS convention, at the Texas Technological College at Lubboch, Texas. The convention closes tomorVow.
LUNA Today-Fri.-Sat.—2 Hits (bw J
— Also— EVERYBODY’S
Students, faculty and widelyknown guest speakers recently participated in a conference on vital social ibrobleriis at the Ufiii^r&ity iff Rochester.
We Are. How Restoring the VITAMIN Bi Content of Our White Breads to Average Whole Wheat Levels by Using Fieisthitiann's Hi-Bi Yeast
MV[$ QUALITY BAKERY
HELD OVER!! THRU SATURDAY BY POPULAR DEMAND The most amazing comedy - romance ever filmed . . . it starts with a rib . . . it ends as the greatest love attraction since Eve fell for Adam!
— Extra — JOHNNY MESSNER AND HIS BAND
NOW PLAYING
NABSHA HUNT BOBEBT STEBIING GENE BETNOIDS
The Ratio-~ 3.03 ...tol
Well, it seems as though spring is with us at last, arid rigm ujorig with her hii| .edine tj|e'.riliiriiiiaile rditnanebs varid harid-noli^|l On campus everywhere. If that were all, it wouldn’t be so'bad, but the Residence HaU’s . vestibules and lounges a^e •ddOhed full o;f fervent love-mriMors these nights; All we got to say is that you offenders better keep your eyes open because our favorite informer, the “SftOoper” is really on the brill these days. He says the worst offenders over at the halls are Jean Muir and Paul Zimirieritiriri, and Kae Weber and Irwin Fosse, both of them new* romances. Oh well, they’ll cool. Say, what’s going on around here ? Are bangs the new spring fashion around here, or what? A lot of the girls are sporting them. Got a new pin for you for sure and a rumor of another. The sure one is Theta Marilyn Fifield and Phi Delt Von Beulow. The rumor concerns Pi Kappa Phi Bob Reed and Nelda Byrum. We haven’t had a confirmation on that yet because nobody seems to be able to find
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT. Richaid ARLEN Andy
ALSO-
"Winners of the West" Serial FIRST RUN NEWS
HELD OVER Thru Saturday
PLUS
A Carload of Laughs as These Gutter Kids Try to Buck the CCCt THE EAST SIDE KIDS ; IN Prkfe of Hie Bowery
tii* l^oliiiiai
japan’s foreign friinister Youske TVlritsuoka has moved in to Rome now. With bad luck following him all the W&y. ^b far he’s seen Yugoslavia lift thumb to nose at Adolph and Benito’s riavy come limping back into dry dock. In such a shape that a fleet inspection ... Now entails the usri of a glass bottom boat. Two down and orie to g6. It comes in threes you know. ■ ■ * * * Speaking of threes brings to mind our present strike situation. In the good old American si^le thibe g^kris are all that are allowed. But these CIO boys seem to have forgotten the rules. They had five of the darn things last week. And are still swinging the ball bats. Down in liarlan county the coal miners disdain any such childish games though. A squirrel rifle is good enough for them. Swiping some of Hitler’s tactics it might be a good idea to take movies and show them to him before he starts any invasion. Just to let him know what he’s up against. '■ .* ♦ * We may be short on boats. But not on bricks. * * Adolph’s panzer divisions may be good. We adiriit that. And they can be veterans of a dozen battles. But
The Purdue Exponent
Entered second class matter at the post in Lafayette, liidiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917,. authorised Januaitir. 2D, •1922. Publ^hed daily except Monday-, during, the regular academic year and weekly :t^fihg ;the Sumfheriiggision. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscHpflOft, $8,60. - EdHor-in-Cliief................. B. W. Donahue BusiUess Mihager......... ...Merle Hagemeyer . ','PuhtiOillori, StaH ■' '' V:.;, News 3^ito^..i,...i;....;.......;..... .if. ji-'HoKee Managing Editor..;;.i:...^.......:....-....;............i„;;.....i.ri*' «. HSiple Associate Editors: M. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Buffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. ,v r' i .-BusIllafS Staff LOcitl/AdvOrtisidk i^nagerS : D, S; Po^eig; 0: .G, I^ders; . FfotitOtiOn Mahdger, C. . F.- Ddhgleiiiaiieir AdcOudts Manager, E. J. Sbadford; Circulation' Manager, B. M. Becktenwald. Gd-ed Staff . . ■ i Editor ;...;;....-....Betlt SiidpSon Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Bose, Donna Siess. .•Sparta $taff / Editor...... J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F., Adamson, P. C. Johnson, B. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison-fAve., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night.Editor: Ochiltree Day Editor: Bose Ass’t Night Editor: Nov^ Night Sports Editor: Johnson Staff: J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, E.- W. Nordlinger, R. S. Kolb, J. G. Hoffman, S. B. Wolf, M. L. Losey, M. J. Fox, S. J. Slesser, Petty, K. A. Klossdn.
they haven’t lived ... Until they try to run a picket line.^-Hdkh
them, but we wouldn’t put it past them. - Well, we have new romances galore, but the old ones seem to be doing all right for the most part, too. For instance, Hugh Redhead and Martha Lommell are still that way, much to the exasperation of the “Snooper” (Wish we knew who that person is). Also, Bill Lancet and Ann Morton and Dottie Sieb and Ralph Nesler are showing the wise-guys, who gave their unions a month at the most, that they were crazy. Hold the fort, people. That eterrial geometric -figure showed itself around here the other day, too, when that man of many pins. Delta Chi Lee Clifford, had an ex-pin girl of his up from lU, and the same night double dated with another ex-pin girl of his, Martie Rosencrans, We don’t know what happened, but from the looks of ^things, all did not go smoothly. That guy must really like situations. Wish we had been there. We like them, too. Got some good news for you, people. Exactly seven weeks from today, we’ll be starting in on those finals that were not abolished.
SBOE STYLING
EXACT AS
Awaits you in our new Fortune Shoes -where every detail of styling and construction is os exactingly dictated os "Parade Dress."
FORTUNE
The Sand Runs Low ' I ■ . . . in the glass of time as the hour of the United States' entry into the war approaches. This is not a statement built on an analysis of last week’s events in the world theater. It is not a deduction based oii the seizure of the Italian vessels in spite of the ominous press notices and the gloomy analysis of the same by a certain history instructor on the campus. We cannot be convinced that this move, while indicating the government’s'attitude, is important enough in the picture as a whole to draw the United States into the conflict. On the other hand it does not indicate that we are avoiding war. We are on the verge of a war for which we can find no legitimate, unemotional reason to enter. But because of our headlong plunge which was begun last June with the “Aid to Britain” cry we feel that certain aims or purposes of our entry be made cldar. In the last few weeks two well known edticators. Monsignor Fulton J. Sheen, Catholic church philosopher and orator, and Robert M. Hutchins, much discussed president of the University of Chicago, have seen fit to publicly pronounce their views on the “race to war.” Monsignor Sheen, who is generally regarded as one of America’s great thinkers, became most vehement in his weekly radio address two weeks ago in his denunciation of those who would lead us into war. President Hutchins, while continuing to apply his head-in-the-sand analysis to world problems as well as to his athletic problems, at least was able to point out last Sunday several fallacies and pitfalls connected with our entry ipto the war. While we do not believe as President Hutchins apparently does that when the world is at war the thing to do is lie down and presently the whole thing will pass over, we do agt^e With him when he says that the passage of the Lend-Lease Bill conferred no mandate upon the President to lead the nation into war.., But the fact remains that the nation ip dangerously close to war. But as President Hutchins asks “If we go to war,: what are we going to war for ?” That is the question without a doubt and on the answer to that question depends the future bf this nation. If we are entering solely becaiise of embtibhai fervor aroused by a justifiable sympathy for the oppression and subjugation of free peoples over the world then let us sayN ew. Let us face facts and the real issues. Let us not be driven into armed conflict by any fear of invasion, art event for which we can ultimately prepare. Aside from the purely idealistic aspects of our entry into, the war the fact remains that the majority of the pbbple of the United"States are still opposed to active participation in theiebnflict. Regardless of any personal feeling in the matter, it sOeriis to us that the President is betraying a trust bestowed upon hipi at the polls if he takes this country into wat. It is ohb thiirig to be in sympathy with a beleaguered, neighbor and axiotber to actively fake up arms in his defense, The Exponent stated flatly last July that there is no pjace “short of war.” Today we say if there is such a mythical time or place, this is it! ~ . :
6. & W. Shoe Go.
121 N. 4th St.
Two Staff Members Speak At Convention
Two University staff mienibers g will be speakers at the mid-west convention of the American Association of Health, Physical Education and Recreation, which opens at Charleston, W. 'Va., tomorrow
’ and will continue over the week-end. Frof. Plpyd R. EastWoodVof the division of physical education for men, will preside over a riieetirig toiriorrow afternoon at which j. L, Lingo, director of the University public safety institute, will be one of the principal speakers. ' ' Three University graduates will’ form a prinel for a discussion of' problems associated with prepai-ed presentations. m.j.f.^ I
t I
Agrili^ 3# 1941
paqsiZ-^nol^^
|C4
;ilMCl4S
Ticket SeUera kiid . T'skera: at Field House; by —IwM’-, ,
Pi Tau Sigma: Meeting for'election of’ pledges in. rodtO SOB of Union: oh Friday, Af»ril;,4.i(Important thigt all aotiyas roRort at 7 §. >», Whether ydft ehtt stay ■ iiig of’rio^ V . ■ , ,■ : '.■■"-WST ; Reliidons. Couneil: Regular meeting date is''second Wednesday (April 9)—no meet■'ing'April 5'. —BEIiOHER ,
El
'.'.ihomt^: iiy
ME 31 C’s and I’s ^ake-up: Finai for d and' I. grades in any division of . ME 81 will be given Saturday, April 12, at 1 p, m. in room 101, Mechanical Engineering: Building. . —KEMLER. GE ^inafidn,f6r, rehShVai-4f -oohr ditioh April 12. Make arrangements in room 202 Michael Golden Shops before Fri- -.. I^GWen. , - PI A'Dance Classes: Advanced dance Claeses will meet Tuesday, April 1. BeKin* ners wfll meet Thursday; April’8v-■ —HUMPHREY. ,
imtoiiaifdty CldRi; Aimual lini^':wili'i K# fidl^ Wed-
^day, ^pyH fit af ;ilid: fhrdue,jMtem^ial Union iif the Edst Fffcufty Lo'hhge.. Paul T. Ulman of the State Entomology Office
Will be principal speaker.
—RICHMAN.
Cdlifege ''^idopT Dance Chorus i Rehearsal ( R'. Si., Thhimday,'April’ 8. ih Music Hall. Everyone mtfsf be wiere; ■ —KNIGHT.
: Chridfian Student Fellowship : Meeting, Thu'reday, April 3, at 7:30 p. m. in room 307, of the-Unioh. —LONGr
WAA: Gold team practice at 4 p, m.',' black‘team practice at 4:80 p. m., Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday. i —BRITTON.
, Purdue Dairy Club Meeting:; Tuesday, April 8; at 7 :30 p. m., ih Smith Hall, room 108. There will be election of officers, movies, and refreshments. ^ —BROWN.
ASCE: Meeting Thursday, April 3, at 7:30 ih room 201 of the CE building. —McCAMMPN.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting for pledge practice and short discussion, Thursday, April 3, at 5 o’clock, room 286. Important. —WAYNE.
Acre.Modelers: Meeting Fri.day, April 4, room 2fil of the Union at 7 :30. p. m.' —VELKOFF.
All Engineers: All engineers who have not paid tiieir subscription toHhe Purdue Engineer please remit one dollar during the next two weeks. Office in Union open 4-6:39 daily. —LARITZ.
Physics Ib Exam: Examination for removal of C grades in PhysiCs Ib will be in room 210 C. and M. building, Saturday, April 5, at 1 p. m. Register with the undersigned before 3 p. m. Friday, April 4. ' —SHERMAN.
P Men’s'Meeting: Election of officers in Room 263 of Union at 7 :30 p. m. Thursday, April 3. —AXTON.
Placement Notes for Women: Miss Charlotte Vbllbraoht of Goodyear will be on the campus April 8 to interview senior women for secretarial positions and for. analytical work in chem labs. Seagram and Sons of Louisville interested in seniors for production supervision. Call placement service for women immediately. No. -2965, for informatioh ahd interviews. Scabbwd and Blade Actives : There will be a meeting at 7:36 p. m.. Thursday, April 3. in room 856 in the Union. —MEESE.
ASME: Members get your cards and emblems from me in Professor Cope’s, office 10 to 11 a. m.. Thursday, to Saturday, April 3-6. . —COOLEY,
Scab.bard and Blade Pledges: Attendance will not be necessary at the active members meeting tonight, Thursday, April 3. —GIBSON.,
Riddng Club: Meeting of'the Riding Club, Thursday; April 3, room 236 in the Union. Permission for Gymkhana has been granted. Orders for keys will be taken. —GRAHAM
Agriculturist: Meeting of electoral board originally scheduled has been postponed. .New date announced later. —ADAMS.
Glider club: Meeting Thursday, April 3, at 7 p. m. in room 306 of the Union. Bring pictures and extra, articles from trip. —KANE.
Union Show: All members of Harem Scarem dance chorus, who had formals cleaned and have not received them, please call for them in the Union' office tomorrow. —KERN.
, Alpha Phi Omega: Formal pledging Thursday, April 3, in room 261 of Union at7:80p;m. —SCHNELL
Physical Education, for Women: Classes begin today and all girls who have not reregistered for the spring , term activities must do so at once, ' —HAZELTON,
Ag;i Ed.' Society: Important meeting at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, April 3, in tse Education Building, room 201. Program will he on “Future Farmers” activities. —LOGAN
. Purdue Engineer Sophomores and Juniors; Petitions are due by Monday, April Tr —GALE.
GE 197 Students - first semester: Get your Personal Analysis Reports at the Personnel Office. —JOHNSON
WAA : Basketball call out Thursday, April 3, at 4 p. m. Two practices required for points. —COOPER.
Modern Dance Club; The following people report for Varsity Show practice Wednesday, April 2, and Friday, "April 4, at 4 p. m. as well as Monday, April 7, at 7:i6 ,p.\m,: Anderson, Antenen, Arndt, Barrett; Bnechele, Cleavelin, Heather, Deisch, Gillespie, Lowey, Overly, Newcomb, Percefleld, Stroble, Swppe, Schmeltkopf, Meyers, Serban, Bamsdell, Seull, Wood, Metcher, —KNIGHT
Kappa Delta Pi;; All pledges and actives are requested to be present at the pledge session' in room 106 in the Education building at 4 p. m. Thursday, April 8. —NORQUEST
Classified
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for s^e, rent and repaired. All makes of portable t^ewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies.' Mimeograph and multigraph work. O.- F. Ebershoff, 6W Maiii St. Phone, 2779.
WAA Council: Meeting for new and bid council members at a breakfast Sunday, April 6, at 9. a. m. Meet at gym with 26'c. —PIDGEON
, For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars • for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone. 2407.
Weriey Foundation: Annual election of board . members on Sunday, April 6. Votesmay be cast at any service. —McFADDEN
Month’s California motor trip. Party of four, share expenses. Starting soon. Phone Big Robbie, 45094.
-Lost: Phi Kappa Tau jeweled pin and guard. CaE. Jim Roman, 6088.
GREfirEll SHIRT
"IR Yes sif, he looks better and he saves money because of our "Dated Laundered Shirt" guarantee. His shirts all wear longer, cutting down his bill for new shirts, assuring him of day in and day out fine shirt appearance. GROWN LAUNDRY
Laiihdi^
Phone 4073
Dry Cleaninjji
BrldgeJ^pl^icaiits Bdii^Blanks T(^ay :^rid^e that foT eiiitance into the atmual contract bridge toumament muy^^^lillinit fotm^f iehtry, blahks - at the West desk of the Union befote 4 b’Clock thi^ aftetfidon. The 66 teams that applied before spring, vacation alrea<iy have received their entry blanks in the iiiail. , The first qualifying round of the annual tournament sponsbted by the'Union will be held in the Union Saturday afternoon at one o’clock. This i? the first of the two qualifying rounds. No eliminations will be made until after the second round. Surviving teams will advance to the semi-final play. Successful teams in the semi-finals will compete in the final rounds for the campus championship, d.t.b. ,. Carnival Will Feature
“A penny goes a long way” at WAA’s" annual Penny Carnival which will be held Saturday night from 7:30 to 12 p. m. Members of sororities, wards, and residence halls have wracked their brains this past week trying to think of an idea to win the prize for the most original booth. The admission price for each booth will be one cent. WAA members will put on a program at 8:16 o’clock. This program will include badminton and fencing exhibitions and a clown tumbling act, ^ The Triton club, women’s swimming honorary, under the direction of Miss Russell, will give two per-. fprmances of a water ballet during the’ evening. m.a>f. R. W. Bass Goes To Hawaii; Assigned To Cruiser Duty Ensign Reginald Wilford Bass, University student for three yearSy sailed Monday from San Francisco with the United States Navy. En-
Hunt Addresses Ag Flfleeil GlldeF GKlb ' Education Society Mjembers Make I#
In their first outdoor practice (^ince' the bhd of the indobr season, approximately 60 varsity trackmen held a loosing-up wotkout yesterday afterhoott on the tfack in RossAde Stadium. Coach Phillips and Assistant Cpach Allen ran the squad through a light warm-up drill and then relegated the rest of the session to individual specialties.." ' 11 Weeks Of Action Captain Holderman and the rest of the squad will hold workouts all of this week and the next in preparation for the strenuous continuous 11 weeks of action. Outdoor competition will begin a week from Saturday when the thinlies travel to East Lansing where they open with^the Michigan State Spartans. Last year in a home meet the Boilermakers edged out the Spartans by a nine point margin. ‘ The action for” the next week-end is as yet undecided, with the squ^d either participating in the Kansas Relays or in a triangular home meet/With Wayne and Butler universities. April 26-26 will be the Drake Relays, and the next two weeks in a row will find the Riveter contingent traveling to Ohio State and playing host to Illinois in conference dual meets. State Meet At lU May 16-17 will be the Big Ten - Meet at Minneapolis, the next week» Chicago here, and the next the State Meet at Indiana. The next three meets in June will be intercollegiate and interconference engagements in which only a part of the squad will participate.
Roy H. Hunt, first national vicepresident of the Future Farmers of America, addressed the Agricultural Education Society last night, in the Education building. Hunt discussed the place of a Future Faimers' chapter as an integral part of the Work and program in a department of vocational agriculture. The FFA chapter of the Delphi high school also gave a twenty-min-ute demonstration of parliamentary procedure as part of the evening’s
program, m.l.l.
Ward Baseball All Ward baseball teams will begin play this afternoon on the ten diamonds available. All games today will be practice games i and the regular games will begin later in the week. Any teams not scheduled this afternoon for practice may hold practice sessions on either diamond nine or ten. Today’s practice schedule is as follows: •
Last week fifteen members of the Glider club made their annual expedition to northern Michigan. TPhiff trip to Franl^ort,'Mich,, came a» a culmination of five months of work on the construction of the new tworplace sailplane, built by the club and known^ as the P€rC-3, The single-place sailplane, known as the .“La Paloma” was also taken. This is the first of a series of trips to be taken this year. Tentative plans now include trips to Wichita, Texas; Elmira, New,York; and Joliet, HI., before fall registration. Meanwhile the regular early morning flight training sessions are being resumed at the airport. m.j.f.
Diamond 1. Ward 2. Ward 3. Ward 4. Ward 5. Ward 6. Ward 7. Ward 8. Ward
(Practice) Thursday, April 3
28 vs Ward 16 27 vs Ward 15 26 vs Ward 13 24 vs Word 11 21 vs Ward 10 8 va Word 6 5 vs Word 3 2 vs Ward 1
sign Bass is the son of Rev. and Mrs. Bernard Wi Bass of Indianapolis. j * Bass has been assigned to the U. S. S. Portland at Honolulu. He enlisted in the naval reserve July 6, 1940 and was graduated February 28. m.l.l.
Extf^P^iGiilaif Activities
F or ^ skilful iHaheuyetiag . bn and off thb dance floor, there’s a simple prescription: Wear an Arrow dress shirt. The Lido for tails is smoothly tail6r|d and has a narrow bosom which is moored firmly in place 'with, suspender loops. ,|3.-:' ■ , £<j[uffli;^ ^mart for tiix or siiHimer formal is . the SBoreBAm/ which is tile turii-down collar-attached shirt^ with semi-Soft pfeaited bosom, $3. Both are authentically styled to fit you smartly and comfortably. Fotind Arro’w , Dress ties $1. ^0li^s 35p4 f|a^dk0rcj|lefs 25c, ^ ^ ^ beSt:.friii foifard ; . . ' $31, Go niroyvl * ■;
ARROW SHIRTS
Your Favorite Arrow Shirts 'We Carry,-, ■ j.: / ARR6w mi)iEBWEAR
MAIN
416 MAIN
eitTOM Uifil
|EL A)I IN 41’$ S MAN T EST
riEAT SLA4II
Easy ddes it! . . . The casual, comlbAable stylihg Varsity-Town piiiits into all their ^acks.^ The fellow sirbtehed out above, is wearing “Custom Slack” with its lapped side seams and Ciistoin stitching . . . while the chap helow, has found that “Pleat Slack” does “so much” for his appearance for sport and leisure hours. Come in today, and see what they’re like! : ; ^
up
Narrow Tapered Bottoms Full Thigh and Knees ,.,
MMIMAINSr.
‘» ^Wl)g^^!«tl^wycyutarty^^HWal*c-HWrJ■l»e^lyJ;|«J^
fiaqu k-"Spo)dA
Thursday, April 3, 1941
PwidtiiL £xponajnL
'ik'
E?
Riveters Sharpen Batting Eyes As Opening Home Clash Nears
Baseball practice yesterday afternoon became . largely a “swing session” as Coach Dutch Fehring sought to develop some hitting power among his charges by sending a steady stream of stickers to an improvised plate on Russell Field. On the recent southern trip a deficiency in hitting strength cropped up as the club’s chief weakness and Fehring hopes that by instituting lengthy hitting sessions the squad’s average can be raised several notches.
John Janisc^ Johnny Emmert, Walter Leifheit, Irv Claseman and Don Blanken all took a whirl on the slab as hitters paraded to and from the dish. Blanken looked very loose during his stay, an encouraging sign. Fehring said that on the whole the pitching on the trip was good. Blanken and Leifheit looked especially good in his estimation. Hoffman Improving Big Wes Waterhouse and Bud Fisher unloaded some of the longest blows of the session, although several of the boys were belting the ball amidships consistently. Blanken and Howard Hoffman, another erstwhile eager, also came in for a share of the long drives. Hoffman seems to be improving rapidly as a hitter. He is a candidate for the first base post. As a result of the trip, Forrest McCaffrey, speedy flankman on Mai Elward’s grid machine, has been switched from third base to the initial sack. Chuck Rawles now seems to have the inside track for the hot
the Purdue Exponent Service ~ Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR. HAROLD J RISK , ■4th Gr Main Sts Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 ]9Vz Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Complete "Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• Hardware
• Jewelers
If It's Hardware We Have It Quality Mdse.—-Lower Prices Edgerfon Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver
R. C. EISENBACH Jewder and Optometrist 504 Main St.
B.V.D. SHORTS That are Long on Comfort I 50fi
Guaranteed Washable by 2,000 Leading Laundries
You’ll enjoy the free and easy comfort of our new *B.V.D. Shorts. They feature the patented “All-Ways Stretch” seat— that stretches with you—as supple as your skin. Exclusive new patterns—long wearing fabrics. “Gripper” fasteners— and the careful tailoring that has made B,V.D. famous. Knit yarn pullovers 50c each.
I00N4IN ST.
CUHTHES SHOP INC
Three Hundred Midwestern Coaches To Attend Annual Football Conference
Extensive Week-End Program Features Movies, Lectures, Inter-Squad Game
corner beith, although the issue is not closed. McFerren To Cook A possible second base combination IS Harry McFerren at second and Walt Cook at short. This pair, together with Rawles and McCaffrey, worked out briefly as a unit yesterday. The showing of Mike Byelene was the highlight of the southern trip, according to Fehring. The diminutive speedster starred defensively in the outfield and came up with a potent .348 bating average. This work may earn him the call as starting center fielder when the campaign swings open on April 10. Irish On Deck Notre Dame will be the Riveters’ first opponent here a week from Thursday. On the following Friday and Saturday Western Illinois will furnish the opposition. The^ Saturday game is slated to start at 2 o’clock, the others at 4 o’clock, e.c.y.
Three hundred college and high school football coaches from several mid-western states will come to the campus tomorrow for a two day conference, the tenth annual Purdue Football Clinic. Practical phases of the sport will be emphasized in the sessions, conducted by Boilermaker grid staff members, outstandfng high school coaches, and Frank Leahy, newly appointed Notre Dame athletic director and football coach. Tomorrow morning’^ session will .
Professional, Businessman Golfers Will Attend Annual Clinic Tuesday
open with motion pictures of the Purdue-Iowa game of last fall, followed by a discussion of backfield play by Walter (Pinky) Wilson of Findlay Senior High School, Findlay, Ohio. Timing, weak-side attack, and coaching problenfs will be discussed by Ed Diederich of Indianapolis, Jim Crowe of Huntington, and Wally Fromhart, of, Chicago. Famous Doc Talks Dr. Daniel H. Levinthal, Chicago surgeon, will give an illustrated lecture on the prevention and treatment of joint injuries following the showing of motion pictures of the Chicago Bear-Washington Redskin professional title game which Created so much discussion last fall. Riveter squad members will illustrate points brought up in the days' discussion in an exhibition of field work closing tomorrow’s afternoon sessions. James Kearns, sports writer of the Chicago Daily News, will be the principal speaker at the annual coaches banquet tomorrow evening, with Robert Hinshaw, Rushville, president of the Indiana Coaches Association, presiding as toastmaster. A coaches’ round-table discussion will follow. Closing the morning session on
Saturday will be a special showing of the movie “Sports Parade of 1940.” The clinic will end with a gam^ between two picked Boilermaker elevens at 2 o’clock in the afternoon in which the new rules to be used next fall will be enforced, j.h.a.
Captain Elect
... Gene Adams, a junior mechanical engineer from Evansville, will be at the helm of the 1941-’42 squash contingent. Adams played as a regular during the past season and was one of the squad’s most consistent winner’s, usually playing in the number three spot. He will succeed Jim Mann who was captain during ^he past season and who led the squad as number one man.
Cary Hall Ping-Pong Thursday, April 3
Teams
Team 1 vs Team 7 Team 2 vs Team 3 Team 4 vs Team 9 Team 5 vs Team 15 Team 6 vs Team 11 Team 10 vs Team 13 Team 12 vs Team 14
Place East
North North Northwest Northwest
West West
With a bright array of big names in the professional golf circuit to keep them company, an expected horde of 360 professional golfers and golfing businessmen will arrive Tuesday morning, April 8, for the opening of the second annual golfing clinic. The clinic which was the first of its kind to be held on a university campus proved itself a success in a two-day session held in the spring of last year and this year the program has been enlarged to cover three days. Public Demonstrations Among the bright lights of the winter golf circuit, who will appear at the Clinic, will be Byron Nelson, Tommy Armour, Dick Metz, and Johnny Revolta. This quartet of experts will play an important role in the part of the program which deals with the development of interest in the great national sport through instruction. Public demonstrations will be held on several occasions, the first of which will be in the Fieldhouse on Wednesday night when the four high ranking pros will demonstrate golfing technique with comments by Tom Walsh, president of the National P. G. A. On Thursday afternoon at 3:00 the experts will go outdoors on the turf of Russell Field and exhibit their repertoire of distance driving and controlled iron play. In securing Byron Nelson, the clinic under the leadership of M. L. Clevett, has succeeded in bringing the present leader in the profes-
• •
For quick service . . . for speedy results . . . have your dinner in the COFFEE SHOP. Whether you are looking for new dishes or improved old ones . . . whether you are looking for a complete meal or a snack between classes, dropjn the COFFEE SHOP and you will be sure to find the answer to all of your problems. Quick service, good food, pleasant surroundings and moderate price are the outstanding features of the QOFFEE SHOP.
THE COFFEE SHOP
In the North Hall of, First Floor
J/UL fiWidjusL ^ythufufuoL Union. Corner of Campus Yet the Center of Activities
sional ranks to the campus. Nelson, who won the P. G. A. title in 1940, is at the present time preparing for an attempt to win back the Augusta Masters Tournament crown which he held in 1987. The tournament which is opening today will also attract the clinic’s other three experts: Armour, Metz, and Revolta. In the past three winters, Nelson has consistently maintained a high standing in the list of top money winners in the gruelling five months of tournaments that feature the winter circuit which ranges from Florida and the Bahamas to sunny California. Tommy Armour, the famous “Silver Scot” of the golfing world, ,is a veteran with many years of tournament play behind him and he is still going strong and is always a threat to the younger pros such as Ben Hogan, Sam Snead and others. Armour is perhaps best known for his amazing shot control with his irons and he will be on hand at the clinic to show the secret behind this skill. Nelson To Attend Dick Metz and Johnny Revolta are two of the best known professionals that are active in tournament play. Revolta, the pro at the Evanston Country Club, is a former P. G. A. tournament winner and a high money winner every season. Dick Metz was runner-up in the Na- ' tional Open at Denver in 1939 and - his consistent play has kept him a leader in all of the nation’s leading tournaments. As a special attraction to students, on Wednesday night during the course of the demonstration by Nelson and the other professionals, anyone who brings a golf club with him will receive instruction by one of the experts. Only a passport is required for admittance to the Fieldhouse show. j.d.f.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
With the student body and a few faculty members responding admirably, our little poll for an all-state high school team is moving along with great momentum. Voting reached the 100 vote stage last night when the century ballot was counted for one Mangin lad of Washington’s state champs, and also the great (but age ineligible) Campbell of Kokomo. As they read today: Forwards: Mangin, Washington, 100; Campbell, Kokomo, 100; Butler, Decatur Central, 45; McKinney, Lynville, 39; Jones, Twelve Mile, 30; Koontz, Newcastle, 28; Horn, Peru, 26; Shriner, West Lafayette, 25. Centers: Hoehamjtner, Bryant, 80; Ertel, Elwood, 76; Williams, Colfax, 60; Minor, Froebel, 58; Martens, Central of South Bend, 40. Guards: Rowland, Martinsville, 69; Ulm, Jefferson (Lafayette), 58; Blemker, Huntingburg, 40; Grimes, Burris (Muncie), 40; Server, Madison, 39; Hedges, Crawfordsville, 28; Turner, Anderson, 23. —I-I— This evening at 7:30 in the Union, P men will meet to elect officers for next year. Ted Axton, pi’esent president requests 100 per cent attendance.
Dr. J. R, Leevy
... of the division of education and applied psychology addressed the liarents’ club of the I^ontmorenci High School on the subject: “Modern Parents df Modern Childj’en” last Tuesday evening.