Purdue
Z-ISS
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 88
Thuzscicqr. JcmtHny 11. 1940
Farm Conference Enrollment Mounts To 4,500
P-Men Nominate 13 Freeman Will Preside At
Ag Grad Banquet Today
Kolkmeier Wins Corn Crown
Kinnett Named Reserve Champ;
University Receives
Blackwell Tops In Yellow Corn portrait WR. 4. Ciaig
Ralph Kolkmeier, of Waldron, yesterday was crowned Indiana Com King after the judges in the annual Indiana State Com and Small Grain show, held in conjunction with the University agriculture conference, awarded his ten ear sample of Johnson County White com the grand sweepstakes ribbon. The 38 year old Shelby County •
farmer has been a consistent ex"hibitor in state corn shows since 1920 and previously won the grand sweepstakes in 1934 and the white corn sweepstakes last year. Kolkmeier's championship sample was selected from two fields of white corn, totaling about 30 acres, which yielded an average of 70 bushels per acre. The corn was grown on a black ground and clay loam with a medium application of fertilizer
and no special treatment.
Russell E. Kinnett, of Milroy, Rush County, was awarded reserve sweepstakes top honors on his sample of hybrid corn, Indiana 829C; Kenneth Blackwell, of Franklin, Johnson County, won the yellow corn championship with his entry
of Reid Yellow Dent.
Sectional sweepstakes championships in other divisions were awarded to Charles J. Ternet, New Haven; Robert Curry, Tipton; J. I. Spaugh, Hope; and Clerk Dellinger, Jeffersonville. Ternet, Curry, and Spaugh all won on Reid Yellow Dent, and Dellinger, the state Fiveacre corn champion, exhibited Johnson County white. Walter J. Harpel, Crawfordsville, and Robert Curry won first and second honors respectively in the single ear class. Both exhibited Reid Yellow Dent. In the mid-season corn class, sweepstakes honors were won by John W. Kerlin, Rockfield, with an entry of Golden Glow, and Newton Halterman, Rushville, who exhibited an entry of Wf9xHy vaiiety. Reserve sweepstakes honors in the mid-season class went to T. C. Davis, Green Fork, who entered an exhibit of Trx38-ll variety. Roy E. Snoeberger, Rockfield, placed first place on both wheat and oats exhibits in the small grains sRow. Earl N. Foster, Tipton, won on alfalfa, and Charles Withrow, Romney, on Korean Lespedeza. The Biddle Farm’s entry of Kingwa variety soybeans won the sweepstakes in that division, while reserve honors went to Richard Lee, Remington, with an entry of Richland variety. Gerald Foster, Sharpsville, took top honors on red clover. Discussion Groups Hold Final Preiiminary Meet Completing the first round of the campus discussion groups, the second and final meeting of the Mohlman discussion tournament was held last night at various fraternity houses over the campus. This first round consisted of the problem of propaganda and the means of combating it. ^ Of the 93 contestants who met at ten different fratenity houses in groups of nine, eliminations will be made for the final round scheduled to start next semester. Lucy Demorat and Ralph Hultgren, members of the forensic board, are in charge of the tournament.
Annual Road Show Enrollment Likely To Reach New High Virtually all phases of highway construction and maintenance, with particular emphasis on secondary type roads, will be discussed in detail by outstanding authorities at the twenty-sixth annual Road School to be held here at the University from January 22 to 26. In view of last year’s record-breaking attendance of 1,097, an enrollment of well over 1,000 city, county, and state highwaymen, along with equipment manufacturers, is ex-
pected.
Supplementing the series of technical addresses and practical demonstrations, one of the highlights of the week will be the Road Show proper, sponsored by the Highway Materials and Equipment Association, which ranks second only to the National Road Show as an exhibit of highway materials and equipment. The Road ^ow will be open to the general public as well as the School attendants from Tuesday afternoon through Thursday
morning
General Program As far as the Road School program in general is concerned, general sessions are scheduled for Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday afternoons and Wednesday morning, while on Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday mornings there will be separate group sessions for county surveyors, county road supervisors, state maintenance men, and state construction men. Separate sessions for both county commissioners and city officials are scheduled for Thursday morning, while county and city offiicials will hold a joint session on Friday morning. Dr. Smith Will Show New Disease Movies Special films on “Management of Pneumonia,” “Allergy,” and “Scarlet Fever” will be shown Monday at 5:/l6 p. m. on January 16, in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. F. E. Smith, of the Lederle Laboratories, will be present to answer questions on the subjects covered by the motion pictures. Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health said last night concerning the films, “I consider this an unusual opportunity for any'student or staff member to make themselves acquainted with the latest information and treatment regarding these diseases.”
President Elliott, L. E. Hoffman, and L. M. Busche, associate county agent leaders, attended the unveiling of a portrait of the late Dr. R. A. Craig, veterinary at the University, in Indianapolis last night. The portrait of Craig, who died several months ago from injuries when struck by a motorcycle, was presented to the University by the Indiana Veterinary Medical Association of which Hoffman is chief and Busche is secretary. It will be exhibited this noon at the Ag alumni luncheon in the Agricultural Engineering building and then hung permanently in the hall of fame in the agricultural building.
As Beauty Contest Queen Candidates By a ticket-stub ballot couples attending the annual P-Men’s Blanket Hop in the Union ballroom Saturday nihgt will elect the king and queen of the evening. Thirteen co-eds were nominated by the dance committee yesterday afternoon. Those selected were: Wilma Bear, Erma ^erry, Peggy Davis, Vivian Dickerson, Jane Haltom, Jeannette Haynes, Francis Lloyd, Vivian Paterson, Mary Petticrew, Louise Schickler, Georgeann Schilling, Carolyn Scott, and Marjorie Stocker, The king-for-an-evening, elected from the senior P-Men, will be crowned during the intermission by football captain-elect Dave Rankin. The balloting will be done between 9 and 10 o’clock. The committee stresses the informality of the" dance, requesting that students come directly from the Wisconsin basketball game as
they are.
Wiley Heads Rural Show At Jeff Gym Tomorrow Twenty-four curtain, school, and group acts representing all sections of Indiana, have been entered in the state Rural Entertainment Festival, which will be held tonight at 7:30 o’clock, in the Jefferson high school gymnasium. Professor J. R. Wiley is in charge of the evening’s entertainment. Several thousand persons are ex-
pected to witness the show. Entries for the group and curtain acts were selected from the best presented at nine district entertainment festivals held during the past two months over the state. These district events were attended by over 7,000 persons. 790 individuals took part in the programs. Preliminaries were held this morning, starting at 10 o’clock at Jefferson high school. There Were nine group acts, six school acts, and nine curtain acts taking part in the pieliminary program. Cosmetic Expert, Former Beauty Queen To Discuss Make-up At YWCA Meeting “Let Make-up Make You Over” will be the topic under discussion by Ruth Ezra Gingrich, former Loeb & Hene cosmetics expert, at tlfe YWCA open meeting in the Women’s Lounge of the Union at 4 o’clock today. Mrs. Gingrich will select three distinctly different types of girls from the audience and demonstrate the correct application of cosmetics for those types. Mrs. Gingrich, the former Ruth Ezra, attended Purdue for two years and was a beauty queen in 1936, her freshman year. For five years prior to her attendance at the University, she worked at Loeb’s in the make-up department. She has worked there intermittantly since leaving the University. All co-eds are urged to attend this discussion, a subject interesting to all. Catherine Cooley, president of YWCA, is in charge of the meeting.
Dr. C. F. Harding Arl By Ft. Wayne Students
1500 Hear Chorus In Music Festival Last Night In Gym An enthusiastic audience, 1500 strong, heard the Indiana Music Festival, part of the Agricultural conference program, last night. The combined county home economics choruses of Indiana were the fea-tui-ed singers on the program which was held in Jefferson high school gymnasium. Composed of almost 1500 women, the combined chorus presented a spectacle impressive to both thb eye and ear as they sang a program of ten numbers. A1 Stewart, University choral director, led the singing. The cborus was accompanied in some numbers by the University orchestra under the direction of Joseph Ragains. Selections by the orchestra also preceded the program. Attendance Cup Presented After the first group of selections by the combined chorus, the Tippecanoe County Attendance Cup was presented to a representative of the Wells County group who won the award for the second consecutive year. Mrs. J. C. Ralston, president of the Tippec&noe County Chorus presented the cup. The third and fourth groups by the combined chorus were separated by a group of numbers by the University glee club also under the direction of A1 Stewart. Between groups, Stewart introduced various visiting celebrities in the audience. Among these was Mrs. H. V. Ober, or Noi’folk, Virginia, president of the National Federation of Music Clubs.
John Slrohm
. . . Indiana Field Editor for Prairie Farmer, will speak to members of the Agriculturist staff and all other students interested in agricultural journalism at a meetingin room C of the Union at 4 o’clock, today. Strohm has written for several farm magazines and is well known by students and agricultural faculty members here.
. . . head of the school of Electrical Engineering, spoke on “Industrial Research and Engineering” before the Industrial Club of Elk-^ hart Tuesday evening. He outlined the various research projects that have been carried on for many years by the Electrical Division of the Engineering Experiment Station and the Purdue Research Foundation, and emphasized their practical importance to industry and to public utilities.
On Display In HE Building George J. Thormyer
An exhibition of student work from the Ft. Wayne Art School at Ft. Wayne is now on display in the Home Economics building, featuring work done in a variety of mediums suitable for commercial reproduction. The exhibit will continue through January, and is open to all those interested in seeing it.
Assistant Dean
Unofficial calculations of yesterday’s attendance boosted the registration to approximately *4,500 with almost that many more expected to register in the last three days of the thirtyseventh annual Agricultural Conference. Banquets, breed association meetings, lectures, and prominent speakers combined with the large number of farm people are making this one of the most successful Ag conferences ever held since the time of its organization 37 years ago by Dean Emeritus Skinner.
TodUy’s prOgrUm COUSistS of 0116 of the most entertaining of the entire meeting. Highlighting the day will be the Annual Ag Alumni Dinner in the new Agricultural Engineering building at 11:45. After feasting on sausage from the Grand Champion Barrow of the recent International in Chicago, the 550 dinners will honor its owner, Roger
Amsler of Rensselaer.
Freeman Presides
Associate Dean of Agriculture V. C. Freeman vnll be the presiding officer as he holds the position of president of the Purdue Ag Alumni Association. Principal speaker for the occasion will be President Elliott. Honoring the late Dr. R. A. Craig, former head of the University veterinary department, will be a portrait presented by Dr. Axby, state veterinarian, to the Universii^, and it will be accepted by Dean
Harry J. Reed.
Twenty-three Ag alumni will be presented with “Distinguished Purdue 4-S Certificates” which is an honor made to outstanding men in the field of agriculture each year. Expected )to attend this banquet are such prominent men as LieutenantGovernor Henry F. Schricker; David Ross, president of the' board of trustees of Purdue; Dean Skinner; Noble Kizer, University athletic director; Ward Lambert, basketball coach; Mai Elward, football coach; Eth Baugh, secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association; Palmer Edgei-ton, and Paul Sturm. Special music will be furnished by a comet trio from the University Band, and a vocal quartet of Ag
people.
. . . V. C. Freeman, of the School of Agriculthre, will preside at today’s Ag alumni dinner in the Union
ballroom.
Third Foresters' Ball Features Famous Brigode Virginians Ace Brigode and his famous Virginians will be featured at the third annual Foresters’ Ball, this Friday evening. Ace has appeared in many of the better known amusement centers and is featured at present regularly on NBC from Chicago’s Merry Garden, Brigode has made his fascinating musical style a by-word as an innovation in musical entertainment. His unique “Talkie” song titles are an attraction in itself. Featured vdth Ace Brigode and his Virginians is Ruth Hunt, girl vocalist, called “Queen of Song.” Other artists featured are Buddy Curran, male vocalist, and William Dingle who holds the center of the stage durjng the novelty numbers. The dance this year will be in the nature of an informal ball. Coeds desiring to wear long dresses, however, may do so. The price of admission is only one dollar per
couple.
ASME To View Movies On Copper Production “Copper, From Mine to Market,” a narrated motion picture, will be shown at the meeting of ASME tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering building. The film was created and will be presented by Phelps Dodge Copper Products Corporation. Showing the complete process from extraction from mines in Arizona and other western states through the refiining and manufacturing processes of the copper, the film has been highly praised by industrial engineers and educators throughout the country.
Confusion Reigns As Ag Meeting Jams Union From Stem To Stern
. . . CE ’27, assistant engineer of the Ohio State Highway Department, is the author of a three page illustrated article in the January 4th issue of the Engineerinjg News Record. The article discusses the return of the monolithic type of brick paevment construction on a test section on U. S. Route 30 in Stark county, Ohio.
By Gordon Fletcher When you enter the great hall of the Union and the constitution and the World War honor list don’t immediately stare you in the face across a practically empty hall, you know that something unusual is going on in the University. Especially is this true when signs such as “Subscribe to the Agriculturist” and “Founders banquet will be held in room 363” meet your eye through a crowd of people you’ve never seen before. Take time out t9day on your way to the Sweet Shop to get upstairs and see cohditions as they really are. Read About It Then take yom- Exponent from the past three of four days, fold them with the front page out (so “B & B” and “Incidentally” don’t appear on top), and read about the Agricultui'al Conference. It’s some-
thing that has been happening annually here since 1902. More outsiders come to the University j for this event than any other. * jRight now the campus population has been increased by four or five thousand farmei's from 88 Indiana counties and neighboring states. Illinois, Maryland, Ohio, the District of Columbia, and Ontario, Canada, are represented. Union phones are perpetually busy, and to eat in the Union you have to time your entrance to the split second. Lots of Food Some twenty odd banquets have been scheduled for this week hn various parts of the campus, officials in the Ag school can never be reached, and the check rooms are doing a land-office business. It’s quite an event for conference attendants.if
THE PDRDUE EXPONENT
Thursday. January 11, 1940
Jimsdi^ JaUc Purdue And The Farm When Purdue university speaks to the farmer through President E. C. Elliott, it is fortunate for agriculture and for the country generally that Purdue should speak plainly, sensibly, soundly and in timely words of warning. President Elliott is quoted as saying-‘,‘Not soil erosion, but the erosion of the human spirit is the great menace to the ‘American way of life’ on the American farm.” We do not think the truth could be put more eifectively. Assuming for Purdue university that honest leadership in agriculture and in farm education which the university traditionally has the right to assume. President Elliott properly calls for a “disinterested appraisal” of various pretentious panaceas and political stopgaps with which the farm industry has been experimenting in recent years. Said Dr. Elliott: “The complicated and ever-changing system of agricultural subsidies, by whatever name known—^farm credit, parity payments, soil conservation benefits—^appears to have reached a stage when the leadership, as well as the rank and file of agriculture, may well pause and make a disinterested appraisal of the long past, immediate present and the pressiii'g future. “After all, agricultural economy, granting its dominating importance, is but a part of the larger national economy. Up to the present moment, I have believed in the parity principle and in the soil conservation program. Yet I am unable to rid my old-fashioned thinking from the notion that any permanent national program of planning and conservation must include plans for financial solvency along with fertile soil.” “Above all things,” he concluded, “it is certain that no lasting bulwark for the protection of national agricultural living can be constructed from the sandbags of national debt.” Dr. Elliott speaks the sort of doctrine that should come from such an institution of practical learning as Purdue university. Farmers will be glad to get that sort of reassurance. Farm agents and extension workers directly and indirectly connected with Purdue will do well to adapt themselves to a changing situation. A “disinterested appraisal” free from politics, is definitely indicated. Purdue university stands forth bravely as a leader in a great industry, again proving her integrity, sanity and dependability.—Lafayette Journal-Cour-ier..
Purdue Exponent Entered as second class iiadUer at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail sub. scription $8.60. Editorial Board
R E. Insley" . W. E. Smith — D. G. Terrio . — G. W. Frederick E. M. Antonini — G. Schilling R. Jenkins
, JESditor-in-Chlef Business Manager Editorial Director . ... Managing Editor -Senior Advertising Manager Co-ed Editor Sports Editor
Editorial R. P. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. K. Heiple J. H. McKee M L. Miers J. C. Willaey
Junior Staff Business R. Fisher R. HaU A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox. Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Burtsfield G. CarroU B. Sinapson
D. J. Henninger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BV Natioaal Advertising Servi^ Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. Chicago ■ Boston • Los Angeles ■ San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—McKee Issue Editor—Traugott Thursday, January 11,1949
—\ ' — But Inddentaliy— If any of you have been wondering just how Bonnie Baker manages to sing as suggestive as she does, we think we have the explanation for you. The other afternoon we were listening to her sing “Oh Johnny” on a recording played by WGN. Immediately afterwards the announcer remarked, “Well, folks, Johnny must have used Andy Lot*shaw ALL-PURPOSE Body Rub.” * * (Eds. Note: The capitals are ours.) * * s): One more problem which may bother some of the
seniors is this business of sending out their filthy cords to be rehabilitated and getting them back a brilliant yellow. Well it seems that they are dyed. The whole thing came to a head a little while ago when a friend of ours sent out a pair of grey cords to be cleaned. They were really grey cords, but the cleaners evidently thought that they were just thoroughly dirty, because they were returned a beautiful canary yellow, patches and all. ■j A thing we’ve been meaning to get off our chest, such at it is, for some time is a word of warning to you coke drinkers. You see we had a sister who went to Stephens, and while she was there they told her a very interesting thing which we have believed but Ignored ever since. It seems that a piece of raw beefsteak was placed in a container of coke syrup and left for a few day8. At the end of the test period all that was left were a few unidentifiable shreds of something. !)! * * The moral being, we supose, “After drinking cokes, don’t eat beefsteak.” ❖ * All of this liquor talk reminds us of the morning we were sitting in Bartlett’s having one of these aforementioned cokes. A man came in and asked the clerk if Bartlett’s had any icebags. The clerk had some, showed off his wares, and the man in question selected a pretty red one. The clerk started to wrap it up, but our hero stopped him. He said he just wanted it filled. There was no argument to be had. The icebag was then filled with ice, the bag was paid for, and the man wandered out, complete with bag, ice, and hangover, * 1= * The kind of a hangover you read about. The kind when a little kitten sneaks into your bedroom, you roll over, glare at the little guy, and yell in your torment, “For God’s SAKE cat, quit stomping your feet!!!”
Corn In Spotlight At Third Session Of Ag Conference An estimated 4500 farmers, replesenting some 60 counties throughout the state of Indiana, joined hands with the University agricultural specialists and the United States Bureau of Agriculture yesterday in an effort towards better farm planning and greater efficiency in Indiana Agriculture. Lasting throughout the entire day, the first session of the conference was split up into several sectional conferences to study the problems of different crops, credit and legalities of farm management, and animal diseases. Corn croppers easily took the center of the stage for the day at the annual meeting of the Indiana Corn Growers association, where announcement of the winners of the annual corn and small gram show were announced late in the afternoon. In speaking befoie the corn growers yesterday morning, S. R. Miles of the University agiicultural expel iment station, reported that after testing more than 200 dent com hybrids and open pollinated varieties at 21 well-distributed stations thioughout the state, hybrids proved to be much superior to the well adapted open pollinated varieties. General Session Speaking before a general session
symposium on the Indiana land-use planing program during the afternoon period, Carroll Bottum of the University farm management department, pointed out that comprehensive land-use maps have been completed, or are well under way in all of the 60 cooperating counties and each map, together with descriptive material supplied by farmers who have volunteered their services, seiwes as a recommendation for the proper use of their land. Dr. Arthur Mauch, of the U. S. Buieau of Agriculture Economics, in discussing the credit and legal problems at the farm management sectional meeting pointed out that the total net cost of short term production credit used by Indiana farmers varies widely among diffeient aieas and among different types of credit. He further stated that the rates on borrowed money IS sometimes nearly doubled by having the note discounted at the given rate at the time when the loan is obtained. Good Farm Principals Five principals of good farm organization which has increased the eainings on many well operated faims in this state were listed by F. V. Smith, of the Purdue farm management department as follows: first, a volume of business that IS laige enough to provide an income after necessary opeiating expenses have been paid; second, a cropping piogiam adapted to the physical resouices of the land; thud, a livestock program adapted to the ciopping program; fourth, diveisity of enterpiises of the balance between crop and livestock
production enables the effiicient use of labor and equipment and helps to insure profits over a period of years; fifth, labor, power, and farm equipment must be used economically if low production costs are to be had. Floyd C. Berkey . . . ’03, died suddenly of a heart attack at his home in Twinsburg, Ohio, Tuesday. Since his graduation he had been in the employ of the Pennsylvania Railroad, and at the time of his death was in charge of the engineering corps.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
— AND — GORDON OLIVER JUNE TRAVIS — IN — ‘MARINES ARE HERE" — ALSO —
Phi Kappa
. . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: G. G. Grosh, Fort Wayne, president; H. 0. Monson, River Forest, 111., vice-president; F. R. Pielsticker, Indianapolis, secretary; W. S. Baker, Akron, Ohio, treasurer; and N. J. O’Malley, Huntington, rush chairman.
Enroll in our Adulf Advanced Class TO-NIGllT 7:00 P. M. CHILDREN'S CLASSES BALLET TAP BALLROOM SATURDAY, JAN. 13fh ALLEN’S 6tli and Feny
kiAid
NOW SHOWING
LOOK WHAT’S OOING ON! The eld Professor’smadeamovie —and how you’ll love HI WHEEI
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Just when our life as a B&B editor was becoming a bore. Doc Miller (the man who hooks fish to save them from catching their death of cold) dropped in the office and brightened our life by expounding on the merits of marriage. —B & B— Some interesting facts that Doc left with us are that he approves whole heartedly of marriage (we believe that he might just be rationalizing). Our doctor friend also stated that 99 out of every 100 girls come to Purdue to find a husband . . . and he believes, in fact recommends, a marriage in every family. —B & B— The Bootnose Says . . . . . . that the Alpha Chis are slipping . . . they haven’t gotten a Beta pin in weeks. . . . Johnny “Reb” Layson is happy once again because he has discovered the existence of Ann “Honey Chile” Beard. Johnny says, “I’ve been hunting a Southern Babe like her for three years and at last I’ve found her . . . well, “Reb,” we hope that it will do you some good. She isn’t a Georgia Peach. —B & B— WARNING to T-BERRY: Permiscuous osculation breeds mjdtes ... if you don’t get it Treva aflRhe girl who was out with the little man that wasn’t there, —B & B— Marge Baumgart has us worried by her sustained absence from the card room. If she doesn’t come around pretty soon we will think that she has become a student. —B & B— Deffy-nition: Imaginary number — the thing that’s on the license plate of the car that belongs to the little man who wasn’t there . . . let’s hope that this will end further jokes along this line. PLEASE!
"If I quit now I'll have wasted two years—but that's better than graduating and wasting four years!'' H. Weichsel To Speak Pesf Exterminators On Electrical Surges To Meet For Annual Tonight In EE Building Conference Monday
H. M. Weichsel, consulting engineer of the Wagner Electric Company of St. Louis, will speak on “Electrical Surges and Their Effects on Transformers” tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room 254 of the EE building. The lecture is sponsored by the AIEE of which Weichsel is a member. Power utility engineers and anyone else interested are invited to attend. Mr. Weichsel is the author of many articles dealing with all phases of electrical engineering and IS holder of many patents pertaining to power transmission and distribution applications. He will have over a thousand pounds of equipment with him to demonstrate his lecture points.
Subscribe To The JExponent — TODAY - FRI. - SAT. -
Meeting for their fourth annual conference, pest control operators and exterminators will convene at the University next Monday through Friday, according to J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, who is in charge. The conference will include discussions of the fundamentals of insect life which are the basis of control operations, new developments in insecticides and fumigants, and specific pest problems, including ants, cockroaches, termites, clothes moths, carpet beetles, beetles attracting structural timbers, rats, and mice.
to exct^
TWO FIRST RUN HITS
with Preston FOSTER Ann DVORAK PLUS-—2ND FEATURE Roarin' Rampage of Rhythm
lammu Starts TODAY
HORROR! BLOOD PURGES THAT MAKE MODERN DICTATORS LOOK LIKE SISSIES!
^^ERof LOHDON BIVSll RWHBOME BOWS unoff BARBMtA Vu HUNJW vmCtMT PRICE mu GRtV
--ifm
tl ^
I' )<
Thursday, January 11, 1940
£xpmumL fiaqsL
3 %
Kirer Faced With Delicate Problem; Grid Foe Needed Now that Bobby Hutchins, the leader of that “Simon Pure” institution at Chicago’s Midway has dropped the grand old fall recreation known as fobtball, Chicago’s leading universities, Loyola, DePaul, and Chicago, are now free from that horrible game that causes universities to “be crooks.”
It was an easy matter for little
Bobbie to say, “Boys, we’ve had enough of this hog rassle, we’ll play no more with these criminals.” Little did he think, or else he didn’t care about the schedules of eight other similar institutions, schedules that would be put into a precarious situation due to the loss of filthy lucre and open dates. Schedules Made Easily? Football games aren’t just scheduled as they were ten years ago, when coaches got together during the summer and preceding spring to agree on games for the approaching fall. Games are now scheduled as far ahead as five years. True last minute games can be procurred with teams—^but what kind of
teams. Sure, Purdue, Ohio State and Michigan could arrange a Saturday tussle with Earlham, State Teachers, and Twelve Mile, and maybe some Southeastern or Southwestern clubs that would be impressive—but that isn’t the point. These three teams want a chance to win, share, or finish well up in conference standings. Athletic Director Noble E. Kizer, whose ticklish job is to remedy the “open date” disease, is trying to renew relations with Michigan, a team that Purdue has not played since 1930. Michigan won that game 14-13, a game the Boilermakers lost" at Ann Arbor after leading the Wolves.
Now you can gel Lucien Lelong’s T^jisetet* Jl. COLOGNE for *2
We forewarn you —it’a slightly intoncatingl That heady, lilting fragrance in Indiscret Cologne is famous.
^2
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Extra
Phone 6437
SALE OF SUITS — 3 DAYS ONLY— THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY Special Groups 120 SUITS S'! 0.85
These Suits have been grouped as follows; 15 from our regular $21.50 range
14 from our regular 30 from our regular 15 from our regular 18 from our regular 18 from our regular 10 from our regular
22.50 range 25.00 range 27.50 range 30.00 range 32.50 range 35.00 range
iVo Charge for Regular Alterations
The winter archery range in the basement of the Fieldhouse opened yesterday and is now available to anyone interested in the sport. Prom Monday through Friday the shooting will be supervised and new equipment furnished to anyone de-
siring it.
Continuation of the sport in the Fieldhouse during the winter makes this one of Purdue’s year around sports. Practice now will help those who intend to participate in the tournament in the spring. Art Gray, Sci. ’41, is in charge of the range. Gray has had valuable experience in archery in the north woods during the summer months doing archery work with youngsters who attend a boys’ camp in
Wisconsin.
Kizer Takes Lead Although no word has been received officially from the Ann Arbor stronghold, it is certain that the Michigan officials will appreciate Mr. Kizer’s initiative, because they, too, want to be called Big Ten masters, especially after their disappointing finish this season after a whirl-wind start that looked like sure national champion stuff. Tommy Harmon, Michigan’s great back, will be back next season, and so will a lot of last season’s Michigan greats that folded up like an accordian late in the season. Vols Get Rejected Michigan’s stand on the proposed “feeler” by Director Kizer is not revealed as yet, but the Wolverine officials told a “feeler” from Tennessee, about a week ago, that it could just keep on “feelin”’—^but not at Michigan. Professor Ralph W. Aigler, member of the Michigan athletic board, is reported to have stated, “We would like to have our competition with conference opponents whenever possible.” Conference Rule There’s possibilitie*! there! Purdue’s open date is Oct. 19, while Michigan’s vacancy is Nov. 2. There’s a conference rule that reads “a conference school to gain recognition as title holder must play at least five conference opponents.” It’s going to take more shuffling that a house man at the Waldorf can do to straighten this “open date” affair out, so about all we can do to help is wish our Mr. Kizer our condolences.
Purdue Swimming Team To Play Host To Conference Foe An old established coach and a new coach send their teams against each others in the Purdue pool Saturday afternoon at 2:30 o’clock when ^Northwestern meets the Boilermakers in the opening coherence engagement of the season for both teams. Coach Tom Robinson, dean of all Big Ten athletic coaches, will be launching his thirty-first season as Wildcat mentor, while Dick Papenguth, who developed a number of national champions at the Indianapolis A. C. before assuming hiS new post at Purdue, will be starting his first season in conference competition. Robinson A Fixture Robinson i^ the first and only swimming coach Northwestern ever had. He joined the Wildcat staff in 1909 when the university received the gift of a gymnasium from James Patten. Previous to that time Robinson had been swimming instructor at the Evanston Y.M.C.A. Over the span of three decides Ten championships and six nationRobinson’s teams have won 10 Big al intercollegiate titles. Nine of his swimmers were members of United States Olympic teams while the record books contain numerous marks set by Northwestern men. Although this year’s team is not of championship caliber, the sandyhaired, vigorous veteran is just as enthusiastic over “my boys” as ever. Robinson is one of the most canny coaches in the business, possessing a genius for detecting promise in a youngster and developing it. 'Dutch' Starts Frosh On Purdue Famed Fast Break Offense With the frosh basketeer unit cut down to a mobile sixteen. Coach “Dutch” Fehring is putting on the heat in whipping the future Boilermaker cagers into shape. The “green potters” are still a long way from being in top physical trim, but under Dutch’s tutelage, are im. proving rapidly. Yesterday’s practice consisted ol
Benna Announces Boxing Show To Be Held Friday Two Boilermaker boxers danced round-and-round themselves upon the boxing plateau' yesterday in the Fieldhouse, doing their daily fisticuff routine under the watchful eyes <rf smiling Joe Benna, sophomore physical education student, who has won about as many honors in Golden Glove competition as any youngster would wish to tell the folks at home about, when suddenly tfoe stopped proceedings to impress upon one of the heavyweights that he must keep his left hand right in front of his face at an angle with the glove doubled up, and not relaxed, as the erroring one had been doing. That’s Joe for ya, always finding faults, tesh.
working on the far-famCd Purdue fast break, and the frosh mefitor started off the afternoon with a skull session around the , blackboard. Then after a demonstration in which freshmen Seaborg, Sumner, Johnson, Duncan and Hoffman raced the ball into offensive territory via the fast break method, the squad broke up into groups. Timing, Passing Demanded Split-second timing and accurate passing demanded by this type of play was shown to be rough in many instances, but the rhinies will have plenty of opportunity to polish the edges off before they are ready to qualify for varsity play. Two of the ’43 boys are temporarily off the active players list with injuries of one sort or another, but all are temporary conditions. Raymond, tall, well-built guard, is off the hardwood on account of a leg injury, while Riley, town boy, is out on a sick charge; Duncan, a guard, is favoring a weak ankle these days, but is regularly showing up for practice. Time Out—Books “Dutch” announced to the rhinies in yesterday’s practice that they would be given a breathing spell between semesters and during the final examination period, but practice is scheduled to start again on the first day of the new session. Squad lockers will be issued to the boys on the last practice day before the boys go home to hit the books, along with freshman jerseys, shorts, and shoes—if needed. Of the sixteen men that survived from the original 100 that reported for freshman basketball, forwards Seaborg, Sumner and Hoffman, guard Duncan, and center Johnson are currently shining brightest out on the frosh hardwood.
ITS NO SECRET
that a classified ad in the' Exponent wiU bring you good results If you want to buy—sell—swap-rent or find something use the classified column in
the Puidue Exponent
Business Phone 5038
Joe’s about the swellest guy to interview that we’ve ever contacted. Always willing to go out of his way to do us a favor, Joe took time out from watching his proteges to tell us about the transition of the Purdue boxing situation. New Suits Heretofore, the Boilermaker leather tossers, have fought in the Lafayette Golden Gloves with no robes, trunks, and accessories, but this year, the Purdue outfit is going to look like a million bucks when it gets between the ropes. They’re going to be decked in new robes and
Allan Dilts
trunks colored with gold and blacki Joe explained that the elimination this year would be the same as the years previous, with the Purdue eliminations taking place this Friday night on the gym floor of the Fieldhouse, students being admitted with their passports for fifteen cents and adults for two-bits. Eight To Continue From these eliminations eight lads will be picked (the winners of course) and six novices to represent the Boilermaker institution at the Lafayette armory in the coming golden gloves tournament that is held during February and March. It has been moved up to February so that students will not be bothered with an outside drawing card during finals. Doubting Joe Although Coach Benna has his doubts about any of his boys finish# mg in the first divisions in the Lafayette show (he’d naturally be doubtful—all good coaches are), he has confidence that the Purdue lads will make an impressive showing for the fans across the river. “Graduation Rule” The new rule has knocked the Purdue champs out of the tourney, the rule of three championships and you are ineligible, but the lads up there last night impressed us as real aggressors, especially Jimmy Beers, a 135 pounder from Hammond, and Jack Threlfall, a veteran from last season’s tourney who lost in the semi-finals in Lafayette. He IS a 126 pound man. Boxing is in an embryo state at Purdue just at piesent, but with such persons as Steve Bacharach, Red Hardstey, Lawrence Lyles, Joe Benna, Allan Dilts, Avery Fultz, and Sock Kurtz to form a historical background of sportsmen along with victory for the Purdue boxing books, we are certain that Joe Benna and his troupe is going to scare some of Lafayette’s pugilists to the ropes more than once in the coming tourney. Joe Was A Sport If Joe’s pupils fight like their teacher, we’re certain they’ll win over any audience. A finer sportsman never netered the ring than Joseph Benna. And he’s got his charges indoctrinated with the same stuff—sportsmanship before victory.■«''»>>^ V w ' a 1? ^ ^ f '■‘rt “ 1.
% I 1 #
THE PUBDUE EXPOMENT
Thtusday. Jonuaiy 11. 1940
Agricultural Alumni Banquet
Classified Ads FOR SALB FOR SALE—Typewriten. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portohle machines as low as $29,76 Supplies G. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main stoeet
FOR RENT QUIET ROOM in new fully insulated house Innerspring mattress continuous hdt water two blocks from Union 806 S Grant
ROOM AND BOARD for two men students $30 00 month Desirable new home continuous hot water inner spring mattresses 806 Vine 76973
RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6pm Minimum $2 00—$2 60 All night
FOE RENT—Extra nice downstairs room, single or double with innerspnng mattr^s Very reasonable 212 Wiggins Ph 46381
Ag alumni meet today in the new Agriculture Engineering building for the annual banquet. Above is a picture of last year’s banquet. Assistant V. C. Freeman will preside over the banquet.
WANTED—Students to work versity St. Apply in person
Deans Will Distribute Michael Hauer Applications For New Marital Course Today
Applications foi the new marital course will be vailable this noon in the offices of Dean Endeis, Dean Fisher, Dean Stiatton, Professor Eastwood, Prctfessoi Hall, Profes SOI Walteis, and Piofessoi Young The applications must be filled out and turned in by 4 p m , Thuis day, Januaiy :|.8 Foity will be chosen foi the couise which will leceive tvo horns ciedit and is open to all seniois legularly en lolled Cl edit foi the couise will count toward giaduation but may not be elected in place of a legulai elective Indiana Home Economics Group Will Convene Today On the fourth consecutive con feience day, the Indiana Home Eco nomics Association will hold its an nual business meeting m the Me morial Gymnasium fiom 8 30 11 00 a m Mrs William Bach, president of the association, will be in charge At the same time a discussion foium on club piogiam making will be held at the Home Economics building The 1940 piesident of the oigan ization will be intioduced at a lunch eon fiom 11 15 1 45 p m in the noith and south balliooms of the Memoiial Building Awaids to 100 pel cent counties and 25 yeai clubs will be made at this time Di Thui man B Rice, Chief of the Bureau of Health and Physical Education, Indiana State Boaid of Health, will address the gioup Thioughout the week the Home Economics Association has present ed a lull and vaiied piogram for the women attending the Annual Agricultuie Confeience Beginning with a gen^ial session at Eliza Fowler Hall last Monday, January 8th, theie followed a succession of lectures, movies, luncheons, and banquets The confeience closes with the President’s address and a tea at the Memoiial Gymnasium be ginning at two o’clock this after noon
will play for the Blanket Hop this coming Saturday night in the Union Ballroom
BASKETBALL Tn6ay Court 1—Jim Kurtz 00—Theta Xi vs Delta Tau Delta 15— Pi Kappa Phi vs Beta Sigma Psi 00—Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 1 16— Cary Hall 5 vs Cary Hall 7 Court 2—M Aronson 00—Delta Chi vs Theta Tau 15— Alpha Tau Omega vs Phi Gamma Delta Court 3—-Jim Welsch 00—Phi Kappa vs Tau Epsilon Phi 00—^Triangle vs Alpha Sigma Phi 16— Phi Kappa Psi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 00—Ward 2 vs Ward 27 ! 15—Delta Upsilon vs Phi Kappa Sigma Court 4—F A Smithson 00—Ward 8 vs Ward 30 15—Acacia vs Alpha Chi Rho i 15—Caiy Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 6 ! 00—Sigma Pi vs Sigma Alpha Mu
I WBAA I II 00—PTA Piogiam 11 30—County Fedeiation of Clubs 11 50—Purdue News Flashes 12 00—DINNERBELL PROGRAM 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time 12 45—Mary Johnston, sopiano 1 00—Monitoi Views the News 1 15—Jimmy Woodiuff, guitai 1 30—Plying Club 1 45—Maiket Repoits 2 00—The Apothecary 2 15—Edward Foley, pianist 2 30—You and Youi Child 2 45—Pleasure Chest 3 00—Symphony Hall 4 00—Kiaft Saxophone Quaitette 4 15—Radio Club 4 45—Story Book Houi
CHANGE OF SCHOOLS Students who expect to change from one school within the Univeisity to another at the end of the present semester are advised to obtain the necessary blanks at once from the Registrar’s office Ralph B Stone, Registrar Men's Bowling Tourney lesumes schedule tonight with the Phi Delt team opposing the Blue Demons at 7 o’clock At the same time Delta Upsilon will compete with the winner of the Sigma Nu Cary Hall-South game, which was played off last night
LOST—Brown and tan overnight bag at station last Wednesday night Call 8413 or 8329 STUDENT ROOM, single beds, no other students 609 Dodge St Phone 8789 MISCELLANEOUS REWARD $4 to return Slide Rule No question asked Cost at W R H W Sun day Phone 3904
WANTED^—Second hand typewriter 3901 after six
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Kappa Key Mary Ruth Craig engraved back Return to Kappa House
Notices No notices will be accepted after 8pm
Camera Club Meeting at 7 30 Thursday January 11 in loom F of the Union will be a swap session —HEDDEN
Entomologists Society Meeting Thurs oday January 11 at 7 30 p m m room 103 of the Agriculture Hall All mem bers urged to attend —FREDRICKSON
Agriculturist Staff John Strohm Indiana Field Editor ^or Prairie Farmer will speak to the staff members today at 4 o clock in room C of the Union Every staff member and worker should plan to attend this meet mg —BURBRINK
Activities Bureau Meeting of the junior and senior officers Thursday January 11 at 5 p m in the office —JORGENSQN
Phi Lambda Upsilon All members who ordered keys can get them fiom Dr Hunt The membership^ertiflcates are also available for new members .—SCHRADER
Lutheran Students There will be a meet ing of the Lutheran Students Association held in the Old Agricultural Office Thurs day January 11 at 7 15 p m All mem bers please be present —HALL
Ag Ed Society Meeting of Thursday January 11 postponed until February 1 —WHITHAM Freshmen Engineers Explanations for
Subscribe for The EXPONENT
Bull Session
Dear Bull Ideal classes oi even a leasonably accurate facsimile of them, are relatively few and far between Certain education mstiutions have recognized this fact and have made an effort to remedy the situation by allowing the students to express their ideas on the subject They have provided students with a standard rating chart so that they may list the good and bad points of each course and offer constructive suggestions The values of this has been appreciated by certain departments of the University and the efforts along this line have been appreciated by the students In view of the value of these sur veys in other schools and on a small scale in vaiious paits of the Univeisity theie can be little doubt that regular University lating scale would be of value to students, faculty, and the University as a whole I T. I, ’41.
Turn Your ASSETS
Into CASH by using the classified columns of the Purdue Exponent. If you wa^t to rent or seU sometiiiing you can do it best thru—
the Purdue Exponent
Business Phone 5038
all absences frqm Engineering Lectures not previously reposed Must be submitted to my office befoire^ Monday, January 16 —KNAPP
Fraternity Presidento’ Council: Regular meeting at 6 p m Thursday, January 11, at the Phi Gamma Delta house —CATTERALL
Exponent Staff Be sure to nave exam schedules in my box by Friday, January 12, at 4 p m. —FRESD Mortar Board: There wtU be a aaaattng Sunday at 6 80 p m in t^C^Oj^ut
Room
Distinguished Howitzer Squad: All Juniors who signed up for this competition read notice posted on bulletin board in Armory (1-18) —FAULCONER Dolphin Club Important meeting at pool immediately after swimming meet Saturday, January 18 —GHARRIS
Wesley Foundation. Roller skating party, Saturday night, January 18, after the basketball game Sign up at the Foundation Tickets are 26c —HONNE.
Freshmen Engineers Ebqilanationa for absences from engineering lectures not previously reported must be submitted to my office not/later than Saturday, January 13 —KNAPP.
Freshman Squash Men: Meeting Thursday, January 11, at 7 p m in room 106 in the Fieldhouse —KNOLL
Camera Club There will be a meeting in room F of the Union at 7 89 p. m Thursday Program to be a swap-sesaion Rnng articles to trade or sell —HEDDEN
P-Men Please get tickets from me immediately to sell for Blanket Hop this Saturday Every P-Man should be seUmg these tickets Call at the Alpha Cha Rho house (1-18) —GAULKB
Cosmopolitan Club* Informal meeting of all Cosmo members at 4 89 p m. Rriday, January 12, in Agriculturist Office of Union National Convention report by Mr Cerda Free cokes afterwards. " —SHICKEL
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine W Lafayette Phone 4965 • Dine COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Mam St 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St
JPUL SMARTER SHIRTS ARE "DATED LAUNDERED" Feel the tailored perfection of a "Dated Laundered Shirt". No custom shirt maker could shape them better. Supreme laundering care results in our guarantee of a year's wear for shirts dated here when new and laundered exclusively by us. . . . And we are just as careful with all your laundry as we are with "Dated Laundered Shirts" — rain soft water, safe soaps, and repeated rinsings make everything wear longer and look better when sent to us. The Smarter SUITS Are Monite Dry Cleaned They're the suits that are worn by THE SMARTER MEN . . . the men who are going places! Send all your suits here frequently and you'll be sure to look "right" always. INSURED MOTH-PROOFING.
LAUNDRY DRY CLEANING'
(“COPR Maxwell-Davis, Inc