m
PPM
wm
r'%’'oJ? "SSsferf^
i^.'l
AHEHD TONIGHrS PEP SESSION
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana; Fair, continued mild today. Tomorrow, showers, much cooler.
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY November 3,1938 Lafayette, Indiana Vol. 50 No. 44
k «
l^e’re Gonna Win, Boilermakera Say
PSA Will Sponsor Forum In Fowler Hall Tonight
Democrats, Republicans, Communists, and Socialists will have their say tonight at 7:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. A meeting, sponsored by the Purdue Student Alliance will have representatives of the four major parties who will give their party’s viewpoint. The Democratic party will be represented by Prof. C. L. Heyerdahl, of the history and economics department. Charles Robertson, prominent Republican attorney, will represent the Republican party. '
Communist State Secretary Phillip Bart, state secretary of the Indiana Conjmunist party, will present the Communist’s viewpoint; and the Socialist party’s stand will be given by Arthur G. McDowell, National Labor secretary of the Socialistic party. Following these short talks Dean R. G. Dukes, presiding officer, will throw the meeting open to questions and comments from the audience. This IS the first open meeting of the Purdue Student Alliance this year.
PSA Meeting ...
Well Known Author To Speak At First WSGA Conference
Herbeit Agar, economist, historian, Pulitzer Prize winner, and authority on woild affairs, will be the opening speaker of the Conference on Contemporary Culture November 19 evening. His speech on “Ameiicanism and What it Represents” will emphasize American ideals and the meaning of America at its best. “Pursuit of Happiness,” Agar’s most recent book, came out only a few weeks ago. According to the first leviews, this book goes beyond paity history and is almost a history of democracy. It emphasizes economic and moral conditions which are necessary to perfect a populai government. Pultizer Prize Story “The Peoples Choice” which was published in 1933 was a Pulitzer Prize winner, and “Land of the Free” is another in this series of popular volumes. Agar is at present the associate editor of the Louisville C(jjurier-Journal and also editor of “Who Owns America.” Nine other prominent speakers, well known in their respective fields, will also be here for the Conference. The Conference is sponsored by WSGA and is for all women students.
Speaker Arthur McDowell
Womens' Honorary Sends Delegate To National Conference
By M. L. Miers
“We only brought about a quarter of a million dollars worth of equipment,” reported one of the sergeants of the 61st regiment last night. It took 72 trucks to bring six big lights, 32 machine guns, 6 anti-air-craft guns, 4 sound detectors, and the 600 men. Of the 72 trucks the largest have 12 speeds forwaid and two reverse. The vehicles aie of the rugged field type used during the war; the running board alone is two and one-half feet from the giound. Only thiee of the six lights weie lit on Intiamural Field last night. The 60-inch lights have a candlepower of 800,000,000 each. Control Plant Lights are operated from a control plant about 50 feet away. Electricity is produced from a
generator in the back of a truck driven by a power take-off. All lights are electric carbon arc design which require 78 volts and 150 watts to operate. “It IS impossible for a plane to get out of our sight so long as it is in range of our lights. On a clear night it IS possible for us to find a plane as far as 18 miles away, but it isn’t piactical because our guns will not fire accurately that far and it only gives our location away. Since the guns have a maximum lange of about 7 or 8 miles that is the distance we intend to use our lights,” said a sergeant in charge of the lights. Anti-aircraft guns aie used for long distance shooting—a maximum range of about 8 miles vertically (Continued on page 4)
Head CoacJk ITin^arcf...
... said last night, “Ohio State is an exceptionally hard team to get ready for. They have about five offensive formations, and you have to prepare a defense for each one. Some of the boys are injured, and it’s hard to say about them. But the majority of the squad is in good condition. I think we’ll give Ohio State a busy afternoon of football.”
Charlotte Finney, Sci. ’41, represented the local chapter at the annual national conference of Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman women’s honoiaiy, held last week-end at the Univeisity of Michigan. The conference officially began with registration at 1 o’clock on Friday. Dean Leonard, dean of women at the University of Illinois, was principal speaker at the banquet Friday evening. Following the addiess, a model initiation was held in the Chapel in the Women’s League. The business meeting held Saturday morning revised the Constitution and elected national officers. At the closing luncheon on Saturday, Dr. McClusky, of the University of Michigan, was speaker.
Purdue Militaiy Band To Show New Formations At Ohio State Saturday
61st Regiment Camps Here Overnight On Way Home
present its new formations to the Buckeye fans between halves. The first maneuver will be a combination of the three separate bands into a large HI, and then by adding two large O’s at each end spelling out Ohio. The O’s will rotate as the band plays Ohio’s alma mater song. • Shift Into Football The next shift will be into a giant football and a large “P” monogram while the strains of “The Honor of Old Puidue” are being played. “Entree,” Prof. Emiick’s own composition, will be heard as the band forms into one compact body in the middle of the field and then forms the mammoth “P” which rotates to the chorus of “Hail Purdue.” After the game is over the band will be entertained with a banquet m one of the downtown Columbus hotels, before boarding the special train returning that night.
Coulter, Arthur To Receive Tributes
Both Dr. Arthur and Dr. Coulter are former presidents of the Indiana Academy, and they have been associated with the University for many years.
Wisconsin Slate Teachers To Hear Speech By Lawshe
Eli Lilly, who is now president of the academy, is one of the group of prominent Hoosier scientists whose talks and papers will occupy places on the session’s program.
Delegates to the Wisconsin State Teacheis’ Association meeting tomoriow at Milwaukee will hear C. H. Lawshe, assistant in the department of education and applied psychology, when he speaks before the journalism section of that body. His topic will be “Publishing a Successful High School Newspaper.” Lawshe was formerly journalism adviser at Bosse High School, Evansville, and will soon come forth with a new book on high school journalism of which he is co-author.
Soph Women Hear Training Problems
Rooters To Follow Band In Parade To Fieldhouse
L
“We’re going to score on the Buckeyes ancJ break that Ohio State jinx ^We’re gonna WIN,” stated Felix MacMewicz, stellar Boilermaker end, last night concerning the forthcoming weekend event.
Starting in the village at 7:45 tonight, the student body, led by the entire military band, will march by torchlight to the Fieldhouse. From 8 to 9 o’clock, students, led by Junior Cheer Leader Bill Dunshee, will give the team a rougtf idea of what they expect of the boys when they invade the Buckeye capitol —' ' Saturday.
Senior Guard.
Jim Maloney
Joseph Lautner, Harold Triggs To Give Redial Sunday
“Give ’Em Real SendofF’ Carl Swan, Gimlet president, when contacted last night stated, “We should take heed of co-captain Paul Humphrey’s statement m yesterday’s Exponent and give the team a real sendoff to Columbus. Let’s show ’em we want a victory.” Frank C. Hockema, assistant to President Elliott, Pop Doan, athletic ticket manager, Mel Taube, backfield coach for the Boilermakers, and members of the team will speak to the assembled fans. Sponsored by the combined force of Gimlet, Reameis, Skull and Crescent, and Gold Peppers, the supei-pep session is designed to parallel that given to the Iowa Hawkeyes before last Saturday’s game. Bob Jacks, Reamer prexy, quoted, “I’m sure the enthusiasm we show the squad tonight will help to bring a victory to old Purdue.” Mary Cooley, Gold Peppers head, made the statement, “We’ll beat the Buckeyes and show the dopesters up for once.” Any posters, banners, signs, epitaphs, or slogans lyill be in order from campus organizations, both social and honorary.
While the Purdue football squad has been perfecting their formations for this coming week-end’s tilt, the band has also been perfecting some new formations. The entire 130-piece Military Band will board a special train Saturday morning for the Purdue-Ohio State football game Saturday afternoon. The “All-American” band will
Editor’s _ note: This story was the best article written last night by freshmen attending the final class of editorial instruction.
Speakers will pay tribute to accomplishments in the field of science made by Dr. Stanley Coulter and Dr. Joseph C. Arthur in addresses today as a part of the program of the annual Indiana Academy of Science assembling here for its 54th session.
By C. Riegle Harold Triggs and Joseph Lautner, two artists who are fast gaming international acclaim, will appear as soloists Sunday afternoon at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowlei Hall. Triggs, pianist, and Lautner, tenor, will be presented as a regular Music Room program feature. Both Lautner and Triggs are prominent in American music circles and their appearance will represent one of the most ambitious programs yet undertaken by the Music Room committee. Plays with Orchestras A member of the faculty of the Bush Conservatory in Chicago, Harold Triggs has played with the New York I^hilharmonic and Detroit Sjonphony orchestras. He has been soloist on the General Motors and Ford Sunday evening hour broadcasts. Lautner has proved himself a tenor of considerable lyric and dramatic power. He has appeared as tenor soloist with the Boston Symphony orchestra and has given numerous recitals. He is at present head of the Arthur Jordan School of Opera.
Knight Discusses Needs Of Children At Parents' Meeting
“Parents need to come to terms with their own children,” said Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the department of education and applied psychology, yesterday in his address on “The Nature and the Needs of Childhood.” He spoke to the Parents’ Institute here which was being sponsored by the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers in co-operation with the University. “Let your children live their own lives,” he urged. “Give them love and understanding but not too much love combined with too little understanding or too much understanding and not enough love.” “Make a home of your own. Do not try to live like the Joneses unless you are the Joneses. In that case, don’t try to live like the Smith family. Be yourself! Don’t put on a face! Let the home be your home.” “The chances are the child raised in such a real family atmosphere will be himself because his home possesses inner freedom of individuality.”
At the second series of meetings of the WSGA sophomore tiaining school held yesteiday afternoon, Betty Jo Sexton, vice-president of the organization, discussed “Orientation Pioblems.”
Riding Club Meets Tonight; To Discuss Constitution
Goff's Band To Play For Saturday Mixer
The meetings are held every Tuesday and Thursday afternoon, and will continue until Christmas vacation. The Thursday group met yesterday in the faculty lounge instead of today as scheduled.
Pm due Riding Club will hold a shoi t business meeting and will discuss its constitution at 7 tonight. Schulze, iiding mastei, will give a short talk and the meeting will be adjourned early so eveiyone may go to the pep session. Paul Cooper, president, announced that all the students interested in riding are invited to attend.
Dancers at the regular Saturday night mixer will swing and sway to popular swing numbers and old favorites as interpreted by Glen Goff’s band, members of which have been recruited largely from the old Pat Clinton band. As a warm-up preliminary to the mixer, Goff will preside at the jitterbug contest to be held from 7;16 to 8:15 in the balhoom.
I£dijtoAial
THE FlHtDTIE EXPONENT
J>siajtjuM&
Thursday, November 3, 1938
Prom-Gala Week... . . . elections are now out in the open with Student Senate setting December 13 as election day. This year, as was the case last year, elections are early. Will the advanced election date serve to make this year’s Prom more successful? Probably there is a little less enthusiasm on the campus now than there was at a corresponding date last year. Is this lull due to the fact that last year’s early elections did not aid materially in securing a superior band? Of Prom and Gala Week elections it can be said that one real purpose is served. Campus politicians have an opportunity to come forth in all of their glory, organize their own campaign, and spend their own money. In many details. Prom campaigns carry a close similarity to state and national elections. It has been suggested that each political group or party should turn in an expense account. Our elections vary with civil elections in that no expense account is filed. Senate President Elliott suggested last year that some such provisions might be made. In such a stipulation there is much merit, as exorbitant expenditures add little. As for rigid, binding rules for Prom Elections, we are against them. Let the soap boxers mount their stumps and use whatever ingenuity possible in this election, then, when it comes to selecting officers to fill a responsible position for a year, put that election on a strict merit basis.
^Purpose...
... of a Pep Session,” said Veteran “Spots” Emrick last night, “is to in some way show the team that ydu are in there behind it. It doesn’t seem to make much difference how you go about it, but the number is most important” We want a victory Saturday. In asking this, we seek something that we have never secured at Ohio State. When we go after something unusual or difficult to get, we usually plan ahead and pool our resources. Tonight our prime resource is our presence, not in our rooms, but at the Fieldhouse at 8 o’clock. Are you going to be there to pool
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor — D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, E. E. Insley, W. A. Krodplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Ix)cal Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director. D. J. Henninger REFRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADV.ERTISlNa BV National Advertising Service, Inc. ’ College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York< N. Y. Chicago ’ Boston ■ Los Ahseles - San Fsahcisco CO-ED STAFF Editor - - Sally McKee Associate Editors .....Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor - - B. D- McDonald Associate Editors— J. A. Hebl^ler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All epinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewiHjfnt. AU unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chirf. EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4305, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 5088
Night Editor^Houston Issue Editor—Massey Thursday, November 3, 1938
your resources with those of other Boilermakers to show the football team what we expect of them at Ohio ?—L. S. H. That students like this business of politics was demonstrated in the freshman Green Potter election Tuesday night. The straight Cary Club ticket is now the list of officers of that freshman organization.
Cinema Cues
By Betty Wickard “Suez,” M-G-M’s powerful historical drama of the building of the canal which unites the East and the West, will continue to be shown at the Lafayette until Sunday. Tyrone Power is the idealist De Lesseups, builder of the “ditch.” Loretta Young plays Empress Eugenie, the woman he loves, while Annabella is the desert waif who sacrifices her life for him during the dread desert “simoon.” —C-C— The climax to “Touchdown Army,” a light-hearted football romance starring Mary Carlisle, John Howard, and Robert Cummings, at the Mars today and tomorrow, is the Army-Navy football classic. Cummings is the cocky high school star who expects to take West Point by storm. In “That Certain Age” to be shown at the Mars Saturday through Wednesday, golden voiced Deanna Durbin is infatuated with Melvyn Douglas, as a romantically wounded war correspondent. Jackie Cooper, Jackie Searl, and Irene Rich are the supporting cast. —C-C— “Girls on Probation,” is a dramatic story of the effect of a prison term on the entire life of a girl who is guilty only of association with bad companions. Sheila Bromley and Jane Bryan are the “marked women” in this attraction at the Luna.
ARC
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
Hopalong Cassidy (William Boyd) comes back in another western mysteify which will complete the bill. —C-C— Ralph Bellamy has one of the most poWerful roles of his career as the doctor in the “Crime of Dr. Hallett” to be shown at the New Main today through Saturday. Set in a tropical jungle is the story of the heroic scientist who saves the life of the girl who hated him, assisted by Josephine Hutchinson as the girl who loves him. It’s the man who pays and pays in “Three Broadway Girls,” starring Joan Blondell, Madge Evans, and Ina Claire, the other half of the double feature. Chanel of Paris created 30 gowns especially for this picture. —C-C— “Crashing Hollywood,” a comedy with Lee Tracy and Joan Woodbm-y will double with “Rangers Round” featuring Fred Scott, singing star, at the Arc, November 3 to 5.
i Gamma Delta...
. . . announces the pledging of Donald J. Wheeler, of Quincy, 111.
Always ready to write instantly. Refill only once or twice a year. Simple, practical, handsome. Come in and see the new models. $2.45 to $10.00. Style shown only $3.95.
HAYWOOD’S “EVERYTHING FOR THE OFFICE" Fifth & Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Ind.
JOAN WOODBURY PAUL CUILFOYLE LEE PATRICK 'tADLEV PAGE • and —
SPECTRUM PICTURES CORP. e « ■ . cn°nTT -v™ dbUI 1 .K-ygsii,
m
— Alto — ZORRO RIDES AGAIN
ROBINSON JmmMt
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
NO METAL COULD TOUCH THEM — BUT GOLD!
What a Riotous Howl Is This Fast Moving Story of Three Girls Who Came to Broadway to Have Their "Breaks" Re-lined. How the Men Took to Them—And How They Took the Men!
With JOAN SLONDELi • MADOB IVANS Und INA CLAIRI — Plus — A Scientist's Needle Which Dropped Love and Death in the
Lives of 5 People!
"with RALPH JOSEPHINE HUTCHINSON A MEW UNIVERSAL PICTURE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Dunbar To Speak At Charm School Second meeting of the WSGA and YWCA Charm School will convene this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Union faculty lounge. Mrs. Katherine Dunbar, who is on the faculty of the Katherine Gibbs Secretarial School of New York, Boston, and Providence, R. I., will be the speaker. “Applying for a Position” will be Mrs. Dunbar’s subject at the second employment lecture to be held in the Education Building, room 101, at 4 o’clock tomorrow. The Friday lecture will be open to all senior men and women.
ESCORT TO LET—CHEAP . . . one Phi Gam Union vice-presi-dent. He goes by the name of KANY and will fulfill any requirements you set down. For recommendations call the Phi Psi house and ask for RICHARDSON. KANY IS EITHER , . . . . . playing the role of Kut-throat KANY or John is doing a little slipping with a certain Alpha Chi, VIRGINIA ROYCE. I doubt the latter. WHAT DO YOU THINK . . . ... of this. Three Kappas were trying to play Hallowe’en tricks on the Phi Gams the night before last: MARION ALTHER, PEG TIMBERLAKE, and one unidentified. WHERE THERE’S A ... . . . will there’s a way, and I guess that some of the co-eds get pretty hard-up for dates sometimes. After all you’re big girls now, and you’ll have to learn to be patient and wail your turn. Those boys are doing their level' best to get around. ANY OF YOU FRESHMEN ... . . .. that are beginning to think that the University is not paying you enough attention will discover different this week. YOU WILL RECEIVE . . . . . . unless there is something radically wrong with you, a little pink slip—now don’t let this worry you at least for a day or so, then you’ll receive a letter from home. Then if you don't worry, ask your roommate to show you how, he’s probably worried stiff. WHO I& THE WISE . . . . . . guy that is always marking on the lions on the campus. They have done everything but the right thing —gag ’em. THE QUESTION IS . . . . . . which one of the co-eds will be chosen for the part of Dracula. We understand that they want a close resemblance so as to save on makeup. HERE IS ANOTHER . . . . . . campus activity you sorority girls can send your freshmen out on, or better still why don’t some of you actives give it a try. You don’t have to act—just LOOK. GIRLS, GIRLS . . . . . . (30 of them) and still none were
I I
“I think your ‘Let’s-look-at-the-record’ speech was a mistake, Chief! They dug up YOUR record.”
able to satisfy us for the part of the “sweet lil’ southern gal” for the Black and Tan Fantasy. Aren’t there ANY really SWELL freshmen coeds? (Signed) The Union Board. (Ed. Note. . . Those guys sure are optimistic). (P. S. We want a good looking interlocutor too.) —STOCKER,
Michigan was the first state university to recognize the need of a museum building to centralize the research and educational functions of Organized scientific collections. New York University has a total enrollment of 48,000 students.
Scarecrow Bill Will Feature Folk Tunes Virginia Reel and other old time folk dances will characterize the annual Scarecrow Ball to be held in the Union ballroom tomorrow night from nine till midnight. Bill McEachron’s special band of string and woodwind instruments will provide rhythm for the dancers, who will be led in the folk dancing by 20 couples who have received special instruction from F. L. Reynolds, supervisor of recreation for 4-H clubs.
HOLD THE NAVY!...and HOLD THAT KISS! Here^s all the color of West Point . . . the harried plehes . . . parades . . . femmes galore . . . and the biggest thrill on the gridiron . . . ARMY vs NAVY!
lOHN HOWARD MARY CARLISLE
—PLUS— CHARLIE CHASE in NIGHTSHIRT BANDIT"
TODAY - FRI
We Can't Take It Awaylj
HELD OVER BY POPULAR DEMANDThursday', Noventber 3, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
3 •
Buck Coach Shifts Todd, Delta Chis Win Frosh Cross Country Meet Riveters Running, ■ " —— . Aerial Attack Will
Lineup For Purdue
Invasion Saturday
Bykowski...
Kappa Sigmas Capture Second Place Honors With
COLUMBUS, O., Nov. 2.—Ohio State’s gridders, with three victor- < ies, one defeat, and one tie to their credit, will seek another Western Conference victory when they meet the Purdue Boilermakers in Ohio ^ Stadium next Saturday. To date the Bucks boast a clean slate in conference competition. The hosts have tripped Indiana, Chicago, ^ and New York University, lost to Southern California and held Northwestern to a scoreless tie.
i
Schmidt Makes Changes
Buckeye Coach rrancis Schmidt has made two changes in his starting lineup for Saturdlay’s game. Charles “Pete” Gales will start at ^ left guard instead of Vic Marino, and Jim Sexton will replace Mike Kabealo as starting quarterback. The veteran coach has been drilling the Scarlet gridders for the ^ last three days on obvious weaknesses which showed up against New York University, although the Buckeyes beat the Easterners, 32-0.
Sophomores To Start
Apparently satisfied with the work of the sophomores, who were < in at the start of the game last week, Schmidt definitely decided today to start five sophomores. ^ This group includes Charles Maag center; Don Scott, left\ halfback; Bill Nosker, right guard ;\jim Langhurst, fullback; and Jim Sexton, < quarterback. It is the largest assortment of sophomores that Coach Schmidt has started in a major con-
test for Ohio State.
. . . junior guard, who is listed in Purdue’s starting lineup for the Ohio State game Saturday. After a weak start early in the season, “Busie,” as he is called by teammates, has turned in stellar performances in the past three Gold and Black contests.
We Carry a Complete Line of 1938-39 Alligator Raincoats
men's style forecast:
wins preference _ showing a rnncher ra
WINS cui.*---—
College men ate Co’'*” Slfmen
This Is the Raincoat Now in Advance Showing at Smart Campus Shops
Universityj Coacher
BY ALLIGATOR
$750
FULL 85-INCH CASUAL TYPE SWEEP FOR CONVERTIBLE SMARTNESS! COLLAR!
ROOMY POCKETS —AS YOU LIKE THEM!
PLENTY OF SWANK IN THIS DRAPE!
r
Britain-inspired Coacher model made in the waterproof, windproof, dustproof Alligator process in which no rubber is used. New and unusual right dotvn to the crisp brass buttons beneath its fly front. Choice of dark green, yellow and black. THE ALLIGATOR COMPANY, St. Louis and New York
Other Alligator Raincoats $5.75 to $25
Am GATOR
Phi Kappa Tau's Men Finishing In Third Position
Repeating his stellar cross-country performance of last week, Raymond Todd, Delta Chi, led a pack of 87 freshman fraternity men tcrthe tape yesterday afternoon on intramural field in the annual mterfraternity freshman cross country meet. Todd’s time was 13:55.
Two of Todd’s teammates, Barr and Rallins, finishing fifth and eleventh respectively gathered 17 points for the meet championship. Kappa Sigma finished second, and Phi Kappa Tau took third place. Leads Two Laps Anthony, of Delta Tau Delta, led the throng of freshmen for the first and second laps, but Todd came up with the sprint he used last week in winning the interfraternity cross country meet and beat his nearest rival, Obus, of Tau Epsilon Phi, by 20 yards. Close on the heels of Obus came Levin, of Sigma Alpha Mu, in third place. Keim, finishing tenth, Goubbey, in eighteenth position, and Decker in eighth place, captured second place for the Kappa Sigs. Throughout the race it appeared as if the Kappa Sig outfit would win, but numerous late sprints across the line spread the Kappa Sig scoring out to 36 points.
Fall Diamond-Men
WAlA News
Conclyde Practice
Pennsylvania State College authorities are considering an astronomical study project which calls for the construction of nine observatories on its campus.
With the approach of the shorter days, fall Baseball Coach Sanders, has called a halt to the daily practice sessions of sophomore diamond hopefuls and returning lettermen who are not out for other fall sports. Pall baseball artists, 39 in number, participated in inter-squad competition each afternoon; and aided by Harry Krause, ^^last season’s star catcher, and during the past summer a member of the New York Giants, the 1939 Boilermaker baseball team put up a good exhibition. Sophs Look Good The play of Bailey and Fisher, pitchers; Igney, Danowski, and Chamberlain, infielders; and Lorenz in the outfield has put these sophomores well up on the ladder of regular play for the coming season.
The Camp Craft course will meet Monday at 4 o’clock by the women’s bleachers—^please bring knives. —WAA—
Triton Club is now working on several events to enter in the Aquacade sponsored annually in the Fieldhouse pool. The Aquacade will be held Friday and Saturday, November 25 and 26.
Rain or Shine—Wear the
eUACHEll RAINCOAT
BECAUSE the Coacher is inspired by raincoats worn by members of London’s famous coaching club, and because the fabrics are in semi-trans-parent water-proof yellow, black or deep sea; alligators make extremely smart raincoats.
f7.50
500 MAIN ST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
f
i«ld«r’s.-.. ....chole*
Menace Buckeyes
By Bruce Witwer
A gridiron rivalry which harks back to high school days in Ohio will be renewed when Purdue meets Ohio State this week end at the Ohio capital city . . . Canton McKinley and Massillon were the two schools which fought each other back in the old days for state-wide prep honors. —^fc—
The Boilermakers, who have averaged approximately five yards'^ try in their passing attack duBing the current season, were genepous|y covjered with aerial offerings yesterday as the squad tore through its final scrimmage in preparation for Ohio State Saturday.
Two of the outstanding sophomore backfield stars on the field will be Ohio State’s Don Scott, formerly of Canton McKinley, and Purdue’s Mike Byelene from Massilon . . . two other Buck footballers also hail from Massillon . . . Wendell Lohr, senior end, and Louis Young, senior tackle. —^fc—
Coach Mai Elward will continue his policy of changing backfields, which with its continuous shifts in the ball-toting assignments has been a factor in setting the present passing record. However, Elward contemplates on showing the Buckeyes a lot of his “three Bees,” Brown, Brock, and Byelene.
Shifts Lineup
Another Boilermaker from Byelene’s home town is Augie Morningstar, junior center .. the town really puts out the grid material from all appearances ... a population of about 30,000 and they’re well represented on these two Big Ten football combines. —^fc—
Because of his show of fight, stamina, and other forms of gridiron tactics, Jim Maloney, senior guard, who was the only man to play 60 minutes against the Iowa Hawkeyes last Saturday, will start the game. Frank Bykowski will probably break into the starting lineup because of exceptional deception shown against the lowans.
The sponsors are also working up an inter-fraternity contest, the semifinals of which will be run in a Triton meeting and the finals at the Aquacade. —WAA—
At the beginning of this hectic football season it appeared that the folks over at Ohio State were trying to soft-pedal a potentially strong eleven . . . now it doesn’t appear that they are quite as tough as they were put up to be. —fc—
The team will entrain for Columbus after the pep session tonight and go through a light scrimmage tomorrow in the hosts’ city.
Beginning swimmers are progressing exceptionally well. There are seven or eight in the class now, and all co-eds are urged to take advantage of these swims. Instruction at 4:00, open swim at 4:30-5:30, and 7:30-9:00 for graduates as well as co-eds on Thursday evening.
It has been noted on several occasions that Coach Schmidt’s system which was supposed to razzledazzle the Big Ten into bewilderment turned out to be a backfire ... the Ohio backs spent so much time looking over their shoulders for someone to flip a lateral to that they didn’t see the defensive men charging in to tackle them. —^fc—
TRIB football expert ... of course he rated us as about seventh tdo but that’s beside the point .... analyzing the Buck team, Smith says . . . “Ohio is volnerable to a hard driving attack although defensively the team is strong because of its weight. Inexperienced sophomores further handicap the team.” ... take that for what it’s worth-
—^fc—
It’s also stated that Ohio’s failure to make more gains than they have was because the men who should have been blocking for the ball carriers were trailing the runner waiting for one of those much publicized laterals . . . when they work they can’t be beaten, but they haven’t worked so well up to this stage of the season. —^fc—
This college football really pulls in the dough . . . here are some figures quoted by Yankee Stade, from his article in a weekly magazine . ., “In a bad year, college football takes in at least $40,000,000 ... in a good year, such as 1937 ... it takes in at least $76,000,000.
—^fc—
The beginning of the season saw Ohio rated seventh in the Big Ten race by Wilfrid Smith, CHICAGO
Let’s be conservative about the whole thing though and call it $50,000,000 for the average year ... the thing is that it isn’t for a year, it’s only for a nine weeks’ season . . . that’s nearly $1,000,000 a day, six days a week . . . that’s $555,000 a minute, $9,000 a second ... no matter how thin you slice it, it’s still big business.
ALLIGATOR
RAINCOAT
The style of tomorrow is yours. The University Coacher is waterproof, windproof ... in dark green, yellow, black . . . ideal for tall days and nights.
Baltimore
414 Main
Phone 2873
For Pipes to Fit Your Personality DR. GRABOW PIPES AT
H. C. (Deac) REISNER'S
B«caus« Dr. Grabow Pipes ora mechanically PRE-SMOKED they give you O better smoke from COHIME IRUS BOm the very first pulfl
Dr. GRABOW
hicotini /jjjy ilRAP
rnmmmmmmi
tmaioaoNQ nAiun
NO BiTEl NO BREAKING IN! NO BITTER TASTE!
I
*1
4 ■'4If
dCacai CMa,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
^yhoJticsA.
Thursday, November 3, 1938
Doctor Victor Heiser, Convo Speaker, Leads Search For New Leprosy Cures
Dr. Victor Heiser, who is going to speak at the third convocation next Tuesday night in Memorial Gym at 7:30, has a pet hobby like most of ns which absorbs much of his time. His favorite pastime is learning new ways to prevent and kill leprosjf, the dreaded disease that has baffled the people and the medical profession for thousands of years. Many years ago when Dr. Heiser was diiector of health of the Philippines, an epidemic of leprosy swept the island, and it was during this peiiod that he made great advancement in its control. Following his work in the Philippines, he started a colony for the segregation of lepeis on the island of Culion, which IS now the laigest in the entire woild. As a result of Di. Heisei’s pioneering and recent developments in medicine, over 1500 lepers have been released frdm Culion as cured Freshman Editorial Workers To Meet In Room E At 7:15 Fieshman editoiial woikers on the Exponent staff who have not already had an exercise in actual writing of a news stoiy will repoi’t to room E of the Union at 7-15 tonight. These men, about one-half of the total fieshman editoiial gioup, will be given the facts on a story to be used in Fiiday’s papei. Taking these facts, each man will compose his own stoiy. These stones will be ciiticised individually and the best one will be lun in tomoiiow’s Exponent. Exponent Junioi Editois Insley and Houston will be m charge of tonight’s meeting. Men attending tonight’s session will give then prefeience as to nights on which to woik and next week will assume legular editoiial voik, one night a week. The first half of the fieshman group met foi a similai meeting last night and the best stoiy of the gioup turned in appeals in today’s paper. Managers To Select Debate Contest Topic Tonight in loom 301 of University Hall, fiatermty debate managers will meet to choose the proposition foi Mohlman Debate Contest. At this time the rules and regulations governing the contest will be discussed. Selection of the judges will be consideied and dates set foi lectuies on debating. The Mohlman contest is an annual debate contest between the different fiatermties on the campus. Gerry Mohlman, Lafayette jeweler awards a cup to the winning fraternity every yeai. Each fraternity is represented by two men, which make up a team for then house. FroshToTryOut For Debate Team In announcing the tryouts for the freshman debate team, Professor R. M. Horn, of the speech department, stated yesterday that all of the freshmen are eligible. The tryouts will be held in room 301, University Hall, tomorrow at 4 p. m. All freshmen including the six finalists in the Beveridge Speech contest should report at this meeting as important organizational material will be discussed. No preparation, however, will be necessary as no speeches will be made. The subject which has been chosen for the trials is Resolved: “That the United States Should Form a Defensive Alliance With Great Britain.”
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
of the once deadly disease. The famous leprosy doctor is commonly known as the “private physician of the world.” Recently he was elected president of the International Leprosy Association. Dr. Heiser recently wrote a book on the general history of leprosy and medical conditions throughout the world entitled “An American Doctor’s Odyssey.” Buell Named Delegate For Omaha Program Dexter C. Buell, ME ’99, has been named Purdue’s delegate to the dedicatory ceremonies of the University of Omaha. Nearly a 100 other colleges and universities will have delegates at the progi am held today, tomorrow, and Saturday. Buell IS also to take part in the conference on higher education and the social events held in connection with the exercises. Graduates Will Get Dancing Instruction Pearl M. Allen and staff will teach giaduate students “The Lambeth Walk” at a Graduate Club party to be held Wednesday from 8 to 10:30 p m. in the Union ballroom. Allen holds high honors among the dancing masters associations and is now head of the dancing department of Culver Military Academy. WAA News The freshman-junior hockey game turned out 2-0 in favor of the juniors, after a stiff battle. —WAA— The Archery tournament is proglessmg nicely, but no scoies have as yet been turned in. —WAA— Dorothy Shilling and Ruth Randall will play in the tennis finals.
Classified Mds
LOST AND FOUND
LOST in ladies’ room of library, a 1936 Weequahic High School ling initialed L. F G Please call Greenberg 66612 Keward
LOST—Pair gold fiame glasses North campus between Aimory and Northwestern. Phone 66001
LOST—Brown leather billfold in Union Building Wednesday evening. Keep money, return papers, etc Call 2667—Jean Carter
FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machhtes as low as 129.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoif, 606 Main street.
FOR SALE—1929 LaSalle coupe, condition Cheap. Call 2680
Good
61st Regiment— (Continued from page 1)
and about 5% miles horizontally. The three-inch gun fires between 25 and 30 rounds per minute. Recoil of these guns is about 32 inches. 15 Minutes to Set Up It takes approximately 15 minutes to set up the airplane killer and 4 minutes to tear it down. During rapid fire the guns are water cooled. Each machine gun demonstrated last night costs the United States Army $1,172.62. Even though the guns are used for close range fire they can also be used for ground maneuvers. Machine guns shoot a maximum of 700 times per minute with the average being about 600. Each gun has a self contained recoil of one and seven-eighths inches and are cooled by a constant flow of water around the barrel. The 50millimeter guns have a range of a little over 4 miles.
TUXEDO OR TAILS—For sale. Cheap. Phone 65634
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED TO BUY used tuxedo, size 40. Write box 496, Lafayette, Ind ROOMS FOR RENT WANTED—Two engineers to share 3room apartment on east side. $9.00 per month. Call 7271. 103 North 11th street.
FOR RENT—^Furnished front room for employed lady. All conveniences. No smoker. Phone 61333.
WB AA Programs
—Today— 11:00—PTA Program. 11:15—Charlotte Fiiend Stewart, soprano. 11:30—Tippecanoe Federation of Clubs. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15—Civic Chats, Mary Wagner. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Wilma Mills, popular songs. 1:00—“I Want a Job.” 1:15—Maltha Whitehead, soprano. 1:30—Pi of. Flank Hall—Footnotes On the Headlines. 1’45—Maiket Repoits. 2:00—The Apothecaiy. 2:15—State Safety. 2:30—'You and Your Child. 2:45—^Treasuie Chest. 3:00—Men of Vision. 3:15—^Pete Megmnis, baiitone. 3:30—Magic Carpet. 3:45—-Melody Moments. 4:00—America’s Hours of Destiny. 4:30—Stamp Club of the Air, 4:45—Stoiy Book Hour.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
Chemical Engineers Start Reorganizing Locai AlChE Chapter Officers of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers and others interested in reorganizing the local chapter met last night to formulate a plan by which the group may be more active this year. Officers present were: J. H. Jacobi, president; Bill Harris, secre-tary-treasurer; and W. H. Deitch, vice-president. Committees appointed included: membership committee sophomores, Fred Granger, and Alex Clark; juniors, Don Meyers and Bill Catterall; and seniors, R. F. Duncan and W, H. Deitch. May Publish Directory The society plans to investigate the publishing of a directory, which will be composed of all the chemical engineers ever to graduate from the University. Should this plan go into effect, nearly a 100 members’ time would be required to insure its success. It was decided to hold meetings the first and third Wednesdays of the month, the first meeting being November 16. At the first meeting the new constitution will be voted upon and a system established by which all members can be contacted by phone within a few hours notice. Mrs. Strain Discusses Sex Education Here Mrs. Francis Bruce Strain, noted authority on sex education, addressed the teachers of physical education yesterday afternoon on questions in teaching sex education in secondary schools. Later she met with a group from the Parents’ Institute to discuss “Keeping Up With Your Children.” In the talk she gave paients a receipt for handling sex education. “Answer all questions when asked, and always be liberal in answering them,” was her advice. Tuesday evening Mis. Strain was honored at a dinner in the reception room of the Memorial Union. After the dinner she discussed problems of sex education with members of the physical education department.
Why Not Fly To Purdne Ohio State Game
in a comfortable heated airliner. Call for details. See Purdue from the air for only 50c.
FLY THE NEW CUB PURDUE UNIVERSITY AIRPORT Capt. L. I. Aretz, Lessee Phone 41641
There’s Real Value in Crown Cleaning Service— Scientific Cleaning Monite Moth-proof Protection Formprest Suit Pressing Careful attention to all details Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly ©ROWN Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Three Professors To Judge At Exposition Three University professors will serve as judges at the International Livestock Exposition to be held November 26 to December 3 in Chicago. Prof. A. T. Wiancko, head of the agronomy department, will again serve on the corn judging committee. Prof. W. W. Smith, of the animal husbandry department, is going to judge pigs in the junior feeding contest; and Prof. R. B. Cooley, also of the animal husbandry department ^ will judge Percheron horses a,nd draft geldings at the annual grain and hay show. Notices
WAA Hockey: Today, November 3, Freshman A vs. Freshman B. All girls on these teams are urged to be present —SHAFFER.
Men's Bowling Tournament: Games scheduled for Thursday, November 8, will be postponed until next week because e£ the senior inspection trips. —WILLIAMSON.
Skull and Crescent: Important meeting tonight, November 3, at 7 in room C of the Union Building. Paddles will be selected at this time. Members will go directly from the meeting to the pep session. —HALL.
Christian Fellowship Hour: Meeting in room B of Union tonight, November 3, at 7:30. Rev. Ainsile will talk on the subject, “Did Christ Ever Yield to Temptation?” All students are cordially invited. —BURBRINK. Newman Club: Regular forum meeting will be held at 7 :30 Thursday, November 8, in the reception room of the Union. All Catholic students and friends are invited. —GLAZEBROOK.
Modern Dance Group: Meeting of advanced members today, November 3, at 7 :30 p. m in Women’s Gymnasium —NEWMAN
Riflery: No riflery till back stop is finished (11-4) . —SMITH Photographers: All men expeiienced in photographic work and interested in helping with production of the Activities movie, please report to me at the Activities Bureau office in the Union at 4 p m today, November 3 —LUTZ
GE 128: Seven o’clock class to meet with 10 o’clock class Friday, November 4, to hear Dr Lillian Gilbreth. —ROGERS
Sophomore Union Workers: All available sophomore workeis leport to Union Office Thursday, November 3, any time after 3 p m —CREPPS, COOPER
Sophomore Union Workers: Our committees please report to work shop Thursday, November 3, at 4 p m —HRUBY, RICHARDSON, McCLELLAND
fjtL Aomsdthim}, ho wJuhsL homjL ahouL To get that home macJe taste try our delicious cakes Graves quality Bakery 124 State, W. L. Phone 3852
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to^ice in the Engineer office aL 4 p. m. Thursday, November 8:, McElroy, Shooter, Layson, Gale, Adams, and Ely. —CATTERALL. Fantasy Tryouts: The following will report to the tower room on Thursday, November 3, at 4 p. m.: Bennett, Simpson, Diehl, Melia, Caldwell, Stocket, WilHams, and Roesch. Please bring shorts and leather-soled shoes or tap shoes. —STOCKER. Open Swim: For all faculty and clerical staff women and co-eds, Thursday, November 3, 7:80-9.00 p. m. in the women’s pool. —YEAGER.
WAA Hockey: Schedule of games: Today, November 2, sophomores vs. freshman A team , Thursday, November 8, freshman A team vs. freshman B team. All girls on these teams are urged to be present. —SCHAFFER. Fraternity Debate Managers: Important meeting in room 301 of University Hall at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, November 8. Proposition for debate will be chosen. —CARR. Co-ed Forensic Managers: Important meeting Thursday, November 3, at 6 p. m. in room 308 of University Hall. —DEMORET.
Men’s Bowling Tournament: Games scheduled for Thursday, November 8, will be postponed until next week because of the inspection trip. —WILLIAMSON.
Purdue Flying Club: Important meeting Thursday, November 3, at 7 p. m. in room F of the Union. The activities committee has an announcement to make. New members be sure to bring your propellers fully autographed. —CHBVEDDEN.
Purdue Peace Committee: Members are asked to attend a short meeting Thursday, November 3, at 8:16 p. m. in room A of Union. Banquet details will be completed. —CULP.
WAA Class Hockey: Wednesday, November 2, Frosh A vs. Juniors: Thursday, November 3, Frosh A vs. Frosh B; Friday, November 4, Junior vs. Seniors. All games are at 4 p. m. Freshman A squad is: Margaret Wirt, Metzger, McFarland, Murphy, Wood, Blagrabe, Ward, Rubreight, Harrison, Fitch, Kennedy. Freshman B squad: Mary Wirt, Kling, Graham, Cox, Modiste, McMullen, Smith, Halstead, Todd, Miller, McCullock. -SHAFFER.
NYA Workers: Checks for periods ending October 16 are now available at cashiers office in the Executive Building (11-6) , —HOLLENSBE.
Gold Peppers: Compulsory meeting Thursday, November 3, at 6 p. m. irt room 1 and 2 of the Union Building All chrysanthemum sales money must be turned in. —COOLEY.
Howitzer Squad Executives: Important meeting of all juniors who submitted lists of squads for entry in this competition in room 202, armory, at 4 p m., Thursday, November 3. —FAULCONER.
WAA Members: Those who have received numerals for class teams before chenille letters were adopted may exchange them by purchasing chenille numerals, if they wish. Call 41853 before Friday, November 4. —PETERSON.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for e College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Dine
• Professional
IF You like delicious Tenderloin Sandwiches or Chile, TRY FRANK'S PLACE 111 Vine Street
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—DOS. HAROLD). RISK—DOS. ROBERT G. RISK—D DS. LUTHER A. RISK—D.DS Schultz Bulldino 4th and Mam Phono 5701
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door Iocks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828