I , r
PurjdUE 7£x4J0neiTt
n,/
/ VV^
Read Daily By 6000 Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE; INDIANA, THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1937
NUMBER 142
Griffith To Address ‘P’ Men’s Club
Tomorrow
Headline events in the 1937 University Gala Week program which begins at 1 p. m. tomorrow include the Annual “P” Banquet, the Alumni Luncheon, the Fieldhouse Cornerstone Laying, the President’s Banquet, the Loyalty Dinner, and seven athletic events. Major John L. Griffith, athletic commissioner of the Big Ten, will be the principal speaker at the “P” Men’s Banquet planned for tomorrow night at 6:30. Alumni stars of former years will join undergraduate lettermen in the celebration. Alumni Luncheon Saturday noon, alumni of different classes will dine in the Memorial Union ballroom. This Alumni Luncheon is scheduled to precede the Purdue-Illinois track meet. Purdue’s new $716,000 Fieldhouse will formally receive its cornerstone 'between 2 and 3 o’clock Saturday afternoon. Lr A. Downs, 1894 graduate of Chicago who is president of the Illinois Central Railroad and has been acting as chairman of the Fieldhouse financing committee, will act as master of ceremonies. President’s Banquet Several hundred reservations have already been received for the President’s Alumni-Senior Banquet that is scheduled for 6 o’clock Saturday evening. The banquet is being given to show alumni appreciation for Dr. E. C. Elliott’s 15 years of out standing service to the University. Loyalty Dinner The Loyalty Dinner in the Memorial Union ballroom is scheduled for Sunday noon. Following the dinner Loyalty Certificates will be pre sented.
Gilbreth To Talk At Senior Co-ed Dinner
“A Senior Looks At The World” will be the topic discussed by Dr. Lillian Gilbreth when she speaics at the dinner for senior girls to be held Tuesday, May 4, at 6 p. m., in the Presbyterian Educational Building. The dinner is a part of the annual program of the local chapter of the Association of American University Women. A one-act play by the Lafayette Little Theatre Association will be part of the program. Over a hundred seniors will attend the affair. Miss Gleela Ratecliffe has charge of the arrangements.
Fox Wins Honors
In Fencing Tourney
J. C. Fox won first place in the freshman round robin fencing tournament which has been underway the last several weeks. Others who placed from the original field of 44 were J. P. Spiith and L. K. Har vey. These three are to receive besides their numerals, medals awarded by Silver Mask, honorary fencing organization. Others who received their num erals are: C. Jones, C. J. Lupear, W. J. Harris, W. Ohmen, J. E. Heilman, E. W. Millice, A. T. Maierson, M. L. Meier, and L. S. Blocker.
Agricultural Workers To Discuss Problems
Farm managers and superintendents of various state institutions will meet at the University May 4, to confer with University agricultural authorities on various phases of farm problems. Particular attention will be devoted to poultry, dairy, hogs, agronomy, and horticultural problems. The meeting will begin at 10 a. m, in the Memorial Union Building, and will continue through the day. Inspection trips to the University farms will be made in the afternoon for the purpose of studying particular problems.
Knox College will celebrate its hundredth anniversary during the Pounder’s Day program to be held on the 14 and 15 of February.
Union Will Sponsor Exclusive Senior And Alumni Dance Saturday
Seniors and alumni only will be permitted to attend a special dance in their honor, Saturday night in the Memorial Union ballroom, begining at 9:30. Admission price is one dollar.
Seniors must present schedule cards to buy tickets. The Gala Week Committee announced that only one member of each couple has to be a senior or alumnus.
Robertson To Present Third
Marital Talk
“Legal Aspects Of Marriage” will be the subject of Charles H. Robertson’s marital lecture to be given in Eliza Fowler Hall this afternoon at 4 o’clock. This is the third lecture to be given this year and is the last of the series which is open to both senior men and women. Robertson is a well known local practicing attorney, and this is the third year that he has participated in these programs. Men Only The two remaining lectures are to be for men only and will be held in the large lecture room of the Education Building. Dr. T. B. Rice will discuss marriage and sex problems from the standpoint of a male doctor at next week’s meeting. Dr. Elizabeth Strauss of Chicago will appear on the last program and wi}l discuss the same problem from the standpoint of the woman physician.
R. Dyson To Speak At ASME Meeting
R. S. Dysop, special engineer of the Link Belt Company, will address the University branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers tonight at 7:30 o’clock on “Sales Engineering.” Preceding the talk, which will be given in room 108 of the Mechanical E n g ineering Building the officers and honorary chairman of the student branch of A. S. M. E. will give a dinner in Dyson’s honor. Dyson recently returned from South America, where he was engaged in a survey of the field of sales engineering.
Government Officials On Tour Visit Campus
R. W. Shoffner and J. W. Criswell, of the North Carolina Extern «oon Service, stopped here on a tour of the agricultural colleges in the middle west to sl^dy the extension methods in the various states. Shoffner has charge of the TVA program in North Carolina, and Criswell is in charge of farm management extension work.
W. B, Stout Camps At Airport; Leaves Today
W. B. Stout, airplane inventor and designer, arrived at the University from Cuba, Mo., about 7 o’clock yesterday evening to spend the night here before departing for Detroit at 10 o’clock this morning Stout camped on a cement runway at the University airport in his newly designed three-room house trailer last night.
Women’s Club President Reads Paper On Johnson
Mrs. H. L. Creek was hostess to quilting groups 1 and 2 of Uie Purdue Women’s Club last Tuesday afternoon. The club president, Mrs. G. S. Johnson, read a paper on “Samuel Johnson And The tiondon Of His Time.” The program in the Creek home was preceded by a 1 o'clock luncheon in the Home Economics Building cafeteria.
Hamiltoli Dies Of Mastoid Operation
Funeral services for Charles C. Hamilton, senior mechanical engineering student, who died at the Home Hospital yesterday morning at 6:30, will be conducted at the Church of Our Savior in Cleveland Heights, Cleveland, O., at 4:30 this afternoon. His death resulted from infection which came after a sinus operation during spring vacation. The infection developed into mastoid trouble which necessitated a mastoid operation. This operation lost him a great amount of blood, and a blood transfusion Tuesday afternoon was of no avail. Hamilton was a member of Phi
Kappa Tau social fraternity, where he held the office of social chairman. He was an R. O. T. C. member and held the rank of cadet captain, serving on one of the staffs. He was active in campus affairs being a member of Skull and Crescent, Gimlet, and Scabbard and Blade. He received his’ letter as intramural manager last year. Many of the Phi Kappa Tau members are making the trip to Cleveland today to attend the funeral services. Hamilton is survived by a brother and his parents. His family has been at his bedside since Easter.
University Club Completes Plans For Meeting May 3
Illinois Central
Plans have been completed for the last meeting of the year of the University Club to take place next Monday night at 8 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building, Prof. Robert Phillips, president, announced yesterday. The program will include selections by the University symphonic band under the direction of Prof. Paul S. “Spots” Emrick; a play, “The Experiment,” presented by the Tower Theater players; and special numbers by the pony chorus from “Castles In The Air,” with dancing specialties by Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton. Bud Bryant’s orchestra will provide music for dancing.
Indiana To Go
On Air May 5
Indiana University celebrities will take to the airlanes from 9:30 to 10 o’clock Wednesday evenjng. May 5, to present a program in celebration of that institution’s 117th birthday. Originating in New York, N. Y., Indianapolis, and Hollywood, Cal., the program will be broadcast over the blue network of the National Broadcasting Company. Edwin C. Hill, Indiana ex-’Ol, the well known radio commentator, will probably serve as master of ceremonies. Other Indiana graduates scheduled to participate in the program are: Hoagie Carmichael, ’26, popular music composer; Johimy Hudson, ex-’20, orchestra leader; Don Herold, ’13, humorist and author; and Phil Duey, ’24, radio singing star. President William Lowe Bryan will deliver the principal talk.
ISatiomd Alpha Xi Delta Secretary Visits House
Ann Miller Knote, national secretary of Alpha Xi Delta, visited the local chapter last week-end. Her visit, an informal inspection of the chapter, consisted of interviews and consultations with the local chapter’s officers. Mrs. Knote, wno is tne aunt of Katherine Ann Cromer, local president, was selected as one of the 12 greatest living “Greeks” by PanHellenic Council.
Offers Prizes For Railroad Essays
Chicago, 111.—(ACP)—Smoothriding, air-conditioning, low rates, or whatever quality you like best about modern railroading can be worked into a short essay that may win you a share of the $250 in prizes being offered by the Illinois Central Railroad System. Pour awards, from $100 to $25, will be given for the best essays, 300 to 500 words long, on “What I Like Best In Modern Railroading.” Eligibility Any student readers of the Illinois Central advertisements in colleges and universities throughout the Middle West and the South are eligible to enter the contest. Entries will be received until May 10 and prizes will be mailed to the winners by June 1. If you desire reference material, send n, post card to L. A. Downs, president of the Illinois Central System, Chicago, 111. The essays should be submitted to the same address.
Fund Committee To Nominate Officers
Members of the nominating committee for the Lafayette Community Fund Campaign for 1937-38 will meet May 3 to nominate officers for the coming year’s campaign. The nominating committee consists of David E. Ross, chairman. Dr. E. C. Elliott, Henry Marshall, Sr., Gerry A. Mohlman, Bert Loeb, and John W. Walker.
Camera Club To Hear Kohl Speak Tonight
Prof. E. J. Kohl, of the biology department, will speak at a meeting of the Camera Club at 7:16 tonight in room B of the Memorial Union Building. Professor Kohl is to talk on “How To Make Photographic Prints Acceptable For The Camera Club’s Exhibit.”
Alpha Kappa Lambda
Alpha Kappa Lambda social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: L. D. Kingsley, president; H. W. Meier, vicepresident; L. N. Smith, recording secretary; C. S. Meier, corresponding secretary; and D^ C. Manlove, steward.
Seniors, Alumni, To Parade After Cornerstone Laying
By Dorothea Justin Seniors, with flags, strange vehicles, and a lot of class spirit, will parade en masse from the cornerstone laying ceremony at the Field House to Ross-Ade Stadium Saturday afternoon at 3 o’clock. Alumni attending Gala Week and the University Band will join the march. The class of ’07 will follow their victory bell which will be towed by an Austin car. Present day seniors will match this with the Phi Kappa hearse, which heretofore has been used only on Homecoming Day. Alumni of the ’90s will be represented by a gaily clad lad driving a phaeton and horse. An automobile of vintage 1909 will chpg along in the procession. Beta Hack If the old hack of Beta Theta Pi can be found, seniors will maneuver
the delapidated contrivance into the line of march. E. M. Baugh stated that the Beta hack would have an honored place if the persons who hid it last ye^ar will produce it now. Co-eds have not yet revealed their plans for the parade. Cloyd Smith, of the Senior Gala Week committee, said he expected senior to give the audience a surprise. Frosh-Varsity Game After marching aroimd the field, those in the parade will sit in block formation in a special section of the bleachers, to watch the Fresh-man-Varsity football game, which is sponsored by Gimlet Club, athletic booster honorary. Tickets for the game, at 25 cents each, can be obtained from all of the Gimlet and Gold Pepper members.
Utilities Prexy
Potter Will Address Time
Study Group
A one day time and motion picture study conference will be held here on Tuesday, May 11. The conference will be under the direction of the school of mechanical engi-* neering, the engineering extension department, and the engineering personnel service. The meeting will draw to the campus industrial engineers, time and motion picture study workers, producers and manufacturing itianagers, superintendents and supervisors, and personnel engineers and foremen. Dean A. A. Potter, of the schools of engineering, will preside as the toastmaster at the banquet in the evening, which will mark the close of the conference. Frank D. Chase, of Chiijago, and Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, professor of management at the University, will be the speakers.
Dr. Elliott To Speak At Open Meeting
President Elliott will be guest speaker at an open meeting to be held in the Browsing Room in the Memorial Union Building tonight at 7:30. His genuine interest in the new Browsing Room brings him back for the second time to speak on “Ten Books I Shall Keep.” Following the talk, all in attendance may take part in an open forum discussing such books as may be of interest to them. Student Union officials in charge of the Browsing Room are especially anxious that all who are interested turn out for this meeting.
Billiard Squad Will Compete In Telegraphic Me^t
Purdue’s five man billiard team will go into action tonight at 8 o’dlock in the Union Billiard Room in the Intercollegiate Three Cushion Billiard Tournament. The meet is to be of the telegraphic variety, with all results being sent to Indiana University, which will act as a clearing house for the tournament. The chart type of billiai'ds is to be used in this meet. In this method of play the balls are placed in predetermined positions and all shots are made from these places. Boilermaker Squad The men composing Purdue’s team will be H. Brewer, R, Mitchell, R. W. Reynolds, P. H. Weisman, and R. Tzucker, Alternates for the team are A. B. Freedman and R. V. Raiding. R. W. Hoover, E. Ambrosen, M. H. Ingleman, and W. Johnson will act as- referees.
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity announces the pledging of Bailey Bobbit, Buffalo, N. Y.,'and the election of the following officers: E. T. Sullivan, president; J. E. Beck, vicepresident; E. J, Kelley, recording secretary; B. Withers, corresponding secretary; C. B. Metz, social chairman; J. M. Berry, house manager; and J. C. Lungerhausen, pledge mastbr.
BlackweUWm
Speak Before Banquet Of
All Engineer’s
“Suggestions For The Engineering Graduate” will be H. C. Blackwell’s theme when he addresses the combined engineering fraternities tonight at 6:30 at their annual dinner in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Members of Chi Epsilon, Eta Kappa Nu, Phi Lambda Upsilon, Pi Tau Sigma, Sigma Pi Sigma, and Tau Beta Pi, will be admitted to the banquet free. Distinguished students are especially invited to attend, stated E. G. Greber, chairman of the affair. All Round Engineer Blackwell graduated from the University in 1902 and worked for a short time in the consulting office of Burt Baldwin. In 1928 he was made president of the Cincinnati Gas and Electric Company. He was made vice-presi-dent of the Columbia Gas and Electric Company, New York City, in 1930, and in 1936 he was made a director of the company.
Three Students
To Represent State At 4-H Club Camp
Three of Indiana’s four farm youths who will represent the Hoosier state at the eleventh annual National 4-H Club Camp, Washington, D. C., June 17-23, are students at the University. Lowell Hardin and Max Skinner, both sophomores in the agricultural school, have been selected as the male representatives of the state. They are active workers in the 4-H Club, having 9 years’ experience, and have done both leadership and project work. Marietta Johnson, freshman in the school of home economics, has been a club member for eight years and has won state and national recognition many times on her exhibits. Mildred Stinson of Evansville, will complete the quartet of Hoosiers delegated to Washington.
Senior Co-ed Wins
Magazine Avmrd
“The Mad Hatter’s work grows madder—after sitting up nights and scratching his long ears for more brainstorms, the later hats should be—^well your guess is as good as mine—and the ^Mad March Hare scurries on, luring the most adventurous out of hiding and sending some of us poor conservatives into our own small shells.” This is the introductory sentence of the prize winning article on the new spring hats submitted recently by Elizabeth Simpson, a senior in the school of home economics, to Mademoiselle, a women’s fashion magazine. She was one of five coeds in the United States to win the award which is a smart, soft-calf hand bag.
Dean Jordan Attends Meeting In Washington
Dean C. B, Jordan, of the phaiv macy school, is now attending a meeting of the Council of Phaimaceutical Education held in Washington, D. C. Following his attendance at the meeting. Dean Jordan will make an inspection tour of several schools teaching pharmacy in the East.
Alpha Kappa Lambda Alpha Kappa Lambda, social fraternity, announces the pledging ofPaul Rector, Winchester.
INSTRUCTIONAL STAFF
In order that the alumni may may be provided with competent guides, all seniors are excused from classes on Saturday morning. May 1, wmAm e- ewoti*, Pr^deai
■%
W f■dMliiiiiiaiiikyiititauita
lUMiAUiittiiiliWltetailAwiii
^ i ^ - A ^ -SV
P> ' I'f K’kf, ,'
H'
IhwpeTwtt
THE PUBDtlE EXPONENT
dPI^e Purbue exponent
PMind«d in 188S
1
entered ni eeeond cUuie matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indian^ Delivered ^ ■»«. ftJiO per year; delivered by carrier, fe!sO per year; sold by a aingtle copy, 2 cento.
MEMBER
gjbwdciirtfd €fetUgiate ^row
Vft900N9ll MKPMSCNTED POR NATIONAL AOVKIITI8INO OY National Advertising Service, Inc Cotttf PmhUshtn R«pre$e»tativt 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAGO • Boston > ban Francisco Los ANGELES - PORTLAND - SEATTLE
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Business Phone 6038
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D.jWood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
Manasine Editor _ _ _ — Morris Assc^te EditorB;..Z.K.X Baiiett^'J^r ir'BroSrA. H. Fwter, R P. Maniim, C. U Sadler sSnore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. BaUey, J. A. Chapin, J. R. Clark
L. S. Hardin, C, D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance
E. H. Kelloge, K. E. O’Neil J. C. Ohaver
Bold and Black Editor.
BUSINESS STAFF „ r ti i
Business Manager— — Nabonal Advertising Manager— — ^ ^ Circulation Manager •.• •.■ “f;-C.' Robbins^^^
Circulation Assistants
Eiditor - Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF r v. w .i L. D. Wood ...Z.""ZZ.Vr"7w. iL Fifl^ld' S. H Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
Issue Editor—K. E. O’Neil
In Memoriam
It is impossible for those who knew him to realize that Charles “Chuck” Hamilton has passed away . . . and those who knew him are not few in number. He was one of the most active and likeable fellows in the University. When he met a^person, that person became his friend. “Chuck” fought a valiant battle for life, but infection resulting trom sinus and mastoid operations resulted in his death early yesterday morning. “Chuck” was short in stature, but like most tiny persons, he made up in enthusiasm and activity for his lack of size. He played a prominent part in the affairs of his fraternity. Phi Kappa Tau. He was a captain in the R. 0. T. C. and a member of Scabbard and Blade honorary. His love of all sports was typified by his endeavor as an Intpamural Manager. As a member of Gimlet Club and Skull and Crescent he actively participated in campus functions. On behalf of the students and faculty of the University we extend the deepest sympathy to his bereaved family. “Chuck Hamilton is dead . . . but the memory of his active personality and the unconquerable spirit he exemplified will continue to live.
MAC is at the helm again . . . .
FLASH—ZOWIE ... we hear that “Big Broadcast” PARLON is chiseling again ... it seems that when at WABASH she sports a purty Phi Gam badge . . . but when at home, PURDUE, her Theta pin is all alone . .. wouldn’t it be a good idea for her to bring said trinket to light? . . .
Is the picture of MARTHA WOOD now on display in the Phillips Pho tography Store, for sale ? . . . WHO CARES?? . . .
Prom Probe
Junior Prom is a great contributing factor toward the longevity of college students. In addition to the recreational aspects of the affair, an endless number of laughs have been provided by preceding and succeeding connected incidents. And laughs as well as recreation tend to prolong human life. Numerous occurrences start back in the days of heated campaigning and are still happening. The latest is the Senate investigation of Prom expenses which is supposedly underway at the present. The juniors elected by popular vote, by a goodly margin, a committee to supervise Prom. Then after electing these students, the juniors did an about face and began criticizing the actions of the committee. Finally, to satisfy demands pf dissatisfied juniors, the Senate has appointed an investigating committee. Of course nothing will come from the Senate’s inquiry; probably nothing was intended to come out of it. Otherwise, why were only sophomores, who have little knowledge of the business end of Prom, appointed to the committee, and why was a fraternity brother of a member of Prom Committee named as chairman of the probing group ? The Senate’s committee can get expense figures of the affair from the office of the auditor of student accounts after all bills are settled, but the investigation will likely not proceed farther than that routine matter. —R. P. M.
THE «BEATE$T DRAMA OP OUR TIME!
Soon thiA dty wUl cheer diE tnightiest drametic spectacle over unfolded on stage or •creeni M-G-bPs greatest tri* umph'—from the prize novel by Pearl Buck! Two fortunes to produce! Thousands of things to seel Thousands in its m^inificent cast!
All Seats Reserved Matinee 50c and 75c Evening 50c, 75c, $1.10
(Including Tax) Box Office Open Daily II :00 a. m.
iiAM
TWO DAYS ONLY Fri. and Sat., April 30, May 1
MODERN NURSERY RHYME Jack and Jill went up the hill. Upon a moonlight ride; When Jack came back. One eye was black; His pal, you see, had lied. —Copped.
Speaking of PHI GAMS .. “Fish” HUMPHREYS sure is some sucker to think he can overcome the obstacle in the road to VI DAMMEYER’S heart . . . namely the PHI GAM PIN . . .
If all the frat boys in all the frat houses were placed side by side at one table, they’d reach! . . .
WHITE RATS . . . LIVE DUCKS . . they will be raffled off at the JOHNNY AMMERMAN rassle, better and officially known as the SHARE THE WEALTH DANCE . . said rats will run a race right before your unbelieving eyes, right this way for the big show . . . and stuff . . .
Meals will be an everlasting surprise to the Phi Kappa boys for awhile ... it sems that LOIS HIXON was in dire need of some can labels for her institooooshun class . . Phi Kappa Prexy, RAY STOCK, proceeded to furnish them . . . from the unopened cans in their stockI’oom . . .
THE SENIOR CORPSES COME TO LIFE . . . for the big parade Saturday . . . something new and different is their promise . . . make it good, peoples ... Ye Olde Seniores are gonna keep us “youngsters,” that’s what they say, from the Mixer Saturday night too, it is to be a SENIOR EXCLUSIVE . . . celebrating GALA WEEK . . . Don’t forget the announcement of the KNIGHTS and LADIES of the DOG HOUSE tomorrow . . . . send in contribs . . . for MARS PASSES...
FAMILY
TODAY — FRI. — SAT. 2 First Run Hits!
NEW THRILLf
-Plus—
SAVED FROM A FIRING SQUAD-
"-BY A TRICK -OF
Bmeball Diamonds Glitter In Eds Eye
Baseball—^the National Sport— is getting off to a flying start on the campus as every Ed from the low ly Frosh to J;he becorded Senior has dug out his glove from the bottom of the drawer and started into practice to prove that he is at least as good or almost an3rway, as told his roommates during the winter breezse sessions. Spring fever which" slows down every other activity at this time of year, actually helps promote this sport of lazy men. Fraternities have started competing for the intramural cup and have acquired a rabid interest at the present time that can be proved by the scouting of other teams and the vehement challenges that are being hurled through the air—^the D. U.'s have challenged the Sig’s to a contest with ballbats, the winner takes the keg and the loser shells out the eight starts in its pre-conference nines are out on the diamonds at all hours in order to get that needed practice to win the championship Front yards of all the fraternity
BEG PARDON . . . my attention has been called to the fact that the SLAVE of all SLAVES in the life of Queen SMITH’S slavey life is none other than little boy COLE . . . CHUCK is even carrying her books for her . . •
ANOTHER REBOUNDER . . she even picks on a Phi Gam . . . ELLEN MANN is doing things with PAUL VERNOR . . .this is a case of reform . . . from FROGIE’S to the MIXERS ... for PAUL . . .
SWIMMING while on the Union Show picnic . . . went BLANCHE KERNEL and PEGGY TIMBERLAKE . . . covered with mud they were when they got out.. mud baths the reasons for their sparkling beauty, they claim . . . while were on that picnic . . . Show Lead BETTY GRANGER, took some spill as the party was temporarily parked at Maple Point skating Rink . . . GEORGE CLAYPOLE at it again.
TODAY — FRI. — SAT. Double Feature
“I’ll Blow This Town Wide Open ... To Get Rid of Rats
Like You !”
The inside story of why that famous D. A. turned mobster’s mouthpiece!
—and—
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichly
“—And the winner of the husband-calling contest, by unanimous verdict of the judges—Miss Daisy Hasben!”
houses and boarding houses are being torn up by cleats and tennis shoes of the would be ball players.
Johnny Wooden Offered College Coaching Job
Johnny Wooden, All-American Boilermaker basketball star in 1933, and now director of athletics and net coach at Central High School in South Bend, has recently been conferring with athletic officials of Iowa Wesleyan University at Mt. Pleasant, la. It is said that Wooden has been offered a position as athletic director and basketball coach there.
Walter O. Briggs, Detroit industrialist, who never attended Michigan State Normal College, has presented that institution with $160,000 to be used in the building of a new athletic field.
TIu thinklnr fellow ealla A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Special Oeeaeiona 2Se per paeaenser anj part of tho eitjr 602$ PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
HOT CROOKS, HOT MONEY, AND COLD HEARTS!
Today Only
HMfll SALLY EILERS JAMES DUNN DAVID NIVEN Warren HYMER UNIVERSAL PICTURE
LUMA
DOUBLE FEATURE
TODAY—FRI.—SAT.
PREY OF THE
Vicious RinV Is Smashed It the risk of 1 victim’s lifel It's inbelievable!
THRILLS! EXCITEMENT! DANGER! The pulsepounding adventure of o daring girl j$py!
PROMBI
1«MY
a
wnh
CHESTER MORRIS LEO CARRILLO HELEN MACK Thomas MITCHELL
« COLNHIIS riCTMI
-PlusParamount News
with
Karen Morley Robert BaldwinoUSf
MBtatea
tiBffi PUBOtlB BXPONEItrr
Boilermaker Nine
Wallops Butler, 10-4
By Dick Obenchain
The Purdue baseball nine made it two in a row to keep their home schedule clean for the year as they defeated the Butler Indians lO to 4 on Intramural Field last night. Although the Boilermaker squad made four misplays in yesterday’s encounter thqy played the best allround game that has been seen on the home lot for some time. Although the local nine outhit the Indians they were held scoreless until the fifth and were trailing the Butler crew most of the game. The Fehnngmen produced late in the game scoring 10 runs in the last
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it weH Opposite Post Office Wallace Qlock 322 Ferry St.
four innings. Starting Pitcher Heiss started the gam^ on the mound for Purdue and retired the opposing batters in order in the first two innings. He had the game pretty much under control, allowing only four hits which united with errors and walks produced four runs fpr the Butler sauad. Joe Doan pitched the seventh and eighth innings, held the Indians scoreless, and helped win his own ball game byNt^itting a single and knocking in two runs. Again in this game, as in the other home game, George came in to pitch the ninth inning and let the Indian batters down. Early Innings During the early innings the Purdue nine showed plenty of power with the wood but they were unable to capitalize on their hits. The local squad had men on second asd
It’s Really Raining Rain You Know!
Popular songs to the contrary, when it rains it rains. And you’ll get soaked unless you’re prepared with one of these smart new weather protectors. They’re good to look at and they’ll do a wonderful job of keeping you dry and saving your dresses.
Full lain coat with separate hood, transparent style.
$1.69
Plain Oil Silk Rain Cape snugly, folds small, snaps.
.98
Slicker Type Oil Silk Rain Goats — light weight in brown, black, natural, and green.
.98
LOEB’S
South Side of Square
Sail STCA* to Europe this summer. Trgydfwiili^n interesting and congenial group of college students/For years Holland-America Line Steamers have been the firsmhoice of those who enjoy good times, pleasant accommod^ons, and a delicious cuisine. To England, Fianae and Holland
STATENDAM VEENDAM . VOLENPAM . TOURIST CLASS ROUND TRIP
Juno 4 Jnna 18 Juno 86
Juno 89
$224.00
and up
STATENDAM
VEENDAM ... July 10 STATENDAM (HaBe$$on} July 80 THIRD CLASS *154 50
ROUND TRIP
■ and up
('‘‘STCA meani euhar Student Touiiit Claii or Student Third Cla» Anociation)
For iuU dotaHa aem
STCA DEPARTMENT
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE
318 North Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111.
third in the second with none out> and the bases loaded in the fourth on three consecutive singles with none out. In both innings the side was retired without runs. Lady Luck did not smile at the Indians all afternoon as the Boilermakers got to the Butler hurler, Blackaby, for three runs in the fifth on four hits, and collected five tallies on two hits in the seventh. Lucky Seventh Dean was the first man up for the Boilermakers in the lucky seventh. He got himself hit by a pitched ball and stole second. Mangas filed to the right fielder. Breshn was safe at first on an error on third baseman Stoner’s very bad throw to first. Paulos was hit by a pitched ball to fill the bases. Art Bredewater forced Paulos at second and was safe on a fielder’s choice as Mangas scored from third. Bredewater and Breslin executed a successful double steal and the Purdue squad tallied again. Waling walked, and singles by Thompson and Doan scored three more runs. Bartz then forced Doan out at second to retire the side with five runs on two hits. Ninth The first of the ninth went big league as the Boilermakers ended the game with a double play. Wilson was thrown out. Dean to Waling. Macek was safe on an error. Harding, centerfielder, sfngled to advance Macek to second. Layman hit into a double play, Thompson to Dean to Waling, retiring the side and ending the ball game. Summary: Purdue AB R H E Bartz, rf 5 0 10 Dean, 2b 4 2 11 Mangas, If 6 12 0 Breslin, 3b 4 2 2 2 Paulos, cf 3 0 2 0 Krause, c 3 0 0 0 Bredewater, c 1 1 o 0 Botney, lb 2 0 0 0 Waling, lb 2 110 Thompson, ss 4 2 1 1 Heiss, p 2 110 Doan, p ... 1 0 1 0 George, p 0 0 0 0 *Lucas 1000 **Baker 10 0 0
Total 38 10 12 4 Butler AB R H E Constantino, ss 4 0 0 2 Wilson, c 5 0 0 0 Macek, lb 4 0 11 Harding, cf 5 110 Layman, rf 5 0 10 Burdette, 2b _ 4 2 1 1 Staller, 3b 1111 Poland, If 3 0 0 1 Blackaby, p 3 0 2 0 Corbett, p 0 0 0 0
Total .34 4 7 *Batted for Doan in the 8th. ’‘■*Batted for Heiss in the 6th.
6
BASEBALL
TODAY—4:15 Diamond 1— Sigma\Chi vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 2— Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Delta llieta. 3— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 4— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 5— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 6— Beta Theta Pi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 7— Triangle vs. Phi Kappa. 8— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 9— Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 10—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.
ALL-CAMPUS GOLF
Tournament starts Monday, May 3. Sign up on Gym bulletin board, and pay your dime (entry fee) in the Intramural Office. —CLFVETT.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In tlw VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Closing Out 14 Price De Voe Art Colors
J. SPERB HDW,
SIt-M HMn
P ielder’s.... j ....choice I # By Bob Voliiolo ■■■■■»
Purdue’s spring sports have gone through a VeVersal of form this year and Purdue fans find themselves ndth winning teams . . . going to ball game fo'r the laughs, the Boilermaker spectators now find a wellplayed game instead of the circuses of the past few years ... —^fc— Yesterday the local squad made only four misplays, as contrasted to the great numbers of former years . . . and some of these errors were legitimate .. . Breslin was accredited with a bobble on a play that he shouldn’t even have reached . . . but he did, and erred on the pickup, thus suffering for his effort . . . —^fc— Last year the Purdue nine lost 12 games, won 3 and tied 1 by April 28 . . . this year the Purdue squad has won 6 and lost only 2 . .. —^fc— Blackaby, Butler’s starting pitcher yesterday, also puts the shot for the Butler track squad . . . although he doesn’t practice with the track squad and tosses the shot only during track meets, he regularly tosses the weight 46 feet . . , and he tired throwing that little horsehide pellet yesterday . . . —^fc— Something that seems foreign to Purdue squads is a good throw to second . . . both Krause and Bredewater have excellent pegs ... all you lads who haven’t already done so want to start slipping over to the baseball diamond to see some darn good ball games . . . —^fc— Obenchain batting for Walpole today... *
5 5 5 5 5
A NEW AND THRILL-
g ING GAME OF SKILL g
at
5 THE 5 SPOT GUN CLUB R 212 N. 5th St.
RIFLE AND PISTOL AND MACHINE SHOOTING
Make This Place Your East Side Headquarters
5 5 5 5 5
FitA'rERNltT ’TENNIS INGLES
■tdDAY—4:15“ Sigma Pi vs. Triangle. Phi Kappa vs. Theta Chi. Alpha Chi Rho vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. Delta Upsilon vs. Acacia. Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Theta Xi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Phi Delta Theta vs. Beta Theta Pi.
Bixler Issues Call For FroshVarsity Golfers
Coach Jack Bixler yesterday announced a call for freshman-var-sity golf tryouts. Those wishing to try for freshman-varsity numerals are to turn in their names and schedule of vacant afternoon class hours at the Intramural office. Men will be matched for a 36-hole round on the public golf course. Play will start this evemng, April 29, and will continue until all have
played 86 holes. Tiymd eandfdatei may purchase fkikets at the intni* murat office.
» I
SICMA DELTA PStt
Tryouts fornmmbership will continue this afternoon at the Stadium. —CLEVETT.
Law mowers Sharpened NEW and USED MOIVERS Frc« Deiivmv F. JOS. MULHAUPT & SON
Phone 2S28
2W-lt N. S«b St.
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST
119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4966
ABE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
STEP OUT N
WHITE
STEP OUT! * and make it in white. The trend calls for white, both Spring and Summer. To keep your clothes white, have them cleaned in our modem plant, by our modern workers.
West Side Cleaners
We Call For and Deliver Northwestern, Vine & North
Phone 4081
Flowers from Clark’s for Formals
CLARK’S FLOWER SHOP 627 MAIN ST. PHONE 5432
. ITHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thui^eday. April 29,1937
Classified Ads.
Lost—^Rimless glasses in case near men’s tennis courts or Bartlett Drug Store. Call 8S01. Lost—K. & E. slide rule, name on case. Call Craft S063. Reward.
'Feniiis Spedals-^Best quality restringing at special prices. Also offering some bargains in fine grade rackets. Phone 4784. Johnson.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. EbershoflF, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
☆ STAR OF THE EVENING
The New Palm Beach Draped Dinner Coat . . . This distinguished model is based on the finest custom traditions. It has square shoulders, a deep chest displaying slight ripples of natural fullness, a suavely rolling shawl collar and a gracefuly indented waist. Look your smartest, feel your most comfortable, in this shape-retaining featherweight ensemble. ^ Wh ite coat either single or double breasted with black tux trousers . . .
$
18.50
PUM BEACH TUX ENSEMBLE
GEISLER’S
Good Pnntxng—Painless prices Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 5205. We deliver. Kane’c Print Shop, 401 South 29th street.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Theta Alpha Phi—Meeting in the Union Building at 7 o’clock April 29. Very important. —CALLIS.
Stump, Stage, Studio Committee—^Meeting in Union on April 29 at 4 p. m. Important. —PARLON.
Union Sophomores—All sophomore Union workers report to workshop at 4 p. m. April 29. —REID.
Gold Peppers Juniors—Meeting April 29 at 8:16 in WSGA office. ' —SCUDDER.
W. A. A. Baseball—Games to be played at 4 p. m. In case of ram the first game will be played in the gym. Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Ward 1 and 4 ; Ward 2 vs. Pi Beta Phi and Alpha Xi Delta. —TOWNSEND.
Union Workers—My committee report to Mytinger in the Union office at 4 p. m. April 29. —PFORZHEIMER.
A. I. Ch. E. and Catalyst—Sound moving pictures in the lecture room of Michael Golden Shops at 4 p. m. April 30. —PFORZHEIMER.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Meeting at 7 p. m. April 29. —BRYANT.
Freshman Fencing'—All winners of the freshman round robin tournament are to report to the fencing room at 4 o’clock tonight. —SEABORG.
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BUK DB. HABOLD J. BUB OB. BOBBBT 6. BUB DB. LUTHBB A. BUB 400 Sehniti Bldg. Phone 5701
Flying Club—All members of the Pur^ due Flying Club bd at the airport at 4 p. m. April 29, for pictures. —CONWAY.
Camera Club—Meeting April 29 at 7:16 p. m. All members be prepared to pay back bills. —CAMPBELL.
W. A. A. Swimming—Triton Club at 7:80. open swim at 8:30 p. m. Anyone interested in Triton Club come at 7:80 p. m. April 29. —WALTER.
Tan Beta Pi—Pledge themes and bents with all signatures must be turned in to me at the Triangle house April 29. —SANDERS.
All-University Sing—Organizations still wishing to enter leave notice at the Student Union office between 4 and 6:80 p. m. on April 29. —WIEGANDT.
Union Workers—Our committees meet at 1 p. m. April 29 to issue Dads News. —McLEOD, MY-riNGER, PERKINS. Vesper Services—The final vesper service will be held April 29 at 4 p. m. in room C of the Memorial Union Building. —McEAOHRON.
Camera Club—^Meeting at 7 p. m. April 29 in room B of the Memorial Union Building. Pictures for exhibit may be turned in May 4. Every club member is eligible. Letter on exhibit was wrong. —CLAYPOLE.
Scabbard and Blade—Spring initiates may obtain keys from me. —WEIGANDT.
P. E. W. Hoiaeback Riding—Will the following girls report to the Women’s Gym April 29 at tiie hour indicated: 1:30—Carter, Wickard, Long, Sickman, Hickman, Williams, Alther. 2:80—Bills, Everhart, Smith, Cook, Laramore, Ney, Martens. —HAZELTON.
Gold Peppers—^Dinner for junior and senior Gold Peppers is postponed indefinitely. —SCUDDER.
post-
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation poned until May 16. .........
—PITTMAN.
Dorner*s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Jump into Dewenter’s for the "neatest” shirt ever made! Thanks to its special Aroset collar, HiTT keeps its neat, spruce appearance for hours on end. This collar behaves like a starched collar — never wrinkles. Yet it hasn’t an iota of starch in it — is flexible and comfortable. Hitt is Mitoga form-fit and Sanforized, guaranteed not to shrink $2 DEWENTER’S 416 MAIN ST. LAFAYETTE, IND.
A GOOD FILE, PRICED
Within the reach of Every One—
17
00
Delivered to Your Address
Classify Your Letters, Data, Catalogs. Keep your information orderly and quick finding. There is nothing "cheap" about these files. They are the biggest filing cabinet value in the low-priced field. All-welded construction. Durable and attractive enamel finish. Well-proportioned, well finished hardware. Look well in any business surroundings. See Them At Our Store
HAYWOOD’S
Office Equipment Lafayette, Ind.
SUDDEN Service
P
RINTING.
Offic* StetioiMry.. Wtddlng InvItelloiM
— Silst Books, Etc. .03
1-^628 CASSEL'S 408k<ERi{i
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding ' and New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes and Roller Skates for Rent Phone 2291 State & Main Ste., W. L.
Koppa Delt* Pi—Redges and aetives meet In room 1 of the Memorial Union Bnilding at 5:15 p. m. April 29. —CHANCELLOR. W. A. A. Hike—All girls interested in hiking to the W. A. A. Cabin meet in the Women’s Gymnasium May 1 at 2:30 p. m. —CAMPBELL.
WBAA Staff—Meeting at 7:80 p. m. April 29 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. —DAMMON.
Purdue Engineer—^All freshmen and sophomore workers meet in the office at 4 p. m. April 29. ' —BAALS.
Festival Day Pagsant—Rehearsal Ot the complete cdht in Women’s G^m at 7:16 p. m. Apru 29j i w * —TAilGBRl^.
0^AA Baseball Two more games in the W, A. A. baseball tournament were played off last night. The Kappa’s defeated the Alpha Chi’s by a score of 13-6, while Ward 2 swamped the Chi Omega nine, 28-6.
SOLE DISTRIBUTOR for • PALM BEACH * in West Lafayette SOUTHWORTH'S
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Beaters 38 Years in the Bosinesa DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
■ Boss, you sho do seem unperturted by the heat
That’s because try Palm Beach Suit is as cool as no clothes at ail
LIKE BEING CLOTHED IN AIR
^ To the world you ore on unusually well-dressed man. Your friends will speak of the smartness of your clothes, and you’ll absent-mindedly reply, “What clothes?” before you remember you’re wearing Palm Beach. ^ It’s tailored as stylishly as suits costing many times as much. And its patented fabric resists wrinkles and repels dirt, so that your pressing and cleaning bills are surprisingly low. ^ Your favorite clothier is showing a stack of fresh weaves and patterns that will win scores of new Palm Beach fans. See the darker-tone mixtures which look like imported worsteds. Get yours now while selections are at their best.
75
GOODALL COMPANY • CINCINNATI
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
For
PAL-M BEACH in Lafayette It's Baltimore Clothes Shop