▼OI.UME XLVII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, FEBBUARY 13, 1936
Lecture For Students
‘-Measuring StiGcess'’ will be discussed by Day^ E, Ross, president of the University board of trustees, this afterh^ at 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall in the second of the senior emplbyttient lectures. Pres. jEy C. Elliett delivered the first of the series last week on “Friendly Breaks”. Mr. Ross has an outstand-
Huber, Kidd Elected Lo WSGABoard
WiH Hold Mass Meeting March 11 To Vote On Amendnaents
Georgianna Huber, Kappa Alpha Theta; and Marian Kidd, Pi Beta Phi, were elected as freshman representatiyes to the executive board of W. S. G. A. at a mass meeting held in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building yesterday afternoon. Five changes in the by-laws of the organization were discussed and passed by the group. Among these is; one concerning installation of officers. The article now reads: “The officers of the association and other members of the executive board shall assume their duties at an executive board meeting not
ing record as a behefactor of the University, ciyic worker, inventor, and manufacturer. Since he has had great experience in wiidely diversified' fields, Mr. Ross is well qualified to speak on “MeUsufing Success”. Mr. Ross said last night he would not devote his entire time to a for mal discussion of the subject but would tell stories of actual happenings which illustrated the points he wished to make.
bOOCanners Meet Here ■ Discess Methods Of Tmproviiig Raw: Prod
uct In Final Session
Bothersome Imitator Rousts’^ Editor Out Of Bed
sooner than two weeks and not later than four weeks after the elec tions.” Several Committees Dropped In addition several standing com mittees were dropped and hew ones, including vocational guidance, office, freshman orientation, transfer students, social and parliamentary procedure were added. Article VI dealing with nominations and elections was changed to include a faculty representative without vote on the nominating committee. Slight alterations made in Articles V and VI were to the effect that “elections committee” be called “elections and posters committee”. Five Changes During the business session five constitutional changes were presented which will be voted-upon at the next,mass meeting on Mai’ch 11. One of the proposed changes adds five new representatives to the executive board including, co-ed editor of Debris, co-ed editor of Exponent, one woman representative of music organizations, the co-ed exec utive of P. I. A. and the president of the Pan-Hellenic Council. At the mass meeting to be held March 11, the new candidates will be introduced, additional nominations may be made from the floor and voting on the constitutional changes will take place.
A, S, Carter Named To Inspection Post
Methods, of improving flhe raw product in order to provide a better qua,lity of Indiana canned goods for the ultimate consumer occupied the main attention yesterday of approximately 600 Indiana cannefs and field men attending the ninth annual conference at the University. ' ' i . Before the morning’s general session, E. J. Kohl, of the University biology department, outlined the structure of a plant through which it “feeds”, while F. C. Gaylord, of the horticultural department, discussed the utilization of rotation as the basis of a permanent Indiana canning industry. Buffet Luncheon Following a buffet luncheon at noon, at which the distribution of “The Ganners’ Wail”, the confer ence newspaper, provided the fea ture, the afternoon program vyas split into two sections, one for sweet ■ corn and pea growers and the other for tomato growers. Before thb sweet coim and pea meeting, C. B, Sayre, of Geneva, N,. Y., explained the results of recent experimental work with the two crops, while E. V. Walter and W. E. Lewis, of the United States department of agriculture, discussed corn earworm damage and U. S. standards for canning sweet corn, re-
spectively.
An explanation of studies of tomato defoliation by J. H. McGillivray, of Purdue, and a discussion of anthracnose fruit spot by R. W. SamSon, also of Purdue, along with an explanation of the aims and objectives of the Double Tonnage club provided the afternoon program for the tomato growers.
This tWrd of fke series of electiOri incidents which directlyi or indirectly have affected the EspOneiit OGCtired at 2 a. m. yesterday morning when H. V. Heuser, editor^ vrhs rousted from bed by a phone call by someone who said he was jAl. M. Cflhsteeh, Exponent night editor. In an excited voice, the impersonator explained that he had just caught someone molesting the type and that it was highly necessary for Heuser to be there to “ac-
cuse him”. Similar ,..
A somewhat similar occurance was experienced by Chasteen when he received a message to come to “492 Littleton”, the home of “Deae” Reisner, whose daughter is a candidate for Prom elections. The impersonator in; this case identified himself as Jim Jump, also a Prpm candidate. A fake telegram message was also delivered to Chasteen, but both messages jkere found
to be false.
In the background, someone was fiercely pounding away at a typewriter. There were only two mistakes made, according to Heuser, that meant sleep instead of a fruit less trek back to the east side; the imitators byerlooked the- fact that typewriters are not in use at the Exponent office later than about 12:30 in as much as all the copy is “up”, and, second, Chasteen is not in the habit of using the language that came over the wire. Harry Hughes, Delta Upsilon,
Juniors, Seniors Will Elect Prom, Gala Week
also a Prom candidate^ received a similaf caU Tuesday flight at 9 :30 ^ Oply t^b justifications could account tor these calls, according to those concerned. The first was the playftd motive of jtist awakening peaceful sleepers while the second pointed to a re-oecurance of some physical injury as was threatened in the case of Dick Wonsetler last year when a gang of “playfuls”, who were displeased over the outcome of the F. A. A.- elections, invaded the Sig Chi house and routed Wonsetler from bed. The incident resulted in no serious drastic action other than personal threats. It Came On A Midnight Clear A midnight visit to Heuser’s office last night by Don Beggs, Pi Kappa Phi, and Tom Gould, Debris business manager, disproved previous convictions when they denied haying a personal part in the type Ghanging. A check-up of the three typesetting places in Lafayette revealed that the inserted type found in Exponent columns Tuesday morning before the paper went to “bed” was set bn Journal-Courier machines. A “senior in Cords and with a hat” posing as a member of the staff asked Gordon Graham, night editor, to set the slug inasmuch as the Exponent operator had gone home. Graham could not identify the impersonator, but past incidents have led to fairly conclusive convictions. ■
m$:M STkis Mornmgf Close At $ P, M, Tbmght
Juniors and seniors will go to the polls between 8 and 5 o’clock today in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building to name the members of the Junior Prom and Gala Week committees. The Student Senate will be in charge of the elections, and each person who votes must present his Or her schedule card and sign the voting card.
Senate: Sets 3;5' Eligibility Standard For Elections
Prom and Gala Week election rules maintained at last year’s elections will stand unaltei’ed for future student elections, according to a 16 to 12 vote by the Student Senate at a meeting in room 1 of the Memorial Union Building last night. A contention ensued the proposal of Ed Adams to rope off a section of the Union Building for election polls and allow electioneering by candidates in the remainder of the building. A motion by Ed Elliott to retain last year’s rules was carried by the above vote count. Point Eligibility Hope Reisner, Bob Ellsworth and Glenn Martin, committee on “point eligibility” for elections, reported that a flat 3.00 scholastic index had
A. S. Carter, 1923 agricultural graduate of the University, has been named chief inspector on the staff of Dr. H. R. Kraybill, state chemist, it was announced yesterday. He succeeds the late Prof. Otis S. Roberts who served from 1907 until his death in December. The new chief inspector who will handle the work in connection with inspection of feeds, seeds ^nd fertilizers under the state laWs governing the sale of these products, taught in Luce township, Spencer county, for two years after gradua tion fyom the University. In 1926, he obtained a master’s degree in economics at the University of Illinois, and for the next five years served as agricultural agent ip Perry, Johnson and Posey counties. From 1931 to 1934, he was manager of the Tri-County Farm Bureau Cooperative Association, at Evansville, and since 1984 has been one of the supervisors of the Agricultqyal A<Jjhstment educational program instate. He assunied his new duties this week.
WRH Will Hold V alentine T ea Dance
Mars To Show Fainous Play
Sliakespeariasi- Movie Here Friday, Saturday
Residents of the W. R. H. will entertain dates at a St. Valentine’s Day tea-dance this afternoon. Dancing to Orval Wray’s muMc will be from 4:30 until 6 o’clock in the game room downstairs. At this time a buffet supper will be served to the girls and their guests. A large lace-edged frame with a red heart as back-drop will enclose the orchestra, and the other decorations will also carry out the motif of an old-fashioned valentine, Guests of the affair are: Miss Claire Coolidge, Miss Helen Hazelton, Dean Dorothy Stratton, Katherine DunWoody, Virginia Gobble, Helen Hall, Mary Rose Harlan, and Jeanette Scudder.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
Kappa Delta Rho fraternity announces the pledging of W. L. Molyneaux, Buffalo, N. Y., and R. E. Davidson, Rochester, N. y.
“A Midsummer Night’s Dream”, a full three-hour film of Shakespeare’s famous play, is being brought to the Mars Theater Friday and Saturday by the Mars Theater management, sponsored by the Lafayette Little Theater Association and a g'eneral committee head ed by George Ade as honorary chairman, with Prof. P. E. Lull, head of the division of speech, as executive chairman.
Reserved Seats
Reserved seats may be had at a special booth being maintained by the executive committee in the Memorial Union Building lobby epch afternoon from 4 until 6 o’clock. Two performances will be given each day. To enable students to attend, the Friday afternoon showing will start at 2:15 and the evening at 8:16. The same schedule will be followed Saturday except that the evening perforipance will start at 9 o’clock, enabling students to attend the NorthwesternPurdue basketball game first. Tickets are priced at 66 cents, 83 cents, $1.10 and $1.66, For the afternoon performances seats in the balcony, loges and sides of the main floor are priced at 65 cents, with the center section downstairs cdn (Continued on page 4)
been decided upon as the fairest minimum standard. Ellsworth pointed out that most co-eds are weak in physics courses, and that some of those who maintain high averages in all other courses and are capable of managing campus offices are perhaps ineligible; on account of a “G” or “D” in physics. The motion to establish 3.00 as the minimum was defeated by a close margin, and a motion to set 3.60 as the standard was made. After a short discussion, the motion for the 3.50 was carried by an 18 to 4 margin, with several Senate members not voting. Hope Reisner suggested putting the- rule into effect for today’s election, but her point was strongly contested, especially by Elliott, who stated that in that case the rule might seem to have been enacted for the benefit of three or four campus politicians. The Senate voted decisively against
the suggestion. Sportsmanship
Publicity through the Exponent was proffered by Walter Abbott and W. W. Glenny, committee on sportsmanship, as the method decided upon as most effective for preventing another occurrence similar to the booing of the referees at (Continued on page 4)
Dr. Bray To Attend Technical Meeting
Dr. J. L. Bray, head of the University school of chemical engineering, will leave tomorroiy to attend the 146th meeting of the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers in Nefl^ York. While there. Prof, Bray will present a paper on “Coefficient - of Equivalence of Iron with Respect to Aluminum Bronze”, using statistics compiled in the past two years in collaboration with R. H. Heyer and M. Carruthers, of the University staff. During the eastern trip, Professor Bray will visit various engineering schools for the purpose of inspection and for conferences with the heads of these schools, particulai’Iy with reference to the unit operations course which will be added to the University curriculum in the sumnjer of 1937. He also will address several of the student bodies and speak before the Purdue clubs
in the eastern cities.
Competition for positions on the senior committee has not been keen, since aU but one of the men will be included in the six who are selected. The junior election is being more strenuously contested, with two major tickets expected to fight a close battle for the positions. Candidates Those running for Prom are: L. O. Buxton, J. W. Drake, H. W. Hughes, Ruth Grimm, Jean Hanley, J. E. Jump, 0. W. Martin, B- A. Mc(Dandless, Hope Reisner, Gloyd D. Smith, Robert W. Snuith, J. P. Soles, W. I. Spitler, C. J. Trees, J. W. VanNatta, and S. R. Wifth. Six men and one co-ed will be selected from the above. Gala Week candidates include V. R. Butz, W. W. Glenny, J. P. Joorfetz, E. A. Lambert, Mary Luxton, R. P. Nikolich, and R. B. NuU- Five men will be chosen, with Miss Luxton automatically gaining the sole co-ed position. The only political connection between candidates in this contest is between Null and Nikolich, the others being independ-
ent.
Combinations
One Prom clique is composed of Hughes, Jump, C, D. Smith, Soles, Spitlei’, R. W. Smith and Hope Reisner. The opposing group consists of Drake, Martin, McCandless, Trees, VanNatta, Wirth and Ruth Grimm. These organizations have been actively. engaged in soliciting votes for the past two weeks or more, and both are going to provide automobiles to carry prospective supporters to the polls. Many members of the third-year class have been approached by workers for one or both grOups, both with solicitations of votes and offers of
transportation.
Two candidates who filed their petitions Saturday were declared ineligible because of “C’s’? last semester. They had based their en trance into the race on the ex pectation: that a new eligibility ruling would be passed by the Student Senate, but officers of that body have stated that if such a rule be passed, it would not apply to the present elections.
One Free-Lance
Both of these men were connected with one of the two tickets mentioned above, and have been replaced by other candidates. P. I. A is lending its support to Buxton and Wirth, not attempting to present a full ticket. The only totally freelance candidate to enter the race is Jean Hanley, who will be competing with. Ruth Grimm and Hope Reisner for the co-ed position. The Student Senate elections committee, heafied by J. W. Townsend, will be in direct charge of the voting, which will be conducted under’ the regular Senate election rules. Written or printed publicity material of any kind, as well as campaigning in the Union, will be barred, and all candidate^ who are found guilty of violating' the I’ules will be declared out of the race, and will forfeit their one dollar fee.
ELECTION RULES
1. No electioneering will be allowed in the Union Building while polls are open. By electioneering is meant the soliciting of votes by students running for the committees dr soliciting qf votes by students’ working in the interest of other students. 2. No sample ballots will be allowed at any time prior to dr during the election. 3. No posters will be allowed at any time, 4. Schedule cards must be presented at polls if voting card is not filled out.
SDXToHold Open Meeting
Foster Hailey To Address Group On AP
Foster Hailey, manager of the Indianapolis division of the Associated Press, will address an open meeting of Sigmal Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, in the Uflion Building next Wednesday night at 7:30 olclock. At the same time a "Best Book of the Month” will be awarded to the freshman or sophomore who is author of the best printed article during the period ending February 1, The articles, to he eligible for the contest, must have been printed or accepted for publication either in the Agriculturalist, the Engineer, the Pharmacist, or the Exponent. Mr. Hailey, who will simplify his lecture by the use of charts and maps, will explain the intricate workings of the Associated Press system. Before making connections with the Indianapolis division of the Associated Press, the speaker worked in both the New York aiid
Chicago divisions.
Dr, Straus Gires Marital Talk ■
William Rohlmeyer Speaks At Poultry Club Meeting
About twenty-five persons attended a meeting of the Poultry club last night in the Poultry Building. The program consisted of a talk by William Kohlmeyer, extension specialist in tfle poultry department, and a report of the work that has been done thus far on the Purdue Egg Show, which will be held this spring. Refreshments [were served.
Dr. Elizabeth K. Straus, of the Cook County hospital, Chicago, discussed “The Physiology of Marriage”, before senior co-eds last night in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The talk was the first in a series of four marital talks for senior women. Three Parts Dr. Strauss divided her speech into three parts, covering anatomy and physiology, intercourse and pregnancy. In analyzing the anatomical and physiological aspects of marriage she explained special development in both sexes, inters course, conception, birth and year’s period after birth, and presented diagrams of the male and female genital oi-gans. Stresses Physiological Side She stressed only the physiological side of intercourse as the psychological aspect will be covered in a later lecture. Her discussion of pregnancy was made up almost entirely of explanations of diagrams. Dr. Stiaus conducted an open foi-um after her speech. She also read and answered questions contained in a list compiled by the students.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
Pi Kappa Phi announces the pledging of L, D. Phelps of Port Wayne. '
M.
j
ssiiiMember of National Ck>Uesre Presa Association, Biar Tm Editorirf ^sociiation ExcInsiTelr Bepreoented by National Advertisingt Seirice, Iiic. 420 Madison Avenne, New Yorfe City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by 11, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year ; sold fay single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 6088
MAIN QFFICB^12 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Bditor-in-Chief„ .Managine: Editor:. Associate Editors..
EDIYOBIAL STAFF „ „
H. V. Houser .0. H. Campbell
A. M, Chasteen, G. M.: Haidin, W. T. Hunt, E. H. Morris, M. G. Walther
... JU. E, Hays
D. F. Mull, B. H. Walpole. L, D. Wood
Sports Editor.
A^ociate Sports Editors .......if. ^u,.,
Sophomore Assistants......................^ A. Barnette, J. E: Brock, K. L. Cnfab; A. H. Forster, V C. Harper, Jr., M. Kohr, R. P. Manion, D. M. Meacham, C. L. Sadler
G. F: Boquemore, B. C. Schenck, J. L. VonHara
Bold and Black Editor....- ...W. B. Abbott
' Business Manager.. Advertising Manager.. Advertising Assistants,.
BUSINESS STAFF ^ ^ W. A. Koch ..H. F. Antonini .VU H. Brown, R. Creek, D. C. Miller
Editor..
Associate Editors. Sophomore Assistants
Advertising Manager..
WOMEN’S STAFF , Joyce Williams "Selen Creech, Edna Hutson, Klen Mann
.....Jean Brown, Jean Soehner Marjorie Louis, Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke, Esther Turley
..Josephine Perkins
Thursday, February 13,1936.
Issue Editor—C. Harper, Jr.
It Is So. Foolish . Every year about this time, excitement reaches its height among a certain group of students concerning who will be elected to act as a dance committee for the Junior Prom . and once in a great while someone becomes anxious about the outcome of Gala Week elections. To those involved, the com-: motion is all very interesting, but to look back with a perspective on the excitement and recollect all the “politicianing”, the group maneuvering, the electioneering, etc., it must seem like a bunch of children having much to do about nothing The limelight is very comfortable to those who soek to get in the public eye, but in the normal course of a lifetime, campus elections will foe shadowed by so many events of real importance that they will appear grossly inconsequential. At the Student Senate meeting last night the old rules concerning electioneering were re-adopted. Upperclassmen will remember a very unfortunate circumstance that occurred l^t year when a lot of ballyhoo pointed to an improper election and the ballots were thrown out. It was another of those events that could be headed, “Much to do about nothing”. In order to prevent a reoccurance, candidates are urged to stay out of the Union Building today. This would eliminate complications that might cast reflections.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
Americanism—-A La Legion
(The Ohio State Lantern) That great defender of the common man, the great consti-tution-saving organization, the American Legion, claims a great victory in the passage of the bonus bill. Probably no group of men in the country has a greater right to the $2,000,000,000 involved than the veterans . . . but was this the time to pay it? The contract called for its payment in 1945. The American Legion is so American that it would risk its country’s neck for two billion dollars ... what if the credit of the United States is impaired ? What if it means more taxes for the non-veteran? What if it means inflation? The American Legion has had its cut . , . how let . America worry.
Rehabilitatioii Conference Ends Approximately one hundred farm management and home economic supervisors, members of the state rehabilitation staff, attended informal discussions held yesterday that marked the closfe^ of the two-day conference held by the rural rehabilitation division of the Resettlemen Administration at the University. L. E. Sawyer, Champaign, 111., regional section chief in charge of the land utilization division, opened the morning meeting by giving an explanation of the program of the land utilization division. Following Mr. Sawyer, P. G. Beck, also of Champaign, 111., regional section in charge of rural resettlement, addressed the conference on the program of his division; Other speakers of the morning were: Dr. E. C. Young, of the farm management department, and H. E. Young, director of garden and food conservation of the governor’s commission on unemployment relief. ; The afternoon sessions featured table conferences by the rural rehabilitation supervisors, explaining technicaT instructions to the staff. Among the. numerous activities of the rehabilitation division are: aiding farmers to organize their farm management programs to insure the maximum efficiency of farms and equipment, and the rehabilitation of farmers who are experiencing difficiilties with their farm and home planning. The conference ended with a general discussion of the rural rehabilitation program for 1936, led by W. E. Johns, of Lafayette, assistant regional director in charge of rural rehabilitation.
Seventy-three nationalities are represented among the 8,800 students at Boston University.
PIA May Sponsor Two Dance Classes , If enough independent students sign up for the advanced dancing class being sponsored by the Purdue Independent Association, two divisions of the class will be made, one to be held on Thursday evening as previously announced and the other to be held on sonrte other evening. The classes will be held in Allen’s ballroom and are planned for students who can already dance and who wish to improve their technique. The lessons provided at the dancing classes are ordinarily priced at six dollars, but they will be offered to P. I. A. members for half that price. According to a recent report from the P. I. A. office, a number of young ladies have signified their intentions of enrolling, so men planning to attend will not lack feminine partners. Students who wish to enroll in the class, but can not attend on Thursday evenings, are asked to state what evening they can attend. Lieut. Kreml Returns Lieut. Franklin M. Kreml, safety specialist on the University engineering staff, returned Monday from Bridgeport, Conn., after two weeks there spent in installing an accident prevention bureau in the police department of that city. In addition to installing the bureau and arranging for its operation, Lieut. Kreml trained 33 members of the police department in accident prevention. Lieut. Kreml was organizer and head of the accident prevention bureau of the Evanston, 111., police department before coming to the University on a year’s leave of absence tp organize the safety work to be conducted under the University safety institute.
Title: Bold & Black. Purpose; Get Akbo(t in jaih. Method; We can’t say enough in one column. Destoiptioh of Plant; One SAE—-Build-up: ■ ■ 1. You can please all of the people some of the time, and none of the people most of the time, so—-if you don’t like our column, go get Brownie to put egg in your beer.** 2. The Stork just left the Pi Phi house. Don’t be alarmed. Boilermakers—it’s just the name of their national officer. 3. Scene around town: a. Blazer without Johnny M a 11 h e w s (Advertisement). b. Leon Dailey without a pool cue. c. That party of six beginning Saturday afternoon and ending Sunday morning with one girl being embarrased and everybody . .. trucking. 4. Personal to B. Barnett (Small town girl who came to big city). Did you know Jim Hudgeons has a new car? 6. What Pi Phi recently crowned with a pin is going to the Triad without the heart interest ? 6. Editorial; He who refuses to console himself with the kisses the girls will give, because of those he can not get, is mad entirely. 7. “It’s not the men in your life that counts,” says Benny. “It’s the life in your men.” 8. Gals with possibilities: Any co-ed from Northwestern, Illinois, Wisconsin (let’s have a party) and our more prominent Eastern girls’ schools. The Beta prefers Smith, but the SAE will take a little Vassar. 9. Who is giving our little “Hopie” the biggest build-up— . “Hagie” or “Hopie” ? 10. What happened to “Kaintucky” Wynn, the life of last year’s party? Conclusions: How does it feel to read a good clean column ? You will be privileged to hear from us again if our public demands a repeat. **There are no Delta Gammas at Purdue-—Damn it! But then there are Phi Psis. ****Notice Junior Mechanicals: Save this! It’s a model C. E. 49 report!
Tryouts for Sigma Delta Psi will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the gymiiaSiuin rboin of the boyb’ gym. D. D. McGlorrhick,^ presibfeht; of the local chapter^ “nil be on hafid to cheek the applicants:‘'in the entrance teste. These tryouts will be open to nnyohe who desires chance to makb this athletic honorary, ■: ^ " The tryouts will be continued every Thursday afternoon from to 6 o’clock. Five fraternity partL cipation points will be awarded for; each man qualifying, by performing the required teste. The national officers of Sigma Delta Psi have approved a three dollars certificate membership for all new members. Events inciuded in tests for qualification are: 100 yard in 11 and three-fifths seconds. 120 yard low hurdles ih 16 seconds. Running high jump at 6 feet. Running broad jump at 17 feet. Putting the shot (16 pounds) 30 feet. 20 foot rope climb in 12 seconds. Throwing baseball 260 or the javelih 130 feet. . Punting a football 120 feet oh the fly. 100 yard swim in 1:45 minutes. 1 mile run in 6 minutes. Tumbling—Front hand-spring. Tumbling—Front hand-spring; hand-stand for 10 seconds; fencevault, height at chin. ' Posture (erect cairiage). Scholarship.
-f
> 4
4 4
7:00-
4 4
4 4 4 4 4 4 4 BASKETBALL 4 4 4 4 4 4 4
i Today Court 1, Hutt
Theta Chi vs. Kappa Delta
Rho, “B”.
7:15—Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon “B”. 8:26—Ward 8 or 16 vsfl Ward 4. Court 2, Scrivnor 7:00—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta “B”. 7:15—-Triangle vs. Phi Kappa Psi
“B”.
8:25—-Phi Kappa vs. Kappa- Sigma
“B”.
8:40—Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Del
ta Theta “A”.
Court 3, Fields -Sigma Chi vs. Lambda Chi
Alpha “B”.
Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Sigma Kappa “B”. 8:25—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma
Nu “B”. WBAA
'Caii you reafly talk througli a wire?” people still asked when this , telephone switchboard went into service back in 1881. ©.Apparatus was crude—service limited —-hut the idea was right. It took hold in spite of ridicule. Today lliere are more than IS^OOOjOOO telephones in the Bell System—^telephone conversations average .60,000',000 dafly —the service is faster and clearer than ever. C Telephone growth and improvement will go on. For Bell System men and women work constantly toward one goal; enabling yoii to talk to anyone, anywhere, anytime* .
7:00-
7:15-
P. E. Stiidmts To HdH Game Mixer Tomorrow All University students, who are majoring in physical education, are invited to a game mixer in the Women’s Gymnasium tomorrow evening from 7:30 to 10 o’clock. The co-eds are acting as hostesses to the eds, who will be entertained with games of badminton, deck tennis, darts, volleyball and shuffleboard. Miss Veronica Brady, a member of the physical education department, will act as chaperon. The function is in charge of Louanna Thompson, with Georgia Halstead and Virginia Halstead overseeing the equipment for the games. Dates for the affair are not in order.
Today 11::00—Business and Professional Talk. Prof. Lull. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—;Music by Biley Shuttleworth. 12:16—Orval Wray’s Orchestra. 12:30—Von and Rex Gallion. 12:46—Civic Agencies. 1:00—^Musical Memories. 1:16—Howard Keenan, pianist. 1:30—The 'Treasure: Chest. 1:46—Pinal Markets. 2:00—Home Economics. Prof. Hazelton. 2:00—English Literature. Prof. Greek. 2 :30—-Don Bowden, tenor. 2 :46:—^Music by the W. P. A.
Only once in 30 years has the Princeton cooperative store failed to pay a 10 per cent dividend.
Risk Dental Clliitc PAULA-'MSK ROBERT G. BISK HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A. BISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701 Comer 4th and Main
UMA Today - Friday - Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE
and
Fumily
Today - Friday - Saturday
HE FIGHTS TOlHE TINISH..!
try to conquer Ills / courage—and meet with disaster..!
EPISOr>F 8
Pi PM Grand Secretary ¥!slts Local Chapter House Mrs. Nita Hill Stark, grand secretary of Pi Beta Phi sorority, has been visiting the local chapter this week. Mrs. Stark, who is from Orange, Texas, has been visiting other chapters in the state for the past two weeks. A formal dinner was given in her honor by the active chapter and pledges last night.
FRESHMEN! The Valenmtine Tea Dance is real soon. Have a shampoo and finger wave at KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO Be a real valentine and charm your favorite man!' Also call 7727 and inquire about our special Thursday co-ed rates.
TODAY ONLY
Plus COMEDY CARTOON NEWS
LAST TIMES TODAY “RENDEZVOUS” also “LAWLESS RIDERS”
, Lafayette welcomes three hours of entertainment that took three centuries to make. Max Reinhart’s Production of
' Cast of 1,000 4 Performances Only FrU Sat Fek^ M-IS Premiere for Benefit of Lafayette Little Theater Association All seats reserved MARS Mats.: 65c to $1.10 Eve.; 55c to $1.65 Mail and Phone Orders Accepted
FRIDAY Shows at 2:15-8:16 SATURDAY at 2:16-9:00 NOTE—Show starts at 9:00 o’clock Saturday night—after basketball game.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers')l f^'i T^’■i5}>f
1,., I f . V , ^
#?< 5^Ht f*. VjH
/ ^ Jr (' " ' J" ( tr i. r- 1 „ ^ ( , ^ i J I f .1
tfi ■%‘^ tf j J>f / The PuRptrE Exjpone:
h f
"i:' ';”'
> / ^ ■
' £ i
\i \
?l„.
rf, »aiS",#f»f«
fi a 'i' <''
%
A
i)?!* I
t
f>
EHT
'‘ipr £hS.
V K** I#’
Golden Glove Tourney Features Knockodts
University Boxers Win]^ ^ , Five Bouts Before ^ Satui-day Set As Fmrf ^ r* J Hate For Debns Sale
Capacity Crowd
S. R. Griffiths, Jr. A general tendency to measure length on the canvas marked the majority of the bouts held last night m the semi-final matches of the Golden Gloves boxing tournament, sponsored by the Lafayette Post of the American Legion. Out of the twenty-five matches fought before a capacity crowd in the Lafayette Armory, ten were knockouts. Purdue entered eight men m the bouts and ended the contest with five winners. J. W. Steelman, 118 pounder, knocked out his opponent in the second round. In the 126 pound class, Carl Mann won a decision over Clyde Hall, of Crawfordsville. Later in the evening, he fought and won a second match with Thane Shearer, of Remington. The third Purdue winner was Gerald Dix, a 136 pounder, who won a decision over Mel Klopfenstein. Bacharach Wins Steven Bacharach, fighting in the 147 pound division won a decision over Alvin Grayton, of Stockwell. Sportsmanship was an outstanding characteristic of all the bouts, decisions being taken with a grin—^win or lose. Winners of other bouts include Carl Kern, Crawfordsville, and Ronald Dibley, Lafayette. W. R. Record, heavyweight, ko’d C. Lowe, Andia. Lester Douglas, Crawfordsville; Parker Elston, Remington, and Carl Rettzo, Lafayette (knockout) in the 126 pound division; Carl Hamilton, Lafayette; Harold Ford, Lafayette (l^nockout) in the 136 pound class. In the higher weight divisions the winners were Joe Cook, Lafayette; Bob Wall, Lafayette, (knockout); Ray Graff, Remington, (knockout); Wade Stephens, Andia, (knockout), and George Stephens, Andia. The final bouts for this Golden Gloves series will be held next Wednesday night in the Lafayette Armory and tickets may be obtained through Legion^ires or Rapp and Klein’s m Lafayette.
ROTC Boxers Enter Round 2 Finalists Will Meet In Armory At Regular Corps Drill Feb. 25 University corps boxers received new impetus yesterday as the tourney moved into the second round when it was announced that the finalists would fight during regular corps formation of February 26th. A ring will be set up in the center of the Armory floor and the final ists will fight for the titles in the various weights. The second round bouts will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the gym. Members of the corps de siring to enter the tournament may still do so by reporting for matching in the first round bouts this afternoon.
Saturday, February 16, is the deadline set for sales of the Debris at $4.60. The Debris office will be open after 4 p. m. each afternoon this week and from 8 a. m. until 8 p. m. Saturday to take orders. Books will be sold for $6 after this time tip to March 10, after which date none can be sold due to the
University activity ruling.
Debris officials urge students to take advantage of the $4.60 price and not be among the “I wish I had bought a Debris before . . .” group. Purchaers who wish to give credit to sophomore salesmen may do so by signifying their desire in the office. A. A. Siebenthal, H. Pforzheifner, Bearse and Humphreys are leading the sales among the sophomores at present. Emily Tubbs, Mary Jean Light, Mary Alice Masters and Mary Hammond are lead-
ing the co-ed sales force.
MARS TO SHOW— (Continued from page 1) taming the higher price ranges, The entire balcony will be the 66 cent section for the evening per-
formances.
The picture is a Warner lirothers’ production, including a cast of more than one thousand. The show will never retuifn to the city in its present full length form.
Graduate courses in automobile traffic control will be offered by
Harvard next year.
Boilermakers Meet Purple Quiutet Sat. Lambert 111; Freshman Teams WiU Play Preliminary Game Resuming their steady campaign for the Big Ten conference crown on their home floor the Boilermaknetmen will play hosts to the Wildcat quintet of Northwestern Saturday night in Jeff gym. Prom now on the Lambertmen will be pointing their best efforts to come out on the top of the heap over Indiana. To do so it seems likely at present that they will have to complete the season with an unblemished record in conference competition and hope that Indiana will be toppled over by one of her remaining opponents. The two Hoosiei; rivals are not scheduled to meet this year due to the rotating schedule system used in the Big Ten. “Piggy” 111 Some concern was felt last evening over the absence of “Piggy” Lambert from practice because of a cold. Although the Boilermaker mentor is not seriously ill, his doctor urged him to remain in bed for a day or so. The varsity drill session yesterday was m charge of “Dutch” Pehring, freshman coach. It IS believed that Coach Lambert will be able to resume command of his charges Saturday night at the
game.
FresluEiaiiL Game As an added feature, a preliminaiy game between two teams chosen from the freshman squad will be played before the main attraction.
Gum<‘Chewing At Minnesota And Purdue Gum-chewing pupils in a speech class at the University of Minnesota had a gala time recently when one of their classmates provided them all with sticky of chewing gum. This distribution was occasioned by a remark from the instructor. He said that gum-chewers should not chew in solitude, l^ut should bring enough gum for the whole class. One of the pupils, who evidently had determined to chew his gum at any expense, furnished each member of the class with a stick of the luscious chicle. Purdue has its gum-chewing classes, too. Anyone who has been in class with fullback Johnny Drake knows that he never misses an opf
pdrtunity tb supply his classmates^ With Beechnut guffi 6r fruit drupe which he distributes for adverfasing purposes.
Lithograpb Given To Home £e School The Carl Schurz Memorial Foundation recently presented the applied design department of the school of home economics, a lithograph by Kaethe Kollwitz. The
lithograph is entitled ‘^Mother
Siccing Boy”, and is hanging
the art classroom. It is the picture StfM
that the students yoted ds thdrl' favorite of an exhlMi of GermdBP*
rii-wii
originals last year, I Applied design students of the ^ University %re now engaged in Oi"^i iginating designs to he submitted in a contest for the Big Ten Art Exhihit, These designs are for smds which can be attached to all works of art displayed at the University
of Iowa.
This year’s yearling group contains several Hoosier high school luminaries of last winter who show promise of maintaining the Purdue reign of supremacy in hardwood circles. The freshman squad is composed of twenty men, the final cut having been made two weeks ago.
QiiCK PICK-UP FOB IBEP EYES Want to give your , eyesalift?UseMur!ne. Soothing, refreshing to hot, tired, reddened eyes. Great for eyes irritated by readfng, dust, wind, smoke, or light glare. Use it daily. f/B/AE. ""EvtS
LOWERS iijii for Valentine IIV] will convey to ||)r Mother ||(;| or Sweetheart ||\!i just the message lllil you wish to send. We Telegraph Flowers CLARK FLORAL CO
Phone 5432
527 Main Street
I iiiiiiiiiniiiiint II iimmnimin nil tiumiim muiitiiiiiiiiiiiMMuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii ti
MniininiiHmiiuiitiuttmit iiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiimmumtiuimmtiiimmimmiimmtmiromimniirmimiinmniuimiiitnTHE PERFECT MACHINELESS •‘NEW I^AY*’ jPexmiaiteiitt Waves No machioes and no dlectricily. ITiis is the new way which is safest, coolest and smartest. MINETTES BEAOTY SHOP Rear of SHAVING KIDS BARBER SHOP Phone 2067 327 State Street
in boxing or wreetung for inir^tnurai carnival, sign up on the lnt:painarai bulletin board as soon as possible. '* f —HABSlIj'roN. Radio dub—Meeting tonight at 7:16 in room 2, Uhion. Mr. O. Eu Stedman will speak. Also important busin'^s -WEPPIiER.
Open Swimall women.
-Tonight from 7 ;30 to 9 for —ELLIS.
Kappa Psi—Meeting in Pharmacy Building at 7:80 tonight. —VAUGHAN.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—^Por sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Squash Rackets Restrung, 24hour service. Best grade of gut and silk strings, also steel. Carl Strasser, 1710 Everett St., Phone 7332.
THE’,
For Rent—Desirable room with board, $25 per month. Meals, 14 for $3.75 or 21 for $4.50. Phone 4413.
For Rent—Single room, 330 Lutz Ave. 1 Block from campus, Phone 66023.
Women’s Pan-Hellenic—Meeting today at 4 in women’s lounge. _ —HOEFEK. Co-ed Fencing—7, today—^'limberlake, McGuire, Reed, Abbott, Jones, Beichs, Wetzel, Gray, Eastburn, Parks, Haywood, Maier. 7145—White, Means, McCool, Tubbs, Hawkins, Stewart, Pittman, Craig, Wiley, Kernel, Iloe, Rose, Tenneman, Colt, Knapp, Beck, Hogan, Walker, Hagues, Turner. 8:80—Klein, Nelson, Beilke, Humphreys, Hudson, Boehm, Pflughaujit, Shafer, Bosco, Nicholas, Blink, Camerson, Vussin, Harry, Caldwell, Whittinger, Tair, Halstead, Bauer, Rogers. —HANLEY.
Th^ eptire meptingrWad dkttfflM by the tapping and' music of the dhofus practiding for the Student Union show “Oamiita*' in the hall-* room.
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
'n'tEYS , , . fur trunks* door Kodcs, d«dk' dalty. > ‘i , P. Jo$* Mulh^iipt & Solii 209-11 North Fifth 6fre0t ' Phone 2828 V Lafoybtte. tndi
” ‘ 'if Vt i’*' 'Young'I^JiiUu^h theoretical; Old (shoniji tii| pdlpruetichk , ^ i ^icFiAl^D i. BATH ,-1 I , WATCHMAKER ' ,, 608 Main St.
ti''
Molly and Polly
Back number magazines—Ic to 5c. Books. This is Lafayette’s Variety Store—Come in and brouse around. Moore’s Colonial Market.
Discussion Group—On "Contemporary Philosophy” in faculty lounge at 7:8(> this evening. —KUEHN.
Knitting Club—Meeting office at 7.
n the Union —KUEHN.
Lost—Slide rule in Armory with name J. R. Duncan, 27 University St. Reward offered.
Union Workers—The following members of my committee will meet in the sub-base-mento at 4 today. Wright, Fatout, Seaborg, Roquemore, Bateman, Schlandt, Wergant, Fitts, Wetherland, Ford, McKensey, Gillespie, Morehouse, Morehouse. —CLARK
I
Molly and Polly are down town to get some new knickknacks to dress up their ward-
NOTICES No notic«i accepted after 8 p. m.
Camera Club—Meeting in Union ballroom at 7 ‘IS Prof Rising will speak. —SCHOLER.
Freshman Engineers—^Those who tdok surveying last semester may obtain their area calculations at office, room 101, Civil Building. Ihey will not be available later than Saturday, February 16 —TODD.
Freshman Engineers—Meet foi engineering lectures today by divisions as follows: division A—Michael Golden Shops, division B—E E Building, division C—M E Building , division D—C E Building. —KNAPP.
Scrivener—^Meeting tonight at 8 at 116 Sheets St Bring manuscripts. —BLOCKER
m
Attention Reserve Officers—All students excused from basic military training because of commissions in the Reserve Officers’ Corps or because of eligibility for such commissions should get in touch with Maj. Stuart McLeod, headquarters Lafayette military sector, 2nd flooi Post Office Building, Lafayette. MAJOR McLEOD, CAPTAIN HAYFORD.
R. O. T. C. Boxing—The following men must report today ■ L S Phelps, H G Noll, J W Beers, R Bertoncini, G Treadwell, C. W Pacey, J M. Rosenberg, W. R Weller, D. Martin, B. Heine, R. L. McDonald, C L. Stewart, J W. Mazur, R. Both, R. Trcka, M. F. Kupke, D. C Forburger, H H. Moses, R Bostwick, H. B. Simerly, W R. Scott, J. R Boneback, G Craig, L. W. Sink, H. S Place
P. I. A. Advanced Dance Class—Instruction begins tonight at 7 :80 Those desiring course sign up at Allen’s ballroom between 7 and 7:30 —DIETERICH.
Union Workers—The following members of my committee will meet in the Union office today at 4: Poor, Markel, Hallam, Spring, Hamilton, McLeod, Keeley, Wynn, Ritchey, Holtman, Best. —GRIMM
Union Workers—^The following members of my committee will meet in the sub-base-ment at 4 today: Jewett, Thompson, Westermeier, Scholle, Beggs, McGrane, Bush, Sheetz, McLeod, Keeley, Ritchey, Wynn, Holtman —JUMP.
Union Workers—The following members of my committee will meet in the sub-base-ment today at 4 Gibson, Pforzheimer, Favorite, Reith, Meriam, Bi attain, Hess, Roper —QUIGGLE.
SENATE— (Continued from page 1) the Purdue-Ohio State basketball game, February 3. Stanley Wirth proposed the securing of amplifiers from the electrical engineering department and having someone to talk to students at the games. V. R. Butz recommended action through campus fraternities as suggested by Pres. E. C. Elliott at the last meeting of the Senate. President Frank Stone concluded the session with a report of the eleventh annual convention of the National Student Federation of America held at Kansas City, Missouri, December 27-31. At his pioposal, the Senate voted in favor of being host to east-central district convention of the federation again
robe. They stop at HAYS’ to get some of that new costume jewelry that everyone is going mad about. It makes an old dress look like new! Now they go to THE FASHION to get one of those cocky looking spring hate. Molly _ wants a smal pan-cake affair with a veil, while Polly wants one of those mannish hate to go with her new tailored suit. Molly and Polly both have to hurry to KIENLY’S BEAUTY STUDIO to get a shampoo and finger wave because they are going to the Valentine Dance. They take advantage of the co-ed rates every Thursday. Ph. 7727 622 Main
Next they go to HINEAS’ STUDIO to have their pictures taken, because Molly is go-
ing to exchange pictures with her boy-friends for Valentine’s Day and she wants to go where the best work is
done.
What’s What in 1936 Evening Clothes
If you’re wearing full dress—you MUST have the correct units to make up a perfect ensemble. It is the little things make all the difference — and -that is where we specialize. Come in—we have a large selection of men’s wear that is RIGHT and REASONABLE IN PRICE.
White Pique Ties ... Black Ties Dress Stud, Link Sets Dress Shirts .. , Dress Suspenders ... . Waist Coats Tuxedo Shirts, collar attached
Geisler's
8iil®s©Filie f®p The Expememt
Union Workers^—There will be a meeting of my committee m the sub-basement at 4 today Conway, Pultz, Simonton, Bills, Blown, Cross, Schaffer, Ciaig, Suari, Poor Markel, Hallam, Spring, Hamilton. —PUGH
We carry a full line of Arrow Shirts. SOUTHWORTH’S
Freshman Men—^Who have signed up for Union will be notified of their comnjittees in Tuesday’s Exponent in this column —UNION BOARD
Freshman Girls—There will be a meeting of freshman girls in Union ballroom at 4 Monday —UNION BOARD Union Show Chorus—Choruses 1, 2, and 3 will rehearse today at 4 —ANSPACH
Union Workers—Members of my committee will meet at 4 today in the Union office —ANSPACH.
m and well mm4 PHOINiX HOSIERY in tbe new Spring colors To yoyr Vx Nothing will please her better than \XhOENIX hosiery as mime. I^ y©y d© not find c®rNiiy,ent to c®me in p©rs@i |Iecti©n^ fusj^ us . . . it to ©ur judgment to select proper new colors in correct Tliread -Weiglit
*195
per pah
LOEB fielHENE CO. 65 Years on the Square
if /