Dads Will Dance Tomorrow
gangs of freshmen had invaded fraternity houses and the University Library in search of senior mustaches. Flourish Ballbats At the threat of flourished fraternity ball bats, Cary Hall frosh, poorly organized, disbanded. Most of them did not even know what it was all about. Common remarks heard in the crowd were: “I never saw so many people not doing anything. What's it all about The evening’s embryo battle ended when the two gangs clashed in front of the Civil Engineering building and the Cary Hall freshmen retreated. Final touch to the disbandment of both sides was the appearance of West Lafayette police who threatened to call state police. Small groups of four and five continued patroling the campus and surrounding vicinity for some time, however. Radio Club Chooses New Vice-President At Meeting At a meeting of the Amateur Eadio Club in the Electrical Engineering building, W. J. Pitcher was elected to fill the vacancy left when H. R. Patterson resigned as vicepresident. H. R. Eckert was made publicity manager and Phillip Freed was appointed secretary. M. T. Gannon of the Electrical Engineering staff spoke on “Field Strength Measurements.” The next club meeting will be held October 31 in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering building at 7:30 p. m. The club features “The Amateur Roundtable,” a program for amateur operators, over WBAA every Thursday afternoon at 4:15. WRH Co-eds . . . will entertain Cary Hall men today from 4:30 to 8:30 p. m. at a picnic supper which will be served on the lawn of WRH South. Last Thursday, half of the Cary .Hall members were entertained at a similar picnic. Following the supper the guests will dance to music provided by recordings in the North and South Halls.
McYey Appointed Farm Director For Experiment Station President Elliott yesterday announced lihe appointment of Warren M. McVey, former instructor in animal husbandry here, and former county agricultural agent in Jasper county, to the directorship of outlying experimental farms of the University experiment station. McVey, who assumes office on January 1, succeeds Dean Harry J. Reed, who served as farm director in addition to his duties as assistant director of the agricultural experiment station, before he was named head of all agricultural work. Ohio State Grad New farm head is a graduate of Ohio State University and has had wide experience in the field of agriculture. McVey farmed his own land for several years in Ohio, served te^er as a county agent, and for the last few years has been in charge of loans and farm management for an insurance company at the Crawfordsville office. Playshop Laboratory Group To Hold Tryouts Tryouts will be held Sunday, October 22, at 2:30 p. m. for the Lab*oratory Group plays. The group plans to present two plays, the first of which will be given on November 10. Both male and female parts need to be filled and also a stage crew is needed. The plays to be presented will be announced Friday or Satux’day. The place of the tryouts will also be announced at that time. Chuck Hart will manage the group. Prof. T. E. Shaw . .. University extension forester, has been granted a leave of absence for study at Yale University. While at Yale he will visit several important forestry experiments in/ the East.
Purdue Exponent
.. . . night to the music of Vincent Lopez and his internationally famous orchestra at the annual Dad’s Day mixer in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 o’clock. Dads, who do not enjoy the modern “in the groove swing” that the kids at college crave, will enjoy waltzing to the “Suave Swing” of the famous maestro. Admission will be the usual dollar.
Cary Hall Frosh Retreat In Face Of Senior Clubs Freshman-senior mustache battle took a new turn last night as forces split and fraternity men banded together in front of the Union to drive Cary Hall freshmen from the scene of action. Approximately 50 fraternity men came equipped with ball bats and paddles in response to an alleged plea from the Student Union officials for help; that the Cary Hall frosh were damaging Union property. The report proved to be false when Union officials explained that the Cary Hall men who are temporary residents in the Union building had shaved senior mustaches, but there had been no vandalism, other reports stated that large »... mu i i i
Z-lt5
Volume SL No. 34 Beveridge Speech Contest Finals To Take Place At 7:30 Seven freshmen will battle verbally this evening for first place honors in the twelfth annual Beveridge speech contest. The final round is scheduled to start at 7:30 in the Duncan lecture room of the Electrical Engineering building. The seven finalists, winners froto the original 60 who entered the preliminary rounds held Tuesday afternoon are: William Swager, Maurice Udes, Albert Katz, Jordon McCarty, David Hudelson, Robert Weiss, and Donald Brophy. Speakers will keep the same topics they used in the preliminary round, the single change being that the length of the speech will be increased to seven minutes instead of five as was done in the preliminary round. Winner of firsir place will receive permanent possession of the Hays award while the organization whose members compile the greatest number of points in the contest will have its name engraved on the Ankeny cup. Peace Fellowship Presents Ganong “War Prosperity, Good or Bad,” will be the topic of Dr. C. K. Ganong tonight in the Union faculty lounge at 7:30. The talk is sponsored'by the Purdue Peace Fellowship as a part of its program to arouse interest in the question of American peace. Dr. Ganong came to the University from the University of Kalamazoo. He received his doctor’s degree at the University of Wisconsin. The fellowship plans to present in conjunction with the Wesley Players the jilay “If This Be Treason” on November 6. They also are planning the annual Armistice Day dinner to be held on November 10. Recognition Ribbons For Frosh Women Go On Sale Tonight Green recognition ribbons for freshman women will go on sale fonight. Gold Pepper officials announced yesterday. The student staff at WRH will sell these hair bows for five cents and Friday they will be sold at a table outside the Sweet Shop in the Union. If any freshman women are wearing hats, these ribbons can be pinned on their coats. Saturday morning the Gold Pepper actives will sell gold balloons for 10 cents and chrysanthemums for 50 cents. Fraternities and sororities who want to order balloons call Libby Barmes at WRH by Friday night. The order will be delivered to their house Saturday morning. Science Seniors Vainly Conspire “You’re absolutely right. We’ve got to fix him and those stooges of
his.”
“This business of perfect ME senior attendance on Cord day— “There’s something wrong somewhere; they all just can’t be there always.” ME counter-espionage agents overheard this conversation from the bushes outside of Heavilon Halt last night. The agents, X4 and X5, were forced to vacate their point of vantage by the arrival of more conspirators. As you have probably guessed by now, the mysterious group consisted of seniors from the science school who hope to win the tin cup for the good Dean Enders. The rest of >the unheard conversation was judged to be plans for the conquest. The science seniors will wait in vain for worried looks to cover the ME faces as it just came out in the wash that' only the engineering schools are eligible for the award.
Hey, Val! Where's Our Protection? Even the Exponent office was invaded by disrespectful freshmen last night, whdn the rhinies broke through the door of Editorial Director Don Terrio’s office and forcibly removed his downy mustache. Fifty green potters stretched Terrio across a desk, and the Exponent staff was powerless to help. Student Union officials Were notified last night that if such a misdemeanor occurs in the future, and Exponent is not given satisfactory protection, this newspaper will cease to pay its rent. Night Editor’s Note: He tried hard. Chinese, Japanese Scholars Will Debate Struggle In Far East Dr. No-Yong Park, distinguished Chinese scholar, will meet Dr. Yutaka Minakuchi, outstanding Japanese orator and writer, in a debate on the situation in the Far East, in the Memorial Gymnasium Monday night at 8 o’clock. This is the second University convocation of the year. Dr. Park holds a doctor of philosophy degree from Harvard and is on the lecture staff of the University of Minnesota. Dr. Minakuchi was educated at the University of North Carolina and Yale, and the graduate school of Oberlin. For the past nine years he has been pastor of a church in Vermont. All passports and season tickets will be honored Monday night as Drs. Park and Minakuchi will only be here one night. This debate should enable students to obtain a vivid, first-hand picture of the struggle for power and freedom in Eastern Asia. Co-ed Debaters Hold Initial Squad Meeting In a meeting for co-ed debater^ held yesterday at 4 p. m. in room 301 of University Hall, 10 tentative members of this year’s co-ed debate squad, four of them veterans of last season and six newcomers, discussed plans for this semester’s activity with Coach L. S. Winch. Plans for this semester consist largely of a group of open forum discussions in which two or four members of the squad will present their ideas on the question to the audience and answer questions from the floor. The question to be discussed is: “Should Anti-Demo-cratic Organizations Be Suppressed in the United States?” YWCA Will Hold First Open Meeting Today YWCA will hold its first open meeting in the women’s lounge in the Union this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Dr. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school, will speak to the group on “Campus Traditions.” All freshman women are urged to attend the meeting. Chairmen of the committees will explain the type of work expected of their own committee. Those interested in YWCA work may sign up for their preferred committee at this time. Zouaves Pledge Thirty-one At Formal Meeting Tuesday At a formal meeting Tuesday evening, the University Order of Zouaves pledged 31 new members to their organization. Cadet Col. Frank Hurst, captain of the squad, presided oVer the meeting and L. V. Teeter, junior mechanical engineer, was elected first lieutenant of the organization to fill the office left vacant when schedule difficulties forced R. W. Huffman to become inactive. The squad will start training tomorrow evening for a drill to be given in the Union on Dad’s Day.
thatuday. Octohet 19, 19^ Aerial Bombs To Set Off Pep Session Tomorrow Dunshee To Lead Yells From Union Balcony After Jalopie Parade Around Campus At 7 Contrary to custom and precedent, the Michigan State game pep session will be held at 7 p. m. tomorrow in front of the Union instead of in the usual place on Stuart Field. Led by the band, the group will march once around the campus and return to the Union for the rest of the session. There, from a second story balcony, head cheer leader Bill Dunshee will direct student cheers.
Dad's Day Luncheon Scheduled Saturday At 11:45 In Ballroom Annual Dad’s Day luncheon will be one of the high lights of Saturday’s program being planned for the Dads by the Student Union. The luncheon will start at 11:45 in the ballroom of the Union and definitely end at 1 o’clock or before in order to give the fathers ample time to see the parade and get to the game. Everyone is invited to attend. During the lunch Alice Janne Miller will play the harp, and following the meal the Glee Club, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, University music director, will sing appropriate songs. Immediately after the dinner. President E. C. Elliott, Paul Royster, president of the Purdue Dad’s Association, and Paul Cooper, president of the Student Union, will give short talks. Tickets will go on sale Saturday morning at 8 o’clock in the Great Hall of the Union at 75 cents each. There are 500 tickets available and will be sold first come first served. Dr. Blanchard Will Address AChS At 7:30 Tonight On 'Volatile Metal Carbonyls' Dr. A. A. Blanchard, professor of chemistry at Massachusetts InstitTute of Technology, will address the opening meeting of the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society tonight at 7:30 in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. The subject of the speech will be “The Volatile Metal Carbonyls.” Dr. Blanchard, who is a graduate of MIT, also studied at the University of Leipzig where he received his PhD. He has done significant work in his field and is co-author of “Foundations of Chemistry” as well as frequent contributions to scientific and educational journals. Preceding the meeting Dr. Blanchard will lie entertained at a dinner in the Union.
Aerial Bombs As usual. Reamers and Gimlets are sponsoring the fracas. Gimlets announced last night that they have procured several large aerial bombs to arouse the populace of the fact that tonight the Boilermakers are doing a war dance. One will be set off at 6:45 and another at 7 to announce the beginning of the parade. A1 Stewart and his Glee Club will be present to help the untutored in their singing of the glorious school anthems. Quote Mr. Dunshee Dunshee said last night in an unusually excited tone of voice even for the head cheerleader, “Let’s make the Michigan State pep session a yowling success! Everybody turn out Friday night at 7.” Board Of Trustees Accepts Loan Fund Gifts At Meeting University Board of Trustees held its regular monthly meeting in the Executive building yesterday afternoon. David E. Ross, chairman, announced that the trustees accepted several gifts and afterwards made a tour of new construction work on the campus underway or completed. The following student loan fund gifts were accepted: Indiana Home Economics Association, $308; Indiana Federation of Clubs, $74; Junior Program Loan Fund, $35.40. A photograph of John Purdue was also accepted. It was the gift of Miss Geraldine Kindig, of Indianapolis. A report given on employment of June graduates as of October 1 showed 82 per cent employed, with nearly all in fields of work for which they were trained while in the University. Thomas H. Beck . . . president of the Crowell-Col-lier Publishing Company, and editorial director of Colliers, will spend today and tomorrow on the campus, giving a series of conferences to publication staffs and students. He will tour the campus inspecting instruction and research facilities.
Frances Rich Returns To Put Finishing Touches On Reliefs
By Georgia Carroll
Back to supervise the finishing touches on the six has reUef murals above the Union building front entrance is Frances Rich, youthful designer of these carvings. The figures, which will be unveiled in about three weeks, are the result of two years’ work by Miss Rich and Jon Jonsson, sculptor.
Before selecting the scenes which now appear on the stone blocks. Miss Rich submitted numerous sketches to committees made up of University-officials and trustees as well as heads of campus activities. Final decisions were difficult to make siilfce there were only six slabs of stone on which to represent typical and balanced university life.
Question of Fashions
Due to the permanency of the carvings Miss Rich had to overcome the problem of changeable fashions and clothe the figures in styles conservative enough to be correct dress for future years. In order to get around this obstacle women’s gowns were made long and flowing and men’s attire suitably dignified. The designs were then drawn in relation to the rectangular blocks on which
they were to be carved and in consideration of the architecture of the
Union building.
“I liked the campus and the students the first time I came to West Lafayette, and each return trip has been more enjoyable,” sai^^'Miss Rich last night following the lecA ture and movies of her work which she presented to girls living in thL
Women’s Residence Halls.
For two years Miss Rich studied in Paris under Malvina Hoffman, world famous sculptor. She now has a studio of her own located in Detroit. Notable among Miss Rich’s work is the memorial statue to army and navy nurses which was erected in Arlington Cemetery in
Washington, D. C.THE PtTRDUE EXPONENT
thiirsdayf October 19f 1939
Jinudjif JoJUl Student Ushers ... at Purdue football games have maintained a fairly high degree of efficiency in previous years, although a few criticisms have been raised against Purdue by customers who were misseated at gridiron contests in Ross-Ade Stadium. Last night Prof. G. E. Lommel held a meeting for ushers and policemen in the Fieldhouse, in an attempt to create a better service for the public. Ushers were given preliminary instructions and assigned to their sections; policemen were named to their duties. Graduate students and instructors only are serving as head ushers this year, in the belief that they will bear responsibility for efficient ushering better than a student head usher might. Perfect ushering is based on the principle of “correctly seating the greatest number of people in the shortest possible time.” That is just what Lommel and Student Athletic Association officers are atempting to secure this year, to solve Ross-Ade Stadium ushering problems. In order to properly check-up oii ushers in case a question of salary should arise, all ushers must turn in either their game ticket or passport check, with their name and number marked on the reverse. These will be kept for future reference. If student ushers give Lommel and SAA officials the cooperation which is expected of them and carry out their job as they should, Purdue will see a new high in ushering technique this year.
ed for the occasion. However, no one saw her at the dance . . . B & B Kappa Delta Rho Prexy, BOB TIBBETS, is out of the running now. He pinned WRH SHIRLEY CANNING after a brief courtship which was climaxed at the Gold Digger’s ball. One hour after taking said jewelry, she lost it. Now it’s found. P. S.—A sour rendition of three songs was made under her window Saturday night, as per tradition. B & B The tide has turned. JACK NEWHAGEN and DORIS JANE HENNINGER have decided to call it quits. Jack says he wants to do a little “WOLFIN’,” and Doris says nothing , . . B & B Maybe Chi 0 BONNIE S. would be interested in knowing that JOHNNIE FOUTS, Theta Xi, put his pin on MEREDITH K. . . . and
We just won’t go into what happened yesterday . . . there just wasn’t any B & B in case you didn’t notice. We cut our B & B classes, too. B & B Reminiscences of the Gold Digger’s Brawl: ALICE MARTENS was very embarrassed when she found out that she had forgotten her money. Her boy friend probably didn’t feel too happy either . . . Perennial PEG SHARKEY looked like a million bucks when dress-
Purdue ExponentR. E. Insley Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith Business Manager D. G. Terno Editorial Director G. W. Frederick Managing Editor E. M. Antonini Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins . .Sports Edtior Phones: Editorial, 4005: Business, 5038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. National Advertising Representatives: Nationsd Advertising Service, Ino.. 4Z0 Uadi* son Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint.
LU^ -TODAY - FRI. - SAT.-
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
TOUGH
ON THE HUMAN GORILLAS WHO TERBOBIZED THE TROPICS!
NOW SHOWING Gorgeous Ginger's Comedy Sensation! He's got a million! She’s an angel-face with the devil in eye! What a cyclone tbey turn loose!
WAITER COHHOllV mm tiasoaIe JAiES EUlSON tm «0ir - gAfttCTN AflAMS FRA«Kt1ii PANfiSORN
PLUS 2ND FEATURE SONG-STUDDED SAGA OF THE ^ NORTH!
in the library, too. Goodbye Chi O’s .. . hello Thetas. " B & B . . . and have you heard the new process discovered by the chemists in our laboratories? They make wool of our milk! Gosh! I’ll bet that makes the cows feel sheepish! B & B .. . then there is the new system employed by Bruce Leonard to meet
girls. He swipes pocketbooks and then returns them to the WRH ..at night. B & B Don’t forget the DOUBLE MARS PASS you can win this Saturday for the best CONTRIB between now and then. B & B You missed me-
332 Main
HUMANS TUmteD DEMONS " f$0hfm0 for Blatk OoMi
FREDDIE
IraciirMs
f L’AN DINIHART • MEIVILIE COOPER DOROTHY PETERSON J.M. KERRIGAN
MARS TODAY-FRIDAY
...That Amazin’ Maisie is Back ... in a new wise-cracking romance!
FAST AMP Ftmtous umnsou Starts TODAY
lORKSHIRE McGregor's most famous sweater jacket. A full zipper cardigan with popular belted back and roomy coat sleeves. Two inverted pleat pockets.
$5.00
others from
$2-95 up
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 6477
THE VODER, nicknamed Pedro, is an amazing electrical device which actually talks—the first machine in the world to do that! By pressing keys, singly or in combination, a skilled operator can make Pedro talk in almost human fashion—with varying inflections and in either a man’s or a woman’s voice. The Voder is an outgrowth of fundamental research in speech sounds, articulation and voice reproduction being carried on at Bell Telephone Laboratories. Such studies have led — and will lead—to constantly improving telephone service for you.
i'VA telephone cq][!home would be qppreciqted, Rqfes 'to most points -qre lowest ^ dqySundqy
HM'/'/a"-!-.' -2'\ ^ A- r-M
Thursday. October 19. 1939
£xfu>mnt SfioiiA. fiaqsL
s “ ”
y
7
\T
Greek Cross Country I Men Compete Today
Phi Kappa Sigs Win Greek Golf Crown
County Agent
Competing in the most gruelling of intramural competitions, Greek cross country runners will race in the annual inter-fratemity cross country meet this afternoon. These distance runners will race three times around the Intramural Field, a two and a half mile stretch. Participants are expected to assemble in the Fieldhouse lobby at 4 o'clock to receive numbers. The race will start at 4:20. Each fraternity which has four men finish will be awarded 25 participation points.
Tea Dance
Completing intramural golf competition for the year, new champions have been crowned in six divisions. Phi Kappa Sigma’s fraternity team defeated the Phi Delt combination to annex the interfraternity crown, for the only team competition. W. Knipp defeated D. King to win the championship in the allcampus golf match. Winners have also been de(Jided in four other divisions. R. C. Jones finished at the top of A flight. Jack Coombs took first place in B flight. R. Himes was the winner in D flight. R. Dwyer and J. Stewar will play for the championship of C flight.
... Pershing of Tippecanoe county will speak at the next meWng of the Agricultural Education Society. The society will meet at 7:30 Thursday, October 19, in room 201 of the Education building. Pershing will speak on his activities as a county agent and his relations with vocational agricultural teachers.
The Scorecard
l-M Schedules
SOFTBALI.—Today
Diamond
14—Ward 25 vs. Winner (Ward 6 vs. Ward
15). Adams. 16—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Goldstein. 18—^Winner (Theta Chi vs. Sigma Nu) vs. Winner (Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Chi).
Greey.
. . . immediately following the game Saturday, will be held in the Union ballroom until 5:30. All parents and students are invited to attend.
The Universities of Texas, Oklahoma and California at Los Angeles have been given special Will Rogers Memorial Scholarship funds.
TOUCHBALL—Today Field Official 1— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Triangle. Juillard 2— Cary Hall 13 vs. Ward 14. Kutz 8—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 12. Leppla 4— Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 2. Smithson 5— Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 3. Speidel 6— Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 6. VanHook 7— Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 10. Weijola 8— Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 11. Wltsman
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings
Photographers from Dexhimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, "are taking DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, first door to the left at the top of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 8:00 a. m., each morning. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time and will receive a card through the moil telling the exact time of the sitting.
DEBRIS editors state that it is very important that each senior' report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is impossible for him to be there he should notify the DEBRIS office beforehand and make a different oppointment.
A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictures and is payable at the time the picture is token.
THURSDAY, OCT. 19
8:00 11 :15 1 1 :10 10:15 8:05 8:45 10.45 1 1 :20 10:20 9:15 10:40 10.50 1 :30 8:50 8:10 1 :35 8-15 1 1 ".05 8:55 1 1 :25 1 :40 9:05 8:20 1 :15 I 1 :30 1 :45 1 :50 II :35 10:55 10:00 10 05 8-25 1 1 :40 1 1 :00 1 1 :45 1 :55 4:00 1 1 :50 1 :00 10:10 10:35 1 :05 10:30 2:00 10-25 1 1 :55 4:05 9:30 1 :10 9:35 9:40 1 -.20 9:00 8:30 8.35 2:30 2:35 2:40 4:10 2:45 2:50 9:10 4:15
Bailey, Helen Baker, Frances Balaishis, Ed. J. Baldock, K. Baldwin C. H. Bale, A. G. Baluk, G. Barker, Carolyn Barnes, Elizabeth Barnes, C. M. Barnes, F. R. Baske, R. A Baumie, G. E. Baxter, Virginia Beam, W. M. Beard, A. H. Beck, Virginia Becker, R. C. Beem, F. A. Beier, M. G. Beil, Esther Beir, R. M. Beko, Mary Belfield, A. M. Beman, W. A. Bennett, Ruth Bemis, Loraine Benson, C. Bentley, D. R. Beretta, F. F. Berg, W. F. Bernichson, C. A. Berry, Treva Best, S. G. Bichsel, H. J. Biggerstoff, S. P. Bignall, A. G. Bikin, H. Black, P. O Bland, Robina Blandon, R. A. Blockson, G. A. Bobbitt, B. M. Bodem, Jessie Bogue, E. S. Boksenbom, A. Bonebrake, j. R. Bonner, R. W. Bonnet, C. H. Book, R. L. Bosinger, M. L. Bossong, R. j. ' Bower, W. W. Bown, L. D. Boyce, Margaret Boyd, C. C. Boyd, H. W. Bradley, K. Braithwaite, j. T. Brasaemie, Betty Brassart, Maxine Bratton, Ruth Bredes, C. A.
2:55 8:40 3:30 3:35 9.45 9:20 3:40 3:45 4:20 3:50 3:00 2:05 2:10 2:15 4:25 4:30 2:20 3.05 3:10 4:35 3:15 4:40 3:20 4:45 4:50 4:55 5:00 3:25 2:25 1 :25 3:55 9:50 9:55
Breeden, R. Breese, J. E. Brehmer, H. A. Bremer, F. S. Brever, G. W. Brewer, E. Brewer, j. M. Brindle, R. L. Brinkerhoff, B. W. Broberg, j. G. Brock, j. L. Brodd, L. J. Brooks, J. H. Brower, Martha Brown, Bill Brown, C. A. Brown, C. R. Brown, C. W. Brown, H. M. Brown, M. S. Brown, R. N. Brownlee, I. G. Brubaker, N. H. Brubeck, D. L. Bruington, G. E. Brunk, M. A. Bryan, j. D. Bryan, j. K. Bullivant, J. E. Burbrink, K. E. Buenting, R. E. Burkholder, R. E. Bush, J. D.
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20
1 -55 1 1 .00 1 :50 4:00 9:55 1 :00 10.00 10:05 2:55 10:10 1 1 .05 3:55 4:05 4:25 4:30 8:10 4:10 4:40 2.50 8:00 8 05 2:45 2:40 10:55 8:55 10:15 4:15 3:50 3:45 4:50
Brown, G. W. Buck, Marjorie Bryant, H. R. Burke, G. G. Burks, R. W. Burns, B. H. Busehmann, A. D. Bushlong, L. L. Butterfield, D. D. Bykowski, F. Byrd, J. F. Byrne, G. E. Fisher, Dan T. Forsgren, V. N. Forsythe, W. j. Foxworthy, M. K. Heston, E. E. Hinshaw, E. K. Kneer, Amelia Knight, H. M. Knotts, Stanton Koch, Mary Kochlas, A. J. Koehler, B. j., r. Koenig, C. Kohn, R. E. Kolb, H. G. Kottnauer, R. Krabbe, Esther Kramer, C. E.
4:55 3:40 3:35 2:35 10:50 1 :40 10.20 9.00 3:00 8:50 8:15 3:30 1 1 :10 10:25 10:45 9:05 1 1 :20 2:00 2:05 3:05 8:20 lC/:30 9:10 2:30 8:25 1 :35 2:25 9:50 2:10 1 :45 1 :05 1 :10 3:10 2:20 1 :15 8:30 1 1 :30 10:35 1 .20 1 :25 8-35 3:15 3:20 8:40 2:15 9:45 8:45 1 :30 9:40 3:25 9:15 9:20 9:35 9:25 9:30 10:40 1 1 :35 1 1 :40 1 1 :45 1 1 :50 1 1 :55 4:20 1 1 :25 4:35 4:45 1 1 :15
Kratz, Henry F. Krashen, Harry Krause, J. F. Kroeplin, W. A. Ku, T. H. Kuebler, K. W. Kuhns, J. H. Ku Hsien-Hsiang Kumpf, G. E. Kurtz, J. M. Kuzwitz, Mary Ann Lafuse, L. W. Lafrentz, R. J. La Force, H. B. La Follette, R. L. La Hue, P. M. LaLiberte, Clarence Landon, K. L. Langstall, Lorisdene Laramore, Mary Jane Larch, C. U. Larsh, J. A. Launder, J. M. Lawrence, S. M. Laycock, H. S. Lee, Shu Lehr, Ralph W. Lemb, Carolyn Leshner, H. K. MacBride, Margaret Nitsche, J. E. Orr, J. E. Patch, C. B. Patrick, C. Patterson, H. R. Perrin, A. C. Persinger, T. E. Peter, Leota A. Peterson, R. B. Retry, B. E. Retry, J W Petticrew, Mary H. Petty, T. Phelps, Virginia Phillips, Nancy Phillips, R. A. Phillips, R. A. Pidgeon, L. A. Pielsticker, F. E, Pinkerton, Janiece Pitz, E W. Pliner, N. S. Plotkin, H. Post, E H. Powell, D. F. Prust, Jean D. Pugh, F. A. Robbins, R. D. Robertson, Eva L. Robinson, Jane Rodin, Eleanor Russell, J. D. Roe, G. D. Soderstrom, H. W. Sopcak, C. F. Study, Wm. F.
mo
(Dsh/ddu
tt
‘^omplsda, QompuA, CooaMqsL
9f
By Rolfe Jenkins Here are the “tough twenty” for this Saturday. Let’s see someone of the campus “Monday quarterbacks” get more than the previous high of 13 out of 20. California Washington State Chicago Michigan Columbia Princeton Harvard Pennsylvania Illinois Indiana Georgia Tech Vanderbilt Minnesota Ohio State Missouri Kansas State Nebraska Baylor New York Carnegie Tech Northwestern Wisconsin Notre Dame Navy Oklahoma Kansas Pittsburgh Duquesne PURDUE MICH. STATE So. Methodist ^Marquette Tennessee Alabama Texas Arkansas Texas Christian Tex. A & M Washington Oregon State Yale Army Santa Clara St. Mary’s Name
Spartans Rely On tricky Back, Passing Attack
By Stewart Marquis This Saturday’s Dad’s Day game is going to be a real battle I Don’t make the mistake of underrating the Michigan State Spartans because they have lost their first two games. In each of these contests they have put up a tough fight which might have brought them victpry with the aid of a few breaks. In their first game of the season,
against Michigan’s Big Ten contenders, the Spartan gridders displayed a fast and tricky offense, although they lost, 26-13. The Spartans definitely had the upperhand in the second half, playing the strong Wolverine tean^ off its feet. Unusual Play
Last Saturday the Michigan State team was the victim of one of the most unusual rulings in modern gridiron competition. Because the referee ruled that Bill Batchelor, Spartan center, had interfered W’ith the Marquette safety man in calling for a free catch, the Michigan State gridders had to stand back 10 yards while Marquette took a free kick which netted them three points and the game, 17-14.
Evidence of the highly geared offense that the Spartans can show, is the fact that the Michigan State team has scored two touchdowns in each of its three previous games. Coach Charley Bachman, a teammate of Boilermaker Coach Mai Elward at Notre Dame in 1916, has groomed his squad in offensive and defensive tactics which are very much like those used by the Rivetr ers. The Spartans rely on a tricky, speedy backfield to open up their opponent’s defense, then take advantage of this chance to use their aerial offense. The Spartans will attempt to match the Boilermakers, pass for pass, in Saturday’s encounter. Aerial Threats
wan
ddtandi
Chrysanthemums for the big game. Phone your order for delivery or come in and select your flowers.
Qo.
527 Main
Phone 5432
Chief threats in the Spartans’ deceptive aerial attack are Wjman Davis, sophomore triple threat ace, and Bill Kennedy, sophomore, blocking back, who have been highly successful in their pass-tossing this year. As receivers these backs can rely on a quartet of ends, McRae, i Pound, Friedlund, Bennett, Kineic. About due for a break, t?e Spartans will be battling for their first victory this Saturday.
gsi^iUiwwijju iimpii Iiiij|njmiji»jij.n YOU*VC NCVCR WORN A TIB
BEFORBI
More Heat
No Clinkers
DEE^
Low Ash
No Soot
Stoker Coal a Specialty 7% Ash—B.T.U. 12,500
North Star Coal Co.
Phone 2405
308 Brown
O Hand-mdde of 100% puro worsfed in fha famous, patented 4FOLD construction (no inner lining). • Ties easily with a perfect "dimpled” knot. • A color and pattern fashion item. • Like magic, wrinkles evaporate over night.
00
4POLD
.U(
UlOOLS'
1%0 (OabJuA,
19^0 0sbJiiA,
mo (bsbJuA,
mo 0abjda.
//^R'
'Sr'’''^’^ s*^k'' ‘‘"''A “J -.<to* v! i 8^ }
^#>5 .
fc-
ill
W'
».r
'’ i ..-f < f ^ i^’' ^ y. ^r* JV
THE l»UR£»trE EkPOIfE!«¥
Thutsday> October 19< 1939
aassified Ads
Rosrer Williams Club; Pictures of the student srroup and cabinet will be taken Sun-., day morning, October 22, folloWingr the mornirtgr service at the W^st Lafayette Baptist Church. Make special effort to 'attend. —SWANSON
SAE Members: Auto show plans postponed because of strikes in auto plants. If you have any ideas," syfe your committee heads. (10-20) —CAHILL.
FRATERNITIES PRESIDEHtS: Get
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM FOR RENT—To student, smsrle ground floor 473 Maple, West Lafavette
FOR SALE FOR SALE—16 mm movie camera F 4 5 lens Ten Dollars 8 mm Univex F 5 6 lens Six-fifty Call 65601
Conditions in M.E. 31: An exiiHiinatioh for the rehioval of conditions in M, E. Si will be held in room 80l of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing at 1 p. m. Saturday, December 9, 1989. Those wishing to take the examination 'must make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 2, 1986. (11-2) —MESSERSMITH
f 1 eshman grhde carde ftxihl Pi Railtia Alpha, ” ’ ‘ ' Tall ftaterhities this
Triangle, or Thetd
week. (10-20)
—AMT.
Fraternities and Sororities: All house managers who have not ordered Gold Pepper balloons, do so immediately from Libby Barmes at the Woman’s Residence Hall, south —MITCHELL
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and imrtable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29 76. Supplies C. F Ebershoff, 60S Main Street.
Chemical Engineering Seniors: All senlois please be present at Chemical and Metallurgical building at 12:45 p. m., Saturday, October 21, for the cord parade. Let’s win the trophy this year —OMOHUNDRO
Novice Pistol: The fourth novice pistol group will start on Tuesday, October 81. Students desiring to fire this course may sign in Supply room, between 8 a. m. and B p m —CAPT HOLMES
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Greo topcoat from Delta Tau Omega house dance Saturday night "Mowrv” inside pocket Reward
LOST—Waltham watch, chain, knife. Sigma Xi key, Yale band charm Room 211, Union Reward
LOST—Kappa Sigma fraternity pin i ard Call 4031 E L. Molzahn.
Re-
Distinguished Howitzer Squad: Entries for this competition must be submitted in writing to Major Faulconer or Major White at the Armory before 4 p. m., Wednesday, October 26 Each entry will list by name the Executive and Assistant Executive, both juniors, and the Chief of Sectioh and Gunner, both sophomores. It will also list, but not necessarily by number in the squad, 7 Cannoneers and 2 Chauffeurs, all sophomores Names once submitted may not be dropped or changed except for reasons acceptable to the Officers in Charge, named above. Entries will be accepted in the order of receipt until the quota of 8 has been received —FAULCONER
Kappa Delta Pi: Pledge meeting Friday, October 20, at 4:16 in the Agriculturist office —CRUM.
YWCA Cabinet: General meeting at 4 p m today, October 19, in women’s lounge No cabinet meeting this week. —COOLEY.
Science Seniors: Meet at gate 2 under the banner at 1:46 p m Saturday, October 21. We want 100 per cent turnout at Cord Day parade. —^HOBBS
NOTICES
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Senior Mechanicals: Meet at the Mechanical Engineering building at 1 p m. Saturday, October 21, for Senior Day Parade. A 100 per cent attendance is expected in competition for trophy —DUCKWORTH
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, October 21, by schools as follows: Students whose names begin with: A-E incl , room 254, Electrical building, F-Le incl , loom 129, Electrical building, Li-R inclT, room 201 Civil Engineering building, S-Z incl., room 101 Michael Golden Shops. (10-21) —KNAPP
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Thursday, October 19, at 7 30 p m in room C of the Union —TERRIO
CE 41: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 208, CE building, from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28 —GREVE.
Exponent Junior Editors: Meeting Thursdaj, October 19 at 4 30 p m in the Exponent Union office —TERRIO
Cancellations ■ Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday, October 28 Cancellation cards are obtainable from heads of departments These cards must be signed b\ the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject IS given The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 28 if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men —DEAN OF MEN
Wesley Players: Men are needed for production staff Students interested in staging call Walter Kettenring, 8436, those wanting on the lighting crew call Lucky Godbey, 2653 Women are needed for make-up committee Call Marjorie Hoover • —McFADDEN.
Mechanical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall (11-1) —YOUNG
Roger Williams Club: Pictures of the student group and the cabinet will be taken on Sunday morning, October 22, following the morning service at the West Lafayette Baptist Church Make a special effort to attend —SWANSON
Electrical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall (10-22) ^ —HARDING
Eta Kappa Nu: There will be a meeting on Thursday, October 19, at 7 30 p m in the old Agiiculturist’s office m the Union building —KEEN.
Union Workers: Meeting of my staff in the Student Union office .—BRODD
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Thursday, October 19, at 7 45 in room A of the Union —SICKMAN
Lutheran Students: There will be a meeting of the Lutheran Students Association in room F of the Union at 4 15 p m , Friday, October 19 All Lutherans are cordially invited to attend. •—HALL
All Seniors: If you have not received a post card advising time of Debris picture sitting and if >ou want your picture in the 1940 Debns arrange for a sitting at once in the Debris office, second flooi of Union —WILLIAMSON
Purdue Student Alliance: Former Alliance members are invited to participate in Peace Fellowship activities beginning with Ganong lecture Thursday, October 19, at 7 30 p m in faculty lounge —STERNS
Cosmopolitan Club: There will be a meeting in room C of the Union on Friday October 20 A short program, followed by refreshments, IS planned Everyone is invited —SHIEKEL
Co-ed House President’s Council: Meeting Thursday, October 19, at 7 p m in room A of the Union —PLUMMER
WBAA: Important meeting for announcing staff Thursday, October 19, at 7 p m in room 134 of the Elect! ical Engineeimg building Refreshments —MILLER.
Indiana State Teachers’ Association: Memberships m the Indiana State Teachers’ Association are available in the general office of the Education and Applied Psychology Office See, Mrs Wickersham. The cost of tickets IB $2 00 which includes the price of Indiana Teacher. (10-19) —McCOMB
You Increase Your Clothing Dollars When You Wear KING’S TAILORED SUITS and TOPCOATS
You can depend on King’s Clothes to stand up . . . they’re finely tailored of sturdy^ quality all wool fabrics in the latest patterns and colors and in styles that are as new as tomorrow’s front page news.
Always High in Value Low in Price
18-50 TO »29-l5
KING THE CLOTHIER
LAFAYETTE, IND.
Even At PISTOL POINT
You can be nonchalant in I "Dated Laundered Shirt"!
Most of us live dangerously today. In and out of the little crises of life, you'll look better and feel better in the trim neatness of a "Dated Laundered Shirt". Remember that the careful, protective laundering that makes possible our guarantee of a year's wear if shirts are dated here when new and laundered exclusively by us is yours at no higher cost.
For Correct Style . . . your suit must be right, too. Send yours to us for MONITE insured moth-proof dry cleaning. It will look new again.
Crown Laundry
f'i N E C L E A^N ERS OF FINE CLOTH *ES
'COPR MAXWELL-DAVIS INC
Skull and Crescent: There will be ho hayride Friday, October 20. —AbAMSOil.
B & W SHOE CO.
t2I North Fourth St.
SELECT YOUR
ALLIGATOR RAINCOAT
FROM
WE CARRY THEIR COMPLETE LINE OF GALE CLOTH GABARDINE AND ALLIGATOR FABRICS IN ALL COLORS AND MODELS
Gold Papers: Meet at 6:46 p. m. Frl^
OoWbler 20, ihllldb feast dtfof
eryohe wear hdtk.
Gimlets: All members check to Bee that your houses have turned in orders for bold Peiiper’s football balloons. (10-21) —ASHTON.
Mixed Recreation: Every Friday night beginning at eight o’clock and sponsored by the Purdue Sportswomen. A variety of sports are offered including swimming. Everyone welcome. ’ (10-27) —MATHER.
Debris Salesmen t Important business meetiiiir ThUiaday, OdtOber lO, at 4 ]^. *i. ih the Receptioh ro6th. Afi^ Other sObhbniKites interested in becoming salesmen be sure to attend this meeting. —^McLBAN.
Camera Club: Meeting Thursd^, October 19, at 7:30 p.,m. in the Red^tWh rqfm.M the Unldii. iferry senior jiortrkite for tMh DeoH^ (vill dfeifidnstrate portrait lighting with club equipment. All members are reques^ to, be present. —HIDDEN.
Fraternities, Sotorities: All house man. agers who have not ordered Gold Pepper balloons do so from Libby Barme's at the SOutb Residence Hall. (10-20) —MITCHELL.
Oihicron hin: Pledging Thursday, October 19, room 202, H. E. building. Members be bfesfeiit at 4 p. lii. —HORWITZ.
Sophoihore Workers: Staff meeting this afternoon, Thursday, October 19, in Union office Adkin, Avery, Baumgartner, Bromley, Diehl, Evans, Fellows, Housekeeper, Jacobs, Gones, Julian, Keifner, Anderson, Beard, Bibler, Cox, Craig, Fink, Hawkins, Hutchison, Kern, Kistler, Lobkwood. —BENNETT.
tio-ed Forensic Managers: imbbttaiit meeting Thursday, October 19, in the debate office in University Hall at 4 p. m. —DEMORET.
Home Economics Seniors: Meet on west steps of Fieldhouse at 12:46 for senior parade Saturday, October 21. Bring H, E. posters. —MITCHELL, SAURER.
Battery H4 and Batterr AS: Softball gathe at 4:16 p. m , Friday, October 29. —SMITH.
Purdue Aeromodellers: Due to the pep session Friday evening thete will be no regular club meeting. Next meeting will be held Friday, November 8, at 7 p. m. in room C of the Union. —HARKER.
All Atilitarjr Students: Those students who have not yet been able to procure military shoes ihay get same at Varsity Boot Shop next Tuesday morning, October 24. —HOLMES.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education / • jewelers R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119’/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
• Hardware
• Dine
Outfitters for
COME OVER!
Fraternities and Sororities
EAT AT ED & DICK'S
EDGERTON HARDWARE
HAMBURGER INN
321 State St - Phone 4354
808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop
Qualify Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
CROW
University Coacher Raincoat
BY
ALLIGATOR $750
to
'J
m
At Better Dealers
- 1
Don t let a little thing like rain keep you from the game ;; > because in an Alligator University Coacher you’ll be dry and comfortable. This is the happiest kind of coat. . . it’s cut full
1 « . afif WE • • • IL S cue XULX
and roomy, has large convertible collar, big roomy pockets . . . and IS guaranteed waterproof, windproof and dustproof!
See It today in deep sea green, yellow, and black.
The "Coacbet'" by Alligator also available m
• ' i . $18.80
Samlhur “Special Finish" . . $14.73 Ooleclolh
Other Alligator Raincoats, $5.75 to $25