v
A
Purdue @ Exponent
Volume 5L No. 58
Thursday. November 16. 1939
Late News Bulletins • Byrd Expedition Sails For Antarctic Boston, November 16—^The motorship North Star slid quietly ddwn the harbor today carrying eversrthing from phonograph records to a 27-ton snow cruiser as the first half of Byrd’s antarctic expedition left for its 13-month sojourn in Little America. Rear Admiral Byrd will join the expedition at Philadelphia, where the ship wilj stop to pick up airplanes, or will fly to Panama to join them. Next week the barketine Bear will sail on the 12,000-mile journey for a rendezvous with the North Star around New Year’s day before establishing a base. • A. F. Of L. Effort Fajis In Chrysler Strike Detroit, November 15—Chrysler plants were still out of production here today following a call by the A. P. of L. of the United Automobile Workers union which brought 660 men back to yrork. The Dodge plant where the dispute started October 6, was picketed by an estimated 1,000 men and company officials, who stated that they had not issued the call for work, said that they could not do so until the Dodge main and forge plants could be re-opened. Under protest from the Chrysler corporation, the State Unemployment Compensation Division continued to pay $16,000 weekly to the striking employees. • Finns Reject Russian Demands Helsinki, November 15-i-The Finnish delegation to Russia returned from Moscow today after 12 days of negotiations in which they steadfastly refused to sneld to Soviet/territorial concessions. Commenting on Russian news statements which said Finland would be forced to come to terms in seven months, Dr. Juho K. Paasikivi, who headed the mission, said, “Such calculations are obviously erroneous. We can certainly hold out much longer.’’ Meanwhile citizens who had been evacuated from Helsinki were advised not to return since, as “the causes which inspired the removal remain unchanged.” • German Police Arrest Czech Students Praha, November 16—^For the second time today Czech students in Karlspaltz were dispersed by police as they demonstrated for freedom. Ten members of the first demonstration were arrested after the crowd had been broken up by armed storm troopers and German police. j
Student Senate To Install New University Signposts State Highway Commission Gives Approval To Place Signs On Main Route Junctions Taking action on a suggestion which appeared in the editorial columns of the Exponent approximately five weeks ago, the Student Senate has investigated the condition of present signs advertising the University and has secured the necessary approval for renovating and moving some of these signs and in-
stiling a number of others.
Both the extramural committee of the University and the State Highway Commission have given their stamp of approval, cooperating with the wishes of the student body and the proposal of the Senate to secure a more adequate sign advertisement for the school.
Signs about the campus will be repainted and moved to more advantageous positions and new markers will be placed on all roads leading into Lafayette. The new signs will be similar to the one which now stands in front of Mi-
chael Golden Shops.
Specific Plans
The plan as it now reads calls for the following changes on the cam-
pua:
1. Repair and repaint sign in front of Smith Hall\nd move to a new position west of the drive to the livestock pavilion. 2. Repaint sign reading “Purdue University 1869” which faces south bound trafiic north of the Stadium in Ross-Ade field and move closer to the road. 3. Repaint sign at corner of campus in front of the shops. 4. Place a sign of the type which stands in Ross-Ade field at the corner of Grant and State streets. 6. Install another sign of this nature at the corner of Northwestern and Stadium where the incoming motorist gets his first full view of the campus, or move the one from the corner of Grant and Northwestern to this spot. Out Of Town Signs On the highways, in an effort to induce travelers to drive by the University, signs will be placed at (1) the junction of 26 and 62 (bypass east of town), (2) the junction of 26 and 62 (by-pass north of town), (3) the underpass of 43 and 62 (by-pass north of town), (4) at the junction of 43 and 26 south of town, and (6) the jimction of B2 and 62 (by-pass north of West Lafayette).
Dr. S. S. Lind To Speak Tonight Before ACHS Dr. Samuel Lind, dean of the Institute of Technology at the University of Minnesota and presidentelect of the American Chemical Society, will speak tonight at a meeting of the Purdue section of the society in the lecture room of Stanley
Coulter Hall.
The subject of his talk will be “Radio Activity—^Natural and Artificial.” Dr. Lind is an outstanding authority on radio-activity and originator of the ionization theory of the chemical effects of radium rays. The meeting wi^ be preceded by a dinner in the Union in honor of
Dr. Lind.
Military Ball . . . programs will be available to all those with tickets today and tomorrow at the Union check room. The programs are made with bronze covers having on them a raised seal of the Military department. The inside pages contain the program proper and a list of the patrons and patronesses. There are still a few tickets for the Ball remaining in Mr. Fletemeyer’s office in the Executive building.
WSGA HOURS
Co-ed hours for the night of Military Ball will be 2 o’clock, according to an announcement made by the WSGA Judicial Board.
Wisconsin, Indiana Pep Session Moved To Tomorrow Night Band Will Lead Student Parade To Station At 5:15 Tomorrow night instead of tonight is the time for the Wisconsin gahie pep session, the committee announced last night. Much of the scheme of the session has been changed because of circumstances not foreseen when the original plans were made. Instead of the pep session in the Fieldhouse as was previously announced, students attending will see the te^m off on the train. A parade will be formed at the Union at 5:16 p. m. and march to the station. The Military Band will lead the parade. Since there will be no chance next week end for an Indiana game pep session the parade tomorrow nigbt will he for both. Therefore the “Old Oaken Bucket” will be displayed at the meeting. Gimlets in charge announced. Competition With Ball The committee admitted that due to competition with the Military Ball the pep session will be at a disadvantage but that they hoped all who possibly could would make an effort to be present. Fraternities and sororities are urged by the committee to put cars in the parade and to decorate them in an appropriate manner. Students To Go '500 Fathoms Down'With Dr. Beebe At Convo Dr. William Beehe, noted scientist, writer, and lecturer, will speak at a University convocation Monday, November 20, at 8 p. m., in Memorial Gymnasium. Subject of Dr. Beebe’s talk will be “Five Hundred Fathoms Down,” an account of his experience in the bathysphere. The bathysphere is a steel ball in which Dr. Betbe descended to a depth of half a mile in the ocean; deeper than any living human had been before. In his lecture he will recount his experiences and tell of the strange sights to be seen at such a depth. The lecture will be illustrated With moving cartoons, since no moving picture camera could be operated at such a depth. Some of these remarkable pictures will be shown in slow motion. Scrivener Issues Call
Campus Journalists Will Hear Talks By J-C Editors Tonight speaking on propaganda in the foreign news and the evaluation of news from European war fronts, Herm Heimlich, city editor, and Frank Jones, telegraph editor, both of the Lafayette Journal-Courier, will address an open meeting of Sigma Delta Chi, journalistic honorary, in room C of the Union at 7:30 tonight. Paul Harris, of the Religious Emphasis Week team, will also briefly address the group on “Weighing the Day’s News.” Don Terrio, Sigma Delt Chi president, has invited all interested students and faculty members to attend this meeting. Plans for the annual Riveters’ Rassle, which will be held on December 8 this year, will be made by SDX members in a closed meeting following the speakers, and a list of pledges will be prepared. Dr. C. H. Robertson Discusses Thinking Before Open Meeting Dr. C. H. “Big Robbie” Robertson addressed a meeting last night on the subject of “Study, Thinking, and Memory.” Approximately 75 people attended the talk which brought out various methods of constructive thinking. Prof. Robertson stated that he thought it was a mistake that we do not have a course for inventors or creative thinking. One interesting technique which he has used for a number of years is the use of “marginal” thinking. He went on to explain this by saying, that by letting the mind simply run, while being in a semidrowsy state, many good ideas may be formulated. Another interesting technique he uses for creative work is what he calls “reversals.” By attacking the problem from a totally different angle or backwards, a seemingly impossible problem may sometimes be solved. However, Dr. Robertson’s main point of the evening was expressed in his emphasizing of exposing oneself to the subject and then letting the sub-conscious mind work on it while one does other things. If one would look at the subject in a more general way a better appreciation of the subject could be obtained. Exfon Will Discuss Health
Janette Morris, Joan Geer First Co-eds To Take To Air CAA Students Receive First Instructions Toward Qualifying For Private Pilot Rating Immediately after receiving the official OK from the Civil Aeronautics Authority in Washington, D. C., yesterday to start flight training at the University, Janette Morris, senior in the school of science, took to the air under the direction of Capt. L. I. Aretz, of the Purdue airport, as the first woman in the United States to receive flight instruction under the CAA program.
Miss Morris going up a few min-' utes after the official authorization was received was followed at 11:30 by James H. Hall, second of the thirteen students to receive their initial instructions yesterday. Third student and only other qualifying co-ed enrolled in the University to go up was Joan Geer, junior in the schqpl of science. 10 More First 'Timers The remaining ten students to receive their first taste of flying were: Vernon Hupp, William C. Beach, George S. Welch, Richard E. Bauman, John^ W. Scott, Lytle W. Small, Richard E. Jansing, Francis E. Powell, P. M. Giltner, and William D. Croft. Instructions given yesterday marked the second step of the CAA private pilot training program which was launched at the University last spring when the first quota of fifty students qualified for licenses. In the entire country only 300 students Vere trained under this program last year, while this fall an expected 11,000 men and' women will receive their private pilot ratings. Captain Aretz, heading the flight instruction, will be supported by a responsible staff of four experienced pilots. They are: Jack Harrington, Lowell Park, Bert Benninghoff, and Don Baldwin. Ellen Kepner Named Lab Group Manager Ellen Kepner has been appointed assistant manager of Playshop Laboratory Group as announced by Chuck Hart, present m&nager. Kepner directed the Lab group’s production of “Lady No-velist,” and was active in the summer session plays. She also took part in activities at Southern Methodist University. The Lab Group is planning its second production of the year which is scheduled for January 8, 1940. Within the next week, an announcement will be made of try-outs and also a request for technical staff applications.
For Freshman Workers 4f Eduratlonal Meetings Fourth Frosh Round Table
Scrivener, campus literary publi# cation, is issuing a call for all interested in working on its business or editorial staffs. Today is the last chance to obtain experience in magazine Avriting and publishing. Any freshman or upperclassman who is interested should sign up in the Scrivener office on the second floor of the Union. Interviews for offices which are still vacant will be given to those who have signed
up.
Alpha Zeta
. . . national agricultural honorary, announces the initiation of the following men: A. D. Tevebaugh, Monroe City; J. A. De La Croix, Harrison, Ohio; C. E. Irwin, Waynetown; J. W. Greenburg, West Lafayette; J. A. Stewart, Greenburg; T. H. Blosser, Syracuse; M. W. Adams, Rockville; E. S. Bogue, Rushville, and J. E. Hinshaw, Sheridan.
Methods for the improvement of school health will be discussed here tomorrow in a series of three meetings. At 10 o’clock Miss Bess Exton, of the Department of Health and Physical Education of the National Education Association, will speak on “The National Program in School Health” in room 204 of Memorial Gymnasium. Following this. Miss Exton will discuss the implications of the Wagner Health Bill at a luncheon meeting. “Methods and Techniques of Teaching for Health” will be her final talk at 4 o’clock in room 107 of the Fieldhouse. Accompanying Miss Exton will be Frank S. Stafford, assistant chief of the Bureau of Health and Physical Education, State Board of Health, who will be available for consultations during the day.
To Stress Forensics, Music Forensic and musical activities will be the subject of the fourth Activities Round Table Monday, November 20, at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. Representatives from the various forensic and musical organizations will be present at the meeting in order to inform the freshmen of the function! of their activities. Activities Bureau, sponsors of the round table, urge that all freshmen interested in any activity whether or not they are interested in the particular ones represented be present in order that they may become acquainted with the system of activities in general.
Reamer Club
Debris Proofs
A. J. Muste
... one of the religious week speakers, will address students concerning co-ops and labor. The meeting will take place from 9 to 10 o’clock this evening in the faculty lounge of the Union. All students interested are invited to come.
. . . must be called for by Saturday in the Debris office by the 200 seniors who have received post cards stating that their proofs are ready and as yet.have not called for them. The Debris office will be open from 8 a. m. to 9 p. m. for the remainder of the week. This is the last chance to pick the proof for senior pictures.
. . . will sponsor a movie, “20,000 Men a Year,” at the Lafayette theater today, tomorrow, and Saturday to raise funds for independent intramural sports.
15 Girls
... have been entered in tke Debris beauty contest to be held December 2. The judges will be announced soon.
Rev. Fulton Sheen To Deliver Sermon At Sunday Convo Rt. Rev. Msgr. F\iIton J. Sheen, of Washington, D. C., will deliver the sermon at the November Convocation for Worship Sunday morning in Eliza Fowler Hall, the committee announced yesterday. Dr. Sheen holds degrees from eight educational institutions of high standing and is the recipient of many honors. Pope Pius XI gave him recognition and special distinction on two occasions. From 1931 to 1937 he served as an assistant at St. Patrick’s Cathedral in New York. Dr. Sheen also participated regularly on the Catholic Hour over NBC from 1930 to 1939. Two Bands Will Play At Charity Tea Dance Tea Dance in the interest of charity, to be sponsored by PIA, will be held this Saturday afternoon in the Union ballroom from 2:30 until 5 o’clock. Music for the occasion will be furnished by the Irvan Maury and Harry McCrady campus bands, both bands donating their services to the interests of charity. 'The admission for the dance is 25c per couple or the equivalent of. that in foodstuffs. Both money and foodstuffs will be turned over to a local charity institution. ' Second Seminar For Today Is Cancelled Because of complications the second in the list of Seminars for Today, “Christian Character and Personality,” has been dropped. Paul Harris, Jr., will speak at the 7:30 convocation and his subject will be “What Can Christianity Do About War?” The convocation will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall. Recent Graduates Hold AAUW Meeting In Lounge Recent graduates, who are members of the American Association of University Women, will meet in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union building tonight at 7:30 o’clock. Following a short business meeting will be a program under the direction of the bridge group. Mrs. Gordon Newhard will read the play, “Two Tables of Bridge.” Mrs. Dorothy Ewan and Miss Mary Wurtenberger are hostesses for the meeting.
Sigma DeHaPsi
Under the direction of Melvin Keller and Bud Evers, the Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary fraternity, will hold tryouts this afternoon in the Fiel^ouse gym. All aspirants should report to the intramural office before reporting to the floor for examination.vT
• 2
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, November 16, 1939
Jumlif. JalL
Purdue Exponent
R E. Insle Sfr. E. Smii
Editor-ln-Chtef BuBtaeM UanBKW
Senate Comes To Life
Phones: Editorial, 400S; Rnsiness, 6038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post oRice in I^ayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922
“I move that we disband the Student Senate,” said last year’s Senate president, C. G. Elliott, at one of the last meetings of the 193839 group. He really didn’t mean to disband the Senate, but he used that startling means to make Senate recognize the need for reorganizing into a more powerful, more efficient, and more effective body
AEPRESBNTBD POR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BV
National AdvertesitigScrvice, Inc.
College Pttbltshers Refiresentaltve
420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHICAGO - Boston Los Anosles Sah Fhancisoo
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduates students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarib coincide with the official University viewpoint
Night Editor—McKee
Issue Editor—Traugott
Those words, which shold go down in the history of this group, started a radical reform this year under the leadership of Senate President Herb Fishl;ium. Until this year the Senate was not considered, even by the large majority of its own members, to be an activity. It was considered rather to be a two-night-a-month job to meet and discuss student gripes and problems, with the objective of passing these gnpes and problems on to the faculty.
This job, acting as a go-between for students and University staff, is still one of the major functions of these representatives, but they are accomplishing their work much more efficiently this year. They are also taking more initiative in solving the problems.
This work is divided alnong committees. The committees have junior executives as chairmen, and seniors as advisors. Committee workers are sophomores. Work of these committees is of three types: (1) determining student problems that the University or Senate itself might be able to solve or simplify; (2) finding complete information on these problems, such as source, extent, and importance, and (3) taking the problem to the correct University official for solution or working out a solution whereby the Senate can solve the difficulty.
Full Time Activity
Any sophomore interested in this varied type
of personnel^c
;^ork has for a goal the position
of junior executive senator with full voting
power in that group.
Senate is now a full time activity for any elected senator, and a full time activity for any sophomore ed or co-ed who is interested in the type of work that the group is doing.
Evidence of the broadening scope of Senate activities is some of the work that is being done right now. Committees are working on such student and University problems as: establishing a central “lost and found” department; building a walk across the mall in front of the mechanical engineering building; advertising the University by means of road signs; centralizing tutoring information; revising the senior activity rating chart in cooperation with the University personnel staff, and representing the student body on the West Lafayette safety committee.
Under the new organization a maximum of five and a minimum of three sophomore workers who were not elected by popular vote will be elected by the senior board to the position of junior senator. Three to five jUniors will be selected from the popularly elected sophomore group, and eight more will be elected by popular election to make 16 junior representatives in all.
The sixteen will have equal voting power as student representatives, but the eight juniors selected by the senior board will be designated as junior executives in charge of project committees. From the sixteen juniors the proceeding senior board will select eight to fill the positions of senior senators.—^R. F. DeH.
PENALTY DATES
9£im, and, disuc
By Georgann Schilling
While the team is away at Wisconsin pursuing another conference wm, students in these here parts will be preparing for the Thanksgiving vacation by such a simple week-end schedule as the Military Ball and about six Greek letter group dances Sounds simple, anyhow —H&H— Saturday night the Phi Gams will have a formal at the chapter house while the Tau Kappa Epsilons and the Alpha Sigma Phis dance with their dates at the Lafayette Countiy Club The Phi Kappa Taus will enteitain this same mght with a radio dance and the Phi Kappa Psis will have an informal dance at their house Cary Club orchestia will play for Cary Hall West’s dance Satuiday night —H & H— The Chi Os will honor pledges at a winter formal Saturday night at Allen’s ballroom. Irvan Maury’s band is playing for the dance to which bids are being given Pi Kappa Phi fraternity is having its formal winter this same night at the chapter house. Some week end —H&H— Right about now, m the midst of all these tests and stuff, we begin to realize that math class is not a tap dance routine but a dull matter of equations and triangles Yet time tramples by and it will be Thanksgiving vacation in less than a week now. Good old Turkey Day! Peoples will be starting on their pilgrimage to Bloomington for the game and a few extra curiicular activities very soon now. Gee, we can almost hear Santa Claus coming. Hi ho —H&H—
During the present semester there are four penalty dates Thgy are from noon November 21 to noon November 22 Novem ber 27 December 20 and January 4 These days represent the 24-hour periods before and after the Thanksgiving and Christmas recesses Executive Memorandum No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates —Any student absent for leasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake may file with the Dean of Men a certified detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary fee
Penalty Buie Any student who is ab sent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty four hours (not including Satuiday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the Cashier an extra fee of $5 00 for each twenty four hour period or fraction there of missed M L FISHER Dean of Men
Cornell University has a ninehole golf course that requires the use of every kind of golf club
LU^
BATTLIN6 BUCKAROOS
-TODAY - FRI. - SAT.-
2 FIRST RUN HITSI
They
And
Uk«
mMwm with a BJIRRiD mum riMCi
in
HOB
A 20th Century Fox Picture
«SSff
iRAMOtWi
ths
TEXAS'
The Gold Peppers are planning to have an enthusiastic rooting section for basketball games this winter. Rumor has it that they may even map out plans for using cards in formations and have an especially designed Gold Pepper yell. Sounds good. —H&H— And have you heard the news that love is like eating a mushroom . . . you can’t if it is the real thing or not until it is too late.
Three hundred representatives of colleges in all parts of the" world were represented at the Catholic University golden jubilee celebra-
tion.
A WARNER BROS. Picture. wIHi V JOHN PAYNE ' JANE WYMAN » WALTER CATLETT ED BROPHY
MARS TODAY-FRIDAY
Yes siree! Even the Debris is supporting “Religious Emphasis” Week . R C McNeil has called oflf his bloodhound salesmen so we can walk unmolested aci oss the campus. —B & B—
Today we will start out with the more commonplace events on the campus. Yes, you guessed it. There has been another pm merger and this time it is betwix Warren Dubsky, Lambda Chii and Virginia Beck, Alpha Xi Delta . . enough of this, they should start coming back now —B & B— ^ ONE FOR THE BOOKS
Every time Johann McLean goes to her chem lab her instructor brings her a nice red apple If he brings the apples, who polishes them for you, Johann and who gets the grade in the course . yes, times are certainly changing —B & B—
Your editor has been watching a little romance blooming for some time but due to our impatience we think something ought to be done about bringing it to a head . < . if Fred Stearns, Theta Clii “Romeo,” is going to continue parking in front of the Fuzzy house and tak-
TODAY THRU SATURDAY »
— WITH — CHARLES BICKFORD
-.and—
'TEXAS STAMPEDE' — WITH — CHARLES STARRETT
-ALSO^
ImtSApR jf/DEsAoAlN
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
mum WITH WINQS! WOMEN WITHOUT MEN!
PLUS
Danger Headlines Shout a Warning of a Nation's Secret Menace! "SABOTAGE" — WITH — GORDON OLIVER ARLEEN WHALEN
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
If a blinding flash of light went by you on the campus yesterday, think nothing of it ... it was just stellar fullback, Leon DeWitte, with a suit and tie on. Maybe that girl at Bloomihgton has found someone else. Pretty soon we will find ydn in the Sweet Shop, DeWitte. —B & B—
“It’s a bargain when you stop to figure how wages and materials have gone up since the war!”
ing up Helen Ray Wilson’s time we think it should cost him a pin. —B & B— Our nosey nature leads us to the Meihaus-Hyman affair . .if some
kind soul would throw some light on this set-up we could sleep nights . of course, there are still such things as PLATONIC friendships, or are there’
“Swell” steaks—are TOM’S reputation The Planked Steak Special’s a Sensation! Juicy—^lusty—“he-man”—^thick I Each custom-cooked. Come—^take your pick. TOM’S RESTAURANT Across from Armory
SCOTT-FOSTER LINDSAY
TODAY-FRI -SAT
KANE RICHMOND • JANE DARWEll- MAXIE ROSENBLOOM
— PLUS —
COLOR CARTOON
VCV'
,0®
Nature is full of charming surprises. But none exceeds the exquisite beauty that flowers lend. Here is true attractiveness and fresh fragrance captured in soft, luscious beauty — the ideal way to add color and luxurious smartness to your person inexpensively.
l^otL^ ^lomt
635 Main Street
Phone 7955 - 8050A 'I
IIThursdoy# Ndvember 16# 1939
Defense Emphasized By llward In Grid Practice Fearing that Wiscbnsin’s potential scoring power will suddenly come to life Saturday, the Boilermaker grid practice yesterday CGtnsisted largfeiy'of defensive drill, emphasizing pass defense. The squad has only one remaining practice ses,sion in which to refine its attack before entraining for^the Badger camp tomorrow afternoon. Wisconsin’s position at, the hot- " n——n ' ' '
tom of the Big Ten heap is likely to be. misleading as to the relative strength of the Badger organization. In each of their games this season, the Badgers have made more first downs and piled up more yardage than their opponents, but the lack of scoring punch near the goal line has been their downfall. Powerful Backs Four powerful backs, Paskvan, York, Schmitz, and Peterson, have been the leading ground gainers on Coach, Stuhldreher’s. squad this, year. Some claim that Paskvan, a fullback, even exceeds last year’s Howie Weiss, All-American, in driving power. Against Iowa, Indiana, Illinois, and Northwestern, these
backs picked up yardage galore, but the winning touchdowns could not be produced. Beaten by a fake pass that de-^ veloped into an 82-yard touchdown gallop, Illinois smothered the Badger scoring attack last week, 7 to 0. However, at the final gun the ball lacked one yard of lying in the mini end zone. Injuries are taking their toll in the Boilermaker camp. Tom Melton, sophomore guard from Lowell, will probably be forced out of the Wisconsin tilt due to an injured side. Johniiy Galvin reported for practice yesterday, but the condition of his pulled side was not favorable for much scrimmaging.
A ^ DAY ONLY
sat. NOV. 18
Eveninii Performance Only THE MOST SIPE-SPLITTINS BROAPHIAYCOMEPYOF ALL'
WIWAVIFi
JACKIE COOGAN
with FRANK McGLYNN
JOSIPHINE DUNN • CYRILLA DORNI
And All StoF Broadway Cait
9 YEARS ON BROADWAY NIW YORK
ALL SEATS
Box Office Open Daily llsOO A.M. to 9:00 P.M.
-ON SALE NOW
ADM.
Evo. 83-1.10-1.65-2.00-2.50 —Tax iRcludad—
Phone 7903—Mail orders accepted.
By Robert J. Deckard Probably no intercollegiate football series between university teams in the Midwest has been marked by more sensational battles than that between Wisconsin and Purdue, whose contingents will mix it up next Saturday afternoon in Madison, Wis. /—-fc—’ As FC said in yesterday’s column, the two teams commenced playing in 1892, when the Boilermakers razzle-dazzlcd the Badgers by a score of 32 to 4 at Lafayette ... The next year the Badgers turned the tables and smeared the Riveters’ escutcheon 36 to 30. —-fc— This game was not marked with power and precision, but was a wildscoring affair with an element of comedy relief . .. The Riveters had a center, one Babe Turner, who tipped the scales at 300 pounds . . . After a wild line mix-up. Turner appeared to ^be hurt and all the members of both teams gathered around the prone figure of Turner
... A doctor ran out and edged his way through the players, still closely packed around the Babe. ■ —fo— After a feW moments it was seen that Turner was standing and the medico was busy, but it was not clear just how . . . Eventually the operation" Was ended and wh4n the Badgers and Riveters lined up it became apparent that the first aid rendered had been a laci|^ operation with shoestrings to join the halves of Turner’s football pants which had parted company completely. : ^fCThe giant had proved too big for a regulation football uniform and the Lafayette tailor whose services had been requisitioned had underestimated the stresses to which Babe’s pants woud be subjected. —fc— FC would like to mention the fact that the Boilermaker football team plays Wisconsin and Indiana on successive Saturdays and tonight a rip-roaring pep session will be held in front of the Union building. —fc— In view of the fact that this will be the last pep session to be held this year for the grid team (students will not be in school the two days preceding the Indiana game) a propitious turnout is to be expected by players of the entire team, who will all make speeches during the yell-fest.
Awaits
_ I I"* * New ri
JflSL^Sp^ You Can Give Since flowers ore something to enjoy and appreciate, we think you will appreciate our many and easy to afford specials.
Flowers to wear, flowers for decoration, and flowers for the appropriate gift.
Dorner's Flower Shop
Mcrin and 7th
Phone 6050
Although hampered by the fact that the varsity team cannot practice on the hardwood floor in the Fieldhouse, daily workouts are being held in the small gym with much enthusiasm. The large floor was due to be ready for the cage team the first of November, but it is being held up so that the dirt floor space can be used by the football squad in case of inclement weather. Until the football season is over the team will have 1:o be content with use of the small floor which greatly decreases the efiiciency of their practice. The bad feature of this setup is that the frosh and the varsity have to arrange their time so that both can hold practice. So far daily workouts have consisted of scrimmages between various squads giving the sophomores a chance to pick up experience by playing with the varsity. If pre-season practice means anything at all, this year’s finished squad will be far from slouchy. Bob Igney, who played his share of heads up ball last season as a sophomore, was hitting the basket from all angles and handled the ball in a flashy manner. Also, looking as if he had stepped out of mid-season practice was Fred Beretta, whose expert ball handling last year was a boon to the team. One outstanding sophomore in the practice ses-
sions was Tierney, who is sure to see action this season. Lambert expressed his desire for the big floor to be laid so that practice can begin in earnest and plays, may be worked out in order to be in top form for the opening encounter with Western State Teaches on December 7. . In last evening’s scrimmage session Red Swartz, promising junior center candidate, received a broken nose, which will probably keep him out of practice for a few days. /-AA Schedules BASKETBALL—Toilay % Court 1—Swing. 7:00—Phi Sigma E^ppa vs. Phi. Kappa. 7:15—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 8 :16—Theta Tau vs. Delta Chi. 8:30—Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Court 2—Rechenbach. 7:00—Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 7:16—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Acacia. 8:15—^Alpha Gamma Rho Vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 8:30—Theta Xi vs. Triangle. Court 3—^Hill. 7:00—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Nu. 7:16—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Beta Theta? Pi. 8:16—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 8:30—Delta Tau Delta vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. .
TOUCHBALL—Today Field Official 6—Winner of (Phi Kappa vs. Alpha Sigma Phi Vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Loce 9—Winner of (I^smbda Chi Alpha vs. Kappa Sigma) vs. Phi Kappa Tati. Paporca lO^Winner of (Cary Hall 11 or 8) vs. Gary Hall 10. • Mann
up-to-tfie-ininiite—
in shoes that put in your step
—with these iashion-right Fortune Shoes. You're on your toes and ready to "go places" when you treat your feet to the barefoot comfort of these crepe sole Fortune Shoes. And the admiring glances of your friends tell you your shoes are "tops" in youthful, oppectronce. Stop in today,
look over the wide se- _ lection, and step out in a pair of these hand- \ *
some shoes.
B & W
SHOE CO.
IMPRINTED WITH YOURNAME tipo
lYOUR CHOICEOF SEVERAL DESMNS O > s E E -T HEM
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone S477-' >75 ,■.«,»>,u',k
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
® I
If
1
• 4
If
?■
Classified
Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
f FOR MILITARY BALL—Fellows—order 1 orchid or gardenia corsages from special 1 wholesale lot at lowest market prices. Cors sages beautifully prepared by a Chicago ! expert. One orchid, $2.00; two for $8.60. ‘ Gardenias two for 76c, or to order. Phone 1 Don Terrio, 76061, or at Union.
1
BOARD AND ROOM—A-vailable January 1st, Junior or Senior, $26 month. Phone 6862. '
FOR RENT—‘Double room. Single beds. 122 Pierce St, Close in.
;
FOR SALE
PIANO FOR SALE, trade or rent. Also tuning and repairing. Clingenpeal Piano Shop. 680 Northwestern. Phone 6289.
Thiursdoy, November 16, 1939
WAA Volley Ball; Practice, Thursday, November 16: Monday, November 20 : Tuesday, November 21. Two required practices. —MOREIS.
PETITE in a Panic!
Waif a minute, little lady! Brev by Belle-Sharmeer wa* made for you! Accurately sized in width and length to fit from top to toe—^perfectly! No wrinkles ... no snags . . ; And no folding over. Ask for your leg size by Belle-Sharmeer. Brev for smalls, Modite for middlings, Duchess for tails. Classic for plumps. Here exclusively. THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
Freshman and Sophomore PEW Classes: Final exams on Friday, November 17, at 4 p. m. in the Memorial Gym for archery, riding:, swimming, tennis, golf, and all restricted classes. NBowling and modem dance finals will be held at the same time in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering building; field hockey and speedball in Michael Golden Shops, room 101. —HAZELTON.
ject of an illustrated lecture.
-HEDDEN.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Formal pledging Friday, November 17, at 7:80 p. m. in the Union. Wear your formal uniform. . Bring initiation fee. —EILERENG.
'Catalyst Club: Very important business meeting at Chem and Met building Thursday, November 16, at 7:80 p. m. Final announcement about joining Alpha Chi Sigma. All members please be present. —OMOHUNDRO.
Freshman Engineers: Engineering lectures Saturday morning, November 18, will be held in Fowler Hall instead of separate schools as announced. —KNAPP.
PIA Dance Class: Notice of Tuesday, November 14, was incorrect. Dance class 'will meet Thursday, November 16, at 7 p. m. in Women’s Gym. All co-eds are invited. —KNIGHT.
Junior Military; Students who have qualified as expert gmnners may draw expert gunner’s medals in the supply office of the Armory. (11-21) —PICKERING. Girls Bowling Tournament: Schedule for Thursday, November 16, is as follows: WRH North vs. Alpha Xi, 6:46; Pedalion vs. Twin Pines, 6:46; Ward 2 (T 18 team) vs. PIA, 8:30; Alpha Chi vs, Chi O. T:80. —SIEBEIRT.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation Sunday, November 19, at 8 a. m, in room C of the Union. Actives make reservations for breakfast with Betty Morris or Mary Ann Carpenter by Friday night, November 17. —CARPENTER.
All Seniors; Who have not had their senior pictures taken for the 1940 Debris must have tni9^ taken at the Dexheimer-Carlon Studios in Indianapolis *this week. Activity charts must be filled out at the Debris office at once. (1'1-19) —STRONG. —CATTERALL. ExponeiW Editorial Workers: 'There will be a meeting of all Exponent male editorial staff workers in room D ’Thursday, November 16, at 7 p. m. Attendance is almost compulsory. Roll will be taken for the first time in Exponent’s history as long as I can remember. —^FRED.
WBAA Staff: Meeting of the Purdue Radio Guild Thursday, November 16, at 7:16 p. m. in room 184 of the EE building. —MILLER.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Thursday, November 16, at 7:80 p. m. in room 0 of the Union. Herb Heimlich 'will speak at the open meeting; dance plans and pledges wlU be discussed at business meeting follo'wing. —'TERRIO.
Men’s All-Campus Bowling Tournament: Entries must be turned in to Student Union office by Thursday, November 28. —BROOKS
CE 22 Conditions: The examinattons to
FOR SALE—Silverton B-flat clarinet. Good condition. Del Karr. Phone 2812. TTPKWR1TBB8—AH makM. ataadavi aad portabla, sold, pnrahaaetL raatsd aad repaired. New portable ■maeiihiee aa law as $26.7I- Bopidleaw Ol F. nonhoff, 6M Mata StMot LOST AND FOUND LOST—^Black ■wallet containing valuable cards. Finder please call Armstrong, 8904. Reward.
Riding Club: Professor Cooley will speak at the regular meeting Thursday, November 16, at 7:30 in the Union. All members and their guests are urged -to attend. -MEYER.
Cyclers; There will be a ride to Cary Camp at 1 p. m. Sunday, November 19. Meet at Carter’s bicycle shop. Everyone welcome. —CARSON.
Modem Junior Dance Group: Important rehearsal Thursday, November 16, 4 p. m. in Women’s Gym. —KNIGHT.
Football Ushers and Policemen: Collect your i>ay at ticket office in the Fieldhouse beginning Thursday, November 16. Bring badge. (11-18) —STAPLETON. Weight Lifters: Meeting Friday, November 17, at 7:15 p. m. in sub-basement of Fieldhouse. All members urged to attend. Important. —SUTO.
LOST—Small yellow gold wrist watch. Finder call 4058. Reward.
Notices
N* nettcM will b« accepted after 8 p.m. ■■■■■II' ' ' Delta Rho Kappa: Pledges and actives. There will be an important meeting Friday, November 17, in room A of the Union at 4 p. m. Please bring your dues. —ESTEY.
University Choir; Compulsory attendance Sunday, November 19, at 9:15 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Be prompt 1 —THORNTON. WSGA Office Committee: Meet Thursday, November 16, at 4 o’clock in room A to make posters. ■ —McCULLOUGH.
WSGA Judicial Board: Meeting Thursday, November 16, at 5 o’clock in room A of the Union. —MOORHEAD.
Co-ed Horseback Riding: All co-eds in riding classes are urged to attend the open meeting of the Riding Club today, November 16, at 7:80 in the Union. Professor Cooley will speak on the American Saddle Horse. —SCHULZE.
Religious Council: Important meeting on Thursday, November 16, at 6 p. m. in room F of the Union, with leaders of Religious Emphasis Week. —BWOPE.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting for selection of pledges Thursday, November 16, at 7:30 p. m. in old Agricultural office. —KEEN. PIA Dance Class: No meeting Thursday, November 16. Watch notices for next class. —LUTZ.
Cosmopolitan Club: Pre-initiation meeting in room C bf the Union at 4 :80 p. m. Friday, November 17. Attendance imperative. Paul Harris will speak. —SHICKEL. YWCA Cabinet: The dinner for Mrs. Sibley which was scheduled for. Thursday evening, November 16, has been cancelled. ’There will be no regular cabinet mating this week. —COOLEY.
^ Poultry Club: Meeting Thursday, November 16, at 7 :30 p. m. at Poultry building. Announcement of Egg and Chick Show committee. Wm. Kohlmeyer of poultry department will speak. Refreshments. —SEARCY. Reamer Club: More tickets are now available. See me between 5 and 6:30 Wednesday, November 16, in the main lounge of the Union, Apy other time call 76831. —NITSCHE.
Camera Club: Meeting Thursday, November 16, in Reception room of the Union. Photographic papers will be the sub-
THANKSGIVING SPECIAL SMART NEW TOPCOATS Costly fabrics—skilled tailoring—brilliant designing—all for an amazing low price of 118-50 This group of new 1940 topcoats gives you the widest selection of styles, patterns and all the new color shades of blue grey—blue green—heather tones of brown—also blues and greens in plain colors. Other topcoats $16.75 to $24.75. New hats that impart individuality and personality. $J.95 $3.50 KING THE CLOTHIER LAFAYETTE, IND.
REAL PROTECTION We noi' only guarantee perfection in appearance, but we guarantee any new shirt laundered exclusively by us to wear for a whole year ... or we replace the shirt. That's real "Dated Laundered Shirt" protection and proof of confidence in our careful methods. As a matter of fact, all your wash is laundered by us with the same "Dated Laundered Shirt" care at no extra charge. MONITE MOTH PROOF DRY CLEANING . . . not only insures your suits against moths; it also insures YOU the correct appearance that you need in order to "get on" the way you want to!
Streamlined Hair Styles for Military Ball With Military Ball just around the corner let us give you some expert beauty advice. Our operators are all highly skilled and long experienced. You can trust them to bring out all the beauty that is rightfully yours. Telephone today—7901 —for an appointment.
dCocA^
Puritan Water Softeners
Insures Soft Water Always 1.0EB4HENECOMPANY
3 Outstanding Hair Stylists 10 Efficient Beauticians
(Bsojuiif, SahtL
remove 0 grade in CE 22 (Elementary Structures) will be given In room 801 of CE building from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, November 18. Please bonsnlt me at once. —SONESON ME 61 & 62: An examination for removal of conditions 'will be given in each of these courses on Saturday, December 2, at 1 p. m. in room 801 ME bnilding. Those Intending to take either of these examinations notify
me before November 26.
—BOLZ
Kappa Delta Pi: Because of Religious Emphasis Week, the regular meeting ‘will Im postponed until Tuesday evening,'Novemhev 21. ..:7-NEAL. Camera Club Members: Photo mounx boards are now available at the 'West desk of the Union for use in the coming exhibit, Hl.16) ' __ —HOPPER.
(SS' Are You Going? Then Call— 2151 for a Deluxe Cab 2Sc per Passenger
Corsages to suit the laedies' tastes— expertly made—from the finest of flowers. Avoid,disappointment by ordering from 3<khjaL Qo.
527 Main
Phone 5432
. Go ituJr Aoma THANKSGIVING GREYHOUND
Raund-Trlf Fwm Chicago, III. ..$ 3.90 Louisville, Ky. 6.40, Cincinnati, 0. 6.25 Dayton, 0 6.15 Evansville, Ind. 8.50 Pittsburgh, Pa. 14.95 Bloomington, ind 4.60 Columbus, O... 8.55 Cleveland, O... 12.55 Richmond, Ind. 4.80 12 DAY LIMIT GREYHOUND 5th and Ferry Sts.
• Your trip to “Turkey”— no matter where your holiday dinner ig waiting for you — will be more convenient, more economical and much more fun if you go by Greyhoundw Cruise in Super-Coach warmth and comfort—at a saving that youll be mighty thankful for. There’s an extra reduction on round-trip Greyhound tickets I LINES UNION BUS STATION Phone: 2105
^ I