\
PEP SESSION STARTS At 7:30 Tomorrow In Front Of Union Volume 56, No 70
Established 1S89
WEFT
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
WINNING TEAM ! Welcomes Alumni ♦ ■* Back At Homecoming' Thursday, October 21, 1943
Riveters Battle HaWkeyes In Homecoming Tilt
Alumni Will Witness Diversified Program Homecoming alumni will see an undefeated University football team play Iowa this week end; honored guests will be the team of 1918, who will be presented to the crowd during the half by W. Henry Roberts, president of the General Alumni
Association.
Those grads able to arrange business trips to coincide with Homecoming are expected to - ■"
Grange Group Hears Reed, Grabow Talks
visit classes and tour their former schools, inspect the golf qourse and other points new to
them.
Schedule for the I'est of the week end includes the following:
Friday
Dorothy Donegan, Pianist Will Co-Star With Baker In Varieties On Saturday
Bauman, Dubicki, Stuart Will Not Play In Game
2:30 p. m.—Alumni registration and Round-
up in the Union.
8 :00 p. m.—Gym classes until 6.
6 :30 p. m.—Board of Trustees’ Dinner in
Union.
7 :30 p. m.—Pep Session and Parade, Union
(start).
8 ;00 p. m,—Pep Session bonfire, Stuart Field.
Saturday
More class visits, legistration and lound-
up in Union continued at 9 a. m.
10:00 a. m.—Board meeting of General
Alumni Association, Union.
11:00 a. m.—Women’s hockey game, alum-
nae- faculty vs. A. A. A. 12 :00 noon—Trustees
Director and Rracarch Founda- and emphasized the necessity for
tion Board joint luncheon, TJn- „ .
ion. Fraternity and sorority efflciency in production practices to 2:3o p. m.—Football irame, Ross-Ade sta- circumvent the problems of greater’ tio'n" of'^'ina ''teatn^^^trop^Ty yield, and the manpower
awards. ’ , shoX'tage.
SiOOp. m.—Reamer Club 20th anniversai-y tj . r>„ j ^ i- j xi. smoker. Union, loom 263 . Professor Reed also discussed the 6 :oo p, m.—Pi Kappa Phi "Get ToKcther”, necessity for the blue-printing of Union, room 261. Fratornitv tr o
post-war plans by rural agricultural communities. When the war ends,
Tuesday evening, H. J. Reed, Dean of Agriculture at the University, spoke before the 250 Indiana North Grange representatives who are holding thfiiir annual conference at
the Fowler Hotel.
Professor Reed spoke of the responsibilities of agriculture to pro-
Alum"'i "Association duce to the maximum during 1944,
PURDUE Buscemi. Kasap .. .
Barwegen . Morrow Agase Genis
O’Keefe .... Vacanti .
Calling Dorothy Donegan, who will appear Saturday in the Music Hall on the fourth Vic- Rose tory Varieties program, a piano specialist is telling only part of the story. She is reported by -Pimancheff
Downbeat, musician’s magazine, as playing as nobody else in the business plays. a t o » r *
The negro pianist started taking piano lessons at the age of eight and has studied for at jj. Notre r*"*'
least four years at the Chicago Conservatory of Music. She begins by playing the classics man, Dr. E, F. Cigrand, Northwestern.
straight. Before long her feet BROADCASTS—WBAA, Purdue; WASK, Lafayette; KRNT, Dea
are stamping, and the classics Moines; WMT, Cedar Rapids.
PROBABLE LINEUP Position -■ LE LT . LG . . C RG... .
. RT
.. RE QB
.. LH
.. RH . .
FB
IOWA Danner
Frey
. Mohrbacher Baughman
Liddy
Cozad
Barbour - Hughev GJasener Stephens Gallagher
Union, room 261. Fraternity
and borority dinners.
8:00p. m.—“Victory Varieties” vaudeville,
Music Hall.
-Mixer, Union.
they must be prepared for a government public works project which is to erect schools, hospitals, li-
8 :30 p. : Sunday
Morninj?—Iron Key breakfast
Noon—Fraternity and sorority dinners Friday niprht's mixer will feature a name
band, ina Ray Hutton. Another point of braries and other valuable institumterest for the alumni is the Navy and / . « i • i Marine Inspection on intramural field at tions Oi which many communities
' 'Meeting during the week eijd will
be the Ross-Ade Foundation, E. C. Grabow Speaks Also
Elliott, president; J. Emmett Hall, The evening program also includ-vice-president; the University Re- ed a talk by Rudolf Garbow, of the search Foundation, E. C. Elliott, U. S. Forest Service, who is in president; the Board of_Tiustees, charge of federal forests in the and the Alumni Association Direc- southern part of the state. Grabow tors. . spoke of the need for a sensible cutMissing from the Homecoming ting program for Indiana’s forests, scene will be the fraternity and so- which contain some of the finest rority decorations, the luncheons hardwood trees in the United States, and banquets usually held in the Un- Grabow cited the critical situation ion, and the large milling crowds; which may arise a few year’s hence added features, however, include the if our forests are continued to be
presence of numerous military uni- depleted at ihe present rate,
forms, and the RCA, Curtiss-Wright A DuPont film, tentitled “Soldiers and Wright Field cadettes haunting of the Soil,” was also shown at the
the eiigineering campus. meeting. \
Reamers Observe 20th Anniversary
Homecoming week end will mark the 20th anniversary of one of the foremost campus honorary organizations, the Reamer Club. Celebrations will be held after the game in the Union for all former Reamers either returning for the week end or
present on the campus.
Way back in time, about 1922, an organization called the Reamer Men, was founded in order to support traditions and school spirit. First the group was composed of
are being swung, strictly in the
Donegan manner.
Miss Donegan has played at the Latin Quarter and begins a four weeks engagement there tomorrow. She will/appear for the afternoon performance there and will be driveiji to the University by her manager tb appear on the Varieties. After performing she will
TIME OF GAME—2:30 p. m. (CWT).
\ TICKETS AVAILABLE Plenty of both reserved seats and general admission tickets for the game will be available at Ross-Ade Stadium at game tiinc. High school students and service men will be admitted to special sections at reduced rates. ,
A rejuvenated Iowa eleven that surprised by tying Indiana in its last start will provide the Homecoming opposition for the
return to Chicago to make a mid- Riveters’ undefeated gridiron squad here Saturday afternoon night show at the Latin Quarter, in the last home appearance of the 1943 campaign of the colorPlays at Latin Quartet ful Boilermakers. The twenty-second renewal of a keenly Co-starring with Miss Donegan foifght series in which the Boilermakers enjoy a slight edge is will be “Wee” Bonnie Baker, sing- ^ -i. j.
expected to attract a crowd m the neighborhood of 15,000. Memories of the 1918 Purdue team of World War I will be recalled by between-halves ceremonies planned as a part the Homecoming celebration.
er, who combines simplicity and appeal in singing. Featured on the program also will be Milt Britton and his orchestra, known as America’s craziest band. Appearing with Britton is Natalie Kaye, called America’s most beautiful vocalist. Adagio and Acrobrats to Appear Other acts which will complete the show are the adagio trio, Martells and Mignon, who are beiAg brought back by popular request,
Ag Staff Hears Keilholz Speak At Luncheon
of
Members of the ’18 squad, celebrating their twenty-fifth reunion, will
Enlightening and vivid picture of be guests of honor at the game, and conditions in war-time England was silver trophies will be presented by
batic novelty act.
Doors of the Music Hall will open at 7:16 p. m. There will be no re-
DOROTHY DONEGAN piano specialist on Victory Varieties
Ina Ray Hutton To Ploy Col. Beere Awards
For Dance Tomorrow
Ina Ray Hutton, top female orchestra leader in the country, and her all-male band will be featured in both ballrooms of
and the Five Taylor Kids, an aero- persons who attended W. Henry Robei’ts, of Indianapolis,
the University Agricultural staff president of the Purdue Alumni Asluncheon Monday noon at the Wes- sociation, to senior members of the ley Foundation when F. J. Keilholz squad. Carroll A. Bartlett, of
served seats. Tickets may be pur- addressed the ^roup on his recent Highland Park, 111., co-captain and chased for 60 cents at the follqwing visit to the British Isles. Mr. Keil- guard, and Robert J-. Whipkus, of stores: Decker’s and Glatz on^he University graduate of 1920 Chicago, are expected to be present east side, and Southworth’s, Deac’s, former member of the publicity in person to receive their trophies, the west desk of the Union, the recently returned after while Robert E. Markley, fullback, music office, the cashier’s office and sP®J^4ing several months studying now located in Karachi, India, as
food and agriculture with the Brit- manager of an oil company, will re-
ish Ministry of Information. ceive his award m absentia.' Keilholz has nothing but the high- Boilermakers Favored
est praise for the invincible wUl of Although the Boilermakers are the courageous Britishers and Scots f^^^red to chalk up their sixth sucas well as the many other peoples eessive victory over the Hawkeyes, who have had to overcome mnumer- ^^itj^er the players nor coaches are able handicaps and hardships to taking the lowans lightly. In the
WBAA on the west side.
Twenty-eight good conduct med- keep on fighting,
als were awarded to members of the jjas Increased Food Production
3516th and 1545th service units last
the Union tomorrow night from 8:30 to 11:30. Tickets are be- week by Colonel D. M. Beere, Com-
“Despite all these
last two Homecoming appearances here, the Hawkeyes have been any-
difficulties, thing but pushovers. Four years
Honorary members and alumni on the campus of the Reamer Club have been invited to the special celebration smoker to be held after the game Saturday at 5 in loom 263 of the Union. both fraternity and independent men, but due to fiiction the two finally split. The Reamer Club was continued then as an organization for independent men only. Taking into account that beer was not available to seal business proceedings, a constitution for the Reamer Club was drawn up, and the club launched into campus life. _ Make West Side City The next year eight men of the Reamers, with C. C. Reiner at their head, were responsible for casting deciding votes in making West Lafayette a city. The following year lor the Reamers was not so progressive, and to save the group from mediocrity a complete revision of the constitution was made. In 1927 the Club actedi as chief escorts for the football team to the Big Four station when it left for the Harvard game. Pledges that year includod promi-
nent juniors and a few sophomores, the latter being accepted until in 1932 when only juniors were
pledged.
Sold Gloves A meeting held the first semester of 1931-32 brought forth the ingenious^ plan of selling gloves at the Iowa football game. The g’loves, of gold and black material, were sold to both eds and coeds who used thenj in a series of drills at the game. One of the 1932-33 highlights for the Club was their cooperation with the Gimlets and Gold Peppers in selling athletic coupon books. At this time the depression was at its worst and left the athletic department financially blighted. That same year Reamers sponsorgd movies at the Mars and Luna to pay traveling expenses of the tennis
team.
Sponsored Tournament Last year the freshman tournament among Big Ten universities wa^ sponsored in collaboration with the Gimlet Club. Jack Swantz is now president of the organization, which has seven active members and ten honorary members among the faculty. Nine pledges are now entertaining luncheon strollers at the Lions with school songs. '
ing sold at $1.10 by Union workers. Couples only will be ad- mandant mitted and as was announced to the V-12’s, tickets to the dance must be shown for release from
(
their barracks. Coeds hours for the dance will be 12 p. m. Ina Ray not only batons 14 men in the band but directs the writing of all her arrangements. Recently, Ina Ray and her band have released several top recordings, including the popular “At Last”, “You Made Me Love You”,
and “A Handful of Stars”. Completes Popular Tour
Stephen M. Babcock
irent enlisted detachment who have exhibited fidelity through faithful and exact performance of duty, efficiency through capacity to produce desired results, and whose behavior has been such as to deserve the
award.
These Men Received Medals
The memory of Dr. Stephen M. ice Unit, Reserve Officers Training Babliock, who died 12 years ago Corps, are Master Sgt. Tad Purchla,
Tech. Sgt. Henry R. Hill, Tech. Sgt.
England has increased her food pro- ago, Iowa spoiled the Homecoming
, , , , Auction until she is producing two- celebration by, chalking up a pecuThe medal has .been established ^ j j i. n ■ i. u ..i. p , „ „ , thirds of her food needs now where uar 4-0 victory by the marsrin of as a reward for itien of the perma- .p ,, v,'uj4-- i,!., , , before the war she had to import two safeties, while two years ago
two-thirds of all her food,” said Mr. Purdue was forced to rally «m tho
final period to take a slim 7-6 ver-
, , . , Many questions were asked con- diet. *
the food sithhtien for the Although ihjur.es to Bill Stuurt American forces m the British and Stan Dubicki, ranking left halfisles. He declared that the armed backs, have caused Coach Elmer forces were exceptionally well fed. Burnham to draft Lewis Rose, last Soldiers Want World Unity year’s Boilermaker freshman, as a Most significant of his address was potential starter against the his statement that there is a desire Hawks, the Boilermakers will be deamong all soldiers for greater ponding in great pait on the same world unity. type of powerful running attack “I found these soldiers, officers that has featured Purdue’s play so and men, who had a chance to look tar this season. The backfield will beyond our shores, feeling that t>e built around Tony Biitkovich, there should be some sort of com- ramrod fullback, the Big Ten’s leadmon understanding between nations scorer, who has accumulated 10 to avoid another world conflict,” touchdowns in five games while avsaid Mr. Ejeilholz. “Ten hours from ©raging 5.64 yaids a crack on lunthis countiy to Ireland makes some plays from sciiniinage, world plan essential, because dis- With the single exception of right tance no longer means anything.” end, where Bill O’Keefe is slated to President E. C. Elliott and Dean replace the injured Frank Baiiinan, Harry J. Reed, of the School of Ag- Burnham is expected to stand pat
The ©n the same starting forward wall
Correction
after devoting his life to the ad
vancement of the dairy industry, Albert 0. Thomet, Staff Sgt. Wil-
She has just completed a record- be honored by an exhibit in liam J. Dillman, Staff Sgt. Kenneth breaking tour of the largest theatres Smith Hall beginning tomorrow. J. Edwards, Staff Sgt. Albert C. in the country, including the Para- j)j._ Babcock was born in Biidge- Fischer, Staff Sgt. Robert J. Lundy, mount Theatre in New York, two -vvater, N. Y., on Oct. 22, 1843, but Staff Sgt. Beachem R. Lynch, Staff times within six months. later came to th^ midwest where he Sgt. Benjamin Paris, Staff Sgt. Singing songs in the toichy man- became a member of the University Leseston Riley and Staff Sgt. Wil-
ner and dancing in the best Broad- of Wisconsin faculty. During his lard 0. Walls.
way tradition, from taps to snake- 43 years in that position, he devel- Others are Sgt. Alfred C. Apple, hips, aie other talents httiibuted to oped the Babcock tester for the but- Sgt. Paul L. Browning, Sgt. James Ina Ray. terfat content in milk and cream, as H. Cain, Sgt. William Gondron, Sgt. The first jazz number ever com- Well as numerous ideas in animal nu- Herman F. Davis, Sgt. Raymond W. posed by Sigmund Romberg, “Never trition and feeding. Fraley Jr., Sgt. George H. Hardin,
Had An Education”, was written for The University display, typical of Sgt. Thomas Henderson, Sgt. Leo ^culture, also spoke briefly.
Ina Ray Hutton when she starred in many being- placed in universities L. Lockwood, Sgt. George E. Tol- committee in charge consisted of argely responsible for George White’s “Melody”. Stuart throughout the country, is being ar- bert and Techii. 6/Gr. Eelmundston Miss Jean Ary, of the foods and © lo State to a net gam of Foster, vocalist, is featured in this ranged by Piof. K. V. Bryan of the J. Davis. nutrition department, Prof. K. V. s on running plays from
so-called queen of the name bands, dairy' husbandry department and Prom the 1545th Service Unit Bryan of the department of dairy scrimmage last Satuiday.
men honored were Master' husbandry, and T. R. Johnston, pub-
Sgt. Charles C. Tanco, 1st Sgt. Beity director.
Claude E. Elliot, 1st Sgt. Ivan 0. Mounts, Tech. Sgt. Glen Dumford, Staff Sgt. Olen Morris and Techn.
6/Gr. Ben 0. Rifner.
Prof. E. L Butz
... of the department of agricultural economics was in Chicago yesterday and today to address the executive officers and salesmen of Al-
members of the dairy department. It will be on view for a week, and
the public is invited to see it. Book Exchange
will be open for business in
. . . for Sunday, October 17, Exponent, it was erroneously stated in the article “Service Men Attend Second Coed Canteens” that tiolored girls were doing the entertaining; negro coeds entertained.
lied Mills on the subject “Looking Room’267 of the Union on Monday, DOOixS
Ahead With American Agriculture”. Tuesday and Wednesday. Hours for Dr. Butz was in Chicago at the nr- Monday and Tuesday will be 1 to 6 vitation of A. G. Philips, formerly u. m., and all Wednesday morning, head of the University poultry de- Old books may be brought in and partment, now vice president of Al- will be assessed 75 per cent of their
lied Mills. former price.
. . . number 4 will be issued next week, October 25 to October 30, from 1 p. m. to 6 p. in. in room 230 of the Union. Applicants must bring book
number 3.
Notice
Representative of the AllisChalmers Manufacturing Company will be on the campus Mon“day for a group meeting at 4 p. m. in Room 108 of the Metdianical Engineering Building for E. E., M. E, and P. S. E. seniors. All seniors interested in individual interviews should sign in the Personnel Office by Saturday noon.
Newcomer's Club To Hold 'Kid' Party F’aculty group of tho Newcomer's Club will have a supper Sunday night, October 21, at 6 p. m. at the home of Mrs. E. C. Young. A “kid” party has been arranged by members of a committee composed of Agnes McCulloch. Doris Plagge, Jean Ary, Rachel Gonzales and Mrs.
Everett Wright,Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, October 21, 1943
Wnt You Be There? TomoiioW e\eninf? at 7 30 in fiont of the Union, a paiado will stait lowaid Stnait Field foi a big pep session The Uni\e\sity Rand will be theie to lead the paiade, Nello Monai chi will be theie nith his assistants to lead the cheeis. Skull and Ciesccnt meinbeis will bt theie to build and lake caie of the big bonfiic and the Gimlet Club ivill be theie to awaid the piize to the oiganizilion caii-ying the be‘^1 postei Also ‘Doc Millei mil be theie to speak to the students and will piobably have a lot of things to sa> nhich mil be of inteiesi to all The students nho shoned up at the “meet the team ’ session last Sunday aie ccitainly to be commended but theie neie all to few ot them Actually Iheie nas such a ‘=mall ciowd don n at the station to ncIconic the fiist Uni\eisitj team to beat Ohio State in manj'- yeais tha \eiy fen people icalizcd that theie nas a pe] session going on Onh fi\c coeds out ot ap pioximateh 721 could manage to postpone their dinnei an houi to come domi to the &ta tion and nelcomc the team This game bituidav will be the last home game of the season Oui team has leally done some smll liall jikn mg and desei\es oin nholehcaited suppoit It would seem that it the student oig ini7 itioiis and the studen committee can noik csfia houis to make the plans ind do the noil in selling up the pep session the h ist that the mcmbeis ot the stu dent bod\ c in do i i oi le out and chcei toi the team Attci all the ludents aie pioud of liaMiig a iec( slid tooibdl scpi id and most ot them 1( s( no time m kiting flieii tiiends tioiii olliei s(ho) kiion how good the Uni ^elsll^ and the sqn id is Avhen they aie away
Purdue Exponent coffibined With / Purdue (ndependent Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memendl UAKn, Phode 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p nt, 5377
hditor Business Manfiffcr News Editor Mnnag^iiiff Editor Sports Editors
Ellis Murphy . Mary Dilts William H Tyson Carolyn ^ilbur Raymond J Smith Russell M Liiles
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate I diti rs Tack Abbett RutlV M Ford Madolyn A ( rotnes inmob 1 Rjch'irdbon Margaret Y StcfTcb James Ackcrmati Service Staff Mo ri B ttcr GabiicI Eli s Leo Fricdmai Jack Martiro Jay Newman
Business Staff Advertising Manager G I Cnunt Assistant Advertising Manager Betty Maney Circulation Manager R O Sauerman
Staff For THis Issue Night I dit r Vogh Day Editor Grotnes C ty bditor Iird Issue Editor Margolis Sports Editor I’adl Cnrhcr A/S Rcpoilers R Ci v B Irh 11 Woe ncr R i i cloc B G cf, ry A 1 ergo Yarg P Richai Is t HU ii 1 Bn\ sic rbci Stcinb u Wiiglit Thomas Hcimai W Garber Staff Photographer W C Tolbcr
Ftitrrcl as second class matter ftt the post office in T afay etlc India a inder the act tff Congress of March 3 ld79 nd t the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Octol cr 3, 1917 authorized Tanuary 20 1922 P ibl shf on luesday Thursday and Sat irday mornings dur mg the veai except certain vneat oi per od*^ Delivered daily ly carr tr for $12 for a semester by mail for $1 fO for a m t i S ibsci ptmns m ly be blamed at ihfe Exponeni off c or t the West Desk of the Union Reprosei ted for i ationi 1 a Iv rt sing by National Advertis 1 g St V Ino rollcgo I iblishers Representatives 420 Malhon Avc New York N Y
liom the campus Eveiy student who has piide m the team and what they ha\e done should lealize that it I'y his duty to turn out and show the team that he appieciates the effoit of the squad and the Mctoiies it has bi ought home —e m
The Ratio
Who Knows ... to I
I he tcTii IS cn llic 1 e un u d tl IS IS \\t c ill ilio bi^ weel Cl fi com 1 L, up y Inch itminds me —whciehivi \\c i c 1 1 itcly ' lbs p^ii) the doit ^1 111 in i\v lid well dig A oil 11 c
( (1 TD
C ivii g the locil boys i bieak
Sizzling IS the woi 1 foi 1 utilk ^Nitsche whe is pliA'ing k id ofl po sition foi Inc fieshniin cliss this bci=on loimoilv n n embii 1 the LiUkfidd BaUct mil i lesenllv i meml ei J A1 ‘-tewuls 1 uidu cite It Ni'schc is e lently spoiling the f) itcJiiilA jiin ot i Sigma I\u 1 e met lie tiisi night on the c imj i 1 oi f otic n the I o\ s n un° hut it soul els goed
Goin Slenlv AfTaiib of the Sliible \ lult uc level iiiA thing 1 ut intiicitc these c iv‘' Ts witless the follow'ing Kapp i MdiilAii O Hiri is ap)) ii cntly gemg truly with Mtiihc P\ t J'’tk lewis wlic his his ATO ]))n out K ipp i Mai nil Inch is going steady w illi M ii me Pvt Hti i y I an iiigan whe deesnthave i pin—but who 1 jc 1 111 c Ron il i Rc ig in only 1 cttei Bee Brand—going stc icly a ith I red I Old who st II his his Phi r SI pm Il cuiei IdlU the gals iie now limning whit his tinned into i Rapp I ( inteen loi Ii iteinity and Seiv c Mei D u„hnuts an 1 eol cs —get Aoui n 1 in e iily ehums
Ihiec Gives and One Take—Poi 1 stinee Alpha Chi Maige Bur loughs ill too leccntly leturned lohn Arnolds Phi K ipp i Psi pm 1 1 Alph i Xi s lean Gibson ind Belt A Geiicke lespcctively give 1 icl t) Slid mm Oates incl Dick y ucl lospcctivcly then icspcctive Dell i 1 ni Delta ind Phi Kappa Sig pins Put on the tal e of this pi op osition IS Alaiv line Doll ilso an Alph i Xi who letinned fiom Union ( ity renn this weel end Avith Dick (Juick s D It i Chi pm Sibj 1 A an I eewen CintisWiight Ills til en leeoichon playing Bob Uettincr s img liy incl male something out of that WBAA Schedule
I 6
10 00
I ridsy
10 0
10 4 —
II 00 11 0
11 r—
tiUlc M Do c M Vesper
Mu
M tr of r Dll I i JIu r
Nc
Navy Jia 1 Bt\(; n I V ct -P 1 Opo Rci l tq, th
Nc
11 c n I m
M
Fr m tl e Pr M c New Mus c a Anyth i e 1 N 1 OfT tl c A
M 11 tt b scr
V What' lloi P 1 oil
N
Sn il a IP
w
1 r 11
1 30 1 4
1 1 c N -Nt vs
1 rm I 0 n Meet the B in 1
-New b
-Homen kcib C
Mu 1C M s c Ma 1 el
N w
Sto
r
M sie
N
Aft r
r of PI 11 15
D V V St
N
11 urstl
I
I 4 / S
1
II 1
Melo 1 c
1 M e 0 M 11 V r otic
N^w
00 Id 1 of 10—I t K 1 X
N
00 L ttl M M ir tt 1 M c 10 Vc 1 cib 4 Si t R V ew (0 M I it f 1 ayci 1—D n Ho N V 0 1 Min 1C of th Mdbtei
1 1 1 01 1 1 ( 1 1 1 I 1 I
Mo n 1 rl
tic: e M t 1
I I m t tl B I
jl rs Cl I
K V
Horn M e Sc M I t
N
St ry D V 1 he A] oLl c ry Tr I 1 Cl ebt
Ne Vb
Svnrl n
N V
1 1 m J t R 1
1 (0
Sslurilay
New WBAA B r D lilt t f t I t le I el DCS N w
Mu
Anytl 11 s B t S ii N V Oil tl A
Il Sty
H II
0\ 1 1 tl t J beta domain twas le line ! th it I eslie Nulson has sue tun 1 t 1 to the ition uitieal chainis ol ( III Sn iktl Ihtv 1 otl have the ,,]iciti tlul ni toinmon wlnth is i I ice e 1 1 i to tl wliA thcA loth ) e 1 I n th t nit it tl e in p n t II 1 t th 1 p I Ai AW \ it IS ill iti t In gl\ Ic ill * Ahsteii 1 int 1 isi tw w tks— \A h it 1 a h i] ))t 1 e 1 IJ In Mtnefct s Kapi i Sig pn Just wmdeimg—
Classified Ads .
riienritcrs All i; macn fl all make* B 1 1 1 r I r I ] lurchabci Mimeo ,rr I I k 1 f J 1 herbhotr 605 Mam af > Ut J 1 OI e 9 M p' 1 I an O i im mis watchea B I I e !■ 1 itwnt re Alberts I,oan Oir 40 Colun 1 a AA I I—I rl lilt rl II rs I la I I X I ( 1 J 1 1 rt I 1 ( I 1 A 1 > I 11 1
J I O If t I I
( Jl II II W II
yfeo-f THE NEW <SPONGE.ON MAKE UP FROM HOLLYWOOD IT S OUlCKI Only on fnifonr to ^ emoofh on o smo t powde soft Jl "icreen star" complex on NATURAL & lAStiNGI Impoiii even toned noh of looking lovel ness that veils f eckles 9nd f no I net ond lasts hou $ w thout re touching Kelps guo d ego nst sun and w nd ond fsnt d y ngI fLATTERINGI Creoted for young skins ond those Shot would took young e X glor ous shodes for every costume or mood
I 11 1—B) 1 t i R 1 r } al I J 1 J 1 01 I out—B J. i J 1 I / I I (11 i 1 I K a 1 W St I t t I U r f t r 1 1 a J S i ul i 1 I ft ut Cl Buy War Bonds And Stamps .
f)00
O product of GotcmloK 2)cmuc4. (nft CPMNtcno wiia *i i !oc tir> cksebA.
have you tried the new Eisenberg lipstiek‘/ A wonderful Eisenberg Original' Smooth long lasting scented with your favorite Excitement perfume Its ted lucite case is a dash of cheer for your handbag' Colors Light Medium Dark, Transparent (for just a touch of color) Sold only at (your store) la (your city)
PalaTs'^Roijdl
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lii^
Natices
Sovcntli I’Ci'iti Me s ond AE s It is time for you to begin havint, employment inter views Secure the follow ng material from Miss Hncktr in the ME Office 1 Interview piocedure sheef 2 Company list 3 Re quest for Interview caids 4 Confidential Faculty Recbmthendation” foim Watch bulletin board and Exponent for interview nbliCe^ —BOEZ Students Any student who wishes to woik for the Registrar during the registration for the November lerm November 5 and 6 1943 will please leave his name at the desk irt the Registrar s office '—STONE ROTC Mon There will be a meet ng of the ROTC Fiiday evening at 7 JO at tht Sdo it hall in Lafayette —JONES Sigma Alpha Epsilon Meeting, ii lo m 304 every Monday at 7 30 i m AH se vice men on campus please attend —JONLS Sigma Delta Chi Meeting in Exponent office Friday Oct 22 at 6 p m
—MURPHY
Dolphins Ihorc Will be a moetinj, foi nil actives in room 104 of the FicldhoUse tn Thuraday. October 21 at 7 15 p m Initia tion will DO held SUndhy October 24 at 2 30 p m Pledges rhUfit have locker room com pletod and have all lequired ol jpct t the Fieldhouse by that time —MURPHY YWCA Cal met and Committee Important meet ng at 4 p m on Fiiday Plea e be prompt —CALDWELL
Kdppa Delta Rhd national StfCifll fiatfirnity, announces the appoiontrhent of new ofRceis as follows Alex Johnsop, presiderit, Cletus Tepas, vidb piesideht, Paul Budai lush chairman, Robert Kropf, secretary, Gepr^e Peer, sgt at arms, Donald Roberts, chapldln, and Donald Corp, social
charrman
Alphi) Phi Omepra An o itdooi fticetiUg will bo hold thuisdoy Ottober 23 r^scmljlt! in fiont of the TJnion at 7 30 —HXJFl
KDP Son)? 1 ractioc it 10 P
Oclobei 24 at 214 Picfct —JOHNSON Skull and Crescent Importi nt nriict ni? in loom 303 ot the Un on toni|?ht nt 30 Plans of the Cotillion will be 1 Bcusscd Also pi q iiationa foi the bonfiic. to be held Fr day ni|?ht will be made -^KLEIN Theta Alpha Epsilon All pledt,e3 leport
to b liza Fovvlei Hull today at 4
Service Men Any aerviofc man who cn tefed his Kirl s plbt irc m the Blnuty Con test mi y obtain the i hotoprraph in the Ex p incnt olTitt tomorrow at 4 i m ' —MARTIKE
Try An Exponent Classified!
‘I don’t think I’ll have any trouble adiustmg myself to postAVai conditions—I alAvays liked men, even as civilians ”
University Calendar Thursday, October 21
12 00 noon 1 OOP M 7 00 P M 1 00 PM G 30 P M 7 00 P M 7 30 P M 9 00 P M
2 30P M 5 OOP M 5*00 P M 7 00 PM 7 30 PM 8 00 PM 8 30 PM
Meeting of Ind School Bus Drivers Elizi Povtlcr Hall Committee on State of University Room 263 Union Illubtrated Lecture—Synthetic Rubbti Eliz r Powlei Hall Friday, October 22 Chinc'-c student Interviews Room 261 Union Ross Adc Directors Room 263 Union Seivicc Show (seivice men only) Hall of Music Rtsb Ade foundation Members Room 263 Union D incc—Ina Ray Hutton N & S Balhooms U^ion Saturday, October 23 HOMECOMING Football—loAVd Ross Ade Stdclium Pi Kappa Phi Get together Room 261 Union Reamer Club—Smoker Room 263 Union Phi Sigma Kappa Alumni Room 261 Union Victory Varieties Show Hall of Music Tail Epsilon Phi Dance Chapter House Sigma Alpha Mu Dance Chapter House
11
S f ly P ot,r n M c
N w
1 on M
12 1 Meet 11 c B d 1 4d Ma 1 ot
I’’ TB Nc
1 no K 1 Staqc 1 31 —Marcl )? t V cto j
1 Nt
2 on M IS. c 2 ir 1 t t,an e D p in P r p Ho n m 1 pt C n 5 00—Mub t Co t Ch tl S 1 1 y
4 Nell tri n lb K li Nc vb
Np vs
8 00 Ml 1C 8 30 Hti I y Ho c etc ) An Er t o
Ntv
10 00 Off the A
(N y 1 x pr 'm i c Wool anl
1
( 00
M
Mat of P aytr D ni c H
MFdViSTtt TODAY - FRi. - SAT.
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popula and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam I afayette Phone 79 T 7
Tli$ ilonde^Bombsliel! '' Is Qieen of tk AssemMy Line Mow!
LUMA TODAY - FRI. - SAT. HE S9FIGS A SON© OF SIX-GUNS! ^iims
ROY ROGERS , SHEILA RYAN BARtON MclANE ARLINE JUDGE
— PLUS — AL PEARCE DALE EVANS — in — 'HERE COMES ELMER'
Pa0woo<t has pain hisp0mr>
gmi/ryi What talent I what diTiof'Oft' Vi/hat app
, ^ f .
1
MABX
TODAY and TOMORROW
you need the aid of good tools Draftsmen do finer work with i Microtomic Von Dyke Drawing Pencils They appreciate the Hl-DENBltY LEAD that gives a 18 DECREES heavier more opaque line without messy smudging Also 6 IN SPECIAL L^es are clean smooth without pressing erdsute CHlSU POINT ’fflk ij easier Clear, sharp reproduction is assured EBERHARD FABER Jlettdelihtp in fine writing materials since
VI-..,
.W- 4t'"' V
Yom Hot SPOUT sHoe
OUR LOW PRICE
BACK THE ATTACK — WITH WAR BONDS
332 MAIN STREET
LAFAYETTE
nnins Coast Guardsman stands watch oaer the A convoy — telephones warnings that keep it irl protected formation —helps to get lighting men and fighting equipment through to then destination On every battlefiont—at sea, on land and in the air—telephone and radio equipment made by Western Llectiic IS seeing plenty of at tion Tor 61 years, this Company has been the martiifacturei foi the Bell Telephone System In the important war work that Western Electric is doing today, college graduates—men and v, omen of varied abilities —aie finding opportunities to seivetheir country well. Buy War Bonds regularly—from now till Victory!
Western Electric IN PEACE SOURCE Of SUPPLY FOR THE BELL SYSTEM IN WAR ARSENAL OF COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT
k
m
k i;V'
ews
Tkuradtlf^ October Mr
Pbr 8crvtc(^ Men, By Bereice Men
f^sotiaei Notes ' ■—;-,ii iW - .:' .■ , n n'.iii. ■, ■ n Gompanies scheduled to visit the ca^p^s: Spie^rty Products, InCj, Hobeken, hJij J.—October 25. Interested in M]E,:feE. General Aniline & Film Corporationi EaStbh/ PenneyIvartift—T-Octo-^ befc 26. Ihtefested in B.S;, Ph.D. Chemists. , . Sljcli Development Co., EmeryVilldj: Gah—€)ctobey25. Interested in ^hyjdeal^Cfiiemist^ Ch.Ei HtltlfiiltOn Standard Propellers^ Division of United |Aircraft Corp., E. !Nhrtford, Conn,—To be
ndurtced.' Interested' Itt Sl.E.j A,E;, E.E., C.E. : Merck And Co., Rahwdy, N. J.— November 11. Interested in Ch.E.j Chemists, (B.S;i M.8.vPh.D.) General Electric Cofftpany, -Schenectady\ N. Y.—^October 22. Interested in MiE.j E.E. , E. 1. duTont de Neittours & Co., Richmond, Vh.—^Monday, j October 26. Interested in Ph.I). chemists (physical, ihorghnic, analytical); also Ph.D. chemical engineers. Ailis-Chaimers Mfg. C8., Milwaukee, Wis.—October 26. Interested in E.E., M.E., P.S.E, Si A. M. Laboratoriesi Columbia University, Division of War Research, New York—October 26. In-
terested in Ch.E., M.B., E.E.| S.S., M.S. and Ph.b. chemists. ■ DodglaS Aircraft Chttfpanyi Inc., ,El SegUhdOj caiif.-^October 26 and 26.aintere^ea in A.E.^ M.E., C.E., B.E.", Y’ . Lockheed-Xega Aircraft Corpora'* tion? B^]irbank^Galifi-^November 16. Interested-in A.Ei; E.E., C.E.
Chester, N. Y.^Intefested in M.E., ChvEi, Physlcistsi- Sign by (Dct. 2Y. National Advisory Committee for AeronaiiticS) Lahgley Fields Hampton, Vai-^IntereSted in A’.E., M.B.,.
C.E.
Hooker Eldctrocheinicai Com-pany,-Niag^arn Palis, New YOrk^—Interested in Ch.E. Sigh by October 23. Ethyl Corporation, Detroit, Michigan^—Interested in M.E. not subject to military service. Sign by October 27.
‘ These companies are not scheduled to Visit the campus; however, they are^ interested in students for
employment:
SKP Industries, Inc., Dhiladetphia, f*a.—Interested in M.E. With railroad option. Sign in f^ersonnel
Office by Wednesday, October 21 Will Hfiar teeVV Patifir BausOh & Lomb Ojifical Co., Ro- r
Orders have been received from headquarters for all NaVy y-12 seniors now completing their last term to report to this station at 1 p. m. SatUPdayj October 30, it was disclosed by Lieut. It. 0. Fulton, V-12 executive officer, late yesterday after-*
teacher's Conference \
noon.
WE SHUDDER TO THINK of the mussing up Harrington’s let himself in-for ... But we’re not one whit worried about his coat. For Rambler can take it ! IT CAN TAKE TWISTING, dodging, squirming, weavilng ... and say, speaking of weaving, you should see that Rambler weave! It’S remarkable! And because of the way Rambler is woven you can crush a piece of this amazing fabric in your fist and it won’t even wrinkle! RAMBLER'S SECRET is that it’s a special blend of alpaca, mohair and wool... and these three types of fibers combine perfectly to give you maximum warmth with minimum weight! That’s the winning point, we think! WHY NOT TRY ON this husky, handsomely tailored coat and see how easy it is to be all of the Big Three this season .. . warm, comfortable and smart? The kick-off? Any time this week that you stop in! The payoff? Rambler’s price is a lot less than you’d think for a coat of such quality! $45.00 Others (all wool) $25.00 up
A 9SAR FOR WEAR
TAILORED BY
HART SCHAFFNER S MARX
Dr. J. Rby LeeVyof tHP dduCation and applied, psychology departmOht will preside at One Of tfic general sessions of the Iftdiana Academy of Social science wheh it meets ih connection with th© State. Teachers As-
sociation today.
Dr. Leevy will also read a paper on “War-Time Adaptations in Sociology” at the Social Studies ECction Of the Teachers Association,,
The day following, which is Sunday, October 31, the men will be conducted from this station — —— to Midshipman’s Schools or to hildnight, Thursday, Nov. 4. l^aval Training Stations from Every man who has met the Nawhore they will later bn as- Program reSigned to Midshipman S included in this order. No one in Schools. It was. not disclosed the group will remain at the Unihow many men will be affected by versity While he awaits admittance thi^ order nor What percehtage Will to Midshipman’s School, go directly to the sebools, It is presumed that some of the The qrder, which Seniors have senior's leaving here are being sent been expecting for several weeks; to naval training centers rather Will mean that^they only receive a tbUn directly to school either be-foUr-day ICaye instead of the nine- caiise the schools are crowded or beday leave which bogins for all hands catise their terms may not begin
_ m A g: f on Tuesday, Oct. 26. Men who are on Nov; 1.
Buy War Bondi
. ' ^ ^ station until iflidshipman’s schools in the coun-
try: Notre Dame, Columbia in NeW York, Annapolis, Northwestern and Wellesey, where Supply Corps officers are trained. It is not known what will be th^ duties of the men stationed in trUining centers while they are awaiting assignment to
midshipmen’s school.
Meanwhile, Lieiit. Fulton clarified a statement made earlier this month. “In one of the daily worksheets, it was announced that all hands who Were ‘eligible for leave would be granted a nine day leave
Well, SHE Cares! , i . Sb before you go out for the big games . . . see Whdt goes oh here * • . new tweeds, plaids and fleeces • • • single, double-breasted ■ « • set-iii or raglau sleeves
Aboui-Campus Coats . . , processed cotton or Corduroy—the smartest things in town
13000
University Men Shop at Baltimore
Aeromodelers HoM
Taking to the air for the fourth Aeromodellers’ Club contest, hand launched and\ guide-line plane fliers will compete Sunday afternoon in the Field House from 1 to 4 p. m. Anyone wishing to enter the eontetst is eligible if he has either of the two types of planes to be featured in the event. Entry fee Will be 50 cents and balsa and hardwood gliders of any size will be eligible in the glider phase. There will be prizes given to the winners of the contest for gliders and/to the persons whose planes display the most speed of the controlled planes.
from Get. 27 to Nov. 4. The tern* ‘eligible’ did not refer to delinquency in scholarship or to the amount of demerits a man might have; It was simply inserted there in anticipatioh of this order we noW have which cuts the vacation time of the seniors in half. “As a matter of fact,” he added, “we have not yet decided on the policy which the station will follow in I’egard to delinquent students.” The number of incoming freshmen will exceed the number of otrtgoing seniors, according to the liehtehant, thus insuring a full complement on board at all times. The new men may be expected to arrive ■ some time before registration which begins Friday, Nov. 5. TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
SjtinqA, bade old, pusmdsL.— Meet and Eat After the Game JhsL lAniotL. (^a^ide/da, . . . the food is delicious and nutritious . . . the service is rapid . . . the prices are economical Take this tip and come— You ’re sure to enjoy it!
WhunoruxL UniofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
ALWAYS MEET AFTER THE GAME AT
Boilermaker Headquarters O. M. Pipes'31Sa
tit, .
Botlermaker S0iorts * , ,; .
M ^
Boilermaker *B’ Team Set For Xavier Game
M. E. Mundell Speaks Band Will Precede
Pep Rally To Stuart Field Friday At 7:30
At Ag Conference
Riveter Sports Staff Riveter Cross Country Predicts... Men Face iU Saturday
Kolschov And Wlllkie To Lecture Tonight
Lecturing on a topic of national
After playing Culver Military Academy to a scoreless tie last Saturday, the Boilermaker “B” team is now preparing for its coming game with Xavier University at Cincin-
nati, this Saturday night.
Leading the team on the ground interest tonight at 8 in Fowler Hall, attack against Culver were Milaus- H. Frederick Willkie and Dr. Kolkus and Fox. / Accoi’ding to Coach gchov, Seagram company officials, Claude Reeck, however, the team’s will speak on the manufacture of passing was very poor and could syntheteic rubber from alcohol stand much improvement. made from farm grains. The lec-Line-up tures are open to the public. A tentative starting line-up for Kolschov is Seagram’s chief the coming game with Xavier has Willkie, who is brother of been announced by the coach. Stalt- \yendeii Willkie, will address the wor and Clatt will patiol the flanks, Lafayette Kiwanis club on the inLinder and Uber should occupy the training programs to speed
tackle posts, while Porter and Lock- pj-oduction.
The lectures are sponsored by the Indiana Farm Bureau and the local
Chamber of Commerce.
heed will play the guard positions. Huntington will be at center. The starting backfleld should be composed of Clatt at quaiterback, Milauskus and Lewis at the halfbacks,
and Fox at fullback.
The remainder of the “B’
heed, Huntington, Milauskus, Lewteam IS, Fox, Famgoly, Danell, Frisch,
which will make the tup to Cmcm- Stesko, Sawoids, Fox, Naethans, nati will be made up of 17 men. Byrd, Nettesheim, Meyer, Handey, The traveling squad: Staltwor, Schurzboch, Far'n, Schultz, Kearich Linder, Uber, Clatt, Portor, Lock- and Greer.
In Washington, D. C. Prof. Marvin E. Mundel of the general enginearing department is to speak today before the members of the Agricultural Extension Workers Outlook Conference meeting in Washington, D. C. An analogy between time and motion study techniques in industry and agriculture will be his subject. Recently several Indiana tomato peelers were studied in the University’s time and motion study laboratories as a project of the Farm Work Simplification program. Prof. Mundel, working with Roscoe Framer of the agricultural extension staff and Wilbert Luley, senior M. E., developed a method of peeling superior to all those studied. Instruction leaflets and motion pictures explaining this method were distributed by the Agricultural Experiment Station and Agricultural Extension Service to tomato peelers who helped pack the 1943
crop.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Another pep session will be held in front of the Union tomorrow night at 7:30 ^p. m. and the crowd, led by the University band, will proceed to Stuart Field from the original site of meeting. Main speaker for the occasion will be Dr. Miller, head of the Student Health Service, who will bring to mind many things of interest to the team an'd the students. Nello Monarchi, plus his corps of assistants, will also be on hand to lead in the cheers for the Boilermaker eleven. Earlier in the evening the membei s of Skull and Crescent will provide a huge bonfire for the auspicious event, and during the gala affair, members of the Gimlet club will award the piize to the organization with the ‘best poster for the Homecoming pep session.
By Jujnior Staff Members This week we will again attempt to predict the outcome of the v^iuous games, with greater success, we hope. Here they are: In the Boilermaker-Iowa tilt, opinion is unanimously in favor of the Boilermakers to win by a score of 40-7. At South Bend, the national leader, Notre Dame, should easily administer a whipping to a young, spirited Illinois team, 64-7. At Bloomington, Indiana should defeat Wisconsin in a battle which shouldn’t be a walkover, ag other Indiana tilts have been—score 13-7. At Ann Arbor, in the game of the week, Michigan should regain thd “Little Brown Jug” by defeating the Minnesota Gophers by a score of 21-13. At Columbus, Coach Paul Brown
Coach Herman Phillip’s crosscountry team will face Indiana at Bloomington Saturday at 10. Coach Phillips has nine men to pick from and will pick eight to make the trip. The men who will be in shape for Saturday’s meet ai'e Judge, Ei’icson, Beile, Peterson, Mannfeld, Haynes, Kennedy, Wahl and Neilson. The strength of Indiana’s team is unknown, but it is known that they were state, conference and l^ashould continue to moan as the Buckeyes lose to Northwestern, 26-19.
tional champions last year. state meet will be held here on No* ‘ vember 6. New Record A new course record was established by Tom Jpdge in the time trials last evening wheh he ran the approximate three and one-half miles in 17 minutes and 13 seconds. Ericson came in second with 18:19; IV^annfeld, 18:46; Neilson, 19:23; Wahl, 19:41, and McLaughton with 24:02. Tau Epsilon Phi , . . . national social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Sirney Sakowitz and Marvin Klapper, Indianapolis; Robert Simons, Marion, and Dan Margolis, Washington, D. C.
Sparrendahl Tailors FOWLER HOTEL BLDG.
WELCOME! ALUMNI! PURDUE BEAT IOWA!
Get Your—STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS University Book Store
Phone 2192
356 State
Graves Quality Bakery JinsL S/imd. and. Pxul/iisA^ SANDWICHES and Soft Drinks Also CURB SERVICE TRIPLE XXX Corner of Salisbury and Main
YOUR APPEARANCE IS OUR BUSINESS
6EISL€rS
PURDUE FOOTBALL
SauJthiVifdpLSL. SMALL ENOUGH ^ to personalize its service to you, yet LARGE ENOUGH to offer you the largest stock of USED AND NEW TEXTS ' Complete Students Supply
PURDUE No. Name and Position 74 Bauman, RE 69 Genis, RT 59 Agase, RG 67 Morrow, C 21 Barwegan LG 64 Kasap LT 50 Buscemi, LE 33 Vacant!, QB 87 Dimancheff, RHB 89 Stuart, LHB 25 Butkovich, FB
IOWA No. Name and Position 17 Danner, LE ' 31 Frey, LT 63 Mohrbacher, LG J 29 Baughman, C 51 Liddy, RG 66 Cozad, RT 61 Barbour, RE 52 Hughes, QB 53 Glasener, LHB 11 Stephens, RHB 50 Gallagher, FB ^
TONY BUTKOVICH Purdue Fullback
PATRONIZE ADVERTISERS of EXPONENT
Our 24 hour Service is as Dependable as the Boilermaker Line! Pete Doc Anderson
Be ThriftyLET US DD YOUR SHOE REPAIflIlVG BOSSU^G SHOE BIPMR 221 State Phone 2240 W. Lafayette
HARDWARE. PAINTS and SUNDRIES Edgerton Hardware E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
We’ve An Excellent Selection of Sport Jackets
Leather, Wool Combination, Corduroy and Twills
Also Slacks to Harmonize with Jackets Roger's Men's Wear
East Side Square
Purdue ’07
Corner of Sixth and Alabama
/
Phone 4048
Quality ne Quantity Sandwiches £uj^ ’em, on, ihe, Juin,, Sif, ihsL Sjcudc, anxL $jcwsL Jimsb! Everything for a College Education DEAC’S