m
■miiiisiii
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY April 21, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 159
Hollenske Issues 325 Prom Tickets;
Deadline On Refunds Is Today Noon
Prom Goers To Get Tabloid Edition
All prom goers not already possessing tickets to the affair should get them immediately, according to an announcement made last night by Bob Sasser, chairman. Today at noon is the deadline for returning tickets for refund. Prom programs may be obtained by presentation of ticket and receipt to E. Jackson in the Union check room from 10 a. m. to 1 p. m., 2 to 5 p.m., and 6 to 9 p. m. These programs must be obtained by tomorrow noon. Three hundred and twenty-five prom tickets were issued from his office yesterday, announced W. W. Hollensbe, University cashier, last night.
Prom souvenir Exponents will be available to attenders of the 1938 affair about 11 o’clock Friday night, Editor R. P. Manion announced last night. Staff members are now collecting news material and special
Sigma Delta Chi To Accept Banquet Payments Until 5 O'clock Saturday
Fraternities and sororities planning to hold social functions in connection with the Prom are asked to turn in a stoi’y concerning details to the Exponent Union office before
Board Of Trustees
Postpones Definite
Deadline Set In Advance So Script Can Be Written; Award Bailots Accompany Invitation Returns
Education Staff
To Offer Summer
PIA To Sponsor Post-Prom Tea
5 o’clock this afternoon.
Sculpturing Action
pictures for an eight-page tabloid edition—about the size of the Exposer issued at the Boilermakers’ Brawl.
At the quarterly meeting of the Board of Trustees in the Executive Building yesterday, a budget for the
Courses In Safety Saturday
Two new summer courses to assist Indiana teachers m meeting requirements for safety instruction in public schools were recently announced by Dr. Frederick B. Knight, director of the session. The instruction will include teaching preparation for home, school, traffic, occupational and recreational safety. This work will be presented by specialists from the regular staff who will be assisted by state and national experts in the safety field. Prof. A. Swope of the education staff will administer the course with the help of the following specialists: Joseph L. Lingo, safety specialist; Miss Marian Telford, New York City, representing the National Safety Council; and Dr. F. R. Nofsinger, Washington, D. C., representing the American Automobile Association. A patrol car and instructor will be available for the afternoon field work in actual driv-
ing instruction.
Courses Vary in Length Two separate courses are being offered differing only in length. The intensive course will take two weeks but it will cover three hours per day, six days per week. This course will last from June 20 to July 2. The longer course has been arranged so as to coincide with the legular Purdue Summer Session for the convenience of those who wish to take other courses at the same time. Credit will be given in each course toward graduate or undergraduate degrees. The University is conducting the work through the Public Safety Institute, the division of education and applied psychology, and divisions of physical education for men and women. It is all in cooperation with the State Department of Pub-
lic Instruction.
Pan-Hel Coimdl
Elects Officers
Jean Stolz, Alpha Chi Omega, was elected president of Pan-Hel-lenic Council and Virginia Laramore, Chi Omega, secretary-treas-urer at a meeting held yesterday afternoon in the Union. After the elections, a business meeting was held concerning the $20 scholarship to be awarded to a senior woman. The committee presented a letter that will be sent to all senior women stating the requirements for the scholarship. This letter is bding sent in cooperation with Gold Peppers who are also offering a scholarship of $100. Senior women who are applying for the scholarship for advance graduate work must answer these letters telling their grades, intentions and where they intend to study.
Prof.C. B. Murphy To Lead
PSA Discussion Tonight
Commiff'ee Arranges Entertainment' For
'Of Thee I Sing' Cast
The Prom Exponent will carry photographs of Prom Committee, Prom Queen, the orchestra leaders —Buddy Rogers and Charlie Agnew, and other appropriate picture.s, in addition to news and gossip concerning Prom goers and pre- and post-Prom entertainment.
coming fiscal year, which begins on
July 1, was adopted, according to President E. C. Elliott.
Payments for “Gridiron Banquet” tickets will be accepted until 5 p. m. Saturday, Sigma Delta Chi President Hugh Forster announced last night in response to student requests that yesterday’s deadline be extended. Money may be brought to the west lobby desk of the Union Building or sent to either Exponent office. The extension of the deadline, originally set for 5 p. m. yesterday, was necessary because a number of students complained they were unable to ' make payment by that time.
Said President Elliott when contacted last night in regard to the contemplated sculpturing in front of the Union Building- “Nothing definite was done. We’re going to study the matter.”
Post-Prom entertainment in the form of a tea dance will be supplied in the Memorial Union ballroom from 3 to 5:30 o’clock Saturday afternoon, PIA President Robert Schlundt announced yesterday. Although sponsored by the Independent Association, the dance will be open to all student and faculty couples. Students who worked on any phase of the 1938 all-University production—“Of Thee I Sing”-—^and faculty members who helped put on the show are especially invited to attend the tea dance and to partake of refreshments planned for this group only, entertainment Committee Chairman R. P. Manion said last night. This affair will provide an opportunity for the acting, managerial, and production staffs of “Of Thee I Sing” to renew associations. At 4:30 Saturday afternoon members of the show troupe will gettogether in another room of the Union to enjoy refreshments. Jack Shinn and his PIA orchestra will provide music for the dance.
Fiftli District AIEE's
Will Meet Saturday
Fifth district student branches of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers will convene at University of Illinois this Saturday to witness the Illinois Electrical Show, presented biannually. The conference will be held in conjunction with the annual tri-school meeting of Purdue, Rose Poly, and Illinois.
Approval of the transfer of the pyrometry laboratory from the depai’tment of physics to the school of chemical and metallurgical engineering was given. Gifts totaling several hundred dollars for student loan funds were accepted by the Board.
Dr. Lee To Discuss 'The Psychology Of Marriage' Tonight
Numerous faculty promotions were approved by the Board, and a few leaves of absence were granted.
“The Psychology of Marriage” discussed by Dr. Mary Morgan Lee of Chicago will be the third of the WSGA marital lectures for women tonight at 7:15 in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building.
National AIEE President W. H. Harrison will open the Saturday morning session at 9 o’clock. Following this, papers will be presented by student representatives. Ben Olson, EE ’38, will read the Purdue paper.’ Officers of the local chapter urge all AIEE’s to attend the meeting. Transportation will be furnished for the first 25 who sign up to go.
Bridge Players Get Early Start
Dr. Lee has a Ph. D. degree in psychology besides her M.D. degree. She is school psychologist at the Girls’ Latin School in Chicago and does general consulting woi’k in psychology.
In order that the Union bridge tournament finish earlier than last week, starting time for tonight’s play has been moved up from 7:30 to 7 p. m. Players should be on hand before 7 o’clock as no one will be seated after that time, according to Union officials.
Acting as chief consultant in the planning of the WSGA courses of marital lectures. Dr. Lee has been instrumental in getting all the speakers for the annual course.
Blind Organist To Give Recital This Evening
Dean Stratton Speaks In Terre Haute Today
Tau Beta Pi Members
Beg Your Pardon..
. . . Jerry Hinshaw and David Meacham will attend the National Conclave of Independent Men’s Association this week-end at Norman, Okla., instead of N. M. Parkhurst and Roger Clymer as erroneously stated in yesterday’s Exponent.
Dean Dorothy C. Stratton and Prof. Marian Willoughby will drive to Terre Haute today, where this afternoon Miss Stratton will address a group of high school girls on “Why Go to College?” In the evening she will describe “Recent Developments at Purdue.” Miss Willoughby will exhibit her doll collection.
Wifhlmld Pledge List
Playing a concert of classical selections, Miss Frances Biery, blind organist, will give a recital tonight at 8 o’clock in the First Methodist Church, in West Lafayette.
Members of Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary society, elected their spring pledges at a closed meeting last night in room C of the Memorial Union Building. Officers of the organization are withholding the names of the new men until ac-
Blind since birth. Miss Biery has held a scholarship at the American Conservatory for the past three years and has played frequently in the University of Chicago Chapel. The recital is free and open to the public, but a collection will be taken
ceptances are completed.
for Miss Biery’s benefit.
Teach Students To Think' Says Martin
“Recollection of the principles remains, after the facts are forgotten,” said Professor F. D. Martin, head of freshman chemistry courses at the University as he paraphrased an old truth for another in the series of Good Teacher interviews.
“A good teacher,” he continued, “is, in my opinion, one who can teach his students to think—to reason out problems. Listening to lectures does no good unless the student is given problems to which he must apply the principles demonstrated.” Along these lines. Dr. Martin hands out mimeographed question sheets at his lectures. These sheets with which most freshmen are acquainted, contain problems related to the lecture material and must be worked out at home and handed in during the recitation periods.
by Dr. Martin every week at which the students may ask questions on parts of the work they don’t understand. In these sessions—held after school hours—each student, in turn, is given a chance to ask a question. At the end of the first round the process is repeated until the time has been taken up. Doc claims that those who attend his Chemistry lA pep sessions are usually the top ranking members of the class. “Some day,” he said, “I hope to have a series of pep sessions at which the students may ask questions about things we do not have time to take up in the regular
per cent of this class received A’s or H’s. “I am in favor of final examinations,” said Doc, when queried about that ever-present subject. “The only objection against them is that some of the matter covered in an examination in one subject may overlap that covered by another. I believe we should work toward one general examination to determine, for example, the freshman’s preparedness to pass on to the sophomore class.
Professor C. B. Murphy, of the history, economics, and government department, will lead a discussion with members of the Purdue Student Alliance tonight at 7:30 o'clock in room D of the Union Building. “Collective Secmaty vs. Neutrality” will be the topic for discussion at tonight’s meeting. PSA members believe this to be a vital question of today, as the UniteJ States must choose one side or the other in its foreign relationships. The public is invited by the PSA to attend the discussion.
Pulls Out Old Final In response to a question about his famous tests. Doc dug a last year’s final out of the files and pointed out the different sections in it. Facts, principles, definitions, ability to distinguish between fact and theory, ability to interpret data, and ingenuity to see through the typical Martin problems were the items he stressed. According to him, the first two sections are made up of “phonograph questions,” that is, questions that call for a good memory. The rest of the test questions, especially the problems, are Doc’s means of trying to reach his goal in “teaching the students to think.” Conducts Pep Sessions Two pep sessions are conducted
“I have been trying something different in the way of laboratory instruction. In my lA and 2A classes the students are given no “cook book” directions. They are merely told what they are to make, and they calculate for themselves the proper amounts of ingredients and' the method of manufacture.
Motion Pictures Help “However in Chemistry 1 and 2 classes, the students are not experienced enough to follow this system. In order to remedy this, we hope to supplement the lecture and laboratory work by educational talking pictures obtained from the University of Chicago and Indiana University. There are from 30 to 40 films available that will fit in nicely with our work.”
Repetition—Learning Aid “In my opinion, the review of the subject matter of the course just before the examination helps the student to understand it better than he did originally. Psychologically, repetition is one of the best methods of learning.” Doc has no animosity for the present attendance rule . . in fact, believes that freshmen and sophomores do not have sufficient sense of values to be given free rein in the matter . . . and as far as juniors and seniors are concerned, that it is a matter of “self-elimination.” That is, the upperclassmen who are disinterested cut class frequently, and usually drop out of the course. Concerning activities . . . “Many of my best students are in outside activities. I am thoroughly in favor of the intramural sports program . . . the students should get exercise and fresh air.
has been used to make hardened criminals confess. After 24 hours of sleeplessness the prisoners are liable to say anything—likewise, after 24 hours without sleep a pledge is liable to write anything down.” Dr. Martin is cooperating with Dr. Remmers in studying the failures in chemistry courses. Right now they are mulling over the idea make their grades. Loss of sleep of arranging a three-semester course for those who have trouble with the subject. The additional course would be a chemistry preparatory course, something on the order of English A—which takes care of deficients in the English department.
Likes To Sail Doc’s summer recreation consists of playing tennis and sailing. He carries his boat on the top of his car and goes sailing, as he says, “Wherever I put my boat down.” In the winter, besides thinking up new ways to exercise the minds of his students, he plays the piano (strictly amateur), listens to selections from his library of 250 phonograph records, and plays a neat game of chess.
Personally, in lectures, classes, and labs. Dr. Martin comes into eontact with 1,041 freshmen students. Of these, 84 per cent received credit for last semester's work. Thirty
Dislikes Hell Week “Hell Week,” Doc continued, “is the only activity I am decidedly against. It has a bad effect on the pledges and as a result they can’t
By 5 p. m. yesterday nearly 175 faculty members, students, and townsmen had indicated they would attend the banquet. Over half of this number were faculty members and townsmen with the students far in the minority. To Write Script
Reason for setting the deadline so far in advance of the banquet date which is April 26, was to enable Sigma Delta Chi men to have a list of those attending for scriptwriting purposes. Since most of those invited have responded already, it is possible to take a few late payments. Returns on the ballots which accompanied the invitations are interesting. Some nominations for special awards include: For Brown Derby Award (student who gets by with the least effort) : Dick Craig, Tom Garland, John Brock, Art Siebenthal, and Cecil Isbell. Lily Award Suggestions For Lily Award (student with the most social accomplishments): Jim Shoemaker, Ward Stallings, Jim Nesbitt, Tommy Graham, and Louis Putze. For Gold Derby Award (faculty member who loafs most on the job): Physics staff, G. A. Young, Captain Beckley, Joe Raub, Dean H. E. Enders, and Edin Brenes. Two serious awards also will be made at the banquet. They are the Leather Medal, to the staff member who has done most for the University; and the new “Best Teacher Medallion,” to the instructor or professor best of the Exponent’s “good teachers.”
Slate Police Meet
For Traffic School
Studying problems similar to those of the first group that finished its course here last week-end, the second group of Indiana State Police to attend the University’s police school will remain here for the duration of the week. Lieut. Don Kooken, of the Indiana State Police, is in charge. Planned as a part of the statewide police program to lessen accidents and fatalities in the state, the school offers courses in photography, laws of evidence, accident reports, and traffic problems, under supervision of Lieut. Robert Raleigh of the Northwestern University traffic division.
Professor Honeywell
To Speak At Ag Meeting Wives of University agricultural staff members will be honored guests at the regular monthly luncheon, which will be held next Monday noon in the Memorial Union Building. The principal speaker on the program will be Prof. E. R. Honeywell, of the horticultural department, who will speak on “Garden Flowers.” Pm-vis Albright, poultry extension specialist, is chairman of the committee making arrangements.
He expresses what you might call his philosophy of teaching thus: “I hope,” he said, “that everybody learns a little from our courses; that those who wish can learn a lot; and that those who wish to get through with the least possible amount of work—well, there’s always the grade of P!”
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair in the north portion and possibly showers in the south portion. Not so cool in the northwest portion today. Showers tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperatares: High, 62; low, 46; mean, 54.£diJttfuaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diumiA,
Thursday, April 21, 1938
When The Flag Passes... ... by in processions of any kind it has been the custom to stand at attention, with heads bared. Certain Purdue students and townspeople, however, neglect to observe this patriotic tradition of 150 years. According to best flag etiquette, there are at least two times during each Corps day review when onlookmg students, faculty members, and other ^ isitors should come to attention . . . either vhen in the Armory or on Intramural Field When the brigade has been assembled and the colors are carried into the Armory, Corps “reviewers” should come to attention . , . and
stay at attention until color-bearers have fallen into positions and the brigade commander has ordered, “Present arms!” When the colors pass out, the visitors should again come to attention. Two regiments make up the brigade for each of the University’s Corps days—^both Tuesday’s and Thursday’s. Each regiment is accompanied by the United States flag and by its own colors. So, when each of these color sections marches by the inspecting groups of visiting observers on Intramural Field ... it’s the proper thing for men to remove hats and come to attention. These little acts of respect toward “the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands” demand merely a little thoughtfulness on the part of the doer. Just acts of courtesy—that’s all they are—and we believe any person will feel better for having carried them out.
TOD\Y WE RECEIVED . . . a lettei fiom C B Staffoid who claims to be oui enmeermg coiiespondent ” He says he has airived at the conclusion, aftei conducting a few “expel nnents,” that theie can be no Boilei makers His leasons have something to do with the distance fiom some place to another, the time it takes for something to stiike something, and tiack shoes. DON’T GIVE UP . . . hope yet, Stafford old boy. You vill be a Boileimakei some day WE RE GETTIN’ D—N . . . tired of these pomes about the feud between eds and co-eds. We
ARC
TODAY—Fill .—SAT
Eleanor Stewart —ALSO— “PAINTED ST\LLION’
No. 6
OLDWYN FOLLIES
IN TECHNICOLOR with ADOLPHE MENJOU THE RITZ BROTHERS ZORINA*KENNY BAKER ANDREA LEEDS HELEN JEPSON PHIL_BAKER EDGAR BERGEN •CHARLEYJIcCARTHY' LAST 3 DAYS
LUMA
leceived at least 10 on both sides of the question today . but we’ie laying down the law that we’ll punt no moie unless they aie cleveiei than all h—1
What, Where, When?
Piom and what, wheie, when No mattei how hot the weathei and how much it belies the statement, the Junioi Prom is a wintei formal and accoidingly the law says boys must weal tuxedos oi tails-—not dark tiouseis and white coats Despite the ciy of equality of the sexes, gills on the othei hand may choose fiom the fiee lange of daik
-^11 ii**
FLOWER? cyaiigtos ^ SEEDS- ^ Everything for Flowers and Gardens SPim HARDWARE 822 Main St.
iTsni STARTSTODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
to light, taffeta to organza and chiffon. No doubt light colois and mateiials will piedominate, for spring IS heie and the young lady’s fancy has turned to light, fluffy, fairylike visions foi di esses.
Improve Your BALLROOM DANCING Enroll in Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS Friday, April 22 7:30 P. M. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6ih & Ferry
To obtain a spotty picture of the collegiate mind today, one has but to turn to the myriad of surveys being conducted on college and university campuses. But spotty as the pictuie may be, the spots do come together to foim a pretty solid picture of what collegians think and believe Witness these lesults of recent polls. Skidmoie College students favor compulsoiy chapel attendance and favor seimons on moral standards, personality, and philosophy bf life. Learn Facts Students and faculty membeis at Earlham College favoi bull sessions mostly because “we leain facts in them that piofessors aie either unwilling 01 afiaid to give out” The Council of Chmch Boaids of Education has just leleased the following fiiguies in 1,340 colleges and univeisities suiveyed, 88.3 pei cent of the students stated they had a prefeience foi a paiticular leligious faith. Said the lepoit “We do not deny that theie aie dangeious influences at woik in some institutions During the sophomore yeai there is a distinct tendency away from religion On the other hand, during the junioi and senioi years there appeals to be a return to religion.” U. S. Should Cooperate Delegates of 20 institutions at the New England Student Peace Fedeiation confeience passed a resolution uiging the United States to entei into a new cooperative movement with othei nations of the
ELECTRICAL
How many of these Questions can you Answer^ 1. What IS the horsepower of an ordinary electric clock motor ^ 2. When, where and what was the first officially scheduled radio broadcast^ 3. How many pounds of coal are needed to produce a kilowatt hour of electricity today ^ 4. How fast do the electric elevators travel in Radio City, New York? 5. Where and what is the largest all electric-welded building in the world? 6. What IS the greatest advantage of alternating current over direct current? 7. Who invented the A. C, watt hour meter? 8. What is Micarta? 9- How does the average cost of electricity today compeu'e with 1913? 10. What cooling medium has been found supienor to air for high speed turbine-generators? ANSWERS WILL BE FOUND ON PAGE ^
WARNER BROS.’ Smashing New Prison Drama!
IFWN F I flWF*( ImIwWPIv iUi lifllH IwUf ; l$fn4 9inig*'«i — with — DICK FORAN —JUNE TRAVIS
TODAY - FRI
MARS
world based on the Christian principles of justice and charity. Eighty-one percent of University of California at Los Angeles males voted for the “hard to get” kiss. A majority of Swaithmore College students favor collective action by the U. S. to maintain peace. Where Are You From? A. U S. Office ot Education suivey leveals that 32 4 per cent of the college students live within the county in which their institution is
located, 9.4 in the adjoining county 45 pel cent m other parts of the state, and 13.2 percent in other states. Eighty per cent of Villanova College students would not fight foi the U. S. m a Euiopean war. Most of the students theie believe Piesident Roosevelt is the most popular man m the U, S. University of Denvei students believe there should be more morning classes, fewei in the afternoon.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqore Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
THE SAN CARLO GRAND OPERA COMPANY Fortune Gallo, Managing Director
Bizet’s CARMEN
MARU CASTAGNA AROLDO LINDI
MOSTYN DAVIS LEOLA TURNER
and the all-star cast that is to present “Carmen” within two weeks in the first grand opera engagement ever offered in Radio City. Dances by the San Carlo Opera Ballet Jefferson High School Gymnasium Monday, April 25th, 8 P. M. General Admission $1.00. No reserved seats. Tickets on sale at Decker’s, Reisner’s, Sonthworth’s or at the ticket window Auspices: Purdue Lectures and Convocations
A Vet xVtaL'Y® '' x. ^a^® oti is sW»^ - co^
BELL TELEPHONE SYSTEM*w
Thursday. April 21. 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Intramurols
BASEBALL—TODAY Diamond 1— Ward 5 vs. Ward 3. 2— Ward 2X vs. Ward 12. 3— Ward 11 vs. Ward 7X. 4— Ward 2A vs. Ward 13. 5— Ward 10 vs. Ward 4. 6— Alpha Chi Rho vs. ATO. 7— Ward 17X vs. Cary Hall 5. 8— Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 9— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Pi. 10—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 4.
FRATERNITY TENNIS SINGLES —Today— Kappa Sigma vs. Triangle. Tan Epsilon Phi vs. ATO or Theta Xi. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Beta Theta Pi. Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa or Phi Delta Theta.
Our service is free as air
This store is built on service as well as stone and steel. It's a special brand of service for which there is no charge. We try to study your wants and cater to them—with the kind of courtesy and understanding that make fSst friends. Perhaps that's why so many men come here for their PALM BEACH SUITS They pay the same low price they pay elsewhere —and the advantages of a wide selection — finding what they want—and being expertly fitted — are our gratis contributions. May we show you your Palm Beach wardrobe for business, play and evening wear?
$17.75
is the price for all suits — except the dinner formal ($20.00). Cool Palm Beach Slacks are $5.50.
Track Team Faces Illinois In First Conference Meet Track Coach Phillips indicated yesterday afternoon that Illinois’ superiority in the field events would probably prove to be the deciding factor in the scoring when the Illini and Purdue track teams meet at Champaign Saturday. The Illini are strong in the field where the Boilermakers are noticeably the weakest. When the two squads met last year, the Purdue men were shut out of the first and second places in all of the field events except one, and that was a three \yay tie for first in the pole vault, with Sines figuring in the running for Purdue. Hurdles’ Rivalry The hurdle races in the Saturday meet should be hotly contested. Bob Lemen, Purdue ace, will be opposed by Robinson, winner of the high hurdles in the Big Ten Indoor meet last year, and Brunton, another Illinois man who placed in last year’s Big Ten meet. Lemen defeated these two in the low hurdles, but lost in the high hurdles in outdoor meets last year. Purdue is expected to be particularly strong in the distance events. Knapp has been showing great improvement in the mile and turned in one of his best times of the season
Baseball, Tennis Squads Home For Heavy Week-End Sports Schedule Baseball and tennis will occupy the home spotlight for Purdue’s spring sports followers this week-end. as the track squad journeys to Champaign, 111., for the second dual meet of the
outdoor season against Illinois.
League AMERICAN LEAGUE
Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE
Basil Petry... . . . injured in yesterday afternoon’s varsity football scrimmage, was reported not in a serious condition by St. Elizabeth Hospital authorities last night. Petry, reserve center, was knocked unconscious on the opening play of the practice as he tackled the ball-carrier. The exact extent of \^his injuries were not known, but it\was thought that he suffered merely from the force of the contact and would be released today.
There is now an effort being made to attach small public address microphones to the masks of baseball umpires. in the meet against Michigan State last Saturday. Bodeau has been turning in consistently good performances in the middle distances and is expected to add several tallies to the Boilermaker score in the meet with the Illini tracksters.
STOP and SEE our Complete Line of PALM BEACH SUITS and WHITE FORMAL COATS Baltimore Clothes Shop 414 Main St.
Purdue’s baseball squad, which has broken even in eight starts so far this season will open its Big Ten campaign in a two game series with Minnesota, playing at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon and again at 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon. Arnold Bredewater, veteran right handed hurler, is slated for the hurling assignment on Friday, with either Stu Heiss or Carl Manga^ due for mound duty in Saturday’s
tilt.
In view of developments in recent games, Tom Dickinson is expected to again receive the center field assignment, with Joe Doan a possibility to replace Joe Waling at first base. Tennis Match.«Tomorrow Although playing without the services of Carl Fischer, who held the Michigan intercollegiate title for three years, the Western State Teachers’ College tennis team will provide tough opposition for the Boilermakers in their match tomorrow afternoon, on the varsity courts north of the Fieldhouse. Fischer, who graduated last year will be replaced by Capt. Milton Ruehl in the number one position, with Matt Chandler playing in number two. Floyd Zavitz and Bob Olson, sophomores, and Willis Judd, junior, are next in line, with the number six position very much in doubt. For the Boilermakers, the first four positions are certain to go to Wakefield, Traylor, Gardner, and Fuente, but their order of playing is not decided. For the five and six posts, the battle is among Mann, Jackson, Brodsky, Hebbeler, and Blitz.
Won
Lost Pet.
Won
Lost
; Pet.
Washington
3
0
1.000
Chicago
.. 2
0
1.000
Chicago . .
. . 2
0
1.000
Pittsburgh
2
0
1.000
Boston
2
1
.667
New York .
1
1
..500
St. Louis
1
1
..500
Brooklyn .
. 1
1
..500
Cleveland
1
1
..500
Philadelphia ...
... . 1
1
..500
New Yol'k
1
2
.333
Boston . .
1
1
..500
Detroit
0
2
.000
Cincinnati ....
... . 0
2
.000
Philadelphia
.... 0
3
.000
St. Louis
0
2
.000
^Le loueiieit PROM CORSAGE
Give her the beautiful flowers she wants and deserves — and order from our large assortment.
DORNER’S
p.
wm
There is Romance in the Word
Music
Soft Lights ^ and Flowers
Flowers of all description. •Roses, gardenias and violets. Blended in corsages with springtirhe loveliness. You'll be sure to make a hit!
Roth
LUNA' THEATRE BUILDING PHONE 79 H Prompt Delivery Service
Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 5; Deti’oit, 4. Cleveland, 9; St. Louis, 0. Washington, 3; Philadelphia, 0. New York and Boston (no game).
Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 10; Cincinnati, 4. Pittsburgh, 9; St. Louis, 4. Boston, 6; New York, 4. Philadelphia, 6; Brooklyn, .5.
be sophisticated for prom Her Prom dress—one of the most important frocks of her whole lifetime! Choose from Harry's exquisite collection of dresses especially chosen for this important event. A Large Selection Included are crepes, mousseiine de sole, organdy, georgette and other soft and lovely fabrics. Youthful styles, still with that touch of sophistication she'll want.
HARRY’S STYL'E SHOP
o o o
The new Palm Beach Slacks For, classroom, campus, dances, dates and other active sports, the new Palm Beach slacks are de rigueur. There’s nothing like them to smarten up an odd jacket or sport coat. They sail through a stiff tennis or golf match without losing their handsome drape. They wash and clean like new. Your favorite clothier can show you a complete slack wardrobe that meets every requirement of good taste and good value. See the Fairway model, for general informal wear, and the Golfer, whose reversible bottoms keep the divots out of your cuffs. Ask to see the new Airtones, whites, stripes and plaids.
Palm Beach Suits , . . . Palm Beach Evening Formal
^17.75 ^20.0Q
TA'^B.D BY POOP ALL. FfcbM VHB aSKuim T5TBVH
IF IT BEARS THIS LABEL— IT‘S GENUINE PALM BEACH
i
600DALL COMPANY* CINCINN'iCOm
I
^taaoL (Ha,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TiotksLA
Thursday, April 21, 1938
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F- EbershofF, 605 Main street.
RENT A NEW ROYAL—Portable Typewriter by the week or month. Call 6477 Decker’s, 518-20 Main.
TYPING—Theses and\term papers—Mary Catherine CaWoll. Call 55684 at 1704 South street.
WILL PERSON—Who took the drawing instruments from my desk please return them. Robert Dirmever.
LOST—Gentlemen’s yellow gold Hamilton wrist watch Saturday night m Luna Theater men’-^ rest 1 oom. Liberal reward 727.3. LOST — Spaulding “Sweetspot” putter. Finder please call Munk. 2401. I
YWCA Selects Ten Cabinet Members; Plan Columbus Trip At an organization meeting yesterday afternoon, YWCA officials announced new cabinet members and outlined plans for eight members to attend the National YWCA Conference at Columbus, 0., this \veek-end. Future programs, including formal installation -and supper next Wednesday, April 27, and an open meeting at which L. W. Josselyn will review an European trip the day following, were discussed. President Betty Klein explained. Those who wdll make the trip to Columbus are: Miss Clare Coolidge, faculty sponsor, Helen Conver, Martha Mooihead, Marga Glunt, Ruth Glunt, Sara Alice McIntosh, Martha Baker, and Jane Hall. New cabinet officers include Martha Baker, Ruth Bryant, Thelma Bugher, Joyce Burnham, Ruth Glunt, Juanita Julian, Helen Landgrebe, Martha Mooi’head, Edna Schwab, and Ruth Wattleworth.
"S/ul” will compliment you on the tasty dinner, when you take her to the QhMJdnvdL before the ffljWMt,
Both of you will appreciate the quiet, refined surroundings. Dinners served until 9 o’clock. Prices 50c - 75c - $1.00 The Chestnut Room will be open all night for refreshments and breakfast served at four. The Chestnut Room is now located on the second floor.
JhL fiundusL WjmufthaL lAnmfL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
for prom
Notices Ho NoLict's Accepted After 8 p.m.
WAA Baseball: There will be no game played Thursday evening, April 21. —MAIER.
Purdue Motorcyclists: There will be an importaijt organization meeting Thursday, April 21, at 7 p. m. in room B of the Union Building. Please bring paper and pencil. —GLENN.
Union Workers: All available workers meet in the Union cafeteria at 7 p. m. Thursday, April 21. —SAMUELSON, CABONARGI.
Gold Peppers: Meeting at 6:15 p. m. ia WSGA office Thursday, April 21. Dinner at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house at 6 :30 p. m. —SEXTON.
PSA: Open discussion headed by Profes snr Murphy Thursday, April 21, at 7 :30^in —om D of the Union Building. —dunsh:
Camera Club: Members interested in learning how to mount prints and get some suggestions on cropping and composition, meet in room C of the Union Thursday, April 21 at 4 p. m. —WEST.
WSGA Counselors: Meeting for next year’s counselors postponed until Thursday, April 21, at 4:1.') p. m., rooms 1 and 2. —HUBER, SEXTON.
WAA Baseball: Thursday, April 21, at 4 p. m.. Kappa vs. Ward 2 and Phi Mu vs. Chi Omega. —MAIER.
Union Workers: Our committ meet in the Workshop at 4 x day, April 21. —MATTHEWS, JACGB Student Bible Class: Meeting in room of the Union Thursday, April 21 at 7 p. m. Rev. Ainslie will discuss the subject of “The Coming World Dictator.” Alt students are invited. —BURBRINK.
Prom Permits: Permits which are not going to be used must be in by 5 p. m. Thursday, April 21 at the cashier’s office. —SASSER.
Glider Club: No meeting this week. (4-23) —MOORE. PJayShop: All persons desiring managing Ositions on the Playshop Board, place their petitions in the box in the Playshop office by 6 p. m. Saturday, April 23. —MILNE.
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting in room A of the Union at 7 :16 p. m. Thursday, April 21. Members be on time. —BYRD.
Gold Pepper Pledges: Meet in Union grill at noon Thursday, April 21, for lunch and practice for stunt. —SEXTON.
University Orchestra: Strings only; 7 p. m. Thursday, April 21, room D of the Memorial Union Building. —PHILLIPS. Purdue Riding Club: Meeting Thursday, April 21 at 7 p. m. in the Student Union office. All members please attend. —SUMMERS.
BEAUTIFUL BIC REFRIBERATORS For details, listen to HOmEMAKERS’ EXCHANGE'^ featuring ELEANOR HOWE 10:30 A.M. — WMAQ Tues. and Thurs. liFAYEIIE ICE & COAL COMPANY Phone 5078 4th and SaSem Sts.
Hiuversity Service ar
Friday i , April 22 1938
See tires exploded by dynamite on a car traveling 60 miles per hour. See spikes rip-open two tires on a car traveling at this dazzling speed. See the driver bring the car to a smooth normal stop on tires that have been blown-out but are still inflated. Don't miss this amazing show— COURTESY OF _ Peter Anderson Co.
f - ;;;;; ^ _ The horsepower of one type of electric clock motor is eleven millionths H.P. A dynamometer made in the 'Westinghouse Research Dept, has accurately measured and plotted this fact. 2, The first officially scheduled radio broadcast was that " of the Harding-Cox presidential election returns, sent out over Westinghouse Station KDKA, Pittsburgh, Pa., on Nov. 2, 1920. 2, Modern high-efficiency Westinghouse-equipped generating stations produce a KWH of electricity on 1 lb. of coal, base load. The national average for 1937 was 1.43 lbs. In 1922 the figure was 2.5; in 1927, 1.75; in 1932, 1.5. Some of the Westinghouse elevators in Radio City, believed to be the fastest in the world, travel at the spieed of 1400 ft. per second. The largest all-electric-welded building (tonnage and floor space) is the 12-story Central Engineering Laboratory building of the Westinghouse Electric fis Mfg. Co. at East Pittsburgh, Pa. The greatest advantage of alternating current, as recognized by Geo. Westinghouse more than 50 years ago, is the facility with which its voltages can be stepped up or down for various needs of transmission or use. Oliver B. Shallenberger, a young ’engineer with the Westinghouse Electric Co., discovered the principle in 1888 and developed the first A.C. watt-hour meter. It has been basically unchanged to this day. Micarta is a laminated synthetic resin material, developed by Westinghouse and having many desirable electrical and mechanical characteristics. It is used for insulation, bearings, bushings and many industrial purposes, as well as for decorative work of all kinds. 0^ Electricity costs about less today per KWH, on the national average, than it did in 1913. It is one of the few commodities that has steadily decreased in cost during these 25 years. 10. Hydrogen has been found to be a better cooling medium than air, and 10 out of the last 14 large 2-pole 3600 r.p.m. generators use it. Westinghouse pioneering led to this improvement. Watch for another interesting “Electrical Quiz” in' a coming issue of your college publication. Electricity is the greatest single force in this modern age. Learn more about it — and about the companies, like Westinghouse, that put it to doing the world’s work.
Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bci®ksf©res
Westinghouse Electric 8s Mfg. Co. W^^tin^ouse
Pittsburgh, Pa.
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. EEISBIEE
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Fi-ofessienal
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBBRT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Main
Take your date to the dance in a DcLuxe Cab. Save time and start the gala night off right.
Phone 2151
DELUXE CAB