u
/
^'
0
i
\
0
i
Jimmy Lunceford To Welcome Alumni At Mixer
Professor J. Lunceford
Swing will be king tomorrow night at 8:30 with the appearance of Jimmy Lunceford and his orchestra at the Homecoming Mixer. A leading colored band, these musicmakers will keep things hot from 8:30 to 11:30 in both of the Union ballrooms.
The Student Union plan of advertising by leaflets has been abandoned because the war has prevented use of CAA planes. Tickets are on sale, however, at a reduced pi'ice—.'fl,40—in front of the Sweet Shop now. The usual price of $1.66
will be charged at the door. Lunceford and his band have a series of record-ibreaking engagements behind them, one of them being his performance at the Apollo Theatre in Harlem in 1938. He has boosted the box office receipts record at the Apollo above those established hy Louis Armstrong. While a professor of music in Manassa High School of Memphis in 1927, Jimmy Lunceford organized a dance band among the students. With the graduation of these
boys, people supposed Lunceford would do the same work with upcoming classes; but the tie was so strong that he resigned his position and followed the boys to college. ^ Taking a job as a head waiter at a restaurant at Fisk University from which he himself had graduated in 1925, Lunceford kept the band going while his players gained an education like his. Five of these original high school boys are still with the band, and their loyalty is as strong as ever.
Denver, Colorado, was the scene of most of Lunceford’s boyhood. It was here he received some training from the father of Paul Whitman in the Denver public schools. In 1922, after his family had moved to Memphis, Tennessee, he spent a summer playing the sax in a band in which Hattie McDaniel now famous for her movie work—was the featured vocalist. “The Brain” as Harold F. Oxley, the British manager of the band, is called, was once a band leader
himself. Wise and ambitious, Oxley, according to, .Jimmy Lunceford, started the band on the way to success. Since the day he picked them up stranded in Buffalo, New York, Oxley, has worked and fought to bring the organization to the top. Tag-line and slogan of the Lunceford band is “Rhythm is Our Business.” Plenty of bounce and jivc is inevitable when the band, featuring a glee club, a quartet, a trio and melodies by Dan Grissom, really gets in the 'groove.
Established 1889
X/n04ie4it
. . resigned his professorship at a Memphis high school to become a head waiter m a restaurant at Fisk University so he could finance his band of college boys until they received their degrees. It is well that he kept the group together, for the negro boys went on to widespread fame as advocates of swing and sweet. The band appears here tomorrow night at the homecoming mixer.
Volume 55# No. 31
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, October 22, 1942
Homecoming Pep Rally Planned For Friday
Troop To Present
Exponent Conducts
Will Form By Union At 7 P. M,; Navy Open
Opera Saturday student Poll
Glee Club, Band, To Take Part I'lj
Burke, Tokatyan, Harrell, Greer Take Leading Roles In 'La Boheme' Townspeople and students of the University will be able 1o see and understand grand opera when Puccini’s “La Boheme” is sung in English Saturday night at 7:30 in the Music
Hall.
For the past several years critics have been writing for and against the possibility of doing good 5|)era in English. Since the understanding and enjoy-
99.1% Disapprove 1 P. M. Coed Hours
ment of operas depends upon the fusing in the hearer’s mind of every note, work and action, the lastest decision is in favor of opera in English. The four main romantic roles will be sung by Hilda Buike, luimod one el the tli.ilecn best diebsed women in Amei ita, Aimend Tokutyan, Mack Han ell and Frances Gieei. The stoiv cenlc'b nicumd li\o
Military Committee Aimounfes Winner Of Decoration Contest
Dance Feafwres Stamp Corsages
Jim Reeves, scmoi mechanical
couples: the tiagic Mimi and Uu- ‘bngineci, was named winnei of the
dolph and tlie comic and spiuted Musetta and Mai cel. The emotional opening .scene is counLei balanced by Schaunaid’s tale ot ‘in;>ing an objectionable paiiot to death The gay “cafe scene” is comedy heloie the tiagic cven.ts leading fo the
death of Mimi.
Staff From Metropolitan The foimer Metiopolitan conductoi, Guweppc Bamboschek, is musical duector, in chaige of the oiehestia of Unity playois. Behind Ihe scercs, as stage diiectoi, is Ufesp'c Detieie, who holds the same
annual Mihlaiy Ball dcioiations contest Tuesday m lu- 'L i ineeting ol the Milituy ball GommiLtee. Reeves’ entiy v one ol ^eveial layouts submitted duMni. the confect and will entitle him to a fiee bid to the Ball. Opening the campus foimal dance season on Noveiiibei 13, the Militaiy Ball this yeai will intioduce the wealing of vai stamp coisages in place of floral adoinmonts as pait of a theme built about campus militaiy activities dining waitime. Piepaiations aie being completed
By Dotty Wenaell Rising atgainat Hie action of the A\<t S judicial board last Thuiysday in declaring 1 p. m. as the deadline foi coeds to be in their houses on the night of Military Ball, 99.1 per cent of the 289 eds and coeds interviewed by the Exponent leporters Tuesday and yeateiday indicated their disapproval of the regulation. The student opinion poll which covered an accurate cross section of the student body was sponsored by the Exponent. Well over half of Hie students who voted in ihe poll—59 per cent— checked that “Coed houis ioi the Militaiy Ball should bo made later than two o’clock. The Military Ball will be the last big dance this year, and being such, hours foi coeds should be extended until four or five o’clock as has been the custom foi the piom.” 40.1 Per C ent Vote J^or 2 A. M. A total of 40.1 per cent ol the students questioned checked they thought that “Houis for coeds for the Military Ball should be extended to two o’clock” in place of the one o’clock hours the AWS decided
By Becky Caylor
A gigantic student-alumni pep session will be one of the important features of Homecoming. The huge pep rally is scheduled for Friday at 7 p. m. It is planned that the/participating students and old grads will meet in front of the Union to hear the Glee Club sing several pep songs, including the little-sung Purdue series chorus. Led by the Military Band, the torchlight parade will proceed to Stuart Field across the campus, instead of up Northwestern as it has been routed before. j The field will be lit by a huge bonfire furnished by the Skull and Crescent boys, and all — fraternities, sororities and co- — —
ROTC Men
Letter Explains Fresh Enlistment
PE 12 Boys To Assist
In Scrap Drive
Second Intensive Collection Planned
position vilh Ihib company he wheioby the war stamp coisages
hold3 at tlio Metiopolitan. Chailes L. Wagnei, whose leputatiop as a music maiiagoi was oJablished oviAthiiLy yiais aco, is piodiu mg “La Bolieme".
wiJ be available at convenient places on the campus. University To Sell Stamps .Stamps ioi the coisages will be puiihas'sl Horn the Umveisity, in
Ber iiiM'ol the pie', ii)) and Li avel coopeialion witli iK wai slaiiiji and
Ihc / The
1. itai i> ol ' hi 30 11 in I'lg i.peia ai e ( alk d “o|tei a a la i ai ( ’’ sccneiy i ■. ad ipt ihle .0 v.u lou >-i/,e I staj’cs and li.ivil eolhii) I'd in one ef tile tluee bi ‘-e 'm whuli Ihe voiii-
pany tours
Wagner athibules the laipe inteiest 111 hi3 tiavehng opiias to thi' enthuiiasm of the Amei icaii [niblie lot the Satuiday afleinoon bioad-
bond ‘-‘ills piO'iam Aiioii'iiig fe the (ommitke, oniy loisaee^ made lip ol the e 3Lamp3 will bi uioglil/ed ;il Ihe (l.iin e III addihoii to Die cnisakes, this yeat’s Ball wnll lie loiidncted m an atmosphere of tepi osentalive disliliiys of Aimy weapore and othei e(|iai)menl lieiiig iiseil foi militaiy iniitiuction here on the eampus
upon. Less than one per cent of the students polled stated that they believed that “Coed houis should be cut down to the one o’clock houis the AWS decided upon. This is a chance for the Umveisity students to be patiiotic by getting in caily, saving gasoline, and elcctiicity.” One O’clock Minimum None of the students paiticipating checked the statement that coed houis lor the Militaiy Ball should be ml down to less th.in one o’clock. 'fills poll sh(nv3 beyond a doubt tbal an ovei whelming peiientagi' oL the Uiiiveiiilv students .aie not in iavoi ol the leaitiomuy sland Uken by the AWS boaid
The Exponent’s sciap diive will continue this aftci noon when membeis of the Umveisity’s PE 12 classes combine fitness training with war work. PE 12 administrator France has agreed to let a number ot his boys follow the truck around town to assist in* loading the various scrap piles left on street cornels last Saturday. Forty Tons Collected The sciap collected this afternoon and on subsequent collecting days w'lll be added to the total of foity tons. Another date will be set sometime in the futuie for another intensive diive, and campus sources will be exploited at that time. Officials of the drive have requested that anyone in West Lalayette knowing the whereabouts of sciap they would like collected this afternoon should call 7026 befoie noon today.
Enlistments In ERG To Close Dec. 3t
op houses are invited to furnish the banners and signs for the rally and the parade. A ^rize of ten dollars in merchandise will be given to the organization that makes the best poster. The prize will be furnished hy tfie four campus athletic booster organizations. It was stiessed that unless all signs are intact ,the prize will not be awarded. Th^s action is being taken to avoid the sign fights which occuired at the last pop session. The speakers for the piogram will be Johnny Andretich, captain foi the Wisconsin game; Elmer Buinham, head football coach for the Boilermakers and Irish O’Brien, alumni tootball player of 1912. To Introduce New Yells Head cheei leader Bruce Adams said that seveial new yells would be practiced for the game, including the engineei’s yell. Freshmgn who dp pot yet know the yells should leain them from the Freshman Handbook. Aftei the pep session there will be a piactice football game between the Boilermakei and Illini freshmen, and eveiyone is invited to attend. Eveiybody is urged to turn out foi the pep lally in ordei to make it the most successful one of’ the yeai, and show the team and Coach Burnham that they have the wholehi'aitcd suppoit of both students and alumni.
Debris Judges Pick Leaders
I In Beauty Race
Four Queens To Reign At Mixer
Tuesday night thirteen girls were chosen to represent the campus beauties in the finals of the Debris Beauty Contest. The thirteen coeds who are wondering mow which four of them will be chosen to reign as this year’s queens are Marge Moore, Betty Craig, Mary Jane Snider, Pat McLaughlin, Marilyn Goodall, Shirley Wileman, Donna Lqever, Marge Libbert, Beitie Cole, Bettianne Murphy, Betty Murphy, Nancy Cooper, and Betty Ann McCreery. Private Affair
The contest this year was in the north ballroom of the Union and was not open to the public as in previous years. Apparently ,the absence of a crowd had no affect on the contestants. Judges for the contest were taken from the Debris staffs. They were Steph Minton, business manager; Dick Ball, editor-in-chief, and Conn Meers, junior photography editor. Announcement of the four who (See BEAUTY CONTEST, .page 4)
Released this week, au official statement of the War Department now clarifies the confusion resulting from conflicting regulations applying to students who are members of both the ROTC and the Enlisted Reserve Corps. The statement was received in the President s office from Major General J. A. Ulio, Adjutant General of the War Department. Under the terms of the AimyNavy agreement, students who enter universities in which basic ROTC is compulsoiy are not eligible for enlistment in the Navy, Mai mo Corps, or Coast Guard Reserves until after they have completed the basic ROTC course and have not been selected for advanced coiuse ROTC training. The new statement clarifies the status of students who wish to enter the service of their choice under one of the enlisted reserve plans while they are yet in basic ROTC training. Text of Message
The statement reads: “The Army has agreed to discharge upon completion of the basic ROTC couise those students who, at the time of their enlistment in the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps, indicate in writing a pieference for the Navy, Marine Corps or Coast Guard Reserves. “In the event t’nat the Secretaiy of War calls Enlisted Reserve Corps students to active duty pi ioi to the (See ROTC, page 4)
For Upperclassmen
Exponent Board
i‘a3ts of the Metropolitan, in winch alonp with flags of the iialion and these aingpis aie fiequently lieurd. vai lous militaiy oiganizalloii.s Doors Will open foi the convocu- Scabbaul and Blade, POMM, and lion at 6:46 p. m. and admission will the Zouaves, all militaiy oiganiza1)0 by paaspoit or season Uckot. Lions, have been invited to paiticiSingle admission lickets will be on jiate in the festivilies, provided time sale the nig’ht ot Hie peifoimance la available. for $1 10 Announcement3 of the ticket sales schedule will appear in the
A board meeling will be held todaj at 1 p. m. in <•>*’ conlerencc room ol Itie Agricultural Experiment Station for all elected Junior and Senior staff members ol ithe Exponent. —AMOS
Faculty Notice
Expoiupit next week
Entries For Camera
The regular- monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, October 26, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Howler Hall. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Ag Economics Club
Holds Picnic Today
Club Contest Due Before November 2
Reamer Club
Reamer Club, activities honorary, announces the following pledges: C. J*. Archer, N. D. Aiigsburger, W. E. Davey, J. S. Dawson, E. G. Fingl, L. E. Fleck, J. M. Kelly, II. W. Koch, G. M. Maeklin, R- S. MeLnugh’lin, E. W. , Misslehorii, L. W. Myers, J. D. Pecosk, R. C. Sleeper, J. W. Swantz, G. J. Zissis,
Agiiciiltural Economics Club will hold a weiner loast this afternoon at 4 in Dean’s pastme. In event of iain, the affair will be held in the judging pavilion. A feature of the picnic will be a softball game between the faculty and the seniois. At the same time, there will be anothei softball game foi all others who desire to play. Tickets may be pin chased from any membei of the agiiciiltural economics staff oi fiom officers of the club for thirty-five gents. All who are iritei ested are invited to at-
tend.
Rules, lettoi"!, mounting boaid, tissue, and entry blanks for Iho somi-annual Camel a Cliil) contest will be available trom today until Octobei 30 at the we.st desk ol the Union. The pictures are to be displayed and iudged in the Music Room of the Union from Dad’s Day, Novemhor 7, through the following week. 'Phe piints should bo tuincil in to the w'ost desk on October 30, 31, or November 2. Membei s of the club, as well as students and faculty members are invited to enter as many prints as they care to.
En'isLmenI in Ihe Enlisted Re‘'eive Coips Uiuissigned of the Aimy for all except lii.st Icrm Jiei-hmen will close Deccmbei 31, 1042. In Older that the interviews, jihysical examinations and elei'ical v/oik riecessaiy pi ioi lo enlistment may lie completed beloio the closing tune, all students desiimg to enlist are iiiged to applj^ now. Fieshmen and sophomores aie eligible to apply foi either the Enlisted Reseivp Corps Unassigned or 1 or air crew' duty with the Army Air Coips. Juniors and Seniors are eligible to apply foi the Enlisted Reserve Corp.s Unassigned, All Crew Duty with the Army Aii Corps, and Giound Crew' Duty with the Aimy All Coips. Juniors and seniors in the Schools ot Electiifial Engineering or Science, majoiing m communications 01 electron ic.s may also apply for the Signal Corps Reserve. All students desiring to apply or wanting furthci information should come to Room B-4 in the basement of the Armoi'y.
Present Players, Records To Sailors
Expect Large hkm\ Homecoming Turnout; Full Week-End Planned
Speciaji Notice
No edition of the Exponent will be published on Friday, but a .special Homecoming edition of the paper will appear Saturday morning.
Four new poi table lecoi’d playeis and a laige album of classical lecouls will be preserited to sailois stationed at the U.SS Cary Hall by the second distiiet of the Indiana Federation ol Music Clubs tonight in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. The iiresentation is a pait of the movement of the National Fedeialion lo provide music tor service men. Opening the program, A P. Stewart, director of the University musical organizations, will lead the entire group in .singing “The Star Spangled Banner.” Mrs. A. P. Stewart will sing Metott’s “The Lord’s Prayer” as an invocation. Orchestra To Play The University orchestra, directed by Joseph Ragains, will appear and Robert English, freshman engineer, will play a piano solo. Also on the program is the Second Presbyterian Church Choir directed by AI Stewart, and accompanied by Eva Linn Mackay. Mrs. J. R. Clines, president of the second distiiet of the Indiana Fed«iation of Music Cfiibs, is in charge of the meeting, which will be attended by representatives from each of the seven fedeiated groups in Lafayette.
A big w’eek-eiid is planned for the alumni who return foi Homecoming this year, and a record crowd of old giads will fill the Union and at least dot the campus. To slait Homecoming light, theie w'lll he a huge stiident-alumm pep session which will give the visitois a chance to renew their acquaintance with Boilei maker spirit, and see for themselves that it still reaches the boiling point just before a big game. The alums will march out to Stuart Field with the students in a torchlight parade and hsten to Coach Elmer Burnham pledge a game battle against the Badgers. The alumni will have plenty of chances to renew old friendships, as several get-togethers will be held. The most important of these will be the annual alumni banquet which will be held in the Union Saturday night. This banquet is open to all students, faculty, and alumni, and everyone is urged to attend. Uniquely enough, the dinner will be served by the IJniversity Choir because of the shortage of waiters. Will Honor 1917 'feam The Men’s Glee Club, under the direction of AI Stewart, will furnish the music for the affair. One
of the impoitant events of the piogram will be the leeogmition ot the University’s last wai time tootball team, when the membeis ot the 1917 team will be awaulcd silver footballs. Climax of the even’s fobtivities will be the unveiling ol the portiait of Noble E. Kizei, Boilei maker coach and one-time .“Four Hoise-
man. Roberts To Present Picture W. Henry Roberts, who is piesident of the Purdue Alumni Association, will make the piestnlation, and Dr. Edward C. Elliott will accept the gift on behalf of the University. The portrait of the beloved football coach was painted by Randolph Coats. The large poitiait will be hung in the Fieldhouse. Several speakeis aie scheduled to addiess the guests. Among them, representing the alumni, will be C. H. “Big Robbie” Robitpgon who is the president of the International P Men's Association, and Biuee Warren, present president of the P Men’s Club, will also speak. A student musical program will effectively wind up events on Sunday, and Homecoming will be over until next year.2 PurdtmExpow^ ^^^^
Thursday^ October 22, 1942
Purdue Exponent
Offices; Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editoriaf Phone After lO p. m., 5377
t'diJor-in-Cliuf ...... News fCditor MfifiHt-infc Kditor . Spfiris Kdijnr .. lU*vin<-s.s Manager Cot.l KdiUir ...
John F. Amoa Don T. Brophy ..John M. Armstrong ...... Robert L. Hadley .....Ken K. Gjemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff Aasociate Editors • • i'tiiJc.rial : D. W. Ochciitroc, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, 1.-. K. ImU./, VV. 0. HoRkins, R. W. .Boswinkie, K. Roquemore, S. . •• .‘-■pjrts .'rUtu: 1). E. Brewer. J. S. Daw.Ron, D. Shryer, C. C :ic:i : n.illv Bt/Uli, .Charlutte Ha-^.S, Jean Lauer, Elaine .Ahr-h^. Business Staff ( .< »i. Business Manager: Julia Marlin. i;\cf .oau..Kf.rs: J. M. Wrighi, iJ. L. Johnson, J. Potty. i..irruiJiJnjn jNiaiiaj;fr; G. il. Klouman. .v,vv»unis ivianaRtr; Trenu 'lorrenga, ui.mr f-uttl :viynjigl;rs: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent
Kaiic
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey .^...Elwin VVelbaum Uoberta Kesalet Scott Brown ...George Baine ..Harold Hendrickr
Staff For This Issue
rdifor; nuntiltree Sports Editor: Dawson i;;.v ilfiiii “; uJiill Issue Editor: i'ilton ii,p.irlers: l.yncli, Gregory. Baynes, Vegh, Mueller, Biggs, Kdiiiu. Soinnur, Holland, .Petry, Holfman, Caylor, Smeltzer, ;.d ha:.i, Stai p. Heirtrich, Winslow, Gandy, Goodenough. Mnlerecl ns second class matter at the post office in Lafay(!'f. Indiaha, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, a:; I el iln- spec.aH rate of postage provided for in section fl.e; act of October 3, 1917, aulhorized January 20, 1922. I'ul.iifhid on Tuesday, Thursday, hriday and Sunday mornings Delivered jocaliy by carrier for J1.7B for a .«i5.,0n for two seme.sters ; by mail for $2.00 for a
for two S'.mesters,
•u sl T ; mailed suLscription $1.50. t-cl for national advertising by National Advertis- ■ •Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420
New York, N. Y.
if
Auxiliary..
I ll wiial seems to be a bandwagon movement t'T li:y to prove that Purdue students are sac1 iiifiiip: ilieir all in support of the war effort, iiiici'fraternity President’s Council j uiTipcd up behind AWS by announcing that ! j ;.i.'i.iiitiefc vjould not decorate this year for lion'iccomhig. The anno[Unced reason for this r.Cc.'ori is that it would save time and money aiic! make the people who criticize college stuticnls as draft dodgers forget that students existed. Vi liiie the action was taken some time ago lliC; aluiirni office which annually awards the .prizes for decorations was not informed until alier circulars were distributed announcing tl'ie iii'izc.s for this year. To their eteimal credit, Hie newly formed male auxiliary of the •Kilowatt Kids contacted the alumni office and iiad the contest cancelled. i hi,', action cancelling the decorations would rioL liave appeared in the least ridiculous had tiie CGLiiicil voted to do something with the lime ami money conserved. But to our knowl((lae the money wasn’t pooled'to buy war ii.ei.ro.i.s, donate to the Red Cross, or provide i ccrtalion for the service men.* Nor was the l i m.e gi\ en to blood doning, harvesting for vict ivy or even writing to friends in the armed Iiernccoming decorations seem to be one of ihe rajiidiy diminishing number of traditions (ieil can be maintained undisturbed during lime without undue cost or effort. The ( uU: oi' their occurrence is fixeid. Wood, whethHid or new, and cardboard are not vital and cd'n i' materials, occasionally used, which are .■i'.al could easily be prohibited. “decorations as usual” might be out of jilace j'or those houses that have spent half a hundred dollars in years past but adequate welcorne signs and modest decorations that won Id bo appreciated just as much by the alumni, could be provided at very little cost, and with very little time spent in their conrtruction. . : i f the general public has enough faith in the ai'my to tru.st their sons overseas under its conti-ol, it certainly will trust the army’s jndgment as to whether men are more valuable ill ,school or in the armed services at this time. it arjpcar.s to us (and we believe that the idi.inni will .see it very much in the same light) lliat the war effort was used by .some lazy or di.' yi iinLled fraternity men to get out of a litiie work. It is certainly no sacrifice for members to .say they will not decorate . i d, i liei'Crby .save time, energy and money (to \'. III her way.s). Till,s country will win the war because of i.iial is dijiie not becau.se of what is not done.
The Ratio
4.95
'uLO' lil’ tin ear leluiTis with the guzz and hi.s deep-e-l luioiogic;; for leaving the .stewdent.s without the Sep ■ ;jiid : tutf,. hilt he’s been a iriighty busy boy what ,i the ai’iii.y hui'lin’ questions, and the prol'.s hurlin’
f; e.n !)rv Silva linally In oke down and pinned Pi I'.'ii Maiy Lihhert. Al'tiji’ due consideration of .some (■..elit. inontliki. This is one pinning which should last an.; la::t,cuusi' if tliii'd time is the cliarm, Dev should JI ally lia ve tliiiig.s uiidfei' control. Tl.a Kapjia Sig;; may liuve had a reason for hanging i:n to tiscii' pin;-; like mad, ’cause it seems that no one < l.se can. i''re.shman Joan Irons had her pin less than a week, and tlien it seemed to have strayed. Said
Coed Response ... Last Thursday afternoon the University coed did back up the oft-heard statemeht that this is a woman’s war as well as a man’s. Forty of them proved their eagerness and ability to help in the important task of rolling surgical bandages, and 21 checked out yarn for sweaters, mufflers and gloves for, service men. (bringing the total of girls who have checked out yarn since last Friday up to 38). Yes, the Red Cross callout in the sub-base-ment of the Union was a success; our coeds responded to the call fot workers for national defense that is being heard throughout the' country. No matter how small a task it may seem, no matter how trivial one’s own part may appear, it is these small jobs that are vitally important for the welfare of the man at the front. It takes but a slight amount of effort, and but a small bit of time to do the task that might, be the means of saving a man’s life. The American Red Cross is doing a glorious job; the coeds of this University have proved their willingness to help in this work. The work of the volunteer Red Cross workers never ceases; we hope the coeds will prdve that their willingness to aid is also unceasing, and that a greater number will be present when the bandage crew meets this afternoon at 4. This will be the real test of the patriotism of the coeds. Coming out once is commendable, but it is continued effort that brings resultls. When the roll is taken, will you be there?—m.j.l. Rogues, Thugs, Morons: Notice . . . The last chance has been given uncouth individuals who tear down pep session signs before the signs have had a: chance even to arrive at the destination for which they were constructed. Gimlet, Reamer, Gold Pepper, and Skull and Crescent organizations are each donating $2.50, a total of $10 for the best pep session sign at tomorrow night’s pep session. Rumors have started circulating which .seem to indicate that if some group of barbarians who do not read editorials do get filled with so much frenzy that they take their madness out on signs which constructive students have labored on, these pensons v/ill be rather roughly dealt with. But of course that is just a rumor. All rumors qside, however, those who'd^stroy signs must have either one of two ailments. Either they have slightly stunted or warped minds, a little like being a moron, or else they have enormous^ stunted or warped minds, a whole lot like being a moron.—r.w.b.
On Trial This Afternoon . . . This afternoon the judicial board of the A.ssociated Women Students meet in the AWS office on the third, floor of the Union. The Military Ball committee will attempt to present their case for two o’clock coed hours befoi'e the board. The board will have known about the petitions now in the Exponent office signed by 1,500 students against the one o’clock coed curfew for the night of the Military Ball. The board will also have known about the poll conducted by the Exponent among a GROSS SECTION of the student body—a survey which indicated that 99.1 per cent of the students interviewed were not in agreement with the AWS ruling. Jeanette Rutherford and Tillie Croll, president of the judicial board and president of the executive board of AWS, respectively, might well realize that the name of their activity is on trial this afternoon. This afternoon’s meeting will be a test to see whether the “Associated” part of AWS, implying unity in objective and partnership, is what the name is supposed to mean for the coeds. If the demands of over half the student body is ignored this afternoon that little group composing AWS might well have their name changed to “Autocratic Women Students”.-—r.w.b. pin-man Phil, “Well, I gue.ss that’s another hoiisebill that won’t get paid.’’ choo.se four queens, and. it helps if they’re beautiful . . . Look at the Kappas last year. '■>
And .speaking of pins, as who isn’t, that pinning of an import by A. T. 0. Bob Swisher all blew over. It seems that it was just a week-end afl’air. You can come back down now, Adele.
e
VUSUAMTON MERRY-40-ROUHI
By Drew Pearson
“ishowing ott by pulling out that huge roll of-bills in public wasn’t enough ... you had to have a rubber band around them.”:
University Calendar Thursday, October 22
8:00 A.M.' 1:00 P.M. 8:00 P.M. 4:00 P.M. 6:00 P.M.
4:00 P.M. ;:3PP.M.
Poultry Short Course.......! Poultry Buildings Pol/ee Tr. Conf.—Safety Institute.... W. Faculty Lge., Union m. Assn, of School Bus Drivers......Eliza Fowler Hall Screen Review Hall of Music Agr. Economics Club Party....-..-::......Livestock Judging Pav. PIA Board Members Banquet ....Old ('hestiuiL Rm., Union
Friday, October 23
Poultry Short Course :....Poultry Buildings Police 'fr. Conf.—Safety Institute..,.W. Faculty Lge., Union Cosmopolitan Club Room 804, Union : Mixer ?... South Ballroom,,Union
Today's Sc teen Review
News—7 min. Gateway to Asia—10 min.,...: Pete Smith’s Scrapbook—10 min... Capacabana Revue—10 min.... Flag of Mercy—10 min In the Zoo—10 min...! Popular Science No. 4—10 min.
Pluto Junior—8 min
,..3:35.:.3:45- . .. ....3:554:05-
..3:10..3:30-
-4:35OUT-
-4:-13 -4:50 -5:00 -5:10 -5:20 -5:30 -5:40 -5:50 -5:58
The Book Worm Says:
Thirty sections of English 81 and English 82 are reporting to the, library for one class period durin.g which members of the Loan Desk staff are giying lectures on the library and its .use. These lectures are designed to help students in preparing assigned research paper's and in making their use of the library easier and more productive.
Miss Rachel K. Schenk of the Library staff attended the, meeting of the School Librarian’s section of Indiana State Teachers’ Assoeiatioh in Indianapolis Thursday.
Dr . Roy Nichols ... of the veterinaiy staff, left Wednesday for Washington to r(‘port 'to the U. S. Army Medical fienter where he has been called to duty as, a first lieutenant. He has.' held a reserve commi.ssion for several years. ' .
Lack Of Army-Navy Coordinat'fiori Still Hinders War Effort WASHINGTON—It is certainly no secret among the Marines that there is terrific resentment over the fact that Army reinforcements wei'e so long in arriving in the Solomon Islands. The job of the Marines primarily is to, land, seize an objective, then let a large occupation force, usually the Army, take over. The fact that this Vv'as not done in the Solomons has caused open criticism in Mariric Corps ranks. However,' it does remain a secret why reinforcements were not sent to the Solomons from the Army long ago. Speculation regarding this centers around a confinuation of the old spirit of Army-Navy football rivalry, which definitely has hindered the war effort. Military strategists admit that Gen. MacArthur h:ul enough troops in .4ii.straiia to have spare,1 some for Ihe Solomons long ago. But intfortiinafi ly there is no unity of command between the Army and Navy in the Konfh l‘acific. Gen. MaeArlhur runs hi.s own show in Australia asid fiicre seems to be reluctance (Hher in the War Department or the White lloii.se to give .Mae.Arthur- orders regarding (he movement of triiops. Not long ago, Ihe .Vdmii'al in command at Ni'w y,e.al.'.in(l, Hew to Au.stralia and had a pieasanL i pi'ofitable vi:dt with iVIacArthiU'. Ttc iiifol'ined MacArtliui' that iinythiiig further the Navy tiad was at his disposal, and MacArtlmr suggested that anytime some of the vessel:? undei', MacAi'Lhur’s command were neeiied in oLlier waters, to! say the word. It is hoped that th’i'i friendly vi.sit will Irave real resullSi becau.se liorclofore tliere has hecn all kind:-: of hacking and filling lietween the Army and N-.ivy in llie Soutli l‘a-
TODAY and TOMORROW
cific. When the battle of the^ Coral Sea began, the Navy complained to the White House that Gen. MacArthur was giving out the pi’ess commiiiiiques. Naturally this gave the public impression that it was an Army show, and the Navy resented it. So near the .start of the Solomon Islands campaign, Gen. MacArthnr announced that it was purely a naval engagement. o Capital Chaff Adjutant General Jim IJlio is doing a quick job of making sure that each soldier has a chance to vote. U. S. commanders abroad were instructed by radio to prepare postcards by which each man can send back to his state for a ballot. Some ari'angements are being made for soldiers inside the United States. . . . Senator Alben Barkley of. Kentucky is keeping his word that he would brook no pojitics-as-usual delays on taxes legislation, even though some of hi.s colleagues would just as soon delay the tax bill until after elections. , Seen outside the War Department’s giant Pentagon Building : A colonel and a lieutenant of military police stopping officers who do not salute, or whose raincoats ard not buttoned' at the heck. They even stopped,^ one officer who was running for a bus with the reprimand: “An officer doesn’t run in the rain’’ . . . Yet—the two military policemen carried revolvers under their raincoats, definitely against regulations. • U. S. Troop Trains Quietly and without fanfare, the American railroads are moving a million troops a month in the greatest transportation activity the country has ever known. Eight million men have been moved since PearlHarbor—without cancelling a single civilian train scliediile. Wiieii a man joins the Army, he is in for a lot of traveling, even if he doesn’t go over.sea::. Rvei y man is moved on the average of five times (luH'ing liis training for an .‘ivei age haul of 800 miles each trip. Tin:-: is olHcia! movement only, not including wcel<-end jiasscs and furloughs. Every day thousands of II. S. soldiers are riding a train for the first time in their lives, and many hre getting Pullmaii rides. In fact, 60 p<‘r cent of all troop movement is by Pullman ear, under Army rogula-tioir-i governing overnight movement.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Everything for n College Education DEAC’S, vl ’’
, /' '.f-r
^Thursday^ October 22^ 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Page ^
Boilermakers Prepare For Undefeated Badgers
Cross Country Team To Meet Badgers Saturday Qualifications for the forthcoming cross country meet with Wisconsin Saturday were'held yesterday afternoon. The varsity men who qualified and their times were as follows: Duesler, 18:19; Kinder, 19.35; Roach, 18.46; Ashwell, 18:59; Harrer, 19:08, and Seward, 19:43. Lynch already had become eligible to run in the meet by virtue of the fact that he placed among the first four against Ohio State last Saturday. to prove his ability. Coach Hermon Phillips has Third Win . ,, , ^ The Riveters, defending Big Ten a unique method of selecting d-oss country champions, will be his proteges for competition in seeking their third dual meet vicmeets. The first four Riveters toi’y in four conference starts when to place in the latest meet are auto- fhov face Wisconsin Saturday. So matically qualified to run in the f^r they have chalked up victoiies n^Xt meet. On the Wednesday pre- over Illinois and Ohio State, and ceding a meet, a legular elimina- Indiana. The meet is schedtion run over the vajtsity course is nled to start at 11:15 in the mornheld. mg. The fiist three men to place in The schedule for the lemainder this behind the four men already of season will be as follows: qualified are then eligible to run in Oct. 31—Western Michigan, here, the next meet. This makes a total Noy. 7—Indiana State Meet at of seven men entered in each meet Indianapolis. foi the Boilermakers. Selection by Nov. 16—Big Ten Meet at Chia method such as this leaves no de- cago. cision on the pait of the coach, but Nov. 23—N. C. A. A. Meet at East leaves it up to the individual man Lansing, Mich.
YOU Lt rtND tT REAt ECONOMY TO HAVE CLOTHES SANITONEO
for your CLOTHES SANITONE means LONGER MILEAGE
Our Sanitone Service cleans lo'lhe heart of the fibre, releasing imbedded dirt and grit. It removes perspiration stains and revives dull colors.
Frosh Grid Squad Plays First Home Game Tomorrow Providing an added feature of the Homecoming festivities this week end. Coach Emmett Loweiy’s football team will make its first home appearance on Friday night at 8 p. m. under the lights on the Boilermaker practice field against the mini yeai lings. The Riveter rhinies, who were nosed out 6-0 by Indiana last Saturday at Bloomington on a forward pass in the last two minutes of play, aie hopeful of pulling up on even terms m their competitive schedule before an enthusiastic crowd of Homecomers. The geneial public will be admitted to the game at the special pi ice of 50 cents. The probable starting lineup of the invaders includes four foimer Hoosier high school stars vdio will feel peifectly at home back in Indiana, namely: Bob Piymuski, left tackle, and Bob Thompson, right guard, both of Hammond; Julius Ryovich, left halfback, and Bill Krall, both of Gary. The i emaindei of the team hails from Illinois and IS composed of Gallaghei, left end from iMdywood; Becker, left guard fiom Glen Ellyn; Wood, center from St. Chailes; Pranks, right tackle from Hariisbuig; Bauman, right end from Harvey; Shelton, quaiterback from Peoiia, and Barnes, right halfback fiom Aurora. Judging from past performances, the tentative staiting lineup for the Boileimaker fiosh team will be as follows: left end, Jim Miller of Foi L Wayne; left tackle, Eugene Hall ot Gary; left guaid, Tom Haid of Chicago; center. Bob Lambeit of Henderson, Ky ; light guard, .Iim McMillen of South Bend; right tackle, Duke Duifee of Wheaton, 111.; right end. Bill Fend of Chicago; quarterback, Rus Petiach, of Chicago; left half. Bill Bainaid of Kalamazoo; H^ht half, Eugene Ciiitis of South Bend, and fullback, Lewis Rose oi Hobait.
s
ports Communique By Bob Hadley
Andretich Will Lead Riveters 3 In Quest Of 2nd Big Ten Victory
It’s touch football season again—the time of year for some skinned elbows, a few bruises, a black eye or so, and few other assorted contusions among intramural participants. Only this season there aien’t any bruises to speak of. In the first four series of games m the interfraternity competition'—a total of 56 games—reports indicate a total injury' list of one bady bent finger and about three “charley horses”. This fine advancehideit is attributable, of course, to the new rules for the game, which, When adhered to, convert the game to a contest which might be better terme^ “touch basketball”. Under the old rules, the game retained the general characteristics of football without the dangerous bofifiy contact involved in tackling and strenuous blocking. The hew rules’consist mainly of a list of don’ts, and de-
plore all bodily contact*,
4
It all came about as a result of the casualty list said to have been the result of mtiamural touchball last year. The game was filed undei “too
dangerous foi college men”.
There are only four or five drawbacks. The big one is that the game has lost a lot of its interest for the players. With blocking in any form heavily penalized, the game lapses into a race to get rid ot the ball before the bpposipg linemen can rush in, with nothing to stop them. When piinting the Offensive team must shout in clear and dulcet tones, “kick!”, wJfereupon everyone stands around and watches the scenery until the b#ll is in the air. A lot ot the things that made
the game interesting are gone.
Anothei difficulty is thakvno one can quite track down all the interpietations to the rules. In the Cary* Hall tourney, the game went on pretty much the same as last year. Various modifications of the no-blocking zuhng have been incorporated in the giound lules in most of the games by geneial discussion and wiangling between opposing teams and the
referee, in the interfraternity competition.
“Chief” Clevett, “Doc” Miller and the others who had the students’ interests enough in mind to change the game to lessen the number of injuries are to be commended for the work they have done. Obviously, injuries can mean time lost in school and, in addition, the Health Service is already overly busy. The sour note in the whole thing is that the players miss the occasional scratches and the keen '
competitive atmosphere of the real touchball.
What the fellows have been wondering about is where the logic lies in protecting thgm from haim in intramural sports and then spending a lot of money and time to toughen them up in the couise known as PEM 12. Anyone that has evet witnessed a PEM 12 class and an mtraniuial game, can tell you that the paiticipants in the lattei invariably get immeasui ably moie out of their game. They .want to play, they want to win—they aien’t required to compete and they put their utmost into it. Theie lies the most feitile field foi the production of college men that aie “in shape”. It seems to us that we are missing the pioverbial boat if we allow the intciest and benefits in intramuial participation to
deci ease.
The men that are in college now are all headed for a bountiful share of hard knocks in winning this war. Anything that can be done While they are here at the University to better prepare them to weather the knocks, is worthy of considerable thought before measures are taken to forget it.
Meet The
Team
Frank Ruggieri
DIAL 7278
132 NORTHWESTERN
mmm laundry
-
DOUGLAS SHOES
WANTA TINKER?
$5.50 - $6.50
equipment all at
PURDUE SHOE STORE
EDGERTON HDW. INC.
302 State St. West Lafayette
E. W. VanMeter, Pres.
EAT, DRIlVK Be Merry! forget the cares of cooking and dishes and come to the CAFETERIA for deliciously prepared foods. A bite to eat or a complete gieal at JhjL fiwidjusL Tllsmoucd, lAmmL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
MannfleldOfSPECops Fiat Distance Meet; PKPhis Win Title The Intrafi atei nity cross coiintiy Clown was won individually by Bill Mannfield repiesentlng ^Sigma Phi Epsilon. Mannfield completed the two and one-half mile couise in 11 18.7 minutes, excelling the time he made last week while winning the intei-school cioss countiy diadem. Mannfield, a piotege of Coach Geoige Faikas of Howe of Indianapolis and now a pupil of Coach Ileimon Phillips, w'as followed acioss the tape by Caitei ot Theta Chi. The next thiee finisheis weie Puce of Acacia, and Gammy and Swager of Pi Kappa Phi. Pi Kappa Phi Wins Title With the help of two men who finished high up in the standings, the team title went to the squad fiom"Pi Kappa Phi. They gaineied a total of 18 points in winning this crown. Coming in foi a close second weie the lepresentatives of Acacia who lan Up a scoie of 25
Coly’s
By the time you read Gifts will be Max Factor
T elephone lines — esjiecially Long Distance ciicuits —are crowded as never beloic, these war days. Matelials to build newlines — cojipcr, lubber, nickel — aie #needetl lor the shooting v’.ir. So we must get the most out ol jnesciil laeililies. Yon can help ns keep the w Ires (lear lor vital war calls if you will do tiicsc two things: (1) Don’t call Long Distance unless it’s iiigent; (2) Call by nuniber if pqssilile and please be brief. Thank you!
Hopeful of regaining some semblance of the form displayed against Northwestern and Fordham, the Riveter football squad is being groomed for a supreme effort to hit the comeback trail against undefeated Wisconsin here this Saturday afternoon in a gridiron battle that will provide the highlight of the annual Boilermaker Homecoming festivities. John Andretich, hard-driving Boilermaker halfback, who served as acting captain for the Riveters in the upset victory
over Northwestern, will again serve as acting captain in the game Saturday, it was announced today by Coach Bumham. Andretich, whose bull-
Although he was not so well like rushes were one of the big known as some other players to fuctors in the triumph over Boilermaker football fans prior to the Wildcats, has likewise been one the Fordham game, Frank Rug- of the most effective passers on the gieri had made a deep impression squad, completing seven out of 12 on the Big Ten wrestling world last attempts. winter. This is Frank’s third season Looking forward to the Badger on the varsity football squad, hav- battle, which will provide the first mg spent the last two yeais under- home appearance in four weeks, the ■ - Boilei makers find nothing strange
nor lightening in the underdog role in which they have been cast for the fifth straight Saturday. Outmanned, but not outfought. Coach Elmer Burnham’s squad, picked for the losing end in every.start, was nevertheless distinctly impressive against Fordham and rose to the heights to upset Northwestern. Although current season records give Wisconsin the edge in every department of play, Purdue’s hopes of springing another upset are somewhat buoyed by the past record of the seiies. Providing the “evenyear” Homecoming opposition for the Boilermakers without 'a break since the Ross-Ade Stadium was constructed, Wisconsin’s only victory at Lafayette was scored two yeais ago with a clock-stopping 1413 tiiumph. Since the series was renewed on a home and home basis
________________________ in 1925, the Boilermakers have studying such capable centers as ^ slim margin with seven Ted Axton and Bob Johnson. It was as compared with four not until Elmer Burnham decided Badgers and four ties, duiing spring practice that Rug- the all-time series standing, Wisgieri would fill one of the guard leads with 12 victories as positions that Fiank came into his with nine triumphs for own as a football player. ^ ® Riveteis and five ties. , Flank, a former star athlete at ftie Boileimaker forward Wall, South Bend Central High, was an '^hiCh was outcharged by the fast important cog in the Boilermaker staiting Buckeyes after turning in wrestling team that annexed the effective defensive, performances Big Ten title last season. This 200 against running plays in the first pound, 6 foot fellow went through thiee games, will admittedly face the regular season without a set- imposing task in attempting to back. To prove this feat was no ac- halt the Badger bevy of backs. To cident, Frank continued his winning Bat Haider, line blasting fullback, ways throughout the Big Ten cham- "’ho led the confeience in scoring pionship matches and letuined with ^ad yardage g;ains last fall. Coach the heavyweight diadem. Hariy Stuhldieher has added Elroy Flank says that his greatest “Ghost” Hirsch, sensational sophothiill in a football game came when' moie halfback, who galloped 62 Baiiy Flench bioke thiough and yards for a touchdown against blocked Allen Pick’s try for the Great Lakes last Saturday, extia point in the Noithwestern Pioviding the Boilermaker line game two weeks ago. He is a hold its own against a Badger senioi in the Physical Education foiwaid wall that has Dave SchreiSchool and will be graduated in ^er, All-American end, as an outMay, at which time he will enter standing star. Riveter hopes of the Navy. counteiing with an effective attack .. of its own will rest largely on the
shoulders of Kenny Smock and John
maikeis, Andietich, halfbacks; Bill BuflBngThe next fiateinity to place in ton, fullback, and Bob Hajzyk, quarthe two and one-hall mile stint was terback, a foursome that has shown Alpha Kappa Lambda with 40 considerable potential power,
points. They w'ere followed by Theta
Chi who legistered 40 tallies and Tnjv O ^ » Delta Chi whose inert gatheied in SCuOdlllOS a total of 76 points. The following ri-eshman Tennis Singles rastcheb must be played off by Friday eve-
— ning October 23. No additional time will
be given on thes>e matches. J W Stine \b John Rodgers. Mike Kovalow vs. Bill Hopkins. Bob Wells Vb. Nat Laskin.
The following Junior-Senior Tenliis Singles are to be pla> ed off by Friday evening, Qctober 23. No additional time will be given
on these matches.
J C Harribon vb. C. Christenbeh. M F Anderbon vs. C. B. Francis.
The following Sophomore Tennis Singles matches must be completed by Friday evening, i October 23 No additional time will
be given on these matches. Jack Cohen vs Bob Hannam
Gordon Gifford vs F. D Brandel.
Sidney Blit* vs M. J. Gardner.
The following All-Campus Tennis Singles matchtb must be played by Friday evening October 23 No additional time will be
given
Uave Rodgers vs C S Armstrong. RE Rawlings vs winner ol G. E. Gif. ford vs J A. Anderson 'The following Fraternity Touchball games will be played Thursday evening. October 22, at 4 15
Field
1 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta Theta Pi. Umpire, Bussing. 2 Kappa Delta Rho vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Umpire. Shook 5 Phi Sigma Kappa vs Sigma Pi. UniPile, Musselman. 4 Phi Kappa vs Phi Gamma Delta. Umpire, Rodgers. 5 Pi Kappa Phi vs Tau Epsilon Phi. Umpire, Hayykins. b Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Acacia. Umpire, Foss. 7 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon Umpire, Harvey. 8 Phi Kappa Psi vs Theta Xi. Umpire, Thompson. 9 Delta Tau Delta vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Umpire, Nordquist. lU Sigma Chi vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Umpire, Pilarski 11 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Tau Kappa Epsilon Umpire, Becker 12 Phi Kappa Tail vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Umpire Sprague. 13 Delta Upsilon Vs, Kappa Sigma. Umpae Enmrson. I Oian Mills Studio I « (Distinctive Portraiture/ ^ .K’ 20S East Siat« S J Phone 3413 S
Yardley’s
this ad our Christmas
on display! Evening in Paris
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
Across from tlie Union Building
M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
STROUER MOCCASINS Oui LOW Price
ISO
}i
Amf
%
V iTf) ^ Ws~^' ' ' ‘( -'f<f * w ^ (f ’ ' ." j ’ 1 J.‘ ^ ^ I y j -J ‘ ‘*4 ‘■x ^ '^} S ' “:‘Z'‘%> • '• ' ' 'i, •. , V»p,jV , » ' ^ " ' i. , \ '- ’ ^^ J^0fftt^ ■J^pn^ejU.Jtt " Tifund;y, Gplpt^
'fg'
University Gra(|uates Cue Champion Deadline For PIA 181 SadjOis At Second Will Appear Homecoming Contest Exer^se Tuesday Here Friday Set For Tomorrow
Completing fifteen weeks of intensiTC -study, the second class graduated'' Jrom the Naval Training School at the University Tuesday ^uightkThe men receiving the rating of' electrician’s mate, third class, numbered‘182, and nine men graduated as “strikers” for the same rating. After assignment to active duty, the latter will have an oppor1 unity to wear the “crow” or rating badge on their sleeve. Those successfuly completing the course represent 95.5 per cent of the original company of 200 men. On September 17, the first company of 187 men graduated and are now assigned to ship and shore stations. Three additional companies are now in-training at the University. Banquet Precedes Graduation A banquet in the Union for the graduates, their instructors, and University and Naval officials preceded the graduation exercises in the Music Hall. An ovation of cheers and songs from their classmates greeted the graduates as they filed into-the Hall of Music. Lt.-Gommander Herbert M. Hart, commanding officer of the school, expressed his pride in the fine record made by the second class. He stated that the Naval Training School at the University is one of the most outstanding schools for electricians in the country. Elliott Speaks Dr. Edward C. Elliott, president of the University, now on leave of absence to serve with the War Manpower Commission in Washington, D. C., and Prof. C. W. Beese, director of war training at the University, spoke briefly. The presiding officer was Ensign Leon Somers, second company commander. George A. Youmans, of Maynard, Iowa, who made a 2,831 out of a possible 3,000 points, received the award for the highest scholarship. Charles Joseph Jeitner, of Barrington, N. J., won the award for the most deserving trainee. At the close of the ceremony, the graduates were given liberty for the remainder of the week, after which they will be assigned to their next station. Beginning Friday morning, the remaind^* of the lyainees will be granted a 72 hour leave for this week-end. Beauty Contest (Continued from page 1) will reign as the campus queens for the years is to be made Friday night at the Homecoming mixer. The four will then be presented to the student body. The thirteen girls in the finals are asked by the Debris staff to be present at the mixer at 10 o’clock. Personnel Notes Companies to visit campus; General Electric Co., Schenectady, New York—October 21, 22 and 23. All General Electric interviews will be held in Room 116, Electrical Engineering Building. E. I. du Pont de Nemours & Co., Wilmington, Delaware—October 26. Interested in ME, w'omen chemists. Bendix Aviation Corp., Brooklyn, N. Y.—October 26 and 27. ■ General Chemical Co., New Yoi’k —October 27. Sperry Gyroscope Company, Inc., Brooklyn, New York—October 27. McDonnell Airrralt Corp., S’ Louis, MLsouri—Interc jted’in ME. CE and Ac’oE. U. S. Civil Service Commission, Washi^igton, D. C.—October 29. Interested in engineers. Bell Aircraft, Buffalo, New York ■—November 2 and 3. Interested in ME, AeroE. Bethlehem Steel Co., Bethlehem, Pa.—November 4 and 5.
Expert- Win Play Campus Winners Charles C. Pcter.'^on, the world’s fancy shot billiard champion, will give a lecture-exhibition on all phases of his cue wizardy of the green table sport at the Billiard Room in the Union Building tomorrow night at 7:30. He will again prove that no one should say “impossible” in reference to billiard shots Until they have seen Pete in action. He is probably the most enthusiastic billiard player in the country and he enjoys teaching the game to beginners. This is the eleventh of his annual tours of American colleges since he started in 1931. He is credited with the development'of billiard interest in colleges, which at present reaches an annual climax in intercollegiate competition in pockets, straight-rail and_ threecushion play. To Play Local Winners While he is here, Peterson will play the local winners of campus competition. Three cushion winners are W. H. Bottomley, J. W. Blanton, V. G. Sharpe, and R. A. Dover. Straight rail winners are R. F. Parker, H. W. Bottomley, H. R. Roberts and K. S. Ling. Peterson’s exhibition includes a demonstration of billiard fundamentals, the application of a few simple pointers to good billiard play, a demonstration of the favorite shots of cue champions of the last forty years, and a variety of trick shots. 250 Appearances Besides visiting on this campus last year, he appeared before more than 200 schools, boys’ clubs. Army and Navy posts and civic centers, and he expects to show before 250 groups on his current tour, which will keep him on the road well into the spi’ing of 1943. Dr. R. H. Bray Addresses Indiana
All entries for the PIA homecoming display contest are to be in the PIA office before tomorrow evening. This contest is limited to the Independent and Co-op houses of the campus. PIA is sponsoring this decoration contest to keep alive the tradition of decorating for the homecoming celebration. Two prizes will be awai'ded for the best and most original displays. A silver cup, suitably engraved, will be the first prize; while a plaque consisting of an engraved silver plate mounted on a stained wood form will bo given as second prize. The rules are simple and few. Each display must cost not more than $5.00. Entries must be in the PIA office by Fidday night, and the displays must be completed before the actual judging since the judge’s decision will be final. Dr. E. T. McBee, of the chemistry department, will judge the displays after the game on Saturday. There
is no entry fee.
ROIC
Agnes G.Measor To Speak Today At Survey Class Agnes G. Reasor, a'University graduate and home econoinist for Swift & Company, will speak today to Dean Mary L. Matthews’ freshman survey class on “Home Economics Opportunities in Business.” 'Miss Reasof graduated in Home Economics, having majored in Institution Management. Since graduation she has managed a tearoom, conducted cooking schools, directed sales promotion, and appeared on many radio programs. She became a member of the Martha Logan Test Kitchen staff at Swift & Company in 1939,'and is now a merchandising and promotion specialist. She is a member of the Chicago Home Economies Women in Business and the Chicago Woman’s Advertising club. Miss Reasor will also speak to Ihstitution Management classes of Prof. Edith Gamble while she is at
the University.
Staff Will Speak To State Teachers
Dr. E. C. Elliott Returns ^• c. Young
i l
From Washington For Trustees' Meeting
Soil Society
Dr. R. H. Bray, associate chief of soil survey analysis of the department of agronomy. University of Illinois, will speak at the logular monthly meeting of the Roil Science Society of Indiana to l,e hold at 7 p. m. tonight in loom 304 of the Union, according to P. T. I'eale, secretary-treasurer of iho society. Dr. Bray is a soil testing .siiecialist at the University of Iliinois, and has performed reseaich (lining the last twelve years on the methods of dealing with the availability of forms of phosphates in the soil. He has also investigated the availability and behavior of potassium in the earth. A dinner for Dr. Bray will be held in the Union cafeteria at 6 p. m.
(Continued from page 11 completion of the basic ROTC course, those enlisted in the Enlisted Reserve Corps who, at the time of their enlistment indicated a preference for the Navy, Marine Corps or Coast Guard Reserve will be discharged from Ihe Army Enlisted Reserve Corps for the purpose of enlisting in the service.of their indicated choice.” Coeds Complete WAA Cabin Leaders'Course Twenty-six girls have compiled and passed the WAA cabin leaders course given under the direction of Miss Bond. Those who have completed the course are as follows: Dorothy Antencn, Patsy Barnett, Elizabeth Baughman, Chris Christenson, Barbara Conrad, Shirley Eldridge, Anna May Fickle, Alice Fox, Delora Gullstrom, Marietta Griffith, Mary Haymaker, Helen
Howarth.
Frances Hutcherson, Alice Hunsinger, Marilyn Koll, Betty King, Marion La Fuze, Claire Mangus, Maijone Mattson, Eleanor Mcnnen, Pat Moiedoek, Aniu' Rippetoe, Josephine Rusk, Jean B. Smith, Lois Ver Iloeven and Lainie Wear. Gilbert D. Williams . . . WBAA diioctor, will particijiate in a special panel discussion in Indianapolis this morning on the i-ubject, “What Shall Be Taught About Radio in the High Schools.” Williams will represent educational radio stations at this discu.ssion duimg the annual Indiana State Teachers’ Convention. PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
At Indianapolis Twelve members of the Uniyersity faculty and staff will appear at the convention of Indiana elementary and secondary teachers which is being held today and tomorrow in Indianapolis. Prof. E. R. Martell, head of the forestry and conservation department, will speak on the biology forum; Prof. C. G. Fredine, research biologist at the Agricultural Extension Station, and E. P. Miller of the Chem and Met Engineering staff,
will also talk.
WBAA Director To Speak Prof. N. G. Thomas of the history, economics, and government department, will address the social science groups; Leland S. Winch, of the speech depai’tment, and Gilbert D. Williams, director of WBAA, will also appear on the program. Other representatives will be Miss Edna Troth of the Agricultural Extension staff; A1 Stewai’t, choral directi>r, and Dr. E. L. Butz, of the department of faim management. Miss Helen Schleman, director of the Women’s Residence Halls; Dr. Floyd Eastwood of the physical oducalion department for men, and Harry F. Ainsworth of the vocational education department will also lead in vaiious discus.sions.
President E. C. Elliott arrived home Tuesday afternoon from Washington wihere he is on leaVe from the University to serve as chief of the professional and technical training division of the War Manpower Commission. ’ He returned’ for the 'quarterly meeting of the Board of Trustees, which took place yesterday. He leaves today for Chicago to attend a dinner this evening honoring Sir Hoctor Hetherington, chancellor of the University of Glasgow, Scot-
land.
Dr. Elliott is scheduled to speak before the National Association of State Universities tomorrow and will return to Washington Monday. He will return, however, to Chicago Thursday to speak before the Land Grant College Association and on the following day will address the Association of Governing Boards of State Universities at Minneapolis. Before going back to Washington, he will return to the University. Bombs To Rain On Hotel PU Again Tomorrow Night Renewed bombings of Hotel PU and the skeleton village will be conducted from 7 to 8:30 p. m. tomorrow night in the area just north of the stadium. The demonstration will be held especially for the Civilian Protection training school which was opened here on Monday; however it will be used to acquaint as many people as possible with the manner in which the various types of bombs act when they are dropped from an aii'plane. The demonstration will be open to the general public with bleacher seats erected to accommodate a crowd of several hundred people. Phi Sigma Kappa . . . social fraternity, announces the installation of the following officers: Charles Turner, president; Richard Morgan, vice - president; Robert Hansen, treasurer; Ernest Grider, secretary; Claus Naeke and Chi istopher S c h e n k e 1, co-rush chairmen; John Underwood, sentinel, and Clarence Fauber, social chairman.
. . . dean,of the Graduate School, has been in Chicago during the week serving as a member of a national committee advising meat.paoking concerns. The committee has been meeting to consider a series 'of educational films' for na-
tion-'vvide use.
Placement Notes For Women Girls interested in selling Christmas cards should call the Placement Service for Women (2955) immedi-
ately.
Notices
Sisrma Delta Pal: Important meeting on Thursday, October 22, in-'Room 107 of the Fieldhouse at 7 p. m. Election of two officers will be held. —SEATON Distinguished Students: Distinguished students for 1942 Summer Term may collect $30 refunds at the cashier's office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE Playshop Ticket Salesmen: Please return all unsold faeason books to Playshop Office at ohce. —DELONG Gimlet Club: Anyone who turned in their gome coupons can get their tickets for the Wisconsin, Great Lakes and Indiana football games by coming to me this wi»ek
-FRASER
Pistol Team Tryouts: The following students are requested to report to the Armory ot 4 p. m. Monday, October 26, to try oiut for the pistol team: A. E, Butkovich, D. C. Carter, G, I. Dunly, A. D. Fellenzer, W. G. Fischer, F. R. Henke, L. V. McCabe, R. R. DIoore, S. F, Cullen, E. Smolnk R. P. Vnylor, C. L. Weir and E. W. William.
—BROWN
Pi Tttu Sigma: August initiates may obtain their shingles at the main offico of the M. E. Building. Please call for them this week. —KINNEY Exponent Workers: The regular meeting of the following persons on my beat will bo held Thursday. October 22, at 4 rin p. m.; Stephenson, 'Vegh, Martindell, Tuttle, WilWr, Riggs, Baynes, Hardy and Lynch --ROQUEMORE Vocational Conference Chairmen: Veiy important meeting Monday at 1:30 p. m. in Room 307 of the .Union. Instructions and assignments will be given tm Ihe conference—Pel vine. Schickler, Web(^i. Piltinan, Haynes, Chatfield. Patrick, Honnis, Benson, Van Goikuni, Walkqr, Rctherlord, Thomp^n, Buechele. Stiidebakor. K,.sslor. Heath and Bollman. Gall me if you can’t be there. —CREEL Skull and Crepcent: Meet at Plii Dolt House at 4 p. ip. Friday loi pop sos'-ion preparation. - WELTY
Modern Dance: There will be an important bUflinosB meeting before practice Ttturflday, October 22, at 7 J80 p. m. Meet i}1|' the Women’s Gym before,dressing for practice, linportant'that ^ all pld girls dje at 'thlifl practice and the practice (on Friday at 4 p. jh, s —SERBAN SCabbard and/Blade: A very sfeort business meeting will be held for i\ll actives and pledges in the Armory at 4:15 today. Formation for National Scabbard and Blade Day will be discussed and gun squad for salute will be chosen. Officers Guides will bo distributed. No uniforms should be worn.
—SPENOKtl
Sludent Senate: Meeting tonight at 7:30 in Semite offico. —NEPP WAA Council: Mooting .tonight .at 7:30 in gym. —STEIGBRWOI^D SCA Board: Nomination of'SCA officers Tuesday, Octt her 27. at 7:30 p. m. Other critical mattirs will ho discusS^. Please he prompt. —MOGAVERO Luther.in Students: Hallowe’en party at llie chuKh, 010 North Ninth street at 7:30 p. m. on Stmday, October 2B.
—WALLACE
Enlisted Reserve Applicants: All students who passed the Enlisted ^Reserve Corps Unas, ohy deal examination prior to October 20 are requested to report to Room B-4 of th<* Armory for completion of their enlistment.
—GRAHAM
Wesley Players: Important business meeting Thursday, October 22 at 8 p. m. for all active and associate members. Closed meeting in the great hall. —WOODWARD
The Western Union Telegraph Co.—Intel ebted in EE. 'fhe Glenn L. Martin Co., Baltimore, Maryland — Interested in AeroE, ME, CE, EE, and PSE. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, October 28. Dunbar Furniture Manufacturing Co., Berne, Ind.—Interested in Science men familial with cost accounting and time studies. University Honors Elliott At Reception President Edward O. Elliott, who has returned to the University for a week, was honored hast night by a reception held at the first meeting of the University Club for the year 1942-43. Entertainment for the evening included a program in the music room under the direction of Prof. C. C. Lee, bridge in the west faculty lounge with Prof, and Mrs. S. M. kauge in charge, and dancing in the ballroom under the supervision of J?xoi. Jud Rising.
By MsKbrii'y ffWiDi-li
U. 8. Pat. No. 2.258,27
BBASSIERS
Nylon Mesh Brassiere. White, Nutra, Black, 32 to 38 2.00
Pantie with satin panel fiont and satin Lassex back, detachable garters—talon fastenings .5.00
Other Panlu's 2.00 to 6.95
— We Fit Brassieres ■
LINE LEVELINi;
ciuiilcativj com^odal)ie >)c >|c Wliatever your schedule, aciiviiy’s easier in a P.intie Exy incitoUY. Move about, in, out . . . tEiey’tc as ficr ,ind flexible as yout own young . flcsli. Get .1 hip-trimming, thigh disguiser by HiCKORy tod.iy—for many irimnaer tomorrows. And top it off with a t>rRM.\-l U i Br.i . . . tEie magic "tll J IIIAT Nl.VlR lElS YOU DOWN” . . . that caii’l wash or wear 'away. CORSET CORNER SECOND FLOOR Palais Roual
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns, lugttage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, to? Columbia. Typewriters—Adding Machines, all maliei sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work dope. C. J. Bbersboff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Wanted—Students for extra work, after 4 p. m. and evenings. Apply Memorial Union Manager’s office. F. T. Mallory, night manager. Wanted—To help in large student rooming lionse. Will give 8 hours work daily for one liglit housekeeping room, small salary. Box H, Purdue Exponent. For Sale—Tuxedo. Siae 37. Keasonable. Phone 850G3. Lost—A gold Elgin wrist watch. See or call R. A Robinson, 416 N. Chauncey. Phone 6028.
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
Ifyoutooktiietroubletounscrambletliis ad—thenyoushouidmakesureyour nextsbirtisanArrow.
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
It ‘Fit to be tiedT
If you’re “fit to be tied” with shorta that hitch and bind you, change to Arrow Shorts, with the patented seamless crotch construction . . . there’s no binding or chafing, and there’s plenty of room! The Arrow Sanforized label is assurance that the garment will slay your correct size. (Fabric shrinkage less than 1%). Get Arrow Shorts today! Tops, 55c Shorts, 75c
if. mi u, s. WAS BONOS ano Stamps
IS*.
ARROW SHIRTS
. -^iTilES •’C0U(i'RS • RAHOKERCHIERS,. UNDERWE’AiR • SPOiRT SH’IRT.'i
^juUumX. Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE