’ 1 ' I / Union Presents Minstrel Today
A Co-ed Paper Because'of keen interest and unusual ambition the coed staff today publishes its second co-ed edition of the semester. Prior to this there has been but one co-ed edition a year, but the present staff aims at one a month.
•the Purdue
Exponent
VOLUME 49 Lafayette, Indiana November 25, 1937 NUMBER 62
SAE Auto Show Opens In Armory Tomorrow At 4 Special exhibits, designs of future cars, new cars from every Lafayette dealer, and orchestra music, will characterize the third annual automobile show, sponsored by the society of automotive engineers, which will be held tomorrow afternoon and Saturday ^n the University Armory. Fifty or sixty cars will be exhibited, making this the largest number of American models to be shown in a University autoinobile show.
Co-eds Will Attend Activities Meeting At DePauw University Representatives from University co-ed activities will attend a state activities’ conference at DePauw University December 4. The University delegation will include the various executives, leaders, and other interested members of the honoraries, and extra-curricular activities in which women students may participate. The morning program of the conference will feature discussion groups led by college deans and faculty leaders. Co-eds chosen from the representative colleges will lead the afternoon meetings in the various activity groups. Wha t Does Today’s Dinner Give You? B> Mary Carolyne Davis Tuikey . , . cranberries .. . pumpkin pie . . . These three aie synonyms for lor Thanksgiving dinner. And since Thanksgiving is such a traditional and peculiarly American custom, these three are rightly secure in their precedence ovei other dishes. But for the hostess who is weary of the triangle which never varies, we suggest these innovations ^ For an appetizer, hot spiced cranberry juice, served with poppy seed cheese sticks. To add a distinctive flavor and variety to the tiirkey left for tomorlow, serve with it thin slices of hot baked ham. Along the vegetable line, add chestnuts to the sauce poured over bi'ussel sprouts. Introduce the pecan to the pumpkin pie! Spread a thick layer of whipped cream over the pumpkin, and drop fat pecans on top. Turkey . . . cranberries ... piimpkin pie . . . Happy Thanksgiving!
State police will have an exhibit of pictures and posters, and may have a white safety car, with pv^lic address system hookup on exhibit. Army Tanks Light army tanks, machine gun equipped, from Marmon-Herrington of Indianapolis, wil Ihold a section of the floor. Original automobile designs by Alex Tremulis, designer for the Briggs Body Company, and drawings from his years of desig^iing will be on exhibit. Many of his de signs predict future trends in body styling. Tremulis has invented the cat-walk and a cooling system. Also the built-in headlights were his innovation. WBAA Will Broadcast ' Half hour programs from the exhibit, complete with orchestra music, skits, and interviews of exhib itors and visitors, will be broadcast over WBAA each afternoon. Hours for the show will be from 4 to 10 p. m. tomorrow and on Saturday from 8 a. m. until 10 p. m. The Lafayette Journal Courier issued a special automobile supplement today, an entire section devoted to next year’s models in all well known makes of cars. Ben Van Doren, secretary of the show committee, said last night, “Never before have we attempted a show this large. We are holding it in the Armory instead of the mechanical building basement since we need more space. Everyone is invited.” Pi Tau Sigma Piedges 18 Pi Tau Sigma, Mechanical Engineering honorary, announces the pledging of the following men: R. L. Eichhorn, W. Kupchick, P. L. Coers, R. L. Scott, P. M. Crosby, D. E. Wilkins, A. K. Fisher, C. B. Neilson, W. Fusiek, M. C. Hunt, J. F. McCauley, J. W. Reichart, R. M. Holzbach, G. F. Springman, J. E. Goory, V. E. Holmes, J. D. Baker, D. C. Harvey.
Black Of Black And Tan
Show Officials Distribute Twelve Hundred Tickets Performances To Begin At 1:15, 7:45 In Ballroom; Gags, Dances, Acts Make Up 90 Minute Program Twelve hundred tickets have been distributed for the two performances of the Black and Tan Fantasy, being put on in the Union ballroom today. The annual free show, sponsored by the Student Union, is a part of its fifteenth anniversary program. The two performances will be presented in the Union ballroom at 1:15 o’clock and again this evening at 7:45. All seats not occupied by the scheduled hour will be turned over to
McCoy Will Preside At Union ^BigApple ’Dance Tomorrow
Banjo—Long Sought Playshop Prop Located After Strenuous Searching
Clyde “Sugar Blues” McCoy will act the dual role of dance maestro and contest judge at the Union “Big Apple” anniversary dance tomorrow evening in the ballroom. This dance will take the place of the annual Union Cabaret which has previously been held on this date, the Memorial Union’s fifteenth anniversary. At 11 o’clock, a big circle will be cleared on the dance flqor and the contests will begin. Rules announced by Union vice-presidents Taylor and Garland state that groups of approximately 10 couples may enter but each group must have a chairman to call the steps. Chairmen Register Chairmen mus;^ register with McCoy before 11 and each group will be given five minutes in which to strut and swing. The winning “big applers” chosen by Clyde McCoy, must give a five-minute exhibition. Winners will be awarded shining red ^apples, compliments of the Union board. The informal dance will be held from 9 to 12:30, with the regular dollar admission charge prevailing. Clyde McCoy and his band will stay until Saturday to present^ free swing concert in the Union ballroom from 7 to 8 p. m. following which they will preside over the regular mixer from 9 to 12. Poultry Judges Leave For Intercollegiate Contest The University Boultry Judgring Team, coached by Professor Schnetzler of the poultry department, will leave today to compete in the Intercollegeiate Poultry Judging Contest Saturday. This contest is held in connection with the International Livestock Exposition. The team, J. C. Dibble, R. B. Davis, E. P. Kendall, and S. B. Swann, will judge production, exhibition, and marketing of fowls.
By Dorothea Justin A banjo .. . one five-stringed banjo .. . has b^en all that Jane Robinson, Playshop properties committee chairman, has asked for in her prayers the last five nights. Gibbs Williams and Kenn Carmichael, directors of “Hell Bent Fer Heaven,” which will be presented next week, demanded a banjo. McLean’s music store didn’t have one. Frelinger’s had only one, and wanted to keep it available for sale. Dr. E. O. Metzger, Mulberry, reported to have one of the desired instruments, had left town—not to leturn until next week. His secretary thought, however, that some people out in Piermont had one—• a five stringed one at that. Playshop props “tommittee bundled up, drove out into the night, to Piermont. Icy roads, hills, a missed dinner.
were nothing to the banjo seekers. If Peggy Ulrey, HE freshman, had a banjo, her pride in the University and dramatics would be appealed to. Peggy wasn’t at Piermont, but her little sistefs said Bob Jones of Rossville, who owned the banjo, had it at his home. Eight more miles — and eight miles of frenzied hope that mail carrier Jones would loan his banjo to the cause. His hearty laugh and acquiescence eased the worries of the props members. He would! Getting lost, rolling backward on an icy hill, and the kind help of a white bearde<l man with a lantern seemed gay adventure to the props committee, as they triumphantly drove home. Kenn and Jane would be satisfied, and the play would .go onl
NY A Workers Checks for period ending November 9 are now available at cashier’s office in Executive Building. W. W. Hollensbee, University Cashier.
Marionette Group To Give 3 Sbws Today Three marionette shows, sponsored by the American Association of University Women and presented by the Olvera Street Marionette group, will be given in Jefferson High School Gymnasium today. The shows will be presented at 10:30 ST. m., and 3:30 and 8:00 p. m. The Olvera Street Marionette Group is one of the foremost groups of its kind in the country, and t^e American Association of University Women is sponsoring the show in an endeavor to raise money for their national scholarship fund. The evening performance will feature a demonstration of working marionettes in addition to the regular show. A portion of the stage will be removed so that the audience will have an opportunity to see how the marionette are manipulated. Tickets for the show are on sale at the Residence Halls, and fraternity and sorority houses at 35 cents each. Home E( Co-eds Tour Reference Library Junior home economics students majoring in nutrition, and senior students specializing in clothing and textiles, made an inspection trip to the University Library this week. The purpose of the trip ^as to acquaint the girls with the reference material which they might use for the advanced reference work in their classes. Professor W. M. Hepburn, University librarian, explained the various references to the girls.' Professor Margaret Johnson and Dr. Marian Griffith, of the home economics school, conducted the tour. This trip was one of several tours which these classes have made recently. A previous trip was an inspection of a local ^dry cleaning plant.
the general public. Act one of the Fantasy, a Minstrel Show, includes the Introduction by Peggy Boyce, Mary Jane Hunt, June Sutor, and Mary Jane Laramore accompanied by Pat Clinton’s orchestra. Bob Skinner appears in “Breakin’ The Ice” followed by impersonations by Jerry Ciral; “The Lady is a Tramp” by Benny Burns; “Seeing Double” by Eugene Flater; and “You Or No One”‘by Eve Ruth. Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton present their dance duet, and the pony chorus does some specialty numbers. Act Two Pat Clinton and the band open Act Two with “Jam Session” followed by “Is It Love” by Bud Wagner, “Rosalie” by Vern Breitwieser leads up to the finale of the show. Union vice-presidents W. K. Millholland and A. P. Taylor are directing the show. Frances Eastburn is in charge of costumes, and the stage and lights are being supervised by R. S. Harper. Dances are under the direction of Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton. Pony Chorus The Black Specialty Chorus— the dancing ponies—is composed of Ruth Bennett, Thelma Goodwin, Willie Gross, Dorothy Kolher, Mary Jean Sefton, Harriett Shepard, Margaret Stocker and Peggy Timberlake. Dick Crhig is interlocutor and Fred Ahrens, Tevy Spencer Sterling Meier^ and Dave Thompson as end men complete the cast. Purdue, IU Grads In Hew York Meet, Hear Saturday's Game Over Spedal Wire Sixty-four Boilermakers and 86 Hoosiers in New York City sang, cheered, and yelled Saturday afternoon as they listened to a report of the Purdue-Indiana football game, which was received via a specially leased wire at the old Interfraternity Club in New York. Purdue’s Oliphant and Indiana’s Boxell announced alternate quarters of the game. - As Purdue’s winning touchdown was made pandemonium broke loose. This gathering was sponsored by the weekly Wednesday luncheon club, which was started early in the fall by New York alumni club officials of the University.
West Side Baptist Church: Roger Williams Club will leave the West Side Baptist Church at 2;30 this afternoon for their annual Thanksgiving oUtiffg at Vawter’s Camp on the Tippecanoe River. A lee of 26 cents will be charged to cover transportation.
West Side Methodist, West Side Baptist, and Christian Churches are holding union services at 10 this morning in the Baptist Church. Reverend Martin Hunter, student pastor of the Christian cl^urch, will speak.
Union Carriers Will Distribute Activities Guides Tomorrow Student Union Carriers will begin distribution of the Student Activities Guides tomorrow to all enrolled students. Senior Counselors have already received their copies. Each of the various organizations on campus is found under its proper classification. With each club is listed its nature, the main work, eligibility requirements, time required, the correct person or persons to contact for further information, and place of meeting. This guide shows all signs of being a supplement to the freshman ‘Bibles' and helpful to upperclassmen as well. Organizations are grouped according to types. Athletics seem to have the greatest appeal for the entire student body; these organizations, including booster clubs, team managers, and women’s athletics, lead the field. Next in number come engineering honoraries and societies. The various organizations are numbered thus: Athletic organizations, 18; Engineering, 12; Dramatics, Forensics, Music, 11; Publications, 9; Agriculture, 8; Social groups, 8; Hobby Clubs, 6; Science, 5; Military Training, 5; Religious, 5; Student Government, 4; Service, 4; and Home Economics, 2. 200 Observe Earhart Rifes In New York More than 200 men and women gathered at the edge of Floyd Bennett field in Brooklsoi, N. Y., Tuesday, for a meeting in memory of Amelia Earhart, world famed aviatrix, who was lost in the Pacific Ocean on a flight around the world in her ship, the Purdue Flying Laboratory. The program was sponsored by the New York City branch of the Woman’s International Association of Aeronautics. Miss Earhart was a member of the University staff in the capacity of a consultant in careers for women.
Pledge Buttons Wander Much Like Their Bi^ Brothers, Fraternity Pins
By Georgia Carroll Maybe you think the life of a fraternity pin is glamorous, but just try to keep up with a pledge pin. Already 1937 pledges report unusual experiences for their pledge badges. A Kappa and a Chicago girl friend, whom she was entertaining over the week-end, spent all of one Sunday morning looking for that all impoi’tant piece of metal, the pledge pin. Finally they gave up in despair. The Chicago girl went home; the Kappa pledge woefully thought she would have to plunk out money for a new pin. Button Shows Up , But two days later the button came back through the mail with this note: “I didn’t make the folks think that I had been pledged Kappa over the week-end. The darned pin just stuck in my hair net.” Who ever would have thought that Chi O pledge pins possess elasticity? Dee Countryman dropped her emblem of sisterhood on a hard WRH bedroom floor, then spent
most of the afternoon pushing furniture around looking for it.' Yroagine her chagrin upon noticing that the pin had bounced onto a shelf six inches from the floor. Find Theta Pin Under Bed After a scramble on the second floor of WRH South, two unorganized girls found a Theta pledge pin under their bed. Ann Loripg, to whom the pin was returned, vowed never to let it out of her sight again. Jerry Burke, another WRH’er, found a Kappa pledge pin stepped deep into the rug by her dresser. After much detecting, it was discovered that Treva Berry, who occupied Jerry’s room last year, had lost the pin during the first semester of last year. What a life! And then there’s the Alpha Xi^ whose pin was lost last spring and unearthed at Southworth’s this fall. Pi Phi and Alpha Chi pledges say that their pins have been around too. but will not allow any material on the subject to be printed.^1, ! 4t
to ^ <A‘
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
the Purdue Exponent
g^aetinted gnWegtate ‘jlrcat
Sweet scent of mmce and pumpkin pie Combined with cake and tuikey roast Compete with cranberries and fruit To please each happy guest the most” These two quotations from “Thanksgiving Days” by an unknown author seem to represent stereotypes of this holiday The thoughts of families and firesides and lots of good food could be considered stereotypes of America
Entered as second class matter at the poet offiee in Lafayette, Indiana, under tbd act of Conirreea of Mardi S, 1879, and at the special rate of poetase provided for in section llOS, act of Oct 8, 1917, authorised Jan 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday durina the reaular aca* demic year and weekly during: the Summer Session Campus subscriptions $8 per year, by mail $8.60 RseacaeNTED for national advcrTIsino av National AdveriasingService, Inc. College Publishers Pepresentatlve 420 Madison AvE New York N Y CHicAoo Boston Los Angeles San Francisco MAIN OFFICE 312 N Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6087 Business Phone 6088 UNION OFFICE Room E Memorial Union Buildine, West Lafayette Ind Phone 4006, ask for Exponent OiTice
And does our fellow countiy, Canada, celebrate this day Yes, Canadians give thanks in a similar fashion only on a different date The Monday of the week of Aimistice Day, November 11, allows them an opportunity to relax and enjoy the harvests Looking beyond this continent we can find other countries giving thanks foi the benefits of the harvest. Fall, and especially November seem to be the usual time for these annual events in Norway, Japan, and the Virgin Islands We of the United States would appear to have more to be thankful for this year than the Japanese, whose families aie separated by war
Edltor-In-Chief
Bnsinesa MMiarer
R. P. Manion
D.C. Miller
Coming directly to this campus, we dare say the students are glad of Thanksgiving Day just because it IS a holiday—a chance to rest and enjoy our families and fi lends We have President Lincoln to recognize for this extra, legal holiday, for he realized that tlie Bpiiit and feeling were in the United States and that these qualities should be lecogmzed by the entiie nation As a result of this proclamation appointing the last Thursday in November as Thanksgiving Day every State, and Territory, and possession of the United States of America except Utah, has today as a legal holiday It is unusual to find a state not com plying with this proclamation, but the disagreement is only legally (it is not written in the statute books) Socially—Utah recognizes today as Thanksgiving —E C P A Longer Vacation Next Year Thanksgiving vacation—to have or not to have, that is the question It was hoped that the question was settled a few years ago when the Student Senate voted to have only a one day Than)csgiving vacation and a spring vacation Now for the past two years there has been agitation for longer Thanksgiving vacation We agree We want more too, but we suggest that if we are really to have it, we must start now, working for a week
CO ED EDITOR—ELIZABETH PYKE Assistants Juniors—Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sophomores—Pat Henry, Alice Martens, Emilie Sawdon, Georgann Schilling, Kay Thiasher Freshmen—Joy Johnson, Jane Briscoe, Mane Butz, Barbara Joy, Martha Limpus, Ruth Rose, Charlotte Seabest, Ruth Wattleworth, Ruth Williams
This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergrradnate students of Purdue University All opinions in it unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. Ail unsiKned editonals are written by the edi-tor-in-chief
Issue Editor—Sally McKee Night Editor—Hardin Thursday November 25 1937
end Thanksgiving for next yeai The question is complicated Do we want a shorter Chi istmas vacation or spring vacation ’ Do we want a Thanksgiving vacation at the expense of earlier beginning of school or longer school year’ Would it woik a hardship on those who live at great distances, since fraternity houses, sororities, and residence halls and houses would not have a large enough group for Thanksgiving dinners’ But if the answer is yes, we do want Thanksgiving vacation, then work must be started immediately The University calendar is a complicated, cumbersome thing to tamper with, and any alterations in it should be made before it becomes permanent —S McK
5y Mary Cooley Of course most every college cam pus has its own peculiar tiaditions, hut when Syracuse University freshmen and sophomores hold their annual get-together, eveiy one gets “pasted”—^positively soaked m fact This IS Lhe way they do it The sophomores stand on top of Crouse Hill and defend their position fiom the frosh bv a watei cannonade via fire hose And the frosh defense is “in the bag”—of flour Hence the “paste ”
Nationally known industrialist and philanthropist William H Donner, who established the International Cancer Research Foundation, has recently presented Hanover College (the school of his youth) with a generous gift Mr Donner, who was prompted by pride in the record of the school contributed $250,000 to a building an endowment program However the gift is conditional, based on the institution’s success m producing a similar sum Success of the money raising campaign will give Hanover campus accommodations for 500 stu dents, with numerous improvements
m building and equipment it Tti k 5< Jeanne Cagney is a star m the Hunter College (New Yoik) var sity production of “Anothei Lan guage ” Jimmy Cagney’s little 18 yeai-old sistei has been acting evei since she can lemember but always foi the fun of it She has appeared m several other diamatic productions by the “Makeup Box,” Hunter College’s student diamatic society
Today — Fri. — Sat.
—ALSO— Last Episode of “Robinson Crusoe” —PLUS— Preview of Next Serial “DICK TRACY”
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS Friday, Nov. 26, 7:00 P. M. SHAG, BIG APPLE AND LATEST DANCES TAUGHT RATES TEN LESSONS $6 00 ENROLL NOW ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
2 BIG FEATURES
TODAY FRI. — SAT.
SUclt Aces
—■PLUSUNIVERSAL NEWS
Many improve ments make this remarkable tool safe, more rigid and more convenient than ever before Both wheels completely enclosed Lower guide con trols at front of table enable op erator to make final adiustments aafely while ma chine is running New heavyduty trunnions spaced far apart make for utmost rigidity of table (patented) Many other reftnements See this tool for yourself
The very last word m sanding machines It’s a beauty 1 Numerous new features includ ing complete ball bearing equipment with all ball bearings “double sealed ’ and lubricated far life of bearing full 6-inch width of sanding surface Operates in both vertical and horizontal positions Come in today and see it in action I
“Little Girmy Jump-up” Wilking couldn’t decide which Delt lap to light on when riding down to I U. so she tried ’em all. More power to yuh, chum Flash’ Beta’s strong silent man Augie Mornmgstar, seen walking on the campus with (of all things) a CO-ED’ And was he embamsked, not to say mortified upon being hailed by the delighted brothers Ah ha’ so it has come to this’ Jean Whitney was forced to call the Sig house last week-end to locate her guest — how about it, Clark Langworthy ? It IS lumored that Bill Robson of New York is keeping his phone numbei a secret from the use of a girl from Monon Anyone wanting to get in touch with Bill please call 2812 Old dope, nut still good—Ask Joe Rayle to tell the tale of the broken date and the trip to Wisconsin Do we smell a member of the piscatorial specie's ’ Of all sad words of tongue oi pen. Saddest are these, “it mlgh^t have been ” quotes Sigma Nu Dick Jarvis—and it would have been such a swell celebration, too—It seems that some time after the Game, souse Jarvis’ condition alarmed the more delicate constitutions of the Sigma Nus of down thar and they decided to take steps Accordingly he had a nice quiet celebiation all by himself Sat urday night in the Sig Nu dorm Gimlet initiation the other night
STARTS TODAY Gala Double Thanksgiving Treat! THEY’RE NUTS TO YOU' In this headon story of romance on the run giving you this week’s share of laughs all in one big bunch'
IT’S FIRST RUN —PLUS— THE LOCKED DOOR with Barbara Stanwyck Rod LaRocque Zasu Pitts
Also Mickey Mouse
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Thursday, November 25# 1937
By Lickty
I
“I used to be my husband’s^ secretary, so he knows better than to pull that old gag about working late at the office ”
must have run true to “form,’'^ Anyhow Dick Obenchain, for one, was forced to take his Wednesday a m exam jin foot
If you v ish some choice scandal watch foi tne prevue of “candid
camera” shots taken on the Chemical trip, which are to be posted in Heavilon Hall
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
SPER6 HARDWARE 822 Main Phone 2777
*1Tfaii^dy. Nbveinber 25,19^7
Pt)ffi>U£ gXKDiiOSNT
Prominent Divers To Take Part In Big Water Carnival Barbara C6ok, former National Junior diving champion will reign over Purdue’s first water carniyal to be held in the Olympic sized pool in the new Fieldhouse on December 3 and 4. Among the many |)ersons taking part in the Dolphin-Triton Aquacade will be Claudia Eckert, former Junior Diving champion, who has also held the National Woman’s High Board tiirc. Among her achievements are rec- [ ___—f
ords for six individual events: 100 yard free style, backstroke, breast stroke medley relay, distance swim and diving. Miss Eckert has participated in events in numerous pools throughout the United States and has established many all-time swimming records. Nicholsons To Give Act Jackie Nicholson and her sister, Billie, who are members of the Lake Shore Athletic Club of Chicago are also participating in this first big water carnival. Billie, who is a Na-
tional Midget champion -in the free style event, and her sister will be featured in a water duet of their own origin. ' Many specialty numbers in swimming will be given by the Dolphin and Triton organizations, among which are an underwater swim, a gam^ of water polo, and a rubber mattress novelty. Tickets may be purchased from any member of the Dolphin or the Reamers clubs and at the Union Besk.
Johnson / Shoe Skates all sizes. Hoore & Kemple Hardware Co.
Lowell Decker is Purdue’s original hard luck player . . . one of the hardest driving and smartest defensive fullbacks that Purdue has ever had . . . Two years ago, Deck started out on the Purdue varsity only to be laid up befor^the season got under way, and without playing in a single game. —^fc— The respect which the rest of the team has for a man who came back after being seriously burned in a locicer room fire of last year, to find that his injured legs could not stand the strain of a full time assignment was fully shown on last Monday at football banquet Lowell was given o EC. E an ovation far greater than that given to any other member of the squad . . . and this was led by his teammates . . . —^fc— Lowell’s best year was in 1935, when he shared the fullback assignment with Johnnie Drake . . . These two men gave Purdue the strongest fullback position in the country. —^fc— , Lowell could smell- out plays . . . His uncanny sense of detecting plays and breaking them up before they started was of no use to Decker this year as he was unable to play but a few minutes during the entire season . . . But it did help the Boilermakers as “Deck” served as a backfield coach and did much to transfer his defensive ability to the men who could play.
Don Powe'll is another man finishing his third year on the Purdue varsity ... He came to fill in a position which Purdue men have made famous ... Paul Moss, Butch Loebs, and Howard Guirl. .. Don is not only taking an extensive course in football, but also, like the offensive end, Jim Zachary, is taking a course in Engineepng. —^fc— Don Powell lives at the Belii Manse where such football stars as Winchell, Morningstar, Moose Krause, Shackleton hang out . . . And one of his proudest accomplisments is the fact that he has played on the Beta class “B” inter- ^ ..'fraternity basket- - ^'ball championship team for the past three years. —^fc— A leg injury kept Powell on the sidelines during the early part of the season ... In fact Don did not dress for the Northwestern game but sat in the press box and phoned his impressions of the plays as he saw them from his point of vantage down to the field where the coaches used this information in their plan of attack. —fc— Don calls Fort Wayne home . . . He is a Gimlet . . . We consider him as Purdue’s best defensive end, and not only does he excell in this department of the game but he does an excellent job in receiving passes ... On an end around play this year Don amazed everybody by dodging and squirming for about 15 or 20 yards as skillfully as a halfback.
Today, when you think of home—why not enjoy the day in the Union where a friendly and home-like atmosphere prevails. Then you will agree that you have something to be proud of and thankful for, not only on Thanksgiving but every day of the year. JhsL fijuAdujL TyUmufiioL lAmm. Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Women’s Athletics
Sports which are being offered for the winter were discussed yesterday afternoon at a meeting of the WAA intramural board, consisting of representatives from sororities, wards, and Pedalion. Next week volley ball, ping-pong, shuffleboard, and deck tennis activities wil Istart. There will be a call-out for all interested in these sports November 30. The first volley ball practice will be held November 29, before the regular game is to be played. i Miss Brady wishes all who would like to participate or any new groups which wish to form to notify her before this practice.
Six Houses Remain In Inferfrafernily Touchbail Contest Before the touchbail trophy can be awarded, there are six fraternities which must compete for the championship: Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Chi; Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Tau; and Theta Chi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. These games will be played Monday. Sigma Phi Epsilon, Kappa Sigma and Triangle fraternities remained in the interfraternity bowling tournament which was held Tuesday night. These three'teams will hold their semi-finals December 1. Alley manager Stuckey will draw to determine which of the three winners will draw the bye in the semi-finals round.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
»the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phtme 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119;/* Vine West Lafayette I Phone 4965 ! —Dine —
diucbfiL,
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh - Road
— Shoe Repair
" ""T"
BOSSUNG
Shoe Repair Shop
in the
VARSITY BOOT SHOP
— Locksmith — “C’CARTER (or Kars — Lnclu — Genwral R»yalfiaa Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks Open Eveniosa Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service our ' apecialty. L. C. M. Door Closer Distribaton 209-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828 \
'Printing —
P
iRINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
^OWce SUiioneiy, Weddins InviUttoni
PHONE ” W*.Book..Ete. 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
— Confectionery Try Som^ of Our x Home Made Ice Creqm and Condy Glotz's Confectionery M«dn and Sixth Sts.
—Taxi Service — The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of city 5023-—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO. — Jewelry'^--— R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. G. EISEIVBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it welL Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office — Florist —- Dorner’s Flawer Shop Quality Flovoera
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Meat exelttsiTc assortment of eor■agea ayailabla to Fbrdaa Stadeata. 527 Main / Phone 54S2 dioih 3>IoJdiJt Inc. 8S5 Main St. in Lana neatra Bnilding Phone 7955—SOSO — Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. OENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727 Barbara— MODEL BAITER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street LafiyOtte “THREE GOOD BARBERS" —Auto Rental-—^
ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR Drive It Yourself Systmn Phone 6455 3|i N. 4th St.1^1.
THE PUBDHE EXPONENT
Thursday. November 25.1937
PEW Dance Instructor To
Give Illustrated Lecture
Miss Helen Knight, modem dance teacher of the physical education department, will speak before the Normal College of the Ameiican Gymnastics Union at Indianapolis tomorrow morning. The group before which Miss Kmght will speak is one of the oldest school” of physical education in the United States, and is now affiliated with Indiana Univeisity Miss Knight will speak to an audience of both alumnae and students She will illustrate hei talk on the “Modern Dance in Education” with
Buxion On Music Room Bill
Frances Buxton, local violinist, wnll be heard in the Sunday afteinoon Music Room piogiam Novembei 28 at 4 p m Mis C H Smalley, well-known piano teachei and accompanist of the community, will play the accompamment to Miss Buxton’s recital
PRACTICE BASKETBALL
Friday, November 26
COURT 1—Lupeai, lefeiee
7 00—Waid 7 vs Waid 2
7 15—Wald 2X vs. Waid 3
8 25—Waid 8 vs Ward 9
8 40—Ward 10 vs Waid 5
COURT 2— Igney, leferee
7 00—Waid 6 vs Cary Hall 1 E 7 15—^Ward 11 vs Waid 14 8 25—Ward 17 vs Cary Hall 4 8 40—Waid 1 vs Ward 12 COURT 3—Peisonnett, referee
7 00—Waid IIB vs Cary Hall 6 E
7 15—Caiy Hall 5 vs Ward 12X 8 25—Waid 11A vs Ward 13 8 40—Waid IIX vs Ward 17X
N
E. G. Rofrhenberger, Ag 36 Accepts Hew Position E G Rdthenbergei, of Frankfoit, a ’36 University giaduate specializing in agricultural chemistiy has resigned from his piese it work to accept a position as cnemist with Lever Brothers Co, of Hammond, manufactuiers of soaps and vegetable oils, Di. H. R Kraybill, head of the department of agiicultural chemistiy, announced yesteiday
DANCE “on, oiN
9f
Feel light-footed in dainty evening slippers that are comfortable!
High or Flat Heels
Gold or Silver Black and Gold White and Silver White Faille
WE TINT YOUR SHOES TO MATCH ANY COLOR, FREE
WRH To Entertain
With Formal Dance On Saturday Night
Formal decoration in black and white sophistication will be the background of the gaiety at the Women's Residence Hall formal dinnei dance this Satui day evening. Bud Bryant’s orchestra will play for the dancers in the South Hall from 9 until 1 o’clock The occasion will be climaxed with dinner, served buffet style, between 11 and 1 o’clock Louise Schicklei, piesident of the south hall, announced the arrangements for the affair are under the diiection of Lois Randolph, chairman of the decoration committee; and Rosemaiy Fell and Ruth Randall, social chairmen Guest List The guest list includes President and Mrs. Edwaid C Elliott, Dean Dorothy C Stratton, Dean Maiy L Matthews, Mr and Mrs R B Stewait, Di Harriet E O’Shea, Miss Clare A Coolidge, Miss Helen W Hazleton, Mr G 0 Arbuckle, Dean and Mrs M L Fishei, Miss Ruth Houghton, Ml and Mrs W A Bodden, Mr. and Mrs. C L Kaufman, and Ml and Mrs L M Vallely Twenty activity and soi ority leadeis and foimer officeis of the Women’s Residence Hall aie to be spe cial guests on this occasion
Dr.H.M.JamesWillTulkAt
National Physics Meeting
“Quadiuple Rotation—Vibiation Spectrum of Hydiogen” will be the subject of the papei which Dr H M James of the University physics depaitment will piesent to the American Physical Society at their meeting Novembei 26 and 27 in Chicago, 111 Professoi s James, K Lark-Horo-vitz, W J Henderson, and a^ group of instiuctois of the physics depart ment are leaving this afternoon to attend the meeting
CHILDREN’S DANCING CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, NOV. 27 Ballet and Tap Classes ENROLL NOW ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Varsify Holds First Fieldhouse Practice
Last night marked the first practice session for the varsity basketball team in the new Fieldhouse although practice has beefn under way the old Gymnasium for some time The complete transfer from the old men’s gym to the Fieldhouse will be completed this week-end The ticket office, the intiamural office, and the administrative offices of the various athletic coaches have already moved. The telephone numbers of the first two, 4456 and 2875 remain the same, but the admimstrative number has been changed to 3076
Fieldhouse Basketball
Courts Available Today
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Mam street.
FOR RENT — Student double room Front, single beds, private entrance. 127 Sylvia street
WANTED—Roommate for Ag student. Near Ag campus. Single beds 21 University street.
Notices
Mo Notices Accepted After S p.M.
Basketball courts in the new Fieldhouse will be available for use this afternoon between 1 30 and 5 00 p m Campus rivals may, by notifying the intiamural office, sign up foi definite hours, and play off old scoies Several badminton courts have been set up and will be available during the day foi infoimal play W B Billings will teach students inteiested in the game eveiy afternoon, fiom foUi to five, at the west end of the main gym flooi Rackets and buds aie supplied by the de pai tment
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Conditional Students Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 81 and ME 61 will be given December 4 at 1 p m m room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27 —MESSERSMITH
CE 6 and CE 10 (Camp). Examinations for the removal of conditions will be held in CE 101 December 4 at 1 p m Get permits in CE 102 before December 1 —TODD
Hydraulics (C E 41): An examination for the removal of C grades will be given in Room 208, Civil Engineering Building, on November 27th, from 1 to 4 p m Students who intend to take the examination should notify the undersigned prior to November 26. —GREVE
Co eds Shuffle Board and Ping Pong call-outs November 30 at 4 00 p m in the Women s Gym Sign up on the bulletin board Everyone interested please come —BLANK
Alpha Phi Omega Important business meeting in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p m November 26 All members aie requested to be pitsent —MOORE
Students’ Bible Class: Meeting m room B of Union Building November 25, from 7 to 8 p m Reverend AlnsUe will discuss the subject ‘ Creation vs Evolution ” All students are cordially invited —BURBRINK
Union Sophomores All men interested in ushering at the Thanksgiving Union Shows November 26 meet in the Union office at 4pm November 24 for a short meet--Imatthews
Purdue Engineer All salesmen finish canvassing and turn in cards, money and receipts by November 26 —HAMMER. .
Ward Basketball. Boys living on Marstellar Sheetz and Wood streets wishing to play ward basketball this semester call 41051 November 26 after 6pm —LMPEIAR
Prom and Gala Week Petition^: All petitions must be turned m to Senate office room A in the Union, between 4 and 5pm, not later than November 30 Earlier if possible —ROHYANS
Roger Williams Club Players: All those interested in tryouts for the Christmas play report to the church at 7 30 p m On November 26 —REVEAL
Union Workers All Union workers of all committees must report to Union office November 26 at sch^uled time or as soon after 9 as possible —UNION BOARD
Cosmopolitan Club * Important business meeting Friday November 26 in room A of Union at 7 16 p m Members please try to pay dues at this time —CARACCIOLO
Union Workers Pony Chorus make-up and costume workers meet in Union office Novembei 26 at 12 30 and 6 30 —EASTBURN
Sophomore Union Workers All sophomore Union workers who are able to work No vember 26 report to Union office at 9 am 12 46 p m or 6 p m Very important —UNION BOARD
Purdue Student Alliance * All members interested in basketball please attend practice at Men s Gym November 26 at 10 a. m —STEINBACH
Plying Club Please meet at the airport at 2 30 November 28 Debns pictures will taken at that time Those having no trans portation meet at the East door of Union 2 15 —CONWAY
Wesley Foundation Roller skating party Saturday afternoon November 27 at 2 p m Meet at Foundation House Please sign up —HURD
Get the benefit of this extra Clothes Proteetion
All wool garments eleaned by Crown receive the protection of MONITE moth-proofing in the same operation.
There is no extra charge for this service and the only place you can get it is at
mw
FINE
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
LUCIEN LELONC
# A madcap fragrance that sets your step to the cadence of laughter • •. hurries you off to temptations you do not wish to resist! Delightfblly, mischievously, wilfiilly Impromptu! In a ^orious flacon of etdbed crystal, and a gold-emblazoned package.
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 6477