1
Trustees Will Receive Bids For GhE Bldg.
University trustees will convene at a special meeting August 19 to take formal and final action for accepting PWA grants on campus construction and to receive bids on the excavation and footing of the new Chemical Engineering Building.
Start Union Project Soon First work on the million dollar addition to the Memorial Union Building will start before the end of September, Controller R. B. Stewart said yesterday. His conference with PWA officials in Chicago last week paved the way to divide construction of the addition into separate units and thus to begin work almost immediately. In order to relieve crowdedness of prese^^main and second floors of the Union, the first project on the addition will include development of the existing sub-basement and the construction of an extension to it parallel to Grant Street and toward State Street.
Open Sub-basement Work on this section of the Union will provide an outside entrance to the sub-basement and open it to student activity use. Proper ventilation and lighting facilities will be installed so that offices of some organization can be transferred there from upstairs. The southern extension of the sub-basement will house 10 new bowling alleys. Contract for building the new Women’s Residence Hall unit will be let about the middle to 20th of September, Controlled Stewart announced. According to present ‘ plans, Union sub-basement construction will get underway at the same time, possibly a week later. Music Hall Offer Comes Formal PWA offer of $504,000 for erecting a music auditorium came to the University last weekend. The statement sets the deadline for beginning construction on the auditorium at October 26, two days after the final date for starting the Union addition. Latest time for opening one of the five University PWA building projects is placed on the two men’s residence hall sections—November 10.
Carr To Sail For New Zealand Soon
Dr. R. H. Carr, of the ag chemistry department, will leave today for San Francisco where he will sail August 1 for New Zealand. From New Zealand Dr. Carr will go to Australia where he will study soil problems and give a series lectures on American soil.
Dr. Carr has been granted a year’s leave of absence by the University.
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY August 11, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana
VOL. 2 NO. 11
SUMMER SESSION ISSUE
ESTABLISHED 1889
Triangle, Pi Phi Win First Places On Scholarship List
Marty Schreyer Weds Jo Perkins
The trustees will probably award contracts for construction of that building on the same day.
Comparatim scholastic standings achieved by social and honorary fraternitl^ and clubs released by the Dean of Men’s office yesterday show that Triangle fraternity, Pi Beta Phi sorority, Tau Beta Pi engineering honorary, Chauncey House, and Ann Tweedale Co-op House won" first place honors in their respective - groups.
Purdue Building Is/Redecorated For State Fair
Newly redecorated and remodeled is the Purdue Building which will house the University’s many exhibits at the Indiana State Pair September 3 to 9. Nearly one-half mile of table and wall exhibits wifi be containing in this building. Prof. G. M. Frier, of the agricultural extension department, is in charge of Purdue’s exhibits. He and his staff have been busy for weeks preparing the 21 agricultural displays which cover more than 21 acres.
Highest ranking organization of all was Tau Beta Pi, national allengineering honorary, whose members had an average scholastic index of 5.26. Second was chemical engineering honorary Phi Lambda Upsilon with a 5.10 index. Average index of all University students was 3.82, while all men showed 3.79, and all women students 3.96. Fraternity men averaged 3.82, non-fraternity men 3.77. Sorority women beat unorganized co-eds 4.05 to 3.93. Indices of fraternities and sororities reported on are shown below, with the organizations under such classifications listed according to group rank.
Houseflies Buzz Mechanical houseflies are models in one exhibit the purpose of which IS to show methods of controlling flies and roaches. These mechanical flies will buzz about the buildings of a miniature farm scene to show how flies commonly carry disease germs from the outbuildings to the home.
Another exhibit will show noxious weeds and vj'll be attended by specialists who will identify weeds for farmers and instruct them in the control of these plants. More noxious specimens have been added this year to the already long list of the farmers’ enemies.
Home Ec. Exhibit
Centered around the title theme, “Homemade Kitchen Conveniences Save Time, Money, and Energy,” Purdue’s Home Ec. exhibit will illustrate what the handy man or son of the household can do to remodel cupboards, by making new shelves, by adding broom racks, etc. A plant disease exhibit will deal with the problems of com seedling rot diseases and com culling. A full-sized Minnesota seed grain tester will be part of the exhibit.
Social Fraternities Triangle 4.24, Acacia 4.17, Alpha Gamma Rho 4.17, Phi Kappa Phi 4.07, Phi Sigma Kappa 4.05, Theta Tau 4.03, Theta Xi 4.03, Phi Gamma Delta 4.03, Sigma Alpha Mu 3.91, Alpha Kappa Lambda 3.91, Delta Tau Delta 3.90, Kappa Delta Rho 3.90, Phi Delta Theta 3.89, Beta Sigma Psi 3.87, Phi Pi Phi 3.87, Sigma Chi 3.84, Alpha Tau Omega 3.83, Alpha Chi Rho 3.83. Kappa Sigma 3.82, Sigma Nu 3.82, Phi Kappa Tau 3.80, Theta Chi 3.78, Pi Kappa Alpha 3.77, Sigma Alpha Epsilon 3.75, Phi Kappa Sigma 3.75, Lambda Chi Alpha 3.72, Sigma Phi Epsilo 3.68, Tau Kappa Epsilon 3.65, Beta Theta Pi 3.62, Delta Upsilon 3.61, Tau Epsilon Phi 3.61, Phi Kappa Psi 3.56, Sigma Pi 3.50, Delta Chi 3.46, Phi Kappa 3.45.
Social Sororities Pi Beta Phi 4.34, Chi Omega 4.15, Kappa Alpha Theta 4.12, Phi Mu 3.99, Kappa Kappa Gamma 3.95, Alpha Chi Omega 3.92, Alpha Xi Delta 3.80.
Dr. H. G. Byers Visits Here Over Week-End
Elsie Glasgow Gets County Agent Post
Miss Elsie Glasgow, for two and one-half years a home demonstration agent in Morgan county, has been appointed assistant state home demonstration agent leader, according to an announcement made by Miss Leila Gaddis, state leader, who is located at the University.
Dr. Horace G. Byers, in charge of the division of soil physics and chemistry for the U. S. Department of Agriculture and visiting professor at the University of Chicago this summer, was\a visitor at the University Saturday and Sunday, ; He brought his class of 18 gradijate students, two of which were former Purdue students, to inspect the work being done by Tom Bushnell in soil survey work. Sunday morning the group was shown soil profiles in areas near Logansport under the direction of Bushnell.
1938 Finals Are Library 'Best Sellers*
By The Roving Reporter “Final Examinations for Second Semester 1938 Are Available at This Desk.” Thus reads a new sign at the loan desk on the second floor of the University Library ... a sign that indicates the University’s action in complying with student request that copies of finals be made available for study purposes. “I’d like to“ have a EE 19 final,” one engineer said last night as he approached the desk. Goes To Stacks The attendant walked back into the Library stacks and returned immediately with several mimeographed sheets clipped together. The engineer filled out a checkout card, picked up the leaflet, and started toward the reading room to study. “Say, this is a EE 5 final,” he asserted, turning back to the desk.
“The EE 19 examination is there, too,” remarked the attendant. “Copies of finals in related courses are bound together in some instances.”
Not For Overnight Use The engineer made his way to the reading room to make the most of the 20 minutes remaining before 8 o’clock. For at 8 o’clock all copies of the examination must be returned to the loan desk. They may be used only in the building, may not be taken out overnight. “Are many students making use of the examination files?” we asked the desk attendant. “Sure. A lot of them,” he replied. “And the number is increasing as finals get nearer. They certainly seem to think there’s a lot in them.” "Points Out Stack He pointed to a stack of the mim-
eographed exam duplicates on a shelf behind him. “There’s the ones that have been checked out today.” We inquired what finals were most in demand. “Chemistry and math exams are the ones I go after most often,” he answered. Concern about use of the files was noticeable in various campus classrooms yesterday, as instructors urged their students to take advantage of these studying facilities. In fact. Prof. C. T. Hazard, over in the niath department, seemed more than concerned. “The faculty went to a lot of trouble last spring to get the final examinations ready for the Librai*y files,” he stated. “And if you students don’t make good use of them, I, for one, am going to recommend that the files be discontinued.”
Wedding ceremonies in St. Mary’s Catholic Church Tuesday morning at 8 o’clock united Marty A. Schreyer, Sc. ’38, Purdue varsity tackle, who was recently elected by popular vote to a place on the All-Star football team, and Josephine Balfe Perkins, HE ’36, who was formerly co-ed advertising manager of the Exponent. Best man at the wedding was Tony Juska, varsity fullback, while the bride’s sister, Bessie Perkins, served as the maid of honor, Frank Bykowski and Joseph Fitzgerald were the ushers. The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Perkins, of Lafayette, while the groom is the son of Mr, and Mrs. Martin Schreyer, of South Bend. The Rev. Michael Andrew Chapman officiated at the ceremony. Wedding Breakfast Following the wedding a breakfast was served at the Fowler Hotel for the family and out-of-town guests. The bride and groom will honeymoon in the north until tomorrow, when Schreyer will report H Evanston, 111., for practice for the All-Star game. After the middle of September, Mr. and Mrs. Schreyer will make Monessen, Pa., their home since Marty has a position with Pittsburgh Steel in that city. Schreyer is a member of Delta Upsilon fraternity, while his bride belongs to Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority.
Orientation Begins Sept. 10; Applications Indicate A Larger Total Enrollment
With the expectancy of a larger total enrollment and a freshman enrollment approximately equal to last year, the 1938-39 University school year will get underway Saturday, September 10, as prospective freshmen begin their orientation period. According to figures compiled last Saturday, 1470 applications for entrance have been received from prospective freshmen. Last year at the same time the figure was 1482.
Orientation begins Saturday morning at 7:45 in the Fieldhouse with group singing followed by a g^eting b^ Pres. E. C. Elliott. Later the Deans of Men and Women and the Registrar will be introduced. Dr. H. H. Remmers, director of the educational reference department, will then explain the orientation tests.
Orientation Is 15 Year Custom Started here 15 years ago, these
orientation tests are designed to
bridge the gap between high school and college and to help the newcomers get adjusted more quickly to University schedules and life. Special tests in psychology, English, and mathematics will take up most of that first day, and physical exams start the following Monday for all new students. A mixer will be given for new students Saturday night, and special services will be ^held in the local churches Sunday for the freshmen.
WJ. Gillibn Dies Of Heart Attack
Registration begins for upperclassmen Monday, September 12, and continues^rough Wednesday. Freshmen will register on the 14th, the first semester classes will start on the 15th.
W. J. Gillilan, CE ’09, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., i^hp^or many years has been active in University alumni
circles, died Sunday at the home of his mother, Mrs. Dora Kirkpatrick, of a heart attack. News of his death comes from his mother’s residence in Thornton. For ten years Gillilan had been an invalid but he had continued to conduct the coal business of which he was the head, using an automobile trailer for his travelling about the country and also as his field office. He is survived by his widow and his son, W. J. Gillilan, Jr., who will be a senior in the University next year, and who served on the Exponent business staff for three years. The body was taken to Pittsburgh for funeral services which were held Tuesday. Both the deceased man and his son belonged to Delta Tau Delta social fraternity.
Frosh Will Attend Camp In addition to taking part in the orientation period, a number of first year students will attend the freshman camp to be held at Camp Tecumseh on the Tippecanoe River starting September 5 and continuing through the 9th. Reservations for this camp, which is planned by the Purdue Religious Council to help introduce new students to the reiigious life of the University, may be made with Dean of Men M. L. Fisher.
Fire School Date Is Advanced
Publication Dates
This is the last issue of the 1938 Summer Exponent. Publication will resume in the fall with the Qrst issue on Saturday, September 10.
• The Bigger • The Better University Daily Next Year the Purdue Exponent Subscriptions On Sale Starting ' August 29
C C C Officials Arrive For 4 Day Camp Conference
Approximately 50 CCC drainage camp superintendents, engineers, camp commanders, and educational advisors arrived here yesterday morning for the opening session of the third annual four-day Drainage Camp Conference, held througb the co-operation of the U. S. Bureau of Agricultural Engineering and the CCC Education and Welfare Department.
The group, representing six Indiana drainage camps and two Kentucky camps, heard an address by Capt. E. T. Hayes, who appeared for Brigadier General William K. Naylor, in charge of the fifth corps Army Area with general headquarters at Columbus, O. He was followed on the morning program by John G. Sutton, engineer for the district of several mid-western states with offices at Milwaukee, Wise. Robert G. Correll, district educational advisor with headquarters at Ft. Benjamin Harrison, Indianapolis. The annual banquet was held last night with T. A. Coleman, acting director of the Agricultural Extension Service, Purdue, giving the address of welcome. Other short talks have been scheduled, and the conference will come to a close Saturday morning.
Alumnus Reprints Kizer Interview
October 18, 19 and 20 instead of the dates previously announced, October 24 to 26, will be the days during which the 1938 Indiana Fire School is to be held, according to the University Engineering Extension Department and the State Fire Marshall’s Department. Problems of industrial fire departments will occupy one day of the Fire School, while the ^maining two day^ will be devoted to problems of paid and volunteer fire departments of Indiana.
Sketches of Purdue Hall and Heavilon Hall adorn the old gold and black cover of the new JuneJuly Alumnus distributed this week. Stories of Purdue's 1938 commencement exercises and articles covering University sports activities are the highlights of the issue. Of special interest is a reprinted sports column written by Bravea Dyer, of the Los Angeles Times which tells the s^ory of an I interview with Nobe Ki^er. In the iiiterview Kizer tells* stories about his experiences as a football player at Notre Dame and as a coach at Purdue. The fact is emphasized that Kizer will return to Ihirdue this fall to act as Athletic Director.
Foundrymen Will Meet Here Oct. 27^ 28, 29
Foundrymen of mid-western states will meet at the University October 27, 28 and 29, under the auspices of the Chicago Chapter of the American Foundryman’s Association.
Technical phases of foundry management will engage the interest of the foundrymen, with specialists in the various fields taking part in the program. Ail activities planned for the foundrymen will take place in the Memorial Union Building or in Michael Golden Shops, which houses the Purdue foundry for student training purposes. H. W. Johnson, of the Greenlee Foundry Company at Chicago, is chairman of the general committee in charge of the event.EDITORIAL
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
HUMOR
Thursday, August 11, 1938
# : Mf'
Favorable Business... . , . reports dnrinp' the last several days indicate that the upturn in economic activity long'-awaited by the entire nation and itredicted by experts to come in August or Se])tember may actually have arrived. At the University personnel bureau. Assistant Jim Davis says several requests for Purdue men to take places in industry have come to his office •during the past week. These letters, in general, remark favorably about improved and improving business conditions. Consider, for instance, the lead sent'ence in one letter asking for infonnation on engineering graduates. It reads: “Due to some encouraging signs of business improvement, we have decided to adtl several graduate engineers to our organization on our api^rentice plan. “ From the Indiana State Employment Service, at Indiana]iolis. wltieli works in cooperation with the Bureau of Labor Statistics, AVashington, D. C.. is sent other optimistic news concerning industrial trends, ,La.st .week-end this office made the following comments: “ Encouraging recovery signs are shown in employment and pay roll figures reported by Indiana iron and steel industries . . . these reports indicate contra-seasonal increases of 0.5 per cent in employment and 3.0 per cent in pay rolls. “Further substantiation for improvement is seen in rejmrts on the operations of the steel mills for the country as a ivliole. For the week of July 5. operations were reported at 22.4 per cent of capacity, ivlule for the week ending July 30, there had been an increase to 39.8 per cent of capacity, which was the highest productive week since November 8, 1937, Avhen the rate was 41 per cent. ” Especialli' encouraging are these statements to ■ University students graduating this August, and to those of last June who have not yet obtained employment. Perhaps the future is not so dark ' as they had been apprehending.
PURDUE EXPONENT
MEMBBA ' I9^ocia^^€!blt«0tate ■ .. towiaolg MUXSOM WtCONSM Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Qongress of March 8, 1^79, and the special rate of pnstagS'pi-ovided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Summer mail subscription $0.60.
Editor-In-Chief
Business Manager
H. I. Stanback
R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Assistant Editor! P. Manion Associate Editors R. J., Packard, Helen Walters , ■ Georgann Schilling, W. R. Smith
BUSINESS STAFF Circulation Manager- , —- 'Accounts Manager — SPORTS STAFF Sports Editor ;—— Associate Editor —
W. F. Berg -W. E. Smith
_D. A, Bailey R. Jenkins
OFFICES Editorial Office—Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Indiana. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent editorial office. Business Office—Room F, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Indiana. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent business office. .
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. e
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTtSINO BY Nat§QsiaiM¥ertisi9igServiceJnc. Collest Publishers Retiresentative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CNicAoo - Boston - Los AHgelbb - san Francisco
But one senior yesterday heard the above reports with the comment, “That’s too bad. It looks now as if I’m going to have to start to work after all. ”
Millers Will Meet Here On Sept. 10 Arrangements have been completed for the fall meeting of the Operative Millers Association, which will be held at. the University Sept. 10, at was announced here today. Approximately 75 millers, oper- , atOrs, cereal technologists, and others are expected to attend this meet along with staff members of
the agronomy; agricultural chemistry, and botany departments. Exhibits will be made by the various University departments, showing wheat and wheat i^roducts to illustrate differences m varieties more particularly with respect to quality and disease resistance. The
1938 wheat crop will be one of the main features for discussion on the program. Discussion will be led by Dr. E. G. Bayfield, cereal technologist in charge of the Federal Soft Wheat Laboratory, Wooster, Ohio. At the noon luncheon. Acting Director H. J. Reed
HEAR YE, HEAR last lines of publicity for ye summer school kiMdies. Imagine next week—endless hours of sleep and. plaj'—Oh, life, where is thy sting! 'Finals, finals everywhere, With drops and drops of ink; And never a prof who’ll leave the room, And allow a guy to think. ■ 0.— And have you seen the pretty football pictures on the posters for this fall ? The boys greatly resemble',a chorus-girl’s dream-man. Take two, they’re small! OVERHEARD: “You can lead a fraternity man to water, but why dissappoint him?” Bill Bradley found himself the center of attraction the other night when he was forced to return from a party minus his shirt and trousers. He removed above mentioned articles of attire at a stag beer party and never recovered them. The homeward journey was made semi a-la-nude. A girl who is bespectacled ’ . ■ Don’t even get her neck tickled; But safety pins and bassinets. Await the girl who fascinets. —^Swiped from the Masters. Was Muriel Colip wearing a wedding ring when she returned to the campus last week ? ’Tis rumored that her bit of scrolled jewelry reeked of matrimony, but no definite news has been obtained. We Wonder. —0— Dear Pop, Went out on a blow. Am now out of dough. Had a good time, But ain’t got a dime. So send some mon To your only Son. Dear Son, I got your pome.
— TODAY - FRI. - SAT. — Blasting a dynamite mob skyhigh I
A COLUMBIA PICTURE —- plus ---
Youtie FUGITIVES
A New Universal Picture with Dorothea Kent Robert Wilcox
"^M-VACVMATIC-r^^ GUARANTEED MECHANICAUY PERFECT See Our New Assortment DECKER’S 518-520 Main
.. womh's
— BRIGHTEST STREET TAKESi THE WORLD'S BRIGHTEST STAR TO IT'S HEART. . IT'S A NEW WORLD OF ROMANCE LAUGHTER t' SONG FOR SHIRLEY AND FOR YOU //*.,
LiniE MISS ^ BROADWAY
GEORGE MURPHY JIMMY DURANTE PHYLLIS BROOKS EDNA MAE OLIVER Georoe Borbior Edward Ellis Donold Meek Potricio Wilder JoneDorweU El Brendel Cloude Gillmgwoter, 5r.
5 DAYS Starting ATURDAY
MARS
and
Also Short
TUBS.-WED.
HE WAS DYNAMITE TO CULPRITS!
Also Tim Tyler’s Luck
Cool, Ozonized Air NEW M AIR
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE YOU’LL GET FOOTLIGHT FEVER!
Plus — Octavus Roy Cohen’s Thrilling Tale of. Revenge BEHIND PRISON BARS With FRANK MORGAN KAY LINAKER -MIDNIGHT
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkbly
Copr, 18S8 Ey Dn««d FeateA ‘ ‘ My stars! Go rig’ht into the emergency ward, Madam. ’ ’
I like your rhyme, I, too, ain’t got A single dime. If you must splurg And won’t come home, You’ll have to cash in c On your pome. Though she appears to be learned and experienced, Helen Walters gets her dates mixed„,too, now an,d then. Take last Saturday nightwhen she nearly had two Alpha Ghi Rho’s at the same time for a beach party. Luckily one didn’t show up,. so Helen went with A1 Exton, leaving Paul Worcester at home. —0— Our parting wish is— for someone to^ive Ce^ Isbell a hair cut before i^he summer ends. We thought the lad had everything, but hei sure needs a trimming. —0— Three girls, a lad, love, and bridge. What a set-up! Paula Fulnecky, Betty Hixon, and Phyllis Umfreys are struggling for the affections of John Selbig (of the New Jersey Selbigs). Bridge is the common interest—on the surface.
TODAY - FRIDAY
ya^XCCCOCCCcG'
It’s a Stampede of Singin’, a Rodeo of Romance and a Herdful of Howls!
STARTS
^Grin And Bear It*
DAILY IN
• the Purdue Exponent
Subscriptions On Sale Starting August 29
is♦
Thursday, August 11, 1938
SPORTS
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
SPORTS
Fieldhouse Will Have Three New Squash Courts Three squash courts will be constructed this summer in the Fieldhouse, according to an announcement made yesterday by M. L. Clevett. The court, which will be the first the University has had, will be put up west of the intramural basketball floor. For several years the squash team has had to use courts in Lafayette, so this move will make the courts much more conveniently situated. While there are o^y two courts in Lafayette there will be three in the Fieldhouse. Lights were placed in the proper places for the squash courts when the Fieldhouse was constructed. The work will consist of building the side walls to inclose them. The courts will be ready when the squash season opens.
University Makes Improvements In Stadium For Benefit Of Fdotball Fans
In lieu of the coming football season, the University has made several improvements in and about Ross-Ade Stadium for the benefit of football followers. Perhaps the addition of most interest - to students is the new clock, which will be installed at the south end of the Stadium, where it can easily be seen by the spectators. This clock, which will serve as official timer of all games, will be 12 feet in height, so that fans can keep track of riot only the minutes, but the seconds remaining to play. The clock is run by electricity. More Parking Space For those who drive to the games, there will be an addition to the parking area which was in use north of the stadium last season. This new area will be used by motorists coming from the north and by those who approach from
“Love Finds Andy Hardy” as Mickey Rooney and Judy Garland above demonstrate when the^e two Hollywood youngsters participate in the fourth picture in the Hardy family series, coming to the Luna Theater Sunday. An All-Star cast including Lewis Stone, Lana Turner, Cecilia Parker, and JFay Holden supports these two new screen lovers.
How To Repair Your Own Carl
FIRST—Put on your dirtiest clothes so that you can crawl under your ear. SECOND—Equip yourself with lots of good strong words as “Darn,” “Oh, Hang,” and such to use when oil falls in your ej^e or you lose a nut. THIRD—Buy yourself a complete set of wrenches. These are necessary to let the oil and dirt fall on your face. Also you better get some skin to graft on your fingers when the wrench slips. FOURTH—Be sure and get the best parts that money can buy. Anderson’s have these for you. FIFTH—Be sure that you make the moving parts fit as they are specified by the manufacturer. This usually requires special equipment, but you can use your eye for precision. SIXTH—Look to see that all wrenches are out • of the motor, and all nuts, bolts, washers, and so on, are where they should be.
Or, if this seems like too much trouble, just call Anderson’s Garage. They’ll diagnose your trouble for you, and then do a thorough jbb with the finest of precision instruments and equipment.
Peter Anderson Co. - ~ After You We Come FirsC’ 525 Alabama Phone 4048
the new by-pass on U. S. 52, and will make it considerably easier to park before the game, while the new by-pass will double the outlets of the traffic following the games. Two other important improvements have been made, one for the benefit of fans entering from the south, and the other for the press. The ramps at the south end have been resurfaced and regraded, while the press box is being glass enclosed. Summer Sports Prove Popular Summer School closes this week with the most successful record it has made in the physical education departments according to M. L. Clevett. Summer sports have proved very popular, with more persons participating than ever before in the various lines of sport. Records show that the swimming pool, perhaps the most popular individual recreation center in the Fieldhouse, was itself most popular at 5 o’clock and at the night session. The 5 o’clock period was for a mixed group, largely faculty members and their families, at which there were as many as 250 persons during the period, while the average crowd was from 75 to 100. Students and townspeople constituted the night group, with from 75 to 150 attending the hours. Most popular from the checkout point of view was the golf equipment, and some studepts even ordering basketballs in the hottest weather.
League Standings
American League
lelder’84.». ....choice —By Don Bailey ■'
u o O iz;
T? i:: % > <l> 3
o o cq
ci
2 P
o bo o IS O
A 2 p
.a 0 o p 4J CO
c e
•P o p
4^ U U «
N. Y. ___
7
7
8
12
11
6
13
63
32
.663
Cleveland
7
7
10
7
4
13
9
67
36
.613
Boston
6
8
6
9
7
7
12
55
39
.685
Wash.
3
8
4
7
10
10
10
52
60
.610
Detroit
4
4
9
10
8
10
4
49
62
.486
Chicago —
4
3
5
6
6
9
8
40
60
.444
Phila.
4
3
3
3
6
7
9
36
59
.372
St. Louis -
4
3
4
7
6
3
6
32
66
.830
Lost|32|36|39|50|52|50|59|65|
National League
•s u 0 •4J K
o 0) Jz;
o bo o !S o
43 0 0 0 *S 0 3
0 O 4J o PQ
0 2 o o p
1 1-1 CO
'S P4
6 o
1
44 0 V u «
Pitts.
9
'^1
7
9
8112
10
62
36
.633
N. Y.
6
91
6
7
lOllO
9
67
44
.664
Chicago _
3
9
9
10
s
! s
12
66
44
.560
Cin. . .
4
11
ol
9| 9
1 5
11
64
46
.640
Boston
Brook.* S. Louis Phila.*
Lost|36|44|44i46|51162^561661
1| 71 7 5 ll 4'
9l 8|46|52|.469 10 42 661.428 61 1291661.306
I
Does not include night games.
Noble E. Kizer, Purdue athletic director, who has been absent from the campus for the past year on account of illnes^, will return to the University September 1. That’s good news to all Boilermakers and sport followers. —fc— And it’s good news to baseball fans that a new deal in the National League seems more' and more a certainty as the race goes into the home stretch. For the last two seasons the Giants have won the senior circuit pennant, but they now trail Pittsburgh by six and one-half games, eight in the lost column. The Pirates are getting better pitching than any other team in the league, are tied with Cincinnati in team batting, and have the best double-play combination in the majors. Cbmbine this with the fact that the Giants have “infielditis” and can’t beat the western clubs and that the “Grimmless” Cubs are just that, and you have a pretty fair case for the Pittsburghers. —fc— Pitcher Alex Swails, of Muskogee in the Western Association, is afraid he established a couple of records the other day. You see Mr. Swails walked 32 batters in a single nine inning game. That didn’t break all of the base on balls records, however. Back in 1909, Bill Gray, of. the Washington Senators, gave free transportation to eight batters in one inning. Swails has good control. He only walked five in one inning. Speaking of pitching feats, one of the smartest plays ever pulled was made July 26, 1936, by Pitcher Ed Linke, of Washington. With a runner on second base. Hall batting, for New York, slashed a terrific liner right back to the box. The hall struck Linke on the skull and bounced into the catcher’s hands. The catcher threw to' second, doubling the runner before he could return to the base. That’s sure using your “head.” Season Ticket Sales Will "End Monday Sale of season athletic tickets ^or the 1938-39 season will close at midnight, Monday. The tickets, which are priced at $13.80, give a purchaser reserved seats at the three home football games, twelve basketball games, and admission at the baseball games and track meets. _ Two essential advantages are presented to the purchasers of these tickets. Not only will they save exactly $4.95 on tickets to football and basketball games, but they are also assured preferential seats.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
PHONE
Have The Clothes You Leave I Cleaned
And
3085 Mothproofed
For Delivery Service
An American Service For Your Protection
American Lagnclry West Lafayette Office, 132 Vine St.
Orders For Football Seats \ Pour In To Ticket Office
Returns are pouring in from persons who were mailed ticket application blanks recently. While there is an indication of a great deal of interest in the three home games against Detroit, Butler, and Indiana, the tilt with the Hoosiers is far ahead of the other two in number of orders, as usual. At this time orders for tickets to the Indiana game are considerably ahead of two years ago, when all tickets were sold three weeks before the game. The games away from home at Butler and at Ohio., State, according to present indications, will have quite a following of Boilermaker fans. The schedule, with ticket prices, for reserved seats; Sept. 24—Detroit at Pui'due, $2.00 Oct. 1—Butler at Indianapolis, $1.65 Oct. 8—Minnesota at Minneapolis, $2.75 Oct. 15—Fordham at New York, $2.75 Oct. 22—Wisconsin at Purdue, $2.75 ■ Oct. 29—Iowa at Iowa City, $2.75 Nov. 5—Ohio State at Columbus, $2.50 Nov. 12—Permanently Open Nov. 19—Indiana at Purdue, $3.00 '
IM Department Will Construct 3 Golf Greens With the acquisition of about 11 acres of ground on the north side of Stadidm Avenue opposite the intramm’al field, the intramural department, in Cooperation with W. H. Diddel, Indianapolis architect, and the Agronomy department, is planning to construct a set of golf greens and to smooth out the inner part of the ground for baseball diamonds. Diddel has donated his services in laying out three golf greens, placed on the outer edges of the plot and in the rougher parts, so as to leave as much level ground as possible for baseball diamonds. He is also p^’esenting the University stolons, and showing how to lay them out on the greens. Experimental plots are to be constructed by the two departments. These courts will probably be in use in the spring by PE students.
Fraternities Engage In Extensive Rushing Campaigns During Summer
As 1938 Purdue fraternity rushing swings -into its final month, more freshmen have received invitations to visit fraternities during rush week than in any previous year in the history of the school, Recording to Roy Frentz, manager of the Stewart Howe Alumni Serv-
ice.
“In general,” repiarked Frentz, “the average Purdue fraternity carries on a new member campaign in the following'banner. (1) All sources of rushee recommendations are cultivated, and a rushee list is ^compiled. (2) Contact is made by the rush chairman of the fraternity by mail with each of the rushees, and often personal contact is made. (3) The rushee is invited either to*stay at the fraternity house, or to visit it during the fall rush week, at which time the pledging ceremonies are performed.” During the next few weeks rush chairmen of some fraternities will take “rush trips”, traveling through Indiana and surrounding states to meet their rushees. At the present time two schools of thought exist in regard to actual
CL. Mann Wins Tennis Singles C. L. Mann won the Summer Session all-campus tennis singles tournament by defeating Blitz in the final match last week. Mann received a gold medal for his victory, while Blitz won a silver medal. Mann and Blitz, playing together in the doubles tournament, won the final match from the Martin-Vis-scher duo to annex the championship.
personal contact with the rushee before he arrives at Purdue. One of these groups holds that the rush chairman should make a rush trip, on which trip he would cover all possible cities where rushees reside, and thus make the rushee’s acquaintance before he arrives
in Lafayette.
The second school, believes that rush trips are a waste of the fraternity’s money, in that the rush chairman can never hope to meet more than a small percentage of his rushees, that the rush chairman takes advantage of the fraternity to give himself a vacation, that the rush chairman finds most of his rushees not at home when he calls. However, it was evident in 1937 that both schools of thought achieved equal results. Kappa Sigs Add Library To House Kappa Sigma fraternity this summer is constructing another room on the chapter house—a library to be called the “Boyd Room” in recognition of the Boyd Prize which the national fraternity awarded them last year. ^ This Boyd Prize is given annually to the Kappa Sigma chapter which has the best kept house and the most outstanding active membership. The libraiy room will be built by constructing walls around the south east porch to harmonize with the architecture of the rest of
the house.
The room, which is to have shelf space for over 1,000 books and is to be furnished with chairs, tables and a radio, will be finished in
knotty pine.
Collegiate Sports
DAILY IN
the Purdue Exponent
Subscriptions On Sale Starting August 29V
I?'
*£«S
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
T
NEWS Since Sunday
to make necessary a poll of corn belt growers on marketing quotas, under the new Farm Act.
^yASHINCTON Returning: . . . , . . from a three weeks’ fishing cruise in both the Pacific and Atlantic oceans, President Franklin D. Roosevelt set foot again on United States soil Tuesday at Pensacola, Fla. Yesterday his special train pulled into Warm Springs, Ga., his “second home.” The President will complete a two-day visit in Georgia today, receiving an honorary degree from the University of Georgia, at Athens, this morning and dedicating a rural electrification project at Barnesville this afternoon.
STATE POLITICS New Dealers . . . . . . controlled two out of three state senatorial primaries Tuesday when they nominated pro-Roose-velt men in Arkansas and Ohio, but were trailing behind in Idaho. Senator Robert J. Bulkley of Ohio outscored his rival Former Governor George White two to one, while in Arkansas Mrs. Hattie Carraway, only woman senator, had a 5,000 vote margin over representative John L. McClellan.
Roosevelt said he had been approving WPA projects by radio during his vacation trip, that he would survey the WPA program on return to Washington. He may stop at Greenville, S. C., on the way.
Barkley Won . . . . . . Kentucky primary elections voted last Saturday but not completely counted till last night. A 60,000 vote margin acclaimed the popularity of the Senate majority leader. Meanwhile his defeated opponent “Happy” Chandler rejuvenated a fallen grin and offered support in November elections.
The Billion Dollar . . . . . . mark in government spending for the 1938 fiscal year was passed Monday, according to Treasury reports. This spending corresponds closely with President Roosevelt’s budget summary, in which he estimated that total expenses for the year would amount to $8,985,157,600.
Crop Forecasts .. . . . . from the Department of Agriculture yesterday place 1938 corn production at 2,566,221,00 bushels, wheat harvest at 955,989,000 bushels. Both estimates are slightly below actual figures for last year. The corn crop prediction appear
NATIONAL Assassins Shot Czar . . . . . . James Dungan, business agent of the Chicago Painters’ Union, local 191, Monday night in front of his home in that city. This second time in four years that gangland guns spat bullets toward him was fatal to the union agent. Inquiries yesterday showed that the union’s finances were scrambled and indicated that a shortage of $10,000 might be the cause for the killing.
Heroism . . . r . . of a volunteer fireman and a nurse hired only one day before saved the life of Mr. and Mrs. William Adee’s infant son Tuesday
L
Humor
DAILY IN
• the Purdue Exponent
Subscriptions On Sale Starting August 29
• the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
* Bookstores
* Professional
‘DEAC” Everjrtlimg for a College Education H. 6. REISNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine, W. Lafayette Phone 4965
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
* Locksmith
“C” CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
^ Dine
• Jeweler
Have Your BEST MEAL at the NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia
LYLE E. FISHER WATOHMARER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
when fire destroyed their Harriman, N. Y., home and burned both parents to death. The nurse, Lillian Henion, jumped from a second story window holding in her arms the baby. Fireman Anthony Less broke their fall—and his arm.
Mrs. Walter P. Chrysler . . . . . . wife of the motor car manufacturer died of cerebral hemorrhage Monday at her home in Great Neck, New York. She was stricken earlier in the day, placed in an iron lung, cared for by doctors and nurses, but died in the presence of the family.
Relief From Heat. . . . . . was due last night according to national weather prophets. The thunderstorm which broke about 9 p. m. is expected to bring cool weather to replace the heat which has boiled thermometers over the 90 mark for five consecutive days.
FOREIGN Russia ... . . . will buy $40,000,000 worth of
goods from the United States during the coming year officials in Moscow announced Monday. This i^ a renewal of a trade agreement between the two countries. The United States will give the “most favored nation” treatment to Soviet commerce.
Terrorism . . . . . . continues to sweep the Holy Land despite protests from British officials in Jerusalem. Two people were killed Monday when a bomb exploded near the Jaffa-Tel-Aviv boundary.
British and French . . . . . . premiers ended their vacations abruptly Tuesday to view the arising problem in the Orient. Neville Chamberlain returned to London from, Scotland to consider mediation in the Russian-Japanese border conflict.
WAR
Soviet Artillery . , . t . . . threw six inch projectiles at the Japanese at the rate of six a minute at the entire four mile Nipponese front early this week. Observers said the Russians scored hundreds of direct hits. The Japanese claim the Russians are marshalling huge numbers of troops on the Manchukoan boundary. Maxim LitvinofF, Soviet commissar of foreign affairs, said Russia would cease artillery fire from Manchurian points within a fixed time if the Japanese would guarantee the same. Japan wants to end the fighting and to appoint a commission to decide the proper border, so reports from Tokyo say. Chinese Forces .. . . . . continue to repulse the Japs in the Yangtze River valley. The Chinese are employing guerrilla warfare to good advantage. A Chinese communique admitted the Japanese warships were moving up the Yangtze, however. The Japanese are now able to get re-inforcements into Hankow as the flood waters have subsided. Twenty-five ’thousand more men are speeding toward Hankow to help the tired Nipponese.
Department Places All June Graduates
One hundred per cent placement of June graduates in the teaching option is the record of the University department of trade and industrial education. Placements have been made as follows: Carl H. Gax’dner—stamping division of the General Motors Corporation, in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Donald Moore—instructor of mechanical drawing and shop work in Indianapolis’ Manual Training High School. C. G. Stillman—instructor in industrial arts at Chrisney, Indiana. J. W. Varley—instructor in the Arsenal Technical High School machine shop in Indianapolis. Other recent placements made from the same department include: R. N. Paradise, ’38—stamping division of the General Motors Corporation, in Grand Rapids, Michigan. ^ R. W. Ihne, ’31—instructor ip shop work at Newcastle, Indiana. J. R. McElheny, ’35—instructor in industrial arts at Alexandria, Indiana.
Collegiate
-ON OTHER CAMPUSES—
PWA grants came through last week to finance building of two new dormitories at the University of Minnesota. One dorm will be a residence hall for women students, while the other will be an apartment building for graduate students and married instructors.
Complete with ballroom and recreation centers the red brick and limestone women’s dorm will cost approximately half a million dollars.
Partly responsible for the promotion of the new building was the Minnesota Daily, student newspaper which last year editorially campaigned for better housing conditions, advised that a new dorm be built and the old one converted into a rental cooperative unit.
Illinois University through its Dean of Men’s office last week issued orders that freshmen next year nihy live only in rooming houses approved by the university authorities. Inspection and conformation with definite regulations are necessary to obtain the approval. Fraternities, too, must meet the standards set up. Inspection was begun immediately and approvals granted enough rooms were aproved by the week-end to house 637 men.
Construction of the million dollar Illinois Union Building became an absolute fact Saturday when a $550,000 loan was negotiated and papers filed in the county recorder’s office. The building will be opened for use in the fall of 1939.
Robert Sanders, 32-year-old Chicago composer and orchestra conductor, will join the staff of Indiana University this fall as Dean of the School of Music. He succeeds Dean B. Winfred Merrill, who retired in June after 19 years of service.
Looking Back
-PURDUE OF THE PASTc^
August 11, 1937
Applications for entrance into the University as freshmen during the coming semester indicates that last year’s record crop of yearling students will be surpassed this fall and therefore that the total enrollment will exceed the 1936 alltime high mark of 5,507, Registrar Ralph B. Stone said today.
Marking the beginning of the end, final examinations for the 1937 Summer Session will start tomorrow morning in the regular
Vs OFF
Spalding Tennis EquipmenI: (Except Balls) Spalding Golf Equipment (Except Balls) Baseball Masks; Gloves,Leg Guards
McGregor Sport Shirts
Packard Lectro-Shavers Regular Price $15.00 Now ^10.00
DECKER’S 5181-520 Main
‘You’d never see the sights in this town if we did’nt visit you and show you around! ’ ’
classrooms, unless otherwise directed by the instructor in charge. Pres. E. C. Elliott today crowned Miss Zulu Cook, 20-year-old redhead who clerks in a five-and-ten store, queen of the first Indiana tomato festival, at Elwood.
WBAA
‘Voice Of Purdue —Today—
August 11, 1936
Half of the concrete for the University airpoit taxi runway, a WPA project, has been poured, and the entire strip, 950 feet long, 40 feet 6 inches wide, will likely be completed by the end of the week.
Construction of the new Kappa Kappa Gamma and Alpha Chi Omega sorority chapter houses, west of the University campus, is progressing rapidly, with every indication that members of the respective groups will be able to take possession of their new homes by the beginning of the fall term.
11 11.1511- soil la-00-12- 1612 sola .451 001 so1 452 2.453 003 163- 464 004 154- 304:45-
-Morning Melodies. -The Town Crier -Parade of Melodies -Purdue News Flashes -Russ Graefnitz—piano -The Woman Shopper—Pat Heme. -Luncheon Dance Time -Market Reports -Musical Moments -The Monitor Views the News. -Songs and Melodies -The Home Builders -Treasure Chest—Mildred Templin. -Men of Vision -Afternoon Musicale -Interesting People in the News. -The Magic Carpet. -Melody Moods -Dick Curtner—pianist -Story Book Hour
T'f
I'
—Friday-
r ft Jk V«
NOTICE
11 .poll 11-60-12 :0012 12:3012 451 1:452 4:004 4:304:46-
-Contract Bridge Chats—Julius Bor -Morning Melodies -Purdue News Flashes. -Agricultural Forum. -Hollywood Reporter. -Luncheon Dance Time. -Market Reports -Musical Moments -The Monitor Views the News. -Mary Louise Switzer—piano. -Typing School of the Air. -The Home Builders. -Pat Wolcott—sporano. -Concert Review -The Magic Carpet. -Melody Moods -Exponent of the Air. -Story Book Hour
f s .'■I'M
Teachers’ Licenses: All who will be making applications for teachers’ licenses at end of Summer Session please come to Teacher Placement and License oflfice in the Executive Building as soon as possible. The office will be glad to have teachers on the campus that are not registered with the office come and get credential blanks. There is no charge made for this service. —DAVIS.
11 0011 12:3012 46-
—Saturday— -Just Kids. -Parade of Melodies. -Market Reports. -Sports Review—Dick Shively. -Luncheon Dance Time. -Tune Time—Charles Powell.
Fieldhouse Locker Holders: All persons having lockers in the fieldhouse must turn in their keys by noon August 13 if they wish to have their dollar deposit refunded. After this time the lockers will be cleaned out and no equipment will be returned and no refund will be made. —WOODWORTH.
GHOST-r™
'SERVICE
HELPS STUDENTS
in preparing and editing theses, essays, speeches, etc
Expert — Reasonable
18 East 48th St., New York, N. Y. Wickersham 2-6786
ill
Desirable Building Lots For Sale
Each, One-quarter to One-half Acre in Oty Limits
T. R. Johnston
Northwestern Heishts
y
Phon^^306