i
Late War Bulletins I pu jdu0 ExpOneilt
nan Reichstaa Summoned! To Hear Proclamation ■■
• German Reichstag Summoned To Hear Proclamation Berlin, Oct. 5—^The German reichstag was summoned yesterday to hear a special government proclamation tomorrow noon. It is beli6ved that the N^zis will attempt to consolidate realtions with Soviet Russia in the face of Prime Minister Neville Chamberline’s latest speech which was regarded
as a rebuff to peace overtures.
• Report Possible Russian-Afghan Negotiations Moscow, Oct. 5—Unconfirmed reports in diplomatic circles to the effect that Soviet Russia, after current negotiations with her Europdan neighbors, might turn to Afghanistan with proposals. If Russia could gain a foothold , in Afghanistan, now under the British sphere of influence, it would give her a strategic position in relations to India’s northern frontier. • Britain Feels Diplomatic Maneuvers Merely Lull London, Oct. 5—Britain has left the back door open for consideration of' any German proposal to end th^ war, but is charting her course apparently on the assumption that present diplomatic maneuvers are merely a lull before a greater storm of warfare. ' • Vandenberg Says Repeal Would Be Unneutral Action Washington, Oct. 5—Senator Arthur H. Vandenberg (Rep., Mich) told the Senate yesterday that administration efforts to repeal the arms embargo were directed at reaching “into the existing arena of foreign war” to aid one belligerent against another. V^denberg said he thought that repeal of the embargo would be a deliberately unneutral act which may too easily be the forerunner of others when once the habit starts.
PIA Opens Social Season With Fall Dance Saturday Purdue Independent Association will open its social season Friday night with the annual fall dance in the Union ballroom. Dancing will be from 9 until 12 o’clock. Paul Barker’s 12-piece band from Indianapolis will furnish the music. From 500 to 600 couples are ex- ■ pected to attend according to Sam Wells, social chairman of PIA. All members of PIA will be admitted upon presentation of their memberships; a one dollar admission fee will be charged all others. The dance will be informal and street clothes will be proper, Wells said.
Comps For Shots
Memberships in PIA will be sold at the, door before the dance, Jerry Hinshaw, president of PIA, announced., Thirty complimentary memberships were given out to campus activity leaders yesterday and will entitle them to admission to the dance, according to Hinshaw. Barker’s band contains complete brass, sax, and rhythm sections and features a male quartet beside the female vocalist, Anjel Barker. The band will play in front of a black backdrop decorated with a, reproduction of the PIA recognition pin. President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott and Gordon Ohlvey, from the state auditor’s office, will act as chap-
erones.
AIEE Will Meet Tonight At 7:30; Smoker Planned . At 7:30 tonight in room 264 of the EE building, AIEE will hold its informal smoker regularly scheduled for tomorrow evening. It is ah' open meeting and all engineering students are invited to come and acquaint themselves with AIEE. Dr. F. G. Harding, head of the EE school, will introduce members of the staff who will speak briefly on student-instructor relations. The business of the meeting will deal mostly with putting the instructorstudent relations on a more man to man basis. Other business to be conducted will include the announcement of eligibility for AIEE, reports on the convention in Minneapolis, and an announcement of the program for the coming year. After the business has been conducted the “smoker” will begin. McCartney Will Play For Mixer Saturday Jack McCartney and his DePauw campus band will play for the regular Saturday night mixer this week in the Union ballroom. The mixer will be preceded by a swing session from 7:15 to 8:16 also in the ball-
room.
McCartney and his band played this summer for twelve weeks at Pottawatomie Gardens, reputed as a “hepcat’s” heaven on Tippecanoe Lake. Last Friday night he played for the pre-homecoming mixer at Indiana University.
Volume 5l, No. 22
Thursdccy. October 5. 1939
Paul Barker
FaflierFianagm Preference Dinners To End
1st Semester Rush Tonight
Painting Of Late W.Q. Fitch Presented To University At Fowler Hall Services In a ceremony held in Eliza Fowler Hall yesterday afternoon at 4:30 the portrait of Walter Q. Fitch was unveiled and presented to the University by the Alpha Lambda chapter of Epsilon Sigma Phi, honorary
fraternity.
The portrait of Mr. Pitch, who was a member of the University staff and a leading figure in the Agriculture Extension work of the University for the past 26 years, will hang in the east end of the main hall of the Agriculture Experiment Station building. The portrait was painted by Miss Marie
Goth.
//
President's Council Postpones Meeting To Thursday, Oct. 12 Members of the Co-ed House
President’s Counpil will hold their second meeting, and election of officers next Thursday, October 12, at 7:16 in room A of the Memorial Union building, and not this evening as was stated in yesterday’s Exponent. Composed of presidents of all independent co-ed house groups of six or more girls, the council is sponsored by the WSGA Housing Committee, of which Mar-
garet Mitchell is chairman. Plans for thd meeting include a
group discussion of common problems and a lecture by Emily Jayne Myer, co-ed executive of the PIA.
Speaks Af 50th Anniversary Of'Y' “There is no such thing as a bad
boy. They are neither good nor bad; character is a matter of habit, and habit is a matter of education,” Father E. J. Flanagan, founder of Boys Town, Neb., told an audience of over 500 last night in the principal address at the 50th anniversary banquet of the Lafayette YMCA in
the Union ballroom.
The banquet was the highlight of a scheduled seven-day celebration of the “Y’s” completion of 60 years of- service to the Lafayette community. George Byers, president of the YMCA, presided. Three days of programs remain of the week’s
celebration.
Father Flanagan’s talk dealt with “The American Way for Youth.” He pointed out that there was a direct relation between crimes committed by boys between the ages of 16 and 21 and the interest that their particular community took in promoting youth activities. He stat- • ed that crimes of the most violent nature were committed largely by hoys under 21 years of age. “We must banish the idea among people that money and effort spent for promoting the well being of a communities youth is a luxury.” Jimmy McClure Today “Until all children are engaged in some form of youth movement, we cannot say that our youth are being trained in the American Way,” Father Flanagan stated. The program for today at the YMCA will consist of tournaments and exhibitions from 7 p. m. which will be conducted by Jimmy McClure, Indianapolis, national table tennis champion. PIA Will Entertain Co-eds At Dessert Party Tonight At 7 PIA will hold a “Dessert Bingo” party in the reception room of the Union under the chairmanship of
Jayne Myer.
All freshman co-eds, who are not going through rush, are invited to attend in order that they may become acquainted with the organization and what it may do for them. Committee Chairmen Mary Glenn Yeager, women’s activities chairman, and Allison Lilly, women’s social chairman, will give talks on the functions of their com-
mittees.
Passports and membership cards will be required for entrance. Membership cards will be available at the door. In addition, a free membership will be given as a door prize. The time is 7 p. m. instead of 8 as previously announced. Sophomores Sign Up For Student Senate Completing the reorganization plan of last year, the Student Senate issued its call for sophomore workers. After working for a year, these ^sophomores will be eligible for election to junior positions along with those, sophomores who were elected at I'Sgistration. All sophomores will compete for the eight junior positions. The following sophomores have already signed up: Carl Gobble HE; Nancy Sacksteder, HE; Tad Stiers, HE; E. C. Chambers, ChE;; Loren Barthing, ChE; Loring Alstadt, ChE; Emil Spunich, ChE; Chester Riegle, Sc; William Lancet, ME; Gordon Me Workman, ME; Hugh Lawrence, Pharm; H. E. Bollwinkel, ME; George Shawkins, Met E; and Mary Reuther, HE. The juniors carried over from last year as junior executives are: Lewis McCammon, Allan Dilts, John Van Horn, Paula Zwierlein, Jack Wise, Dick Ob'enchain, and John Stewart.
Doctor A. G. Christie President Of ASME, To Speak Today A. G. Christie, professor of mechanical engineering at John Hopkins University and President of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will speak before the student chapter of the society this afternoon at 3 o’clock in room 207 of the ME building. The subject of Professor Christie’s speech will be “Creative Engineering.” Professor Christie started his career 38 years ago as a mechanic. In 1901 he joined the staff of Cornell University as instructor in mechanical engineering. Ten years later he was employed by John Hopkins University as a professor in his chosen field. Steam turbines being his specialty, Professor Christie is the author of this section in both Sterlings, “Marine Engineers Handbook” and Kent’s “Mechanical Engineers Handbook.” Passport Deadline Set For Saturday, Says 'Pop' Doan In order to avoid missing out on the preferential seating by classes when the actual exchange of coupons for reserved football tickets have not as yet called for their starts Monday, all students who identification cards at the ticket office in the Men’s Gymnasium must do so before the close of the office Saturday, it was pointed out last night by C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales. The actual exchange of coupons for reserved seats for the Michigan State game on October 21 will be launched Monday under the new system which was developed in order to save “double calls” on the part of the student body. Under the regulations of the time-saving new system, there will be a direct exchange of coupons for reserved seats for games on stipulated dates, which will be announced in advance. Turned In In Groups Coupons may be turned in by groups where desired, but Doan cautioned students that under the new system it will be impossible to duplicate lost tickets, as no record will be kept at the ticket office. The same system of preferential seating by classes will be followed in alloting the tickets by direct exchange, and those students who do not make the exchange on the stipulated dates will lose their preferential privilege. According to the schedule for the Michigan State game, coupons may be exchanged for reserved seats on the following dates: Seniors—Monday and Tuesday. Juniors—^Wednesday and Thursday. Sophomores—^Friday and Saturday. Freshmen—October 16 and October 17. Aero Modellers To Meel In Union; Slides To Be Shown Purdue Aero Modellers club will meet tomorrow evening, October 6, at 7 o’clock in room C of the Union. Slides of last year’s meet will be shown at the meeting and the first of a series of talks on model aeronautics by club members will begin.
Rushees May Secure Bids In Women's Lounge Today Preference dinners tonight at each of the sorority housies will terminate first semester co-ed rush. Rushees may call for their invitations to the dinners in the Women’s Lounge in the Union from 7:30 to 1 o’clock today. A traditional all white dream cake party will fete Alpha Chi Omega rushees. Mrs. George Kenzler, chapter advisor, will talk about the sorority. Arrangements for the dinner are in charge of Virginia Wilking.
AIEE Speaker
A. G. CHRISTIE President, American Society of Mechanical Engineers.
Publication Editors Speak Tuesday At Activities Meeting Freshmen who are interested in any campus publication as an activity are invited by the Activities Bureau to attend the. Freshman Forum Tuesday afternoon, October 10, at 4 o’clock in the Union faculty lounge. Similar meetings will be held every week in the Union. JRepresentatives of the Purdue Exponent, Debris, Engineer, Independent, Agriculturist, Pharmacist, and Scrivener will be on hand to discuss their respective publications. Questions from the floor will be answered by the speakers. The Activities Bureau is planning to follow up the “publication night” with a series of weekly meetings for freshmen. A week from Tuesday the Bureau has tentatively scheduled a “students’ self-govern-ing night,” when representatives of the Student Senate, WSGA, and other groups will speak.
Alpha Xi Delta will entertain girls with a traditional rose dinner. The gifts and decorations will be accented with blue and gold, the sorority colors. The Sigma Nus, brother fraternity, will serenade the, girls. Maxine Chaille and Sue Enders are in charge of the dinner. “Cardinal And Straw” “Neath Cardinal and Straw” will be the theme of the Chi Omega dinner. Each girl will be presented a white carnation. Decorations will include yellow roses in wine colored bowls. The Sigma Chis will favor the rushees with a serenade. Caroline Scott and Mary Pettigrew .are . the chairmen in charge. Kappa Alpha Theta will entertain guests with “A Trip To Theta Land.” Gardenias are to be presented to each girl. The dinner is in charge of Mary Ritter. Kappa Kappa Gamma will fete rushees at a rose dinner. Dorothy Andrew is in charge. Rushees will be entertained at a southern colonial dinner at the Phi Mu house. The color scheme will be rose and white. Alpha Chi Rhos and Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternities will favor the girls with serenades. The dinner is in charge of Janet Avery. Arrow Dinner An arrow dinner will be the feature at the Pi Beta Phi house. The gifts wall be decorated with arrows and wine roses wdll carry out the floral decorations. Mrs. Cheadle, Pi Phi alumna, will give a talk on “What Pi Phi Means To Me.” Eileen Westover is in charge of arrangements. The Pedalion dinner will feature a yacht club theme. Floral decorations will be blue and pink flowers. Rushees will be entertained with a skit and tap dances by Louise Krug and Mary Jean Sefton. The dinner is in charge of Mary Jean Sefton. Thaeles dinner will be a candlelight dinner with decorations of blue and maize. Jean Weil is in charge of the dinner.
Eleanor Smith
. . . former science student, will be married to Howard Knaus, Ag ’39, of St. Paul, Minn., on Sunday morning, October 8, in the First Christian Church of Lafayette. Miss Smith was a member of Alpha Chi Omega sorority. Knaus was a member of Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity.
Famous Paintings, Varying From Pastels To Brilliant Colors, Adorn Music Room Walls
_ By. Erma Irwin
Would you like to live through one hundred yejirs of painting -with the great artists of Europe and the United States ? You can, and should if you wash to recapture the beauty and meaning that great masters instilled forever on their canvas. Walking hesitantly admidst the vibrant notes in the music room of the Union, I discovered an exhibit that is more than worth the time you can give to it. Kent’s “Winter in Maine” bringing a stark chill along with a certain excitement, and Pissarro’s “The Red Roofs” which turn into a riot of color when you are near and as swiftly become roofs again when viewed from a more distant spot, are enpugh to hold your interest for more than a pass-
ing glance.
Riots of Color )
Not all of the artists represented in the collection wei*e accepted as’ such during their lifetimes and perhaps some of their disappointments and frustrations are caught in a bit of color for all oi us to see. They are recognized as masters now, and though some of the pic-tm-es may seem conventional today, their painters were probably cossidered revolutionaries in their time. The unframed prints were loaned for the exhibition by the Applied Design Department, and the Women’s Residence Halls loaned the framed pictures, which are part of a large collection that are rented by the month to the Residence Hall
girls to hang in then* rooms.LjtT
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday# October 5# 1939
Jinuthf^ JoUl Little Girl, What Now? You’ve been living in a dream world of teas and free cokes, dinners and entertainment, smiles and serenades. Most of your time has been spent meeting girls—lots of girls, girls of all types and description, girls about whom you must decide today. At the Pan Hellenic desk between 7:30 this morning and 1 o’clock this afternoon you rushees are to sign a card stating at which sorority you prefer to have dinner on this last night of rush. Preference cards should not be signed in haste. Probably your decision will shape many coming events of these next four years. It will be well to consider pro and con before you state your preference. Perhaps at this point you are a bit confused about the very existence of sororities. In general the fundamental purposes of sororities are to foster friendship, trust, appreciation and love; to provide comfortable living conditions; to secure campus recognition for women; and to encourage individuality and personality. You have been to the various houses and met the girls representative of each group. It is up to you to decide what you want out of college, and then to choose the Greek letter organization which seems most likely to give it to you. Remember the decision about pledging should be your own-decision—^not the wish of your room-mate or some over-enthusiastic sorority active who has high pressured you into liking her group. Just because your grandmother was a loyal member of Delta Beta is no proof that you will be happier in that house than in any other. Furthermore, you should not pledge Tri Zeta because the girls are all so pretty or Sigma Xi because the members have so many dates. By being a sorority pledge you will find you belong to a group of girls who are interested in you, in having you one of them, in pepping you up or toning you down as the need may be, in guiding you this year and being right with you during the next three years. When certain girls are to play as important a role as this in your life, you owe it to yourself to consider the pledging problem carefully. Base your thinking on such minimum essentials as friendliness of the group, their sincerity, scholarship, leadership in activities, and service to others. Do this careful thinking this morning, so that there will be no regrets tonight.—G. S.
But Incidentally—
By Romanoff In our estimation the Doc Miller Enterprizes should install something on the order of the Piggly Wiggly kiddie car system. How do they expect any normal man to walk out of there with that armful of preventatives (?) and still have enough energy left to overcome his ailment? One could fasten on the side some kind of additional bucket or platform to stand in while the Doc narrates on the one that got away. * 41 * More about this fish battle that Is waging between University Publicity Director Tommy John^fon and the Doctor. As far as Tommy is concerned, he doesn’t care who caught the logger one. He ate his and is proud of it. >l< * >K The Doc says the only reason he ate his was to remove the evidence. •Km* If the battle wages on, mayhap TRJ will have to apply to Smithsonian or somewhere to reconstruct the whale in question. >i< ii> ill Since Tommy has only a deceptive picture to prove the length of the animal, perhaps Tau Kappa Alpha could put the two gentlemen of the faculty on the round-table and solve the whole problem. If this happens, we want a rain check for the duration of the Doctor’s rebuttal. * * * There ought to be an automatic decibeler on the noise box in the sweet shop, so we are informed. When one of those “Look out, look out, wherever you are” comes on, Herr Fox’s stooges flit over to the box and turn the magic knob. Then Hal Kemp sneaks on the turntable and is half over with before we have accustomed our ears to the lower noise level. « * * The investor, and half a million other moochers, take this opportunity to squat on the floor or drape themselves over said organ . . . result: less volume than before. This is what you might call becoming musically inclined; according to Crazy Man Mock and “Rur-te-tur” McCrady. And we mean musically inclined ... 46 degrees IS OK, not so bad, but when five or six stoodents all get on their hands and knees and one accidentally gets his head caught, or pushed through, the bars, the situation is not only silly, but dangerous, and confusion IS rampant. * * Let’s use earphones.
£jthsih By Hank Miller An interesting story came our way the other day that we think you may enjoy Don Foust, who was in Purdue last year and who announced on WBAA, got a job on WIBC in Indianapolis about the first of May During the sunlmer he left and went to a new commercial station at Champaign, ill. Just before school started, we heard that he had left theie and had gone to WTMV, East St Louis, 111., but nobody knew why. Here’s the story One night Don and anothei announcer were doing the dog watch about 3 o’clock in the morning The time came to sign off and so Don gave the apropriate announcements after which he and the othei announcei started talking, discussing the happenings of the day Soon the conversation drifted to risque stories. Unknown to them, the engineer at the transmitter house had gone to sleep and had not turned the transmitter off, consequently, all of the nsque stories went out on the air. All three of the people were fired. Don, how-
ever has gotten a better 30b at WTMV We won’t vouch for this story, but this is just the way we heard it. 0-G—-We see by the news releases that the duck salesman will be back tonight with his new program. At 7:30 Joe Penner will open the Tip Top show starring himself and with Dick Ryan, Gay Seabrook, Russ Brown, Kenny Stevens, and Jaques Renard’s orchestra. —e-e— With Bing Crosby back in the Kraft Music Hall, Bob Burns takes his bazooka and scrams for a wellearned vacation Bing, on the other hand, will welcome several guests to Music Hall tonight in the way of Wendy Barrie, John Payne, Frank Albertson, and Albert Coates With the Music Maids, Bing will sing “Rancho Grande,” “Oh You Ciazy Moon,” and by himself will sing “Over the Rainbow,” “What’s New,” and “Girl of My Dreams ” John Scott Troter’s orchestra will present a special arrasgement of “Shadrach.” —e-e— The legend about the “woman in ^ue” who spread Christianity among the American Indian tribes of the Southwest and yet apparently never left her native Spain will
be told by the Old Ranger during the Death Valley Days program on Saturday at 8:30 p. m. over the NBC-Red network. Maria Coronel was born in Agreda, Spain, in 1602. She wrote detailed accounts of her work among tribes of unexplored America. Although records show that Maria Coronel never left Spain, missionaries years later confirmed her reports and found that practically every Indian tribe had a legend about the “woman in blue” who visited, nursed and taught them. —e-e— That’s all for today so 88. (At least that’s diffeient).
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
Excitement! Romance! A great ' Dog on a Thrill • Packed Crime
CKO RADIO Picture
JAMES ELLISON HEUH WOOD • ROBERT KENT • lUNECUYWORTH 'ACE, WoliilerDog
-AND-
-ALSO-
esAsMIl
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Llehty
Here your beloved B&B editor sits trsdng to figure out the most economic place in town to spend our world series earnings (winnings) and somebody filled the box with contribs to remind us that a column must be written today. We shall announce this week’s PASS winner in Saturday’s paper. Should you be the lucky one ... we hope that you won’t call us an “evil-minded, bold blackguard.” Even B&B does not print your type of literature my dear Joe Faber. —B & B— " “POME” No date— I wait. Next week I seek One girl. No girl To go To show Maybe— OhI Me. Pome stop Kalop! Ain’t that silly? . . . you asked for it. (Written under the fourth table at the C. Shop by a bewildered SAE). —Arthur Leroy Lutz III —B & B— JANE HALTOM (Kappa) is back in the news with something different (if not entirely new). She is going steady now ... on Saturdays ONLY. Can’t you make up your mind that he’s worth spending the whole week with, JANE ? —B & B— What a man!!! Jack Kinsey (Theta Chi) put his pin on an Alpha Chi in Indianapolis, a sweetheart pin on a lass in Gary, and to top it off he has a ring on another girl in Minneapolis. This was done in ONE SUMMER. . . More power to you, Kinsey, some suckers can’t give one pin away. —B & B— What two sophomore Delts (good friends at that) are both seemingly in love with the same girl? .... Three long distance phone calls in one night has the record.
The management is sorry—^but for many years the unwavering policy of this establishment has been ‘No tickee, no washee’.”
The prize goes to Charlotte Lochner. That’s the way to get your “Golddiger’s” bid boys ... poor ATO Weber . . . better luck next time, sonny. —B&B— , “No, I am saving my kisses.” “Let me add to your collection.” —B & B— LAST LINES: Tell me all about the GOLD DIGGERS, 1 am stiU playing second string fiddle . . . but she doesn’t seem to hear the noise I make.
Purdue Exponenl* R. E. Insley _ Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith Bnsiness Manasrer Fablished daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post ofTice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage prorlded for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint Night Editor McKee Issue Editor Trau^^ott
Dr. A. W. Pierce Inspects Chemistry Laboratories Dr. A. W. Pierce, research chemist m animal nutrition, of the Australian Council for Scientific and Industrial Research of Melbourne, Australia, spent Monday with Dr. C. L. Shrewsbury, associate chemist of the Purdue Department of Agricultural Chemistry, going over the work in animal nutrition of the experiment station and inspecting the laboratories of the Purdue Agricultural Chemistry Department. Dr. Pierce has an international reputation in animal nutrition problems, especially those related to fluorine toxicosis in sheep.
NOW SHOWING THROUGH SATURDAY
• A Glorious-Excif-ing Story of Today’s Marriage And Tomorrow’s Dramatic Answer! An Attraction That Couldn’t Be More Entertaining If We’d Search a Year To Top It!
Ruth HUSSEY • Gene LOCKHART Bobs WATSON —2 DAYS only-today-FRIDAY I
MARS
LIMA -TODAY - FRI. - SAT.-
2 FIRST RUN FEATURES
mr? SS
bill M
PLUS 2ND FEATURE A KID OF SEVENTY AND A MAN OF SEVENThursday. October 5. 1939
/ ^xponsunL SpifdA. PaqsL
Freshman Hitting Is Baseball Highlight As long as this year's freshmen stick around, Purdue’s baseball outlook for the future will remain comparatively bright. The frosh are proving their worth with base hits these evenings out on the practice diamond, and several heavy hitting batsmen have been causing the varsity pitchers no end of trouble with
their lusty swatting. In the first inning of a practice game last night, the rhinies sent a pair of solid clouts ringing past the ears of the varsity, but the veterans proved their ability with the heat on as they cut down the frosh rally with a double play after the bases were loaded. No Worries Next Year All-in-all, when the baseballers ■ hang up their gloves and spikes after cold weather rolls around, the coaches will be able to hibernate for the "mnter with no worries concern-
STUDENTS Do You Want STYLE Then see King^s New Fall Suits. The most complete line we have ever shown, faturing the Authentic New Three Button Hollywood Model in Tweeds and Worsteds in 1 and 2 Trouser SUITS HIGH IN VALUE, LOW IN PRICE I22-'^5 Set Your Exceptions High— We’ll More Than Exceed Them KING THE CLOTHIER LAFAYETTE. IND.
Here’s the set-up back of the familiar blue Bell emblem— 1. American Telephone and Telegraph Company, which coordinates system activities — advises on telephone operation — searches for improved methods. 2. 24 associated operating companies, which provide telephone service in their respective territories. 3. Long Lines Department of A. T. & T., which interconnects the operating companies and handles Long Distance and overseas service. 4. Bell Telephone Laboratories, which carries on scientific research and development for the system. 5. Western Electric, which is the manufacturing and distributing unit of the Bell System. With common policies and ideals, these Bell System companies all work as one to give you the finest and friendliest telephone service — at lowest cost.
ing the building of next year’s varsity. Bert Sanders, Pop Doan, and the entire squad, deserve a lot of credit for the manner in which they have been carrying on out of season in order that the Purdue baseball forces may be assured of apparent success during the ’40 Big Ten campaign. Trackmen Prepare For New Decathlon Working with mid-season vigor, the Riveter trackmen are working into one of the mightiest squads that Purdue fans have seen for some time. Backed with many veterans and lettermen, who have gained a fair share of victories and experience in former meets, this year’s squad will have staunch support from several members of the sophomore class, all tending to make a strong, well balanced team. This year Coach Phillips is installing a new method of practice by using fall decathlon work to build up his men. This is the firs4: time that the decathlon has been used as a method of practice at Purdue, but it has met with much success at other schools. By using this system, the men can be accurately rated and classified, for every man participates in each of the track and field events. Besides getting an all-around workout, a trackman can see just how he stacks up with his teammates in ability.
Of Capital University’s 1939 education graduates, 72 per cent have been placed in teaching positions. Of the 1,600 different types of positions for which the U. S. civil service commission offers examinations, only approximately 200 require a college degree or its equivalent.
Frosh-Varsity Grid Classic Will Be Renewed Saturday After a lapse of five years, the annual fall grid game between the freshman and varsity football teams of Purdue University will be renewed this Saturday at Ross-Ade Stadium with the kickoff scheduled for 2 p. m. The proceeds from the game will be used by station WBAA to bring to the students radio broadcasts of football games this fall both here and away and the rebroadcast of basketball contests this fall.
Tough In Pinches "Hard Luck'
“Whitey” Johnson, always a dependable tackle for Purdue, has now been promoted to the first string line due to the benching of Pete Timperman, a junior, for the remainder of the season due to injury. Johnson, a senior, was one of the principal reasons that hurled the Notre Dame team from the Boilermaker four-yard line to the Purdue nine-yard line during the remarkable Gold and Black goal line stand against the Irish last Saturday.
...SEND your laundry home by convenient
Railway Express
Thrifty idea, this: It saves you bother, and cash too, for you can express it home "collect”, you know. So phone our agent today. He’ll call for your weekly package, speed It away by fast express train, and when it returns, deliver your laundry to you — all without extra charge. Complete and handy, eh? Only Railway Express gives this service, and it’s the same with your vacation baggage. For either or both, just pick up a phone and call 9 S. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Indiana
1839A Century of Service. .. 1939 Railway Express AGENCY, EVC. -WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
Pete Timperman, one of the fastest tackles in intercollegiate football, was yesterday annoimced lost to the Purdue football squad for the remainder of the season, as his leg which was injured in the Notre Dame contest was inserted into a cast for the remainder for the season. Last spring, while taking part in spring grid drills, Timperman broke the leg he injured in the Notre Dame game and it is feared that the limb hasn’t healed properly as yet and any more ball this season might accentuate his leg to becoming a “trick leg.” Although in the 200’s, Pete can clip the century at 10.7.
HORSES AND WOMEN
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
« School Supplies "DEAC" Everything for a College Education • Dine COME OVER!' EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Professional
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119y2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
have had all the fun— now it’s your turn! Up to now, horses and women have had a corner on fun with hats. But, gentlemen, it's our turn now! We have assembled the gayest, smartest, handsomest hats ever styled. They are a treat to look at . . .
THE GUARDS Here’s the hat that has that trim military look—-with a new wide brim you can wear up or down, as you wish.
$3.00
up
The game has been side-Hned for four years due to the inability of the frosh squad to get into condition for actual play against the up-^ perclassmen by the third week of school, but this season’s Purdue frosh team has been performing with such precision and has displayed such amazing speed that the ofiicials have decided to send the two squads against each other this Saturday, Tickets-may be obtained from Gimlet Club members, the west Union desk, Southworth’s, and Dene’s. They are priced at 25 cents. 9 Last night at practice, the freshmen, using Minnesota plays, which they will employ this Saturday, threw a long touchdown pass against the varsity on the initial play of the practice session. And throughout the practice session the “greenies” continued to gain considerably through the varsity. Frosh Speed Amazing The speed of the frosh backs is amazing, and with the swift Minnesota attack to work with the first year men perform in dazzling accuracy. The play of Berto, a halfback from Clinton, who kicks and passes left footed, is a highlight of the frosh attack. Collaborated with the Clinton lad’s efforts will be Pijala’s passing, some of the finest pictured on the frosh squid since the days of Cec Isbell back in ’34. Fijala hails from Tarentum, Pa. Smerke Can Block The blocking of “Tex” Smerke, from Ft. Worth, Tex., is also a standout on the squad. In the freshman fflie several big lads who have starred in high school ball will endeavor to make life unpleasant for the hated upperclassmen. In experience, the odds go to the varsity, of course, but the terrific speed of the players under congenial Coach Burnham will make an interesting fracas. I-M Schedules SOFTBALL—Today Diamond 1— ^Ward 3 vs. Ward 2 2— Ward 9 vs. Ward 15 3— Ward 4 vs. Ward 5. 4— ^Ward 14 vs. Ward 26. 5— Ward 7 vs. Ward 6. 6— Ward 27 vs Ward 12. 7— Ward 13 vs. Ward 25 8— Ward 11 vs Ward 10 9— ^Ward 1 vs. Ward 22. 10— Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 9 11— Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 13 12— Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 12. 13— Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall 6. 14— Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 10. 16—Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 4U
SATURDAY ONLY
DOZENS OF DfUHC-EVEDBEflllTiES# 5-STAR-ACTSumS ^ ^
“Jiff
>» i*
THE l^URDHE EXPOMEHT
ThuiBdoy. October 5, ld99
iisddahL ^twksL By Robert J. Deckard
For eight full innings of the first game of the Woild Series yesteidav m New York City the supposedly-poweiful Yankees had us fooled completely One Cincy iight-hander, a Mr Paul Deiiingei by name, stood the Gothamites on their proveibial eais by feeding them a lightning fast ball, an occasional cuive, and a slow ball, and the hosts were ga-ga, swinging wands through the atmosphere at Mr. Derringei’s pitches —fc— Even the Reds tooR us off bal ance They took the offensive from the beginning, banged out the fiist hit, and even scoied the first lun in the fourth which is something unusual for the Yanks to take The Nev Yoikeis, nevertheless, letaliated in the fifth negotiating then fiist lun when Wally Beiger threw to the wrong bag to allow a runner to tie up the ball game —^fc— Then a Mi Red Ruffing a New "ioik mound ace assumed his du ties as a pitcher as he should have done from the start and failed to relinquish a Rhinelander a hit or base on balls from the fifth on —fc— Finally in the ninth, one of Joe McCarthy s extra-base hitters showed the baseball bugs on hand an example of Yankee power A Ml Charley Keller, took a poke at Ml D’s fast ball and slammed a magnificent 40 foot triple into right field Red Manager Bill McKeckme pulled his stiategy bag out and drew a free ticket from it for Joe Di Maggio —fc— Then Mr D and Mr McK decided to work on Mr William Dickej One was out, with first and third loaded A quick double play would suspend all activities for the Yanks in the ninth But Mr Dickey was equal to the occasion, by dropping a single into left and sewing up the ball game for the World Champions by a score of 2 to 1. —^fc— Fr om the standpoint of the pitcher s it was a beautiful game Fig-
ures enough prove that. The moundsmen, lespectively, yielded one free ticket, with the Yanks collecting six hits, including a double and triple, and the Reds four singles —^fc— Defensively, both clubs played sterling games The Yank keystone combination of Frank Crosetti and Joe Gordon along with Babe Dahlgren on first accounted for a trio of double plays Frank McCormick’s ball-handling on sack No 1 and Ival Goodman’s fly-catching m right was nothing short of brilliant —fc— Today’s game will pfobably tell the ending of a crucial story If Bucky Walters turns in a master ful appearance on thb mound for the Reds, and the Reds, on getting back to Cincy might stfil be a nui sance, the Yanks might be stymied momentarily If Lefty Gomez throttles the hosts to a second victory, the senes will be short lived —^fc— The Yanks after yesterday’s nonhitting affair are anxious to turn on the heat, and Derringer will probably have a deuce of a time lepeating his performance in the first game Junior Thompson may eain a win for the Cincy nine, but the figures are against him It looks oretty tough for the Reds'
Classified Ads
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM for boys in new home Tiled shower gas heat Private entrance Phone 2143
DOUBLE and single rooms 523 Dodge Call after 7 o clock
and $10
TWO newly decorated nicely furnished students rooms adjoining bath 264 Lincoln St West Lafayette Ind 71681
FOR RENT—Single room reasonable board 227 Wood St Phone 51304
CLEAN comfortable single room - First floor Quiet streets Close to Fieldhouse 606 Dodge
FOR SALE FOR SALE—$50 00 One four by five Graflex camera series B sinkinizer film magazine packadaptei 4 6 K A lens Tanco Studio 6433
TYPEWRITERS—All makes standard and portable, sold purchased rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F Ebershoff 606 Main Street
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Books and slide rule on Russell Field Please call Teeter 3223
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED—Reduced rates on room and board male student to fire furnace Phone 3210
General Electric
Carryabout
Radio
FREE!
Wiw-'ll W44t it at
PURDUE
Ail wave No a era I no ground no plug n Plays outdoors in doors anywhere A Portable Battery bet Every student can use one You shall have mus c wherever you gol Dance anywhere Fine on long even ngs alone or not Take tskatng h k ng traveling!
iD Q student who best completes this sentence * in 20 words or lest ShealTer s FIneline pencil IS best lor classroom work because “ 14 I KITC FIneline Facts to help you write the winning n 11 w I ^ I, Ind of onf,y • because FIneline s double length, thin, strong leads are permanently sharp ' '* . because its balance and firmly held point enables me to make graphs, sketches mechanical drawings, faultlessly " " , , because ks long leads seem never to wear out—great sluff In class'" because to fine a line makes small notations and interlining easy because its same weight hairline It perfect for accurate shorthand and figuring '' because It has a 39% smaller writing point because it t the first real improve ment in pencil writing in 24 years ” GO TO ITI WIN, and HAVE FUNI MAKE 50 ENTRIES IF YOU LIKE! Contest rules At your dealer, save the sales slip you get when you make a Sheaffer purcl^se of lOc or more (SKRIP, leads adhesives, pens, pencils, etc ) Write your entry on any piece of paper and send it and the sales slip to Carryabout Radio Contest, W A Sheaffer Pen Co Fort Madison, Iowa Send at many as you like— each has a chance to winl Judges' decision final judges An ad expert, a lawyer, a minister Remember —you are competing with students on your own campus only Winner will receive his radio on November 1 from y— dealer indicated on tales slip r~J-n, SHEAFFER3 ^ PENCILS FROM $1—PENS^*^ FROM $2.75—ENSEMBLES FROM $3 95 SKRIP-WEU
CHEMOPURE SKRIP successor to ink 15c Economy size 25c
•*««. U S Put 0#
SPIRALG15IP
New thin lead discoveryl Permanentsharpnessl Woriirs easiest, fastest, smoothest pencil wrftiiigl $1 up
Sportswomen Plan Mixed Recreation Mixed sports for recreation are being sponsored by the Sportswomen tomorrow night in the Women’s Gym from 7 30 to 9 o’clock. The Spoi tswomen consist of those co-eds who have earned their “P” sweateis Among the many sports to be enjoyed by the co-eds and eds are ..volley ball, badminton, deck tennis, shuffleboard, and mixed swimming Swimming entails a charge of ten cents for the eds, but all other spoits may be enjoyed free NOTICES
Skull and Crescent Meeting in Agricul turist loom Thursday October 6 at 7 p m —BELLES
Senators All those planning to attend the picnic to be held Sunday October 16 please sign up in senate office immediately —ESTEY
Reamer Pledges Shoit but important meeting Thursday October 6 at 7 30 p m in the PIA office of the Union building Bring 25c —OLSON
Tau Beta Pi Short but important organization meeting at 7 p m Tuesday October 10 in the Union reception room —CATTERALL
Varsity Wrestling Team Meeting in room 107 of Gym Thursday- October 6 at 7 30 p m —REBCK
POMM Formal pledging Friday Octo ber 6 at 4 p m in room 203 of the Armory All actives and pledges wear formal uni form —HOTLER
Christian Student Fellowship Group meetings on Monday evenings foi the lest of the semester at 7 30 in Union Building (10 12) —BURBRINK
Camera Club Meeting Thursday Octo ber 5 at 7 30 p m in the Old Chestnut room of the Union The subject will be Night Photography —HEDDEN Battery A 2 Game Thursday October 5 at 4 15 p m Meet at south Armory door —SOUTH
Battery A 1 Softball game Thursday October 6 on diamond 18 —PLINER
Riding Club All members going to In dianapolis meet in Union at 7 p m Sunday Octobei 8 Members who have not made airangements to go may do so by calling J D Meyer at 508o before Friday night —MEYER
Roger Williams Club Cabinet meeting at 140 S Grant at 6 p m for supper Tuesday October 10 —GLEA§ON
flT FOR
Belle-Sharmeer Stockings are perfect dancing partners They fit your legs exactly from toe to girdle because they are individually sized for each individual leg Dance longer too, because they fit better—wear longer. Ask for your leg size Brev for smalls Modite for middlings Duchess for tails Classic for plumps Here exclusively. $1.00&$1.15a pair THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main S».
Phi Lambda Vpsilon All actives who wish to order keys this semester see E Nelson in room 114 of the Chemistry building by Saturday, October 7 —SCHRADER
Science Jnniors and Seniors* ISSeetlng Friday, October 6 at 4 p m in Coulter Hall, room 211 —-ENDERS
Battery F4* Softball practice game Wednesday October 6, at 4 p m on diamond 15 —RIPENBURGH Military Ball Committee Meeting in Armory Thursday October 6, at 4 p m —BUTTERFIELD PEW All freshman and sophomore women who expect to obtain absence in physical education are required to attend a meeting on Monday October 9 at 6 p m iff the Women’s Gvm —HAZELT
WAA Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament: These people have not played first round playoff games The games should be played immediately They are Jane Fishliegh and Gobellle vs Marjorie Ward and Swing, also Louise Thomas and Duncheck vs Eleanor Harrison and Bibbin flO 7) —walker Girl’s Singles Tennis Tournament: These girls have not played first round playoff games The games should be played immediately They are A Spector vs S Emhoff, R Swift vs T Decker, E Kirkhoff vs N Cooper M White vs V Engenbright, and J Morris vs R Poland (10 7) —WALKER
Freshman Swimmers: First meeting of the freshman swimming team Thursday, October 6, at 6 p m —DICK M E Students Fees for tdemberships in the Purdue student branch of the ASIM^ may be paid in the Mechanical Engineering office on the second floOr 6f the M E build- ''
ing (10 16)
-BRYAN
Eta Kappa Nu Important meeting Thursday October 4 at 4 p m in room 184, E E building —KEEN
Camera Club All members desiring totake action pictures at the varsity-freshman football gaipe Saturday make arrangements for admittance to sidelines with Hedden at regular meeting Thursday October 6 in the Chestnut room of the Union at 7 30 P m —HEDDEN
Outing Club Bicycle hike to Cary Camp Sunday October 8 Meet at Carter’s Bicycle Shop at 12 30 Bring 20 cents for food Special rates on bicycles Call Jeanette Morris, 2430 by Friday evening, October 7, for reservations —HARRlSflN
Pi Tau Sigma Important meeting Mon* day October 9, reading room ME building AH members are urged to attend for selection of pledges —EILERING
Fraternity Presidents Council: Dinner meeting Thursday October 6, at 6 p m at the Pi Kappa- Phi house —OATTERALL Exponent Workers: The following sophomores are to work as hereby assigned Lynn, Monday Pickett, Tuesday, Lannon and Novey, Wednesday, Mezger, Thursday; Carpenter and RbllwlnkN, Friday, and Purcell. Saturday (10 8) —FRED
Reamer Pledges Short but important meeting Thursday October 6 at 7 30 p m in the Union building Watch this column for announcement of room Bring 26c —OLSON
Gold Peppers * Call for yoUr hats at Southworth s (10 8) —MITCHELL
day.
Varaity Water Polo. First meeting Thurs-
October 6 at 4 p m
-DICK
l^u Beta Pi Chapter officers will meet with faculty advisers at 4 30 p m Friday October 6 in room C of the Union ’ —CATTERALL
Senior and Junior Military Students Sign payroll in Armory office immediately Delay in signing means delay in receiving pay (10-10) —ADJUTANT
NEW BROGUES and CREPE SOLES at
The Varsity Boot Shop
IN THE VILLAGE
Top Coats Sport top coats for this cool fall weather They will even see you through the tough est part of winter yet to come Smart coats — they give you maximum protection with minimum weight Every coat represents the season's best in fabrics, patterns, and colors — and the season's newest in styles First comers get exclusive choice of new arrivals ^15 to $30
ROSENTHAL'S
322 Mam St
Phone 5975
332 Mam
Lafayette
IF YOU MUST GAMBLE GAMBLE FOR SOMEfHIHG
ik
z' J ♦
—s
♦
—^
fK ♦
*
it
Hp
♦ V
* D
L_
* bJ
♦ l)
When you fake a chance on inferior laundering, you re gambling for nothing. The dice are loaded, the cards are stacked.
"Dated Laundered Shirt" service takes the gamble out of laundering, and makes shirtstyle "surethings" for your money All shirts dated when new and laundered only by us, will be replaced if they wear out within a year You won't lose because you can't lose
LOOK YOUR BEST ALWAYS ... by having your suits frequently dry cleaned at Crown. Quality MONITE insured mothproof method!
*COPR MAXWELL DAVIS INC
p IF
i L