itai*
SPO$r$ Niitii Grikfmcii Out. Wifh T,n^«f JuTj^
Volume 53, No. 28
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, October 9.196
Weekly Screen Review Brunner Offers ? Goals U,|UU;,|.4
Makes Debut Today At 3^or Ag Extension Work "■ , |Ai . Mf I I A *11 If NinesuggestedgoalsfortheAgriculturalExtensionServEdUCBtlOnsI MOVIGS Shown In Music HbII ice to achieve during and immediately following the present
I r I r\t n ! I emergency were named and discussed yesterday aft-
Are Selected For mt^rest Of Student Body emoon by Dr. Edmund deS. Brunner, Columbia University ' T, ■ , . rural sociologist, in an address before the annual conference Screen Review, the new weekly senes ot movie convoea- „f Hoosier agricultural extension workers, who are meeting
tions, will undergo its inaugural showing this afternoon from University.
8 until 6 in the Music Hall. Planned along an educational theme, the convo will consist of a variety of short subjects, selected with thp interests of the student body in mind.
To Tell Of Eskimos
This Sunday At Convocation
Priest Return^ From 14th Trip Rev. Bernard R. Hubbard, S.J., famed as the Glacier Priest, will speak Sunday afternoon in the Music Hall at 3 p. m. on "Odmiak Adventures in Arctic Alaska.” Father Hubbard, as he is commonly known, is the Geologist of Santa Clara University and returned last year from his fourteenth Alaskan expedi-
tion.
Learned Much About'Eskimos ' During the years of his arctic travels and his association with Eskimo tribes, Father Hubbard has had many varied experiences and has learned much about the history and customs of the Eskimos. In his lecture, which he has given before capacity crowds all over the country, he describes his latest trip to the arctic in an Eskimo oomiak.'
YWCA delegates from the Uni- jjg originally planned to travel
II rne turnout 01 me stuaeni; Doay i.ww * jorunner. "it is an extremely pow- „ • “ n,u j ■ Y^r^A annual in a specially built motot boat, but justifies further presentations, the that the frivolity of China has been “It fills the air with its mood of erful educational agency. In the DePauw Uni- t^is was rejected in favor of an old “Screen Eeview”'will become a reg- lessened by the great war. the cele- soundlessness,” he observes, “it lulls first World War emergency it was Je informal with the usual hours of ® fashioned Eskimo canoe built by ular Thursday afternoon feature, brations have taken on the aspect of and hypnotizes you, as a steady largely under the leadership of 12 prevailing. p.esentatives Horn Indira, Hut- the natives of King Island, a lonely. Running continuously from 3 to 6 patriotic meeting. sound, as the roar of a waterfall, your agency that the reserve power Bales’ band will be remembered ® ’ JJer'auw universities, "anover, ^ocky island off the coast of Alaska.
and even the tiny, irregular noises of American agriculture was I*?" attended last Saturday’s ^vansviiie, Manenester, Harlham, Hubbard will describe the con-
Indiana Central, Oakland City and gtruction of the oomiak and will re-
This afternoon’s program will include; “News of the Day,” “Fly 'Fishing,” “Men of the FBI” — a “March of Time” feature, “Aeronautics” and a short featuring Henry Busse and his “shuffle rhythm.”
Time Schedule
, The time schedule for the program is: News: 3:06, 4:04, 5:03; Fly Fishing: 3:13, 4:12, 6:11; Men of the FBI: 3:23, 4:22, 6:21; Aeronautics: 3:44, 4:43, 6:42; Henry Busse and his orchestra: 3:54, 4:63, 6:62.
Future Programs Programs for are being planned
tion of travelogues and the “Crime Doesn’t Pay” series for variety. The movies will be shown free to the student body, and passports are absolutely necessary for admittance —no student will be admitted with-
out one.
May Become Regular Feature If the turnout of the student body
Chinese Plan Celebration For Holiday
Briefly his suggested goals were: maintenance of democratic, educational procedures in federal-state and state-county relationships; the development of volunteer leaders; maximum development of all resources to raise the standard of living; research into the new teaching methods and techniques; assist in getting social as well as eco-
_ nomic parity for rural America; Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd assist in bringing to rural people wi pi esent a movie and lectures of ^he social utilities they desire, by his Antarctic experiences Monday educational methods; “a frank
Byrd Will Lecture, Show Antarctic Film Here Next Monday
To more than twenty Chinese stu- afternoon and evening in the Music avowal and continuous insistence the Arctic.
Rev. Bernard R. Hubbard, famous “Glacier Priest” and speaker at a convocation in the Music Hall on Sunday afternoon, is shown with his party returning from his historic 2000-mile voyage in the “Oomiak” in
dents on the campus, October 10
that rural America is but part of
means as much as July 4 means to His lectures, which are sponsored the nation,” an inter-dependent so-
future Thursdays -A-mericans. Commemorating the by the Lafayette Lions club, tell ciety; evolve prpgram determina- Rnh Tci PIaV I with the interfec- 30th anniversary of the birth of the primarily of his second trip. It in- tion on the basis of ascertained OdmCS lO riBy PgPgy\Y UllIVCrSIlY ’s and the “Crime Republic of China, those Chinese on eludes how he returned to their needs and problems; and a contin- Aj, ^ f r\ *
C.r, C» Dance ^jll yj
Tomorrow In Union
the campus w|ll present a program original camp, lived there and re- ual reexamination of the philosophy tomorrow night at 7 in the west fac- turned. The lecture is illustrated of agricultural extension and its
ulty lounge of the Union. with more than 9,000 feet of mo- application. Before the outbreak of war in pictuie film. “Extension Is Important”
China, gigantic-celebrations were In an interview recently, Admiral “Unquestionably (agricultural) held on the “National Day”. Feasts, Byrd said that one of the most strik- extension will pl'ay its part in the parades and noisy social gatherings mg things about the frozen conti- emergency we face ” declared Dr were held on October 10. But now "ent is the power of silence. Brunner. “It is an ktremely pow-
Cary Club’s annual Fall Dance will feature the music of Bob Barnes and his Indiana University band tomorrow night in both ball-
Meeting Tomorrow
p. m., the programs will average Will Show Movies
approximately an hour for a com- Similar to the celebrations in shack—the ticking of the brought into play and utilized with mixer. His vocalist is the lovely An- Teachers Collee-es will plete showing. China this year, the campus meet- clocks, the hiss of the stove—merge ever growing efficiency in the pro- uabelle Alexandra. This summer the u the details of his hazardous By following the time schedule ing will give the Chinese students become a part of the si- duction of food without which the band played an engagement at Lake ^ ' journey into the land of the midwhich will be listed in the Exponent the chance to show the Americans ^be silence is always war would not have been won. J^mes near Angola. They have Tomorrow s program will open night sun. His many years of ex. each week, a student may drop in at the beauty and finer aspects of Chi- ^bere, real permanent, solid as “We are going to be busier than broadcast'over a Fort Wayne radio with a discussmn of The Role of ploration among the glaciers v^the Music Hall, see the short which na. Recent mpvies of China will be and no thought will wander ever,” he predicted, “as soon as we ® canoes and the stormy seas of tho particularly appeals to him and de- shown. A moment of silence, in hon- so far as not to be brought up sharp take the last inevitable step into Dance Not Entirely Closed arctic have made him an outstandpart within 16 piinutes. or of the war dead of China, will be by its suddenly recurring reality. this world conflict. We are defend- contradiction to the style, with President Clyde E. Wild- mg authority on the region.
Shouldn’t Be Confused observed, as is the custom. Presi- “Sometimes it seems to have that ing democracy. Let’s build it ever
This afternoon’s convo should not dent Elliott, who has long taken an curious, fatal quality of the silence stronger at home.”
be confused with the series of Little interest in Chinese students, is ten- that grips you when an airplane cn- The conference will continue Movie Convos presented by the Art tatively scheduled to speak. ginc suddenly cuts out, and in a through Friday noon, b.w.s.
Guild. “Screen Review” is brought Refreshments will be served to breathless calm you swing over for
to the students by the committee on those who attend the meeting, s.b.iv.
lectures and convocations whose aim is to present to the student body each week the latest news, a review of past events through the “March of Time,” and a short featuring one of the country’s leading bands. Gimlets, Reamers and members of
a dive with a dead stick.” For Aiding Blind Proceeds from the lecture will be used to assist the blind and those with failing eyesight in Tippecanoe
county.
“Wings Over America” is the slo- School Kids
the Student Union will be inspecting gan of the United States Army Air Thg first performance, intended passports this afternoon as curious Corps. In order to inform the col- primarily for school children will and critical student body assembles lege community about the country’s be given at 1:30 p.m. and the ad-
for the grand premiere of “Screen new air arm and to secure student mission will be 20 cents. The eve- bourse was received t d
Union Exhibit Shows Air Corps Activities
University Receives Final Government OK On Civilian Air Course Final authorization to start the imary Civilian Pilot Training
policy followed in other years, the rnan of DePauw, Prof. Jerome Hix- World’s Records Made • dance will not be entirely closed, son. Dr. Vernon Van Dyke and Dean Two “world’s records” were made Bob Brewster, social manager of the H. R. Bartlett of the DePauw fac- on the expedition, which, vrds halls, announced. Bids are being dis- rilty as the principal speakers. to trace the migration of ‘tSSPtributed to other organizations on Theme Of Conference kimos from west to east along tte the campus, so that other students Ground conferences on Saturday noithern coast of A.laska. The voy^ will be able to attend the dance. A will carry out the theme of the con- was the longest ever made on bid is a necessary invitation to the ference “The Wise World Todav ” ocean with outboard propulsion dance. ' Marriage, religion, vocation and mi- it was the longest single The backdrop is being planned to norities will be discussed. Cabinet made in an oomiak. depict a scene featuring* the halls training courses will be offered for Since this is a regular convoOa. with the coloring of fall blended chairmen of finance, social service, Hon, passports and season tickots
into the setting, b.w.s.
We Were Close
Review," and. accerdin. advance -enli.taents, the military depavt- ni„. Perf.™.nce lot Univereity ,7;*- ™ .S ,hrstad’».°U„lI:n°
indicatione, a huge turnout will be ment has placed on exhibition a students and adults, will start at Gove, nnieiil. The following students v.k would be here for Homccomins
group of photographs n, the mam 8 p.m. and carries on admission the final medical Saturday. October 25, " -
examination are
bership and publicity of the various
local organizations.
Ruth Newton, presideht of the University group, is area chairman of the YWCA, and Harriet Hazinski of DePauw is area counsellor.
experienced, a.p.h.
Margaret Culver
October 25, Exponent Local arrangements for the confer-
cquested to pay learned from more reliable sources once are being handled by Billie
lobby of the Union of air corps charge of fifty cents.
“aviation cadet” activities.
Besides being action
... instructor in the depaidment dolph Field’s cadets and planes, Southworth’s, University Book University Cashier’s Office and sign namely, Friday, October 24. of applied design, received her these pictures are considered to be store, the West Desk of the Union, mu „ • i i i 1 . 1 j. 1 u- TT • j 1 c u f- u- i. 1 x; i. h, T • nece.s.sary insurance blanks: Master s degree at Columbia Uni- good examples of photographic art and from members of the Lions j) p Coui-t^oy R M Cl '1 R
. D TD Tickets may be purchased at the registration fee of $10.00 and that he will actually be here for a Rothenburger of Indianapolis
I®® ^I-OO at the one night stand, one night earlier. Registration for the meetir
versity this summer.
and should be of interest to all h.c. club. j.j.
Student Apothecary, In Service Since ’16, Fills Nearly 25,000 Prescriptions Yearly
By Bud Eberts
From the opening of the first tured in the Pharmacy school by the brought in is given a triple check, uaiy completed their medical exam
worship, advisors, program, mem- gain admission for the bearers,
but others must pay the regular fifty-five cents ticket price at tHe
door, d.e.b.
Methodist Foundation Members To Conduct
Annual Fall Program Wesley Foundation members and
friends will journey Saturday to Battle Ground for the annual fall retreat of the Methodist student organization. Transportation will be supplied, the cars leaving the Foundation home at 116 Sheetz St.
at 5 p. m. Saturday evening.
Entries for the Albert J. Bev- sophomores interested in Price for the trip will be 60 cents, - - Flight Training ®^''^8c public speaking contest must Student Senate are including the board and room for school as soon as they have success- made before 5 p. m. on^ uj, appear for the call-out th® over-night stay of Saturday fnllv comnleted their medical exam- October lo, in Room 386 of e afternoon at 4:15 in night. Mr. and Mrs. Balsley vriil
meeting will
open tomorrow afternoon in Gobin
Memorial Church, a.m.p.
R. Dickey, J. W. Lockwood, D. A. ' McCaslin, D. MdDaniel, A. O. Roberts, R. E. Sprague, C. E. Standard, F. F. Stecker, T. R. Stockton, C. G. Tafel, D. K. Tippey, P. R. Wagner, J. E. Wailey, R. D. Weaver, R. F.
Willkie.
The following students will be ad-
mitted to the
Beveridge Speaking styjienf Senate wiH Hold Contest Entries Due Call-Outs For Sophomore Before Monday At 5 Workers Today At 4:15
student apothecary on in 1916 to closing time
the seniors in the school''of pharmacy have filled 269,417 presciiptions issued by the Student Health
' Service.
First Prescription On File
the campus 1, ^7^ the patient, one Union. The prelnmnary contest will chaperons for the week-end. 3 l^st night Di^ H. G. DeKay, head of the is put on the back of the presenp- ^^0 ground school': R. H. be held at 4 p. m on Tuesday, Oc- duties of the Coeds Must Sign Out Of Houses loPof nhar- manufacturing laboratory, and J. tion, and the third is pasted on the j,. Snene*ler. and R. B. tober 14, in room 301 of University Kv Miss Clare Coolidee. assistani
lliaiiULaLLUi 111^ irtuujauutj', ciiiu a. LlUIl, clIlU tllU LIUIU Ifc) pclftlUU UIl LUG Plm-lro W T? tsTirl P P LODOl 1^1, in lOOIU OU± VI umvuiaity mi u 1 * J U,, ■,,r . • i 1. vu 1 j: 1.1 / r, ir OlaiKc, W. ih. ;^penj>iei, ana K. x5, ^ ^ i. mi u workers will be explained by the Werts, assistant, who is working final wrapper of the drug. Before a Hall. Seven contestants will be . i , *, rY> n . , , Woil. . Z . . . , senior board and officers.
chosen for the final contest to be held on Tuesday, October 21.
All Men Eligible
Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, has stated that all
Those who work for the coming ^’^Bs who are going to Battl® year will be eligible for one of the must sign out at th^ir.rfr-
for a master’s degree. Preparing student is given the medicine, it is .
these drugs gives the students good checked by one of the three assist- Unregistered Should Report
practice and also cuts down on the ants; Herman Thompson, working Those who have not registered for yy„ i^njripie j—* o — gpgcijjyg houses using the regular cost of operation. However, since for a doctor’s degree, D. F. Aid- the ground school being given on Formerly known as the Ankeny junior jobs next spring, along with sig'n-outs Ever*v StttDr. Terry, who was head of the .yU pharmaceuticals cannot be man- rich, working for a master’s de- Monday, Wednesday and Friday in Contest, this Beveridge Contest en- the eight elected sophomore repre- expecting to go must register health service at its opening, wrote factored profitably by the stu- gree, and H. L. Kendall, head of the the Mechanical Engineering build- fey.g into its fifteenth year, giving sentatives. ' the Foundation by Sat^day the first prescription which along dents, a great many drugs arc apothecary. ing should report to R. L. Dickinson opportunities to both organized and The workers may work on any of j^orning at 10*00 so that a rewith all the others is still on file bought from commercial labora- At present'several thousand bot- *be ‘Mechanical Engineering unorganized men to win suitable the six committees: lost and found, quh-ed list may be'left at both the at the Pharmacy Building. If for fories. ties and jars are in the store room building immediately. The students trophies and campus recognition. editing of the University Handbook, any reason the student who had Mass Production Of Medicine waiting? to be filled. More contain- usinft’ the ground school freshman winning the con- publication of the final exam bookprescription No. 1 ever wish a re- Harry L. Kendall, who has been ^j.g to be ordered in the work for credit should report to the test will receive as a permanent let, handling of the proposed fae
fill, he tvould merely have to bring the head of the apothecary since near future due to the exceptionalin the empty container and wait 1935^ has estimated that the seniors ]y high demand for medicines,
for its recompounding, dispense 150,000 capsules, 50,000
During the first few years’ exist- pills, 400,000 tablets, 1,200 gallons Apothecary Easy To Find ence the students’ drug store filled of liquids, 600 pounds of ointments. In the past it has been found that between 100 and 200 prescriptions and 260 compound powders duiing many students do not know how to annually. At present 25,000 are the year. Many of these are pre- get to the apothecary from the filled every year. Of these quarter pared by machines in the manufac- health service. The student drug of a million prescriptions the most turing department, but some must stoie is located in the south end of common are those for colds and be made at the time the prescrip- the first floor of the Pharmacy athlete’s foot, and the majority are tion is received. Building. The south door opens difilled during the winter months. At present there arc 34 seniors rectly into the apothecary and seats Average Cost Of Drugs Is Dollar working in the apothecary at dif- ure available for those waiting for It has been estimated that the ferent times throughout the week, prescriptions to be filled, average cost for the dispensing of These students take a course in It has always been the custom each of these drugs would cost the pharmacy dispensing with two lec- of the doctors from the health serv-
student between 96 cents and a dot
Features of the retreat will be 9
head of the mechanical engineering possession the Hays cup, a silver ulty rating sheets, general publicity Qj^Qg^. ■w'alk Saturday evening at
school. d.C.J^* o*r»/4 C!*i"n/T cirri' /xl i rkTia €J>*»fT 'J'Tlo
Notice
All sophomores interested in becoming basketball imanagers arc asked lo see Charlie Standard at 4:30 p. m. this afternoon in the main gym of the Fieldhouse.
loving cup.
Permanent Possession Possible The organization whose representatives secure the largest number of points in accordaned with a set scale receives the Ankeny Cup for one yehr. Permanent possession of the cup may be attained by winning it three years. Speeches are to bo given on any
and student elections, and the personnel and student organizations’ constitutions committee, r.t.e.
10, singinging Saturday night an4 an address at 6:30 a. m. Sunday* by Rev. Balsley, before breakfast. They will break camp at 8:30 a. JU. Sunday for the return to the campus. s.b.w. * ,
Kappa Sigma
Retired ROTC Sergeant Dies At Virginia Home Ray V. Gain, retired Master Sergeant and former member of the University ROTC staff, died Octo-
sVibject of the speaker’s choice and her 1 at his home in Milton, Va.
are not to be more than five min- Gain was born in Flint, W. Va., on discussed by Dr. Rose today kt 3 utes long. Magazines, books, and May 2, 1891, served with the sixth p. m. and tomorrow at 4 p. m, in other information pertinent to the cavalry at the Texas border and the lecture room of the Biology
Dr. Rose Will ipiscufs Ring Worm Disease Ring worm prevention will bf
. . . announces the election of the subjects of the talks to be made with the third cavalry overseas in Building,
tures a week and three hours'of ice to work hand in hand with the following officers: Robert P. Bur- will be placed on reserve in the Uni- the World War. Since the disease is present in lar if filled by any other apothecary, lab work in the student drug store, student pharmacists in preparing rows, president; Richard J. Thomas, versity Library for use of the con- He served as instructor at Massa- almost all residential groups, and However, all students have the They receive the very best of in- and testing new remedies. This is vice-president; Frederick C. Kroft, testants. For further details of the chusetts College, Amherst, Mass., can be easily prevented or cored' right to use this service as it is structions and supervision while one of the most perfect set-ups of master of ceremonies; John T. Me- contest, see your house debate man- and was attached with the ROTC the elimination of it is merely k provided for in health fees. they are “behind the counter.” • any University for the students to Cutcheon, treasurer; Joseph F. ager or call at the office of Univer- unit here from 1930 to 1939. He re- matter of education and care. Wemit Most of the drugs used in filling Prescriptions Always Checked obtain medical aid and medicines Neff, secretary; and Jack Ford and sity Debate Manager, room 386 in tired in'January, 1939, after thirty en students, whether infeetdd^lbff
these prescriptions arc manufac- , Every prescription that is for their ailments.
Miller Noiirse, guards.
the Union, j.t.k.
years of service, d.e.b.
not, are invited to attend.''\ V
^f'^ I f"
■Wcponem»^loMlWW
I i i
yttsmKioH
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
bombers, and si0 far not even Tom Corcoran, who once sat at • the right hand of the President, has been able to pry them loose. The man who has blocked the bombers happens to be Harry Hopkins, one-time partner ai^ mentor of Corcoran Hopkins argues that big bombers should go to Britain and Russia first This has focused attention upon a Mide lift among Rooseielt advisers over help to China or appeasing Japan So fai Roosevelt has followed a middle course by continuing a ceitain amount of aid to China but still flirting with Japan— even though Japan recently reafliimed her partnership in the
Axis
Note Exactly thnty yeais ago
lot of squawking ” John E Kennedy, foiniei congressional societal y, IS organizing “Wheelei foi Ex-Senatoi Clubs” in the Montana State Univeisity, also in Montana State College and Montana School of Mines Argentine Revolution Moie than a yeai ago, the State Depaitmeiit Was warned that the youngei aimy officers of Aigentina weie pio Hitlei and iipc for levo lution Recently however, the levolt came Fnitheimoie, it was inoie seiious than appealed on the suiface, foi one of the eonspiiatois was Majoi Giisolia, an Aigentine airman bi ought to the U S A at oui expense and tiained in Texas last yeai We had made no dent on him
Health i^ervioe 11 Daily Report
iJ.S. Planes To Cary Tanks la Hew Mechanical Claws; China Wants More Planes Washington Oct 8—An aimoied tank earned undei an an plane as an eagle caiiies its piey left the realm of fancj and became staik leality when the Geimans produced this feaiful novelty in the invasion of Crete Now it is about to become a reality m the United
States
In Biookhn New Yoik, a mechanism IS being built for the “hook on and ‘lelcise whereby a tank is attached undei the fuse lage of the plane and released as the plane lands The tankv, cicw of thiee iides in the tank as it is borne aloft and when the plane lands the tank diiver operates the release incehanifaiii "Eree of the plane the tank (light tvpe of 10’3 tons) operates indcpendcntlv with a ciuising la dius of 300 miles This mechanism is being developed bj the Aimoicd Tank Coipoiation ot New York It is designed to be attached to a certain typo of huge tiansport plane\alieady in pioduction NYA Fight Real inside behind that General Accounting Office blast against the National Youth Administiation was an intcinil low between the mvestigating and accounting divisions ol the GAO The gum shoers are under fire as inefficient and high handed so fo make a splash and divert criticism from themselves they heav ed a load of brickbats at N1A charging it with balking Armv recruiting The real facts arc that N\A Administrator Aubrev A\illiams was bitterly assailed bv the leftist National Youth Congiess because he cooperated with the \imv and Navv to cncouiage Nl A students to enlist in the armed forces Anothci inside detail of the lios tile lepoit was that it was issued without having been leid by Comp tiollei Genei il I indsav Y alien who IS an old fiiend of Y illiams and a stiong NYA suppoitei when he was a eongitt.sinan fiorti Noith C uolina Note In^-ideis predict an early consolidation of NIA and CCC under a single head Fedeial Se cuiity Admimstiatoi Paul McNutt, titulai boss ot the two agencies, lavois this mov e China Wants Bombers Not man> people 1 now it but the Chinese Goveinmcnt is having oueh a tough tunc getting wai ma-. tciials fiom the USA that Gen eialis=imo Chiang Ku shek has ic tamed the tamous ex biain tiustei Trm Coicoi m to do i little lobby ing with the Y hile House Y hat Chi mg Kai shok c'-peeiallj^ w mts IS lon^, lange bombers His idea IS that China c mnot lemaiii on the delcnsivc mdehnitcly and he pioposes sei ding fivmg foit 1 esses ovci lolvo and Osaka w ho'-e papei and bamboo houses would go up m smoke it subjected to honilimf, lald Chiang Kai shel el urns that this Upc ot ofiensivc would make the Japmese think twice legaidmg then icvived jil m to diivc into Howevti thcie is onh one place where ( hina tan get the
today Sun Yat sen, fathei of the other young aimy offi Chinese Republic, was in Colorado in important positions They with a puce of $500,000 on his head, definitely pro Nazi
offered by the Manchu Empeioi when Suns followers oveithiew the Manchus and established the piesent Republic Lindbergh's Home If you will turn to page 1596 of the cunent (1940 41) of WHO’S YHO \ou will find a very ilium mating commontaiy on Charles A Lindbergh 4s a leading champion of isolationism the piiiicipal tenet ot the ex ail heio is love of the USA America First is the sj m bol and dogma of ins political tiedo In his lecent Fort Wayne, Ind speech he declared “I have no motive in mind other than the welfare of m> country and my civilization” But on page 1596 of Y’HO’S WHO Lindbergh’s self penned biography tells a diffeient story This IS what he sa>s “Home, Illiece Isl ind, Penvenan France ” Illiece Island is in Nazi occupied France Nearby is an island belonging to Di Alexis Can el with whom Lindbergh tollab orated in making their so called mechanical heart Carrel is now in occupied France and is working in cooperation with the Pe tain goveinment which is playirtg hand in glove with the Nazis Lindbeigh has not been abioad since he returned in 1939 Y hy he still gives the little island in Nazi eoiiti oiled Prance as his ‘ home even at this date is not explained in the biography, in vvliith he carefully lists all his achievements and decorations— except the one presented him by
Hitler
Note Sevci il days piioi to Lind
However, the Argentine people definitely are not They are vigoiously pioUSA In fact duiiiig the past six months an overwhelming tide of sentiment has welled up for the United States ^ This IS unique^ because the United States, despite all the hullabaloo about the Good Neigh hor policy has done almost nothing to woo Argentina except slap her 111 the face when it comes to hei most prized commodity— beef Argentine tiiendship, theie fore, is not based on lend lease loans (which incidentally its Congress has refused to accept), but on the firm belief that the West ern Hemisphere tices a tommoii danger and that this country can be trusted not to invade its
neighbors’ teriitory
Recently, however the utterances of cattle state Senatois such is Josh Lee of Oklahoma Ed Johnson ot Coloiado and 0 M ihonej oi Wyoming have done much to knock Aigentmo iclations off bilance
The American Cow
It began some yens ago undci Republican Administrations when Aigentinc beef was b uied fiom the USA for foai of hoof and mouth disease Latei Roosevelt tiled to soothe the Argentines by pci mil ting the Navy to buy canned Ai,,cn tine beet (which cannot contain hoof and mouth geims) But flu entile West lose in defense ot the Amciican cow when the Piesident indicated th it Ai.,entine e ittle
weie super 101
Again the State Dep utme nt pro posed a sanitaij convention where by Argentina could send limb u d
Twelve students were admitted to the hospitals Monday, aecoid mg to the Health Service leport W I Cole, a sophomoie in the school of science, enteied the Plonie Hospital foi surgical tieatinent, R C Jones, senioi chemical engi neei, Betty Millei, junioi phaimacy student, and June Mooie, sopho 11101 e home economics student, enter ed the Home Hospital foi med
real treatment
W E Allen, senioi mechanical engineer, G J Hipp, junioi me chanical engineer, E F McCaffeity, fieshman engineer, E E Combs, freshman engineei, R D Mellin, senioi science student C R Oakes, senioi science, R W Platt, sopho more mechanical engineer, and E H Schwenkei, fi eshman engineei enteied the St Elizabeth hospital foi medical treatment L P Jones, mechanical engineei, was released fiom the Home Hos pital Monday, and C J Hipp junioi mechanical engineei, and S M Katz, junior mechanical engi neei, wcic leloascd fiom St Eliza beth Hospital Tuesday
In The £xpo Of ONE YEAR AGO THIS WEEK Dreams of a 24 hour holiday from studies faded fast when officials announced that classes would continue as always in spite of diaft registration day The Fifth Column suggested that with Hitlei’s troops in Poland, Deninaik, Czechslovakia, Hungary, Norway, Belgium, Holland, Prance and Rumania that the safest place io stage an attack would be in Ger-
many
Long forgotten skeletons in musty closets rattled their way across the glaring yellow sheets of the yeai’s fiist Yollow Dog.
Camerti Club To Meet Tonight; Will Feature Talk By Bean Knapp
ONE DECADE AGO THIS WEEK Dorm students in Caiy Hall, 119 in number, afflicted with ptomaine poisoning from tainted food, were lushed to Lafayette hospitals All coeds with dates were admitted tree to the first Playshop show of the yeai, “Mask and Pace” A definite block of seats weie set aside in the Ross Ade Stadium for the fiist time, in an effort to estab lish a strong rooting section at football games Difficulties pie seiited themselves however when students staited to scalp tickets to alumni ind visitors i w fa
For its regular meeting tonight at 7 30 in the towei loom of the Union the Cameia Club has sched uled a lectiiie on “Accessories foi the Mmiatme and Movie Cameias,” to be delivered by Dean W A Knapp of the engineeiing schools Gadgets Supplement Speech Dean Knapp will supplement his discussion with a varied selection of gadgets and accessories fiom liis huge personal collection of photo graphic equipment Tlie pin pose and general use of many of the mtiicate devices will be explained and any question as to then piactical apph cation will be answered by Dean
Knapp
Dislinguished junior £un Squad Coinpetitio|i Entry Date Closes Wednesday All junioi s desiiing io enter squads m the distinguished gun squad competition for 166 mm howitzers must piesent entiles tq Lt Baum in the instructoi’s loom of the Armoiy before 4pm Octohoi 16, according to an announcehlhnt received yesterday from the mlli-
taiy department
Squads will consist of two juhiOis who will be the executive ajid Assistant executive and nine soyihomores who will make up the chief of. sections, gunnel and cannoneers All juniors are eligible to submit entiles which will consist of a list of the members of the squads Piactice foi the squads will take place two hours a week and it will last foi a six weeks period deb
T
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES
FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
heigh s Flit Y^lync speech Beilm niutton fiom Pitigomi i
shoitwave bioadcasts to the U S weie devoted almost entiiely to at t icks on Roosevelt as a dictator
similii to Alaska which juts down tow aid the South Pile uid vheie hoof and mouth disease ciiinot po
and chaises that fiee speeeh and exist This how over is still liee piess were disappeaiing in this holed by the Senite Fiiei n
eoiintiv Theme ol Lindberghs Eolations Committee speech was that the Piesident was Eut inoie leccntlj the Jiistiec Dc issuming dietatoiial poweis and P'^lment iuled th it A.igcntinc heel
was seeieth planning to call off the could entei fiom the i land ol Ten i
del Pliego This is in 4,111 iietic Is land on the other siac ol the Sti lit of Ma ell in It is i sm ill hie il aiea completelv cut oft tiom the Aigoiitine m iinl ind uid i uses onlj a yeailj diiblet ol 3 000 tons ci mutton But it constituted in im
1942 elections
Heiideison Gets Suspendeis Leon Henderson's Pants
A Chicago suspcndei film sent Leon Hendeison Price Administia toi a letter and a package The 1 ttei said they had seen a picture
of him which revealed that he was Aigentine s p. ide
and thej' weie delighted
S Attitude
in danpei of losing his tiouseis This thej felt would be a national
disastei
The package contained a pan of
suspendeis
Shoitly after waids Hendeison tool occasion to veai the suspend
Now hovvevei western Senitoi from c ittle growing iicis aie de mandin^ that even this sc p to Ai gentina be stopped Piobibly thc^' will not win But eveiy slitemenl
eisataceiemonyinhishometown, f
Millville New Jersey, wheie he
to Argentina which cnj.ovs i pi css
dedieatcd i new an port He sent a "f"”
ion m ikes the task ol Ilitlci e isiei Whit the U S Con less should do insle id IS send i 1 lendh Con
pictiue of himsell wealing sus pcndeis to the Chicigo fum uid 111 ml (cl them loi saving his pants
Merry-Go-Round
lessionil mission to Aigcntini tc cement elosci iclUions with i ni
When the 0PM was leoiganized ^oast i Cong.o ind the nevv super SPAB set up to conscientious md just as
laj down detense pioduction policies Yashinglon insideis wondeied how William Knudsen 0PM Di
iiiti Ilitlci as 0111 s
(Copyright 1941 lyUiiled reituie Syndicate Inc)
SlASOn SMARIISI STtllS riNGEn TIP novTS ran rmi Be eoiuloilalile aiul waini — lx well ilicsscil — lie ctonomital — lie small See tins Duly gieal Helitlum ol line liiigti-lip loals. Just the llimg ioi lall campus weal.
INC. WLSl LAI Ul 1JL
lecloi Geneial would take the
eh inge Ihe Ing paiiioiic Danish . , bom loimei into mogul has taken FOX
it bj w01 king harder and nioic /e ilouslj than evei beloie YHicn
jiuticululv tough pioblems come House was guest spe ikci list eve heloie SP kB ol wInch h6 is a mem nlng at a dinnei of the Attic i to handle them ‘ I ve got bioad 1 ivia She spoke ibout hci tiavel ^houldeis,” he guns ‘I can take a expcneiiees iii Mexico and Lngl md
menibei ol Anligonish Co cp
Aft CKSCAT AC. A” nsicr AC mte-cie-DiriLevf
She’s heaven **■ sent to watch over the devil ... who’s out
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. -2 FIRST RUN HITSA WESTERNER With a Wallop tThil Johnson
• C«0ts^^Country To The Front
For Annual Atjijiici^do
InneviiisviHnes
For t^hose of you that are sta-
Th'irty-^ix varsity tankmen, boating a Benior strength
, , , of ten swimmers, >began 'to pat some .seriousness irito their We ««Steed over to the oroee eomitry eouree yesteiday alterniee workouts this week, as Diek .Papengath, boilermaker swim.
to see iti person the various improvements in the course and the team . . \ i. ia^ An j c x - tisticai n,ounas nere are a lew tacts ■which we iiav.e been heai'ing about. Both the improvements of the team IBQIltor, 6Sig6r to @6t the 1941.'-*42 'S<lua»o itlto ■.conultloxi and figiuros on the Purdue-Obio and tbq ^oursp are all that rUmot has rumored them. eariy in the season, began bearing down on heats and wind state game to be played on Oc-
tober 26th. Po far the Bivetars and the Bucheyes hdve met eight times and the advantage lies entirely with Ohio State in the won and lost column, because Purdue has been able
to gain only one victory.
Both teams boast a very good winning percentage in Big Nine competition. Minnesota, the perennial powerhouse, of Course, l^ads the percentage column.' Purdue and Ohio State, however, are engaged
Mrs. Gordon A. Thomas, promi- ^ close 'Ijattle “for Second place.
‘EPhiB yeat’g'jSoilermaker cross country contingent is one of the strong- sprints in the Fieldhouse pool. ^*8t in the' conference, indeed it may be the best before the season has Times '
run it^\ourse. They made a swell start last Saturday moritihg when „ , „ •' iv ■ Vi.?! —fi . , they operied the season against a strong Illinois distance team and , e squad as a whOleiptill is pKA||||ntt||l rfl||Adf|f|fl
slopiied through ‘ the rain for a very decisive victory over the Cham- should be, Tapen- «i|
guth asserted yesterday as he ran some of his aquatic stars through fast heats. “We have only a little over a month before the Annual
WtH Mver Lecture Un ^Horseback, Riding
pai:^ lads. N '
•\The Hods^iers Are Next
Saturday morning before a homecoming crowd at Indiana the cross
counl^ry team will engage the conference’s strongest distance favorites Aquacade rolls around and we in the first Indiana-Purdue conflict of the new academic year. A lot should start cutting down on will depend on the outcome of that meet, as both teams are priming times.” ,
to become the Big Ten’s best squad. Coach Pqpenguth is already look- x.---.- ^ Although big Campbell Kane has in some manner dodged the threat- ing forward to the' 1941 Aquacade, nent Lafayette equestrian, will de- Each team has lost seventeen ening nod of Uncle Sam, which was supposed to take place last spring, November 28-29, which, he prom- liver the second in her series df lec- games, but Ohio State has won a the lanhy runner is not eligible to compete in the meet Saturday. Last ises, will be even better than last tures concerning techniques of more.
year’s recordTbreaking event. horseback riding next Tuesday eve- If the Riveters have a good seaThis year’s rhinie squad adds ning at 7:30 at (the fair ground son thqy have an excaUent chance another groups of powerful swim- stables. to take pn^isputed .possession of mers to Coach Papenguth’s roster. For the main part the lecture will second place in the conference vicEoy Heidke, an AlhAmerican consist of demonstrations of the tory st^ndiqgs,
reports irom the Hoosier stronghold also indicate that the Cream and Crimson’s No. 1 and No. 2 men, Fred Wilt and Paul Kendall may be unable to participate. Wilt is supposed to he suffering a back injury and
Kendall is on the brink of leaving school.
We don’t know whether these reports are just sour grapes blarney
or the real McCoy. If it’s the latter we have a better than even chance breast-stroke king from Lane Tech proper handling of one’s horse’ for Some of the student body qre of taking the southern boys in cross country for the first time in several in Chicajgo; Murray Hubley, two the trot and canter in the show ring, very pessimistic nhout Purdue’s years. If its the former we stil have an even chance of doihg the same, ydar nati^hl YMCA low-board div- Individual horsemen will illustrate chances in the conflict because of A victory there would give the Boilermakers a great chance to go ing champion from Huntington, and the various techniques of these two the shellacking a4niinisterpd to through the sea^n unde^ated.- George 'Rich, number.one man on pqces, and Mrs. Thomas will com- USC by the Rudkeyes. One needs to • A Swell Gei10 Of RuhnerS the All-American Medley Team ment upon the style of the riders as go only bade as far as last year to Ed Holderman, last year’s track captain and one of the best distance Battle Creek, Michigan, are ,they pass. see that comparative sepres jpean runners of the mid-west, is No. 1 man on the Riveter squad. Ed is still outstanding tank stars among ShaW'Ring Procedure nothing.^ , eligible to compete this season since he did not lun competitively in yehrling paddlers. ivr rpv, > n i- v n In their first game of J^st season cross country his sophomoie year. He has taken first in both of the Program is. Thomas third lecture which ^Buckeyes annihilated 8 topgh dual meets he has run with Indiana. Both Heidke and Hubley per- ''vp n® delivered in the near future Pittsburgh team. Very few people Appleton, Kemp, Roach, Kinder, DeUslei and McLaughlin are the formed in last year’s aquacade and wiH deal with show ring procedure gave Purdue a cbance in that game, remaining members of the team who will journey to Bloomington Sat- Papenguth is going to send practical demonstrations being The first half "w^s played as exurday* Tl^e vposltions for the traveling squad were selected yesterday Heidke out after the world’s record tim^ A discussion of pected apd Ohio State left t]ie field by time trial^Trom a field of about a dozen, show Nov. 28. Patty Aspinall, correct dress for hacking and show a comfortable 14-0 lead. A • Let's Set Them On Their Heels youthful hi east-stroke champion will also be taken up at that lecture, .Boilermaker team changed A v.VfAv,, ^ r A- <3 f 1 r •+ 1 1 4.1, 1 4, Indianapolis, will be back These lectures are open to the complexion of thq game in the A victory at Indiana Satuiday would definitely mark the close of gg^in this year and a new novelty public and members of the Riding second half and in the waning sec-
eraTylars. STwdl'LX woikm^foT " ’
1M Schedules
TBimlS
Thqrsday, October 9
4 ll& p. in.
Qoqrt
1 Dudzinsky vs. KrsybiH. 2 Ciqrk V8. Eden or Williams. 3 giener ya. Christensen. 4 Ferry vs. E. P. Wells.
5 Clooms vs. Qrunm or Benable.
burner vsl achaai.
Sells vs. Ross.
W^lsh vs. Schalliol. IVJotiger vs. Hutchins. KliJjev^ ToriqohlenHunt vbA R. D. ^Martin.
THE BUXTON STITCHL^S mUFOLD Has ncrcurling edges-no buni|9s?^i|9 gaping sides to mar its smooth beauty -wfiat a gif|! Roomy, handy, Jn fine Monoeco at 15.00. Others, ,00 up.
Papenguth’s main idea this year will be to get more novelties on
the Aquacade program. Fred Herr, Curly Auderson, Alex was in their grasp. Senior veterans back to make Kusko, Jack Horn and Frank Lake, Then came
score and it seemed as if one of those far famed moial victories
the Riveter squad one of the top- free-style artists; Ted
notch tank teams in the Big Ten 4iT6;’Dl(!lc Kratzer, Frank Branner,
one of those bad
Andersen, breaks for which last year’s team
Dr.
A. M. Irion '
-DENTIST —
1191/2
Northwestern Avo.
Phone 4965
-
back - stroke star; Ed Tingley, gained renowp. With just nineteen breast-stroke artist; and Frank seconds to go, Charlie Maag, an inFarkas, diver, AH of these veterans eligible player, kicked a field goal saw consicj^erable experience in last to give the Buckeyes a 17-14 vic-
year’s tank events. As yet, none of the swimmers’times have been lecorded, but actual time trials for the vaisity, as well as frosh, will begin in a week
pr so. d.e.b.
tory. e.l.k.
'^m
Jinx Hits Riveter Sc|Uad; Nine Pilfers HiM With every player and coach on the injury-tiddett Slvefer football squad pointing to the all-important Ohio State-game, the third straight night of the toughest kind of practice Went off as scheduled, yesterday afternoon. Scrimmage with the Rhinie squad climaxed the gruelling three and one-half hour
grind.
■ The injury jinx, which following
the Pitt game claimed only two men. Petty and Carter, has iakeH a total of seven more men in the lajjt
two days.
Petty In Plaster
Petty, the driving powerhouse who scored the lone tally aganst the Panthers Saturday, has a cast on his right knee which may keep hhn out of the State game. “Red” Carter’s side injuries will keep him out of action for an indefinite period. A leg injury to Barry French, Tuesday afternoon, ended the big fellow’s play for the next few days. Another tackle, “Pinky” Warren, will be out of action until the first of next week at the earliest because of a painful ankle injury sustained
in scrimmage.
Stoelting Shifted
In an effort to fill the gajp left vacant by the disablement of -tfie“ above two men, Ray Stoelting has been shifted from end to the tackle position. The big 195 pounder from
B B-sShar^"’" IndianapoHs was originally a cen-
ter, but was shifted to end at the beginning of the season to strengthen the supposedly weak wing pdsts. “Tex” Smerke, hard blocking signal-caller, developed a tackle shoulder, Monday, and wiU not be in uniform for at least a week. Other Riveters on the injury list include left end Jim Rush; Powers and Vecs, two guards who are expected to see plenty of action before the end of the season and “Pete” Timperman, first string tackle who received la deep cut on
his leg.
Passing Weapon
Pass defense, a weapon which the Boilermakeis hope to use to an advantage against the polished
N^siet-'vs. Zeff or Griner.
Dyer vs. Dingle.
Kutsch vs Sines or Clem.
Koch vs. J. Cohen.
J. W. Graybill vs. I Daley.
Olmsted vs. Clark or Pavis
Garber or Dial vs. Hunt or Crofts.
G. R Witsman vs R Stallings
Vqth.vs. McCampbell.
Diamond 1 Ward
SOFTBALL
Tiaesda^, October 9
Field
1
L vs. Ward 24.
Ward 28 vs. Ward 27.
Kappa Sigma-vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Pi. Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 6.
, TOUCHBALL
Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Ep-
silon. Official: B. Berman.
Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Chi.
Ogiitial: Bill Burghardt
Rigma Nu vs Sigma Phi Epsilon.
Official! L Captain.
Sigma Pi vs Tau Kappa Epsilon.
Official: L R Jewett. Theta Chi vs. Theta Tau. Official: Tom Noland
Alpha Tau Omega vs Phi Kappa Sigma. Official S O. Morrison. Alpha Gammu Rho vs. Theta Xi.
Official: Jim Raffeity.
Interfraternity Bowling
Thursday, Oct. 9
6:30 p. m.
aPQD PRINTING
at
PAINLESS PRICES
Dr. Paul A Risk Dr. Luther A Risk Dr Harold J. Risk
More Style for Loss McTney
— DENTISTS —
Kane's Prjint Shop.,
400-404 Schutz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayetta
40T S. 29th St. .Phene.5205
Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Tau
Omega.
Beta Sigma Psi vs. Pi Kappa Ohio State squad, was particularly Alpha. stressed last night. The backfield Theta Chi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa, coihbination of Smock, Meakim, Theta Xi vs. Sigma Pi. Snydei and Keisey weie drilled at Phi Delta Theta vs. Alpha Gam- this for more than thirty minutes, ma Rho. Coach Burnham’s freshman Thursday, Oct. 9 squad, well diilled on the offensive V 8:45 p. m. plays and type of defense of the Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Alpha Ep- Buckeye team, provided the opposisilon. tion for the vaisity during the Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa tough sciimmage which climaxed Psi. the aftei'noon’s activities, j.s.d.
Tau Epsilon Phi vs. phi Kappa. Delta Tau Delta vs. Alpha Chi
Rho.
Kappa Delta Rho vs. Delta Upsilon. - - -
518 Main St.
Phone 5036
Open-wbi-dowtype—• from-fLSOL
It i\ill oulwedi any billfold you ever owned, lieeaube it’s made without '.tiuhes. Ci.mi it lull — a Buxloii “Stittbless” won’t lose its shape. And on “light” days, it eontiaclg to oiigin.il shmnesb. Piiccd lioni $2.00 in a wide choice of stunning, duiable leatheis.
Win A Free Plane Trip to ane of the Famons New Year’s Bowl Games Come by today and get your entry blank and full details. You can win a round-trip plana ticket to any of the Bowl Games next January 1 —and two tickets to the game, No strings—^it’s easy! SHOES FOR MEN Some styles Higher B & W SHOE CO. 127 N. 4th Street
CHEMISE - VESTS - BRIEFS SHORTS - PANTIES Featuring the finest fabrics ever to be used in garments at this price. ^Better tailoring^including turned and rein*< forced seams. Panties have fitted reinforced crotch and guaranteed elastic. Easy to wash—easy to pactc.^ THIEME & WAUGERIK CO. 622-626 Main Street
Juniors May Reserve Football Seats Today For Two Home Games
Today is the last day for juniors to call at th^ ticket office in the Fieldhouse for theii tickets to the Iowa and Michigan State football games, accoiding to C. S. Doan, ticket manager. Sophomoies may call for their reset ved seat tickets Monday and Tuesday, October 13 and 14, and the fieshmen may pick up their tickets on the following Wednesday and Thuisday, October 15 and 16. Coupons Must Be Signed In ordei to exchange the coupons for reseived seats for the two games, the coupons must be properly signed by the student to whom the passport was issued and Doan has lequested that students sign then coupons m advance in Older to save time at the ticket window in the Fieldhouse. Block 01 dels foi tickets can be obtained without difficulty as long as the combined coupons are all of the same class. If the block oiders contain coupons of different classes, the order can only be filled in the lowest classification of the coupons represented. d.e.b. WAA Riflery Confimiet Call-Out For AH Coeds WAA lifleiy call-out will continue thioughout the week of Oct. 13. All gals are eligible to shoot. Rifles and ammunition are furnished flee. Intiamuial, inteiclass and intercollegiate meets will be held during the semestei. Gals will shoot every half horn by houses or wards on Monday through Thuisday fiom 6:30 to 8:30 p. m. a.m.p.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS iSm tA.-j
-C - W -LAFAYETTE iflsintaL LIBRARY latest books - 6ES! AUVriORS 1c PER DAY - lOc MINIMUMAgridillDre Students, i y Invited To Attend l^icnic Today At 4:30
WAA Oct 0
No cmncil
All agricultural freshmen, students majoring in farm manage-
Went, and farm management staff un“or"piei.^e don t
members are urged to attend the annual farni management picnic V^hlch will be held this afternoon at 4:30 at the Dean’s cow pasture
on the University farm. Program Included Also
Besides a picnic supper, a program including games, stunts, inti oduction of faculty membeis and a short meeting has been aiianged by the committee in chaige The farm management department arranges this picnic eveiy yeai as a place where students interested in farm management may get bettet
acquainted
Tickets are twenty-five cents and may be obtained fiom student tick dt selleis who aie coveimg the campus or fionji faim management instructors In case of bad weathei the picnic will be held in the judg ing pavilion on the University farm
deb
AIMEs MeeMnK Thursday, Oct 0. Jn Iroom 268 ot the llmon at 7 80 p ^ m Election oC treasurer Brinpr dues
‘ —STARKEY
Glider Club" Open meeting Thursday Oct 0 at 7 p w in room 304 ot the Union All now members and applicants urKed to attend —OAt I EE Phi Uamlida Upsilon W T VokIh will speak at the mccling Thuisdnj Ocl 9 in room 106 ot the Chemistry builrtiPK
Keys and shingles are here
—BRANNER
Alpha 7cln Very impmUint meeting Thursda\ at 7 00 p ni in Room 2(i‘) of the
miss —SWAIM
Pi Tau Sigma Pledge meeting Eri 1 ly October 10 at I pm in the reading loom of the Mechanical rngintciing Building
—GLOOK
Aclmtics Bureau Cimpillsoiy meeting for all wirktrs an 1 Jim Wallcy Ihui^sday October 1 at the Bureau oltico Bi there I
—SHORNSTLIN
meeting Thursday —PIDGEON
BIndent Senate* Senior hoard fneeting 111 senate office Thursday, October 9, at 4 p m
—DIDOS
ASCE Met ting Thursday October 9 at 7 80 p m in the lecture room of the Michael Golden Shops —TRUITT Ag Education Society Meeting Thursday October 9, at 7 30 p m in room 803 of the Union —CONRAB Reamer Club Actives and pledges leave coupons for Iowa and Michigan State pames in my box in Exponent office as soon as possible —RUl FNER Piirduc Christian Poimdation Roundup Everybody who planned to come to th^ roundup last Siturday is invittd to come this Satuiday Oct 11 leaving IJl S Grant at 1 p m Bung anyone intoibsted A fee of 30c will ho charged —RIGGS Distinguished Gun Squad Competition for 157 MM Howitzer All iiiniors are eligible for entrance Squsdb will consist of two juniors and nine bophomorcs Juniors desiring to enter squads present entries to Lt Bium in instructors room pi 101 t( 4 p m Oct 16 1941
Practice for squads will talcic place two hours a week over a slx-wfeek period Reference. Military Department Handbook
—ANTRIM
Archery Club* Meeting on Monday at 4 IB p m in room 194 of the Pieldhouse
—JAMES
WAA Specdball Practice Thursday Oct 0 at 4 p m on the field Sign up for teams in Memorial Gym —GALBRAITH Union Sophomores All members ot the browsing room committee please meet in the Union office at 4 p ih on Thuisday Oct 9 —HUDSON Pistol Team Tryouts The following listed students from the Ist novice Pistol group are asked to report to the Armory Monday October 13 at 4 p m to try out for the varsity pistol team
Baldwin J , Buheler, J E , Pfeundlleh, Chtaese Studenis* Recent movies ojE G i Hehenstreet W , Heckard, D C , Hill, China will be shown at a meeting of the
..Simpsoji-Smith • Radio Review What do jou suppose is going to happen tonight’ Well, for one thing, George Bums and Giacic Allen aie leturning to the air foi then season’s senes, with a new announcei That’s about all the change made in the cast, Paul Whiteman has been signed for the music diiectoi So we won’t say anything moie, except “Listen at 6 15 p m over WLW ” WAAF 950 NBC The Ford Sunday Evening Houi IS a lather populai piogiam, con sideling the calibei of music it piesents Not that we mean to saj that people don’t like classical music, but most shows of that soit aie lucky to have an audience at all, not so this one' Five thousand spectators fill the Masonic Temple in Detroit once a week to see the Ford piogram broadcast, and, suiprisingly enough, they take picas ui e in participating in the evening’s music When Sir Thomas Beacham diiected the Foid Symphony, ho waved his baton (liiectly at the listeners in the hall when the time came to sing the closing hymn The audience is coached foi a few minutes bcfoie the piogiam goes on the air, and if you have listened to them you have noticed that the singing is fai from bad Maybe these audience participation programs aien’t so bad, aftei all But in case you’re consideiing attend mg the above mentioned progiam, just remember that ticket leseiva tions sometimes lun as much as SIX weeks in advance If that isn’t populaiity, what is it’ PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Classified Ads
L'»st Tinnch coat Lost at Kappa Gamm i house Friday Red plait iinmj, Notify Car ohne Haines W R H North
Typewriters—Adding machines all makes iold rented repaired and purchased Mim eograph and muttigraph work done C J Eberbhoff 60o Mam Phone 2779 Lafayette Money to Loan on anything of value Alberts Loan Office I awnbrokerb and JewelrB 407 Columbia St Student Earn extra money in youi spare t»nie No waitii g for commissior s See Gordon Bootner Olari Mills Studio 215 State St Lost Blue lillftld at loms or on cam pub Change but valuable rerb nil paj ers including Ohio driver b licenbc I hone Ruth 66214 Girls Have stopped playing hard to get Will accept date for G Id Diggers ball Aj pheants call Ask for Sandy
Notices
C E 41 (Hydrauliis) An examination for the removal of C md I giadeb will be held from 1 to 4 Satui lay Oetibcr 11 in room 125 He^ilon Hall 1 ermisbion to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned prior to Oetjb r ) —r W GRLVE Modern Dance Riaetites will be held on Monday Wednesday and liiday at 4 and on Tuebday at 7 m the gym —SI RBAN Novice Pistol Students desiring t hre in the thud novice j ist 1 groui starting TuCbday Oct 21 mav bign ui in the sur pjy room of the aimoiy now —BROWN Exponent Freshmen New m n arc as Signed to work as follows Wanrg and Goode Wednesday —RyrrVJ R WAA Hockey practiccb every Monel ly Wednesday and Friday at 4 j m Six practices reeiuired for team digit ilily There is still tiirc to rnak the team (10 7) HARRJbON
Here’s a moccasin with real merit . .r. Pliant Hunter Calfskin , , , Double Soles. * '
$
7
WORN WITH PRIDE BY MILLIONS A. B. C. Shoe Co.^ Inc. X-RAY FITTING 406 Main St. Phone 2001
O R , Humtnei R P Kramer, R N Larson, R L McCoy, R K , McCullough, G Mason, R L Rcnaberger, J R Scantland G F Singleton V L Taylor, W H Vanderbrouck A L Vonnegut W A Wade M W Williams B J , Wil-
liams, C D and Winters W C
—BROWN
WAA RiBcry Call out Monday Oct 13 to Thursday Oct 16 Schedule for houses IS posted in gym —CURRY Thomas Say Entomology Society 1 Meeting Thursday Oct 9 m Agricultural Hall loom 104 7 40 p m All who arc interested art invited —RIOHMAN Pistol Team All members of last year s pistol team please report to the Armory Monday October 13 at 4 p m
—BROWN
Chinese Student s Club, Friday, Oct 10, ot 7 p m in the west fficulty lounge in the Union Refreshments will be perved
—LIU
Freshmen Women In Physical Ed Classes* Meet in Itcturc loom in Biology Building for lecture Thursday at 4 p m or Friday at 8 p ta —HA7ELTON
Hager WllHama Clubs, Slqatlng parM** Friday, Oct 19 Meet at church at 8 p m. Ti'ansportation furnished be ser't^ed Cost Is 2Bc ARTMAN Roger WiniBmB Club* F/ease note n^ew routine In Sunday evening program Fifteen cent lunch will be served at 5 40 p m and social hour will be at 6 p m Discussion hour starts at 6 80 p m —ARTMAN
A Menu Necessity Fall and winter menus are not complete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you will say they can not be beat. City Meat and Poultry
Ferry Street (Opposite Post Office)
Phone 5372
Pay ATTEIVTIDIV to AIVIVE’S ADMIRABLE ADVIEE
m eeaie
Have Your Clothes Sanitoned Regularly YOU will look better THEY will last longer AMERICAN lAUNDRf
132 Northwestern Ave.
Phone 7278
Jit.
Bfsm
for'utmost service to the Nation In those critical , ital part in defense. h\is how the Bell System IS orgamzed to meet its gS^responsihdity. American Tolephon, and Telegraph Campany coordinates all system oolmties, adv.sos on telephone operation, seaiches (or impioved methods. 24 ossociated operating companies provide telephone service in their respective tciiitoiies. long Lines Deportment of A. T. & T. mlerconiiccts the 21 operating companies, handles Long Diblaucc sind oveibcab seivice. Bell Telephone Laboratories carries on scientific itsearth and development for the bystem. Western Electric is the manufacturing, purchasing and disti ibutiug unit. Highly named thiough many years of working together, these Bell System coinpanies provide a nation-wide, unified service. Never have the henefits of thrs system been so elear as today ^hen the country rs under pressure.
SUITS ■n WORSTEDS CLIPPER TWEEDS SHETLANDS HARDY CHEVIOTS CROCODILE TWISTS DRAPE AND CONSERVATIVE MODELS
NEW FALL CLOTHES Show you've got the confident spirrt of the U. S. A.l Step out in Clipper Cruft Clothes, from our farge new assortments. You too wifl agree with the milhons of men who say Clipper Craft Clothes are worth about $10 moie than our moderate prices. This is important, especially now, when you should KNOW what you're getting lor every dollar you spend. These values are possible only because we're joined with 617 other leading stores under the nationally famous CLIPPER CRAFT PLAN, to keep quality UP and prices DOWN by giving you every economy of huge purchasing power and scientifically planned production. Of course, you are assured of friendly personalized service. Why don't you, too. Dress Bettor Today —the CLIPPER CRAFT WAY!
TOPCOAtk m COVERT CLIPPER TWEEDS GANADO MILITARY TWILL FLY FRONTS BOX COATS RAGLANS
Ask about our Budget Plan