This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
THUHSDAY April 1, 1938 Lo&iyette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 147
I’
Street Car Runs Wild
Bandleader Gordon.
Down
Hits 3 Cars
Careening madly down State Street hill, an empty street car jumped the tracks at the River Road curve at 10 o’clock last night, crashing into a Buick, a Pontiac, and a Dodge in quick succession. K. E. Steely and daughter, Marie, both living 10 miles northwest of Lafayette and riding in the Buick, were taken to Home Hospital for treatment of minor lacerations. No one else was injured. The unmanned street car struck the Buick first, just after the auto turned west from River Road and started up the hill.
Sees Trolley Coming
George Maileth, Gary, driver of the Pontiac coach, saw the street car approaching as he w’as parked at the stoplight on State, facing the hill. Maileth threw his machine into reverse, but was overtaken and struck by the trolley, which spun
his machine around.
An instant later, the sti'eet car hit a Dodge coupe driven by Robeit J. Kerkhoff, Romney, as it was com-
ing west on State. Crashes Into Pole
The trolley finished its path of destruction by Clashing into a pole in front of the Shell station on Main. The street cai escaped from the top of the hill, neai Wimpy’s grill. D. McKinzie, motorman, stepped out to watch oveihead wires which had fallen behind his car just as he leached that point. When the ciiCLiit bleaker on this section of the line turned off the cuiieiit, air was released from the compressed aii chamber for the brakes, releasing them. The riderless trolley then left on its downhill journey. Palling of overhead wires in the village on the south track was attributed to cold and wind, causing excess loading on them. Street-car service to the East Side was suspended immediately, but was
Band Will Give Special Program Easter Snnday Tschaikowsky’s complete Fifth Symphony, arranged especially for the instrumentation of the Univeisity Band, will be featured on the band’s Easter Sunday concert. Prof. P. S. Emrick has been supervising his advanced harmony students in aiianging the foui movements of this intricate composition. Cadet Lt. H. Y. Hunsicker ailanged the last two movements of the symphony. This work took him two yeai s. Since then Cadet Lt. C. G. Bigelow, concert meister of the band. Cadet Sgt. C. A. Heidbreder, and several others transcribed and completed the arrangements for the
first two movements.
The band’s Christmas concert was postponed this year, pending arlangement of the Fifth Symphony. Marches and popular overtures will be included on the Easter concert, which will be given in the Jefferson
High School gym.
Personnel Workers
lesumed at 11 o’clock last night.
To Convene In June f«"'t’386ra(ls
Get Scholarships
Bringing together leaders in industrial and business personnel work, a four-day Industrial Personnel Institute will be held at the University June 22 to 25, it was announced recently. Problems and methods of personnel work in small and large companies will be discLu ed at the conference. A piogiam IS being planned by a committee consisting of J. E. Walteis, Univeisity personnel directoi, chairman; F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president; W. A. Knapp, as--.islant dean of engineering; R. J. Gieenly, of the education department; and H. 0. Roberts of the Servel Company, Evansville. Student Groups Sponsor Pre-Easter Holy Services In commemoration of Easter, an inter - denominational communion service will be held Palm Sunday April 10 in the West Lafayette Baptist Church by the student members of the Religious Council. Various musical organizations, the YWCA, and the University religious convocation committee are also cooperating with the Religious Council in planning the Easter program which will include the offering of communion to all those wishing to partake of the Holy Sacraments. This service is the initial step in a series of Holy Week commemorations which will be given daily at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union during the pre-Easter week by various church groups. Kappa Delta Rho • •. . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: J. R. Storms, Buffalo, N. Y.; A. D. Steel, Gary; R. Tibbetts, Jr., Union City; T. J. Hutchison, Mishawaka; A. A. Yankowski, Staten Island, N.
Y.
Exponent' Board Exponent’s electoral board—senior officers and faculty advisers— will meet in the Agricultural Experiment Station conference room promptly at 4:45 p. m. today. —MANION.
Tony Sarg Brings Puppets, Chalk Talk Tonight For Year's Last Lecture Convo
Foul members of the 1938 class m the school of science have already leceived scholarships oi appointments to other colleges. Miss Marian Jones, Shelbyville, has received a scholarship in medical bacteriology at the University of Wisconsin. C. M. Kirkpatrick, Greensburg, will be an assistant in zoology during the coming year at the same institution. James McClintock, Lafayette, has a scholarship at Rush Medical College, Chicago. Edward Novitski, Wilkes-Barre, Pa., will do advanced woik through a scholarship from the California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, Cal. Novitski has attended Purdue for only two years, but will have completed four years’ work in June. Philatelists Show Stamps In Union; $5000 On Display “This year’s exhibit is not quite twice as large as last year’s showing,” said D. C. Conner, manager of the stamp exhibit being held in the reception room of the Union Building today and tomorrow. Sponsored by the Lafayette Philatelic Society, this first of the semi-annual exhibits contains stamps valued at $5,000. Stamps valued at costs varying from two cents to $1,500 are shown as a part of the 5,000 issues displayed. Almost all of the United States issues are on display, and a large number of the commemorative covers ai’e being shown. Local People Own Issues All issues on exhibit belong to local people, including some University students. Due to inclement weather, attendance yesterday was small, however, it was stated by Mr. Conner that about a 1000 people had visited the exhibit. Some of these visitors took part in a stamp “bourse” held in connection with the exhibition. The “bourse” which is merely the philatelist’s technical term for trading or buying and selling stamps, seemed to be the most populated part of the exhibit. The display Will be open today either in the reception room from 8 a. m. to 2 p. m., or in room F all day.
. . . will bring his tick-tock rhythm to the University tomorrow night for the third annual Union Cabaret formal dance in the ballroom from 9 until 1 o’clock. Gordon will come here directly from the Merry Garden ballroom in Chicago. Union Dance, Style Show Will Feature Gray Gordon's Band Plenty of tickets still remain for the third annual Union Cabaret formal dance tomorrow night, W. K. Millholland, Union vice-president, leported last night. The dance will last from 9 until 1 o’clock m the Union ballroom, the co-eds being granted 1:30 houi.s by WSGA. Tickets priced at $2.00 will be sold today from 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. at the main Union desk and at a special desk in the lobby from 4 to 5:30. Gray Gordon and his orchestra, featuring tick-tock rhythm, will come from the Merry Garden Ballroom in Chicago to play for the dance. Betty and Shirley Lane and Curley Van are featured vocalists with the orchestra. Get Cabaret Effect Tables will be placed around the edge of the ballroom to give the effect of a cabaret. Free soft drinks will be served, and corsages made of sweet peas and roses will be placed at the tables. Reservations should be made foi tables when purchasing tickets. Styles, modeled by eds and coeds, will be featured at the dance at 10:30. Clothes from Gulhon’s Geisler’s, Baltimoie Clothes Shop, and Loeb & Hene’s will be shown. Stratton To Discuss Etiquette Problems Dean Dorothy Stratton will help solve puzzling etiquette problems for co-eds at the YWCA mass meeting today at 4 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. A survey of campus sororities, fraternities, WRH, and the rooming houses, made by the Dean’s office, will providg material for the discussion. Mary Alice Learning and Dorothy Coan, in charge of the meeting, have invited all interested co-eds to attend.
Scouting Honorary To Give Spree At Ross Camp May 13 Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting honorary, will sponsor its annual Spring Spree Saturday afternoon May 13, it was announced yesterday. The outing will again be held at Ross Camp. Students will have an opportunity to win back the rope medal won by the mechanical engineering faculty last year in the tug-of-war, as this contest will again be featured. Dollar bills and other money will be hidden for a treasure hunt at the Spring Spree. Supper cooked at the camp will be included in the ticket price of 50 cents, tickets being sold by membeis of the scouting honoiaiy. The tianspoitation will be furnished to and from Ross Camp in cars and busses. C. W. Spicer To Speak At April SAE Meeting C. W. Spicer, national president of the Society of Automotive Engineers, will be the speaker at the Society’s April meeting to be held at the University on April 12. Indiana section members of the society will be present for the talk. Spicer will speak on “New Firing Lines for Engineers” at a banquet in the Union ballroom at 6:15 p. m. Other prominent engineers will also speak at the banquet. Tickets for the dinnei' may be obtained from any member of the society or at Prof. H. M. Jacklin’s office in the Mechanical Engineering Building. Boys' Choir To Present Easier Cantata Sunday “The Crucifixion,” an Easter cantata by St. John Stainer, will be piesented by the St. John’s Boys’ Choii in the ballroom of the Memoiial Union Building Sunday at 4 p. m. The choir which is from St. John’s Episcopal Church of Lafayette is directed by I. W. Metzgei. Solo paits in the cantata being given in honor of Palm Sunday will be sung by Prof. L. W. LaBree, Prof. H. G. Venemann, and Assistant Dean of Men Fred I. Goldsmith. Alpha Chi Rho . . . . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Harley Wheelei', San Antonio, Tex.
Purdue Glider Club Members Break Soaring Records During Vacation
By A1 Yates Going up! And how! Those Purdue boys went up and stayed up in their glider long enough to unofficially break two records last week. As a matter of fact, the ship was kept up for two hours and forty minutes. To get down to earth, here’s what happened. Ten members of the Purdue Glider Club freighted their soaring ship to the shores of Lake Michigan at Higman Park, Mich. The South Bend Glider Club also had a ship there to see if it could do a little record breaking, too. The University boys appeared on the beach Sunday, March 27, and tried to take off, but the wind currents were not suitable for soaring. Pilots Moore and Buell watchfully waited until the following Thursday before they found the proper “up currents” arising from the shores. On March 22 they made what is thought by club members to be the world record for altitude in such a glider. Using 6,000 feet of steel
Tony Sarg, marionette creator, will present a varied show for the last lecture convocation of the year tonight at 8 o'clock in Memorial Gymnasium. He calls his program “An Hour With Tony Sarg” and presents his wares in that time. (Fifteen minutes of the program will be a lecture about his personal experiences during his many years as a marionette creator and illustrator. Another quarter of the program will be devoted to an explanation of several puppets. A chalk talk and a skit by Tony Sarg personally will fill the remaining half of the " convocation program.
cable and a gasoline powered winch. Bob Buell was carried aloft 1,800 feet. Thursday afternoon several more flights were made and another record for this part of the country was broken. Web Moore, club president, and pilot of the ship, with Craig Miller as passenger, stayed aloft in the Purdue two-place ship for one hour and forty minutes after two attempts and a half-mile tow. Moore made another flight by himself and remained aloft two hours and forty minutes. Clem Luebker of the South Bend Club covered a little more distance but didn’t stay up as long as the University flyers. Clem’s flight lasted only two hours and fifteen minutes but he flew up and down the beach about 12 miles. According to club members there was quite an audience watching the activities throughout the week, and Thursday the grade schools of Benton Harbor were closed in order that pupils might watch the flights.
Harding To Talk At Power Confab Several University men are scheduled to take part in the reorganized Midwest Power Conference which will be held in Chicago, 111., April 13 to 15 at Armour Institute of Technology. Included on the three-day program are talks by Dr. C. F. Haiding, head of the school of electrical engineering. Dr. G. A. Hawkins, research associate on high pressure steam developments, and M. J. Zucrow, consulting engineer on the measurement of the flow of liquids in pipes, formerly a member of the University staff. “Power Plant Valuation” Harding will discuss the “Practical Issues Involved in the Valuation of Power Plants.” Also included on the program is a discussion on “Metals” by T. C. Poulter, formerly of Crawfordsville and now executive director, research foundation of the Armour Institute. Dean A. A. Potter, head of the engineering schools, is a member of the general committee which planned the conference. The purpose of the meeting is to offer an opportunity to all persons interested in power production, transmission or consumption to meet together annually for the study of mutual problems. Playshop Sponsors Model Plane Contest In connection’ with its next production, “Ceiling Zero,” Playshop is sponsoring a model airplane contest open to University and high school students. Sixteen awards will be made by a special committee to entrants who submit models judged the best. Entries in the contest will be received at the south entrance of Eliza Fowler Hall on Saturday, April 16, and the winning models will be displayed on the main floor of the Memorial Union Building Sunday, April 17. Later in the week the planes will be exhibited in Decker’s windows in Lafayette. A complete set ol rules tor the contest may be obtained this week at Eliza Fowler Hall, the Union, and West Lafayette and Lafayette high schools. Two plane rides at the University airport will be awarded to the University student winning first place, and the winning high school stqdent will receive one ride. Other prizes will be tickets to “Ceiling Zero” and model airplane construction kits. Tickets to “Ceiling Zero,” a melodrama of the airways, may be reserved by mail order now at the box office in Fowler Hall. Box office ticket sale will begin next Tuesday. Dean Stratton To Speak At Purdue Dads’* Meeting Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton left for Chicago, 111., yesterday to speak at the Purdue Dads’ Association, which is holding a meeting there Saturday. She will speak on “The Women's Program at Purdue.”
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Snow in central and north portions, rain in extreme southern poi’tion. Colder in southern portion today. Toiuoitow generally fair, continued cold. Local Temperatures: Low, 31; high, 41; mean, 36.
Born in Guatemala, Central America, and educated in a military school in Gei-many, Tony Sarg entered the German army, in which he became an officer. He left the army in 1905 and went to London, where he embarked on a career as an artist. Nearly starving as an artist, he gave this up and began working with marionettes. He came to the United States in 1915 and soon became a citizen here. Sarg continued in his career creating marionettes; and he also began Tony Sarg will be guest of honor after the convocation tonight, at a reception in the main lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The reception is open to students and faculty, and refreshments will be served. drawing humorous illustrations for magazines; designing textiles, pottery, wall papers, rugs, and furniture for children; and writing books for children. Married and with one daughter, Tony Sarg lives in New York City and has his studio there. His daughter is also interested in puppets. Home Ec Seniors Tour In Chicago Senior women of the home economics school in the child development class were in Chicago Monday and Tuesday on an inspection trip. They were accompanied by Professor Laura Partch, head of the nursery school, and Miss Helen Duff, assistant. The group visited the Juvenile Detention Home, Juvenile Court, Cook County Hospital (children’s division), Spaulding School, Mary Crane Nursery School, the Well-Baby Clinic, and Hull House. Take Vacation Trip Another inspection trip tour for senior home economics women of the institution management department was conducted by Miss Edith Gamble, head of the department. This field trip was made during spring vacation. Visits were made to the Railton Wholesale House, Carson Pirie Scott and Company’s kitchen and tearoom, Harding’s Restaurant, the University of Chicago residence halls, and the South Water Market. Co-eds Model Gay Colored Frocks In McCall Style Show Gay' colors, zippers, and tricky jackets characterized the variety of frocks in the style show given by Miss Charlotte Tonis in the Home Economics auditorium Triesday afternoon. Miss Tonis is a representative of the McCall Coi’poration, of New York City. The 22 dresses all made from McCall patterns were modeled by co-eds chosen by Miss Tonis from the home economics classes. Show Dresses School, street, and evening dresses and sports and beach outfits were shown with accessories from Loeb and Hene’s, Lafayette merchants. The climax of these fashions was the shown.g of a diminutive light blue taffeta evening gown designed aftei the original Snow White costume by Barbara DePew., Pi-of. Marian Willoughby, of the clothing and textiles department, was in charge of the arrangements for this show.4
4,
WBiPipiiW
"■PflTOMP
EdihfiuiL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Kunufi.
Thursday, April 7, 1938
Give “Of Thee I Smg” Cast a Break Deal Editoi In past veils it has been customaiv foi the campus musicals to give the cast of the all Unneisitt sho'w a banquet 01 some foim of entertainment such as a fi ee mixei Hovc\ei this veai a nci\ svstem was installed, a boaid of contiol was cieated and gnen \aiious duties one being to divide what piofits might 1 esult fiom the pi oduction
Of Hut I “^ing cleaied ap proximatelv $220 and at a meeting of the boaid i1 mas pioposcd that the piofit bt ‘split thiee ^\a^s and equal paits being taken by each Pla^sh-lp Memoi lal Lnion and the niUMcal 01 ^anizations The cast Inch had some 'small pait in mak ing the ‘shoii a success iias almost coinpkteh f01 gotten A few membeis of the boaid did belieit that the cast should get some soit of a leiiaid and as a 1 esult of the folloiiing aigument it iias pio posed that each 01 ganization donate $15 foi some foim of enteitainment But 11 hat soit of enteitainment can be piovided 111th $45 foi the almost 200 students iiho contiibuted time and elf011 ton aid the success of the show ’ Being engineeis bv lapid math ematical calculation iie discoveied that each 01 ganization would le ceive about $55 aftei it had so gia ciously donated its $15 We do by no means wish to imply that these diiectois have a gieedy desiie to fuithei then own oi ganization by the iiork of students who aie sup posed to lepiesent the entiie Uni veisity Fai fiom that, we aie just
iiondciing 11 hy anyone should make anv piofit It is tiue that the vaiious diiec tois put in long houis and haid la boi on “Of Thee I Sing,” but did not the cast w 01 k just as hai d Did the membeis of the cast spend then time to pi oduce i evenue foi the Union 01 Playshop oi the musical 01 ganizations We don t believe that this was undeistood befoie the leheaisals veie staited We believe it was thought that some soit of lewaid ■would be given, still at the fiist meeting aftei the show was pie seiited the boaid entnely foi got the cast The membeis weie given a pat on the back — a cheeiy Woid of thanks—and the “poweis that be’ split the giavy Nice people' “Of Thee I Sing” was put on by the students foi the entertainment of the students and foi a few pub he visitois It seems only just that the cast should be piovided with leasonable enteitainment foi them selves Dave Thompson, ME ’38 Keith Kirkpatrick, ChE ’39
collegiate
Rufus has had few educational advantages, but he does business in and aiound halls of learning and likes to out«niait his customeis Rufus IS a Negio shoeshine boy ■who makes the lounds of Umveisity of Alabama doiniitoiies While he IS polishing shoes he chattels con stantly and finally inquires artlessly uhat his customei’s home state is Whatevei the answer, he then asks, “How many states is dey m dis countiy anyway—-’bout 26’ Then “Wondei how many I could call ’—Alabama, Jawjuh Loosiana, lemme see now ’ (time out foi head sciatchmg jaw lubbing and othei indications of painful concentia tion) “Mobile New Hamshican De tioit, Tennessee ” After this build-up, when his vie tim-to-be IS enjoying the expeiience tremendously, Rufus dangles his bait temptingly “Say mistuh, bet cha I could call bout 10 in five min utes ” The offei geneially lesults in a wagei of from 25 cents to 50 cents on what the student legards as a “cinch” pioposition As soon as the stakes aie m the hands of a disintei ested holdei, Ru fus diops his mask of ignorance lattles off the names of 25 oi 30 states, pockets his winnings and whistles off to greenei pastuies ^ ^ ^ if. The newest kind of collegiantic partj IS the one held a couple of weeks ago by University of Missouii jouinalism students It was a “Revelry on Rails”— and was a foimal affaii staged on a moving Wabash R R tiain Guests weie piovided with yaid long tick ets coveiing passage and stop oveis in each of the seveial atti actions offered in the cars of the special tiain Aftei tia\eling and pai tying foi five hours, guests found that they hadn’t been outside the city limits' ♦ ♦ «ic ♦ The nation’s laigest college wind tunnel is now being completed in the University of Minnesota laboratories It’ll make a 160-mile “slight breeze ” * ♦ ♦ * Los Angeles Junior College has just completed aiiangements foi the shipment of 100 pounds of human organs for its life science museum if if if if The League of American Writers IS offering $1,000 in prizes to college students for essays on the Spanish conflict
University of Pittsburgh students ate now working on their second all campus movie
Camera Club To Hear Leica Han Ml Heinz diiect lepiesentative of the Leica Cameia Co wil give a demonstiation of Leica Gameias at the Cameia Club meeting tonight at 7 15 p in in the leception i oom of the Union The demonsti ation will include an explanation ot the equipment that is common with this camei a A full category of lenses and lens at tachments such as used on tele photo and wide angle lenses, will be 'ihown along with samples of the work showing the standaid of work capable of thi"; cameia Phi Kippa Tau... social fiateinity announces the initiation of the following men G R Scheibel Wilmette 111 C A Stewart, Westfield N J L M Hin iichs Wmnetka, 111 , J C Deal Coronado Beach Fla , H M Tom lin Galveston Tex , C J Ridgeway Wabash R D Hultgien Wilmette 111 , F P Caldwell Lombaid 111 K K Danton Wateiloo la , J W Flett, Rivei Forest 111 H W My ei Wilmette, 111
MARS
MONTGOMERY » Virginia BRUCE iksTmsr
WARREN WILLIAM • BINNIE BARNES ITS THE WOMAN WHO PAYS the alimon'*'.. as MGM hits a new high in day romantic hilarity |
they’re the toughestl
Company New England Mutual Life Insurance Company Representative E M Spence, Sales Manager in Indiana Arriving Thursday, April 14 to interview seniors interested in life underwriting and sales work Offering Training program of one veai with employee on salary basis Those interested should at tend Professor Hockema’s class in salesmanship at 7 o’clock Thuisday morning, Apiil 14, in loom 207, ME Building Mi Spence will talk to this class
Company General Electric Company, Schenectady, N Y Representative D A Hoppei of the Business Training Division Visiting Puidue Friday and Satui day, April 8 and 9 Interviewing Seniors interested in the business training couise of leied by G E He does not wish to inteiview seniors strictly in teiested in engineering Liter atnie “An Inter neship in Busi ness ’ available in department of fice Gioup Interviews Both Friday and Saturday morning at 9 o’clock in Conference loom in Executive Building
Company Lafayette Life Insuiance Company Lafayette, Ind Interviewing All seniois interested in life insurance as a caieei Date Saturday Apiil 9 Monday Apiil 11 Those intei ested in this company should sign up in the mam office of then school Civil Service Commission Announces Nine Jobs Open Accoiding to an announcement made yesteiday by United States Civil Service Commission, there aie nine piesent junioi scientist posi tions vacant with open competition foi the jobs to be held m the neai lutuie Positions open aie jumoi agion omist junioi animal fiber technolo ,^ist junioi 111 animal nutrition jun 101 biologist (wildlife leseaich) junior entomologist, junioi ento mological inspector junioi plant pathological mspectoi junioi poul try physiologist, and junioi soil sui veyoi The entrance salary IS $2 000 a yeai Applicants must have completed a foul year college couise with studies m the field m which they may make application Under pertain condi tions applications will be accepted from senior students Information may be obtained from Andiew C Loges secietaiy of the U S Civil Service Boaid of Exammeis at the Washington D C Postoffice
Louise Bam Ed Korty Dick Craig Jim Shoemaker Tevie Spencer Tom Sheets Beai Greve Elmei Heller
Snow White “Doc ’ ‘Sleepy” “Dopey” “Happy “Snee/y “Grumpy ‘ Bashful’
We can t complete the cast be cause we don’t think Closson meas uics up to the standards of the chaimmg Piince PEG LITTLE must have mighty little to do if the best she can do is get TWO fraternity pins She recently ac quiied Delt Holstein’s but already had and still has one fiom an Ohio State FIGAM She s a soph aeionautical and she s flym high
BUT SHE’S due for a crash
WE HOPE'
IF YOUR PROl mteiiupts your nap m class to ask you a question here are some good ans\\eis 1 I’m sorry, but I’m studying for another course 2 Excuse me. I’ll do mj sleep
The Eight Stf'Ie In the Eight Size
^ / SHOES FOR MEM
Our Jarman Shoes give you more than smart styling — we fit them to your foot, with expert care, m the right size and width . . . Come in and look them over Agents for Bostonians at $7.50 Fortune at $4.00 B &W Shoe Co. 121 N. 4th St.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
DON’T MENTION serenading to the Kappas if you want to keep your native serenity, because the word doesn’t hit them light these days En masse the KKG’s went out the other night to serenade a recently married sister AND STOPPED UNDER THE WRONG WINDOW OF THE WRONG HOUSE PRIZE FOR being facetiously demure goes to Piom committee woman Martha Whitehead, who, when grilled with other pledges by Gold Pepper ac tives shriveled up, wrung her hands and bleated “I des I’se jus a measly wittle pwedge ’ VND THEN theie’s the Puidue dad who sent a wiie to his daughter “Get me a room for Gala Week but don’t ex pect to see me when I come it’s mv 1 eunion
SNOW WHITE and her seven dwarfs have been on the campus for some time In case you didn’t know, they aie
“What a marvelous Uip' Srioto a ested inovntains, rippling streams, forests primeval, silvery lakes—but the beauty of it all was I got 19 miles to the gallon'”
mg at home next time 3 Dammit 4 Multiplj it by the squaie root of three' (This is for use only in FE 20 courses) 5 Shucks b I’m soirj I didn t heai join question but won t you join me in a little nap’
IH \I S \I I theie am t no moi e
Acacia Elects Acacia fiateinity announces the election of the following officeis John Tayloi picsident William Gai ten vice pi esult nt William Hams secietaiy, Maiion Learning tieasuiei, and Robeit Hoith house managei
today
I SATURDAY ONLY On Our Stage CARL "Deacon" MOORE AND HIS ORCHESTRA ^ ^ r
with MARGE HUDSON Radio's Blue Bird
ARC
TODAY — FRL — SAT.
—also— P\INrED STALI ION No 4 —PLUS— Court of Human Relations RUNAWAY MARRIAGE”
can STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Also Colortour Adventure
LUHil All This Week RED-BLOODED
'adventure roaring out of the un tamed West' Romance and melodrama that keeps you d-tingle'
^ef^MacDOMLD ..^EDDf- - 'A < 1 -»”«•»■> /vV>* ^*i-\o>j‘ic*<tA4iili<ttKMfc „ .. , ,'¥
Thursday, April 7, 1938
^THE PURDUE
§h&ifA.
EXPONENT
Beta Theta Pi Wins Fraternity B' Basketball Championship
Defeat Pi Kappa Alpha Netters, 44-29; Morningstar, Gutting Lead Winners Undefeated in intramural competition for three consecutive years, the Beta Theta Pi fraternity basketball team came through again last evening to defeat the Pi Kappa Alpha net squad 44-29, and win possession of the intramural class “B” championship trophy for another year. Displaying a brilliant offensive “ attack, the Beta team obtained an the game was marked by considerearly lead and were never seriously roughness, threatened at any time during the 't'he box score for the contest folcontest. The smaller Pi Kappa Al- lows. pha team displayed a fine spirit Beta (44) B. F. TP. throughout the game, and through Morningstar 7 1 15 sheer fight alone were able to hold Powell 0 0 0 the score to 17-10 at the half. Winchell 2 1 Krause 10 2 Score on ‘Sleeper Plays’ Shackleton 0 0 0 In the final period both teams Gutting 8 0 16 were able to hit the basket much Tuhey 2 2 6 better, and play during this time 77 was marked by considerable scoring Total - 20 on “sleeper plays” and fast breaking I i K. A. . ' offensive ■ drives. The smaller Pi Spencei 0 Kappa Alpha team, outweighed 20 Herringla ie 10 2 pounds to a man, was unable to Giraid 0 0 0 match the Beta under the basket Biemer 12 4 work, however, and Morningstar Giady 0 0 0 and Gutting were able to score with Baitling 5 3 13 comparative ease. ' Total 12 5 29 Spencer and Bartling were the chief offensive threats for the Pi .. ' '. Kappa Alpha’s, while Bremer sue- pATPnivrTVP' ceeded in playing a fine defensive game breaking up the Beta play EXPONENT time after time. Morningstar, Powell, Winchell, Krause and Shackle- ADVERTISERS ton on the Beta team and Bremer on the Pi Kappa Alpha team were members of the 1937 grid squad and They make this paper possible
CHOCOLATE FUNDGE MONDAY A Chocolate Fudge Sundae and a Chocolate Soda lOc Deliciousl 10c F. W. WOOLWORTH
The Snail doesn’t have to hurry—
but students are not as
fortunate.
The
Union Cafeteria serves wholesome, tasty meals. When you are pressed for time, you will appreciate the two fast moving lines with our quick, courteous service. You can save time when you eat in the Union.
JhsL fiwvdusL WjmsAmL
lAnmL
Comer of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
ielder’s.... ....choice
100 Turn Out For Initial
Frosh Baseball Meeting
By Dick Obenchain
After an extended (well at least for a couple of days longer than necessary) vacation we get back into the swing of things . . . And we sure picked the un-psychological moment to talk of spring sports . . . such beautiful weather.
-fc-
The baseball squad, which has come back from its southern training trip, will open the regular season nextYuesday against Wabash . . . And Western State, the following Saturday—both games at home ... In that southern trip, Dutch Fehring has really uncovered a hitter . . . Felix Mackiewicz, taking Captain Red Breslin’s hot corner over, has really been hitting the horsehide . . . And if the sophomore can keep up his stride he will fulfill one of Fehring’s fondest prayers. —fc—
Any freshmen who are interested in baseball and did not attend^ the meeting may sign up with Doan, with Professor W. B. Sanders, or at the Fieldhouse. Professor H. G. DeKay, of the pharmacy school, will also help with the freshmen this year.
4-H Calf Club Shows 30
John David, who was considered one of the finest golfers in the Big Ten last year, will be back to burn up the links for Purdue . . . April 15 is the opening date for the golf squad, which will meet Detroit here on that date and journeys to Champaign to meet the Illini on the 25th. —fc—
The track squad will lay off this week-end and open with a meet with Michigan State April 16 . . . Illinois and the Drake Relays will be the scene of action of the Boilermakers for the following two week-ends. —fc—•
Of the 2,932 calves being fed, 2,159 are Herefords, 490 Angus, and 281 Shorthorns. Entries have been sent in from 67 counties, 'Tippecanoe county topping the list with 101 members and 232 calves.
Intramurals
The tennis squad opens against Indiana State on April 18, and Western State the 22nd . . 1 both matches are to be held at home. —fc—
WARD BASEBALL
Practice Games
The members of the swimming team, with the exception of George Wildhack, have put their trunks in mothballs for another year . . . But Dodo Wildhack is off to Columbus to try his hand at diving in the national AAU meet this week-end.
Diamond 1— Ward 2 vs. Ward 13. 2— Ward 2A vs. Ward 7. 3— Ward 9 vs. Ward 12. 4— Ward 2X vs. Ward 4. 5— Ward 7X vs. Ward lOX. 7— C. H. 4 vs. Ward 10. 8— Ward 3 vs. Cary Hall 1. 9— Cary Hall 2 vs. Ward 11. 10—Cary Hall 5 vs. Ward 5.
the Pursue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S
Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th 6r Main
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop
in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Printing
iRINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
Office Stallonety . Wedding InvlUtiont PHONE - Sel« Books, Etc., 2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRy
• Ayto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE
Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
ROGERS' RENT-A-CAR
Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St.
• Locksmith
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS
Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist
504 Main Street
LYLE E. nSHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Magazine Editor To Discuss 6-Man
Yesterday’s winter weather failed to dampen the spirits of 100 freshmen who turned out for freshman Coach “Pop” Doan’s baseball meeting. As soon as the weather clears, the yearlings will begin practice, but not before, as the Fieldhouse is taken up by the track, varsity baseball, and football teams.
Football At Clinic
swamped with letters from players, principals, and coaches. Universities havej:aken the sport dp intramurally, as well as large .schools, clubs. Scout troops, and WP.\ recreational centers.
Of special interest to many of the players an^ coaches who attend the seventh a^ual Purdue Football Clinic here tomorrow and Satui'day will be the discussions and demonstiations of six-man football under the supervision of Franklin M. Reck, managing editor of The American Boy Magazine and leading exponent of the new sport. Reck says that the game ha.« marked advantages in that it i.s fa.ster, more open, requires ball handling like basketball, is more undo - standable to the spectator, and is more fun for the players becaa.<' even a center can score.
R,eck will speak at the evening banquet in the Memorial Union Builfling, conclufiing the fir-it day of the clinic, Friday. April 8, and will •show moving pictures of six-man football plays and formations. He also will participate in round table discu.s.sion.s scheduled after the banquet and will appear on the Saturday morning program at 9 a. m. speaking on ‘‘How Six-Man Football Has Worked Its Way Into the Scholastic Program."
Mann Wins All-Campus Badminton Tournament
Per Cent Gain On Last Year
This year’s total of 1,558 Indiana Beef Calf Club members raising a total o-f 2,932 calves is the largest enrollment in the history of the club, stated J. C. Ralston, assistant slate club leader. The number of animals being fed this year show an increase 30 per cent over last year.
Interest Shown As managing editor of the .\merican Boy, Reck made an extensive tour of investigation last spring of the six-man game. Deciding that what the game needed was publicity, Reck has devoted much of his time since then to educating the public on the six-man game. His work has brought results, as he was
Jim Mann, freshman engineer defeated Don Douglas, also a fre.shman, in two straight matche-^, 15-5 and 15-10 yesterday afternoon, to win the first all-campus Badminton tournament. Both men are members of the Purdue Badminton club which is entered in the Fort Wayne, Indiana Open Amateur tournament Saturday, April 9.
THE HIGE ©N EVERY CAMPUS!
Bmm and WHITE
CTRL'S
gEADTilgC
332.Maiii St.
Lafayette, Ind.
The Finest
BASEBALLS and BASEBALL BATS at the LOWEST PRICE
All Makes of TENNIS RACKETS and TENNIS BALLS Tennis Rackets Restriing
H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE
‘ miWiililli
stoical OdA,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TloJtiatei,
Thursday# April 7# 1936
O'Shea, Hazelton Attend PE Meeting At Chicago Prof Han let E 0 Shea and Pi of Helen TV Hazelton aie attending a in^ me- of tin Mid M est Phv=iical Edui ati n ^ssociati at the Shei man iU ti I in C liic i ’'t p 1 o O 1 \ 1 I ddi ess a un the >■ ni Plnsical Fdut ion fiom tin I ii t of Vle^v if 1 Aim il h\^i mt in a panel cli c 11 --i n t imoi 1 w Fi it n 0 Sht 1 a membei of tht t lucation and pjilied psi, chol og\ t e] iitment indPiofessoi Haz tlun 1 head tf tlm \'.omen s phvsi tal t mcation depaitment
Lou Schilling To Play For Foundation Dance Lou Schilling and his orchestia will play foi the Pm due Chnstian Foundation semi foimal dance at Allen s tomoiiow night Apiil 8 fioin ) to 12 o’clock Haiold Ciipe is in chaigo of the ticket salp‘= Tickets aie on sale foi V 00 ( 1 apti ons fo the dance aie Mi and Alls A E Kemmei Pi of and Mis Fiaok HaM Pi of and Mis Flank Ki'm ^ nd Miss Una Dell Bciiy Joe Claik is chaiiman of the so cial committee PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
PEW Girls interested in a course for life saving examiners which will be con ducted by Red Cross next week April 11 to 16 should sign on bulletin board in the Women s Gymnasium (4 10) —RUSSELL
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies Multigraph and mimeograph work C F Ebershoff, 606 Main street
WAA Baseball Tryouts will be held on Thursday April 7 at 4 p m in the Worn en s Gym The intramural tournament will start Monday April 11 —MAIER
Green Potters Ticket Committee Meet ing at 4 p m Thursday April 7 in room D of the Union Important that all mem bers be present —NEWHAGEN
RENT A NEW—Royal Poitable Typewtitei by the week oi month Call 6477 Deckeis 518 20 Mam Stieet
Fraternity Presidents Council Meeting Thursday April 7 at 6 p m at Sigma Pi —WHITING
FOR RENT—Half of double fiont loom single bed, board Phone 35413
CE 62 An examination for the removal of conditions will be given Saturday April ) from 1 to 4 p m in room 206 of the Civil Engineering Building —PETTY
SHELTON The New Informal Note in Formal Summer Attire
SOMEONE—Who is wearing a dark plaid suit that doesn’t match call 4081
Notices No Not c s Ac pted After I pj
Sophomore Exponent Co eds All soph omores are asked to please spend at least one night a week in the east side Exponent office between now and elections (4 10) -PYKE
PIA Beginners Dance Class Seventh be ginncrs dance class will be given Thurs day April 7 at 4 15 p m in the Union ballroom —CLYMER
WAA Tennis Girls desiring to play in the doubles tournament must sign up in the Women s Gymnasium Friday April 8 Each waid and sprority should have at least two players Games will start next week Courts will be reseived aftei school each evening fo girls playing in the tournament WALKER
Pick up one of these new evening jackets in gen uine Palm Beach It weighs next to nothing in your hand Yet the designers have endowed this airy fabric with all the graceful softly draped smartness known to custom tailoring Shelton, with its moulded double breasted front rolling shawl collar slender waist and hips is the last syllable in lounge design If you're looking for ward to a Summer crowded with happy evenings put Shelton at the top of your wardrobe list
Palm Beach Dinner Formal . Single or Double Breasted with Black Tux Trousers . . $20
ClilTHESSIMPmC.
Exponent Juniors Sophomores Plga c sec b illctin board at cither Union or Lafay tte offiLt for important announcement con inin"' lections —MANION Glider Club Oi en meeting in room B of tl Union t 7 lo p m Thursday April 7 —MOORE 411 Campus Wrestlers Winne s in toui nimont my t tl i m tals at the ultra m ral olfi (4 )) Cl EVLTI Pi Tau Sigma F in al iledgiig at I K 1] 1 a All ha h at 30 i m on Thni I \ Al il —EICHHORN
Alpha Phi Omega Meeting Thursday eve ning April 7 at 30 p m in the Union Building Room will be announced later —WADLEIGH Eta Kappa Nu Pledges See me immedi ately Importai t ^ n 8) —HALE WAA Badminton The following games Ihuibday Apiil 7 at 4 p m J Morris vs V Roderick E Seifreb vs N Phillips J Home vs J Davison and ) Cook vs M 1 Hicl man C VMPBEI L WAA Open Baseball I netic at 1 p m Ihui lay Apiil 7 Ai y organization inter tin it ring t i ii in the mtramuial
SPECIAL DISPLAY and DEMONSTRATION of LEIGA CAMERAS and Accessories THURSDAY, APRIL 7 Mr Heinz, of E Leitz, Inc , will be in charge of the demonstrations
THE FOSTER SHOP East Side Square
Wiihout a mirror With m Sohlok Shaver you can ahava In the dark, with your •oat on, aeated In a oomfortablo •rmohadr or lying on a bed If you want, it takes the nulsano* out «f shaving. Just plug Into any alaetrie outlet. $1.00 down $1.00 a week DAME & WILSON 638 Main Street
Well Be Your Valet With an efficient economical dry cleaning service such as this, you have the equivalent of a man-servant at the smallest possible cost. One trial of our careful service will convince you of the desirability of using it at all times.
Cmm FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
tourney next week should call Elizabeth Maier oi the WAA office —MAIER
Student Bible Class meeting this week (4 8)
There wUl be no —BURBRINK
Playshop Property Committee Members and all others interested report to Fowler Hall Thursday April 7 at 4 o clock —ROBINSON
Purdue Camera Club Meeting in reception room of the Union Thursday April 7, at 7 16 p m —WEST
Reamer Actives All unsold reflectors and money for those sold must be turned in to me by next Monday night April 11 (4 9) —MATTHEWS Glider Club Work session on glider Thurs day Apiil 7 at 8 p m at airport. For transportation to airport bt at tow car gai age by 3 p m —TAYLOR
Debris Sales Staff Important meeting on Thursday Apiil 7 at 4 p m in the Debris office All salesmen be present —SIEBENTHAL
Union Workers All available workers report to Jacobson or Cabonargi in the Union ballroom any time Thursday April 7 to put up Style Show decorations Very impoi tant —CABONARGI JACOBSON
Playshop Stage Crew Stage crew mem bers and all others inteiested report in the basement of Union Thursday April 7 at 4pm —BRENMAN Women’s Pan Hellenic Conference Im poi’tant meeting Thuisday April 7 at 4 in Union Inquire at west desk as to a oom —JARRETT
WAA Tennis Doubles Those interested in the tennis doubles intramural tourney can still sign up (4 9) —WALKER. Kappa Delta Pi Report of national convo cation beginning piomptly at 7 p m Thursday April 7 in room A of the Union —BYRD
Purdue Riding Club Meeting postponed until Thursday April 14 (4 9) —SUMMERS
Purdue Christian Foundation Buy your ticket ($1 00) for the dance at Allen’s Friday April 8 from Harold Cripe —CLARK
Co ed Archery WAA irchery call out Thursday April Meeting in Miss Rus sells tffice at 4 p m —BALCOM
Union Workers Will all committees please leport in Union office Thursday April 7 at 4 p m —CROSSMAN
The New Palm Beach Suits
They’re smarter, cooler, better than evei before The latest in men’s sport backs and lounge models The newest stripes, checks, plaids and solid colors The smartest whites and the brand new Airtones Smart for campus and classroom smart for Saturday night dates smart for all next summer Easy to wash and clean shapely forever and marvelous values at
See them at your favorite clothier today, while se lections are at their best And be sure he shows you the new Palm Beach Evening Formal at ^20, and the handsome Palm Beach slacks at ^5 50
TAILORED BY GOODALL.
FROM THE GENUINE CLOTH
IF IT BEARS THIS LABEL — ITS GENUINE PALM BEACH GOODALL COMPANY* CINCINNATI
Let your body breathe in Palm Beach
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side oi Sqare *• * Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
DEWENTER’S Carry a Complete Line of PALM BEACHES 418 Main
Cool as a Breeze in April Smart as a Purdue Ed See the latest PALM BEACH Suits on display '^juUwjtL INC.