' ?> f ,'';
Hv '
r* “'
Columbia All-Stars Will Sing Sunday Igor, Gorin, Helen Olheim, Josephine Tutninia, Nino Martini To Sing Quartet, Duet Arias ' Columbia All-Star quartet will appear as the sixth scheduled convocation Sunday, January 9, at 3 p, m. in the Hall of Music. The quartet, originally scheduled a week later, is composed of Igor Gorin,.baritone; Josephine Tuminia, coloratura soprano; Nino Martini, tenor, and Helen Olheim, mezzo-soprano. Included in their program will be
Established 1889
9 , Feclinfr “Better”?
:x
Volume 56, No. 98
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, January 6, 1944
PIA Candidates State Platforms
reknowned duets, quartets and
operatic arias.
I For admittance to the Music Hall, students and service men must show passports or recreation cards. Price of single admission tickets for the general public are $1.10. There is to be no advance sale but the hall will be
open at 2:30 p. m.
According to Josephine Tuminia, Metropolitan coloratura soprano of the group, she must have a barber
lurking somewhere in her family will be open to service men as well
tree, for it is Rossini’s famous as civilians.
opera, “The Barber of Seville,” ^ovie convos were discontinued which has marked her career with because, in the change oveiu.to a
good fortune. Eight years ago. No- ' vember of 1935, she made her oper^ roiiment droned sharply anTara campus buildings, Women’s Residence Halls, Cary Hall and the University farm. The
Afternoon Screen Reviews To Begin At 3 Tomorrow Tomorrow afternoon weekly screen reviews will be reinstituted, according to J. W. Ditamore, manager of the^/T'^usic Hall. The program will continue on an experimen’^Al basis for some time, and
New University Telephone System Will Begin Operation February 19 Switchboard Placed In Service, Stores Building Makes Campus System Independent Of Lafayette Exchange On Saturday, February 19, campus telephones at present operating through the main switchboard in mfayette will change over to a new system originating from a board in the Service and Store^uildittg, thus making a self-contained campus telephone system. The syst«m which is termed a Private Automatic Branch Exchange, will include telephones
atic debut singing the Rosina at the consequence, attendance at the San Francisco opera house. During screen reviews dropped also. This
a period of study in Europe she sang ^^3
the Barber’ in Belgrade, and the of the students, as the proporperformance which was broadcast of the student body attending
over Europe brought her the Order j^g^ g^^g_
the lack of students and the fact that the programs were designed for civilians. Another reason for discontinuing screen reviews was that there were not enough good
quality films available.
of San Caba, a medal bestowed by the Yugoslav government which had never before been awarded to
an American. 1
As the Duke in “Rigoletto,” Nino Martini, tenor of the quartet, made his operatic debut. Martini came to the United States in order to make a series of movie musicals after he had established his reputa-
tion on the continent.
Igor Gorin, baritone, was the leading baritone of the Czechoslovakia State Opera before he came
to the United States.
Mezzosoprano Helen Olheim made her concert debut in New York and soon signed a contract to sing with the Metropolitan. Miss Olheim began her career as a concert pianist but later changed to singing. Navy Will Examine All V-5 Applicants Today, Tomorrow
Cass Begins Class Work On Make-Up
AWS Assists Frosb Women At Orientation
Carl Cass, director of Playshop, will start a series of lecture-dem-onsti-ations on theatrical makeup
Each Thursday from 3 to 6 p, m. 4 p_ ^he rehearsal
room on the second floor of Fowler
a program will be presented in the Music Hall and admission will be limited to civilians and service men
attending the University. Admis- January IS^at'the same time
Sion will be by passports and social
recreation cards.
Programs will be patterned as before, with a balanced entertainment consisting of several selected short subjects and lasting about an hour. Tomorrow’s screen review is made up of news, a March of Time feature and shorts entitled “Mormon Trails,” “Borah Minnevitch,” “Inca Gold,” “Streamline and Stamina” and “Red Hot Riding Hood.”
airport telephones are not included in the system. Dialers wishing to reach phones in the Lafavett3 exchange will dial the prefix 0 while people calling to the campus exchange from non-campus phones will dial the
prefix 92.
Directory to Be Issued
A new University staff telephone directory will be distributed before the change over, according to R. T. Hamilton, director of the physical plant, and a complete campus direc-
Hall. The demonstrations will con- tory is intended for the early part who arrived on the campus to betinue on Tuesday and Thursday, of next sem'ester, according to R. fi’in the January to March intra-
B. SJ^e, registrar. In connection session.
Cass will show straight makeups with the staff directory, cards have The five girls are Eldeen Rush, and the principles of character been forwarded to department Saratoga; Mae Ola Smith, Indianmakeup. Actual makeup jobs will heads, who are requesting each apolis; Beth Ann Goldsworthy, be completed during the course of staff melnber to fill them out with Rochester, Mich.; Miriam French, the lectures. the information necessary for the LaPorte, and Betty Rausch, LafayHaving had six years of profes- compilation. It is necessary that ette. sional experience, Cass has demon- the cards be returned by Wednes- Sunday evening AWS counselors strated the art of theatrical make- day, January 12, according to Ham- entertained the freshman girls at an up at national conventions of the ilton. informal party in the Sweet Shop.
Speech The idea for a complete campus
Camera Club To Hold Callout, Reorganize At Meeting January 10
Traditional orientation activities
of incoming freshman women were carried out on a smaller scale than usual this week for five new coeds
Camera Club will hold its callout Monday, January 10, at 4 p. m. in
the office in the basement of the form will be a more active PIA, one Union, with a reorganization meet- that will not only concentrate on ing. The club offers the use of the more vigorous social activities but club dark rooms and equipment, and will also organize to serve and rep-
sponsTred by AWslor thlbenefit f vice of experienced persons, resent the independent students in
Membership is open to all persons any way possible,
on the campus and it is not neces- The Boilermaker candidates are: sary to own a camera. Henderson, president; Hanky ■Meetings are held every other Davis, coed executive; Sibi Cerreto, Thursday night. The club, under the vice president; Lyle Crist, treasurdirection of Bob Holmes, sponsors er; Avaline Lane, secretary. The an exhibit every semester. Betty Independents’ candidates are: Jim Cantley is vice president in charge Ackerman, president; Betty Jane of activities. Ribordy, coed executive; Stanley
Leszczynski, vice president; Ed Goetze, treasurer; Mary Anne
Deisslin, secretary.
All independent students, both service men and civilians, are eligible to vote upon presentation of
their passports.
WAA Announces New Cabin Leaders
At 8 a. m. Monday all new fi’esh-
WAA Cabin Leaders announce the names of those girls who passed the five weeks’ course. They are:
Dr. Doty Will Speak At ASC Meeting
National Association of
Teachers. He has also written ar- telephone exchange was originated
•ticles for the Thespian, the publi- about four years ago but the work approximately 70 stu p Hanev P Loonev L
dents, reported for orientation tests
■ in Eliza Fowler Hall, following a Hughston, F. Jones, J. Mertz, M.
cation of the national high school of installing it has only been intendramalJlc organization. sified over the last year when the All interested in makeup are in- switchboard was set up in the Servvited to attend these lectures, not ice and Stores Building and the maonly Playshop workers and class jority of the cables were laid.
Dr. D. M. Doty, assistant head of
. . the agricultural chemistry depart-
»«ent, will speak before the University section of the American Chemical Society Monday, January 10, at 7:30 p. m. in room 211 of Stan-
ley Coulter Hall.
Dr. Doty’s subject will be “The
students.
will be interviewed and examined today and tomorrow by the Navy Flight Board. Students must pass a flight physical examination, be mentally, morally and psychologicallyqualified for training as an aviation cadet, and have the written consent of a parent or guardian
to enlist.
All students who were not accepted for V-12 are eligible for the interviews, therefore a large number of interviews are expected because of the numerous rejects given at the time interviews were held for V-12. Many were rejected only because the quotas were filled, but these same men may be reasonably sure of being accepted for V-6. For further information, students interested should call the Personnel Office, Executive Building. University Church . . . will hold a circle dance tomorrow evening in the recreation rooms of the church from 7:30 to 10:30. Special recordings have been secured by Juanita Storey. Games and refreshments have also been planned. There is no admission
charge.
M. Honeywell Visits Campus Mark Honeywell, chairman of the
Chemical Composition of Pood and board of directors of the Minneap-
Feed as Influenced by Plant Breeding.” Dr. Doty will take the place of Dr. L. L. Quill, who was originally scheduled to speak at this time. Mixed Recreation To Start At 7:30 In Women's Gym Friday night is mixed recreation night at the Women’s Gymnasium. All University eds and coeds, as well as service men, are invited to attend any time from 7:30 to 10. As on previous programs, there will be dancing, ping-pong, shuffle-
olis-Honeywell Company, manufacturers of temperature control instruments, visited the campus on Tuesday, January 4, on business. While here Honeywell conferred with G. S. Minkle, director of the University research foundation, regarding research work financed by
The system was originally designed by G. Rush Willett, consulting engineer, and installed under the supervision of C.’C. Wilson in cooperation with associates of the Lafayette Telephone Company. Wilson came fi'om the main office of the Indiana Associated Telephone
Company in Madison, Wis. New Exchange Better
Practically an entirely new wir-
Alpha Zefa To Hold Annual Verbal Battle Tomorrow Alpha Zeta, agricultural honor-
C. Elliott and Dean" of Women eligible to take groups to the ary, will hold the first half of its
short preliminary convocation. In- Barnes, A. Lane, M. E. Hardy, B. eluded on the program were short Nicholson, M. M. Beitsch, J. Rose speeches of welcome by President P. Patterson. These girls are
WAA cabin.
Clare A. Coolidge, a talk by Prof. H. H. Remmers of the division of education and applied psychology, and group singing led by A1 Stewart, director of musical organiza-
tions.
After registration in the Bxecu-
'tive Building Tuesday morning and men attended the trade party at physical examinations in the Stu- the Women’s Resilience Halls last dent Health Service that afternoon, night. From 7 to 9, service men
WRH Holds Open House
For Frafernity Men
Approximately 600 fraternity
• . J* J.1 ^ second coke party was lield in tlio and civilians occunied tlie three re- i *11 mg system was necessary for the P best speeches will go an Alpha Zeta
campus. The layout includes 914 instruments, some of which are extensions, including phones now in the Union, which will be opei'ated on a manual basis as at present, but
the Minneapolis-Honeywell Com- which will go through the campus
AWS office for the five girls. Dean ception rooms, dancing and playing Coolidge; Miss Irene Feldt, head of cards with the WRH girls, the Placement Service; Prof. Muriel rationing has eliminated
McFarland, assistant dean of worn-
en, and Nelda Reed, president of formerly held the coeds originated
AWS, were among those who at-
pany and carried out in University laboratories. The company is making a study of various temperature
control methods.
Honeywell was accompanied by his wife; J. Haynes, a 1925 graduate of the University, in charge of the industrial control section of the company, and Ralph Metcalf of St.
switchboard, thus eliminating the present Union exchange. Due to the improved type of switchboard, manual exchange will be more rapid than at present, said Wilson, in commenting on the Union phones. The switchboard at the Women’s Residence Hall will be eliminated with a number of party lines being
tended.
Nofrite Ad staff meeting Thursday, January 6, at 4 p. m. Be there. —GAUNT.
The social committee consisted of
board, volleyball and badminton in Louis, also representing the same installed to reduce the number of
the main gym. Bridge and other company. All were guests of Prescard games will be played in the ident and Mrs. E. C. Elliott at their WAA office. home for dinner. The swimming pool is to be open Students may remember Mrs. from 8 to 9. Boys who use the pool Honeywell as one of the artists who will be charged a 10-cent fee, but appeared in the duo-piano concert there will be no other admission in the Hall of Music during the fall charge. . convo season.
lines necessary. Each party line will have four instruments. A postwar plan for Cary Hall has been devised whereby the number of phones will be increased to one
phone for each ten rooms.
^With the exception of the Agricultural Chemistry Building and
the Horticulture Building,
Independent Students, Service Men May Vote Platforms for the two leading parties in the PIA elections, which will be held Friday from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. in front of the Sweet Shop, have been announced. The Boilermaker party’s platform stands for better independent activities, lively parties, Friday night date dances, dance classes, efforts to secure name bands, a forum for independents, and is open to all arid any suggestions from students.
Independent party’s platform is for a stronger federation of independent students on campus, the improvement of all independent activities, and big dances. The Independent party does not wish to promise any-
thing they cannot fulfill.
Jim. Perille, candidate for president, has announced that his plat-
annual speech contest at 6:30 tomorrow in Agricultural Hall, according to the contest committee
chairman, Wally Pope.
Speakers will be the Alpha Zeta pledges and other persons desiring to compete. Only requirements are that the contestants’ talks concern some phase of agriculture and are limited to ten minutes’ duration. To the three persons making the
key with the winner’s name also being placed on the honorary’s speech trophy. . The contest Friday will be of the elimination type and the six persons that survive will stage the final battle of words a week from today at
Joalyn Lyda, Barbara Currie, Jei-ry the same time and place. Oakes, Elsie Carrie, Dorothy Appel Faculty members from both the and Nancy Wade, with Marilyn speech department and agricultural Glenn acting as chairman of the school will act as judges for the congroup. test. It will be open to the public.
Backstage Goings-On Of Home Ec, Cafeteria Involve Much Hard Work
By Mary M. Renner
When you push your tray down is set for the next day’s rolls. All the Home Economics Cafeteria line pudding and salad dressings are for do you qver stop to think about the made and put to cool.
Independents To Sponsor Dances, Radio Program, Nurse Aide Work
which replacement equipment is at work that is necessary to prepare' Part of this work is done by the
the food you are about to eat ? cooks and part by the''girls in quanAny time from a week to two tity cookery lab. All junior dietetic, days before the meal is served the teaching and institutional majors
By Katy Howes
Riiss Morgan, “Music of the Masters”, nurses’ aides, the Independent, dance classes, National Independent Students’ Association: all of these have had a part in the ac-
present unavailable, all manual switchboards will be eliminated. The equipment for the system has been acquired on a rental basis from the Lafayette Telephone Company. The switchboard, which is a three position affair, that is, for three opei’ators, will function continuously operated by University employed girls and will require the attention
of six employees.
stationed at each job there. Very specific directions have been printed in which all details of every job are clearly explained to the girls. But often, when directions are studied away from the place for which they are made they are hard
menu is planned. The menu is con- are required to have their lab in the to understand. And many girls do
cocted by a senior institution major afternoon usually making puddings, with the assistance of an instruc- pie fillings, salad dressings, salads, tor. She lists the quality and quan- cookies or yeast breads. The girls tity of food needed; she decides the who cook in the morning help pre-
tant one on campus, but it is also Date dances are held in the Facwell known nationally. It was the ulty Lounge of the Union on Friday fii>t independent students’ organi- nights. Coeds who help the local Mtion of its kind in the United hospitals as nurses’ aides were creates and the organizer of the Na- ganized by PIA under the direction
tivities of the Purdue Independent tional Independent Students’ Asso- of Betty Jane Ribordy, and PIA Association since its formation on ciation which is an organization con- awards certificates to those coeds
sisting of independent groups from who complete a specified number of
60 colleges and universities. hours of work,
In 1942, the Purdue Independent, “Music of the Masters”, a proa weekly paper formeily published gram of symphonic music, is sponby PIA, was officially recognized by sored by PIA from 7 to 7:30 p. m. on the NISA as the nation’s outstand- Fridays over WBAA. Dance classes
mg indepfindent paper. are now under way with plans being eph Cochran, a graduate of the In the past, PIA has sponsored made for an advanced class next naval electrical school in October, many big name dances on campus, semester. Under discussion is the 1942. He is now a V-12 student
tion in the group. All independent bowling tournaments and bridge possibility of holding the classes on after serving on an aircraft carstudents may vote in the election re- tournaments for members, among Saturday nights before the regular rier for a year on an Atlantic congai’dless of whether they arc mem- other activities, Even in these days dances begin so that service men voy to Russia, Iceland, England and bers of PIA. of wartime restrictions, its activi- may also benefit by them. A cabaret Africa. He also participated in the
Not only is the group an impor- ties arc still widespread. dunce for members is being planned. Sicilian campaign.
campus.
With the election of new PIA officers Scheduled for tomorrow, Jim Perille, social chairman, has pointed out the many activities of the organization in the past and the plans for future activities so that new independent students on campus will realize the benefits of active participa-
Alpha Phi Omega Holds Open Meeting Alpha Phi 6mega, the national scouting service honorary, held an open meeting last night at the Union. The speaker was A/S Jos-
selling price of the food; she makes a plan for the setting up of the counter, and she writes up general directions for the cooks. The day before the meal is served the senior girl checks all left-overs and regular supplies. Then she revises her menus and grocery order accordingly. She orders the foods necessary for the next day’s meal. Food Prepared Early During the afternoon the cooks
pai-e the meats and vegetables. The cooks come to work at 7 in the morning in order that the meal
not read the directions. Those who do not understand or who do not read the directions provide the senior girls with jobs. The senior girls act as supervisors over different units. The two most important super-
you eat will be ready for you by visory positions are those of coun-
11:30. Each cook prepares a specific kind of food. Mrs. Kreschbaum, whoVorks with the pastry, has been with the Home Economics Lunch Room over 20 yeais, and she still bakes pies and cakes like those you eat at home. The counter manager for the day is m the kitchen during
are busy doing what they can to- her free moining hours and in beward the day-before preparation, tween classes to check with the
ter manager and assistant manager. Other senior girls are assigned to cash register, money and salads. All junior and senior duties rotate on a fixed schedule, the junior gitla changing jobs every other day and the senior girls every seven days. This makes it possible for each, girl
to learn all the jobs.
As you push your tray past the
Any vegetable not harmed by early cooks. She checks progress made food on the counter some girl has
handling is partly gotten ready for in preparation and makes certain cooking. Pie crumbs, a combina- that all needed supplies are delivtion of fat, flour and salt, are made ered. ^ for the pie shells. All gelatin sal- All junior and senior gills who ads are made and put in the refrig- are to work behind the counter come orator to harden. The yeast dough on at 11 o’clock. • A junior girl is
been partly responsible for each courtesy you receive. She is learning all the little details that must be remembered to send you and many like you away as pleased» coh'* tented patrons.
W
W'W' 1 j/l; i' '" m V
SIt
^ ^ ^ ( <iiU™ .
-—-it $
PuriiuS Exponent
4
7 r f?
Thursday, January 6, 1944 »
Purdue Exponent combined with Purdue independent
Offices. Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor Business Mana^et Ne548 Editor Manairinf; Editor Sports Editors
EHia Murph} Mary Diltf William H Tyfioi Cat-olyn Wilhui Ravmond J Smitli» RusBell M Lipes
Publicarton Staff Editoiml SiafT Associnfe Editors l-icl Abbott Ruth M Ford Madelyn A GntiiLS lames T Richard'^on Marpaiet Y Stetfos Jame Ackorm in i i ml Vcuh Ph\ 11 s Mnnn Msrthn Joe liigt K itv Ilcwts Assoente Sports Ld tors Ism s F Ackciman Paul Gaiber Wilhan GpiI 1 W ^ ( Wiicrbt Service Staff Gibiiel Elias Leo Friedman Jack Martirc in Uiry Koctting Bob Baker
Business Staff AdTertismc; Manager C L Gaunt A<>6istant Advertising Manager Betty Maney Circulation Manager R C S merman
Staff For This Issue
Tsight Fditor Bajnes Day Editor Miner Citv Editor Tuesburg Issue Editor Rippetoe Sports Editor Aclce''man Reporter*? P Rich ^d^^on \arprar Phiman Lewis Streeter GoodMil Goll Ganett Bra-^bic Ut Grat/i bteinbore Blown im i Staff Phatographer W C Tolber Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under th-e act of Congress of March 8, 1879 and at the special rate of postage piovided for in section 1103 act of Oe<oler 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tue uaj T1 uisday and S iturday mornings dur ing the jeir e\tL|>t ceitiin v ication periods Delivered daily by carrier fir M 2o for a semester by mail for $1 60 for a 6eme*?tcr Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the We&t Desk of the Union Represei ted f( r i ational advertising by National Advertis ing Service Ire College Pubh'^hera Representatives, 42U Madison Ave New York N Y
Can You Take It? .. . How many times have we repeated the familiar old proverb of “Honesty is the best policy”, and then how often have we practiced what we preached ? To put it mildly just when and how is the cheating on our campus going to be stopped? Many of us will immediately place the blame on the instructors retorting that he leaves eveiy opportunity open to the student to use the carefully planned cribs But isn’t it about time we learned to respect this trust he offers and accept it ? Methods being practiced these days are by no means subtle to say the least There are the few who have ciedit due to their ingenious “tricks” but most of the students are either too lazy (they resort to the “open book” test) 01 lack the ability Dissatisfaction may duly be called the culprit for the dishonesty being displayed by all the “victims”. Let it be said here, though, it’s a mighty good thing the boys over there don’t give up so easily when dissatisfied, for they have reason to be at all times Now is as good a time as any to learn that everything in life won’t run smoothly and be a little difficult and hard to handle Maybe too hard for most of us, but why weaken before a real challenge from life has been offered to us Response to this edit will be one of indifference and then one of ridicule for the ideas ex-
pressed
ByMiW
!
Independent Inklings
Inkle, inkle, little stai,
pow I Wohdei Who re^ds this Farewell I>epl,f
Giaduation took its toll of the coops last Sunday Merlin Biimpus, Wally Grube and Wilbur Buie ^aid farewell to Kneale House, while Rochdale lost Bob Nash Kneale, howevei, gdihed six new fieshmen, two eiigineeis and fom ags Rochdale opened its doois to Byioli DeVoe and “Stud” Ungei', new inembeis of the fiosh class Obseivations of an insect on New Year’s Eve Campus quiet as usual, but down the stieet a swell party at Univeisity Chuich in ses Sion biggei still was the smoke scieen at the Blazei, wheie some eds and coeds took sheltei that cold wmtei night Anybody know wheie Pat Richaidson, night editor of the Exponent that evening, spent hei time ’ Somebody said the Expo office logical, anyway
Coops Entertain
The fellows at Chauncey House and Rochdale entei tamed each othei at then tiade dinnei last Wednesday and good food was enjoyed by all Ah, foi some meat points Then there aic the two aspiring
“I Will say they’re very intelligent. Dear—they’re perfectly Dover boys who bleached then ban
Justifications tor violating the adage aware that your sci earning at them doesn’t mean a thing” last week half and half—half of it
nte wAsywTOH Tm Re9 U S Qfi. 60-ROUND By DREW PEARSON Wallace Gives Philosophy; Says Yoynger Generation Must Find Right Course W A.SHING'ION—Tencnce Biukc editoi of the LojoH College newspaper came to Washington the othei dav and got an appointment to see the yice Pie-ident He asked Mi Wallace loi a statement m the foim ot advice to the >oung men of this geneia
tion
Wallace gunned and shook his head ‘I haven’t got ant tiling to ‘-a\ I nttci liked it when the old folks handed out advice and I am not going to impose my gde ice on othei & The boj staled puzzled He had nevei found an adi It a iw illing to tell the young how to behave Thei e was p long uause It looked as if the inteiview would fold up on the spot Pic cult \\ til ICC lesumed The only way toi a j oung lellow to doteimine the light comse is to search wi’^hn him=cb VciMce imposed on him is no good It has ro spn fiom w thin y ■'T Ind s lucl i theme close to his heait Pie wanned up i man c..ir>c in heie Ihe othei da> and asked tor the tules of the ten books which had influenced me most He was getting the same thing fiom a lot ol people—the Piesident Mis Roosevelt, Churchill, Stalin, and others I didn t w ant to do it, because the books tha iiare influenced me might not be the right books foi others I iievei like to pi escribe foi others But I did name the Bible and Plato’s Republic Iheso two books aie lull ot the idea of the dignity ot tne human soul lespect toi the mduidual They state H O’ ei ard over again The ancient Hebrews and the Greeks—the Bible and Plato Both cuilizations were based on the dignity ol the individual human being ” Terrence Burke had exoected to sta> onlj five minuses But tl c '' ICC Piesidciit was talking so earnestly that it was ob\K>i\^l> mi he moment to go He sat hke the stiidei <.t of Gamaliel '‘The Ol h waj develop >oui full strength is to reacii out for something greater than yourself That holds lor a runner in a track meet, and it also holds fo. a politician or a business man You have got to i"ath berond >our giasp, oi rou will nerer explore A oil! full capacities 'This IS in the Bible time and again There are a Jot ol things in the Bible that fit conditions todaj — eAen inflation'” Bible On Renegotiation Hcie Wallafp leached foi hs Bible and seaiched thio gh it for the Book of Amos ‘Amos was the old est of all the piophet*- and a leal social levolutionaiy ” The Vice Piesident staited leading fiom the eighth tohtptei of Amo ‘‘lieu this O je that swallow up the necdj c\cn to make the pool of the land to fail Wallace looked up Ihose aic the piohtecis,” he said And listen to this A.mos is putting his fingei dll the pcojile who don t want to lenegotiate con tsrnctb W hen will the new moon be gone, that we may sell corn ' And the Sabbath that we ma^ ^et foith wheat nicking the ephah small and the shekel gieat ’ That’s inflation—and falsifjing the balances by deceit ” The kite Piesident looked at his hstenei, with a twinkle behind his siher rimmed glasses I hen he lead another \eise ifiat wc maj huj the poor loi silvei, and the need> foi a pair of shoes, \ta and sell the reluse of the wheaf'^” But even this wasn t verj popular in those da>s ” toniinued the \ ict I’re&ideiit ‘ Amos was a social rei olulunarj and sot,,.! re\<)lulionaries are never popular hat’s more he belonged to the wrong kingdom Ho was ol the people ot Judah, and he had gone up to Isiael to do las pleaching And the Isiaelites didn’t like it, so (lu\ told him to go home ’ Atlantic Charter i-iul o\ci lidf in tin Book oJ Mi ah fliaptei 1, ilcH onietbn i) outieconvfisiori And they shall 1( i ilitii wild into ])low sh u es and thou spcai s m to I lunin I h >ol K itionj^ sliall not liJt up a swoid .ig'aiii'-t 1 alioi iicilhti shall they leain wai any
moi <
\}i} Mk di (Mil lias liui il ri( cti itica'tion laini S(cuiU\, ind th( Alluilii ( hutei all wiapped up in T ha^j (1 J Li ten to Lhi ‘But they shall sit eveiy man undci In’- \in( ind iindti Ins fig tiec, and none shall make them aii jid ’ (J hat’s llecdom fiom ftai)
mentioned in the first paragraph will also pro-
fusely be made
Think this over and begin this reform campaign by thinking of reasons of why you
“shouldn’t” cheat ’
2 00 PM
Lt. Cart C. Johnston giaduate of the Univeisity, was piomoted to the lank of captain it was recently announced Capt Johnston is attached to the Opeiations Division at the Huntsville Aisenal, Alabama He received hib B S degie with his class in 1927
Thursday, January 6 Wai Finance Committee Friday, January 7
Scieen Review
Alpha Zeta Speech Contest Assembly Room, Ag Hall
Saturday, January
Basketball—Indiana Fieldhouse Dance Balhoom, Union
“Scuttlebutt and Brine”
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus t
Reiere Copper and Brass Co, Rome, N Y —Jan 10 and 11, 1944 Intel ested in ME, Ch E , MetE
and EE Sign in Peisonnel Office
by 3 p m Monday, Jan 10
ASTP and NCTP
Federal Telephone & Radio Corp Newaik, N J —Jan 13, 1944 Intei
won his Navy “Wings of Gold” and his commis- ested in E E and M E Sign in fei
Lt. William K. Mclnerney
foimei student in mechanical engmeeimg at the Univeisity, has been piomoted to first lieutenant, it was announced by Eighth An Force Bombei Command headquaiters lecently Lt Mclneiney received his commission in October, 1942, at Lowiy Field, Colo
Ensign William Garlic
Classified
Ads
Mousy lo I oan—On diamonits watches utiB iuggage typewriters Alberts Loan
Ifflco 407 Columbia
Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes Also sold repted repaired and purchased Mimeo graph work done C P Ebershoff 605 Mam
Lafayette Phone 2779
Sion as Ensign m the Naval Reserve this week aftex completing the piesciibed flight tiammg course at the Naval An Tiainmg Center at Pensacola, Fla Befoie enteiing the Naval seivice. Ensign Gallic at tended the University and was a membei of the vai sity basketball team Now that his tiainmg is ovei, he will go on active duty at one of the Navy’s an opei ational training centeis befoie being assigned to a
combat zone
lost—Heibros miiitaiy wiist w^tch with metal link band Also black cameo ring sterling mount Left m men s washroom across from Sweet Shop Saturday evenings Christmas presents from family Reward Please notify Pvt Cail Hartlagt Ist Fla
*oon Co E N Caiy Hail
Wanted—Girl students to v/orl. m Chest nut loom Puidue Memorial ^nion Wanted—Students to work at Purdue Memoiial Union Cafeteria Apply Cateteria
blinds you and the other half just dazzles you If you’ve noticed them on the campus, don’t worry, they’re going to let it grow out via Mother Nature, so keep hoping and keep your eyes closed Incidentally, Dover House IS now the home of fi\e
new freshmen
Room 212, Union Doggie Stuff A pioud pooch, “Vic” (shoit foi
Hall of Music "^ic-toiy) by name, is the latest pui
chase of Kneale House Pedigiee IS at piesent unknown but it’s “less
than 75 vaiieties” for suie In passing the oichids aiound
(last week) let’s not foiget Dottle
Hall of Music M'^iiiiams, RCA giil who has been
doing a swell job as leadei in New man Club discussions Gabby Elias lates again foi his lecent Eoium
aiticles-
I doubt if many aie keeping up with Heib Rubenstein fiom Intel national House Eveiy night it seems to be a difteient feminine peisonahty being escoitod by him Maybe it’s biains Hear Ye, Hear Ye Let it be known that Rochdale’s ‘ Five Men of Finesse”—then bas ketball team to the layman—is iin defeated so fai in independent
games Latest tiiumph was over the “Hot Shots,” an independent waid team ' Doing OK New Yeai^s ifive weie AST Ken Cai’lesen and a blfinde bombshell fiom Stephens College PI A staited another seriep of Jate dandes last Fiiday ahd Will continue with anothei in both faculty loUnges tortioriow night from 7 80 to 10 Members and dates fxee, others 25 cents Music by recoiding Independents Elections. Climaxing a week of campaigning, vote getting and apple polishing, PIA candidates will place themselves on the block tomoirow vYhen actual voting begins The election IS being sponsoied bv the Stqdent Senate and will take place iti fiont of the Swpt Shop fiom 10 to 6 All independent students aie eligible to vote and should do so becau&e PIA IS then oiganization Splitting the ticket is, of couise, peimissible and howevei the elections turn out, whethei one paity oi a mixtpie of all emeiges victoiious, you can lest assuied that bettei Independent activities will come from PIA Being inactive duiing the summSi and semi teim, the PIA has found it haid to get staited again, but with the elections tomoiiow new oppoitunities fiom the PIA will be youis So the Inklings wants to let it inkle aiound a bit that you should vote tomoiiow—vote foi the candidates of youi choice, but most of all, get behind the PIA and vote Buy War Bonds
office
Lost—Lady s gold lapel watch in Union
Saturday evening Reward 600“
Wanted—26 or 28 inch bicycle Reasonable
price Hal Carlsen Phone 8208
George R. Lydick 1934 University giaduate m Mechanical Engi neeimg, Mas recently piomoted to the lank ot lieuten ant colonel at Camp Carson, Colo, wheie he is m command ot a field aitilleiy battalion
‘Foi the mouth ot the Loid ot hosts has spoken it For all people will walk eveiy one in the name of his God ’ (tieedom ol leligion) ‘And we will walk in the
name ot the Loid oui God toi evei and evei’ ’
Wallace turned back to the Book of Psalms “I don’t ’kno\v whethei it is faulty exegesis oi not Maybe it is finding a text to fit youi own ideas Anyhow, here’s a passage that most people use to piove that Chiist, who was spumed and accuised, came to be the founda
tion stone ot the Chiistian religion ”
He had found Psalm 118 and he read Vei se 22 “ ‘The stone which\he builders refused is become the head
stone of the c\jiei ’ But I see ^i^ething else in that campus, howevei, veise,” he continue(l'''tyL3£e-'a‘‘Mteience to all the le- mteiested m students toi
jected peoples—the mmoiities pll over the woild The
lejectcd people glow stiong They w'oik haidei and ^ Goodrich Co, Akion, 0 — hang togethei and get to be a dominant people Interested in B S , M S oi Ph D ‘ That’s tiue oi the Jews, and it may prove true ot Physicists Sign in Peisonnel Of the Negioes and even the Japanese Ameiicans who ^y Monday, Jan JO aie being spat upon today Generally speaking, it is National Radiator Co, Johnstiue ol all lejected peoples That’s why theie is so Inteiested m ME, Ch
sonnel Office by 2 p m Jan m Eastman Kodak Co, Roche^ei, N Y —Jan 11, 1944 Inteiested in E E , M E , Ch E , Chemistry, Physicists, 4-F men and women with secletaiial tiainmg Sign in Personnel Office by 3 p m Monday, Jan 10 Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co , Akron, 0—Jan 12, 1944 Interested
in M E , C E , Ch E and AeE Also , . « * WTJU n . . ^ —Saddle tan billfold containinp; $1'^ ASTP and NCTP Sign in Person- passport N Y state license Fmder pkasc nel Office by 3 p m Tuesday, Jan Reward
11
Western Electric Co , Chicago 111 —Jan 13, 1944 Inteiested in M E , E E , Physicists, Ch E and Met E Sign m Personnel Iffice by 3 p m Wednesday, Jan 12 General Electric Co, Schnectady, N Y—Jan 17 and 18 Interested in M E and E E Sign m Peisonnel Office by Jan 5 National Tube Co, McKeespoit, Pa-—12 Inteiested in M E , E E , and Met E Sign in Peisonnel Office by 3 p m Tuesday Ian 11
TODAY THRU SATURDAY Big Triple Bill
These companies are not sched
RIflery Claes Practice on Tueseday Wed nesday Thursday week of January 2 9 and foilowme: week from 6 30 to 8 30 p m All girls eligible must have three previous prac ticts plus three more ALLFN Dolphin Actives Meeting Thursday Jan 6 at 6 16 p m in loom 105 of the Field house MURPHY Alpha Lambda Delta Party and meeting for all members at the University Church at 1 30 p m Saturday Jan 8 New mehibcrs bung dues MINER
Tail Beta Pi Meetinj.. Thursday Jan 7 16 p m in room ^55 of the Union
-^EVANS
Catholic Students You are all invited to the Newman Club tea dance to be held bun day Jan 9 in St Mary a auditorium trom 2 80 until 6 I m C Hnc stag or brini, a date Rcfieshmcnts ANDLRSON SDX Important discussion meeting will be held lucsday Jan 11 at 5 p m in Exponent office MURPHY
Pep Session Committee Shop at 7 30 Thursday
Meeting in Sweet HEIN/
much hope toi the minoiities We used to leject and despise the Chinese but they may become ‘the head
stone of the coinei ’
‘ That’s something we will have to watch in making the peace,” concluded the Vice Piesident “It must be a tair and geneious peace oi the vanquished will bo come stiong by the veiy tact ot being oppressed ” The young man looked at the clock and lealized he had been with the Vice Piesident of the United States toi halt an houi His head was swimming Mi Wallace had told him he had no advice foi young people, but his liblenei’s head was bumming with new ideas He lose, giatetul, and went away '^Essenf^ial Workers" Wdi Production Board has discovered a device foi protecting its dollar-a-year men Irom the draft Boaids in the District ot Columbia are notoriously haul boiled about deferment of Government officials, and the Administration has leaned ovei backward to pi ess for deferments But dollai-a-year men have Icdincd to dvoid the tough boards ot Washington by applying to then local boards, more likely to be impressed by a statement that “the applicant’s services are required bj the Federal Government in Washing-
ton ”
However, this device may be upset by recent instructions issued by Selective Service officials for reviewing occupational deferments The reviews will be made
E and MetE Sign in Peisonnel
Office by Monday, Jan 10
Notices
Distinguished Students Refunds are avail able at the cashiers office Summer bcmes ter honor students who have not received th< lull leflini may got then rcmmniiig fif tcH.n dolJais by seeing me in pcison -- HOLI ENSBE All Students Ali ha Zcl i agi iculturc hon oraiy will sponsoi a speech contest in Agn tulUiial Hall Saturday Jan 8 at 6 30 p m All pledges will participate Anyone intei ested in compt ting pieube see mt
-POPL
Staff Members and l«aculty An invitation has been extended by the cast of Seuttl butt and Brine tlu coming navy show to all faculty and staff members The show begins it J p m Saturday Jan 8 in the Music Hull -HOCKEMA I utheran Students Devotional meeting on Sunday evening Januuiy J at 7 30 m the List 1 acuity Lounge of the Union
— WAI KER
Alpha 7eta Meettmg loi all Alpha Zcti membeiH Jan 10 at 7 JO p m in the as stmbly loom tf Au Hall Iheic will be a spe ikei and iefreshments Pledges be theie at f io ^ SHERWOOD Debris Salesmen Rtport foi husmtss milting at 4 p m Ih irsday
GUI LSTROM
War Council Meeting Thursday Jan at 5 p ni in loom 361 of the Union
WOO! LING
AWS Executive muting at 7 1 > tonight in AWS office - REED Kapp Delta Pi Foimul initiation Monday at 6 p m in loom 105 of the Education build mg Banquet follows initiation at 6 45 p m
WLNDLLL
Sophoihore Women
fcophomore girls volleyball team Smith Wiley Ross Rose Sutton Shattuck Allen Fust game Wedneseday Jan 5 at 7 p m
PLTER&ON
Junior Women following play on jnnioi class volleyball team Caines Patteison Hennes Harrison Gcttmgei LatUsc Bur Less Anson T n st game Wednesday Jan 6 at 4 i> m PI* PERSON Senior Women 1 allowing play on senior volleyball team Bushly 1 iekle Rubk KuU Compton Galbraith Clark Blalock Brack man Fiist tame Wedneseday Jan 6 at 7pm -PEIERSON rreshmpn Women Following will play on fieshman volleyball team Egnei Eld ndge Walters Nesius Young Mert/ Per
1 ,1 1 » s . ^^J***^ Byruin IIinitH Blukt Becse Inst uppculs boat els iii the Rreo. ot the registrant’s place ^amt Weduestday Jan 5 at 4pm ol employment lather than in his home area peierson (Copyught, 1941, by United 1‘catiue Syndicate, Inc ) . Board mtctimspostponsd untii rtieB
All Students and Service Men Ihe enter
Following play on tainmertt at the party Friday Jun 7 in the
Univt rsity Church will be circle dancing Re fitshments aie included STOREY
MAKE MILLER'S YQUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and AtiCessones Instrument Repairing MIILER MUSIC CO. 514 Main Lafayettd Phohe 7917
duy dan II
-BRYANa
M
>i I-
Ai ^Thursdayf January 6, 1944
PuniUG Expomnf
Pdgd S
Boilermaker Tr§(k Squad, ASfP Grpup, ConiBeti Ip Series 0f Ath|p}i$ Tests
o Ther? Tomorrow Night
Boilermakers To Meet
By Ed Lee It has long beeii a matter of dis--cui^sion as to whether a man who gpes out for a sport, such as track, Is actually as physically fit as a man ‘j¥ho gpg^ through a regular physical training program. Thanks to iTermon Phillips, head track coach, and Ifprtier Allen, assistant track copch, we now have some definite information. About the first of October these men decided to put the Riveter track squad through a series of tests to seC how they would match up with the results obtained by putting 50 ASTP men through the identical tests. It happened that the trhck season ended at approximately the same time as the Army semester, so both groups had spent about the same time in training. The Army men chosen were from the upper brackets, considerably above average, and the tests chosen Were the basic ones given to Army trainees throughout the country. Thus, on paper, the ASTP group held an advantage. ' The first of these tests was a 300 ^prd run which was taken by a field and track man with a margin of one and one-half seconds. The average hnd worst record of the field and track men were both moie than three secdnds faster than Army time. In the 100 yard pick-a-back run, both groups tied for fastest and slowest time, but field and track men were able to show a slight superiority in the average time. It is quite possible that the training 'given to the Army group gave them mote practice in carrying a partner, but this advantage seemingly was offset by the extra running of the other group. The results of the sit-ups are overwhelmingly in 'favor of the ^rack and field group. The best performance of the track men was 160 ds against only 50 for the best man ih the Army group. The track men likewise were stronger in the average score. We can assume only that running and field activities result in much better development of
the abdominal and hip flexors than do the casual exercises performed in the average gymnastic class. The burpee test was the only one in which the Army group outscored the track and field group, although the best performance was again scored by a track man. However, both the average and worst scores Were better for the Army group. There is no definite reason for these results except that the Army possibly obtained better coordination fi'om the wider variety of exercise which they perform. The squat jump test again brings out ihe superiority of the field and track ineh. They showed *the best performance and a better average performance, although they" came through with the worst performance, also. We probably should expect that runner's’ legs would be in better condition to stand this test than the legs of the average per--son. In the push-up tests the two groups tied for the best performance. The track and field men, however, had the better average record and likewise the worst performance. It IS felt however that the result of this test is very favorable to the field and track men, since we do not ordinarily think of runners as developing the arm and shoulder muscles to any extent. Although the Army was again outscored in the pull-up tests, the results were quite surprising. They were so low that it was evident that neither group had spent much time practicing this event. A summary of the results showed that the field and track men had the best average in five of the contests; the Army in one, and that the remaining one was a tie. The field and track men had the best performance in six out of the seven tests and tied for the seventh. However, the Army group had the woist perfoimance in only one event; tied for two, and won the other four. In other words the field and track group was better prepared on the average and always had one person adapted to each test and likewise
Grpndstqn4 Echpes
By Russ Lipes
GOOD LUCK—KAY SMITH
Before starting with today’s column, we would like to extend our best wishes for success to our former colleague, Ray Smith, who graduated Sunday and who has returned to his home in New Jersejf to await his army call. It was during „last July that we were elected Co-Sports Editors of the Exponent, and since that time we have had a good deal of fun working together and a lot of swell experiences on football trips. We’re
all going to miss Ray around the sports office and the rest of the staff m'eerfo^botrNorthwTstern’rWill joins in saying, “Best of luck in everything, Ray”. . . _ .
Just the other day we heard that Bill Hopkins, a member of last year’s
sports staff, is now in England with an ordnance unit.
Riveters, Wildcats
To Open Conference Indiana Here Saturday
Mat Season Saturday
Coach Claude Reeck’s Boilermaker grapplers will take to the mat Saturday in the first Big Ten competition of the new year. The first
WRESTLING OUTLOOK GOOD We weie talking to Claude Reeck yesterejay about the prospects of his wrestling squad. Coach Reeck is starting his seventh season as mat coach hei'e, and he is very optimistic about chances for the ’44 season. “We’re lacking experience,” he said, “but we’ve got the hardest working bunch of fellows that I’ve seen in 'a long time. I don’t even have to tell them what to do; they just come in here and start to work.” Restrictions among the Navy and Marine prospects are hindering the squad, but Coach Reeck expects to have a well balanced team by tournament time. “Possibly the heavyweight situation is the woist since we don’t have Frank Ruggieri With us any more,” related Coach Reeck. Alt Aerne is described as the most promising man out for the squad. Art wrestles in the 145 pound class. He is a freshman and a member of the Marines and hails from St. Louis, Mo. The Boilermakers open the ’44 mat season when they face Northwestern here Saturday afternoon. Pre-season predietiorts list the Wildcats and Michigan as the toughest in the Big Ten.
Coach Piggy Lambert’s unpredictable ba.sketball squad, still striving to overcome the handicap of a general lack of height, will launch its bid for Big Ten consideration this week end as it tackles the Maroons at Chicago on Friday night and then returns here Saturday to meet Indiana in the first of five successive conference encounters ■ - on the home hardwood. four narrow margin defeats that Uncertainty regarding the came on the heels of an opening pair status of Bill Lodge, high scor- triumphs. Inability to control fe- — • bounds has been the main BivetAtion of what mid-western wrestling forwaid, ha.S complicated
will be like this year. Northwestern the problem for the youthfuI Lambert is hopefuj that the squad
Will show development from week
cats and the Riveters will take place
in the Fieldhouse at 3.
This meet may be a good indica-
and Michigan are expected to be the toughest competition the Boilermakers will "run into this year. Coach Reeck’s teams have been in the first division for the last five years and he intends to keep his
Boilermakers, who, are still trying to find themselves after four successive reverses in hard fought games with formidable foes. Lodge, one of the outstanding stars of last year’s Purdue freshman quintet,
team right up there in the running was placed on restriction as a Navy all this season. Although the wres- V-12 trainee, due to a temporarytiers aren’t the best team he has scholastic deficiency, before the ever had, Reeck says they are a Notre Dame game, and whether he group of hard workers and many will hegain eligibility in time for may develop into tough competition, either the Chicago or Indiana games
DICK BARWEGEN BACK FROM SAN FRANCISCO
Dick Barwegen was in the Fieldhouse yesterday, having just returned
from the Pacific coast where he played in the East-West game, Ne^ Reeck has ever had. Fitzgerald or circles, will probably depend on a
Team Has Chinese Wrestler No definite team has been picked
but the coach mentioned several men who will probably wrestle Satin day. In the 121 pound class there IS Liang, best Chinese wrestler
remains to be seen.
Starting Lineup Named
In the event that Lodge is still unable to compete this week end. Coach Ward Lambert, launching his twenty-seventh season in Big Ten
Year’s Day. Describing his trip as being very enjoyable, Dick told how his squad worked out at Santa Clara the week preceding the game. Babe Dimancheff, who was also on the tiip as well as Bob Plevo, suffered a
Sam Johnson will compete in the 128 pound class and Bob Johnson in the 136. Netterscheim, only man
lecuiience of his old knee injury and is in a hospital out there where he bacltirom last year’s team, com-
predominantly civilian startinglineup. Against the Maroons, ht least, a pair of freshmen, Paul Hoffrugged ball hawk speedster
will stay for several weeks. Barwegen is due to report to Port Sheridan Saturday for induction into the army.
peted in the 136 pound class, but fi-om Jasper, and Dennis Horn,
because of a bad knee was laid up and is just getting back into condition. He may grapple in the 145 ‘if Art Aerne cannot compete. Also there is Copple in the 156, Shepperd
SPUTTERINGS
Kate Smith, radio singer, arrd Ted Collins, radio commentator, recently
were granted a franchise to enter the Boston Yanks into the professional the 166, Hersch or Lockwood in football circurt. Shortage of players is their big problem.... An American the 175 and Humperville or J. McLeague hockey record was set the other night when Alex Ritson, Indian- Millan under heavyweight ruling, apolis Caps forward, skated three times through the Pittsburgh Hornets The team is working under diffifor unassisted goals. . . . There will be no exchange of passport tickets culties in preparation for the meet
sharpshooter from Princeton, will probably draw the forward assignments, with John McPherson, an-, other yearling from Greenfield, in the center slot. Charles Haag, an Evansville product who is beginning to flash the foim he displayed on last season’s freshman quintet, will probably team up with Paul Friend, Purdue major letter man, the
for reserved seats for Boilermaker home basketball games this season. Saturday. Right now the service lone "^-12 representative, at guard. . . . We just heard of the “Potato Bowl” game that was played in Ireland men have to muster at 6:16, giving Speed and deft ball handling proNew Year s Day. them little time for practice, al- vide the main Boilermaker hope of
one person for whom the test was out of his range of specialization. Coaches Phillips and Allen realize that this small test does not permit any valid conclusions so far
track and field athletics for regular conditioning work. In order to really validate this test, it would be necessary to make a nation-wide repetition of this test between sirn-
though they make the most of what time they do have. It is trying to be arranged for the V-12 wrestlers and the track team to;muster in the Fieldhouse at 6:46, giving the men an extra half hour. Five men who
regaining the victory path after
_
restriction or sickness.
Northwestern Has Four Returns The Wildcats have four of their last year’s team back with them this year. In the 128 pound class they
"THE PROOF OF A PUDDING IS IN THE EATING OF IT” SO, ALL YOU STUDENTS AND AND SERVICE MEN, WHO HAVEN’T TRIED EATING AT THE CAFETERIA WHY NOT DROP DOWN FOR LUNCH OR DINNER TODAY, AND LET US PROVE TO YOU HOW NUTRITIOUS AND ECONOMICAL OUR FOOD IS.
NUTRITIOUS FOOD ECONOMICALLY PRICED SELF-SERVICE
JlUL fiWtdjUJL ^VYlsmsrdaL lAmmL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
as making definite statements re- ilar groups. However, it shows that would help the team a lot will not
garding the desirability of using a person who likes a special sport be allowed to compete because of Neteicott Ivy, expected to
contestant m the 166,
suoms
is just as physically fit and should be permitted to leave his regular class and participate in that sport as long as it does not interfere with his military duties.
be a tough
has a brother who wrestles in the heavyweight class. Everyone is invited to attend the meet. No admission is charged and passports are not needed.
Li’s larsest caruera’ devcldledbyBcllTeleplxone Laboratories, maL ^ camera wbiebbas .itbfoeaUengtbs^^O PbotograpBs of valuable teeb are eostly to Pj.T^^u'OUgb tbe speed tbe es g . g equiptu®^^'' beli- telephone system
REMEMBER JOE COLLEGE? ThereVe been some changes made since this guy graced a grandstand—hut Arrows are still top favorites for shirts! Arrow Shirts have the incomparable Arrow collar /which lies smooth and comfortably on your neck, the Mitoga figui;e-fit construction, and the Sanforized label guaranteeing fabric shrinkage less than 1%. In khaki, white, and fancy. $2.24, up^
See your Arrow dealer today!
ARROW
SHIRTS • TIES • HANDKERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR • SPORT SHIRTS ir BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS ^
War calls keep Long Distance lines busy .,. That’s why your call may be delayed.
See
DEWiNTERS
416
MAIN
416
MAIN
to week with additional practice time and may yet be reckoned as a factor in the championship cliase.
(
Fifteen on Traveling Squad En route to the Chicago opener, a Boilermalow^squad of approximately 15 plaj^s is expected to leave here tomorrow morning at tO o’clock, arriving in the Windy Ci^ in time to stretch legs before the evening’s, battle. Major interest of the week end, of course, is focused on the Rig Ten home debut with Indiana here Saturday night, which will mark the seventieth renewal of the hardwood seiies between the Hoosier rivals. Purdue, which provided one of the major upsets of last season as it defeated Indiana here in the 1943 finale, holds a topheavy edge in the long-time series, having won 53 games while losing only 16. ^ Riveter Swimmers Hol;l Squad Handicap Saturday Coach Dick Pappenguth will send his swimmers through an intrasquad handicap meet.next Saturday at 3:30. This will be one of the few chances that the Riveter fans will have to see the varsity in action due to the difficulty in obtaining meets. The only remaining home confei'ence meet is with Northwestern on February 5. Coach Pappenguth looks for a couple of varsity records to be broken next Saturday, and if they are they will be official. He is well pleased with the pi ogress of the team and expects a lot of close competition in the meet. The men who will compete next Saturday are MacMullen, Huntington, Gorby, Nelson, Lair, Nash, Hansel, Portei, Biogan, Kendrick, Salmon, Leach, Glosser, Kann, Kroh, Cumming, Parry, Hunting, Woolverton, Koitjohn, Barnard and Fi ledman. As a whole Coach Pappenguth feels that the Boilermakers have the best team that they have had in years. They have talent in every class and are a good dual meet team but they don’t have the outstanding men required to uiii events in the major meets. IM Schedules Fraternitj' Basketball Thursday, January 6 Couit 1—8:20, Pi Kappa Phi vs. Tau-Pi-Phi; 7:35, Tali Epsilon Phi vs. Sigma Nu; 8:30, Tau-Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Psi; 8:45, Phi Delt vs. Acacia. Couit 2—7:20, Beta Sigma Psi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu; 7:35, Phi Sigma Theta vs. Sigma Chi; 8:30, Kappa Sigma vs. Lambda Pi; 8:45, Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Chi-Alpha. Court 3—7:20, Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi; 7:35, Delta Upsilon vs. Theta Xi; 8:30, Delta Tau Delta vs. Pi Kappa Phi; 8:45, Doverettes vs. Luma. Couit 4—International vs. Warnock Manor; 7,35, Rochdale vs. Rockets; 8:30, Owen vs. Circle Pines; 8:45, Chauncey vs. Redmen. WAA Calendar Interclass Volleyball — December 27, Januaiy 14. Intramural Basketball—January 19, February 26. Iiiterclass Basketball—March 6, March 17. Bowling Touinament — Begins January 8. Splash Paity—To be announced. Ward Party—To be announced^ . Modern Dance Program—To be announced. Fencing, Badminton, Shufflebot^rd and Ping Pong—Mar. 15 to April |5. Piimaiies—April 3, 4 p. ih. Election of Officers—April 7, 9 a. ni. to 5 p. m. Election of Council—April 10, Winter Banquet—April 18. Buy War And Stamps’ / rx* '>5iT rr wr ?..-z'Wr^^-'
w, m
M '*
^4
For Service Mein, By Service Men
'Fkursdcy^ fdnuary 6^ 194^
On Refurnfrom WorZones|„ Brine' Show
By Bob Lederer
. Among the V-12 and electrical students at the University there are many men back from the fighting fronts. Two of those that renounced the ratings they earned to come here and study are Joseph D. Cochran, Cincinnati, 0., and Ralph N. Rush, Tompkinville, Ky. The navy department has sent two men to coordinate the civilian operated electrical school. They are Warrant Officer James Brown and electrician’s mate James Anderson. These men have all . —r——!— ^ seen service abroad before be-
Harmony
Purdue War Training- Photo Veterans Cochran, Rush, Brown and Anderson
G| Jive Featured As Hew Dance Theme
YWCA Members To Meet Friday
Union dances will have new zip from now on. “The Union,” as
stated by Bob Holmes, “will have a bers.
different theme for each Saturday
night dance.”
“GI Jive” is the theme for this Saturday night and will feature a ptii’ple backdrop of GI caricatures as designed by Bob Arnold, ASTP. It will be held in the north ballroom from 9 to 12 p. m., with Lowell Mead and his orchestra starring Betty Hilton as vocalist, and is for
couples only.
Stag dance in the south ballroom will have a double feature in the form of vocalists Martha Miller and
Maury Mahn.
YWCA cabinet members have set Friday at 4 p. m. as the time for a inass meeting of all YWCA memThis meeting is for the pur-
ing sent to the University. Cochran is here after a whirl of hazardous sea duty in the Atlantic. His assignment was a converted aircraft carrier, one of the ships Kaiser was building in four and a half days, which was doing convoy duty when the sub menace was at its worst. It was the carrier’s duty to ward off stalking U-boats iii mid-ocean and in the Arctic, out of reach of allied land-based planes. Cochran has seen many Nazi submarines sunk, and has had some close calls in the process. Once a pair of torpedoes were streaking for the carrier’s, midsection before the watch officer sighted them. It took just 30 seconds to reverse the direction of the ship and the “fish” missed the ship by an estimated 35 feet. Besides its cargo of planes, the carrier was carrying enough high octane gasoline and ammunition to blow it out of the water if
it were hit.
Rush has been to many of the fighting fi’onts. He started on a destroyer doing neutrality patrol along the Atlantic coast. Early in 1942 he shipped with a small convoy to Java to set up a naval base, but the Japs arrived first. They came out 300 miles in land-basbd twin-engined bombers to greet the convoy with a hail of bombs. The convoy went to Perth, Australia, and established a base. N.ext Rush served on the destroyer tender Blackhawk in the A|eutian Islands during the skirmiahes there. Last summer the Bl^khawk docked on the west coast for repairs and. Rush was sent to the
University.
Warrant Officer Brown and electrician’s mate AnderSon have a combined service record of more than 50 years With the navy. Brown came hei'e direct from the Mediterranean theater. He served In re-
'. ' ■ By A/S S. E. Rose . Featured in the lead f oleS of ‘‘Scuttlebutt and Brine”, the navy-marine V-12 musical extrav-* aganza iJo be presented in the Music Hall after the Indiana game Saturday night, will be Raj^, Brown, Jack Lamprecht and J. M. Mix, who play the roles of Scuttlebutt, Brine, and Margiej; respectively. ^ ^ \ ■ The show itself features a cast of over fifty performers, and a staff of over twenty. Written|: directed, and produced by members of the V-12 program, it has been modeled after the work of a famous English author,
Baugher, Kessler and Dubois, marine trio, which will make its first public appearance at the V-12 show, “Scuttlebutt and Brine”, Saturday night.
Service Men To See
and has been, made into a threeact musical of farce and comedy with plenty of laughs and
fast action scenes.
It is a rather new type of show for the campus and the acts have been prepared and written for balance and timing. The first act is based on a comedy idea with a musical background woven in. The second act features a night club
By FRANNY WILLIAMS
Hour Long Movies Thursday Afternoons
Weekly Thursday afternoon movie programs, beginning today in the Music Hall, will supplement the regular Friday night’series for service men with social recreation cards, it was .announced yesterday. As in the case of the Friday night movies, wives of service men are permitted to. attend. The Thursday programs will consist of shows and featurettes and will be approximately one hour in length. They will be shown continuously from 3 to 6 and attendance must be arranged so that there is no conflict with class schedules.
First Act at Home
The first act opens in a typical American home where a bridge game is in progress. From there the scene shifts to “Shangri-La,” vthere a few marines are in deep conversation about “Maisie,” who is (censored till Saturday night).
pose of presenting to the members the new leaders of the various committees and a description of the work that each committee per-
forms.
Girls will then be signed up for wmrk on the committee of their
choice. Each YWCA cabinet mem- pair yards in France during the last ber has been assigned as a com- war and has received special committee head for this semester’s ’'“'•endation for his participation in
The regular Friday night movie to be shown at the Music Hall tomorrow will be “In Old Chicago,” a reissue of a former musical. Alice Faye and Don Ameche are in the lead roles.
County Defense Councils Discuss Mexf Bond Drive
The Christmas rush must have been a little too much for me;
scene where individual specialty I couldn’t quite make it through the crowd. But now that tbingg acts of the show are featured. The have quieted down again, I wandered around among the shops and
third act goes all out in the “hells- found a lot of swell things,
a-poppin” manner.
The whole campus is talking about those swell sheer hose for 82c in at The College Shop. They are slight Irregulars of much finer qualities, but there are nd visible defects. While you’re in The .College^ Shop, ’look at their beautiful selection of suits and blazers. In suits, they have gabardines, coverts, and 10()% wools. My eyes Stuck on a pearl grey flannel suit with a lioy coat to match They also have the latest in four
The scene again shifts back to button hound’s tooth suits. In blazers—checked with contrasting the bridge game where the act ends, borders, navy flannel and red flannel with white piping.
Audience to Join Act H
The scene of the second act is In Deac’.s i found something for everyone—from ping pong halls a typical night club in the U. S. A. to scrub brushes. Knowing how busy everyone is, they have a large and one of the features of the act supply of desk calendars and date-books, so you can’t forget that will be the 20-odd couples from the extra special engagement. For remembering good times, one can audience who will be brought on fmcl a lovely assortment of diaries. Army, navy, and marines can stage to enjoy the music of maestro fmd stuffed animals, pennants, and pillows to send home—also, I Bob Piper’s V-12 band; the acts of saw fraternity and sorority animals and pennants. When you run Don Edwards, Bob Hoffman, Gor- out of stationery, go here to replenish yoqr supply. dOn Grow, Bob Minich (the. boogie,- • , ' • i •• i i woogie boy of Company F); the you’re having a hard tune getting a birthday marine trio composed of Tom present for that 8 year old sister or brother—here s Bougher, Lester Kessler and George the solution. Deac s have paint sets—model picture, Dubois, and a-novel German band. P«hits, individual pieces of a picture to paint and The third act is a continuation of frame are in a set. When you paint the pieces, put the first act, and shows Scuttlebutt the pieces together, frame the picture and—you ve and Brine, the two heroes of the got it. Perhaps you need a frame for your best
girl’s (or mans) picture you got tor Christmas.
Well, what arc you waiting for? Oh, yes, you’ll want something to carry that folding money in that grandmamma gave you. Go
in and sec the selection oP billfolds.
f^ewman Club To Hold Tea Dance On Sunday
Placement' Notes
For Women
Retailing, New York City, N. Y., announces the spring term of their executive training program, which opens February 2. Applications must be in before January 15. This prepares onC for executive careers in the retail field. Opportunity for shore service is available for the second term. It is possible to take a full-time job in the fall and complete the requirements in the evening for the degree of master of
the invasion of Sicily in this war. He has been in the navy since his
enlistment in 1917.
Chief Electrician’s Mate Anderson enlisted in 1911,.. just in time to see action at Vera Cruz. He was on submarine duty when the first world war broke out. He later transferred to convoy duty. In 1938 he retired from active Service, but was recalled two years later. He was. serving aboard the U. S. S. Indiana when he was assigned to the University. Both Brown and Anderson have come Up through the ranks as electricians and are fully qualified to act as technical assist-
. . . will meet at 7:30 p. m. Janu- suits in the electrical school. . ai-y 11 in the lounge of the Univer- ~ ^ ^ ~ '
Another Newman Club tea dance will be sponsored Sunday aftei-noon, January 9, in St. Mary’s auditorium.
‘New York University School of Music and refre.shments will be pro-
Representatives of county defense councils from seven counties in western Indiana met in room 363 of the Union Tuesday. The object of the nieeting was to discuss organization and sales technique in Indiana’s next war bond campaign, which is slated to begin on Monday, January 10. The meeting was attended by county, city, farm and women’s division chairmen from Benton, Warren, Montgomery, Fountain, Clinton and White counties.
play, bringing Margie home from a
date.
To Feature
The show will feature a. bevy of new songs, all of which have been written especially for “Scuttlebutt and Brine.” Another feature of the show will be the two massive backdrops which have been designed and made by the stage, crew. Still another highlight will be the authentic costumes to be worn by the cast. It shows the V-12ers in a different type of wearing apparel than, they
are accustomed to.
Buy War Bonds
If you’re not in the mood (or don’t rich enough) for a new fur coat, Steiger’s also have cloth coats with fur trim, tailored, and lovely Chesterfields. Oh, yes, don’t forget (how could you?), it often rains around Lafayette. Steiger’s have raincoats. And tfie cutest jumpers, skirts—all colors, pastels, and plaids, various sweaters—all knits and colors are here. Slacks to suit your fancy—gabardine, wool, and corduroy—as well as a wide selection of suits—tailored and otherwise. Look here tlie next time you’re adding to your wardrohe.
vided from 2:30 until 5 for all Catholic students, civilians and service
men..
IRC
science in foifmation Placement 2955.
retailing, may he Service
Further inobtained at for Women,
sity Church. Hans Wormser will give a background talk for and lead a discussion on “British Interests in Africa.” Students and townspeople ai-e invited to attend.
4 MONTH' INTENSIVE
Secretarial Course for
COLLEGE STUDENTS and GRADUATES
A thorough, intensive, secretarial
ROOMS TO RENT?
Screen Review
Mudball
hi there clarence i wmit be able to write you much more someone just swiped the lamps i use in front of sorority houses
Tlnir.sda.v, .iaiiu !Nt.-\v.<- 8 'min •... Mormon Trail.-: --i) min...... Naval Lok of Victory • March of.Tim(r--isi min. Horah Mintu'vif.ch Harm School- '10 min. Inca Gold 10 min.Strcarnlim' and .
■A :13--r):2li -1 :2:J-.5:8()
Stai
K(h1 Hot UidiiiK Hood - 8 min. ,
■ A d12—f) Out—G :()8
course — starting February, July, October. Registration now open.
★
Regular day and evening school throughout the year. Catalog. ^ A SCHOOL OF BUSINESS PREFERRED BY COttEGE MEN AND WOMEN im @itEG6 COLLEGE President, John Robert Gregg, S.C.O. Director. Pool M. Pair M.A. 6 H. Michigan Avb. releplioiie: STAta 1881 CMcaitfl. lB
to write by heres mud in your eye —MUDBALL
Try An Exponent Classified!
We have 35 millimefer film!
UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE
FOR CAREER-MINDED WOMEN That bricht future you’ve dreamed lUt—Cqlleije edveation plus Gibbs
nt'iti/ insures it;
•FECIAL MIDYEAR COURSES
BEOIN FEBRUARY 14
Right now, smart girls from H7 senior
coue
colleges wlio want more tiiair n tcir]japrary slopijai) jolt are training to Ihi^me Gilibs scerclaries. Hundreds of permanent, well-paid, patriotic ppaitions are open to fiibbs-trained ^lege women wlio need never fetir competition. For catalog, addre.ss
ji^Uege Course Dean.
ikW YORK 17.,, 230 ParkAve. ;|B^T0N f6 ....SO Marlborough 8t. MlipAOO N. Michigan Av«.
tEG. 8-OZ.
$1 SIZE
PLUS TAX
$3 FULL-PINT SIZE-$1 plus tax
• Helps keep skin romantically soft and smooth in spite of chapping winds and harsh weather. Use as a luxurious body rub ... a flattering powder base. Buy now—SBYt half!
The Easiest Way To Reach
Purdue Students
IS
A CLASSIFIED AD
in
THEv PURDUE EXPONENT
li.
K'v