• ‘ ; 4 ^ ^ 4 >“' 14 4j, : ‘;'4f<, ><f4 j,4 '/? ^ 4 -m ? 4 *; 4- 4^ ■*' »f^ fV'1 ‘»4 U ’"> 'i *4/ m ^ '’° *''V .' ^ '>•” "ri ^ it^'i, ‘ ‘~ ’ * ^•''' «
In Today's News • Cotniriencieineiil' Exercises Suilday • Summer Session Starts June 12 • Last l^aper; l^iaii NoW l^dii' Siihiintei' Isi^ddl
Z.1M
i^oumled la 18t9
iUfjOHeni m OaNfSiacaim
S^€:l W
%fl I#.' wi
Volume 52, No. T9&^ ^
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, June 5, 1041
Registration On Juhe '2 SENIORS TO GRADUATE SUNDAY
Opens Summer Session ~
Fraternity Officers Second Annual School To Convene Oii June 9
Twenty-ninth annual Summer Session at the University will open next week with registration on Thursday, June 12. Classes will begin i’riday and the regular course will last until August 9. Several intensive unit courses of three- and six-week duration will also be held during the period. Special training schools and con- ^
ferences to be held here throughoiit the summer in addition to the regular curriculum include a 4-H club round-up, fraternity officers trainiiijt school, folk dance and dramatics institute, rural youtli training school, rural leadership school, and a vocational agriculture teachers
conference.
Also scheduled for the summer are a conference for custodians, an educational leaders clinic, a short course for drug clerks, two units of a life underwriters training school, a secondary-school principals workshop, the music festival, a music leadership training school, and a school superintendents and fiscal officers conference. The first of the intensive unit courses will begin next Monday; the second series will begin June 30; and the third series will start
on July 21.
All work done during the Summer Session is fully accredited by the University and the requirements for admission are the same as for the winter session. So that required work can be completed in the short time allowed, class and laboratory periods are doubled. The Summer Session Exponent will be issued twice a week this year and will be delivered free around the campus. Mail subscriptions will be 60 cents for the period.
f.i.j.
Theta Xi
. . . announces the initiation of: Don Chaffee, Muncie; Jim Edwards, Indianapolis; Mac Blair, Henderson, Ky.; Dan McLaughlin, Westfield, N. J.; Jack Wray, Evanston, 111.; Paul Moll, University City, Mo.; Ed Agni, Detroit, Mich,; Leith Watkins, South Orange, N. J.
Second annual fraternity officers training school will be opened here Monday morning at 9 o’clock by R. B. Stewart, University Controller, who will discuss the “Purpose of the Officers’ Training School in
Fraternity Management.”
' Following this lecture, Walter J. Millard, field representative of the National Municipal League will discuss principles and practices of ir^ormal discussion. The afternoon will be given over to a continuation of this discussion and a speech by Millard on “Making Group Decis-
ions.”
JDaily Sessions For Officers House officers from fraternities from the entire Middle West are expected to attend the sessions which will be held daily through Friday from 9 to 12 a. m. and from 1:30
to 4 p. m.
Eighteen fraternity and University officials are scheduled to address the conferences and discuss both curricular and^ extra-curricu-lar activities. Meetings Open To All The meetings are open to all officers of Greek letter societies but the meetings will be planned particularly for presidents, rush chair- • men, treasurers and house man-
agers.
Provision has been made for a discussion period to follow each lecture so that the talk can be tied up with individual problems of the group. j,f.a.
This Season's Fashions For Men Point To Colorful Slacks, Coats
By Martha Jane Fox With summer well on its way and the sun beating down for hours ^ every day on most campuses, it seems time to take a look at the new sports, spectator sports, and lounge clothes now appearing daily on the market. Many students buy , most of their summer wardrobe while still at school, and give it a good breaking-in during May and the first weeks of June, before they leave for home and summer vacations, or jobs. These fashion notes, while written for eds, have several tips that could be used to good advantage by coeds. Colorful Slacks Slacks for this summer run into many colors, and while gray flannel still stands up, Bedford cord, doeskin and covert cloth are in high demand. These run from off-white; and ouster through beige, light tan, and into darker shades of blue, green and brown. They are generally in solid colors and go well with soft shirts, sweaters, and sports coats. While the trousers are somewhat narrower, the waists are pleated and most of them have belts of the same material. There are several new types of jackets for summer. One of the'^ most popular is a single-breasted made of suede-finished wool, cut rather long, with loose patch pockets, leather buttons and bandstitching. These come in a^riety of colors, green and tan being the most popular. Summer Suits Somewhat shorter than these jackets is another new model which draws in at the sides to m^e
the coat tighter if desired. This has a zipper front, broad shoulders, and the collar is cut without,lapels. Two-piece summer suits, most of them single-]^reasted, will come in a number of tropical worsted patterns, gabardines, and Palm Beach as well. The tropical worsteds include solid colors, plaids, and some stripes, and should prove even more popular than last year. Sport Shirts That Fit There is news in sports shirts this summer. They are being made by some forward-looking manufacturers in regular numerical shirt sizes instead of small, medium and large. Now your sport shirt will fit just as well as your regular shirts. Sport shirt models to be seen this spring are with either short sleeves or long sleeves,” with the body of the shirt square cut to be worn either inside or outside the trousers. These gj;© in cottons, linens, and spun rayon and cotton mixtures. Another item that proves the shirt manufacturers are taking your i^erests to heart is the introduction of the summer dress shirt, in voiles, dimities, and the lightest weight materials. These provide you with an added sourcq of coolness and comfort, and at the same time keep up' a good appearance. The one color slack suit, which caipe into prominence several years ago, will not be as popular this summer. It will be replaced in many sections of the country by separate shirts an'd slacks in different but harmonizing colors.
Latest News briefs I Ek-Kaisi^r Wilhelm ... died yesterday morning at the age of 82 in his castle at Doom, Holland, where he has spent the last 23 years of his life in exile. Under the orders of Hitler his body will not be returned to Germany but will be, given a full military funeral at Doom.' C6lnbihe4 Output ... of Pratt & Whitney, Wright Aeronautical corporation, and Allison engines is, now 300,0Q(1 Koi^sepower per month higher than that of the German-controlled companies. By a year ftom now it should run more than three times that of Germany’s, it was reported last night by the United Aircraft Corporation. f British Forces . . . have again gained control of the Mosul oil fields which are so vital to the success of the Middle East forces. In doing so they also have stymied a possible Iraqi threat to their rear. British Labor ... is behind the governinent’s foreign policy by a vote of nearly 150 to 1 but it is not behind the government’s muddled handling of the home front. Their complaints are that shipping, mining and other key industries have been badly mismanaged. From Chungking ... it is reported that the Japan-ese-Chinese war is fast becoming a -stalemate since neither side seems able or willing to take a decisive stand against the other. Notice To facilitate the compiling of Jthe annual University record of the graduating seniors who are employed in industry at,the time of their graduation, all students receiving degrees next Sunday will be given an employment record card as they enter the Armory preceding the commencement exercises. These cards will contain questions pertaining to the type of employment that the graduating student may have, how it was obtained and the date that the work begins. All students receiving these cards are requested to fill them out immediately and have them ready for collection which will be done before leaving the armory. l.w.r.
ROTC^CE, Forestry Students To Leave -ForSummer Camps Faculty Ahd Students To Open Camps June 8 starting Sunday, June 8, three different groups of University students will begin special training at civil engineering, forestry and military camps. Approximately 60 civil engineering students will report Sunday at Ross Camp, south of the city, for nine weeks’ practical experience in surveying. Intensive field work on the topographical and location phases of surveying under staff members will be emphasized throughout the civil engineering
camp.
Staff Members At Camp Prof. George Lommel will act as camp director as well as being in charge of topographical work, while Prof. George Springer will be in chprge of location work. Other staff members at the camp will include Prof. W. I. Freer, and Richard Sloane, newly appointed instructor. The second summer group will be composed of about 26 forestry students who will spend eight weeks, beginning Sunday, at the permanent camp located in the Clark County State Forest near Henryville, studying surveying, forest measurements, and tree identification. The camp will be in charge of Prof. C. G. Geltz, assisted by Prof. A. M. Herrick and Prof. O. M. Davenport of the forestry staff, and Prof. George Spencer of the agricultural engineering staff. Advanced ROTC In Camp The largest delegation, composed of some 180 students enrolled in the advance military course, will report at Port Knox, Kentucky, on Sunday, June 15, for a six weeks ROTC camp which will provide -practical training in field artillery tactics. Staff Members To Attend ASME Outing; Noblesville Several University faculty members will attend the all-day outing of the Central Indiana Section of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers to be held in Forest Park at Noblesville, Saturday, June 7. A recreational program has been arranged by a committee which includes Prof. H. A. Bolz of the University staff. Prof. W. J. Cope of the School of Mechanical Engineering is vice-president of the section,
b.g.s.
Elliott Will Read Short Message At Comrhencement Exercises Degrees will be conferred on Mbre than 1,000 students thia Sunday afternoon at the 67th annual Uhiversity comniraca^ ment exercises in the Music Hall. The doors will open at 1 b’feloek ahd the exercises will begin at 2:60. As has been^the custom in the hast few yeara there mil no commencement address. President Elliott will read a shdrt message that will be included with the diplomas and then the head of each school will present the graduates from his twhv ticular school to Dr. Elliott who will personally hand the (hplo-
mas to each individual.
_____________________________ Book Style Diploma
The old style tubular sheeps^ was abandoned some years ago and this year the diplomas will be printed on sheepskin which looiks like a thin book. One page is the actual diploma and the other the President’s message to thd seniors. The list of those in the senior class shows 138 in the School of Science, 129 in Home Economics, 133 in Agriculture, 19 in Forestry, 215 in Mechanical Engineering, 3 in Engineering Law, 5 in 'Trade and Industrial Education, 26 in Pharmacy, 25 in Physical Education, 36 in Civil Engineering, 91 in Electrical Engineering, 68 in Chemical Engineering, 21 in Metallurgical Engineering and 22 in Public Service Engineering, which makes a total of 909 candidates for bachelor’s degrees. In addition to these there are 73 candidates for the master’s degree, 53 candidates for doctor of philosophy and 2 candidates
for professional degrees. Greater Percent Have Jobs
This year more seniors have received employment before graduation than in any previous year. This number includes approximately 130 men who will accept commissions as second lieutenants of field artillery in the Organized Reserve Corps. Also 75 other men have been offered commissions as ensigns in
the Naval Reserve corps.
In addition to the students who received their degrees on Jtme 8, there are 24 graduates of last January who will be here to receive their diplomas with the class of ’41. These, with 84 others who finished in January and last August’s graduates make up the total of 1290 students in the 1941 class, d.w.o.
W. A. Thomas, Allison Motors, Oufliiies Plant Protection Program Speaking yesterday before an estimated 500 Indiana firemen and fire prevention experts, W. A. Thomas, chief fire inspector for the Allison division of General Motors, outlined the organizal:ion of a plant protection program for industries on a war footing. His was a fea‘tured address of the eighth annual Indiana Fire School, which began June 3 and will continue on campus
until tomorrow.
Prof. W. A. Knapp opened the school Tuesday with a report on the training program conducted over the state during the past year. Yesterday morning saw a demonstration of the uses of the completely equipped first-aid truck owned by the Goshei^ Fire Department. Chief F. M. Laufraw, of the Goshen department, assisted by John Shanahan and Robert Kercher staged an instructive demonstration of the use of splints, a hyper-exten-sion frame, antidote poison kit and other equipment that makes the Goshen unit one of the most complete in the middle west. The truck, which remained at the school just long enough for the demonstration, was donated by Mrs. John Egbert, of Goshen, and has been in service for about 14
months.
Today’s program includes a demonstration of the'* “Walkie-Talkie”: two way radio, demonstration of the Fort Wayne department emergency truck and the Hose Bowl Championship baseball game, h.g.d. Commander Turner . . . will be in the Placement Service office Saturday to interview students interested in the Aviation Cadets flight course offered by the United States Navy. Turner is from the Naval Armory in Chicago.
Program To Honor UniversitY Tonight Tonight at 11 o’clock “Moon River,” radio program broadcast from station WLW in Cincinnati, will dedicate its program to the University. For the past month this show has honored various colleges and univfersities throughout tke Middle West.
Examination Sc^iedules For Today, Tomofr^^iAf^
Period
Day
Date
Time
19
Thurs.
June 6 .
8-11
20
Thurs.
June 6
1-4
21
Fri.
June 6
8-11
Course
Division
Period
Course
Agricultural Chemistry 108 D Animar Husbandry 25 All Applied Mechanics 21 A-C 22 A Biology 1..... All 18 All Chemical Engineering 138 A Chemistry 12 AEto
Period
.20
.20
.19
.20
108 12336..
/)-H A . . . Civil Engineering All Economics A, B B A
20
Division
Education .. C, F ..
Electrical Engineering ... A 20 .. D 20 20 L, N ......20 22 B, C 20
English
1 J-L 19 1 S ^ 3 B ....^0 3: C .,19 6 C, D 20 5 E ;9 10 C 19 19 1, J 19 27 K, L 19 27 M ...., 21 31 L, M, S ..t 20 31 T 19 82 D i9 121 C 20 121a B 20 Entomology 1 All 19 3 A 19 101 ,. . A 21
Course Division Period Foods And Nutrition 22 A, B, F 20 Forestry 28 All 20 General Engineering 16 D 19 161 A 20 Geology 101.„ B 20 Government 9 A 20 , ^ History It 3 1...... F ./20 Horticulture 12 All 20 Materia Medics 2 A 20 Mathematics Q..... A 21 4 J-N 19 11 : C 20 11... ..F-H 20 22 A 20 Mechanical Engineering 63 A-C 20 64 C 20 94 A 20
Course Division Periodi Modern Languages 24 A 1^ 34 A 20 44.! A 10 52 F, G 66 D - ^ 62 „..D 19 Physical Education For Men 22 _A ....20 39 A ^0 Physics 1 D 20 2. C, R. S ,20 21 —.C 10 21 D 20 Poultry Husbandry 26, JL J21 Psychology 2. G-I 20 8 A — .,20 Sociol<Hs:y -^-80 76. ,„„20 178. ...A ^eech ^ 14 JL-N 16, .C, D .10 16-.„..4 E :.,.„,.20
/u
.#1
»1 F
"iPeufjL 2-^£dUA.
Thursday, June 5, 1941
fijuJuiujL £xfibniMt
X'
Finish The Jpb At Hand Sunday the University will graduate approximately 1,000 seniors, who will seek new experiences and adventures in a confused world. During the past months they have been faced with the problem of whether to accept a job in industry, join the army, or sit around and wait for something to happen. Most of them have by now made their choice, and for them college is a thing of the past. However, a different problem faces the underclassman, especially the present juniors. They are bewildered and excited by each day’s wild happenings; they don’t know if they should join the army, register fpr college next fall, or forget about their education and take a job. It’s a tough decision to make, but we urge each and every one of them to return to the University in the fall and finish the job at hand. Don’t interrupt your training unless it is absolutely necessary. This country of ours is going to need all the trained men it can find to battle the problems that daily occur in this world of disorder, Officials in Washington are beginning to realize that college students with an education are at a premium. As a result Selective Service authorities are encouraging students to coordinate their education and military training, and are taking steps to defer those who afe “necessary men” and who will graduate with their class. As yet no one knows what will come after this war, but it is certain that the world and this country are going to need inteliigent lead-
fijjUiduiL £xpomttt
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congrress of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail sub^ scription, $3.60. iSditor-in-Chief Med A. Ochiltree News Editor John L. Trangott Business Manager :.......:’''ih>n S. Powers Publication Staff Managing Editor J... Leland W. Rnffher Associate Editors: J. F. Amos, J.. Et. Armstrong, D. T. . Brophy, B. L. Hadley, F. 1. Jones, E. J. Kieper. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers:-E. K. Ojemre, B. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager’: W, D. Millard. Co-ed Staff Editor Ruth Rose Associate Editors: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfleld, Martha Jane Fox. Sports Staff Editor Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors! O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Plwnee: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Represented for national advertising by National _Ad-. vertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Jones Day Editor: Chatfleld Night Sports Editor: Clark Workers: J. F. Amos, B. G. Smith, G. P. Baynes, D. W. Ochiltree, M. J. Schneider, and H. G. DeBruyn.
ership. The United States will need trained engineers, scientists, administrators, teachers, lawyers, journalists, and economists more than it ever has in the past. Each one of you has an obligation to yourself and your country-—the completion of your college education. Don’t abandon it for “some more immediately appealing pursuit.”
Nazis Plan Blackmail Of Russia By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service, Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Lisbon, June 4. — Timing their blackmail carefully with the conquest of Crete and the first Nazi landings in Syria, the Germans are now negotiating with the Russians, it is reliably reported here today. Dictator-Premier Stmin is being asked, first, to permit passage of Germans to Iraq, and, second, to join Hitler in attacks upon Iran and India. Hitler’s diplomatic efforts are as bold as they are desperate. They are based on the assumption that ultimate victory will be decidedbetween Germany and the United States, but that American isolationists will delay our entry into the war until Hitler is able to confront the badly shaken American public, partly defeatist already, with the entry of both Rqssia and Japan as Nazi allies. ' f Ready To Risk Russia * Acting on this twofold assumption, Hitler is ready to risk finding himself at war with Russia, since victory over America is the only thing that counts. The negotiations now taking place through diplomatic channels in both Berlin and Moscow are based on this willingness to invade the Ukraine and the Caucasus if Stalin refuses Hitler’s demands. In preparation for this gigantic blackmail—Russia must play the German game or be invaded—-Hit-ler has already placed nearly 2,000,000 men on the Russian frontiers. It is reliably learned that this mighty armyN^xtends from Finland through Bulgaria, and its leaders, laughing ^t German economists who want co'Haboratioh, insist that military operations should go forward. No less frightening than his mighty war machine is Hitler’s political preparation against Russia. White Russians and Ukrainian separatists have been enrolled and organized by the Germans for four years now. In Poland, for instance, there are not only these political leaders, but also special S. S, (elite guard) battalions entirely of Ukrainian Nazis and special Russianspeaking Gestapo organizations. Nazi ingenuity in enrolling. antiRed Russians is extraordinary. I have talked with a number of white Russians who recently came from Paris. One white Russian, who is now an artist, worked in the Balkans for Czarist pan-Slavism before the firft World War.
loan Geer To Tread Two Aisles Sunday Courses In Dramatics
By Alice Chatfield “The first bride of the class of ’41,” that is the title which will soon belong to Joan Geery Chi Omega from Lowell. She is not content with only being a June bride. Miss Geer will begin by marching down the aisle of the Music Hall Sunday afternoon to get her diploma from President Elliott. Immediately after the exercises she -will commence in earnest by marching down another aisle at the Trinity Church with R. E. Insley of Fort Wayne, The groom, an electrical engineer of ’40, was editor-in-chief of the Exponent during his senior year at the University and since then has been employed at the General Electric Company in Fort Wayne.
Prof. Helen W. Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women, announced yesterday that there will be two threeday short courses in folk-dance and drahiatics during the period from June 16 to 21. These courses are designed to prepare college men and women for leadership in community recreation. The curriculum has been planned for these courses so that students may attend either or both of them, for though the general areas will be covered in both, there will be no overlapping of material.
Personnel Notes
ORDNANCE INSPECTOR Lt. Ritchie will be in the personnel office in the Executive building on Wednesday, June 4, from 9 a. m. on. He will interview those seniors interested in positions with the Inspection Service of the War Department, Cincinnati Ordnance District. Interested seniors should contact the personnel office at once, according to H. W. Cope, acting director of personnel. ' * * ♦ LOAN SERVICE FOR CO-EDS A loan service is offered to junior and senior women of the University by the Indianapolis Panhellenic Association, and no entrance is charged if the loan is cancelled within three years after obtaining employment.'Any girl interested in making application may see the rules and regulations in the office of the dean of women, according to a letter received from Mrs. W. B. Lincoln Jr., of Indianapolis. * LIFE GUARD A life guard is wanted for the Fieldhouse pool for next week and the Summer , Session beginning Tuesday, June lO. Those interested should contact Clevett at the intramural office, Robbins,'43iHolds Nickle Plate Patent John W. Robbins, sophomore at the University, is the holder of a patent which, after twenty months of service, has handled 5,000 deliveries of orders to and from trains on the Nickle Plate Road. During this time the device has worked without a hitch. The railway m^y install it at all stations. The invention handles four messages at a time, so they may be delivered to two engines and two cabooses on a double-header train. Bernard V. Robbins, the inventor’s father, is night operator at the Cayuga station. He and his son co-operated in perfecting the device. b.g.s.
Faculty Meiifibers Will Attend Meeting At Michigan, June 23 Appearing as speakers at - the 49th annual meeting of the Society for the Promotion of' Engineering Education, to be held at the University of Michigan June 23 to 27, will be several University faculty members. Among those listed as speakers are Dean A. A. Potter, Profs. C. W. Beese, C. R. Binder, J. C. Lottes, P, C. Rutledge, R. N. Shreve, Justus Rising and W. Z. Luzzader of the engineering faculty and Di”* H. L. Creek, head of the English Department. Beese will discuss “Safety in College Shops”; Binder, “The Role of Fluid Machines and Devices in Connection with Fluid Mechanics Instruction”; Dr. Creek will speak oh “Teaching Freshman English”; Rutledge, on “Teaching Methods of Soil Mechanics”; Shreve and Lottes, on “Chemistry of Engineering Materials”; Luzzader, on “Teaching Aids”; and Rising, on “Drafting
Today-Fri.-Sal’.—-2 HITS
W-
HELD OVER! THROUGH SATURDAY
Air Conditioned Cool
Starts TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
20 MILLION DOLLAR GERMAN FIGHTING SHIP IN FLAMES!
An explonre thunderboll of death finds its mark .. . and the tea battle of the century is ended!
........... As amazing as the Graf Spec disaster ... the thrilling saga of a dreadnaught doomed for a watery grave by the heroism of a Britidi youthl
PLUS
mRYGM WOULD imAWSBANO ...ANDSHEDOIS TWO!
VimaMA HMSSAC-WAIWIS PIEMXff
ATTENTION Leaving Lafayette for California June I3th, have room for two passengers, in a new car; references. Write WM. B. ROADRUCK Battle Ground, Ihd.
Water Works Operators Discuss Health Problems Third annual Water Works Short Course is bmng held this Week on the campus with more than twentyfive private and public water works operators present from towns and cities throughout the state. The short course, which is sponsored'jointly by the University and the Indiana State Board of Health, is divided into two sections, one for those operators who have attended before and one for those who are here for the first time.
Room Equipmeiit and Lighting.”. Dean Potter, who is a past president of the society, will speak on “Defense Training.” Tuen sqnd your baggage to ye old homeitead by R^way Express and take your train with peace of mind. We call and deliver at m txtra charge within ouf tegular vehicle limits in all cities and principal towns. Service is fast, economical—and sure as shootin’l Just phone \ Railwa^£xpress S AOBNCy '^^INC. vA L iATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE B
LADIES’ WARDROBE CASES $7.95 to $15.00 Attractive new styles, light weight hut amazingly sturdy. Reinforced at points of wear with handsome leather rim. Overnight Cases to match, $3.95 to $8.5
MEN’S PILOT SPORTSMAN CASES $S.95 and $l€r.00 Made of split top grain leathers in black or brown. Light weight and sturdy.
MEN’S LADSTONE CASES $10.00 to $12.50 Made to last a lifetime. Genuine cowhide leather.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
622-626 Main Street
ywwwvWVWV.
Archer ITylons are betterllian ever Fine Nylon yarn makes fine Nylon stockings when knit with such cipse attention to tant details. Archer-Nwon hosiery enters its second spring with n^ laurels already won. The seams are even finer than before, the smooth fit better than ever, the duPont miracle yarn dyed in lovelier colors. Buy your longlasting Nylons in the new Archer Sunny or Blarney shades, or in'your old favorite, Echo. ^ 1.35 a pair. THEIME & WANGERIN CO. . 622-625 Main
vvvvvvvmvMwi/tvvvvvvw/w/vvvvvvVvvvviAAVvvvvva/vv^^fijuJidm £x0nani
Thursday# June 5# 1941
$^aqa, i-Sp&dA,
Dudzinski Wins Ward Het Finals, Defeating Ed Mees When Walt Dudzinski defeated Ed Mees in the Ward Tennis Finals, 7-6 and 6-2, yesterday morning, it just about rounded out'the intramural program for the semester. The final match of a tournament which began about two weeks ago was played on the clay courts beyond the Fieldhouse. Dudzinski is a freshman engineer from East Chicago. Mees is a junior mechanical from Zanesville', Ohio. Ed and Walt staged a close bit of volleying in the first set and the latter just eked out the decision. The second set was a different story, though, for Dudzinski won with apparent ease in the eighth game, o.t.c.
Cincinnati Reds Trail AsSouthworth'sTeam Rises To League Lead Major League baseball experts— the sages who don’t know a bit more about the National Pastime than the average fan, but are simply good guessers—are tearing out their hair in large handfuls and wondering when the Cincinnati Reds are going to get out of the depths of the second division and into first place, for that is where the prognosticators think Deacon Bill McKechnie’s boys belong. Maybe They’re Wrong However, these same sages ap-
Summer Students The Union Will Be Open * During The Summer Session Why Not ^ Breakfast, Lunch and Dine / Where Yon Know The Food Is Good?
JhSL fiuhdwL WsmuahiciL IA/uihl The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of College Activities
parently hav6 hot taken the tihie to explore the possibility that the Reds do not belong out ahead of the pack. Baseball-wise men—coaches, umpires, old players and the like— think a serious boner was made in the Queeii City when Billy Meyers was traded downYhe river. They also argue that Paul Derringer can not keep up his winning pace for ever and can not imagine Bucky Walters his successor for five months of a gruelling pennant race. Some even say that Bucky is more surprised than anyone else that he has been so successful. There seems to be^the tacit feeling that Walters is not a topflight pitcher who can consistently stay at the top for a number of years, as has been the case with Big Paul. Sooner or later, hint the wise ones, Bucky will crack. VanderMeer and Thompson have not shown themselves capable of giving the support it was once thought they could give. Lombardi Folding, Too Ernie Lombardi is slowing up considerably and the outfield is full of uncertainties. McKechnie has shifted his outer gardeners around and experimented at great length in the vain effort of finding the desired combination. The rise of the St. Louis Cardinals under the inspiring leadership
Saizman Cops All Campus Golf Tournament, 7-5, 6-2 Bill Salzman won the All Campus Golf Tournament yesterday morning on the course at Linee’s Fields by defeating L. V. Hoffman, 4 and 2. The match was played under adverse weather conditions. A stiff wind carried many well played shots into the traps rather than on the greens or the middle of the fairways. Salzman, a senior in the School of Mechanical Engineering from Mount Prospect, Illinois, was something of a favorite before the tournament started and advanced steadily without much difficulty. However, Hoffnian, a freshman engineer from Franklin, Pa., was not accorded much of a chance. Therefore, his finish in the runner-up spot was something of a surprise. Hoffman is a member of Beta Theta Pi, while Salzman is a Cary Hall resident, o.t.c.
Riveter Sigma Delta RSI's Make 3815 Points In Track,Field Meet University’s chapter of Sigma Delta Psi, national honorary athletic fraternity, is participating in that organization’s annual national track meet and is one of 64 entered. Each school conducts the track .
and field events and records the times, heights and distances of each event, after which the results are forwarded to the other 63. Places are determined by the lowest time and greatest height or distance.
Riveters Doing O. K.
The Boilermaker chapter has compiled 3815 points to date and is well up in the running with all of the prominent teams of the na-
tion.
Gpld medals will go to the man making the best effort in each event as well as to the one with the great-
of Billy Southworth has caused a number of people to raise their eyebrows in surprise and admiration. With the acquisition of Harry Gumbert, the Cards present the foremost pitching staff in the league—^potentially at least. Lon
Warneke has shown the steadiness and—on occasions the flashes of brilliance—^that are indicative of a star flinger Jimmy Brown,' Terry Moore, Bruce Padgett, Johnnie Mize and Enos Slaughter have been hitting all kinds of pitching and the Cards are a much sounder club afield than it was thought they would be.
est aggregate point total in aXE
events.
Dave Rankin, the jack-odt-all-trades trackster is leading the Riveters with 516 points—better than % of the markers that the entire squad has been able to accumulate. He fi^ followed by Wally Stroyeck, 464; Charley Smith, 436 and Frank
Suto, 416.
The meet will continue for possibly another week and will be conducted along the same lines as a telegraphic rifle match or swim-
ming meet.
Lots of Entrees Many other members of Hermon Phillips’ track squad are entered in the meet. Smith has shown up well in all of the running events from the dashes to the mile. Suto is an expert javelin thrower and also competes in the broad jump. Stroyeck is strong in the hurdles, high jump and broad jump, o.t.c.
J^oUawiniq^ oWu jumuxL MumnWL THE EXPONENT will be published for the benefit of Summer School Students and those who want mail subscriptions. 50c only 50c Receive a Full Summer Subscription of the 17 Issues Sent to Your Home by Maill
NO POSTAGE TO PAY
WE PAY ALL
BUY NOW AT; West Desk of Union — Exponent Oflfice Or Any of the Salesmen Covering the Campus
^ To Those Who Would Uk^ to Get a FREE SUBSCRIPTION of the Summer School Exponent Sell 15 subscriptions and you get one free! It’s easy! Call in at the Exponent Office today and receive your subscription blanks!
VACATION’S HERE!!
so LONG STUDENTS HAVE A GOOD REST DURING THE SUMMER SEE YOU NEXT FALL
Goodbye Now rf
99
PETER ANDERSON CO
24 Hour Service Phone 4048
After You, We Come First 525 Alabama SL
../Ay<y i
P/BUftt, ^ ~ ^amuuxL
Hitirsdoy, Tiuie 5,/ id4i
PoMUl £kfkmuit
Cotning Events May Soon Settle Syrian Dispute By Helen Kirkpatriek SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, June 4.—^Events within the next 48 or 60 hours probably will reveal whether the British have once again been too slow and whether French assertions that Syria will be defended againsj; the British are more than assertions forced out of Vichy by Germany. The most sinister aspect of the picture, which last week seemed the most hopeful in the entire Middle East, is Germany’s “pledge” to Vichy that France will be given the fullest German help in repelling the British should they attack Syria. Germany has been-building up excuses for the occupation of Syria, which may begin^soon, if it has not already oegun. The massing of British forces along the Syrian-Palestinian border has been cited by the Germans as evidence of the British threat to the French mandate. In these circumstances, with Ger-
man plans calling for an offensive against Suez which requires the use of Syria as a base for operations, it is not regarded as surprising that Vichy has been forced to make high-sounding pronouncements. Meanwhile, the British are saying nothing. Preparations “to deal with the situation” have been under way for some time. The mopping up in Iraq is continuing. A redisposal of the Royal Air Force in the Middle East is presumably taking place under the direction of its new commander. Air Marshal Tedder. Lack of Firmness Cited The view held here outside official quarters is that the Syrian situation was not firmly dealt with a fortnight ago, before the Germans and the French had time to takq steps to counter any British move. But it is not believed likely that the French will actually fight against the British or that Adm. Darlan will go so far as to use the fleet that has been so kindly put at his disposal by the Germans. It is thought that if Gen. De Gaulle accompanied the British into Syria he would find a considerable French element there sympathetic to him* The only question seems to be whether Syria, like French North Africa, may not go by default. Political Crisis Feared When Parliament reassembles
next week following the Whitsun holiday, the position there should have been clarified considerably. If developments are favorable for the British the fiasco in Crete will be forgotten, as Norfvay, France and Greece were, in the rush of events. But if Syria slips through Britain’s hands the political repercussions will be tremendous and Crete will assume an important aspect. Syria mishandled has the potentialities of another Gallipoli, which still stands out as a British failure. Winston Churchill cannot afford a second Gallipoli, in the view of competent political observers. However, it is premature to envisage the loss of Syria or an open rupture between Britain and France.
New space has been asked for the University of California medical school library, one of the largest in the west, because it has outgrown its quarters.
Classified Ads
Typewriters and addingr machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeogrraph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone. 2779.
miiig
BH
Why shop from store to store? Save time and money. PIggly Wiggly handles a complete line of quality merchandise at the low st prices. We invite comparison.
Complete Assortment of All Outdoor Sports
Aristo
X-Pert Golf Balls
Super fine. Long flight; liquid cent e r. Recessed ter. Recessed markings. For good golfers. Box of 12
3 for $100
$4.00
Vcdue Leaders! MOHAWK GOLF CLUBS Exclusive with Sears! Fine Mohawk golf clubs with patented new Flex-Control steel shafts that impart “feel” of club head to hands . . . make timing easier . . . and give maximum distance with minimum effort! Beautiful walnut sheaths; oval leather all-weather grips. Men’s and women’s models. Priced remarkably low!
GENUINE LEATHER GOLF BAG T Golfers! For real value investigate this bag. Double pocket with hood, padded sling. Strong elk tanned cowhide.
IRONS... Have tapered steel shafts with hickory colored sheath.
$
?9lt LI
WOODS... Have chromeplated shafts. Perforated calf grip, fine balance.
P
HEAD COVERS Leather, elastic neck. Brown with tan 9^1 shield ..
GOLF TEES Wood. Assorted yellow and red, standard ' 10/* size, 100 for
SEARS. ROEBUCK AND CO. SIARS SILL ANYTHINO AND IVIRYTHINO TOTALING *10 OR MORI ON THI lASY RAYMINT PLAN
2 North Third St., Lafayette, Ind.
Free Parking
Phone 4039
Notices
All Members of Musical Organizations: Please return all sheet music ^tbat belongs to the University immediately to the Music Hall. —PETERSON.
Reamer Club Seniors: Those graduating seniors who have not received their copies of the group flash picture with the mascot may obtain prints at my home (116 S. Grant) Thursday, June 6, or Friday, June 6. Prints are 20 cents. —ARCHIBALD.
Senior P-Men; Those who have not received their P-Men certificates please^ get them at the ticket office in the Fieldliouse before graduation. —COMBS.
Musical Organizations: All keys may be obtained at the Music Hall. —AMT.
Alpha Phi Omega: Keys are on the way. If your summer address differs from the one listed in the directory leave it with Schalliol at 306 Russell street. West Lafayette. Keys will be sent to you. —SIGLER.
PEW: Lockers must be turned in by June 7 if one dollar refund is desired. Clothing and eauipment left in lockers after that date will be confiscated. —HAZELTON.
daNce levUe FRIDAY, JUNE 6TH 8t0b P. M. Adults 25c Chiiiiren 15c SUMMER CLASSES O^EN SATURDAY, JUNE 14TH ENROLL NOW Private Lessons by Appointment in All Types of Dancing, ALLEN’S
Today and Everyday
More For Your
Used Books
WjniaMKfrSiinysiBg
Buy 1... Have 2 RRVR.SI.LE BY Th«ro an two sides to this story... One side—^a ooltwed belt... the other —it’s white . . . double value . . . double wear. Select yours today. IS UP
FOR DAD
Hickok Kolnlfe ... novel peckei piece . , . $2.50 up. Key chains.. $1 up.
Domed Kriitol Stroto-liite Initials on Tie Chain and Koy Chain with collar bar s » « » t Also Many Other Jewelry It-ems 50c up
Buy FOUR Ensembles.. • ^ But only pay for TWO! ENSEMBLES »2-5» up Buy two of these smart sports ensembles and get. . . not two complete outfits, but four! Because you’ll find the slacks and shirts are interchangeable. These sports ensembles are just the thing for those lazy days at home ... at the club ... on the beach ... or wherever you may be. And they’re so smart and at the same time so reasonable that you won’t be satisfied with only one.