VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Thursday, October 28, 1937
NUMBER 39
i
I ^
J
Complete Program Will
elcome Dads Saturday
Deceased
A full day’s program is mapped out for the thousands of dads expected on the campus this week-end for the annual Dads’ Day program centering about the Iowa game, Saturday. Starting Saturday noon, the festivities get under way with a luncheon to be held in t^e Memorial Union Building. Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the newly formed division of applied psychology, will be the principal speaker and his talk will follow : the welcoming speech by Presi-
Speak In Finals For
!e
night
Semi-finals in the Lodde Speech Contest for University women were held in University Hall yesterday afternoon. The six winners, eliminated from the 31 girls who survived the preliminaries, will compete in the finals to be held tonight in the^ome Economics Auditorium at 7:30 p. m. The six surviving contestants are Frances Ford, Gene Pechin, Louise Edwards, Ruth Bennett, Myra McKee, and Charlotte Finney.
These six girls will compete for two trophies awarded to first and second place winners, donated by the H. B. Lodde Co., Lafayette jewelers.
J. R. Trever, president of the Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, appointed J. G. Swinney as chairman of the Sophomore Cotillion dance committee at a meeting in the Delta Tau Delta fraternity house last evening.
dent Elliott.
Men’s Chorus The Men’s Chorus, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will entertain the dads and students, after which Harry Marshall, presiding chairman and president of the University Dads’ Club committee will introduce prominent dads and students. Mothers may also attend the luncheon. Tickets may be obtained at a desk in the Union lobby, any afternoon from four to six for 65 cents.
225 Game Tickets Left Only 225 tickets remain for seats in the special Dads Day section. Any student presenting his passport stub and 25 cents can reserve his ticket to sit with his dad in this section.
Another feature of Saturday’s program is the Smoker to be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union at|7:30 p. m. At this gathering the dads will be. entertained by the Purdue Zouave Squad, and by the Men’s brlee Club.
An amusing highlight of the pro gram will be contests to determine the dad who is tallest, shortest, fattest, and the one who has come the farthest. The winner of each divis ion will be awarded a suitable prize.
John F. Keller
Staff
At Horn
Specialist Dies
it!
Senate Group Sets Prom, Gala Week Election Dates
Pre-Dads' Day Pep Session To Feature
Action Is Tentative, Pending Approval
Football Drawing
A football autographed by 26 varsity football players and 6 members of the coaching staff will be given to the student holding the lucky number as an added incentive for all Boilermakers to attend the pep session in the Armory tomorrow night at 7:30.
Five other committee members appointed are R. E. Insley, W, F. Qualls, R. W. Burkes, B. H. Burns, and A. R. Shackleton. These men will be in charge of the annual Sophomore Cotillion dance to be held March 11, 1938. Definite plans incorporating several new innovations for this dance are to be announced within two weeks. Although the dance was limited to 400 couples last year, the limit this year has not been .set.
Dr. Harriet E. (yShea Will Speak At Ohio Meeting Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea, of the University education _ department, will address the department of deans and advisors and the vocational guidance department of the Southwestern Ohio Teachers’ Association tomorrow. She will speak on “Living up to One’s Possibilities—Meeting the Needs of Gifted Students.”
Dean A. A. Potter, head of the engineering schools, requests all members of the engineering staff to meet tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. At this time reports of committees will be given by Dr. R. C. Binder, chairman of the committee on food mechanics, and Dr. J. L. Bray, chairman of the comprehensive examinations committee. A report on highway research will also be given by Dr. W. K, Hatt, director of cooperative highway research.
Dr. Rempiers Will Attend Meeting In New York
John F. Keller, well known specialiskwith the University engineering extension department, died early yesterday morning at his home in West Lafayette following a lingering illness of seven months and resulting liver complications. Born in IrelancTon November 16, 1861, Keller came to Indianapolis when nine years old, where he attended grade schools. At the Big Four shops there, he started as a blacksmith and later became blacksmith foreman in the Nordyke-Mar-mon shops. Became Instructor in 1905 In 1905 he became an instructor in the forge shop at the University and through self-education, nationally distinguished himseljf in the field of metallurgy, specializing in heat treatment of iron and steel. In 1919 Keller left the University when selected as a special representative for a steel company. Rejoined Staff Keller rejoined the University staff eight years ago, working in the department of engineering exten sion. In this capacity he gave lectures throughout the state. He also served as president of the American (^Society of Steel Treating. Friends may see the body at the Seller and Baker funeral home before noon today. Services will be held in the St. Boniface Church at 9:30 a. m. tomorrow, with the burial at Holy Cross Cemetery in Indianapolis.
Dr. H. H. Remmers, of the Bureau of Educational Reference will attend a meeting on guidance and measurement in New York City, tomorrow and Saturday. The meeting is to be held under the auspices of the American Council Sub-Committees on Guidance and Measurement.
Library Bulletin Board Is A Veritable Clearing House
By G. W. Frederick
“Calling all ladies, size 18—^would you care to buy a fur coat cheap?” This opportunity, amid scores (figuratively) of others, is presented to us from the bulletin board in the hall of the University Library. A veritable campus clearing house, this board is a source of amusement and information to the many students who 6top to glance at it as they pass through the building. A good-sized placard, bearing the title “Calendar of the Purdue Christian Foundation,” catches bur eye as we discern among its other activities the future organization of a class in “Courtship, Engagement, and Marriage.”^' It will be limited to 20 persons and will consist of eight lessons according to the placard. There is no mention of lab sessions. Just A Lost Book There seems to be nothing cojn-
pulsory in the notice announcing a “Deming-College Chemistry” has been lost, and the finder “may” telephone 5418. Polite at least, isn’t it ? Maybe you would like to buy a “good” four-tube radio for the small sum of $$$6—the opportunity is offered. If you haven’t the “$$$6” maybe you could sell “Don” at 2673 a second hand camera tripod and a “good” 4x5 printing frame in order to raise some cash. He wants them. Poster Hogs Sjpace A very prominent poster fairly throivs the name “Gen. Smedley D. Butler” at us. Down in the lower left corner a sheet of paper hanging cijookedly by one tack turns out to be the platform and explanation of the Purdue Student Alliance. Two scraps of paper ask for and offer text books. A frantic appeal is made by “Bloc(Continued on page 4)
This ball, a gift of the Reamer Club, will be pi’esented by R. C. Woodworth, acting athletic director, to the student whose passport bears the same number which Woodworth draws. To receive the autographed ball, the student who holds the lucky number must claim the ball within one minute after the drawing and must have his passport. The football is now on display at the main Union desk above the magazine rack.
Pep session speakers will be President E. C. Elliott; G. A. Young, head of th!e mechanical engineering school; R. C. Woodworth, acting athletic director; and Mai Elward, acting football coach.
Parents' Institute To
Start Next Tuesday
At Regular Meeting Next Tuesday Night
Student Senate’s election committee met last night to set tentative dates for Prom and Gala Week elections. Dates set in this meeting are all subject to Senate approval when it assembles for its regular meeting next Tuesday evening. The committee, composed of C. G.
Elliott, chairman, W. Feldman, J. R. Keck and J. L. Taylor, recommended that prospective candidates obtain their petitions between November 9 and 23. These petitions should be returned by November 30. On December 14 the elections will be held.
Black, Tan Fantasy
Under this plan the committee believes Prom and Gala Week workers will have more time for work and can utilize the Christmas recess. Rules and regulations concerning campaign methods will be drawn up and announced later.
Speak To Fire Sc is Morning
Officers Renew Summer’s Battle
At ROTC Smoker
By J. E. Brock
Superiority of Battery A over Battery B was convincingly demonstrated at the first Cadet Officers’ smoker of the year held last night at 7:15 o’clock in the Union ballroom, ^s chosen spokesmen expounded the merits of their respective organizations at Fort Knox summer ROTC camp. “Beeler” Dick Craig, spokesman for the Battery B boys, did an excellent job of exalting his battery, but in view of the paucity and relative unimportance of his material did not succeed in disproving the assertions of the present writer, speaker for Battery A, whose poor presentation could not hide the great truths of A battery’s superiority. Aiiem. , Bruce Markel, toastmaster, introduced Prof. G. H. Shepard, retired naval lieutenant commander, who discussed ,the value of military preparedness on the occasion of Navy Day which fell yesterday alpng with national Scabbard and Blade D?iy. The Purdue Order of Zouaves, under the leadership of their captain. Jack Vanderford, presented another * (Continued on page 4)
Several hundred leaders of the Parents and Teachers’ organization. Luncheon and Service organizations and citizens at large are expected here to attend the annual Parents’ Institute which will be held at the University November 2, 3, and 4. The Institute has been arranged by the school of home economics in co-operation with the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers. Dean JVJary L.! Matthews, of the iiome economics department is in general charge. ' Opens Tuesday Afternoon The program will open Tuesday afternoon with a talk by Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea on “What a Parent Education Program Should Be.” Mrs. Katherine Reed, also of the University staff, will discuss “Relationship of Parents and Children.” That evening Mrs. Logan G. Hughes, of Indianapolis, state president of the Parents and Teachers group and Dr. Ada Arlitt, of the University of Cincinnati will speak.
“Fire prevention educational programs in public and parochial schools are very important factors in the more than four million dollar reduction of fire losses during the past six years in Indianapolis,” said Bernard A. Lynch, director of fire prevention in Indianapolis, as he opened the fourth*annual fire school here at the University yesterday. Approximately 350 persons were in attendance.
This morning at 9:30 Lieutenant Governor Shricker will speak on “The Volunteer Fire Department Yesterday, Today, Tomorrow.” This will be the closing session of the two-day school being held in the Electrical Engineering Building. Shricker is chief of the Knox fire department. W. A., Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, is in charge of these fire school sessions.
Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity announces the initiation of J. G. Lucek, Cleveland, 0.; J. W. Benjamin, Marion; N. Kovachevich, Gary; E. L. Schwartz, Huntingburg; and T. M. Dakin, Efammond.
Tryouts Begin Today
Black and Tan Fantasy, the annual Union Thanksgiving show, is scheduled to go under production next week. Hence, tryouts are being held today and tomorrow at four in the tower room of the Union. Auditions will be granted to all interested -in performing any kind of vaudeAulle act—instrumental, vocal, juggling, dramatics, or dancing. Under the direction of Union vicepresidents Frances jEastburn and W. K. Millholland, this second annual Black and Tan Fantasy will be presented to the student body on Thanksgiving evening, November 25, in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building.
Union Will Admil Dads Free To Blanket Hop
All dads will be admitted free to the Blanket Hop, regular Saturday mixer, which will be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building the night of the lowaPurdue football game. Lou Schilling’s campus orchestra will 1 play for the three hour dance, the price of which will be one dollar.
Hallowe’en Rioting It should be understood that any Hallowe'en rioting on the part of students will not be condoned by the University. Notice is now given that any student of the University guilty of participation in any rush rioting or any damage to property will not be considered as eligible to remain in the University. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Does Your Name Appear On This List?
Is
ine For
1938 Debris Sittings
Following is a list of all of the students who have not as yet had their Debris pictures taken. If those people whose names appear here do not call at tl^e Debris office sometime between the hours of 8 a. m. and 5 p. m. today and have their picture taken, I will assume that they do not interid to have their ^cture appear in this year’s annual and will act accordingly. Chas. D. Ehinger, Editor Debris.
Ash, W. E. Bixler, Emipa Bowen, M. M. Bliss, C. H. Buchanan, J. D. Berdis, B. E. Brown, D. R. Cassell, Martha Craig, W. H. Cooper, R. R. Cabonargi, T. D. Cooper, L. E. Denny, Helen' Decker, L. W. Decker, P. H. ‘ Dailey, L. E. Doyle, Frances Dicks, Margaret Donnell, F. L. Delaplane, 'W. K. Dees, H. C.
Danciu, C. Emrick, P. S. Farquharson, D. H. Furman, P. Classman, E. Garner, J. F. Grant, A. R. Hambridge, C. Holdeman, R. L. Hast, J. j. Hunter, W. C. Hobart, R. N. Hill, H. P. Holloway, 'V. Hall, -W. D. Housekeeper, R. N. Isbell, Cecil I^ell, Cody I?^in, J. O. Jackson, R. R. Justin, Dorothea Katz, B. Klemme, Katherine Kerber, G. Klein, E. J. Knorr, 'W. W. Krause, H. - Kidd, R. Ht Lowles, A. 'W. Lieman, W. W. Laylor, F. E. Murphy, Lillian Martinet, Dorothy Masters, Mary A. McFadden, D. Merriam, G. E. Miner, J. A. ■ Morris, R. L. Mvintz. R. Marz, R. L. Murray, H. C. Moore, E. E. Musham, W, C. Malaska, P. D. Marlow, D. R. Manion, R. P. Marshall, P. R. Merken, M. Mason, G. L. Martin, J. H. Masanz, P. J. Neilson, C. B.
Nolting, H. S. Phillips, C. H. Purdy, R. J. Parkiaon, T. K. Parmelee, R. L. Pennell, R. S. Putze, L. E. Phelps, E. Roquemore, G. F. Robbins, D. L. Roll, T. H. Rayle. H. J. Rhodes, J. F. Richmond, S. H. Rogers, Pi H. Raber, Bonnie Schelhorn, W. K. Scifres, 'W. R. Scholle, W. R. Sielski, W. L. Smith, W. R. Stinebaugh, E. H. Stutzman, L. Steen, E. M. Sines, J. Smith, A. M. Sheets, J. E. Slater. F. M. Smaker, R. E. Suardi, J. Stanback, H. I. Stephens, Georgia Teller. J. H. Turley, J. Tippy. J. V. Thompson, R, E. Timmins. K. L. Traylor. F. E. Vitale. J. Westhafer. F. L. V. Wakefield. M. C. Woltman, C. ,Woo(ti> R. W. Wright, N. B. Williams. J. H. Weitsman. C. Woznik. J. C. Woodburn, J. Weishaar. A.iHL Wellbroek. R. L. Welborn. R, W. Wuetting, Emily.■■ s
^ k ‘%V‘' i- ‘
Iff
Ml
k'i-. *^^1/.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, October 28, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Fonnded in 1889
RBPRESSNTEO
|\ssocintvd CoUealatf '^rggs (Foilftjioif^fst
National A^yertf£i?ig.ServiGe,in'X College Publishers Represeutative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicaso - Boston - toa AWGEtES - sah Francisco
Editorial Phone 6087 Campus Subscriptigns $8 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF . .
. R. P. Manion
BUSINESS MANAGER . . .
D. C. Miller
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All_ opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with thh official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Editorial Staff MANAGING EDITOR —J- E. Brock ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L., S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. J. Stanback, D. R. Vance Co-ed Staff CO-ED EDITOR — Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jah. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER ...J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER.... R. R. Hensler National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Glllilan Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER...... M. C. Reeves Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR — R, F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS.. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer.
NIGHT EDITOR..
...Hardin October 28, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR
Keller
Early Election Proposal Is Signal For Politicians Announcement last night by Chaii^man Gerald Elliott that his Senate elections committee had Bit upon December 14 as the most favorable first semester date for Prom and Gala Week elections is likely to set campus politicians a-scurrying to choose promising candidates for their'particular party and to making the pledges necessary for smoothing out connections. First semester elections are by no means a certainty yet, but we doubt they will meet much opposition in Senate unless considerable student opinion adverse to the early elections is manifested between now and Senate meeting Tuesday night. Of course Prom-aspiring juniors and poli-tically-minded organization leaders have not been sitting idly by to let election matters take their course. Party, strategists met in secret sessions even last spring to reach tentative agreements on the distribution of candidates, and names were discussed but no de§nite candidates chosen. With the approach of graduation and the.
problem of finding a job, seniors lose interest in the' triviality of undergraduate politics and refuse to put forth the feverish campaign efforts characteristic of juniors who are seeking to make a name for themselves. The experienced fourth year men act mostly in an advisory capacity while their class successors bear the brunt of action. The month preceding Prom and Gala Week ballotting is a busy, exciting period for students actively interested in the elections . . . mysterious midnight meetings in fraternity dens ... haranguing over last minute selections to fill out a ticket ,. .brain cudgeling to figure out methods of making favorable political tie-ups . , . fears that friends are betraying party secrets . . . planning of campaign publicity. And as the deciding day nears, classes are cut to carry out the more important election work ... the candidates get-together nightly to report progress, to program election day activities . . . cars and drivers are obtained ... lists of eligible voters in various districts are parceled out, appointments made for driving some to the polls . . . possible majorities are estimated. Election day efforts produce more results in Prom and Gala Week voting than in national elections, where even the last several days’ campaigning does little to influence voters. An early drive to bring in voters and a big show on election day may put a party into Prom and Gala Week power.
collegiate
By Mary Cooley “English as she is spoke” in some of our higher institutions of learning has been collected and compiled at the University of Southern California, for the benefit of less, intellectual groups. What more evidence could be wanted that Mr- Roget’s “Thesaurus” is sadly incomplete than this collection of “Campus Cant?”. “Powderhouse fluff” doesn’t mean dynamite in the strictest senses of the word, but refers to a sorority girl. “Tong” is a fraternity house. A vivacious girl^s a “fever frau” and a dream-girl is a “hot-house bow-wow.” On the other hand a co-ed lacking in charm may be termed a “pop-eyed pansy” or “green peas.” Further descriptive terms applied to feminine students are “butter-and-egg fly” (meaning she is a social queen), “cloud,” a “wow,” “lollee,” and “tin-pan.” To “junk” is to stop, and to “recognize the sore” means to under stand. Football players are dubbed “pigskins.” “Pussyfoot” indicates the collegian is attempting to make a date. “Hijacker” is a fellow who steals another’s girl-friend. We fear that Mr. Webster’s wellknown catalogue of information will soon need revision if the present trend of campus jargon continues displacing discourse in English. ' H: At the University of Texas someone had what seemed like a good idea at the time—the idea of a course on “How to Study.” So it was offei’ed in the School of Education. Maybe it was a case of the spirit was willing, but the flesh was weak, because the flesh failed to register for the course. Because of insufficient registration the course is not being offered. * ♦ Dr. John W. Jones, of Indiana State Teachers’ College, advises that psychology tests should be postponed from the first week of enrollment and set at a time when the
first year students are more composed and rational in their thinking. For most ney .college students these tests are a bugaboo which confronts them with brain teasers and intricate puzzles at a time when freshman life is very puzzling anyhow. The psychological examination is a test designed to record the mental aptitude of students along the very lines which are greatest infiuenced by excitement, strain, and a change of environment. Dr. Jones explained. Dr. Philip Dubois, of the University of New Mexico psychology department, has concluded that a “fairly bright” ape could give some humans a half length handicap and still beat them to the wire in an intelligence derby. In a Phi Beta Kappa address before a campus cultural group Dr. Dubois said, “There are undoubtedly some apes that can learn more than some men. In order to find i^is overlapping it is necessary to take for compai’ison fairly bright apes and very dull humans.”
By Sally McKee How many times has the question “Do you prefer white or dark meat of this chicken?” brought forth ftom one dying for a second joint, “Oh, it'doesn’t matter, any piece?” We’ve all done it. And why? Because we wanted to be polite. Now if your hqst asks you what piece of fowl you want, tell him by all means. He probably really wants to know—wants to please his guest. And if it was only a gesture on his part it serves him right if you ask for his favorite piece, the wish bone. The person with the. “relaxed grasp” who never wants for anything really doesn’t exist. It is on this basis that your host asks to satisfy your desire. Tell him that you want a drumstick, no potatoes, a fruit salad, or no whipped cream when he asks you.
Students' Glider Club Completes New Ship Members of the University Glider Club have recently completed a new glider. The ship, built entirely by members.of the club, was designed by Web Moore. The new ship has been aloft about a dozen times already, and all of the test flights have been very successful. The average length of flight has been about three minutes. The glider is a two seater and has tapered wings replacing the old style straight type of wings. The ship may be seen at the airport.
tiAid
Starts Today TWO SWELL SHOWS
PMtU A WOW AtlOP THAt
The Bold and Balck editor was just too ICKY-POOED to write his column last night. Of course he wasn’t POON-TANGLING, but he could have sipped a bit of FOO-FOO JUICE ?
WB A A Programs
—TODAY— 11:00—Morning Melodies. 11:15—^PTA Council, Parents’ Institute." 11:30—Parade of Melody. 11:50:—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Reba Harwood, soprano. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Scientific News Review, Dr. Carl J. Klemme. 12:45—Rhythmic Review. 1:00—Rosemary Robinson, pianist. 1:15^—Better Expression, A. H, Monroe. 1:30—WBAA Presents. 1:45,—-Market and W eather Reports. 2:00—-Geography in the News. 2:15-—Machine Age. 2:30—You and Your Child—, Mr. Jerome. 2:45—Treasure Chest, Joe Rittenhouse. 3:00—Community Chest Program. 3:15—Marvin Smith, tenor. 3:30—Melody Time. 3:45—Interesting People in the News — by Louise Edwards. ' 4:00—The Story Book Hour. 4:15—Edith Hines. 4:30—Your Radio Reporter. 4:45—Bob Hildebrand, pianist.
Richard L. Duncan, E, E. ’37 is one of the 74 cadets in the Navy flying corps who were ordered to Pensacola, Fla., for flying training recently.
Today — Fri. —- Sat.
2 First-Run Hits!
A NEW UNIVERSAL PICTURE with LEWIS STONE BARBARA READ • TOM BROWN
V
“I do so much practicing at the office I got out of the habit of playing with regular clubs.”
Honorary Initiates New Men; Awards Slide Rule
o
Chi Epsilon, civil engineering honorary society held its formal initiation and fall banquet last night. Nine men were initiated. New members, initiated, were James D. Buchanan, John A. Erickson, Henry F. Hill, Katharine V. Klemme, James F. L. Lee, Harold E. Schellhase, Fred Farr, Jr., Miltiades J. Prassas, and Frank C. Toy. Francis Joseph Woodsmall, now a sophomore won the annuah freshman scholai’ship award and a slide rule will be given him later.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOW!
ARC
TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
-and— GLORIA STEWART “GIRL OVERBOARD” —also— ‘Robinson Crusoe” Serial
SUNDAY — MONDAY ‘ON THE AVENUE’ “EASY TO~TAKE”
-^ynYToday —Fri. — Sat. 2 First Run Hits
RAPID FIRE ACTION...
“TRAPPED” BY THE
G-MEN
PLUS-
Johnny Mack Brown . ■ in , \ ‘The Gambling Terror”
SO GREAT . . . it makes four new stars! SO STARTLING . . . it makes film history! It might be YOU or YOU or YOU Snatched from your home I « ♦ • thrust into frontpage news!
MARSThursday, October 28, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
'‘.4
h
Holderman Wins Ward Race
Ward 12 Is Victorious In Cross-Country Meet
Exhibiting form and stamina which hasn’t been apparent in intramural track events for some time, E. J. Holderman of Ward 12 led a pack of ward cross country men around the two and a half mile course on Intramural Field yesterday afternoon and came sprinting across the finish line in 12:46.5, the fastest time that has been
turned in for years.
Holderman led two more of his teammates from Ward 12 in by 300 yards. C. L. Schlater and R. E. Ormiston were the two who came in second and third to give the 12th Ward a grand slam on places. All three of these men are out for the freshman cross country squad and this may account in part for their superiority. Coach Phillips was on hand watching the proceedings and seemed pleased at the excellent showing of his frosh dis-
tance men.
Inter-Battery Swimming Meet Will Be Held Tonight Freshmem ROTC cadets, who for the past three weeks have aspired for a place on their battery swimTning teams, will have an opportunity to show their ‘splash’ technique in the Memorial Gymnasium, tonight at 7 o’clock. Battery practice squads have been j-educed from 10 to the required number of swimmers, six.
Fraternity Softball Finals Are Scheduled For Early Next Week Finals in the interfraternity softball championship playoff are scheduled for next week. Alpha Gamma Rho and Phi Kappa Sigma are to play, the winner of which game will meet Phi Delta Theta, weather per-
mitting.
The winner of this match will hold the title of interfraternity champion and will also receive a cup as a reward for its efforts. Swimming Honorary Will Meet In Gym Tomorrow Triton Club, swimming honorary, for co-eds will hold it’s weekly meeting tomorrow at 7 o’clock at the University Gymnasium, After the meeting there will be a mixed swim with entertainment and group water
games.
Service Directory
— Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK »R. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 DR. A. M. JRION DENTIST 119'/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Florist — Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of eorsagres available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
— Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN — Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts. — Shoe Repair — ^ BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Locksmith — “C” CARTER for ' Keys — Locks — General Repairina Bicycle Rentals and Rep^rins Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. Dine —— Jiudul, DINE ' DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road — Photography — Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette — Auto Rental ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St. — Ladies^ Apparel — New Fall Formals Alluringly Styled THREE SISTERS Cor. 4th and Main
Purdue Given Edge in Hawkeye Tilt
Purdue Squad Will Spend Friday Night Out Of Town In order to escape the pre-game excitement incident to Dads’ Day celebration, the University football squad will journey to Mudlavia near Attica, immediately following the conclusion of Friday’s final practice. The squad will stay at Mudlavia overnight and' will return to the campus just in time to dress for the game. Iowa’s yfootball party will leave Iowa City tomorrow morning. Arriving in Chicago early in the afternoon, they will take a final light drill and then will stay overnight in the Windy City. The trip to Lafayette will be made Saturday morning over the pig Four line, arriving in Lafayette shortly after noon. 720 Novices Practice
I
Daily On Pistol Range Novice pistol practice is now well under way as 720 aspirants to the team are attending daily firing sessions, which will continue to the Christmas holidays. During these sessions the aspirants, who are divided into six groups of 120 each, will be taught, to fire a pistol and given the opportunity to qualify for marksmanship awards. Those who score 190 out of 250 points are eligible for a medal as an expert, while those who make 220 or better will receive a sharpshooter’s me^al. An expert marksman’s medal will be awarded to those who shoot 240 or above. From the group receiving awards the 40 highest scorers will be selected to try out for the varsity pistol team.
TOUCHBALL
—Today— Field 1— Ward 7 vs. Ward 1—Boyer. 2— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Alpha Tau Omega—Caparoso. 3— Ward 3 vs. Ward 4—Captain. 4— Ward 11 vs. Ward 5—Billings. 5— Ward 11a vs. Ward 12—Juillard 6— -Ward 13 vs. Ward 7x—Knox. 7— Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 4— Kerber. 8— Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Chi Rho— Troyer. 9— Ward 17 vs. Ward lOx—Smithson. 10— Cary Hall 2 vs. Ward 10—Vjin Hook. 11— Cary Hall 5 vs. Ward 2—^Beck.
Hawkeye Captain
Homer Harris , Captain Homer Harris, a madeover end, is doing a nice job at the tackle position for Iowa, improving with practice. He played the entire 60 minutes of the Wisconsin game.
Twenty Fencing Aspirants Work Out Regularly In Attic Of Recitation Building Purdue’s fencing season is now in its preliminary stages, with 20 candidates going through their paces every evening in the attic of the Recitation Building. The practices have consisted mainly of exercises and some work on form. As yet there has been no combat in foils and very little in* sabers. The squad will be built around 10 veterans, both major and minor lettermen, from’last year’s team. All of these veterans saw action in quite a few of last year’s meets. Prof. Finney, who is in charge of the team, states that the schedule is indefinite at the present time but there are several pending dates in the offing. Peace Committee Asks 50 Organizations To Meeting Fifty campus organizations have been invited by the Purdue Peace Committee to send representatives to the year’s first meeting at 7:30 in room B of the Memorial Union Building tonight.
NEW and CHARMINGLY "DIFFERENT’
3 to 9 AAA to B • HI-HEELS • LO-HEELS
* Tii|ited Free
EVENING BAGS—to match.
• GENUINE • GOLD KID • SILVER KID • WHITE SATIN • BLACK SATIN $1.00
CDRL'S
Headquarters for Evening Shoes
Boilermakers Will Attempt First Big Ten Victory; Hawkeyes Battle To Even Series In spite of bad breaks, the Boilermakers have made a good showing this season and should provide several very hardfought Saturday afternoons for their remaining opposition. Although both teams have the same percentage in the Big Ten standings, Purdue is conceded an edge over Iowa in the
battle of these two cellar foot-
ball teams Saturday. Veterans’ Last Stand A number of senior Boilermaker vet^ans will be playing their last home game this week-end and they will have a double incentive to produce a victory. They will not only be fighting to end up their Ross-Ade stadium activities with a triumph, but will try to break into the Big Ten win column. In this brilliant group of seniors who will be making their last home stand are Captain Martin Schreyer and Clem Woltman, the “tackle twins” who have been playing together for six years; Cecil Isbell, recognized to be the best all-round back in the Middle West; and James Zachary and Don Powell, sensational pass catching ends.
The Hawkeyes will base their hopes of victory on a power attack hunt around Nile Kinnick, sophomore quarterback, who is considered to be the outstanding “first year” find of the Big Ten. Kinnick is outstanding in all departments of his position. His punting against Wisconsin was nothing short of sensational. His kicks in that game averaged 52 yards from the scrimmage line. His 74 yard touchdown run against Michigan last Saturday proved him to be a brilliant na-
tural runner.
With the combination of Kinnick and company, the Hawkeyes will invade Lafayette with high hopes of evening up the series with-the Boilermakers. Last year’s 13-0 win put Purdue one up on Iowa with eight victories to seven for the Hawkeyes.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Britt Bros. Triple XXX Fruit Market Sweet Cider, gallon 25c (Made from Delicious apples — no preservative) Special Rate on Quantities Red and Golden Delicious Apples, 7 lbs. 25c FREE DELIVERY Phone 3424
CHARBERT’S
AFTER
Introducing Charbert’s newest lotion for men . . soothing, smoothing and refreshing. 1.25 Exclusively at DECKER’S
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477/
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
of the remarkably precise drills, and one member of the squad went through the drill of the soldier with a shiny, new, experimental rifle, with which the entire organization is expected to be equipped. Moving pictures of Fort Knox camp scenes of last summer entertained the group of 300 junior and senior officers. Captain B. F. Hayford showed the first set, the last part of which were in natural color. R. 0. Wickersham presented a second senes. The smoker closed with ice cream and moving pictures of the PurdueNorthwestern game.
Library Bulletin Board--
(Continued from page 1) ker” for three Military Ball tickets —at $5 each, if necessary. A gentleman whose phone number is 4096 wishs to ride to the Purdue-Wiscon-sin game, and will share expenses. Another wants five passengers to take to Indianapolis after the game Saturday. Yes, the Library bulletin board is truly a cross-section of life on the campus, and we feel certain you will agree that it is an interesting and amusing conglomeration of appeals to those who find time to peruse it as well as use it. Stellar Hall Meibers Will Give PIA Program Tonight Stellar Hall members will provide a part of the program for the PIA Night program being held at 7:30 in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building tonight. Under the direction ot Reverend North several skits, a dancing chorus and musical numbers have been prepared. Bob Shinn and his PIA boys will provide the remainder of the program. Models Will Exhibit Yarn Dresses For Knitting Club Professional models from Loeb and Hene’s department store will show knitted dresses at the last meeting of the Union Knitting Club this evening at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. The dresses will be furnished by the Bernat Yarn Company. The articles knitted during the contest which has been*held during the past six weeks must be turned in at this meeting. They-will be judged by a representative of the Bernat Company, and the winner will receive enough yarn to make a sweater. Miss Helen Jacot, will again direct knitters and help with any difficulties.
f.L.Born Will Start Bridge Instruction In Union Tonight By G. J. Tafel Can you distinguish a jack from an ace ? Are you embarassed when friends ask you to be a fourth at bridge ? Does your ignorance of this national game cause you to be a wall-flower at social functions ? If so, “you too, can become the life of the party” because a chance of a lifetime is being offered to you in the form of free bridge lessons for all University students. Born Directs Lessons These lessons, under the direction of J. L. Born, Lafayette bridge instructor will begin in the game room of the Memorial Union Building this evening promptly at 7:15 p. m. In an interview last night. Born, Lafayette representative of the United States Bridge Association, stated that he will begin his class under the assumption that his pupils know nothing whatsoever concerning the game of bridge, other than the fact that a trump ranks an ace, and an ace ranks a king. However, he did stress the fact that players with considerable knowledge of the game will be able to learn valuable facts in the finer points of the game. Born will open the class with a talk in which he will use a blackboard to further illustrate the theory and fundamentals of bridge. Following this, each table will have the same hand distributed to it, and Born will explain the hand and outline the method of play. He will play every card of the hand and explain the reason for his choice of cards. This lesson will be the first of a series of six lessons to be held on successive Thursdays. Each lesson will last approximately two hours, and will successively delve further into the facts of bridge. These lessons are sponsored by the Student Union. Dr. Potter Gives Engineers 30 Tot Chance For Success “If you compare the engineering graduate with the graduates of other college courses, the engineer has 12 times the likelihood of being the president of an industrial concern, five times the chance of being general manager, and 30 times the chance of being production manager,” s^id Dr. A. A. Potter, Dean of Engineering recently. Dean Potter stated that there are more than 3,600 in both graduate and undergraduate engineering courses this year. Since the average engineering graduate of the University has found himself in an executive or managerial post at 35 years of age, training in management is especially important. “Every engineer should know the human elements of industry,” said Dr. Potter. “We want this actually to come to pass at Purdue, and have been directing our efforts in that field for some years.”
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Freshman Exponent Workers Exponent editorial freshmen and piospective workers meet in room E of Union at 5 p. m. this evening. —BROCK.
These Men Did and Won Philip Morris Cigarettes;
Ross Drever H. W. Meyer Karl Freese M. Scalzith Harold Cooke J. Muelhausen
R. E. Glos C. W. Hamilton R. C. Peterson W. J. Gillilan Emmet B. Johnson Miss Virginia Tislow
Have YOU entered?
Have you entered? Write your score, named and affiliation on back of a PHILIP MORRIS wrapper and deposit in Ballot Boxes at DBAC’S, SOUTHWORTH’S, BARTLETT’S, THE SWEET SHOP or at your fraternity or sorority house. Contest rules posted at all above places. Final group prises to fraternity, sorority and independent group for most ballots during the entire contest on display at DEAC’S.
m.
This Week s PHILIP MORRIS Scorecast is on: PURDUE vs. IOWA MINNESOTA vs. NOTRE DAME
Robert Rosback Dies From Injury Received Last June
Robert Rosback, a sophomore in the school of mechanical engineering last year and a member of Delta Chi fraternity, died at his home in Benton Harbor, Mich., yesterday morning. His death resulted from a fractured seventh curvical vertebra. This injury was received last June when he dived into Wildcat Creek. Rosback has been paralyzed from the third rib down for the last five months. In mid-summer he was taken from the St. Elizabeth Hospital to his home in Benton Harbor where for the past two weeks he has lain unconscious. Pour Delta Chi memners, M. S. Riddiford, D. S. Pool, R. B. Dow, and J. E. Shultz, are going to Benton Harbor Saturday for the funeral at 2 p. m.
University Calendar
—TODAY— Indiana Fire School: Meeting in lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building at 9 p. m. Engineering Staff: Meeting in the faculty lounge of the Union at 7:30 p. m. liodde Speaking Contest: Lodde Public Speaking Contest will be held in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building at 7:30 p. m. WAA Party: Hallowe’en party in the Women’s Gym in the old Engineering Administration Building at 7:30 p. m.
If You Come to Lafayette, Try a Special Dinner at THE NU CHINA 409 Columbia AMERICAN MENU 35c 11 A. M. to 2 P. M. CHOICE OF MEAT Baked Short Rib of Beef Fried Lake Trout Fried Calf Liver and Onibn Roast Fresh Ham Mushroom Omelette Fried Scallops Roast Veal Soup, Two Vegetables, Salad, Rolls or Bread and Butter, Ice Cream, Sherbet or Pineapple, Coffee, Tea or Milk Included. CHINESE MENU 40c 11 A. M. to 2 P. M. CHOICE OF MEAT Chinese Chop Suey American Chop Suey Chop Suey Chow Mein Extra Fine Chop Suey Rice, Rolls or Bread and Butter, Egg Foo Young, Ice Cream, Sherbet, or Pineapple, Tea, Coffee or Milk Included. Also have your party at our private banquet dining room, or call 4966 for orders to take out.
BUS SERVICE To and From South Bend Plymouth Michigan City Laporte Rochester Fort Wayne (a) Huntington (a) Goshen Warsaw Peru Logansport (a) via Traction Lines from Peru. 4 round trips daily 5 round trips on Sunday, with a late trip returning Sunday night. UNION BUS STATION E. A. Slocum, Agt. Lafayette Phone 2105
Indiana Motor Bus Company
T. K. Noss Speaks Before Student Alliance Meeting T. K. Noss, of the University sociology department spoke last night before an open meeting of the Purdue Student Alliance in the faculty lounge of the Memprial Union Build ing.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. '
FOR RENT—Room and board at 219 South Grant street.
LOST—Slide rule in black case in or near ME Building. Initials on rule under slide “R.E.L.M.” Return to R. Metz, 126 S. Grant. Reward.
WANTED—One ticket for the Military Ball. Call Jim Manton at 2302 any time after 6 p. m.
Notices No Notices Accepted After S g
Christian Foundation Students: Tickets for Halloween skating party sponsored by
Purdue Christian Foundation, to be held October 30, are now on sale. Marshall Allman has charge of ticket sale. —ORISS.
Exponent Co-eds: Afternoon schedules in Union office are as follows: Monday—Schilling, M. ITiompson, 1-2; Wickard, 2-_3: Wickard, Thrasher, 8-4. Tuesday—Davis, Short, Pickering, Burstfield, Starrett, 1-2, Davis, Short, Pickering, Starrett, Wimborough, 2-3; Thrasher, Burtsfield, Wimborough, 3-4. Wednesday—Butz, Rossenwassen, 1-2 , Steffee, Ross, Countryman, Henry, 2-3; Steffee, Schilling, Ross, Henry, 3-4 Thursday—Sawdon, Short, 1-2 ; Sawdon, Rose, 2-3 ; Price, Owen, Rose, 3-4. Friday—Martens, Thompson M, 1-2; Martens, Owen, 2-3; Price, Martens, 8-4. Be sure to be there at each hour —PYKE
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Pledging ceremony and dinner October 29 at 6 p. m. in room 413 of\the Chemistry Building. ' —SANDERS.
Happy Hollow Swingsters: Practice October 28 at 9 p. m for Union Show. —YOUNG.
Triton Club; Meeting at 7:30 p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium October 29. Open swim at 8:30—girls may bring dates. —WALKER.
Knitting Club: Meet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 7 p. m , October 28. —WOOD.
WAA Archery: Practice October 28 indoors at 4 p. m —HARRY
Union Sopuuiiiores: My committee will report to the Union office at 4 p m October 28. —CROSSMAN
Womens Bowling: Alpha Xi Delta and Kappa Kappa Gamma will bowl from 7 to 10 p m. October 28. —GROSSMAN
Sophomore and Senior Hockey Teams: Game will be played at 4 o’clock October 28. —DOBSON.
Knitting Club: Meet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building for Style Show at 7:30 p m. October 28 —WOOD.
Union Committees: Our committees meet in the Union office October 28 at 4 p. m. —MILLHOLLAND, EASTBURN.
Playshop: All members of playshop stage Clew please be in the sub-basement of the
Thursday, October 28, 1937 Union Building at 4 y. ”’-^;^nMAN YWCA: Cabinet Meeting October 28, in the YWCA office at 4 ‘>’‘=’°«’^gjjYANT.
WAA Riflery: Practice October 28 beginning at 6.15. Pedallion and Phi Mu at 6:16 Chi Omega, 7 00 , Kappa, 7:45 , and make-up ® -CHRISTENSON. Student Senate: All senators interested in attending the convention at East Lansing, Michigan, October 29 and 30 get in touch with me at the Phi Gamma Delta house -KECK Union Sophomores: Our committees meet in the workshop at 4 p m. October 28. —HARPER, SAMUELSON, MILLHOLLAND Our committees meet in the Union office at 4 p, m /October 28 '—MATTHEWS, MASON, CABONARGI, WOOD. Our committees meet in the sub-basement at 4 p. m October 28 —TAYLOR, GARLAND.
Ushers and Police: All students who ushered and policed at the Carnegie Tech contest report to Ross-Ade Stadium at 12:15 p. m October 30. —SANDERS.
Roger Williams Club; Will hold its annual old time Hallowe’en party at the West Lafayette Baptist Church October 29 at 8:00. —GLEASON.
Engineer Subscribers: All subscribers who have not received October issue of the Purdue Engineer call 4006 before November 1 —ANDERSON
Gold Peppers: Short meeting at 6 p i October 28 in WSGA office. —SLOCUM
WSGA Judicial Board: Meeting at 7:16 October 28 in WSGA office. —SLOCUM.
Tau Beta Pi: Important meeting October 28 at 7.16 p m in the Union Building. —MUSHAM.
Newman Club: There will be an important meeting of the contact committee October 28 at 4:16 p m. in room A of the Union Building —McCONAHAY.
Peace Committee: Meeting October 28 at 7:30 p.. m. in room B of the Union Building. All student organizations are requested to send representatives to plan Armistice Day Banquet. —BUCKLES.
Don’t Miss the Last Game at Home
Send us Your Suit to be Cleaned and Pressed. Your Topcoat, too.
HATS BLOCKED
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
A SuiiabhL Dad's Day Gift
Saturday is DAD’S DAY and you will want to make it a happy day for Dad, too. Nothing will make him feel finer than to know what is going on about the campus. He has interests here, and will like to keep in touch with them daily. A gift that Dad won’t forget, and yet one he will greatly appreciate, is the delivery of the EXPONENT daily by. mail. Subscribe for $3.50, delivered anywhere.
the p,
UBDUE Exponent
‘Itt I v #1 ii