Crdtt CMiit% SitiMi;, Hofijpred Tbit
Volume No. 76
West Laiayette, Indiana
Thursday.^ December 11, 1141
Armv NaVv Minor Characters Dianitv Minus Students Seventeenth Annual Two Autos HH Lai Alibis Will Attend Annual SDXIT''T™”
In Jap War Columnists Reveal Axis Filth Column Activities In Southern Americas
“Distinguished' Howitzei’ Squad” competition to be held tonight at 7:30 p.m. in the Armory will feature sixteen crack squads of sophomoi’e students. The demonstration will be the finals in the competftion
held each year.
In Second Playshop
Love Scenes, Murders Supply Action For, Play
By Don Brophy
Rassle Tomorrow Night
Begins At 9 Today Near Campus
Welders \Will Register In MichaerGolden Shops Sponsored by the University gen-
Dies Enroute To Hospfiat; Farmer, Student involved Mrs. Julia Van Treese, 911 North
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Washington, Dec. 10—Ali bis cannot very well explain
how both Army and Graded By instructors
Student dignity and reserve is scheduled to make its annual
The supporting characters in the traditional mothballs tomorrow night at 9 as the eraf engineering and extension°en- street, Lafayette, was fatally inEach ^ Howitzer squad is com- Playshop cast again outshined the Sigma Delta Chi Riveters Rassle breaks loose in the south gineering departments and various Jured last night when she was posed of ten sophomores and a jun-- principal characters in the second ballroom of the Union. The Rassle will be conducted this year manufacturers of welding equip- struck by two automobiles^ at the ior squad executive. Training of the performance of Robert Sherwood’s, with customary austerity along the theme of a multiple-ringed ^be seventeenth annual weld- comer of State and University
last night in
circus.
away
ers conference will open this morn- streets. The cars were driven by
( ing at 9 in Michael Golden Shops. Wallace Becker, a farmer livbig Dress for the dance will be confined primarily to costumes Registration of conference mem- near here, and John Lepman, EE that no one in his right mind would be seen in at any other bers will begin at 9 this morning '44. Both men were alone, function. To encourage ad- — - — ——— m Michael Golden Shops. Some of Hit Twice herence to this revered custom lot by the student body. The Uni- in the lectures The car driven by Becker struck
and had
squads has bedn conducted for ten “Petrified Forest” weeks as an extra-curricular ac- Fowler Hall.
Playing before a near capacity audience, the cast outdid itself in
-T .L H- 1- j i.1. • The squads will be graded by a the dramatic scenes and made a
Navy Intelligence had their board of regular instructors of the better-than-usual Playshop sue- . ^ ^ h- i, -ii u i r . i f • guard down so carelessly when University Military Department cess in handling a slow-moving pTi20g will be awarded for the ^c^®lty’s “Stuffiest,” Becky Ann ^ ® ® iveie a ^^^esstons Van Treese first
Japanese planes swooped down and marks will be based on neat- opus. The staging by Bill Deam ^ anoronriatelv s-arbed bov Davis, *^® Lepman’s ...1 X,. w«« th,. nlAv wa« most appropriately garoco Doy Henderson and June Dar- and Malntenance,’^“Care and Mam- . , „ - . *
Marge Henderson and June Dar
and girl. row, will hold sway over the various tenance of Welding Equipment,’ Selection Of Choice Beards activities in the sawdust arena. Priorities Affecting the Welding Culminating months of untiring The University Honesty Commit- Shop,” “Training Welders” and effort by the masculine element on tee has announced that it has been Machine Gas Gutting foi National
campus, prizes will be distributed advised that vigilant forces for the Defense.
Tickets to the Riveters Rassle may still be obtained from any and all Sigma Delta Chi pledges and at the west desk in the Union. The price of admission, despite heavy buying, has not fluctuated above the announced
rate of $1.99!/z.
of this year’s confer-
ncr in which the election was con- ence, which is a two-day affair, is ducted. Apparently these rumors to gather together men interested
out of the early morning sky of appearance, knowledge of was convincing and the play was at Hawaii on Sunday. •'’® "“p™® a“ur“y “<1 spspii ' Their only explanation so ^ i" 1“^”® and teine Dorothy Murphy Shines „ • . U X XI n -x, • ^"® Howitzer. Dorothy Murphy as Mrs. Chisfar IS that the Pacific is a very rpj^^ Howitzer is the or- holm deserves credit for turning out
Wide ocean. However, U S. game weapon of the Army's me- the nmst professional performance - Naval Intelligence at least is dium artillery. The Howitzers used of a bit part for last night In her shrubbery suspiciLfwith regarcuTthe The pui-pose oi supposed to keep a careful eye at the University are identical with one big scene she had the audi- Is
on wh6n Japanese warships those now in regular army use, ex- ence thoroughly convinced that she loavo nnrf and nnfifv TT Q cepting for tires, high-speed axle had led a life scouraged with artifi- , D , ^ y ', * and coupling equipment. In service cialities and conventions. Sid Sterns naval stations in the Pacific ^bc 165 will fire a ninety-five pound added to the light patches of a to watch out for them. shell 12,295 yards. heavy play with his humorous inIn 1932, for instance, during the Seats will be available m the Ar- terffretation of the part of Gramp Japanese invasion of Manchuria, mory building fol* those attending, i^aple, the old man who was shot the Japanese fleet left mysterious- There will be no admission charge. Billy the Kid. ly, and for several weeks the U. S. n « Bernard Berman as the ruthless
Fleet was on the alert trying to
figure out its destination.
In recent years, however, both intelligence seiwices have been under the command of drawing-room experts. General Sherman Miles, in charge of Military Intelligence, is a charming gentleman • who has surrounded himself with wealthy young blue-bloods. Only members of the best families can qualify
are prompted by the fact that resuljbs indicated that each student in the University had voted 303.44 times during the course of the bal-
loting.
Sideshows will be provided by
car, unable to stop in time, struck her again. The second automobile had to be lifted clear of the body. The accident occurred at approxi-
mately 6:48 pju.
An ambulance was called and Mrs. Van Treese was rushed to thfe St. Elizabeth hospital, but she died en route, according to a hospital re-
port.
The middle-aged woman was ap-
,parently crossing University welding in order that^ they might ^
in the latest developments in the fields of oxy-acetylene and electric
compare new ideas and discoveries in their x'espective fields. Manufacturers and users have been invited
fiatermtics vicing for a silver to send equipment to be used in Icctrophy to be presented to the house tures and dcmonsti ations at the
Screen Review Gives Ninth Showing Today “Screen Review,” the regular weekly series of movie short presentations, will undergo its ninth showing before the student body
for Military Intelligence, and how this afternoon from 3 to 6 in the
killer, Mantee and John Clark as
the Legion-loving father, Jason possessing outstanding charactei- presenting^ the most_ appropriate conference.
istics. It IS rumoicd in authentic
Maple also turned in fine support-
ing performances. Janet Decker in quarters that genuine giowths cxthe feminine lead of Gabby Maple, hibiting unusual qualities in the showed up dgain with a finished following fields will receive suit-
able rewax’d: redness, blackness,
fuzziness, curls and length. The Bx’awl will be presided over
as tradition requires, by a bevy of “Stuff” queens chosen by secret bal-
mucli they know about the life around ^ Japanese watci-front is
questionable.
Similarly, Naval Intelligence has
(Continued on page 2)
Music Htlll. An enlax’god program will be offered today, consisting of 7 instead of the 5 or 6 short sub-
jects usually px-esented.
up
job of acting.
Arizona Setting The action of the play takes place in the lunch room of the Black Mesa Filling Station and Bar-B-Q on a lonely desert road in Eastern Arizona. Excellent scenery and properties sustained the setting
succesSfillly.
A few unimpressive love scenes
and colorful show. Barkers will provide the carnival atmospheie and add to the general din.
And Music Too
Throughout the affair Jimmy
Raschel and his orchestra will pre-
sent music, both sweet and swing, ferrous metals, a.p.h.
and lulls will be filled in with
tumblers and similar acts.
+ Late War Bulletins +
Jl W. Ditamore, manager of the und an actiop-packed finale with Music Hall, who has been instru- gunplay, murders and escapes aided mental in bringing these programs in livening up the rest of the show,
to the University, announced yesterday that after next week’s showing, “Screen Review” will be discontinued until January 29, and that present plans call for a new series starting on that date. The program for this afternoon will include: Skinny Ennis and his
for Worship will be presented next orchestra; “News of the Day”;
Thursday, Dec. 18, at 8 p.m. in the “Happy Faces”; “Sky Sailing,” a sented by the General Electric comMusic Hall." Dr. Lawrence Hadley, short dealing with the various as- pany this afternoon and this evenchairman of the special committee pects of gliding; “Peace by Adolf ing in Jeff gym and tomorrow m in charge of religious convocations. Hitler,” a March of Time feature the West Lafayette High School announced that 326 students will summarizing Hitler’s activities to gym will preview some of the participate in the progiam to be date; “Billposters,” a Walt Disney changes that are in store for future
given by the
Convocation For Worship To Offer Varied Musical Program For Christmas Following the custom of previous year, the Christmas Convocation
• imporfant' Word Awaited From Berlin, Tokyo Hitler yesterday announced a meeting of the German Reichstag, sched-
uled for this afternoon, and indicated that he would make an important purpose of the conference to be held
of the accident. Both Becker and Lepman were driving south. r.wJ). Delegation Will Attend W. Winferrowd Buri^ At Hope This Mornlpi Students, faculty, alumni ao^ townspeople will be among th&^Iegation that will journey to Nop| today to attend burial services for William H. Winterrowd, ME '(%, and late president of the Furdnq Alumni Association. Services 'will start at 19:30 a.m., according 'to E. B. Baugh, executive secretory of
Stimulation of interest in avia- the Alumni Association, tion for America’s youth will be the Members To Attend
Some of the subjects to be Covered in the demonstrations include hard surfacing, atomic hydrogen welding, preparation of plates for welding, bronze welding and welding of brass, bronze and other non-
Aeromodelers Club To Stimulate Youth Interest In Aviation
G. Ej Presents Show Today, Tomorrow At City High Schools “House of Magic” show to be pre-
announcement, probably with regard to Germany’s policies toward the here on Saturday. The conference.
United States. Tokyo hinted that Japanese officials would make a similar
announcement at the same time.
• Fifth Columnists Active On West Coast While the FBI checked rumors reporting roving armed bands of Japanese in Southern California, Jap fishermen were taken into custody in San Francisco harbor and at Seattle where apparently signal fires had been set to guide the enemy to the blacked-out city.
• British Fight To Dislodge Japs In Malaya
The British fought desperately last night to dislodge attacking Japanese forces from footholds gained in three places near Singapore.
At the same time they announced that heavy losses had been inflicted on son Arnold, ME ’43, treasurer of the
University musical technicolor* cartoon; and “Sea fo'r generations as a result of the work Japanese surface craft in attempted assaults on Hong Kong. Aeromodelers, and Ernest Gam-
sponsored by the Aeromodelers’ Club and the University engineering extension department in cooperation with the Air Youth of America, will bring together junior and senior high school teachers and
other interested adults. Dr. Elliott Will Speak
President E. C. Elliott, a member of the board of directors of the Air Youth of America, will open the conference with an address. Ali-
Yourself,” a Pete Smith Specialty, being carried on by the G. E. ic
Passports aic nccessaiy for ad- search laboratories.
Inittance as no one wdll be admitted without this proper means of iden-
tification. a.p.h.
organizations.
The University orchcstia, under the direction of Joseph M. Ragains, and the University choirs, directed by Albert P. Stewai't, will offei a varied program of Christmas mu-
sic, including the orchestra’s rcndi- Maxine Runkle
tion of The Nutcracker Suite by
Tschaikowsky and the choii’s vo- . . . Ag ’43, has been elected mancalization of “For Us A Child Is agei of the 1942 Horticultural Show. Born” by J. S. Bach. In addition The original manager, H. D. Fulto these and many other sclpctions mer, was forced to resign due to thcic will be carol singing, a.p.h. military service. Animal Husbandry Department Honors Prof. W. Smith At Dinner
ache, executive director of the Air Youth of America, will be the other
Members of the staff planning to attend are Baugh, Prof. F. C. Hockema. Dean A. A. Potter, H. G. Veni emann, ’07, a member of the Mechanical Engineering staff; Blanche Miller, ’07, of the library staff; C. J. Zufall, ’07, of the phaymaCy staff and Mai Elward, Guy Mackey and C. S. Doan, of the athletic staff. Townspeople planning to attend are Chris Stocker, close friend of Winterrowd during his college day^ Clinton “Doc” Anderson and L. D. Hiner, both members of the class
of 1907.
Kappa Alpha Theta sorority, of which Jane Winterrowd, HE ’42, iS a member, will send a delegation to Hope. Among others, Jacqueline
By Dale Butz Last night at a banquet in the pome Economics auditorium, the Roof and Horn Club and the Animal
In 1913 Prof. Smith coached the first University livestock judging team to take pert in the competi-
• U. S. Bombers Fire Japanese Battleship
Features Professional Magic An Army communique announced last night that its bombers had speakers at the morning session . xxuiuxig v-wrexo, During the show, C. E. Glucsing, scored three direct hits on a Japanese battleship of the 29,000-ton class Gamache, who has made an inten- Peggy Davis, Mary Lou professional magician, science lec- about 10 miles north of Manila in the Philippines, and that the ship was sive study of the training of youth, Miller and Marturer, and member of the G. E. lab- blazing fiercely. ° tha Raub will attend, s.b.w.
oratory staff will demonstrate and explain the many electrical phe nomena that are being investigated by the General Electric company
at present.
Admission to the show, wliich was a feature at the New York World’s Fair, will be free during all the performances, d.o.g. 'Purduvians' To Sing For Chicago Banquet
Riding Club To Hold Cross Country Squad Show This Saturday Jo Receive Honors At
First Banquet Tonight
will discuss the organization
model airplane clubs. Afternoon Discusisons
R. L. Sloan, instructor in the Civil Engineering School, and three Aeromodelers, Dick Oborske, Henry Velkoff and Kenneth Harkei, will lead discussions at the afternoon session. The construction of the var-
, , Principal speaker for the 25th
lous types of model crait and the . , i x* xv. t * * anniversary banquet of the Lafaylessons to be learned from their Kiwanis Club next Monday eve-
Members of the cross country construction will be discussed at the Charles S. Donley from nnH will hx. ..it a symposiuiu. A souod m, ou Pittsburgh, Penn., international
will also be °
will pro-
tion at the Interimtional Livestock logue to the annual dinner Satur-
University musical groups provide a background foi
Riding Club president Tom Giaham announced yesterday that there will be a Horse Show at the Purdue Stables Saturday at 1 o’clock. If the weather is bad, the
show will be held on Sunday. squad will be feted at a banquet to symposium The show will (include games on be held at the Lincoln Lodge at Takes to Wings,
horseback, contestants will be Rid- 6:30 tonight. Phil Johnson, Expoing Club members only. The affair nent S]4orts Editor, will act as will be open to the public with no toastmaster for the evening, admission charge. Nine varsity distance men, winThere will be a meeting of the ners of the Big Ten and State riding club tonight at 7:30 in room meets and holder of fourth place in
C. S. Donley To Speak At Kiwanis Program
shown.
A radio-controlled model, along with many other types will be placed on display for the afternoon
session, s.b.w.
to Prof. W.^W.*"Sth tofcoadi- Exposition. N^fafternationabShows day night of the Indiana Society of “^he Uniln, to draw up the the National meet, will be honored ing 26 University livestock judging were held du^abg 1914 and 1915 be- Chicago, honoring final plans for the show. All club with Coach ^Heroian Philhps and
teams. •
The 1941 judging team piesentcd Professor Smith with a plaque and the animal husbandry staff gave him two albums, one containing pictures of practically all former judg-
cause of the hoof and mouth di- vie czai. The group known as A1 aie urged to attend this seasc, but the University judging Stewart and His Purduvians,” wdl because it is the last meet-
ing before Christmas, Graham said.
e.e.w.
Camera Club To Show Slides Tonight At 7:30
team came back in 1916 and won leave for Chicago tomorrow morn the collegiate championship at the ing to prepare for their appearance.
Chicago show. Two Groups To Go Prof. Smith’s teams repeated this The two p'oups which will
mg team's and the other containing feat at the 1920 and 1929 Interna- the trip will be composed of - iSers of congratulations whicl tional Shows. During this time berta Schmadel, Caroline Wood and have been received from former stu- Piof. Smith has coached two mdi- Janet Dixon, all members of dents and animal husbandry men. vidual winners in the judging com- ’end Ohio State Man Speaks petition. Harmon Rarpei earned voices: Maivin Simth, Ray 1 rie , Prof Smith was born on a faun off top honors in /935 and Donald Jim Chase, and
near Nevada, Iowa, and graduated Brown won first jilace this year, fiom Iowa State University in 1903. For the last seveial yeais Prof. He received his M.S.A. thyee years Smith has had chaige of the hogs later at the same institution. In at the University and under his di1906, however, he came to the Uni- lection six grand champions and versity and began teaching gene- several fiist place winners have tics, nutrition, judging and types been shown at the International
and breeds of livestock. Since com- Livestock Show,
ing hei’e h® hRS written two books, Prof. Kays, head ol animal hus
his assistants, Homer Allen and Howard Wilkening. Nine of the fiosh squad and the four winners ot the annual fall decathlon will
also be guests, j
After Dinner Speakers
Fashion School Head Will Speak Today At 4 Today Julia Coburn, presiderit of the Tobe-Coburn School for Fashions, will speak at 4 p.m. in the
Following the fish dinner, Piof._ .^^o^en’s lounge of the Union
Hockema, as a representative of the University, and Major Grif-
Miss Coburn graduated from Vassal' and has been the fashion edi-
Modein slides on the ait of mak-
Joan Lloyd will be the accompan- pictoiial Chiistmas cards will
letics, will possibly be the principal
speakers.
, -c r - This IS the first banquet ol its
ist. The group wi t tiapeionei shown at a meeting of the Cam- l^md and is being held in recogniby Ml. and Mis. Stewart, d.e.g. tonight in room 304 of the tion of the team’s fine record this
Union. The slides will explain the season, having been undefeated in
Prof.R.E.Martell methods employed in making per- uiteicollegiate competition. In rec-
&onalized photographic cards. ognition of these records, a special
. . . head of the forestry depart- Scheduled to start at 7:30 p.ni., surprise award will be made to ment, will attend a meeting of the the meeting will be open and all in- members of the varsity squad.
fith, Commissioner of Big Ten Athpromotion manager for Harper’s Bazaar. The-Cobuin School, established in 1937, specializes in all
Society of American Foresteis in teiested persons are invited to at- The general public is invited to
“Pork Production” and “Livestock bandry department at Ohio State Jacksonville, Florida from Decern- tend Winners of the scavenger hunt attend the banquet and tickets may Judging” and revised editions of University, spoke at the banquet her 17 through December 20. He is contest held last Thursday evening be obtained from Eth Baugh at the the books are on the market at the last night on “W. W. Smith, Dean chan man ol the education commit- -will be announced at the meeting. Alumni Association office or Kienpiescnt time. ol Judging Team Coaches.” tee of that society. s.b.w. ly’s Drug Store, w.hg.
types of fashion work. Those nr teiested may arrange interviews with Miss Coburn^ through Irene Feldt of the placement service for women. d.c.p. Debris Military Pictures All Military Pictures scheduled to be taken for the Debris tonight have been cancelled. —Graebner
president of Kiwanis. The banquet will be held in the Union with musical program in Fowler HaR
afterwards.
Installation of 1942 officers of the local Kiwanis Club, whose job it will be to publish a booklet, illustrated and complete with info#* mation of the 25-year history of the club, will also take place in the eve-
ning. r.w.b.
Pharmacy Organization To Give Christmas Parly University branch of the American Phai maceutical Association witt hold a Chustmas party on Thttrsday, Dec. 16 at 7:30 p.m. in room 363 of the Union. Entertainment will be furnished by uiembers of the staff and stotdents. Everyone is requested tO bring a ten cent gift for the grab bag. Admission is free to membeto of the organization, d.e.g.^ Tau Epsilon Phi . . . social fraternity, anuounees the pledging of Edgar SheveU, ’44, of New Rochelifi,.it-pi* ^ .
0K
^ 4iiis%%t-:l}f<j^ of «l»y' Mf^Sfas ■ wfiid^rtg: ‘eiinotions and din not whothef to“ leave school or try to finish «iu^ edycation. One student m'Ote to his father cond^ii%^fei^pw»bldh»'<»nd 'received^he'foHowing'lf'eply, 4ilihh ^ rdfiects the thoughts ' Of many
MCUtTV rimiVUMG
beccmbcJr 1-5
'< ■' =^:.'-tEAGUE STANOiMG
mean ‘^d '=«nd ^esal'^^eers. ■^ade&8s’'i'n J peace arid war depends primarily on the caliber and morale of the non-coms and second iouies.' - ' ^
A kid like yourself has a clear cut mission > . ^ 11 ii- j • V end^M. L;*OMett was^dlected'pres•tn «pite "Of'^ail the mess iand ^contusion, ‘>Hwtt6un«Te i have a flock of obligations—to yourself and Normal College of Ypsilanti, Mich. 'the’hsam'^you’sa-^ goin^ to:be, to the %ife and jw, .K. Smi|h/''yniv. .of 'Minnesota,
1cfds-^6ii’#m'Sdiflfedky-'i^i^tb>^h ^iarents
andHeachef's-aMtfriendS'Who have investedAgroromy '
^-president R. K. Cutler,
Oree’on: Zhe exfeciitive 'ffii^trica'l EiigineeWiig !s.
AgricultuMl Extenaibn ■Kxebiltive ; Anltiial Husbandfy
^ThOjiSigma Delta Psi, 'fiationalHDa?ry
athletic'fraternity, held its ^’'‘sual; Agr.^_^xp. station .......
Goberal Engreering ... ,'?Daih' 1
jj* CO Farm Management
jGBhcral Stores
I 'tiCh'Well 'tnlal'iSe that ybudgdadeks^tn
Ct)il0gb and elsets^ere are in a stew of un-
d^dih#<^#i^e*^ysrFdr vvhat’h^^ and ^ ©regpn; 'the Ij^td you^'l will ^ip'you my viewpoint. effoHi^and to your dbuir^.Ut Sdeihs^toi^e Jtiai .^pririgfit^ Engineering V feh‘St^'#<^d|b®lKe, WaS^^tite^gfteRtest'War :yOtti-^^duty«dS >^kln: at 'this 1;im6—you ;must lege, Mass.,' d.' #. Anderson,' Univ. of T^feid ish’t big enbugh 'fdr "^^e;^^fsdlf %; to- h^dle^e^biggest job of 'Schiafer, ^ ’
ui'ahd'4iftlbd^^i^^*^nerjor'dater.^e wiUsht«jt' *fdf'»wid'oh-;-5^^(aPe c#Sbl6.'.It NVlH;re^ire''an . -Di-' -r'-t ohS“5y 2 ■■■".""u;::':':.:., it odt.'It wilF be ^terribly costly war andjt tal^around^inan^^butWin'^exiJanlion is ^rdb- . ^Wolts "I,'
»ly:moredmportent than .chest expaaMea. ’^WeiMdlhndfid'toiigh-minded men,:«uys who
can tliink'hard and atriaght and independent- <■ , dy and 'h0lp to steer their busdness nr country i{|it0r{ifaterility Bniwliliq 'ttberngh: the unehartfed'and'treacherbus seas 1 ■ V: ; ^ Tdaby ’ • nf'this dentd'Py. dPou are training to be one of ■ giso thsbj^gdiiJdts'and that training’is more kn- xamn
'pdrtant;than anything else., ■ ■ \
Z ^u" must look ahead twenty years, pot Theta chi.
fhursduy, December ii,
, ' X .X 'sociBl’fratefhity, announces the' initiation of, Robert Swisher, 11 Detroit, Mich.; Wallace Gardner,
12 pHinville; Paul Baiimgardt, "W. “First Line of Defense” is the ij Lafayette; Charles Bassett, Koko- a moving picture to be 16 mo,; Alfr6cl Strong', Albany.; Ray shown in room 129 of tho 'EloctviGal 17 Porter, Alexandria, La.; jjij.jo.[].)ggj.iag' Bililciing alt . I'l and 2
Coburn, Cedar Rapids, Iowa; J^in o’clock today.
This picture has just been released !and will discuss the deyplopment of the new M-3 taihks. d'he. picture will be 'accompartied by
Seymour; Afmknd Ceiici, wew ruut- q,, «The Engineer in. Dclah, Conn. . fgjjso Work.” 'Phis is the regular, 20 — ' meeting of the MiE '9O, class, sbd li Nine fellowships students are 'will Be' fOoiii sfor all dtheTs 21 among'136''Latin. Americans enroll- wishing to attend this lecture and
22'^d at'Louisiana State •univcrkily. movie, i.t.e.
Edward fei-
■ -17 •'•■
17 McKee, Greensburg;
Jg 'dodx, Kokomo; Robert Hemmirigd'S deri, .Abbulini NeibiX; Howard'ii)aVis> 18 'Indianapolis; Robert Henderson, Jsi Seymour; Al'mknd Cehci,'New Brit-
’20
ippy't^e five years or Ihiidy, dependirig oh whe^iel' ‘We'vvin It how, or th ere is 'an - i PCOPt dpsi:^: tf^caty and;a period of armed tfu6e and iirepamtiohifdr-theinext War. Whatever hap-pbhs-thfribld' days ®f pleaSdre andecomfort and ease^are^^bpe.''Our 'peofjl'e yvill have - W gdve • up •thdr'MghAtaPdard b and ddarn’ to make' safehiiflegs ■ and tighten fheir ‘ belts as most of the Other peoples of the world- have done: ,,This is tough on the older pieople who canhoteasily get back into training and tough Oh lher#lay>boy&'and pky-girls w’ho depend On their: parents 40 'kfccp life soft ah'd cozy for thi^.'BiJt'hidSt ybung' people ‘ )yill rise to thelOpi^ri'dnlty; they Zvill make themselves iit| do the^tough job ahead of-them,■iand, take O’i-eritbo task of ruling the new- world, whatever Jdndof. world it turns out-to be. ; One rihing seems certain—that worlds will hefed i^ouwg meh” With eOWege training—especiaily engineers. In civil life ds in the army, we have plchfy of good privates-—the trouble is tq'find apd, trpin good officers,Hand *I don’t
riust4wo Or''threOX;mere: are,plqpty pf;young
-men .for the. at-hiy, and iriwill eall.iy'Otf'WhOn vs., rs
PhvsicM
'Ani^nnl Husbandry ; jVWicultvral Extensi
Civil Enfelnccring:
Hiffli Individual Sets
Doran Woilkuhip Frost ..'..: -.•• •• •Pifier'
Hitfh Team Games
Physics. ’ Animal -Tltfabanrlry 'Civil Ehixincerinj.': ^ General - St6rc'< Hiffh Individual Games Doran ......’ .x 'TVIbore .’. Allon, C. P
. -1 /-I ^ . isiKmaAlpbs''KpfillohH'SvDelia'Tjttt'Delta. Pnvns
Vou are needed.But the moi'e you ^ rur K«ppa y.s. Amia- physic-, mith T.
'get‘ noW, ;the better you can Servo When
are called and tbe eaSiOriit Will be to take up ;
where you left off When your aiiny ser'rice > w. IS over. Unless you .get two or three years of Beta inieta Pi
:. ■•>,,, . , , , Phi Kappa Sigma
college now, it -is probable you Would ^nOver -Phi- sieum Kappa
.. , Pi Kappa Alpha ■
firilSh. - -Thi-Delta Theta This is just an “Uld Mau’s”' Vi6wpoih ';:|hAa‘;|h?'T.^.'’’.'’.‘^::x I hope it may hrip you-in making, your de- Beta siKtaa rZX ..^^^
cision.
Love,
Phi‘Kap'ha Tau ..... Pi Kappa' Phi .:.... Siy:ma Pi , ■'Alpha Gamma Rho
rnty,
. (Continued fmri'page 1)., been ‘'4ri ■ bharge' ht ttvo 'delightful
0Smftt0ng
Deltft Tau Delta Delta Upsilbn ;|Sip:ma Nu • Sijrma Alpha Epsilon
Acacia'
ICappa D^Tfa Rho Alpha Chi Rho Alpha Sigiria Psi
Bofh 'iBetty HaiTisdn' arid Jane •■
-;Pbt,Eagps Esi.... ..
'Stahim Set new records -Tuesday ‘Orfhinia Delta
Triangle
ret' airbases in the Colombian jungles in cortnection with “Cernian
niafitatioiis.
' It was significant that Japanese
gentlemen. Captain Alan Kirk arid st''""’" the Philiprines, ROW Captain Tea •■SVillcin.son. fidth 'which is armed to the teeth witfi
haveTheir-diairies' jistedfrithc feo- '^hmb^s, ^but at H . . cial Registef the blue-blood list of ^^®Waii had sent its best XVar;planes ,night at the Individual Swimming Tau Epsilon Phi
Washington’s .grieetiMxTocialkce. If the na^ Wilkmkbn' XhasVa large V maiisidri' read the mewspapprs it imght
across the Potoipac in Virginia, and .have been better prepared last $un- _ thereTe entertains in the very beri Constantine Brown, foreipaf ,
• fairs c-xpevt of the Washington record of the evening with 23^8
Star, pfcdicted'war Xvith‘Ja'pan’ten ,;as compared to rthe’fdtTfricr time of days in Advance and named Sunday, 25. Her'second record'Was made in Doc. 7,"as the. .Parting:date.' Ahc 4fi yard back stroke, her time Was It IIaddled Right'? '■hemg 21.2 over-dU
. . . r,i,-vpril =i(rivt i-? oWavs easier .Wfi.o^'’eddose beh'iridAv'ifh'SO:9, algrcat:as^e^.at dmner parties, arid lodkMg'fiaefk- rotting a new pool record of
waiTis it might have been better not 128.4 m the 100 yard- backstroke
Meet sponsored by the Triton Glnb > and W. A'. A. In the .40 -:ydrd free ■style Betty Harrlsori 'set her 'first
manner,'but' when it caiiic to dock. ing the U. S. S. Mississippi in New York It'tcdlv hini six arid a half
hours; , , X
; :;Captai.n3 kirk and Wilkinson arc
iipiiaiently. umrit all their young nicii-to' be likewise, for no" man .can . get into N^'i’a! Intelligence unless
to have arrested all ihose (jerraan
’■which is the best tiiifie yet taken
in’ Hiis'-'p'ool. '; '
both' giandfathefe-arid grdridmdth- spies.X Edgar;Hoover was rpijing , .
ers Wei'C horn in the ■ tl.- S. 'A. Not ‘i' for them, thohgh Pofmed Into Two (Ji oups even’^i^dell 'WiUkic ■ could qual- didn’t know if and-had posses- All thc_ meet s contc.stants were ■■ ' . : , sion of the Secret'Nazi code. Con- formed into two groups and points m" 'Wi'hf'-H . 7'. tinued posSes.sion ,of '.that' code were given for placing. The mem-^ v. X A,. ;; . ■ 'niight 'have Xrcveal'ed ' the 'hodlv-up hers of the White team, consisting i Ob'Viftumy it; is fh.e iiian who can Jietwcen, Hitler arid'the ’Japanese of S. Emhoff, B. Hayrison, Mildred ' speak d few'', |,anguagc.s, is not war lords arid the'pla'rigfor.attack. 'Smith, "V*. Gq'llman, arid R, Hen- ', afraid to- get Ijis liarids dii'ty m However, flic -Justice .Departriicrit dricks woh'the meet with, 68 points^ close cifetact ■With life, nnd lik® 'wanted to show that Die.s ■ivas 'hot in their'favor. 'The Slue team was ^ not too,parfibular regarding the Q,^jy one who was bhasirig Spies c'piriposod of B. Nicholson, H. Me-1 l-vcrechtagc of biiie hlo.bd In his j,j^j py.gj.j,yjgjj jj^Qygj,,g gygy.iYients Fariand, Casler, Bradley,. M. Hohon^ - veins, who sJiouW he^rifie to bring . .Jo y,Ateh ‘ the s^les haus, and M. Click had 37’ points. ^
r ii +1 but riot arrest.fheiii. ThiZmeet was in preparation for j
, -7 tp how carefully Hie incidcritaHy, both 'HoovCr ■ arid 0,^ Ifitrariiural nicct which riill be v Japariese. arid Nazis prepared.ior .pies 'a'pprthended ■se'-yefal JaparieSe Fdb. 10. Ei<>'lit half hour prac-'' the-'^ta^ ra:^e 'Uj.S. was un- agents;W:tite;Wek0dasf, together'tices arc rcouirdd for this and for!
..^"Zwith rtdms ;'0fXd6cuih<mt&‘showing Iiiter-collcgiate meet which =" '
^ ' espionage actlviHes^Xln dhe vi,ji;|ie2held around IMiarcJi H a.c.p.
CQn<^ii30DS .in Soutth AnieiTC^ case, the'Stated iJepai’tini^rit/foreed : ' Gcrjna’iis, Jaipis Ih 'Cbliirtfbia Hoovdr to’ turri JapancScXlOOse even Yhcy discoX^ered thdt six Mes- though an 'Amefidarii eonfe'def'atc scr.schmidt 'pld.,nes recferitly were Hyas convicted;'jh'the cdse 'of "Dies ■,
flowii'intp Coldhibia by Japari'ese the State Department, requestedTftni||J»| .|«-| Ini An pilfftsXThe planes and pilots later. Pip, not to ,publish his Seiisatibnal 111 U«Wn .disapiicartd, but fit is -vycR kpown material: ' , ' / Howard'Halderriian, AgTlv edintliat jCtfldthliia is dotted '•with'Ger- 'U. S.'heavy hoiribers: are' capabje hicrcial farm manager, ivill address iiiair “fincas” or plantaHons.-inany of flyihg 'SjGOO'mi'ri's, which is''aeroSs - ah open'meeting of the Agriculturof tlicm'’n'bt topXfar distant from fhc-Pacific .aridhalf way'bacli'aggin. al Hcdnbhiics Group to be held this iHc 'Paanh'ik‘'Gahal. These'’■pla'nta- Thus it was'''easy' fdr ■'JapafiCSe evriiing at 7:30 p.m. in ,room 3i8 Hons are isolated es^blishments, bombcrs td’fiyifroi'if thei'r fekhda'ted- 'hf the .IJnibn. - , 7^ where-no outsiderXean ascrttaln ex- islands 'to 'Ha'Wgii. Put 'apparently ' ’Halderiirih was active in'' extra-1 actly That gbe§ on. . ^ somedrie, adihe'place,'failed'4;o.giVc hun'icular'activities during his un-r .•• The Gongressidhal .Cmiiniittec al- Japanese etfe'dit for haviri'g.'just dcrgraduate dai's and during the ^ fo learned that .the Jaj)dhcse had gg .godd 'bombers' as' durs, 'plus the Jadt few years he has been commer-
ability to use them. eial manager of several faimis.
(Copyright, .1941,, hy United , d'e.’b. '
■Peat'uihVSyhdicate,’’iric,' .——— '
.sccretiy„,stdred '8','(M)0'tons of djhiamitc. :kt MedClhh, and that. other high explbslyds Tore stored by Jap-
anese fijth columnists. Axis Setret Wscs
■’Among new students ut 'Univei sity of 'NeiV 'Bi'unswick is a- native ^
The Museum of'Middie-'Aiherican
Another revealing clue was the Research of Tulaiie^ university vhas 'oj:; Nigeria. His naiiie isXOkcehuk-| rejidr.t' ttet 'Japanese and Nazi the workis finest collectioh'df Maya wa Ikejiana arid he is studying' for | a^hts bad 'establisned twelve sec- artifarts. ; Z' “ aXB. S. degi^Ce. '-ft' T,.z,- , "ri>.ri:,...L.:.;.;z r:,' .;X.;
Enl<^feil:’asBsicdnd’'«lass iBfalter-at the post p^cs iii 'L&fayctfe, Tiidiana, '''H’ndor lli'c iaet of Congress 6f W^ch 3, IfitS ‘ ■ ■ ' - >.. . . IfilTPaathorized and liitieekly scBpIStos, $i:#.
EdifOMnrChief.. Nowii'ISjItlAr...,.,. Snoftiii Editor I,.lE.......
..Ntd A. OcbiHrec ..John h- fnugott .'PhU Jotinodn
V Piifclicafion Staff ■ Associate Editors. EditttAi|l SlaA: -J. E. Anio6.'.J. n. ArmBtronaj^i ®r.*^rdpby,’ fl. E.jSlAdl*}'. F, E, C:._ Ki'/pur. ^ , Kpoftd''fitiffi'O. T'Clark, j. b. i''j'asc.r.!J..B.'kccicr. Cotd ttoff: Boylidsk.’-A'lk'C'Cbj.tk'Iii.'i'jane RamBdell.
'n, ^ Phaaeki tdiidHal andq^usiiieri, 40filtripeffs, 2792 M./’5377 ' ni ’ ,
Businekii ‘Mahaj:er.: Manasinr Editor CaH~E!ditor
toon S. Po'wers ..LcUnd W. Rngner Both'Rose
.’--'lllwiilneSa. Sta-f.f'. „ CoedHSbidaess Mdiidaer:'tooiina Siess; Office Hana'rcr! Lee '■.'..JBpBsonR;; , »i, 'j • . Eobdl.'AdVeftisinB 'MaiiaXersp IL K- Gjcmrc, R. E; Saxton : .gir^atim Manajeer: W Bell; 'Accents MimaRer: W. Junior Coed Mdhdgfcrssa'Jea'n Frankenberry. Fi-ancea'Lloyd. Julia Martin.
Kepi'fcserited’To'r’ilatiSna) adve ..1R Eorvice. Ine., College Put. Madtaoti -Avc., New york. N. Y.
, . . „-veVti(jliig'by FJat'ional A'dvertising jEorvice. Ine., College Publiabers Representatives, 420
NlchtfllMoti Jtiitoa twue ISd>.ttf'«p^'(E}T',' ■ijj!'.
Staff For This Issii* bayTE^itOr: Banisdell Reporters: D. E. Glass, M. A. Sealxo, S. B. Wolf, D. C o ..* iTjw L. L. Sehoenler. B. H. Eckstein, A. P. Hunter, Sports Editor: Fraser D. G. Hutz.
BW jj7PluJIella IMa.j|efeaUi(g(niiiPli^ iy; CarHSipj^ 'fleetyPUfi'Delt 46ft e*fid, raced across the goal for three tOuohdowhSi On Staart Field last night, as Phi Delta Thota defeated the Sigiha Chis, 18-2, in the thiM playoff of the tOftO^ball ff m&Ib ‘ PiWeviOu^ly -the two teams had battled to 0-0 *’a*fild “6'-6 ties And lost WOek’s sTx-up finish was the first timeihe Sigma Chi team had
X \ <• >■
been scored upon in two yeai s
of cOhosJpetition
Ehleirs*To Hipp Scores Two Tile ■pa'^sing combination of left
half^d lEhleis to ffipp Stilted bn the ratt^play of the game, but an intei^teption on the five yaid line by J B ^^Thbtaas, Sigma Chi, slowed the
powei'fnf Phi Delt attack Aftei un
sucOOstjhil attempts by Carson and Shaffer to pass the ball down the field, the Sigma Chis punted to
Ehlefs ^and the Phi Delta
Schedules
SQUASH Today ^ Courts 12 3 Ih ti Chi vii liiaiif, i. Sigma Pi ya. Sigma Pin Epsilon Pi Kappa All h i vs I hi Gamma Della
Thursday, December 11,
7 36 8 30
Theta 8 on
team "moved down the giidiion whcie thfc Ehleis Hipp duo chalked up the fitst six points Bobby Sand eis, lift guaid, drove haul tluough the Khe to nail Bill Caison, Sigma Chi bbek, and befoie the fiist half was bvbi, Call Hinii had caueht the goal Score 12 0 squad caily in the second ptiiod gave thq Sigma Chis two points but Ehlbis and IIipp sparked the finafscote michtay in the half uith a paS^ deep in Phi Delt tciiitoiy, IIipp i acing all the wav to make the score 18-'2 A despeiate Sigtna Chi offensive m the closing minutes of plaj, with CaiSon and Milto ShaVei shining, Was cut shoit by the lef cree’s final whistle Considciable comment was heaid from the sidelines on two of the
BASKETBALL Todny Court 1—Athring Ddtii Chi vi> Triangle" Siirma Alpha Ep ilon vs Thu K ippa ' O'lilon Phi Kappa Psi i Pi Kappa Phi sigma Nil vs Hi ta Sigma Psi Court 2—^Gates^ Acacia vs Beta Theta Pi Phi Slum 1 Kai a ShHi Xi Phi kappa \3 Sigma Chi Phi Ka) in I ui \ i hi ( amma Delta Court 3—BalFerty Siitma Alpha Mu va Alpha Sigma Phi Alpha fa i Omega vs Phi Kappa S gmn Pi Kill pa Alpha vs Delta lau Delta Court 4—Bal i ar I I imbda Chi Alpha vs Signii Phi Ep lion Kill } a Dllti Rho vs D it i Ui silon PI 1 n Ita Th ta vs Ih li Chi T ui El sil n Phi vs Alph i Chi Rho
Phi Delt touchdowns, manv spec tslois believing thbt the balP cai iiei had been “tagged” on those two occigions befoic he scoied the
touchdow n
Phi Delta Thcti
Hill
^nn I r T ifTcl
Ih mj son
W Ity M r j I hit rs
Wd nful t r i McDaniol
Game Scrimmage Tops Riveter Hardwood Drill Ycsteiday cvcnin^ lor the <^ccond consecutive day the Bodcimakei ba'skctball learn held a full length game sciinimage Staiting for the white team wis tl e tentative ti tino- lineup foi the DcPaul game con sisting oi Piostv Spiowl and Mickey Tieincy toittcicls A1 Mcnl c centei and C iptain Don Blaiiken ahd Bob Riley at the guaicf posts Piom the stalling t histle the ; sciimmage had all the apfieaianee abandoned then old wait foi a of a^^iegulaily seheduled jjamc with bieak’ “tjde ol oftense as Coach Ihe battle beino close all the was Bill Wendt has built a typical Hoo Th loseives we iin^ ^ old j tse'vs ‘'lei stylo ct fist bieiliho' ‘att lOk jumped olT to a l"&t '•tart with ceu aiound a team tnat avci ige^ six tei lied Kiampc Icadino tie way ieCt
with '•eveial fine tip ins of leboundo Mickey lieinc'^ dispkiyin, the sime fine shootin^ eve thnt ieatuied
Si^ma Chi
T I
Howe
1 (
On
(
WOil
n
Mcy i
Rl
Th mis
Q1
Cjr^iwfor 1
I H
Cai )n
RH
Shav Cl
I H
D Garmo
Get Your Style Right Shirts — ARROW SHIRTS at DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
his Wolk 111 the A\ abash ime led thou h the cfFolt to even mallei s the cliivc of the vai itj and min u,th DePail foi lb t yeai s set aged to put them in the lee 1 At hick loOms as the%ihibiSidtC piob no tune di 1 thu ' ' ' than just a couple of points beeause looking toiwaid to then two out the Golds weie ii-,ht in theio get standing home attiactions of neit ting then ohaie ot two poniteis week which Will bung U C L A Don B1 inken demonstiated that into the Pieldhoube on Wednesday he IS gettin^ into top shap \ ilh night Decembei I'J foi ari intei vome fine ball hindlin^ and dub sectional cncountt i mcl the ill slai bill! At one lime Don took the Gicat Lakes quintet on Fi iday ball thiou^h the entile lescive team night Decemhel 19 elk
in a mannei that bungs the fans to t^eii feet duiin^ a game A1 Menke continued to show impiove ment in his woik undei the hoop ind batted seveial lebounds in dm in„ the couise oi the seiimmage
af,ucultuial honoian an
noiinces the electlo i of the follow iim ofliccis Fstel Callahan presi
The Rivetcis v ill hive to be in jent RobeitSwaim vice piesident top shape loi Dct^uhs Blue Dv. Rogei Eulei ceietiij and 1:11 mens beeause the Chicaf,ons have gme Byci tleasuiei
Buy Your ARROW SHIRTS at dOUldJULdu
k i, iVW ^ fe * J
All-Star ti Team f it
I
h'.?,
umn
mi y y
Last season the DePaul Blue Dc mons deaR the PeilePmakeis then only non confcionce defeat A1
Ceres
GOpD PRINTING
at
PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Loss Money Kane's Print Shop
401 S 29th St
Phone Sios
EDGERTOH HDWE., INC. HARDWARE PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLSShJERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliwcr
New^ for Night Owl^ Jf foinial wcai is joui INemesis, see tlic ,^oo(llooking Allow dicss slut Is Jliej’ic liolli comfotUiblc and wcll-bcliav cd
1 he Allow Shoieliain, for black lie and ln\ lias a seini-soll |>leat« d bosom willi luined-dotvn allaclied collai Also "$3
irandkcieluois, 25c
K — a t}pc of eaitic i telephone citciut — is now being Link into many miles of Long Distance cable lines to iu( lease then capacity Lnginceib at Bell Tcltplionc laboialoiies developed tins circuU wlucli enables two pans ol wires in paiallcl cables to taiiy as many as twelve sipaiale lonvtisalions at lilt same lime (• K caiiiti is one of tin wa)s wi have found of adding a lot ol long tJK lilts in a liiniy to meet dtleusc connniiuiealiou needs Siuli pioblems constantly challenge Bell System im n with pionetiing iiniids. ’
College^portsWriters Submib^fh iHfitmidl Al!-Aitteri(an6rid(iers Taken fidm a poll of^hbrnc S” ‘polls writeis lepiescnting co’leges an I univcisitics in 35 st t^s atld the Distnbt of Golunbia the euhth annual Intel eOllc,,iate Spoil-. Mi it CIS All Amcucan Football Te6m Was announced ycsteidiv A total ol neaily thiec bundled guddeis wcic nominated foi ^election to Ihio didam eleven Point Basis ^ All positions weic plaedtl on a point ba-is vVith the playoi leceiv ■ing the laigest numboi of ballots on each of the fiist second and fbiid thiough the ninth teams act ing as honoiaiy captains of his le speetive team Fiankle Albeit, ^leatest quaitei back in Stanfoid histoiy and one of the smallest signal calleis in collegiate football todaj polled mole votes than any othei giiddci nominated to place him among the all time gieats Following Albeit foi backfield honois weie Biuce Smith captain of the Golden Goph eis Bob Westtall Michigan s ^ioat pile diivmg fullback and Fi ink Sinkwich shifty halfback on this yeai’s Geoigia eleven The Boileimakeis only eontiibu tion to the fiist nine teams was m the poison of Tommy Melton Co Captain of this yeai s team Billy Fldlcnbrand who is lated among wiiteis all ovei the countiy to be the gieatest sophomore halfback ol the season was placed on the fifth team along with Mfelton Bill Dudly the highest seoiei in the countiy this season while opci ating at the halfback slot loi Vn ginia could only late a thud team beith on the Wiiteis’ All Aiuelica-n The big fellow has been given first team rating on Bill Stein s All Ameucan and seveial of the otheis The lust thice teanio aie as loi
lows
I irst Team
Holt R ibt A1 lb mi Fn I All IBa mnn Noilhwcbtcin 1 i klc Emlicott Pcibody Hnrviid Gii ird D rol 1 Jcnknib Mi faoi r C ntci Oh 1 Daniel lexis G aid Del Wildunt. Minnc ot i lad 1 Joe 131 ilock Clembon 1 nd li nk Albert (Cut ) Stanfoi 1 B 1 Biucc Sn itn Minncsc ta Bad 1 I k S 1 k \ d C rLi I Back Bob Wc trill Michuan Bid / Second Team Dov Not c Dam Li I R inh 1 Caliiornu 1 d 1 1 raj ! o !i \V i bin Ion (C) Guild S av )v Colun bi Ccntci 1 r 1 tt 1 nj-l Gu ird \\itLit MidiiL ui TackI bch iiir Wi un n Dnd B ;tdl N Li DTmc F k CrT n 1 lb B d 1 I Dll BI 1 I i In Ic as I id
Third Team
Httn Icrb i T xas A ^ M Odson Minncaota Tackle \b 1 Net r ibka Oiii i I Cl I V nd rbilt C nt i W^ h n e A1 il in n G lai 1 1 i hmann Na\y ladele Ma Kinn \ liana d Cnd D Hey Virginia Back Joncb Pittsbiugh Back iK Navy Bad K Tzm V Michi}..an Back
r) ''
Basketball—-Yomorrow Night We quote Piggy Lambert while talking about the DePaol gafne totnoiio'w evening “DePaul always has a good ball club” Coach Lambert has plenty of leason to say this as the Blue Demons have Won oVer the Boilcimakers foi two ycais m a low now Last year’s 37 33 defeat, in Chicago duiing Chiistmas vacation was the only non confeieficc defeat suffeied by the Riveteis This yeai’s edition of the Bill Wendt coached Blue Demons averages bettei than six icet in height is fast and has plenty of cxpencilce Woid from the Windy City levcals that Wendt has ‘ipeCded up his Stylo of play this vcai and that a Wide open game is ceitainly in piospect We believb in this ‘Rhe thud tune is a chaim ’ stuff in spite of this big talk fiom DePaul ► Wrestlers Begin To Grunt Tomorrow Captain Casey FiCdtucks National AAU 118 pound champion and two times winnei of the 121 pound Jlidwest AAU championship, wnU lead a band of Boilcimakei wiestleis to tne annual Midwest AAU meet tomoiiow and Saturday wheie the Gold and Black wiestleis will defend the 1 team title against the cieam of the Middle West matmorr The Boilennakeis undei the tutelage of Coach Claude Reeck copped the title last yeai foi the fiist time in a gieat many yeai^, stopping the favoied Indiana team cold that had been the vvinnei foi several yeais pievious ► BetFer This Year This ycai s team should be even better than last season’s with a triU of cnteipii'ung sophomoies lend ng moie balance to the ^qtiad othfei wiestleis who will compete with Captain Ficdeiidks aio Malcolm. McDonald Maiko Matovina, Bob Butt Roger Clasman, Vfelmer Davfe,_ Waiien Eviston and eithei Italo Rossi oi Prank Ruggien Lots of lUCk to you this y eai Casey ^ Creiss CounFry Team GeFs BouqueFs Tonight the gieatest cioss countiy team in Purdue’s histoiy and one of the most outstanding distance teams evei organized m the Mid-Wcst will be honoied by faculty aluiuni and townspeople at an infoiltial banqi et ' Ed Holderman and the rest of the team finished the season with the gieat iccoid of an undefeated dual meet season the State ahd Big Tbn championships and fouith place in the National Collcgiatd *MCbt WtiSf Puidue team in am spoil evci collected a moie enviable lecoid than this’ It wn-, only by a gieat coach handling a great tca'm that it coUlti be done ^ Duke Is Afraid OpponenF Will Be Changed H IVe you heaid of the woes of the Rose Bowl bound Duke grid team’ We heal they give a little piayei eveiy night that then opponent on New Yeai s Day wil] still be Oicgon State and not Japan
El d
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — DENTISTS ‘ 400 404 Schultz Bldg “fth and Main Si Lafayelle
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
PINE BAR GRH-L
Dr. A. M. Irion
Parties —
— DEkTIST—
Our Spetcalty
119 '/z Northwestern Ave
200 Columbia
Phone 4965 1
. , . ^ J
G/VF JEWELRY The Gift of a Lifetime This year give jewelry—a gift that will hold the spirit of Christmas throughout the years. A gift that will keep its beauty and value indefinitely.
ja»~2ss.on!tMiww.
If she has a hope chest sil- \ er will thrill
her
The thrill of receiving a locket, bracelet, necklace will rate you tops.
x\nd girls, we have handsome rings for the boys.
Smai t dresser sets will be icteal for
any worn in
Other suggestions are key chains, clocks, knives, compacts, cigarette cases, tie clasps and broaches.
LDDDE S Lpttchng Jetl ^ters ^iice 1884
"A.
ftli vffo *- *■ f ^ 1 tl5 f '
iitmmural A \ 4 News
Y By Don Brewer With Class A basketball well underway m both ward and fiateinity competition, it appealed last night as though the defending ehahips from last veai had lost their chances of holding the title ^or anothei yeai of hardwood com 4l>etition Through the midsts of the organized competition have loomed io«r teams likely to captuie the crown in fraternity plaj Theta Chi, Delta Upsilon and the Sigma Chis have turned in foui vic lories in four staits, and Phi Delta Theta, three wins in as nianj staits Pi Kappa Alpha, the title defend ers, have only slim chances foi the
Clip
Waid basketball has gotten a slow stait, with se\en ward teams taking two games in as manv staits These ai e Wards 2 3, 24,26 27 and 29 Last yeai’s Class A champ was Waid 21 The Delta Chi and Sigma Alpha Mu squads are gunning foi a fia tcmity squash championship this tear, boasting thiee wins in thiee starts Beta Sigma Psi, and the Phi Kappa S’gs howevei, also have ti tic hopes, having ivon two out of two matches and the foui teams aic looking foi waid to a keen ri\ ally in the final plat offs Sigma Phi Epsilon last yeai s winneis, are out, as fai as the cup is con teined \ Following the 18 2 touchball vie toiy pf Phi Delta Theta ovei the Sigma Cliis Chief M L Clevett s oi&ec announced the All Stai Team for the 1941 season The boaid wlach decided the all stai awaids and gave the Sigma Chis and Phi Delts two positions each was com posed of R K Lane, W R Gieg oiy, Mark Matovia, Waltei Fiank Dick Fee, Paul Bussing, and Gil Walter Linemen Gail G Tafel Phi Delta Theta Wilbur C Lantz Caii Hall 10 Robert P Buiiows Kappa Sigma Call J Hipp Phi Delta Theta Hugh P Horstman Acacia William C Kashner Caiy Hall 6 John C Sexon Sigma Chi Richard S Vaile Phi Gamma Delta
YWCA Will Present
'Capers' Saturday ‘Coed Capeis” a piesentation Of
the YWCA will be given Satuiday at 2 30 p m in the south balhoom of the Union The soioiities and Women’s Residence Halls will coni'-
pete foi the Dekei Tiophy The ten-minute skits will bt pie
sented by the oiganizations in the following 01 del Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Xi Delta Chi Omega, Delta Gamma Kappa Kappa Gamma, Noith Hall, Phi Mu, South Hall, Kappa Alpha Theta, and Wood Hall
Alpha Tau Omega announces the election of the
following new officeis Robeit Pearson, piesident, John Duiet, chap lam. Jack Gatewood house manage! , Howaid Buikholdei, secretaiy Wallace Gaidnei, sciibe, John Goll,
ushei, William Miller, sentinel
Classified ^ Ads
Delta Rhn Kappa Initiation will be held rhurbday Dtc 11 at 5 30 pm in room 105 of the Union fillowcd by banquet at b p m in room 363 BIliiRLEIN
E E Seniors Those inteiestcd in at tending, a vocational guidance conference in dinspcction trip to Chicigo on Friday and Saturday December 12 13 please sign 1 fat in main office of E E Building In formation about trip will be at the top of the list I or any further questions phone me It 3063 —SOUTHMAYD Gold Peppers Regular meeting Thursday Dec 11 at 6 pm in Wood Hall Dinner will be faervid at 6 ^0 p m Pleas ea^l ph Ufore Wednesday evening if you will be unable to pttend —bGAltrF
Typewriters—‘Adding Machines all makes 8oU rented repaired and purcha cd Mime ograph work done C J Lbershoit 606 Main Lafayette Phone 27/0 Lost S gma All ha Epsilon pm at library luesdaj Call 41204 oi 3051 R w ird
Notices
Science Seniors Cr lulling in J inu ry i re isked to call at Dean I nders office Coulter Hill at their eailicst c nvcnicn^e
^ Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Farm Management Students Invited to attend a party Thursday Dec 11 at 7 30 1 m in room 318 of Union Howard Hal derman will be the speaker McCONAH Registration Workers biucknts who wish to worl foi th Regifatiar dm in„ the tcond St mister regi traiion January and 28 101'* arc requested to mske ipilicition bt ferue Christmas in blanks t Ic obtained ut the Rcgifatiars olTie Those with pre V ous (X) lencc at ugistiation or in other clerical jobs arc given piefeitnct R B STONE Ilortieulturul Society Debris pictuics will le taktn Ihursdij Dec 11 at 10 p m South Ballroom SCIIALLHORN Exponent Sophomores Friday Dec 12 I 11 gs the first ophomort edition of the >ear Ihursday Dec 11 comes a meeting of all sophomores at 4 1 for the pun o e tf determining such essential items as night tditir i‘»fauc editor etc A full attendance IS expecto 1 ii d th entire stilT will be expected to report for work Fiiday RUIhNER Military Bali Committee Meeting f-n lay Dec 12 at 4 p n m room 202 of the Armoiv DIBOS
Mark W Walton
feackfield
■‘Jesse M Shavei Arthui E Eveis
Peter J Vandeilinden Charles W Wiight
Delta Tau Delta
Sigma Chi
Phi Kappa Sigmn
Delti Chi Waid 26
RdbeitL Hodapp Phi Kappa Tau Albert H G Chun Waid 33
THERE’S STILL TIME FOR CRESTED GIFTS BUR-PAT STORE 113 Northwestern Ave Phone 2523 USE OUR LAYAWAY PLAN
FIRST CHOICE of Good Dressers Crown Cleaning Service belongs wherever smart crowds gather. Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly Srown irnmni
GOING UP!
PRICE OF THE DEBRIS
WILL RISE ON
WEDNESDAY’ DECEMBER 17
GET YOUR DEBRIS NOW FOR $4.50
DON'T BE A GLUM ALUM! KEEP IN TOUCH WITH YOUR ALMA MATER
BE A GLAD GRAD TAINT SO BAD, DAD YOU CAN GET IN ON THIS TOO KEEP UP WITH YOUR KIDS IN SCHOOL Clip Out This Coupon — Mail With Your Remittance Of $3.50
Mail to Aildrc'^s