‘ - ' ' : -"'^ ■I'”"or|?W*§Ml
#. ‘" l!'
» (
W ‘
W^r.^iiid Rumors. Of..Wai* /y\ake Strange Bedfellows Says The Merry-G6-Rbund, Of Stalin and Harriman
Pfece The Name 6f Yeur Favorite- Cee^ In the Debris Beauty Contest Box At The West Desk, Union
.v‘/4
-
‘ 4
•miim
VoMttre 53i No. 57
West Lafayette, Indiana,
ThtDrsifoy, Notrottiber 13, 1041
ion To $tart At 7:15 Tonight
Guidance ConferenceGroup ■ I tai'ii vs I II ToPresentRUR Leaders Will Meet Here y^n
to Discuss New Fronts Dr. Roscoe Pulliam Will Be Principal Speaker At Banquet Tomorrow Night
Boester To Gehducl Movie Program idea Ciiok Toiii|Rf Will Show Six In Puttering Shops Shorts Today
Leaders in the field of guidance will appear at the annual guidance conference at the University tomorrow and Saturday. The conference is a joint project of the Indiana Kiwanis clubs ^ind the division of education and applied psychology
of the Uhiversity.
President E. C. Elliott will welcome the visitors to the campus tomorrow and Dr. Roscoe Pulliam, president of Southern Illinois Normal University, will be the principal speaker of the banquet to be hel'd tomorrow ___________________________
eveSning*. Dr. Pulliam will bpealc on “New- Frontiers for the Guidance Movement” at the banquet and on ‘Tmplicahonb of the Defense Crisis for Guidanee”' Saturday morning.
Williamb To Speak
Aubry Williams, director of the
NatibnUl Youth Administration in electronics laboratories Washington, D. C., will be one of Electrical Engineering buildthe featured speakers of the after- jj^g, .yj,gj,g recently opened for stunoon meeting tomorrow. His topic ^g^^^ ^,gg_ g^ery respect, will be “Guidance for What?” ^^ese well-lighfed laboratories have H. L. Shibler, principal of the adequate space to accommodate Euclid Central School of Euclid', large classes. Ohio, will give a summary of the perform conference, and Kenneth Holland of expeiiments at the same time, the American Youth Association in -v^oj-king in groups of three at the Washington will speak on “Work 35 bench ^positions, while in the Experience for High School Youth.” equipment is available for 45
Other outstanding speakers include Poland Allan, personnel director of L. S. Ayres and Co.,
New EE Labs Open Modern Equipment For Classroom Use
students to work at 115 bench posi-
tions.
X. XX New type dead-front switchIndianapolis; Dr. Robert G. Bein- a^j.g ^gg^j roopis with 1 enter, director of psycho-educa- three chcuits leading to each bench tional clinic at Pennsylvania State pogitig^. Another advantage of the
College; Roy S. Ruchman, Nap
new laboratories is the plug-in
panee, district Kiwanis governor, ^^..p suiiounds the 100ms
and Lowell G. Tayloi, Vincennes,
Kiwanis governoi-elect.
and piovides 60 cycle outlets eveiy 18 inches. Each bench position is
Many Indiana school men who also equipped with auxiliai y flnohave been leaders in the guidance rescent lighting. Adjoining the new field Will take part in the program, labs aio lecture, instrument, and including Dr. Charles H. Lawshe of shop oi maintenance looms.
the University staff.
All meetings will be held in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. In
Students in the “required” electi onics course, EE 50, started in
, _ . 1935 and developed by Prof. C. W. charge of the Conference Commit- Caldwell, will use the laiger of the
two laboiatoiios. Those in the advanced course in electionics, which is taught by Dr. C. S. Roys, will carry on their experiments in the
smaller room, a.p.h.
tee IS Prof. H. H. Remmers, director of Education Reference, education and applied psychology de-
partment. a.l.w.
ASME Will Hear Parker
Speak Tomorrow Morning Jheta Chapter student branch of American So- • cicty of Mechanical Engineers will ... of the Wesley playei.s will hear James W. Parker of Detioit, hold an open meeeting at 7:30 toMich., national president-elect of night in the Wesley Foundation ASME, at 11 a. m. tomorrow on the house. This meeting will last one subject, “Attack on Bewilderment.” hour ahd is open to any student inParker will be the guest of honor terested in dramatics. At the meetat a luncheon in the old chestnut ing tryouts will be held for the play, loom in the Union. His aeldress is “One Thing Thou Lackest,” by open to the public and will be held Blanche Bayliss. Harold I'' Cutchin room 109 of the Electrical Engi- eon, vice-president of the ■Jiapter, neering Building, a.l.w. will pieside.
“RUR” (Rossum’s Universal Robots), an unrealistic play with an unnatural setting, will be presented free of charge tonight at 7:30 and Saturday at 8 in Eliza Fowler Hall by the Playshop laboratory group. Setting for the laboratory theatre was designed by S. M. Marks and is built on different levels with columns and black drapes offering a sharp contrast. Although the play is produced by the students, the factulty has closely supervised the work of the lab group. Sam Marks is the staff director and Jo Stong is the student directot. Dick Sidwell is the manager of the lab group, Ruth Dray is assistant stage director and Janet Decker is stage manager for the produc-
tion.
This play was written by Karel Capek and is the first play of this type to be presented on the Playshop stage during the last four years. Cast for the show includes: Leon Thorpe as Harry Domin; Mary Ann Click as Sulla; Wallace Cook as Marius; Roberta Lewis as Helena Glory; Harold Warren as Dr. Gall; Vince Wall as Fabrey; Constantine Tsaros as Alquist; David Coil as Busman; Lois Jane Vaughn as Nana and Ernest Nordlinger as Radius. Ralph Simpson will be the first robot, Rudolph MacRoberts is the second robot and Roberta Lewis is the robotess. John Robert Wood represents Primus and the rest of the robots will be depicted by Jack Newman, Prank Wilson, Bill Bachelder, Grant Fielding, Roland Cederholm, Tom Bushnell, Grafton Longden, Ed McCombs and Red Swenson, d.c.b. Military Ball Programs Military Ball programs will be available today at 8 a. m. at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. Programs may be obtained upon presentation of the Ball ticket and the holder’s passport till 4 p. m. today and tomorrow. According to an announcement made yesterday a few ball tickets returned by purchasers will be available on general sale today \ at the Cashier’s office at the regular price of $2.75.
C. F. Boester, head of the University Housing Research, will conduct another meeting of the idea clinic tonight at 7;30 in the Puttering Shops in the Union. The clinic is being offered this year by the Shops as an advice source for student inventors and designers. Opendiscussion in nature, the meetings enable students to benefit from each Other’s ideas. Three Values Boester lists throe values obtained from the clinic: (1) It is a challenge to the imagination of the students who attend. (2) For those who have ideas, it offers ways and means of putting the ideas into workable form. (3) Foi mechanically - minded people, who haven’t clearcut ideas, it offers new ideas and the means to work on them.
“Screen Review,” the regular weekly series of movie short presentations will be shown for the sixth time to the student body this afternoon from 3 to 6 in the Music Hall. Selected with the interests of the student body in mind, the shoi’t subjects shown will run continuously for the three hours, and, this week, the program will be made up of six shorts instead of the
usual five.
This afternoon’s program will include: “Forbidden Passage” of the Clime Does Not Pay series at 3:05, 4:19 and 5:33; Vincent Lopez and his orchestra at 3:25, 4:39 and 5:33; “News of the Day” at 3:35 and 4:49; “Alluring Alaska,” a Travelogue, at 3:43 and 4:57; “Crisis in the Atlantic,” a March of Time feature, at 3:53 and 5:07; and “Donald Duck’s Laundry,” a Walt Disney
cartoon, at 4:11 and 5:25.
Passports are absolutely necessary for admission and the Gimlets, Reamers, and Student Union workers at the doors will admit no one without this identification, a.p.h.
Stewart To Lead Glee Club In College Songs; Miller^ Mann Will Talk By Bob Fischer At 7:15 tonight the activities of the evening will be concentrated at the fifth in this year’^s series of “modem design” pep sessions which will take place in front of the State Street entrance to the Union. Plans have been formulated to send the team off to the Badger tilt with a pep sessjon designed along the general lines of a Hollywood premiere with loudspeakers blaring forth and a battery of spotlights picking out the ______________________ celebrities and speakers of the
Inventor In Own Right
An inventor in his own right, Boester has had several hundred of his own ideas patented. He is lending his time this year to students
■with right ideas, assisting them to r< t develop their inventions. This is the Pftlll* PsiSt StudeOtS
first time that an opportunity of this sort ha^ existed on the campus
for students.
Me'ettngs" A Success Past meetings of the clinic have been a success, with Students from the various schools bringing representative ideas. Boester has given advice on refrigeration, housing, machine design, gear design and fence design. Coeds are reminded that they aie welcome to bring ideas to meetings. Students without concietc. ideas aio invited to att'end, loo, in order that they might obtain
usable ones.
-H Clubs To Show Wares At Livestock Exposition, Nov. 28 Mary A. Masten, associate in 4-H Club work at the University, ai^ nounced that Hoosier exhibits in the
Peggy Howard ... Pi Phi town girl and foi mer student, married Walter Loelfer, Mhi ’41, Theta Xi from Oklahoma City, Okla., Nov. 1 in the Little Church Around the Corner m New York City. They are now living in Bridgeport, Conn.
Purdue Agriculturist Begins 36th Year ' , I As Monthly Voice From South Campus
By Art Hunter
One of the more deserving campus publications, comparatively unknown to the students outside the Agiicultural campus yet certainly worthy of mention here, is the Purdue Agriculturist. Published and edited entirely by students from the campus south of State Street, the Agriculturist receives supplementary aid'from the deans and the heads of the departments in the School of Agriculture, wh'o check technical articles requiring their advice ahd experience. Shows Much Progress The magazine has come a long way Since thb fii’st issue rolled off the press back in 1906—back when W. E. Stone was piesident oil the University and the Expolient had beeh a daily but two short years. Duiing that first yeslr Editoi-in-Cjhief E. J. Low'd waS i-esponsiblc lor seeing that the 7 by 10 magazine made the deadline each month. A lecord of which the Agriculturist workeis may well be prolid IS the fact that, since its first issue, the magazine has come out month after month, year after year without missing a single issue. Few agiicultural publications can boast similarly, for dining the lean years of the last depression farm maga-
zines dropped out of circulation by the double dozens. Few Changes In 1921 While browsing thiough the complete Agriculturist libraiy located in ^riciiltuial Hall in the offices of D'eanXjC. Freeman, associate dean oi the Sehool of Agrieultuie, we discovered that the publication was subjected to a few changes in October of 1921 as modern design came to the foi'e, and the size of the pages was increased to 9 by 12 inches. This page size has prevailed to the
present day.
50 Cents Per Annum Throughout its entii'e 35 yeais of existende the subsciiption price of the magazine has been kept at 50 cents pdr annum, while the circulatioh has varied between 1,000 and 2,0()0 each month. This year the circulati'on runs between 1,200 and 1,500 with about 300 of the.so going to subscribers on the campus while the reinai'ning numbers aie mailed to all sections of the country. Copies g;o to fanners, alumni, agricultuial officials, county agents and to libiaries throughout the nation. In the October, 1929, issue we ran acioss_ the following paragraph which exemplifies the purpose of the publication during its entire
lifetime of more than a quarter of a century: “to disseminate the latest scientific knowledge concerning agriculture and home economies, to incite the young jjieople of Indiana to a greater desire for tiaining in agricultural and industrial pursuits, to publish matters of interest concerning the School of Agriculture and the Experiment Station, and to aifoi’d opportunity to students for training in agiicultiual joiunal-
ism.”
Two Issues Off Press This semester’s Agriculturist .staff under Arthur E. Snyder, edi-tor-in-chief, has already leceived two issues from their printers in Corydon, Ihdiana, and are now working on the December magazine. The October issue, featuring Jane Ostrander on the cover, came out early last month and only last Monday the November issue was leleased. So to those Engineeiing, Science, Physical Ed, and Home Ec students interested in ho-yv the other half lives, we say, “Pick up an issue of The Purdue Agriculturist one of these days and find out a little about the doin’s on the campus of one of the biggest and best agricultural schools in the country.”
Puttering Shop equipment is made available tor making working models and detailed diawings, and any student dcsiiing to work on his idea is encouraged to do so. s.b.w. Smith Speaks Before Participants In Annual Muck Growers Show Glen Smith, of the Univeisity staff, was one of the featuied speakers at the 12th annual Northcin Indiana Muck Growers Association show, which is now in progless at LaPorte. The subject of Smith’s address was “Sweet Corn on Muck Soils.” During the afternoon session, Charles T. Gregory of the University spoke on “Diseases of Vegetable Crops with Special Emphasis on Potato Ring Rot.” G. E. Gould of the Ag staff addressed the gathering on “Spraying Vegetable Crops.” Ellis Will Speak N. K. Ellis of the hortieultuie depaitment will speak at the morning session today on “Miscellaneous Crops for Muck Soils.” M. G. Smith of the farm management department will speak at the afternoon meeting on “Costs in Peppermint Production.” Otheis of the Univeisity staff' will address the sessions to be held next week. Among these are R. W. Sampson, Roscoe Fraser, Dean of Agrieultuie H. J. Reed, Bernice Kohlmeyef and Lois Oberhelman. A1 Stewart, diiector of the musical organizations on campus, will direct the combined Home Economics choruses, d.e.g. Nine More Days Only nine more days remain before the mighty Boilermakers take on an lU delegation in our annual football tete-a-tete. In ten more days, the Old Oaken Bucket will once more repose on a more worthy campus. And nobody is going to forget the eventful day. Not if the Pep Session Committee can help it. This afternoon public announcement of the coming fracas will be made in the form of a sign on the front of the Union. The sign will state the time lapse between now and the return of the Bucket. Watefi those days disap-
pear.
Enroll For Degrees In Harvard Course Word was received yesterday by the alumni office that four former University men have enrolled in Haivard Business School and intend to woik for master^s degrees in Business Aclministiation. The eniollees arc J. H. Dean, ME,’40, J. B. Quinn, ME ’40, G. E. Hamilton, ChE ’41, and W. G. Wright, EE
’41.
This course, along with another special 12-month course, will be offered by Haivard beginning Jan. 26, 1942. Accoiding to Wallace B. Donham, dean of Harvard graduate school of business administration, the purpose of the 12-month course is to train men for production work in defense industi’ies. Due to the necessity for increased production of vital defense material, there is a shortage of young men trained for junior factory supervisors’ jobs. It is the aim of the course to remedy this shortage. The other alternative in this special session of defense courses includes combined work for a master’s degree in business administration and advanced military training. Those successfully completing the course will be commissioned as second lieutenants in the Officers Reserve of the Army Quartermaster Corps. Coed Hours Coed hours for Military Ball will be 2 a. m. Saturday, Nov. 15, Hours for Tuesday, Nov. 18, will be 12 p. m.
home -economics division of the twentieth National 4-H Club* Congress will be held in Chicago Nov. 28 to Dec. 6, in connection with the International Livestock Exhibitidn. Each state is limited to one entry in each class of the competition. Entries will be rated in the blue, red or white ribbon group, and cash awards will be offered by the Union Stock Yard and Transit Co., Chi-
cago, 111.
Nine Members Chosen Indiana has chosen nine outstanding 4-H Club members to represent the state in the following classes: Juanita Unger, 19, Owen County, will exhibit five jars of food which might be used for an emergency dinner. Elsie Sieknjan, 17, Bartholomew County, will exhibit five jars of different canned vegetables. Marjorie Byerley, 14, Adam,s County, will exhibit five jars of varied
canned fruits. Other Exhibiters
Katrina Traux, 16, Hendricks ^ County, will show an outfit for best ChistiaU StudeUtS
wear in early fall. Marjorie McNeal, 18, Howard County, will display a dress for a three-year-old child. Betty James, 16, Henry County, will exhibit a two-piece wash dress. Frances Ellingwood, 14, Madison
mng.
A variety of speakers will be featured at the affair tonight, including certain team membeis, Coach Elward and his assistant, Joe Boland. However, two new faces Vvill appear, those of “Doc” Miller and Lon Mann, tdam trainer. An already lively rivalry promises to" be brought into the open as tho=e two reknown figures discuss the relative merits of their bowling teams, and delve into the mysteries of Lon'-, somewhat gaudy purplish-red shii t. From their vantage point on the balcony above the Union entrance the University Glee Club will be presented to the student body and will offer a selection of college song-) under the direction of Albert P. Stewart. A1 ■wdU also lead the organized singing for the pep session. The University band will be on naiid near the lower balcony to piovidu the music for the occasion. Dick “I never make a mistake” DeGarmo, head cheer leader, wfil lead the cheering thioughout the program which undoubtedly will bo the most unique of its kind to be
presented this year.
Students are warned to come to the session prepared for anything, for the combination of “Doc” Mil lei and Lon Mann, can turn the affair into a miniature not with eithei tiic flick of a knife or the flask of a
shirt.
To Hold Conference
Indiana Student Chiistian Association, an inter-denominational >nganization open to all college and
County, will show a red-flanneled university students in the state, will wool sports dress. Rebecca Hinkle, confeience this
19, Delaware County, will show a reading unit suitable for a girl’s
bedroom, b.a.h.
week-end on the campus of Indiana State Teachers College in Teiic
Haute.
Alice Collirigs, a student of the University, is chairman of the uqiference. The theme of the lonl'cience is “Building fiom Within for
gave a half hour program at the Dangers from Without.” A number
Men's Glee Club . . . directed by A. P. Stewart
annual banquet of the Eastern Indiana Livestock Breeders’ Association in the Masonic Temple at Muncie last night. Gloria Sped, acrobatic dancer from the Univeisity, also presented several numbers. A1 Stewart will be in Indian-
of students from the Univeisity will take part in the program. The Univeisity Religious Council has announced that a nuiuboi of delegates are leaving fioni here and that transportation will he available both tomorrow and Satuiday.
apolis today and tomorrow to con- Anyone wishing to make arrangeduct singing at the Indiana Farm ments should call Max Wellman, Bureau convention. 4393. d.e.g.
History Of Past Military Balls Shows Time Has Not Dimmed Their Glory
By Bill Hoskins , “Promenading under an archway of drawn sabers and swagger sticks, to the rhythm of perfect ‘harmony sounding in an atmosphere of nearly indescribable magnificence, will be the pleasure of those attending the 1926 Military Ball tonight when they start off the evening with the grand march, and continue with dancing to the inspirational tunes of Phil Dooley and his Merry Garden orchestra.” Thus, before the tiying days of depression had saddened our souls and de-glamorized our writing, and when Purdue was still meeting the Franklin “Baptists” on the gridiron, did your Exponent make formal announcement of the annual Military Ball. Magnificent Affair Yet while the inteivening years may have discouraged, somewhat, the loquacity of our writers, time has not dimmed the magnificence of this affair, staged each, year with, full military pomp and formality,
and presenting some of the outstanding bands in the country. Some of the present seniors vvill remember the Ball of ’38 which featured the famous band of Bob Crosby and his Bobcats. To carry through the military atmosphere for this affair, and perhaps as a forecast of things to come, a bugler blew an assembly call before each dance. The program was divided into 10 dances: first call, reveille, assembly, recall, officers’ call, adjutants’ call, guard mount, retreat, tattoo, and taps. Two Bands At ’39 Bali Two bands were presented at the 1939 Ball, with. Joe Sanders dominating the situation in the grand ballroom, and Bill Carlsen with his “Band of a Million Thrills’^ hplding forth in the cafeteria. Gold-crossed cannons, official insignia for the field artillery, with the ROTC seal superimposed upon them provided the backdrop decorations. Rumors as to the appearance of one Hedy Lamarr at the Military
Ball of 1940 ran rampant on the campus at this time last year, culminating in great disappointment at her conspicuous absence from the affair. Atonps For Disappointment To make up for this disappointment, however, the military department, feeling extraordinarily flush for the second year in a row, again presented two well-known bands, Charlie Barnet and Gus Arnheim. A nationalistic theme prevailetl, with backdrop consisting of massive gold columns draped with bunting in the main ballroom. Somothiiig like a z’eeord attendaiKe was set at this dance with the sale oL rieailj- u thousand tickets. ■Will Bradley, the hand tliat “boogie-woogie” made famous, but who plays two “sweet” tunes out of every three, will bo the featiued attraction at the Ball tomou ow evening. Backdrop will follow the usual red, white and blue mdiUvry theme which has prevailetl in past years.le flottle ^^:|NCSNT IS CALLED A “GOOF”
BesiV
' J ■;,'
He is riM' a ■Yot!"
fv:
lifik I've niadt' air wiomy. I feel terrible about it. oTie Ilf tlK' .sergeants over in military. He called eooi' ioiiay, but the rvhole thing wasn't my fault. 00. our battery is real long, and because I’m at so tliey put me the last man in the last intoon in i''.o front row. ■
O—• '
We]’, v-.( hod cin-p.se day today and when the ofoe'r s.',!.; !■) lires.'^ fight, everyone shoved my way, iff'; i'-i-y ru. died me right against the wall of the rr.d.'.y. Tt:;‘; v.'ouldn’t have been so bad but there f, i Vi rviri" ;d,eol beam running right down to the o r in' from of me.. Tlrere I was right in a corner. ; ' or;','. I o’oid'sce' me; so I relaxed befoi'e I fainted.
I ®—*
Ti;. .i O w.i( ivtnne rivets on the beam and two bugs t’.,; 'li yom to inovci a dead fly around one of the '.r.'iC i'U.us started shoving the fly too fast so i oof 1, y..'ju-it out of my pocket and pulled the fly .orh ..r.urd Hie rivet. That made the brigs buzz orhi; f .ijI liioii; work had been wasted. But they lir.'or.uing f.lie fly by his wings and I started ;vr.",!::d;'; ilic. ci’aser end of my pencil on the bugs.
let’s
Listen ,.Simpson-Smith
Then the sergeant called me a goof. He called me Shorty and I looked up at him. He said, “Shorty do you know where your battery is?” I looked and they were just going out the door. He said that he didn’t Want to disturb me, but he thought that I’d better please Colonel Beere and be in my place when the boys went by the reviewing stand, Theri he made a face, and growled and started to reach for my throat; so I ran and caught up with my battery. I don’t think that was right for him to act like that. There is .one of the ,senior officers I like though,
even if he is always telling me I’m but of step. . He Sterling Holloway, the screen likes me too, because he told one of the other officers comic, has been added to the list of that I’d be right in line for the position of Chief movie stars to appear on the CBS Hog Catcher on national inspection day. I don’t knovir “Family Hour” each Sunday. He all the terms they use in the army, but that must will become a permanent member be a pretty important thing to be. But I’m not going of the cast. Sterling, you will reto be a bit stuck up when I get the advancement. member, is the comedian with the
0 0 sheep dog hair-cut and the woe-be-
My personal living grade on the last test we had gone drawl. After appearing on wasn’t so high, but I’m starting to study real hard. Broadway and in many Hollywood The fellows in the house said that I wouldn’t have any productions, his crowning achievesuccess in life unless I got a good personaTliving ment seems to be the representation grade. But I almost got a “B” in the drawing test, of the stork on the sound track of
It seems nice to be making good, Walt Disney’s “Dumbo.” 0„0 Although Sterling hopes to have
I’ll have to leave now, because one of the guys just the opportunity to sing on the prowent out and bought a gallon of cider. But don’t gram, he is scheduled to appear on worry, Ma, I won’t drink very much. the first show in the title role of the
With love, 'Vincent life stpfy of Franz Shubert.
New Uniyersity Unit Of Flying Cadeti Here
In The Expo Of A "Year Ago This Week
Earl Carroll dashed 2,200 ^ileSii from his theatre-restaurant'in' lywood to the Music Hall in West Lafayette to pluck four beauty queens from .fhe fifty-enteredi'in the annual-Debris beauty cqntesj;. . . Someone was leveling out.jitbe;.
ay-so
m
.Drew Pearson i.’ebert S. Allen
pled,ges. These cards must be turned by Fi'iday at 4 p. m. The contest winners will be determined by two classes of judges: freshman-sophomore and junior-
trial materials in the face of the Argentine Ambassador and Madame
Nazi advance. Fleets of trucks, plus Espil.
hundreds of railroad cars brought But when the list was retui’ned to from the Trans-Siberian, were Mrs. Eobert those two names had loaded up with machinery. Almost been scratched off. whole factories were transported The Duchess of Windsor had had
from the line of advance to be set her revenge;
up behind the Ural Mountains. And Capital Chaff after the cars and trucks were com- Captain Jules James, commanpletely loaded, women, and children dant of the U. S. naval base at Berperched atop the cargoes. - niuda, is a nephew of Secretary of This evacuation of precious in- War Stimson. . . . White House has diistrial materials is one reason received a barrage of letters and
for the tremendous number of telegrams urging Maury Maverick , , , . , . -trucks which the United States is as Ambassador to Mexico. . . . Mad- Many, many days ago we warned class will l.e awarded medals and sending the Russians now. ame Maxim Litvinov was born Ivy Carmen Mnanda woul( their names will be engraved on Contrary to mo.st reports re- Low, daughter of British historian PoP ^'P horizon again. And the trophies presented at that time,
garding the inefficiency of Rus- Sidney Low, and niece of Sir A. enough she has\ Coming soon sian transport, the American ob- Maurice Low, who was Washington local theaters is her servers came back convinced that correspondent of London’s Morning k>-tcst movie, smnetlnng a xiu ,
the Russians were doing an amaz- Post. . . . Carlos Davila, one-time Happened in Havana. iivg job. President of Chile and Ambassador , . c*. 1' It was this enthusiasm which per- I"® has been appointed t' rS'lSfSeS araisn, the President to stop planes, adviser to Chiles Development ¥/3r Effort; U.S. tanks, artillery actually en route to Commission, New Yoik office. , . . Loan camps and send them to Pepper has received a emn-
Penalty Days During the present semester there arc four penalty dates. They are from noon November 18 to noon November 19; November 24; from noon Deicembgr 19 to noon December 20; and January 6. These dates represent the twenty-four hour periods before and after the Thanksgiving and Christmas recesses, A \student who is absent from classes during any of these four days will be assessed an extra fee bf $5.00 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed.
M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men
Ceres Will Hold Crop Judging Contest This Saturday In Ag Hall
. 'l'; Manlbve, Douis vv.^.^;,^^,^j,gUniversitycoulcldo,pqo-
Ceres Crop Judging Contest will Smith, David D. Adams. ^ pie still continued to get “spaked” be held Saturday in room 208 and The roster of Purdue Aviation ^t the Homecoming football game,' 211 of Agriculture Hall. Students Cadet Unit No. 2 is as follows: Hu- ^ bottle-covered stadium,
who wish to enter the contest may h'ert P. Foreman, Robert P. For- goraplete with “
Information that University Aviation Cadet Units No. 1 and No. 2 have now been ifilled and tha;t Unit
No. 3 is being formed has .just been > , - w released by the War Department, humps of defense pi^^^bj Anyone desiring information con- blowing up a ew pow p , cerning the units should contact the ^ . . Adjutant’s Office in the Ai’mory or Mike Byelene, at the pep session Mr. H. H. Horner, Greater Lafay- before the Minnesota game, said the ette Chamber of Commerce. Boilermakers were “afraid of nPi: m. . p T> 1 team,” and they weren’t—afraid.
The roster of Purdue Aviation * o t p * -4. /-I 1 4. TT •4. M 1- Tue score? Let’s forget it. Cadet Unit No. 1 is as follows: , ° .
T TT 4-41 TP • e n The Italians were having a busy James H. Clay, Francis S. Powell, . i, Y „4.' v,,! T i. tir TT'i TT ITT Txr ..4.1 jv.... of it gcttiHg shot at, and
John W. Riley, Howard P. Wentlmg, , , , , 4. • i
George H. Hermason, Theodore B. bombed, but mainly running away
Marxson, Georg'e R. Doty, Julian A. reets.
Harvey, Robert Ray, Kenneth C, A , , .. -ri • \a/ 1 'Watson, Charles R. Wiley, Robert A DDCaClB AgO IrliS yVaCk G. Ralston, James L. Shelton, John spite of state and national J. Hildebrandt, Carl E. Kessler, jjj spite of Union and stadium Timothy R. Lowe, J. E. Combs, i.egulations, and in spile' of any-
Clifford T. Manlove, Louis W.-
obtain entry cards from Prof. Rob- tune, Coleman D. Kuhn, Robert H. eleaners to bins or from Ceres members and McGhee, Richard F. Sturges, Rus- ,..-^.1).
sell W. Rowe, W. .H. Lpngevetker,
Donaldson B. Hurd, Earl L. Yancey, Kenneth W. Prien, Wilbur H. Van Horn, Jr., Raymond C. Scbwamberger, William M. Brandt, George A.
fumes,” for the mope oyer the next
senior. Next Tuesday the winners Gust, Charles A. Turner, Einniett will be announced at the “Little In- M. Ade, James P. Conners, Russell teriuitioual” to be held in the Live- K- Weller, Hugh G. Blackwell, Rob-
stoek Pavilion. Contestants winning first and second places in each
ert T. Douglass.
Sovisf
It
If it’.s half
as good as “That Night in Rio,” we’ll be there with bells on. Carmen lias appeared on radio programs, too. Not so long ago she had a battle of words with Charlie Mca that Carthy, to which W. C. Fields him-
Boston for transhipment to Arch- plamt that‘ a camp m Virginia, j£ j j
■ ,t/j ON. Nov. 12, 1941- angel. Real fact is that although bas a maximum ot 20,000 men, has- ^ coi k . ■M'wonldhave suspected billion in credits has been ex- I'eceived enough toilet paper to last : , » ng i. n lian iman,, son of the tended Russia, another billion will 1^0,000 soldiers for 50 years. . OL, f [ma 00 iroiri magnate and one of be extended shortly In the,first two years ol war, the » ill LySiSWiysl, yoiing men in the Note-Tragedy is that the Roose- United Kingdom spent, for all pur- _ ^ ib.m mi.,', liver would get on' administration, marked time all poses, 7 billion pounds, of which 5.6 M 'Wam0!l©l' im ms vriUi Josef Stalin, summer, did not send the Harriman billions went for war.. . . When war IW I BBI'ionimiinist Russia. mission to Moscow until three began, Germany s public debt was . ^ _ ^ 4 1..TC sh.»h..de.- .ftev HiU» invaded .„d «rilnd.ea'A Ofl Paritm DerlVlflVeS
Umoil Pacific and Illinois had gone a long way on the road to “en. . . . ui tne rotai lena pase
supplies actually delivered to Britain, more than one-half is food.
Oul-Daled
Senator John A. Daiiaher, pe|ipery Connecticut Republican isola-
PiMiEii
iilroacls, and Western MoscoSv.
r esents the acme of the Walfy's Firsf Love yttem which Stalin has Before .she became the Duchess ills life, in addition, Windsor, V/ally Simpson had a had a personal row ^ow of broken hearts on her
t.Rmssia several years Almost every man she met tionist, is a strong advocate of the g which they euchred fell jn love with her,'but there were Hoover plan of sending food to
very few .she loved in return. (Some Nazi-occupied Europe.
a valuable manganese
friends say this even-'included, at
first, the King of ^igland.) In fact, about the only man who never succumbed to Wally’s charm was Felipe Espil, the present Argentine Ambassador. Espil is rated by the State De-
partment as the able.st diplomat in
•iii'i-; friends smile a bit at Washington. In addition he has if Avcrell isn’t too emo- charm, wit, and many ladies rate tlx-y figure ho was shown him as the handsomest man in the
h Pufsian hospitality and capital,
ugh j';rim reality at. the
Hie all tins, Harriman’s ' i i.’.low today when lie sg'din. He calls him a tells how tough and lie is, has unbounded in Stalin’s leadership and vl Russia will liold out.
Recently a constituent,; whose busband’.s relatives live in the conquered Lowlands, called on Danaher and protested his stand. She told of receiving a smuggled, uncensored letter, from her relatives recounting their bitter hardships but pleading that nothing I be done that in ajiy way would
help the Nazis.
Danaher argued with his visitor at great length, constantly repeat-
“Seiiator, before you
The Embassy office stands on a ugain permit me to point out .somolittle side street, and Espil’s of- tbing^ to you. You’ve got your figfice at that time looked out on the ures mixed. This is 1941, not 1914.
When Espil was a dashing young mg, “But my dear Mrs. , in secretary of the Argentine Embas- 1914 Mr. Hoover was able'to handle
another man who .sy he knew the then Wallis Simpson Ibe Germans.” Finally, aftci- one ol .back glowing about Russia and knew , her weli. In fact Wallis .these remarks, the constitueriL iii-
L. Bait, big Philadel- was I’eported at the time to be in terrupted sharply:
.rr-iHiifacturer v/ho makes love with him.
ilbeaiings and is a direcu; ious other big business : er. Raft can’t say enough Rns.i^ian morale and
icu in general,
ic,, of (;our.sc, that most of
mission did not get
MH-ia very mtich. How-
man .ii'.ilio did is General
“11V, a !i;u'd-boi]ed army of-
wenl ri'ovrt Moscow soutii H' a 1.1 c a 11 s, tlowu m, and back home via rica. Burns saw plen(io be jn.st as strong
H. L. Wampner, in charge of research on consumers goods for Commercial Solvents Corp., will .speak to the Phi Lambda Up'silon fraternity tonight at 7:30 in room 106 of tlie Chemistry Building. His tojiic will bo “Emulsions” and will include the theory and application of various enuiisifying agents, including the nitro-paraftln deriva-
tives. ,
Business Meeting A'dinner will be given in his iionor at 6 p. m. in tliC'chestnut room of the Union. There will be a business meeting following the di.sciission during which time the national officers of the fraternity will lie voted on. ■ All intci’o.sted students are invited to attend the lecture, j.t.k.
nm BAR GRILL
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
LET'S GO HUNTING Guns and Ammunition Cliffs Sporling Goods Corner 5th and Ferry
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY A PRIVATE LESSON WILL BE GIVEN FREE OF CHARGE TUES., NOV. 18, 7:00 P. M. TO THOSE WISHING TO ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS WALTZ SLOW AND FAST ALLEN’S 6lh & Ferry
ARC
TODAY thru SATURDAY
SmRIFf4 lIOMBSTOm.
— ALSO — 'CAPTAIN MARVEL" first run NEWS
FREE-
SAVE 20c ON YOUR LUNCH EAT AT TOM’S
Complete Dinner
Old Fashioned Yankee Pot Roast -Cup of TOM'S Coffee with Pure Greaitj|>
Across from the Armory—-You can’t miss it!
Our Speicalty 200 Columbia
street. Beneath this window at limes, the now Duchess of Wind-
You and Mr. Hoover don’t seem to be aware of that. 1 know that our
sor often passed, exerting all her puoplo do not want food sent over.
(Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
attraction to interest the dashing diplomat from the pampas — in vain. Espil bad eyes only for the sweetheart of his early diplomatic days and eventually married her—Courtney Letts of Chicago, who now presides over the ladies
of the Diiilomatic Corps.
All this is. history. Or at. least it
-iiaas. as ilarriinan and was until the Duke apd Duchess Bobby Moore and his ten-piece hand .'fvC- ' came to town the other day. At tliat will play for the dance from 9 to 12. Transporfafion lime Mrs. Evic Robert invited them Moore’s band is from . Illinois whidi impre.ssccl to a tea and submitted in advance a State Normal College in Noniial, (>!■ in which the list of tlie proposed guests. On the III. His music is popular with all ing their indus- gues^^ist were the names of the colleges in the middle-west.
Bobby Moore WiU Play At- WAA Harvest Hop On Friday, Nov. 28, WAA’s annual Harvest Hop will bo held in the south ballroom of the Union.
f,' !'f fcs. If
PwidusL pxjpomnL All-American 1940-'41H
'/ ■-> ^
k t
ithumildfi November 13^ 1941
Badger Coach Devotes Lifetime To Grid Game
By Bob DeMars Behind Harry Stuhldreher, head football coach and ajihletic director of the University of Wisconsin, lies the story of a man who has devoted many of the best years of his life to the development of the game he loves. I Rockne Man Graduating from the University of Notre Dame in 1925, Stuhldreher was an unanimous choice for AllAmerican as a member of the famous Four Horsemen backfield, and he still ranks as the most brilliant field general that ever piloted the Irish, even though sixteen years of quarterbacks have come and gone from the school. Directly following his graduation in the fall, good fortune came Harry’s way and he was offered the coaching job at Villanova College, at which school he almost became a permanent fixture by remaining there eleven years. In that time, he raised the fortunes of Villanova football from a team that was wavering between the upper and lower divisions to a position among the best of its class in the East. Sixth Year Stuhldreher came to the Wisconsin school in the spring of 1936, and soon established himself as one of the most capable mentors in the Big Ten. In his first year as coach
of the Badgers, Stuhldreher’s team won only two games, but the spirit and steady improvement shown by the squad was gratfying to the followers of Wisconsin football. The following year further improvement was shown and the season’s record stood at four won, three lost and one tied. Again in 1938, Wisconsin football stock took another rise when a great season for Harry ended with the Badgers playing Minnesota for the Western Conference championship. The unaccustomed strain of championship competition proved too much of a handicap to the Badgers and they dropped the battle to the Golden Gophers. Bad Year The ydar of 1939 was a hard luck year for the Badger mentor, and he saw just about everything happen to his team that can confront a gridiron machine. Last year, the Wisconsin team bounced back to an even-up season by displaying terrific fight and spirit, as anyone who witnessed the Badger’s last second 14 to 13 win over the Riveters will testify. Athletic Director Stuhldreher also has a fine record as athletic director of the Badger institute, and under his personal guidance a well-iounded development of sports and sports facilities has come to Wisconsin.
Get Your Style Right Shirts — ARROW SHIRTS
at
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
Avoid the ^'Brush-off^* Wear An ARROW!
Arrow shirts are up*to-tlie-minute in style and tailoring, and have that look that keeps you in demand. Your choice of collars, in,eluding button-down, tab, or long-pointed. All Arrow shirts are Mitoga figure-fit and Sanfor-ized-shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). $2, up. Get some good-looking Arrow ties, designed to harmonize with Arrow shirts, $1 and $1.50.
AJUROM/Sff/Jin
Get Your ARROW SHIRTS
at
Inc. WEST LAFAYETTE
^ Basketball Is On Its Way We’ve tried not to lengthen the basketball season so as to intermingle with the tail end of the football schedule, but with the first hardwood tilt only slightly more than three weeks away, it's time to start taking notice. The varsity squad has been practicing daily for several weeks now, and have been cut down to a working squad of just 20 players. The initial tilt of the season will be just two weeks after resuming school following Thanksgiving festivities. In fact, the first real test of the 1941 team will be four days ahead of this opener, the annual Freshman-Varsity tilt on December 4. A Swell Schedule Purdue’s fp,mous pilot. Piggy Lambert, gets four gold stars from our complimentary department for arranging a really super-duper schedule. This year’s home schedule includes 12 games, seven of which are conference games and the others are mainly with strong intersectional foes. Just a few days ago Coach Lambert completed the schedule with a home game against the Great Lakes Naval Training School team in the Fieldhouse Dec. 19, the eve of Christmas vacation. ► We Predict The Game Of The Year This unusual tilt, arranged by special permission of the Big Ten plenipotentiaries, we predict to be the most interesting game of the season (with the possible exception of the game which assures the Boilermakers of their 12th conference crown). ^ Oodles And Oodles Of Stars This Great Lakes team will be composed of such players as Bill Menke and Ernie Andres, of Indiana; Bob Callihan, All-American player at Detroit a couple of yeais ago; Dick Klein, sophomore scoring flash at Northwestern two years ago; and star performers from Stanford, Dartmouth ,and many other well-known schools. We talked to A1 Menke, sophomore members of the 1941 Boilei maker varsity and brother of Bill, about the coming game the other day. He is naturally looking forward to the game, as it will give him an opportunity to play against his older brother for the first time. ^ They're Going Af If Seriously A1 was also quick to jump on us when we suggested the game might be condition against ability, the Boilermakers having the condition and the famous stars in typical all-star shape. According to a recent letter A1 informs us that this Great Lakes team is already hard at work for their coming schedule, and have been eating at a training table for several Weeks. Other teams to be met by this team will be Butler, Michigan, Indiana, Ohio State, and the University of Louisville. This series of games should give plenty of pre-conference comparative dope about four of the top Big Ten contenders. It’s a nice Christmas piesent you’ve arranged for us. Piggy.
Husky Badger Rjveters Stress Passifig Offense For Badger TiK Coach Mai Elward's Boilermaker gridders underwent a lengthy offensive drill on the practice field back of the Fieldhouse yesterday as Elward attempted to put the pep and power in the team necessary to overrule the razzle-ds^lO Badger attack which they will meet this Saturday. Passes and line plays occupied the heater part of pmetwe, with coaches Joe Boland, Red Mackey, Herb Duggins/Mel Taube, and Elward spiriting the — - '^i
Farmer Paul Hirshbrunner, one of the strongest men on the Badger squad, will be operating at his familiar tackle post in the game against the Riveters Saturday. “Hirsh” earned his major letter last year due to his fine all around play and this year has proved to be one of the main cogs in the powerful Wisconsin attack.
Big Ten Statistics (Conference Games Only) Total Points Wisconsin 98 Opponents Points Minnesota 13 Total Net Yards per game Minnesota 302 3 Rushing Minnesota 260 3 Passing Northwestern 108 6 First Downs per game Minnesota 13 6 Opponents first downs per game Purdue 7.6 Punts, Average Illinois 38 1 Yards Penalized per game Illinois 22 INDIVIDUAL LEADERS (Conference Games Only) Scoring
Total Points
Harder fb Wisconsin
45
Graf, fb, Ohio State
24
Graham, hb, Northwestern
24
Hillenbrand, hb, Indiana
18
Schreiner, e, Wisconsin
18
Clawson fb, Northwestern
18
Petty, fb, Purdue
13
Rushing
Game
Avg.
Avg
Per Try
Daley fb, Minnesota
99 6
5 1
Harder, fb, Wisconsin
91 6
5 6
Westfall, fb, Michigan
82
4 0
Graf, fb, Ohio State
78 5
5 1
Fisher, hb, Ohio State
67 8
5 1
Kuzma, hb, Michigan
59 5
3 5
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Passing Game Gam Avg Pet Giaham, hb, Northwestern 358 71 6 500 Hillenbrand, hb, Indiana 199 66 3 321 Seelinger, hb, Wisconsin 209 52 2 586
Total Offense (Rush and Pass)
Fisher, hb, Ohio State Graham, hb, Noithwestern Kuzma, hb Michigan Hillenbrand, hb, Indiana Smith, hb Minnesota
!
Total 344 539 401 297 230
Game Avg 114 6 107 8 100 2 99 0 76 6
^Saii is Lei^e!
The first "Mil Ball" is a freshman's greatest thrill. Be sure to remember your girl with flowers. Ask us the names of unusual flowers — a new bloom makes it an even greater thrill! QLahItSu J’IojubJl Shop.
527 Main St.
Phone 8451
HEY LOOK! ITS GROWING LARGER!
varsity in a peppy session. Tony Berto, the Riveter’s left-handed passer, and sophomore Bob Chester did most of the hurling, while big John Petty smashed the line from “T” formations.* Still recoveiing from the injury jinx which hit the squad two weeks ago, the Riveters have five men on the doubtful list for the Wisconsin game. Guard Charley Ehrlich, who pulled a ligament in the Fordham game, Co-Captain Tommy Melton, along with tackles Pete Timperman and Barry French, are listed as “might or might nots” for Saturday. Sophomore Kenny Smock, whose brilliant running and passing sparked the Gold and Black against Pitt, is the only backfield member on the sick list, but there is a chance that he might see action. Little Contact Drill With other minor ailments hampering actual scrimmages, Elward has attempted to gear up the Boilermaker attack for the Badgers without physical contact. “We should have at least two days of hard drill,” said Elward, “but we can’t afford it.” Instead the mentor has relied on dummy sciimmages. Yesterday’s passing drill gave ends Jim Rush and Bill Combs, who so far this season have turned in good performances, a heavy workout. During the offensive drill the coaches paid particular attention to line work and blocking assignments as the Riveters opened big holes against the second string for plunging backs, mainly through center, where sophomore Bob Johnson was hard at work. Johnson’s sixty-mm-ute performance against Michigan State last Saturday branded him as another Ted Axton. Tackle “Tex” O’Bryan was also an “iron man” who played the limit against the Spaitans. The team will taper off for the Badger tilt with more offensive drills, hoping to build a baffling attack capable of out-shining Wisconsin’s own noted onslaught.
Fraternil^ Bowling TODAY 6.30 Alpha Chi Rho vs Acacia. Tau Epsilon Phi vs Alpha Sigcma Phf. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Siema Nn. Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Epsi-
lon
Triangle vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 8.4S Theta Cbi vs. Alpha Gamma Bho. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Pf. Beta Theta Pi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Lambda Chi Alpha vS Phi Kappa Tau. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Delta Theta. “A” BRACKET
w.
t.
Alpha Tau Omega
u
1
Pi Kappa Alpha
- Iff
2
Beta Theta Pi
it
4
Phi Kappa Sigma
10
5
Phi Sigma Kappa
9
«
Lpmbda Chi Alpha
8
7
Phi Delta Theta
8
7
Pi Kappa Phi
. 7
8
Theta Xi
7
8
Theta Chi
~ ~ 5
10
Beta Sigma Psi
3
12
Phi Kappa Tau
3
12
Sigma Pi
3
12
Alpha Gamma Rho
2
13
“B” BRACKET
Delta Tau Delta
12~
3
Sigma Nu
12
3
Delta Upsilon
_ 11
«
Tau Kappa Epsilon
10
5
Alpha Chi Rho
8
7
Phi Kappa Psi
8
7
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
8
7
Alpha Sigma Psi
7
8
Acacia
6
9
Phi Kappa
6
9
Tau Epsilon Phi
5
10
Kappa Delta Rho
4
11
Phi Gamma Delta
_ 4
It
Triangle
4
ir
FIFTH WEEK STATISTICS FOR 1941
COMPARED TO 194&
High Individual Scores
1941
1940
Sigma Pi—Hintz
267
255
Delta Tau Delta—Adamson
235
242
High Individual Senes
Delta Tau Delta—Wnght
687
579
Alpha Chi Rho—Simin
582
571
High Team Game
Sigma Pi
969
Delta Tau Delta
902
High Team Senes
Sigma Nu
2528
2555
Delta Tau Delta
2507
2509
INDIVIDUAL AVERAGES Weiehel, Alpha Sigma Phi Seabright Alpha Tau Omega Muiray, Pbi Delta Theta Simon, Alpha Chi Rho _ Burkholder, Alpha Tau Omega Kendrich, Delta Tau Delta
Jackson, Theta Chi Ehmer Phi Kappa Psi Badger, Pi Kappa Phi
Mefford, Tau Kappa Epsilon
170.3 169.7 187.7 . 168.5 -164.4 . 164.4 _ 161.3 J59 7 159.6 155.9
Triangle
. . . social fiatemity, annotmees the pledging of Clifford Jones, of Michigan City.
m m i m m ^ i m m m M ^ M ^ W, ^5 Bus. Mgr. Note: What goes on here?? JS m . I
LOOMED FOR LOKURY ♦ STYLED FOR YOO
as usual
CUpjoqifvDL If you’ve worn an Alpagora you know it’s the one coat for you. It’s treated to repel moths and moisture. Ute styles are ’way out in front. The fabric itself is a mqister blend—soft, warm and durable. Come in today and try on the coat that has conquered the popular price field. OulhiHiii ^ IHC.
WEST LAFAYETTE
t;i .
^kkirr*' ' ‘ *: .5^1]^ y. ,‘-1 ?
TSaiming with Hirshjbrunner, ,at the tackle positions will be burly Didk Loepfe, ’standing six feet, two in^es‘in height and weighing in at a mere 214 "pounds. Considered the toiighest • defensive man on the squad,^ Dick has been rated as one of the greatest tackles in Badger history.
Women's Club Holds Hobby Show Tonight Sponsored by the Purdue Wonien!s Club, the annual Heritage and Hobby Show will be held tonight from 7 to 9:30 in both Union Ballrooms. Over 160 women from the surrounding locality will exhibit articles, representing their hobbies, heirlooms, and collections of antiques. Among the variety of articles on display will be rare pieces of china, hand'-blown glass Objects, intricate needlework, old samplers, and an exhibit of coverlets in various de-
signs.
The exhibit will be open to the students, faculty and townspeople, and there will be no charge for admission. a.p.h. Dr. Elliott To Address Farm Bureau On Rural Life Twenty-third annual convention of the Indiana Farm Bureau, to be held tomorrow through Saturday at Tomlinson Hall in Indianapolis, will feature an address by President Elliott on, “Eural Life and Purdue University.” Dr. O. H. Hall of the division of education and applied psychology will be one of the three judges in a public speaking contest which will be held on the same afternoon. F. L. McReynolds of the agriculture extension department, head of the recreational youth division of the Bureau, will also attend the meeting,
d.e.g.
CQlfegiate, 4-H Judging Tearns Practice Here Tomorrow, Saturday Collegiate and 4-H livestock judging teams will hold a practice judging contest on the Agricultural campus tomorrow and Saturday. In addition to the teams from Illinois, Michigan, Ohio, Arkansas, Arizona, West Virginia, and Indiana, a vocational team from LaGrange county and a 4-H team from Delaware county will also enter the competi-
tioii.,
This contest is a practice session preparatory to the intercollegiate and "junior livestock judging competition to be held at the Chicago International Livestock Show during first week of December, w.e.h.
bmas A. Bank
... ME ’43, is one of 27 men selected from a group of 83 taking the preliminary competitive course for the field artillery officers’ candidate course at Fort Sill, Okla. Having successfully finished the Officers’ School, a four-week elimination test, he begins the final threemonths’ course leading to a commission.
In Chicago Tomorrow Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the department of education and applied psychology, will be the principal speaker at a meeting of the Purdue Dads’ and Mothers’ Association in Chicago^ at the “Top of The Town” resta,urant in Chicago tomorrow night. Mrs. Everett Porter, of Oak Park, Illinois, president of the Chicago Association, will preside. Associate Dean of Agriculture V. C. Freeman, and Mrs. Mildred Filch, coed counselor and instructor in government, wei-e the principal speakers at a Gary meeting of the Parents’ Association last Saturday, Following the addressesj" there was a general discussion of problems of student life, in which the parents participated. Dean of Men M. L. Fisher'was. the featured speaker at a meeting of the Association in Detroit. Following the address, there was a round table discussion of parental problems, d.e.g, Riding Club Will Discuss Show PlansTontgW At 7:15 This evening at 7:15, members of the Riding Club will meet in room 305 bf the Union to discuss plans for winter horse shows and further rides. In addition, they will discuss the possibility of having a rnoonlight ride, a hay ride and barn
dance.
Tom Graham, president, urges each of the 45 members to attend. Other officers of the club include Ken Gossett, Union vice-president in charge of Riding Club, and Jeannette Haynes, secretary, m.j.l. CecMa Carter Will Give Recital Tonight At 7:30 In Music Room Of Union Cecila Carter, colored singer from New Orleans, will have an audition in the music room of the Union tonight at 7:30. The purpose of this audition is to acquaint some of the people on this campus with her singing. On Nov. 25, she will give a concert at the Armory. Members of music groups of the University and chairmen of clubs which are affiliated with the Indiana Federation of Music Clubs have been invited to attend tonight’s audition. A.side from these people, the program will be closed to the pub-
lic. p.s.
ROMM
... announces the initiation of the following men: seniors—R. F. Abell, R. P. Burrows, W. R. Culmer, W. R. Farber, H. F. Graebner, G. A. Gust, J. H. Iwan, R. N. McManus, L. H. Miller, H. D. Myers, J. H. Parks, W. H. Reade, G. B. Robbins, H. E. Robertson, J. M. Schnaible, 9. R. Shaver, E. ' H. Smith, A. E. Snyder, L. L. Stahl, R. B. Sleeker, R. E. Valentine, D. C. Warren, J. C. Witty, F. A. Wright, E. L. Gregory, R. A. Kuntz, J. G. Rush, J. 0. Dun-
bar.
Juniors—A. E., Arkin, J. F. Dodds, J. W. Brown, C. N. Doup, J. G. Hunt, A. L.. Jackson, W. L. Korte, R. B. Larson, J. W. Elliot, R. W. Wilson.
Everything for a College Education, DEAC’S
^bhd Foi;um WM Ixj^afn Publicati^rm Monday Afternoon In order that freshman students may understand the 'activity wbrk on thte campus, the Student Activities Bureau is sponsoring' the second of its series of ffeshirtan foruihs on next' Monday. The; meeting will take place in the East Eac-; ulty Lounge of the Union at 4 p. m. Campus publications will be the topic of the foruin, with! introdUctibh'S' of the heads of the various publication staffs. The first forum was attended by 150 freShmen on Monday, and discussed the importance' of activities to the student. Di'amatic, forensic, government and service organizations will be discussed. at later forums, s.b.w. n Army Offers Posts To Graduate ROTC Men In Many Corps Reserve commissions in the Quartermaster Corps, Signal Corps, Air Corps (no-rated). Corps of Engineers and Chemical Warfare Service are now available to certain especially qualified Field Artillery ROTC graduates, it was announced last night by the Military
department.
These commissions, offered because of a shortage in officer personnel, will enable University graduates to be commissioned in a branch of the service closely related to their civilian training. It is believed that this same opportunity, will be offered to each graduating ROTC class as. long as the present emergency lasts. All seniors who are interested in obtaining commissions in branches other than the. Field Artillery should .contact Major Hathaway immediately. Other . students who are interested may contact Major Messersmith at his office in the
Armory, d.e.b.
Pi Tau Sigma Will Hold Banquet Tonight At 6 Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical engineering honorary, wdll hold its annual initiation banquet tonight at 6 p. m. in the. West Faculty Lounge
of the Union.
Professor H. L. Solberg, head of the School of Mechanical Engineering, will be the pi’incipal speaker. He will .speak on “The Corrosion of Alloy Steel Under High Temperature and Pressure.” Kenneth L. Stafne will be toastmaster, h.e. Poultry Team To Practice At Wadley Meat Company Poultry judging team, which is in training for the Chicago judging contest Nov. 28 and 29, will go to Indianapolis next Monday to practice judging dressed poultry. The team wdll be rmder the guidance of Prof. C-. S. Shaffner. Wadley Company is furnishing the dressed poultry for the judging exercise. The team has now been reduced to five contestants who wdll represent the University at Chicago. These men are: R. B. Arvidson, J. L. Ramp, Charles Reed, C. R. Shepherd and C. T. Best, g.w'.s.
Studeinilif Senate Offers , Tutorii|g> llyjjji^ Agency For Delinquent Students As in pasL. years, the Studbnt Senate will sponsor a tutoring and typing agency this year. The service allpws delinquent students to find tutors and student tutors to
find customers.
Registered .students on the campus may be placed on the list of tutors by presenting a signed statement from the head of the school' in which, the subject is taught, qualifying them for’ tutoring. The applicants must report before tomorrow afternoon to the Senate of-
fice in the Union.
Acting only as a clearing agency, the Student Senate will merely arrange the contact between tutor and student. Typists will also be registered with the agency, s.b.w. IM Schedule
basketball—TODAY Court 1—Bill Gates Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Siprma. Sigma Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Cary Hall T vs. Cary Hall 6. Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall.G. Court 2—J. Zchring Sigma Pi v.^. Sigma Nu., Theta Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Gary Hull 2 vs. Cary Hall 3. Cary Hall 7 vs. <3avy Hall 3, Court 3—^E. Stockdell Theta Xi vs. Theta Tau. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Triangle. Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 10. Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall 12.
Lifrl-lg Mc^ieiConyos j ' No more tickets arfe available for the series of little ntovie convos, feat of which was Shown in the Music Hall Tuesday. According to the cohtract made vvitii the film distributors, no tickets may be sold at the door, and no additional tickets may be sold after the first of a scheduled series has been shown.
7:15 8:00 8:15
8:00 8 :16
TOUCHBALL—TODAY Field 3—Olds Pi Kaiipa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Tau.
Classified
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606'Main, Lafayette, Phone 2779.
NoB^s No Notices Accepted After
7:30"'p. m.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Meeting Thursday, Nov. 13, at 7:30 in Edom 106, Chemistry Bldg. Guest speaker. —^BRANNEEi Ceres: All men are expected to enter the Ceres Corps Judging Contest to be held Saturday, Nov. 16, in Ag, Hall. Prizes awarded. Entry blanks may be obtained from Prof. F. E. Bobbins or pledges,
—BYEB
POMM: The banquet wilT be Tuesday, Nov. 18. at G,:30 p. m. Get tiekfets from Bushnell, MacMijlan: Sullivan, or Youkey. The price of tickets is 65c;and the absolute deadline for their purchase is Saturday, Nov, 16, at noon. —BUSHNELL
Pistol Team Tryouts: The following listed students are asked to report to the pistal range of the armory Nov. -IT, at 4p. m.: H. B; Be.ach, J. Beckerichi B. E. Eisenhour, H. . D. Crom, R. J. Eastman, ,T. K. Greer, D. B. G'racier, T. Harrington, J, N. Heater, W. J. Heinze, E. R. Hyde, T'. Jnndanian, W. Koester, "R, N. 'Kramer, E. W. Riedweg, D. B. Russel, E. H. Schwenker, J. H. Simpson, C. M. Williams. —BROWN ASME: Debris picture will be taken at 7 ;36 p. m. Nov. 27, in main ballroom of the Union. ' —UTLEY Gold Peppers: Dinner meeting Thursday, Nov. 13, at 6 p. m. in the Chi Omega house. If you are unable , to attend, please call. Ruth Rose at 6067 by Wednesday evening. —SCARFF ASME: Meeting Friday, Nov. 14, at 11 a. m. in room PJO of the Electrical Engineering building. J. W'. Parker will .speak on “Attack on Bewilderment.’’ —UTLEY Student Senate: All senators desiring keys contact me soon. —YODER Gimlet Actives and Pledges: No meeting this week. —JOHNSON Outing Club Meml)cr.s: Roller skating party at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, Nov, 13. at Maple I^oint. Call Gail Heals. 2007. or Jim ’ Colbert, 8421 to arrange transportation. —BUERGLER
. I?AC: s Spceinl tneetlngvTHOrsday,, Novem-, ber‘f8,'at '4' p. "fn, itl M'al Elwafd’s bftiee. Please plan to attend as there are several matters to discuss,. , —ADAMS . Albha Zcta: Meeting Thursday,, Novi 18, in rtiom 30:i of the Hnion. Active report at 7:30 p. tn. Pledges must be" present at 8 p., m. witljOut garb. ' , —SWAIM, WAA Fencing: Practice Friday, November 14, at 4 p. m. for. beginners and advanced fencers. —BMHOFF Bcaraer Club: One ehp has not been turnetl im as yet. Eomainder may be had in rtiy office Friday from 4 to 6 p. m.
. —R'UPFNER’.
Ri Tan Sigma: Formal: iiiitiatibh and banquet ThUvsda'y, November 13.. Meqtt.in Reading Room, Mechanical Etighiccring Building at 6 p. m. All actives and'pledges be there. —STAFNE Eta Kappa Nu Pledges:; Report for short woik ses.si6n at 1 p. ni. Saturday; Nov. 16. in reading room of the Electrical Engineer-, ing Building. , ■—KUSKO Touchball Enthusiasts: Game at Stuart Field Sunday, Nov. 16, at 3 p. m. '
—BALKE and MARTIN
Gimlet' Actives and Pledges: Please I’eport at Pep Session early. —.lOHNSON Coed Debate: Meeting 7:30 p. m., Thursday, Nov. 13, in University Hall.
—WINGH .
GE 1094 Meet oh Thurs'dai’,,
Pistol Team Tryouts: ,The following .men are asked to report ..tO't'He ,,pistl)Ufahge of the armory No.V. i.lT, at ,'4 p. ihi : ■BcaOh, H. B.: BeckeNcH, J.;; Eisenhour,, B. E, ; Crom, H. D.; Eastman, R. J.; Greer, J. K. ; Grnoior, D. B.; Harrington, T.; Heater, J. N. r HeihzO, W, J,; Hyde, B. R.; Jnndanian, T.; Koester, W.; Kramer, R. N.; Riedweg, E. W.; Russel, D. B.! Schwen-
ker, E. H.: Simpson. J.
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, ^NOV. : 13, at 7:15 p. m. in. room 304 of Unj^^J.'
—GAFREB'
Advanced Course in ROTC: Vacancies exist for commissioning ROTG graduedris of the'University in other arras, namely: Quartermaster Corps, "Sigijal Corps, .Air Corps, . Corps ,pf Engineers: and Chemical Warfare Service. Anyone interested !in ia'pplyinff' should contact Maj. Hathaway, Armory.. -HATHAWAY ^ Gold Peppers: Meeting before dinner at the Chi Omega hoiis6 ac 5:30 p. m., Thursday, Nov. 13. - ■ —.SCABFF Wesley Foundation: Skating party this Friday night; Nov. 14. Giimes from 8-10 }). m. and skating'from 10-12 pv m. Will be held at Maple Point.: 25 cents per person charges. . —BOACH'
Modern bungalow of seven i heat: good location. Dial 71201.
Lost: White Alpha Chi crested compact.
Call 5092. Betty Hutchins.
ooms: gas All Boxers: The PBA and members of
the. Purdue B.dxing Team will hold' a meeting at the Fieldhouse Thursday, Nov. 13, at 7 p.: m. Future plans will be discussed.
—BENNA •
SHOES FOR MEN
PR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS.... 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
^ For These Rainy Days Complete Your Fall Wardrobe
127 N. 4th Street
DEAC’S \ LEAVE YOUR ORDERS i AT DEAC'S for CORSAGES for the
WW”-
With an Alligator Coat From
osoa^W
SUPS’
FOR YOUR GHOIGE— ORCHIDS GARDENIAS CARNATIONS POM POM CORSAGES SWEETHEART ROSES HAIR AND WRIST ARRANGEMENTS
JEL JL ■ ■ BOOK STORE
arranged in our unique stiye means more— Select your corsages for the Military Ball at
2 I Hi and Indiana A vc.
l^lionc 5213
You want
served
. r moe?
happening tomorrow-
^ho won that g • _ newspaper, Yon get all oi wbicK depend Ap bv Western Teletype-
distribnte oews y ^ ,
i)iciuvu .
‘’w’‘es:-=-f9£