.VOLUME XLVII
Published Daily By Students Of l^due Uniyetsity LAFAYETTE, INBIANA, THURSliAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1936
NUMBER 8g
Now Available Decorations Will Feature True Fraternity
Cbess Club To Plan New Activities For Semester The Chess Cluh will hold its first
Pro^ains for the Interfraternity ball riiay be obtaihed this afterrioOtt aft^t 4 o'clock in liie Memdr*isil Union check room upon presentationpYUcket stubs. Pro^amsa^e made of whitP leather embossed with^the gPld seal of the University. The backdrop will show twp fellews shaking hands to represent the true fraternity spirit and will be dpne in silver, black and white. Band fronts will be decorated with silhohettes of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council key. Badges of all campus fraternities will be hung around the walls of the balltoom. Bill Hogan and his thirteen Californians, including Rita O’Haver as featured voCalits, will play for the ball which will last from 9 until i o’clock tomorrow night. Co-eds have been granted 2 o’clock hours. Tickets, priced at $2 are still ayailr able at the Union desk, the book stores and the fraternity presidents.
meeting of the new semester in the Recreation room of the Memorial Union building tomorrow evening at 7:30. The club will be reorganized because the attendance during the latter part of last semester dwindled to almost zero. If the attendance Continues to divindle, the organization wUl: be dropped. Followingvthe jbusiness: session of the. club, matches will be played between the hieml^tSi K enough terest is shown the meeting/ arrangements will be made for early spring matches with other uniyersity Chesp Clubs. The committee in charge asks that all naembers turn out as well as any students interested in chess.
WilllrwinTo Talk At Convo
To Speak On ‘‘Liberty Of Press” Next Tuesday In Fowler Hall
PIA Offers Dwciitg Lessons For $3
Plan Stale ^ Yoiitli Groups
Propose Activities For High School Grads
Sororities Begin Bush
Dinners Mark Beginning Of Open Rush
Dinners and buffet suppers at the various sorority houses this week announce the opening of rush for the second semester. This period of rush, which opened Feb. 3 will close Sunday, Feb. 16, until next September. Alpha Chi Omega is entertaining guests at an informal dinner this evening. A buffet supper was given by the Alpha Xhi Deltas at the chapter house last evening. The tables, were decorated by candles and roses, the latter were presented as favors. Another group of girls were guests of the Ghi Omega sorority at an informal dinner. The kappa Alpha Thetas will be hostesses to rushees at a 1 o’clock dinner next Sunday. Flowers and candlelight adorned the table at an informal dinner given by the Kappa Kappa Gamma Tuesday evening. They will also entertain rushees at a formal dinner Saturday evening. Pi Beta Phi was hostess to a group of unorganized co-eds at a 6 o’clock dinner Tuesday and another dinner is planned for tomorrow eyening.
Definite plans are now under way to organize Older Youth Groups in the state to interest, stimulate and encourage social and educational activities among a great number of Indiana youths just out of high school and not as yet organized with other groups; This social and educational program is under the supervision of the state 4-H club department with F. L. McReynolds, former superintendent of schools of Tipton county, and present assistant of the state club department, as one of the main assistants.
Fourfold Purpose
The organization has a fourfold purpose consisting of social, recreational, dramatical and athletic programs. Each group will take part in various group meetings With both outside and local speakers leading the discussions. Older Youth Groups have been started in several parts of the state as well as other states already with apparent success. Blackford and Carroll counties have won national recognition through these Older Youth clubs. Similar grouP'5 have been started in Iowa and Kentucky known as “The Sons and Daughters of the Soil” and “Utopia Clubs”.
When Will Irwin, brilliant editorial obserybr and distihgufehed author, appears here next Tuesday eyening at Uliza Fowler Uali, uhdek the auspices of the convocations and public lectures committee, he will discuss’ a topic that is such an issue just at this time, both here and abroad^ “The Liberty of the
Press”. ■
In the summer of 1933, Mr. Irwin ^iPTote a book about this subject and he will giye his audience a true picture of contemporary events here and abroad, frankly e;Kposing the methods of propaganda em plOyed, in his lecture “Tainted
Truth”.;'.'-' JournalisAi
Journalism, the newest among the greater forces of ciyilization, is perhaps the least understood. Mr, Irwin points out in his lecture that while philosophical historians assume that the “power of the press” resides in the editorial page and that the struggle for freedom of the press had as its objective the right to express opinion, they are wrong since the real power of the press nowadays lips in the news columns, and the fight for the freedom of the press had as a main focus the right to publish news Discussing the propaganda employed during the World War, Mr, Irwin (.then tells how use of this propaganda returned to the land of its origin, America, and also dis cusses the methods used in the pres ent. “The freedom of the press granted by our forefathers has been abused here and there, but it has served the purpose of democracy. Abridge it and democracy is lost,says Mr. Irwin. An editorial ob server who has the faculty of going to the heart of things, he combines the narrative powers of the true reporter with the logic, mentality, and philosophy of the trained edt torial writer.
P. 1. A. is organizing another advanced dancing class for members who wish to improve their dancing technique. If a sufficiently large class is enrolled the regular six dollar course, consisting of ten lessons, will be offered for three dollars. To make these reduced rates possible memhers ihUst enroll before Thursr day, February 13. Enrolling may be dbne iat the P. L A/ office rih thb Unipn; or at the final lesspfi of Hie be^hners’ class next Thursday evening:; /Uie dkncing instruction will^ be given at Allen’s halkoom,;
StiUGhMce For Dancers
tJnidn Show Choruses Not Yet Selected
Pres. Elliott WiU Give
^^Friendly Breaks^’ First Topic In Series; Speaker To Tidk On Galtivation Of Friendships
“Friendly Breaks,” to be delivered by Pres. E. C. EUliott tbis Mteiiibon A p'clbeky is the first in ^ a senes of seveh
in^eij to: aid the graduating seiuors, w^
th^ arp fapod ydth the problein^ In this dress Dr. Elliott plahs to st^ the valuable asset of cultivafc-
H. A. Otis Speaks To ASME: Meeting
Students wishing to dance in one of the choruses for the Student Union show, “Garmita” who have not already submitted their apiplications, still have ah opportunity to try out, it was annpunced last evening. Although more than enough students to make up the three choruses are now rehearsing in the ballroom, no definite selections have been made. One chorus, the “Pony” one, requires persons vnth dancing ability only, Members of the number two chorus must be able to sing and dance, while the third chorus members need singing ability only. Mrs. Randolph, formerly Miss Eileen Pierce, of the women’s physical education department, is in charge of dancing instruction and organi-
zation.
Application Blanks Application blanks can be filled out in the Student ( Union office. Members of the cast are the only definite selections made as yet. Chorus practice will continue for a few weeks before final choices are
made.
The following rehearsaT schedule
ing friendships in the business world. Thou]^ the talko were primarily intended for the members of the senior class, members; of the student body and the faculty will be allowed to attend. ' Bavid: Ross';.; ’ Next Thursday David E. Ross, president of the board of trustees, will continue the series with a talk on “Measuring Success”, On February 20, Mr. A. G. Phillips, sales manager of Allied Mills, Inc., Chicago, will point out w;hat the employer expects of the college grad?
.uate,
On February 27, W. R. Allen, director of personnel, L. S. Ayres & Go,, Indianapolis, will discuss “Letters of Application and Interviews”. Mr. E. M. Cole, president of the Chevrolet Motor Co., Detroit, will talk on opportunities on March 5. Dr, Gilbreth Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, consulting engineer, and G. L. Harrod, president of the Indianapolis Power and Light Co., will lecture on March 12 and 19, respectively. Dr. Gilbreth will speak on “Techniques of Effectiveness”; Mr. Harrod, on “Finding Employment”.
Siudleiti Discussidn Giroiips Will Meet Tonight
Student discussion groups wih have their first meeting of the year tonight at 7:30 in : roonis 1 and 2 of the Union. P. K. Howard, Science Junior, will be in charge of the forum Which will discuss the Subject “Comparative Religion’^ : Iffie discussion is a project of the Student Union and is open to all university students.
Skaters In C€ilmrfwit Garb Ri^ Necks On Netv WRA. Rink
Winter Course ■ Students To Hold Weekly Meeting
Husbandry Group
Animal
Directs Program'
will be in effect for the next three
C. D. Koch Elected Hort Show. Manager
Grad Addresses Civil; Engineers:
J, W. Wheeler addressed the local chapter of the American Society of Civil Engineering on “Engineering and. Commercial :Enterprize” last night at a meeting in the Civil Engineering Building. The speaker, member of the state highway commission and, of the graduating class of 1916, presented himself as a man from the class of 1916 rather than as a highway commissioner. Prom this point of view he discussed the advantages of the ciyil engineering course. As the two most prominent reasons he listed one’s own pleasure and happiness and the possibilities for the application of one’s ingenuity. . Opportunities He next noted the opportunities in that field of study. He named the 88 members of his class and showed the wide field that they now covered. Among them were doctors, lawyers, and accountants. H. B« Miller, president of the local group presided over the meeting.
Mr. H. A. Otis and Mr. G. H. Britten of the Chicago Rapid Transit and Associated Companies, Chicago, last night spoke before the University chapter of American Society of Mechanical Engineers on the subject entitled “The Elimination of Truck Occilations” as well as showing to the group of about fifty members two reels of motion pictures concerning the above subject in the Mechanical Engineering building at 7:00 o’clock. Following the picture, an interesting discussion was held in which most all of the members present took an active part. Otis is a graduate from the Uni verity of Illinois and he has been connected with the Chicago Transit Company since his graduation. Intensive study and experiments conducted on the cars of the N. Shore lines during the past two years has convinced Otis that the method of solving the objections of body motion lies in the wheels. •
PAY CHECKS
Students who worked for the registrar during the last registration period may obtain ther checks by calling at the registrar’s office. STONE.
At a meeting of the Horticultural Society last night, G. D. Koch was elected business manager of the Horticulture Show to fill the position left vacant by the resignation of C. W, Stevens, Other officers of the show which were appointed earlier in the year by Stevens Will remain the same.
'wbeks: Tuesday, 4 p. m.: No, 1, dancing; No. 2, dancing; No. 3, no meeting; Leads, act. Wednesday, 7:30 p. m.: No. 1, dancing; No. 2, singing; No. 3, singing; Leads, singing. Thursday, 4 p. m.; No. 1 dancing; No. 2, dancing; Leads, dancing. Saturday, 1:30 p. m.: No. 2, singing; No. 3, singing; Leads, singing. 3 p. m.: No. 1, dancing; No. 2, dancing. Number one refers to the “Pony’ chorus, number two to the singing and dancing chorus, and number three to the singing chorus.
J. Biebel, member of the agricultural experiment station staff, gave a talk on “New Developments In Floriculture”, emphasizing that through new improvements the prices of flowers were becoming lower and that through the use of carbon dioxide storage the keeping qualities were being increased. He also described the new artificial method of feeding flowers.
STUDENT JOBS
Students desiring odd jobs during the current semester should fill out work cards in the dean of men’s office as soon as possible. GOLDSMITH.
Tolley Predicts End Of Endov^ments Harrisburg, Pa.-^i(AGP)—Gath-er ye rosebuds while ye may, gums up the advice to the private colleges of America just offered by William Pearson Tolley, president of Alleghany College here, Endowments are due to become a rarity on the American scenb, he warns. “Regardless of the party in power,” President Tolley said, “taxes will ^ow steadily higher, the number of great estates steadily smalie? and the surplus out of which come the gifts to colleges, schools, churches and other institutions will gradually disappear.
Beauty Ballot
(Use pencil; ink blots)
I, .1— (jhoose the (signature) following four co-eds to appear in the Chicago Sunday Tribune feature section of beauties.
(Order of listing^ is imihaterial)
1,
2. .....
3.
4. . ..
(Return to Purdue Exponent. Only students are eligible to vote.)
Tomorrow evening the winter epurse students will hold their weekly meeting in Agriculture Hall at 7:30. This week’s program will be under the direction and execution of the Animal Husbandry group. They have selected several pieces to be sung by the group after their business session is completed, and following the group singing, Carl Traub,; local ventriloquist, has been engaged to entertain the short epurse boys. The meeting next week will be in charge of the Dairy Production group, and those in charge state that they will, outclass the other three groups in selecting and performing their entertainment. Met After Registration The group met shortly after their registration and discussed an athletic program which is now in full swing. An eight team basketball league has played three games, with four games ^remaining. After the basketball schedule is completed, a playground ball tourney will be. held if the Armory can be obtained. Also plans are now in pi-og-ress to start" a swimming class at the request of over fifty of the eight week boys. Some are taking up boxing and wrestling as a pastime and all in all, approximately 190 are participating in the athletic
program.
Tuesday night, ,13 men from Clinton county met at a dinner in the Union Building and organized themselves ^nto a club, under the direction of county agent E. M. Rowe and assistant E. F. Downen Both men gave short talks as did Prof. W. 0. Mills, of the agronomy depa,rtment.
Ballots for the Beauty Contest may be turned in at the Exponent box at the; Union desk; mailed to the Exponent, Box 225, Lafayette;
or deposited in any of the various campus mail boxes. Ballots placed in tile campus mail must be enclosed in envelopes addressed to the Exponent Beauty Contest.
By Frances McKee With thanks to the weather man for his weather, to Prof• M, L. Ulevett for his imagination, ahd to the WPA for part of the labor, over three hundred skaters are enjoying the new rink just east of the Armory during the course of these cold
days.
The rink population the day we were spectators varied from a little boy dressed in a minute waistcoat, a red bandanna, a leather helmet, and a pair of mittens, to. high school boys and girls devotedly holding hands, to upperclass students who had stooped to wearing freshie. stocking caps for protection ’gainst the Weather. The most col- ■ orfnl hat present was a beautifol “sky-blue pink” affair; stockings ranged even to the extent of two kinds on one person; a thi-ee cornered tear in the pant leg of one skater disclosed an area of very pink skin, and around his forehead one saw beads of perspiration. Not a skirt was to be seen at this time, all the young ladies being clothed in ski suits, most of them—as opposed to the masculine attire—very neat and good looking. Entertainment The audience on this afternoon was entertained in different manners to suit their. choice. At the south end of the rink a game of hockey was in progress; fancy figure skaters were impressing the crowd and amateur skaters with their ability at other parts of the rink; a pair of expert skate dancers were startling an<f drawing the attention of the onlookers. Anyone who became thoroughly frozen and wished to get warm might enter a small house at the south-west end of the pond on the door of which was the homely and welcome sign “GET IYARM HERE”. Inside, a very meager fire puffed smoke from an old-fashion-ed stove. Around this spot of warmth newcomers gathered to don their skates, and already frozen skaters tried to warm up a bit before having another skate or before going home. ^
WRH To Hold Tea Dance Valentiae Eve
Rutgers Men Name Serious U. S, Problems
m
New Brunswick, N. J.—^(ACP) Educational note: Asked what their opinion, were the most serious problems facing the country today, Rutgers men responded variously; 1. “The task of getting rid of
Franklin D.'Roosevelt,”
2. “A good five-cent piece to get
beer with.”
3. “Kill Bruno Richard Haupt^
mann.”
Residents of the Women’s Residence Hal} will hold an. informal St. Valentine’s day tea-dance on Thursday, Feb. 13, from 4:30 to 7 O’clock. Orval Wray will supply the music for dancing in the game room down-stairs. At 6 o’clock a buffet supper will be served in the dining room to the girls and their guests... The social committee, with Betty Elston as chairman, is in charge the decorations which will carry out the traditional thejene of tihe day. The decorations will remaih until the open house on FeK 16.
1
I' !
“Schimmel,” star of tiie police d^artment^ dog aeeti(% la crated vrith the individual solution: of ’ eigM. innirdyiih^ ^j
t> tv.'j _
Wfi
tfcwTwo _ *
PtJ&DUE
Exponent
W^t $urbue exponent
ir<Hiiid«d iii; 1883
1985-1386 Membot Associate Collbfeiate Press / Distlribtitor of '' ,OOl&EG!AtE ©HSEST* ' ;■
CO-EDITS
Member of Nalionel College Press Assodation, Big Ten Editorial Assodatioft Exdosi'rely Represented br National Adyertlslng Service, Ine. 429 Madison Ayenne^ Neyir York City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Dellyered by Bmll. $3.50 per year; delivered by carrier^ $2.50 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents,
Bnsin^s Phone 5088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial, Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITORIAL STAFF , „
EditOiv-inU^hW : , . V, Heuser Managing EWitor—. .... ............ — —.............—G. H.^C^pbell Associate Editors......: ...........A. M. Chasteen, C. M. Hardin,
" W. T. Hunt, E. H. Morris, M, G; Walther,
Sports Editor.... .... —............ .......:.............:...--_.....N. E. Hays Associate Sports Editors........................ ...:.......D. Fi Mull, R H. Walpole, L. D. W®®^ Sophomore Assistants... ...K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brocks R. L. Gribb; A. H. Forster,
C. Harper, Jr., M. Kohr, R. P. Manion, D. M. Meacham, C. L. Sadler
G. F. Roqnemore, B. C. Schenck, J. L. VonHarz
Bold and Black Editor.... ................. .........................„..W. B. Abbott "■ ^ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ BUSINESS STAFF . • . _ . , ,
,.W. A. Koch
,...H. F. Antonini ..£! Hi Brown, B. Greek, B. C. Miller _._...;.^........i........ B, J. Hulse ..J. G. Girard, G>,D. Shields
Business Manager.. Advertising Manager.. Advertising Assistants.: Circulation Manager.. Circnlation Assistants..
Editor.. Associate Editors.. Advertising Manager..
WOMEN’S STAFF Joyce Williams ..JBelen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann ..Josephine Perkins
Issue Editor—^R. C,. Schenck.
Thursdayj February 6j 1936.
Chicago Debunks Townsend ; Amid the constant discussion of the Townsend Plan for old age pensions, an interesting report comes from the Chicago University economics department. After an exhaustive study, conducted foE several months by eighteen prominent members of that group, the proposal has been declared “altogether a delusion’^ The report, published last week by the United Press, is the first intensive study of the Townsend Plan which has been made by an academic group. It deals with all the phases of the plan which proposes to pay $200-a-month pensions to seven million Americans past 60 years of age, financed by a two per cent “transaction tax”. The vast pension scheme, according to the report, would cost about 20 billion dollars a year, which is about 40 per cent of the national income. The group declared that such a burden would destroy all hope of preserving a sound monetary system and cause a currency or credit inflation unparalleled in history. ; . The report continues :“The transaction tax would yield very much less than the $200 a month implies. In fact, there is no ground for believing that it would produce more than 10 or 15 per cent of the money that would be required to finance the proposed plan. . . . Administration of the plan'would be prodigiously difficult if not impossible... . Rather than reviving business, it would have the opposite effect... . While proving ineffective to meet the claims, it would constitute a burden large enough to exert a strong upward pressure on living costs and strong downward force on wages and farm prices. ... It would cause the virtual disappearance (or migration to Canada) of security markets and produce exchanges.” Other criticisms which have been made of the Townsend Plan are : that it would delay recovery by increasing business uncertainty, that it would be unwise to pay pensions regard-^ less of need, and, that the social effects of supervising the lives of the pensioners would be adverse to the welfare of the nation. It seems that the Townsend forces, by their support of such an ill-advised measure, are distracting attention from and endangering enactment of more reasonable pension plans in the future.—A. M. C.
Good moirdiig, the iliustirotis editor of this cplyuna had to: he poured in pi^t, we submit the foUoWing:^ Overheard: at the: Fisi house: “Is our dance gonna be forhial, or can I wear niy own clothes ?” “Fin a fast woman!” shouted Betty Ann Plorer, as she tried to get 'up from the glue-smeared seat. Some men may smile in the face of . ^ death. While others may only frown. But the man worth while, is the man who can smile. When his garter’s coming down. THINGS THAT DON’T EXIST Sandwiches without bread or beer without pretzels or the Blazer without Pierce. Prof: What is America’s most famous Trunk Line? Fuller: The Union Show Chorus. Have you heard the story about the SAE pledge who wrote home that he had three cute—and received a first aid kit in the return
mail?
.. OWED TO ABBOTT. ■ Some folks don’t mind their busi- ■ ness, - ■ The reason is, you’ll find; They either have no business, Or else they have no mind. Deedee: George didn’t say more than three Words last night. Lustig: Honestly, honey, you shouldn’t let him kiss you so much. Incidently, halitosis jokes are in bad odor, and are not eligible for the MARS double-pass. Oh, shed a tear for Beta Jake, Fate sure did treat him crupl. He perished by a dire mistake, He drank his own white mule. FREAK ADS Wanted—-Ladies to sew buttons on the second floor of the Home Economics Building. Apply Miss Willoughby, after 4 p. m. For Sale-^A large dog, wiU eat anything. Very fond of children. Call 1100.
Their Fate Is In Your Hands! For the past several years, it has been the privilege of but a few people, often outsiders, to choose who shall reign supreme as the beauty queeins of this c&mpus. V
As the result of so much current disfavor regarding this method of choosing the campils beauties; a morp democratic one has been suggested by A. ML Xennedy, Sunday editor of ; the Chicago Tribune, Whereby our four most beautiful c6-eds may be chosen by popular vote.' Perhaps the four that will be chosen ■ this week will he the same as those selected by the Tribune reporter several weeks ago, but obAuously not; from all indications.
A M C Thursday - Friday - Saturday If h ■ r aT'k"!
.'Paramount Piefura with iimiiiiii
I once tried to restate the principles of flood regulation of Dr. Engels, a famous Gerriian hydraulic engineer; so as to make them apply to the control of economic floods and subsequent depressions. The first principle sounds plausible without restatement. It reads: 1. “The stabilization and protection of the banks is the first prerequisite of a successful system of regulation.” The second, like a text from the scriptures, needs exposition: 2. “Mean and low water regulation serves also a;s flood protection in so far as stabilized river channel facilitates the discharge of the flood flow.” I suppose this should be interpreted to mean that the stimulation of public work during the depression would preserve the standard of living and so the market for goods in the subsequent boom period, 3. “Embankments built solely in the interest of agriculture are harmful.”—^Prof. W. E. Howland.
READERS‘„OPlN!ON , . The Exponent welcomes comments oi good taste and reasonable length from its readers. Typewritten articles are preferred.
Wanted—A furnished room by a girl 16 feet square. Box 113X.
Lost—^A fountain pen by an Alpha Xi pledge half full of green ink. (Continued on page 4)
AtillEO features
also BUCK JONES in “Hello Trouble” and “ADVENTURES OF BEX AND RINTY’’
Jiiist a Try one of Wheeler’s hot sizzling steaks. A new thrill awaits you.
Resents Seating Plans
To the Editor: It is a well recognized fact that the University needs a field house. The large attendance in basketball games not only makes this need important, but also necessitated the removal of the home games from Memorial Gymnasium to the Jeffer^ son high school in Lafayette two years ago. Supposedly thi^ move was to provide seats for all who wished to attend tl game, but students with coupon books have often considered themselves cheated under the system of seating now in use. Presumably all University athletic contests are played for the benefit of the student body, even though other customers are necessary to make the various sports financial successes. With this in mind, it is no wonder that students consider themselves privileged in choice of seats, and no wonder that they feel they have been cheated when no seats of any kind are available. This sad situation has been apparent At most of the baske ball games played at home. Students are packed like sardines in the uncomfortable bleacher seats, and many of them are forced to stand up, and can see only snatches of the game. At the same time there are often many vacant seats in the balcony, and many persons not of the faculty or the student body are admitted to the lower floor on payment of the general admission price, which is lower than that for the better balcony seats. As the best supporters of athletics at the University, coupon book owners surely have flrst fights to seats at the games and the athletic department should see to it that they have seats at all home games. Provision should be made to seat all such students, either by excluding those without coupon books from the main floor, by reserving a section of the balcony for students, of both.—Griped,
Luncheon? . . . Dinner? . . . or just a bite after the show or dance ? No matter what you might prefer, you’ll find true dining enjoyment at Wheeler’s — Lafayette’s Finest Restaurant. ,
Continuous 24 Hour Service
LUNGH Phone 6810 420 Main Street
an outsider, who had no way ol knowing the co-eds whom she chose, the campus ballot was proposed. We personally believe that* the hew selection will be more representative of the student body. However, this can be only under one condition and that is if everyone cooperates in preventing the so-called “stuffing of the ballot box”. College students should by this time be broad-minded enough to cast aside personal prejudices and vote for the co-eds best qualified, for this honor.
Today, the tide is rising against the selection of the winners of such contests on beauty alone. Miss Harriette Hatch who, for the past six years, has chosen one of the six beauties at Ohio Wesleyan, asserts that, “Today, ,a girl must be intelligent in order to be beautiful. Besides having her share of brains, she must be well known and well liked. She must have had a prominent part in activities of the campus, and—this above all—she must be genuinely friendly.” The point is, : that the real college beauty must be elected, and to be elected, she rnust have, besides physical attraction, the qualities mentioned
above.
Every precaution is being taken to make this election a fair and square one. Because so many students felt that the previous selection of campus beauties did not adhere to the rules of fairness, since
The Tribune is cooperatiUg with us by again reproducing the photographs of this University’s four most beautiful Womeh, us chosen by the Students themselves. Sihee this paper has done its share, we should feel our responsibility and not make this a one-sided affait. ;'E..,L.M.
Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. RISK Luther a. risk 400 Sriiultz Bldsr. Phone 67M Corner 4th and Main
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
Double Feature Program
TODAY - FRIDAY Greatest of Oil Perry Mason’s stories by the author , of “Case of the HoTFling Dog.” “The Case of the Lucky Legs” Warren Williams - Patricia Ellis. Allen Jenkins V also DOLORES DEL RIO EVERETT MARSHALL (Singing Idol of Stage and Radio) in “I Live for Love”
TODAY - FRIDAY - SA'TUMAY
HE; FSGHTSHSS WAY TO V.IGI TORY and LOVES
A.
EPISODE 7
THI CM:ii IHi CWiBS
SfapcIieiJ collaps ape cominq LacL Tpq til is new and fasliionaMe wide-spread Duke of Kent model, designed parliculaplq fop qounq men. Eacli
ARROir
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
"Wheel of fate has many spokes"
Thrilllns..| Creepy ..I Bafflins..!
We carry a full line of Arrow Shirts. SOUTHWORTH’S
Plus CARTOON - NEWS
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Lavish Girl Musical Show of a 1000 NoveltiesLewis. And Byrne Lose Clp^e Decisions i CapacityCrowd Sees 37 ExceptidmA Fights X Seven of the nine Purdue fighters entelred in the Lafayette Golden Glove tourttey won their fights last night at the Lafayette Armory. It was. the third night of the fights and the first night that Purdue, fighters appeared on the card. A capacity crowd witnessed the extraordinary large card of 37 fights. . '
. M. W. Steelman, Purdue’s entry in the 118 pound class, won a de- \ cision over Jay Stair of Mulberry. Emmett Markey, 112 pounder of the University team, flashing a world of speed and deception connected a straight one-two near the middle of the first round, which floored Hubert Hendershot of Wolcott for the count. Gerald Dix, University 135 pound entry, floored Robert Sparger, Lafayette, in the first round. Sparger injured his. arm in the fall and oflicials decided it was best to stop the fight. Dix won on a technical knockout. William* Lidgard, 147 pounds, duplicated Dix’s performance by gaining a technical knockout in the first round over his opponent, Roy Graft of Remington. Lidgard, using an open style of slugging, battered Graft into helplessness in short order. John Lewis, Purdue 147 pounder, lost a close one to Bill Reynolds, Lafayette, who has been champion
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Malm St.
in his weight division for the last three years. Lewis landed a hard right early in the first which nearly put Reynolds away but the Lafayette boy hung on and came back to pound out a three round decision.' Bud Giles, another University 147 pound entry, easily pounded Lornie Davis, Green Hill, into submission in the first round and was awarded a technical knockout decision. Steven Bachrach, another of the Purdue 147 pounders, won over Carl Bassett, Ambia on a technical knockout which came at the end of the first round. Joe Giovanni, Purdue 147 pound, defeated Ned Goodwin, Prankfprt, on a technical knockout at the end of the second round. Giovanni and Goodwin were slugging hard and fast from the gong to the end of the round. It was the last fight of the evening and one of the best. The crowd went wild at the continued slugging. Johnnie Byrne, Purdue entry in the 126 pound class, lost a close decision to Robert Ruegamer of Lafayette earlier in the evening. Each first down would count for one point under a new football scoring system proposed to the national collegiate rules committee.
Co-Eds
Have you ever tried the new Minette Beauty Shop ? You will be delighted with the expert service and advice, as well as the latest in equipment and furnishings, that are making this shop so popular. And it is quite handy to the campus —^right next door to Deac’s, in connection with . the Shaving Kids Barber Shop. Standard Prices
Min^tte’s ieauty Shop Rear of SHAVING KIDS BARBER SHOP Phone 2067 327 State Street Or Call In Person for Appointment
PHESS CLOTHES For This Hi^h Hat Season
When you “step out” don’t let outymoded formal clothes mark you as a “has-been.” Styles have changed in the last few years —coats are different, trousers are different. You can be confident that you’ll be absolutely correctly attired if you rely on us.
The Dinner Coat The Tail Coat -
$25 $30
SOUTHWORTH’S
MEN’S WEAR
7:00—.Ward< 4 vs. Warf lt 7:16--Ward 15 vs. Ward 2. 8:25—Ward 8 vs. Ward 1-X. Court 2, Borchelt 7:00—Phi Delta Theta vs. Pi Eappa i' Alpha. , ‘ ' 7;15-^Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Al? pha Epsilon. 8:25—Sigma Nu vs. Phi $igma Kappa. Court 3, Hutt 7:00—^Ward 9 vs. Ward 1. 7il5—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha Gamma Rho.
Quintet Plays Conference Games Away Boilermakers Engage Iowa, Minnesota In Week-End Frays Even though Coach “Piggy” Lambert’s basketeers are running Everett Dean’s Hoosier aggregation a close race for the lead at present in the conference title fight. Boilermaker followers are wisely anxious concerning the trip this week-end on which Purdue will meet both Iowa and Minnesota, two teams that are capable of springing an upset. The record of five straight victories so far has placed Purdue in a tie for first place, yet a slip-up this week-end might dash all chances for capturing the crown.
Iowa
Despite the fact that Iowa, Saturday night’s foe, is one of the two teams in the Big Ten that has never won an undisputed hardwood title, the Hawkeyes have been a consistent stumbling block in the Boilermaker path and more than once have popped Purdue’s title balloons. The surprising lowans always seem to reach the peak of their game against the Boilermakers, and in the last four games with the Hawkeyes, Purdue has been able to salvage only one victory. Incidentally, Iowa is the only Big Ten combination that is within striking distance of the Boilermakers on the basis of the long-time series since the World War, for in 21 games Purdue has piled up only a slim 11 to 10 edge, and Old Gold and Black supporters have learned by sad experience that it never pays to make predictions when the two teams meet on the hardwood. Gophers Purdue has fared much better against Minnesota, which will provide the Monday night opposition at Minneapolis, winning 14 out of 18 games since 1918, but the Gophers have clearly demonstrated in their last four games with Northwestern, Michigan, Ohio State and Indiana that they have a quintet more than capable of upsetting the Boilermakers. The long road jaunt, coupled with the fact that Purdue’s speedy game will demand forty minutes of sustained action each night, is expected to provide a severe test of the stamina of the comparatively small Boilermaker combination.
Two Teams To BatBo 111 Practice Came By S. II. Griffiths, Jr. Purdue’s up , and coming freshman squad will have a second chance to show their speed and ability in a game which will precede the Varsity-Northwestern game on Saturday, February 16. Two teams, chosen from the freshman squad will compete in this contest which begins at 6 o’clock. The principal objects of this game are to give the squad practic under fire and before an audience as well as to entertain the fans in the usual slack pre-game period since conference rulings prphibit freshman teams from competing with teams from other schools. These games also give the team followers an idea of what future varsity teams will be like, Pehring Pleased Freshman coach, Dutch Fehring, is particularly pleased with his material this year because, rather than a few outstanding stars as in former years, he has a team composed of equally able mem^who, because of this equal ability, have developed a team spirit which is better than previous years.. He has two or three tall men but the majority are the small, fast type characteristic of Coach Lambert’s teams. The final cut of the freshman squad was made last week and the squad now consists of the following men: Anderson, Higgins, Dawning, Zuik, Vergane, Lyboult, Hutt, Donovan, Swan, Mascari, Van Hoose, Dickinson, Barsha, Montague, Vernon, Mihal, Dean, Miller, Gutting,
Winchell.
First eliminaiions in tbe boxing contest sponsoreH'1^ the Military Department were fun oflf yesterday for those in the 185 and 126 pound classes. The winners of the seven matches were Bertocine, H3, Ttedwell, HI, Pddey, A3, in the l36 pound class, Noll, P2, and Beers, El, in the 126 pound class with Weller, Al, in the 145 pound'class. Those entering today’s match^ should report to the basement of the Memorial Gymansium at 4 o’clock this afternoon or as soon as possible after that time. Winners and runners-up in each weight division will receive medals for their performance. Any member of the Purdue Military Corps is eligible to participate in the contests.
June 22, ten days before the American Olympic rowing trials, has been set as the date for this year’s Poughkeepsie regatta.
■we h&ve ' going ttinniglt iia«« , bnir onC It ft h&ietteae amS dead looking. Ldt m give one oS cat oil atudniKHMit KIENLY. ' "'i Beniity Stifdli0
if a
Sandwieb a Drink
then a CHOP STEAK....
.10c
at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
FOR THE MEN’S INTERFRATERNfTY DANCE
The Corsage or Character
from the distinctive florists
ROTH Florist, Inc.
635 Main St.
Phone 8050-7955
And So The Battle Of Sexes Goes On; Here Are Oklahoma U. Opinions The battle of the sexes seems not confined to old Purdue. From the Oklahoma Daily comes a survey of campus opinion that is strangely suggestive of home. From it we learn that the ,eds at Oklahoma think the co-eds “high-hat”, conceited, over-desirous of popularity, and too hard, to date. The females think that the men drink too much, are stingy, and don’t mean what they say. / The article winds up by deciding that the ed will have to find out by trial and error method whether or not it irks his date when he asks her what she wants to do, and when he “drinks anything stronger than pink tea”. Here the Purdue man seems to lead his fellow sufferers. He either knows whether such things bother the girl or doesn’t give a darn.
C AMPUS leaders have adopted the new "boy” in the Edgeworth family--Edge-worth Jr. Although Edgeworth Jr. entered the colleges only a few months ago, the new, light, free-burning tobacco for both pipes and cigarettes is already "tops” in every class. Made by Larus & Bro. Co., Richmond, Va. Tobacconists since 1877.
^)RN GOB PIPE CLUB OF VIRGINIA. Crossroads fun, music. Wednesday nights at 9:00 (E.S.T.) over NBC Blue network, direct from Richmond. Va. (Pacific Coast; KFI. KPO. KOMO, KGW, KHQ)
lAl;
''
|5;i« tin.-'Wrapped in moisnus.psoofXeUopItanik’*l i; M
■*>- ^ iV ^
yp
. ®' ■ ‘ ff/, ^
wl
4
a f, •>!. 2 iW^lXfXf ,W
I
I)
f
f ' i !
'\-lit -j^ 'kt
mmm
fv
If
J
I ^ ' '' f ^ ^ '
Tttt Pijf'k^ifn
1 H p'J^r V' V
^-1
4^
If ,), f ^ ^ n‘" *■ al i f i- \ u < ^ 1 f ^ /Jj ^ ^y'-1> >' ■ ,\ ‘^ t ^-'' <f.i‘ .4 ■■ i ” >.i ', ,' i ‘ * 4 I I ’’ “*• !»'.-' «i.....-?-!.-
nil lliiiiiiiimlii<ifi niiiiiniiif imiiilii<i»WM.nniii.*iUiiiitUi)jiii<iiiha
"4 P
’f^'-^Vilf
„!illit^|iyt. flWaW
In
J i
Cldssitied Ads.
♦TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—Por sale, rent, repaired and bought Multigraph and mimeograph work done C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Mam St Phone 2779.
Lost—^Man’s gold wrist watch in Union wash room. Reward. Call Craig, 2852.
Chamberlain’s Special For This Week—Orange Pudding and Vanilla Order it—^it’s delicious.
Wanted—Student wants roommate. Also board if desired. 482 N. Giant St.
LOST—K. & E. Slide Rule No. 468,404 Return to Keith Farr. Phone 85204.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p.
Alpha Zeta—^Meeting tonight at 7 30 in Agriculturist olfice —GARDNER.
Scrivener Clnh—^Meeting tonight at 116 Sheets St Bring manuscripts —BLOCKER
Co-ed Fencing—7 o’clock Timberlake, R. Megruiar Reed Abbott Judith Jones Gray Riechers W Ethel Eastbum Parks Haywood Maier 7 46 White Means McCool, Tubbs Hawkins Stewart Pittman Craig Wiley Kernel Rowe, Rose, Venemann, Colt Beko Knc^p, Hoegland M Blocker, Hague Turner 8 30 Klein, Nelson Hutson Beilke TJmfreys Boehn Pflughaupt Shaifer Bosco L Nicholas Blank, Cameron Zussin Harry Caldwell Stair Whittington Halstead, Rogers J Bauer —HADLEY
Tan Bteta Pi“-Ban(iufet in Untoiii tonight at 8S80. ^WOODLING Women’s Volleyball—^Ih the sinali gyin at 4 Chi Omega vs Ward 2 At 4 30 Alpha Xi Delta vs Ward 8 In the large gym at 4 Pi Beta Phi vs Ward 1 At 4 30 Kappa Kappa Gamma vs W R. H —SCUDDER Dance Programs- v ail for programs for Fraternity Presidents’ Ball at 4 at the Union —MICHELS
W. S G A Office Committee—^Meeting at 4 today in the W S G A office —LIPPERT Co-ed Riflery—^Tonight will be the last night for class rifle meet. If you have missed practices make them up tonight Freshmen at 7, sophomores at 7 16, juniors at 7 30, and seniors at 7 45 —McQUEEN
k & B— {(auntiuued ff6m phgff 2) Lost—^A bottle t)y a matt httlf lull of old' Scotch. Call John Ploelm. FtUttkie Ford (in trig Class): How do you like my figure? Pro| (looking her over): Not tiad, not.. . bad. TESTIMONIALS **I hate women, an’ Pm glad I hate ’em, ’cause if I didn’t hate ’em> I’d like ’em, an’ I hate ’em.—^Kirkpatrick.
Silver Mask—Business meeting at 7 80 in room 1 of Union tomorrow —HAMMANN
Bowling—All campus bowlers must pay their 50 cents at the intramural office immediately —HAMILTON Knitting Club—Meet tonight at 7 in the Union office —KUEHN
Freshman Engineers—Meet for engineering lectures at 11 today by divisions as follows Div A—C E Building Div B— Michael Golden Shops Div C—E E Build ing Div D—M E Building —KNAPP
Camera Club—Meeting tonight at 7 16 in Union ballroom Everyone invited —SCHOLER.
Union Workers—Will my committee meet in the Student Union office at 4 today Please —CLARK
Union Show—Rehearsal for choruses 1 and 3 today at 4 —FULLER
Co-ed Swimming—Open swim for women from 7 30 to 9 30 —ELLIS
Fratermty Presidents—^Bnng all badges to the Union ballroom by 4 today —HARPER.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council — Dinner meeting tonight at 6 at Alpha Gamma Rho house —McConnell
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lame-Pyke-Werkhoff
R O T C Seniors—All men having pic tures taken at Camp Knox last summer who wish to have them printed in the Debris please bring prints to the Debris office this or tomorrow afternoon —BRAYTON
Gimlets—We have been invited to attend the W R H open house next Sunday aft emoon from 3 to 6 —BROWNING
Chess Club—Meeting in reception room of Union at 7 30 tomorrow night —OHAVER
Zouaves—Important meeting at 4 tomoi row in the Armory —KANY
Registration Workers—Call at my office for checks —BODDEN
Phone 3882
WBA A
Today
11 00—^Business and Professional Speech Prof Lull 11 60—News Flashes 12 00—^Music 12 16—Orval Wray s Orchestra 12 80—^Von and Rex Gallion 12 46—Civic Agencies 1 W—^Musical Memories
16—^Howard Keenan pianist
30—Treasure Chest 45— ^Final Markets 00—Home Fconomics 16—Better Expression
30—^Don Bowden tenor 46— ^Music by W P A
“I’d rather be tight than president.”—^Johnny King. As the wealthy old lady said to the orphans, “I’ll raise you two.” God made earth, and rested. God made man, and rested. God made woman, and since then, Neither God nor man has rested. —swiped. P. Stone (pleadingly) Just one more kiss H, Hall: Mother won’t hear of it Stooge: I hope not. McConnell Do you use William’s Shaving Cream’ Beggs: No, I don’t room with him any more. “Jeanie-pie” Hanley plays “Pef-fie-cake (Peffer) every afternoon in that den of iniquity, the Sweete Shoppe Can adolescence be overcome—or IS it like Chasteen’s mumps ’ More later maybe. Last line (hooray!): When they grow bigger damn fools, colleges will have ’em respectfully. Riff an’ Raff.
Beginning next year, M. I. T. will limit its freshman class to 600
DR. A. M. Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
4
i V )«.
5
you will have to be careful of your Personal Appearumie.,..^ettkr see that yhur clothes are Grown Cleaned regularly.
FINE
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Today Winter Course Society meeting, Ag. Building, assembly room, 6 009 00 p. m Discussion Forum, rooms 1 and 2, Union Building Subject Comparative Religion Tomorrow Interfraternity Ball, Memorial Union ballroom, 9 00-1 00 a^ m. Cosmopolitan Club, informal dance, Union Building, faculty lounge, 8 p. m. Saturday Basketball—Purdue at Iowa Phi Kappa Psi informal dance, chapter house, 9 00-12,00.
R. C. EISENBACe Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ckies are
Ihut brunds ul fruib
Excess of Acidity of Other Popular Brands Over LuckyStrike Cigarettes
§
, 3
BAIANCE I L U C KV st R i K E
BRAND B
BRAND
BRAND
All kinds of people choose Luckies, each for reasons of his own. But everyone agrees that Luckies are A Light Smoke of rich,ripe-bodied tobacco. It is a rather surprising fact that the leaves of the same tobacco plant may vary far more than the leaves from plants of quite different types. Chemical
r
Copj^cigbt 1986 The American Tobacco Componv analysis shows that the top leaves contain excess a Ikolies which tend to give a harsh, alkaline toste.The bottom leaves tend to ^acidity In the smoke. It is only the center leaves which approach in Nature the most palatable, acid-alkaifne balance. In Lucky Strike Cigarettes, the center leaves are used.