Purdue
X
Z-JSS
Expohent
'Volume S2f No. 3
Ihumdcor. Septoiiiber 1% 1940
4,000 Students Attend Opening fitness’ Convo
Faculty Group To Act Officials Of Airlines As Student Advisers; Will Talk To Seniors SeniotiWill Assist In Special Course
BACK TO HELL AND STARVATION \
This year the University has in- ' augurated a new featiure into the freshman counseling service. In addition to the regular junior and senior student counselors, about two hundred faculty and staff members have volunteered to serve as advisors. This group will meet at 4 p. m. on Friday, September 13 in the biology building to hear plans discussed. The student group will meet immediately afterward to out-
line their plans.
Prof. D. L. Arm, acting director of personnel, is chairman of the special faculty .committee in charge of the program. Other members on the committee are Prof. P. C. Hockema, assistant to the president. Deans Dorothy C. S.tratton and M. L. Fisher, Assistant Dean W. A. Knapp, Associate Dean V. C. Freeman, C. E. Dammon, director of admissions. Prof. H. W. Heine of V the school of pharmacy. Prof. Edith Gamble of the school of home economics, and Dr. E. P. Miller of the department of physios. Call-Outs
Yell Leaders
All sophomores interested in Working on the business staff of the Debris report to the South Tower Room of the Union building at 4:00 p. m. Thursday, September 12. The meeting will chiefly be concerned with getting all new workers started in their duties. Debris Manager, Robert Breeden will explain the general setup of the 1941 Debris and other members of the business staff will give short discussions.
Debris Workers
Freshmen and sophomore men and freshmen, sophomore and junior co-eds who are interested in cheerleading are invited to attend a meeting in room 106 of the Fieldhouse on Friday afternoon, September 13, at 4:16, according to an announcement by Bill Delmer, yell manager. Requirements and tryouts
will be discussed.
This year, the co-ed yell leaders will be furnished uniforms and given awards by Gold Peppers, senior women’s honorary.
Freshman Managers Freshmen interested in serving as footb&ll managers should report to the check-out room in the Fieldhouse on Friday or Monday afternoons, September 13 or 16, at 4:00, according to announcement by Bill Kettler, senior manager. Each freshman works two nights a week on the varsity field and one on the freshman field, but there is no limit to the number of candidates. Prom the group of freshmen workers, eight sophomores will be chosen for next year. Those frosh unsuccessful will receive keys in recognition for their year of service. At the end of the second year, this group of eight will be cut to two men who will serve as junior and then senior managers. There is no cut between the junior and senior years. Unsuccessful sophomore managers will be awarded numerals. , Dance Schedules Attention is called by the Union to aU organizations sponsoring dances during the school year. There will be a meeting of representatives of organizations sponsoring open dances on Monday, September 16, at 7 p. m. in the Student Union office. Organization sponsoring closed dances will meet on Wednesday, September 18, at 7 p, m, in the Student Union office.
What is thought to be the first air course of its kind taught in an engineering" school is being offered as an elective this semester to engineers interested in aviation. Key members of the technical staff of United Airlines located at Chicago have been booked for a series of lectures before seniors. This new course known as “Air Transport Engineering” was announced yesterday by Prof. K. D. Wood, head of aeronautical engineering. Each Monday from 4 to 6 p. m. officials of the air line will address ^ the enrolled seniors on some phase of airline development. The first speaker who will appear next Monday is A. P. Bonnalie, director of flight operations, who will talk on the origin and history of air travel. Others to appear on following^ Mondays are W. C. Mentzer, in charge of specifications speaking on present specifications for airline equipment; R. D. Kelly, Purdue ’21; chief engineer; R. W. “Shorty” Schroeder, engineer in charge of safety; C. A. Petry, in charge of communications; and H. E. Nourse, engineer in charge of design. Military Staff Gets Twelve Instructors; Loses Eight Others Wllile twelve officers, eight of whom are reserve officers and recent Purdue graduates, were added to the instructional staff of the Military department this fall, eight other officers station there were transferred to posts in other parts of the country. The twelve officers added to the Purdue staff are: Major Edward H. Hicks, transferred from Los Angeles; Major William A. Ray, from 76th PA Presidio of Monterey, Calif.; Major William D. Williams, from 18th FA Fort Sill, Okla.; Major James H. Workman, from Command and General Staff School, Port Leavenworth, Kans.; 1st Lt. John M. Wassman, ’36, Port Knox, Ky.; 1st Lt. Edward McMaken, ’33, Port Wayne; 1st Lt. Franklin L. Wilson, ’37, Chandler; 1st Lt. Berner ard F. Johnson, ’37, Port Knox, Ky.; 1st Lt. James R. Burkhart, ’37, Port Knox, Ky.; 2nd Lt. Harold F. Antrim, ’38, Lafayette; 2nd Lt. Paul H. Rogers, ’37, Indianapolis; 2nd Lt. James A. Hebbeler, Evansville. The eight men transferred from the University are: Capt. Chas. O. Wifeelogel, to 9th Div., Fort Bragg, N. C.; Capt. Roy E. Hatton, to 9th Div., Port Bragg, N. C.; Lt. Col. James A. Pickering, to Hq. 2nd Armd. Div., Port Benning, Ga.; Capt. Earl J. Murphy, to 20th PA, Port Benning, Ga.; Capt. James M. Whistler, to 20th FA, Fort Benning, Ga.; Capt. Percy W. Thompson, to 5th FA, Madison Barracks, N. Y.; Capt. Conras' L. Boyle, 8th Div., Fort Bragg, N. C.; and Capt. Ernest V. Holmes, to PA, Hawaiian De-
partment.
Traveler To Ledure On Eastern Affairs History 130, “Par Eastern Problems and Contemporary Affairs” with Gordon Enders as lecturer is being offered by the University again this year. The course is being offered as an elective to juniors and seniors. Classes will be held on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at \ 11 o’clock. Included in the course will be a study of the problems of the Par East, the conflict of Japan, China and other powers, and the nature of American interests in this region.
U.
f I
“Boy, wUl I hit the books this year!”
Baton Twirlers Surprise Shrike With Appearance, Style, Skill
We were sitting quietly on the green over on the north end of the campus in front of the Women’s Memorial Gym happily enjoying the picnic basket that our landlady had dreamed up for us, when we noticed that a gang of squatters were encroaching upon our feastal grounds. Co-eds and men, carrying little silver poles with a knob on one end, began to congregate on the grass of the oval. It looked like maybe they were going to put on a show, so we wiped our mouths on our shirt sleeves, stuck our thumbs in our vest pockets, and sat back to enjoy the floor show. Show Sta|:ts Well, after awhile they got started, and you should have seen the way they threw those batons — that’s what the little silver poles were, we found out later—all over their anatomies and all around the atmosphere. We were sure that the whole bunch of them were going to take off at any minute. Anyway, after about a half hour it seemed to be safe to come close to them, so we walked over to the little fellow, who seemed to be in charge of the proceedings. He turned out to be Gene Mundorf, publicity director for the Purdue Military Band. “Wow!” says he, “we’ve really got something here this year.” After a few minutes of incoherent enthusiasm that exuded from Gene, we finally got him to tell us that the “something” that the band “really got” this year was the best group of baton twirlers that has been seen on this campus in a lifetime. Well, we’re from Illinois and that’s close enough to Missouri to
Maury Mahn To Play At PI A Tea Dance There will be a tea dance sponsored by the Purdue Independent Association Saturday afternoon from 3 to 5 p. m. Co-eds will be admifjted free of charge; men holding PIA membership cards will be admitted free of charge; and all other persons will be charged ten cents admission. Music for the dance will TO played by Maury Mahns and his band.
keep up from believing all that we hear, so we asks him to give us a little sample of this svelt performance he was in such a rage about. Practical Proof Gene called the three twirlers he thpught were the best over to perform for us, and well—did you ever see a batoneer toss a gyrating silver pole to about the height of Heavilon Hall tower and then catching it on the palm of his hand? We did, and we saw a lot of other antics that give that thrill which comes only in watching rodeos, circuses and side shows. In other words these kids are good. One of the three experts of the baton looks as if she—yes, she— had just escaped from a Petty drawing. Her name is Mary Helen Pohlman; s^ is blonde and is a freshman in the HE school. While she performed we noticed that she was a perfect combination of grace and beauty. We were ti|ying to find out what her telephone number was when the two eds who completed the trio walked up. One of the fellows. Gene Huffman, a ffeshman engineer from Logansport, is the kind of a man every Purdue co-ed dreams of when she registers with the Date Bureau. Gene said he had been twirlling only since 1938. It was hard to believe that he had become such an accomplished twirler in that short time, but imagine our surprise when we found that he had been teaching advanced baton twirling to band directors at the Vandercook Music Gamp in Michigan this summer. The other batoneer is Lloyd Myers, a frosh engineer from Arsenal Tech in Indianapolis. Lloyd was assistant drum major for three years at Tech. He specializes in duo-twirl-ing, that ^s, he keeps wo batons in motion at the same time. “Boss” Mundorf pointed out to us neophytes the fact that each of the^e boys. Gene and Lloyd, possessed a different si^le of twirling. He hastened to assure us that each was a champion in his own style. He wasn’t fooling either. All we can say now is that if “class will tell,” we’re going to hear a lot of talking from the fellows out in front of the Military Band this year.
Elliott Ward Pay Tribute To Late Noble E. Kizer I Four thousand University students and faculty member took time out from their busy pre-school schedules last nig^t to gather in the Music Hall for an impressive and heart-warming “Fitness Convocation.” 1 In explanation of his reason for choosing “fitness” as basis of the convocation, and the meaning the the word, President E. C. Elliott s^id, “This meeting of substance and spirit win serve its high purpose to make each of us ‘fiP for whatever doing the year ahead demands.”
Exponent Issues Call For Sophomores; Old Staff To Meet Today The Purdue Exponent, University daily, will end its week of preschool activities, which included three editions and an extensive circulation drive, and will begin regular publication with a meeting of the “old” editorial staff this afternoon at 4 o’clock and one for sophomores who are new Exponent workers Saturday hftemoon at 1 o’clock. Both meetings will be held in the Exponent Office in the Union. According to D. K. Heiple, managing editor, jimior associate editors and sophomores who worked last year and this fall will put in their preferences for working times at the meeting this afternoon. “New” sophomore men will be officially welcomed by Exponent junior and senior staff members Saturday afternoon, and will start upon what is promised to be a comprehensive instruction period. Heiple listed the following qualifications for aspirant Exponent workers: 1. An active and flexible sense of humor. 2. A spirit of cooperation. 3. Ability to take orders and carry them out. 4. Perserverance. 5. No previous newspaper experience is necessary, although experience will be helpful at first. Members of the staff should bring schedule cards to the meeting this .afternoon. Exponent publication began regularly this,morning and will continue so throughout the school year, except for official llniversity vacations and final examinations (when papers come out every other day). Playshop Man Awes Enaineer Workers Smdents coming out of registration at the armory may have been ovemhelmed by numerous hawkers endei^oring to sell their wares. Sonrnl of them subscribed to the causai others did not. Meanwhile many complained of an impecunious condition. However, once this shortage of money was not in evidence. This occurred when J. E. Dietrich of Playshop offered to buy a subscription to the Pxirdue Engineer if they could change the hundred dollar bill with which he was ready to pay. A quick survey soon produced the necessary amount. By that time, Mr. Dietrich had gone back to Playshop, leaving the Engineer salesman with money to burn. (Reliable sources indicate that they did not.) Since then Dietrich and the salesman have been playing a cat and canary game, with Dieiarich serving quite satisfactorily as the canary. At the last count it was heard that the Playshop director was attempting to trade even with the solicitora for a playshop ticket.
Keynote Continuing his explanation, President Elliott said, ‘"The word ffitness’ Soimds a keynote for each of us because of conditions in this troubled world. It is a chall^tge to us, and it is the inescapable duty of each member of the University to be fit in body, mind, spirit, and in work, play, and activities.” President Elliott next paid tribute to the late Noble E. Kizer, past director of athletics of the University who died late this summer. Dr. Elliott, ' while introducing !Arch Ward, sports editor of the Chicago Tribune, ssrmbolized Kizer as the spirit and ideal of the University. Ward, a friend of the'late athletic director, said that Kizer was one of the finest sportsmen that the United States has developed, and that America could not afford to lose men like him. He then quoted from his colunm printed in the Tribune the day after Kizer’s death. Taps At the close of Ward’s tribute. Noble Kizer’s picture was thrown on the screen, and the audience stood at attention while “Taps” was blown. The University Glee Club then sang two selections, “Ave Marie,” and “Soldiers of Fortune,” which were followed with a brief address by David E. Ross, president of the ' Board of Trustees, entitled, “A Timely Challenge.” Ross stated that with the opening of the University thi« year loomed the greatest crisis of his 19 years’ experience on the Board of Trustees. He continued, however, to say that if we uphold the ideals of the University, we will not need to worry this year, or during the years to come. George Ade, prominent writer and alumnus, followed Ross on the program with a history of the "Victory Bell and the Old Oaken Bucket, after which Dr. C. K. Jones, Chicago physician, who graduated from Indiana imiversity in 1914, added to the history of the origin of the bucket. Mascot Presented Bert Bohlin, president of the Reamer club, then presented the mascot, a locomotive super-struc-tmre mounted on an automobile chassis, to President Elliott and the University. The mascot bears the title “Boilermaker Special” on its sides in gold letters. John Zuck, head yell leader, followed the presentation of the mascot with thfee Boilermaker yells. President EllMott then armounced the winning of the Munro Trophy, annual award for fraternity scholarship, by the local chapter of Alpha Chi Rho, social fraternity. Colonel D. M. Beere, commandant of the University ROTC Corps, was unable to speak because ctf illness, and President Elliott said a few words in his place. The convo was closed with the singing of “America,” and “Hail Purdue.” James N. Dmis . . . assistant to the director of personnel in the schools of en^^ eering and science since his graduation in 1937 haa resigned to become assistant director of personnel for the Illinois Tool Works at Chicago. The firm mawffactnreh predsion machine hrals.S
%
PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, September 12, 1940
ifi
ki
Clevett Plans Varied Coach Elward Gives Entire Grid Intramural Prograin Squad First Scrimmage Session
'Ptvm ttll TT'Vifif^^s 4*notvio ■
Athletics for all. That’s the thetae of the Ihtramural Department which fuhctions so smoothly under the leadfeiShlp of Director Clevett. It is the aim of the department to furnish a full and varied program of athletics for every male student at the school. The system is based upon the belief that the average student has the desire to enjoy the fun and benefits that are the re-
wards of athletics.
The department is ready to furnish the necessary equipment for almost any sport. A 22 acre field located north of the Women’s Residence Hall is the base for most of the outdoor sports. The field contains eight touchball fields,/18 softball diamonds, a putting green, and is flanked by a cross-country track. The Fieldhouse, the headquarters for indoor sports, contains the swimming pool^ a track, basketball courts, a badminton court, squash racquet courts, boxing and wrestling rings, complete gym equipment, ping pong tables, and in the basement, the vast plant of the department provides locker facilities.
Free Equipment
Equipment for any sport is provided without cost by the department and may be drawn out at the equipment window in the basement. Towel service is provided at all
times.
Both inter-fratemity and nonorganized competition in all branches of sports is carried out throughout the entire year. West Lafayette has been divided up into wards, each ward containing around 125 students. Every ward has an athletic manager whose job it is to organize teams and keep in touch with the department. Cary Hall sports have been incorporated into the independent intramural pro-
gram.
Play Begins The season’s program starts soon after the opening of classes, probably in a little more than a week. Softball and tennis are the sports ' that are first on the program. Practice games in both ward and interfraternity competition have been arranged and the tennis tournament will start without prelimin-
Taylor Gets Appointment To Indiana State Egg Board D. J. Taylor, a 1914 graduate of the University, was recently appointed acting secretary-treasurer of the Indiana State Egg Board and acting chief egg inspector in the enforcement of the state egg law. He spent three years doing poultry 4-H club work at the University of Georgia. Another three years were spent doing poultry extension work at Kansas State College. Since then Taylor has been engaged in the commercial egg production bus-
jbouble-practice sessions were run through for the last time yesterday, since the beginning of classes today will make it impossible to hold the morning workout. However, Coach Mai Elward will drill his inexperienced squad extra long hours in the regular afternoon session. With the opening tussel against Butler slightly more than two weeks away, Elward has divided his squad of 74 into small groups, which will allow all of the players to make fullest use of the limited time for practice. First actual scrimmage sessions were held yesterday afternoon, two separate scrimmage units being in action simultaneously. Elward asserted that is the first time in several years that the Boilermaker gridders have been ordered into scrimmage so soon after the opening of formal practice. Sophomores Get Trial The loss of 26 of last year’s lettermen will doubtlessly press many sophomores into service with this Elward edition, especially in the backfield. Already Elward is experimenting with different backfield combinations, sophomores blended in with the more experienced ball carriers, which has uncovered green but promising talent. Likely sophomore backfield men to see extended competition are Marion “Red” Carter, Bryan Brock, and Paul Andei^on. Among the sophomore tackles Bruce Warren and Bill Powers are promising. Lavern King, Bill Shimer and Forest McCaffry loom as strong contenders for the flank positions already sought after by veterans Rankin, Combs, Rush and Tycocki. Head Coach Elward is handling the squad by five assistants, each of which wore the Boilermaker uniform once themselves and were not players of just ordinary ability. Those five assistants are Guy Mack-
CAA Plans Training Of At Least Seventy Training of at least 50 pilots in the preliminary flight course and at least 20 in the advanced course is the program planned for the University this semester by the Civil Aeronautics Authority, according to word recently received by G. Stanley Meikle, director of the Purdue Research Foundation and airport executive. Experimental work in flight training on a more advanced basis may be included. Thus far, since the CAA flight training program was inaugurated here in the spring of 1939, a total of 160 pilots have been licensed and 40 others have taken the advanced course. Captain Lawrence I. Aretz directs the flight training and Prof. K. D. Wood, head of the department of aeronautical engineering, supervises the ground training.
~ giris.«be the .Inj^ |wiliki^,ihe"^ragpg5i|gfiw?^^
ey, Dutch Fehring, Mel Taube, Sammy Voinoff and Herb Duggins. Duggins is beginning his first year on the staff, having played professional ball in 1936, after which he served as a member of Louisiana Tech’s coaching staff.
Notices
No notices received after 6 p. m. University Credit Union: Notice to members : Share payments, deposits and loan applications may be made at the office of the Religious Council, Room 68, Union Building. 8-12 —BELCHER.
Purdue Peace Fellowship: There will be an organizational meeting at 7:80 p. m. in Room 68 of the Union Building Thursday, Sept. 12. All old members urged to attend. All others interested are invited. 8-12 —BELCHER.
Newman Club: All Catholic eds and coeds be at the "Get Together” dance tomorrow night in St. Mary’s Auditorium at 9 o’clock. It’s your dance; be there. 9-14 —BENNA.
WAA: WAA will have a council meeting tonight, Thursday, at 7:16 p. m. in the gym. —WESTOVER.
All PEW classes: Meet in Women's Gym. Horseback riding classes meet in gym on Friday at 4 p. m. All PEW 66 classes meet Thursday at 4 p. m. in the gym. All bowling classes meet in gym. These meetings count as class attendance. —HAZELTON.
Alpha Phi Omega: Closed meeting tonight at 7:30 in room 328 of the Union. —YATES.
Chinese Students: First monthly meeting of the Chinese Students’ Club Friday, September 13, at 7 p. m. in room 328 of the Unionr- —KU.
Eiqionent Work Schedule: Night editor, Ruffner: Day editor, Sieas ; Assistant night editor, Weiss; Stooge, Heaton. Everybody else report as workers, except the seniors. Everyone works but Father and Ochiltree. —HEIPLE.
Aspirant Exponent Workers: There will be a meeting Saturday, September 14, at 1 p. m. in the Exponent office in the Union for all sophomores who have not previously been workers on the Exponent. —HEIPLE.
Exponent “Old” Workers: There will be a meeting Thursday, September 12, at 4 p. m. in the office in the Union. Bring schedule cards, filled out. —HEIPLE.
Union Building Permanent Assignments: All organizations wishing permanent rooms in the Memorial Union building will submit written petitions to the Student Union board before Thursday, September 19. Please state the size of the organization and the reasons for wishing a permanent roomL —CLARK.
Freshman Campers: Inquire of G. H. Graves, 227 S. Grant, for articles left at the Freshman Camp. —GRAVES.
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
Today, Friday, Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE
PLUS
Canada's Heoric Mounfies Swing Into Action I HEART OF THE NORTH In Technicolor
MIDNITE PREVUESSAT.
(^eUitstry 109, llS, 126, 201b: Will students enrolled in these courses please l^ve their schedules in room 210 of the chemistry building. —ELVING.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting of all members Friday, September 13, at 4:30 p. m. in room 808 of the Union. —CORTISSOZ-
All Senior Women: Important meeting regarding senior jackets will be held in the north ballroom of the Union on Friday, September 18, at 4 p. rii. —CHANDLER-
Sportswomen: Meeting Thursday, September 12, at 7 p. m. in WAA office. —FISHLEIGH. Sophomore Baseball Managers: Sophomore baseball managers report at varsity equipment cage in the Fieldhouse, Saturday, September 14, at 1:00 p. m. ^ —DAVIS-REGERtllS.
Varsity Baseball: Varsity baseball practice Saturday, September 14, at 1:80 p. m. —FEHRING.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and i^fpaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779. —da
IM SCHEDULES (Pi^tice Games) Thursday, September 12 Softball Diamond 1. Acacia vs Phi Kappa Sigma 2. Alpha Chi Rho vs Phi Kappa Tan 3. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Kappa Alpha ^ 6. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Pi Kappa Phi 6. Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu 8. Delta Chi vs. Sigma Chi I 9. Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Nu 10. Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon 11. Kappa Delta Rho vs. Sigma Pi 12. Kappa Sigma vs. Tau Epsilon Phi 13. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Tau Kappa Epsjlon 14. Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Chi 15. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Theta Tau 16. Alpha Gamma Rho vs Theta Xi
Sale Of Season Grid Ducats Closes Soon Sale of season football tickets, as pointed out by ticket manager C. S. Doan, will be definitely closed on Monday, September 16, and to dhsure preferential seats for the three home games, football followers are urged to take advantage of bargain days remaining b'efore the deadline. The season ticket, which this year allows the bearer to see Butler, Wisconsin and Indiana in action against the Boilermakers, has proved exceptionally jiohular with the fans, benefits the purchaser over the single game price for the trio of contests.
17. Phi kappa vs. Triangle 18. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Pi Kappa Phi
For Sale—Underwood standard typewriter, like new; reasonable. Phone 66733.
Band Uniform for Sale. CHEAP. Skin 37. Phone 76721.
FOR RENT , For Rent: Single room with garage. 1600 Ravinia Road, West Lafayette. Phone 61871.
Two single rooms; first floor; no other « roomers. Very desirable. Reasonable. 410 ' Maple St. Phone 86688.
For Rent: Furnished modern home with refrigeration. Inquire 214 W. Columbia.
Room and Board: Comfortable double rooms with single beds. 428 N. Grant.
J'or Rent: Two room furnished Apt. Block from campus. Garage. Call 86202.
Modern, attractive rooms; four blocks from Union; two doubles, one small single. 114 South Salisbury.
Welcome fo fhe Sf'udeni’s and Faculty of the University, We are here for your service
SHOE REPAIRING AND REBUILDING
WOLFREN'S SHOE REPAIRING 109 Northwestern Ave. West Side
Two single rooms; first floor; no other roomers. Very desirable. Reasonable. 410 Maple St. Phone 35683.
Excellent Room for Boy: Inner spring mattress; cross ventilation. Mrs. Swank, 202 Russell. Phone 2348 or 3906. WANTED Wanted: 2 boys to share furnished cottage with cooking privileges. Reasonal^. 182 Sheets.
LOST
Lost—Pair of colorless, shell-rimmed spectacles in a big, tin case. Return to Exponent office. Reward.
WELCOME
To those students who are returning — and to those who are just entering Purdue, we extend to all, congratulations and best wishes for a successful year. We will appreciate the privilege of serving you throughout the coming year.
EDGERTON HARDWARE, INC. E. W. VanMeJer, Fcesident' 321 State Street West Lafayette
MARS rODUl-FIIIDAV
ONET ANDIHE OHM
JOHN UTEL* U8 PATRICK • HENRY O’NEILL • ROGER PRYOR • GUINN "NO BOY" WIlUAMf EXTRA—Buster Keaton Comedy - Lew l.ehr Novelty
LUHA TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
wUh f Asirid ALliWYN Plus .. . 2nd Feature
THEY’RE ALL IH ONE PICTURE... end it B-O-O-M-5 with thrillsl
’-star romance packs a wallop your heart will never forgetl
-ONE WEEKStarts TODAY MRnere!
ADMISSION . . MATINEE . . Main Floor 40c -f 4c tax: 44o Balcony 31c -f- 4c tax: 35e . . NIGHTS & SUN. . . Main Floor 54e -)- 6c tax: 60c Balcony 40c -|- 4e tax: 44e Children—All Day 15e
Hi
hf
)Thursday, S^ptembsr 11, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Bold and Black
Good morning! And before you dash oflF to your first 8 o’clock of the year light up a cigarette, sweeten your coffee, and read ihe latest of the no good. We still print the truth. —B & B— Fraternity rush is in the final stages and the sororities’ has not yet begun — ofiBcially. “Deferred”
they call it. But on our fifth quick trip through the sweet shop yesterday we noticed tables)and booths I half full of Kappas, Thetas, and Alpha /Chis. The other half was filled with freshmen sipping cokes and saying “yes^and “no” cautiously. One Theta explained it by saying that she just couldn’t stand to see freshmen women sitting alone in the mob. “The ratio,” she added. —B & B— Newly acquired Union-girl, Lois Kepner, has already blossomed out with a new fall pin. It’s Theta Tau.
When Betty and Bob Played Golf, Betty said:
SANtrONE CIEANIN& IS''TOPS‘'W«TH ME
And you*ll like it when you Try It Phone iVow for Pick-Up West Side Office — 132 Northwestern Ave.
The man’s name is unknown to us but he is tall — and wide. Those with a memory can still recall DU Swede Thursby and his jewelry. —B & B— The co-ed sophomore slump is not in, evidence yet, but sweet-speaking last year’s freshmen herald its approach. There’s something about a freshman. . . . —B & B— Junior Brock, Phi Delt footballer, made a pertinent comment on blind dates the other night that expressed the thoughts of less verbose fellow sufferers. Said Brock, “The only way she could have been worse was by hqving one leg shorter than the other.” —B & B— Bob Brown, another of the Beta dynasty Debris editors, no longer has his jewelry displayed by Betty Ann Carr. Rumor last spring foretold the coming break, but the editorship forestalled the act. Summer was long and decisive and negotiations were broken off. They say he’s still interested. —B & B— If j/ou have something you would like to have appear in this column drop by the west desk in the Union and deposit it in the little green (padlocked) box marked “Expo.” That’s the sure way. —B & B— Be seein’ yu’—if you can catch us.
Mozart’s comic opera, “Abduction from the Harem,” will be presented in its entirety for the first time in the U. S. by the music department of the University of Michigan.
ON
AT
mEGOOK&SUFPLY^ICRE
LVLE CRIOGUY-MAUAGER
308-10 $TATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND
^^Purdue^s Friendly Meeting Place
99
Jimsibf. JjoUl Back ToSthools, ... colleges, and universities trek the myriad multitudes of those who have chosen or are otherwise obliged to pursue a course of our modem-and-sometimes-elusive-brand of higher education. Some few of them return to that inimitable mode of living much against their own wishes; the countenances of some others bespeak just the bare suggestion of resentment, complaining that it is indeed an imposition for them to have to revert once again to the old grind of professor, text books and eight o’clocks. Those who are glad—^perhaps even a trifle impetuous—^to be back, and are anxious for personal accomplishments in a variety of endeavors, must surely have the attitude that is genuinely American intangible though it may be). While on foreign shores, thousands of miles from our scenes of tranquility, nations that could potentially be teeming with happy throngs, instead contemplate and practise each others destruction. When that is said, the majority of we who inhabit this vast expanse of cities, farmlands, mountains, valleys, prairies, and deserts will retort something not completely audible, but to the effect that any turmoil in other lands can be attributed directly to the leader of the country and its x>eople. Be that as it may, that point is not worth an argument. No matter who is to blame, the fact remains that we have very little of that sort of thing with which to contend. Strong young Americans participate in muscle-bending sports, in baseball, football, and basketball games; they have little at all to do with the horrible folly of war games. Our athletes will be trotting out behind a collegiate brass band, not back of rumbling field artillery. Itis better that we play the game hard, build our bodies through something that will always be a source of entertainment to ourselves and others. True, the things we accomplish by this procedure are not very tangible but at least they are not destructive. In America these next few months will And pigskin heroes breakifig from formation and crashing through and against walls of flesh and blood which have been trained to stop them. But in Europe and in Asia burly youths will clutch bayonets in their hands and fling their aching bodies out of trenches and pillboxes into walls of steel and fire that are being directed to brin^ death to these young attackers. While Europe is kept awake with constant cannonading and bombings, the only cannonading heard in these United States will come from the bats of Greenburg, Mize, Di Magpo
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post oOktt fa L*« fayette, Indiana, under the act of Conscress of Kawh S, 1879, and at the special rate of poetace provided for fa section 1103, act of October 8.1917, anthorfaed Jaanary 29, 1922. Fnblisfaed daily except Monday dating' the tegaUat academic year and weekly daring the Stammer SeSrioo. Delivered locally by carrier for 93.00 per year, mall sob* scription 98.60 Editor-in-Chief jt W- tteaahae Bnsiness Manager Merle Sageauyar PuUieation Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor j). K. Heiple Ass^te Editors; W, B. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A, Poroell, L. W. Eoffner, B. M. Skallenip, J. I* Trangott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landera ; Promotion Manager, C. E. Dangelmaier; Acconnts Manager, B. J. Sbadford, Circnlation Manager, B. M. Bectenwald.
Editor „ Associate Editors: Siess.
Editor Associate ^itora: Swaim.
Co-etf Staff
Beth Sinqpeon
Mary Kay Miller, Bath Bos^ Dmina
Sports Staff
J. P. Dolan J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, B. O.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Bepresented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Pnbliahers Bqiresentativeg. 420 Madison Ave., Mew York, N. Y. Thursday, September 12, 1940
The ^th
We’ve been traveling about so much lately we’re a little behind on the war. However, we did uncover a bit of inside information on the coming election. A garage man in Texas said President Roosevelt was a cinch for re-election. He said the people of the United States would not trade experience for experiment. It’s a changing world. That’s what the Republican’s palled in 1932. What we’re trying to decide is which is experience and which experiment. * * * Henry Wallace has been saying lately that Hitler wants Roosevelt—out of the White House. What’s that got to do with the price of string beans in 'Turkey. He can’t vote. V ♦ * Besides he wouldn’t know what to do with the place and on top of that he’s an undesirable alien. Or at least an alien.—dkh
et al and only men like Dickey, Danning and Rollie Hemsley will be wearing masks. Thank God that we are looking forward to another World Series and not to participation in another World War!—0. T. C. *43.
Motion pictures are being taken of the student orchestra conductors at Northwest Missouri State Teachers College so that they may study their faults.
HI SENIORS SENIOR CORDS for Style and Service' ■', ', i Ui \ i-ih'^-' "?*'*
Jif’
#S -y.4. V, , >4' 'i' g i^vV' \ ii <
PURDUE EXPONENir
Thursday^ September IL 1940
University Offers Extension Work In Five Indiana Cities Through a continuation of the Purdue-Indiana cooperative plan, high school graduates living in or near Indianapolis, East Chicago, Hammond, South Bend, or Fort Wasme who are interested in courses of study offered at the University, but are Enable to attend school away from home, may obtain the equivalent of approximately one year’s credit toward their degrees through extension classes offered in the five cities, it was announced today by Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean 6f engineering in charge ^ of engineering extension. 3 Year Course It was pointed out that students planning to study engineering may receive the equivalent of the freshman year at Purdue through the extension classes and be graduated after three years’ residence on the campus. Students planning to enroll in agriculture, home economics, pharmacy, science, trade and industrial education, or physical educa^tion, may receive credit for chemistry, English, mathematics, psychology, and electives as these subjects apply to the curricula of the respective schools. Credits obtained in the extension courses offered by the Engineering Extension Department of the University or the Extension Division of Indiana University under the Cooperative plan will be accepted by the University in curricula to which they apply, provided the student satisfies the entrance requirements at the time of transfers to Purdue, and the grades received are higher than the lowest passing grade given in extension classes. PENALTY DATES This school year there will be six penalty periods, according to the Dean of Men’s office. These periods include the twenty-four hours immediately before and after vacations. Absence from one or more scheduled classes during one of these periods costs the student a $6 fine. The periods for the various vacations are as follows: Thanksgiving— Nov. 20 and Nov. 22. Christmas— Noon Dec. 20 to noon, Dec. 21, and Jan. 6.
Spring—
Noon Mar. 21 to noon Mar. 22, and' Mar. 31.
High Voltage, Not Adolf, Cause of Bomb Craters South of Electrical Building
By Allanson and Armstrong We’re a bit annoyed with Adolf. This blitzkrieg stuff is all right as long as it is kept in its place but when there are bomb craters all over the campus it’s very aggravating. Especially when we stumbled into a couple of them which were just south of the EE building. It was a painful experience. However, when we investigated we found that Adolf wasn’t at fault. Our bomb craters were just the embryo stage of a new high voltage lab for the double E’s. According to what the little man who was superintending construction said, it’s going to be quite a laboratory. Except that only about half of it actually is a high voltage lab. The other half is a three story extension of the present electrical engineering bpilding which includes a few classrooms, a library, a lecture room (migawd, not another one ?) and sundry corridors and closets. The present high voltage laboratory is to become an extent sion of the main power lab. The new high voltage laboratory, costing about $272,000, is made
Puttering Shop Opens Friday; New Location Puttering Shop’s new headquarters in the sub-basement of the Union will be ready for use by Friday, according to Bob Parks, director. The three new rooms, two of which are adjoining, are being decorated and new facilities furnished. One of the rooms may be used for a woodworking shop. Materials for all hobbies, arts, and crafts are free, with the exception of metal, leaiiher, and wood, which are sold at cost. Instruction by the director is also free. The original plaster casts of the statues done by Frances Rich over the south entrance of the Union may be seen in the new Puttering rooms, which are numbers 84, 86, and 88, in the northwest comer of the building across the hall from the Student Union workshop.
possible through the accrued income from a large endowment left by the late Thomas Duncan, and will bear his name. It will house a lightning generator with a potential of three million volts supplanting the present generator with a po-tential-of a puerile million volts. Labor unions willing, it will be completed next May. Agricultural . . , Experiment Station Director Harry J. Reed and several members of the agronomy staff have gone to Ames, Iowa, to attend the annual meeting of the American Society of Agronomy, where Reed is scheduled to speak next Tuesday. Accompanying him on the trip were K. E. Beeson, M. 0. Pence, G. P. Walker, George Enfield, S. R. Miles, George D. Scarsethm, T. M. Bushnell, H. P. Ulrich, H. Kohnke, H. E. Jones, B. A. Kantz, G. 0. Mott, and A. J. Ohlrogge.
%
ew6
For those girls interested in being guards at the Memorial Gymnasium pool a pool guard training course will be held September 2327 to determine those most capable. This course will be open to all junior and senior life savers. —WAA— It is hoped that this year will find much more use of the cabin by various organizations than in previous years. To encourage its use cabin leaders will be chosen from a training course to be held September 23-26, at 7 p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium. One or two cabin leaders may then be permitted to take on organization to the cabin without having to wait until the entire WAA organization plans a cabin activity.
Printing in Tune with the Times
PLIiltY PRI
Phone 7804
326 Northwestern
West Lafayette
Freshmen!
You have picked a good school and a good town. We suppose you are busy these first few days getting acquainted,—so while you ore about it drop in and say, Hellol We are the first clothing store on the Lafayette side of the levee and will cash your checks gladly. Some of the incidentajis you will need are listed below.
CORDUROY PANTS STURDY COVERALLS WASH SHIRTS SCHOOL TROUSERS
MOLESKIN (Seude) PANTS RAINCOATS SWEATERS "T" SHIRTS SHOES
Laundry Bag .
■ ■
$1.29
Perfect for Mailing
Seniors!
CordspSlide Rule Pocket Zipper Fly
224 Main St.
And Complete List of Men's Furnishings RELIABLE CLOTHING STORE
$2.98
Phone 6730
Found In Exponent Box
He’s come to college on his own A bit bewildered, far from home. He’s consoled himself, and thoughts he’s thunk That he is likely doomed to flunk. With care life’s interests he does choose To build him up and make him smooth. That surely then without a doubt He’ll be his home town’s greatest scout. At first he’s going to join a frat And be the head of this and that. He’ll learn to drink, and smoke, and swear And soothe his innocence with care. At football games he’ll be the ace That kicks the ball clean outta space. In track teams too, he can excel To give the crowd a chance to yell. And then of co-eds he will date Just those that seem to kinda rate. For them he’ll do all things to please ^ Of'course within his monthly fees. And now to learn the “jumpin’ jive” So he can be a ‘Clubin’ Five,” And give out freely sporting jest To gain the friends within his quest. Sad, but he must learn too soon Someone will prick his joy balloon. And fate that always plays its part Will spur him to a brand new start. —Vivian R. Peterson.
Unequipped native skin divers have been known to reach depths of 120 feet and remain submerged for more than 6 minutes.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY ADULT CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed., Sept. 18, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED Thurs., Sept. 19, 7:30 P. M. Children's Classes Sat., Sept. 21 PWONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRY
A LoRRAlN-e
Designed with all the femininity of this glamorous period — full flare gored skirt edged with myriads of graceful scallops. Beautiful satin banded Lorraine Trique ' Stripe fabric noteworthy for its long wear. Colors: Tea Rose, Blue and Maroon.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
Together For First Time
The electric combination of Hedy Lamarr and Clark Gable in a cast which also includes such stellar personalities as Spencer Tracy and Claudette Colbert, makes “Boom Town,” coming to the Lafayette screen, one of the most talked-about productions Hollywood has turned out in months. The new picture will remain for seven days.
WELCOME STUDENTS
We are here for whatever service we have to offer.
BOSSUNG SHOE REPAIR WEST LAFAYETTE
STUDENTS
Specials Offered By The University Drug Store Values • $1.00 lodent Tooth Paste ^ with four brushes t-r / • Two 25c Colgate Shaving iy ^ • $1.50 Wild Root Hair Tonic ^ \ • $1.00 BarfaasoLCem Razor d^ ^ , with 5 Gem Blades O ^ / • Three 25c Tubes Listerine /i ^ Tooth Paste Ti'VF • Complete^ Model Airplane Supplies. • Complete Photography Supplies. • Complete Line Sheaffer Pens and Pencils.
University Drug Store Next to Post OfIi<^e * N. J. Arth, ’37 D, N. Hansell, ’37
Free Parking in Rear
Free Delivery
4'
n
(f.\
#>
n
r>i
^ I^ f 'If
’ " / '' - '^'''
iWMx
k *f ’t-Jl ■* / Xr^
fl4,f V :4^-*«ii- iJ ^<i>f Tlluisday* Soptembar 12.1940
PURDUE EXPONEHT
SoUkallb Soil And Newman 6ufc Freshmaii
JUIIIfQIII UUlIf flllU ,, , .,.. ., i , ,
^ Tennis Entries Due Entry lDl^Di{:s for the fall intraitiural solft^l toun^ment have A been seiit to tlie vahous campus fraternities akd are due back in the IntramUrdl office by noon on Priday. Sept. 13. Practice games will be played on Thursday and Friday, Sept. 12 End 13, and the regular encounters will begin next week. All teams will play six games in the regular schedule. End eight of
i
... tJ^il likili tkh EAkuhil “b4t •together” dance tomorrow evening at 9 o’clock in St. Mary’s Auditorium. The dance is an introductory exercise on the long list of the Newman Club’s social events planned for tjie coming year. All co-eds and eds are invited. The dance is free to co-edSr them will go to the finals. The games are scheduled to start at 4:16 with forfeits being declared if a team does not show up by 4:30. All games are to be five inning affairs and a fourteen inch ball is to be used.
. football candidatk^ intetesl^ed in trying out for the frosh grid squad are requested by Elmer Burnham, head freshman coach, to report at four o’clock tbis afternoon for tbe first practice session at the fresbman field located south o:^ the Fieldhouse. A short meeting will be held tonight at 7:30 in the Fieldhouse for all frosh candidates.
An Iris llbsiois
A new protective device to ward off dangerous radium rays has been invented by a Seed College sophomote.
WE NEED BOOKS
Your books have a ready market—ovei: 8,000 calls for books yesterday. Siudent Book, ^xchcmqiL, South Ballroom — Union Building
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Those of you who took time out from your usual nothing-to-night routine and attended the fitness program at the music hall last night were entertained by a man depicting loyalty and patience to the biggest mob of well-meaning hoodlums that ever assembled on a college campus, we Purdue men. His name is Dr. Edward C. Elliott, athletic director and President of this home of cow herders and slide rule contortionists. —I-I— Dr. Elliott’s wit not only stole the entire show, but his style of addressing (and holding) Purdue student’s attention would give Prexy an “H” in any of our speech courses. I’m pretty certain that President Elliott is the most able college president in the country, and he’s giving it all to Purdue. —I-I— The tribute paid the late Noble Kizer by Arch Ward, of the Chicago Tribune, was definitely from the heart of the nationally known sports editor, because Arch and Nobe were pals of the first division. It was Nobe and Arch who stood side by side in denouncing a certain number of the conference for doing things “half-way.” How true it is when we say of Kizer, “Noble was his name, and noble he lived.” —I-I— The recapitulati,on of the Victory Bell’s history and life of the Oaken Bucket was deeply appreciated by the freshmen, especially because of the fashion in which George Ade humorously described the mascot. —I-I— Those Purdue yells sent chills down our backs, and I feel certain that such loquacious demonstrations at coming football games will produce a ’39 Iowa football machine here at Purdue. —I-I— We were standing close to Bob Kersey, who has the edge on the quarterback fight, and Bryant Brock, a great running and passing sophomore, when those yells raised the roof, and both lads agreed, “just imagine sudh spirit at football games!” Why a combination of Notre Dame and So. Gal. couldn’t even get a first down let alone a point with such backing. —I-I— Sleepy John Zuck, your yell leader, took me by surprise because since our freshman year, John has always impressed yours truly as trying rather spiritedly to wake up from some sort of sleeping malady. Boy, has he awoke; and with a roar, too. i -I-I- .. Let’s have that lung power for
May We Serve You During the School Year
To Pi^ue University Lafayette Transit Company
Fare 5 Cents \ Free Transfer
Mid - Western firidders Rank With Nation's Stars In this mid-western part of the country there is an athletic association called the Western Conference, or more cominonly the Big Ten. The universities which compbse the “Ten” are, like the remainder of the nation as a whole, looking with anxious eyes toward the beginning of another football season which promises to be a really great extravaganza. Many football enthusiasts think
the finest gridders in the country cavort about Northwestern, Minnesota, Purdue and the numerous other renowned schools of this section. Furthermore, they believe the sternest competition is seen within these environs. Indeed, there is every reason to suppose that those observations are correct, for who can overlook such accepted stars as Michigan’s Tom Harmon or the diminutive Mike Bylene who wears the Old Gold and Black moleskins of Purdue. Little Mike is indispensable as a ball-carrier and a passer. Plus that, the unflinching courage, spirit, and fire of the watch-fob speedster make him an asset to any tbam in the land. Captain Dave Playing in front of Mi^silon Mike is a jack-rabbit and exceedingly versatile end in the person of Captain Dave Rankin. DaVey made many All-American teams last year, yet failed to make the official Intra-Squad Football Struggle Sponsored By Athletic Honorary Once again the Gimlet Club comes to the fore to render a worthwhile entertainment to the students as they sponsor an intra-squad football game which will be held on the emerald-hued field of Ross-Ade stadium, Saturday, September 21. Upperclassmen will be very familiar with this policy, for in former years it has been the practice of the Gimlets to stage a contest similar to this one in order to raise the necessary funds for broadcasting the football and basketball games by WBAA, student radio station. A ticket booth will be maintained in the Union building starting next Monday. The price of admission is set at 26 cents, and tickets may be procured either at the booth at at the gates before game time. In all probability the two squads will be gleaned from the varsity, for the freshman aspirants are not yet organized completely and consequently need more time to get down to serious business. The line-ups can not be released for some time, due to the varsity workouts still being in their embryo stages. However, there may possibly be a Gold team and a Black team facing each other, or some such 'parallel arrangement. No doubt, the fracas will be in the nature of a preview for the approaching campaign, for the Riveter moleskinners oppose Butler’s much improved Bulldogs just a week later on the same field.
eight pep sessions and three home football games this fall . . . we won’t be defeated with such backing. Let’s put the “Purdue-will-be-last” prognosticators in the strawvote league. —I-I— ’Til tomorrow it’s “30.”
Association l4ess star-studded combine. Harry Stiihldreher, of Notre Dame and Four-Horseman fame, has finally succeeded in getting his Badger team used to the system he installed a few years ago up ini Madison. As a result, his boys are really loaded to overflowing this ydar. In George Paskvan the Red and White have a fullback that is second only to Jarring John Kimbrough of the much heralded Texas Aggies. Hoosiers Improve Down at Bloomington the rough, tough Hoosiers of Indiana have an aerial circus that rivals the type of forward passing they contrive m the Southwestern Conference. However, the reserve strength is far from what it should be. If an unforseen accident removed Hurling Hal Hursh and wingman Archie Harris from the limelight, the forces of “punt, pass, and pray” Bo McMillin would be severely handicapped. The Buckeyes of Ohio State have a phenomenal backfield in Jim Langhurst, Jim Straussbaugh, and Don Scoft. Players of that calibre, not to mention Frank Clair and other huge linemen, make the Columbus boys the choice of many to capture the conference diadem. After the i^sappointing camJiaign in 1939 the Northwestern Wildcats look fop?ard to some sizeable achievenients from Paul Soper, Bill DeCorrevant, Red Hahnenstein, Don Clawson;‘and a bonecrushing guar4, Joe Lokanc. Bierman Boys Tough The Golden Gophers from up Blinnesota way boast a duet of fancy ball carriers in George Franck and Bruce Smith. The former is well remembered by local fandom, for he ran like a deer in the RiveterGopher tangle at Minneapolis last year. It is gaid that George can do the 100 yard dash in :9.7 seconds. A former Annapolis Mid-shipman is in the lineup for canny Bob ^uppke at Illinois. Beyond doubt, his 220 odd pounds will execute many an important block and tackle for the Suckers, while tailback Jimmy Smith is expected to supply the needed scoring punch. Iowa Weakened Nile Kinnick and Erwin Prasse are gone from Dr. Eddie Anderson’s squad of iron-men at Iowa City. The Hawkeyes cumot possibly have the amazing luck that aided them last season, but Bill Green and Ray Murphy in the backfield and Big Mike Enich on the forward wall give the squad a great deal of power. A1 Coupee, an exceUept field general and blocker, is a valuable asset. Once again the Rambling Irish of Notre Dame will bask in thb glorious glard'of the national spotlight. This is always the case^ no matter if victory or defeat is the f oriune of the men of Elmer Layden on each Saturday. Bobby Saggan» John O’Brien, Bob Hargrave, Steve Baragpis, and fullback Milt Piepul are the hearties to again thrust the South Bend lads to the fore.
Mitzi Cafe Starts the Year Off With a Comletely Remodeled Cafe. Prompt and Courteous Service With eaeh of our Meal Tickets you save as mudh as 50c . . . $5,50 worth of good whole* some food for $5.00.
MlTZI CAFE
Served Each Evening
\i.'1^
H ^ 1 < *' ^ M ^ V i
‘ 1
U Y
‘ 1
U Y
PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday> September 12, 1940
<U
%\
V
il
Commitfee Makes Riding Club Will Meel Several Changes In Union; 7:30 Tonight
In Football Rules At the collegiate rules committee meeting during this past summer, the members put their heads together and made four changes in the rules that will cover the play in this year’s football games. Of the four changes, two of them concern passing. Formerly a fifteen yard penalty was imposed on the oifensive team for having a pass strike an ineligible receiver standing behind the line of scrimmage, but this year’s rule results merely in the loss of the down. A trapped passer, who in trying to get rid of the ball, hits an ineligible receiver behind the line will now find his team penalized fifteen yards and the loss of the down. The fifteen yard penalty for roughing the passer will this year be enforced from the point of the previous down. Huddle May Be Junked The huddle ssrstem received a hard blow through the new rule that allows only twenty-five seconds to get the ball in play instead of the thirty seconds that has formerly been permitted. Teams using a huddle will have to speed up their shift or they will be forced to abandon the strategy circle that has so long characterized the game of football. The fourth rule change is a very trivial one. Points of the conic cleats, on players shoes, must now be three-eights of an inch instead of one-half inch and the point head must be parallel with the base. Besides the four changes, several
According to an announcement from Tom Graham, president, the Riding Club will hold its first meeting of the year tonight at 7:30 in room 364 of the Union. The club ex- . tends invitations to all interested in riding. A few of the activities of the club this year will be breakfast rides, steak fries, moonlight rides, a Turkey Run party, and horse shows such as the McCabe Round-Up and the Gregg Round-Up at the Gregg Farms in Indianapolis. One of the main undertakings of the club every year is the annual Gymkhana, a horse show and riding contest presented by University students. The club, a student Union activity, commands ample facilities at the Wm. E. Schulze stables for beginners as well as experienced riders, with Mr, Schulze in charge ' of riding instructions.
rules have been clarified by the rules committee. Officials are warned to be on their guard to determine if a free ball is intentionally kicked. In another clarification, it is made ^lear that on kicks behind the line of scrimmage, protection is given the kicker only when it is “reasonably obvious” that he is going to kick. This especially applies to quick kicks made close behind the line.
POPCORN It's Still 15c a Gallon And It's |us| as Good as Ever.
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
Band, Orchestra, and Sihging Groups Prove Presence of Art on CJnnpus
By Bill Heaton The art and love of music survive well, even m a technical school. Verification of this fact may be seen in the history of the University’s musical organizations. Whether you prefer to indulge yourself or just to listen, you have ample opportunity for both. Four singing organizations, a band and an orchestra form the mainstay of music propaganda on the campus. Church and fraternity groups supplement these. Men’s Glee Club Came First Oldest and best known of the singing organization is the Men’s Glee Club. Formed in 1894, its fame has grown by leaps and bounds. In a recent contest among men’s choral groups, the campus group won national recognition. Thirty-four male voices^ compose this compact unit. Its many offcampus appearances each year have carried the name of Purdue to famous conventions at distant points. Largest singing group is the University Choir, Too large for extensive travel, it is famous for its programs at religious convocations.
Fdr these occasions the choir is divided into a stage choir and an echo choir singing from the balcony. Most select of the choral groups is the Concert Choir. Its 26 mixed voices are selected from the Glee Club and the University Choir. A newcomer to the singing organizations is the Purdue Independent Association Chorus. Having made its debut last year, it should now be ready to achieve a portion of the fame belonging to its sister organizations. Going back to the “Gay Nineties,” we find by the Purdue History Book that our All-American Band was organized in 1896, just one year after the Men’s Glee Club, It, too, has gained fame rapidly under the leadership of Prof. “Spotts” Emrick, and has grown in personnel to a new high of approximately 166 men this year. With the remote aspect of a Fordham trip in view, the boys will be working harder than ever. Last, but far from least, is the University Orchestra. Organized but a few years ago, the orchestra
Cultured pearls have not injured the market for fine pearls because the type of oyster used is incapable of producing first class pearls.
Greetings and Best Wishes for a year of pleasure and achievement^ to The Students and Faculty of Purdue HOTEL FOWLER Blue Blazer Walnut Cafe
Student Alliance Will Hold Conscription Discussion The Purdue Student Alliance’s first meeting of the year will be at 7:30 tonight in the west faculty lounge of the Union, building. The subject which will be discus6e(i in an open forum will be “The Pros and Cons of the Conscription Bill.” Everyone interested is invited to attend the meeting.
now has Joseph Ragains to aid Albert P. Stewart in his conducting duties. Stewart as University Musical Director also is in charge of the Men’s Glee tllub, the University Choir and the Concert Choir. Incidentally, tryout information for those wanting to co^ipete for places in the Glee Club, the University and Concert Choirs, and the Unive;rsity Orchestra will be given at a mass meeting tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Hall of Music,
YWCA Opens AcHvHies WIfh Co-ed Tea Sunday Pall activities of the Young Women’s Christian Association will be opened with a tea for all co-eds to be held Sunday, September 16, from 3 to 5 o’clock in the west fadulty lounge Of the Union. Preceding the tea a short prograrh and vesper service has been planned and introduction of officers will be made. Activities of the organization and plans for the coming school year will be discussed. At this time the organization’s membership drive will be started and dues of $1 may be paid. Special guests at the tea will be YWCA advisory board members. The tea is an annual event spon^sored by the organization and is this year in charge of Bonnie Swope. It is urged that all counselors accompany their counselees to the tea and that everyone be prompt.
GREETINGS . . . Glad to See the Old Students Back and To Welcome New Students Since we have served Purdue Students beginning in ISSd', we have ample experience to enable us to give you what you want with the best of service.
tt
If)-
Jewelers
419 Main St.
Since 1884
Welcome, Students Old and NEW llgED aHD HEW BOOKg Complete Line of ALL College Text Books USED AT PURDUE
I. E. S. LAMPS Freshman Pots 35c and 65c Dietzgen Drawing Instruments K and E Slide Rules
• Laundry Cases • Purdue Jewelry • Souvenirs
14
i
Free Desk Blotters—Schedule Cards-Book Covers UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
M. C. "Red” Sammons, '29
Across from the Union — Next to The College Inn Cafeteria
«. W. "Dm"' Epple, 'tO