Traffic Officials Meet, Discuss State Law Enforcement Traffic specialists of various ^ Mnds, including judges, police officials, sheriffs, prosecutors, and coroners, met yesterday in the faculty y lounge of the Union to take a short resume of progress made in the safety field during the past year. ^ Principal speakers included Superintendent Don Stiver and Captain Walter Eckert of the state poV lice staff, Harry Reinecke, head of Indiana FBI, Captain Ray Ashworth of the state police staff, and City Judge Emmet^ Ferguson. The officials discussed various methods of the Indiana law enforcement bodies, accident elemination, and ^ traffic control. This seminar, the third of a series of eight, one of which is given f in each of the state police posts over the state, worked on ways to acy quaint the local police authorities over the state with the various methods used in accident investigation and traffic control. These State authorities are sponsoring a movement to offer direct training to local authorities.
t
Zoologist M.D.Pirnie ^ Will Discuss Birds At • Illustrated Lecture Director of the Kellogg Bird Sancf 4 tuary and professor of zoology at Michigan State College, Dr. Miles D. Pimie will give an illustrated lecture on the “W. K. Kellogg Bird ^ Sanctuary” at 7:30 Tuesday, February 7, in the auditorium of the Horticulture Building. ^ Pirnie has conducted research on water fowl problems in the lake states and Canada for the past 10 years. He now supervises a water fowl research project in Manitoba, sponsored by the American Wildlife Institute. Dr. Pirnie is well known for his ability to popularize scientific information providing both entertainment and knowledge for the layman and practicing conservationist. His colored motion pictures of birds and animals are outstanding in wild life photography. Alumni To Gatfier At Indianapolis A.C. University alumni from Indianapolis and neighboring towns will gather at the Indianapolis Athletic Club the evening of February 11 for a dance and concert program. The party, which is sponsored by the Purdue Association of Indianapolis and the Purdue Women’s Club, the two University alumni organizations active in Indianapolis, will be given for the benefit of the student loan fund. The Men’s Glee Club, directed by Albert P. Stewart, will present several selections, while Louis Lowe, a University graduate, and his I. A. C. orchestra will provide the
music.
Alumni, members of the faculty, and present students of the University are invited to attend by the two alumni groups. Formal dress is optional. Cadet Col. Zimmer To Speak A! Conference |j Y Robert C. Zimmer, cadet colonel of the first PFA, and captain of Scabbard and Blade, left Tuesday noon to speak before the 14th Women’s Conference on National Defense now being held in Washington, D. C. Zimmer was sent as the ROTC representative, having been chosen for this honor by National Headquarters Scabbard and Blade, who are paying his expenses. Hon. Harry Woodring, Secretary of War, is speaking at the same meeting. The subject of Bob’S' talk is “The Training of the Reserve Officer.” While in Washington he is to be the guest of the Army and Navy Officers’ club. THE WEATHER
1
Purdue Exponent
Z-UB
THURSDAY
January 26# 1939
Lafayette, Indiana
VoLSO
No. 100
Flight Board Announces Road School Hcdrs
Additional Candidates
An additional" 36 men were selected yesterday by the selection board of the University branch of Civilian Flight Training Program to swell the total of men who will undergo the
University physical exam to 112.
These 36 men will take their physical examinations this evening. Word has been received from Washington, D. C., that all candidates will be required to pay for their Army physical examination which will be given later. The charge for this service will be $10. "
The purpose of selecting an additional number of men was to make sure that even if a large number were dropped by the physical examiners, there would be at least the stipulated 65 applicants left. If more than this number pass the examination, the number will be cut to the required quota by the
selection board.
7 p. m.
The following seniors, graduate students, and juniors are to report at 7 p. m.: B. M. Ashbaucher, G. M. Bayles, J. A. Chapin, J. A. Dale, B. Edwards, Jr., I. V. French, M. T. Gannon, R. M. Hill, J. E. Newman, F. Olson, J. H. Teamey, H. J. Raehsel, and J. Henderson.
8 p. m.
The following juniors are asked to report at 8 p. m.: D. C. Law, R. C. McNeil, W. H. Murray, W. Q. Punnell, H. W. Soderstrom, R. P. Witt, L. F. Wong, E. J. Aber, A. Botsford, E. W. Errickson, H. S. Fall, B. H. Gedge, K. A. Harker, R. E. Irvine, and M. A. Kline,
9 p. m.
The following juniors are scheduled to report at 9 p. m.: R. R. Kohr, T. D. Lantz, T. O. Marshall, F. E. Powell, H. I. Taylor, and G.
S. Welch.
W. C. Sweeney, freshman, and G. E. Slone, special student, are to report at 9 p. m.
Safety Talk Tonight
Nearly 1,000 highway engineers, construction engineers,
and highway and street officials have registered for the Silver Anniversary University Road School, which closes tomorrow. At 6:30 this evening the group will hear “Promoting Safety On Our Highways” by Paul G. Hoffman, president of the Studebaker Corporation and of the Automotive Safety Founda-
tion of South Bend.
Field Fit For Ice Skatiitff ■ The time has come! At last you can drag out that pair of skates and skim the surface of Stuart
Field.
There were several skaters using
the field late yesterday evening. At first the ice was too rough, but after a steel rail was pulled over the field several times the ice became
smooth enough for skating. According to Prof. Clevett, the
field will be suitable for skating tomorrow—if the weather doesn’t be-
come too warm.
News Flash NEW YORK—Joe Louis, heavyweight champion of the world, tonight successfully defended his title in a short bout, which took just 25 seconds longer than he took to down Max Schmeling. John Henry Lewis never had a chance after the first exchange of blows, and he was down twice before referee Donovan stopped the massacre. Louis was awarded the fight on a technical knockout after two minutes and 29 seconds of the first round.
Nelle R. Morris... . . . assistant in textile chemistry in the school of home economics at Ohio State University since her graduation there in 1937, was recently appointed a member of the school of home economics staff at Purdue. Miss Morris has a University Research Foundation Fellowship in textile chemistry and is beginning in that field under the direction of Dr. Marion Griffith.
Perrine To Lecture At Special Convocation At 7:30 Wednesday In Women's Gymnasium “Waves, Words, and Wires” will be the subject of the special convocation lecture by Dr. J. C. Perrine Wednesday evening, February 1, at 7:30 in the Memorial Gymnasium. The convocation will be accompanied by special long line hook-ups from Lafayette to New York City, and to Dallas, Tex.
Dr. J. C. Perrine is the lecturing
scientist from the American Telephone and Telegraph Company, who holds degrees from Iowa, Michigan, and Cornell Universities. ^He will give demonstrations with sound, speech and music and show to the audience many of the acoustical results relating to the union of sound with electricity. •
In order to have long line hook-
ups, arrangements have been made with the A. T. & T. and the Indiana Bell Telephone Company with the cooperation of the local telephone company. The long line circuits will carry speech and music to be broadcast over high quality
loud speakers in the gym.
Wesley To Sponsor Mid-Semester Party Students who remain in the city between semesters and members of the winter agricultural course will be guests at an open Folk Games party tomorrow evening. The affair will begin at 7:30 p. m. in the Wesley Foundation house at 435
State Street.
The party is open to any students who wish to attend. Lois McGaughey will direct the folk games and Marjorie Hoover is to be in gen-
eral charge.
Members of the University Glee Club under the direction of A. P. Stewart will provide entertainment during the banquet at which Dean A. A. Potter will serve as toastmaster. Special guests who will speak on the twenty-fifth anniversary will be George E. Martin, chairman of the Road Schol in 1916-1917 and 1920; R. C. Yeoman, Road School chairman in 1918-1919; and C. C. Albright, Road School chairman in 1921-1924. Exhibit in Armory Armory is this week the scene of 114 exhibitions of road materials, and other related products. This morning will be divided into separate sessions for maintenance, construction, city engineers and city street commissioners, also county road supervisors, and county surveyors and engineers. At the general session in the afternoon remedies for traffic congestion, Indiana roads, and the handling of earthwork efficiently will be discussed. At a session last Tuesday, Merton R. Keefe, chief engineer of the state highway commission said that the four lane divided highway is the safest yet designed for use in this state according to a survey made recently. Virginia Sidwell... . . . daughter of Professor and Mrs. Paul Sidwell, leaves today for Union City, where she will assume her duties as English instructor in the junior high school there. Virginia, who was graduated last June from the school of science, majored in English and languages. She is a member of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority, and was active in debating and Playshop on the campus.
Exam Schedule Today, Tomorrow
The following abbreviations are used for departments and buildings; AD—Applied Design Ag—Agriculture Agr—Agronomy AgCh—^Agricultural Chemistry AE—Agricultural Engineering AH—Animal Husbandry AM—Applied Mechanics B—Biology ChE—Chemical Engineering Chem—Chemistry ChemAn—Chemistry Laboratory Annex CE—Civil Engineering C&T—Clothing and Textiles DH—Dairy Husbandy EA—Engineering Administration Econ—Economics Ed-^Education EE—Electrical Engineering Engl—English Ent—Entomology FHG—Field House Gymnasium FMgt—Farm Management F&N—^Foods and Nutrition For—Forestry 6E—General Engineering Geol—Geology G—Michael Golden Shops Gov—Government Heav—^HeavUon Hall Hist—History HA—Home Administration HE!—Home Economics Hort—Horticulture ( IM—Institution Management Math—Mathematics MM—Materia Medica ME—Mechanical Engineering Met—Metallurgical Engineering MT—Military Training ML—Modern Languages PhC—Pharmaceutical Chemistry Phar—Pharmacy PE—Physical Education for Men PEW—Physical Education for Women Phys—Physics Poul—Poultry Psy—Psychology Pur—Purdue Hall Rec—Recitation Building Sm—Smith Hall SC—Stanley Coulter Hall Soc-^S6ClOl(JKr Spch—Speech Univ—University Hall No. 2—Building No. 2 The examination will be taken only at the time indicated in the "schedule except in case of conflicts for irregular students. Any such conflicts must be adjusted by consultation with the instructor in charge before the opening of examinations.
Examination periods for graduate courses should be arranged with instructor if they are not scheduled. *Examinations will be held in the same rooms 4n which the divisions regularly recite. Period 14 THURSDAY, JAN 26, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Room AD 67 All * AH 7 All Ag 103, 104, 206 AM 101 All * AM 105 All * B 30 All SC 14 ChE 30 All ♦ ChE 232 A.11 * Chem 1 ....Y,Z,AA-AF-XAE Ed 101 Chem 106 All Chem 106. 320 Chem 136.. All * Chem 181..A.11 ♦ CB 71 All CE 308 C&T 13 All HE 108,109 Econ 11 H,I Phys 202 Econ 126.... A Phar 311 Econ 126. ..XA Ed 201 Econ 126.... B Ed 208 Ed 3a B .Ed 13 Ed 36 All * EE 4 All EE 264 EE 160 All * EE 161. . All * EE 174 B EE 360 Engl 1 N,0 G 101 Engl 1 P,Q CE 101 Engl 1 Y,Z,AA ME 108 Engl 1 AB * Engl l.;.::...Ae-AE ;..r.::...ME 207 Engl 31 E • Engl 32 K * Engl 32 N * Engl 46 All • Engl 110....A11 * Engl 116....A11 * Engl 121a.. C * F&N 22 All HE 202, 213, 216 For 6 All Hort 202 GE 104 C * Hist 1 .C Rec 313 Hist 16 All * Hist 116 All * Hort 24 All *
IM 141 All * MM 214 All * Math 2 F * Math 3 H,I * Math 4 .D,E,F * Math 9 .E,F * Math 106,...A11 * Math 161....A11 • ME 11 All * ME 30 1,J,K ME 301-309 ME 91 All * ME 93 All * ME 96 B * ME 120 All * PE 41 All * Psy 1 A SC 211 Psy 1 B.C EE 129 Psy 1 D Ed 6 Psy 1 E Sm 112 Spch 14 ,W,X * Spch 116....B,C,XC * Period 15 THURSDAY, JAN. 26, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room AgCh 112...A11 * Agr 22 All Ag 103, 206, 209 B 18 D SC 211 Chem la All Ed 101 DH 16 All * Econ 1 H,I,N EE 129 Econ 1 Q SC 14 Engl A A,B G 101 Engl A C,E Chem 106 Engl A D EE 264 Engl A. F Univ 309 Engl 10 A, * Engl 19 A .'. * Engl 27 A G 101 Engl 3l7......A.:..;...:...:....;...“..:..EE 254 Ent 1 All Ag 118 FMgt 2 A,C AE 202 FMgt 2 JB Hort 202 F&N 131 All * Math 2 J,K • Math 3 H-Y * Math 4 H,I * Math 12 F,G,I * ME 30 N.O ME 301, 306 ME 33 All ME 213,214 ME 62 All i. * me 74 All ME 106,108 ME 143 B • ME 201 All *
ME 221....
... All
ME 3
Met 1
...A,B
Ed 201
Met 109....
...All
...Heav 108, 109
Phys 34...
...A,B
Phys 202
Phys 34...
...C,F
♦
Phys 34...
...D,E,G...
CE 308
Spch 14...
...A,B ....
♦
Period 16
FRIDAY, JAN. 27, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Room AD 104 All * B 60 All SC 211 B 144 All * Cheml AG-AN Ed 101 Chem 113....A11 ♦ Che mll5....All * Chem 143..,A11 * Chem 277...AJ1 * Chem 286...AI1 * CE 190 All CE 304 CE 290 All CE 304 Econ 1 J.i SC 14 Econ 1 K.L. * Econ 1 .O. GlOl Econ 1 P ME 3 EE 124 All * Engl A G-M,XG,XH * Ent 101 All * GE 8 All ;; i GE 128 JB * GE 141 All ■ * Hort 19 All * Hort 34 All Hort 202 ME 70 All ME 114 ME 111 All * ME 243 All * PhC 223 All • Phar 33 All Phar 311 PE 191-..i.....All....:...v.:...-..;.;:;....::..... * Phys lb All Phys 202 Phys 2&22..A11 EE 129 Spch 23 All ♦ Spch 170.... All * EXAMINATIONS TO BE ARRANGED WITH DEPARTMENTS B 21 All GE 17 All Chem 117 E PEW 61,63,66,99 Also all graduate couises numbered above 200 and not scheduled above
Book Mart To Open On Wednesday Wednesday, February 1, will see the opening of the third Student Book Exchange. Open between 10 a. m. and 8 p. m., the exchange will operate for one week. An opportunity to engage in activities is offered to all juniors who would like to work on the exchange. In return for their efforts they will be in line for selection for the board of control next year. Third year men will help the records manager and do some clerical work. During the week the exchange is open they will be required to work 6-8 hours. Any student, having a 3.6 index, who is interested should see Sully Mason, how in charge of the exchange. At present only eds have volunteered, although the positions are also oi)en to co-eds. Students may set their own prices upon the books they wish to sell, no commissions being charged for the transactions. Passports must be presented when registering books. E.J.Sellins,ME'39, Dies During Exam Edward J. Sellins, ME ’39, passed away Tuesday afternoon during a final examination in applied mechanics being held in Purdue Hall. Coroner Lowell C. Smith said that death was caused by acute dilation of the stomach. Sellins had proceeded with the test for about an hour when it was noticed he had apparently fallen asleep. A doctor was called, and found Sellins dying. He was expected to have received his bachelor degree in mechanical engineering in June, having specialized in heating and ventilating. His mother, and five sisters survive. The body was taken to his home in Maplewood, N. J., yesterday. Professor G. A. Young, head of mechanical engineering school, accompanied the body east. Dr. Harding, Prof. Roys To Speak In New York Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the electrical engineering school, and Prof. C. S. Roys, also of the EE school, are attending the winter conference of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers being held in New York City this week. After the conference ends. Dr. Harding will confer with the Federal Communications Commission at Washington, D. C., before he returns to the campus. Three Students Win Places In 4-H Group Marybelle Halstead, HEc. ’42, Robert Arvidson, Ag. '42, and Gertrude Monhaut, HEc. ’41, have been chosen as part of the group to represent Indiana in the annual National 4-H club camps to be held in Washington, D. C., June 14-21. The remaining candidates, announced by Dr. Z. M. Smith, state 4-H club leader, are: Mary Frances Ferguson, Terre Haute; Everett Mishler, New Paris; and Glendon Sendmeyer, Poland. Dr. Scarseth, Beeson Speak At New Jersey Ag Meeting Dr. G. D. Scarseth and Keller Beeson of the University agronomy department will speak today at the New Jersey State Agricultural Conference at Trenton, N. J. Mr. Beeson ■wUl speak on “Problem of Maintaining a High Level of Fertility on Acid Soils.” Dr. Searseth's theme is “Experiences With Soybean Growing in Indiana.” Coe To Lead Band At Mixer Saturday With Chuck Coe, campus band leader, and his orchestra furnishing the music, the last mixer of the semester will be held Saturday ev<^ ning from nine until midnight. Admission to the mixer, which will he in the Union ballroom, is one dollar.^dikfdaL
^ ^W^sf' ‘■f^Y“-V %^} ^ 'i#!|^Mf;i?iit*^ 4!p^‘;>^>{ njfx A*’‘f
ns P^UE EXPONENT
J'ScduhsA.
Thursday, ianuary 26,1936
Since Publication... ... of the Thanksgiving holiday proposals which students Will vote upon at registration next Tuesday and Wednesday, several comments have been turned in offering new ideas on the subject. A senior public service engineer offered the suggestion that a modification of one of the proposals be made. His idea was to condense the final examination period only one day, and take the other half days missed away from the period of instruction in the first semester. His reason for taking away this half-day was that it would affect comparatively few students since it would only be a Saturday morning. ' Another suggestion came from a University official who mentioned the necessity of dismissing classes at 11 a. m. Wednesday so that students living in the East might make train connections and be home for Thanksgiving dinner. Both of these suggestions bring up new points for consideration. It seems possible and even probable that students and faculty •members all have individual ideas and plans for a desirable Thanksgiving vacation. The Calendar Committee could not foresee all of these ideas—^nor could it put them on the ballot as alternate proposals. However, the true feeling of the student body is what the Committee wants. We suggest that students write any ideas they have on the subject on the back of the ballot which will be given to them at registration. When they vote nbxt Tuesday and Wednesday on these holiday proposals students will, in reality, be making direct suggestions to the University administration. They will be telling faculty members just what they, as students, want in regard to the Thanksgiving vacation. We hope they consider filling out the ballots as a serious duty, because each vote will certainly be taken seriously by the Committee. ■=•
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Ooneress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of ipoetage provided'for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1982. Published 'daily except Monday dnrtns the reKular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief ... Business Manager....
H. I. Stanback .........R, R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF Manasrinr Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor_. .....— —....—...—A. Bail^
Associate Editor8....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin', D. G.'Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Badness Manager.— JW. C. Beeves Local Advertising Manager. E. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager— W. F. Berg Sales Manager. V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager. — H, W. Nevin Accounts Manager ..... — I—W. E, Smith Art Director —D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF i Sally BIcKee Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
Editor Associate Blditors.—
SPORTS STAFF
Editor. Associate Editors
.Jt. L. McDonald
J. A. Hebbeler,
R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for flxpohent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
RKPMKSBNTBO FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISfNO BT National Advertising Service, Inc. College 'Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicaso ■ Bo«Ton ■ Lot AsaiLit - Sah rRANcisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. Afi opinions in it, unless otherwiBe accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief,
Night Editor—Kroeplin Issue Editor—Massey Thursday, January 26, 1939
YOUR PROBLEMS SOLVED! We Prepare Scholarly Book Reviews, Debates, Essays, Papers, Speeches, Graduation Theses. Any subject promptly. 50c per typed page. Also Translations (all languages) reasonably. EXPERT RESEARCH CO. Box 36 Jackson, Ga.
^J4im and
By Georgann Schilling
TODAY-FRIDAY SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
UTTIE ORPHAN ANNIE is on w j in the FlUESlH!.
-PLUSTWO Gun THRILLS! GENE AUTRY — in — "The Man fronni Music Mountain"
With the coming of cold winds and much real-for-sure snow, several co-eds have made their appearance on the campus dressed in ski pants and snow suits. These costumes create a very “resort-like” appearance; and if the girl is the type for such garb, we definitely approve of her adopting these outfits. But remember, it depends on the girl! —H-H— There must be something wrong with an educational system which allows things like final exams to go on and on . . . these things only result in freshmen getting hysterical, sophomores getting drunk, juniors getting pixilated, and seniors getting childish. But still they go on and on! I wish I could find the person who donated that bed for those “Two Sleepy People.” There are a lot of people around who need some rest now. —H-H— Chuck Coe and his Furduvians will furnish rhythm for the mixer Saturday night. This is the only so-
/ RINGLESS ’ HOSIERY
All Clear and Sheer Chiffons I REG. 69c VALUES
382 MAIN STREET
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
3 shade testeis comewilh diis new lipstick
Make pur final choice of lipstick shade... at home with 'DDVETYN^ Pomade 1 ' . • Take all the guesswork out of lipstick buying— .Lucien Lelong provides 3 shade 'testers’ with his new lipstick. Try the testers at home—be sure of the most flattering shade before breaking the lipstick seal. • 'Duvetyn’ Pomade is sealed for your protectiontouches no lips but yours. Six glowing, vital shades— includingsensationalNicole Pink. See it today.
DECKER’S 518 Main St. Phone 6477
This is about the time for the Last Round-up. It’s all over now except the shouting, and we hear a lot of that has already been done. Here’s A little pome dedicated to all the campus love affairs which will terminate this semester for one reason or another. my love, him have gone away, my lover, him have gone to stay him cannot come back to I me cannot go back to he don’t it be awful?? —just echoes of exams.
MIKE-BYLENE is in the hospital suffering from having his tonsils removed. And is JEAN HALMOND ever unhappy to see MICHAEL suffer so, especially after all those wonderful night labs in cat anatomy. JEAN really did all right in making the approaches to MIKE. Did you ever hear of restraintj ■jean?
These trying times have left our wits as pathetic as a bow-legged girl caught on a windy street corner wearing a dirndl dress.
cial event scheduled for this weekend—^what with everyone recuper-. ating frohi shock, exposure and other complications. But with the opening of the new semester, the Midwinter social whirl will be in full swing. Maybe some of these unsightly bits of superflous hair resting on various chins of cave men around here will disappear then. Anything is better than shaving, or so the eds seem to think. —H-H— moreover— The man sprang from the building tal]4He lived through the spring, but he died in the fall!
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT.
WNIOatAM MCfWttft FftlSlNTB
kiAid
TODAY Thru SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
m
THE TRAILER-flADE ROMANCE OF A SLAP-HAPPY HEIRESS AND A HANDSOME PICK-AND-SHOVEL MAN I
LMCILLE BALL JAMES ELLISON
IF HE1 a. NHio
LANCER
DOLORES DEL RIO GEORGE SANDERS PETER LORRE
MIDNITE SHOW SATURDAY 11:30 BORIS KARLOFF — in MR. WONG, DETECTIVE
“Everybody got their bets do-vvn? The jury’s ready to come out!”
ICE CREAM
DAD’S PLACE
Pints 15c Quarts 25c
So
Drumsticks - Cheerios - Brown Giants
Handy
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF S<|VABE FINE JEWEEBV AT MODERATE PRICES
FAITH BALDWIN’S Great Story Flashes to the Screen
s
kayIancis IAN HUNTER JOHNUTE DONALD CRISP
She Rose To
the Heights — and Broadway Cheered... Then Like a Gomet— She Disappeared!
2 DAYS ONLY ^ A TODAY - FRI. MARf
COMING SATURDAY — ON THE STAGE — FOLIES D^AMOUR A GALA CAST OF VARIETY ENTERTAINERS
Introducing HEDY LAMARR, georgeous,! exotic new beauty . . . as the tantalizingl "i daughter of luxury who finds love in thej underworld.
lAnmeiu sbib today
X 'X:
'&■' 4
I y
I f 4
t
Thursday^ Jonuary 26. 1939
*'■ ' ■■•'' i'- ^^1,,_'-. ;, ' '■ ,.' ' ' ' 't
■■ ‘ 'J
'Nuts To Finals - We Wanna Play^ By D. B. Leckie Despite rumors whispered about the campus that Purdue eds go* into hiding during exam time and emefge only to creep guiltily into classrooms to ‘"butcher” finals, an inspection trip through the Fieldhouse proved the facts tp be quite to the contrary yesterday afternoon. '
Instead of firiding the gym a vault of emptiness and the squash courts silent and lonely, the gym proved to be a mass of howling Riveter basketball addicts and the squash courts resounded with loud “thwacks” as the balls bounced off . the walls. “More Nuts To Finals” In the swimming pool the water was churned with eds drowning sor- ' rows in the aqua. Out on the Fieldhouse floor members of the varsity basketball and track teams were busy limbering up for the renewal of their contests after the exam period. When questioned closely, several sports enthusiasts admitted that they should be home thinking up a good excuse for receiving a “D” grade in math, but others claimed that “they were not worried about anything except how to keep that
guy in the red trunks from making too many baskets.” As for the faculty, Larry LaBree and Dutch Fehring were busy at squash and didn’t seem to care just whether students passed their finals or not. “Some More Nuts To Finals” In the locker room, no, talk of finals was heard. Eds admitted that mention of finals would cast a shadow over their whole afternoon, therefore, they put all thoughts of school from their minds, or what is left of them, while they play. As one freshman remarked “I may as well make use of the Gym now, because after I get my grades, I may not be in school anymore.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See HUNECK’S WALLPAPER - PAINT
826 Main Street
Phone 3841
THE PURDUE Faculty Members Begin Competition In Bowling League By Phil Johnson Bowling has become the major diversion of the members of the University Club with the recent initiation of a bowling tournament. • The club has been divided into two leagues, the Gold league a«id the Black league. Each league is composed of 10 teams, each representing a department of the University. The Black league bowls on Friday nights and the Gold league on Monday night. So far in the tournament there are four undefeated teams. In the Black league, the General Engineerings team is out in front with three wins and no defeats, although they are closely pursued by four teams with two victories and one
defeat.
Hanson, Liskey High The honor roll for the highest individual scores in the Blgck league is headed by Hanson and Liskey, who have high game scores of 201. Hanson also leads in high individual sets with a score of 516. The highest team game was made by the Chemical Engineers with 873 pins. The Chemistry team holds the record for the highest team set, with 2335 pins. The race for supremacy in the Gold league is more closely contested than in the Black league, with three teams, the Animal Husbandry, the Biology, and the Chemical Engineers squads leading the field with a clean slate of three wins and no defeats.
EXPC»«ENT
or
Gaia
Never were formal fashions more enchantingly lovely than they are this season. A most attractive collection of styles,—shades and materials,—at prices to please you.
Phone 5900
415 Main Street
Marksmen Fire On Armory Range For Natibnal Matches Firing several nights a week in the Purdue Armory, the Boilermaker pistol teams coached by Capt. E. V. Holmes are now competing in the National Rifle Association iii-ter-club gallery matches. Ten teams have been entered iii the tournament* and have already competed in several practice matches. The Purdue sharpshooters will be competing against some of the best civilian pistol clubs in the entire country. As all targets are turned in to the National Rifle Association’s headquarters, the standings of the Boilermakers will not be known until sometime after the matches have been finished. Last year, firing against the same type of competition, the Riveters finished well up near the top. And as Capt Holmes puts it, “This season’s team ought to be just as good as last year’s.” The National Rifle Association inter-club gallery matches themselves are divided into several different types of firing.
Purdue Squash Threesome Journeys To Minneapolis For Tournament Three members of the Purdue varsity squash team, Sbkolowski, Jackson, ahd Juve, journeyed to Minneapolis yesterday to take part in the annual Western Association of Squash Racquets invitational tournament. Purdue’s threesome was the only college representation invited. ■ mm _ imm m The toumey will be played in rnmXm JEpOCiGAtUta m m match play; that is there will be no individual matches, only team competition. Those teams losing will enter the consolation tournament, and the winning teams will vie for the championship. The Boilermaker team last season won the consolation tommey in the matches played at Detroit, The Purdue squash team’s next match will be March 4, at Louisville, Kentucky, when the Boilermakers will meet the Pendenis Club in the afternoon and the Fort Knox officers team at night at Fort Knox.
.. . . senior track captain, who was invited to participate in half-mile run at Millrose Games, New York City, February 4.
. -J
MS
Its just my little YELLOW Dress-X-//«0*
It doesn't matter what the color or what the material, we'll give you a superior cleaning job.
85^
And Up, Insurance Included
Our careful cleaning process protects. fabrics and insures extra wear. Our cleaning leaves no objectionable odor. Remember "West Side" when you want superior cleaning done. We Pick Up and Deliver
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
\rciier Hosiery
/oi'nJtM/
Name your stocking need and you describe an ARCHER style, for there is an ARCHER stocking for any and every possible occasion . . . each backed by an ^acting quality standard and designed to bring you the utmost in smart beauty. THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622-626 Main Street
Economy
Is Not Always Measured in Pennies! You can’t afford to wear a wrinkled soiled suit around the campus! Or a top^coat either. You don’t want to be rated that way. REGULAR and FREQUENT cleaning like the American does it will give you the Class you’ll like! American! West Side Office — 132 Vine Street
^ Cash For Second-hand H. G. "Deac" REISNER3kcaL (Ml,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
n^nfiroA
Thur/sday, Icmuary 26/1939
t-
Glamorous
ROOMS FOR RENT
46893 Tuesday or Wednesday afternoons.
FOR RENT: One single and one double room, 411 Maple strSet. Phone 86762. FOR RENT; Two single rooms near campus; Phone 2816.
WANTED: Roommate for Junior EB, one-half block from Union. 4288...
FOR RENT—Vacancy for male studentboard optional. 117~Chauncey. Phone 2722,
Applied Mechanics 1*' and 2; Condition examination will be given on Friday, January 27, at 1 p. m. —POORMAN.
FOR RENT; Three rooms and bath for group of students also one-half double lower front room, private lavatory, single beds, board optional. Phone 2809.
FOR RENT—Single room, new bed, with innerspring mattress. Rates reasonable. 103 East Oak St. Phone 6714.
WANTED—Co-eds to share large front
room, first floor, innerspring mattress, automatic water heater. 66078. 189 South Salisbury. .
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Brown Shaeffer mechanical pencil. Call Mock, 76721. Reward. LOST: A L. L. Decilrig Duplex slide rule somewhere on the campus Wednesday night. Reward. Call R. A. Verner 6021.
LOST—Black and white Scheaffer pen, lost Tuesday. ReWard. Call 8466. FOR SALE FOR SALE: Recent 6-tube American Bosch desk radio. $10. Phone 66078 tween 7:00 and 8:00 p. m.
FOR SALE: Pour violins, rare old Italian violins. 1216 Howell street.
Purdue Camera Club: Date for acceptance of prints for the traveling exhibit has been postponed for two weeks. Please do not take prints to Union office until later notice. (2-5) —HADBEN.
FOR RENT: Double room, single beds, a block from Union and Deac’s. Private entrance and bath for students. References present students. Phone 86162.
FOR RENT: Desirable double room neat fraternities. 430 Littleton. 6233.
Christian Fellowship Hour: There will be no meeting today, January 26. —BURBRINK.
FOR RENT---Room with sleeping porch. Opposite east entrance of Union. 128 North Grant.
Hedy Lamarr, the beautiful Austrian actress who became famous overnight through the picture “Ecstasy,” will be seen on the screen of the Lafayette theatre in her current opus, “Algiers.”
FOR RENT-—Modern furnished sleeping ' rooms with kitchenette, running hot water, steam heat, good . location for students. Phone 71201.
ROOM AND BOARD for two students at 108 Waldron. Phone 41862.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Eating out is More FunProviding of course, the place is clean and inviting. Plenty of clean linen is a necessity— WHY BUY—WE SUPPLY ON A RENTAL BASIS
the Purdue Exponent
Service
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" ■ Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENiACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
R.j.BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119y2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all wa do, but we do it wail. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D,D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A, RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building 4h and Main Phone 5701
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Fiowert Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Locksmith
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocka. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac--^ssorles and repairing. . MULHAUFT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
SUDDEN I,*,. SERVICE I^RINTING Office SUUonery. . Q 1 'Hladdlng InvKailoni "WONE ■ fclM Book.,Etc.... CASSEL’S 40$ FERRY
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
WANTED—E .flat tenor sax man. Calf \ JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis J. SPERB 822 Main
They Feel as Fine as They Look Crown Cleaned Clothes not only improve your personal appearance but give a marked degree of comfort. Formprest clothes are form fitting, an exclusive feature with Crown.
F I N E\ C L E A'N E R S O F F I N E C L O T H *E S OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
You Can Always Find an I. E. S. Lamp to Suit You at H. G. “Deac”
There’s a Bigr Assortment of 1. E. S. Lamps at DECKER’S
Make Your Home A Comfortable Place to Live with Better Light
A home can be only as comfortable, attractive and appealing as its lighting. For those *'good** evenings at home, when each member of the family enjoys contentment to the utmost, look to the lighting. Soft, clear, glareless illumination makes reading and studying easier, prevents eye-strain and dispels **after-dinner*’ drowsiness. Modern
Better Sight lamps are scientifically designed to give proper light. Put one at the favorite spot for each member of the family. Check the lamp bulbs in all your fixtures, too, so that all through the house you can be sure the light is right for com* fortable living. For advice and suggestions, ask your dealer or at our showroom.
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA
AH Colors and Sizes of 1. E. S. Lamps
i.r