\
!
w, iMf
til p n 1 “c 1. me Purdue iLxponent
\—
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
•
\ .
Lafayette. Indiana, September 16. 1937. ’ 1
NUMBERS
Stewart Discusses Music Program For 1937-38 Before 600
Tryouts Begin Today For Musical Groups
Approximately 600 students interested in music met in Eliza FowUer Hall at 7:30 last night to hear Albert P. Stewart, director of the University musical organizations, discuss the musical program for the coming year. Auditions have been scheduled for those interested in trying out for any of the three organizations: University Choir, University Orchestra, and Men’s Glee Club. Membership in Concert Choir is by invitation only. ' Those interested in trying out for the University Orchestra, which is to be composed of about 40 members, must see Robert Phillips, manager, from 1 to 5 o’clock tomorrow afternoon, or from 8 to 10 a. m., and from 12 o’clock on until all have finished on Saturday afternoon in the lehearsal room of Eliza Fowler HalH
Stewart will hear tryouts for vocal specialties and chbir and glee club organizations in his office in Eliza Fowler Hall from 8 to 12 o’clock and 1 to 4 o’clock on Thursday and Friday. Any who did not attend the meeting should see him at this time.
Announcements of those who will be received in musical organizations will be made in the Exponent next week, at which time rehearsals will start. The University Choir will mebt on Tuesdays from 4 to 5:30 p. m.; the Men’s Glee Club will meet from 4 to 6:30 p .m., on Wednesday; and the Concert Choir will meet at the same time oh'Thursday afternoon.
Members of the executive committee include John Phillips, manager Men’s Glee Club, Paul Worcester, manager Concert Choir, Van Coddington, . manager University Choir, Robert Phillips, manager of the University Orchestra, and Iva Swaynie, manager Girls’ Glee Clul^. Students desiring to do special work as soloists or accompanists for radio station WBAA were also present at the mass meeting as all radio music is booked through the music office. In addition to the business meeting, the Concert Choir sang “Dedication,” theme song of John Charles Thomas, “Adoramus Te” and “Bowl of Roses.” The mass meeting was closed with everyone singing “Hail Purdue.”
Skull And Crescent To Plan Freshman Mixer Tonight
Plans for the annual fi^shman mixer will be discussed to^ght at the first meeting of Skull and Crescent, sophomore men’s honorary. This dance ,held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building, is open only to freshmen and is a tag dance.
Freshmen and freshmen alone, will be admitted this year due to the University’s new identification system. The freshmen will be admitted upon presentation of their identification cards, which will also be used as pass-out checks during the dance..
Mary Anne Hurych To Be Bride of Arthur Simpson
Mary Ann Hurych, who graduated from the University last June, will become the bride of Arthur R. Simpson, class of ’35, September 18 at the Presbyterian church in Lafayette, according to an annquncement made by the bride-to-be’s ;^arents, Charles and Mrs. Hurych of Attica. Simpson received his master’s degree this year from the the University]'and is a member of Triangle fraternity. Miss Hurych is a member of Alpha Xi Delta sorority.
Di rector\
A. P. Stewart, leader of the University orchestra, choir, men’s glee club and concert choir.
Registration Figures Indicate Enrollment Of Over 6000 Students
Estimated total registration for first three days this week indicate a fall semester enrollment in excess of 6,000 students—^far above last year’s previous record of 5,507 entrants as recorded on October 1, 1936.
No official figures on tl^e 1937 enrollment were available for publication last night, but Exponent’s unauthorized count approximated 5,935. Of these, 2,042 registered on Monday, 2,108 on Tuesday, and 1,485 yesterday. >
President Edward C. Elliott said last night that the University will release an official registration report about Friday. Right now, he stated, the chief cohcern is assigning students to classes and no time IS available for making an accurate count of enrolled students.
Late registration of regular,'special, and graduate students will undoubtedly boost the total enrollment beyond the 6,000 mark. lin 1935, 4,437 students had entered the University by Thursday evening of registration week, while 178 additional persons brought the October 1 figure to 4,615.
Exponent’s approximate tally did not show entrance by classes for comparison with last fall’s 2,098 freshmen, 1,450 sophomores, 934 seniors, 77 special, and 265 graduate students.
Preceding last i^ear’s first semester, 1931 boasted the all-time record enrollment—4,655 students.
Hockema To Leave Sunday For Boston Conference
Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president of the University, will leave Sunday for Boston, Mass., to represent the University at a conference on “Distribution,” which will be held, there Monday and Tuesday.
Amdng the speakers on the program will be Cordell Hull, secretary of state in the national cabinet; President K. T. Compton of Massachusetts Institute of Technology; Edward A. Filene, Boston mferchant and national figure in public affairs; and others, includin^James Roosevelt, soil of the President and executive assistant to" his father.
Faculty, Staff Picnic Scheduled For October 2
Faculty and staff members will gather on October 2 at Rpss Camp for the annual all-Unive¥sity faculty and staff picnic. Prof. Frank C. Hockema, president of the University Club, announced yestbrday that a complete program of entertainment as tvell as a picnic supper had been planned. Prof. F. C. Gaylord, of the agricultural staff, is head of the committee that" is planning the entertainment program.
Purdue To Go On Mr Oct. 8 Over Pontiac Collegiate Program
75 NBC Stations To Carry Show To Entire Country Purdue goes oil the air from coast to coast on the night of October 8, when Pontiac’s Varsity Show comes to Lafayette to broadcast a program of Purdue musical talent direct from the University campus. On an NBC Blue Network hookup the program will reach 75 major stations throughout the country. University authorities have agreed to cooperate with the project. The band, concert choir, and glee club will bring the best possible talent in what will probabl^be the greatest number of people ever reached by the Umvei'sity at one time. The Pontiac Varsity Show, a series of weekly broadcasts from the leading colleges, has become one of the most popular radio programs, and their recognition of Purdue as belonging to the select group was heartily welcomed by both students and officials.
1000 Students Cast Ballots In Senate Election; Two Ties Occur
Pendergrass And Ristow, Lippman And Reiley Run Neck And Neck. Senat^To Conduct Another Election On Tie Contests In About Two Weeks
Exponent Leads In { Subscription Sales; Debris Sells 600
Leading the subscription seekers, the Exponent salesmen counted more than 666 season subscriptions at the close of registration last evening. Other leading unofficial money takers were the Debris, P. I. A. Playshop, Engineer, and W. A. A. From their booth at the south Armory door. Debris salesmen, swearing by their improved, colorful year book, sold more than 600 books, an all time record. They sold' slightly more than 300 laat year.
The program is to be largely musical, and will be in college tempo. University alumni are expected to welcome the broadcast from their alma mater .
The time of the broadcast is to be in the early evening, but the exact hour will be announced later.
P. S. Emrick and A1 Stewart are working on the program in cooperation with representatives of the show. /
Svnine Breeders To Meet Here Sept. 24
Between 1000 and 1500 farmers are expected to attend the annual Swine Day program to be held at the University September 2i4, beginning at 10 o’clock in the morning on the livestock experimental farm four miles north of West Lafayette. The visitors will examine the 250 hogs that have been fed for the last several months and inspect the different groups of hogs that have been used for testing purposes in the experiments just closing. There will also be available the results of experiments showing: the relative value of home-mixed protein supplements when compared to commercial proteins; the comparative value of hominy feed and corn; the effects of different amounts of fat in hominy feed; and tjie comparative ^alue of soybean oil meal and other supplement for sows and pigs. if' In the afternoon the group will (adjourn .to the livestock pavilion on the University farm to hear C. L. Farrington, Indianapolis, president of the National Livestock Exchange speak on, “The Kind Of Hog That Sells Well On The Market.”
Also on the program with Harrington is E. P. Welborn, a successful breeder and marketer of hogs, who "Mil speak on, “A Successful Hog Production Program.” In addition, Prof. C. M. Vestal, who is in charge of Swine Day, will talk on the results of feeding experiments.
EXPONENT WORK SCHEDULE
The Exponent work schedule for)the current week will be; Thursday—^night editor, Bailey; issue editor), Torrence; stooge, Hardin;' sophomores, Insley, Paarlberg, Houston, Terrio, Woodson. Friday — night editor, Stanback; issue editor, Tafel; stooge, Vance; sophomores, Olson, Frederick, Mueller, Farquhar, Kroeplin. Saturday — night editor, Vance; issue editor, Olson; stooge, Schroeder; sophomores, Frederick, Tafel, Estey, Mueller, Kroeplin.
P. I. A., waving their Purdue Independent at organized and unorganized alike, recorded a grand total of 250 yearly memberships. This is the first year that they have had a table at registration. ^ W. A. A., working on the outside, counted 100 memberships.
Corps^Day Formation Waived For Morning
According to an announcement made yesterday by Capt. B. F. Hayford, of the University military department, there will be no Corps Day formation this morning. Students who have a military drill scheduled for this hour will not need to attend.
Capt. Hayford also stated, for the benefit of those uninformed or misinformed, that all military students will be expected to appear in full uniform at their first drills and that freshmen will, as in the past. Be required to wear their uniforms to all military classes.
YWCA Plans Get-Together; To Entertain Co-eds at Tea InMomorial Union Building
All University co-eds will be entertained at tea this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge at the Memorial Union Building. The tea is planned as a get-together and a mdhns of introduction to the members and work of the Y. W. C. A., Patricia Heine, who is in charge of the informal affair, stated.
Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, and Dorothy Bryant, president of C. A., will pour. No formal program is planned, but Kathryn Merritt will provide piano music. The advisory board will also be guests.
CounselorS:^^ bringing their freshmen or transfer charges, will act as ushers and see that the girls become acquainted. Specially published pa,mphlets are to be distributed, outlining Y. W. C. A. requirements, activities, and plans for this year.
Senior Co-eds To Meet Plan DIsilndIve Garb
All senior co-eds will meet Friday, September 17, in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building to decide upon the insignia which will distinguish senior women from other co-eds on the campus. Senior men on the campus are recognized by the cords which they wear during their senior year, and it is the plan of senior co-eds to wear similar distinguishing garb. The meeting was called by Jeanne Perkins, who was chosfen general chairman by the senior girls at a meeting held last spring. Dr. Harriet O’Shea is the faculty adviseor of the group.
Official returns from the Student Senate elections held at registration were compiled last night by the Senate officials, showing a vote of approximately 1,000 ballots. Last year’s votes totaled 1,200. The presence of several unopposed candidates contributed to the decrease in interest.
Two ties enlivened the election. Fay Pendergrass and Lorene Ristow tied for representative of the senior home economics students, as R. L. Lippman and R. L. Reiley ran neck and neck for the sophomore civil engineering post. “We’ll probably hold another popular election in about two weeks for just the schools and classes concerned,” said Senate president Dan
President Rohyans says that an important campus issue has come before the Senate and that the organization will assemble for its first session of the semester at 4 o’clock Friday afternoon in the Memorial Union Building.
Rohyans last night. “The Senate IS going to have a lot to do this week, but we’ll get rid of these ties just as s6on as possible.” Successful sophomore candidates will hold office for one year. Juniors will carry over for two years, and seniors will hold office until graduation. Following are the names of the winning candidates: Agriculture-^Senior, R. B. Davis; Junior, C. G .Elliott; Sophomore, G. E. Sears. Chemical Engineering — Senior, J. L. Taylor; Junior, J. H. Jacbbi; Sophomore, H. F. Fishburn. Civil Engineering—Senior, L. A. Rieth, unopposed; Junior, F. C. Ahrens; Sophomore, R. L. Lippman and R. L. Reiley, tied. Electrical Engineering — Senior, M. D. Barrows; Junior, J. E. Kessel; Sophomore, R. E. Insley. Mechanical Engineering—Senior, R. C. Fatout; Junior, P. W. Eckstein; Sophomore, P. T. Cooper. Pharmacy—(two for the school) C. F. Hoffman, R. H. Jacks. Engineering Law—(two for the school) J. R. Keck, R. Schumacher. Science—Senior, H. J. Rayle, unopposed; Juniorj W. Feldman; and Sophomore, Ruth B. Hall, f Home Economics — Senior, Fay Pendergrass and Lorene Ristow, tied; Junior, Mary K. Townsend; Sophomore, Frances Raebig.
Offer New Industrial Photography Course
Industrial photography will be offered for the first time this fall as a three hour course to a limited number of students in the school of chemical engineering in cooperation with the school of science. According to J. L. Bray, head of the school of chemical engineering, the course will be under the direction of Dr. E. J. Kohl of the department of biology, who has been instrumental not only in building up the Camera Club but )ias also become well known because of his photographic ability. He will be assisted in the course by D. J. Mack of the chemical engin^ring staff. The course will cover a study of lenses, photometry, exposing, developing, printing, fixing and toning in the laboratory and the more common operations In making a negative and finishing a picture. Dark rooms in the top of Heavilon Hall
will be used, butjiec&use of limited
capacity not more than 20 students can enroll in the course during the first semester.
Debris Calls For Soph Workers
Sophomores who desire to assist m publishing the 1938 Debris are asked by “Cfiuch^ Ehinger, editor, to report to the Debris office in the Memorial Union Building tomorrow at 4 p. m. Those interested should bring a ruler, pencil, and compass. A large staff of salesmen and editorial assistants is being drafted for work on the coming annual. The new book, the largest ever put out, will have as its theme the rise of Purdue to its present status as a world institution. Hues of copper, bronze and maroon will predominate in the color scheme. The beauty section will be enlarged, and in full color. There will be more pictures and more copy than ever before. Fourteen pages of “candid camera” shots and ordinary campus pictures, will be presented in this year’s edition.
Charlie Cartwright Will Play At Third Mixer Friday Night
Charlie Cartwright and his Indiana University band will be the music maestro for the third mixer of the school year on Friday night. He has filled a number of engagement^ at both Indiana and DePauw universities.
Dick Cisne and his well known band from the University of Illinois wiU furnish the music for the Saturday night mixer. A feature of Cisne’s band is his electric guitar. This band appeared frequently on the campus last year, has had several engagements this summer at Ideal Beach, and has also had a regular program on the radio. The usual $1 admission will be charged for the two mixers, which will last from 9 to 12.
Dr. J. E. Walters, Personnel Diredor, Writes New Book On Business Management
Dr. J, E. Walters, head of the University’s personnel department, is now four times an author, with the recent publication by John Wiley and Sons of his latest manuscript Modern Management.” Dedicated to Dean Dexter S. Kimball of Cornell University, this book contains information regarding modern business management gleaned by Dr. Walters from a personal investigation of 42 companies during a year’s leave of absence from the University. During this same year. Dr. Walters also obtained his doctor’s degree from Cornell. The volume covers ,extensively and intensively, business metho<te as they are today, but is not a critical analysis of these methods. It presents the application of the scientific method to the six M’s of industry: Men, Money, Machines, Material, Manufacturing, and Marketing, and gives applied procedmrea on such subjects as the making of modern management ,the historical background of industry and governmental regulation, timfe and motion economy, and the measurement of the results of management. Prior to the publishing of “Modern Management,” Dr. Walters had written three other books; “Studenh Development,” “Applied PersonnM Administration,” and “Individoaliaing Education,”J l^
, > > f«iSi>' &!!!■
MWrsaw ^^ssn'«i»W«^’^'‘SW#?A'M«p«3TO»cKr«a'.
il?'..' 1
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, September 16,1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded In 1889
rn tn o ^seeiated eeUt^tate ^rret - w **"•***'%£ —^
RKPRStKtiTKD FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINO RY National Advertising Service, Inc. ColUfe Pabltskers Representative 420 Madison Ave. Nbw York, N.Y. CHICAao - BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO Los ANOKLKS • PORTLAND • SEATTLB
Editorial Phone 5037
Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 5038
Mail Subscriptions $3.50 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Editorial Staff
MANAGING EDITOR
....J. E. Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback. D. R. Vance SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS . _ R. H. Dyer, M. S. Estey, L. C. Farquhar, G. W. Fredericks, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, G. Mueller, D. h. Olson, D. Paarlberg, J. W. Richey, G. T. Tafel, D. G. Terrio,
J. C. Woodson.
Co-ed Staff
CO-ED EDITOR , Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee.
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS Mary Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Kathryn Thrasher,"' Betty Wickard, Joan
Wimborough.
BUSINESS MANAGER . . . . D. C. Miller Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MGR J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MGR R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS E. A. Antonini, W. A. Beman, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher. Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER M. C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS _ W. F. Berg, R. L. Lippman, O. E. Lorenz, W. E. Smith. Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer. SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS G. W. Breuer, C. W. Brown, J. Collins, W. H. Murray, W. F. Qualls.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
3.
EXPONENT PLATFORM Improvement of student housing conditions. Promotion of student h^onesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
Record Enrollments Produce Undesirable Housing Conditions Purdue’s two-year increase in enrollment of some 1,500 students since 1935 has built up the problem of housing to complex proortions. Many of last fall’s students were forced to live in houses unsuitably furnished inadequately lighted, and poorly heated, t\ pay higher prices demanded for better living quarters, or to take up residence at some distance from the campus. Opening of two houses under University management for co-eds last September and the building of new chapter houses for two local sororities during the summer of 1936 provided lodging for the women, while fraternities pledged to the limit to acommodate some of the extra men. Landladies opened new rooming houses and crowded more students into available space on the West Side. Those who could not find rooms close to the campus and those who could not pay the rent asked there were driven across the river for shelter. Rental increases of last Fall did not generally exceed other average added costs of living, but this year tells a different tale. Many landladies anticipated a large enrollment for this semester and set premium prices on desirable quarters. After all the expense of attending the University is fairly low in comparison with other institutions, so why not take advantage of this fact and of
relatively low competition in housing near the campus ? Taking the standard for cleanliness slightly lower than that which a student would expect in his own home, we find that most of the student rooming houses are kept fairly clean. The construction and age of certain buildings, however, makes the task of keeping them clean very difficult and in some cases ajmost impossible. Other quarters do not provide adequate bath and toilet facilities. Ten to fifteen students sometimes have available only one bath unit, consisting of one lavatory, one tub and one stool. Poor lighting, heating, and ventilation go to make other rooms unwholesome for livig, much less capable of furnishing comfort that a University student should receive. Adequate means of escape in case of fire or other emergency are not found in a large number of houses — some of them, houses which hold fire hazards in the form of faulty electrical fixtures and of inflammable building materials. Construction of North Hall, new unit of Women’s Residence Hall, this summer and the University’s dormitory plan which resulted in taking over of the old Theta Chi fraternity house as a Cary Hall annex and Ians for building two men’s residence halls this fall have and will relieve the housing situation. In fact, the construction of dormitories by the University seems the best possible method of solving the problem. Whether the University can build enough men’s and women’s living houses in the next few years to relieve the present situation and to take care of any-future enrollment increases is questionable. In the meantime what is to be done to insure wholesome livig quarters for Purdue students at reasonable cost, and reasonably close to the campus?
Here’s the best registration tale we’ve heard yet. A bewildered co-ed was having difficulties with her schedule. She couldn’t get her program to come out right. Finally she decided to postpone a course. Approach^pg a home ec. deputy, she asked, “Will you please remove my clothing?” Startled, the deputy could only reply, “Well, I’m ’er too' busy,” and sent her over to another professor. Mary has a little man With liver white as snow And everything that Mary says Is pretty sure to go. An ed. at the University of Minnesota found his name to be a great source of confusion to all concerned. His name was Marion. The limit was reached when he received a letter from the Dean of Women inquiring about his rooming conditions. He answered in these words; Dear Deanie: “I am rooming over in the men’s dorm, and the boys are just darling.” And then there was the M. E. senior who wanted to take his nose apart to see what made it run. What, Where, When? By Sally McKee Don't Prolong Visits With Instructors Dean Enders of t^science school advises students ^become acquainted with as many instructors as possible. Now is the time for you to answer the instructor’s invitation to visit him to explain yourVeademic difficulties and seek advice on matters of particular interest to you. Often students find it difficult to leave an audience with an instructor. But remember his time is valuable just as yours is. Fifteen or twenty minutes certainly will suffice for an ordinary visit. If there is more to be said, pay another call after having thought over and tried out the advice given at the first.
fltltk im Igr ValM Feiitart S/ndlcalc, lac.
‘Ain’t much news t’day, Lem—so just set a headline, ‘No News Is Good News’.”
Co-edifs
What mark of recognition is to identify the senior women of 1938 has yet to be decided. Various suggestions include corduroy skirts, recognition pins, clips or rings. The most useful and distinguishing insignia seems to be a corduroy skirt to a group of have carefully considered the issue. On the campus a skirt can be more easily observed than a small pip or ring. Also a corduroy skirt can be worn after graduation. What a gay addition the senior women, with skirts alike, would make to-the annual parade before the first football game, on September 25. The men will* be walking around the stadium in their yellow cords and black derbies. Why not represent the seniot co-eds with a dress as distinctive as that of the men? All women who plan to be graduated in 1938 may help decide what insignia we shall have by attending the first meeting of senior women this Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Behemoths who attended the Crew Weight Dance at Sacramento Junior College had something to beef about. They were charged an admission fee of % cent a pound. To prevent embarrassment, co-eds were admitted free.
Chicago Co-ed Solves Letter Writing Problems Chicago, 111. — (A C P) — Lovemaking by mail is often a hard job for collegians. Some find it difficult to fill a few white sheets of paper with sentimental symbols. “How can I put fire in my letters to Lulu when I have other interests here on the campus?” asks Fraternity Freddie. And Sorority Susie wonders about the same thing in regard to her correspondence with the grocery clerk back home. Such worries are no longer necessary because a University of Chicago student, Roslyn Schenker, has organized a bureau to write tailormade letters for students.*’^ For just 50 cents. Miss Schenker will spare you the necessity of smoking a couple packages of cigarettes, wearing the nap off your rug, and finally resorting ao alcoholic lubrication to grind out a belabored mess of words. No matter what kind of letter yo(u want—long, short, boring or witty ♦—she can produce it. Sonnets, odes, blank verse and free verse "are also a part of her service. If it’s a tactful letter you want, one that acts as a shock absorber for your two F grades, she can fashion it so skillfully that Dad will think you’re a great guy after all and tack some extra bucks onto the allowance.
Usually write-ups of student plays are studded with praise, but this one from th6 Daily O’Collegian, Oklahoma A & M, Stillwater, Okla., jumps out of the groove: “Other than a few hard falls, a few costume tears, some loud backstage curses, a few mixups in lighting effects, and a few minor changes in the program, dress researsal went off last night about as smooth as a washboard.”
Williams, Dammon, Attend Meeting of Broadcasters Gilbert D. Williams, program manager of WBAA, and C. E. Dammon, assistant director of personnel, are at Urbana, 111., where they are attending the annual meeting of the National Association of Educational Broadcasters.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
A facetious philosopher at Michigan State College claims that “Life is one damfool thing after another and love is two damfool things after each other.”
THUR. — FRI. — SAT. “Accusing Finger” I with Marsha Hunt Paul Kelly Buck Jones in “Boss Riders of Buck Creek”
usmA -Double Feature-
me^m. HUNOYANDK MlimTAVlOR MARY CARLISLE
GRANT RICHARDS KAREN MORLEY Roscoe Korns • Eduardo Cionnelli Milli Monti • Mail Mowbray Robort McWodo
TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
2 First Run Hits Adolph Zukor prtSMtt Clarence E.
WilLiiAhf iOYD A Paramount Picture
-Plus—
$WI$HeUGKLIN£ HEROES or THE OIL FIELOS!
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
David Karlyle in ‘Meet the Boy Friend’ —Plus— “Lime House Murder”
STARTS TOMORROW TWO SWELL SHOWS
Plus Second Feature
The Greatest of All Adventures THE PRINCE AND THE PAUPER By Mark Twain with Errol Flynn and the Mauch Twins
Extra—Mickey Mouse
TODAY - FRIDAY
PCS'
LEARN TO OANCE CORRECTLY Indiana’s Largest Dancing School ADVANCED CLASS OPENS THURSDAY, SEPT. 16th,
7:30 P. M.
BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS FRIDAY, SEPT 17th,
7:30 P. M.
ALL CHILDREN’S CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 18
PHONE 2150
Sixth and Ferry
ALLEN’SThursday, September 16,1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
4
BUY YOUR TEXTS AND SUPPLIES HERE
HAVE YOU GOTTEN YOUR FREE BLOTTER? SOUTHWORTH’S EVERYTHING FOR THE PURDUE STUDENT
New Track Coach Announces Plans For Fall Contests Full of new ideas and eager to get his track department off to the season’s start, Coach Harmon Phillips, new mentor of the thinly clads, gave out his plans for the fall session Monday. 6 Meets Scheduled Starting out with the regularly scheduled cross-country meets, he mentioned that the tentative schedule includes meets with Illinois, Wabash, Wisconsin, Butler, Pittsburgh, and Indiana, with three of the six contests probably being at home and the other three away. The first meet will probably be held around the ninth of October. Phillips went on to indicate that he would like to meet all of the aspirants to cross-country laurels in his office Thursday afternoon at 4:00. Whether a proven track man or not, he wants everyone who is the least bit interested to Qome to the gathering and get acquainted with him and his plans. Change Course One change he hopes to make as soon as possible is in the crossrcountry course. As it is, it encounters too many roads, and as the automobile traffic is quite heavy and the speeds are from 25 to 35‘miles an hour, it slows the trackmen down to a mere snail’s pace as compared to their ordinary sizzling gait as they speed across the wide open spaces. An entirely new idea which Phillips.wishes to inaugurate this year is fall track. If possible, he wants to get men out for about two weeks warm up, and then close with a round robin tournament with four teams participating, the freshmen, sophomores, juniors, and seniors, or a relay meet covering all phases of the sport. The idea behind all this is to get everyone back into the mood for track and give Phillips a preview of his available material. This relay climax would be run off on the basis of four ma;i teams
Change Gym Locker System Until Fieldhoase Opens With everything in a transient state at the Memorial Gymnasium due to the fact that the locker system may be moved at any time to the new gym, the lockers are being run on an entirely different basis this year. Men desiring lockers maKe a 50 cent deposit and receive a key and towel for only the specific time that they use it; and their money is returned when they check out after they are through for the day. This necessitates carrying clothes back and forth, but will save the trouble of emptying lockers when moving time comes. The main floor is now clear and ready for use. The building will be open until 9:Q0 o’clock at night this fall, and the service room will be open all of the time for the checking out of equipment. All equipment is issued free of charge, and the available material covers all sports that may be desired. Relay System Collecting and pickling spiders is the hobby of Mrs. Harriet Exline Lloyd, a doctor of philosophy at the University of Washington. She has 10,000 in all and 400 different
species.
Fielder's Choice
WARD MANAGERS WANTED Anyone interested in being ward athletic manager come to the intra-mural office in the Memorial Gymnasium at the earliest possible date.
so that everyone would have an opportunity to demonstrate his skill. For instance, in the discuss throw, the 'individual distances made by each man on a team would be added together and would compromise the team total which in turn would be used to judge the final team ratings. The pole vault and other events would be run off in a like manner. Instead of single races they would all be relays, incorporating the four shorter races in one. Places would then be given as those in a regular track meet.
GRAND NEWS /or College Girls!
OVER-THE-KNEE Stockings in Belle-Sharmeer LEG SIZES
Let the winds blow! With BelleSharmeer ©ver-the-Knees you can cope with shorter skirts and campus breezes in grand style! Their “Lastex” garter makes them
-HERE EXCLUSIVELY-
self-supporting above the knee. Belle-Sharmeer’s individual sizing in width and length makes them perfect-fitting on small,
middling, and talk
$1.00 pair - 3 pair $2.35 THIEME-WAH6ERIN COMPANY 622-624-626 Main Street
Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary, is already in functioning order and some of the men who have been swjmming all summer ate now being timed in the required events while they are still in shape . . . . So far about five men on the campus have passed all of the requirements and twenty or more still have a few of the harder parts of the schedule to pass .... A general call for anyone else interested will be made in a short while.
—^fc—
Saturday’s game will be well worth seeing , . . only the varsity squad is being used ... all the fans will have the opportunity of seeing all members of the squad in action for lengthy periods of play they all will be fighting for^a position on the starting eleven against Butler .. . the Gimlet Club is sponsoring the game as usual . . . tickets may be purchased at Deac’s, Southworth’s, Union Desk, East and North Cary Halls, W. R. H., and at Decker’s across the river . . .
—^fc—
Chicago is huAung a tough time with their football material . they only have 39 men out for the team and Coach Shaugnessy may have to take the offers of Assistant Coaches Jay Berwanger and Herb Blumer to play with the reserves in scrimmage.
—^fc—
The Boilermaker varsity footbal. squad finished their last dual prac^ tice of the season yesterday dog tired but eager for the season to get underway . . . fraternities, the boarding houses, halls, etc., doubled their grocery orders, for the squad henceforth will eat but one meal a day at the training table . . . 1 — Coach Phillips has some big ideas for track this year . . . the Boilermakers may get a winning squad on the track yet . . . Coach Piggy Lambert was eying the Frosh gridiron squad last night ... he may be looking for some “beef trusters” to add to his speedy net squad . . . Intra-mural Sports Open With Archery
Choose Squads For Saturday's Game Gridiron action galore is in prospect in the Ross-Ade stadium at 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon when the GoLds will stack up against the Blacks in an inter-squad game that will be regulation in every respect. Sponsored by the Gimlet Club, the battle, which supplants the usual varsity-freshman encounter, will provide ^ real pre-view of the Boilermakers’ 1937 prospects with practically every member of the varsity squad slated for action, “Golds” Have Lettermen Judging from the tentative alignment of the two varsity groups for the game, the starting lineup for the “Golds” will be made up almost entirely of major lettermen and last year’s reserves. The “Black” combination, although liberally sprinkled with veterans, will contain a number of the most promising of the sophomore candidates. A possible starting eleven for the “Golds” would include Powell and Zachary, ends; Capt. Schreyer and Woltman, tackles; Verplank and Grant, guards; Humphrey, center; Cody Isbell, quarterback; Cecil Isbell, left halfback; Bob Selby, right halfback, and Tony Ippolito, full-
bqJek.
The “Blacks” likewise could preijt an imposing combination including Vergane and Steward, ends; MiharaM Fitzegerald, tackles; Bykowski and Bremer, guards; Petry, center; Hennis, quarterback; Brown or Nesbitt, left halfback; Brock, right halfback, and Juska, fullback. Replacements Plentiful Neither team will be lacking in adequate replacements. The “Gold” team can call on Botney, Thursby, and Spehn, ends; Krause and Whitey Johnson, tackles; Klika and Maloney, guards; Momingstar, center; Montague, quarterback; Purvis, Vyverberg andT)ecker, halfbacks; and Winchell, fullback. The “Black” roster includes Britt and Krause, ends; Paris and Dick Johnson, at tackles; Knorr and ReuBoiu, at the guard positions; Jerrell, center; Shackleton, quarterback; Mackiewicz and Welsch, halfbacks; and DeWitte, fullback. w
Next week will see “Chief” Clevett’s iptra-mural department swing into action with three different events scheduled to open the season. All-campus archery will start Monday and will be closely followed by interfraternity softball and six different tennis tournaments. Archery All aspiring archers will take their places at the south end of Intramural Field at 4:00 Monday afternoon and will be given equipment and, if desired, lessons in the art of using the materials, by “Bun” Kinzer, veritable Canadian Robin Hood. Greek softball will start sometime near the first of the week. Practice games will be held on Monday and Tuesday with the real corncompetition going into action immediately afterwards. All of the teams will play six games in their regular schedule with the eighj: top survivors meeting each other in the finals round. All games are due to start at 4:15 with the positive dead line of 4:30. Any team not arriving by then has to forfeit the contest. Tennis The tennis tournaments will begin as soon as enough men have signed up to warrant competitigji.
EXPONENT STAFF
All sophomore, junior, and senior members of the Exponent editorial staff attend staff meeting Friday afternoon ihstead of Saturday, at 4 o’clock in Exponent office in Lafayette because of football game. —BROCK.
CROSS-COUNTRY Everyone interested in crosscountry track report to Coach Phillips’ office in the Memorial G3nnnasium this afternoon at' 4:00.
Anyone interested can sign up at the Memorial Gjnnnasium and pay a ten cent entry fee "at the intramural office. This fee covers both the all-campus matches and the contests played to decide the four class champions. The faculty fracas is also included in the list of six meets, but as yet the only one who has shown his willingness to enter this grueling game of strength and dexterity is “Doc” Martin of the chemistry department.
OUR PRICES ARE LOWEST Drawing Instruments ..... ^ Students’ Supplies B. L. HORWITZ Sporting Goods ^ 828 Main
for seniors senior cor^ $3.50-$4.5046.50 derby hats
Djnhf. Dave Miller “Rip” Manion Louis Putze .
50c
are our student representatives. See them or call at our store.
Phone 3801
DEWENTER’S
416 MainS
t
te“ - msi
r i,
' y
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, September 16# 1937
Sister Of Animal Husbandry Senior Shows Prizewinning Angus Steer At State Fair
A I'eal boost for 4-H club work and University training in animal husbandry comes with the recent triumph at the Indiana State Fair of “Eroca,” a purebred Aberdeen Angus steer from the Larkin herd at Loogootee. Owned and shown by Anna Marie Van Hoy, a 16 year old club girl, in her first year of livestock competition, “Eroca” won top honors in the 4-H class and then scored a double victory by coming through as grand champion of all breeds foi the entire show. The steer tipped the scales at 1050 pounds and was auctioned off to Kingan and Company of Indianapolis at 70c a pound, bringing Anna Mane the 'tidy sum of $735 for her calf. Top puce for choice steers on the Chicago market IS around 18c per pound. Anna Mane is a sister to John Van Hoy, Purdue giaduate associated with the Resettlement Administration at the University, and of Bob Van Hoy, member of Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity and a senior in animal husbandry. The^boys have been showing cattle successfully for 10 years, and together with their father, have helped to build the held from which Anna Mane selected hei winning calf.
Continue Classes In Co-ed Riding Instrudion
Classes in horseback riding are being offered again this year by the depaitment of physical education for women, with Paul Schultze of the Purdue Riding Stables furnishing the horses and equipment. UpperclasswQmen. may enroll in the classes. The Me is $6 for eight les-
lust sign a statefct tl^t she is taking
Each student ment to the effi
the course witli the consent of her parents, and jodphurs or trousers of some sort must be worn at the
classes.
A meeting for those interested in this course will be held tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium. Classes will be assigned at this time.
Newman Club Plans Party For Ail Cafholk Students
Newman Club will invite all the Catholic students to attend the annual freshman reception to be given on September 23 in St. Mary’s hall, at Twelfth and Columbia streets. Arrangements include dancing to the music of a popular band. According to Jerry Ottenwellei, president, Newman club looks for a membership of from 300 to 400 members this year. Aside from the dances and social affairs, the club will glve^ qdznmunion breakfasts on the first Sunday of each month. The club has been running a desk all week in the Memorial Union Building at which club officers urge all Catholic students to register.
Exponent Editors; Where Do They Go After Graduation?
Shanklin, 4-H Club Leader, In Critical Condition
F. M. Shanklin, of the agricultural extension staff, is critically ill at the Home hospital, where he has been confined for several months with a stomach ailment.
Beeson, Pence, Leave For Urbana Soybean Meeting K. E. Beeson and M. O. Pence, of the agronomy extension staff of the University left^esterday^J^or Urbana, 111., to attend the 17th anilual meeting of the American Soybean Association, to be held at the University of Illinois. Mr. Beeson has been secretai^-treasurer of the association for the last two years, and has been active in its work for some time.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main Street, Phone 2779.
WANTED—One student roomer. Near campus and village. 107 Chauncey avenue.
TO ADULTS—Two-room furnished apartment, shown by appointment. 511 N. 7th St. Tel. 6391.
FOR SALE — “Rachel,"* a 1929 Ford sport coupe, in marvelous condition. Tires new, motor perfect, splendid upholstery, beautiful finish. Will sacrifice for cash, merchandise or what have you ?—H. L. Hawley. Phone 7877.
ADVANCED MILITARY JUNIORS—New coat and Sam Browne belt for sale. 30 per cent off. Size 39. —R. F. Hurt, 214 Pierce.
FOR RENT—Single W. Lutz. Phone 66224.
332
MODEL A FORD—1931 coupe in excellent condition. Call Putze 2352.
FOR RENT—Room and board for one student. Large desk in the room. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
Notices
tember 16, at the Kappa Sigma housa. —DREVER.
Track and Cress Country Men—There will be a meeting of all men interested in track and cross country at 4 p. m., September 16, in my office in the old gym. —PHILLIPS.
A. A.—Council meeting September 16 at 7:30 p. hi. in th^ W. A. A. office. Ail members must be pres^fft. —DELAPLANE.
_ Co-operative Bookstore—^Any member of eithet the Purdue Student Alliance, Purdue Co'^perative Association, or Wesley Foundation is eligible to purchase any
of the bargains in books at the co-op in the Wesley Foundation. Open from 4 to 6 and 7 to 9 o’clock. Members may also bring in books to sell. _bucKLES.
Reamer Club—First meeting September 16 at 7 p. m., in the Memorial Union Building. Every member must be there. —ROSS.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council—Special meeting Thursday evening at 7:30 in the Memorial Union Building. Inquire at desk. —GRAHAM.
Last Year’s Golden Gloves Bloxers—Get pictures at Tanco studio for 60 cents —MAXWELL.
Freshmen Girls—Library tour Monday at 10 and again at 2 o’clock. Meet at Library. —HUBER.
Freshman Campers — Fieshmen articles left at camp—one towel, one sportshirt, and one sleeveless shirt, may be obtained by applying to me —J. H. GRAVES.
Shanklin is assistant leader of 4-H clubs, and has been in charge of pig clubs in Indiana for 23 years. He IS also state organizer of 4-H lamb clubs and 4-H colt clubs.
FOR SALE—1928 green Nash coupe. Excellent condition. See George Hatfield, 322 Waldron. Phone 66102.
P. I. A. Members—P I A members interested in activities call at office between 4 and 5 30 p m any time this week for place—WELLS & MYER.
Skull and Crescent—The first meeting of the yeaf will be held at 7 30 p m , Sep-
‘Tt’s a woman’s world. As far as a man is concerned, a dollar today IS merely an ‘S’ which has been double-crossed.” A cynic’s sigh from Prof. R. L. Sackett, of economics at the University of Mississippi, that the successful woman can spend more than her husband can earn— and that there seem to be more successful than unsuccessful females.
‘YOUR LAilNDifS
STANDINGS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
81
52
.609
Chicago
80
56
.588
St. Louis
72
63
.533
Pittsburgh
72
64
.529
Boston
68
68
.500
Brooklyn
60
75
.444
Philadelphia
54
80
.403
Cincinnati
52
81
.391
—Results— Chicago, 5; Boston, 2. Brooklyn, 0-5; Cincinnati, 6-5. New York, 7; Pittsburgh, 2. Philadelphia, 6; St. Louis, 6 (contest called at end of 12th, darkness).
What becomes of Exponent edi tors after graduation? Do they follow work in which their University schooling trained them, do they take up journalistic work, just what do they do? A little research on the question shows that while several of the past editors have gone into strictly engineering work, a seemingly larger number of them have combined their campus journalistic experience with their engineering training by going into editorial work on technical magazines. Hays Holds High Post Outstanding m this field is George Hays, 1911-12 Exponent editor, who is now vice president of the Penton Publishing Company of Cleveland. This concern, publisher of a number of engineering journals, also emploj^s several other former editors of the paper. William Gude, Jr., ’24-25 Exponent chief, IS, an associate editor with the Penton compa,ny, while Frank Steinebach, ’21-22 Mitor, is managing editor of 't’he Foundry, a Penton publication. Editor-in-chief Bayard Sawyer, 1934-35, now acts as assistant editor of Power magazine, of which the ’28-29 Exponent editor, E. J. Tangerman, was recently appointed managing editor. Two other exeditors work with farm journals— Ray Kelsey, ’22-23, managing editor of the Ohio Farmer, and Noble Crane, ’18-19, advertising manager of the Indiana Farmer. Air Conditionihg Expert Even a former humor columnist has made good in the engineering publication field. Stuart Distelhorst, “Bold and Black” editor, 1933-34-35, is now serving as technical editor of Air Conditioning. Hugh MoWis, last year’s managing editor of the Exponent, recently accepted a reportorial position on the Louisville Courier-Journal.
The day of the 15 foot pole vault is not far off, thinks Coach Brutus Hamilton, of the University of California#- There are at least four athletes capable of skidding over the bamboo at that height: Bill Sefton, George Varoff, Sueo Oye of Japan and Earle Meadows.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
90
44
.672
Detroit
81
54
.600
Chicago
77
59
.566
Boston
71
61
.538
Cleveland
72
63
.533
Washingtpn
63
72
.467
Philadelphia
43
90
.323
St. Louis
41
95
.301
—Results— Cleveland, 5-1; New York, 4-3. St. Louis, 2-3; Philadelphia, 8-1. Detroit, 4; Washington, 3. Chicago, 5; Boston, 3.
JUST RECEIVED TODAY FROM THE MANUFACTURER
G4
r r
BRAND NEW SETS
K&E," PHAROS-No DRAWING INSTRUMENTS
686!4
This is a lifetime professional set, the highest gr^de made. Regular Factory Price is $30.00 per set
SPECIAL PRICE to Purdue Students ONLY—^untilJMonday Sept. 20 is $1095
per set
HAYWOOD’S Retail Departmeqt Established 1826 Fifth and Ferry Sts.
X
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY
East Side of Square
\
Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
ANNOUNCING FALL OPENING
OF ADULT TAP CLASSES
ADVANCED Thurs., Sept. 16, 6:30 p. m.
INTERMEDIATE Thurs., Sept. 16, 9:00 p. m. BEGINNER’S Friday, Sept. 17, 6:30 p. m. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
»the Purdue Expozient
Service Directory
— Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Printing —
SUDDEN SERVICE
,RINTING
Office Stationery . WeddingInvitations Sales Books, Etc.
PHONE CASSEL’S I 26:^ 408 FERRY
— Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY
Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students.
527 Main
Phone 5432
(Rolh J>IoJuidJ:
Inc.
— Shoe Repair —
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Jewelry —
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
Tailor
sparrendahl Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Fgrry
— Photography
Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Beauty Studio
CORRECT BEAUTY TREATMENT
Kienly Beauty Studio
635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building
Phone 7955—8050
Bookstores
‘‘DEAL” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
Dine
DINE ■ DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
Locksmith
^ “C” CARTER
for
Keys — Ltochs — General Repairingr
Bicycle Rentals and Repairing
Open Evenings
Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119'/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
— Confectionery —
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts.
Furniture —
Student Equipment ^uhnUwdt Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
J