Purdue A Exponent Z-IM ***
Volume 51. No. 72
Thursday, t^cember 7, 1939
First Nighters See Story Of New York Tenements By Georgann Schilling Winter set, the story of ‘people who believed in nothing’, opened last night in Fowler Hall for a four night run. Winterset, written by Maxwell Anderson, is a drama entirely different from any play which Playshop has presented for a number of years. Members of the first night audience seemed to believe the dramatic experiment to be a crowning success. Action of the play, is laid in the ' '
tenement district of New York City. The set under a bridgehead on the bank of a river is especially effective in setting the mood for the play. Even more helpful in creating dramatic effects are the use of unusual lighting and wierd organ music during parts of the action. Heine, Heath Leads Patricia Heine and William Heath in the leading roles of Miriamne and Mio set the pace for the excellent acting done by every member of the cast. The story centers about Mio, a young wandering cynic, who is fired with but one desire—^to clear his father’s name of the crime for which he died in the electric chair. In trying to carry out his ambition Mio is led to the New York slum district where he meets and falls in love with Miriamne, a tenement dweller. Miriamne’s brother. Garth, was a member of the gang that committed the murder for which Mio’s father died, and so Miriamne is forced to pledge her loyalties to either her lover or her brother. The tragic drama which follows shows life in the slum, the ruthlessness of the gangster leaders, and the hopeless philosophy by which these people live. Tonight at 7:30 The free verse lines of Mr. Anderson’s play were especially well spoken by Miriamne (Pat Heine) and Mio (William Heath) in the roles of the two tragic lovers. Alex Lipchak is convincing as the heartless gangleader, Trock, and the part of Miriamne’s aged Jewish father is well played by Joe Martin. Other leading roles are taken by Harold Martin as the brother. Garth; Donald Salmond as Judge Gaunt; Bill Tedrowe and the unfortunate Shadow; Philip Henze as the half-wit hobo; and Benton Burns as Mio’s friend, Carr. Winterset will continue through Saturday night, tonight’s curtain being scheduled to go up at 7:30. The play is directed .by Jack W. Miller and staged by William L. Dean.
Groups Complete Primary Rounds In Discussion Contest Primary rounds of the Mohlman discussion tournament were held last night in 19 fraternity houses. These were the last of the discussions designed to acquaint participants with the regular proceedure which will be followed. The subject discussed was “Propaganda.” Each group is composed of ten members. Discussions will be held at the various fraternity houses every Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock for the next five weeks. The “Subject of Propaganda” will be ’ discussed at the next meeting, and the “Solution" of Propaganda” will be the topic for the following week. Chairmen From Classes Each discussion group has a chairman selected from a speech class. The practice session last night was not judged, but the following discussions will be scored. Scoring will be conducted on an individual basis, but the total number of points will be checked. Pinal judgment will be based on fraternity and residence hall competition, and sorority or residence hall “competition. Trophies will be awarded to the winners in each division: sorority, fraternity, or residence hall. Individual awards will also be ^iven. Members of the forensic board, Lucy Demoret and Frank Caldwell, are in charge of the arrangements 'for the discussion groups.
W. H. Pugsley
Student Basketball Reserved Tickets Available Dec. 11-14 Reserved students seats for the opening trio of home Big Ten basketball games scheduled immediately following the Christmas vacation will be distributed from the ticket office in the Fieldhouse December 11-14, ticket manager C. S. Doan announced last night. The same system of direct exchange of passport coupons will be followed as in the past. The games are with Ohio State, January 8; Wisconsin, January 13, and Minnesota, January 15. Tickets will be distributed according to the following schedule: seniors, Monday, December 11; juniors, Tuesday, December 12; sophomores, Wednesday, December 13, and freshmen, Thursday, December 14. Immediately following the distribution of freshman tickets on December 14, all remaining tickets will be placed on sale to the general public. Students planning to attend the Oregon and Southern California games should make the proper exchange of coupons for reserved tickets at the same time that they obtain their Ohio State, Wisconsin, and Minnesota tickets. WSGA Conducts last Soph Training School At the fourth meeting of the WSGA sophomore training school yesterday, student-faculty relations and social activities were discussed by the respective committee heads, Mary Jane Carr and Treva Berry. This meeting was the last of a series held to acquaint sophomore women with the purposes and work of the various committees in WSGA. The work of the social committee, according to Treva Berry, covers the date bureau. Gold Diggers dance, and the May Day program. Mary Jane Carr explained the work of her committee in giving teas to promote interest and understanding between students and faculty members.
. . . spoke before the American Dean Stratton
Society of Mechanical Engineers in the mechanical engineering building last night. Mr. Pugsley is director of engineering of the Hayes corporation. He discussed the subject of “Instrumentation and Automatic Control of a Modern Steam Gener-
ating Plant.”
. . . will address two gatherings on the Butler University campus today. At noon she will speak at the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority house on “Sorority Problems.” Later in the afternoon she will address
the Pan-Hellenic Council.
Political Parties Horn In On Rassle With Beer. Gambling; Look For The Beauties
Both political parties, Progressive and Boilermaker, will / set up headquarters at the “news names” Riveters’ Rassle in the Union Friday night for the entertainment of Rasslers and future voters. Bill Dunshee, co-chairman of the Progressive party, spoke for his Prom and Gala Week tickets, “Naturally, the Rassle is one of the best dances of the year. Naturally, the Progi'essive party wants to give the student body the best of everything now, for Junior Prom, and for Gala Week.” Jim Ogdon, candidate in the opposing Boilermaker lines, had this to say in behalf of his party, “Our ticket speaks for itself and it sincerely hopes you enjoy the dance the Boilermaker way. Look for the Boilermaker party at the Riveters’ Rassle.” Progressives Have Bar The Progressives will open their “Progressive Bar” in the reception room, with root beer on tap, and tables set up for the ladies. A barroom mirror will back the bar, and the party is importing some of the finest bartenders in the country for the occasion. A “man in the street” and quiz program will be featured from the center of the floor.
Boilermakers will take over the old chestnut room, with their underworld gambling den. Roulette wheels will go round and round, the wheel of fortune will spin, ^nd dice will roll in their emporium. Stage money will be given to Rasslers as they enter the door, and money from the gambling devices may be used to purchase punch from a prize bowl. Expert, but honest, croupiers will be behind the tables, the Boilermakers say. Watch For Beauties Sigma Delta Chi, journalistic honorary fraternity sponsoring the dance,, will present prizes for the best beards and best costumes at 10:30 p. m. The Four-Star Co-eds will also be introduced at this time. A fifteen minute session of music will be recorded by WBAA for use on the luncheon dance time program, it was announced last night by WBAA announcer Hank Miller. “Doc” Thrasher, ballroom musicmaker for the occasion, will also appear on the Campus Varieties program on December 16. Featured with the band are Ruth Hutchins, finest swing harpist this side of New York, who will do her own ar-
rangement of “Smoke Gets In Your Eyes.” Purdue Grad" Singer Paul Miller, formerly a Purdue man, will handle the sweet songs, while Dick Ellis will do the “scat singing.” Margaret Lorenz is the charming featured girl vocalist, and “Swampy” Litten, left-handed drummer, will shine in “Bugle Call Rag” as a specialty. Thrasher has played in the Abraham Lincoln Hotel, Springfield, 111.; Columbia Clqb, Indianapolis; Palais Royal, South Bend; Claypool and Severin Hotel, Indianapolis; and has made many other appearances. He is now playing steadily at the Indiana Union in Bloomington. Roving Band Assisting ThrasheV will be the “Roving Dutchmen,” a five-piece German band, in the cafeteria. They will roam the corridors, play for dancing in the cafeteria, and appear in the ballrootn when Thrasher takes inter-mission. ' ' Tickets for the Rassle, priced at $1.9954, may still be secured at the Union desk, Deac’s, Southworth’s, Decker’s, or from any Sigma Delta Chi active or pledge.
Cagers to Meet Teacher Five Tonight In Initial Encounter
Speakers Conclude Propaganda Is Not Serious Here In U.S. Three speakers at the Tau Kappa Alpha Forum last night reached the conclusion that propaganda is not a serious menace to America at this time. The forum took place in the reception room of the Union at 7:30. Prof. A. H. Monroe, head of the speech department, was the first speaker on the program and gave the psychological aspects of the propaganda machine. Speaking from the layman’s viewpoint, he attempted to present the three main foundations and methods of propaganda. Speaking second. Prof. V. L. Albjerg, of the history, economics and government department, went into the history and development of propaganda. Particularly he stressed the point that propaganda is not in itself evil and often is a misinterpreted term. Europe is not alone in using this tool he stated and continued to cite examples where our own government had turned on the propaganda full blast. Manager of U. P. Speaks Following Prof. Albjerg, Paul Smith, manager of the Indianapolis bureau of the United Press, spoke debunking the propaganda issuing from Europe at the present time. He stated that the press is doing all that is humanly possible to prevent outrageous and inflammatory propaganda from reaching the American public. Using various recent news stories as his examples, he pointed out flaws and obvious bits of misinformation causing them at least partially to disintegrate. Dr. Beard Finishes Study Of Campus Dr. Charles A. Beard, who has been conducting a study of American Democracy at work on educational processes, finished his work on the campus Tuesday. President E. C. Elliott, David E. Ross, president of the' board of trustees, various deans and other administrative officers attended a breakfast Tuesday and took part in a discussion of problems of administration and student life.
Veteran Quintet In Boilermaker Line-up; Sophomores May Start Tonight in the University Fieldhouse, Ward “Piggie” Lambert wilT send his 1939-40 edition of hardwood entertainment against some opposition that will Be brought in from our sister state, Illinois, wearing Western Illinois State Teachers on their jackets. Indiana’s king sport, basketball, starts tonight for Boilermakers, students and players combined. ■■■ I ■" ' The Purdue attack will be opened am an a a with five veterans in the Gold and I rOCf DGrGttS Black lineup, but this outfit is as tentative as Byrd’s snow cruiser on a narrow road. Due to the belief that Coach Lambert will start a few sophomores, it is probable that two Illinois lads, Forrest Sprowl, of Oblong, and Don Blankin, of West Dundee, may be at forwards with Bill Nuetzel, of Tell City, Ind., at center. John Tierney, of Chicago, and Red Caress, of Bedford, Ind., are likely looking sophomore
guards.
First String In Purdue’s “first string” lineup will be the sharp-shooting Igney at forward along with the giant Fisher, who is now playing -with a set The Varsity division of the Military Band will play for the game tonight. The band, composed of approximately 50 musicians, is scheduled to commence playing at 7:10,20 minutes before game time. of non-breakable glasses. The Purdue center as indicated by pre-game reports should be Jake Weber, 230 pound, six foot, six inch center, who can handle the ball like a cat ■with a mouse, but he doesn’t fit into the fast break -with the necessary speed for two full halves. Captain Beretta and Eli Yeager, two veterans who in their sophomore year played with the great trio of Young, Sines, and Malaska, ■will begin the contest as guards—^if one can be called a guard in the Lambert system of fast break basket-
ball.
Illinois Is Fast The Illinois team is noted for its fast break style of basketball, thus promising two fast breaking offenses against each other. Leading the Sucker outfit will be Captain J. Willard at forward, one of the high scorers of the Teacher’s five last season when it dominated play in the Little Nineteen conference. A guard, Mincemoyer, a leader of the Illinois defense for the past two years, and who was the principal thorne in the Boilermakers’ offense in last season’s Purdue-Illinois Teachers game, -will perform for the ■visitors.
. . . stellar defensive captain and guard will start his third season as a Boilermaker hardwood starter tonight when he tries his skill on some opposition brought in from
the Sucker state.
Newman Club Plans Full Program Sunday University Newman Club is planning a number of events for Sunday, December 10. Starting Sunday morning after 9:30 mass. The monthly club communion breakfast will take place in St. Mary’s auditorium. Following this will be an hour of entertainment. Next will be the regular monthly business meeting presided over by president
Harry Monson.
Sunday evening the club is s|)onsoring a radio dance in the auditorium beginning at 8 p. m. Refreshments will be served and more entertainment, is also planned for the evening’s program.
Parties Announce Prom Platforms
Progressive Platform Complete representation of the campus has been, and will continue to be, the policy of the Purdue Progressive Party. Our candidates represent Cary Club, PIA, fraternities, and sororities, rather than a select clique of organized students. Those who vote in the Prom election are urged to remember that the Progressive Prom Committee candidates will be acting for the benefit of the entire campus. Our platform for the 1940 Prom will be: 1. The use of an organized system of ticket distribution. 2. The selection of band or bands from popular nomination. 3. The selection of Prom chairman by highest number of votes in the election, thus eliminating any inti’aparty politics. 4. Suitable entertainment during intermissions. 6. The advocation of a Saturday afternoon post-Prom tea dance for Prom ticket-holders. 6. The open publication of all Prom expenses. 7. A reduction of the ticket price. DAN HEIPLE JIM OURAND “GIB” KEGERREIS GINNY ROYCE JOHN POST GEORGE FREY JOHN VAN HORN
Boilermaker Platform We, of the Boilermaker Party, recognizing that preelection promises are often forgotten when election day has passed, set forth the following simple policies and platform with full intention of fulfilling the same. We believe in inaugurating an entire week, end devoted to the Jxmior Prom. In order to carry out our plan, we will give to the student body, in addition to the Prom, a post-prom tea-dance to eliminate the anticlimax following the most impoi-tant dance of the year. Our platform is, therefore; 1. For Prom-goers we will present one band, and only one band, which shall be of the best obtainable. 2. Music for the tea dance will be furnished by a first-rate orchestra and will take the place of the usual Prom night cafeteria band. 3. The tea dance will be for students attending the Prom and as such will be included in the price of a ticket, which shall not exceed $4.00. 4. As individuals, we represent many varied schools and activities, and sincerely believe that we can present to the student body the best and most complete week end in the history of Pm-due. STU ARMSTRONG HUOK BRAMBERRY PAUL HAMMAN MYRA McKEE JIM OGDEN BOB RALSTON HAL TODD
■' I f
.rA! !fi
^ I
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thuisday/ December 7, 1939
Junsth^ JoUl Graduating Seniors ... are beginning to knit their brows and pace the floor over this employment problem. Open season began a few weeks ago and will end this summer as far as the class of 1940 concerned. Any senior who does not have a job by that time may consider himself as officially omthe unemployed list. If your number of present prospects for employment IS not sufficient to insure you a job upon graduation, then sooner or later you will be writing application letters by the score. Since these letters will be the first impression which you will make on your prospective boss, they should be 100 per cent perfect. If you have never taken the course offered in business letter writing, it might be well for you to consult the text_ which these classes are using. Here you can obtain useful information on proper style, psychology, and arrangement of your application letter. An experiment performed recently with 100 personnel men, under the direction of the University Personnel Service, showed that the most popular type of application letter was the short letter accompanied by a good personnel information blank. As a service to seniors, the Activities Bureau is offering this year 100 printed personal data sheets with attached photograph for $3.85. They will be delivered in January. The use of this sheet in contacting prospective employers is heartily endorsed by Director of Personnel Jack Walters. To insure you best results in your employment search we therefore suggest the following proceedure: 1. Secure the names of the personnel men in the companies you wish to contact. 2. Read a good text on application letter writing or consult an instructor who is teaching, or has taught, business letter writing courses. 3. Have a talk with the head of your school so that he will know you personally and the type of employment you are looking for.
I^t Incidentally— By Vasilevich WORDS-WITHOUT-WEBSTER DEPARTMENT (Definition-superfluous division) “Lip-bumping.” —Fred Allen’s Tovrn Hall. |C * >!t People have been mumbling to themselves about the new efficient lighting system leoently installed in the libraiy..^ We think we have the facts behind the change. ❖ 4s It seems that a student senator walked into the libiary to study one night. He sat down next to a girl at one of the tables in a dim corner. As the night wore on, bits of conversation passed between them. Eventually, he asked her for a date for the following night . . . and she accepted. He took one look at her in the daylight the next day . . . and brought up the motion for better lighting in the 5nbrary at a subsequent meeting of the senate. ' * * * We hope he is doing better now. V * Personally, we carry a flashlight in order to avoid things like that. -It * ic You might, if you’re clever, deduce our opinion of ordinary dirt columns by the next item. •k A FLASH!! What fieshman giil has been seen wheie doing what with that junior fellow ? And who arrived on the scene just in time to convince which one that who was disobeying what University tradition? And how were they? Do you know when it happened?
4. Watch the bulletin boards in your school office and the personnel office, and the Exponent for companies visiting the campus. 5. Write plenty of application letters enclosing a data sheet. Address them directly to the company's personnel director. 6. See the University personnel office if you have any questions concerning interviews or employment in general.—R. E. I.
PRI^E POLITICAL ... . .. boner of the week was pulled by Johnny Dean, Boilermaker shot, who paid a visit to the Alpha Sigma Phi house to'persuade them to join the Boilermaker Party. . . . Incidentally, it might be added that Don Myers from said house is on the Progressive Gala Week ticket. —B & B— . . . which leads us to wonder if it was just a coincidence that there was a group of Boilermaker politicians sitting in the Sweet Shop when Hank Miller was broadcasting from there yesterday. Hank is also running on the ticket . . . you wouldn’t use WBAA for your own interests would you Hank? —B & B— It would have been most interesting to see the expression on Norm Gessley’s face when that dainty little “Annie” Teeter told, him that “Competition is the Spice of Life!” The Blot. —B & B— A word to the wise “Annie” . . . Too much spice burns the tongue. The Ed. —B & B— Smoke Dreams Bad men want their women to be like cigarettes Just so many, all slender and trim in a case. Waiting in a row to be selected, set aflame, and When their flame has died, discarded. Good men tieat women like pipes
Purdue Exponent
R E Insley W E Smith D G Terrio G W Frederick
E M Antonim G Schilling R Jenkins
Phones
Editor-in-Chief Business Manager Editorial Director Managing Editor
Senior Advertising Manager
Co-ed Editor Sports Editor
Editorial, 4005 Business 6038,
Spoits 2792
Published daily except Monday during the academic year Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana under the Act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for m Section 1103, Act of Octobei 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 nEPBESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, !iic. College Publishers Retirescntative 420 Madison Ave York N Y Chicago - Boston Los Angeles San Francis''o National Advertising Representatives National Advertising Service, Inc 420 Madison Avenue New Yolk N Y Member Associated Collegiate Pi ess This newspaper is written edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director Delivered by cairier $3 per academic year , by mail $3 50 Business office located at 312 N Fifth Street editorial office. Union Building sports office Field House Night Editoy McKee Issue Editor Traugott
Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
Ruth Christophersen To Address HE Class Miss Ruth Christophersen, H E. ’37, assistant home economist with the Kraft Phenix Cheese Corporation, will speak today at 11 o’clock to the home economics survey class m the auditorium. Miss Christophersen transferred here from Lawlence College, Wisconsin, and was a membei of Kappa Alpha Theta SOI ority As assistant to Miss Maiy Dahnke, home economics head of the Kraft Company, she does demonstrations and assists with the testing work in the Kiaft kitchen. Miss Christopheisen will discuss the commercial foods field, covering the oppoitunities, work, training, and qualifications in this field. Gills who would like personal confei ence with her should see Miss Maigaret Beeman of the home economics department here
MAN THE GUNS!... U-BOAT! Thundering Terror Strikes the High Seas! Hell Above . . Death Below! Sinking Vessels . . . Drowning Victims. TIMELY!! - THRILLING!!
WABI RUTHIESSf DEVASmilNGI OVEIlWHELmiHGI
. . . THE MOST TIMELY AND AUTHENTIC DRAMA OF WARFARE AND INTERNATIONAL ESPIONAGE EVER MADE . . . . !
TODAY FRIDAY - SATURDAY LUMA
— PLUS — GENE AUTRY SMILEY BURNETTE — IN — "MOUNTAIN RHYTHM'
TODAY - FRI
KEEPS SECRETS FROM HER DOCTOR!
YOU'LL SHAKB WITH LAmmER AND SHIVBR WITH
FRIGHT
the. em fun and extra "THINK FIKST" Crime Doesn't Pay Featurette TODAY-FRIDAY MARS
And become more attached to them the older they become; When\the flame burns out they still look after them, Knock them gently (but lovingly) and care for them always— No man shares his pipe. —Stolen. —B & B— LATEST NEWS . . . . . . concerning the RIVETER’S RASSLE is the story of the two beared lads that bought their tickets at the Union desk with 199 pennies and cut the last one in two ... the girls at the desk just don’t seem to appreciate it. —B & B— And if you want a friend . .. just ask a newly initiated Gimlet to sit down with you . . . yes, they were initiated “forceably” last night.
In Answer
... to the many questions in regard to the giaduate student’s status,Jn4ntramural competition, Larly Imholf, of the intramural department, announces that the graduates may participate in all-campus tournaments, but may not compete in interfraternity or ward events.
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
THilR MERRIEST YETi
— and — 'RACKETEERS OF THE RANGE" — WITH — GEORGE O'BRIEN —ALSO —
UKtH
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
— PLUS — Edgar Wallace's Greatest Mystery Thrillerl THE PHANTOM STRIKES — WITH — LOUISE HENRY SONNIE HALE
You’d be surprised how telephone engineers put them to work for you How to put more and more wires into a telejihone cable without increasing its diameter is an ever present problem at Western Electric—manufacturing unit of the Bell System. Existing ducts beneath city streets limit both the number and the diameter of cables—but demand for telephone service continues to grow. Until recently, the largest cable contained 3636 wires in a diameter of 2% inches. Years of study led to an entirely new insulating process that saved 3/lOOO of an inch per wire. Multiply this tiny fraction of an inch hy 3636, and you provide enough space to place 606 more wires in the same size cable! — a total of 4242. With such resourcefulness, Bell System engineers meet countless problems. Result: you can talk to almost anyone, anywhere—quickly, at low cost.Thursday, December 7, 1939
£xfiomnt Spo^lA. fiaqsL
Elward Engages In Post Season Banquets From the gridiron to the dinner table has been Head Coach Mai Elward’s fall schedule transmutation in the space of less than two weeks. Since the Indiana football game, Elward has been Swamped with appearance requests at high school banquets in cities and towns throughout the mid-west. Monday night he was the principal speaker at the St. Leo high school banquet in Chicago. Tuesday he spoke in Greenville, Ohio, at the post season celebration for the high school football team. Yesterday he was in Indianapolis for the annual banquet in honor of the Boilermaker squad and coachiqg staff at the Severin Hotel. Today he continues with a football dinner at Urbana, Ohio, for another Buckeye high school grid team. Here And There Tomorrow and Saturday Elward will be at the annual Big Ten meeting in Chicago. That winds up this week, but he starts all over again Monday as one of the principal speakers at the Notre Dame banquet at South Bend, then goes to Whiting Tuesday and follows immediately to Kiser high school at Dayton, Ohio, for still another banquet.
Deac says 1,000 of these pipes for your selection. H. G. "Deac" REISNER BOOK STORE
KAYWOODIE
FLAME-GRAIN BRIAR MEERSCHAUM ^2^ Well, there’s quite a buzz about this one in the clubs and tap-rooms—fellows who like their Kay woodies plain want to know what the Meerschaum does to this pipe— we certainly wouldn’t go to the trouble of putting the meerschaum in there, having to go all the way to Anatolia (Turkey to you) to get it, what with the War and everything, if it weren’t the finest material in the world in which to smoke tobacco. Protects the flavor. Keeps it mellow. The smooth mild smoke of this top-flight Kaywoodie will hoofX anybody’s I (D And for/ofl^r—well,Nthesmartcrowd’s all gone for it. Shown above. No. 14. KAYWOODIE COMPANY Rockefeller Center, New York and London
A pipe for every personality. SOUTHWORTH’S IN THE VILLAGE
Fingerprinting For Personal Identifkation Wilt Continue Over 60 students were fingerprinted today for the personal identification files of the FBI and local police. The work is being done by Alpha Phi Omega, scouting honorary, in the great hall of the Union, and they have taken approximately 200 student’s fingerprints already. This service is being done free between 9 and 12 a. m. and 1 to 5 p. m., and will continue through Friday. Students should take advantage of this opportunity. Howitzer Squad No. 3 Wins Annual Squad Competition Howitzer squad. No. 3, was successful in gaining first place in the annual howitzer squad competition this year. The squad is led by Barge Golding and Louis Aull. Second place went to squad No. 6. A total of eight squads participated. According to Captain Whistler all of the scores were very close.
John McCabe
V
. . . will speak to the riding club tonight at 9 o’clock. His subject will be “Why I Like American Saddle Horses.” Mr. McCabe is from Crawfordsville where he is engaged in the occupation of breeding hors^es. The meeting will be held in the Union Reception room and all interested are urged to attend. «The gathering is being held in connection with Union Week.
Fraternity Matmen CompleteTraining During the past four weeks, over 100 fraternity wrestlers have been getting into mat condition in the Fieldhouse wre^ling in preparation for the coming interfratemity wrestling meet. This week marks the final week for preparation in the mat art, and this week will be the last chance for fraternity -wrestlers to apply for the required five different training periods on the mat. Each -wrestler in the approachffignmeet must have completed five nestling training sessions to take part in the meet. Those who expect to wrestle in the meet must weigh in today or tomorrow between 4:00 and 6:30 p. m. on the intramural scales in the Fieldhouse basement. The nine weight divisions for the coming meet are as follows: 126, 128, 136, 146, 166, 165, 176, 185 pounds, and the unlimited heavyweight. A three pound lee-way is given to all wrestlers. Only one lad from a fraternity may enter a weight. A list of varsity wrestlers who will be ineligible for competition will be posted in the intramural bulletin board. Pairing for the matches will be posted on the I-M bulletin board and will appear in the Exponent Tuesday morning, December 12. The winning team will receive five participation points and the runner-up three. In addition to this, points will be given based upon the five week training period.
ARROW SHIRTS If -you prefer them.
Follow Arrow And You Follow The Style
Lord Kent
Walton
DATING TONIGHT? \ A/HEN you want to look your best tor an important date, no other article of apparel creates more the impression of immaculate attire than an Arrow white starched collar worn with a solid colored or striped Arrow neckband shirt. With any one neckband shirt you can vary the style of the collar to suit your mood or your girl friend. You'll like the smart appearance and economy of Arrow starched collars. See your dealer today regarding this high style 1940 fashion.
ARROWCOLLARS SHIRTS . . . TIES . . . HANDKERCHIEFS . . . UNDERWEAR
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
^iaidsuA. £JwixJL
By Robert J. Deckard “Suicide Schedule” was on the lips of avid Boilermaker football boosters last fall when the Riveter gridiron contingent inaugurated its “eight-ball” season, but when one peruses the Boilermaker basketball schedule for 1939-40, he will be convinced that Purdue’s net bubble is not so rosy-hued either and can easily be pricked. —fc— Right off the bat. Coach Piggy Lambert’s outfit will pile up against eight foes in successive home encounters within a three-week period, including five outstanding intersection engagements during the Christmas holidays . . . Then January 6 the hardwood sbuad stacks up against Northwestern, the first of 12 Big Ten conference opponents this year. —^fc— The holiday home schedule is one of the toughest ever assumed by any Purdue team .. . Southern California, runner-up in the Pacific Coast race, which was the only nonconference quintet to defeat Purdue last season, starts things off December 20. Washington State, another power in the Pacific Coast conference, follows the next night . . . And Oregon, Pacific Coast and NCAA champion, faces the Riveters on the 23rd . . . Southern Methodist and Rice, Southwest Conference leaders, take over the spotlight on the 27th and 28th, respectively. , —^fc— The complete schedule follows: Dec. 7—Western Illinois State Teachers, here. Dec. 11—DePauI, here. Dec. 13—Detroit, here. Dec. 20—Southern California, here. Dec. 21—Washington State, here. Dec. 23—Oregon, here. Dec. 27—.Southern Methodist, here. Dec. 28—Rice Institute, here. Jan. 6—Northwestern, there. Jan. 8—Ohio State, here. Jan. 13—Wisconsin, here. Jan. 15—Minnesota, here.
Pi K A Wins Inter-Frat
/
Swim; Kappa Sigs 2na Pi Kappa Alpha’s swimming team, winning a total of three first positions and a number of follow-up places collected 23 and one-half points to win the annual interfratemity swimming meet held in the Fieldhouse Wednesday evening. Kappa Sigma, with 17, points was second, Lambda Chi Al^iha, with 13 digits, third, and Beta Theta Pi completed the initial four with 12 points.
'Activities Bureau to Send Seniors Apfllkaiion Blanks For Personal Data Sheets Applications for personal data sheets are being sent out this week to seniors by the Activities Bureau. The Bureau is compiling and publishing these sheets. More than eight hundred seniors will receive these sheets, which may be used as applications for jobs. Exact reports of the qualifications of seniors for a job are included in the data given making it easier to contact a larger number of prospective employers. The sheets sell for $3.85 a hundred including the cost of the picture which is the same as that used in the Debris. The price has been slightly increased, so that seniors may receive free the out of their picture. Checks should be made out payable to the Activities Bureau.
Sigma Pi
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of William Mills, Peru, Ind., and Earl T. Menten, Chicago, 111.
Feb. 1(1—Indiana, there. Feb. 12—Chicago, there. Feb. 17—Illinois, here. Feb. 19—Michigan, there. Feb. 24—Wisconsin, there. Feb. 26—Iowa, here. Mar. 2—Indiana, here. Mar. 4—Illinois, there.
Gifts That Will Be Among His Prized Possesions
m.
Robes of fine, luxurious quality silk in the seasons best shades and patterns. Priced $4.95 to $9.75
A special assortment of luxurious neckwear chosen carefully from America's finest makers to give you ^something extra in a Xmas gift at a rare value. Price $.65 to 1.00
Here's a gift that is useful as well as delightful. Shirts that he would love to own. Gorgeous new colors and patterns. Priced $1.35 to $1.95
Silk Robes $4.95 to $9.75 Cloth and Leather Jackets $5.95 to $10.75 Sweaters, Zipper and Button $1.95 to $3.95 Shirts $1.35 to $1.95 Neckties .65 and $1.00 Belts 65 and $1.00 Pajamas $1.50 to $5.00 Hose 25- .35- .50 Mufflers $1.00-$1.50-$1.95 Gloves $1.00 to $2.95 NEW HATS $l,95-$2.95-$3.50 KING THE CLOTHIER LAFAYETTE, IND.
The medley relay was won by the Theta Xi trio, composed of Mansfield, Dangelnajer, and Jones, in the time of 1:49.2. Kappa Sigma took second and Phi Kappa Sigma third. Betas Win Relay The 200 yard relay was won by the representatives of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity. The Beta team consisted of Murray, Forthofer, Thompson, and Mcllwaine. The winning time for the 200 yard relay
was 1:62.2.
The Delta Chi fraternity placed first in the 100 yard back stroke with Ancher winning the century. The time was 1:14.5. Shimer, of Theta Chi, and Rosebrock, of Lambda Chi Alpha, finished second anij third, respectively. Alpha Tau Omega’s Wells won the 100 yard breast stroke in the time of 1:30. Miller, of Theta Tau took second, apd third place was a tie between Southmayd of Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and Gloyer, of Tau
Epsilon Phi.
In the 100 yard free style race, Sneed, of Pi Kappa Alpha, took first, followed by Kruck, Alpha Gamma Rho and Nielson, Sigma Nu. The winning time was 67.6. Fancy diving high points went to Luce, representing the Pi Kappa Alpha team. Second went to Decker, ,of Kappa Sigma, and in third place was Forthofer, of the Betas. The 220 yard free style was won by Krueck, of the Alpha Gamma Rho team in 2:32.4. Ancher, Delta Chi, and Iimsher, of Lambda Chi Alpha, followed him to the tape. Sneed, the high point man of the meet, taking the 50 yard free style in stride to the tune of 26.1, captured the initial spot in that race. Barth, Lambda Chi Alpha, and Wells of the AOTs took second and third, 1 espectively.
LEARN THE LATE DANCES By Enrolling in Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS TONIGHT 7:30 P. M. NO LESSONS GIVEN DURING SCHOOL VACATION. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6t]i and Ferry
USEFUL XMAS HINTS GIVE HIM A SET OF BLOCKS
NEW audacious this Hickok jewelry with his three initials in masculiae cut-out block letters.
SMART
is what he
\\ ill say when he receives this gift. Alligatoi-Grtp tic bar and collar bar m useful ash tray,
2THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, December 7, 1939
> r
'On Borrowed Time'
T
Taylor Holmes, one of the foremost actors of the American stage, will be starred in the role of “Gramps” in the Legitimate Theatre Corporation tour of the New York Critic’s prize-winning drama, “On Borrowed Time,” which will come to the Mars theatre Saturday, matinee and eve-
ning performances. ,
Recruiting Party Professors WHI speak
At History Conference Professor Richard Cordell, of the English department, and Professor Robert Phillips, of the history department, will speak before the 21st annual Indiana history conference Friday and Saturday, December 8
and 9, at Indianapolis.
Professor Cordell will speak on “Indiana Literature,” Friday, and Professor Phillips will speak on “Democracy and the Totalitarian State” at the Saturday noon lunch-
eon.
University will be host December 8 and 9 to a detachment of the 12th Observation Squadron, Air Corps, stationed at Fort Knox, Kentucky. Lt. F. L. Rivard, flying a V-1-6 autogiro, will be in charge of the party. The purpose of the visit will be to stimulate interest in recruiting for enlistment in the air corps. The party will be prepared to send anyone qualified and ready to join to Fort Knox for enlist-
ment.
The party will land at the University airport about 11 a. m., December 8. Questions will be answered, and applications for enlistment Avill be received beginning at the time of arrival, and ending before dark on the 9th, at which time the party will leave. Lt. Adolph Ivl. Wright, piloting the latest type observation airplane in the United States air corps, will be accompanied by- staff sergeant Atkinson, who is the non-commis-sioned officer in charge of recruiting ^ activities. Corporal Fairbrothers, creAV chief of the airplane, will also be with Lt. Wright. Lt. Richard D. Dick, also a member of the squadron, will make the trip in a Martin bomber, which was the flagship of the flight command“ed by Mhjpr Genei’al H. H^-A^nnld on his trip to AlaskaT'sFroral years ago. , .
USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
600 Welders Meet Today For Annual Trade Conference Welders, 600 strong, will gather on the campus today for the opening of the 15th annual conference on welding. Displays will be placed in the lobby of Michael Golden Shops and in the old forge shop. Additional space in the forge shop Avas necessitated by request for larger space by 16 companies. Company representatives will describe eqmpment during the morning—sossion. This afternoon there 'will be a number of talks by various authorities including R. T. Gillette, of the General Electric Company, on resistance welding, and Dr. E. G. Meiter, of the Employers Mutual Liability Insurance Company/on welding safety. This evening, methods for designing machine parts for welding construc-
the Purdue Exponent Service Director-v
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119’/z Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Dine
• Florists
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5e
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
tion will be described by K. L. Hansen, vice president of the Midwest Section American Welding Society. The conference will continue tomorrow night Avith a series of addresses and demonstrations.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Ushers and Police: The following police and ushers report in the Pieldhouse Thursday, December 7, at 5 :30 p. m. r P. L. Anderson, P. B. Anthony, N. Applebaum, M. Aronson, T. Axton, R. E. Bailey, W. B. Banker, T. Barto, R. O. Biedenweg, G. E. Blackburn, L. it. Braver, R. O. Briggs, W. E. Britt, B. J. Brock, L. Brock, J. R. Brown, J. S. Brown, Wm. Buffington, L. G. Bussell, M. Byelene, F. J. Bykowski, A. B. Carroll, W. R. Carson, M. Carter, J. R. Cary, I. H. Claseman, R. A. Claseman* Wm. Combs, W. Cook, E. H. Cooper, K. Correll, I.. D. Crumely, F. Danowski, J. J. Denzler, L. DeWitte, J. Dlckman, Wm. Donnelly, J. Borgi, E. Dose, E. R. Doty, J. A. Edwards, AVm. Eviston, F. Fijala, B. L. Fisher, J. E. Galvin, M. C. Gantz, A. V. Gaulkey, J. Green, R. R Green, B. E. Hagan, A. C. Harrasen, T. Hennis, N. Hill, J. Hillenbrand, J. A. Janish, L. vA. Johnson, R. K. Johnson. R. C. Joorfetz, Don Kemp, R. Kersey, T. P. Kieffer, Fred Kinder, C. G. Kjelberg, F. J. Krampe, D. Lowe, W. L. Leifheit, F. W. McCaffry, E. Mcllwain, K. C. McLaughlin, J. R. McMuftry, F. T. Mackiewicz, F. Meinke, L., E. T. Melton, J. H. Miller, P. Mitchell, F. Montague, A. Morningstar, R. J. Myers, Wm. Neff, E. O’Bryan, D. Ogiivie, J. Pence, P. L. Petrich, B. E. Petry, J. Petty, R. C. Potter, Wm. Powers, D. Rankin, J. W. Ridgeway, R. Riggs, R. son, V. Snyder, C. P. Sparks, R. L. StallH. Schurriacher, W. A. Seaborg,Wm. Shimer, G. Riley, A. N. Rossi, J. A. Rossi, J. Rush, G. Shulman, Walter F. Smith, F. Smithings, M. L. Stamm, R. Stephenson, W.
Stroyeck, W. J. Sumner, T. Tykocki, B. Van Aken, R. Vyverberg, E. J. Wadleigh, B. R. Warren, W. J. Waterhouse, P. .E. Wickburg, P. Winchell, J. Winchell, D. Winner, J. L. Wolfard, D. L. Yeager, E. B. Young, G. Alexander, J. Poster, C. Fredericks, H. Fuente, T. A. Harris, J. Hebbeler, R. Lane, R. Lucht, F. Ruggeri, 0. A. Siler, N. Willey. —SANDERS. Union Sophomores. New browsing room staff please report outside Union office. Those expected are Knight, Starek, Alberton, Graf, Miller, Starkey, Fellows, Reifers, Evans, Bachelder, Todd, and Trexler. 1—HAMMAN.
Reamers: All members return unsold tickets and money to me by Monday, December 11. —HITCHCOCK.
Sigma Delta Chi: Pledges'meet in the office at 8:30 p. m. Friday, December 8, for skit parts. All must cornel —McKEE.
be an important staff meeting of- all members, interviewers, and officers at 4 :80 p.'m. Thursday, December 7. —BREUER. Debris Salesmen: Important meeting Thursday, December 7, at 4 p. m. in room F of the Union. —McLEAN.
Riding Club: Important meeting Thursday, December 7, in the r-eceptipn room of' the Union. The meeting will be held after the basketball game. John McGabe will be the guest speaker. —MEYER.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting in Agriculturist office of Union Friday, December 8, at 4 :30 p. m. —SHICKEL.
Student Senate: Please come to Senate office and sign the hours during which you can work at the election, Tuesday, December 12. —ESTEY.
Cary Club, SCA Members: Find seats on south side of playing floor at basketball games Thursday, December 7, and Monday, December 11. —BOHLIN, BREWER. GE 35: Examination for removal of C grades in Machine Shop, GE 35, will be ’ given Saturday,' December 18, room 101, Golden Shops. Students taking examination wijl register in room 109 before Friday, December 15. —OWEN. Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting Saturday, December 9, at 4:16 p. m. in the old Ag office of the Union. Program. —MILLER. All Horticulture Students: The horticulture banquet will be held Thursday, December 7, at 6 p. m. in the Home Economics cafeteria. Get your free tickets from the Horticulture office immediately. You will get out in time for the basketball game. —PRANTZREB.
SAE Members: All who want to go to Indianapolis on Thursday afternoon, December 14, should sign up immediately on the SAE bulletin board in the basement of the ME building. Plan to go to the International Harvester engine plant in the afternoon and the Indiana section SAE meeting at night. Anyone with a car is especially welcome. —CAHILL.
Seniors: Personnel Data Sheets are available at the Activities Bureau office for .$8.86 a-hundred. Seniors are urged to take advantage of this streamlined way of impressing employers. (12-16) —BREUER. , YWCA Cabinet: Cabinet meeting Friday, December 8, in office at 4 p. m. No meeting Thursday because of Charm School. —COOLEY.
Kappa Delta Pi; All KDP members who plan to attend the Christmas party Tuesday, December 12, should sign up in Miss McFarland’s office. There will be a 10c gift exchange. —NEAL.
WAA Volleyball: Thursday, December 7, at 4 o’clock: Ward 2 vs. Ward 4; West Hall A vs. Alpha Chi Omega; 4:46 o’clock, Thaeles vs. Alpha Xi Delta; South Hall vs. West Hall C. Friday, December 8, 4 o’clock: North Hall vs. West Hall C; Ward 3 vs. Ward 4 ; West Hall A vs. Chi Omega.
Eta 'Kappa Nu: Chicago bus leaves the north entrance of the EE building at 6 a. m. Friday, December 8. —KEEN.
University Choir: Compulsory University Choir rehearsal at 4:30 Thursday, December 7, in Fowler Hall. .—THORNTON.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershpff, 60S Main street.
YWCA Settlement House Committee: Short meeting Thursday, December 7, at 4 p. m. in YW office. All interested in this work, please be there. —SCHWAB.
RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.60. All night.
Activity Bureau Sophomores; There Will
FOR RENT—Large double room near Fieldhouse. Outside entrance. Phone 66083.
MARS — ONE DAY. ONLY— SATURDAY, DEC. 9 MATINEE AND NIGHT JSew York Stage Success
Starring TAYWi HOLliES and an excellent cast including BRANDON TOMMY PETERS • LEWiS-FMNCiS "The best comedy I've seen in years." —GEO. M. COHAN A STAGE PLAY— NOT A PICTURl
Box Office Open Daily 11:00 A. M. to 9:00 P. M.
ADM
Mat. $.55 $.83 $1.10 $1.65 Eve. $.83 $1.10 $1.65 $2 $2.50 — Tax Included —
All Seats Reserved
Phone 7903
300 MATINEE SEATS at 55c
'OLD AGE INSURANCE ” for Your Shirts! . . . that's what our "Dated Laundered Shirt" guarantee amounts to. It means your shirt is insured" a full year when laundered exclusively by us. A new one, if it wears out before then. More "SOCIAL SECURITY" ... is yours when you wear a suit that's been CROWN cleaned. Our more careful CROWN process restores the immaculate appearance and smart tailored lines your garment had'when it was brand new. CROWN dry cleaning is your sure-fire "passport" to social correctness ... always. \ , ■ Insured Mofh Proofing FINE C L E AN E R S O F FI N E CLOTH E S
Will Adore this 18th Century Charm!
‘.'f
Keefisake Box complete $200
iDusling Powder
EARLY AUERICAK
ied.
Highlight your most gala moods with these deUjgfatful toiletries inspired by Elrly American belles. Superb quality, quaint, treasure-type boxes, enchanting Old Spice fragrance 1
The Early A merican Assemblage includes; Guest Soap . 6 cakes . . . $1.00 Toilet Soap . 3 cakes . > , 1.00 Bath Soap . . 3 cakes • • • 1.50 Toilet Water . 4 oz. . • . , 1.00 Oval Dusting Powder , 1.50 Vanity Box, complete . . . , 3.50 Toilet Water, hand decorated bot. S.OO Perfume, hand decorated bottle . 7.00
dtoe/ibL LOEB&HENSCaMWa<Y
He’s Here Again Do Your Xmas Shopping Early Merchants are ready with the finest display of Christmas merchandise ever assemhled. The streets are ablaze with colorful lights—the shops decked in gay holiday attire. The whole city is transformed into a festival of merry making. This is a picture of Lafayette. Do your shopping in Lafayette before going home Christmas. PATRONIZE LOCAL MERCHANTS