SHSf
■ . ;f- « ^ ^ , )^’l'pfK f^ ^ r, fr 1 y^ i~,j- -*■^1 -T»V*>/if/*f*-'4-«^>^Uf^>^4?i««<'-‘'2^* ^ , . i'' ' "g^
w-
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY M<xy S. 1938 lofayefte, Sodfoita VOL 49 No. 171
Ml
i
28 Groups T 0 Present Greek Sing T'«<renty-ei'ght organizations have already signed for the University Sing to be held on the oval at 6:30 Saturday as a feature of the Mothers’ Day festivities. ■ Walter Whitworth, musical critic on the Indianapolis News, and Bomar Cramer, one of the leading pianists of the state will be the judges. Although a certain percentage of the membership of competing organizations is not required, the judges will take the turn-out in- , to consideration in making their decisions. The three men’s groups judged the best and the three highest ranking co-ed organizations will be given appropriate medals. These six organizations will also give a concert in the music room Sunday, May 8 at 4 p. m. Microphones will not be used this year, according to Ted Cabonargi, Union vice-president in charge. Mortar Board Gallop To Honor Pledges, May 13 5 Roy Maxon, former trombonist with Paul Whiteman’s band will play for the annual Gingham Gallop May 13 at 9 o’clock in the Union ballroom. The dance, the last co-ed bid of the year, is sponsored by Mortar Board, national senior women’s scholastic and activity honorary, and will be in honor of the 1938-1939 pledges who will be announced Saturday. Informality will be the rule with all co-eds wearing short dresses. Members of Mortar Board may be identified by the white dresses and plaid gingham jackets which they will wear. Tickets priced at one dollar are on sale at the Union desk and at the seven sorority houses. Jeanne Janousek is chairman of the committee in charge which is composed of Betty Ann Stewart, Dorothy Bryant, Jean Small, Elizabeth Pyke, and Dorothy Martenet. Foresters Plan Field Day At Cary Camp May 21 Purdue’s Forestry Club will hold its annual field day Saturday, May 21, at Cary Camp. During the afternoon there will be inter-class competition in dendrology contests, compass line contests, and various track and field events. The Spencer Award, given to the outstanding senior for the second semester, viH be presented Charles Walters for his outstanding work in Forestry Club activities, scholastic work, and personality. Tickets will go on sale today at 4 o’clock, price is 20 cents. Various members of the Forestry Club will have tickets, or they may be obtained by calling Don F. Bline. Thomas Wolfe To Talk At Literary Banquet^ Thomas Wolfe, young author of best sellers “Look Homeward Angel,” and “Of Time and the River” will be guest speaker at the allcampus literary banquet May 19 at 6:30 in the Union ballroom. Tickets, which are 75 cents, are on sale today at Deac’s, Southworth’s, Decker’s and in the English office in the Unversity HalL Manuscripts must be turned in to this office by May 12.
Indiana Weather
Sky Dancers Perform Before Thrill-Seeking Audience
Crying children, searching mothers, distracted traffic cops, miles of parked cars and craning necks—■ this was downtown Lafayette last night when Betty and Benny Fox famous sky-dancers did the Big Apple 200 feet above the sidewalk. Two “big-time” co-ed reporters sipped cold coffee as they waited for the famous pair to occupy their reserved table in the colonial room of Wheeler’s. At last a burly policeman cleared the way through Jthe closely packed crowd outside the restaurant for a small dark, tired-looking man. Explaining that his blonde partner had returned to the hotel to get ready for their engagement at the Avalon later on in the evening, Benny wearily sat down and was served a pineapple soda. Get Autographs Hardly had the interview started when the restaurant door opened and a crowd of grade-school children streamed in and up the stairs to obtain their “hero’s” autograph. There must have been 300 -of the hero-worshippers when the manager
finally succeeded in ejecting them, after explaining that both stunt artists would distribute autographed pictures free today at Wilson’s jewelry store. After safely passing through this emergency, Benny willingly answered ^11 questions posed by the scribes. ^ “Every day I practice and take regular gymnastic training like any boxer or football player,” he explained. A special dietician travels with the troup of 14 to prepare the food. , Knows 7 Languages Although he never'attended a day of school in his life, Benny can speak, read and write seven different languages, which he picked up while traveling in Europe with foreign circus troupes. June 11 the dancers will leave for the Paris Exposition where they will give two shows daily for six weeks. Benny appeared much interested in Purdue and said in parting, “I hope that when you finish school you won’t have to be a skydancer.”
Newly Elected PIA Board Appoints Memtiers To Fill Open Positions Five newly elected members of the Purdue Independent Association board met recently and, with the cooperation of this year’s board, appointed six additional PIA members to board positions.
A new position, that of executive advisor, was created for R. D. Maby, defeated candidate for the PIA presidency. Maby tied with D. K. Wells, president, in the first vote taken but lost by a wide margin of 27 votes, 98 to 125, when the students went to the polls to cast the second and deciding ballot. Cites Ability The new position was suggested by a board member who cited that Maby’s ability and experience would be of assistance during the coming year. Maby will be the 13th member of the PIA board. The other board members appointed, and their respective positions, are K. T. Hilberg, men’s activity chairman; Jane Myers, women’s activity chairman; A. R. Fowler, mein’s social chairman; Ruth Renfroe, women’s social chairman; C. E. Dixon, political chairman;
and J. E. Hinshaw, campaign chairman. ^ Install Members All members of the new PIA board will be installed at the PIA annual dinner tomorrow night at 6:30 in the cafeteria of the Home Economics Building. Prof. J. W. Robinson, of the University history, government, and economics department, will be the main speaker at the dinner. After the dinner, Paul Barker and his orchestra will play for the annual PIA spring formal dance in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Tickets for the banquet, limited to 150 and priced at 50 cents each, may be obtained from PIA members or at the PIA office. Membership cards will admit members to the dance.
Pledges Carry Variety Of Insignia During Spring Probation Period
Forecast for Indiana: Showers and thunderstorms Thursday. Friday, generally fair southwest, mostly cloudy east and north. Yesterday’s Temperatures: Lbw, 66; high, 84; mean, 75.
By Sally McKee “Fishy, fishy in a bottle,” those gorgeous yellow sash and companion bones, the Ehrlemeyer flasks of .100 N dichromate solution—^if that’s education—? Well, perhaps it’s not education, but it is “college”—and it’s the honorary side of college; it might be called the dessert of college, though it may not always seem pleasant. Seven' forty-five each morning will find Gimlets singing “Hail Purdue”—swing, jazz, classical, anything you want—^while Skull and Crescent pledges, with sashes and bones, assemble on “Hello Walk.” Gaudy pink and blue boutonnieres decorate the Phi Lambda Upsilon pledges as their more jovial brothers carry Catalyst’s chromate solution. Carry Wooden Guns The alert carriage and military bearing of the cutlass and wooden gun carriers show without a doubt that they are pledges to military honoraries—Scabbard and Blade, and Zouaves respectively. Gone with initiation are the golden green peppers of the Gold Pepper pledges, the masks of the Silver Mask fencers, and the fireman’s cap and gloves of Pi Tau Sigma. Gimlets wear a screw on their sweater fronts, and the Reamers were carrying a reamer. The toters of the half propellers are the more air-minded of our fellows of the Flying Club, Those carrying the little gold fish, and wearing the huge wooden fish which swing across their shoulders are the acquatic Dolphin Olub pledges.
Purdue Mothers' Program To Include Union Luncheon, Tea, May Queen Coronation
Mothers'Day Luncheon To Feature Style Show Co-eds will model costumes of 25 years ago along with modern campus clothes in the style show to be the feature of the Mothers’ Day Banquet in the Union ballroom at 12:30 Saturday. Tom Sheets, Union president will be toastmaster at the luncheon that has been planned by the three Union co-ed vice-presidents. Mrs. Oakel F. Hall, chairman of the Mothers’ Day Committee, will introduce other committee members and deans of the University. Musical selections by the University Choir under the direction of A1 Stewart, and a talk by University comptroller, R. B. Stewart, will complete the program. Contrast Wardrobes Several co-eds will parade across the ballroom stage modeling classroom, dance, tea and sport dresses and bathing and gym suits of 25 years ago each followed by another co-ed modeling an item from the ideal co-ed wardrobe of today. Eleanor Turner is selecting coeds to model the dresses which were collected by Mrs. Cooley. Frank Whitmore.,
And so on ... if you are skillful, you can often make a “satisfying touch” on these pledges. Most of them are carrying candy and tobacco in those cigar boxes. Dr. Elliott Accepts Toastmaster's Job President E. C. Elliott announced his acceptance of- the position as toastmaster for the inspection banquet to be held in the Memorial Union Ballroom at 7:30 Thursday night. May 12, following the review and inspection in the afternoon. Dr. Elliott will introduce the visiting state and military dignitaries here for the occasion. Major General W. E. Cole, commander of the Fifth Corps Area, and Lt. Governor H. F. Schricker of Indiana will also attend. The Albert M. Smith sabers, the Franklin L. Cary cups, and the Scabbard and Blade best soldier awards will be presented to winners at the banquet by Dean A. A. Potter, Prof. F. C. Hockema, and Prof. L. M. Sears. Tickets for the banquet will go on sale this morning and c^in be obtained from any member of the Cadet Officers Luncheon Committee. An attempt has been made by the military department to invite all reserve officers connected with the University to the banquet. Captain B. F. Hayford of the military department asks all who have not received invitations to procure tickets frbm his office.
. .. will be the speaker at the mee— ing of the American Chemical Society tonight at 7:30. The meeting will be held in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building instead of the Chemical Building as was formerly announced. Dr. Whitmore, who is national president of the American Chemical Society, will discuss “Hydrocarbons,” emphasizing recent developments in the utilization of wasted materials. ^ He will illustrate his talk with lantern slides. At 6 p. m. this evening Dr. Whitmore will be honored at a dinner in the Union Building. Binnie, Miers Win Ceres Essay Contest Bob Binnie, Ag ’39, and Morgan Miers, Ag ’41, were declared winners in the Ceres essay contest, according to an announcement made last night by Prof. F. E. Robbins of the agronomy department. The agricultural honorary judged the entries at a meeting on Monday night. Binnie submitted the “most outstanding essay” in the upperclassmen’s division, while Don Paarlberg, Ag ’40, received the second place award. Miers was declared the winner in the freshman division of the contest, with John Stewart as runner-up. Robbins stated that about 26 essays were submitted in both divisions.
Dr. Gerard To Speak At Marital Lecture The last senior women’s marital lecture will be given tonight at 8:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union Building by Dr. Ralph Gerard, a practicing physician of Chicago and connected with the University of Chicago. He will talk to the group on “Marriage from a Man’s Point of View.” The series of four lectures for women only are sponsored by WSGA and have been arranged by Dorothy Martenet, former vicepresident. Mothers ’ Program Saturday, May 7 10:30 a. m.—Style Show in Home Economics Auditorium. 12:30 p. m.—Luncheon and program in the Union ballroom. 3:30 p. m.—Musicale sponsored by WSGA in Union ballroom. 4:30 p. m.—Union Reception and Tea in main lounge of the Union Building. 5:30 p. m.—Dinner hour. 6:30 p. m.—University Sing on the Oval, (in case of rain. Union ballroom). 7:30 p. m.—Crowning of University May Queen at Sing. 9:00 p. m.—Mothers’ Day Mixer in Union ballroom. Sunday, May 8 8:30 a. m.—Breakfast in faculty lounge. 9:30 a. m.—YWCA convo in Fowler Hall. 11:00 a. m.—Religious services in Lafayette and West Lafayette churches. Special tours of the campus will be conducted, starting from the Union Building at 1 o’clock. Landladies Please Note Rooming house proprietors who plan to have rooms for rent during the summer session should take advantage of Exponent classified ad service. In the special four page supplement to next Saturday’s paper will be the ideal place to place such an insertion. Landladies can leave their ads at the Union desk or can bring them to the Exponent office at 312 North Fifth street. Bridge Tonight To Decide Champions Tonight will mark the final session of the all-campus bridge tournament starting at 7 o’clock in the Union game room. Although the tournament championship was decided last week when the Purple, Green and Gold team finished in the top flight, tonight’s session will allow the two highest teams to play for the campus championship. No prizes will be awarded, but keys have been ordered for individual members of winning teams in both brackets. 'Tins of cigarettes will be awarded members of pairs and teams who placed first in either bracket during any session of the tournament, aimounqed Gordon Matthews, chairman, last night. W. R. Allen.,, . . . personnel director for L. S. Ayres Co., Infiianapolis, will speak to seniors this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the lecture room of the Eduea- ' tion Building on “How to Secure Employment.”
LouiseBain,CourtToBe Presented During Sing Crowning of the May Queen, Louise Bain of Danville, will be the feature of the May Day program for Mothers’ Day. The Queen and her court will be honored during the first part of the University Sing Saturday evening with the crowning taking place about 7:30 p. m. Members of the court include Margaret Richey and Lorna McLeod of Kappa Kappa Gamma, Elizabeth Pyke, Dorothy Martenet and Mary Alice Masters of Kappa Alpha Theta, Jeanne Janousek of Chi Omega, and Betty Ann Stewart and Mary Jean Light of Pi Beta Phi. Selection of girls in the court was based on their activities, scholarship and beauty. The queen will wear an all-white chiffon gown fashioned with a square neck-line, shirred bodice and an accordian pleated skirt. Her crown will be made of white gardenias. The gowns of the court ladies will be of the same pattern as that of the queen’s, but will be made of pastel-colored chiffon. The May Day Committee in charge of arrangements for the crowning is headed by Jeanne Janousek, with (Continued on page 4) Speech Students Will Be Honored At Dinner May 20 Speech department’s recognition party for student achievement, the Stage-Stump-Studio banquet will be held Friday, May 20, in the Home Ec dining room at 6 p. m. This affair is an annual get-together for all students active in the three fields of extra-curricular speech— dramatics, debate, and radio. “An outstanding guest speaker from out of state will be on the program along with the annual awards for achievement,” announced Playshop Director Kenn Carmichael last night. Student committee heads for the annual invitational affair are Hank Miller, program; Louis Juillard, publicity; Wyne Milne, business; Jean Small arrangements; and Betty McRee, invitations. Miss McKee is general chairman'for the event. Modem Dancing Group Will Entertain Mothers Modern dance club, directed by Miss Helen B. Knight of the women’s physical education department will present a theme and variations of Mordoff’s arrangement of Stephen Foster’s “O, Susanna” at the WSGA mothers’ day program at 3:30, Saturday afternoon in the Memorial Union ballroom. The following girls are members of the dance group: Martha Brown, Ann Sickman, Janice Meldohl, Barbara Gibbs, Dorothy Newman, Canolyn Singer, Margaret Miteb^, Catherine Cooley, Mary F. 01iv«r» Margaret McBride, Mary Lowso Hickman, Lucy Demoret, and Louise Harry.
Exponent Board Exponent’s^ electoral board—senior officers and faculty members— will meet in the Agricultural Experiment Station conference room promptly at 4:80 p. uu Tbun^, Mays.
'.j
%
I
M-'-k
^dihfdoL
THE PURDOE EXPONENT
diunuA.
Thtiradoy. May S. 1938
Jhe £diiDh ScufA:
4i
Follow Through.
. . . with your body. Keep your eye on the ball. Aim at the bullseye. Jog with the horse— one, two, one, two ” These commands apply to women’s physical education classes, which instruct and grade co-eds in golf, swimmingX^ archery, tennis, and group sports. The same grades, H, A, B, P, C, D, I, as are gh en to students of math and English classify girls after they have struggled through a semester's work of physical education. The point to consider: should women students be graded in physical education classes as they are rated
in academic classes ?
There are strong arguments for not giving the usual marks in gymnasium classes. A grade of P or B iPay keep a girl from achieving the distinguished student requirement of 5.0. Or a low grade may prevent a co-ed from keeping her scholarship, which furnishes her with
a college education.
^ Grades seem difficult to determine in physical education classes because previous training can be an asset or a liability. Having played basketball or volleyball, a girl may receive an H or A because she is skilled in that particular sport Also the fact that a co-ed has had previous experience with swimming or tennis allows her to show little improvement. As a result she receives a low grade, because she displays little interest in a sport in which she is
already proficient.
How can a woman student be graded in the course known as rest gym ? Dressing in a gymnasium suit and lying on a couch for 40 minutes are the activities of co-eds who are not physically fit to participate in the regular training. We are not questioning the benefits of this course for frail girls, but we are wondering on what the final grades are based. Under the present system a girl may put forth great effort towards a sport in which she IS interested, only to receive a low grade due to unforseen circumstances. As a result of the low grade and its effect on her scholarship average, the girl becomes discouraged. Eventually she may come to dislike the sport, just because she received a P or C. This instance shows that the present system of grades does not stimulate interest in sports, which is of the low grade and its effect on her scholarquired physical education for women. Our answer to all these problems is to give the women students marks of Satisfactory or Unsatisfactory rather than the grades that are not in use. We feel this change would be helpful, for the grades of U and S would not be counted in the scholarship index. Also working for the grades would promote genuine interest in a sport and prevent despair on the part of interested co-eds.
the Purdue Exponent
HCMeen
fhMomted
F-—
Entered as second class matter at the i>oBt office In tAfarette, Indiana, under the act of Consrress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage iMrorlded for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, antherixed Jan. 20, 1922. Published dailr except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions 88 per year; by mail $8.60.
Editor-In-Chlrf
R. P. Manion
PUBUCATION STAFF
Managing Editor J. B. Brock Editor's Secretary-.. Miurgaret Sawyer Associate Editors D. A. BaSey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanhai^, D. B. Vance Sophomore Assurtaats—^R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick,
K. C. Houston, R. Eb Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. ICroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. 'Torrence, J. C.
WoodMin
Editor Associate Editors
CO-ED STAFF Elizabeth Fyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Assistants—Pat Heniy, Geoigann Schilling, Kay Thrashei, Betty Wickard, Joan Wimborough, Thelma Goodman, Ruth Rose, Mary Burtsfield, Janet Pickeimg, Marian Johnson Spoits Editor-—Helen Steffee
MAIN OFFICE 812 N Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5637 Business Phone 5038
Night Editor—Donna Bailey Issue Editor—Joy Johnson Thursday, May 5, 1938
sen to represent the ideal college co-ed, taking into consideration social traits, as well as activies and scholarship. Other qualifying senior
women usually form her court.
Wellesley students elect a “Tree Day” Queen to preside over the annual Tree Day ceremonies. Vassar holds similar ceremonies, while Earlham, representing co-educational colleges, features a large May Day celebration every fourth year. The University of North Dakota holds a fete in the middle of May which draws
hundreds of visitors.
At Purdue the Queen is chosen by an impartial board composed of junior activity students and faculty members and the coronation ceremonies are held in connection with the
Mothers’ Day festivities.
This year to eliminate an ornate pageant the ceremony of coronation will be performed during the University Sing in order that a maximum number of people may attend.
Why A May Queen?
Why a May Queen is a frequent question on most campuses. The May Queen is usually cho-
Many persons have inquired about the significance of this custom which has become a part of campus life at both girls’ schools and co-educational universities and colleges. We hope to have answered some of these questions. —B. J. W,
collegiate
When asked what salai’y they hoped to be making in five years, Manhattan’s Columbia College seniors replied that they were expecting $5,000 a year. Even more important, if they should happen to be cast upon a lonely desert island, they would choose blonde cinemactress Madeleine Carroll for company. The scholarly reason her ability to speak French. C—C—C An honor system is maintained at Antioch College in Yellow Springs, O , and it really works. Students may take their examinations to their rooms with them, or in the middle of a test decide they need a coke and walk out, returning when they are refreshed. C_C—C Bill McGovern of Northwestern could easily be judged one of the most popular professors m the U. S. He came back from China in
Februaiy and caused a commotion with his Chinese otter coat and hat and Chinese “alley cat” fur gloves. Also he goes to teas in a frock coat, stuped trouseis, blue shirt and yellow shoes; weais the same shoes to the opera. Because the University forbids smoking in classrooms, students fight to be in his classes which are held in his home.
makes the slightest mistake of deed 01 word seem a mighty social jnountain; while a calm, easy hostess will quickly clear up the spilled drink and making it seem a triviality The guest on his side, simply should be sorry, not effusively apologetic Neither should he try to hide his mistake, but should give his hostess an opportunity to repair the damage.
What, Where, When?
Be particularly careful of setting down moist glasses A tiay will undoubtedly be provided for them; but until it is, don’t risk marring furn^iture by putting a wet glass down.
A slip, a spill—^it is embarrassing to drop a piece of sandwich or to spill a drop of cocktail; but accidents will happen, and ease must be the catchword of their success. A mistake can be turned into a social success by the grace and ease with which it IS met. The hostess figures in the step too. A nervous, flighty hostess
ARC
TODAY—FRI.—SAT.
MTTER OF THE ROCKIES
-A GRAND NATIONAL PICTURE
—ALSO— “PAINTED STALLION” No. 8 -PLUSSCRAPPY CARTON
MAM
SATURDAY ONLY
PresentsJi. ill
EM m\ Papm ^ ^STARRING
A BEDTIME STORY:
Once upon a time there was a little girl She had many boy friends to whom she always answeied “Yes” when asked if she loved them This went on for many years, and she finally died an old maid. Moial Don’t love eveiybody. Leave that to Daddy Biowning! Specialize'
MOTTOES... Penny-pinchei Siebenthal “Backward, turn backward, O dime in thy flight ” Apple-polisher Beriy: “Won’t you explain it to me alone?” Worried Faculty: “When is the younger generation coming to?” Egotistical McGhee: “An I for an I.” Kappa Sig Invitation “Come one, come oiled ”
We hear that A1 Kienly has launched his ship in the business world and is selling candy and cigars to his pm-pushmg Phi Psi brothers Right now that commission he’ll get foi selling candy to Johnny Walkey foi the clamoring Pi Phis looks pietty good
The girl I left behind me I think of night and day If she should evei find me There would be hell to pay.
Highei education is profitable— proof of this IS found m the plans of two female orgamc chemistry
M AT N
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
— with — ROD LAROCQUE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
From all obvious indications the leading lady in “Of Thee I Sing” will be humming a wedding march before long. The ring makes the affair look very definite, and it is rumored that August is the month.
Request: The 3 o’clock ROTC class requests that sun worshippers of Kappa Kappa Gamma refrain from taking their daily exposure at 3 o’clock. The girls, especially the blonde in a white satin swim suit, are proving a definite menace to class maneuver^.
“All right, we wn’t argue about his being President— but I won't let him serve more than two terms!”
students. After learning that hydrogen cyanide was used in the fumigation of ships to kill rats, the girls are wondering if it could be used successfully on two such campus rats as Acacia’s Blickenstaff and Kuhn.
nity pins these spring days, will out—or something.
Love
Note found on Drama 19 term paper: “Dear sir, I know this writing is very poor; but if you were in as big a hurry as I am, you’d write awful too.”
BITS OF ADVICE FOR PICNICS: 1. Take a flashlight. It is most disturbing to step on people in the dark while strolling around Happy Hollow. 2. Be sure to include blankets and pillows in your picnic equipment. A blanket of stars may cover you, but it doesn’t make the ground underneath any softer.
Betty Klein, Sarah Saint, Martha Place, Mary Huffine and Tot McQueen are wearing additional bits of jewelry in the form of frater-
FAMOUS LAST LINE—“Will you join me in a cup of coffee You get in first!”
and how it grew and grew!
In 1891 this writing desk type telephone was installed in a Long Island general store. It was a good telephone, but it could be connected with only a part of the Bell System’s 250,000 telephones in the country at that time. Service was slow and expensive. Year by year this strange looking telephone, with a more modern transmitter and receiver substituted from time to time, grew in usefulness as the Bell System grew longer in reach— shorter in time needed for making connections —higher in quality of service—lower in cost. In 1937 "old faithful’’ was retired to hecome a museum exhibit, but 15 mil- ^ ^ modern Bell telephones "carry on.**
HELL TliLEI'lIONE SYSTEVI
iThursday# May 5# 1938
THE PUBDUE
§hfi^iA.
EXPONENT
llabash iefeats Purdue, 3-0
Boilermakers Obtain Six Hits But Lack
Punch To Score Runs When Needed
Purdue’s baseball squad was defeated 3-0, at Crawfo^sville 3te] " - , . ^
yesterday afternoon by a much improved Wabash nine. Earlier in the season the Boilermakers downed the Little Giants by the score of 6-2, to christen their new playing field porth of the Fieldhouse.
Although the Boilermakers made six hits compared to two Wabash hits, they lacked that final punch to score which they had so ably demonstrated in previous games. Mangas, Purdue pitcher, went the full route striking out five men and allowing but two hits while his opponent, Davis, struck out two men and allowed six hits.
Hits Triple
During the first four innings neither team threatened to score. In the fifth inning Cooney, Wabash second baseman hit a triple with
'^JuUwjtL
PALM BEACH
goes to a party
'h
'^4
When you attend your next evening affair, look around and notice how Palm Beach dominates the party. • They are cooler, lighter and airier than any garments yet devised for Sununer wear. Their initial crispness never changes from the first downbeat to the homeward trek. And they have a cleancut, well-bred smartness that rivals the best productions of the custom craftsman.
Try on one of the new evening suits today and prove it for yourself . . . shown in single and double breasted with Black Tux Trousers.
$20.00
DEWENTER’S
416 Main Street
due squad making two hits out of four times at bat.
Gruca, 3b 1 1 Long, rf 3 1
Play Chicago Saturday.
Totals 26
two out. However the next man up grounded out to the pitcher for the final out. The sixth inning was Boilermaker’s Waterloo as a combination of a walk, single, and a double error by Hearne and Vernon brought in two runs and put Rhodes on third. He later came home on a fielder’s choice. During the rest of the game neither team scored, as Wabash was content to successfully protect its three run lead against a vain Boilermaker rally. Machiewicz, Pqrdue’s star third baseman, was the outstanding performer for the Pur-
Purdue will tackle Chicago’s Big Ten leaders here on Saturday afternoon in an attempt to get back into the win column, and gain first place in the Big Ten title race. In this game Coach Fehring plans to use Arnold Bredewater, who has allowed only two runs in 24 innings in his two Big Ten victories this year.
Lineup and box score:
Wabash AB. Rhode, ss 4 Hester, If 3 Jones, cf 3 Hanscorn, lb 3 Davis, p 3 Cooney, 2b 3 Marciniak, c 3
R. 1
H. 0
Purdue AB. Hearne, 2b 4 Dean, rf ( 4 Dickinson, cf 4 Mackiewicz, 3b 4 Vernon, If 3 Thompson, ss 3 Doan, lb 0 X Lyboult 1 Mihal, lb 2 McAfee, c 3 Mangas, p 3
R. 0
H. 0
0
Totals 31
X Batted for Mihal in the 8th.
Score by inning:
RENT-A-CAR Phone 6455 Reimers Drive Yourself System# Inc. ' 314 N. Fourth Street
^ For the Scandalaugh of
Your lAte^see
Scandalicious CARdlLE
Jm
hombard
•ad Scandalightful FEMNAND
Qravet
Voolsfor Scandal
with Scandalarious
RALPH BELLAMY
ALLEN JENKINS • ISABEL JEANS MARIE WILSON . MARCIA RALSTON A MERVYN LEROY PRODUCTION Presented by WARNER BROS
MARS
TODAY - FRI.
L 4
FOR THE PERFECT LUNCH
■3'M
"-r t A
....
yi
'•••W*, V.W
.1 ~ '
’ _j
Milk—the ideal food. Drink it with every meal to provide ^energy and make the meal really complete.
SUNSHINE FARMS
IntramuTols
Greek Tbinlies
CLASS ‘B’ DOUBLES TENNIS Today—4:15
Will Complete
Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Delta Chi. Kappa Delta Rho vs. Delta Tau Delta. Sigma Nu vs. Kappa Sigma. Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Delta Upsilon. Phi Pi Phi vs. Triangle. Theta Xi vs. Beta Sigma Psi.
Track Meet Today
Staging of the last half of the interf ratemity track meet will keep the fraternity thinlies busy this afternoon as the Lambda Chis, who managed to score 11 points in the first half of the meet, strive to bold their own against a closely matched field.
CLASS “A” DOUBLES
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Nu or Pi Kappa Alpha.
FRESHMAN VARSITY TENNIS Today—4:15
Immediately behind the Phi Gamma Deltas are the Phi Sigma Kappas with a total of seven and onehalf points. The rest of the field is bunched close behind with the SAE,| ATO/ and the Beta’s winning five points each.
Purdue 000 000 000—0 6 Wabash 000 003 OOx—3 2
Broberg vs. Goerss. Powel vs. Anderson. Brinduse vs. Goebel.
The events to be run off this afternoon are ‘ 220 yard dash, javelin, broad jump, high jump, two mile, 220 low hurdles, half mile, and the quarter mile relay.
BASEBALL—TODAY
Triangle . • .
Diamond 1— Ward 4 vs. Ward 5. 2— ^Ward 12 vs. Ward 3. 4—Ward llA vs. Ward 17X. 8—Ward 2A vs. Cary Hall 4. ^ 9—Ward 11 vs. Cary Hall 1. 10—Cary Hall 6 vs. Ward 2X.
. . . fraternity announces the pledgin gof R. G. Massey, Dundee, HI.; A. D. Johnson, Newark, N. J.; D. C. Reed, Batesville; J. W. Wise, Dayton, O.; J. D. Fisher, Beloit, Wis.; F. L. Granger, Benton Haiv bor, Mich.
Tailored by Goodall PALM BEACH From The Genuine Cloth
HAYS lEWELHY COMPANY East of Sqora Fine Jewelry czt Moderate Prices
The New Palm Beach Suits
Men are talking about "soft tailoring” ...but Palm Beach deserves credit for inventing comfortable, unlined, unpadded clothes. The new lounge models are masterpieces of the British Drape school...with broader shoulders, slimmer waists, a trimmer look, a smarter air than ever before. Y)u can choose from plain or sport back models...in whites, Airtones or deep shades of blue, gray and brown. All easily cleaned or washed, wrinkle-resisting—and the answer to ”what’ll I wear”—now, and all next summer. See them today at your favorite clothier.
And be sure to look over the new Palm Beach slacks at . . . . . ^5.50
IF IT BE4RS THIS LABEL— rrs GENUINE PALM BEACH
GOODAU COMPANY,CINCINNATt
&I
^tocaL CtdA.
THE PURDUE EXPOf^NT
tv,
^nUeaA
Thursday, May 5, 1938
Women’s Athletics
Girls in Miss Veronica Brady’s recreational leadership class have on display this week in the Women’s Gymnasium, home made games which they have made during the courses. These indoor games of skill are all made of materials at hand, and not one cost over one dollar to construct. “These games are of interest to those students who will have summer jobs at camps or in public playgrounds,” said Miss Brady.
Bowling
starting today and continuing a week, a co-ed singles bowling tournament will be held in the Union alleys. Each contestant must^owl three consecutive games, and prizes will be awarded for the highest total scores.
Baseball In previous years there have been mixed baseball games each spring, and the women’s physical education department will arrange contests for any fraternity or sorority which is interested in meeting a mixed team from some other organization. Those desiring to schedule a game should get in touch with Miss Brady in the Women’s Gymnasium.
Letters to the Editor
Letters to tiie editor must be kept at a reasonable length and must be accompanied by the writers’ signatures. Unless otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, the editor sees fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence.
Allow Butlerites To Encourage Peace Dear Editor: In reference to the letter of P.W. “Eealist” Davis in Tuesday’s Exponent, I would like to present a few observations. He claims that an organized refusal to bear arms against any nation (excluding invading nations) will fail to prevent war simply because plans to prevent war don’t usually succeed and because man is destined to have war “for a good many hundreds of years.” Now does that sound like the reasoning of an “intelligent person” as he classed himself in his letter? In order to excuse a lethargical attitude, he looks far into the future and says that the job of war-pre-vention is too big for today’s students with their untried policies. It’s easy to sit back in lush comfort and assdme a do-nothing attitude. Wouldn’t it be better if men such as “Realist” Davis allowed these disciples of Smedley Butler to try in their small way to encourage peace even though the odds are already very much against them. Without experimentation and repeated attempts and failures, civilization today would be in a more barbaric stage than it is. Progress can be brought about by criticism and substitution of a better plan, not by a sit-down-and-scoff attitude. Plans Shiuld Be Tried The plans proposed by these students may not soimd very effective, they may be forgotten before they can be put to the test, and they may not stand the test when that test comes, but until they have failed, criticism is out of place. Naturally “Realist” Davis doesn’t believe that they may even to a small extent help prevent war now or in the future, but considering his bitter criticism of an untried policy, it is difficult to believe him when he classes himself as an “intelligent person.” I am not a member of that “pinkish” organization of American university students” to which “Realist” Davis has referred, for I try to be a realist too ... a tolerant realist; but if the intolerant opinion of Davis represents realism, I‘m afraid the latter is not a worthwhile state. C. Fred Stems, EE ’39.
Lest this discussion develop further into a personal quarrd, mhy we suggest that the issue be dropped hereupon?— The Editor.
Mothers’-
(Continued from page 1)
Betty Elstun in charge of costumes, Mary Alice Learning, properties, Mary Cooley, publicity, and Mary Townsend, finances. WSGA Program At 3:30 p. m, Saturday afternoon the WSGA program for Mothers’ Day visitors will be held in the Union ballroom. Featured on the program will be modem dance numbers by Orchesis, a vocal solo by Marjorie Starrett, music by the Men’s Glee Club and the University orchestra and a violin solo by Eva Robertson. Immediately following the WSGA program, the mothers will be entertained at a tea in the Union lobby. The May Queen and her attendants will be in the receiving line at the tea. Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, will have their annual pledging in the Union lobby at this time. Religious Convo YWCA will sponsor a special religious convocation for Mothers’ Day at 9:30 Sunday morning in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dean Mary Matthews will speak on “Evaluation” and the University Choir will sing. Dorothy Coan and Betty Klein, who are in charge of the convocation, have announced that it is open to all students, both men and women, and their mothers. Xi Sigma Pi, . . . national forestry honorary fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: G. C. Romeiser. Forester; J. C. Nichols, Assistant Forester; D. F. Bline, secretary, fiscal agent; Mr. A. M. Herrick, Ranger; Prof. Daniel DenUyl, llxec. Counsellor. Pi Kappa Phi... . . . elected the following officers for the coming year: Fred W. Winter, archon; Richard B. Fitts, president; John S. Brown, secretary; Roland F. DeHoog, historian; Truman Woodmansee, warden; and Robert A. Peterson, bookkeeper.
Maj, C. W. Uawksworth. ... of Lebanon, a member of the adult educational staff ^here, will speak at 7:30 Friday evening in room B of the Memorial Union Building on “Experiences in India.” Major Hawksworth, formerly of the British army, is a veteran of the Boer War in South Africa and also spent many years in India where he had many imusual experiences and contacts. On the following Friday night, May 13, Dr. C. Lanczos, of the Purdue mathematics department and a native of Germany, will speak on “Fascism and the Educated Class.”
TYPEWRITERS — Adfflng machines, sold, purchased, rented, and r^aired. Supplies. Multagraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
$85 WORTH OF CAMERA—And equipment for $55. Korelle Reflex, F-3.6 lens, focal plane shutter, and miscellaneous equipment. Call 41641 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. Leave name and phone.
FOR SALE—Log Log Duplex Slide Rule, Keufel & Esser. New, has not been used. Call 45132.
Notices No Notice* Accepted After 8 p.i
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 3, from 7:30 to 8:30 p. m. Practice for the swimming meet, May 10. —JORGESON.
Gimlet: Initiation postponed until next week. Turn in tickets and money to Girard. (6-6) —BROWN.
Fraternity Presidents: Council meeting Thursday, May 5, at 6 p m. at the Theta Xi house. —WHITING. Summer Session Catalogs: 1938 catalogs are now available in summer session office and in registrar’s office. (6-6) - —KNIGHT.
_ Catalyst Club: The date of the final initiation has been changed to Wednesday, May 11. The dinner will be held at the Pi Kappa Phi house. (6-6) —BOWMAN.
Camera Club: Meeting scheduled for Tuesday, May 3, has been postponed until May 17. (6-6) -WEST. Purdue Motorcyclists: Regular meeting Thursday, May 6, at 7 p. m. in the Union, room D. —GLENN.
• Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Eeekst'ores
"DEAC" Everything for a Cc^ege Education SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Prefcsstewai The Bide Dental CBnic on. PAUL A. 81BK DH. HASOLD J. BISK urn. BOBBBSr G. BISK DB. LUTHBB A. BSiK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
e Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
SUtloncry.
Wedding invilalloni
PHONE - Book.. Etc.... 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
e Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop ia Gi* VAHSUY BOOT SkOP
• Locksmith
“C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Eveningg Ph. 2291 State-Mcdn, W. L
• Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPEBBHDW. 822 MAIN
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. for Your Cleaning Needs Sander for Rent
e Florist
Domer's Flower Shop (Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R.C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Cosmopolitan ClKb: Important regular meeting in room Cof the Union Friday May 6, 7:80 p. m. it is urgent that all members attend. Nominating committee will be announced and daitce tickets distributed. —OARACCIOLO.
Each one is also invited to bring his date to the banquet if he is planning to attend the dance. —SCHLUNDT.
Contributors to Debris Pbotography: All may receive prints of negatives by calling for same at the Debris office in the Union Building any week-day evening after 4 p. m. (6-6) —EHINGER.
P. 1. A. Banquet: All members of PIA are invited to attend the annual banquet to be held Friday, May 6 at i6:30 in the home economics cafeteria. Dates are invited and semi formal wear is proper but not required. Tickets may be obtained from the PIA office or from any board member. —SCHLUNDT.
WAA Badminton; Following games should be played Thursday, May 6, at 4 p. m.: E. Maier vs. B. Smith, J. Rennik vs. B. Beaudry, J. Shaffer vs. M. Delaplane, and M. Schroeder vs. J. Cook. At 4:30, J. Gaylord vs. T. Berry, and G. Walker vs. J. Morris. —CAMPBELL. WSGA Office Committee: Compulsory meeting Thursday, May 6, at 4 o’clock. —BRADSHAW.
P. I. A. Keys: We are expecting the following to attend the PIA banquet Friday, May 6, at 6:80 in the home economics cafeteria in order to receive awards for achievements during the past year: Margaret Jenkins, W. W. Clevenger, H. M. Clevenger, G. D. Cross, A. B. Wright, G. R. Douglas, Phyllis Dunn, Sylvia Zussin, E. W. Hackney, R. H. Elliott, J. W. Mazur, Van Coddington, G. E. Sears, J. E. Roembke, H. F. Kratz, K. C. Kelble, R. D. Elbourn, Beatrice Shock. D. F. Smith, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, R. Jenkins, C. R. Jones, J. T. Flanagan, Peggy Gran, J. H. Houseworth, E. F. Bauman, A. R. Brink, Betty Shipow, Betty Jone Short, C. W. Chellberg, R. J, Kotfila, R. E. Montavon, C. E. Myers, Jesse Cohen, I. H. Selkowitz, L. A. Hess, P. A. Phillips, M. M. Shendler, and Florence Beilke.
Union Workers: It Is very important that all workers who have any time off Saturday, May 7, get in touch with us immediately. —JACOBSON, MATTHEWS.
Student Bible Class: Meet in room C of the Union Thursday, May 6, at 7 p. m. The class will continue the study of Book of Revelation. All students are cordially invited. —BURBRINK.
PEW: Co-ed open swim Thursday night May B, from 7 to 8, open mixed swim 8 to 9. '' —SCHWEHN.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal Thursday May 6, at West Side Baptist Church at 7 p. m. —PHILLIPS.
Catalyst Pledges: Initiation tee must be paid on or before Wednesday, May 11. —PETRY.
WAA Tennis: These games should be played by Sunday: Thomas and Stephenson vs. Morris and Himes; Schilling and 'Mather vs. Jarrett and Walker. —WALKER.
Archery: Mixed archery on girls’ range Thursday, May 6, at 4 p. m. Equipment furnished. —KINZER. PIA Beginning Dance Class: Last lesson and make-up class Thursday, May 6, in the Union ballroom at 7:30 p. m. —CLYMER.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Pledging Thursday, May 6, at 4 p. m. in room F of the Union. All members be present. —MOUNCE.
Deac
Deac
Wright & Ditson — Spalding & Penn Tennis Balls and English Tennis Balls For Sale All Makes of Tennis Rackets Restrung We Will Wrap or Pack a Gift For Your Mother and Ship For You.
Deac
Deac
^0 SUMMER SCHOOL
ever was uneventful. Many of your fellow students will be seen in Bold and Black—may be even your room mate, or that certain coed. Yes, Campus Actiivties will continue in full swing— and many others are planned. Know when to come to the Campus and get in on the dances and other good times. If you can't be here in person, do the next best by yourself . . . order the SUMMER SESSION EXPONENT delivered to your door. Fifty cents for the entire summer mailed anywhere. Deac, Southworth's or the Union Desk will gladly help you with this matter.
Summer Session Edition
the PURDUE EXPONENT