iV'i,. “5 .1/ ■ • f ' V
■ ■' i' '■'' ^ 'a ' '
mm^ 1 f
s (i'*T
t i> (' ''"Aiif t -■'’f''/i R-j if ^
EDITORIAL BELIEVES That War Has Brought Permanent Changes
Established 1889
Xfi04ie4ii * Good Luck, Sailors!
i fy ^
INTERVIEWER EINDf ^ Interesting Facts : On Church Attendance
Volume 55, No. 94
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, February 25, 1945
War Information Office Naval Electricians ienTodayAt4P.M.2’ru®'fu“'“ c. ^ . I. • uru D • Au With High Honors
btuaent Interviewers Will Receive All
rrtr> ki i- .» • • G. H. Lofy Attains ekC, Military News From University 97 Per Cent Mark This afternoon at 4 the Student War Council will open their,^ Graduation ceremonies were held War Information Office in room 312 of the Union. Five people 193 sailors from the Naval will be in the office to answer any questions asked about the ^raihinff School Monday night. In-
various reserves, women’s auxiliaries, draft status, or Univer- , mencement m the Music Hall, a din-
sity refunds and loans.
Those students selected for jobs as interviewers were chosen with more than 400 bluejackets and ■-■ ..I as juniors and seniors with the their guests attending. n i r I I- A < proper qualifications for the Following the dinner and dancing,
Best Soldier Contest To Close Tomorrow
Afternoon At 5:30
Dean Potter Urges Seniors Will Hold Engineer Training ^CXt Friday
Queen To Reign Over Dance;
Says American Technical Men Can Do Most With Least In Shortest Ti
position. The interviewers met with Prof. Hockema, Col. Beere, Capt. Robinson and Dean Knapp Monday afternoon to discuss student draft status
at the present time.
The council is under the direction of Don Brewer, senior board mem-
Commander Hugh J. Bartley presented certificates to the graduates. John Clute Stites, of Grand Junction, Colorado, responded for the graduating class after which each section marched to the front to receive their certificates. Most of them were graduated as Electrician’s Mates, third class; the rest
Entries for the annual Best Qf Student Senate and Bill made “strikers” for that rat-
Soldier Contest, sponsored by Scab- Le.ster, who will serve as assistant
bard and Blade, national militaiy director of the information center. Ensign Lee Somers, company six honorary fraternity, are due tomor- Interviewers who will split up duties commander, presented a special row. Students who wish to sign up the office will be Jack Houston, award to George H. Lofy, of Milfor the contest must do so between Lloyd Rossebo, Bob Senour Jack waukee, Wis. Lofy had the highest 4 and 5:30 p. m. today or tomor- Teetor, Art Hunter Bert Kuck scholastic lecoid thus far attained
row on the second floor of the Lave Heckaid, Margaret Meltzer Armory. Mary Lou Sternberg. The contest is open to all fre.sh- office Formed On Request jnan and sophomore military stu- ^he information office was formed dents. They will be judged on their Hockema be-
cause of the large number of draft and ERG problems that confront students now. The duties of Prof. Hockema, Col. Beere and Dean Knapp keep them fiom having enough free time to answer the innumerable questions that students
miltiary conduct, and a practical examination in the school of the soldier will be given Saturday aft.emoon, March 24. Entrants will wear a libbon on the left lapel of their uniform while the contest is
in progress.
by any tiainee here, an avei’age of
97.3 per cent.
Chief Thomas Gardiner present-
ed a gift to S. J. Eberle, of San Francisco, Calif., voted the most de-
serving* member of the class. Company six has been here since
October 30, coming fiom San Diego, Calif., and Great Lakes, 111. During then sixteen weeks stay heie they maintained a general class average
of 3.2 out of a possible 4.0.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals want to ask about the aimed forces. Will be awarded to the first, second information that the Univerand third place winners m the gity receives fiom the Army, Navy, freshman and sophomoie classes. Marine Corps, etc., will be placed in respectively. Members of Scabbard j^^nds of the War Information and lade will judge the practical office, and the students in charge examination, while Regular Ai my- there will be able to answer quesSergeants and Officers will be ^ions as completely and thoroughly judges in the preliminary dulls. University officials can. Any spe-
cial cases of students with pioblems that are too complex for the board will be refeired to the proper faculty member for further information. Univeisity officials will refer students with questions about these
things to the board.
To Co-operate With Exponent The War Information Office will co-operate with the Exponent in the release of information'to students as soon as it is released. Any student who wants further mfoimation on a story concerning the reserves or diaft that has been printed in the Exponent or any othei paper should consult the information office.
Ag Conference Story Featured
Alumni Receives
Presidential Citation Recognition of individual pioduction merit was bestowed on Clinton R, Hanna, EE ’22, by President Roosevelt in the foim of a citation. He received the citation for his work in developing a device that immensely incieased the effective-
ness of American tanks.
According to the Pberuaiy issue of the Purdue Engineer, Hanna is now the manager of the electromechanical department of Westingfiouse Research Laboratoiies. Since Pearl Hax'bor his work has been of the same confidential natuie as the tank device and cannot be de-
scribed.
The citation, signed by Donald Nelson, chief of the War Production Board, and countcisigned by President Roosevelt, read: “In recognition of initiative and patriotism, be it known that Clinton R. Hanna is heieby cited for a meiitorioub conti ibution to the war production drive.”
Faculty Notice Tickets for the convocation to be held Thursday, March 4, at which C. H. Kettering, vice-presi-dent of General Motors will be the speaker, must be obtained by Monday, March 1 from the office of (he President of the University. There is no charge for tickets. —HOCKEMA
February edition of Agriculturist, campus agricultuial publication, made its appeaiance last week. The new edition features a summary of the A^g Conference which was held in Januaiy. Besides the summary, seven feature stories and three regular columns were included. ^ Cover pictiue was that of the “Folka Whirleis,” an organization of Univeisity students formed to entertain gioups with dances of the days gone by—square dances, folk dances, and other dances popular in past eias. One page of the magazine which IS glowing with eveiy edition is the “Vitamin P” page, which is devoted to toimer ag students who are now in the Armed Foices. Letters from soldieis, sailors, and maiines make up the bulk of the page. Staiting next month, the Agriculturist will feature a new page on questions and answ'ers. The questions will be those asked by farmers thioughout the slate, w'hile the answcis w'lll bo those given by the piofessois to whom the queries W'ore diiccled.
A warning that the need for engineers on the p^t of war industries is bound to become more and more critical was sounded by Dean A. A. Potter, of the University schools of engineering, as he accepted the Washington Medal, one of the outstanding awards in the world of engineering, at a joint dinner meeting attended by representatives of the leading national engineering groups in
the Union League Club, Chi-
cago, last night.
Dean Potter, who has been serving as chairman of the national advisory committee on war training- in engineering, science, and management, as well as executive director of the National Patent Planning Commission, was awarded the Washington Medal for “distinguished leadership in engineering education and research and patriotic sei'vice in mobilizing technical knowledge for victory in war and in peace”. Previous winners of the award, which was established in 1916, include such distinguished engineers as Herbert Hoover, Wilbur Wright, Michael Pupin, Bion J. Arnold, Ralph Budd, Charles E. Kettering and William D. Coolidge. American Engineer.s Too Few Speaking on “The American Engineer and the War Effort”, Dean Potter declared that the public at large is beginning to realize that American engineers “can do most with least in the shoitest possible time”. He added, however, that “these Ameiican engineers and scientists are too few to carry the great task entrusted to them. Although we speak more often about the scarcity of tin, copper and steeel, the fact remains that our greatest shoitage is not in materials but in men and women with specialized skills, paiticularly engineers and scientists, who cannot be trained in a few days or even in a few weeks.” In speaking of the probable use of engineering colleges by the armed forces. Dean Potter said, “One thing is certain. Our educational institutions of higher learning will not be taken over by the Government.” He declared that the Army is planning to send, between March 1 and July 1, to higher educational institutions, mainly engineering and medical schools, about 150,000 young people, after the inducted soldiers have completed a 13 week indoctrination period, and that the Navy expects to send to engineering colleges about 75,000 people between
May 1 and January 1.
Supply May Be Curtailed Dean Potter said that the ArmyNavy plan will make available a large number of fairly well-pre-pared engineers for the armed foices, but unless war industries make their wants known to the Govei nment the supply of engineers for industry will be very greatly cur-
tailed.
Dean Potter suggested united ac(Sce DEAN POTTER, page 4)
U. S. Health Service Sponsors Twenty New Fellowships Officials of the State Board of Health have announced recently that opportunity for preparation for health education work here and abroad is being offered through fel-' lowships at the University of North
Carolina.
Twenty fellowships leading to master’s degrees are being offered by the United States Public Health Service with funds from the W. K. Kellogg Foundation. They provide for twelve months training, including nine months of campus work and three months of supervised field experience, with employment practically assured on completion of basic tiaining. Lists Qualifications Candidates must have sound scientific training, good health, pleasing appeaiance, leadership qualities, sound judgment, and adaptability. Sound training m social sciences as well as in the sciences is required, so that the individual has an appreciation of the importance of human personality and gov-
ernment.
Ameiican citizens between the ages of 19 and 40 inclusive are eligible and applicants must pay their own travel expenses to)and from the Univeisity at the beginning and end of the training period. The stipend allows for $100 a month, tuition fees, and tiavel expenses for the three months of field expeii-
ence.
Applications must be filed not later than March 1, and may be sent to the State Board of Health, 1098 West Michigan, Indianapolis. Dr. E. L. Butz . . . and Dr. T. K. Cowden of the Agricultural Economics depai-tment will be in Crawfoidsville and South Bend, respectively, today to givq addresses on agricultural economic topics. Dr. Butz will qddiess the Ciawfoidsville Kiwanis Club on the subject “Where is our Food?” and Dr. Cowden will address a luncheon meeting of the Mid-West Ci'eamery Producers’ Association on the subject “The Creamery Business in the
Year Ahead.”
AWS Grants 3 O'Clock Hours A week from tomorrow the Senior Prom will be held! This year’s social season will reach its climax when the Prom committee announces the queen of the Senior Ph'om. The dance will be held Friday, March 5, in both ballrooms of the Uiiion. The AWS has granted the coeds three o’clock hours for the occasion; and the dance will last from 9 p. m. until 2 a. IH, - - The band has not been ap-
pointed as yet but the pending contract should be in within a
few days.
Will Hiller, president of the Student Union, has been appointed chair-man of the Pronq committee. He will have on the committee with him Gene Katterjohn, Student Union executive; Paul Miller, president of the Student Senate; Bob Boswinkle, News Editor of the Exponent; Dottie Cornthwaite, president of Gold' Peppers, and John Goode, representing the Cary
Halls.
Ticket Sale Starts Monday The dance will be held in the traditional style of University Proihs; the occasion being formal. There will also be an elaborate backdrop which will fit the occasion. Tickets will go on sale Monday, March 1, at 4 p. m. in front of the Sweet Shop and in the Cashier's Office in the Executive Building. The price of the tickets is $2.20 per
couple.
V-1 CANDIDATES
All 17 year old students who are planning on enlisting in V-1 prior to March 15 are asked to meet in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering building at 11:00 a. m. Friday or 8:00 a. m. Saturday for final instructions concerning enlistment. Individuals who are not free at these hours should call at my office in the Executive building before
noon Saturday.
—KNAPP
Debris Price
Will Rise March First
Prices of the new Debris which will be distributed next August will rise from $3.50 to $4.00 on March 1. Any students who want subscriptions may obtain them now at the reduced price at the West Desk of the Union, in front of the Sweet Shop, or in the Debris business office in the Union which is open every afternoon from 4 until 5:30. According to Debris officials, the next issue of the yearbook will be larger than last year’s and will include a large military section, pictures of all August and December graduates, featuies, sports and organizations, fraternities, sororities, honoraries, and numerous other
fea trues.
For those who are leaving school at the end of this semester, or at any time before August, the annuals will be mailed everywhere in the United States for twenty-five cents in addition to the regular purchase price. Prof. V. C. Freeman . . . associate dean of agriculture, was in East Lansing, Michigan, yesterday to address a general meeting of ag students on “The Destiny of Agriculture.” At this dinnermeeting recognition was made of outstanding- students through the awarding of tiophies and
medals.
Cameraman Who Is A World Wide Traveler. . .
Minnesota Team Wins College Billiard Meet With 418 Point Score Last Thursday evening, the first of the 1943 Intercollegiate Billiard tournaments was played in the billiard room of the Union. The game was at 14.1 Pocket Billiards and was won by the Minnesota team with a total of 418 points. The University cuemen placed fifth, scoring 321 point. Each team consisted of five men. Each man played 15 key shots and continued until he scored ten, or a miss. The Florida team holds the all-time record of 566 points out of a possible 750 and the highest individual score is 130. Various universities placed in the following- order: Minnesota with 418, Florida 393, Michigan 361, Cornell 327, Purdue 321 and Indiana 313. Tonight at seven, a three pocket tournament will be held. The same schools will pai-ticipate. The team repiesenting the University will be as follows: John W. Blanton, V. G. Sharpe, Hal Roberts, Robert Dover and R. H. Popejoy. Alternates for these men are: Robert A. Spencer, Jack C. McLean and Robert Teitel.
Hull Illustrates Lectures On Asia With Motion Pictures Films Tonight
By Phil Winslow A. Tyler Hull, newsreel cameraman and world traveler, lectured and showed motion pictures yesterday to student and University staff members. He gave two lectures, one at 4 p. m. on “Free China”, and another at 7 p. m. on “Asia Now”. The motion pictures were those filmed by Hull during recent years while he was in th Far East. The “Free China” lecture was illustrated with pictures which showed the bombing of Chinese cities. The burning of Canton was included. Hull also showed pictures of Singapore and Mongolia which were taken before the fall of Singapore. The evening lecture included motion pictures of Japanese Manchuko, French Indo-China, Thailand, and Malaya. Traveled Round World Thirteen Times Hull, who is originally from Hampton, Va., has spent most of his life in foreign countries. He has been around the world 13 times, and has been in China and the Far East at four different times, the last of which was for four years, ending in September of 1941, when he
returned to the United States. During these four years, Hull made the pictures with which he illustrated his lectures. Hull has delivered many lectures since his return to the States. For instance, Hull stated that, in a few weeks, he spoke to over half a million troops, lecturing four times a day, six days a week. Wife Interned In Concentration Calnp Hull’s wife is now interned in a Jap concentration camp. She has been at an unknown camp since December 7th, 1941. Mrs. Hull was imprisoned because she was the wife of an American correspondent. Hull certainly comes under the classification of a correspondent—not only was he a newsreel cameraman, but he also took stills for Life and was commentator for March of Time, Hull’s job has been as daring and as exciting as any soldier’s duties have been. He has been injured several times by Jap machine gun lire, and was once blown overboard by Japanese bombs aimed at a ship he was aboard. Thirty-two correspondents have been killed in
the Far East, so his was not a sissy’s job. What—No Picture? While lecturing recently in the eastern states, Hull told the story which he says has been the funniest one yet. He told of how he was crossing the Yangtze River in an amphibious Chinese tank. “I was riding on the outside of the thing, because there wa$ no room inside for me. While we were crossing the river, fifteen Jap bombers came at us. I was sitting on the Turret, and while trying to get our gun on the planes, the turret was revolving. Every time it revolved I passed the exhaust pipe, and I got burned on the hip. Some sweet old lady in the back row asked me why I didn’t have any pictures to show what had happened to me. I thought that was humorous—although the story itself wasn’t!” Going Back With Army When asked if he were going back to the East, Hull most enthusiastically declared, “Fm going to march into Tokyo with our army when it takes over the city.” Then he added.
“That will be in about three years—it will take another year and a half to lick Germany.” He believes, as do several military leaders, that Japan cannot be beaten by air power alone. “Japan has fire-breaks of modern construction to prevent the spread of fire,” Hull said, “and attempting to flatten the cities will not be effective. Japan has eight hydro-elec-tric plants which produce 92 per cent of their power. “Knocking these plants out will paralyze Jap Industry,” he continued, “and knocking out public utilities will be the most effective warfare. This would cause disease, which would be the most painless way to eliminate the Japanese Army.” China Should Have Say In Asiatic Peace In post war planning, Hull believes China should be given a major say in the Asiatic sphere. She should police Asia because China’s natural conditions and feelings could never institute an aggressive act. “You can count on China,” Hull concluded. “We’re lucky in having people/like them helping us!”
Institute of Aeronautical Sciences will hold its February- meeting- tonight at 7:30 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering building-. Two films on aviation will be shown. One film, entitled “Transpacific,” will be an hour in length. In this movie, a complete dese^i|ition of the Pan-.A.mei-ican Airways' operations over the Pacific is shown. It is, of coru-se, a picture of their peace time work, but is a forerunner of the present -work being done by them over the Pacific at present. The other film is entitled “For Better Aircraft in the World of Tomorrow.” This was produced by the National Advisoi-y Committee for Aeronautics to show results of recent research and will picture some of the late improvements of aii-craft. The meeting is open to abyoiMi interested in aviation, especial^ to the Curtiss-Wright Cadettes and students enrolled in Aeronanticat and Mechanical Engineering.if
[ “ t' ‘'iF i ■'
cr
1^
f^ge 5
Purdue Exponent
! '“ "
Thursday^ February 2B, 1943
Purdue Exponent Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377 Honorao Fdilor William G Hoskins ith the C olors
PdlloiBuRtnrsR ManaRer News Editor ManaRinR Editor Senior AdvertismK Manascr Sports Editor C^»ed Editor Coed Business I'xecutnc
Dale F Biitz Gerhard H Klouman R< bert W Boswinkle Sally Beall James G Pell> Joseph S Dawson Jean l>auer A Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial Stall Agaociate Editors F T V J T Kci rd on T I Tilton W H Tvsoi W I V imi n M 1 Smith C C Martin del) E Murphj Coed Staff Ph>ll M<ii i Marti a 1 re R Carolyn Wilbur Elaine Ahrer s Sports Staff C So\arls J Ackerman I) Shrjer R Smith
Business Staff Asaisiant Advertisinp Manager 7 i* Ipi Advertisinir Managers J fl ^on C Ca nt J MeC illouffb J Tobl Circulation Manager R H Kro \ 1 i Accounts Manager Mary Dilta
The Purdue Independent
Editor in Chief
Bert Sqmer
Staff For This Issue
Nijrht Editor Martii dell
Sports rd tor
Ackerman
Daj Editor
Mann
7 sue Id t
r Al 1 ell
Workers
n 1 w St pi on on
F r >th 1 h
t ck Tl
f!oty Don
k Dr K W t on M
Fntorc 1 n
s '^ocon ] matt r
t 1h po 1 off CO
n I nfay
ette In iiarfa i dcr t) act f Oon^,r s <f Mi rch 3 18 and at th pec 1 r to f i o tf > e p ov 1 1 f r in sect oi
1103 act f O tul Pubh^he 1 1 0
during, tl
fiemc te ^ 8em<<itci r Rej r sent hI f int, S r\ c 1 Mad son A N
i 1 1
Tl r M bi lav
thorz 1 Tinuiry 20 3922
) > n
1 Si n lay m inings r f r lil 7 for a 1 f r $ 00 for a
I n 1
r r by Nat onal ^dvertifl R \ s ntit vofa 420
Degree Or Objective?.
Since the stait of the wai many i evolutionary changes have taken place in educational methods, length of the nstruction periods scope of the matei lal covei ed and in many other things connected with the teaching piofes Sion Necessity has caused the pursuit of the degiee to gi\e way to the attainment of an objectue Although the Unu ei sity has conducted sev eral shoit courses in the past one of the most appaient examples of a new type of training IS the Naval Electrician s School which was opened heie last summei By cutting out much of theoiy and making a practical course, the Univeisity is able to graduate faiily good electrical engineeis in a peiiod of four months We will grant that these men will probably not be the mventois or designei s of new electrical equipment and are not qualified for extremely technical electiical work but they are equipped to fill a particular place in the electiical engineering profession In the future moi e and moi e army and navy men will be coming to the campus for training undei such specialized plans as aie now being used by the na\y They will be graduated from these short couises and will be qualified to fill a certain type ot job This type of tiammg is not exactly new as it is being used in ser\ ice camps all ovei the country, because of the need for trained men In addition to the concentrated courses, the aimed services are using new and improved teachrng methods m order that the material may be presented in an understandable form rn the shortest possible time Many of these new and improved methods of instruction could profitably be copied in our colleges and Universities Some of the old die hard protessors are in dined to look upon this new ty pe of education with scorn, because they teel that it is ]ust another war measure which will disintegrate after the wai Progressively minded educational leadeis howevei state that they be lievc that at least a pait of the changes aie here to stay Some people believe that m the postwar period umvp’shi ^ will oftei curiiculums which vai \ w I i length The length and make up oi the course tor each student will depend upon his ability and his vocation It may well be that some students should take a special short course while it would be more profitable lor others to slay in school six seven or eight years The courses would be de signed to ht the needs ot the students and certificates would be awarded to show that the student had completed a particular kind of a training piogiam These are only a few of the changes in eclu cation that are likely to be a result ot the wai, but we will ventuie to say that the college curiiculums in the post war peiiod will differ mateilally from the standard tour year plan that we have known At any rate we hope tnat education in the futuic will become moie hbeial m the sense that the courses will be de'-igiifd fo fit the students In the past the students have been mohkd to fit the courses —d c b If vou iC an aNcia,<'( c ul \ou pend 1 170 hoius oi 49 d lys bdjK i mjjo lujin jr i Itui ytai Tie Univei il\ ef lexi la icceeel spcci il gian of $2 000 fiejm the gcnci il e iiualieni boaid tei fii)ance> twenkshopin luiii t college elueitien To liujn 1 cplace picnts ioi liitcbeiv men lost to the aimed foices low i St etc College leeently ofTeied a hatehcij opciatois and m uiageifc shoit eouiae
ntie mSHMTOH . ^ ^ Tm R., U \ f. OK Merry-go-round By DREW PEARSON Political Bottle-Neck To Cause Serious Rubber Shortage; Jesse Jones Held Responsible WASHINGTON—One of Washington s most closely guaided sectets is the detailed histoiy of rubbei pio eluetion Reason foi the seciecy is not militaiy Rtib bei Czu Jefleis has just leleased whvt must be com foiting news to the enemy that we shall have only 100 000 tons of lubbei by the end oi this yeai and Bel me Baiuch ostiimted we needed a minimum of 120 000 Actually the leason is political With 130 000 000 Amei leans viitually tal en off wheels ceitain high up individuals aie anything but anxious to have the do tails on rubbei production leik out Howevei heie 15 the actual zecoie! on one of the s idelcst and most inexcusable chapters in oiu entne economic history In June 1940 one yen end i half befoie Pearl Ilaibor President Roosevelt ordered an immediate stuclv of the synthetic rubber industry to prepare for possible Jap invasion of the Dutch East Indies That study was turned ovei to Edward Stettinius of the Nation U Defense Commission who on July 13 1940 ecommended the immediate need of building syn tholic rubber plants and reported to the President It is exp<,cted that beioie this month is over a plan of synthetic rubber production will hive been worked out which in the future will eliminate our dependence upon imports What Stetlinius referred to was the tact that Eniil Sehram of Jesse Jones Reconstruction Pinance Cor poration was ncRotiating with Goodrich and the Phil lips Corporation to produce 100 000 tons ot rubber But Stettinius did not know when ht wrote his report lhal Jesse tones Sehram s superior would block the deal This tones did And tor seven months Stettinius and various other defense ottieials turned tretted and tore their hair until finally on February 19 1941 Jones innounced that the RI C still had under considera tion plans tor aiding the pioduction ot synthetic rubber though he said the need was not urgent and possibly ultimatelj unnecessary • Before Pear! Harbor One year later March 21 1912 Secietuy Jones is sued a statement which eiused imazement oi the pait ot his cabinet colleagues He said that On May 16 1941 we concluded agreements v/ith some of the leading pioduceis of lubbei chemi ils ind oil piod nets for the construction and opeiation of synthetic lubbei sufficient to increase the total annual capacity in the country to ippioxim rtely 100 000 tons This statement was made after Peail Harbor though it referred to action ilegedlv taken before Peail Harboi And the reason it amazed Jones eabi net colleagues was that actually in Ma> 1911 he had luthoiized capaeitj not tor 100 000 tons but for the mere driblet ot 10 000 tons Ihc foil] copolymer plants he luthonzecl befoie Peail Haiboi weie planned with the understanding that each would design a 10 000 ton plant hut that actually equipment foi i c ipacity ot onlj, 2 500 tons would be installed in e ich plant In othci wozds the toil plants opeiating it 2 500 tons e ich would net the n ition the meagie tot il of 10 000 tons—against i need in 1941 which h ul aliea 1\ i isen to ovei 700 000 tons and which Bcinie Biiueh estim ited shoul 1 be 1 000 000 tons m 1944 -Vs Peail Haiboi appioached and the Japanese men ICC which ScCietai V Hull and Piesident Roosevelt for months had n cntioncd ii cabinet meetings incieased in tention Jones gi idually began to wake up He oideied the loui luhbei companies to disiogaid thoii picv ous limit of 2 500 tons cipiciLy and ,,0 up to 10 000 each • After Pearl Harbor But all these things plus the gem il Jesse s com placenej del ij ed the pi ogi am so th it gi ound loi only till 00 lubbei taeto les w is biol cn befoie Pe ul Haiboi and one ittci w uds 1 ven after Pearl Harbor Mr Jones continued his easv optimism On Ian 13 when our military leaders had repoited to the Cabinet that the Philippines ind (he Dutch Last Indies piobably could not be held Jesse estimated that with care and prudence the na turn could „et along on about 450 000 tons ot i ubber i year tor both war and civilian purposes Reminded th it the 1941 consumption had been 750 000 tons he pointe 1 out th it the piew u figuie w is only 600 000 tons ind th it the hilt on m inutietuiing lutomchiles woull ledutc the eiv li in dem ind toi lues He also mule the cheeiing prediction that in al out eighteen months—oi by June 1941—theic woull be enough i uhhei to pioviie new uitomoh le lues to the pulilic Wc lie now within loan months ot June 1913 and Ml Jcffeis has pist w lined the n ition th it not until ittei Maich 1914 would we begin to see d lylight in ul hei Again on Peb 1J42 Jones optimistically intoimed Iho house bulking committee that we would be get ting ill the lubbei we needed liom the Dutch last Indies by the end ot 194] despite the piesent Jap inese thieat to that aiea This w is at i time when the Japs ilieady hid 1 incled in pait of the islands uicl only one nonth befoi c B it ivi i the e ipital tell Also on Feb 1 1942 Jesse st ited th U 90 000 tons of synthetic iuhhei would be piodueed by the end of 1942 In eonti ist Mi Jettei s has now iniiouneed th it 1 ot i poun I ol synthctie lubhci c i ne 1 om i govein mei I pi lilt tliiough J inuaiy 194 • Reason For The Failure Reason lor this 1 iilurt was first the tact that the rubbei lactones iiiged by Stettinius and Sehram ne u ly two yiars betore w tie not built M ikuig syntlutie lubhir IS a ditlicult pioeess It leiiuires trial and ex pciinientation That was whv Stettinius urged (hat the plants be built tarlv Second reason was continued procrastination De |)itc optimistic stitemcnts immediately iltei Pe irl Haihor actual eonstiuction vvoik on only one tourth ol Hu Governments butuliene plants was begun by June 1 1912 Roughly thrie lourlhs ol thepiogiani was not begun until alter June six months liter Pearl llarhoi Ihis w IS ilso tiiiL of Jesses aclditienil eopolymei pi lilts Ihiee louiths ot them weie begun iflei June 1942 V'1 t ot tl cm ctuilly lid not g( L sta ted i nl 1 u uniSiptemhei nini months iltei Pe ul II iihoi — 1 y w hieh time the Bai nth coiiimitti e had t il en i uhhei ( jinpl te ly out ol J ssi h inds ((opyiight 1J4J by United 1 e ituie Snydieate Int )
SsgwklL SJthipHA, Jack L. Fruin formet Univeisity football playei and swimmei, graduated fiom the Naval An Training Centei, Corpus Chiisti, Tex , and was commissioned an Ensign in the U S Naval Res^'ive He leceivod special instruction in flying the Nav y’s fast fighter planes
Lf. M. C. Gantz has received his golden wings a*' lieutenant m the U S Marine Coips it was announced by Cipt Ralph E Boulton officei in chaigc oi M nine induction and leciuiting in Indiana Lieutenant Gantz enlisted Febiuaiy 2 ol list veil
Jack Harold Werts ’41 graduated tiom the Naval An Tiaining Ccntei at Cozpus Chiisti Tex with a commission as an I nsign in the U S Naval Reserve Werts, a lormei membei of the Pin due Militaiy Band had leceived specialized instiuction in flying the Navy’s long lange patiol bombeis Today's Screen Review
News—8 min
Bej ond 1 he Line of Duty—20 min Man’s Angle—9 min Wedding in Bikanei—9 min Intoimation Please—10 min. Self Defense—10 min How to Play Baseball—7 mm
ECONOMISTS TAKE SPECIAL AGRICULTURAL COURSE Agiieultuial oeonoini&ts tioni five state un veisilies ne heie tak mg a special eoiiise in motion and time technique undei Pi of M E Mundel ot the Univeis ty motion and time lihoialoiy and eonfeinng with Deal L C Young diicetoi ot the \ ition il Paim Woil Simpli tieation Pioiiet At the teimination ot the eoiise Much ( they will let nil to then lespeetivo states to instigate lese leh pi ejects in turn woik simplification Those til mg the eou se aic Di I R B ( ly CoiiK 11 University Di S A J n^ei e Univoisity of Mm usita Pi ole SOI A W Fpp Colo 1 a lo St ate ( ollegc Plot G I Hen dr X Univeisity ol Kebiasla rnd Plot J E Willis Univeisity it III
DR PAULA RISK
DR LUTHER A
RISK
DR HAROLD J
RI'K
— DENTISTS
400 404 Schultz
Bldg
4th and Maih Sts
Phone 5701
STARTS TODAY -DOUBLE TEATURE
Gal crious Music And L ughicr' "THAT NiGHT IN RIO in Technicolor with ~ V ah CON AMCCHE ALICE CAYE CARMEN MIRANDA
-plus-
Dime a Dance Juke GirP "DANCE HALL" with CESAP ROMERO CAROLE LANDIS
Lt. Clyde H. Knapp, Jr. Indianapolis, recently giaduated as an Aviation Cadet at Ellington Field, Tex , and is now commissioned 1st lieutenant Knapp attended the University fi om 1999 to 1940
Lf. Jack L. Crandall Auioia, 111, graduated fiom the Aviation Cadet Class 43 B from Aloe Field, Tex , and is now commissioned He attended the University in 1938-39
Lf. Col. J. G. Ropp EE class of ’29, who was formerly with the Indiana Bell Telephone Company as Cential Distiict plant managei, was recently promoted to the rank of Lt Colonel in the Signal Corps Colonel Ropp enteied the services in Maich, 1939, as a Second Lieutenant Piior to his piomotion, he was serving as a Mai or Executive Ofiicei of the Officers Candidate School, Ft Monmouth, N J
Ensign H. G. Himes class of ’41 has received a commission as an Ensign in the U S Naval Reseive, to be called to active duty after a peiiod of tiaining
Douglas M. Benny has lepoited to Colgate University foi Naval Aviation Flight Tiaining If successful at this training school he will continue with preliminary and advance tiaining Upon com pletion of the couises, he will be commissioned as an Ensign in the U S Naval Resei % e and be assigned to duty with the fleet
Lf. J. R. Brown a tonner Univeisity student, has succcsslullv completed his tiaining at the lacksonville Naval Aviation School and has been commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the U S Mai me Coips Lieutenant Brown has been assigned to active duty with the Mai me aiiciaft squadion He enlisted in the U S Naval Reserve Apiil 13 last yeai and become an Aviation Cadet August 7
Just Looking Around
Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
Russian troops are continuing then lightning advance in south Russia Today they have nan owed the distance from their front lines to the Dnieper River to less thaia thiity miles, and if they are able to get across the Dnieper befoie the spiing thaws set in they will be able to possibly get as tar as the Dniester Rivei It they can get as fai as this th^re is no telling
how lar they can go They might be able to make it to the German border If the Germans can’t hold the line that is anchoicd at Keiv, they will have to tall back to the Dniester This is veiy possible but the Russians still have a lonp way to go befoie they get to Berlin and the Gei naans still have a lot oi fight left in them In fact some people believe that the Russians lecent successes m ly be atti ibuteci to then adaptability to the extienie cold dimate and that the Geimans will legain lost teiiitoiies as soon as they have a taste of Spiing It is veiy unlikefi howevei that the Geimans will cvei advance again
hi e they did last yeai
Hie Biitisli GIIQ may haVc then own ideas about an mvision ot the Euiopean coast but they aie losing no time m keeping the Nazis ami then liionds tiom getting any sleep The Biitish aie staitmg then second weel of a new giant weep ot Fulopo List week they eiiiud hut SIX laids The Biitish 1 cep things ilivc it night while the U S Flying Poities (s put m then
1)1(1 dining the d ly lime
I he iedcial goveinment had only om way ot mal ing a eomebiek on W iltei VVinehcll it did this last week by telling him that his seiv ices weie no longei needed in the Navil ReseiVQ the discussion ot Winehcll s poi ited i cm ills about some s\ Congiossncn have been discussed at giciL length and al though the iemails might have been ti ue they si ould have been utteicd 11 i somca hit les pointed w i\ 1 1 s it not tl ye Ihit diseici tion 1 the I ettei put ot valoi
'Thirty “No longei will Peicy the jam tor sweep old dope sheets and hi ok en glass fiom the disordeied looms of the Piince office on Monday mornings so started the final feature of the Pnncetonian One o fthe fiist of Ameiica s col lege ncwspapeis to close its office foi the duration the Pnneetonran was one oi the country s oldest stu dent publications since its tounding m 1876 A drastic manpower short age Caused the shutdown —Pnncetonian
—r p—
Psychological Slip... Prom the Mithigan State News we quote iti ty little item Tiying to diseovci i phyehological ex ample ot a (listi aetim>‘loomni lie Piof L L Billiehey inquiicd of one ot his students if he found his roommate innoying In a thaughllul voice the ombn 0 phyeholo >'ist 1 pplicd No I don t believe she is B illachoy now knows that the student s i oomm ate IS his wile who lives w ilh him while he finishes his educit on —Michigan State Ntws W4.A toL in aments in I isketbalj 11 d badm nton i e 1 cing he'd i ow The fii al in tie Intianiui il has 1 etball touininiLlit ii liieh in 01 fi\c lean s \ 11 e< n pete w II 1 e held next wctl lie weel follow iig tivoit J 01 class te i ns a file
n
\\ VV i 1 ec 1 1 cL cc n a 1 lit Ol 11 a eombinitioii ot thici mtianuual g lines Ol piaetiees iic eqinclfo paitiepition Still in pio loss aic the b id 1 nten ton i imcnts Pa i mgs aie listed ii the gym a 1 ill gills who hive not plaveii lie ic quested to contact the o\ iioncnts and play oft then ,, lines is sion IS possible
SHAVE HITLER SAVE AMERICA bun
3 }6—1 49 3 44_1 57 4 04—5 17
3 00—4 13—5 26 3 09—4 22—5 35 3iq_4 32—5 45 I 29—4 42—5 55
lilRIVi£TU ONE ENTIRE WEEK STARTING TODAY
ARC
TODAY thru SATURDAY
THE LOVE DRAMA THAT IS THRILLING THE HEART OF AMERICA' Anollier triumph from the makers of Mrs Miniver —different buf equally soul stirring equally unforgettable'
ROY ROGERS GEORGE HAYES SALiy PAVNE L NDA HAVES
A REPUBLIC PICTURE
— and
ALSO
PERILS OF NYOKA PLUS COLOR CARTOON
MARS TODAY and TOMORROW THE KIND OF LOVE FEW LOVERS KNOW
JI w th every tl rtllt g heirt t/rob of tie fat ed t well nO\AI D
COLMAIV CKLI II GARSON in JAMl $ HILrON S RANDOM HARVEST Directed by MTRVYN LeROY Produced by SIDNEY IRANKLIN «iili PHILIP DORN • SUSAN PETERS HENRY TBAVLHS • RCGINAID OWEN bRAMWELL ILEICHER > An M G M Pictuti
Y > rjfjf
i-,1
'ijfSV
i'hursday, February 25, 1943
if ^
Boilermaker Sports
Page 3
Boilermakers Prepare For Tough Week End
Spring Football Practice Begins For Riveters Monday Afternoon
Weathei permitting, vaisity foot
ball practice will begin this next'^‘^°™'^’^l the team
Monday afternoon foi the annual spring workout according to Coach Elmer Burnham’s statement of yes
terday
Elmer wants every upper class
According to Coach Burnham’s announcement, that even if a fel low expects to be called to the colors, he should come out for foot ball as the sport vill help to get
man and freshman alike who wants him in condition for the strenuous
exercise and likes the game of foot ball to report for this callout Whether a man has had experience
physical program that the army lays down to its men In all probability, that is if the
The
wlr- WJ' / if. MM
Spo/dA.
ixlcUDSL
fW:
By Joe Dawson
or not he can have fun playing and army or something else doesn’t step he has great possibilities of making in, the practice will continue until the team Everyone will be wel the end of the semester in April
Elmer Biddle
. IS one of numerous sopho mores on the Rnetei basketball squad who saw ictiOii iinst Io\ i last Mond IV >nd miiI sec inoit ol the same o\ti (he i\ccK cud Nofic© Sigma Belt i Psi tests \\ ill be given at 4 00 Pi id ly Itb uiiy 2b \ny one wishing to tile tests it tint time, please lepo 1 it the InLi i mural Office piomptlv it 1 00
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Lions Club Honors Lambert's Netmen; Address By Geisel Ilaiiy Geiscl of Indianapolis dean of the American League um pile staff who letiied las^ season aftei 18 years of seivice will be the principal speaker at the annual Lafayette Lions Club banquet in honoi of the Purdue basketball squad to be held here on Tuesday night March 2 it was announced today by the committee in charge 10 Yoais In Sports Geisel who is known as a top notch aftci dinner speaker has been actively identified with sports, from the sand lots to the majoi lergues over a period of more than 10 \eris Beginning as an umpire in the smaller professional leagues, ho w01 led up through the succes sue brseball cl ssifications to the Intel national Lergue where he seived from 1922 to 1924 and then w IS called to the American League in 1925 Geisel Remains 'Vetive As Speaker Dll ing the p rst winter he has spent his tune in Indianapolis and 1 I ide hutidieds ol talks before van ous luncheon club groups, boys dlls ind other org rnwations He is Cl edited with having built up as wide in icquaintanee as any spoi ts figin e 1 the st ite Umpiic In Ihree IVorld Senes (leisel has umpired in three woild senes includnig the hectic 1934 seiic^ between the St Louis Card mils and the Detioit ligers He niissed most ol the 1941 season as a result of being 1 nocked down ai, homo plate in a game between the New Yoil Y inkees ind the Chicago White Sox
Intramural Schedules
The Sigma Alpha Mu s have been declared winner ol the Prateinrty Rifle ’louinament coming through with a total score of 571 points The three men firing foi them were Howaid Aronson avith i score of 187, Philip Callner 197 and Don Allen 190 The Sigma Chi s weie second with a totrl score ol 571 points Then te im was made up of
Its Patriotic to keep your clothes in good condition. Clean Clothes last longer and our Government wants woolen goods for the armed forces. CROWN Cleaned Clothes are also mothproofed by the Monite Process. Gmn Laundry
FINE DRY CLEANING
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
mt 'ss 'ttvia*' wsam BONDS LIKE YOU NEVER DID BEFORE
Support the JAPANAZI SINKING FUND
nrkflK' BEBSIDE lAquiVU T he best stones and articles scl*cted from nine full jears of ISQTJlRfc magazine Pieces by Hemtngtiay, Stem heck, D 11 Lawtence, Tborne Smith etc thrills, laughs, surprises—from the serious to the howling comic |89 H DKJE BUOK ? ILIWY HCK:
700 PAGES *1* Originally $3 00,novy
Squad Loses Lambert Lads Bleflner hi Ertel ^
Two membeis of Pin due’s fiebh man basketball squad which won the lecent Big Ten quacli aiigulai tournament here, Jrm Ertel ccntci guaicl from Trpton, and Don Blett ner, center from Mahual of In chanapolrs, wrthdicw from school today to answer servree calls
To Tangle Saturday;
Face Hoosiers Monday
► Friend May Be Out The diminishrng rairks of the battle scarred Borlei maker basketball team suffered strll another blow yesterday afternoon when it was an nounced that Duffy Friend regular junior forward, may no(! be able to play against the Badgers Saturday night because of an injury sustained in piactice Duff suffered a painful back injury after he and Bob Morns had collided under the basket With only two days lemaimng be fore the game Satrnday, it is doubtful that Friend will be sufficiently recovered to play Possibly not even for the Indiana tilt Mondaj ► Only Two Remaining * Should Friend be out of the lineup this is probably starting five for the Wisconsin game Biggs and Kennedj forw rids, Menke, center, Brower and Ehleis guards Only two of these men—Ehkis and Menke— have been consistent starters The other three however as you 11 re member did a mighty fine job against Iowa last Saturday so this quintet should stack up rather favorably against Kot7 and Co Saturd ly ► In A Revengeful Mood The Riveters face the unfortunate situation of facing the Badgers rn one of their most revengeful moods Fust of all no Wisconsin player —especially Kotz—can forget that humiliating defeat heie m the I leld house last year That was the time when little Cecil Polk held Kotz, last year’s scoring champ who at the time was avei iging aiound 16 points pel game, to a measly three points for the evening Could Easily Bounce Back Secondly, the Badgers have been beaten their last two times out— losing a one sided affair to the invincible Illini on Saturday ind then chopping on overtime clash to Northwestern this last Monday evening Wisconsin demonstiated to all those concerned just what they could do when they knocked Indiana out of the top spot just two weeks ago On that night the two forwards Kot/ and Sullivan riddled the stiong Hoosier defense for 19 points each Dick Wittenbrakei was guarding Kotz at the time which makes this feat even more amazing ► Jumps 30 Ft., 10 In. Yesterday afternoon we watched the start of the inter fraternity track meet and witnessed some exhibitions which closely parallel those given by the varsity The highlight was the broad jump which was won by Jim Dunn Jim was late in arriving so was allowed only one jump However, on his lone tiy he leaped 20 ft, 10 in to completely outclass the field Uns maik incidentally would have won the recent dual meet with Indianr by bettei than a foot It is our guess that theie are many fine athletes just like Jim on the campus at the present time and who w ould bo plenty x\ elcomed by iny of the eoaehes if they w ould only come out for then fivoiite spoil
home to await an imminent call from his Selective Service Boaid
Coach Reeck's Matmen Meet Spartans In Final Dual Match Of Season On Friday
Duffy Friend
Geo Chiistena with a score of 193 points Login 105 points and J Phippes with 183 The individual high score went to Ken Buxton Pi Kappa Alpha with a score ot 198 points Second highest individ ual honois was i three way tie with Callner Sigma Alpha Mu, Schwarz Alpha Tau Omega and Beibnei Beta Theta Pi each fii mg a total of 197 points Theie weic 29 fia teinities rep esented nr this tour nament
The Sigma Alpha Mu house was ilso winner ol the Fi iteinity Squash toui nament by defeatiftf, the Si^ma Phi Fpsilon s in a pretty ecenly matched battle Moit Marks Oscar Smukler and Elliott Katz (See IM SCHI DULI S page 4)
This is the hook men want!
Weakened by the losses to the armed forces, but determined to ring: up two final hardwood victories, the unpredictable
Blettner was called to active duty Boilermakeis held a strenuous practice session yesterday aftwith the Army All Corps Enhsted piepaiation for the two tough opponents which they Reserve, while Ertel returned fo his „ ,, , , ^ .
face this week end On Saturday evening, the Riveters meet the Badgeis of Wisconsin, who now rest in fourth place in the — Big Ten standings and are tied
with the Boilermakers with
five won and five lost Monday the Hoosiers of Indiana invade the Fieldhouse They
Coach Claude Reeck’s wrestlfng squad will face foimidable are in second place with 11 opposition in its final dual meet of the season heie in the Field- wms and one loss to Wisconsin house Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock when it goes to the mat Wisconsin was picked foi greater with Michigan State, runner-up in the national collegiate cham- '^uiels at the start of the Big Ten
pionships foi the past two seasons
The meet will mark the final home appeal ance ot tw o Boileimaker senioi veterans, Frank
Ruggieri, defending Big Ten heavyweight champion, and
Waiien Eviston, 175 poundei,
who has won two out of three
staits so far this season The lugged Spartan mat crew lb headed by the nationalh known Jennings twins Burl and Merle who have won just about ev try wrestling honoi available jn high school college and amateui wiestling including national colle
giite championships for the past
two seasons
Merle will probably be matched against Clint Sowar ds in the 128 pound class, while Burl should be foiced to go at top speed in the 136 pound division by Dan J4ettesheim, who has won three straight deci sions for the Boilermakers so far
this season
In the 121 pound class, Vernon Singleton inexperienced Boilermak Cl will tackle a tartar in Heib Thompson, 1941 National Junior A A U champion, while either George Steudel oi Marion Stack house will draw the assignment at 145 pounds against Bill Maxwell 1 rst year s N C A A title holder at 136 pounds The Riveters ue expected to fare better in the heavier weights Roger Claseman is given a good chance against Bill Ross at 156 pounds, as is undefeated Velmar Davis against John Lott at 165 pounds Eviston in the light heavyweight class and Ruggieri heavyweight are both Boileimal er point pi ospects against Moms Hathaway and Michael Den dimos, respectively Faculty Bowling LF\GUF STANDING
Eeb 15 19
W
L
Animal Husbandly
49
20
Enp,lish
47
22
Agiicultuial Extension
16
2
Civil En„ineerin„
12
27
Poulti y
42
27
Speech
42
27
Phy SICS
41
28
Physical Plant
40
29
Executive
39
oO
Electneal FngineGiing
39
30
Agiicultinal Chemistiv 1
,S
31
Hoitieultuie
17
)2
Nrval Tiainiiip, Station
36
Agii^,ultural Engineeiing
36
,5
Agionomy 2
36
3,
Cliemistiy 2
51
s5
Agiieultuial Chemistiy 2
34
"■S
Daily
>3
36
Foiestiv
3:,
36
Recitation
3>
36
R ulio Liigineeinig
32
17
Mechanical Engineeiin,,
32
ol
Agiieultuial Chemistiy 3
32
37
Agronomy 1
30
s9
Agi Lxpei iment Station
30
)0
Chemical Lngineeiing
27
12
Chemistiy 1
27
12
General rn^ineeimg
26
13
Gcneial Stores
26
13
Biolo,,y
23
16
Ph 11 m icv
2 5
16
Al my
19
50
High learn bets—Poulti
J
2860
Physics 2S45, General Stoi
es
275)
Animal Husbandly 2738
High leim G lines —
Poulti \
1015 ‘Vmmil Husbandly
9S6
Physics 968 Hoitieultuie
959
High Ind Sets—E P Ml
llei
637
SWINGS BONDS
tmu fiMii
I lost 595 W L Cl Ilk 571 Snclz Ici 565 Hi^h Ind (lames—Fiost 254 Millei 221 ( loniei 221 Sntfzlci 21 1 Hi^h Tt im Sets to Date—Fng lish 2909 Agi Extension 2891 Poultiv 2860 Phvsies 2859 Hu h Te im G imes to Datt—Fng lish 1049 Physics lOiO Geiiti il _Engi , 1023, Naval li Sta , 1022
has seen plenty of action on the Riveter squad this year at the forward post and will see plentv more over the weekend when the Lambert squad matches wits with Wisconsin and Indiana Baseball Nine Begins Indoor Practice Monday In Fieldhouse Battel y candidateb for the Boil eimikei b iseball nine will start in door piactiee in the Fieldhouse on Monday after noon Maich 8 it was rnnouneed today by Head Coach William Dutch Pehrin^ In the initial call foi balteiy can didates Fehinv emphasized that coiibidtration will be f,iven to all ispii lilts le^aidlesb of pievious expel lonce Need I oi Batten Combinations With the exieption ot r pan ot piteheis Fd MissHhoin majoi let teimin jiinioi turn Kendalv die intl livin^ (.Usemin nil loi letter n in senioi fiom Clii t ii low i the Boilc niilei-, will be st luin^ vn tuilly 1 om SCI itch 11 I uil In ^ bat teiy coinbinitions foi the coninu
season
Amon^ the known pitching pi os pects aie two stphoinoie membeis ol the bnlelbill &iuid Jtek Ken tiedy ot I Ol i n Ohio iiid Ed limra of Whitin^ ilon^ with Le Ro\ Ltutub \culin-, h isketball st u lom Pino \ ill ut lid Aa on Mil tin inotlici ficshiiitn fiom M ishin^ton II Iho Boilei ni ikeis will ted the loss ot Y iltoi Ltif hot ehcduied o itduition in Aind rnd Paul Pctiidi ace of 11 t you s stiff who h s ci listed in N IV il rvi iticn lose Ihiee t lUlie s I o Sen He's The c itc iin tilt 1 tot illv tit void ol oxpciicncc \\ ilcci Smith SOllholllO C bickslopptl ot list SCI son who was niiicd he in st v ilu iblt n’avci to tic tc im is n ivv i mci ibci ol It Vi n Vn t mis wliflc Jot 111! ui III WohIv W il ton 1 ) 1- I e I \ cs 1 u c 1h :h ^ i i
u uod
C itclii u pos i! ilitic 1 lu i bcl Bid 11 i ophoinoit lioiii Lu s-s ton who w 1 1 step tioni the hpid wood to the tliunonl i pin tt licshmcn t ukton Pilmti ot In tliuiipolis ai 1 Vltx ntlti K iv shitk ot Mithi ui t ity IitkKtlly stiiioi tioni Wokttt in I Don He i totk sophoiiioie fiom Uiuontown
lace but they have had their upsand downs the latest down came as i lesult ot a close 56 54 loss to N otthw ester n last Monday evening The outstanding achievement of the st ison for the Badgers was their 57 53 win over Indiana two weeks ago In this game Johnny Kotz, Badger storing ace went wild and hit the diaperies for 19 points His mate at the other forward post, Sullivan did likewise and also accumulated 19 points Both of these ^lads are seniois Other seniors on the Badger team who are rapidly bringing then collegiate hardwood careers to a close are Fred Rehra, veteran guaid, Ed Downs, George
Affeldt and Paul Bionson
Outlook Good
Coach Lambert’s Boilermakers'’ will be in top shape for the games this week end Duffy Friend has developed into an able replacement for the loss of Rudy Lawson to the All Corps last week Jack Kennedy, sophomore center or forward, proved hrs worth when he replaced Al Menke at center in the Iowa game and chopped in twelve markeis Captain Menke has been in a slump for the last few games and IS scheduled to pull out of it to put 1 brilliant finish on his season’s
record
Ehleis IS in rare form at this time of the season As proof of this, he shoved in 19 points in the lo-wa game The sophomore fonvard combination made up of Biggs and Brower has been clicking with consistency lately in both practice and games In the Iowa encounter, brawny Biggs got seven markers, meanwhile Biowei was speeding up and clow n the floor accumulating his total ot seven point Brddle, sophomore reserve guard, has been showing great possibilities lately in practice Her eplaced Fi lend in the Iowa game and rang up two buckets for the Riveters Wisconsin has an array of talent on then hardwood squad this season Johnny Kotz is at the head of the list on the Badger scoring column In the two games with Indiana eailiei this season, Kotz accumulated 32 points to boost his three year scoring lecoid to 472 points This beat the record held by Jewell Toung former Boilermaker scoring ice by five niiikeis Young’s aceumul itive total was 465 Since the uinouncement ot this record breaking f e it Kotz has played m two ^ames and has two more to go His fiiiil total should be well out of the icreh ot future Big Ten haidwood seoiing stais Jim Beers' Boxing Squad Opposes Culver Pugilists Jimmv Beeis boxing squad will travel to Culvei Saturday moirang to engage the pugilists from the Ac idemy in then second match of the season Yeeoidmg to Coach Beers about twelve men will mgke the tup as Culvei wants to box as m iny ol then men as they can This Culvei outfit is the same one winch a week ago defeated Vilpaiaiso 6 to 1, the latter of which deteated the Boilermakers, 1 to 3 two weeks ago Those who will piobably make the trip to Culvei lie 1 Mon 112 pounds, J Furl, U8 Pull Paiks 135 led Owens of the Navy 155 W W Anderson, 155 Don Heile l6o W Heron, 170, Jim Howell 175, Viigil Nicholgs, 17o I Mil luskas 175, D McMxl leu 175 uul J McMillen, heavy
w euht
A.!i
Wink Fthutu is issisting with spun,, iootball dull the eaity baseball drills will be in charge ot Vssistant Coaches O' S “Pop” Doan uul Bert Sanders, assisted by two scnioi membeis ot last year’s squad Waller Leifheit and Dick Mveis who aie scheduled tor grad« uatiou A.piil 20Mmit ,.1. '■V v\ f -4 ,] ^ i
iJ t
iF"W’F'^17^ P
Tvr«^>}
Ssj; U
fia
Flt^
hige 4
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, February 2S, 1943^
Do You Go To Church?. . . Survey Reveals Most Students Go To Church A question of mteiest on the campus is, “What percentage of Universit's students go to chinch The idea of this survey IS not an attempt to tell a student whethei he should attend religious seivices oi not, but merelv to disclose the numbei of eds and coeds that do oi do not go, and v ith -what i egulaiity
they do oi don’t
A total of 27 pel cent of the students intei viev ed staled that thej attended chinch legulaiIv Taking into consideiation Hpan Patter
the aieiage desiie foi lest on
Sunday moining aftei a i\eek (Continued tiom pa,.e 1) of rathei stienuoiis study, and engmeenng
a Saturday night of lather strenuous lelaxation this fifruic is amazingly laige Figuiing the total numbei of students as ihout 5 000, even with the An Coi ps calls and
the diaft that mean, tint a loung defeiiuig engnieei ainiv of about 1 350 studc, ts ciavl students mIio have completed at
from then beds once a week to it tend a leligious seiMcc As a lougli
day” leviews to chinch each Sun day if the students w eie now in uni
form
33% \ttend Occasionalh Each week this numbei would be
ncei ing colleges aio in unifoim
IM Schedules (Continued fioiii page 3)
veisity cadets down the stieet to gethei along with all ol the sailois in Caij Halls with a band and a legulai aiiny battalion oi so to 1 cop
them company
If such an opposing aimy of chuich going students could be ai laved theic would be onh 17 pei
cent of the student body left to stand Jump
along the sidewalks and cheei The one “coips day of students left howeiei would piobabh follow then custo)iiai\ Suiidai iiioining custom and sta\ pcacefulh ni bed
An Intel esting suie note on the P'omiitlj .q that the meet m i\
suivev was that most oi the stu dents who said that thei attended I'egiilailj weie meiiibeis of the fltshnian class while the lunio s and seniois fianklj stated that they seldom oi iio\ci attended—except when thei had dates foi Sunday moining The coeds weie iiotabh nioie conscientious about then legu larity of chuich going than the eds Twelve o clock horn s may h n e some influence on this moie leligious stand taken In the fciii ile of the
species
t t w ilh( ut un del i\
which an unbiased opinion eoiiceiii ing the habits of the Unncisity cd
and coed mat be di aw ii
Type of Pci Cent Attendance Students Regular 27 Occasionalh 15 Only at home 22 Nevei 17
yiCTORY
BUY UNITED STATES WAR BONDS
AND
STAMPS
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
GRIN AND BEAR rr
piofessioii to iiisuie an adequate and continuous supply of well edu cated and thoioughly qualified en ginecib foi seivice to the wai nidustiies as well as in the aimed foices ‘ While Selective Seivice has been
least one year s woik in an accredited professional engineering cm
estimate that would be equivrlent mdustiy to marching one and one h ilf corps satisfied until an nidus
ti\ leseice is set up so that young people can piepaie for service to war industry uiidci conditions which aie not mateinlly diffeient from those planned by the Ainiy and augmented bv some portion of the
two “corps drvs of students who engineering students will attend occasionalh The two re deferment when the iiia Mews figure was reached by esti- students in eng.
Personnel Notes Companies Scheauled to Visit Campus Phillips Pefioleum Co, Bartlesville, Okla —March 1 American Can Co , Maywood, Illi nois —March 1 Inter tested in Cheniists, ChE, MetE (Men and women) Zenith Radio Corpoi atio^n, Chicago, 111—March 4 Interested in April and August EE
Notices
These companies do not plan to MSit the campus, however, they are interested in students Tor employ ment Standard Oil ( o of Ohio, Cleveland Ohio—Interested in ME Sign in Pcisoniicl OfTice by 12 noon Sat uiday Peb 27 P’11C Railioad Co, Marion, Ohio— Intercsted in ME Sign in Personnel Olhcc by Satiiiday noon, Peb 27
Intoi Illation can also be obtained at the Peisonnel Office regarding scholai ships, fellowships and as sistantships at Univeisity of Penn sylvania Flctchei School of haw and Diplomacy Medfoid Mass,
New Toik University
Rationing has hit giandpa pietty haid—-no one will listen to AIME To Hold
his tale of haidship when he was young ”
No Notices will be accepted for tbia column after 6 p m on the day prcccdinK: the issue Navy V 1, V 6 and V 7 Member*! of Nnvy Unlisted Reserve who do not have pocket cards to prove membership in the Navy Rcse \e should leave name place and dito of induction home addiess and classi tication in my office A request for these cards will be made to the Office of Naval Officei Procurement —KNAPP DeMolays A smoker will be held at the Acacia fiaternity house next Thursday Feb 25 at 7 30 p m All DeMolays arc cordially invited to ittcnd Thtie will be plenty of cijzarettcs foi ill Rtficshments will be fati\cd HORTII Roger Williams Foundation Di Joseph Robbins of New Yoik will speak to the stu dints ot the University on I riday it t 1 > in the I ( undation loom <1 tlu West latiyitU H iptist chiich All students arc inv ted to this meelin^ WI NDFI I All Women Students The St T ouis Girl Scout Council Is in need of girlb to nirk in their eimp this summci Jobs avail ibic are unit lei dll assistant unit loadci and Mater fiont diratoi Ai v one intirostel shnill t Uihjiu 1 come in ti tfi PI icemcnt Serv 1C foi W men (29 ) immediati ly
-FFLDl
Cheerleadcis Piactico tverv ifteinoon this week it 1 00 p m in tlu I leldhouse - SCHWAB Met Students Metallurgical Unginetrinp studfnti, in the Knlistid Jltscrvi Coips who hive not upoitcd to Room B 7 Armorv to leeoid the t icl that they are Metallurgical Enc,Hueis shciild miort at nut ROBINSON
Activities Bureau Coed Workers Craig* Bower Fuchs Coopei Lane, Wade Schnaff» Matson Hill Blow Conrtelley, Griffith, Ccarff Walkei Report to Activities Buieau
office Monday March 1 at 4 16
viewing School Important —TYLER Camera Club Meeting Wednesday March m room 363 of the Union at 7 80 p m Piof Hawkins will speak on infra red pho logrnphy and lules foi spring salon will be announced “ STOCKMAN AIMC Meeting February 2B at ^ 30 p m in room 236 of the Union Movies on Work mg ( f Cojiper and Heat Treating and
Oxy acetylene Tlame will be
—HECKAlvD
All Students Arc invited to attend a lcc» ture by Di C H Robcitson on A Popular Reflective Review ot Mathematics on Ihursdnj Feb 25 from 7 till 8 1' loom 355 of the Union —AYRES HKN Smoker Thursday I eh 25 at 7 30 p m 111 the Fast faculty I ounire of the Union PELTASALO Tau Beta Pi Business meeting Tuesday Maich i It 7 70 P 111 in loom 730 of dihe UilDi 111 tion to leplace lost lecordingr seiretaiN Discussion of how to save some money _ -SFDDON Kappa Delta Pi McctiiiK Thuisday Peb
2 in lo ni 212 f the Uiii )ii
JOHNSON
GF 1 and GF 2 There will be no meeting of iithoi CL 1 Ol GE 2 on Saturday Feb 27 Wiiteh this coiimin on Thursday and Friday 1 suih if tlu Exponent foi meetings scheduled on Mirch C KNAPP Dolphin Club Important meeting Tuesdae night Mileh 2 it " 15 p m in room 101 (f the luldhonse SMITH
mating the numbei of students in one coips daj as about 850 Thiit\ three pei cent ot those inteiviewed chose occasionally as then answ ei to the question of chinch attend ance Those who attend legulaily
and occasionalh make a total ot 60 lopicsented the Sammies while pel cent oi a laige majoiitt ot the Sauttei 1 horn is and Dingle weio student bod\ battling ioi the Sigma Phi Fpsilon
If to this total is added the 22 pel house
cent of the students who s i\ that thev attend leligious sci\ ccs ‘only The follow mg li atei nities will i c when I m home the chinch attend poit loi Volleyball it 7 00 Thins ^ance on this campus is almost d u, Febiuaiy 25 Phi Kappa Sig amazingly laige At that late about „ia Phi Kappa Tau Pi Kippa 83 pel cent of the campus IS within ph, Si-na Alpha Fpsilon Si„ma the influence oi some chinch Again Alphi Mu Sigma Chi Si-,ma Nu tailing back to the simile ol maich- Sigma Phi Epsilon Sigma Pi Tc u mg cadets in ROTC this would be Epsdon Phi f ui Kippa Epsilon the equivalent of mniching all Uni ^heU Chi Theta f ui liiangle
University Calendar Thursday, February 25
3 00 P M Scicen Revieyy 7 00 PM How to Study Gioup 7 00 P M Et i K ipp 1 Nil Smokei 4 00 P M Rationing
H ill of Music Room 307 Union M Faculty Lge Union \o Ball] oom. Union
Pni Si_nii Kippi and Ihcta \i The second halt ot tne lialciinl hack meet will be heh' Flnnsdiy c\eni'li,_ Febiuiiy 25 it 1 15 Ihf lollowiiK is the schedule cl c\cnt. 60 Yaid low Iluidle 4 15)) in
1 15 17 n •i 1 ) ]7 n
J40 5; u d D ish 1 0 ji m Mile Run 1 15 p m Rclij — 1 men hilt lip 5 00 p ni Please hiyc you men on hind
LOCAL WOMAN SPONSORS NON-PROFIT LOAN FUND
Alls Dctai 111 Russell Stieel i. conducting i non piofit loan tund loi Unnoi.ily students She is in Icicsted in hel))iim students yvho I un shoit oi money tcmpoiaiih while waitiim loi checks lioin home Ol ]ol)s Nomin il amounts ol money
T*i"ii j- 4 11 , '2 bciiow loi i shoit peiiod A table ot nguics lollows Jiom , , , , , ,
ot lime-it no costs y\h, tsocyei Mm Detai his supplied the jni I il capital hopin„ th it students who use the seiMcc ind thinl it woithwhilc muht conUibutc sm ill amounts to be added lo the lund \o leleicnces will be lequiicd only
the woid of th bonowci
Students m iv call ai the iliove addiess uiy day liom 10 00 i ni to 4 00 j) m Ol Jioni 8 00 p m to
10 00 p 111 to II1 angc i loan
Dr. C. H. Robertson
w ill s|3eal tod ly on A Pop
ulai Pcficctiye View oi AI ithc matics 1 his lectin o is the thud II 1 1 Tup of five Iceluies 1 ho Icc tuic \m'1 be ^i\en in loom J55 ol the Ui ion I he lectuic is open to
the public and sluts it 7 p m
Ginrkh Speaks At Dairy Club Meeting AA lync Giniich lepi esent itivc of Soaltest md a Uinvcisily ^i ukatc siioke biiclly to the Dmy Club at itsie^ulu monthly meclm which was held 1 uesd ly in ht m Pooin J08 ot Smith II ill Cl much ilso showed motion picluics to the membcis The ^ei c il I ip c oi tijc s]7ccch and the pictincs w is ^c il to.t a id A ou He showc 1 hiiefl m the ) ic me the bciltesL sy stc n—its uncten. its aims its 17CC11C ilions loi ep cialions iiid lot iiqloMe. ind methods cm|ilo\c(i iiy the comp ty P miphlots c 11! 1 ^ 111 1 ituc in tc! 1 il ind 1 1 (1 in itni 1 c iil Sc life SI pi occ.s y 010 di ti ibi ted to ill pie.cut
Cadeti’es A ou may obbun a siibsciiplion to the I xponent m the main olliec ol AAood Ila'l at any time dining the next week Please be sine to include youi box numbei as well as youi name on the sub.enplion blank
C.A.SLOAT to SPEAK AT AI CHE MEETING MAR. 3 C [it C 'A Sloat of the Cnilian Pioteetion School at the Unucisitv will be the „uest speakoi at i meeting ot the Ameiiean Society ot C hemic il Fimineeis to he held next AAcdnesdiv ni i oom 103 ot the iRusies building at 7 >0 p m His id loct will he fostin^ loi AAai G ISC ’ ( ipt Sloit In (haige (apt bio it is m eh ICC ol lib 0 l( y msti letion m the Chcmicil y\ 111 uc sf hool bem,, conducted loi tie ( Pb and is a le.eiec officei in the Chemical AVaitue Sciyiee Iks leetuie will bo illustiatcd by tests ind demonsti ations showing methods ot testing and detection ot y 1117US yy ii ^ iscs
Meeting Tonight Amoiican Institute oi Metal luigieil Engmecis yvill hold its bi monthly nmeting tonight at 7 30 in loom 2 36 ot the Union Pyvo films on mctalluigy will be shoyyn it that time The fiist, en titled The AAorking ot Coppei” yyill show" methods used in extiu&ion and toiging ot eoppei Anothci film yyill demonsti ite the tieating ot steel bv use ol the oxy leetylone
il inie
1 he piogiam is planned foi tnosc m the mctalkugicil cngineeiing school md foi anyone inteiested in the subject
George Club Chapter lYitclinr at 30 p ni riiur d i\ in i )om 38S of the Union GEORGE Cadette*; Aero s Me h Meeting ol the I At S Ihursdiy evening Pebruary 25 it 30 p m in 1 Dom lOS of the M I bi ild II g 1 in Amtnein movie Tian paeihc lid NACA movit Iti Btttei Ant raft in th Woild )f Tom irrow BRINK (o‘<ino|)olitan Club Mctlinj., li las Ftb ( at t U 1 m in r m 301 t I th U i D01\
Placement Notes For Women College seniois m ly compete for two national scholarships toi study at Katheuno Gibbs School for Secictaiies in Boston and Neyy Yoik These scholai ships consist ol full tuition toi the special couise plus a cash ayyaid oi ‘l>300 to each yvinnei Applications must lie filled out not latci than Apiil 1 loi fuithei mloimition call the Place ment Seivice toi Women PATRONIZE FAPONENr ADVERTISERS
Classified Ads ROOMS ARC NEEDED If voii have one—lei the students know UT The Exponent Classified Ads Call—4005 Circulation.
Typewriters Adding machines all makes sdd r< nted repaired and purchased Mimeograph woik done C J Fbershoff 606 Mam, 1 if lyettc PI one 27''0 Money to looan On diimonds watches, guns luggage type writers Alberts Loan Ofliec 40"’ Columbia For Rent—Study room and bleeping porch, S ntable lor oni ( r two boys Phone 41791 anted—Two last stmestcr Debris Phone 31 0 aft r 0 p m Lost—A gray tipcoat Made by Ri hmond Brilhers Ph)rc8l21 W 213 Reward or Stolen—K & F I og loog Docitrig Slidt Huh Riwird foi information ngarding t) whiu ibout Name engravtd on both else ml r il Ft A Kemper Phono 2362 For Rent—To mal st ulonts laige room, (win 11 31J W Oik St 2492 lor Rent—Single sleeping room modern 2 l( I ittU ton
Soulhworth’s
yiAA
pi mi 11 V election loi AA A. V liiiceis lield yesteidiy aileiiiojn m idc itf ehaimes m nominations ind the le^ula election yyill be held M ednesd u Much in the AA oin en s jn All letive mombcis iii eli..,ible to y ole
SOLVENTOL
Tile New
Seiisatioiiai, AM Purpose Wall Cleaner lARues a ( lean l?ase ior Repainliiij* Kind lo lh(‘ Skin Economical: 27e buys jiowder for 4 gallons -SUM), 32 gallons Edgertoo Hardware E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 Wesf Lafayetfe
ahSL
St
>9
jpiL
‘Aiahiinj!^ io wsaIl lAncisL Santl
Now is the timeHere is the place
to unload those
USED iOOKS ’which you no longer need YOU’LL get MORE in CASH or TRADE
Diinr
PIJIRDUETOKe.WPLVME
308 to ITATE UREEt WE IT LAFAYETTE IND
Southworth’s
$3.50 NOW
. lEIRIS
Mailed Anywhere io U. S. for 25c Extra On Sale al West Desk ol Union, in front of Sweet Shop. Debris Business Office, and Anyone on Sales Staff.
$4.00
After March 1
4 V I V ( r T
L