'.?•> ■■'> ;#’T' . '.ft .1,' ^ / k f I I Jt 1' , Srj
%H^V'»‘^t^“'iji'; .!ftU' V/i|V .■* -, ftii *• ' U--^ ft< <-1 ‘ ’ /
' ,v' t^ ' V J*
+ "i ) w l^r '
V ‘
i fl ‘)'^ •* < k
^ 4. i ■* ^
■=0 / ^
y*" y-^
(JlTC
[Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
TSxaanent
y?%i ^ ^ J ?®S i^-A W
^<7|y V/'*.
VOLUME :XLVm
LAFAYETTE, INDIAl^A, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1936
MUIIBERB
FANS TO DISPLAY LOYALTY TONIGHT AT MASS MEETING IN JEFF GYM AT 7:30
Lease 5 New Test Tube Residences ^ Cost Analyses Will Be Made On Housjlng Research Buildings Five houses greeted by the Purdue Housing Research Project have been completed and have been leased to tenants. Prank Watson, director of the Research Project, is occupying the wood frame and stucco house designed by J. Andre’ Pouilhoux, New York City. Harold Watts, of the University English department, has leased the prefabricated house designed and erected by General Houses, Inc., Chicago. Elmer Burnham, University athletic department, selected the all-wood house, designed by McNally and Quinn, UTcbitects, Chicago. West Lafayette high school is well represented on the Purdue Housing Research Campus with Doxie Moore, athletic director, occupying the steel house designed and erected by the Insulated Steel Construction Company, Middletown, Ohio, and Leslie Tucker, of the high school teaching staff, is living in the reinforced concrete house designed by Burnham Brothers and Hammond, architects, Chicago. Two Objectives The present housing research studies have two principal objectives. The first was a cost study of small houses. To Uiis efid a different construction method was used in erecting each house, but each house limited in cost to $5,000 and each providing the same room accomodations. Accurate account was kept of the cost of all items entering into each house. These costs are now being studied, analyzed and tabulated. The cost data on one house has been completed and published as one of the booklets being issued by Home Information Service of' Better Homes in America during 1936. Booklets covering the cos^ of the other four houses will be published as rapidly as the data can be prepared for publication. Test Equipment The second phase of the research project’s activity will consist of the observation of the performance of equipment installed in the various houses, the durability of the various construction materials used, and the qualtity and cost of such items as coal, gas, water and electricity required to operate them. This will be a continuous activity carried on over a period of time in cooperation with the tenants living in the houses.
Picnic At WAA Cabin For Transfer Women Transfer students mill be the guests of their mentors at a picnic to be held at the W, A. A. cabin today. All tho^ attending are to meet at the Women’s Gymnasium at 6 o’clock and transportation will be provided.
Discussion Group Studies Senate Work “The Student Senate, its errors and purposes,” was the topic of the Discussion ^rroup which met in room 2 of the Union Building last night. The subject for the next meeting y|ll be “Politics”.
FROSH-VARSITY TICKETS
All persons who have purchased tickets to the frosh-var-sity football game which was postponed last week keep your tickets until plans are made either to play the game at a later date or to refund your money. ^ j —HODGDON,
Old Kappk House Claims New Set Of Tenants. New Name—^^The Barracks^^
“The Barracks”—^no not a mess hall for rhinies nor is there a captain on the premises I It is a dwelling place of nineteen girls at 102 Andrew Place who have decided to distinguish themselves in such soldierly fashion. They were tired, they said, of explaining that they were not Kappas (the Kappas moved from there you know), and furthermore they insisted that their home was far too superior to be dubbed a boarding house. Therefore at a house meeting held last Monday night this group unanimously agreed to be known as “the Barracks”. The title is one that has been
in popular campus use for ,some time. These girls wish to announce that to all telephone calls “the Barracks” will replace \|he prosaic “hello”. So in case you call 2461 and get “the Barracks” do not hang up in consternation and confusion—it is not the Armory or a browsing room for the R. O. T. C. Officers who were elected for the first semester at the house meeting include Daisy Brewer, president; Margaret Amsden, secretary-treas-urer; and Louise Smith, social chairman. Mrs. Quinn Lewis is the chaperone of “the Barracks”.
Radio Club To Meet Tonight Initial Gathering To Be Held At 7:30 In Union Radio club will hold its initial meeting of the year at 7:30 o’clock this evening on the second floor of the new Union Building annex. Every student interested in amateur radio work is invited to attend this short organization meeting. In addition to the regular meetings, w^i<:h feature talks and demonstrations by leading radio and electrical experimenters on the campus, the clu^ maintains a 2p0 watt short waii^e ^phofie tiknsmitti^r, W9YB. ' This transmitter will be available fpr use by licensed members of the club.
Cosmopolitan Will Hold Reception The opening meeting and reception of the Cosmopolitan club, to introduce new members, will be held in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union, tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock. A program has been arranged and lefreshments will be served. All interested students and faculty members are invited.
Injuries Halt Mrs. Rohde’s Trip Mrs. Ruth Bryan Rohde, who spoke in Lafayette last week, was forced to discontinue her speaking tour when she fractured her leg on September 22 at a Washington, Indiana, tourist camp. Mrs. Rohde fractured her leg when she stepped from the automobile trailer in which she and her husband were traveling. She was taken to the Daviess County hospital where she will remain ffor three or four weeks.
Prof. Hall To Speak At Monthly Ag Luncheon Members of the agricultural instructional experiment station, and extension staffs will meet Monday noon, September 28, in the Memo-' rial Union Building to hear Prof. Frank Hall discuss “How the United States Department of State Sees Present and Prospective World Conditions”. The ag staff luncheon is a regular monthly event. This moptb the committee in charge of the luncheon consists of 0. G, ^ohaningsnieier, chairman; V. C. Freeman, Meta Martin and R. C. Baines.
Lockers Now Availahlc For All Bowlers lu Union Manager Stueckey announced that lockers are noyr available at a nominal fee for bowlers ip the Union. If yon intend to play, please wear rubber-heeled shoes.
Rare Books On Display McGuffey Collection Shown In Library An exhibit of McGuffey Readers, together with books ^and articles about William H. McGuffey who, one hundred years ago, began the publication of a series of school readers that became famous throughout Ohio, Indiana and neighboring states, is now on display in the University Library. These formerly popular books are now in much demand for collectors due to the fact that they are seldom found in good comlition. Thougibthe, Library’s copies are much worn and are not of the first editions, they serve to give a good idea of the scope and usefulness of these famous volumes. The Bruce Rogers Collection has been rearranged and is also on display. One case showing fifteen examples of bindings and ten varieties of title-pages.
Radio Announcers Needed For Game All students desiring to annqunce for football games are requested to submit their written application by tomorrow noon, Sept. 26, to C. E. Dammon, director of WBAA, the University broadcasting station, at the Engineering Administration Building. Those applsring for the position should list all of their football experience and knowledge of the game. There will be a special audition for those applying for the job tomorrow evening at 7 o’clock at tho station. The one selected will be assigned to the Ohio University game Saturday.
Chinese Students Will Have Basketball Team With a large nuipber of students registered, the Chinese Students club has decided to organize a basketball team for the present year. The team will arrange contests with other similar teams from near-by universities and those from various organizations. Twenty Chinese students have registered in the University thjs year, seven of whom are registered for the firsf time. A banquet has been planned by the club as a welcome to the new mepibers. The officers of the Chinese organization for the coming year are; J. Lee, president; T. H. Choa, secretalry, and F. Toy, treasurer.
Cheers, Uep Talks, Songs, Music Of Bands Features Of Program
Call Workers For Play shop May Sign Up For Committee Work At 4 pTmI Today In Union Persons interested in working on Playshop committees this year may sign up today at 4 o’clock at the Playshop desk on the second floor of the Memorial Union Building. The various committees are: publicity, stage crew, lighting crew, make-up, costume, business, properties, production, art staff, secretarial staff, and house committee. Several members of Playshop will be present at the desk tomorrow afternoon to explain further details of each committee. The committees will begin immediately on the coming production “Ladies of the Jury.” An announcement of the cast will be made within a few days.
Slide Rule Class Today The haze which surrounds the mysteries of the operation of the “slip-stick” will bo dispelled this ^ternoeW' at 4 o’Cloek-in -room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building, when, under the joint tutelage of Professors F. D. Martin and J. N. Arnold, slide rule classes will begin. The lessons are of one hour duration, carry no University credit, and are open to anyone who owns or can borrow a rule. Since an overflow class is expected; and for the benefit of those whose “ordered” rules have not yet been delivered, today’s lesson will be repeated neXt Wednesday. The same is trpe of the 6ctober 1 lesson. The complete schedule is: Sept. 24 apd 30—Simple multiplication and division. Oct. 1 and 7—Combined multiplication and division. Oct. 8—Squares, cubes, square roots and cube roots. Oct. 16—Short cuts, use of folded scales and inverted scales. Oct. 22 — Trigonometric scales and logarithms. Oct. 29— Raising numbers to fractional powers.
Newman Club To Hold Freshman Reception Newman club will give a reception for all Catholic freshmen tomorrow night at 8 o’clock in the new gymnasium of St. Mary’s church. The church address is 1207 Columbia Street, Lafayette. Entertainment will include refreshments and dancing to the accompaniment of an orchestra. The purpose of the reception is to give Catholic freshmen a chance to meet their classmates and also members of higher classes.
NOtiCE
An opportunity for a position in the intramural department is open for a youpg man who is willing and able to handle men’s archery. Int^yested persona contact Mr. Clevett at the intramural office,’
Record Qrowd Attends Annual Com Field Meet A record crowd of over 400 farmers and vocational agriculture boys attended the annual corn and soybean field day at the University soil and crops farm, Tuesday, Prof. A. T. Wiancko and R. R. Mulvey, in charge of the program, reported that the interest in crops and experimental work was the keenest in years.
SOPHOMORES
All sophomores interested in Union work report to the Union ballroom today at 4 p. m, —SHOEMAKBB^
Speakers First speaker qf the evening will be Henry Marshall, Sr., publisher of the Journal-Courier. Fritz Ernst, vice president of the American Rolling Mill Company, will follow him op the program. Sports writers who will headline the speaking program are: Arch Ward, sports editor of the Chicago Tribune; Blaine Patton, sports editor of the Indianapolis Star; Eddie 4-sh, of the Indianapolis Times; Bill Fox, of the Indianapolis News; and Leo Fischer, of the Chicago American. Ex-Govemor Here John L. Griffith, athletic commissioner of the Big Ten, and ex-Gov-ernor Harry G. Leslie will also talk at tonight’s meeting. ' Joe Andrew will be the last speaker of the evening. At the close of his talk he will introduce Coach Noble E. Kizer from the floor. Kizer will say a few words at that time, but will not speak from the rostrum.
Lay den. Ward, Patton, Pox, Leslie, Brassy, Ash$ Fischer, Griffiths Will Address Assembly Loyalty talks, cheers, singing and the music of two bands will be features of a mass meeting tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the Jefferson high school gjnnnasium, which is expected to bring together the largest and most enthusiastic group ever
to cheer the old gold and black. School songs and pep songs will be played by the Purdue Military Band, under the direction of Prof. P. S. Emrick. The Men’s Glee club, with the leadership of A. P. Stewart, will also sing a few selections. The Jefferson high school band will play several times duripg the evening. Elmer Layden, head football coach of Notre Dame, sent a telegram to the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce which is arranging the program, saying that he would be glad to attend and give a short talk to the assembled fans. The Boilermaker football squad and the coaching staff will sit in a reserved section on the mam floor near the front. All other seats Will be unreserved. Chairs have been placed on the gym floor so as to swell the accomodations of the gym
to 6,000.
Decorate Gym Gimlet and Skull and Crescent members will act as ushers in the gym which has been decorated in gold and black. The whole town of Lafayette will be dressed with flags for the occasion and will remain in holiday style until after the game
Saturday.
The master of ceremonies, Larry Downs, president of the I. C. Railroad, will be introduced by Herbert L. Graves, president of the chamber of commerce. Downs, C. E. ’94, was a player on the first Purdue foqtball team to remain unbeaten throughout the season.
Forum Meets This Evening Schaaf, Murray Lead Discussion On Greek
Letter SocieRes
Under the supervision of the Religious Council, a stpdent forum will be held this evening at 7:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Manorial Union. The forum has been established with the aim of acquainting freshmen with the advantages and disadvantages of firatemity and sorority life. Mis^ Sarah Schaaf, president of the Women’s Pan-Hel-lenic Council, and anothmr student, Ronald Murray, will lead the dis-
cussion.
All freshmen are urged to attend this important meeting whose goal is “the right fraternity or sorority
for the right person”.
Dean Censors Dark Spots On U. Of C. Canipus The campus of the University of California needs enlightening, according to latest reports from the west coast. At a request from the dean of women, a commission was appointed to explore the “dark spots” on the campus pathways «tiii make recommendations for mafeing the campus brighter. The chairman of the committee has high hopes for its snccess and said, when contacted recently, “We have a map of the suspected areas, so we anticipate no
trouble.”
NYA Students Paid Far Grades In the future good grades wiB also mean more pay as far ^ NYA workers in Los Angeles Junior College are concerned. Dean Kenneth M. Kerans has been granted permission by the California Youth Administration to pay 60 cents an hour to all NYA studenty |n the college who have a superior scholarship rating. “We are being given the assistance of the state NYA in establishn ing this higher rate as a means of rewarding good scholarship,” said Mr. Kerans. The new rate will represent an increase of 14 cents per hour over the present rate.
Fraternity Softball Tourney Starts Today Fraternity softball artists will havq*a chance to show the results of their practice games in the interfraternity softball competition beginning this afternoon on Intramural Field at 4 o’clock. Thirty-six fraternities will play their first tournament games today and since practice games were played Monday and Tuesday, the teams will be fairly well organized and should play baseball that will be interesting to spectators. The Phi Gamma Delta's, who won last year’s competition, do not plan to relinquish their position, so other fraternities desiring>the <ffiampionship will have to convinco Qig Jplil Gam's, along with several o^er houses, that they really want that “mug for the mantle”.
Westminster Group Drop-bi Tomorrow Westminster Foimdation will hold an informal drop-in for students following the pep session tomorrow night at the Foundation House, 129t Sheets St., from S:30 to o’clock. A program of games and entertainment has been arranged for the evening.
SENIORS All seniors meet on Stuart Fieid Saturday at for the cord parade. Report to your group leader: Ag, Townsend: Ch. E„ Hunt and Perkins; C. E. ihroldl; E. E., Morris and Loehr; HL R* Dwight and Wait; RhiWto. €L Brewer; Sei. Btocqidtoraon.
^ 5*^ ? J
P 1/ i
'■A^ VclJ -- ^
If if-» U f''-*’ ! .
s.
filatc Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
' ’ ’S> < I ‘ ' ^t‘ ' * , Thnysdaj^, September 24, 1986
The Editor Says
Loyalty
All LOYAL Boilermakers will attend the loyalty meeting tonight in the Jefferson high school gymnasium. No loyal student will be absent. The meeting was organized to demonstrate to all doubters that alumni, students, faculty and friends are backing Coach Kizer and his grid warriors to the limit. Eminent persons who are closely related to Purdue are making special trips to be present and show their loyalty; prominent sports writers from all points will be present and will carry back with them evidence of the deep affection that alumni, students and friends feel for Purdue. Tragedy struck a mighty blow at the team last week. The gridmen have emerged with a fighting spirit that is unbeatable. The rest of us will show ho\ir we feel at that meeting tonight, where a program of extreme brilliance will be offered. Although Tonmy^ and Carl will be remembered by all who attend, the meeting is not a memorial except as all similar meetings are tributes to those who have gone as well as to those who earry on.
Freshman Individuality
The only considerable group of non-conformists and extreme individualists on a university’s campus are its freshmen. They have great class pride but are ashamed to be freshmen. That is not the paradox that it seems. They take pride, as they should, in their class, in its members and activities, but they resent the idea of being the underdogs, the little fellows, the looked-down-upons. The more sensible do not experience this feeling; they realize that they have much to learn about the university and its customs and traditions and set out to make themselves a fitting part of it. Others do have this feeling of resentment, but rather than magnif jdng it, they sensibly conceal it. In time they come gradually and easily to the correct interpretation of their place in university life. The ostentatious majority—or perhaps it is a minority that makes itself seem a majority through its display—shows its resentment and manifests its individuality in obnoxious forms. This group is the one which storms theaters, destroys street cars, and mobs objectors. Fraternities and honorary groups do their part in the social orientation of these newcomers. It is to be hoped that such persons read this article and take it to heart. It offers no suggestions and little advice except to stop and think. It is hoped that thought arising from it may spare these individualists much pain, sorrow, and regret in the months to come, and start them off on the right foot.—J. E. B.
Germany And Japan
Between Germany and Japan lies Russia, and thereby hangs a tale. The Reich and the Japs have many things in common—lust for territory, belief in the religion of the state, and militaristic rule, among others. The Russians apparently have somewhat simi*lar beliefs, but in actuality their ideas are in opposition. They have a dictatorship, but one in which anyone may rise to power; they have no desire at present to acquire territory. Rumors of an alliance between Germany and Nippon, directed at Russia, have been current for the past several months, although denied by the two nations involved. Judging from the evidence, there is much to favor the truth of such rumors. The only real argument against such an alliance is that Japan gained a number of German islands after the last war, and now the Reich is making a bid for their return. Experts on international politics are inclined to believe that steps have been taken to cemeni; the rumored friendship. In fact, they look to this hatred as a possible cause of the next war. At least they are sure that Germany and Japan will be allies, rather than enemies, when that war rolls around.
If, by a great act of faith, each and every nation will Jnow summon the courage to take a decisive step in general disarmament, conditions throughout the world will so improve that we can henceforth face the future with a real feeling of security and confidence.—Norman H. Davis.
$urbue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
Member of National CoUetre Press Association, Six Ten Editorial Association Excluaivelr B^resented by National Advertisingr Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New Yoric City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8,B0 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6038 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITOBIAL STAFF Editor-in-Cbief W. T. Hunt Managing Editor . — E. H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. B. Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manion, O. L. Sadler
SPOBTS STAFF Sports Editor — — L. D. Wood S^late Sports Editors W. H. Fifield, S. B. Griffiths, B. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Bnsiness Manager — B. J. Hulse - Matioiial Affverttoing Manager _L. H. Brown leoctd Advertising Manager D. O. Miller Circulation Manager ,.J. P, Girard
WOMEN'S STAFF Uttor. - .Helen Creech AdreytiBing Manager...— Betty Barnett AwoeiateEdftors— Jeanne Janousek, li^artn^.
|c»iiD Editor’T-R. W. Eichrodt
a' . ^ ; ,1. \
Readers’ Opinions
Tht Expomnt wehomes eomMenU of good toiU md reosonahh
length from ttt readers.
The Union Directory
To the Editor: The letter of C. V. and B. R. has been read by us with vast astonishment. They say that the printed student directory does not appear until two months after registration is over. This is true, for it is essential that the printed directory be correct. It is read and checked and reread many timei^^ But can it be that so large a number of students ^ave not seen or do not use the directory that appears within three weeks after registration ? Every^ year the Student Union issues a mimeographed directory containing the same information that appears in the printed one. It is made up with the Expenditure of considerable time and effort by volunteer workers, and we had hoped that it was to benefit all the students as well as the faculty members. This letter is being written for the benefit of C. V. and B. R. and other students who have not been aware of this directory. Obviously the Union cannot give a copy to every student, but we have tried to place one within easy reach of everyone. The following are supplied with these temporary directories: the head of each department on the campus, the offices of every major activity, all sororities, fraternities, and clubs, and copies are distributed at every place where students gather to use phones, including the Union desk. We hope that this year Cur directory will be of use to and will help everyone. —L. M.
Editor’s Note: The Student Union is to be commended for its efforts, and it is indeed unfortunate that copies are so limited. But still I can see no reason why the more compact and legible printed directory is not issued more quickly.
Secret Practice
To the Editor: For ten years I have been a resident of Lafayette and for the same ten years I have never witnessed a practice session of a varsity football team. I have also been a loyal rooter at a number of games. What I am trying to say is that I have never seen anything displayed on the football field in the way of trick plays or outstanding plays that warrants secret practice. In my opinion there is no better team on the field than a Purdue team, and to date I have never seen a better eleven perform. I think secret practice should be abolished. Not only here but at all schools. It tends to quiet the interest created after every game. The only time the general public is permitted to see a team in action is to pay for a seat on a Saturday afternoon. The abolishment of secret practice should create a livelier interest in a team and also bring more would-be fans to the games. I am sure most of the students and townspeople would respond and tuTn out en masse to help our team come through.—C. R. Bauer.
Oh, hello! Well, the first item of interest seems to be the rumored marriage of a Beta. It seems this geiitleman either covered up or applied for his license out of tovm, as the gal at the license bureau ain’t puttin’ out noth-
Bowl your rushees over by bowling. If the Kappas can do it, you, too, cap do likewise. After bowling a strenuous game. Kappa JONES rushed to the scales to be greeted by 127 pounds.
Rushee, rushee in ’er brook. Pi Phis catch ’em id ’er hook. Coke ’em, feed ’em, pledge as can; Never mind the rushing plan.
And things still come in from the freshman mixer. It seems DAVE WILLIAMS refused to take ANN DOUGHERTY to the dance, so she wore his pin closer to his heart— closer by the thickness of a dress.
The mule he are a funny bird. He hair are long and thick; He are mostly ears and head. And a lot of he are kick. —Swiped.
Pi Phi KERNEL is studying this semester so she can be a good girl— and besides, she has to pay tribute to that I. U. pin.
Overheard at W. R. H.—“Oh, she’s the Alpha Chi pledge at the other end of the hall.” Band-leader BUD BRYANT, it appears, is out to “swing” the heart of frosh BETTY MASTERS.
Editor’s Note: The elimination of secrecy in practice would probably result in more interest, as Mr. Bauer has said. But 1 believe that Coach Kizer knows what he is doing when he makes the practices closed to the public. His aim is to turn out good football teams, and if he thinks the loss of interest is overbalanced by the gains in performance, he should keep the field closed.
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER
The Exfontnt vtlll not assume responsihUity for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of At mriter.
I Didn’t Raise My Son
S. P. E.’s SOLES and WRAY must be in the dough—at least they were looking at a Lincoln touring car— or maybe it was under pressure from Pi Phi AUDREY BLOW.
KEYS Keys for tranks, door locks, desk locks, nisht latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“They’d like an estimate on feathering their nest.”
Prexy S. A. A. HUGHES lost that fur patch on his upper lip, when he was attacked by “a group of unknown numbers.” (he says)
There’s still that MARS offer for the best printable “Knock, Knock.”
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
119 Vz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
John Sperb
Ehrdware, Paint and Glass
To Be A Soldier
Everywhere editorials and speakers are condemning the nations of Europe for being miltaristic and constantly preparing for war. It is claimed that coiistant preparation for war will in itself cause war. Then these same editorial writers and speakers turn around and raise a big fuss because the United States is not training enough soldiers, building enough airplanes or ships, or enlisting an army large enough to conquer the world. This inconsistency is too prevalent to be ignored. In the budget for 1936-37 a total of $920,000,000 is set aside for “national defense,” as compared with $764,439,126.94 in the present year. Does this look as if the United States is lax in preparing for war? This country does not have compulsory military service, but it does have compulsory military training in many colleges and offers that training in many high schools. Now think things over carefully. Will we be attacked by our neighboring nations? No. Will we be attacked by European powers ? No. Will Japan ever attack California? No. These noes are, naturally, with the understanding that we keep our nose out of places where it doesn’t belong. Then why do some of these nations try to ferret out our military secrets ? Merely because our military preparations amount to almost a billion dollars per year. I cannot understand the arguments of those who oppose the abolition of compulsory military training aiid yet call themselves lovers of peace. Neither do I agree with the old axiom that preparedness is the best way to avert war.
FAMILY
Today - Friday - Saturday
I DOUBLE feature"! He rides ’em wild!
Mustangs or buggies!
II
Buck Jones
in
Ride 'em Cowboy
II
A Universal Picture]
— PLUS — LLOYD HUGHES ‘NIGHT CARGO”
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
The thinkingr fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
MARS
TODAY ONLY
Public Nuisance No. 1!
— EXTBA — JOE PALOOKA
‘PUNCH AND JUDY” CABTOON IN COLOB
Exponent Platform
3.
4.
Establish student SELF-government. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce hon orary fees. Eliminate physical punishment by honor ary and social groups. Eliminate all campus politics.Yfb > ¥ K
^ u. ^ ^^ J
V ^ " q .
^ i }
"irharsday, September &4,198^
aI 4'r^ f K << ,
FK-S*?®'
^ ^ if
-THE PUHEUE EXPONENT^
BIG PEP SESSION TOMORROW
'14fY 1' Yilfu ” 3 ’^1
Bonfire Meeting On Smart Field At 7:30
Coach Noble Kizer To Introduce Team Sched-
uled To Play In Saturday's Game Pep! Enthusiasm! Loyalty! All Boilermakers will be given a great opportunity-to show plenty of each tomorrow night at the pep session to be held on Stuart Field, just east of the Armory, beginning at 7:30 p. m. Around the giant bonfire, ^ny observer should be able to
cheerful
f
ielder’s.... ....choice i__>By Bob Walpolea>i-MMi
If anyone thinks that Ohio Unir Tersity hasn’t a tough team, listen to this^. . . undefeated in three of the last seven years . . . Buckeye champions four years in the last seven ... untied and undefeated last year which earned them the role of one of the seven major teams in the country to go through the season without a loss.... —^tc—
This Ohio outfit was even mentioned as one of the Rose Bowl contenders for last winter’s spectacular game . . . that is the team that will face the Boilermakers Saturday in the Purdue season opener ... —tc— Chief Clevett, director of the intramural department for the Uiniversity, is looking for a student to instruct archery this fall . . . anyone with a reasonable amount of
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
A “JACK OF ALL TRADES” in SPORT OXFORDS
Here’s a handsome sporty “Shagbuck” Oxford that will be a favorite in your wardrobe. Its resilient genuine crepe rubber bottbms will give you the proper footing for active sports, or the proper style standing if you’re a spectator. Grey and brown ... all sizes . .. .
FREEMAN SHOES
Mfo» with Prld0
by MHIIom
ABC Shoe Co.
count 5,287 cheerful faces, hear the thunder-like cheers as Noble Kizer introduces the men who will carry the Old Gold and Black to victory on Saturday, and feel the real thrill of being a Boilermaker while singing “Hail Purdue”. Opportunity Knocks Saturday’s game with Ohio University will mark the beginning of one of the hardest seasons Oia team has yet faced,' yet which can pos sibly be one of the schools greatest
triumphs.
We have the team, we have the coach, we have the spirit! So Boilermakers—^Freshmen, Sophomores, Juniors, Seniors—^give that team your support, add your shout to the “Long Purdue” and your voice to the song. Let’s go!
experience in the sport see Chief, and make necessary arrangements ... Chief is usually in his office after 4 o’clock. . . . fc—
The juggling of the first string varsity lineup is about through with the exception of the guard jobs . .. for these, Grant, Burmeister, Bush and Graves are fighting ... all four will undoubtedly see plenty of action, and at these positions, Nobe has reserve material. . . .
-fc-
This pep meeting tonight will be one of the biggest and most complete in history... a select group of speakers plus a very enthusiastic audience . . . come one, come all...
j —^fc— Coura^ge runs in the McGannon family, and here is one fine example of it. .. Tommy’s kid-brother. Bill, captain of Memorial high school football team played with his outfit the night that Tom was buried. —ifO-™ Before the game, the student body held memorial services for Tom, but Billy played ... “because his brother wanted him to” . . . Memorial won, 32 to 0, although the Mt. Carmel eleven outweighed them by 20 pounds to the man.. .,
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD 3. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
R. J. BATH Watch Maker
608 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN-LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Fraternity ...Sorority H^ses
We specialize in table linen service for you... Table Linen... .Towels ... Coats... Vests..^ Aprons Jackets.
Lafayette Linen Supply
NOTICES He notiCM accepM eftMT • p. iti.
Fraternity Presidents—^Meeting of Council in the peasaht room of Union at 7:30 p. Sept. 24. —KETTLE.
Speech Clinic—Will the following persons report to room 308, University Hall, as soon as possible: C. W. Batey, William Chomyak, John Downey, F. B. Finnegan, E. E. Gallup, Helen Koons, M. G. Marquis, V. J. McLean, H. E. Mennen, J. A. Patterson, J. W. Petry, Maurice D. Prage, Robert Shaw, Ray A. Tonello, Mary Townsend, R. B. Vaiiderbilt. —STEER,
W. A. A. Hockey—^AU co-eda wishing to participate m the demonstration games on Sept. 24 at 4 p. m. sigh up at the Women’s Gym. —THOMPSON.
Catholic Freshmen—The Newman club will hold a reception for you after the Loy> alty meeting Sept. 24, in St. Mary’s new school. Dancing, entertainment and refreshments. No admission charge. —CARTON.
Agriculture Studenjts—^Freshmen tecepe ception will be postponed until Oct. 1, because of football loyalty program. —HARDIN.
P. I. A. Orchestra—^All former members wishing to continue in dance band and those students who wish tryouts meet in reception room of the Union Sept. 24, at 7:30
-DAY.
Radio Club—Open meeting Sept. 24, 7:80 p. m. in room A of the second floor of new Union annex. All persons interested are urged to attend. —WEPPLER,
Notice—Paychecks are ready at the Student Health Service for students who assisted with the physical exams during registration, —MILLER.
Playshop—^All those wishing to work on Playshop crews report to Union between 4 and 5:16 Sept. 24. —0 ALLIS.
Home Ec Club—Meeting Sept 24 at 4 on lawn west of Home Ec Building. —MURPHY.
Engineering Lectures — Freshman engineers meet for engineering lecthres G-El today by divisions as follows; div. A—Civil Engineering Bldg.; div. B—^Michael Golden Shops ; div. C—Electrical Engineering Bldg., and div. D—Mechanical Engineering Bldg. —KNAPP.
Women Transfer Students—Meet for W. S. G. A. mentor picnic at 4:45 Sept 24, at Women’s Gym. All new transfer students invited. —DIMMICK.
Activities and Clubs—All organizations wishing activity rooms permanently or for regular meetings should petition for them before Sept. 29. Those wishing rooms for meetings should siiecify the days they desire these rooms. —SHOEMAKER.
Scrivner Club—Meeting Sept. 24. at 326 Cbauncey Ave. Bring manuscripts. —VERBER.
Sophoiilores—^Ail interested in Union work report to the Union ballroom at 4 p m , S^t. 24. -SHOEMAKER.
Religious Council—Important meeting on Sept. 24 at 4 p. m. in peasant room of the Union. —SAUNDERS.
Skull and Crescent—^Members meet in front of Pharmacy Building Sept. 26 at 4 b m. sharp. Important. —FENSTERMAKEB.
Independents—Staff meeting Sept. 24 at 7 p m in P. I, A. office. Important! —SENNSTROM.
Psychology—^The regular three hour course entitled “Psychology of Public Opinion’’, Education 170, administered by Dr. H. H. Remmers, Dr. C. L. Morgan and Messers. T. K. Nobs and L. W. Josselyn scheduled to meet T. Th. S. at 11:00 will meet on Tuesday evenings In room 6, Education Building,
beginning ’Tuesday, Sept. 29, 7 o'clock. There IS room for additional memgers and persons possessing the qualiflcstions listed in the University catalogue may enroll for the course. All persons interested In the course as regular credit-receiving members or as listeners should be present next T^iesday. —HALL.
Y. W. C. A.—Those interested in Social Service Committee will meet Sept. 26 in Y. W. C. A. oflfice at 4 o’clock. —CONVER,
Football Announcers—All students interested in announcing football games submit written application stating qualifications to C. E Dammon, Engineering Administration Building, by noon Sept, 26. —DAMMON.
Senior Chemicals—^Meet in room 202 of Heavilon Hail Sept. 24 at 4 p. m to make plans for cord parade. —COMMITTEE.
Police—Report to stadium at 4 p. m. on Sept. 24: C. B. Armon, A. E. Bachman, J. D. Baker, Bartz, B. C. Bishop, A. J. Breedewater, A. R. Breedewater, T. H, Breslin, J. A. Bruce, J. Buell, Fred Carr, J. B. Carter, Wilbur Clark, Cummins, H. R. Dungan, J. T. Doan, Alan Fanning, B. N. Fifield, W. H. Fifield, George Gale, I,. L. Glendenning, Herschleinan, V. Holloway, Hotchkiss, Wm. Jessup, H. Kashner, B. Lee, R, Lemen, 1. Lindeman, B. Lorenz, G. Lotz, O. H. Maitin, P Mascari, E. Meers, C. E. Moore, L. E. Morrison, Fred Ramputi, R. Rosser, L. R. Schilling, J. T. Soles, SiSithworth, H. L. Steward, C. Terhune, D. Utter, W. L. Van Hoose, J Vernon, Robert Weaver, James Welsch, Nontian Willey, R. Williamson, H. J Zink. —SANDERS.
Ushers—Report to stadium, 4 p. m. on Sept. 24: W. B. Allen, G. Antrim, R. J. Aull, L E. Aull, E. J. Balaishis, F. Bardone, H. Barth, W. E. Bartling, D. Bechtol, R. Behrens, M. Bell, R. J. Bennett, E. Berg, R. D. Best, Bodeau, C. A. Bredes, H. Brenman, B. A. Brooke, P. G. Bruner, J. D. Buchanan, L. O. Buxton, J. E. Burroughs, C. M. Callis, W. G. Cantley, R. F. Carton, D. H. Catron, R H Chinn, J. E. Clark, R. B. Clark, W. Clark, R. J. Clinton, P. L. Coers, J. Collins, J. W. Connelly, W. C. Corbin, R. W. Cripe, P E. Daugherty, F. E. Delacroix, J. J. DeMar, J. C. Dibble, J. H. Dimus, G. R. Douglas, R A. Dudley, D. A. Eidsou, J. Farrington, W. C. Fish, M. V. Flock, P. D. Foote, G. W. Freemyer, F. R. PUtz, W. L. Gable, K. E Gardner, H E. Geiger. O. E Graham, H. E Greiger, H. M. Grubb, F. S. Griffin, P. E. Hannah, E. Hanneforth, W. C. Harper, J. Harrell, L. F. Hatch, L. J. Haverkamp, A. O. Haynes, A. J. Hefner, R. H Helm, H. A. Helstrom, G. L. Herman, R. J. Himes, M. J. Hinkle, W. L Hostetter. D. O Howkinson, J. A. Hufford, Wm. D. Hull, Max Jackson, G. S. Johnson, B. Karnisky, H. Katz, C. G. Kennedy, Kessler, R. Ketcham, R. L. Kimball, A. P. Knapp, E. W. Korty, J. A. Leppa, C. A. Leteinger, L. Lewis, A. N. Liming, D. R. Long, W. B. Lutz, J. M. Lyles, J. H. Lynch, W. P. Lynch, D, H. McFadden, P. A. Mankin, D. B. Marozick, Donald Mason, F. M. Mawry, L. J. May, Bill Miller, A. W. Morgenegg, D. A. Morrison, F. A. Mulholland, M. L. Munson, G. B. Neidhardt, L. A. Nesius, H. E. Niokey, S. Noblet, S. T. Novak, A. G. Oblad, L. S. Olaf, J. B. Ortman, L. R. Orton, W. B.
Repairing Swiss and American Watches, Clocks of All Kinds .... Crystals for AH Watches LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER “This is all we do, but we do it weU” It pays to come— 322 Ferry Street Lafayette, Ind. Opposite New Post Office
Wky Be A Mere Dainer? Improve your ballroom dancing by enrolling in our new Adult Advanced Ballroom
Class^
Fri., Sept. 25,7:30 p.m. Terms Reasonable Phone 2160 P. M. ALL^, Instructor Graduate ChaUf Russian School, New York City; Pretident, Cfliicago Association Masters of Dancing; Head of Department of Dancing, Culver MUli-
tary Academy. ALLENS
6th & Ferry
SAFETY STEEL
LOCK BOXES
IN 4 USEFUL SIZES Np. 1—9%" long, 3" high, 4l^" deep...., $0.85 No. 2—IOY2" long, 3" high, 5%" deep 1.10 No. 3—111/2" long, 31/2" high, 51/2" deep 1.25 No. 92—1014" long, 4%" high, 714" deep 1.15 All these boxes spotwelded, green enamel finish, with lock and two keys. These Specials Good Until October 1st
HAYWOOD’S
5th and Ferry Free Delivery Lafayette PHONE YOUR ORDER —4085
Overbay. C. W. Paecy, R. H. Parkbon. K. Paxton, 8, Peterson. J. B. PhOlfps ,C. W. Prechter, H, V. Price, J. K. Price. L, BL Putze, W. R. Record, C. F. Reed, A. M. Reguly, P. A. Reznik, a H. Riggs, W, Robinson, G. W. Roper. O. Sarles, B. G. Sehlemmer, W. H. Schmick. L. P. Schrader. B. Schrohe, H. C. Scott, R. R. Scott, J. ESheetz, R. R. Shellhamer, P. S. Silverstein, A. E Smith. C. D. SmHh, O. L. Smitt, T. ASpencer, B. C. Spencer, W. Stallings. B.
Stark. H. Q. Steeb, Q. C. U StemrU C. R. Stoll, Taaefy, BL f. TbfnmA K. L. Thsimlns, N, JL ’Iteka,^ 'Dredwell, j. Vat^t^orcL J- E, WaHn^D, EL Wald, P, Webhaafc W, L. Weller, Werner, W. E. White, F. Lv WilHttm, 3, M, Wilk Uauson. XL Wiitiaawon. It 0. F. A, Wolf, W. S. Wood, H. D. Wren, G. S. Wright, J. M. Wi^ Z. Tadofsky. C. E. Yngve. —SANDEES.
*Jlang it all. Pater, they can't he that good at lOi* * Wilcox, my son. Twenty Grand would be good at 20^1*
Copr. 1936 Axton-Fisber Tobacco Ine*
We CERTIFY that we have inspected the Turkish and Domestic Tob^cos blended in TWENTY GRANHcigarettes and find them as fine in smoking quality as those used in cigarettes costing as much as 50^ more.
(Stgaed) Seil, Putt & Rusby Inc. (ZneetteboTotion with taiaceo a^at)
Yoa/t loose CHANGe
Iron out your laundry worrios
Sl¥IFTLY - SAFMIY - £0®^
(
Let that dependable college pal, Rattwiqr Kaprea^ plpk np and ship your laand^ heme and ba^ for yon every weeL You wUl find it idoeqr golna— easy, fae^ Inexpenalve. Merely notify the folka you will send the pack•go by Railway Bzprcie, and aak them to rctnm It the same way. Ton can send it collect too, yon know, and while on Hiat enbjec^ we can add, onfy^ by Railway Bxpreae. The folks will nndereteiid. It thvee keepfag accounts, paying blUa, to aay iwHh> bf of nare change. Yonlf find the Idea aconomical all round. Tho minimum rate is low — only 38 cents —aometimea leas. Plck-itp and delivery by motor vehicle and inanranee inolnded In the shipping charge. Ijfo the •ame with shipping baggage or anything dse by Railway Bxprese. So arrange yonr ehipilng dates by phone call to the Railway Biuiresa agent, and ■tart now.
9 So. Second St. ’Phono 202S Lafeyette, Ind.
Railway Express A.OBNOV, INC. NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
SENIORS
Corduroy Pants $3.50 $4.50 Derby Hats
409 OF1 5(k
OVER 400 OF THEM
GET THEM EAHLY
DEWENTER'S
A
? 5. r-* ^ / 5 J i
PI; ,
-
^ AtS
L it'' £ ^ i. .t'* Vrti
Xs 1
g>^''''^'‘Mh \‘§aA<m^ ■^M\r4, -v ie,?-«|iU 5-
s f
CO-ED PAGE
''' ■' '■'
, .;'■ ,.t ',’)'■ ''■< ,i,''r:',‘vv ■ A -. .V-1-' Cfje Surbue Cxjjottent
C0.ID PAOE
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER U, 1936
NUMBER 9
Sunday Teas To Mark Beginniiig Of Co-ed Rush
Dean Stratton And Rush Chairmen On Program For Group Meeting Of Rushees In Union Sunday, September 27, will be an exciting day in the lives of Purdue freshman co-eds for rush week will start then with teas at all the houses. There will be a meeting of all girls going through rush at 2:15 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building before the teas. The various rush chairmen will be introduced at
Meredith Club Will Entertain Frosh Home Ec
Freshman home economics students are invited to attend the first meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith club to be held today at 4 o’clock. If the weather permits, the meeting will be held on the lawn east of the Home Economics Building instead of in the auditorium. Games, under the supervision of several physical education women, will be a means of acquainting the girls with the members of the home economics organization. After refreshments are served, a short business meeting will be held in the auditorium. At this time scholastic awards for the current year will be announced and committees for the coming year will be appointed.
Mentors, Frosh Meet Monday
Freshman women and their mentors will hold a joint meeting^in the faculty lounge of the Union at 4 o’clock Monday. A meeting for the mentors will follow this joint meeting on September 30. These meetings were planned yesterday at a mentor meeting in the women’s lounge of the Union. A discussion of the date bureau, along with other freshman problems, was led by Jeannette Scudder, chairman of the freshman oiientation committee, at
yesterday’s meeting.
The roots of human social conduct can be found in the chimpanzee, according to Yale biologists.
Hotice
Fraternities and Snrorities
Vnien plannii^gr your parbes bp pure and call on pa.
Reasonable pates fpr reqtal. Hall remodeled and newly dpcopated.
Phone 21S»
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
SUBSCRIBE TO THE exponent
the meeting. DeAn Stratton will speak to
the eo-eds about the rush rules. Mr. Roy C. Street, Pan-Hellen-ic lawyer, will also attend the meeting and address the freshman girls. Rush will continue with a number of dinner parties from Sunday till Friday, October 8. The sororities may hold pledge services any time after 7 o’clock on Oct. 8. All girls who are planning to go through rush must register in the Union lobbiy at the Pan-Hellenic desk from 10 till 2 on Saturday, September 26.
WRH, Cary Hall Picnic Tomorrow Women’s Residence Hall co-eds and Cary Hall eds will forget studies tomorrow afternoon at 4:15 o’clock when they attend a picnic at Controller R. B. Stewart’s country home. Dancing in the garage, with music furnished by the Cary Hall orchestra, will will be the mam entertainment of the annual Dutch picnic. Outside games will be arranged for those not dancing.
Colby College may move from its 118-year-old site in Maine to a new location two miles away.
Unborn babies hear outside sounds for four months before birth, physiologists have discovered.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Few prs. new army leggings reasonable. Desk, good one, $12. Desk chairs, ea. $2.00. Book racks, 75c. Small desk, $3.00. Back no. magazines, books, nt Moore’s Colonial Mkt., 220 N. 5th.
For Rent — Nicely furnished rooms, and good board for girls at 311 Chauncey Ave. Phone 4311, Mrs. Gerharii.
Wanted—Alto sax man. Must play clarinet. Call Bob Kelly, 71064.
Swing and swish in a new Velvet, Lace and Taffeta formal that will flatter you more than your best beau.
Priced $7.95 and up
Smart dresses — accessories for all occasions.
Budget Plan
auiM
314 State St.
West Lafayette
Hockey Game Today In Gym
For all girls interested in hockey, a demonstration game will be held in the girls’ gym today at 4 o’clock. The four week practice season begins tomorrow afternoon. Monday and Wednesday are senior and sophomore practice days, while Tuesday and Thursday will be for juniors and freshmen. Tomorrow an opportunity is given for makeup work. Those interested are asked to sign up in the Women’s Gymnasium. Seven practices are required to be eligible for the tournament, which begins October 23. The hockey season will be climaxed by the All Star game on Dad’s Day.
YWCA Groups Make Plans For New Year
Y. W. C. A. interest groups are meeting this week to make plans for the coming year. The outdoor group, under the leadership of Martha Cassell and Mary M. Pell met Tuesday. A hike to Happy Hollow was planned for Tuesday, Sept. 29, at 5 o’clock. Anyone may enjoy this hike by paying 15 cents. The literary interest group, under the direction of Betty Klein, met Tuesday and planned some interesting book reviews for the coming year. The Cary Home group, with Dorothy Bryant in charge, made plans in their meeting to start their work October 3. Jean Brown’s settlement committee met Monday and made plans to start their work next week. The public works and social service committees will meet tomorrow to make their plans. The drive for Y. W. C. A. membership will continue until October 3. The membership is $1.00.
New Idea on the Make I
Not a shirt for Oth Q. Afilktoast bnt trill attract bassvotcod mep Glee ptpel to a magnet. Bold checks that are able companiona to FaH dothes. Mentioned fondly » the ’’Cum Lande” in Esquire news pages.
Tathn4 h WUftm tft a Yatf/g Man's T«Sr.
sjss
ADVAlfCE GUARD FASBWpS by Wibtm Brothers
Baltimore Clothes Shop
01936, W
Gold Peppers To Sell Balloons At Gatne Saturday
Why not add to the excitement of Purdue’s first touchdown by filling the air with balloons as well as derbies? The Gold Peppers are going to sell gay and colorful balloons in the shape of a football Saturday for the Ohio-Purdue game. These balloons will cost one shining dime. Sororities and fraternities may order balloons for their entire chapter by getting in touch with any Gold Pepper member.
Dean Stratton Entertains House Mothers At WRH
Dean Dorothy C. Stratton entertained the sorority house mothers and the University house mothers at the Women’s Residence Hall yesterday. Following the luncheon, the hall girls welcomed the house mothers and entertained in the hall lounges.
Frosh Co-eds Don Angelic Tunics During Physical Exanjtination
During the first week of school, in spite df the hot, sticky weather, incoming freshman women were more comfortable than the rest of the campus. They were having physical examinations, and under the present regime, that necessitates dressing in angel robes. The girls report to the Women’s Gjrmnasium where they &re instructed to change their ordii^ary clothes and to attire then^selves in white aprons, front and back, with ties at the shoulders. Gaily, merrily and often oddly, they go through the physical inspection. The costume is especially conducive to airy coolness. Height and weight are measured, with many a warning to the girls to stand on the front part of the scale, rather than far to the back. They
weigh less then.
Feet are examined, with special attention td the arch and toes. Along with that, posture is judged. The spinal column position is traced with a soft crayon, to see tHp straight-
ness or extent of curvature. After that inspection, the girls outline the history of their past illnesses, with much attention to the number of contagious diseases they contracted. Last, eyes and ears receive attention, and the girls, released from that, return to their lockers and exchange angel rdbes for everyday garb—and another chapter in a freshman co-ed’s life is
ended.
j
WAA Bowling Now Open To All Co-ed Groups Bowling, a new sport in W. A. A., is now open on Thursday to all coeds who wish to participate. A fee of 15 cents a meeting will be charged for use of the alleys. Those who do not wish to bowl may attend open swims held at 7:30 on Thursdays. These announcements were made at the W. A. A. tea in honor of all new co-eds.
Grown cares
for
your
clothes
lUry Cleaning
Bat Btoeking
Crown
Laundry
FINE CLEANERS
OF FINE CLOTHES
DELCO
Every Student wants one
Offers Outstanding Value IN TUBLE MOOEL HADIO
Every Student can afford
one
other Sets $]4>50
Ufa|«tte MULLEN APPLIANCE Lafayette
Attention, Seniors!
Senior Cords $2.98
with slide rule pocket
RELIABLE CLOTHING STORE
224 Main St.
-/
f'' 'f