. Strauss ToGiveLast Marital Talk
Chicagoan To Speak This Afternoon In Education Building
Dr. Elizabeth K. Strauss, of the Cook County hospital, Chicago, will present the last of this semester’s series of marital lectures before senior men this afternoon at 4 o^ijlotk ip tfes inain lecture room of the; Education /Building She will be introduced by V. A. Meleski, president of P. I. A. Her subject will be the s£^e as in former yearsf ^eh she has appeared here, “A Woman’s Cbunsel to Young Men Concerning Sex and Marriage”. Dr. Strauss has always been rated by the seniors as one Of the best speakers in the series, arid two years ago was named in second position, riext to Dr; T. B. Rice, of Indiana University. Questionnaire Following the lecture this afternoon, the students will be asked to list the speakers in the order of their popularity. This will give those in charge of the lectures the opportunity to determine what the seniors like best, This information will be used in selecting the speakers next year. , The marital lecture series this year was held in the opening semester for the first titne, to avoid conflict with the senior employment lecture series in the second semester. Senior women were admitted to the first four of the six talks, which was another innovation.
Co-eds will have 12 o’clock hours only-after all their final examinations are completed, it was decided at a recent meeting of the W. S. G. A. jridicial board, headed by Evelyn Kellenbrirger. Regular 11 o’clock hours will prevail on the days before examinations are concluded in each individual case. The former rule gave each co-ed 12 o’clock privileges on every night during finals except on nightri immediately preceding days on which they had finals scheduled. The new rule does not affect Saturdays, but is otherwise more restrictive than the old one.
SympbonyTo
yiadnn^r GolscHinaim To Dire^ Oirchcjstra
Prof. R. Norris Shreve, of the school of chemical engineering, was recently appointed counsellpr-at-large for 1936-37-38, of the American Chemical Society. Others appointed to the same office were: James B. Conant, president. Harvard University; Gustav Egloff, chief chemist, Universal Oil Products Co.; and John Johnson, director of research, United States Steel Corporation. Vice President
The St. Louis Symphony Orchestra, will be the attraction at the fifth convocation of the year and the third in thd musical series that will be given Monday ffight in the Memorial Gymnasium. Vladimer Golschmann will be the conductor. The organizationj which is fiftytwo years old this year, is known the country over for the excellence of its musicianship, and its conductor is as widely known for his brilliance in leading the group and for the balance and appeal of his programs. Conductor Golschmann, who is RussoFrench, requif ed but one concert to convince the skeptics of his worth wheri^ he came to St.' Louis last January as guest-conductor. Still very young, Golschmann has become noted for his ability to communicate his wishes to the orches tra. Concertmaster and assistant conductor, Scipiohe Guidi, is likewise fariious for his artistry with the violin and for his skill at conducting. A native of Venice, he has had a distinguished career both in Europe and in'this country, and served as concertmaster of the New York Philharmonic Orchestra for' the last ten years.
Annual Event To Be Held Tomorrow Night
No complimentary tickets will be given out for the annual Blanket Hop which will be held in the Memorial Union ballroom tomorrow ever ning frorn 9 till 12 o’clock. , .The Blanket Hop is an event sponsored by Gimlet, Reamers, Gold Peppers, and Skull and Crescent to provide money for purchasing blankets for seniors who have participated in three years of varsity competition in any of the major sports. The blankets will be awrirded next ser mester.
Tickets which are priced at $1.25, may be obtriiried sM; the Uriidri i^sk today and tomoirow;. Eddie Keibaur arid his Seattle harmony team along with his .trirelye piece orchestra Will inake the iriusic go ’tourid and ’rourid.
Not Unknown Here
Neibaur played here several years ago and was so; popularly received that the students considered him for the prom that year. Arrangements could not be coriipleted, though. At present, Neibaur and his orchestra are playing at the Casino Moderne in Chicago. Decorations tomorrow night will consist of a huge blanket used as a back drop.
Harold F. Hammond, above, traffic erigineer; of the. National;;' Bh"; realpf Crismalty Underwriters, will speak before tomorrow morriing’s session of the conference
Sessions Witt Continue Tomorrow
Opening a two-.day safety conference today at the University, featuring nationally known authorities, Prof. W. A.
meni city and highway engineers, teachers, city, county and state officials, as well as civic leaders in various Chambers of
Commerce, safety councils and]
'PxM ,,
motor clubs.
Franklin M. Kreml, safety Specialist the J^ublic Safe^ Institute, will preside at this morning’s seSsibri which Will cori;sist of a discussion upori the state, urbane and rural aspects bf ; the traffic acmderit preblem by D. P. Stiver, director of the state depbrtirierit of safety;; J. A. Keefe, manager of the Anderson Herald, and
NYA Gets New
and safety on “Traffic Earl Urawfbrd, of Milton
Plarining for Reducing Accidents
Jolins Hopkins Profes- ' s6r To;Talk Tbuigiit.' ;
Meets Today
Project Gbmmittee Will Discuss New Methods
Three Students Nained Delegates To 4-H Congress
Professor Shreve> by virtue of being chairman of the medicinal division of the American Chemical Society, iS also one of its vice presidents. The A. Ch; S. represents over 17,000 men engaged in application and teaching chemistry and chemical engineering. For five years, he has been with! the University chemical engineering school. Before he came here, he was a consulting engineer in New I York City. .
Enfield, Chamber s Get Appointments
Two appointments to the agricul-
tural extension staff of the University were anriouriced yesterday, George Enfield, who has been on
the staff of the agricultural experi-
ment station since he graduated
ffbm Purdue in 1?27, lias been
transferred tp the agrononiy exten-
sion staff, effective Jan. 16. Charles D. Chambers, 1936 agri-
cultural graduate, has' been named courijty agent in Pike'^ county to succeed H. P. Heibenbein, who resigned several months ago to take up other
Three University students have been selected to attend the tenth annual National 4-H Club Uongress which will be held iri Wa,shington, D. C., the second week in June. Two boys and two girls will be sent as delegates from each state. Lillian Murphy, a junior in the school of home economics; Mary Wein.a freshman in home economics, and Thomas K. Parkison, a sophoriiore in agriculture, have been selected on the basis of their achievement records to be Indiana’s delegates to the camp which will be located on the grounds of the U. S. department of agriculture. Achievements Miss Murphy has been outstanding in leadership activities as well as in other 4-H work. In 1934, Miss Wien represented Indiana in the National A.chievement Contest, where she placed first, winning the president’s trophy.
The committee on coordiriation with industry of the Purdue housing research project will meet here today to study mleaUs by which the buildirig industry can cooperate to produce better hbuses more economically. Coordination of all units in the building industry is the best way of increasing efficiency in utilizing existing building materials and in developing new ones, according to Richard Harrison, secretary and general manager of Rostone, Inc., ;and secretary of the conimittee. The reports of the University research project that are already available will be reviewed by the committee as a step iri that direction.
Over 100 Meet In 1935
The beginning of housing research at the University was in June 1936, when more than one hundred leading industrialists met to discuss the needs and research problems of the building industries. Since then with work proceeding at a rapid pace, the University housing research campus was laid out, utilities installed, and nine model houses designed. Contracts for five low-priced houses hrive been let; construction was begun in November. A variety of plans are b§ing used for the first group Of nine houses which will provide material for a cost arialysis of houses built of vai^tous building materials. They will also provide praqtical te^s under actual working conditions.
Dr. Frances Gwen Rice, professor of chemistry at Johns Hopkins lifniversity, will deliver an address on “The Chemistry of Free Radicals” before the University sectipn of the American Chemical Society, this evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. Dr. Rice was educated at the University of Liverpool, receiving his doctor’s degree in 1916. Frorii that time until the end of the war he held important positions iri the chemical plants of the British government. Following the war, he came to Prmceton University in Am®i^i®®' on an exhibition fellowship. He was connected with New York University as assistant professor of chemistry from 1919 to 1926, arid since that time with Johns Hopkins University. Research , Dr. Rice’s research has done much to Advance the theory that the study of free radicals will greatly Aid the understanding of the action of many organic reactions. He was the first chemist to connect the experiment of PanPth on the production of free radicals with the study of reaction velocities. He has devised and proposed mechanisrns by which quantitative calculations of the products formed by, the pyrogenic decomposition of organic compounds may be made.
To Speak This afternoon President Elliott Vdll, outline the nbjectiv^ of the institute, with William H. Book, Indianapolis Chamber of Cominerce, presiding. Reuben H. Forney, statisticiari of the (Natiorial Safety Council, Chicago; Franklin Kreml, and Kenneth A. House, director of safety for ihe Tennessee Valley Authority, will also speak covering the approach to the accident problem;, accident investigation, and organization and training for traffic control. A program devoted to the education of the public for safety, organization of a child safety program, arid traffic planning will comprise tomorrow morning’s session sit which Henry W. Marshall; publisher of the Lafayette Journal and (Continued on page 4)
Soil Test kits
By Ora Cudworth “Is this the place to get supplies for Soil Test Kits?” . “This is the place. What do you
need today ?”
“A box of filter papers, a bottle of potash rea,gent, a bottle of phos phate reagent, and some acidity No. 1 will be all this morning.” A county agent or a vocational teacher of agriculture is getting supplies for his soil testing kit at the soils arid crops laboratory in the Agricultural Experiment Sta tion. Soon farmers will be wanting
$10,000,000 Fund Now Available For Dis- . trlbution
Comptroller General McCarl ha# approved ari additipnal allotment of $10,060,000 to the National Youth ALdministratiori, Aubrey W. Williams, executive director, announced yesterday. This sum will be allocated to the various states at a future date for the furtherance of work projects for youths between the ages of 16 and 26, An initial allotment of $10,006,000 for these projects was made to the NYA on November 26. The treasury warrant announced recently brings the total for youth work projects to $20,006,660. Safety Army . An army of safety workers, 200 strong, is being assenabled from the r ariks of unemployed young people by the National Youth Administration, for service in the crusade against public human slaughter. Under the sponsorship of the Uriiversity Public Safety Institute, a state-wide safety project has been authorized which will employ-260 young men and. women between the ages of 16 and 26 years, whose families ave on relief. A grarit of $12,006 to carry ori this project through the month of March has already been allotted; and additional funds will be forthcoming, according to Mrs, Williaria ; (Continued on page 4)
Metnuries i And Grievances
(gy Your Raving Reperter) Herewith is presented some thumbnail descriptions of things
to have their soils tested, so that j which are most outstanffing in your
they will know what kind of fer- reporter’s memory rif the past year.
Davis Discuss Termites
Chemical Engineers Courses To Be Repeated I
Methods of controlling the destructive termite, or white ant, that destroys woodwork in buildings of all kinds, and is of vital interest to city as well as rural householders, will be discussed in detail by Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology departirient, Tuesday morning, as one of the features of the annual agricultural conference at the Uni-
versity.
Prof. Davis points out that only by an understanding of the life his tory and habits of termites .can one best apply control measures
tilizer to use for their spring crops Test kits for making “Rapid Cheinicari Tests,” those made from the Purdue kits were introduced during the summer of 1934. These kits were inade for the use of county agents and vocational teachers of Indiana that they might better aid the farmers in solving their fertilizer problems. They are packed in metal boxes 17 inches long, 7 inches wide, and 8 inches high. Within the kits are nine 8 oz. bottles, three 2 oZ. bottles, six glass vials, six funnel tubes, a pipette, filter paper, and directions and material for making plant tissue tests, especially adapted for making tests in the
field.
Studerits Prepare Kits
The kits have been prepared in the soils and crops laboratory with the aid of PER A And NY A workers. The work done by these workers ranges from making pipettes
work.
Senior Engineer Breaks Neck In Auto Accident
Confined to a hospital in Pottsvilie. Pa., with a brok# neck sustained in an autoriiobile accident dufirig the holidays, Mark Schwalm, seriior mechanical engineering student, is expected to be sufficiently recovered to return to school neirt ■ semester,
Prof. J. ♦ L, Bray, head of the chemical erigineering departirient, ahnouriced yesterdA'y thAt certain courses jn metallogfaphyj physical metallurgy, and heat treatment will be repeated in the second semester. The new curriculum makes it possible for students to go beyorid their field and giAin valuable knowledge thatYnight he necessary in their work. The courses to bp repeated are Cr. E. 169, 118, 182, and 133.
Senior Debris pictures will be taken today only, from 8 to B o’clock. All seniors Vrbo. have liot bad their pictures token should report today whether they are listed in: the schedule below or not. The fee is $1.6(1.
„ , Since --- O— -.e,
eaph infestation offers different from glass tubing to fastening the Cii+inci+irMW. TTa Vauet I : rim •
8:0(N8:15 Clark, H.F. Stahl, E, K. Schwalm, J. M.
D. Long Liu,LL.
situAtibn. He plans to open his discussipri by outlining the insects’ es
aential characteristics.
Prevention
handles on the boxes. The solutions I-1 for making the tests are also pre-
pared by these workers.
The large area oyer which these
9:(M1-9;16 Bates, E. W. Baumgartner, C. L. Lee, H. P.
11:15-11:30 Cheng, C. C.
Following the explanation of the, kits have been sold is a fair indicalife history, he will present the kt- tion of their practical use. The
9:15-9:30 Stitz, Katherine Wilson, Max M.
1:00;1;16 Thompton, O.: J. Kreipke, M. Todd,H.F.
1:15-1:30 Pate, C.
est information on methods of pre venting infestations by proper con |struction, as well as methods controlling infestations already
I- Agronomy Department of the Agrii- cultural Experiment Station has sold more than three hundred of the outfits. They have been sold iri
of
10s0(hl0:15 Hetohh«i%er, R. B:^hury. A. D. Martin,, W.J.
T^ Gof^riri Textile Instif^O^ Nortli' Carolina plans to build roads of cbiitrih in the near future.
jl9;1640:80 BakCT. W.C. Deiss,E.A.
2:99-2:15. Shields, C„D. auw^H-p. y Wagner, John P. iv B' , ,2;:l!|2.:30;fc.. J GondIt.C. W.
present and methoids of preyeritirig New York, California, Missoipfi, ipecurrence of infestations by the Lbtiisiana, Illinois, “West YltginlA,
iseveral chemical riiethods.
11:00-11:16 Truitt, Q.#;i
8;00-6;:16 Swingle, W. T. Chting, P, F.
ff your gtadbs average 90 oy bet-
tW, you will find a jojb easily, and already have kits and many voca.inwei^e yow salaty $1,000 a year, tional teachers are npw e^ffii^
Tettnessee, Minnesota, North Caro? line and in Gntario, Canady-, , - Nearly all of the county agents
I say M. 1. T. analysts.
themselves wi^ the testing butiit^.
Select for yourself those which should be classified as “Memories” and those which come under ‘‘Griev-
ances.’’
Amelia Earhart's, “No, thank you, I’ll take buttermilk.”
Hockema’s curls. Hoover’s collar.
Bill Miller’s raincoat, l-
The hump in the third-floor hall
of the Ag. Exp. Station.
Students who walk across the
oval. -
Makeup pn co-eds who woke up too late. Pi-exy Elliott’s, “A full attendance is expected.” The cheer of "tile lights on-fra-ternity house# when the E:sponeBt is put to bed late in the a. in. ■‘‘StonewAlV’ sweeping put the yarid and cigarette butts from those dopfloppies in Fuller’s Union. The men who hold the littie : rei; flags. (What an idea for a song!) The sinking feeling when you notice a mistAke iri the paper while you sip the morning coffee. The sariie when a letter arrives from the, Deatfs office. Doe Remirier’s see^r. Union Chris’s blue bfc^t (and riP Some Pf the stories that are Iprtted in that would even an Jlri^sh “A” student shndderw The Music Goes Round ’h R^nnd» “Due to copyright difficulties we are forced to interrupt this pro-
gram.”
Sororities’ “Smooch” ht
,1 -i
even aI I ^ ^ f
420 MadiBoit Atohuc^ IJew York City
Enters as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Deliver^ by mO S!R ta> ner VeaT: delivered by carrier, $2.60 p« year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
SnsinesB jPhone 6038
MAIN OFFICE-^i2 North Fifth Street Editorial Phone . 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University ..
EWTOKIAL STAFF . .JB. V. Heuser
............ ....................... ..„.™.........C. H. Campbell
:_........A. M. Chasteen. C. M. Bbrdin,
■■ W. T. Hunt* E. Hi Morris, lit G. Walther Sxioirte' SditOT. . ^ _ ■.,. ........H&ys ’ JD. P. Mull. R. H. W^Dole. L. D. Wood
^phomore Assistants. ■ c. Bold and Black Editor
K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, E. L. Cribb, A. H. Forster, Harper, Jr.» M. Kohr, R. P. Manion, D. M. Meacham, C. L. Sadler C. F. Roquemore, R. C. Schenck, J. L. VonHstTZ .. ........W. R. Abbott
Bnsiness Manager. ... Advertising Manager.. Advertising Assistants Circulation Manager... Circulation Assistants
BUSINESS STAFF . _...... ....i ................... ....... ........ ...W. A. Koch ;.. ..............H, P. Antonini ........... ... L. H. Brown, R. Greek, D. C. Miller ..„..R. J. Hlilse ’’’7.’......; ........ J. G. Girard, G. K. Shields
Editor^.; Associate EditoiB..i..i.
WOMEN’S STAFF Joyce Williams ; ...Helen Creech. Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann
Thursday, January 9, 1936.
. Issue Editor—D, M. Meacham.
in the viiianrty pf the sou® jpol^ ns; Adhii®! Byrd does* or shiile^^s^ ly from the silver screen while in the arms of Clark Qahle in the manner of Glaudette Golbert, of, if' you® hot too old, rdn Shirley Temr pie a good race for the sik-year-old honors, ori if you don’t mind dying or being killed at the end of your career, the lives of Will Rogers and Billy Sunday offer opportunities for fame garnering.
ColIegeStiidentsWasteMoney— And Keep Out Of Jail A recent issue of the Saturday Eveuing Post hurls a stinging challenge at the college student of today in an article entitled, “Why Don’t College Students Stay Educated?” The article maintains that, outside of having an excellent record for staying out of jail, college graduates, as a whole, are not worth the expenditures ma'de in educating them. An attitude like this is somewhat distorted. True, many students when they graduate never again open. a book of Shakespeare or pore over theories of psychology and philosophy. These things are left for the few true scholars who come to college for information and nothing else, On the other hand, however, the larger majority of college students do stay educated. They stay educated for the simple reason that college life has prepared them somewhat for the life outside—it has taught them the “art of living”. College comes normally when the growing youth first breaks away from family ties. For the first time the young man or woman is forced to stand entirely alone, making his or her own decisions and standing by them. For the first time they must live entirely with persons of their own age. From experience, then, they learn the vital principles of cooperation, of sympathy, of goodwill^—^in short, they learn to become good citizens.' The contention that college graduates, as a class, are not worth the expenditure made on them is misleading. The production, yes, even the mass production, of good citizens, men and women who know “what the score is”, men and women who know how to live together successfully and carry on social relations, is worth any expenditure.—E. H. M.
Will Insiill Succeed? Sam Insull, former monarch of utilities’ billions, has again entered the business world according to a recent announcement. The 76 year old king of finance, backed by friends, is organizing a chain of broadcasting stations which will probably be known as the Affiliated Broadcasting Company. The studios for the new company will be located in Chicago in the rooms once occupied by station WENR, and will overlook the business district of the loop, while the offices will be located in the Opera Building which was financed by Insull himself during more prosperous years. At the present time fifteen stations situated mostly in Indiana, Illinois, Michigan and Wisconsin have been signed and future plans are to spread the chain over the entire country. Supposedly the company has $100,000 backing with no stock issue, and it has been understood that the business will be handled by Insull himself, while the programs will be arranged by Ota Gygi, noted musician, who was formerly program director of the defunct Amalgamated Broadcasting Company in which Ed Wynn was interested. After his financial fall, Insull, for a time, appeared to be a broken man, but recently he seems to have regained his health and vigor. One cannot but feel a certain admiration for the man who, after losing his fortune and having his char^ acter scandalized in the eyes of the World, has determination enough to return at the age of 76 and start into business again. Many men would have taken an easier course. Even though his economic empire failed, and even though he has been out of business for a few years, Insull probably understands as well or better than anyone else, the field of public utilities, and for this reason his return to business will 1^ interesting to observe.—C. M. H.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
That the names of the Admiral, Miss Golbett, Shirley, the late Will Rogers, and. Billy Sunday are known to almost every college student was discovered when Dr. O. P. Hall, of the education department, arranged and distributed to his classes a list of 100 newsworthy names of 1936, asking his students to account briefly for the inclusion of each. Although detailed analysis has been made of the answers of only two classes, Ed. 75, Principles of Sociology, and Ed. 179, Social Pathology, their members gave a unanimous vote of 51 to the five famous names mentioned above.
Trailing very closely with one less recognition were our own Amelia Earhart, Bruno Hauptmann, and “The Quints”, certainly a strange combination. Just behind them are Father Coughlin and Wiley Post with 49 votes, and Jane Addams, Hitler, and Huey Long with 48. AH but four of the two classes knew Haile Selassie and Helen Wills Moody.
Dividing the 29 names receiving over 35 votes into general categories, we found that 9 of these well-known people were connected with politics in some way, while 6 each were found in aviation and sports, with the cinema, religion, crime, the quints and service limping in badly with one or two votes apiece.
The members of the Social Pathology class were also asked to arrange in the order of importance the major events of 1936. The results are not Very conclusive, since there were only 17 in the course, but of these 9 considered the Ital-ian-Ethiopian clash as the ' most vital because it so endangered world peace. Rated very closely together were the Supreme Gourt’s decisions on administration pejts, the Japanese-Chinese situaHon, ®e first Trans-Pacific flight, that of the China Clipper, the flight of the Liridberg'hs and the huge appropriations made by the government.
The “Principles” class correctly knew an average of 43.26 questions of the 100, while the more advanced course knew exactly two more answers. However, in the latter group there were more students recognizing the more difficult names, with Helen Hall setting a new mark of 96. Dr. Hall has distributed these and similar lists to his classes for the past four years, with the previous high record of 94 being held by John Alexander, ’33, former editor of Debris.
’Twhs In a r®tou®ht ■ ' Romeo and'Juliet;:^ He had no cash to pay the debt So Romeo^d what Juliet. - —Collegian. Pifi pledge Botts was discovered wearing Beta Davis’ pin ..i underneath. McGaiinon finally passed out Ij cigars—where is my cut, boys? And the Kappas call Lover Phelps —‘Kissy” . . . and the music goes . . . *(;3):.1+&Z?* Prom the mini cOmes the following resolutions . i . ' 'I, Won’t sing in the tub While I scrub; Won’t stay .up late smoking. Coking; Won’t go to shows— I s’pose; Won’t drink much-r-Gonna think much; Won’t spend money— Funny? And listen, buddy, I’M GOING TO STUDY. ; Movie Actress: I’ll endorse your cigarettes for no less than $50,000. Cigarette Magnate: I’ll see you inhale first. —Luflin. The Chi Os tell me that it’s a lot of Crepps about them not getting a pin ... ask Bob Royster ? “What is the difference between a stoic and a cynic?” “A Stoic brung the baby and we washed it in the cynic.”
Sixteen Tractors To Be Displayed
Sixteen new tractors of various makes will be on display next week in the old Agricultural Engineering Building at the annual Agricultural Conference at the University. Most of the machines are equipped with rubber tires, although there are steel wheels fOr all of them in case these are desired. The machines not only will be kept for display purposes for farmers’ week, but they also will be used for classroom instruction and farm work. The tractors represent all types, sizes, colors and power and range from two to six cylinders. Special tests on one of the Diesels will be run Monda.y, the opening day of the conference. C. N. Hinkle, of the Ag engineering staff stated. Other outfits will be tested from time to time by the students and also by members of the staff.
m. . . "' . Tomorrow Agronomy Seminar, Ag Hall, room 201, 4 p. m. Cosmopolitan Club, social hour. Memorial Union Building, 7 p. m. Conference on Safety, all day; Problems of. the driver, room 264, Electrical Engineering Building, 1:30-6:00 p. m. Saturday Basketball—Purdue vs. Chicago, there.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Compiilsory Drill
(The New York Times) Protests against compulsory military training in colleges have attained large enough volume to be deemed worthy of comment by the secretary of war. In his annual report, published last week, Secretary Bern scored such protests as “based upon the fallacy that such training instills a spirit of militarism in the youth of America.” There seems to be no question that opposition to compulsory drill is at least becoming more vocal among college students. At the recent Armistice day campus demonstrations against war, one of the four main issues urged by eight national student organizations wi^s support of the Nye-Kvale bill to make entry into the Reserve Officers Training Corps optional instead of compusory. This bill, introduced in congress and referred to the committee on military affairs last July, would affect 118 civil schools and colleges which now enroll cadets on a compulsory basis. A petition for the bill’s passage, sponsored by 10 student organizations, is going the rounds of the colleges and is intended for presentation to the president and congress before the committee’s public hearing ip January. Meanwhile the war department appropriation for 1936 provides a millipn-dollar increase for extending ROTC units in public high schools and colleges. It is estimated that this will add from 30,000 to 60,000 students to the 148,000 now taking military training.
Now comes the sad part. We’re going to give you some of the gems perpetuated by unnamed bright lights of the two courses: The late Queen Astrid of Belgium was said to be the Queen of Sweden, Denmark and also Australia, beside having committed marriage with an American citizen. The same person who said: that Hitler was a famous ruler of “Italy” also laid Huey Long’s death at the door of Hugh Johnson, NRA eagle, but later thought better of it and crossed out this pretty thought.
Continuing on these misiflentifications 'of foreign celebrities we find five students labelling the re cently returned George II of Greece as being the ruler of England who had celebrated his jubilee this year. They seem to have forgotten that George III of England was the harrier of their great-great-grandfath-ers during the Revolutionary peri od. Stalin, dictator of Russia, was thought to be dead by two students, while a third considered him a power in Germany. Is Anthony Eden prime minister of Prance?
Entomology Society, Ag Hall, room 103, 7:00-8:00 p. m. Industrial Education Society, Michael Golden Shops, room 101, 7:008:00 p. m. American Chemical Society, Chemistry Building, room 106, 7:30. Conference on Traffic and Safety Problems, faculty lounge. Memorial Union Building, 9:30 a. m. Golden Gloves Boxing Bouts, Memorial Gymnasium, 7:00-9:00 p
Family
Today - Friday
Saturday
TOE SAEJOLE..!, c, ■ V , ThritI «o the «wo-s«m bravade of a fearlew star..!
KIN IMfiMi //V LAWLESS .IIHD|E]Il]S
Pliu
FIRE was raging through a Virginia village at midnight. A telephone workman sped there from his home.; . found the central office in danger. Relieving the girl opermor, he handled all calls... summoned help from nearby towns . . . ’til buildings on both sides collapsed and the telephone building caught fire. Quickly he disconnected the small switchboard... moved it to safety... improvised a telephone station in a field. In 20 minutes he re-established communication. Next morning, the rescued switchboard was installed in; new quarters . .. telephone service was resumed as usual. . That telephone man received the Vail Medal... one of several awarded each year to, Bell System employees for outstanding public, service. Devotion to duty . . . day by day as well as in emergencies .. . has given America the world’s finest telephone system.
The Harvard committee on research in the social sciences has received a $300,000 Rockefeller Foundation grant.
AHOyforJOYi
''tv j
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
WamBf Broi. Ist Nail, present jcmMi , , .wltil JOAN BLOhDELL GLENDA FARRELL WfflUEiMT
Back in this country with our own secretary of state, Cordell Hull, who is neither an English statesman nor the president of Harvard, ^s stated, would not you, with (Continued on page 4)
EXTRA! EL BRENDEL
MOVIETONE NEWS
Today, Friday, Saturday
HUiliPlROM ihfc MiiS
Today - Friday - Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE
C^iATI LIFE' wirta JOE MORRISON PAUL KELiy, Gas. "Gic" Sale Rosalind Keitl!.--4'
o '■)
-3
/•'4i . , ,1'? ■j.’i ‘ Y . 4 ' i! ((
Thtu*sday» Janttai^ 9,19$6 ;
'•V
n^/4 4«.
.<3
'-Y'^i'- ■' “/Y',-" :V*'*''■’'■* '• 4^ "4-YHE-'^PltlRDtJS ’l^ltEdlSr^NT Ill iA.iliiri l■A*-^—«*-«. I iliUa.i
Eliuimations Tbiiigtit
Nine Bents Scheduled For Golden Cloves Tourney In Gym
Nine hardfd’ught boxing matches will feature the final elimination tourney for Golden Glove aspirants tonight in the Memorial Gymnasium, the first bout starting promptly at 7 o’clock. The nine winners in this evening’s card will represent the University as the Purdue Golden Glove team in the Lafayette branch of the nationwide Golden Glove tourhey some time in February. This boxing engagement is^ the third in which the pugilistic hopefuls hayp participated in this year. The previous matches were ar"ranged by Coach Maxwell to give his charges added experience for this final elimination card tonight, ft was believed last night that the full card of nine bouts would be held in spite of'the fact that two boxers withdrew shortly before the announcement of this elimination event. Need 135 Pounder Unless a fourth man volunteers to enter the 136 pound class before tonight, a plan has been devised to have all three remaining members of that class fight. Shortly before the first bell, Dix, Long, and De' Munbrum, 135 pounders, will draw straws for a bye, the losers to be matched fot the opening bout of the evening. The winner of this bout will meet with the gentleman who draws the bye in the last bout of the evening to determine the 135 pound class winner. The promoters of this boxing entertainment have warned the spec tators that unless they come early that the choice seats will be taken. The first bell will ring promptly at 7 o’clock. The lack of enthusiasm shown by the student body has been evident in the past events of this kind, the townspeople having been entirely in the majority as part of the populace. The nominal sum of only twenty-five cents is charged for the full evening’s entertainment.
"-'X/
s’). ••
Fencing Team Will Meet it. Loniis Fencers’ €lub^, Washington University
J, TOWNSENO MICHIGAN—FORWARD One of the threats against Purdue next Monday night is John Townsend, Michigan’s dashing forward. In cooperation with his brother Earl, the other regular forward for Michigan, he is responsible for the flashy performance of that quintet.
Co-eds Compete In IM Volleyball Tournament In the four co-ed intramural volleyball games yesterday afternoon, Alpha Xi Delta defeated Chi Omega, 28-20; Kappa Kappa Gamma was victorious over Ward 4, 42-15; Ward 3 won from Alpha Chi Omega by a score of 36-12; and the Women’s Residence Hall foreifted
to Ward 1.
The Boilermaker fencers leave tomorrow morning for St. Louis, where they will test theit skill against the St. Louis Fencers’ Olub and Saturday they will compete dgainst Washington University. The weapons which they will use are probably just so much steel to the layman, but to the master of fencing they are quite different and distinct in their use. The foil is a long, tapered-bladed instrument with a small hand guard and a Small square cross section. The foil is used only for thrusting, and a point is scored by touching'the opponent in front or back in the area betwjfeen the neck and the groin. On the end of the foil is the point d’arret which consists of 3 small sharp points lashed on with thread and then taped. Five touches are required to win a match with the foils. Harrison, Scott, McWil Hams, Howie Reynolds, Jim Seaborg, and Capt. Silverman are Purdue’s foilmen.
Saber
The saber, heavier than the foil and lighter than the epee, is used both for cutting and slashing. It IS the same length as the foil, 36 inches, but the front edge and six inches of the back edge as well as the point are used to touch the op ponent. The hand guard is very large so as to offer some means of protection for the elbow which is a legal target; all touches above the groin are good. Bob Green, Zic, and Antuschko will swing sabers for the Boilermakers this week-end. The epee, the same length as the other two weapons, is heavier, has a large hand guard, and is triangular in cross section. The epee has the point d’arret the same as the foil, but contains in the center of these three points some lip rouge which marks the touches that are counted any place on the body. It requires only three such points to win a match. Chase Hammann and Louis Sellers are our epee men, Squad Of Nine This squad of nine is larger than will be used in the Big Ten conference, but there are five promising sophomores whom it is hoped will develop into a winning team for the next three years. There is a pos(Continued on page 4)
Netmeii Face Gliic%d Team On Saturday
Haarlow, Maroon Ace, Presents Big Problem
For Lamhertmen
Tank Team To Meet DePanw
Saturday night will find the Boilermaker hardwood quintet in the Windy City, where the team will meet4he c|iicago Maroons in the Second conference game of the season. The game will match Purdue’s Capt. Bob Kessler Urith the Maroon ace. Bill Haarlow, consistant scoring threat, who last year won the individual scoring championship in the western conference. After the showing of the conference teams in Big Ten games the past week-end, Purdue’s chancies for another championship are high. However, the Chicago game will prove quite a hurdle for the Boilermakers to cross, since the Maroon five, built around Haarlow, is a spasmodic five, scoring frequently at regular intervals. The game may change the present standing of the leading scorers, although Kessler is eight points behind Haarlow with ten points to his credit. Beat Ohio State The Boilermakers got off to a flying start last Monday evening by trouncing the previously undefeated Ohio State team 36 to 27, while Chicago was losing to Wisconsin. Comparing teams according to scores would give Purdue the advantage over the rivals from the Midway, since Ohio State, who beat Wisconsin, who in turn beat Chicago, dropped at the hands of the Boilermakers; but winning basketball games cannot be done on pa-
per.
Coach Piggy Lambert will use the same lineup that has been playing in the past three games. Ed Elliott will be at the center post, replacing Jim Seward, who is ready
Eleven Purdue sudmmers will begin their tank season tomuirow when they meet DePauw University at Greencastle, and will gain more experience the following day against the Hoosier Athletic club at Indianapolis. The team shows more promise than recent Purdue swimming squads because, although it lacks any outstanding stars, it possesses a higher all-round abfiiiy. Coach Larry LaBree, the team’s able mentor, is relying on the experience of a basic group of veterans and the flashy performance shown by some of his neophytes in practice. The veterans include Vernor, who swims the free style; Davenport, in the fancy diving division; and Kerber, a backstroker. Newcomers The newcomers to the squad, who it is expected wiU add considerably to the Purdue score, include Jack McCauley, a backstroker; Art Farwell, a junior who has shown some very high speed in the free Style events but has been kept out of competition by ineligibility; Van Delester, a breast stroker, and Wal lace, a strong-winded swimmer who specializes in the 220 yard free style. Others who may get a chance to swim and who have served on last year’s squad include Muntz, Barnes and Gillis. These men have shown considerable improvement.
NatiBiial Phrdue’s 1035 faetbtill which finished in thh’d place in tie Big Ten race^ has been given a high nation^ ranking of twe^eti by the December rel&im of Die Williamson National Football Bating System. The Boilemtakers are surpassed in the nafionat raiddug by only Minnesota and OMo State of the Big Ten. Following Purdue in the nationdf ranking, the other Big Tea tesoaai were rated as follows in orderi Northwestern, twen^-fimt; Iowa,, twenty-second; Illinois, thir^ sixth; Michigan, forty-sixDi; Indiana, forty-seventh; Chicago, first, and Wisconsin, one hunted and sixth.
Co-ed Fencing Aspirants Meet In Women’s Gym Twenty-three aspiring co-ed fencers met for the first Dme in the Women’s Gym Tuesday for practice. There will be another meeting ;tonight at 7:30 at the same place, when Jack Silverman, captain of the varsity fencing team, will teach the co-ed candidates the use of the foils. Regular practice meetings will be held every Tuesday and Thursday evening at 7:30. The co-eds will be divided into gronps in order that each one may receive individual attention.
SQUASH
All freshmen report at 8th and Main Streets at 7:30 tonight for squash practice. FOWLER. '
for action at a moment’s notice, while Capt. Kessler and Jewell Young will be at forward. The guard job will be shared by three capable netmen in “Red” Lambert, Pat Malaska, and Glen Downey.
if a Sandwieb a Driak then a CHOP STEAK 10c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
jm
Your Guesp^ Will Be Delighted By Getting to^Stay at The Union Ulnb
1/ ^ ^
Living in the center of things is a thrill in itself. But the Union Club was created to offer Purdue Students and Purdue’s Friends xnore than just this. By offering accommodations with the newest and most complete furnishings, it has gained its popularity. Private shower bath, inner coil spring mattresses, private telephone, and efficient maid service are just a few of the comforts which the Union Club offers. Indeed, your guests will be delighted by getting to stay at the Union Club. Make reservations at the Union Desk or by telephone. Piirdiie Memorial UmIoii “The Corner of the Campus, Yet the Center of College Activities*’' i
efio
MILD
LIGHT
FOR PIPiS
CIGARETTES
-yfeLri
\w I 4tl
• 411# Iiv ir
NOT rets No' noHe» iMeeqptod ^ ai.
Freshman Ensrineer»-~AU divisions of enSineeritig lectdres 'vdll meet today at 11 in Elisa Fowler Hall. —kNAPP.
Fraternity Ptesidente’ Council—^Meeting tonoght at 6 at Pirathon house —McCONNEEE.
y W. C. A. Settlement House—^Please meet at the Y. W. office at 4 today. Very, important and short. _sexS0N.
Women’s Open Swim7:30 to 9:80.
-This evening from —ELLIS.
Co-ed Volleyball—In the large gym today. Pi Beta Phi and Women's Residence Hall, at 4: Ward 1 and Ward 4, at 4:30. In small gym: Ward 2 tnd Alpha Xi Delta, at 4: Alpha Chi Omega and Chi Om^a, 4:80. —SCUDDER,
P. I. A. Dance Class—^liesson at 7:80 tonight at Allen’s. Full attendance expected. —DIETRICH.
Gold Peppers—Important meeting in the tower room of Union at 4 today. —HUTCHINSON.
Y. W. C. A.—No cabinet meeting today. —GOBBLE.
Co-ed Fencing—Girls coming out for fencing must be present at a meeting to be held in the Women’s Gym at 7:30 tonight. —I^DLEY. Debaters—Members of the varsity, freshman and co-ed debate squads mert in the tower room of the Union at 6:46' tonight. —MAXON.
A. S. M. E.—^Members who have paid dues get pins at G. A. Young’s office. —WELDY.
A. S. M. E—All sophomore workers meet In computing room at 4 today. Bring lists. —WELDY.
A. Ir Ch. E.—Group picture *fpr Debris will be fadien this evening at r 7 US. Full’ attendance required.
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—^Por sale, rent, fepaiTed and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Chamberlain^s special for this week—^Pecan Crunch and New York. Order it—it's delicious.
Meals—^Room -for three at table. Board by the week. Reasonable— 432 North Grant.
Prof. Randolph Noiris Shi’eve, pi the University Chemical engineering school, married the former Mrs. Eleanor _Butns Mitchell, of Cleveland, 0., on ' Thursday, Decembei; 26, at the home of the bride’s mother in Pennsylvania. In the last few years Mrs. Shreve has been a resident of Cleveland, O., where she was conneetjed with women’s clubs, radio work, and political activities. She is a member of the Cleveland Sorosis, The Women’s City club, the women’s committee of the Cleveland Symphony Orchestra, and the League of Women Voters.
Co-ed Shuffleboard Tourney—^The following games must be played today at 4: game I—^Kerkhoff and Holstead vs. Merriell and Larimore; game 2—Riohey and Scudder vs. winner game 1; game 8—^Patterson and Knapp vs. winner game 2. —DIETRICH.
Co-ed Ping-Pong—^Today is the last day for the following games to be played :Hioltman vs. McClary, Parks vs. Glunt, Wiley vs. Craig, Herman vs. Boehn, Bastburn vs. Holtom, Call vs. Fands, Llppert vs. Deere, Christenson vs. Scudder, Stettler vs. Byers, Roe vs. Reith. DIETRICH.
-Meet tonight at —LUGINBILL.
Entomological Somety- ■ :30 in Ag Hall.
Jane Wright Appointed Chestnut Room Manager Miss Jane Wright, of Lafayette, who received her B. S. degree from the University in ’34, has been appointed manager of the chestnut room of the Memorial Union Building. She assumed her duties on January 6, after serving as dietician at Ohio Wesleyan University. She succeeds Miss Miriam Moore, also of the class of ’34, who is now Mrs. Robert Foley, of Chicago. Mrs. Foley was recently appointed assistant manager of the American Commons club, at Chicago University.
Coach Nohle Kizer Made Member Of Rules Board
Co-eds Sign Up For Fencing
Knitting office.
Club'—Meet tonight in Union —KUEHN.
Camera Club—Business meeting tonight in the Union office. All those who have ■dark room fees please attend. —SCHOLBR.
Make-Up Exam in Punctuation—^There will be a make-up exam in punctuation for all students who have not yet made a passing grade this afternoon in room 101, Education Building, at 4 and at 6 for those who cannot come at 4. —WYKOFP.
For the fourth straight year. Noble E. Kizer, Purdue atliletic director and head football coach, has been appointed as one of four rep-' resentatives of the American Football Coaches’ Association to serve as advisory members of the football rules committee-, according to notification received from D. O. McLaughrey, of Bro-wn, president of the association. The other representatives of the Coaches’ Association on the rules committee will be Lou Little, Columbia; Aay Morrison, Vanderbilt; and C. E. “Tiny” Thornhill, Stanford.
Candition Exam in Chemistry 2—Will be given January 11 at 1 p. m. in room 101 Education Building. All students wishing 'to remove conditions in Chemistry 2 before the opening of the second semester must take the exam at this time. Necessary arrangements must be made at room 210, Chemistry Building not later than today in order that the $2 fee may Be paid before the exam is given. Conditions in Chemistry 1 may be removed at the same time by making special arrangements. —TEST.
Twenty-three of the twenty-seven girls that signed up for fencing turned out Tuesday afternoon to learn the on guard and thrust positions. Silverman, who is coaching the girls, said they were pretty stiff" and that the exercise would prob ably keep them that way for a jcouple of weeks. Fencing for co-eds at Purdue is comparatively new, but it is not at other schools; and it is the aim of the coaches to put Purdue co-ed fencing on a par with the others. This afternoon will be the last open practice. All who do not attend and sign up then will ndt be able to participate. |
sur^ ; lov:dywill. se^e,,yb'ia'siwe;'tHey ate'Cirpwn ;; cleaned 'fegul-^My.^- ■ y iifVE HAVE BOTH Naphthii and Garbon^Tet Cloning ■ rMETHOhs
. ..'.ryp, i ’‘tf. jii't:
■ i ‘4^
FINE
CLEANERS
O F
FINE C L O T H E S
grant will make possible, said: “Purdue University will be careful in this instance not to duplicate the splendid efforts of other agencies in connection with surveys, yet it feels that it has an unusual opportunity to cooperate in the interest of the public in this whole problem of public safety, which is big and important enough to justify a number- of different angles of attack.”
Trackmen—Men desiring to try for varsity indoor track report to room 104 of the Armory at 4- tomorrow. —MoCOLLOUM.
LYLE E. FISHER Watclmiaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lasie-Pyke-Werkho'ffi Company Phone 3882
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
FENCING TEAM WILL (Continued from page 3) sibility that Matthews will be taken along. The chief difficulty is that there is a great lack of saber men. Green has been outstanding in competition before, but Antueshko has never been in combat. This will also be the first meet for Harrison, Sellers and Seaborg. Captain Silverman hopes to train Seaborg to fill his place in saber matches because the new rules will not allow him to compete in both foil and saber matches. The freshmen under Coach Gruder will probably spend two more weeks learning fundamentals before attempting actual combat, but already some are sho-wing fine form
CO-EDITS— (Continued from page 2) the world of sports, be startled to find Jesse Owens, Ohio State track flash, as a suave economist of the New Deal regime, as someone thinks him to be? Doubtlessly the
president -would be annoyed to have Eleanor, the wife of his bosom, ruthlessly torn away from him and named as his daughter by five of our students, or his grand-daughter by another. Warm Springs, F. D. R.’s infantile paralysis resort was located in Arkansas, Colorado and Georgia, the last state being where it belongs.
NEWS! Did you know: Barbara Hutton, Woolworth heiress, is now an evangelist in Salt Lake City; Dr. Dafoe is really the father of the Quints; Jay Berwanger plays for Notre Dame; George Weyerhaeuser, the child kidnapped on the west coast, is guilty of the murder
of a society girl; Omaha, who won the last derby, is now a battleship; the Normandie, supposedly built by France, was really constructed by Britain, America, or Italy, and recently sank; and (coming close to home) Melvin Purvis, former ace G-man, is now a Purdue All-Amer-ican football star in disguise! What price education!
Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phom S701 Corner 4th and Main
SAFETY CONFERENCE— (Continued from page 1) Courier, will preside. Among the speakers will be: F. W. Rodenheber, Louisville, Ky., safety council; A. R. Forster, director of safety education, Evanston, 111., and Harold F. Hammond, National Bureau of Casualty and Surety Underwriters, New York. Safety Legislation J. S. Baker, National Safety Council, Chicago, will lead a round table discussion on safety legislation and the driver’s license law at a luncheon at noon. Tomorrow afternoon’s program will consist of demonstrations. Dr. Herman A. Heise, toxicologist, of Columbia hospital, Milwaukee, Wis., will show the effects of alcohol on the driver, while George W. Barton, Chicago Motor club, will demonstrate types of drivers’ tests. Prof. Ammon Swope will preside
ALLSPAW BARBEE & BEAUTY SHOPPE Shampoo and Finger Wave... 60c 327 State St. and on Pierce St. Dial 2067
Keep ^rm in 1936 with Korty’s Better Coals
Fltoiie 5033
NYA GETS NEW— (Continued from page 1) P. Snethen, supervisor of public service projects for the National Youth Administration. Data Will Be Gathered Data for the planning of local and state-wide safety programs will be gathered under the general supervision of a nationally known safety expert, Lt. Franklin M. Kreml, director of the local institute, on leave of absepce as head of the Bureau of Accident Prevention of the Evanson, 111., police department. To be eligible for employment on this project, young persons must be certified by senior visitors of the governor’s commission for unemployment relief. They will work 42 hours a month for wages ranging from $13 to $25, based on approximately one-third of the security wage paid to Works Progress Administration workers in the counties where they are employed. Dean Potter Comments Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of the engineering schools, in commenting on the expansion of the work of the public safety institute, which the National Youth Administration
DR, A. M, IRION Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNEE
Dorner^s Flower Shop Quality FIowerB Main at 7th Phone 6050