!
J,
j^ERRY-GO-ROl/ND Tells of Beauty Queens
^ On'Parade for Churchill
Vdume 56, No. 13
EDITORIAL Says Give Circufatiorl Manager "Hell^^ Today
Established 1889
Buy Your Bag a Rag
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, May 27, ISMI3
Kenton s KatsTo KickOut Friday At Union Mixer
Backrow Critic Predicts Triumph Tonight In Show
Playshop , Claudia'
Maesfro Will Flash Before Jive Hounds In Music Hall
According to the dress rehearsal held yesterday afternoon in Fowler Hall, Playshop’s newest production, “Claudia”, is coming alohg in fine style. Even from a select seat in the baclj row the “sex” of the show was still very obvious, and the acting worthy of note. Each of the
Indiana Home Economics
Conference Ends
Today
Food Preservation, Better Nutrition Program Highlight Yesterday's Session
Khaki Commandos To Get In For $1.65; All Civilians Must Buy Defense Stamps ' Stan Kenton, his musicians and vocalists, will be Sit the TTniversity tomorrow night to play for the Mixer in the Utfidtt Ballrooms. Previous to the dance, the maestro and his men will present a specialty program at 7 p. m. in the Hall of Music. This will be the first wartime convo held on the University campus this semester with defense stamps being required for admittance. Admission to the
Food preservation and storage and better nutrition for the public as a whole are the principal topics being considered at the special University conference of home economics teachers from northern Indiana which ends today. Speakers and participants included specialists from the home economics and agricultural staffs of the University, a number of attending teachers,
and parents. Miss Hortense Hurst, state supervisor of home economics education for the State Department of Education, outlined the responsibilities of teachers in the nutiition and food preservation piogiam. Discusses Food Production Clarence Eyer of the state staff discussed the food production and conseivation program. Miss Mather, teacher in the Montmorenci
PIA To Conclude Summer Enrollment Monday, June 7
STAN KENTON
Purdue Independent Association, the organization of independent students on this campus, will officially close its membership for this se-
PLAYSHOP’S “CLAUDIA” Sex galore fills out Playshop’s newest laugh sensation tonight in Fowler Hall. Curtains will part at 7:30.
high school. Superintendent Dins- mestei on Monday, June 7, P. James more of the Porter County schools Penile, membership chaiiman, has
Dr. Robertson Describes Use Of Gyroscope
eight characters was able to cary his part and convey the spirit in which the story was written. / Sara Andrew, who plays the part of “Claudia”, is remarkably suited to do the job and does it, or so it would appear, almost unconsciously. “Daruska”, Betty Wedge to you, and the Easter Egg to the play- —
shop cast, manages, almost to convince patrons of the finer arts that she is what she pretends to be. However, she will have to alter one or two things, at least she should not trip over the wrinkled rug unless a trip is called for in the script; or, if she does trip she might act like it is in the script—everyone else who tripped over it did. But confidentially we’re in the daik and aie plannirlg to see the show again Saturday night just to find out whether or not that wrinkled rug is in the
script.
A Good Laugh
According to a strict account planation
kept during the perfoi mance it was found that there woie at least five punch lines m the fast act alone that are put over as the writer, Rose Franken, and possibly the director intended, and will, most likely, get a laugh fiom any audi-
ence.
The second act stai ts off with a bang, leally good, (sex, intrigue, inuendo, and stufl); and then ends with one wondeiing, “Why don’t I blow this file tiaj)”—all because Batah can’t decide wliothci he should let the audience in on his phbne calks oi not. When he finishes phoning ‘Mothei Deai’, half of the people 111 the back low thought mothei was about to be maiiiod, and when it tinned out something different. Piobably this will be altered for the benefit of the cash custpmeis tonight. Third Act Sublimes In the third act the jilayeis take things from the iidiculous to the sublime, figuratively speaking of course, and put over some very creditable scenes with real ‘meat’ to the lines which gave the gentle player go’er something to think about as well as something to laugh about.
and Mrs. Hugh Sniffin of Montmorenci, discussed how the school lunch program will help meet the nutri-
tion problem.
Mrs. Wanda Hughes of Royerton high school spoke on the lunch program as a school activity, and Mrs. Mane Ringle of Ball State Teacher’s College discussed school lunch
announced. Until then memberships may be obtained at a cost of fifty cents for the entire term from the PIA office, second floor of the Union. The office will be open daily from 4 to 5 p. m. Provides Free Admissions Membership in the PIA provides
Last Tuesday evening at 7 ;30. Dr. C. H. Robertson spoke to the University chapter of the ASME in the lecture room of the Physics Building on the gyroscope. Dr. Robertson, more commonly
dance will be $1.65 plus the same war stamp tickets used for the convo. For service iiien, however, the price of admission is j ust $1.65; the purchase of war stamps is not necessary. Kenton’s orchestra has had a rapid rise in popularity since its conception in Hollywood a year ago. His initial engagement was at the Rendevouz in Balboa Beach, Calif. From there he was given IZ consecutive weeks of airtime over the Mutual Network, which was instrumental in establishing his present reputation. Though Kenton has a group of talented musicians, dqe credit must be given to his vocalists, Red Dorris and Dolly Mitch-
ell.
Dancing To Begin At 8:30
Dancing will get underway at tq>proximately 8:30. Uncle Sam, in an ensemble of red, while, and blue, plus the letters “Stan Kentoh” running in a diagonal stripe on the blue background, will comprise^ the backdrop. The Mixer will he preceded by a convo which is designed to put the University within reach of its $2500 goal in war stamps.
War Brings Greatest Changes In Education
known as Big Robbie, talked on and
demonstrated the applications of The only charge for admission vrtll the gyroscope in modern life. All be 50 cents in war stamps whiah gyroscopes are built on the same must be shown at the door, along
New Trends In Training To Aid World When Baffles Of Presenf Global War End
problems, following which Miss admission to the regular PIA principal as the well known chil- ^ith a ticket of admission. The Wave Bowes of the University staff dance, weekly afternoon tea dances Wren’s toy which will balance on a stamps may be purchased in adand Mrs. Ringle headed sessions on throughout the semester, and other gtrmg and do many other amazing vance of the show at the Union school lunch problems with Misses ^ feats. building, at the cashier's office ip Edith Gamble, Ruby Clark, and ward parties. In addition, PIA spon- Properties Of Gyroscope the Executive Building, or at DeckMargaretHiit of the University sors for its members a bowling tour- There are five important physical ers’in Lafayette. They also may fee
staff. These sessions included a visit nament and regular dancing classes, properties which explain the acto the West Lafayette High School. Apart from these advantages of tions of the gyroscope. They are: Teachers Lead Discussion membership, however, PIA also inertia, parallelism of planes of roThe following teachers composed Provides the independent student tation, parallelism of axis of rota-
purchased at the door the evening
of the performance.
Music Hall Program ^ The program will include musical
By Sydney Tuesburg
Wai' has brought about changes in the living, the working,
and the learning of everyone. It has changed many types of plans but most of all, those of education. The war is, however, just an interlude in the life of our country; and one recognizes the need for trained women. Their training will not only be of value just for the duration, but also after the war. No ex-
needed for the
a panel on how to teach youngsters with a means of representation and tion, the 90 degree rule, and accele- numbers by Stan Kenton’s orcha»«
to eat the right foods: Marybelle Halstead, Mrs. Betty Hiatt, Mrs. Norma Almquist, Mrs. Belgen Wells Miss Margaret Johnson, Miss Mildied Hess, Miss Mary Hannon,
and Mi§s Vera Howell.
Professor S. A. Anderson of the
association. The main purpose of ration of pi^pcession and extended tra; a special skit put on by PurddB the organization has been to unite shaft. The properties were shown piayshop which will show two 8<>|students who, thi ough solitary loca- by demonstration. diers in a foxhole in -Guadalcasid, tion, have found themselves isolat- Any mass which rotatoes on an and two of three other features ed. Since, in the past, PIA has held axis is a gyroscope. By this defini- by Playshop. Men in the ptjPtttTy a large percentage of all independ- tion everything from the entire uni- units at the University wBI ent students in its membership, it verse to the smallest atom is a and remain for the usual FiS^s^
University agricultuial engineering ^as come to be regarded as the offi- gyioscope. The principal use of this night show for service meh. •im
participation of women in war work, and the continuance of their training is both a necessary and patriotic gesture. Although a great number of the coeds aie enioiled in home eco-
Poultry Department Issues New Bulletin
“Save a chicken and feed a sol-
iiomics and science, a greater num- dier”’ is the theme ot the “Iloosier
bet than ever befoie is expected to Hen Helpei”,
enroll in Engineeimg, Agricultuie the Univeisity poultiy dcpaitment, and Phaimacy. The American This leaflet is designed as a medCouncil on Education appointed a ium foi keeping peisons who are sjiecial committee which has listed reiving as volunteer county poultry the essential fields of ivoik which leaders infoimed of cm lent develrequiie trairnng beyond the high opmenis m the pouHiy mdustiy.
school level.
Definite SIioi tage Among those listed and in which theie IS a definite shoitage of tiainod women, aic engineeimg, physics, dietetics and nutiition, cheniistiy, jiharmacy, agiicultiiial specialists, and teacheis oi physics, home economics, ])hysical education and nui-
sciy school.
The Univeisity now offeis special (See WARTIME EDUCAT, pg. 4)
staff spoke on drying of foods; Moss Gail Redfield of the University staff on preparation of foods for drying and freezing; and Dr. Gertrude Sunderlin of the University on current canning problems. Today's program includes a demonstration and discussion on canning by Miss Mane Straszheim,
i new publication of nutritionist of the Home Econom-
ics Extension; a discussion of “What Shall We Teach on Food Conservation” by Professor Muriel G. McFailand, in charge of Home Economics education; discussion of “Preparation and Use of Dehydiated Foods” by Miss Ruth Jordan and Mrs. Inez Canan of Home Economics Reseaich staff’ of the University; and, concluding the piogram, an illustrated talk by Prof. E. C. Stair of the University hoiticultiJial staff’ on “Storage of
Garden Pioducts.”
cial organ of the independents and ingenious device is for stablization. program for the general piiblifr'#ifi acts in their behalf in University Large steamships use them to keep i^st one hour from 7 to 8 o'cldcfe'
affairs.
Coeds To Hold Mixed Recreation Tonight
the boats on an even keel as possi- Additional color will be con^rible in rough water. Both ships and buted by the appearance at the airplanes use applications of the ^ance of a “rag” edition by SigiM. gyroscope for automatic piloting Chi. This special eight-page
gazette is guaranteed to give ffi-
devices. One of the oldest known uses of the principals of this in-
strument IS the boomerang. Dr. Robertson received his degree
Mixed recreation will ^(e held in from South Dakota State College
Help on problems confi outing poultiy laiseis, items ol infoiillation on available publications, and news biiefs are included. In the first issue suggestions are made for timely tojiics foi discussion during suiiimer months, oi lor the assistance of leaileis ol classes, clubs, and organizations niteiested in poultry laising. Copies of this leaflet are available at any Indiana County Agiicultural Extension of-
fice.
the women’s Gymnasium on Friday, from 7:30 until 10 p. m. Soft-soled shoes are all that is required; and all those interested in swirn^ miitg, badminton, volley ball and other indoor spoits are invited.
He spent seven years in China studying the education,problems of the Chinese people and trying to piomote an interest in the sciences. During this time Big Robbie learned to lead and write Chinese.
side information about grafting professors, double-crossing jbe boys, engaged coeds who do not awit like it, and so on. The cost will be only a dime.
Coeds and eds without dates are al- He has also served on the faculties
so urged to attend.
Sigma Alpha Mu
D. A. Armstrong
are Hof'! ! ? ? : : ; ; .. 'Grimy Gazettee'. They me a seegar, gin and a Grandma Sex: Bring
. . . social fiaternity, announces the initiation of Allen Don, Phillip Callnei, and Robert Litvin of Chicago; Harold Igdaloff of Toledo, Ohio; and Saul Tiss of Paterson, N. J.
of five universities teaching chemistiy, physics, physical education, English, mechanical engineering, and education. In 1926 Dr. Robertson was awaided an honorary doctor’s degree by the South Dakota
State College.
Tau Beta Pi To Hold Anniversary Dinner
. . . fqimer graduate of the Univcisity, has been made district su-
On the whole the per foi mance is peiintendent of engineers foi a ■just as good, if not better than any gieater part of Illinois, under the other that the playshop oiganiza- Public Service Commi.ssion of the (See PLAYSHOP, page 4) state.
A Thin Dime Will Buy One It^s A Hot Dish For You Fish;
Fiftieth anniversary of the founding of the University’s Chapter of Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary, will be marked by a banquet at the Union Saturday night. Dean A. A. Potter of the Schools of Engineering, Prof. L. V. Ludy,, the oldest member of the chapter, and
others will speak.
Guests of honor will he the np-
Graduation ceremonies fpr West tional officeis of the organization. Lafayette High School seniors will C. H. Spencer, Washington, D. d, be held this evening at 8 o’clock in president; Muron Greese, Cotle|^ the IVJusic Hall. Governor Shricker Park, Maryland, vice-president} B. is to address the 90 graduates, his C. Matthews, Knoxville, Tennv, afiOsubject being “What Kind of a retary-tieasurer; and R. H. Nage}, World Do You Want?” The school Knoxville, Tenn., editor of The oichestia and mixed chorus will Bent, official publication of the present music for the program. fiateimty, will attend.
Schricker To Speak At W. L. Graduation
Don’t Forget ^Grimy Gazette' At Dance Friday
mamPurdue Expon^tit,
Wi a?-'-'
|;,A
m
Purdue Exponent
Offices; Editorial and Busiiness Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhousef Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After lO p. m., 5377
Hanorav Editor.,.,; Honorary Editor.’: Honorary Buainoss Manaaer With the Colors
William G. Hoskins Dale E. Butz ...Gerhard H. Klouman
Editor..;..^ BneineSs Manager Hews Editor........... Manaaina Editor. .. AdTcriisIna Manaaer. 8portfcEditor....„ Cied Witor
..Robert W. Boswinkle James G. Petty Sally Beall Donald E. Brewer ..A. Jane Keim Joseph S. Dawson Jean Lauer
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Aaioeftte Bifitbriir H. B. Abbett, C. C. MartindclI. E. F. MutTysor.. "W. .L. Vermilion', C. J. Wilbur. Coed Staff: Ruth Ford, Madclyn Grotnes, Katherine Howes. Sports Staff: R. M. K .1. Smith, C. E. Sowards. Business Staff Assistaht Advertising Manager : C. L. Gaunt. lAyoot ijir^tOr: J: B. Tabb. Circalatibn Manager: R. G. Sauerman. Accpant|. Manager: Mary Dilta.
The Purdue Independent Editoltiio.Chlet.-..-. Bert Sqnier
^ ■ ' ■ Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Vermilion Issue Editor: Ward Day Editor: Howes Sports Editor: Smith Reporters: Baynes, Hammel, Sameson, Andre, Stenes, Ther* rio, Hablas, HellTrich, Garrett.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana,' under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, anti at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published oh Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during the year, exe'ept certain vaction periods. Delivered locally .by carrier for $1.26 for a semester; by mail for $1.60 for a semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union. Repre.sented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, .'Inc.,;^^ College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison-New York, N. Y.
mSHMTON
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Tm R«$, U. S. P-At. Off.
We To Please Hold on to the railing, subscribers, because here’s something that’s liable to floor you. We, the Exponent staff, are inviting you, the people that the paper boy misseS, to give circulation manager Bob Sauerman hell this afternoon between the hours of 4 and 6 if your feel so inclined—we aim to please. Seriously, though, here’s our situation: Delivery service the first-two weeks this semester was poor. Complaints were everywhere. Some complaints are still being received, but the number of complaints is smaller. Many subscribers are regularly getting their paper, as they should be; but we have an idea that maybe some who paid for subscribers are not getting them yet. Perhaps the reason the complaints are fewer is because the victims are weary of complmning. The paper’s delivery situation is not a healthy one, both from the stand point of good busin'Ofes and of good ethics; however, the Exponent’s cause is somewhat justified. Last semester, because of the emphasis on studies and the calling of many students to the services, the carrier turnover was high. Some carriers no more than got so that they knew their routes when they quit reporting to the presktoom on publication days. This semester four earners are ■handling seven routes. But justified,or not, some subscribers are not getting what they paid for, and we are determined to do something about their plight. This afternoon Bob will be down in the office ready to receive and record all complaints that come in. Bob really is a congenial fellow. When, some weeks ago, he was notified of his election as circulation manager, he said, “I was just afri^ki r<l get that job”; so unless you just can’t'fcohtrul yourself, you might take it a little easy on the lad. He’s working consciencious on a,difficult task. ’ / Here’s something, though: Those that aren't getting! the paper can’t very well read this; so if you know someone who subscribed and isn’t receiving his phper, tell him to call Bob this afternoon. If it is inconvenient for anyone to telephone, a note sent to the office will suffice Saturday we’re going to analyze the complaints and attempt to correct the situation. r.w.b.
James fF. Neff ... former University stuilent, received hi.s wings a.s a second lieutenant fi-om the Marfa, Tex., AAF Advanced'Flying School. Lieutenant Neff went to Marfa from the Pecos Basic Flying School, Pecos, Tex.
Jame$ D. Wolff
. . . former student of the University, graduated from the Nayal Air. Ti'aiiiing Center, Corpus Christi, Tex,, and was commissioned a second lieutenant in the U. Marine Corps Reserve.
LL Col. George Jarvis . . . EE graduate, class of ’26, has been promoted from the rank of major in the U. S. Army Signal Corps. Formerly an engineer with the Indiana Bell Telephiine Company at Indianapolis, Jai’vis is now stationed in England. He was called to active duty with the rdnk of major in 1941.
Don^lCI** Abair university student and pledge of Delta Tau Delta fr.iiternity, has recently arrive^! at Big Spring, Xex„ for training as a bombardier cadet. Upon satisfactory completion of this training, he will
ly DREW.FearsdH Models Parade For Churchill At Private Fashion Show; John Lewis Sends Checic To AFL^or Dues WASHINGTON-r-There was one very hush-hush conference staged for the benefit of Winston Churchill in Washington which was no military secret. It was a parade of beautiful models dressed in the latest New York fashions. It came about when the Prime Minister asked Mrs. Harry Hopkins about the latest styles'.worn by American women. He said he would like to see some of them. So Mrs, Hopkins got Mrs. Averell Harrison and together they organized a fashion show. Sending to New York for the latest gowns, they staged a private, ultra-exclusive fashion show for the Prime Minister of Britain, with the help of several imported models. Churchill got quite a kick out of it. Friends say that his photographic mind will remember most of the details, and the first thing he will do when he gets back to Lonon will be to tell Mrs. Churchijl all about it. “She’s sure to ask me,” he remarked, “just what the women are wearing in America.” Eager John'L. Lewis Only insiders know it, but John L. Lewis wanted re-admission to the AFL so badly that he enclosed with his application a check for $60,000 advance dues. He hoped to take his old friends by storm and win immediate admission. The AFL Executive Committee was sitting at the, time he sent the check, and would not meet again until August. Lewis hoped they would act pronto, so he could lay plans for throwing his weight around at the next AFL convention in October. But quick admission of the Mine Workers was blocked partly by two independents inside the AFL, partly by the White House, where temperatures rose rapidly for fear Lewis, bitterly anti-New Deal, would swing the AFL away from cooperation with the President. Lewis had nursed his plan to rejoin the AFL for a long time. Recently, he had begun to feel deeply the public resentment against his coal strike, and also to feel the weakness of his pojiition outside both of the big union organizations. In trying to worm back inside the AFL, he used the good offices of Big Bill Hutcheson, boss of the Carpenters Union—and herein lay the greatest irony of the entire operation. For it was Hutcheson, now a willing emissary for John, who fell flat on his back under a blow from the fist of Lewis at the Atlantic City convention in 19,'15. Wooden MosquiJ-o Ask the man in the street whether it’s true or false that Germany is now being bombed by planes made of wood, carrying no guns, and accompanied by no fighters. His answer; False. Correst answer: True. The RAF is now using such a plane, and most successfully. It is the new Mosquito bomber, made of spruce ply-wood, and using speed instead of armament for its protection. Persons who remember the famous air race from England to Australia in 1934 know how the Mosquito gets its start. Winner of that race was the DeHaviland Comet. Only two planes of this type were ever built, but they served as a' model for the devastating Mosquito which is dodging the fighters and anti-air-craft fire over Germany today. The Mosquito operates on a wholly different theory of attack and defense from the big four-engined can-non-and-machine-gun jobs that have done most of the RAF bombing. It has a top speed of 400 miles an hour, which means the fighters can’t overtake it. It dodges into a specific target, such as a railroad yard, drops its small load of bombs with deadly aim, dodges out again. ^ At present the Mosquito is made only in Britain and Canada, but its performance has so deeply impressed U. S. Air Forces that plans are on foot for its production in the United States. No Secrets In Mexico It can now be revealed that Secret Service agents had a lot of trouble keeping the President’s visit to Mexico a secret. In fact, practically every literate Mexican knew or thought he knew what was going to happen. The American press kept the secret and most of the American public was in the dark. But not the Mexicans. The tip-off was President Avila Camacho’s public request for Congressional permission to leave the country “for not more than 72 hours”. This made it clear that he was not going to Washington. And it was not hard to guess that if he crossed the border, he would be met by no less than his opposite number, the President of the United States, Another tip-off was the fac^ that Avila Camacho arrived in Monterrey three days in advance of the meeting, while Mexican newspapers were allowed to speculate freely. No wonder Mike Reilly was worried. Reilly, chief of the White House Secret Service detail, had gone to Monterrey in advance, to smell out any danger spots. Pie had a tip that certain hardware firms in the city were run by Germans, and hardware stores handle arms and ammunition. Also he was fearful of the shaky road-bed of the Mexican railroad between the hoi'dei' and Monterrey. Every mile of the lino was carefully cheeked by an official of the Missouri Pacific Railroad, and as for the hardware stores, Reilly found that they had been dry-cleaned by the Mexican Government after Mexico’s declaration of war. In making inspections, Reilly worked closely with General Eulogio Ortiz, former chief-of-staff for Pancho Villa, and a gi-eat admirer of General MacArthur. It is General Artiz’ ambition to be sent to Australia to serve with MacArthur. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
receive his wings as Bombardier.
Second Lieut. Fred Daoust ... a graduate of the University, has received his bombardier wings upon graduation from the Ueming, N. M., Army Air P’ield. Lieut, Daoust was formerly from Definance, Ohio.
^ By Jack Abbett Everyone in the whole wide world seems happy over the announcement Horn Russia that the Communist Internatiopal' has been abandoned for the betterment of relations between the United States and Britain and Russia. The' Secretariat of the Ipternational also pointed out that its job had proved unsuccessful and therefore there was little need for its existance. What the Internatibnql failed to point out was that ifs system was so complete that it was able to give the U.' S. officials who desired the information all the facts concerning Nazi activities in South America. This seems to show that the Intei^national 'was far front asleep in its activities and every thing was not in vain. The organization is official- . ly dead but who knows when it JEEP TAGS ON SALE might spring to life and cause the Members of the Freshmen coun- democracies a gi'eat deal embarcil at Northwestern University are rassmgnt.
sponsoring a sale of Jeep Tags. These Jeep tags sell for 10 cents
X-X-X
Field Marshall J. G. Smuts, South
‘Hon. Spy happy to report strain of war driving'U. S. soldier insane—always make child-like remark such as; “Boy, what I’d give to have a beautiful doll.”
and are designed in the shape of a . .
„ . „ . , J. African prime minister, has de jeep. Proceeds fi^m social func- when the war ends it tions in the past have been turned the suddeness that ty-
fr» rHo hr\»ivH TAi* TnP plifiecl the collapse of the German Armie^in 1918. If this were to cotne true, it would make a great many of the United Nations’ leaders very unhappy for they have been counU
over to the Governing board for the purchase of a jeep but sevei'al hundred dollars are still needed.
—E—P— ■ ; ' RUMOR CLINIC
University Calendar
i ' I Z .
Thursday, May 27
:00 P.M. Playshop—“Claudia” ...I...Eliza Fowler Hall Friday, May 28 ' ;00 P.M. Dance ...No. & So. Ballrooms, Uii.
Today's Screen Review News—-8 min. ...4:33— Screen Snapshots—10 mih ...3:08--4:41 Land of Orizaba—9 min, .3:18— Army Show—20 min,... .3:27—4:51 Winter Paradise—10 min.: .3:47-—5:11 Brief Interval—10 min. .....3:57—5:21 Show Business at War (M of T)-—17 min,..:....:.... ...4:07—5:3l Jasper and the Choo-Choo—9 min,...: ...4:24—5 :48 Out—5:57
Michigan State has organized jug on the complete Collapse of the rumor clinic which is established in' Axis after the home soil of the their Union. The purpose of the been,stained a blood fed clinic is to track down rumors, mali- with Axis blood. This, of course] is cious or otherwise, and either have hard attitude to talce because it them verified or disqualified. Ybii will also mean the loss of many of may phone ii^ your rumor or attend goldiers, but it took just such to it persona;lly but you must give measure to subjugate the French your name, where you heard the during their period of aggression In rumor and when and how. The last century. And strange proper people will be contacted and enough it was the Germans artt) the rumors and answei's ■will be English who Were the people that
posted on a bulletin board in the
Union. i ,. :-
Fashions For Femmes By Norma Roll Fashions latest roar' is checks and stripes. Big ones, little ones, and different sorts of color combinations are ornamented with pearl buttons and clever trim. If you are one who sews her own, be certain first that the trim you use is washable; only then should you stitch it. Why not use something interesting, from all sorts of apron shapes and clever necklines, to huge pockets? .41ong the check line, we have all sorts of fresh snappy blouses even to the "end at the knee’ over-sized shirts the gals are wearing to class. For dances, teas and special dates, we find our girls handsomely dressed in browm or black combined with white or just plain black for that more sophisticated look. The skirts, once full, have slimmed down to severe (material saving) straight lines, and girls, we’ve noticed a drop in the length of those skirts,.too! , Last, but not least to you timid girls, who hesitate to bring your novel ideas into view; come on out and give us all a break. You may have the answer for it all. '■
_E—P—
DATES RATIONED The University of California has set up a system of War Manpower Rationing. Each coed is allowed 48 points a month for dating, coking or any other campus activity. Points are even needed to sit next to a man in class. The idea behind this is that if the coed doesn’t get a date, she must give up points for at least trying. Also the more fun a coed has on her date, the more it costs in points. The plan formulated by the University of Michigan costs the coeds money. The ba.sic charge is .$1.60 for which a coed is allowed' an evening at her hpnie with a man. The coeds pay all the expenses on the.se dates too. Try An Exponent Classified! LUHA TODAY- FRI. -SAT. Boon for BosperaiNo!
i'oai
HiUrFOK
gMDIMliili
Health Service Reports Within the last week most ho.spital cases required surgery,/ according to the latest Health Service report. It shows that only one Curtiss-Wright Cadette has heeded any medical attention. Those discharged from St. Elizabeth’s Hospital were: John Ade, IE; William . Hames, 4M; Robert Rex, IE; T. D. Miller, IE; afid C. Davidson, 4E. Jean Foi’triede, 4S, was released.from Home Hospital.
NOW SHOWING -A FIRST RUN HIT-
nis mm Make way in your hear} for lovable Frank Morgan in a masterpiece of romantic thrills, laughs and excitement!
ROY ROGERS
PLUS—SECOND HIT LULUBELLE AND SCOTTY VERA VAGUE — in — SWING YOUR PARTNER'
SAMUUmDWyH leuihinilj/ prtstnti I
—ADMISSION— Nights . Week Day Matinees......;..... Children plus tax
35e 25c lOc
RICHARD JOHN CARLSON'ROGERS PORTER HALL
uremem
TODAY FRBDAY - SATURDAY
-Summer Opening Sunday, May 30 DANCING EVERY NITE AND EVERY SUNDAY AFTERNOON ' BEGINNING FRIDAY, MAY 28
with
Ernie England and His 12 Piece Orchestra Dutliiin; lleuch^—Halii Huuse—Kink—Howling—Shufl'tohuard and all other
uinuseinents and concesHiuiiK open daily.
Send for free illustrated literature on Modern Hotel UooniH and 32 cottages from $5 to $26 per week. Grocery store opun dqily. Ice, Milk and other delivery serviceH. Vficntiimists ujl Ideal Heucli need never use their car.
' BEACH FOR 1943
YOUR FUN ISN’T
RATIONED AT IDEAL
bdARS TODAY - TOMORROW
sforring GEORGE SANDERS w.7h ANNA STEN Ward Bond * Dennis Hoey Sig Rumen . DIrecledby iDWARD LUDWIG Produce/ by LL£ MARCUS
¥
k: ■May^^7, 1043
Boilerfnateer Sports
Page-^'
■nMMila
! A
' t''
TpMPMNG ACT OH CARNIVAL PROGRAM
..If f\ f '-V' - '>■■-
KENNEDY LEADS BOILE^A4AK|| BATTERS %,
Doubleheader Scheduled With Freeman Field
Gymnastic Exhibition Included In Carnival
By Russ Lipes
Rivaling a three-ring circus with the variety of activity that is scheduled, the athletic carnival which is to be held June 8 promises to be a fast moving event. This gala show, which is to be open to the general public without charge, will provide a picture of the physical fitness program conducted for the various Navy and Army units stationed on the Boilermaker campus, as well as the physical , preparedness program for the help present the act, regular student body. The fellows have been working
Detailed plans for the two-
, . T-, A 1 ft, 1- floor of the Fieldhouse to get their hOUf show in RoSS-xn.de Stadl- good shape. The act will be i:(m, which will include a num- for the most part individual perbpr of novelty events, are being formances, but there will also be
worked out by the carnival com
mittpe.
several team combinations. Fred Speyer will give an exhibition on
,p. ox 1- -11 -1 -j 1 tumbling and there Will be other The Stadium will provide an ideal , ° ... ,
demonstrations on giant swings and
setting for the exhibition. All spectators will be seated in the west stands, and flood lights will be provided for the events that run into dupk. Rings for boxing and wres
parallel bars. Trip To The Moon? In addition to these acts, the fellows are planning to put on a “super
tiing, and a space for gymnastics clown act” but the details of this and other activities will be provided are being kept secret. It is rumored directly in front of the west stand, that they are going to have a man. while a special track for novelty re- start swinging about a trapeze bar lays Will be laid out on the gridiron, and then after he has gained suffiFeatujre Event cient momentum he is going to let One of the feature events of the S*’ space show will be the exhibition staged high he can go. Who by a group of gymnasts from the knows,Tnaybe this will be the first Riveter campus. Included in the successful trip to the moon? group are: Bill Billon, Don Haase, Another interesting event will be Johp Orndoff, Wayne Scanlon, Bill the Coed Walking race. Chief ClevShort, Fred Speyer and Bruno Zwo- ett has expressed the opinion that Imski- It is expected that several theie will be about nine teams enother fellows will join this group to (See CARNIVAL, page 4)
Tom is an expeditor for a New Jersey war plant. All day * long, he contacts suppliers and subcontractors by Long DiMance. "Are the castings ready? . . . OK New Orleans.” r” *'Hello Detroit, have those parts been shipped?” 1 "Have jou recei\(ed the brass yet, Atlanta?” * Urgent war calls like Tom’s are crowding Long Distance lines,’round the clock. And the load is increasing daily, i Won’t you help us give war calls the right of way by obI serving these simple rules. i 1^' s 1. Make only necessary Long Distance calls, 3. If you must call, plan your conversation, p?/' 3. When you find the circuit busy, cancel your call if r'V*' possible. T , ' Thank you for your help.
Diamond Fans Await Action For more than a month now. Boilermaker diamond fans have been waiting to see the Riveter club in action here at home. ... If it doesn’t rain (and that’s asking a lot now-a-days) the local followers will finally be satisfied by a doubleheader with Freeman Field heie Saturday afternoon. . . . Incidentally, the invaders will arrive Saturday morning aboai’d an army bomber. Little Ki^own About Opponnts Little is known about the calibre of the Freeman Field team, but after the fine perforrpances the Riveters staged against Wisconsin last week end, it will take a mighty tough outfit to beat Pop Doan’s depleted, but hard hitting ball club Saturday. All four hurlers—Misselhorn, Claseman, Timm and Leftwich—will be ready to go against the little known invaders. Ohio State Follows Freeman Field After the games Saturday, the Boilermakers will have just one job left: to knock the league-leading Ohio State team out of first place and squelch their chances for the title. At the present time the Buckeyes are on top with four wins and one lone defeat. . . . Wisconsin, Illinois and Minnesota, howeVter, are all tied for second with 5 and 3. Wisconsin, Iowa and Illinois are through for the yeai, but the Gophers still have two games to play with the lowly Chicago club (0-5). Buckeyes Can End In Fourf-h Placp Should the Boilermakers beat the Buckeyes twice, Ohio State would drop to fourth place. Then everything would depend upon the outcome of the Minnesota-Chicago doubleheader. . . . Guess who would win those. If Ohio State by chance could eke out a win over the Riveters, they v^puld clinch the title but by a very close margin. Possible Schedule Change The Ohio State series is scheduled for the week end of the 11th and 12th. . . . but since the Indiana doubleheader has been cancelled next week end, an eifort is being made to jump the Ohio State games up a week.
Kennedy Leads Batters With .545 Average Batting averages through the Wisconsin series show that two pitchers are leading the team in batting. Jack Kennedy, usually a pitcher, boosted his average to .546 when he played the Wisconsin series in right field, connecting fourtimes in eight trips to the platter. Chuck Wright who has seen action in the outfield, the infield, and behind the plate has proved that the shifting around on defense has not hampered his offensive power. At the end of eight games Wright has accumulated a fat batting average
of .386.
Six Over 300 Mark Only six members of the sqii.ad boast a batting averdge over the coveted 300 mark. Besides Kennedy and Wright this includes Irv Claseman, Aaron Martin, Tom Burger, and Paul Friend. In the heavier hitting department Burger, Jim Jennings, and Wright have each garnered a pair of two-base hits. Bill Burghardt, who left for the army this week, accounted for two triples this season. Jack Irmscher and Jack Kennedy are the only members of the squad to connect for a round tripper this
season.
Complete batting averages are as
Riveters To Face Mystery Squad This Week En^ “Pop” Doan, acting head baseball coach, will send the Boilermakers against Freeman Field in a doubleheader here Shi-
urday at 2 p. m.
Nothing is known about the Freeman team except that they are from Seymour, Ind., and are flying here Saturday momihg in an army plane. Just who is on the Freeman team, who they have played, and how good
IM Scheduled
Sowlmg, IS AMERICA’S FAVORITE SPORT. COME DOWN TO THE BOWLING ALLEYS IN THE PURDUE UNION AND PRACTICE UP ON YOUR GAME IF YOU HAVEN’T BOWLED RECENTLY. — I BOWLING IS ENJOYED BY MILLIONS. WHY DON’T YOU ENJOY IT TOO?
fiwidusL TlIjm&daL %nmL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
follows:
Name
GAB
R
H
Ave
Kennedy . ...
... 5
11
2
6
.545
I. Claseman . .
... 2
2
0
1
.500
Wright
. 8
26
3
10
.386
•' A. Martin . .
.. 4
8
0
3
.375
Burger .. . .
. 5
20
2
7
.350
Friend
... 8
29
7
10
.345
Stram
. 2
6
2
2
.333
Burghardt . ..
.. 7
24
11
7
.292
Ehlei-s
.. 4
16
5
4
.250
Jenning4 . ..
. 8
33
3
8
.242
/Heese
... 7
13
1
3
.231
Irmscher .
... 8
24
7
5
.208
R. Claseman .
.. 3
10
1
2
.200
Timm
. 4
11
0
2
.182
Misselhorn
.. 5
10
0
0
.000
J. Martin
. 1
5
0
0
.000
Leftwich .
.. 2
3
0
0
.000
Lindeberg .
. 1
4
0
0
'.Opfl
Jankovic . . ..
.. 1
3
0
0
.000
Obstacle Course Trains
Lehigh Men For Navy
they are is a mystery that no one seems to be able to answer. “Pop” has been reshuffling the lineup to replace Bill Burghardt, shortstop, who entered the army Monday. In an interview last night Doan was fairly sure that Jack Irmscher would be shifted to short, Aaron Martin would replace Irmscher at second base, Don Lindeberg would be at third, and that Jim Jennings would remain at first.
Wright Will Catch
Charles Wright will replace Walter Heese behind the plate. Heese injured his thumb in the Wisconsin series and is still un-
able to practice.
The outfield will see little if any change. Duffy Friend will be in left, Tom Burger in center, and either Jack Kennedy or Jack Martin in
right field.
Misselhorn To Hurl Opener “Pop” indicated that Ed Misselhorn would hurl in the first game
Softball ‘ Thursday, May 27—6:45 Diamond— I 17— Ward 11 vs Ward 10 & 14 18— Ward 12 vs Westminster 19— Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Rail 2' 20— Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 4 21— Ward 13 vs Marwood ^ 22— Circle Pines vs Rochdale 23— Dover vs Owen
Fraternity Tennis
Singles—
Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Nu Lambda Chi Alpha vs Tau Ep-
silon Phi
Phi Gamma Delta vs Kappa Si^ma ; Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Delta Theta Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Alpha
Sigma Phi
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Vs Triangle
Sigma Chi vs Acacia
but had no idea of the starting Doubles-
pitcher for the second game because of the lack of knowledge as to the strength of the Freeman team. Possible starters for the second game include George Leftwich, Ed Timm, and Irv Claseman. As a result of Indiana’s cancellation of the two game series on June 4-5,.the Boilermakers are without a game for that week-end, but “Pop” Doan has written to Butler in hopes
Lambda
Sigma
Chi Alpha vs Kapph
Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Kappp " ■ ” Pi Ka
Phi Kappa Sigma vs
Phi
Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigma Alpha Mu Alpha Tau Omega vs Sigma NU . Pi Kappa Alpha vs Phi Kapp4
Tau
Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Alpha
of arranging a game. As yet he has
received no answer, but is deter- results into the Itrmined to get a game and may call Office soon after play In
Lehigh University, Bethlehem, Pa., boasts of a new underwater obstacle course, believed by them to, be the first of its kind to be used to train college men in the Naval Reserve. Purpose of the underwater train-
Wabash or DePauw.
The squad has been dwindling rapidly lately and Doan’s only comment was that they would do as
well as they could. '
ing is the development of endurance and control, and here is what the trainee undei’goes: He jumps from a balcony 12 feet into an indoor swimming pool, then swims through an inverted “U”, through a ban-el suspended three feet from
(See LEHIGH, page 4)
order to keep schedule up to dkip*
Sigma Delta Psi Anyone wishing to take Sigih^ Delta Psi tests please report to ilife Field House at 4 Thursday evfe-
ning. May 27.
Northwestern Host For National Tennis, Track Competition
Buy War Bonds ilvanston. 111., May 26—Notth-
western university will be the sceiife of two national intercollegiAio championship events in June. Thfe N.C.A.A. track and field chapapioaships will be held at Dyche stadiUla, June 11-12, and will be followed bjr the national collegiate tennis mdet,
June 21-26.
Athletic Director K. L. Wilsc^ chairman of the N.C.A.A. track and field committee, announced that thtf dual meet between the Big Ten aw the Pacific Coast confei-ences whtei^ has been held annually since Iflal has been cancelled this year. The meet will be resumed after th^ w^,
Wilson said.
Most of the nation’s outstanding college track stars are expected fa take part in the national champioriships this summer despite the fa(5t that many are scheduled to enter militaiy service shortly after graSuation. The same situation prevails in the tennis meet w-here a pretimi- . naiy suivey revealed that most schools will be represented. Although the N.C.A.A. track meet has been held in Chicago 0 number of times in the past, this year will mark the first time that it has been held in Dyche Stadium. Noithwestern was host ta tennis championships in 1935. Holding of the two natfonlj meets at Noithwestern will cUm«* a busy athletic year for the They were hosts to the swimming and wrestling meets winter and this spring the ence track, tennis,, and golf nteellt were held here.
VUSIIIN(iTOH
MERRY-60- ROUND
The leaders and the peoples of the entire world today are watching Washington. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importance of Washington news and its bewildering mass make it of special value now to have, besides running news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No.- 1 column is Drew Pearson's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for it
in th0
PURDUE EXPONENTi»55''’' > >-/ f ’ , ' I’
Purdue Exponent ^ -;' ‘ ■>;'. '. ■. - i;-,-'\- ‘ ftiufsSay, Mdy^/i^ '-
.fS
litei
English X Draws A Sigh From Mr. Smith, Senior ConsternationGreetsSummons Personnel Notes
From Committee On Standards
campus:
By Margaret Young ' Standard Oil Co., of New Jersey, “I’ve been assigned to English X”—comes with a long drawn Elizabeth, N. J.—June i. Interestout sigh from Mr. Smith, a first semester senior. Chemists( BS, MS, What is English X ? Why was Mr. Smith assigned to English X? When will Mr. S. finish the course? These questions These companies do not plan to come when some one of your upperclassmen friends receives a visit the campus; however, they are
Civil Service Seeks Capable Ag Specialists According to a recent U. S. Civil
Service Commission release, persons are being sought for Federal Civilian War Service who haVe agricultural experience or education.^The bulletin offers positions to
Companies scheduled to visit the 'Agricultural Specialists and Aids
summons from the Committee on Standards in English. English X is a non-credit course designed (to quite the University Bulletin) for “those upperclass students whose written work in English is found deficient by the Committee on
Standards in English.” Committee On Standards
Mr. Smith, about three weeks ago, took a quiz in a history class. Four days later his quiz paper W'as sent to the office of the Committee on Standards in English, room 209, University Hall. Mr. Smith, his name on a list of all juniors and seniors in the University, was credited with having had one paper sent
AWS To Give 'Draftees Drag', Coeds To Pay
interested in students for employ-
ment.
The Udylite Corporation, Detroit, Michigan—Interested in Chemists, ChE. Sign by Saturday, May 29. P. R. Mallory Co., Indianapolis,
Indiana^—Interested in E. E. Sign fj-gm
by Saturday, May 29.
AWS will sponsor an informal dance, called “Di'aftees Drag”, Saturday, June 5, in the north ballroom of the Union. This dance is planned to take the place of “Gold Diggers Ball”, the autumn affair which raises money for orientation
freshman women.
Placeivient Notes
For Women
The Office of Naval Officer Procurement, 141 West Jackson Boule-
vard, Chicago, Illinois:
There is currently an urgent need college. These positions pay from of for women officer candidates who .$1,970 to $2,433.
may be qualified for training in ra- There are no written examina-
with salaries up to $6,500 a year
plus overtime.
Applicants for Agricultural Specialists must have had experience, education or a combination of the two involving some scientific or professional aspect of agriculture such as rural planning, farm finance, and rural education. Experience may have been gained in agricultural extension, research, conservation, or college teaching while some positions require actual farming experience. Such specialists will
$2,600 to $6,600 a
year.
Two Years’ Experience For Aids Those applying as Agricultural Aids are needed to assist in semitechnical laboratory or field work and must have had two to four years of technical experience or the equivalent in agricultural study in
Maury Mahn will play and tick- and radio work for the Navy, tions or age limits, but those acets will be sold at the Women’s minimum requirements for this cepted must obtain releases from U. Residence Halls, sbrority and co-op training are a degree from an ac- S. Employment Service or from houses, and the west desk of the credited college, a major in physics. County War Boards. Applications Union for $1.35. Identifi'bation cards physics or re- should be filed with the Commission for the girls’ dates will be given ^‘'ted fields unless .the applicant is in Washington, D. C. Further inwith the tickets ■■ ^t present a student in one of these formation and application forms , , , , fields. can be had at U. S. Postoffices, or AWS orientates new girls by r. • • i t, • i sending them informative litera- Candidates who are found fully fi'om the Commission s Regional or tion, sentence structure, and use of about the customs and layout Qualified will be enlisted as officer Washington omces. tenses. A letter was sent to Mr. gf University during the sum- candidates in the WAVES and will Smith asking him to report within mer. This dance will also help fi- ^«sic Naval training at the seven days to Room 209 to write a nance such activities as the voca- Naval rraining School, Norttest theme. This paper was read tional guidance program sponsored hampton, Massachusetts. They will
and graded by three members of the by AWS last fall, the marital lec-
A member of the staff of the committee, who is also a member of the English staff, read and corrected the writing in the history quiz and judged it to be unsatisfactory because of errors in spelling, punctua-
Committee. It was rated “doubt- tures for upperclassmen and the inful , and Mr. Smith was assigned to fgrmal talks given by members of English X. At present Mr. Smith is the faculty from time to time, reporting one afternoon each week These lectures are usually on practo write a theme. He will continue tical subjects, such as, “How to Ap-
to write themes until he has written approximately five satisfactoiy pa-
pers.
Could Be Avoided If Mr. Smith had written a “sat-, isfactory” test theme when he reported in the office of the |Committee on Standards in English, ho would have been dismissed. If Mr. S. had received a “doubtful” rating on the first history irajjer, this rating would have been recoided on a card along wdth his name, address, school, class, and the kinds of errors found in the paper. This card would have been filed and no action taken. If a second papei' had been sent to the Committee by one of Mr. Smith’s instructors and it had also received a “doubtful” rating Mr. Smith would have been summoned to write a test theme. Mr. Smith’s hypothetical case is typical of approximately three hundred to four hundred students"' who write test themes for the Committee each year. Fifty to seventy-five of these test-theme writers are assigned to English X because of their failure to meet the standards of the Committee. Three Members Three to four thousand specimen papers are sent each year to the Committee. Three members of the English staff—Professors H. B. Knoll, V. E. Gibbens, and W. S. Hastings—are readers for the Committee. Mr. Smith at present, under the guidance of the Committee, is well on his way to better speech and better “writing. He thinks w'hen he writes—and writes correctly ! Wartime Education (Continued from page 1) war time elective courses wdiich ai'o planned to help in tiaining for the essential fields. Mo.st fields lequire the completion of the coiuse leading to a degree, but an attendance for a shorter length of time will qualify one to entei a .specialized training pjogram such as the RCA or Curtiss-Wright cadettes. Oiie may also qualify as a candidate lor one of the women’s Inanches of the armed services. Junior Nurses Aid For coeds already in school, many oppoi-tunities aie offeied to fuither the di’ive for victory. Some of these are the Junioi- Nurses Aid, the Red Cross, entertaining the seivice men on campus thiough the USO and buying war stamjis. It is desired that each coed will lalfe inventory on the extent of her war activities and il she is negligent in doing her share, stait today because the jobs ojiened aie many and varied and the satisfaction I'e-ceived-is pi iceless. Standard Oil company has announced two scholar,shijis ojien to Vejiezuelan students for study of medicine at Tulane university.
Memorial Oaf
To Feature MonfliIf
Religious Como
This year’s iVIemorial Day pi’ogram wall be part of the regular monthly religious convocation in the Music Hall, Sunday, May 30 with Lieutenant F. P. Johnson, U. S. Navy chaplain stationed at Great Lakes Training Station in Chicago,
being the .guest speaker.
Dean of Men Fred L. Goldsmith; Colone}. Donald M. Beerc, commandant of the ROTC; and Commander
, • , „T,, , , the program, it will be,greatly ap- h. J. Bartley of the University he sv.-ims through an ^ L shaped preciated if you will forWard to this Naval Training Unit will give the c osed rox and througn a verucal gjpjgg games and addresses, reading of the necrology. Names of
Applicants who desire fuller infor- the .students and facult.v who have mation concerning this program died within the past year will be should write or report in person to read by Dean Goldsmith; those who
ply for a Job”.
Lehigh
(Continued from page 31
the bottom.
Thi'ee track hurdles form the next obstacle, the swimmer passing first thiough a low hurdle, then a high, and finally another low. Then
then be given special training for three months at advanced Naval radio schools. Candiates who are now seniors in college may be con.sidered for immediate enlistment and if enlisted may be deferred for active duty until they have completed their colleg'e work, provided they have the endorsement of a college faculty selection committee. This is an important Naval Officer Procurement program in a field vital to the successful prosecution of the war. If you have recent graduates or members of your senior class who might qualify for
this office.
tunnel which he enters at the top,
leaving at the bottom.
He completes his obstacle swimming by going in through the bottom of another box-like frame, swimming out at the top. The swimming coach at Lehigh says the course is far too tough for the average swimmer to do without a lot of
conditioning, and no trainee is al- presented, and is really
Traveling Board To Give Navy Tests Here Tomorrow Preliminary physical and mental examinations will be given to all 17 year olds in this area by a special traveling unit from the Naval Flight Selection Board which is scheduled to arrive in Lafayette tomorrow. These plans have been made because the deadline for enlistment of eligible youths from this region is one month away. The board will interview applicants at the U. S. Navy Recruiting Substation, Post Office Building, in Lafayette. FinSl examinations will be given at the Navy Aviation Flight Selection Board in Chicago, and those who pass the preliminai-y tests will be sent there at the Navy’s expense. June 30 Last Day June 30 is set as the last day for acceptance of 17 year old high school seniors or graduates. Accepted applicants must be at least 18 years old and have been graduated from high school before they start this 12 month ti’aining program, which provides a $2700 edu-
cation free.
Only those who rank scholastically in the upper half of their high school graduating class, or who maintain a scholastic standing in the upper two-thirds of their college class will be considered. Applicants must have a written recommendation from their high school principal or college armed forces representative. ' Ideal Beach Resort Will Open Synday Ideal Beach Resort, about 40 miles from Lafayette on Shafer Lake, will open officially for the summer season, Sunday, May 30. However, dancing will begin Friday summer season, Sunday. However, dancing will begin Friday evening, and will be held every night and every Sinjday afternoon during the summer season. Ernie Englund and his 12 piece orchestra will play the first engagement. ARMY WEEK FOR COEDS Subject matter at Michigan State involves a plan of an army week for the coeds. The coeds would start their day out at 5 a. m. and hut-two-tln^e-four to classes for a week. However, popular opinion among the women seems to be against it and as one coed put it, “It’s a crackpot idea” and suggests that “those in favor of it try the WAACs or the WAVES”.
Lt Wells Lost In North Africa Lt, John E. Wells, former University student, has been reported missing in action over the North African battlefields. Wells, a graduate of Arsenhl Technical High School in Indianapolis, left the University early in 1942 to enlist as a navigator in the Army Air Corps. He received his commission on July 4,1942 at Coral
Gables, Fla.
Just previous to the'report of his disappearance, relatives had received letters from Wells in which he told of participation in bombing raids over Tripoli. ‘ Reamer Pledges Richard DeLong,' Wallace Grube, Wallace Hendry,
Walter Hesse, James Perilli,
Raymond Smith. Honorary Members Prof. W. E. Miller, Prof. G. E. Spencer.
Notices
Rcffistration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the Summer Term Registration may obtain their checks by calling at the Registrar's Office.
—STONE
Cl E, 41: An examination for the removal of conditions and”incompletes will be held in room 125, Heavilon Hall, at 1:30 p. m. on Saturday. May 29. Permission to take tVio examination must be obtained from the undersigned before May 26th.
—GREVE
AH Students: There are several openings in Cook County scholarship awards. Application blanks may be secured by contacting the oifice of the Division of Education Referiing, room 318, Executive building. Junioi s and seniors of good standing from Cook County, III., high schools are eligible. —REMMERS Alpha Phi Omega: Keys are in. They may bo obtained from Burton Kuck, room 129. Carv Hall: —KUCK
k
Senior ftnd AE^s; If you expect to have employment interviews with industrial representatives between, now and D^ember, please secure company she^ and interview request cards in ME Office immediately, providing you have not d^e so already. —^BOL.Z PIA Workers: Those interested in poster
' painting please call Andre,
Pi Tau Sigma: Important business meeting Friday, May 28, at 4 p. m. in Pi Tau room. All active members attend and we will elect new pledges. ■—GENTLES Hillcl: Attention iailors, soldiers and stu- ' dents. Attend the special meeting Sunday evening, May 30, at B :30 p. m. Social eve-
ning, discussion and supper. 1^
Street. —GLUCK Alpha Phi Omega: There will be an officers’ meeting Thursday, May 27, at 7 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. It is important that all officers and others notified attend this meeting. —EAGLjp.. Pi Tau Sigma: Softball game with ME faculty Thursday, May 27, at 4 p, m. We play on Stuart Field behind Ph^ira build-
—GENTLES
Union Freshmen and Sophomores: Those of you who signed up to usher at the conVO Friday must report to the stage entrance of the Music Hall at 6 :15 Promptly.
—WOOLLING
AWS Judicial Board: Special meeting on
Thursday, M.iy 27, at 6 p.
Junior Commandos: Meeting same place midnight Saturday, May 29. It is of utmost importance that ALL be jyjqj^ Reamers: Meeting will be held Monday, May 31, at 7:15 in room 302 of the Union. Plages be in hall -t-^t^VswiNKLE Freshman Engineers: All freshman engineers registered in GE 1 and GE 2 meet Saturday, May 29, at 8 a. m. in room 129 of the EE building. —KNAPP War Council: There will be an important meeting of the War Council in President Elliott’s office at 4 p. m. Thursday, May 27. All members please do utmost to be present.
—HILLER
Classified Ads I , TyMwriters: Adding maenmea, all make? sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Eberfahoff, 606 Mala, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan: On dtamonda, watche8» guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Wanted—Student pin settlers. Apply Memorial Union Building Bowling Alleys, afternoon or evening hours. Average pay, 70 cents per hour.
’-'■b.-'t
Today, it is more essential than ever to protect your money, for once cash is ‘ lost or stolen, it is usually gone forever. When changed into American Express Travelers Cheques, however, your money is safe and in readily spendable form always. If lost or stolen, you are entitled to a prompt refund—a valuable safety feature. For sale at Banks, Railway Express offices, at principal railroad ticket offices I AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES
Playshop
(Continued from page 1)
lowed to ti’y it until he has demonstrated that he can swim 50 yards under water and can remain submerged for 50 seconds. University Student To Enter Annapolis Paul Miller, a member of the Delta Tau Delta fraternity, will leave in about two weeks for Annapolis, having leceived his appointment through Senator Barkley of Kentucky, who is speaker of the House of Representatives. While at the University, Paul was ]iresident of Student Senate and of his fraternity. He was also a member of Gimlet, Iron Key, Scabbard and Blade, Etta Kappa Nu, POMM, Student War Council, and served on the prom committee. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
‘cum laude’ for the cast and for Ken Carmichael, the director.
7:30 Curtain
The curtain will go up at 7:30 this evening, however, the performance will not start tomorrow until after the War Stamp Convo is over, and all who have Friday night tickets have managed to reach
Fowler Hall.
have passed away while in military service will be named by Colonel Beere; and Navy casualties will be read by Commander Bartley. Throughout the program, the University Choir under the direction of Albert P. Stewart is to present appropriate numbers. In conjunction with the Memorial Day piogram a wreath is to be placed in the Great Hall of the Union on the plaque bearing the names of the 64 University men who gave their lives in World War 1.
Carnival
(Continued from page 3) tered in this event; one from each of the soroiities, seveial from the residence halls, and possibly some from the Cnrtiss-Wright and RCA groups. What with the experience girls are getting now having to chase men due to the so-called “maupowei shortage” this should be a very fast and thrilling race.
SUMMER DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S BALLROOM Friday, June 11, 7:00 P. M. Special Rate—8 Lessons $5.00 ADVANCED BALLROOM Friday, June 11, 8:00 P. M. Special Rate—8 Lessons $5.00 ALL CHILDREN’S CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, JUNE 12 ALLEN’S 6lh & Ferry
THE SCENE CHANGES
New under-arm e Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate skm 2. Nowaitingtodry. Can beused right after shaving. 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor. 4. A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Awarded Approval Seal of Anerican Institute of Laundering for being harmless to
"fVe aren't goin^ anywhere. We just came along to enjoy your Sir Walter Raleigh” Blended from choice Kentucky builcys, ^ Six Wahei Raleigh is oxLia mild—buiii.s union m C09I—with a dehglitliil aioma all its own. Try"thc quality pljic tobacco ol Ainctica.” SIR WALTER RALEIGH PIPE TVBACCO Smokes as sweet as it smells
SPREADING THE NEWS TOOK MONTHS
UNTIL THE EXPONENT WAS BORN
NOW YOU CAN GET ALL THE UP-T-O-THE-MINUTE NEWS OF THE CAMPUS CALL 4005 AND ASK FOR THE . PURDUE EXPONENT
t '