% 7/
W»« hJk VanW^Wf H. «*«,-
i77» 7> ^^vjt-f, -'»r\ - <]lfUi,.
r^i^rt-t- if^^is-i
» -v /s «<!+■ 5>-
3 ’A. yvi< /If ///^nk/Vif J^'’ *' ^ '^{‘A
Purdue
Z-1tS
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 122
CO-ED LEAP YEAR EDITION
TlniradcQr# Felmoaory 2B, 1940
X
X -
Today's The Day
Lions Secure Van Orman 2,500 See Shawn Present 0 libertad
As Banquet Toastmaster Toastmaster at the annual basketball banquet, given by the Lafayette Lions Club Tuesday evening at 6 o’clock in the Union Buil<^ipg, will be Harold Van Orman, former Lieutenant Governor, it was announced yesterday. Van Orman is noted for his
after-dinner wit.
The program will nilcude an ad- —
dress by President E. C. Elliott on “Knots for Nuts,” presentation of varsity and freshman varsity letters, election of the 1941 captain, and a musical program by the Purdue Men’s Glee Club and the Pur-
due band.
Tickets for the banquet are being sold for $1.10 and will remain on sale until Saturday night at Southworth’s, Decker’s, and Deac’s, and the Union desk. The committee in charge of the banquet has announced that it can make no guarantee of reservations unless tickets are purchased by Saturday night. t Greensmen Plscuss Maintenance At Final Conference Session Practical problems encountered in the construction and maintenance of golf courses were discussed before the closing session of the annual greenkeepers’ conference here yesterday. The meeting attracted 88 golf course specialists, a record attendance. The morning’s opening discussion of composting and weed control was lead by Carl BretzlafF of Meridian Hills, Indianapolis, while Prof. R. H. Wileman, of the agricultural engineering department, spoke on the matter of equipment maintenance and repairs. Other speakers of the morning were William H. Diddel, of Indianapolis; W. A. Sodden, assistant controller; and J. E. Steckel, assistant in the agronomy department. Dr. John Monteith, Jr., of the USGA Green Section, Washington, D. C., explained the use of fertilizer tests on turf at the afternoon session, and Professor Frank C. Hockeraa, assistant to President Elliott, presented “tips on diplomacy” for greenkeepers. A round-table forum of individual problems closed the conference.
Eight Co-eds Enter First Telegraphic
Swim Meet Tonight Eight University co-eds will participate in the national telegraphic swimming meet to be held on this campus at 7 ;30 tonight in the Memorial Gymnasium. This is the first year for the University to enter the meet in which Big Ten teams and sixty colleges are to participate. Indiana is the district hostess and all results from this district will be
sent there for tabulation.
The contest is divided into two sectioil^, the first being held tonight and the second to be held on Tuesday, March 6. Some of the colleges entered this year in the event are Vassar, Wellesley, Cornell, Duke, and the University of California, Each group is limited to fifteen swimmers with each swimmer eligible for only three of the eight events. These eight events will include a 300 and 40 yard free style, back style, and breast style, an 80 yard free style relay, and a 60 yard
medley relay.
Competing Schools In past years Butler, Minnesota, Chicago, Illinois, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Indiana Universities have com-
peted.
The co-eds who are to participate in tonight’s events are Loraine ^ Bemis, Barbara Cook, Shirley Imhoff, Barbara Ford, Mary Johnston, Betty Spear, Eileen Westover, and Eileen Kirkhoff. All students are invited to attend the meet for which no admission will be charged. Meredith Club Will Elect/ Officers In Home Ec
PIA PlansTea Dance For Tomorrow
lU Visitors Saturday
Recordings will furnish the music for the PIA tea dance to be held on Saturday, March 2, from 3 p. m. to 5:30 p. m. The dance will serev as pre-game entertainment for the Indiana University visitors. All co-eds and PIA members A^ill be admitted free of charge, while others will pay
the admission fee of 10 cents.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Ralph Dannemiller, Akron, Ohio.
Virginia C. Meredith, home economics club, will hold its election tomorrow from 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. in the main hall of the home economics building. Members must present their membership card^ when vot-
ing.
Nominees for club offices are as follaws: president, Mary Edith Monk and Agnes McCullough; secretary, Judith Auch and Maxine Abshier; sophomore representative, Jeanne Burkholder and Dorothy Arvidson; junior representative, Charlotte Metz, Louise Stiers, and Cornelia Caldwell, senior representative,, Irene Sakacs, Alice I^eltner, and Lucille Osborne.
Snag A Man Fot 6o/ef Peppers, Girls; First Co-ed Bid Dance This Semester
By Regina Baker Goin’ to Gold Peppers Dance, gals? Here’s your chance to let your secret passion know you’re pining away for him, or to pay back one of the old faithfuls. It’s leap year, too, that should help. You’ll dance to the smooth music of “Warpy” Waterfall and his gang at the first co-ed bid dance of this semester. You’ll be amused at the original manner in which the pledges of this athletic boosting honorary are to be announced, and you’ll be comfortable in street dresses, A co-ed, dressed in a “sloppy joe” sweater and skirt, wearing ankle
sox and saddle shoes, on the backdrop will attract many an eye as she gazes upward at a Gold Pepper hat. The band fronts will also carry out the Gold Pepper theme. Although the ballroom—north or south—-hasn’t yet been chosen, the dance will be in the Union on Friday, March 8. You girls can get the necessary ticket at the sorority houses, the Women’s Residence Halls, or at a table outside the Sweet Shop at any time next week for $1.00. Then after you have asked your man, you’re set for the evening. Be seeing you there!
Dramatic Dancers Perform Saga Of American Civilization “O, Libertad,” a dance drama depicting the progreats of American civilization, was presented by Ted Shawn and his ensemble of eight men dancers before an audience of 2,500 students and townspeople in Memorial Gjrmnasium last night. All of the dances in the group with the exception of “Olympiad”
were original compositions by Shawn.
Leap Year Edition
An Editorial Again today the co-ed staff takes over the Exponent for its co-ed edition. One night each month the co-eds handle this newspaper business alone. All news stories, colqmns, edits, and even the sport page articles are written by members of the coed staff,jwho also read copy, take proof, plan the make-up, and finally in the wee hours put the paper to bed. Today’s edition has as its theme the Leap Year idea. Yes, my dear fellow students, this year it’s ladies’ choice, and it’s legal, too. Just to uphold our feminine honor let it be known that it was a man’s Jdea to start leap year in the first place. Way back in the days when Julius Caesar was having his fling, a group of astronomers came out of the huddle with the idea that they could settle the mixup of the solar year by computing 365 days and 24 hours to the calendar. They were puzzled about the extra fraction of hours, so they decided that the last day of the shortest month should be duplicated. And so today, February 29, is the extra day and is the time when, to use the jargon of Amos and Andy, “Gals have not been caught up with could be permitted to leap after the men.” The “career girls” on the Exponent staff may have a special man in view, but they also hear other tunes besides “Home Sweet Home.” They realize that marriage is a great institution and an awful one according to the statistics of the courts. So they forfeit their customary leap year chasing in favor of a night’s work on the paper. And they dedicate the finished edition to the bewildered males who are waiting to be “leaped at.” —G. S.
Reverend F.McCartin Will Speak At Retreat For Newman Club, CYO Newman Club and the Lafayette Catholic Youth Organization are sponsoring their annual Lenten Retreat Saturday and Sunday in St. Mary’s Church. The Retreat Master will be Reverend Frances McCartin, O. M. I. of Massachusetts. Father McCartin, one of the most brilliant Catholic speakers, has just completed numerous retreats throughout the East and Mid-west. / Following the 9:30 Mass on Sunday the Newman Club will hold its monthly breakfast in St. Majry’s Auditorium. Speakers at the breakfast will be Father McCartin, Father Chapman, pastor of St. Mary’s parish, and Father Holland, Student Pastor and Ohio Valley Newman Club Chaplain. The Newman Club and Catholic Youth Organization feel that every Catholic student will be interested in hearing these outstanding speakers. All Catholics are invited to attend the retreat and breakfast.
H. G. Pope
Winch Will Address Co-eds; WSGA Will Elect Freshmen Leland S. Winch, of the speech department, will speak on “Interviews and Interviewing” at the meeting of Charm School today at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union building. In his discussion Winch will consider every aspect of interviewing and answer
any questions.
Preceding his discussion elections for freshmen representatives to the WSGA Executive Board for second semester will take place. Candidates are Alice Chatfield, Calista Creel, Kathryn Fisher, Jeanette Hasuies, Rita Hill,' Vivian Peterson, Nancy Roby, Helen Schickler, Jane Van Gorkam, and Bever-
ly Van Scoter.
All co-eds are invited to the Charm School meeting and freshmen are particularly urged to attend. Freshmen are requested to bring passports in order to vote. Cohen, '05, Coming To Address ASCE A. B. Cohen, CE ’06, will address the mmebers of the ASCE at a meeting tomorrow at 4 p. m. in room 201 of the civil engineering building. Cohen will speak on concrete bridge design. Cohen is considered an authority on his subject. He has designed and supervised the construction of many bridges. He is also the author of many papers on the subject of the construction and design of concrete bridges. Cohen wil lillustrate important points of his lecture with
slides.
Prof.F.W.Greve ... of the civil engineering school has recently been appointed a member of the Committee on Applied Hydraulics in the civil engineering division of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education.
The program was divided into three parts representing the past, present and future. The first section, depicting the past, opened with scenes symbolic of the Aztec civilization. Included in these numbers were two solos by Shawn, “The Aztec Emperor” and “Hacendade de California.” The first group concluded with a rhsrthmic interpretation of the “Forty-Niners.” For this dance the entire ensemble wore costumes representative of
the peridd.
Part two, representing the present, opened with a scene on a typical college campus in 1914. This was followed by an interpretation of the World War. The group of war scenes began with “The Call to Arms,” and “Spreading of Propaganda,” and was concluded with the “Return of the Hero.” Following this, the entire ensemble presented an impression of the “jazz age,” with a “Blues” interlude solo by Barton Mumaw. ^ “Depression” and “ResEovery^’ were the themes of the next two numbers. This second part of the program was concluded with a suite of sports dances introduced by the spectacular “Banner Bearer.” Following this were seen the cheer leaders, fencers, boxet$,'and hmikotw? ball players. As a finale to the see-< ond portion, the full ensemble ap-^ peared in a dance reinresenting mobilization for peace. The concluding series of dances depicting the future was titled “Kinetic Molpai.” Included in this were interpretations of strife, opposition, succession, and dirge. Piano accompaniment for the entire program was supplied by Jess
Meeker.
Exponent Staff
There will be a roundtable discussion group for all Expmient editorial and co-ed freshmen in the office Saturday afternoon at 1:30. The meeting will be conducted by the jnidors who will iron out some of the finer points of Exponmit policy. All freshmen who have been unable to attend previous meetings but who wish to work on the paper will be welcome. All freshmen now working on the staff should be there.
. . . CE ’30, has recently been appointed to serve as a senior staff member of the Public Administration Service. Mr. Pope has been assigned to work on a personnel classification project from the city of Los Angeles, California. Ag Professor Writes Farm Machinery Texf Prof. I. G. Morrison, assistant professor of agricultural education and teacher training in farm shop, is the author of-a new book “Repairing Farm Machinery,” which has just come off the press. The book is especially designed for vocational agricultural classes in high schools. Illustrated with photographs and sketches, the new text also gives practical information and diagrams.
No Seats Available All tickets for the Purdue-Indi-ana basketball game have already been sold out and no seats of any kind will be available at the Fieldhouse at game time.
Caesar Started It Back In 46 B.C.-- Little Did He Realize What He Was Starting
By Ruth Rose Thirty days hath September, April, June and November, All the rest have thirty-one. Except February, to which we twenty-eight assign. Till leap year gives it twenty-nine. Many years ago when we were struggling along trying to do “long division” and learn our “tables” most of us became familiar with this little verse. But how many of us have ever pondered over it long enough to wonder where this leap year, which at the present time is worrying so many men, came from and what it means. Legend Says ... Legend explains the'name ’^eap year” by telling us that old father time becomes weary of passing over his accustomed ground year after year. So to break the monot-“ ony, once in every four years, he does an extraordinary leap which adds an extra day to that year. Then history, not to be outdone by legend, tells us the true story
behind that extra day. When calendars were first used, the whole system was based on the moon. This was an easy way to calculate months and years, but after the passing of quite a few years, it was found to be very inaccurate. A grreat confusion resulted. The seasons had been gradually displaced until spring began to come along when the calendar showed it to be the middle of winter. * Blame Caemr It was Julius Caesar and his astronomers^ who came to the rescue in 46 B. C. with the plan of addvQg an extra day ey&cy four years. Little did Julius realize what trouble this extra day would cause his successors. Nqw that leap year is here again and the girls once more have a chance to pursue any gentlenxmi of their choosing^ let^ nog complaining from the m^ Let them blame it on Caesar—tGe’extra day was his idea.
t ?
t >Stw/enfs Will Star Dr. 6. N.
On Music Room Program Sunday
In the music room of the Union §iiindiay afternoon from 4 to 5 o’clock selected campus artists will present a classical variety hour. This program is the first of its kind to pijesented by university students. These peitformers haye been chosen from the University and concert choirs, and the University orchestra. y Those to appear oh the program are Mollie Harding, soloist; Harold Koch, obolist; Evelyn Gullion harpist; Don Haines, cometist; Roser mary Robertson, pianist, and a stzixig quartet. Each of the performers will present two or three classical numbers. The program is in charge of Monty Carpenter and Barbara Fellows.
Leap Year Day . . . hurrah . . . after all these years . . . is here again. And bang . . . just like that Janet Gaylord puts her pin out on Bobby “Angel Eyes” Ray, science school flash. But in order to fool the public, she puts a PAID notice in ye Expo-. . . stating reward offered for return of said pin. My, my, the lengths that some people wiil go to AVOID publicity. —^B & B— Speaking of pins reminds us of, one very important merger which i recently took place ... when Polly “Senator” JSwiPriein broke down and took P. Davis’ Delta Tati Delta badge. "We woiider how the Pi Kappa Phi house feels about it... sort oT a double double cross. —B&B— And finally ^ . after concentrated effort and energy, one of those coodld Phi Kappa Tails, Hal Williams, by nanie, put his pin out on liforgaret Pardue . . . We all hope tarne that the first thaw is the sign of an early spring . . . because this is leap year, after all. —B&B— Hank Goebel, Theta Xi cutie, wants; to bet $3.00 with any of his brothers that he can put his pin oh h certain- WRH west girl... and he is very optimistic, considering all the tip top competition that he has. , '^'.' —B-& B— More echoes from the Alpha Chi Rho house ... Brother Hall has finally hit his senior slump . . . his present heart interest is centered in the Pi Phi house across the street. Convenient . . . except for the fact that the old economic principle of competition and demand enters in. Life is just a bowl of cherries ... but Hall wants the Pitt-man. —B&B— Kggest sucker of the week . . . of course ... is Jack “Reamer’s Dream’’ Due of Cary Hall. Next time iyon see him, note the bandage on bin neck, which marks the place where; he cut his own throat while helping another girl get even with the woman HE likes . . . P. S., He loses out either way, because the emotion is NOT mutual. —B&B— Paid Ad: If some sweet and silent ... if there be such... Purdue co-ed will guarantee to feed and date me regularly, I will positively give up my heart interests in Indianapolis. Look at all the bus fare I’d save on week-ends. Phone 6089 Bobby “Weeping Heart” Kuntz. (Ed’s note: Somebody please tell Bob that it’s leap year ... so that he’ll stop chasing girls for a while.) —B & B— Among the more scandalous items from the very conservative Senate oflSce ... comes the news that Elly, one of the senators, is the first to sign up to be a co-ed tutor, under the new system. We think the Senate should be up in arms to protect the co-eds, because there’s only one thing Freddy could teach the girls . . . —B&B— Kappa Queen Treva Berry has a bet on with Rolfe Jenkins . . . the man behind the man below the man who writ^ the Expo sports, that she will not be married by next homecoming . , . $5.00 in English money».. This chlls for a popular song request “It’s A Hundred To One”. Afterthought.. Maybe Rolfe has something on her ...
Dr. George N. Hoffer, formerly of the University staff as |>lant physiologist, will give ah illustrated lecture on the response of crop plants to. potash and phosphorus tonight at 7 o’clock in the reception room of the Union building. Dr. Hdfter ife now with the American Potash Institiite; The meeting is sponsored by the A^bnomy Club, with Raymond Hall acting as chair-
man.
Fencing learned The Hard Way By The Co-ed Athletes “En Garde, Salute,” calls out Miss Margaret Case, of the department of physical education for women, and twenty-seven girls with the click of military precision (they hope) go through the 'motions of the order. Every Tuesday and Thursday at 2 o’clock in the Women’s Cyni these same girls, garbed in their “mattresses,” masks, gloves, and foils, slowly and painfully follow the prescribed movements of this ever popular sport of the day. Thrust and Parry Peculiar to fencing are lunges, thrusts, and parries. Thrusts are small, knife-like jabs at the opponent, while lunges are sudden lurches at one’s target. These attacks may be beaten off by using any of the several parries, that is, placing the foil in different advantageous positions to ward off the attacker’s
foil.
Using small, cat-like motions these fencers lunge, thrust, and parry for the entire period and then collapse. Like horseback riders, the pain settles in one or.two sections of the anatomy, For a day or two after a fencing lesson, co-eds walk ever gently up and down stairs as their legs aren’t used to the bentkneed position assumed by fencers, “Doctors” suggest bowling and a hot bath as an aftermath, and fenhefs are either nearly dead by then or ready arid “rarin’ to go” for another lesson.
Lambed feums' LeadInBiiten QuintetWins Although the basliceiball sbieisbri is fair ffoiri finished arid arijriihirig can happen in the games against iridiana and Illinois, ^h|s j^raFs
(L LCrSci Is Appointed
iibld on tile all-time ifeg 'tiri ielidership. This year marks fhe l3ih time since 1906, when most historians agree that Minnesota wori the first “real” title, that the Boilermakers have figured in the distribution of corifererice basketball honors, a record that is equaled by no other quintet. The team’s record under “Piggy” Lambert, who assumed control of the hardwood destinies in 1917, has been very impressive. Under Lambert, Gold and Black teams have figured in the title distribution eleven tirries. Boilermakers also have a toe hold on the all-tiirie won-lost leadership, the record of the Lambertmen since the round robin system of play began in 1924 being particularly outstanding. Best available records, on which most authorities agree, indicate that Big Ten basketball title honors have been distributed as follows: , Undis- Titles Titles puted Won & Team Shared Titles Shared Purdue 7 5^ 12 Wisconsin 7 4 11 Chicago 2 4 6 Mirinesota 4 2 6 Illinois — 4 1 5 Michigan .......... 3 1 4 Ohio State 1 2 , 3 Indiana 3 0 3 Northwestern.... 1 1 2 Iowa 2 0 2 Howard Barth . . . CE ’38, recently accepted a position with the Indiana State Board of Health. Before taking up the duties Barth will do a semester of graduate work at the University of Michigan to secure his master’s degree.
Btiefs by Clarence
“Write an editorial on ‘Why’,” our Editor said today. Editorial: “Why should be a forethought— anything we do has a reason, and we should know why we choose from alternate actions. Too often we say “If I knew then what I know now,” meaning directly that we didn’t ask “Why?” : ^ To look before you leap is indeed a wonderful thing. President Roosevelt the first, once said, “If I could be right 55 percent of the time, I’d be the greatest man ever to live.” To select your actions before doing them is to be right more than 50 percent of the time—it is to succeed. Champion chess players and statesmen are well known for their ability to look into the future and interpret it. . P. S.^—Keep off the grass.
New York University has a special course on city government in which the teachers are adniinistrative officials of New York City.
A University of Chicago scientist has invented a matrimony meter to measure the probability of a happy marriage for any couple.
iMticM will. b« uMptcd aftwr • p. wu M. fi. 61 Conditionals: Examination for the. removal of conditions in M,E. 61 will be held April 6, at 1 p. m. in room 801 of the mechanical engineering .building. All interested parties should notify the undersigned on or before March 28 at noon. —MESSERSMITH.
Prom Committee: Be at the Debris office Saturday, March 2, at 2 p. m., for pictures. ■—^ROYCE.
Mixed Recreation: Friday, March 1, at 7 :30 p. m. in the women’s gym. Sports offered include volleyball, badminton, shufflboard, and ping pong. Wear rubber soled shoes. Swimming ten cents for men. Girls iTM. —MATHER.
M.E. 30 Non-Chemicals: A makeup test for students in all M.E. 30 non-chemical divisions who were absent from test 1 will be offered Monday, March 4, at 4 p. m. in room 103 of the mechanical engineering building. —COPE.
Exponent Freshmen: There will _ be a meeting for all Exponent freshmen in the office Saturday, March 2, at 1:80 p. m. —WILLSEY.
Silver Mask: All members please come to third floor of Fieldhouse on Friday, March 1, for jformal pledging. ■—NEPTUNE. Cosmopolitan. Club: Meeting Friday, March 1, 4:30 p. m. in room 305 in Union. Pledging of new members. Short talk on Turkey. Initiation of pledges Sunday, March 3, at 4 :30 p. m. same room. Please attend. —WEINBACH.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting in room 307 in the Union Thursday, February 29, at 7 :30 P, m. This week’s meeting will be devoted to answering questions submitted by students. —BURBRINK.
All Men Students: Archery range now available in sub-basement of Fieldhouse from 4 to 6 p. m. daily. —^GRAY.
Riding Club: Meeting Thursday, February 29, at 7:30 p. m. in the room next to the Student Union office. .—^HARTMAN.
Football Managers: All freshmen and sophomore football managers report to the Fieldhouse at 4 p. m- Friday, March 1. —COLQEHOUN, KETTLER.
Lutheran Students: Regular meeting of the Lutheran Students Association will be held Monday. March 4, at 7:16 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —HALL.
-extra-
today - FRI. - SAT.
PH Ik SPITALNY and his All Girl Orchestra “MOMENTS OF CHARM'
TODAY - FRI.-SAT.—
2 FIRST RUN HITSI
THE HONEYMOON MURDER CASE!
Ilisobetb Rlsdoii • Joyce Compton *'€iilck" Chandler • Anne Gwynne PLUS—2Np FEATURE jOHN WAYNE RAYMOND HATTON — IN *7“ “NEW FRONTIER"
By
]^rofess6r H. L. Creek, head of & deprirtTrieiit of English, has been appointed a director in the College Englisii Association, a national orgfiiriizritiori of the triacheirs of college English. This recent announcement was ma^e from! riatictnal lioAdquiart^ri at Uniorii Colleigei, ^chenectfbSy, Eight other directors, representing different sections of the country, •were nariied. Professor Creek’s apj[iointmrint is for the year en^ng December, 1940. Senate Issues Call For Student Tutors All students who would like to be tutors are asked to report at the Student Senate office, room 360 of the Union. Applications -will be judged on past experience, previous ripcords, and interest displayed in this ts^pe of work. I-M Schedules BASKETBALL Today Court 1: 7:00-7-1 vs. F-3. 7 :16—^H-1 vs. E-3. 8:00—A-1 vs. D-3. 8:16—B-1 vs. C-3. Court 2: 7:00—C-1 vs. B-3. 7:16—D-1 vs. A-8. 8:00.—E-1 vs. H-3. 8:16—F-1 vs. S-3. Court 3: 7:00—S-2 vs. S-4. 7:16-^H-2 vs. H-4. 8:00—A-2 vs. A-4. 8:16—B-2 vs. B-4. Court 4: 7:00—C-2 vs. C-4. 7 :16—D-2 vs. b-4. 8:00—B-2 vs. E-4. 8:16—P-2 vs. F-4.
Skull and Crescent: There will be ho Cotillion meeting at the Phi belt house February 29. —^BELLES.
‘ilfi
i.V
“No one understands the problems of a woman of 29 like Pierre—^he’s understood mine perfectly for 11 years!”
English and Speech Conditions: Bxaminatiens for removal of conditions in English and speech will be held Saturday, March 2, beginning at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the Education building. —MILLER.
Examinations for condition removals in History, Economies and Government: These will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m., room 80S, in the Recitation Building. Application must be made in the History office no later than Friday, March 8.. —ESTEY.
Freshmen Union Workers: There will be' a meeting of all freshmen on our committee in the Union office, Thursday, February 29, at .4:16 p. m. Will the following please report : ,Orr, Overman, Pastrick, Petr Couch, M^er, .. Mills, Morton, > Murphy, tiner, Petiree, Reev^, Rice, Robbins, ]^nbasky, Ross, Russell, McKay, McCaley, McNitsche, Peterson, Pittman, Walter. —HULS, BENNETT.
PIA Dance Class: Due to unfotseen circupwtancee the fir^t meeting of the cl^s will have to be po^ohed. There will deffhitely be a meeting Wednesday, March 6, probably in the ballroom. 'Watch for future notices. —LUTZ.
WAA ' TohmlBaient ^h^ulea: WAA tournament schedules, shuffle board and ping pong, are posted in the gym. First ronhd, Friday, March 1. 8-1 —HOLDEN.
Agriculturist Business Staff:, Special meeting in the office on Thursday, February 29, at 4 p. m. Everyone come. —WhithaM.
nm tALB
Purdue Riding club: Meeting Thursday, February 29, at 7:80; in the room next to the Student Union office. —HARTMAN.
Students Interested In Tutoring:, Please sign • up in Senate Office, room 869. Give name, telephone number and the subjects in which you can tutor. —ELLBY.
Agronomy and Horticulture Students: . Meeting Thursday, February 29, in the reception room of tile Upion. Dr. George N. Hoffer will speak on the effect of potash and phosphorus on crop plants. —HALL.
Gala Week Committee: Meet in room 261 of Union at 4 p. m., Friday; March 1. —ARCHIBALD.
Glider Clnb: Work session every afternoon this week in attic Mechanical Engineering building. (8-1) —MILLER. YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday evening, February 29, at 7:15 p. m. in the office. Please he there. —COOLEY.
Eta Kappa Nu: Personnel sheets may be obtained in the Electrical Engineering office. ' (2-29) —KEEN. Debris Sophomores and Freshmen: Photography staff report at the new dark room every afternoon. (2-29) -DYER.
Gold .Peppers: Meeting in' room A of Union Thursday, February 29, at 4:46. Ati tendance compulsory. —MITCHELL.
FOB .t SALE—Typewriters, AU standard and portable, sold, purehased^ rented and repaired.. New portable machinee asSuppUee- C. F. Ebersboff, 606 Main street. Radio-Phonograph combination, and record collection. Only $16.00. CaU St^ey, 2640. LOST AND FOUND i, "Chi^Omega pin. in Union biiildmg. Reward. Phone 46892. wrist watch in- Fieldhouse. to 816 W Cary Hall.^du^
Dolphins: Short meeting Thursday, February 29 at 4 p. m. at the pool. —HARRIS.
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting Thursday, February 29, at 7 p. m. in room A of the Union. —MILLER.
sorority pin. Name on back. Cali 66218. Reward. Janet Gaylord. LOS'T—Sorority pin Sigma Kanna^
WAA Basketball: Women’s Gym, Tuesday, February 27, 4 p. m.. Alpha Xi vs. Wards 2 and 4; Alpha Chi vs. Ward 1. 6 p, m., WRH North 2 vs. Thaeles; Ward 1 vs Pi Phi. Thursday, February 29, 4 p. m. Alpha Chi vs. WRH South 2; Hhaeles vs. Phi Mu. Friday, March 1, 4 p. m. League Semi-finals. Winners league A vs. winners league B. Winners league C vs. winners league D. —BRECTON.
Interfraternity Rifle: Interfratemity rifle matches to continue until Friday, March 1, at 6:30 p. m. —SMITH.
TODAY thru SATURDAY Tojnorjn Europol Today’s Blazing Headliijasl Covo and thrills! S'
Biology Students: Condition examinations in Biology 18 will be given March 2 at 1 p. m. in Room 211 of Coulter Hall. —BEHRENS.
with ALLAN LANE UNDA HAYES • ROBERT BARRAT — AND —
Starts TODAY DOU B LE FEATUR E • AdViahtiifrri Loving Girl af the Controls of a Storm Tossed Planri It's Swift Moving Dramai ISLE OF DESTINY In Color -- WILLIAM GARGAN jUNE LANG
—A FIRST RUN HIT— — PLUS — Tripple ThrillsI Tripple Fun! Tripple Trouble! NANCY DREW TROUBLESHOOTER — WITH — BONITA GRANVILU FRANKIE THOMAS
THE LURE OF PARIS..THE FIRE OF RIO..
glowed ftom her lips and doomed tortured men to living death!
BASIL RATHBDNE
VICTOR MilAGlEN
SIOHID ROBERT LEO GURU-CUMMINGS-CARRILLD
TODAY-FRIDAY
.ui''^' ' '■^,''
■rt '■ .'' , ‘ ’- '.i '
' /
£xptomnL fieufSL
iiuiBi^ay^ 'iPeiiSkicary 'ik, 1^45
’. * ‘t'
' ■ ;-f-#
. t
’ i ' ,\
v.
Pittsburgh Pirates Head kiv^fets^ Baseball Card
Topped by an encoubtbr wRih the Pittsburgjti pirates at Ross Ade Reoreatioin Pield bit A^iidl 12, the Boil-
.ermaker baseball Schedtde will be
bran^Med flili of interbolle^ate cont-
petitibh idblildiiig 29 games, 12 of ^hicb are against Big Ten opponents. Pbb fitst iidhie g^me will be
game
wtb Wabash on April 6, ' Elaborate ceremonies planned for last yddPs Pirdte gaibe %ent to bought when a two-day downpour forced cancellation of the content at the last, minute. Failure of plaijs for the first appear^be of a major leagtib cltib at Ptll-dtie dishppbibted more than 6,00Q fans, who were ex-
pected to see the Pittsbprgh team
play. In]
I place of Rarol^ “Ple” Tray-
nob, Pfaillde Frisch, former Cardinal manager, ■v^ll lead the invading Bucs. <<
This year’s spring trip into the
south will include games with the U. S. "Naval Air Station at Pensacola, Fla., and Alabamb Poly at Auburn. The first of the six southern games will be played March 26, the first Monday of spring vacation.
After the home opener against
the Little Giants of Wabash, the Boilermakers play host to Iowa in a two game series. Five other Big
Ten dual enga^embbtb fbtibd obt the Western Cdnferebde chmpai^ of 12 gomes. Among non-cdnference opponents will be Findloy College, a peW opponent of the Poilermakers, Notre Dame, twice conijuerors of the Gold and Black last Season, Butler, annual state foe, abd Illindis "Wdslyan. The cdibplete l940'’Purdue baseball schedule follows: Mar. 25, 26, 27—^U. S. Naval Air Station at Pensacola, Fla. Mar. 28, 29, 30—^Alobama Polytechnic at Aubbbn, Aid. Apr. 6—^Wabash at Purdue Apr. 10,11—^lowa at Purdue Apr. 12—Pittsbturgh Pirates at f> Purdue Apr. 16, 17—Findlay College at Purdue. Apr. 19, 20—^Purdue at Indiana Apr. 23—^Butler at Purdue Apr. 26, 27—Purdue at Chicago Apr. 29—Purdue at Notre Dame May 3, 4—Ohio State at Purdue May 8—^Purdue at Wabash May 10,11—^Illinois at Purdue May 14—Notre Dame at Purdue May 17, 18—Purdue at Michigan May 21—^Purdue at Butler May 24, 26—111. Wes. at Purdue.
the Purdue Eacponent Service Directory
• ProfeMioiliii
e Sckool Suppfiee
Rlik Dmtal CHnle ik. PAUL A. KMC StiSSSSiTm 4t*i e PhaMi STOI
''DEAC* Everything for a College Education
DIL a. M. IRibN DENTIST 119 V4 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Dine
COME OVERI EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Mein St. 5e PH SOUP COPPS 9c
DR. C.E. SURRATT OPTOMitkl^ 522 AAaIn Phone 4741 LAFAYrTTE, INDIANA
e Floritti
Dorner'f Flower Shop QmHiy flewMO Main at 7th Phone 6050
• fewelera
e Rest. Supplies
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
SPECIAL DECORATED OR CRES+ AND MONOGRAM CHINA GILLESPIE'S 221 Vi Col,' St. Phone6405
Anitc^tte Bnt$li
6 & W SHOE CO.
121 No. Fourth St
cjCadied i
d
oiee
Betas Win Greek Track Championship
Kappa S/g Carter Leads Feint Scorers Alpha Gamma Rho Takes Second Place;
By Mary K. Miller
Wrestlers Jo Meet Wildcats Saturday
Today is the leap yea^ day. Who will you have girls ? If you are out to get a man this year, don’t pick an athlete unless you have enough tricks up your sleeve to overpower all his defenses. —fc— Stay away from the fencers because they will either parry your attacks or retreat from your advances. You haven’t a chance against the ruimers either, because they will hurdle right over your pitfalls. Golfers usually have such a drive that they will go through your strongest trap. —^fc— Good footabll men, who are great tacklers, can crash any line you put before them (If, they don’t get through, it must be powerful strong). When you start saying pretty remarks to a baseball player he will just hurl them to one side and go on unscathed. Since basketball' is the current sport now, some co-eds are probably casting their ' eyes in that direction. A basketball man is always on guard for a fast break. They are too good on the defense. —^fc— ‘ If you feel that you must get a man, you had better pick a student (defined as the little man who spends all of his time on the books and not in any athletic activity). When you pelter him with your advanced fire, he will be^too bewildered to withstand all your charm, because he doesn’t know any of the tricks 0 fthe trade. —fc— . Ten to one when yoU choose the man to go for, it will not be the
Coach Claude Reeck’s Boilermaker “wrestling s^uad will vdbd up its dual meet schedule in a return match vdth' Northwestern in the ' Fieldhouse Saturday. 'The match will take place immediately following the Purdue-Indiana final gun. The meet with Northwestern will serve as a last minute tuneup for the Big Ten wrestling championships which will be held in the Fieldhouse on Friday and Saturday, March 8 and .9. All Big Ten schools will be represented, with Indiana, the defending champion, and Minnesota, Dlinois, and Michigan running a close race as favorites for the team title. In the first clash between the Boilermakers and Wildcats at Evanston last Saturday, the match ended in a 14-14 draw. Reeck is hopeful of winding up the dual meet on Saturday, March 2, with a victory. The lineup will be: Anderson, 121 pounds; Fredericks, 128 pounds; Lindeman, 136 pounds j Papurca, 146 pounds; Capt. Willey, 166 .pounds; Camperman, 165 pounds; Aronson, 175 pounds; and either Montgomery or A1 Rossi, hea^weight.
bookworm but the big strong athlete, with all the defense mechanism. You would rather have them make it tough for you than to. give way under the first flourishing of your line. Yes, the harder the conquest, the sweeter the success. Here’s luck to you girls, even the strongest of all athletes has a soft spot in his heart for the right little
iZ ^JobidiL
To the comfort and enjoyment of both the friends and' relatives of our University body.
JhjL fijindusL TnjunifdaL UnlmL
The Comer of the Campu9-~ Yet the Center of ActiviHes
Although they managed to gamer victories in only two of the 12 scheduled events, the Beta Theta Pi track team piled up a total of 20 and one-sixth points to win the Greek indoor track championship last night. The AGR squad which was tied with the Betas after half of the events had been run off Tuesday, finished in Second place with 16 points. Alpha Kappa lambda and Kappa Sigma placed third and fourth respectively.
Carter, Kappa Sig athlete, was
WAA Sportswomen Will Sponsor Penny Carnival March 9th
Carnivals of the happy-go-lucky, penny foolish variety will be the inspiration for the Penny Carnival sponsored by WAA Sportswomen on Saturday, March 9, from 7:30 to 12 o’clock in the women’s gym. Mary Mather, president of the organization, is in charge of arrangements for the carnival. Approximately 16 booths will be planned by sororities, women’s residence halls, co-op houses, and other co-ed organizations. Plans for the booths must be turned in to Mary Mather by tomorrow. A foods booth will serve refreshments throughout the evening. A cup will be awarded to the group sponsoring the most attractive and oriignal booth. One lone penny will admit you to any of the exhibits and a prize will be given to the organization making the most money. The booths will be open from 7:30 to 11 p. m. Dancing will be enjoyed from 9 to 12 o’clock by recordings. A special program consisting of swimming and tumbling will also be given.
Alpha Xi Delta
. . . social sorority announces the election of the following ofiScers: Agnes McCulloch, president; Ruth Newton, vice-president; Dorothy Ells, treasurer; Jane Briscoe, recording secretary; Margaret Young, corresponding secretary; Jane Ellen Blind, historian; Nelbn Nufych, chaplaiii; Mkry Lee, marshall; Mary Bailey, joiumal correspondent.
OR^A//ve-
|Thes* high faihion pajamas and gowns are styled in distinctive Trique STRIPE material. Irresistible because of its chiffon lightness, amazing durability, service and unique ipiartnessl And at THIS price, such elegance is rare economyl
JUST RIGHT FOR HlGHTl
THIEME & WAMGERIN CO.
«22.626 Main St.
the high point man of the two-day meet. He finished first in the yard high hurdles then duplicated this feat as he reached the 11 foot bar in the pole vaUlt yesterday. Carter also placed second in the high jump. Brock of Phi Delta Theta placed second in the pole
vault.
High Jump Melzer added five points to the SAE total as he soared over the crossbar at 5 feet 7 inches in the high jump. Carter added to his individual score with a second-best
jump.
In a close, fast race Flickinger of Theta Tau and Neal of Delta Tau Delta raced across the finish line in the 60 yard low hurdles in a dead heat. Their time was 7.5 seconds. Kilty of Alpha Kappa Lambda finished close behind. ,
Farnsworth Wins 440 Farnsworth gave the Betas one of their two firsts as he sprinted the 440 yard dash in 42.6 second to beat out AGR Stanley. Kemp turned in a time of 4:40 in the mile run to give the Alpha Kappa Lambda point total a boost. Marozick of Beta Sigma Psi placed second. The four-man relay which was originally scheduled as a 440 yard race was lengthened to a full half mile. The AGR team took the crown as they ran the event in 1:39 t obeat out the Beta combination by a mere half second.
Riveters Renew Squash Compelliion On Saturday
Squs^sh-racquets will resume action when Coach “Chief” Clevett’s
team meets Notre Dame in a return match on the Boilermaker courts next Saturday aftemboh at 2:30. In thib returh match witJi the Irish, the Rivbtei' squash men will endeavor to add another victory to their string by repeating a win, which they made over the visiting team earlier in the season. Since returning from the eastern training trip during the Christmas holidays, the squash team has chalked up six ^victories, one tie, and one loss in mid-western competition and is hopeful of adding more high score games to its winning list. Following the return match with Notre Dame Saturday, the squash squad will take to the road to meet the Detroit YMCA and Michigan in a double assignment on Saturday, March 9, and then wind up their season in the western collegmte championships to be held on the local courts on March 16.
Courtney Martin
... CE ’39, recently received a civil service appointment as Engineering Aide with the Federal Power Commission in Washington.
A PRAIRIE
E IN'
BLOpJVl!
mmmvWV'''^
'frj'i , , HI '4-,
THE PUimOE EXPONEMt
Thursday. Vh^ruory 29. 1940
mi j¥‘
(#?.
T
Sj^rtsmanship
Most people on the Exponent editorial staff re^ exchange papers sent here from other schools. Often there is nothing of note to interest Purdue readers. But the first of last week we picked up the Daily Illini, student publication of the University of Illinois. The second deck of the lead story caught our eye, “Purdue Roughhouse Tactics Throw Illini Off Stride.” The head, of course, Was over the Purdue-Illinois basketball game story. Purdue Won, 33-27.'To those who were on the campus during the 1937-38 basketball season the headline is reminiscent. That year, in the first game of the year with Illinois, the “fighting” Illini downed the Boilermakers 51-43. Reports bf “How rough Purdue basketball teams are” were read in the Daily Illini. Yet Illinois committed but three fewer fouls than the Boilermakers. This year, after Purdue defeated Illinois, the sports editor of the Illini wrote, in his column headed Harpo’s Bazaar, “They might call it aggressiveness in this cage crazy town, but to any normal outsider Purdue’s tactics tonight were just a plain case of assault and battery . . . Purdue fans, who are infected with a blood lust as no other Big Ten group is, will argue that you win a ball game the best way you can... ” And so on. We think that the Illini, of the spokesman for them, are wrong. We hope they are wrong. But like Caesar’s wife, we must be above suspicion. Let’s be above suspicion Saturday evening when Indiana comes here to attempt to wrenOh a Big Ten title from Purdue. Don’t give our Bloomington neighbors an excuse, or even a chance, to talk. In an effort to avert any misconduct on our part, both at the Indiana game Saturday night, and the Illinois game there next Monday, we print the Boilermaker Creed: All athletic opponents are guests and should be treated with the courtesy due from Purdue as a host. All decisions of officials should be accepted without question. Players or officials should never be hissed or booed. Abusive or irritating language from the sidelines is the mark of a poor sportsman. Applause is due opponents who make good plays or show good sportsmanship. No attempt should be made to rattle an opposing player, such as the man attempting a free throw in basketball, or the pitcher in baseball. The game should be won by fair and lawful means, the spectators and the tcj^m abiding at all times by the real spirit of the rules. The game should be loved for its own sake and not for what the victory may bfhng. Games should be won without boasting and lost without excuses. Win or lose, Purdue’s teams deserve wholehearted support. —J. H. McK.
MITZI CAFE Dinners Served with Variety T-Bones, Chops, Oysters^—35c
Served Each Evening
213 Vine St.
Tweed Coat and Slacks and a Contrasting Pair of Whipcord Slacks in a Variety of Patterns $27.50 ROSENTHAL'S
322 Main St.
Phone 5975
On Sale This Week
B-10600 The Rhymin' Game (Rhyme Your Name) —F. T. (V. R.) Under the Woo-Woo Tree —F. T. (V. R.) Tony Pastor and his Orchestra B-10601 How Many Times—F. T. (V. R.) Nola—F. T. Vincent Lopez and his Suave Swing- Orchestra B-10602 Clap Hands,. Here Comes Charlie Southland Shuffle T. Charlie Barnet and his Orchestra B-10603 The Hof Gavotte tum-fiddle-iddle-um-dee-ay) Run, Rabbit, Run! The Four King Sisters with Orchestra Conducted by : Alvino Ray B-10604 South with the Boarder (Down Mexico Way)— F. T. (V. R.) Put on Your Old Grey Bonnet—F. T. (V. R.) Wingie Manone and his Orchestra B-1060S Too Romantic—F. T. (V, R.) Sweet Potato Piper— F. T. (V. R.) Glenn Miller and his Orchestra B-10606 The Moon and the Willow Tro©—F. T. (V. R.) You, You Darlin'—F. T. (V. R.) Music of Yesterday and Today Styled the Blue Barron Way B-10607 (What Can I Say) After I Say I'm Sorry— Vocadanee The Sky Fell Down— Vocadanee Shirley Howard with Orchestra The Fosl^ Shop A«H)o>lx«d Daalwe RCA - VtCTROLAS . VlOYOR RECORDS Baaf Side Scuara
IRE’S how Crown Service does more for you! 1. Clothes Cleaned by Crown are moth-proofed by MOMTE Moth-Proofing process. This insures against moth damage. 2. Clothes pressed by Crown receive that popular FORMPREST distinction. 3. Hat Cleaned and Blocked by Crown are repellent to water spotting. 4. Shirts laundered by Crown are DATED. That insures; a years wear or replaced by a new one. Criwn Laundry m W E C L E A'W E R S O F r I M E CLOTHES
am VbtoA.
Tonight’s the night, remember ? WAA will for the first time in ite history compete in the National Intercollegiate telegraphic swimming meet. And it really is national, for schools in states from all compass points in US have entered. Results of each meet are telegraphed to lU, where judges will compare the results. —waa— Intramural basketball is beginning to come down the home stretch although there is still plenty of fight for the old game. By supporting your team now, you will later be a gal with the best kind of experience when selections are made for the class basketball teams. Tomorrow, the winners of League A will play those of League B ; League C’s winners will compete with those of League D. —;waa— The ping pong and badminton struggles are at present, in the young stages of development but are coming along nicely. There is still an opportunity to participate in either if you like. Personally, pushing a ping pong ball around always seemed preferable to wielding a badminton racquet—one Of the old school, no doubt. —^waa— On Saturday, WAA will send twelve hand picked delegates to Greencaistle for “Sport’s Play Day.” There they will participate in badminton, shuffieboard, and volleyball. After the tournaments, a lunch will be served to the gamesters.
BLUEBIRD POPULAR RELEASE
By Anna Romanovna Myth refers to no less personage than St. Patrick as the originator of the gallant and delicate privilege extended on leap year to the fairer half of our creation. ' ♦ * >!> But then today is no fairy tald, so comrades, oh your toes ...
While sauntering through the park one day, St. Patrick met a very forlorn St. Bridgett. i . Woe! WOE!^ ^ Seemed that her fair damsels were very unhappy ..., THEY COULDN’T GET THEIR MAN — * * ♦ Now our beloved St. Patrick being a sternly single man, yet greatly moved by the sad, sad tale offered to help ... Ah! Rescue ... He conceded them the privilege to propose one year in every seven—• Blessed indeed, Katrinka, my babooshka. . . * * !|! Indeed very splendid is the weensy, ittle puddle on the walk to the library for one to get their man ... Instead of brawn or brains, one will have to have water wings to get’em Boilermaker . . .
Purdue Exponent
B. E. IiMhT „ W. E. Smitli
Bkudn«M ElMtactr
Piiones'L^Ediforial 4905; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Baterad •• m«mUI dus mstUr •* Em posl sAm I* Laiairatte, Indiana, nndor Um a«k od Conprew ad ManB R. 1679, and at Uw apadal mta od yoataga gnvldad tor la ■action 1106, act of Oatobet' 8, 1817, aUifaMriied Jaanacy R6k 192S. Fublbhad dailjr caraaiii Uwiaiiay darlau tlw mcolar academic year and weekly daring the Sonnaar Beaaioa. Ddlvered locally by carrier for $S.9f par year, mafi aab* ■cription ^60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Ine., College Pablisheia Bepreaantativea, 420 Madison Ave., Mew York, M. Y.
Co-ed Assistants: Baker, Miller, Fuukhouser. Bail^, Beard, Seiss, Rose, Justin, Iirwin, McClintock, Kaplan, Stiers, Barson, Fuller, Fassnacht, Curry. Niglit Editor—Schilling. Assistant Night Editor—Simpson.
Sports Editor—Carroll. Thursday, February 29, 1940.
Since the good old spirit of Valentine has departed many a day, there is a bit of warning to ye olde males of Purdue that beloved as their bachelorhood is to themi ... A box of candy is the forfeit for refusal...
I’m very unhappy at this point, Nina life is boring . . . Oh, hum!
Wafting gently to my ears are rumors that Romanoff has relinquished his charms... too late, gals.
'ew ^eadon
Bring a new sparkle to your slumbering personality with a brilliant new hair dress. We can create an interesting nevy hair style that will glorify your best points—give glamour to your appearance-—add immensely to your charm! Phone 7901
Group pictures of the Clubs and Organizations §f'. of which you ar^ proud to be a member
Agricultural Chemistry Club Agricultural Educational Society A. I. Ch. E. A. I. E. E. A. I. M. E. Airplane Club r Alpha Lambda Delta Alpha Phi Omega Alpha Zeta A. S. C. E. A. S? M. C. Camera Club Catalyst Chi Epsilon CeresDelta Rho Kappa Dolphin Club Cosmopolitan Club Eta Kappa Nu Flying Club Forestry Club Gimlet Club Glider Club v Gold Peppers ' ^ Hoof and Horn . Kappa Delta Pi Kappa Psi
Model Airplane Club Mortar Board Newman Club OmnIcron Nu "P“ Men's Club P. O. M. M. Phi Lambda Upsilon Purdue I ncjependent Association Pi Tau Sigma Iron Key Reamer Club Riding Club S. A. A. S. A. E. Scabbard and Blade Sigma Delta Chi Sigma Delta Xi Skull and Crescent Sportswomen Tau Beta Pi Tau Kappa Alpha Theta Alpha Phi Triton Club ■ Virginia C. Merideth Club Xi Sigma Pi Y. W. C A.
mo
(DebjuA,
JOi
The Book that tells the story of—
sf'-
■ff*,
-if