V
T\ 1 X Willkie Leads Roosevelt Purdue Exponent h Exponent straw Ballot
mm ^
Z-166
"70111016 52, No. IS
Thursday, September 26, 1940
CAA Selects 38 To Start Primary Flight Training According to an announcement released last night by R. L. Dickinson, instructor of the primary CAA ground school of the University airj)ort, 38 have been selected to start flight training on Monday. Forty temporary alternates have also been selected. From this list of temporary alternates there will be enough names chosen to fill the quota of 60 trainees and 10 permanent alternates. Must Report All students listed below are required to report to room 108 in the Mechanical Engineering Building at 7:00 o’clock Monday night. This includes both those chosen to start flight training and the temporary alternates. This meeting will be the first ground school class. Failure to attend will result in the disqualification of the absentee’s application. The following men have been selected to start iflight training: Blackwell To ’Woodward J. R. ilackwell, J. D. Bray, J. D. Brummett, J. W. Carter, R. Creek, J. H, Creveling, 0. L. Cunningham, J. R. Diggins, E. J. Disher, G. C. Dodson, J. C. Ely, I. A. Fosse, P. S. Hartman, C. L. Herbster, A. M. Katz, R. H. Keller, C. E. Kessler, W. A. Knapp, J. N. Lemon. L. R. McArthur, C. R. McKee, J. H. Merkhoflf, A. O. Neese, J. W. Oswalt, T. B. Parker, Jr., J. F. Parsons, R. Rennak, F. C. Richardson, R. E. Sawyer, R. Shuerman, F. B. Smith, R. S. Storms, L. L. Teel, B. L. Tormohlen, F. C. Tuxworth, J. C. Wayne, A. B. Williamson, W. R. Woodward. The following have been selected as temporary alternates: Aull To Wilson L. E. Aull, R. W. Arlin, V. C. Beebe, W. B. Bergstrom, D. C. Beruwanger, L. G. Betoimes, H. G. Blackwell, J. P. Brown, P. J. Carr, R. Goers, Jr., J. A. Cooper, D. A. Couger, E. M. Elkin, R. 0. Fisher, J. E. Gilbert, J. M. Gloor, A. C. Goerss, R. L. Hall, T. F. Hawk, R. Hopley. J. W. Hudson, R. C. Hurd, A. L. Jackson, R. S. Johnson, J. Karu, F. B. Kelsey, C. R. Kirkpatrick, M. R. Kline, W. L. Korte, A. S. Linder, D. W. MacMillan, H. A. Montgomery, R. P. Reul, R. E. Schmidt, J. M. Shaver, H. A. Todd, J. F. Voros, P. Wagner, R. G. Wilson, r.a. Sigma Delta Psi A meeting of Sigma Delta Psi, -national honorary athletic fraternity, has been scheduled for 7:30 o’clock tonight. Anyone who is interested in athletics should be at the Fieldhouse at that time. j.r,f.
Hanley, 11, Elected President Of ASME William A. Hanley, ME ’ll, has been elected president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, it was announced yesterday. Hanley, a member of the board of directors and head of the engineering department of Eli Lilly and company, Indianapolis, has previously held the office of manager and vice-president of the society, r.s.k. 1941 Debris Sittings Will Begin Monday Sittings for the 1941 Debris senior photographs will start Monday, according to an announcement yesterday by Bob Adams, Debris junior business manager. Postcards are now being mailed to each senior, listing the time at which appointment is scheduled. Pictures will be taken by Dex-heimer-Carlon, Indianapolis photographers who have done the work for the past several years. Photograps are to be taken m room 60 in the sub-basement of the Union. A schedule of the time of every senior’s appointment will appear each morning in the Exponent, j.l.t. Alliance Will Discuss 'Academic Freedom' student Alliance, student discussion group, will meet m the West Faculty Lounge of the Union at 7:30 o’clock this evening to discuss “Academic Freedom.” This topic was chosen because of its connection with the case of the 13 Michigan university students dismissed from, their university for “subversive activities” and now seejcing readmission at Ann Arbor. The question of the student cooperative will be discussed at a later meeting, r.s.k. Christian Churth Group Plans Party Tjomorrow A skating party, sponsored by the Purdue Christian Foundation, will be held at Maple Point tomorrow at 10:30 p. m. Those desiring to go will meet at 126 Chauncey avenue at 10:00 p. m. Transportation will be furnisbed, and an admission fee of 25 cents will be collected at the rink. Anyone %irnishing transportation for five people will be admitted free. m.r.f.
/ Sez To The Guy-My Gad, I Don't Look Like That-Or Do I?'
By Don Brophy “Horace C. Glutz, BE ’43. Step down!” That’s the way the story went about three weeks ago. And then there came those horrible days of heart-rending anguish and the maddening wait before we were permitted to see the desecration which those orges, the passport cameramen, had wrought upon our profiles. Now we know that we ain’t John Barrymore, but mirrors don’t tell lies; and we’re positive that we don’t resemble an emaciated Boris Karloff after an all-night ^)inge. Guess Who? After seeing our picture on our passport, we guess those la,ds -yv^ho had their phqtos snapped, without any film in tl^e camera were pretty lucky boys after all. That’s not the l\alf of it. We’re mighty patient fellows, but when we’ve just spent two hours waiting in line over at^the Fieldhouse and watched some campus glamor boy shove a lot of glamor girls in line ahead of us, we just can’t help but write this story with a “sulfuric acid” typewriter.
Sororities Choose Osborne's Band Mrs. Clifford Rader To Play At Free As Rush Advisor Swing Session
It would have been “jake” with us if that fellow had divided his feminine friends, but some guys just have no sense of generosity. The mob in that Fieldhouse was so enormous that one of our pres-ent-day more popular Hamburger Disseminators, Inc. was opeping a concession in the south corner of the hall as we were leaving, or maybe we just thought that because we were so tired of it all. ' “It Was A Good Fight Maw . . .” After fighting our way to the doors through a mass of freshmen and sophs who inhabited the place we realized that this was what Shakespeare was thinking about when he wrote the mob Scene in “Romeo and Juliet.” Anyway we’re so exhausted now that we’re sure if we went over to Doc Miller he would recommend that we knock off from tomorrow’s classes in order to recuperate. , We won’t though, for two reasons: we’rfe too tired, and Doc might want to amputate. Wanta see my passport?
Mrs. Clifford Rader of Columbus, 0., and former president of the national Pan-Hellenic Council, has been chosen to act as advisor to rushees and sororities during the coming co-ed rush, Kathryn Lang, president of the University PanHellenic Council, said yesterday. This is tne initial appearance on this campus of such an advisor. Miss Lang said. Mrs. Rader will be here from October 7 to 19 and will have an office in the Union. She will, according to the announcement, try “to relieve some of the difficulties arising during rush.” j.a.p. President Elliott Lists Instructions For Use Of Student Passports The following: are instructions to be noted by freshmen and all upperclassmen on the care and use of their passports (referred to as identification cards throug:hout the notice), which have been distributed to students during: this week. Passports are issued to all University students, sigrnifying; payment of mescal, recreational and activity fees. Students should keep their identification cards with them at all times. Please remember that this card is for the exclusive use of the student to whom it is issued. Any student misusing his identification card by selling, lending, or giving it to another person, is subject to disciplinary action. The purposes of the identification card are to serve the owner as follows: 1. Admit him to student convocations and athletic contests. 2. Make the services of the Student Health Service and the recreational facilities ^readily avail^le to him. 3. Make it possible for him to obtain reserved seat tickets, marked student ticket, for athletic contests. Instructions relative to obtaining reserved seat tickets will be published in the Exponent. Student tickets are not to be sold or given away. 4. Prove his identity to merchants and others concerned. Any student who loses his id^tification card is requested to notify the ticket manager at the Fieldhouse at once by letter, by telephone, or in person. It will take approximately two weeks to obtain a duplicate card and will cost the student $1.00. Any student who was not photographed at registration time is requested to have his photograph taken for his identification card^^n Saturdays from 10:50 to 11:50 a.\m., in room 2, Stanley Coulter Hall. E. C. ELLIOTt, President of the University. 40 Frosh Co-eds Attend Inspection Of Library The library inspection tour sponsored by Alpha Lambda Delta, honorary society for distinguished freshman women, held yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock, was attended by approximately 40 freshman co-eds. * The tourists were taken through the library by Professor Josselyn, of the Library staff, who showed them how and where to locate books and magazines for all subjects. They were shown the stacks and received information as to their use. m.r.f. PIA Announces . . . the selection of Gordon Griffin, Sc. ’4i|., as men’s activities chairman to fill the vacancy on the PIA Board. Griffin is publication editor on the Purdue Independent staff and pledge chairman of the Reamer club. He will assume his duties at once and will work closely with the men’s social chairman in an effort to provide more small, informal social functions for independent student?. d.t.b.
Will Osborne and his band will present an hour of smooth rhythms Saturday night from 7:30 to 8:30 o’clock at the second Union sWing. session of the year to be held in the north ballroom preceding the senior cord dance. ^ At 9 o’clock Osborne will again swing out; this time in honor of the seniors. All seniors wearing their light tart cords Avill be admitted to the dance without cost. The theme of the ballroom decorations will feature traditions of senior cord week. A huge department store center show window will display a number of cords standing as “stic as boards.” The side windows of the store will be decorated with models of the Old Oaken Bucket and the new Purdue mascot, the “Boilermaker Special.” The band fronts will be gold and black derbywearing profiles. These decorations were planned by Hal Knight, Union vice-president, d.t.b. Passporis Two-Thirds Gone; Rest Available With two-thirds of the passports distributed, students who do not as yet have theirs are urged to get them as soon as possible in order to prevent last minute confusion at the ticket office, C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales, said yesterday. The office will be open to distribute the identification cards the remainder of the week, all classes now being available. Passports are required for the game Saturday, but there will be no reserved seats. However, those seniors who participate in the senior parade will have a block of seats reserved for them. r.s.k. Tea Dance To Follow Game Saturday; Band Unknown Immediately after the football game Saturday afternoon an unannounced band will play for a tea dance in both ballrooms of the Union. The music for the dancers will be continuous from after the game until 6 o’clock. There will be no admission charge for dancers, d.t.b. Tritons To Practice Mondays, Thursdays According to an announcement received from Triton club, swimming honorary for women, half of the club will practice on Thursday afternoons and the other half on Mondays. Practices, which will begin at 4 o’clock, will commence this afternoon.* Tuesday evening the club held a meeting for all women interested in swimming. After the officers had been introduced, the proposed activities for the year were explained and xeqtdrements for membership listed. After the meeting a^few of the preliminary tests necessary for membership in the club were given. Those interested in the organization who were not able to be the meeting Tuesday are invited to attend one of the practice sessions and make up the preliminary tests.
Independent Men . . . interested jn singing in the PIA Men’s Chorus may sign in the PIA office or be present^ at the tryouts this afternoon at 4:30 o’clock in room 307 of the Union. Twenty-five vacancies for the enlarged chorus of 40 will be filled after these tryouts. d.t.b. , ROTC Review . . . honoring Sergeant Nathan Capps, who is retiring Monday, will be held at 11 o’clock this morning. Sergeant Capps has been on the University Corps ROTC staff since 1919. He served in the Philippine Islands and was a member of the AEF during the World War. a.c.
Ballot
Wendell L. Willkie, Republican candidate for president, last
night led in the Exponent presidential poll with a total of 390 votes, while contrary to riv^ polls, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Dem" ocrat, followed with only 140 ballots. The poll is to be continued until Saturday, and final results will be announced in Sunday's
Exponent. i
One For Browder
Among the minor candidates, Norman Thomas, Socialist, has received five votes to date, while Earl Browder, although he was not listed, was named once. The straw ballot also showed that approximately one out of every seven students had different party aflSiliations than their
parents.
In tabulating the various reasons for selecting the candidates, it was found that 56 per cent of those favoring Willkie checked “Willkie is a business man and wiU do a better job than an impractical idealist,” 26 per cent wanted “anybody but Roosevelt,” and 19 per cent believed there should be “no third term for any man.”
- At the present time I favor for
President:
I [ Franklin D. Roosevelt,
Democrat.
□ Wendell L. Willkie,
Republican.
[~~| Norman Thomas, Socialist. I consider myself a:
0 Democrat. 0 Republican. 0 Socialist. My parents are: 0 Democrat. 0 Republican. 0 Socialist. ^ Check the reason that best illustrates your viewpoint. 0 1. Willkie is a business man and will do a better job than an impractical idealist. 0 2. Anybody but Roosevelt. 0 3. No third term for any
man.
0 4. Roosevelt has more experience in foreign affairs, and will not appease the dictators. 0 5. Approve of the New Deal and do not want to see it compromised.
Publications Print Articles By Faculty During the summer months members of the University English department made several contributions to publications. The contributions included three articles and a dozen book reviews. H. J. Muller contributed articles on “The Novels of Hardy Today” to the Southern Review. Paul Fatout wrote “Roan Barbary,” an article on Shakespeare, in the Shakespeare Association Bulletin. R. A. Cordell was the author of six reviews of current books in the Saturday Review of Literature, and A. R. Rolfs was the author of a similar number in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Among the latter, books reviewed included: Winston Churchill’s “The Uncharted Way,” Osbert Sitwell’s “Escape with Me: An Oriental Sketch Book,” and Louis Golding’s “The World I Knew”. r.a.t. Senior Co-eds To Sign For Placement Service Today "This afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 363 of the_ Union, Dr. G. E. Davis, of the education and applied psychology department, and Miss Irene Feldt, director of the women’s placement service, will talk to senior co-eds concerning the teacher placement service and the University placement service for vromen. The seniors will then have fan opportunity to register with the services. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of industrial management, will preside at the meeting, a.c. HE Slaff Women Listed On National Committees Professors Ruth Jordan and Ruby F. Clark, members of the school of home economics staff, were recently listed in the Bulletin of the American Home Economics Association on national committees. Miss Jordan is a member of the membership and journal promotion committee and Miss Clark is on the standardization of consumer’s goods committee. m.r Pi Kappa Phi . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Richard Young, Riverside, 111,; Robert Porterfield, Jr., Chicago; Alexander Laird, II, Winnbtka, 111.; Harold Halstead, Zionsville. r.m.r.
Ballots Divided In the ballots cast for President Roosevelt, the reasons given were evenly divided between “Roosevelt has more experience in foreign affairs, and will not appease the dictators” and “Approve of the New Deal and do not want to see it compromised.” To enable all students to cast their vote in this straw poll, the Exponent is today reprinting the ballot which appeared in Sunday’s pa- f per. After making only one choice in each group, clip out the ballot and place it in the ballot box located at the west desk in the Union. n.a.o. Dairy Technicians, Administrators Here For Two-Day Meeting Indiana dairy technicians will hold a two-day meeting today and tomorrow at the University. Dairy staff members are featured on the program, but in addition representatives from the Federal Pood and Drug Administration and the State Health Department will explain state and federal regulations on dairy products. Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the dairy department, last night announced that a large portion of the conference will be spent in the laboratory running mold tests on cream and taking mold mycelia counts on butter. Those who attend and have their own microscopes and equipment should bring them. r.sj£.
the Night Editor's Corner
Little Things That Pass . . . through the night editor’s hands and over his desk as the hectic afternoon passes into woxkfilled night and he faces the weary wee-hours of the morning are often quite amusing. But often these are the things that don’t get into the next m<miing’s paper. However, tonight the night editor, in the midst of the “dead sp^" that always occurs between 6 and 6 o’clock, takes up his tsrpewriter and instigates “The Night Editor’s Corner” for those little things that pass, and little pertinent notes on the day’s biggest news, as only the night editor can see them. It is hoped that this cblumn wiH, appear each morning, and we promise that it will always be short, j^and usually on the front page. Hope you enjoy reading about the little things that pass. The hands are back on HeavBon Hall’s tower clock; ^ Home Economics . .. seniors will meet tonight at 7 o’clock at the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority house.’■f'vh" ^ 'fl' . , A..\’,'. ■ ' ’,
.y.y /p.s,
I ■
PURDUE EXPONENT
Thui
iada^
September 26/' 1940
3*^ Column
(ilairton, Pa., September 26.—A terrific explosion shattered two buildings of the Pennsylvania Industrial Chemical Corporation’s plant here today. It was an accidfent. The company was producing solvents for DuPont. Last week a year’s supply of cork stored in anticipation of a war shortage went up in smoke. That was an accident, too. The yreek before the Hercules powder company managed to flatten itself. Of course, we don’t believe in this Fifth Column or subversive activities business. But those stray sparks sure do get around. * * * ^ We see by the papers that army volunteers are irushing the draft. In fact it looks like they’ll fill a large part of it before October 16. Which goes to show that congressmen don’t know everything. Sven if they do make a noise like they do. ♦ * ♦ V It has us worried. We can’t figure out who those guys are. Most of us are figuring ways to be exempt. There’s only one solution to the problem. The volunteers are married men who are afraid they won’t make the draft. * * * In the headlines we discovered that: AXIS BLOC BANDS FOE WORLD GAINS Which throws a little light on all those goings on in Europe. And satisfies our curiosity. We wondered what Hitler and his stooges were up to.—d.k.h.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Sessibh. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief..„„__. R. W. Donahne Business Manager Merle fiagemeyer Publication Sfaff News Editor —_... H. McKee Managing Elditor —— — D. K. Ifeiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, M. A. Ochiltree, J. A, Purcell, L. W. RuSner, R. M. Skallemp, J. L.' Traugott. Business l^aff Local Advertising Managi^: D.'Sl'Po.wers, .Q. 0, Danders; Promotion Manager, C. E. Dangelmajer; Accounts Manager, K. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald. Co-ed Staff 3eth Simpson Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Elditor Associate Elditors: Sieas. Sports Staff Editor J. P, Dolan Associate EMiton: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim,
Phones: Editorial 400$; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented -lor national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Night Editor: Purcell Day Editor: Rose Assistant Night Editors: Brophy, Rockefeller Sophomores: Rober S. Kolb, Robert A. Tewksbury, James R. Fraser, Alice Chatfleld, Marylyn R. Fifield, Maitha Jane Fox, Virginia Rarson.
Boilermaker Cheer Leaders Warm Up For Opening Game By Bud Spofford Down on one. knee, arms upstretched and flung wide apart, and eyes lifted to the heavens were five men. Praying? No, five other figures came hurling through the outstretched arms in a diving tumble and came to their feet with a rojising “Yea Purdue.” Just a new formation that the Boilermaker cheerleaders have for tbe ISutlep game on Saturday. Led by Johnny Zuck, who has stepp^ed into Biljl Dunshee?s shpies, and Bill Delmer, manager, the “whooper-uppers” are working out several new plans of attack. However, Johnny says, “The big stuff will come at the Wisconsin game. Also the co-eds who are picked will appear ajb the ^oTRecomiRg pelebration.” Tryouts Galore TweRty-three girl? aud inyentyseven men answered the initial call for cheerleaders and ihqre than half of them have remained. Since there will be no pep session before Sattirday’s game, a few of these new eds and co-eds are warming up their vocal chords by appearing at the varioRS dining rooms on the campus. Their by-word is “Chew and then cheer.” Kay Weber and her shorts, a holdqyer frpm appear at the Butler game, but she will defin;fe]iy be present at all future games. Kay, Dick DeGarmo, and Johnny Goll are the only veterans left this year. Gold Peppers On Ball The Gold Peppers are furnishing the uniforms for the girls and are also going to give awards to the girls that remain on the squad. A like award may be given to tbe ed members that last out the season. Meet Zuck And Staff Aiding Johnny Zuck Saturday will be Dick DeGarmo, Johnny Goll, Bruce Adams, Dick Reynolds, Pete Schwab, Gil Ades, Bill Walker, Art Olson, and Freddy Heimlich, b.d.s.
Intramural Sports
TODAY THI^M SATURDAY)
fm Vipk-Vfi Or Stop Af Our West Side Office! Our Sanitone Cleaning ai|4 Modern t^findry Methods always has helped hundreds to look their best.
Phone American Laundry and Sanitone Cleaners
SOFTBALL Thursday, September 26 Diamond 1 Acacia vs. Delta TJpsilon. 2 Ward 30 vs. Ward 25. 3 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 4 Theta Tau vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 5 Theta Xi vs. Alpha Chi Eho. 6 Phi Kappa T^au vs. Phi Kappa. 7 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Beta Theta Pi. 8 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 9 kappa Delta Rjjo vs. Theta Chi. 10 Ward 27 vs. Ward 8. 11 Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary H^all 4. 12 Cary Hail 0 vs. Cary Hall 2. 13 Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 6. 14 Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary, Hall 10. 15 Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall 7. 16 Cary Hall 13 vs. Cary Hall 8. 17 Cary Hall 14 vs. Cary Hall 12. 18 Ward 12 vs. Ward 13.
19 Ward 11 vs. Ward 28. 20 Ward 21 vs. Ward 24. 21 'Ward 26 vs. Ward 2. 22 Ward 14 vs. Ward 9. 28 Kappa Signia vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. TENNIS Pickering vs. Bahner or Cummings. Sells vs. Siener. Harrison vs. Vitale or Armstrong. Van Camp vs. Kamisky. Stettner vs. Martin or Marshall. May vs. Platt. ' ' Christensen vs. Murphy or Dudzinski. Lau vs. Armstrong or Paul. ALL CAMPUS GOLF Followipg'men aye urged to qualify, (18 holes) at Municipal Golf Course before Saturday, 5:00 ’p. m.: J. Coombs, W. Shelby, Dick Himes, K. B. Wonnell, R. M. Bennett, J. A. Stiggleman, Cecil Polk* J. Kamisky, Jim Sha-w, W. P. Jackson, E. M. Lang, Art Christy, Bud Aisworth, Dave Lodge, D. Dittmer, Mac Xiaddon, J. Seabright, L. A. Jacobson, J. Silvers, J. Sells, H. 'B. Shook, R. K. Gossett, H. Fargo, R. Holloway,' J. Bahner, G. R. Wolter, K. Hufstater, E. Greenstein, P. Fihe, R. A. Brand, R. E. Sprague, D. S. Schumacher, W. H. Mansfield, R. E. Armstrong, R. S. Dutch, F. L. Keese, A. E. Evers, Dave Campbell, R. C. Jones, H. Weglinski, 'W. F. Jackson, J. R. Bowen, A. E. Morris, Jim Miller, C. Rune, H. B. Shook, Parsons, G. Doherty, Simmons, Esping.
TODAY - FRIDAY - SAT. — 2 SWEU HITS — a
PLUjSrr-gNI? FE|«^TU|L|E
HE EMOTIONAl "BIG PARADE" OF TODAY!
iWOllEN IN WAR : MjpRIlR .. OEKKIE MOOSE • OOiiOrfrPETtRSOS . ■ Blur OUOEHT • coim Iipur ; OaCCtED «r JOHN H Aum ' ' ' ■ A' REPllBriC P^PcTU-li'E-"' '■
]Pnr4iif%^s f Interesting • People By ponna Sfqss
By Donna Sies? Petite, blonde (with a touch of red), sparkling Sarah Bevel, w]ho speaks French fipOntly, is our interesting persqn of' today. Sarah, a graduate of DePauw, is now a graduate student taking her major in Education, How many of you feel that, after four years of college French you .could Sail over the bounding seas to France and there teach French children the English language? It may soufid simple, but hold on just a minute. French Only It so happens, naturally, that all of the other faculty members in the school where Miss Devol taught spoke only French, as did the children. This all amounts to the fact that the first year graduate had to converse in French all the time and still teach conversational English. From all reports, she did a dandy job, being asked again to join the
STARTS TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE — Men in White—and the Women They Love—in a Mystery Romance of 1,001 Thrills.
TOUNff KIIDABE «»ii iiwjynif
— Plus
Arm in Arm—for the Glory of thq Service. Fist-tq-fish —for the Han4 of a Gal!
The Loveliest YOU
To enhance the beauty that is yours — to brjnp put thpsp pb^rn§ thp very mpst pf your lovely qualities—‘trust only the most adept ability. Here capable,, trained hands send you fprth at your most bP3utiful.\ 3[osib!bu (Bsauiif, SaJon,
teaching staff at Maintenon, a town of 2,000, near Paris. However, due to war conditions, Sarah was forced tp sail for the United States. Tours Continent At first. Miss Devol encountered the same difficulty as the pupils, they both spoke their respective languages too rapidly. An interesting hjt js the Frejtich' pupil's opiniqR oi^ Americans. They say, Americans: rich, athletic. Dpring the summer and holidays the American Mademoiselle traveled, spending some time in Norway, Denmark, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy, and Germany. Sarah is now taking 18 hours in the University, including among them, strange to say, a course in the French novel and a Spanish
cdurse. Following conxpletiqn of her master’s, She hopes to 'return to France in her former capacity.
Triangle
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of .Clifford C. WhitiRgof Evanston, 111. m,r.f. I Headqnarters o^ the InternatibRal Labor office have been temporarily trans^epe.d ftrojtn Geneva, S'witzerland, tq H^qGill Uniyersity, Montreal. Douglas ^yde, firgt president of Eire (Ireland), was once interim professor of modern languages at Rutgers University in New Jersey.
HERE WE GA
322 Main Sf.
Phone 5322
JivE P/^NC£5/ TO.p...
TpMPLE OAKIE CHARLOTTE GREENWOOD
OF FUnJ ... as two rollicking louglj-stqrs join Shjrley in her |atest, happiest hit'
aRLEEN WHELAN
UIRmSTU
TOPAY
TODR-FIltDAr
"If fl
>*< I
i:
K|,l 4'
14
statim
mm,,' . ’■' '. ■' .''^ -V' I, , " • “ ' ''^": , •' '> , ' V‘' ' ’ V ' ' ' '' ‘.'‘^',rJr;ffi%i'
'- 1.
^ 7^]iip(|^y, Sepembpr 2^> 194^
EXPONENT
f ■<
Beware, Battling Butler Bulldogs
Ab
illusiaiB
By Joseph Patrick Bolan In view of the comiiig Butler battle this Saturday, we have decif|,ed to get fi;i‘4t-liand iq;forn)iation from the enemy camp, and tl|ifs wae obtained for digestion by Boilermaker fans Jropi a very able sport writer, Bob Schalk, sports eiditor of the Butler Collegian^ Butler university campus daily. Take H gway, Bpk, and thanks. By Bob Schalk, Spprte Editor, Butler Collegian K the Butler Bulldogs pull an upset yictoj:y oyer |;he Pur.^ue BoiI,ermakers Saturday afternoon at RossAde stadium, it will surprise everyone but the Bulldogs. Coach Paul “Tony” Hinkle’s boys, ydth one good game under their belts, are all set for another crack at big-time football, and they do not feel like so many sheep being led away to slaughter. 27-6 victors over a smaller St. Joseph College squhd last Saturday afternoon, the Indianapolis gridmen are in fine spirits, and will shoot the proverbial works against the Boilermakers Saturday. Although expected to be mainly a defensive aggregation, the Bulldogs ^ last Saturday displayed a powerful ground attact, and also made con-
Tigers Stretch Margin Over Cleveland To 2 Games; Down White Sox, 10-9; 3-2
Harold Mossey
Elwood Norrp
nectipns pn several lopg passep. Heading the pass department is little Ralph “Red” SwagPr, five foot, five inch, 160 pound senior halfback from Charleston, W. Va. “Red” thrpyrs ’em sjtralght au^ fppt, lyltb ends Stan .Crawford, !l^b Roberts, or Claude “Cloud” Stropes receiving. Biggest guns in Butler’s running attack are Harold Peichter, Charlie Metzelarrs, Hank Abts, Elwood “Woody” Norris, and Dick Fruechtenicht (pronounced Frik’ ten ik’). Metzelarrs and Norris, both second string backs, showed great form in Saturday’s game, and may rate starting berths against the Boilermakers. Metzelarrs can both punt and run, while Norris ripped large holes in the St. Joe line with his power plunges. Fruechtenicht is fast on reverse.
Last 3 Days
Sears’ 54th Anniversary Sale
Thursday Friday Saturday
^PEGIAL . *. ....
“NATIQNALL” COVFRALLS
... -.
t For That Quick Change
pr. Fastener
Rii
Heavyweight Wcl^o^ stripe. $a^oriTOd (^axishrinkage 1%) j j^prpironf, triplig Ql^t^ed se^s. Perfectly sized. Short, medium, lohg. Even chest sizes 34 to 46. r' (
For That Hurry-Up Job
Sanforized JL Shrunk
Heavyweight sanforized hickory stripe (maximum shrinkage 1%). Rip-proof seams Eight
strong pockets. Even chest sizes, 34 to 46; inseam: short, medium and long. 1
SEARS ROEBUCK & CO. 2 North Third St., Lafayette, Indiana Hione 4039
s W
If your car can’t be trusted, play safe and call a dependi^la fifth*
YELLOW CAB GO.
3071
Phones
5023
i
while Feichter is adept at cpt backs and broken field running. Abts, besides handling line-bucking duties, does most of the punting for the Bulldogs. He is known to Bulldog faps as “Whispering Hank” because his voice can be heard from any position in the Fairview bowl. On the Bulkier line the lookout is bright. Composed entirely of returning lettermen the blue and white "forward wall is not easily pushed around. Although they are only average in midfield, when driven within their own 25 or 30 yard line they fight like Tigers. Unofficial records show that last year more than fifteen long drives by Butler opponents were stopped cold within twenty yards of the Butler goal. The Bulldogs last year were scored upon only twice, while rolling up a total of 181 points on offense. At left end is tall Bob Roberts, 196 pounder from Columbus, Ohio. Captain Joe Dezelan, 204 pound Indianapolis man, hblds down left tackle. At left guard is 186 pound Lowell Toelle, from South Bend,
Indiana. Big Bob Purkhiser, 225 pound athlete from Willard, Ohio,
works at the pivot post.
Al; right guard is bard'fiffhling Doyle Dugger, 175 pound Bloomfield, Indiana, product. Rights tackle is in the capable hgnds of big Johnny Rabold, 257 pounder from Indianapolis. At right end is lanky Stan Crawford, 173 poupd boy from Co-
lumbus, Ohio.
Starting at quarterback will be 220 pound Harold Mossey, who won his letter last year as a tackle. Mossey was moved to the backfield to add power on line plays. At left half will be little “Red” Swager; at right half, Harold Feichter. Hank Abts will start at fullback. Other backs to see lots of action are “Woody” Norris, Charlie Metzelaps, and Steve Stoykol, sophomore from South Bend. Jimmie Foxx, Boston Red Sox slugger, is the only major league ball player still playing who has won the American League “Most Valuable Player Award” three times during his career.
Detroit’s Buck Newsom received credit for winning both ends of a double-header yesterday as the Tigers stretched their lead over the Cleveland Indians by beating the White Sox, 10-9 and 3-2. Newsom entered the first game as a relief pitcher after Bridges and Benton had gone to the showers, and was helped to victory when Rudy York doubled Barney McCosky home in
the tenth inning. Tigers Gain Lead
Detroit’s twin killing more than matched the single win of -thq Indians over the St. Louis Browns, and gave the Tigers a 2-game lead oyer Cleveland and a 3%-game lead over the Yankees, who were rained ^^,,..«-outr^ewsom’s victories were his «. 20th and 21st, the latter made possible by Hank Greenberg’s 41st
homer with none on base.
BE PREPARED Get your Bowing Shoes for the week-end now. Qur excellent quality $2-95 $3.50 Ladies’ Bowling Shpes in all widths. GOODWIN’S
302 State St.
In the Village
Phqne 5353
Tricky Sportswear AT POPULAR PRICES Wear them to the "C^fd” Dance Friday, tp i:liie game Saturday, and ^round-’n-about. Skirts $2.98 to $5.98 Bulky Sweaters $1.98 to $5.98 Jumpers $2.98 to $3i.98 Jumper Blouses ., ,....$1.98 to |2.^8 Jackets $3.98 to $10,98 ^pol S||ort Dresses, j $5.98 to $12.98 t «
Last Home Game Of Cubs The other half of the Windy City’s baseball hopes, the Cubs, endeavored to reduce the 3-game margin separating them from the first division to one game, defeating the ■ fourth place Pirates in both ends of a double-header. The Cubs face the Pirates again today in their last homp gjapne of the ^e^spn, "^tlj t^e exception of post-season appearance against the White Sox. Neither .the Tigers nor the Indians are scheduled to play today. Tomorrow the Tigers open the final 3-game series in Cleveland, with Bob Feller scheduled to perform first on the mound for the Indians. YESTERDAY’S RESULTS American League Detroit, 10-3; Chicago, 9-2. (First game 10 innings). Cleveland, 4; St, Louis, 2. Washington at New York, rain. Boston at Philadelphia, played previously, - National League Chicago, 2-6; Pittsburgh, 1-4. Cincinnati, 5-3; St. Louis, 0-4. Philadelphia at Boston, rain. Npw York at BrpoWyn, rain.
Riveter Musicians Prepare Modem Band Formations Grooming themselves for the fijrst game of the season, one may hear Purdue’s Marching band rehearsing almost incessantly between 4:00 and 6:00 o’clock on their new practice field just east of Stuart Field. Not only is this the biggest band that has ever entered the Ross-Ade stadium but tlm directors believe it to be the best. > Classy Formations One of the features Saturday will be a formation consisting of a football over which is plac<id a shield in the center of which are the letters “U.S.” Other things of interest to loqk for in the band is a 6 piece sectjlqn of Scotch drums. 'These are drums which are unusually thin. This section is something new in a college marching band. The guidons iViU nlsp present a brilliant pageant of color with their flags which will represent every color of the schools in the Big Ten. Fordham ? Although nothing has been definitely decided, the members of the band have hopes of accompanying the team on its trip east when Purdue meets Fordham. This wiU, of course, depend on the showing, the band gives at the game Saturday. From all app.earnnc.es it should be good. w.h.h. Chicago Cubs, of the National League, have finished in the first diyisipn ayjeyy year in the pasf; years. End of, the yeap 1940 to completion the elementary trails ing of 7(1,000 CAA stndents, whj^ will hold at least a private pile’s license.
Choose fropi Our Large Seleotiou of (UUqaJtm. Qmtke
Priced $5.75 to $25.00
BUY (T NOW • • 4 Neediit Later! Be in Style ... With ALLIGATOI^!
"UNIVERSITY COACHER" fere’s why YDTJ sliould pwn ap Alligator University Coacher: 1. Gumv pnteed waterproof. Won’t crack, fade or deteriorate. 2. Highly styled wi^ sweep. fly.fTpnl, bwMpns? hpge pockets, etc. 3. Because you’u look so smart—and it will keep you so dry and comfortable!
Olbtr AUhrape tojnapqh $S.JSU $MM, Ar DCAIEW EVERYWNflt£ THE AUIGATOR CO.. St. Lowit, Ui. Angctn, New V«ik
ALLIGATOR "Mi/ncooTi m/d be CO us e..,IT’S SURE TO RAIN!
. .d'M■ / ;
\WS: W-: .r' J.«, • 'i Ik, U W
/ /
PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, September 26, 1940
Jimsil^ Judk
Willkie Or Roosevelt? Since Sunday morning Exponent has been conducting a poll on student opinion regarding the national election. On the front page of today’s paper will be found a preliminary count of the ballots which have already been cast. The balloting will continue until Saturday evening and the final results will be published in Sunday morning’s Exponent. ' It was interesting to note that only one out of every seven persons who cast a vote differed in their party affiliations from that of their parents. This is not unusual in yiew of the fact that the majority of the voters were Republican in their affiliations. It was equally interesting to note that only a small percentage of those polled were opposed to a third term. The number polled is too small, however, to draw any conclusions from this fact. The Exponent, unlike many other newspapers in colleges throughout the country, has continued and will continue to maintain its neutrality on the present campaign. But not, as rumor has it, because of the Hatch Act or University pressure. But because the power of the press has been so greatly misused in a great many cities throughout the country by sometimes bigoted and selfish persons and because our voice could-add nothing to the discordant and obnoxious uproar attendent with political campaigns, the Exponent will remain non-committal with regard to party affiliations. We are not criticizing other college dailies who have chosen one or the other of the leading candidates. But we would like to point out that by taking such a stand these papers have necessarily weakened their former unbiased viewpoint with regard to the presentation of news. To be forced to abandon one’s stand on a controversial question is no way signifies weakness but it has been our experience that this does not usually apply to human behavior in politics.
Sophomore Co-eds: All sophomore women interested in working on the residence committee of WSGA please report for the meeting Friday, September 27, at 4 p m. in the WSGA office —FINK.
All Students: Those interested in joining the Purdue Aero-Modelers are invited to attend the meeting Friday, September 27, at 7 "30 p m in room 365 of the Union. —KNIGHT.
Union Music Room Committee: There will be a meeting Thursday, September 26, at 4:15 p m. in the Union office. Committee members are: Worl, Gillespie, Crul, Murrill. Clown, Silva, Hague, Deuster, Jewett and Gehnke —FELLOWS. CARPENTER.
Newman Club: Meeting of the executive council on Thursday, September 26, at 4 :30 p m in room 232 of the Union. —LUERS Wesley Foundation: Steak fry at BattleGrouhd Friday, September 27. Meet at the Foundation House at 4 p. m., 20 cents per person Those furnishing cars get free meal, back in town by "7:30 p. m. —WAGNER.
Radio Guild: Meeting Thursday, September 26, at 7.30 p m. in room 302 of the Union First meeting of the year. —PITTENGER
All Students: Petitions for the offices of assistant business manager and press publicity manager on the Playshop board of directors must be in by noon Friday, September 27 —CARMICHAEL
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29,76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C, F. EbeisboS, 606 Main St. Phone 2779. —da
welcome. Meet in front of Fowler Hall at 1 30 p m If you have a car to assist in transportation, please call 6754 —MAROZICK
Purdue Christian Foundation: Skating paity at Maple Point Friday, September 27, at 10 30 p. m Meet at 126 Chauncey avenue at 10 p m for free transportation —MANGUS
Senior Women: Cord calottes are available Thursday, September 26, at Southworth’s between 3 and 4pm and 6 and 6 P m. —CHANDLER.
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Sept. 26, 7:00 p. m. LATEST DANCES TAUGHT PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6TH & PERRY
Rnss-Rent-A-Car Servicc.’^Cars for hll occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Wanted: Used L. L. slide rule. Call 76064 between 4 and 6.
Underwood portable typewriter, good condition. Reasonable. Apt. No. 6, 11 University St. North side lentrance. Miss Jones.
. Help Wanted: Young man to make beds and clean in exchange for room. Phone 3210, evenings. I Lost: L L. Decitrig Duplex Slide Rule with name A1 D. Croxall. Reward. Call 3063.
Wanted: Alterations, sewing or mending and typing to do. Phone 3740. Lost: Pair shell rimmed glasses in blue case, ^turday, Sept. 21, at Fowler Hall. Wm finder please call Cary Hall South, room 349W. Reward offered. Lost: Diamond engagement ring, women’s restroom. Union Bldg. Return to Union office. Reward.
Double room, single beds, board if desired. Rent paid for a month Mrs G H Gihbs, 215 Sheets St., Phone 36773.
Notices
Mo notieca received offer 6 p. In.
Frosh Tennis:-All freshmen interested in the varsity tennis meet report at 7:30 p. m Thursday, September 26, in the Fieldhouse gym. —LA BREE. Gold Peppers: Refunds for cancelled orders will be made Thursday, September 26 from 5 to 6 p. m. at Sout^orth’s —CHAN JJLiiiiK. Playshop Ticket Salesmen: Please turn in all tickets and money 1 in their ^ssMSion immediately. BEISEL. All Imtheran Students: Lutheran Student’s club IS having an outing on Sunday, September 29. All Lutheran students are
Sojcadj^ (BhamL Qloihsidu FOR MEN Featuring New Fall Styles of ALPAGORA TOPCOATS FINGERTIP REVERSIBLE CAMPUS COATS LEATHER JACKETS SWEATERS
PHONE 2237
316 STATE
yes—YOU CAN VOTE!
f YOU WILL BE OF AGE ON OR BEFORE NOV. 5,1940 YOU WERE IN PURDUE LAST SPRING YOU ARE PROPERLY REGISTERED IN 'TinS COUNTY. Those Registered In Home County Can Re-Register Here and Cancel Original Registration at Home
WHERE TO REGISTER COUNTY CLERK—Room 222, Court House—^Daily 8 to 4, Except Sat. 8 to 12 noon WHliKlE CLUE—^Fowler Hotel—Daily Except Sunday 8:30 a. m. to 9:30 p. m.
Register NOW as October 7th Is the LAST DAY
PURDUE WILLKIE CLUB Branch of Willkie Club of Tippecanoe County FOWLER HOTEL Phone 3880
L. E. Middle, V. L. Higdon, J. Sbbson, P. W. Hohson, F. L. Hopping, J. A. Janisch, Delhert Johnson, F. A. Kalina, Don Kemp, F. Kinder, A. J. Kochlas, I. W. Lumpkin, R. A. Lynch, Jack McGrath, Warren McLane, J. S. McRue, N. E. Marozick, W. G. Miller, R. J. Myers. E. Nordell, J. A. Pedlar, P. L. Petrlch, C. G. Petenza, E. Prohst, M. G. Ragsdale, W. L. Rarick, R. G. Riley, R. Romanowibh, R. W. Schmidt, J. B. Sheldon, B. Silverman, E. B. Skubick, Walter P, Smith. S. 0. Sperling, W. StroyeCk, H. Sutherlin, E. M. Tingley, G. P. Tippy, K. Truax, R. E. Umbaugh, W. C. Walker, G. R. Walter, Jack Wargo, R. J. Winner, J. E. Wunderley, W. G. Yoder, E. B. Young. Police; N. R. Axelrod, Thomas Bailey, Robert Baker, Paul Baumgardt, G. R. Bloomquist, Paul Bohn, Lou Britt, John Cline, John Davisson, J. J. Denzler, Dale Duffin, Richard Dugan, J. A. Edwards, John A. Emmert, Wm. Fields. B. Fisher, Walter Prank, Wayne Galey, A. V. Gaulke, Donald Grant, Robert Harroff, Robert Hase, G. Higgins, Ed Hill, K. Jaynes, Wm. Kashner, R D. Klein, A. Kusko, W. L. Leifheit, J. H. Lux, W. B. McAdams, Keith McLaughlin, P. D. Mitchell, Jim Pechin, J. A. Powell, Charles Rafferty. W. J. Ridgway, N. T. Schmalzreid, G. Shulman, Fred Snively, C. E. Sohl, GleiSn Stockmeier, Wm. Stuart, W. C. Thompson, Jim Tullis, John Uland, Carl Volkman, Gene Voss, Wm. Walker, Dick Wargo, W. J. Waterhouse, Richard Willy, Salyer. Additional ushers are needed. Apply at ticket office in Fieldhouse. —LOMMEL.
YWCA Cabinet; Meeting Thursday, September 26, at 6:80 in the office. Dinner will he served. —BRYANT.
Riding Club: Important meeting Thursday, September 26, at 7:80 p. m. in room 366 of the Union This meeting is important to those wishing to go to Indianapolis. —GRAHAM.
Fratemifr Freshmen: All fraternity freshmen wanting to tryout for Intramural Manager please report to the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. —OLBVETT.
AJl Students: Petitions for the offices of assistant business manager and press publicity manager on the Board of Directors must be in by noon Friday, September 27. —CARMICHAEL.
WAA* Council: Meeting Thuresday, September 26. 7:16 p. m. —WESTOVER. Scabbard and Blade: Meeting Thursday, September 26, at 7:80 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. —^MEESE.
Radio Guild: Meeting Thursday, September 26, at 7:30 p. m. in room 802 of the EE building. First meeting of the year. —PITTENGER.
Activity Bureau Sophomores: Compulsory meeting for all sophomore workers Thursday, September 26, at 4 p. m. in the bureau office. —WALLEY.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, September 26, at 7:80 p. m., in room 282 of the Union. Mr. Ainslee Will speak on “Science and the Bible.” Visitors are welcome. —SMITHv SCA: Meeting will he Thursday, September 26, in room 64 of the Union building. —BROWN.
Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the first semester registration and turned in their time promptly, may get their check by calling at the ^Registrar’s office. —STONE.
Glider Club: Meeting of all members and candidates Thursday, September 26, at 7:80 in room 863 of the Union. —KANE.
Glider Club: Work session Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday afternoons from 8 to 6 at Club Garage on alley behind ’Tucker’s gas station. —KANE.
All Freshman Coeds: Those intending to obtain license to teach PEW must attend meeting in Women’s gymnasium, Thursday, September 26, at 4 p. m. —KNIGH'T.
PA Systems: Open bid for P. A. system for PIA tea dances. Information at the PIA office in the Union. —ELDER.
Senior Mechanicals: Form at 1 p m Saturday, September 28, at 4^e Mechanical Engineering Building for the cord parade Must have 120% turnout to retain the trophy —WIST
Purdue Outing Club: All students are welcomed to a supper hike Friday, September 27 Hikers will leave front of Armory promptly at 6:30 p. m For reservations please call Opal Blagrave, 6765, or Marjorie Ward, 41111, before Friday noon Twenty-five cents will cover cost of supper. —PARKER.
WAA Tennis: Schedule of singles tourney posted in gym. First round must be played off by September 28. —EMHOFF.
Sophomore Color Guards: Report to room 103 in the Armory instead of your organization on your corps day. —BURKHART.
All Sophomore Girls: Those interested in working toward junior positions on WAA Council by doing office work or making posters sign up at Women’s gym, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday, September 26, 26, 27, at 4 p. m. -WESTOVER.
Camera Club: Joint meeting of the Darkroom, the Exhibit, and and the Program committees) Thursday, September 26, (at 7:30 in room 328. All those who signed up for these committees should be present and others are invited. GEPHART.
Football Ushers and Police; Meeting at 4 p. m Thursday, Sept. 26, in West end of the Fieldhouse. The following men will report: Head Ushers: C. W. Messersmith, L. W Thomas, R. S Crog, R. C. Davis, K. S Warren, W. S Hastings, E. E Schnetzler, H. A. Bolz, B J. Funcheon, G. D. Meid, G S Winn, C. O. Moeic, P. A. Wiseman. Ushers: R F. Abell, A Arnold, R. C. Basenfelder, R. A. Blank, G. S. Bradac, J. O Bray, P. J. Carr, R. W. Caison, I. Claseman, R. A. Claseman, V. J Clodfelter, C. R. Coleman, K. Coleman, J B Cooper, I. Daniels, J. Deda Crox, E. W. Dierdorf, J R. Dollens, C. J. Duesler, B T. Fleming, R C Gantz, R O. Grace, R. P. Green, Wm. Hames, F C Hess.
Special Purchase Sale For Students 24 in. Celluloid Lined T Squares $1.25 200 Approved Dissecting Sets $1.19 1000 Pads Form 2 Biology Paper 29c 1000 Pads Form 4 Biology Paper y/f. 29c 3x5 Index Cards 150 in Package 10c Shinola Shoe Shine Kits '.....29c Large Desk Blotters 3 for 5c 5000 y% Pound Note Book Fillers Regular Price 10c j 2 for 15c 2000 3 hole 9^4 x 6 Stiff Back Note Books 15c 2000 Reams Yellow Paper 23c 500 Laboratory Aprons 39c 300 Laundry Cases 89c 25,000 Manila Report Covers 20 for 25c BUY YOUR COLLEGE SUPPLIES HERE AND SAVE (We Always Sell for Less) PURDUE STORE 5- 10-25 - $1.00 up Next to Bartlett's in the Village
The Coffee Shop for Quality Foods-
! ft
i :
la The Coffee Shop the food is prepared in clean, modem kitchens. The menus are planned by a staff of expert dieticians. Their efficiency enables The Coffee Shop to bring you quality food at moderate prices.
PWldlUL TYlerntfuaL lAnu>vL
The Corner of the Campus-^ Yet the Center of Activities
a
it'
.u
It
114
411