Today^s News In Brief 'This Thing Caiied love^Opens Before Audience Of 500 Opening before an audience of over 500, Playsliop last night presented a harem-scarem married life drama, “This Thing Called Love.” The third opus of the school year, the play will be re-enacted on the Eliza Fowler Hall stage this evening at 7 ;30. President EiiioH Speaks At C. Of C. Dinner President E. C. Elliott last night told 600 guests at the annual Lafayette Chamber’uf Commerce dinner of his sojourn in the Philippines, and of the historic spots of interest he encountered during his jourhey. Dr. Elliott commented on the fact that in his opinion no other countries compare with
our own.
Jimmie lunceford To Piay This Saturday's Mixer Ace band leader Jimmie Lunceford and his nationally known colored orchestra will play Saturday evening in the Union ballroom for the regular mixer. A free jam session from 7 to 8 o’clock will precede the dance. Dr. Louis L. Menu To Lead Sunday Convocation Dr. Louis L. Mann, rabbi of the Sinai Congregation, Chicago, will speak at next Sunday’s religious convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall on “Civilization at the Crossroads.” He will be introduced by Dr. E. C. Elliott,- who will make his first appearance before the student body since his trip to Jthe Philippines. Many Opportunities in Activities, Says Editor Exponent’s Managing Editor gives his views and opinions on the present student activity situation, and reviews the opportunities for ambitious, activity-minded freshmen and upperclassmen. Seven Men To Represent Purdue In lilinois Relays Purdue will be represented by seven stalwart Boilermakers at -the Illinois Relays Saturday, headed by Steve Gutting, outstanding hurdler. Many athletes of national fame will compete in the Relays, with 40 universities sending nearly 500 contestants to this 16th annual indoor relay carnival. WAA To Throw Doors Open To Public At Open Hou% Tomorrow evening, the general public will get its first opportunity to view the newly redecorated Women’s Gymnasium at the WAA Open House, from 7:30 until 9:00 p. m. An interesting formal program featuring co-ed athletic activities has been arranged. Lunceford To Swing At Mixer Jazz master Jimmie Lunceford, leading his colored orchestra in new arrangements of the popular melodies, will be the feature atti’action at the regular mixer Saturday night. With trumpets that can sob or blast with proficiency, saxaphones that easily slide up, down, and around the scale, and drums that pound out mysterious and enticing rhythms, Lunceford’s aggregation has become a favorite with lovers of jazz and swing. The mixer, lasting from 9 to 12, will be preceded by a swing session, from 7 to 8, allowing true followers of melody and rhythm to hear Jimmie’s interpretation of the latest songs. The regular charge of one dollar per couple will be made for
the mixer.
Although most of the men in his company qualify as soloists, the distinctive features of the orchestra are the mood and tempo of its arrangements. Lunceford’s arrangements are varied, patterned after Ellington, Armstrong, or Goodman;
Purdue Exponent
Jimmie Lunceford interest lies in their lack of medi-
/
ocrity. Latest plans for the dance display a backdrop in the form of a huge, distorted musical scale.
Lieutenant Rhodes To Show New Crafts Class In...
Movies On U.S. Coast Guard
Lieutenant E. K. Rhodes, of the Chicago, III., Coast Guard, will give an illustrative talk on the “United States Coast Guard” in Fowler Hall at 4:30, February 22nd. He will show sound movies of the activities of the Coast Guard in their various duties. ,
THURSDAY
Febraary 16« 1939
Lcdayette< Indiana
Vol.50
No, 115
WAA to Hold Open Rabbi L. L. Mann To House Tomorrow Talk At Convocation;
Elliott Will Appear
... in basket weaving, sweater knitting, making shepherd’s pipes and other hand work will start at the Wesley Foundation tomorrow evening. The class will be from 7 to 8. Skilled teachers will give instructions to every one interested. Material will be furnished at a small charge. Future classes will be held at the convenience of those who at-
tend.
Students, faculty members, and townspeople will inspect the Women’s Gymnasium at the WAA Open House tomorrow evening from 7:30 to 9 o’clock. It will be the first opportunity for the general public to see redecorated Memorial Gymnasium. ■ * Prof. Helen W. Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women, has planned an interesting informal program for the open house. Events are scheduled as follows: from .7:30 to 8, demonstrations of fencing, badminton, shuffleboard and ping pong will be in progress; formation and swimming demonstrations by Triton Club, one at 7:40 and the other at 7:66; at 8:06, a volleyball game between two varsity teams; at 8:30, (Continued on page 4) New Puttering Room Opened To Artists In Tower Of Union Puttering Room, a new activity for the artistically minded student, opened yesterday in the tower room of the Union. It will be open every morning, afternoon, and evening from now on and will provide work in charcoal and pencil sketching, pastel work, painting, water and oil colors, clay modeling, linoleum blocks, and soap carving, according to Robert Parks, director. The purpose of the new addition to activities is to enable students and faculty members to relax and enjoy themselves in spare time. It is free and all are welcome. There will be no charge for material except for leather and metal substances, and producers will be given the right to keep their finished pro-
duct.
The room is equipped with large work tables and easel benches along with otTier necessary material. Favors Will Feature First Jefferson Hop Unveiling a new series of fraternity formal dances, the members of Phi Gamma Delta and Phi Kappa Psi fraternities will swing Saturday night to “sterling music by Sterling Young” in their inaugural Jefferson Hop, so called because both fraternities were founded at old Jefferson College, now Washington and Jefferson College. Preceding the dance the juniors and seniors will have dinner at their respective houses while the freshmen and sophomores will eat in the faculty lounge of the Union. The dance will be held in Lincoln Lodge from 9 till 12. Crested favors will be presented to the girls. Maestro Young features a distinctive style of smooth, rhythmic music, coupled with innumerable turns and tricks. He excels as a violin player and is also known for his trumpet playing.
Making his first appearance before the student body since his re- , turn from the Philippines last week President Edward C. Elliott will introduce the speaker at next Sunday’s Religious Convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall, Dr. Louis L. Mann, rabbi, Sinai Congregation, Chicago, who will speak on “Civilization at the Crossroads.” This will be a “first” day for both men, as Dr. Mann has never appear at a religious convocation on this campus before, although he has spoken at many other colleges. President Elliott made his last appearance when he addressed the new freshman class on their arrival here Saturday, September 10. One week later he and Mrs. Elliott left for Manila, Philippine Islands. Dr. Mann is a noted educator, author, and lecturer. He lectured for several years on comparative ethics at Yale and is at present connected with the University of Chicago as professor of Oriental languages. He is also a frequent contributor to literary and religious journals and is a member of thesBoard of Trustees of the Jewish Publication Society of America. 'Don't Visit Friends In Hospital With Flu,' Advises Miller “Local hospitals have been asked to prohibit students visiting with flu victims in order to more effectively halt the spread of the disease,” stated S. J. Miller, head of the Student Health Service, last night. Although the number of new cases has not increased much over yesterday’s number, I think we are getting some infection because of visiting in sick rooms,” Miller said. He also advised all students to stay away from public gatherings as much as possible and to get plenty of sleep. The smallpox scare seems to be about over, since there have been no new cases since the first two; Dr, Miller attributed this to the large number of vaccinations, which totals well over 2,000, with 100 additional ones yesterday. 76 Companies Hand In Bids For Buildings Seventy-six companies handed in bids on the equipment and furnishings for the new men’s and women’s residence halls and the chemical and metallxirgical engineering buildings yesterday at a special meeting of the University Board of Trustees, announced President Elliott. It will be several days before the bids are tabulated, analyzed, and the contracts let.
Playshop Portrays Dizzy Married Life Amid one of the most harem-scarem love affairs ever staged, Playshop presented “This Thing Called Love” in Fowler Hall last night before an appreciative audience of over 500. Proving that it is easier to buy inarriage than love, Ann Marvin played by Ruth Bennett, and Tice Collins, portrayed by Robert Schwomeyer, presented the fact in no uncertain manner.
The play will be presented again Dr. Elliott Speaks At Annual Chamber Of Commerce Banquet
Over 600 people listened last night to Edward C. Elliott, president of the University, tell of his observations on his recent sojourn in the Philippines. The occasion was the annual Chamber of Commerce dinner in the ballroom of the Union Building, with President Elliott as honored guest. Other guests of the dinner were 17 4-H girls and boys, representatives of Tippecanoe county in the recent International Livestock Exposition in Chicago, and their par-
ents.
Belittles Compliments ' President Elliott, after expressing his great pleasure on his return to Lafayette, proceeded to belittle the many favorable comments directed his way by the preceding speakers. “I have been lucky all my life,” said Dr. Elliott, “especially in my friends. You have given me proof that my luck still holds by your presence here tonight,” Dr. Elliott-commented on the fact that of all places he had seen, none compared with our own country. In mentioning his trip around the entire world, he stated that his chief interest was not in the scenic and historic spots but rather in the human beings that he observed. Other Speakers Other speakers on the program included H. H. Horner, retiring president of the Chamber of Commerce and C. G. Ball, the new president, David Ross, Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the University and Henry W, Marshall also gave brief talks. Judge W. L. Parkinson was the toastmaster. During the early part of the program, the guests were entertained with a few selections by the University Glee Club, under the direction of Albert P, Stewart. Pi Kappa Phi... . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of R. W. Raney, freshman from Chicago and R. L. Vogt, freshman from Canton, O.
this evening in Eliza Fowler Hall with the curtain rising at 7:30, Married because of their love for one another, Harry Bertrand played by Robert Hettema and Florence Bertrand played by Mary Alice Miller lived together for a year and then agreed to a divorce because of jealousy of one another. Living together because it was the proper thing for married people to do Dolly and Fred Garrett acted out by Margaret Magley and,Lewis Morrison seemed to be very indifferent about the whole thing. Dolly made their marriage a success because she read the encyclopedia and could talk intelligently on fungis growth!
Funny Thing Love
After being married on a business basis for almost three months Ann and Tice discovered that they were ■ really in love -with one another, and the only sensible thing to do was to live as husband and wife. It was
(Continued on page 4)
Varsity Debate Team Meets Xavier Today Purdue’s aflSrmative debate team, composed of M. K. Kamowsky and Dick Springgate, will meet the Xavier University negative team this afternoon at 2 o’clock in the West Lafayette High School auditorium. The subject to be debated will be “Resolved: That the United States should cease the use of public funds including credit, for the purpose of
stimulating business.”
Last Tuesday, the affirmative team met the Marquette University affirmatives. The debate this afternoon will be a non-decsion debate as was the one 'Tuesday. Professor P. E. Lull is in charge
of the teams.
Leading Pianists Will Play Sunday Miss Ruth Jamison and Mrs. C.
Haven Smalley, two of Lafayette’s best known pianists, will pro-vide the program for Sunday afternoon's regular 4 o’clock music room program. Also on the progfrahi will be Mrs. H. M. James who will sing the vocal of “The 'Trout.” She -will be
accompanied by Mrs. Smalley. The Lark-Horovitz string quar-
tet will finish the program. The quartet is composed of Miss Thelma Thrasher, violin; Marshall Howenstein, cello; Robert Phillips, double bass; and Dr. K. Lark-Horoyitzj,
viola.
Many Opportunities Open To Freshmen In Activities
/
Editor’s Note: This is ohe of a group of informative articles pertaining to activities open to ambitious freshmen and underclassmen. Monday, February 20, at 4 p. m. in Fowler Hall, a general informative meeting will be held to be followed by a call by various organizations for freshman workers. Student publications annually absorb more than one hundred activity minded eds and co-eds from the 'freshman ranks. It is necessary that these students learn certain fundamentals as freshmen in order to assume greater responsibilities in following years. Though there is no competitive election for sophomore positions, experience and acquaintances gained are of much value to the student interested in gaining some education from student activities.
Scope and possibilities of student publications are gradually increasing. Brief discussions are given here, not as sales talks for the organizations represented, but for general edification. General information may be secur.ed by consulting the Activity Chart, issued earlier in the year by the Activity Bureau. All freshmen desiring to enter activities'must have “a" scholastic index of 3,5 or better. Most of these activities award keys. PURDUE EXPONENT . . . . . . will have a few more openings for freshmen on three staffs—editorial, sports, and business. Work on either of the first two staffs will be in writing copy, editing it, writing heads, and following some of the mechanics of newspaper publi-
cation such as proof reading, makeup, etc. Work on the business staff may be sales, circulation, accounting, promotional, or art work. To come out for any Exponent staff, the freshman should have some desire to write and learn something about a newspaper or should desire actual, factual business experience. Editorial freshmen work one or two evenings a week from 4 to 9 or 10 p. m. Business staff freshmen work four or five nights a week from 4 to 6 p, m. Advancement after the sophomore year is by election on a merit basis. DEBRIS ... .. . student yearbook, will soon call for 26 freshmen for the editorial staff and even a larger number for the business staff. Business staff
men will be initiated immediately into sales work, taking specific territories and checking on Debris sales. Good ideas are wanted on both business and' editorial staffs. Positions are open to all University freshmen who meet grade requirements and are interested. Advance is progressive with elections being held starting at the end of the sophomore" year. There are 14 " junior and four senior jobs toward which aspiidng freshmen may shoot. PURDUE ENGINEER . . . ... monthly scientific and engineering student magazine, will haveplaces for 10 freshmen as well as a few sophomores. Workers are required to be engineers and sophomores should have had some journalistic training. Freshmen will devote four to six
hours a week to writing and routine office work. From the ranks of the sophomores, 12 junior office holders are elected, and from them, five seniors are chosen. PURDUE AGRICULTURIST , . . . . . offers opportunity for editorial or business experience to any agricultural htudent. Freshmen will write "some short articles, help sell subscriptions, and assist generally in the publication of 1,500 copies monthly. Attendance is optional and progress is made in accordance to the qj^ntity and quality of work. Workers are advanced, UTfespective of class to any jobs, except the three senior positions. PURDUE INDEPENDENT . , . . . . official organ of the Purdue Independent Association, comes out
16 times a year on alternate Mondays and has a , circulation of 2,600* Similar, though not as extensive in organization as the Exponent^ the Independent offers experience in editorial or business staffs in any of their ramifications. The freshman staff, particularly editorial, works on alternate Wednesdays .^ p? Adyspepmsot is, made by years as experience qualifies. About 20 freshmen will be needed. PURDUE PHARMACIST .., . . , publishing six magazines each year with a circulation of 1,800, offers outlet for the journalistic effort of interested pharmacy students. Work and staff is similar to other magazines mentioned and the freshmen work from 4 to 6 in the afternoon.'"if
£diJt&daL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
JiOfltllhOA.
Thursday, February 16,1939
Judging From...
. . . student comment Purdue fans have had a taste of four things at recent Fi.eldhouse basketball games which they have liked very much ... and which they want more of. First of these, of course, is Big Ten victory which is always a most popular commodity. The second, third and fourth items concern us more today, however. These items are band music, Purdue cheers, and between-the-half entertainment. The battle between the band and the cheer leaders has caused considerable comment lately, but the question could probably be solved very easily. We suggest that Stubby Meier talk it over.with “Spots” Emrick and arrange for the bands and the cheer leaders to take turns utilizing the time-out periods. Undoubtedly, the crowd would like more cheers. K they are to be crowded in, however, they must be done quickly and smoothly, since the available time is limited. It might be wise for the cheerleaders to have signs made to announce their yells. As it is done now, too much time is consumed in identify ing the cheers through the megaphones. "** “Let’s have the band play peppier and faster music,” clamor large numbers of students. Some even ask for popular music. We have heard Purdue’s band play some mighty peppy music without going into the popular song field, and we’re inclined to believe they would do well to stay away from that tyx)e of music. Big Ten songs, the old stand-by, “Field Artillery March,” and similar pieces would better suit the occasion. We heartily second the motion for livelier music, however. Nobe Kizer’s innovations, such as the ping pong match at the Wisconsin game and the fiag raising ceremonies, have met with instant favor. We’d be seriously disappointed now if we went to a game and missed seeing more such ex;tra attractions. Gimlet Club Members... ... are considering sponsoring a pep session on the Friday Inight before the Michigan basketball game. They hope to get Reamers and Skull and Crescent in on it and have a rally similar to the regular football sessions. Members of the team, coaches, and alumni will probably be enlisted to make pep talks, and the cheer leaders will get a real chance for a work out.
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Consress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postase proylded for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised Jannary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday daring the reKular academic year and weekly dnrins the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 i>er year, mail subscription 88.60.
Editor-In-Chief.. - Business Manager
H. 1. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Manaeintr BdItor_ L. 8. StasdiB City Editor D. A. BaUey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Honstqm R. E. Insley. W. A. Kroeplin', D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
Assistant BuMne
BUSINESS STAFF
I Manayer„
Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager —
Sales Manager..
National Advertising Manager^ Accounts Manager. Art Director
.......JUL C. Beeves M. Antonini W. F. Berg .V. Daugherty H. W. Nevin .W. B. Smith „D. J. Hennlnger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor^
Associate Editors..
-.Bally McKee ..Joy Johnson.
Georgeann StAiUing, Betty Wiekard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Elditors .-.-...—...J. A. Hebbelerv R. Jenkins, B. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phono 4006, ask for Exiwnent Offleo
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phono 8088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhonse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College 'Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE. New York, N. Y. • CHICAGO ' BOSTON ■ LOS ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AR opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student wi^ ions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-dilef.
Night Editor—^Woodson Issue Editor—Howard Thursday, February 16, 1939
With good student backing this pep session should be able to go a long way in building up spirit for the Michigan game on Saturday and the Indiana game which follows on Monday. We hope the Gimlets and the other athletic booster honoraries can ; carry this through, because pep sessions should work just as well for basketball as they do for football.
Personnel Notes
Company: Ingersoll-Rand Company, 11 Broadway, New York, N. y. Products: Compressed air equipment, diesel engines, heavy machinery. Representative: J. H. Dillon, technic^ personnel director. Visiting Purdue: Thursday and Friday, February 16 and 17. Interviewing: Senior ME and EE students interested in sales engineering or design work. Interested in students in upper quarter of class and active in student affairs, imless earning expenses. Literature available in main offices of ME and EE schools. Those interested should sign up thSre. Company: Caterpillar Tractor Company, Peoria, 111. Products: Tractors, road machinery and engines. Representative: K. P. Crowell, a factory training manager. Visiting Purdue: Thursday, February 16. Interviewing: Senior ME (industrial), EE, ChE’s. Two-year train-
Values Worth Looking Into
Stationery SELLING AT 1/2 PRICE ALL COLORS, STYLES AND TEXTURES SOUTHIUORTH'S
ing course offered in production departments and laboratories. Seniors interested sign up in main office of school concerned. Company: Sears Roebuck and Company, Chicago, 111. Representative: George M. Southworth, Personnel Dept. Visiting Purdue: Monday, February 20. Interviewing: Science seniors specializing in economics and business. Science and engineering seniors interested in merchandising. Employment: Training in various branches to qualify employee for assignment in retail and mail order units or in general offices. Seniors who qualify and who are interested, sign up in main office of school. Company: Bastian Brothers Co., of Rochester, N. Y. Manufacturers of jewelry for high schools and colleges. (Capitalization: $1,600,000). Employement: Sales positions open later in year in Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri for salesmen. Company finances new salesmen. “Bastian salesmen after establishing themselves in a territory
ARC
earn as much as $7,600 in eight months, which is the average yearly working period in this business.” Seniors who are interested in sales work for this company should write directly to: J. H. Mahoney, Secretary, immediately. A personal interview will be arranged.
The third in the current series of lectures on “How to Secure Employment After Graduation” will be presented next Tuesday, February 21, at 4:00 p. m. in the lecture room of the EE Building. The series is being sponsored by the University Placement Committee. Professor Alan Monroe, head of the speech department, will give a demonstration' of “How to Interview «n Employer.”
TODAY THRU SAT.
— and — -t— GENE AUTRY
ALSO —
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE A NEW ANGLE ON LOVE ..and try to fi^afunniy one!
..... wifh GLORIA STUART PLUS- MICHAEL WHALEN FIGHTS AND DAMES! The Battle-cry of the Marines Hold On to Your Sweethearts Here Comes the Leathernecks I with
arefler^
— with — GORDON OLIVER JUNE TRAVIS EXTRA! DONALD DUCK CARTOON
Bold ct/yvd Black TOO MUCH: Any girl is proud of receiving a corsage for Valentine’s Day—^but someone tell TONY FRADO it is quite unnecessary to make a public menace of herself just to show the carnations . . . nothing like parading through the Union foF two long hours ... one day should have ended it but it didn’t . . . she was going* just as strong yesterday . . .enough is enough, TONY! » —::— Holy cats I ... went to class today . . . discovered I had a conflict!— H. M. TVHO? Tryin’ to impress the girl friend? Just don’t send roses with no pedigree attached . . . MARY BEKO’S secret admirer sent such . . . only maybe the gal is giving credit to someone else . . . credit’s not due! Bad policy, friend... money wasted . . . BILL. ATTENTION: Bold and Black hns a new policy . . . this is your column! Send in new ideas. Several good suggestions have been made ... we’re willing to use new ideas if they’re good. STUFF: Remember the Click Click Club? That what NORTH plays the role of “Jesse James” in! Seems there was a meeting held last night . . . haven’t looked to see if the chandelier is still up!—^P Wee. POINTS: Cacky Davis . . . 1,000 cute curls. Sully Mason . . . ivory soap add. Westie . . . gorgeous eye-lashes. Hugh Scott and Bobby McEwen . . . stunning couple. Howard Eanouse ... swell dancer . . . Astaire the second. Gordie Matthews ... perfect gentleman. Ellen Kepner... attractive smile. Jim Ogden . . . cute jitterbug. Mae Simms . . . red nails. Marty Mathes . . . crooked hose seams. —Poopdeck Pappy.
LU^ TOMORROW-FRIDAY SATURDAY
ZFieSfRUIIiTS
SHICKS! DeteeHV is 9a$| as pie. All jfou do is ketch the crimlnal.M
A Paramount Picture with || DOnAlD O’cb'NNOR
— and*
fSniifi mesobiteers
thePURPU
“Oh, come on, there’s plenty of room—^this rink has a seating capacity of 2,0001”
LOST: ....Bob . . . your letter from KATIE (Washington babe) was found by a worthy fellow-student. Inside facts kept secret . . . will give letter up upon riequest. Suggestion: don’t let her fool you about dreaming about a little house with a garden and a wedding ring ... steer clear! —J.W. TOUGH! The new Pi Phi house isn’t going to have a fire escape . . . the walls are fireproofed . . . good point . . . but how will the gals scale the wall at 3 a. m. ? ? Still, the Alpha Chis don’t seem to be troubled . . that’s the advantage of French windows, eh gals ? ? ? —Stubby. GLOOM: Too bad JANE FLEGG has to follow my very footsteps ... doesn’t she know JACKIE NICHOLSON has my pin? ? Oh well, such is the
life of a popular man there’s life there’s hope
where
-R. B.
FISH: ED PITZ ... how many years will you have to spend at Purdue before you learn that all the fish on the campus aren’t hooked by co-eds ? ? RUTH may dish out steaks at the down the hill but her heart belongs to daddy! —^Roomie.
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis J. SPERB 822 Main
HELD OVER! Thru Saturday By Popular Demand
TYRONE POWER HENRY FONDA NANCY KELLY Randolph scon HiRq Hull Slim Sunnervilli I. UwarA Bramliirs Briaa DmUavi
Today-Friday-Saturday AMMETU
From flaming headlines...from deep-buried goverament secrets ■" on the crooked montbpiece racket!
preuntf
mSBARRQi
wl»h """Pi
Gkll PATfilCKROBERT PRESTON OTTO KRUGER
Chttt ol
2 DAYS ONLY TODAY - FRI.
MARS
—SATURDAY—ON THE STAGE— “NIGHTS OVER MIAMI” PAULA STONE—In Person with Duke Dingley and Orchestra 5 BIG TIME VAUDEVILLE ACTS■p
• r i't ^
(fC
fhiit8d<iy« FdiMmdTy 1939
THE FUBDUE
Spo^dA
EXPONENT
Riveter Golden Glovers Fare Well In Boxing Tournament
H. K. Krick Paces Ward 9 To Victory In MdsuA^
Ward Swimming Meet; Cary Hall 8 Is 2nd QhoisJL
Intramural Schedule
TODAY
With H. K. Krick garnering 15 of his team’s 25 points last night in the Fieldhouse swimming pool, Ward 9 captured first place in the annual ward aquatic meet as Cary Hall 8 and Ward 12 finished in the respective order of second and third.
Krick won first places in'the 100yard breast stroke and back strokes and fancy diving, and third place in the 100-yard free style to pace his mates to victory. C. A. Siler, Cary Hall 8, took over the rnnnerup honors with 10 1-4 points and
Heir grabbed 10 points.
Siler and Herr tied for first place in the 100-yard free style in the time of 67.4. The former won top honors in the 100-yard breast stroke and the latter captured the 50-yard
free style .
The Cary Hall team, which tallied 16 points, beat out Cary Hall 7 in the 200-yard relay with a time of 1:69. Ward 12, who finished third, was awarded six points.
Court 1—Smithson 7 00—HI vs H
7 -16—A1 vs. A8. .
8 25—B1 vs. B3 8 -40—01 vs C3 Court 2—Kurtz 7 00—D1 vs. D3. 7:16—El vs. E3. 8 26—PI vs. F8. 8:40—SI vs. S8. Court 3—^Aronson 7 00—H2 vs H4 7 16—A2 vs A4 8 -26—B2 vs. B4 8 40—C2 vs C4. Court 4—^Witsman 7 -00—D2 vs. D4. 7 .16—E2 vs. E4 8 .26—F2 vs. F4 8 40—SI vs S4.
Intramural department rules that members of the Freshman Varsity are inelignble for this tournament. BAOs see the Director (Military) reference this condition.
ALIE“* scHnnL m vmMmm€k LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS Wednesday, Feb. 22, 7:30 p.m. ADVANCED CLASS OPENS ^Thursday, Feb. 23, 7:30 p.m. ENRQLL NOW PHONE 2150
Do you tire of the same kind of food every day? When you eat in the Union Cafeteria your meals are planned by a Trained Director who makes possible your well-balanced diet of Fresh, Wholesome Food JhL PjjUvdwL TIlsmufdaL limofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
By Bruce Witwer Tuesday’s track meet with Indiana saw several men, taking part for Purdue who never tried out in a particular event until then ... a typical picture of preparation for the meet would be track managers running around the Fieldhouse asking the trackmen if they could high jump . . . they had a time getting enough men to fill out some of the team events. —fc— The new point scoring idea turned out to be a Frankenstein monster as Purdue didn’t have enough depth of strength to cash in on its own innovation ... we would have probably made a better point showing if the meet had been scored with the regular system. —^fc— Looking over some Fieldhouse statistics we see that Cecil Isbell is the only player who has ever succeeded in punting a football to the roof of the Fieldhouse ... since the new athletic plant came into operation, the participation in intramural sports has increased 80 per cent. —^fc— Not all athletes end up as coaches or managers of restaurants .... Charles Popejoy, Purdue track and cross-country captain of 1934, has been graduated from the John Marshall Law School in Chicago with honors . . . Popejoy’s name graces the list of Purdue track records which is on the east wall of the Fieldhouse.
Riveters Will Play Indianapolis Club In Water Polo Match As a final tuneup for the dual meet with Chicago here Saturday, Purdue will play an exhibition water polo match with the Indianapolis Athletic Club here tonight at 8 o’clock. The Indianapolis ,delegation will be led by A. F. (Bud) Hook, former Boilermaker star. For the Boilermakers, Coach Larry LaBree intends to start Lahey, Armstrong, and Liming at forward; Carr, Graham, and Jacobi at guard, and Holier at goal. Harris, Siler, and Mauck will be available as substitutes. Fencers Prepare For Chanute Field Officers The Boilermaker fencing squad IS woi'king out daily in the Fieldhouse after their defeat last Saturday by Chicago in preparation for the match against the officers of Chanute Field here this Friday.
Bacharach, Bradley, Dilfs, And Others . Win As Gloves Field Is Reduced To 32 Knockouts and close decisions featured the fourth program of the 1939 Golden Gloves tourney last night in the Lafayette Armory as the Boilermaker boxers came through the bouts practically unscarred.
The results of the bouts in which the Purdue team participated were as follows: 135-Pound Class Bill Bradley, Purdue, decisioned James Daytona, Lafayette. Johnny Burks, Monon, won over John Pyle\ Purdue, on a technical knockout in first round. Clyde Hall, of Crawfordsville, knocked out Gerald Marson, Purdue, in third round. Bill Bradley, Purdue, decisioned Tim Stuart, Attica. 147 Pound diass Lewis Payne, Lafayette CCC, decisioned Paul Kaffaber, Purdue. 160-Pound Class Allen Dilts, Purdue won over Edmund Puetz, Ambia, on sc technical knockout at the end of the first round. Joe Benna, West Lafayette, decisioned Homer Williams, Rensselaer.
Steve Bacharach, Purdue, knocked out Owen Sweazey, Lafayette CCC, in first round. Allen Dilts, Purdue, won over Arthur Fairfield, Lebanon, on a technical knockout at the end of the first round. 112-Pound Class Avery Fultz, Purdue, knocked out Wesley Hutson, Covington, in the first round. 118-Pound Class John Threlfall, Purdue, decisioned Jack Zapp, West Lafayette. 126-Poimd Class Kenneth Mulholland, of Purdue, knocked out James Kidd, Lafayette
CCC.
175-Wund Class Kenneth Lord, Pui-due, decisioned Bob Wright, Lafayette. Lawrence Lyles, Purdue, knocked out Jack Ellis, Crawfordsville, in
first round.
Seven Riveter Thinlies To Run In Illinois Relays Gutting Heads Boilermaker Ouifif Outslanding Athletes Will Perform
Headed by Steve Gutting, outstanding hurdler who recently tied the world record for the 60-yard high hurdles, Purdue will be represented at the Illinois Relays next Saturday by a delegation of seven men, according to tentative plans announced by Coach Her-
mon Phillips.
Among the headlined events is the —
1,500 meter run in which Capt. Greg Rice of Notre Dame, present carnival champion and record holder, will defend his title against Mel Trutt, Indiana; Rosy Southworth, Butler; John Munski, Missouri; Ralph H. Schwarzkoph, Michigan; and Art
Bodeau, Purdue.
Stars
Among the stars entered are Bill
Formal Wear
T
Full Dress in Midnight Blue Hand Jtailored, with Drape Shoulders— Grasgrain Lapels and Buttons JU
Reduced Prices on Tuxedos
Single Breasted Values to $22.50
Now Ml
.95
Double Breasted
(Midnite Blue)
Values to $22.50
Now MP
ACCESSORIES Dress Shirts, $2.00 up Dress Vests, $3.50 up Dress Bows, $1.00 Stud Sets, 1.00 up 500 MAIN ST. — nriStf^ * it" CLOTHES SHOP INC.
Watson, shot put and broad jump champion; Elmer Gedeon, high hurdles champion; Wei Allen, high jumper of Michigan; Ed Beinor, in the shot put, Notre Dame; Harley Howells and Bob Lewis, sprinters
from Ohio State.
Other title contenders will be Wilbur Greer, sprinter from Michigan State; Elmer Hackney, national collegiate shot put champion, Kansas State; John Davenport, Big Ten sprint champion, Chicago, and Bob Diefenthaler, high jumper, Illinois. Michigan looks strong in the medlay relay, headed by Schwarzkopf and including Hayes, 440, and Davidson, half miler, with Wisner, a sophomore, running the three-quar-
ter lap.
Michigan’s two-mile team of Clarke, Leuritritz, Hogan, and Jester has neared 7:50 in workouts. Trutt is the only runner left from Indiana’s champion two-mile quartet. Notre Dame, Butler and Purdue, Iowa State, Drake, and Kansas will be contenders, . Ohio State Strong Ohio State, holder of the mile relay record of 3:30.4, has a stellar quartet with Howells and Sulaman, veterans, and Pagel and Lewis as replacements. Michigan, Marquette with Indiana are most likely to give the Buckeyes trouble.
The central states’ outstanding athletes will be included in a field of nearly 500 contestants who will represent 40 universities and colleges in the 16th annual indoor relay carnival at the University of Hlinois Armory next Saturday afternoon and night at Cham-
paign, 111.
In addition to Gutting, who will run in both the 75 yard high hurdles and low hurdles, Phillips expects to enter Both Allen “Red” ShacMeton and Stephen Luther in the special 300-yard dash.
Relay Teams The Boilermaker relay entries will depend upon last minute developments, At the present time, Phillips is considering the four-mile relay which will be run as four-man team race, along with the two-mile and medley events, and will probably enter combinations in two out of the three events. In the event that the Boilermaker enter the mile-team race, the combination will be composed of Bodeau, Knapp, Holderman, and Marozick. For the two-mile relay, Phillips will use the same foursome, but the medley will find either Shackleton or Luther running the quarter-mile; Bodeau the half-mile; Knapp the three-quarters, and Holderman the mile.
Michigan established a new record in the shuttle hurdles relay last year and with Gedeon and Kelly in form again will be formidable. Indiana and Notre Dame will be the main contenders.
ANNOUNCING-
THE OPENING OF NEW RESIDENTIAL OFFICE 460 NORTHWESTERN AVENUE, W. L. 11 A. M. TO 12:30 DAILY. 7 p. Ml. tO 8 WEDNESDAY Office Hours at 317 Lafayette Ufa Bldg., 1 P. M. to 4 Daily, Except Thursday and Sunday. 7 P. M. to 8 Saturday, Sunday and Other Evenings by Appointment C. H. ROMMEL, Physician and Svrc^on
EVERY MAN’S LffiRARY —SPECIAL SALE—
59c 3 for ^
5 for ^2-^^
2 for ^1-^^ 4 for ^1-74 6 for ®2’^^
Build your own library of the world’s best books. SOUTHWORTH'Sit ' r
AjoxL (Ml,
THE PUBDTJE EXPONOn
TtoikaA.
Thursday, February 16,1939
Playshop Portrays Dizzy--(Continued from page 1)
only a short time after their agreement to live sensibly that Harry found his wife talking to Normie Dewit, played by Richard Fink, and soon afterward Floi'ence heard that Harry had been keeping company ^vith Miss Alvarez, enacted by Pat Potter, and their contented home immediately became filled with hatred and jealousy. Married Again Only a few weeks elapsed when the Bertrands came to visit “the perfect home” of Ann and Tice, and announced that they were to again be remarried as soon as their present divorce became legal. While they wei'e still there Normie appeared drunk and with a pistol. Ann, although supposedly having lost the love for her husband, shielded him from the gun of Normie and as the pistol fired received only a very slight hand injury. It took a frightening act such as this to prove that everyone was correctly married and really loved their mate. Dumary, the butler, was played by Seymore Udell. His courtesy and desire to please his mistress made him an outstanding servant. Mary Jane Carr played the part of Mane the maid and did her share by serving the cookies.
WAA To Hold Open(Continued from page 1)
two other demonstrations, tumbling and modern dance, will be given. The volleyball teams who will play for the benefit of guests at the open house were chosen from the outstanding players on the class teams. June Spry will captain the Black team; Pauline Swick, volley ball chairman, will Captain the Gold. The team rosters are as follows: Black—J. Spry, J. Shaffer, E. Maier, M. Clymer, M. Kennedy, B. Spears, D. Holden, E. Kirkoif, and M. Smith. Gold—P. Swick, R. Swift, E. Harrison, E. Westover, L. Heiser, C. Ade, M. Butz, M. Johnson, and B. Smith. Wrestlers Face Chicago, Armour, Friday, Saturday Return meets with Chicago and Armour Tech to take place in Chicago on Friday and Saturday nights respectively, will furnish a busy week-end for Coach Claude Reeck’s wrestling squad.
Engineers To Hear V» BAA
Howland Thursday
... 3 Air— The Voice of Purdue"
Professor W. E. Howland will address a joint meeting of the engineering honoraries and societies Thursday evening, February 16 at 7:30 in the faculty lounge on “Engineering and Liberalism.” The address will be the second in a series of lectures on the history of engi-
neering.
Dean R. G. Dukes was the first speaker on the series. These lectures are not restricted to members of the engineering societies or honoraries but the public is invited to
attend.
WAA Widens Point System To Include Swimming Activity Selecting the slogan “Every Girl a Swimmer,” the Women’s Athletic Association is widening the scope of its point system to include activities in swimming, according to recent announcement. A program has been arranged whereby girls may receive points for swimming in the afternoon, regardless of their present ability. Passing increasingly more difficult tests and also by specified hours of swimming-outside of classes will be requirements for the points. The tests have been arranged for beginners, intermediates, advanced, life saving (senior), and life saving (examiner). In addition an Indiana marathon swim of five miles, wherein each of the swimmers swims a specified number of lengths to complete the distance between certain points (i. e. Lafayette to Greencastle—60 miles, 10 lengths) until she has completed the prescribed route through Indiana, will net contestants 50 points. Life saving is scheduled for Monday at 4 p. m. and beginner’s class at 4 p. m. Wednesday and Friday. The pool will be open for general swimming every night except Monday at 4 p. m. No more than 150 points may be earned per year and points will not be carried over the summer.
11:00—PTA Program, Dean Mary L.
Matthews.
11:15—Morning Melodies. 11:30—County Federation of Clubs. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Russ Mock, pianist. 12:1B—Community Fund Program, Judge W. Lynn Parkinson, H. H. Horner. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—-Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Newspapers, Prof. Hugh McKee. 1:15—Eugene Finegan, violinist. 1:30—Prof. Frank Hall, “Footnoes on the
Headlines.”
1:4B—Market Reports. 2 :00—The Apothecary.
2:15—^State Safety.
-You and Your Child.
-Treasure Cheat. -Afternoon Music. -Parade of Business. -Musical Review.
-America’s Hours of Destiny. 4 :30—Quips and Queries. 4 :45—Story Book Hour.
2:302 3:464:00-
MISCBLLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All make*, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable maenlnes as low as^|2t.T6. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, tOt Main streaL
WANTED—A ride to South Bend, Ind , Fiiday afternoon. Call Bill Swanson, 3904.
LOST AND POUND
LOST—^In Fieldhouse at Purdue-Illinois game, a flat watch, shaped like a cigarette case, bearing initials W. B. P. Blaine Patton, Sports Editor, Indianapolis Star.
LOST MONDAY—Green suede and wool sweatei Silver Elgin pocket watch in pocket. Parking lot front of Armoiy. Reward. Edwaid Klinker Phone 56247.
FOR SALE EMBOSSED NAPKINS 13x13, quarter fold, high grade, 5,000 to case, only $2.75. Lilly-Lulip sanitary drinking cups. Cabinets leased Phone for samples of napkins and cups. Phone 7828; Lafayette Printing Co
Notices
Christian Fellowship Hour: Meeting in room B of the Union Thursday, February 16, at 7 .30 p m —BURBRINK.
Modern Dance Group: There will be a modern dance rehearsal Thursday, FebruarSr at 7 p. m. Everyone should be
present
—KNIGHT.
16.
WAA Riflery: Thursday, February x.,. Pedallion at 6 :15. Chi Omega at 7 :00. Kappa Alpha Theta at 7:46. Make-up at 8:30. Make up all practices, as teams will be
chosen shortly.
—SMITH.
Right You Are!
Correct To The Last Detail
Your wardrobe is incomplete without fofrmal attire that fits you perfectly and enhances your appearance. We've served particular men who like their clothes to be right in every detail, and we'd like to show you hdw much better you'll feel in tuxedo or tails that give you every assurance of correctness and comfort.
Price $29.50
White Dress Shirts Van Heusen $2.00 Arrow $2.50
Formal Ties 75c Stud Sets $1.00-$2.50
Dewenter’s
416 MAIN STREET
Exponent Co-eds: Meeting for entire staff Saturday, February 18, at 1:80 p. m. in the Union co-ed office. Stories for next co-ed edition will be assigned. —SCHILLING.
meeting and paper contest. All members please be present. —HERR.
uled for the evening of Tuesday, February 21. —BEOKLEY.
Debris Editorial Staff: An importast meeting of all sophomores will be held at 4 p. m. Thrrsday, February 16, in the office. —WINTER.
Battery Athletic Officers: Alert entries for finals and semi-finalB in the boxing tournament. Prepare battery basketball teams for practice game, Thursday, February 16. —BECKLEY.
Sigma Delta Chi: There will be a meet-i ing Thursday, February 16, at 6 p. m. in room C of the Uilion. —BAILEY.
WAA Badminton: The following girls must have thei^ first round of the tournament played by Friday, February 17, or else forfeit: L. Heiser-K. Merritt; M. WardV. Fitch, B. J. Fisher-J. Todd, K. Ade-E. Rubright, D. J. Bates-B. Skoep, V. BlankV. Paterson, J. Cook-R. Wiley, E. HarrisonM. McKee, P. McFarland-M. Baldwin. —FISHLEIGH. ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examinations will be given Saturday, February 25, at 1 p. m. in ME 301. Those contemplating taking either of the above should notify the undersigned. (2-24) —BOLZ.
Pnrdue Flying Club: Members who are not present at the meeting of Thursday, February 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union, and who have not paid their dues to date will be placed on the inactive list. Inactive class A members wiU be grounded. Post of treasurer must be filled. —CHEVEDDEN.
Motorcycle Club: Meeting in room A of the Union Thursday, February 16, at 7 P. m. , —STRIEBY.’
WAA Badminton: Tournament entries are posted on bulletin board in women’s gym. First round must be played off by Friday, February 17. —FISHLEIGH,
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting in room 1 and 2 of the Union Thursday, February 16, at 7:30 p. m. Pledges will be selected. —Summer.
Unorganized Students: Any group of unorganized men desiring to form a basketball team to participate in Intramural “B” basketball should notify the Intramural Office at once. (2-17) —CLEVETT.
Mathematics Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday, March 25, in the Recitation Building. All students who plan to take the exam should register with the instructor who gave the C before February 15. (2-18) —MARSHALL.
Fraternity Presidents: Please turn In all unsold tickets and money for Interfraternity Ball fo me immediately. (2-17) —MANLOVE. WAA Deck Tennis: All girls in deck tennis tournament must play off first round by end of this week. (2-17) —WALKER. WAA Basketball: All girls who wish to play in the intramural basketball tournament must have one practice in to be eligible for the tournament. (2-17) —REIMAN.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Thursday, February 16, at 7 :S0 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. —AYA8UN.
Society of Automotive Engineers: Important meeting Thursday, February 16, at 4 p. m in room 3 of the Mechanical Engineering Buiiding. Discussion of-combined spring
Military Freshmen: Entries in all weights for the semi-finals boxing bouts will secure medical certification at the Student Health Service any time during the afternoon of Friday, February 17, and report to the Fieldhouse at 6:30 p. m. with medical certificate for the semi-finals. Finals are sched-
Sophomore Baseball Managers: All sophomores interested in baseball managerial positions report to Muehlahausen or Burkhardt at 4 p m Friday, February 17, at the east end of basketball floor in the Fieldhouse —BURKHARDT. WAA Members: All girls may pay dues in the WAA office at 4 p. m. any night next week They may also get applications for the WAA Council and turn them in before Wednesday, February 22. Girls who have paid then dues may receive a constitution at any time. The WAA membership list IS posted in the Women’s gym. Will all girls please check their names. The list of those eligible to vote will be posted later. (2-16) —MERRITT.
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Boeksteres
• Jewelers
"DiAC" Everythinfl for a College Education H. G. REISNIR
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 ’A Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Printing
service f^RINTlNG OfRce Slalloneiy • « ^ H 9P«ddlns InvIUtlons PHONE ■ Wt»Bool«,Elc.... CASSEL’S dOEFERRV
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac"essories and repairing. MULHAyPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 2828
Smart, Snappy Neckwear for Young Fellows
“TYBEST" NECKWEAR Ti>e Tie That Ties Up Into a Perfect Knot Swell new colors and patterns are here for your selection— “^the kind that blend well into present day furnishings for men. Thrilling values in a price range from 55c to $1.00 THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622-626 Main Street
Crown Cleaning Service
Swing's the thing! And thousands of students are swinging to tunes of a happy refrain. For they've found an economical way to be well dressed.
HATS Cleaned and Blocked 50c
CROWN NOW USES FORMPREST SYSTEM An improved method for correctly pressing clothes. /
Laundry FINE CLEA'IIERS OF FINE CLOTH *ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
iy