This Newspaper . Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Playsbp's Final Show Of Season To Begin Tuesday Playshop’s last production of the season, “Squaring the Circle,” opens Tuesday in Eliza Fowler Hall, and will run through the remainder of the week. It will provide one ers on Saturday night before Mothers’ Day. “Squaring the Circle” is a mad and rollicking farce about love in Soviet Russia. In 1936 Broadway tagged it the “Laugh Hit of the Season.” The play is internationally famous and was first produced in Russia eight years ago, where it is still a sell-out in many leading cities. Max Reinhardt introduced it to Germany, and it has also been given popular reception in Vienna, Paris, Prague, and Rome. Author Knows Russia Kataev, the author, has a natural sense of humor and a robust love of life. His activity in connection with Soviet Russia’s five year plan combined with his experience as a novelist and playwright, fitted him for the writing of this pleasant play of healthy self-criticism directing its barbs ft a nation too serious to take love into account. Tickets for the production are now on sale at the "box office in Eliza Fowler Hall. Blocks of seats for Mothers’ Day week-end should be leserved early, for the number of resei'ved seats available is far short of the regular patronage of the Mothers’ Day show. However, general admission seats will be made available, Playshop officials stalled yesterday. Home Economics Seniors In Nutrition, Dietetics Receive Hospital Jobs All but three of the 15 women who will graduate in June majoring in nutrition and dietetics in the home economics school, will take up interneship work in hospitals after graduation. Dr. Cecelia Schuckmin, who is in charge of the work reports, said the other three would be placed within a short time. Graduating students have met requirhments of the American Dietetics Society. Practices in food preparation, planning of diets, and handling problems of food management also constitute part of the required training. The hospitals at which the members of the clkss have accepted interneship are: Presbyterian Hospital, New York City—Dorothy Bryant, West Lafayette; Christ Hospital, Cincinnati, 0.—Mary Ellen Delaplane, Wabash; Miami Valley Hospital, Dayton, 0.—June Douglas, Flat Rock; Walter Reed Hospital, Washington, D. C.—Marjorie Louis, Piqua, 0., Beth Israel, Newark, N. J., and Mary Alice Masters, Lafayette. Gi aduates going to the following hospitals are- Cincinnati General (Continued on page 3)
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY April 28, 1938 Lafayette, bidiana VOL. 49 No. 165
Spring Spree Is Set For May 14 Alpha Phi Omega, boy scout honorary, will hold its annual Spring Spree on Saturday, May 14, at Ross Camp. Officials invite all male students and faculty members to attend. Entertainment for the afternoon will include a treasure hunt, stu-dent-faculty tug-of-war, baseball, soccer, volleyball, and races. A rope medal will be awarded to the tug-of-war winning team. Plenty of good food will be provided for all attending and transportation will be furnished. Alpha Phi Omega officers announced yesterday. Peace Group Will Show Film Tonight Concluding a two-day demonstration, the Purdue Peace Committee will present the 11-reel film “All Quiet on the Western Front” at 7:30 p. m. today in the Electrical Engineering Building lecture room. The picture will be free to all University students. Lew Ayres and Slim Summerville are co-starred in the film, which is a story of youthful German soldiers in the World War. This picture is the original silent version of the story. Claims U. S. Not Neutral The United States is not really neutral in the Spanish conflict, even though we have an embargo to make us neutral, said Robert Colodny, speaker on the program at 11 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall yesterday. Munitions are sold to European countries and then taken into Spain for Gen. Franco’s army he declared in proving his point. Miss Helen Spaulding, who spoke at the noon seminar yesterday, said that war wrecks every woman’s family and breaks up her home. She also quoted from a meeting of college students: “You older people desire gold more than you desire us. You are willing to send us out to die to protect your gold.” CE Seniors, Facully Will Pirnic Today At Ross Camp Civil engineering seniors and faculty members will hold their annual picnic this afternoon, starting at 2 o’clock at Ross Camp. Games, baseball, song-fests, and plenty of food will be included in the program. Chi Epsilon, national civil engineering honorary society, sponsors the annual get together as an aid in developing friendly faculty-student relationships. L, W. Josselyn . .. . . . assistant Univeisity librarian, will talk on the trip he took abroad last summer at 4 o’clock this afternoon at an open meeting of YWCA in room B of the Union. In his address, Josselyn will relate anecdotes and experiences he had while touring Europe.
Elephants Bathe On Levee As Circus Comes To Town
By Dan Heiple “Step right up, folks, a quarter takes you all the way through,”— “hot dogs”—“poda pop”—“frozen r-i whip, we’re making them all big today.” Thus rang the old familiar cries of the circus as HagenbackWallace took up their one-day stand on the levee yesterday. At 4 p. m. the elephants held up traffic along the river road while their attendants gave them a bath from the fire hydrant at the foot of State street hill and interested spectators looked on. Barber Shop In Circus But it is behind the gaudy front of canvas that the real circus lives and eats and it was into this that we poked our inquiring noses. A group of happy negroes were tightening tent ropes to the endless chant of “hit it—heave—take it— break it—shove it down” with an
Paintings Sculpturing Inspire Ideas For New Works, Says Art Professor
PIA Elects Again Today
ease of rhythm and cooperation that comes of practice. A barber shop was doing a healthy business in the shadow of thundering* diesels which supply electric power. A well-dressed woman of about 40', sitting in the cook tent and looking very much out of place, turned out to be the wife of the commissary manager and was full of stories about Blacaman, the new animal hsmotist. He is, she said, “a Hindu, can not speak English, and is a real hynotist.” It seemed rather odd after this to see him leaving the grounds driving a 1938 cai'v That is the circus; in front colored lights and spangles; backstage, pink tights waving in the breeze and performers, looking very ordinary in street clothes, slipping under the net to wander off into the town.
By Georgann Schilling “I usually get an idea for a painting as soon as I begin to sculpture, and like wise my ideas for sculpturing came when I am painting,” said Professor Kenneth Washburn, when questioned concerning the inspii*ation for his work. Professor Washburn, who is head of the department of sculpture and painting at Cornell University, has an exhibit of his paintings now on display in the music room of the Union Building, and is visiting the campus thi.'s Grand Vacation “Usually I just send my paintings packed in several large boxes to exhibits. I seldom accompany them, but this week is going to be a grand vacation for me,” the young professor said concerning his week of activity, which includes daily talks on the various phases of American Art. Professor Washburn graduated from Cornell University in 1926. He now teaches in the college of fine arts, which is a part of the college of architecture at Cornell. “Old Grandfather?” “You probably thought I’d be an old grandfather with a long white beard, didn’t you?” the professor queried seeing the look of astonish-
Informal Exponent Banquet To Feature Unique Entertainment Informality will be the keynote Sunday evening* when Expo^nent staff members assemble in the faculty lounge of the Union Building for the annual Exponent banquet. Unique entertainment features are promised all attenders. Said the committee m charge last night, “We expect at least 100 or more students at the affair and plan to offer something new in the line of banquet entertainment. The banquet goers will be seated according to a prearranged place card plan. Former Editor to Talk Both the serious and humorous sides of the newspaper worker’s activities will find expression. Bringing experiences from the field will be Guest Speaker William Gude, Exponent editor in ’25, who IS now with the Penton Publishing Company, of Cleveland, 0. Guaranteeing a good time for all IS Hugh Forster, long time Exponent worker, who will act as toastmaster at the affair. The banquet is provided free of charge to all persons now actively connected with the paper. Any worker who has not as yet signed an attendance sheet must do so before noon Friday. Sheets are posted on the bulletin boards in both the east side and Union Exponent offices. Home Ec Seniors Attend Banquet Ninty-five senior women were entertained at the annual American Association of University Women’s Banquet in the education building of the Central Presbyterian Church Tuesday night. AAUW entertains the senior girls each spring to encourage them to join the association after graduating from college. Dean Mary L. Matthews, of the school of home economics, and Dean Dorothy C. Stratton were the speakers. Members of the Lafayette Little Theatre group presented a play entitled “The Proof of the Pudding.” A solo was sung by Mrs. F. A. Loop. Strawbridge, Gillie Announce Betrothal Engagement of Charlotte Gillie, graduate of Butler University and member of Delta Delta Delta sorority, to John T. Strawbridge, ChE ’35, and member of Pi Kappa Phi fraternity, was announced Saturday. Strawbridge is sales manager of the Container Corporation of America, located in Anderson, at which place the couple will reside.
ment in his interviewer’s eyes at finding this distinguished painter such a young man. The artist, contrary to the personality expressed in most of his works, is very unassuming and modest about his exhibit and his personal life. Professor Washburn Lectures On Fine Arts ProfeiBsor Kenneth Washburn has been lecturing daily in the Union Building on various phases of American Art. His lecture schedule for the remainder of the week is as follows: today at 4 p. m. in the music room, “Art and Technology;” tomorrow at the same time and place, “The Contemporary Materials and Techniques in the Fine Arts.” Saturday at 9 and 10 a. m. in the Home Economics auditorium “What Makes a Great Work of Art;” and in the afternoon at 1 p. m. in the music room “One Being a Student,” will be his subjects. C. B. Aiken Resigns To Become Consultant Dr. C. B. Aiken, head of the communication department in the school of electrical engineering, tendered his resignation recently, for June 30, to the Board of Trustees. He will return to New York City to work as a consultant engineer in the field of radio engineering. Dr. Aiken resigned his position with the American Telephone and Telegraph Company in New York two years ago to accept the Purdue position. During his stay here, he has been consultant in numerous radio projects and hearings over the United States. Ag Accountant To Retire Soon Miss Mary J. Bloom, accountant in University Ag Experiment Station since 1909, will retire at he close of the fiscal year, it was announced recently by the University publicity office. Because of injuries sustained several weeks ago in a fall on ice. Miss Bloom has relinquished her duties to C. G. Irion, assistant chief accountant.
National Director To Speak At WPA Committee Meeting Dr. E. C. Linderman of Washington, D. C., national director of the WPA recreation division, will be the principal speaker at the first state-wide meeting of volunteer committees of the Indiana Works Progress Administration recreation division, opening in the Union Building today. Approximately 400 members of various committees will attend the meeting, culminating two years work on the emergency recreation program. Governor Coming Governor M. Clifford Townsend will attend the meeting, which is being held in conjunction with a joint regional conference of the WPA recreation division leaders of 13 middle-western states and representatives of extension divisions of the departments of agriculture in the same states. The meeting will be preceded by a dinner at 6:30 p. m. in the Union ballroopi at which Dr. Linderman will discuss “The Function of lay committees in leisure time planning.” The purpose of the meeting is to determine the requirements of rural recreation activities, and to plan for the development of these activities. YWCA Installs New Officers, Cabinet Installation of YWCA officers and cabinet members was held yesterday afternoon at 5 o’clock in the YWCA office. New officers who were installed are: Betty Klein, president; Helen Conver, vice-pres-ident; Sara Alice McIntosh, treasurer; and Catherine Cooley, secretary. Cabinet officers are: Martha Baker, Thelma Bugher, Ruth Bryant, Joyce Burnham, Wilma Eviston, Marga Mary Glunt, Ruth Glunt, Jane Hall, Juanita Julian, Helen Landgrebe, Martha Moorhead, Edna Schwab, and Ruth Waddleworth.
Second Ballot Needed In Presidential Race Today the presidency of the Purdue Independent Association will be decided in a second election at a special desk in the Union lobby from 7:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. In the election held Tuesday Ralph D. Maby, junior agriculture student, and Donald K. Wells, junior chemical engineer tied for the presidency, necessitating the second election. Candidates >;Iake Statements When questioned last night, D. K. Wells said, “it should be the duty of all PIA members to vote in today’s election, to choose the man they feel is best qualified to be their president for the next year.” R. D. Maby said concerning the election, “In this second election I urge every independent student to turn out and vote for the man he thinks has done the most for the Association and would make the best president during 1938-39.” In order to east a vote in the election today, PIA members must present their passports at the poll in the Union lobby, officials state. “I am urging all members of PIA to turn out and cast their vote in this election,” said present PIA President Robert Schlundt last night. WS6A Postpones Co-ed Marital Talk Dorothy Martenet, chairman of WSGA committee sponsoring the marital lectures for senior women, re-emphasized last night that the lecture scheduled for this evening has been postponed until May 5. This lecture, “Marriage from a Man’s Point of View” is to be given by Dr. Ralph Gerard of Chicago. It will be held in room B of the Union at 7:15 p. m.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Local thundershowers today and tonight becoming fair and cooler tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 80; low, 60; mean, 70.
Gala Week Activities Begin tomorrow
Demonstrations in engineering labs will be featured in tomorrow’s Open House program.
Annual Gala Week activities will commence tomorrow afternoon, when the “Open House” programs start with demonstrations and lectures in the different schools and laboratories on the campus. Featured with open house activities, the Annual Vocational Industrial and Industrial Arts Round-up for high school students will be held during the day. Open House will start at 1:30 in the afternoon with the schools of agriculture, science, home economics, and physical education conducting special inspection trips and demonstrations. At the same time the libi'ary. Armory, airport, power plant, and the men and women’s residence halls will be open for inspections. These buildings will be open only in the afternoon. At 4 p. m. a special review ol the
entire ROTC Corps and the Military band will be held on intramural field, in honor of visiting alumni and guests. In case of rain the review will be held in the Armory. At 6 p. m. special dinners arranged by the secretaries of reunion classes will be held, including the annual international “P” Men’s banquet in the Union ballroom at 6:30. , \ The engineering schools, civil, mechanical, electrical, metallurgical and chemical, along with the pharmacy school and the departments of practical mechanics and physics, will hold open house from 7 until 10 p. m. tomorrow night, featuring research and laboratory demonstrations in the various depai'tments. C. of C. Helps Welcome Cooperating with the Senior Gala Week committee and the Committee on Alumni Affairs, the Chamber of Commerce will help welcome the retui'ning alumni. Lafayette and
West Lafayette merchants will display postei*s greeting the former students, and the levee will be decorated with flags. Fraternity houses will add to the display with their “Welcome Alumni” banners. Saturday morning, the various schools will hold alumni receptions in their main buildings, starting at 8:30. In the new Fieldhouse, at 10:30 a. m., an athletic carnival, featiu'ing boxing, swimming, fencing and other sports will be held. Following the morning’s activities, the Gala Week Luncheon will be held at 12:10 p. m. in the balh'oom of the Union Building. Preceding the freshman varsity football game at 3 p. m. in the RossAde stadium, the traditional senior class parade will take place. The seniors in their cords, accompanied by their charaetexistic equipment representing their various schools, will parade thiough the village, out State street, and up University street to the Fieldhouse.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diunufi.
Thursday. April 28. 1938
Jhsi ^diioh SatfA An Open Letter To Student Senate • Dear Senators: You made an excellent choice m naming your 1938-39 president Tuesday night. We ha\ e kno\\ n Gerald Elliott since he was a freshman. and after ser\ing in Senate with him during the latter half of his first year here were certain he had leadership qualities which would take him to the top of that organization That Elliott’s election to your presidency was a political one detracts not a whit from his capabilities . . . rather it indicates he has organizing ability, in addition to other merits. It i« regretful, however, that any student should ha\e to waste his time in political maneu\ ering to get elected to an office, when political support is not necessary in order for him successfully to administer the duties of that office. Under President Dan Rohyans during the past se\ eral months, Senate has seen the most successful year in its history. Abolishing the “No Smoking” Tradition, assisting in the operation of the Student Book Exchange, help-
ing to put on the Pontiac Varsity Show, and consolidating half a dozen student handbooks into one comprise a few of your more important doings. One of Senate’s actions this year which will concern you most during the next was Dan’s persuading the National Student Federation of America to meet at the University next December for its 1938 national convention. Making arrangements for that session should provide the major part of your work during the coming semester. If you do nothing else next year, you must make that NSFA convention a success. About 200 student senators from 75 to 100 colleges and universities from one side of the nation to the other will carry away from here stories and impressions of the Purdue Student Senate and of Purdue University itself. Your ability to put the convention over will help greatly to determine the trend of those impressions. Luckily you have a good man and a hard worker, as chairman of your part in the convention. Although Chairman Bob Schumacher came into your group only a year ago. Senate records for that year show he did more work for the organization than any other member with the exception of the year’s officers. The Exponent congratulates you on your accomplishments for 1937-38 . . . accomplishments all the more praiseworthy because previous Senates had given you no such reputation to live up to. —^The Exponent
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
WE SUGGEST . . . that the Exponent issue press cards to its repoiters so impelsonatois like Newton, Schmick, and Marshall, the SPE lowdies, can not Clash small town Proms
TO THE LADIES . . . In the spring It IS the thing To wear the sheerest article But we suggest Unless we miss oui guess That it doesn’t matter a particle
SWEET SHOP... . trade has slipped to nil . . . it seems that instead of Sweet Shop dates to sip a coke, the JOES prefer lawn dates to sip a little nature
AMAZIN’ THE MASSES . . .
mind me''’—Mary
Ed
Letters to Editor
Letters to the editor must be kept at a reasonable lengrth and must be accompanied by the writers’ sigrnatnres. Unless otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, the editor sees fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence The Exponent does not assume responsibility for opinions voiced herein.
WSGA Hours Spoil Convo
Dear Editor What’s the mattei with the WSGA boaid anyway*^ Its strict lules regaiding co-ed hours certainly ruined the San Carlo Opera for most of the girls who attended the Convocation Monday night It seems to me that someone on the boaid would have realized that a Gland Opeia cannot be presented in a mattei of two hours or so Vet the gills weie lequued to sign in bv 11 o’clock I know this to be a fact because the gnl I was escoiting called WRH duiing the intermission between the second and third acts, and was told that the girls must sign in by 11 o’clock legaidless of how long the Convocation lasted In ordei to be in on time the girls were foiced to leave the Jefferson Gym immediately aftei the thud act What Did The Troupe Think? What did the San Carlo troupe think of the Purdue student body when they found the attendance almost one-half of the oiigmal numbei What kind of a leputation will that give us’ I enjoyed the fiist thiee acts (all I had time to see) of the opeia moie than any other convocation I have attended But, having to miss the last act just 1 uined the entiie evening not only for me but foi many others who had fj leave early I don’t condemn WSGA officers entirely, but I do believe that they are decidedly too strict in their rulings After all, we’re paying for these convocations and having to miss part of them in ordei that the girls may be in by a certain time certainlj’^ rubs the wiong way The least WSGA could do is to arrange some understanding concerning the extension of hours so as to allow the students to attend the entire performances R. J. Fitzgerald, ME '41.
“Too many college professors are epitaph polishers dusting off the tombstones of big names in history.” With this biting criticism of the academic leader in U S. higher education, Dr George W Crane, a Northwestern University psychologist, begins his denunciation of those who teach in modern colleges and universities “For three centuries here m America we have been hoodwinked by college professors who harp on culture Most of them neither know what the word means nor demonstrate cultured personalities” he continues. “Instead of teaching the students to be the life of the party,” Dr Crane continued, “most professors ape or unduly reverence the past While the distinguished men of the past were good in then day, they should be mentioned only as matters of historic interest, but not worshipped with assinme idolatry ” t “What we need is a thorough house-cleaning in education We send students to college in order that they may learn how to write English But after four, or seven years of majoring in English, they still cannot sell a poem or a stoiy,” Di Ciane declared “One of the essential troubles with education today,” Dr Crane declares, “is simply the fact that the blind are leading the blind College professors as a class “are second raters ^ “There is an old adage that when a man cannot make a living practicing a subject he becomes a teacher in that field In the game of life most of them would be on relief,” he concludes C—C—C The U S Supreme Couit, top judicial arbiter of differences of opinion, has been called upon to rule as to whether or not intercollegiate football IS an educational activity Solicitor General Robert H Jackson has asked the court to rule that the University of Georgia and the Georgia School of Technology must pay taxes on football game admissions—a ruling that would affect the gate receipts at stadia throughout the United States. Government lawyers hold that
“at neither school is participation in football a prerequisite to graduation, and no credit is given therefor toward a degree ” Lawyers for the colleges maintain that in staging the games their clients were “engaged in the performance of an essential governmental function ” 'Three Cheers For Rhythm' To Play At Mars Theatre “Three Cheers for Rhythm,” a musical revue direct from the StateLake Theatre in Chicago, will come to the Mars stage for a one-day’s engagement Saturday The revue features “The Diplomats,” an all-girl swing band, Ben Bern, famous juggling star, and a chorus of dancing beauties as well as comedians, specialty dancers, and a Masked Venus “Reckless Living” starring Nan Grey and Robert Wilcox will be the screen attraction lor the day
LJHCJ STARTS TODAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
You’ll laugh you’ll cheer os this prim miss takes the high spots m high geor SillV EilEHS
“Don’t
Johnston. “Will you have a cigarette”— Sammy “Dunker” Forsell. “I'm no fish”—Jack “Panama”
Watson.
“I haven’t a thing to. wear”— Clothes “Rack” Jacobson. Former Purdue Student Wins Beaux Arts Contest Design of a theatre auditorium, submitted by H S Pawlan, former Purdue student now at Illinois University, won a first-place prize recently of $300 and a medal in a contest. The Illuminating Engineering Society of the Beaux Arts Institute of Design, New York City, sponsored the contest. After completing three and onehalf years of civil engineering at Purdue, Pawlans this year enrolled in the school of architectural engineering at the University of Illinois, where he will receive his de glee in June.
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
‘Yeh, we just had the place redecorated—new fountain, new seats, new dishes and a new chicken!”
What, Where, When
By Sally McKee Do I give my order to my partner or to the waiter, a girl asks. Emily Post says never to the waiter But if you’ve a speck of humapity in your soul; if you’re a human being who feels a response to others, tell the boy friend what you want (this to be correct), but treat the waiter or waitress as something better than a robot
ARC
When you get yWur coke thank the waitress The same etiquette applies to many other occasions. Waiters and waitresses are always doing you services at the hall, at the ‘house,’ or at the gull, and the sooner you unbend—thank them for their usefulness—and look at them, not away from them, when you speak to them the better the service you’ll get.
TODAY—FRI.—SAT.
fgpgmra
QlJGUEjV',
—ON THE STAGE— Saturday ONLY
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry LafayetteThursday. April 28, 1938
THE PURDUE
E3CPONENT
h
Baseball Nine Leads Big Ten Conference Championship Race Purdue’s baseball squad, with three other teams, leads the Big Ten Conference baseball parade today, after the first week of championship competition. The three other teams who have each won their opening two-game series are Illinois, Chicago, and Iowa. The Boilermakers will see their next bit of Big Ten competition as they meet Michigan at Ann Arbor this week-end. All except Chicago and Iowa will engage in title play Friday and Saturday. Illinois will be at Ohio State, Northwestern at Indiana, and Minnesota at Wisconsin.
Standings Won Lost Pet.
Purdue .. . . Illinois . Chicago Iowa Ohio State . Indiana .... Wisconsin Northwestern Minnesota .... Michigan
.. 2 .. 2 2 2 1 1 ... 1 0 . 0 . 0
1.000 1.000 1.000 1.000 .500 .500 .333 .000 .000 .000
Fori Wayne Club Defeats Purdue's Badminton Squad Purdue’s badminton club lost to Fort Wayne Sunday afternoon at the Fieldhouse, 14-11. The matches included men’s singles and doubles and women’s singles and doubles. Although it was the club’s first meet of the season, the women succeeded in winning a majority of their matches. The Fort Wayne club was led by Bud and Harold Jornod, state badminton doubles champions. Bud Jornod, who is the state badminton singles champion, may give exhibition matches at the Fieldhouse Saturday, as a part of Gala Week festivities.
Home Economics-
(Continued from page 1)
Hospital, Cincinnati, O.- Lorene Ristow, Indianapolis; University of Cleveland Hospital, Cleveland, 0. —Mary L. Schafer, Sullivan; Michael Reese Hospital, Chicago—Reba Silver, Trrrc Haute; John Hopkins Hospital, Baltimore, Md.—Lenora Wells, Valparaiso; University Hospital, Indianapolis—Iva Swaynie, West Lafayette; and Barnes Hospital, St. Louis, Mo.—Emily Wuelfing, Denver, Colo.
DEWENTEH’S Carry a Complete line of PALM BEACHES 41 @ Maiil
NHW... Eiipy Heeorcis Thru Yuur Uadi®
r
WITH Amimm mw RECORD PLAYERi
AttecM easily, quickly List Price $14,952
McLean Music Co. Main Street
ISot Only-
Do we have the NEW PALM BEACH Formal Coats, but we also have numerous styles of Regular PALM BEACH Suits.
500 MAIN ST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
Four Sports Teams See Action In Busy Week-End Schedule As far as intercollegiate competition is concerned, there will be action galore during the week-end for the four Boilermaker spring sports squads, with Coach “Dutch” Fehring’s baseball nine heading the program in two games at Ann Arbor against the Michigan team. The Wolverines, after disappointing showings in losing their first three Big Ten starts, will seek to find themselves against Purdue, who is so far undefeated in Big Ten competition. Fehring has named veteran Arnold Bredewater to start the first game for Purdue against Herman Fishman. The second contest will pair Stuart Heiss or Carroll Mangas against Burt Smith. Drake Relays Coach Hermon Phillips is pointing outstanding members of the track squad for the Drake Relays which will be held this week-end. The Boilermaker entries, in addition to the sprint medley relay quartet that will be anchored by Art Bodeau, outstanding half-miler, will include Bob Lemen, ace hurdler in the special 440 y)ard hurdjle event, and Alden Knapp in the two mile run. The Boilermaker golf team will tackle an imposing assignment, meeting Notre Dame there on Saturday. Coach Larxy uaBiec's teimis squad will journey to Bloomington to participate in a quadrangular meet tomorrow and Saturday that will have Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio State as the other competitors. Theta Tau ... . . . social fraternity announces the initiation of Captain P. W. Thompson of the University Military department.
Intramurals
BASEBALL—TODAY Diamond 1— Ward 5 vs. Ward llA. 2— Ward 4 vs. Ward 2X. 3— Ward 17X vs. Ward 12. 4— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 5— Sigma Pi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 6— -Phi Kappa Psi vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 7— Beta Theta Pi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 8— ^Ward 13 vs. Cary Hall 4. 9— Ward 11 vs. Cary Hall 5. 10—Cary Hall 1 vs. Ward 2A.
TENNIS—TODAY Fraternity Doubles—4:15 Kappa Sigma or Phi Delta Theta vs. Beta Sigma Psi or Delta Chi. Sigma Nu or Delta Upsilon vs. Alpha Gamma Rho or PiKA. Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Chi.
Freshmen Tennis—4:15 Brackman vs. Soloff. Carpenter vs. Minier. Wegener vs. Mass. Richards vs. Corem. Dolan vs. Echulenborg. Powell vs. Weiner or DeHoog. Seeman, H. vs. Bissell, E. L. Fant, J. E. vs. Walters, J. M. Frey, G. J. vs. Fleming, R.
—5:00— R. Anderson or Harriman vs. F. Elley or D. S. Campbell. C. L| Keyes or P. H. Ovens vs. W. P. Thompson or W.' L. Vaughan. M. A. Kline or H. F. Poll vs. C. E. Sohl or D. L. Douglass. I. Fosse or F. N. Burrow vs. G. Brick or Hargesheimer. F. L. Miller vs. O. J. Lessa.
It is easy to make new friends in the Union There are many interesting places in the Union — enough for an eveningfull of entertainment for you and your date. You will find that you have been missing something.
JhsL fiwidiJUL TnmuftuxL lAmmL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Gimlets Sponsor Freshman - Varsity Football Game Saturday At 3 p. m. Saturday’s annual freshman-varsity football game, sponsored by Gimlet club, will provide the setting for the presentation of a gold watch to the winner of the eighth annual Freshman Football Merit Trophy, the game will start at 3 o’clock in Ross-Ade Stadium.
League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
Pittsburgh
8
1
.888
New York
8
1
.888
Boston ..
4
3
.571
Chicago
5
4
.555
Brooklyn
3
5
.375
Cincinnati
3
6
.333
St. Louis . ..
2
7
.222
Philadelphia
1
7
.125
Yesterday’s Results Pittsburgh, 6; Chicago, 5. Brooklyn, 13; Boston, 2. St. Louis, 5; Cincinnati, 0. New York, 7-11; Philadelphia, 3-6.
AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Pet.
Cleveland . Washington Boston . New York . Chicago St. Louis . Detroit . . . Philadelphia
.750 .666 .555 .500 .500 .444. .333 .222
Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 6; Cleveland, 3. St. Louis, 7; Detroit, 2. Washington, 5; Boston, 2. New York, 9; Philadelphia, 2.
This coveted award, made on the basis of improvement shown during spring drill, and taking into consideration scholarship, attitude, and attendance, is made by the Purdue Alumni Association and will be announced by Burr Swezey, of Lafayette, between the halves of the encounter. Leading Frosh According to Coach Elward, the leading freshman backs as shown in spring practice are Tycocky, Byelene, Petty, and Clark, with Rankin, Timperman, Rossi, Axton, Miller, Proudfit, Cook, Mackey, and Winchell as the most promising of the yearling linemen. Two of the past winners of the award are members of the present varsity. Swede Thursby, rugged end and Basil Petry, veteran center, were honored in 1937 and 1936 respectively. Tickets for the game are priced at 25 cents and can be purchased at Deac’s Southworth’s, or from any Gimlet member.
Horseshoe Doubles All fraternity horseshoe doubles teams please report Thursday at the courts north of the Fieldhouse. —CLEVETT.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqore Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
The Palm Beach Evening Formal Why borrow the other fellow’s tux when a new Palm Beach Evening formal can be had for ^20. Single or double-breasted white jacket with shawl lapels... pleated black trousers with’ satin stripes... unlined and unpadded — but shape-retaining. Immaculately cool though the date and the doings are hot. Easily washed or cleaned...and an outstanding value at Ask your clothier to shew you the new Airtones and whites in Palm Beach suits ($17.7^); slacks ($3 JO)
IF IT BEARS THIS LABEL— rrs GENUINE PALM BEACH
OOOOALL COMPANY. CINCINNAfl^nrat. OdA.
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
ThaticttA.
Thursday/ At>ril 28, 1988
Exponent Ad Gets Quick Response Local ads in the Exponent have been getting: results consistently, as was shown by the following incident which occurred the beginning of this week. Yesterday and the day before, R. L Lippman lan this ad in the local ad section’ “Tennis Rackets Restrung — Satisfaction guai’anteed. R. L Lippman, 351 Northwestern. Phone 4726.” Tuesday night he came home and found 10 tennis rackets piled up on his desk. Prosperity was certainly knocking at his door—in fact, it khocked so hard that he was obliged to let his schoolw'ork go, so that he might fill his orders for restringing. This is one example of the many returns obtained from advertising in the Exponent. Mikes Musings From WBAA Studios The Voice of Pm due has a full schedule this week-end, as far as Gala Week activities are concerned. The staff, including Ariiott and Davis, studio secretaries, Gibbs, the entire announcing staff, to say nothing of the technicians, will be glad to see the week-end completed. 2—1—3—2 To start off, the station as well as all of the incorporated departments of the Univeisity, will open its doors to the inquisitive eyes of the public Friday afternoon and evening for the annual open house program. The Voice of Purdue is planning to entertain its visitors with a “mock” program from the main studios. 2—1—3—2 Then Saturday brings up two nice shows that will prove interesting to the public. At 3 o’clock and running for its customary hour, Hank Miller’s “Campus Varieties” show will take the air from the music room of the Union. Featured on the special Gala Week variety show are such personalities as Burns and Sal Palma, the comics from the “Of Thee I Sing” cast; Carol Heath, attractive imitator of radio, screen, and stage personalities; Men’s Glee Clu^directed by A1 Stewart; and Bud Bryant’s campus band of sophisticated swing, with that vest pocket edition of song, Jo Friend. 2—1—3—2 Then at 5:30, with special permission from the FCC, WBAA will carry a broadcast of the annual alumni anniversary banquet in the ballroom, with a word picture of goings on and the speeches of the guests. 2—1—3—2 Sunday afternoon listeners will hear the baccalaureate services aired, with the sermon and the band concert vieing for popularity. Yes, Mike IS ceitainly glad he doesn’t have to do anything but publicize the happenings of the week-end— that is enough for him.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT—New Royal Portable typewriters by the week or month. Call 6477—Deckers 518-20 Main.
,>411 th«
rOWERS c\?aug}iarfe :: SEEDSEverything for Flowers and Gardens SPERB HARDWARE 822 Main St.
Notices Mo Notice* Accepted After t p.m.
Electrical Engrineeringr Seniors: Names appearing: on the north bulletin board must comply with instructions in main office before Thursday, April 28, or pictures will not appear on senior hallway panels this year —EHINGER.
The best drawing in each class will be entered in the national competition at the annual meeting in June at Texas A. & M. College, where it will be judged on the basis of theory, technique, practice, and judgment. First and second prizes will be awarded in each class, and shingles presented by the drawing division to winning contestants. (4-29) —RISING.
in Colonel Pickering’s office in the Armory. Inspection banquet details will be discussed. —BEHRENDS.
Open Swim: There will be co-ed swimming Thursday, April 28, in the Memorial Gymnasium pool from 7 ;80 to 8, and open mixed swim from 8 to 9. —SCHWEHN.
Glider Club: Open meeting in room B of the Union, Thuisday, April 28, 7:16 p. m. —MOORE.
Military Stiidents: All military students must report to the Armory in uniform at 4 pm. Friday, April 29, for the Gala Week review. The first brigade will form on the west half, and the second brigade on the east half of the drill floor. —PICKERING.
Purdue Riding Club: Meeting Thursday, April 28, at 7 p. m.. Student Union office. —SUMMERS.
Military Students: All uniforms to be cleaned by West Side Cleaners, not required for wear on April 30th and May 2nd, should be turned in to them immediately after review on April 29th. They will be open until 9 p m. to receive them. Prompt turn in insures better service and an earlier return (4-28) —WHISTLER. National Drawing Competition: A strong competitive interest is being shown by 50 first year engineering drawing students in the annual contest sponsored by the drawing division of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education. In the elimination contest, entries have been made in all of the eight classes which include pencil work, inking, lettering, and sketching.
Kappa Delta Pi: Pledging ceremony will be held Thursday, April 28, at 7:15 p. m. in the Education Building. Please be on time. —BYRD. PIA Beginners Dance Class: The ninth lesson will be given Thursday, April 28 in Women’s Gym at 7 :30. —CLYMER.
Agriculturist Staff: All old and new staff members are invited to attend a reception at 7 30 p. m., Thursday, April 28, at the Alphia Kappa Lambda fraternity house, at 124 Marstellar. Please be prompt. —KINGSLEY.
Open Swim: There will be a co-ed swim Thursday, April 28, in Memorial Gymnasium pool from 7 :30 to 8 .00, and an open mixed swim from 8 to 9. Men please bring towels. —SCHWEHN.
Cadet Officers Luncheon Committee: Meeting at 4 o’clock Thursday, April 28,
Alpha Lambda Delta: Important meeting Thursday, April 28 at 7 :16 p. m. in room A of the Union. —MOUSCE.
Crown Cleaned Clothes Reduces Risk of Losing Jobs Many a good worker has lost his job because of poor personal appearance. Don’t run the risk. Have your clothes Crown cleaned and pressed regularly. Thousands prefer Crown because garments are Monite moth-proofed.
riNE CLEANEHS OF FINE CLOTHES WIST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
For Mother’s Day If you can’t be with your mother on her day, do the next best thing — send her your photograph. Make An Appointment Today Mother’s Day—May 8 Phone 6725
THE FOSTER STUDIO \ Opposite Purdue Union
Here are those “foot-loose and fancy-free” shoes... they’re rugged, yet lightweight...fit perfectly, yet retain the peasant charm of old Mexico. Woven of allover WHITE or NATURAL leather. Get yours today!
332 Main St.
Lafayette, Ind.
BROWN and WHITE SADDLE OXFORDS $1.99 to $3.50
Seniors With Detroit Jobs: All seniors who have secured jobs in Detroit alrq jo meet with L. G. LeFavour, secretary of the Detroit Purdue Alumni Association, Saturday morning, April 30, at 10 a. m in room D of the Uqion. —BAUGH Tau Beta Pi: Meeting for actives and pledges Thursday, April 28, at 7 -30 p m. in the Triangle house. —MUSHAM
Junior Military: Draw F. A. Book 204 from Supply Room without delay. (4-30) —WHISTLER.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting in room D of the Union Thursday, April 28 at 7:30 Be sure to bring all survey blanks. —WADLEIGH.
WAA Badminton: The following games will be played on Thursday, April 28 at 4 p. m.: E. Maier vs. J. Stickler; J. Rennik vs. E. Heeter, J. Gaylord vs. C. Lockner, M. Campbell vs. J. Major. These games will be played on Friday, April 29, at 4 p. m.: J. Davison vs. K. Harlan , I. Boehm vs. G. Walker, K. Merritt vs. V. Beck, P. Clymer vs. M. Sticker, M. L. Delaplane vs. J. Shaffer. If you cannot play at the time scheduled iglease call your opponent or forfeit the game . —CAMPBELL.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, May 1 at at 232 Wood at 7:80 p. m. Bring manuscripts. All members must be present. Election of officers. —FELDMAN.
SAE Meeting: Meeting in room 3 of the ME Building Thursday, April 28 at 4 p.m. —REINHARD.
Purdue Motorcyclists: No meeting this week The usual week-end rides will be taken, however. (4-30) —LENN. Students’ Bible Class: Meeting in room C of the Union Thursday, April 28, at 7 p. m. Subject for discussion will be “The Coming Anti-Christ.” All students are invited. —BURBRINK.
WAA Tennis: Scheduled games must be played Firday, April 29 at 4:00. Schilling, Mather vs. Merritt, Bailey; Walker, Jarrett Vb. Schuber, Gould ; Major, Bryant vs. Stevenson, Thomas, Stocker, Faurer vs. Dygert, Demoret. —WALKER.
University Choir: Girls wishing to sing in the May Day chorus meet in Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 p m. Thursday, April 28. —WEIN.
Co-ed Tennis: Six tennis courts on University street are women’s courts. Men may use them only as guests of women students. (4-30) —HAZELTON.
LOW PRICES EVERY DAY IN THE WEEK ^ ^ ^ Follow the Thrifty Crowds That Shop and Save at Yoyr Nearest Piggly Wiggly.
• the Pursue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
Professional
The Risk Dental Clkiic DK. PAUL A. SISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBBR’T G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. MON DENTIST 119V2 Vine West Lerfoyette Phone 4965
Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
"^Office Slatloneiy . Wedding Invitilions
PHONE - S.l«Bool<.,Elc..., 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. nSHER WATCHMAKER This is all -we do, but -we do it -well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite Poet Office
• Locksmith
"C“ CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph 2291 State-Main, W L
• Florist
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. for Your Cleaning Needs Sander for Rent