'Money And Marriage'... ... or the economic aspects of marriage . . . will be discussed by Dr. J. A. Estey at 4 o’clock this afternoon in the Education Building lecture room in the second of the senior marital lecttife series. t)r. Estey spoke to seniors last year on a similar Subject and is recognized as an authority iri this field. This nieeting, as was the one last week, Will be open to both men and women in the senior class. 'Of Thee I Sing' Ticket Coupons Go On Sale Today Ticket coupons for “Of Thee I Sing” will go on sale today at 4 o’clock at the west desk of the Union. These coupons are exchangeable for reserved seats in the center section downstairs of Eliza Fowler Hall, and their holders will be given a two day preference over others in obtaining reserved seats to any of the four performances, which will be given March 11, 12, 18, and 19. A limit of 1,200 of these coupons will be offered for sale at a price of 75 cents. Wayne K. Milne, theater student business manager, announced that a committee will contact all Greek organizations, WRH’s, Cary Halls, and rooming houses. Ticket distribution for each performance is as follows; 384 seats will be at 75 cents each and 244 seats will be at 50 cents. Only the 75 cent seats are in the center section. Beecher To Play At Pan-Helleiiic Dance Organized co-eds will dance tomorrow night from 9 until 1 in the Memorial Union ballroom at the annual Pan-Hellenic Ball, a co-ed bid dance. Decorated in blue and silver the ballroom will display a backdrop consisting of a map of the campus sororities. Keith Beecher and his orchestra, who will play for the ball, have appeared in the Continental Room of the Stevens Hotel, Chicago, 111., and have broadcast over the NBC networks. Judy Talbot will be featured as the vocalist. Programs of white leather, embossed with gold University seals, will be distributed at the door. No co-ed will be admitted unless she IS a member of a national sorority, stated Decoration Committee Chairman Virginia Laramore. She added that 2 o’clock hours have been obtained for the dance. WSGA Will Elect Delegates Tonight Election of freshmen representatives at the WSGA mass meeting will precede the “Trial of Peggy Fairfax” tonight at 7:15 in Fowler Hall. Freshman women will elect two of their classmates as representatives for the Women’s Self Governing Association. Twelve girls who handed in signed petitions are: Ruth Swift, Barbara Joy, Genevieve Houser, Thelma Bugher, Josinah Allen, Mary Elizabeth Fischer, Mary Louise Goss, Pat Ditsch, Janice Renick, Lois Randolph, Carolyn Kiesling, and Alberta Densford. After this election the fate of “Peggy Fairfax” will be ai’gued with Judge Margaret Hamilton presiding, Dorothy Martenet as the defense attorney, and Margaret Richey as prosecuting attorney. “Danny Rohyans” Elstun and 11 other WSGAers will give the verdict after hearing witnesses Betty Ann Stewart, “Rip Manion” Terstegge, and Mary Ellen Delaplane. “Tom Sheets” Bain, Dorothy Bryant, Betty McKee, “Petie” Light, and Virginia Slocum will contribute testimony. Mary Cooley will act as the clerk and Doris Gamble as bailiff. Prof. Gunn Will Speak On 'Personalities In Music' “Personalities in Music” will be the theme pf a talk by Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocation committee, for the third music appreciation program, tonight at 7:80 in the music room of the Memorial Union Building.
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY February 24, 1938 Lafayette, Indfoita ^ VOL. 49 No. 119
Gimlet Athletic Honorary, Pledges Nineteen Juniors Gimlet Club, athletic booster honorary society, at a dinner meeting in the Alpha Chi Rho house last night, voted upon and pledged 19 campus-prominent juniors. Thirty-three of the 35 present mehibers attended the meeting, which began at 6:15 p. m.
Paul Ressinger Says ^38 Debris Embodies Good Make~Up Ideas
The following juniors were pledged; UNION—E. S. Mason, Phi Kappa Psi; D. A. Samuelson, Phi Kappa Psi; T. D. Cabonargi, Delta Upsilon; G. W. Matthews, Phi Gamma Delta; R. S. Harper, Alpha Gamma Rho; W. K. Millholland, Alpha Tau Omega. DEBRIS—T. B. Miller, Kappa Sigma; F. W. Winter, Pi Kappa Phi; H. E. Lewis, Delta Tau Delta;
R. M. McGhee, Delta Tau Delta; D. H. Meissner, Phi Kappa Psi. EXPONENT—L. S. Hardin, Alpha Gamma Rho; D. R. Vance, Theta Chi; H. I. Stanback, Delta Upsilon; R. R. Hensler, Sigma Phi Epsilon. ATHLETICS—P. E. Humphrey, Theta Chi; J. Mihal, Sigma Chi; H. R. Knaus, Alpha Gamma Rho; E. I. Anderson, Phi Delta Theta.
New Cary Halls To Feature Two-Room Suites. Built-In Aerials For Radios
By A1 Yaies “Suites” — “double rooms” — “single rooms”—“connecting doors” —are some of the phrases that can be heard issuing from one of the rooms housing a bull-session such as occur frequently at Cary Hall. “Hey,” yells another resident as he bursts into the room, “We’ll settle the whole thing, I just got the plans from Arbuckle.” The ‘gang’ quiets down after a few minutes and it soon hears that there will be four suites on each floor of the halls. These rooms are a combination of two separate rooms, one of which will be used as a study and recreation room, while the other will be used as a sleeping room for the two boys. The suite has only one entrance, whi^ih is through the study room. There ai’e also four other combination rooms on each floor of both buildings. These are practically the same as the rooms just described with the exception that both rooms have a door leading to the hall, as well as a door connecting them, so they may be used as single abodes if so desired. Many New Features Among the other features of these
new buildings are the new grille, central telephone switchboard for all four halls instead of one in each, built-in aerials for radios, and conference rooms located in the basement of each hall. Two features that have not appealed to many present residents, are the swinging doors set in each hallway as noise reducers, and a central post office for all four halls. The objection to the post office, even though it will be located underground between the Northwest and North Halls is that the students will have to go there to get their mail instead of having it delivered to their rooms as it is now. Will Cost $634,000 The buildings have been under construction for about four months, and work is progressing so rapidly they will be ready for occupancy this fall. The rate of “setting” of concrete used has been greatly increased by the use of small coalburning heater units. These units are used mainly to keep the water from freezing. The new $634,000 halls will have the same room and board rate as the present halls.
100 Hear Kraybill Talk On Noxious Weed laws Over 100 members attended the twenty-third annual meeting of the Farmers Grain Dealers Association of Indiana yesterday to hear Dr. H. G. Kraybill, state seed commissioner and chemist, discuss changes made in the Indiana seed laws by the last session of the General Assembly. Dean of Agriculture J. H. Skinner gave the welcoming address and M. P. Hill of Francesville gave the response. Frank Pyl6, president of the association, introduced T. A. Dicus, member of the State Highway Commission, who was the principal speaker at the evening banquet. Other speakers included: A. F. Nelson, secretary of the National Farmers’ Grain Dealers Convention; W. L. Woodfield, Lafayette; M. D. Guild, Indianapolis; and Prof. F. E. Robbins, of the University. All Spirits Rise As River Falls By The Roving Reporter No more worry. The Wabash is falling. As a matter of fact it dropped from a 15.9 foot high on Monday morning to 12 feet this morning. If you had visions of not being able to get across the river to see your semi-weekly movie, to do that shopping, to combine your efforts with those of other “stoogents” on the Exponent staff, or merely to waste time, your fears are blasted .. . . . . according to T. H. Hill, University weather observer, the river will not rise again in the near future. His statement is based on the fact that yesterday there was only .05 precipitation, and today there was just a trace of moistui’e.
Elliott To Talk At Fattier-Son Dinner President E. C. Elliott will be the speaker at the first annual FatherSon banquet to be held next Tuesday evening in the Memorial Union Building, it was announced yesterday by Paul Royster, of Lafayette, chairman of the Purdue Dads Association, which is sponsoring the event. Royster will act as toastmaster. As entertainment features, musical numbers will be given by the Men’s Glee Club under the direction of A. P. Stewart, University music director, and a special exhibition will be given by the University fencing team. An informal get-to-gether will follow the banquet and program, giving the fathers and the faculty members who have sons or daughters in the University an opportunity,,to get acquainted. Tickets may be obtained at the Memorial Union desk, at Decker’s in Lafayette, or from Dr. Robert Phillips, faculty advisor of the Dads’ Association. C. S. Blakely To Speak At Luncheon For Ag Staff Col. C. S. Blakely, commandant of the University ROTC, will speak Monday noon, at the regular February luncheon of the staffs of the school of agriculture, the agricultural experiment station, and the department of agricultural exten-
“American Defense Plans in This Re-Arming World” will be his subject for discussion. The luncheon will be held in the Union Building. A program committee composed of E. L. Butz, chairman, D. H. Harker, N. K. Ellis, and Regina Schlute is in charge.
Michigan Wins Debate On Ludlow Amendment Resolving that the proposed Ludlow amendment to the Federal constitution should be adopted, Don Paarlberg, of the University affirmative team, opened second semester Big Ten conference debating in Fowler Hall last night with the statement : “The people of the United States don’t make the wars; they fight them.” In keeping with the Ludlow amendment, which states that except for invasion of the United States or its territories, the people should be given the right to vote on the declaration of war. Purdue’s Paarlberg and Robert Buckles advanced the idea that the amendment was in line with the broadening scope of democracy and argued, as Buckles put it, that it was “simply an opportunity for you and I to express our opinions.” The oppositionists based their at-
Paul Ressinger, with studios in Chicago, one of the country’s leading designers and a recognized authority on the science of printing, has previewed the layout and typography of the 1938 Purdue Debris. “The book has embodied in its format, character of design, smart illustrations, intelligent choice of type and a beautiful color scheme,” he commented, after looking over
the book.
Merle Rose, superintendent and typographic counselor of the Haywood Publishing Company, Lafayette, who is supervising production of the ’38 Debris, recently interviewed Ressinger to obtain his reaction to the yearbook. Ressinger and Rose worked together for some time in redesigning “Packaging Parade,” a monthly journal of the packaging design field. Founded Society Ressinger was the founder of the Society of Typographic Arts and served as the first president of this Chicago organization. His training in art began at the Chicago Art Institute and the Chicago Academy of Fine Ai’ts. He is also recognized as the leader in design and creation of packaging, numbering among his clients the Parker Pen Co., General Motors, Montgomery Ward, the Champion Coated Paper Co., Grennan Bakeries. and Swift and Co. W, W. Schaible, ^34, Tells Part He Took In Spanish Fight In an interview by the New York Times, Walter William Schaible, BS ’34, who recently spent 13 months fighting on Spanish fronts as a member of General Franco’s insurgent army in Spain, relates an interesting story which tells of his experiences and sheds a new light upon Franco’s army. Schaible left Chicago December 7, 1936, and went to London and thence to Portugal on his own initiative. Receiving credentials and a railroad ticket from the Spanish consulate in Portugal, he ari'ived at military headquai’ters in Spain and signed documents which he did not understand but which he later fo^und committed him to serve with FranA co’s army for the duration of th^ war. After four day’s training he was sent to the front lines. , Franco Has Large Army Franco’s army numbers over 750,000 men, including some Americans. Schaible indicated that Remington rifles, gas masks bearing the label of a New York firm, and American Browning light machine guns are not uncommon in the equipment now being used in Spain. Schaible’s enth*e service was in the Madrid-Toledo area, and it was here that he received a bullet in the face, which entered a cheek and passed out the fleshy part of his neck without doing major damage. He spent 50 days in a hospital and received excellent treatment. Makes Propaganda Speech Because of his ability to speak English, Schaible was ordered to Seville for a 15-minute propaganda (Continued on page 4)
tack on three definite points: (1) that the plan was impractical (and it was upon the terminology involved in this point that they won the debate), (2) that it was contrary to the theory of true democracy, and (3) that it brought undesired evils into the decision for war or peace. Plan Is Impractical Robert Rosa, of Michigan, maintained the position that the plan was impractical because it failed to give a definite interpretation of the word invasion, and that undefined, it could be construed to suit the fancy. To this Robert Buckles answered . . . “even an engineer would recognize an invasion if he saw
one.”
Saying, “The limit of the power of congress to declare war does not limit the power of congress to de(Continued on page 4) ISews Photographer Relates Adventures To Photo Enthusiasts By Dorothea Justin Tornados, floods, towns under martial law, and hospitals were among story and picture locales talked about by Joseph Craven, chief photographer of the Indianapolis Star, before 43 Camera Club members last night at thenweekly meeting. News-picture taker for scores of football games, including Purdue’s, Craven has seen only one football game clear through. “It was a day off,” he chuckles. Gets A Shiner Blacked eye and broken camera from a man who resented having his picture taken resulted “in the pleasure of a three day vacation,” he related. Gracious forgiveness from Queen Marie of Rumania, for flash bulb smoke in her face made her his favorite among royalty. Where’s The Fire? “What’s the big fire?” asked one of the audience looking at some prints the president of the Indiana association of photographers had brought. “A lumberyard. Boy! That was a dandy!” From 500 to 600 flash bulbs are needed monthly for his newspaper work. Craven explained, along with some technical points for taking action pictures. A woman speaker is scheduled for Camera Club’s next meeting, next Thursday, for the special interest of co-ed members. Cary Hall East Dines PI Phi's At Trade Party Cary Hall East entertained the Pi Beta Phi sorority last night at an informal trade dinner, followed by dancing until 8:30 p. m. In the North Hall, Prof. W. T. Miller, of the heating and ventilating department in the mechanical engineering school, discussed “Personalities” in a short after-dinner talk. He told of several intei-esting persons he had come in contact with in his engineering experiences. Following dinner in the Annex, T. J. Higgins, of the electrical engineering school, led an informal discussion concerning electrical engineering work. Along with his talk he correlated pei-sonal experiences with actual working conditions.
ASME Will Award Prize For The Best Technical Paper Sponsored by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, a technical paper meeting will be held Wednesday, March 9, at 7:00 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. A suitable award will be made to the student presenting the best paper of the evening, and in addition, the winner will be sent to Milwaukee, Wis., to represent the University at the MidWest regional convention of the ASME student branches on April 18-19. Any ASME member is eligible to participate in this contest. Papers presented must be of at least 12 to 15 minutes duration, must be prepared by the student himself, and may be on any technical subject. Judges will be selected from the faculty of the ME school. Students interested should get in touch with W. B. Wolverton, 71332, before February 26. Knapp, Fidler Talk At Driller's Meeting Prof. W. A. Knapp, honorary member of the Indiana Well Driller’s Association, yesterday welcomed the eighth annual convention which is being conducted here this week. The presiding officer was H. R. Lamb, of Carmel, and the speaker was M. M. Fidler, assistant geologist on the state conservation staff. Fidler’s talk concerned Indiana water level problims and how to solve them. He spoke of the U. S. geological survey in Indiana, a program introduced three years ago, which includes digging and operation of all types of wells in 43 Indiana counties. The survey hopes to find the amount of water available in various parts of the state and the fall or rise of water level over a period of years. A method of conservation of ground water supply is also an expected result., C. E. Williams, sanitary engineer of the state board of health, will be the principle speaker. He will discuss problems of contaminated wells and how to solve them. SAA Board Elects Basketball Manager Howard R. Knaus, junior Ag student from Takoma Park, Md., was elected senior basketball manager by the Student Athletic Association board yesterday afternoon. James Thompson, junior electrical engiT neer was named alternate. Knaus is a member of Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity, and Thompson is a Kappa Sigma. E. H. Phelps is the retiring manager.
Indiana Weather
Weather for State: Mostly cloudy today and tomorrow, with not much change in temperature. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 35; low, 31; mean, 33.
I’g,THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, February 24, 1938
Strictly Illegal... ... is the reselling of student athletic tickets —illegal under University regulations, and illegal under Federal government “scalping” laws. Purdue’s trustees wrote ironbound rules into the new athletic plan, prohibiting transfer of student tickets. For the $10 compulsory athletic fee they offered students a new Fieldhouse, with alf its multitude of recreational and athletic accommodations, plus convocations, intramural sports . . . and tickets to football and basketball games. Each single game ticket comes practically as a gift when the $10 fee is split up to support all of these athletic activities. Forcing students to buy tickets was not the trustee’s idea in establishing the fee; they wanted to offer to the whole student body privileges of a complete and diversified athletic plant. Busy indeed is the student who cannot find time to use at least some part of this plant. Student tickets are tax-free—but only because they are used by students. Statutes demand that all tax-exempt seats be arranged in one block .. . and that no seat in that block be sold to a person in the taxable class. Consequently Purdue trustees dare not allow outsiders to buy reserved seats in student sections—the penalty for that would be payment of revenue on all otherwise tax-exempt tickets. Comparable to the illegal sale of student tickets might be the improbable case of some ed or co-ed selling to an outsider a prescription, obtained for the asking, from the University’s Pharmacy Building drug store. The University loses nothing in that case, but paying a 10 per cent tax on four or five thousand student tickets would be loss enough to embarrass any university’s athletic department. Take one student section, liberally sprinkle with the handiwork of the scalper, and what happens? . . . quite conceivably the party is spoiled for “gregarious” eds and co-eds who like to sit with their fellow student rooters. Cheering ardor too, can be noticeably dampened by the presence of several alien seat warmers, who as often as not may favor the opposing team. The scalper may gloat over his extra dollars, but he certainly hasn’t added to his fellow students’ enjoyment of the game. On the other hand, trading of tickets among
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^sociated Colk^tate
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60.
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY
Nationai AdvertisisigService, Bnc.
College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York, N. Y CHICAGO - Boston - Los Angeles - San Francisco
Editor-In.43il«( R. P. Manion
Baslnesa UaAsger D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor J. B. Brock Associate Editors I). A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor's Secretary — Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager— J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager .W. J. Gillilan Lo<^ Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager - M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor - Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF EMitor - R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R, L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student cquinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offeial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-Alef.
Night Editor
-Vance Issue Editor—Torrence Thursday, February 24, 1938
students is perfectly legitimate. Neither the student body nor the University will discourage this, since it tramps on no one’s toes. —H. I. S.
By Mary Cooley
Once upon a time we discussed the etiquette of getting on and off a public vehicle with a woman. Today we’re going to repeat ourselves at the request of a reader. Getting onto a street car, bus, or other vehicle the man follows the lady, in order — so the say — to catch her if she should fall. On leaving the car the man precedes the girl down the aisle and gets off first to assist her down. You say assist? Yes. Not that we mean actually lift her down, but you should offer your manly hand as a support to her in her descent. Therefore—Getting on the girl goes first, getting off the boy goes first, and then shftuld help her down.
By Mary Cooley
Men folks who read this will talk about it more than women! This paradox—women talking less than men—^was revealed by a University of Minnesota speech professor who conducted a survey among 400 university and high school students. The results showed that: 1. Men like to talk more than women do, according to their response to speech situations in a list of 165 questions. 2. Both men and women are more at ease discussing sports than books, religion than business, and subjects about which they are un-
certain than those about which they are uninformed, 3. Furthermore, men are more inclined to bluff than women. 4. But women enjoy giving advice better than men.
Some 1,000 students in Oakland, Cal., are studying to be “No” men. The bartenders’ unions are conducting classes in which the pupils are taught, among other things, how to refuse drinks to patrons who have had enough.
Canadian students have to learn to walk twice a year. According to a Montreal athletic instructor, the change from smooth side walks and green grass in summer to winter snow and ice, and the switch in footwear, is responsible.
Although Harold Davis of Pomona College (Claremont, Cal.) doesn’t own many rare books, he can read them to his heart’s content. While Davis was doing research on work of English translators, he recorded on moving picture film the priceless pages of a number of ancient books. Now he can flash it on the screen for reference and study it at his leisure. These rare books are difficult to secure because they are accessible only in widely scattered libraries.
CHILDREN’S DANCING CLASSES ORGANIZED Ballet and Tap ENROLL SAT., FEB. 26 Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
ATTENTION STUDENTS Going home this week-end?
We are equipped to give you more miles and more comfort at less cost.
Special Excursion Rates to Chicago — Indianapolis and all intermediate points For information and rates
Phone 4065
YANKEE COACH LINES, Inc.
John Phillip Sousa, 24-year-old grandson of the famous bandmaster and composer, is conducting a dance orchestra in a Palm Beach Hotel, Since his graduation from Princeton in 1936 he worked first in the script department of a Hollywood studio, then in an NBC broadcasting studio in New York City, starting as messenger boy.
The handsome, dark-haired, John Phillip Sousa III, who was an English major at Princeton, wants to be a writer. He has made a study of orchestration, though he plays no instruments except the drums. He has transcribed several of his grandfather’s marches into dance rhythm, but he says he won’t try to do “Washington Post March” and “Stars and Stripes Forever” in swing time.
ARC
TODAY—FRL—SAT. LEE TRACY
‘Behind the Headlines” — and — BOB STEELE
in
“CAVALRY” — also — “DICK TRACY” SERIAL — Plus — ‘Mickey Mouse” Cartoon
DANCE PROGRAMS AND FRATERNITY BULLETINS CALL 7828
Lafayette Printing Company
HI®
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liefity
Dear Mr. Bold and Black Man, Tother day I sat me down to my gallopin alphabet and closed my eyes, and typed and typed and typed and . . . and this is what come out. The only thing I thought of doing with it was to send it to you.
OFF THE ROAD TO MANDALAY
Off the road to Mandalay, Where the frying fi^hys play, And the dawn comes up like blarney In the hills of old Kilarney.
There really lived a maiden fair. With golden teeth and pearly hair; And she was in love with one nice pet, A mouse which et, and et, and et.
One day there came a big, brave knight. Who chanced to see the pretty sight Of the maid at a pond where she often goes. To indulge in a swim, un-ala clothes.
Off the road to Mandalay, Where the frying fishys play. And the CAWN comes up like blarney In the hills of old Ken-larney.
Soon as romance made him bolder He spoke to her and got — cold shoulder (bare too!); She thought him very, very rude, For peering on her in the nude.
She called him raw and rank and vile. With this he smiled a little smile And said, “Judging from what I saw, You, too, are just a trifle raw.”
On the road to Mandalay, Where the frying fishys play. And the CAWN comes up like whiskey, In the hills of San Francisky.
His pun aroused her ire—complete; She fainted dead away—Tweet! Tweet! She sank below the water’s top And vanished with her pearly mop. (of hair)
STARTS TODAY Triple Hit Program
with
THE PICTURE THAT SHOWS MAN WHAT WOMAN'S LOVE CAN MEAN....
A Picture So Big You’ll Never Forget It'
CLAUDE RAINS GLORIA DICKSON EDWARD NORRIS OTTO KRUGER
EXTRA!! MARCH OF TIME Presents “INSIDE NAZI GERMANY” The Most Discussed Film of the Year
‘I tell you. Spike—we’d’a moidered him if he hadn’t slipped in those 23 lucky punches!”
The knight dove in and pulled her out. Her hair was fulla rainbow trout. Fishy, fishy ina brook Not a chance to read a book.
On the load to Mandalay, Wheie the FRIED fishys lay, And the dawn comes up like thunder It will probably rain. —Henry Derf Wrongfellow.
Overheard in the Union near one of the “Traffic Toll” Tabulators: “What the hell’s the idea anyway ? Even my wife will know what I’ve been doing!” It was one of the well drillers here for their conference.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Today - Fri. - Sal. Doilile Feature
All the color and drama of today’s danger zone...in a picture you’ii remember a year from today!
With OOLOBESDELBIO GEOliCE SAUERS JRNE LAUG DICK BALHWIN
§-tMi
1 A hearts reaob^ poHwn
f
benn.o^
menbv
\ Today - Fri.
4)Thursday. February 24, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
//
Four fmim Boxers
Golden Gloves
Dills, Bacharach, Ramputi," ' ."
In Final Championship Round At Chicago
Four hard-hitting P.urdue boxers won the right to fight in the Chicago Golden Gloves Tournament of Champions last night before 3,500 howling fans gathered in the Lafayette Armory to witness the final elimination in the Lafayette tour-
nament.
Frosh Trackmen Run AgainsI Indiana, Ohio State This Afternoon
This afternoon the freshmen track squad will run against Ohio State and Indiana freshman squads in a triangular telegraphic meet. Purdue’s squad will start at 4:00 o’clock in the Pieldhouse and will run against time. Following the meet the times of the various contestants will be compared to determine the winner of the meet. Close competition is expected as Indiana has a miler who was clocked at 4:24 last Saturday at Bloomington, and Johnson, a colored boy, who puts the shot in the neighborhood of 48 feet. Purdue men include Dave Rankin in the hurdles, Forrest Weber in the shot put, Holdcrman and Hibbs in distance runs and pole vault, respectively.
Bom To Continye Union Bridge Lessons Tonight A free bridge lesson will be given tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the reception room of the Union. J. L. Born, the instructor, will continue his discussion of play, and will answer any questions concerning the finer points of the game. All those interested in any phase of the game, especially in its actual playing problems, are invited to attend by Union officials.
Allen Dilts pulled the surprise of the evening by knocking out veteran Sock Kurtz, West Lafayette fireman, in the second round of their 175 pound class semi-final battle. After matching Kurtz blow for blow in the first round, Dilts came back in the second and in a very short time floored Kurtz witt a right to the head. Kurtz was up on the count of four, only to be pelted in to a corner by Dilts’ continued blows to the body and head. As Kurtz hung on to the ropes Dilts layed on with both hands, finally landing a blow to the jaw which floored Kurtz for
the count.
Lyles Defaults To Dilts In the other 175 pound class bout, Lawrence Lyles, Purdue boxer, won a decision over Gilus Lowe in the bloodiest bout of the evening. Before the end ©f the third round both fighters were covered with blood from an old cut opened over Lyles left eye. Lyles was forced to forfeit the final bout to Dilts because the attending doctors would not allow him to go back into the ring. Steve Bacharach, 160 pounder, gained a berth on the team by knocking out Joe Haun after 45 seconds of their semi-final bout, and then going on to K. 0. Charles Dietrich in the second round of the final. Fred Ramputi, Purdue heavyweight, also won his position on the team by the knock out route. Flooring Leo Sparger near the end of the first round of the semi-final match, and Ray Reilly after a minute and a half of their final bout. Both Purdue 126 pounders won
A good haircut is an asset to anyone. The distinguished appearing man is usually the man that has a fine haircut and a good shove.
We have capable barbers • Joe Knott • Chas. Orman • Perry Hazelbaker • Joe Clark • Lawrence Given
Downstairs in
J/UL fiundusL Wjum^imL lAmofL
Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
mini Defeat Boilermaker Swimmers, 48-36
Vidories In Free Style, Relay Events Win For Invaders;
Six Minor Sports Teams To Play / Illinois Saturday
Six teams, representing Purdue in four minor sports, will invade the Illinois campus next Saturday. Badminton, ping pong and squash players will repay the visit which their Illinois opponents paid them earlier in the season when the dedication program for the new Fieldhouse was held.
Men’s, co-ed, and faculty bowling teams will also make the trip. Bowling squads were selected, but ineligibility made it necessary for new teams to be chosen today.
The squash match will be the only regular intercollegiate competiCion, the other matches being of an informal nature. Linn, Juve, Eberhard. Blitz, and Munro will represent the Boilermakers in squash.
Seven badminton players, led by Bill Billings, will attempt to gain their second victory over the Suckers, while five ping-pong players, headed by D. L. Nassay, will try to even the score in their event with the men from Illinois.
their semi-final bouts, Paul Murphy by knocking out Harold Dalka in the first round and Wilmer Hardesty by a decision over Clyde Hall. Murphy received a broken nose in his fight and was forced to default to Hardesty for the championship.
In ter fra tern ity Bowling Tourney Starts Saturday
First round elimination in the interfraternity bowling tournament will get underway Saturday afternoon; all the teams entered in the intramural tournament will bowl their first game on the Lafayette Bowling Alleys. The elimination will be held by taking the total points scored by each team in its first three games, and selecting the four teams with the highest totals for the final playoff. °
Meet Features Close Finishes In Nearly All Contests
Fraternities will receive their entry blanks in today’s mail. The entry, together with a cash deposit to cover the first round elimination of each team, must be returned to the intramural offices by Friday. A schedule of time when each team is to bowl will be posted Saturday morning.
To Speak Tonight On 'Christian Science'
“Christian Science” will constitute the lecture by Judge Fredrick C. Hill of Los Angeles, Cal., tonight at 7:45 p. m. in the Union faculty lounge. Judge Hill is a member of the Board of Lectureships of the First Church of Christ, Boston. The Christian Science organization of Purdue, which is sponsoring Hill’s appearance, invites all stu dents and faculty.
WINNIE’S HAMBURGERS
Pie Ice Cream
5
345 State
In a meet featuring close finishes, the Illinois swimming team nosed out the Boilermakers last night 48-36 by capturing the last two events. With only the 440 yard free style and 400 yard relay remaining, the mini were leading by the small margin of 32-31, but Lowe ran away with the free style race and was anchor man on the winning relay team to clinch the victory^ Illinois opened the meet in im-
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
-— Bookstores
"DEAC”
Everything for a College Education
H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DK. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Locksmith
CARTER
Keys — Locks — General RepairiiUT Knife and Scissor Grindingr New L.CJN. and Norton Door Cheeks
Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Florist —
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119‘72 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Photography
Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Auto Rental
ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR
Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Printing —
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _ ^Office Slalloncty
Wedding Invitation* _ Sales Books, Etc.
PHONE
2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
Jewelry —
R.J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
pressive style by taking the 150 yarrf medley relay, and placing first and second in the 220 yard free style, but the Gold and Black came back fast when Lahey captured the 50 yard free style, and Wildhack won the dives in a convincing fash1. Kerber and Carr provided two
more first places by winning the 150 yard back stroke and 200 yard breast stroke races, respectively. Summary of events: 150 Yard Medley Relay—First, Illinois, (Cutter, Brouck, Hallden). Time, 1:24.2. 220 Yard Free Style—First, Lowe (I); second, Howard (I); third, Graham (P). Time, 2:22. 50 Yard Free Style—First, Lahey (P); second, Lentz (I); third. Lively (I). Time, :25.1. • Dives—PMrst, Wildhack (P); second, Ellis (I); third, Rotkins (I). 100 Yard Free Style—First, Lentz (I); second, Lahey (P); third, Jones (I). Time, :58. 150 Yard Backstroke—First, Kerher (P); second, Tredwell (P); third Anderson (I). Time, 1:49. 200 Yard Breaststroke—First, Carr (P); second, Brouck (I); third, VanDelester (P). Time, 2:52.2. 440 Yard Free Style—First, Lowe (I); second, Hopward (I); third, Graham (P). Time, 5:20. 400 Yard Relay—First, Illinois, (Hallden, Lively, Lentz, Lowe). Time, 3:51.6.
Freshmen Freshmen interested in advertising and newspaper promotion work report to the Exponent office, 312 N. 5th street, from 2 to 5:30 p. m. Thiirsday. W. J. Gillilan, Nat’l Adv. Mgr.
ROTC BASKETBALL —Today— Court 1—Aronson 7:00—H-1 vs, A-1 7:15—B-1 vs. C-1. 8:25—E-1 vs. D-1. 8:40—S-1 vs. F-1. Court 2—Mangas 7:00—A-2 vs. H-2. 7:15—B-2 vs. C-2. 8:25—D-2 vs. E-2. 8:40—S-2 vs. F-2. Court 3—Captain 7:00—S-3 vs. F-3. 7:15—C-3 vs. B-3. 8:25—E-3 vs, D-3, 8:40—A-3 vs. H-3. Court 4—Gale 7:00—A-4 vs. H-4. 7:15—B-4 vs. C-4. 8:25—E-4 vs. D-4. 8:40-8-4 vs. F-4.
YW To Announce Program For Year
Printed schedules announcing the program for the remainder of the year will be a feature of the YWCA tea to be held Thursday, March 3, in the women’s lounge of the Union at 4 o’clock. The tea is open to all co-eds.
Plans for the second semester program were discussed at a cabinet meeting last Saturday at the home of Dorothy Bryant, president. An open YWCA meeting will be held on alternate Thursdays, with small group meetings during the week.
CALL A CAB
for Pan-HeUenic
ONLY 30c per Couple
Phone 6443 — 6444
UNITED CAB CO. Lafayette
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZATION AT PURDUE UNIVERSITY ANNOUNCES A FREE LECTURE
ON
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
BY
JUDGE FREDRICK C. HILL, C.S.
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF LECTURESHIP OF THE MOTHER CHURCH THE FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST, SCIENTIST, IN BOSTON, MASS.
IN FACULTY LOUNGE OF STUDENT UNION THURSDAY AT 7:30 P. M. FACULTY. STUDENTS, AND THEIR FRIENDS ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO ATTEND.THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, February 24, 1938
Michigan Wins(Continued from papre 1)
dare a state of war," Harry Shniderman, nepralive, explained how congress could circumvent the Ludlow amendment by entering into an undeclared war or declaring a state of war to exist. In rebuttal Paarlberg simply asked, “Could we be drafted for an undeclared war?” Shniderman Concludes Concluding for the negative, Shniderman narrowed the argument down to the practibihty of the plan, whether it would help to keep us out of war or not, and in return Buckles said that the amendment was not designed for a cure-all for war but was intended as one of the many measures to promote peace. Prof. C. E. dander, director of debate at Ohio State University, was judge and in a critical analysis of the debate gave the decision to Michigan on the basis of their argument of pi’actibility in which the terminology of the vord “invasion” vas included. C. E. Dammon, assistant director of personnel, was the presiding officer.
W. W. Schaible, '34,(Continued from page 1)
broadcast. Completing the broadcast he took advantage of an optunity to desert. He slipped a pair of dungarees over his uniform, and walked with other workmen loading oranges aboard a British tramp steamer, stowed away below decks, and remained there thx-ee days until the ship was at sea. In England he spent a day or so in jail as a stowaway, but was rescued by the American consul, after which he returned third class to America on the Aquitania. St-ewart Names WSGA Nominating Committee Betty Ann Stewart, president of WSGA, named members of the nominating committee at a meeting last night in the Union. The committee is: chairman, Margaret Richey; Jeanne Janousek; Virginia Congo; Sally McKee; Althea Jorgeson; and Doris Gamble. Elections for the WSGA officers will be held March 24.
LEARN THE LATE DANCES Bj Enrolling in Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS In Ballroom Dancing Friday, Feb. 25, 7:00 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Stocking ■wrinkles, runs and such, Will never help your date book mmh. Little lady, why don’t you Do what other smart gals do— Buy Belle - Sharmeer STOCKINGS in your own leg size Our exclusive Belle-Sharkers are individually sized in width as well as in length &om top to toe. Ask for your leg size by name. Brev for smalls, Modite for mediums, Duchess tot calls, Classic for plumps. $1.00 to $1.65 a pair
Thieme & Wangerin Co. 622-24-26 Main Street
Mars To Feature French Stage Show Count Berni Vici and his “French Pollies of 1938” will open Saturday on the Mars stage for a one-day engagement. The revue will be presented on three stages and a larger revolving stage with 25 scenes, among which are featured the “docking of the 90,000 ton Queen Mary,” “a girl m the aims of a 60-foot monster robot,” “dreadnaughts bn review,” “noudite en rouge,” “living jewel box” with 16 models, the continental “danse de poudre pouffe,” and many others. In the new cast with Count Vici will be his 15 Ti’ans-Atlantic Swingettes. An illusion, showing a living five foot girl in a miniature 10-inch fishbowl, will be on view in the outer lobby. The scieen feature will be Louise Campbell and Lew Ayres in “Scandal Street.” Several of the campus leaders were invited by telegrams to attend the Metro Goldwyn Mayer prevue of the picture “Of Human Hearts” last night at 11 p. m. in the Luna Theatre. The picture is a five thousand dollar prize title contest and it’s stars are Walter Huston and James Stewart. H. R. Krayliill To Address Chamber Of Commerce “Industrial Utilization of Agricultural Products” will be the subject of a speech to be given by Dr. H. R. Kraybill, head of the department of agricultural chemistry, and seed commissioner and chemist for the state, at the chamber of commerce meeting in Lebanon tonight. The meeting will take the form of a special dinner at which many prominent Boone county farmers will be guests. Aiken On Nirsing Staff Miss Alyse Aiken, Sc. ’32, left yesterday to take a position on the nursing staff of the Irene Byron sanitarium in Fort Wayne. She has been spending a month vacation with her parents Mr. and Mrs. Charles G. Aiken.
From WBAA Studios Something new and different in sign-offs was inaugurated last Friday when Opal Tarte, comely guardian of the main desk of the Union, was answering queries on the question and answer program. Apparently Opal was just a bit nervous, having been asked a series of questions of the “stickler” variety. She finally became disgusted, muttered an inappropriate “Awwww, nuts!” and resumed her watch over the switchboard. 2—1—3—2 Mike just happened to breeze into the Union’s 1 and 2 the other Saturday in time to hear Jerry Ciral give his one-man show of a Russian dramatics director. It drew a lot of laughs from the studio audience, as has been the custom of every audience Jerry has entertained. It’s interesting to know that until the Union show of last spring, this versatile young actor of both radio and stage had never appeared in front of an audience larger than his own immediate family circle. 2—1—3—2 Staff members of the Voice of Purdue are breathing easier now that it has been announced that sufficient funds necessary for moving the tx’ansmitter to Indianapolis are not available. It would call for an expenditure of $75,000 to negotiate the move and the ultimate four-way split of sponsoring universities. It appears that Purdue will be allowed to retain complete control of the station—which may or may not prove disappointing to certain persons now of the opinion that WBAA blankets out the more desirable stations. Reed Takes Soils Post G. C. Reed, Ag ’37, has been appointed junior agronomist in the soil conservation service, with headquarters at Edwardsville, 111. Reed specialized in agronomy at the University, was a member of Ceres, and since graduation has been employed with the Howatt Hybrid Corn Company, in Francesville.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
THEY ARE ALWAYS WILLING TO SERVE YOU TAKE A CAB TO THE PAN-HELLENIC DANCE
De Luxe Cab
Call 2151
You Should Take Advant^e of our Certified Cleaning Service Immediately Our cleaning plant has passed strict tests to enable us to display this emblem. West Side Cleaners
Northwestern at Vine
Phone. 4081
Education's 'Who's Who' Again Lists Dr. Degering Dr. E. F. Degering, University professor of organic chemistry, was recently re-elected to membership in “Who’s Who in American Education.” This national recognition came as a result of his articles on the most satisfactory method of presenting organic chemistry to undergraduate engineers. The articles were printed in the Journal of Chemistry.
Uiilon Committees: The folldwitisf rffishmen will work on the committees listed: Crossman—Dorothy Kolar, Mary Ijouise Goff; Dastburn—^Manette Hollingsworth, Jane Schueler. Turner—Ona Morrison, Jane Black, Mary Jane Kyle ; Wood—Catherine O’Leary, Marilyn McKnight, Josinah Allen; Cabonargi— Ona Morrison, Josinah Allen ; Matthews— Pane Black. Millholland—Marilyn McKnight, W. A. Xllsley, M. A. Kline; Samuelson—Manette Hollingsworth, Jane Schueler, J. A. Stahn; Jacobson—Mary Jane Kyle, Catherine O’Leary, R. Bauman. Garland—A. Botsford ; Harper—Dorothy Kolar, Mary Louise Goff, H. C. Dees, J. C. Webb: Taylor— H. W. Lloyd, J. H. Ant. i-2 6 —SAMUELSON.
Freshman Battery Basketball: Battery athletic commanders contact your battery and organize your freshman basketball team. Inter-battery competition will begin Thursday, February 24. Watch the Exponent for game schedules. '■ —PICKERING.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST—Cameo ring. Finder will please return to W. W. Tieman, 443 Vine street. Reward.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
CE 6 Students: Students interested in a Summer School course in Surveying 6 should see me in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building before March 1. —LOMMEL.
English Condition Examinations: In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday, March 12, 1 p. m., in Education Building, room 201. —CREEK.
Sophomore Co-ed Exponent Workers: Schilling, Sawdon, and Henry work Wednesday, February 23. Wickard, Martens, and Steffee work Thursday, February 24. Wimborough, Thrasher, and Johnson work Friday, February 26. —McKEE.
Newman Club: Discussion group will meet in room A of the Union Building Thursday, February 24, at 7 p. m. —McCONAHAY.
dents who wish to take this examination must report to the instructor who gave the condition before March 1. —MARSHALL.
Purdue Badminton Club: Meeting of all members at the co-ed gym, Thursday, February 24 at 7 p. m. Those who wish to play, come equipped. —GOLDSTEIN.
Freshman Union Committees: Matthews: E. Hoffer, Jane Halton ; Samuelson: G. P. Hallade; Millholland: T. L. Gardner; Taylor : Lucy Meurer; Crossman: Jane Halton ; Wood: Lucy Meurer. 2-24 —CROSSMAN.
Riflery; Schedules for Group 1 will be posted Thursday, February 24, at 4 p. m. —SCHNEBLIN.
E-4 Battery: Freshmen desiring to participate in basketball, see me in room 201, Armory, at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 24. Merits will be awarded. —SCHNEBLIN.
Playshop Stage Crew: All members are urged to co-operate in ‘‘Of Thee I sing.” Playshop hours will be given for working every day in the sub-basement of the Union Building at 4 p. m. 2-25 —BRENMAN.
Co-ed Archers: Those interested in indoor archery please see me. 2-26 —SCHWEN. Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Thursday February 24, at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union. Pledges be prepared for written test. List of membeis may now be obtained at Alpha Chi Rho house. -^WEDLEIGH.
Chinese Students’ Club: Regular meeting will be held in room A of the Union Building, Saturday, February 26, at 1 p. m. —SOO-HOO.'
WSGA; Members of activity committee please turn in their reports. 2-26 —JONES.
Playshop Board: Group pictures for the Debris will be taken in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building, Thursday, February 24, at 7 :60 p. m. —LEWIS.
Gala Week Committee: Group pictures for the Debris will be taken in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building, Thursday, February 24, at 7:30 p. m. —LEWIS.
Interfraternity Presidents’ Ball Committee; Group pictures for the Debris will be taken in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building, Thursday, February 24, at 7:40 p. m. —LEWIS.
Christian Science Lecture: Judge Frederick C. Hill, of Los Angeles, Cal., will speak Thursday, February 24, in the faculty lounge at 7:46 p. m. Public invited. —BROWN.
Conditions in Mathematics: Examinations for the removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday, March 19 at 1 p. m. in the Recitation Building. Stq.-
NYA: NYA checks for the period ending Februaiy 9 aie now available at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. 2-26 —HOLLENSBE.
PSA: Meeting February 24 at 7:30 in room F of the Union. —MIRKIN.
Men’s Glee Club: Meet at Union at 7:60 P m. Februaiy 24. —PHILLIPS.
Student’s Bible Class: Meeting in room C of the Union February 24, from 7 to 8 p. m. Rev. Ainslie will discuss the subject “The Mark of the Beast." Ail students are cordially Invited —BURBRINK.
Union Workers: My committee report to Union office Thursday, February 24, at 4 p. m. —CROSSMAN.
PIA Skating Party: Scheduled for Friday night, February 26, has been postponed indefinitely —SCHLUNDT.
PIA Dancing Classes: Beginners will meet at 6:30 p. m. Thursday, February 24, in the Women’s Gymnasium. Those beginners who have had one lesson meet at 7 :30 p. m 'Thursday, February 24. The first meeting of the advanced class will meet at 6 :00, Monday, February 28. Sign up in the PIA office or at the class. —CLYMER.
WAA Basketball: February 24, at 4 p. m. WRH North vs. Alpha Xi Delta; Kappa Alpha Theta vs. Ward 2. At 4 :30 p. m. Ward 3 and 4 vs. Pedalion ; Alpha Chi vs Ward 1. —MORRIS.
WAA Tumbling: Tumbling practice February 24 at 3 :00. —COOK.
Triton Club: Meeting February 24 at 7 :30 p. m. Members bring money for emblem. Open swim at 8:30. —WALKER.
Newman Club: The meeting of the discussion group scheduled for today will be postponed until March 3. —McCONAHAY.
This is a Bad Year for Moths — but you have ample protection in Crow^n Cleaning. All wool garments Crown Cleaned are mothproofed at the same operation by MONITE moth proofing process.
HE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
E S
7/
Ci&seSIktwver No blades, no soap, no lotions to bny. Costs less than a penny a month to operate* Y our first cost is practically your last cost when you buy one of the new Remington Rand Close-Shavers. Less than a penny a month for electricity will pay for fast, close shaves. Lifetime construction ... new precision shearing head... double cutting surface... combing bar that lifts flat hairs... special Wegtinghouse motor... year’s guarantee of materials^ and workmanship. / This is in our opinion the finest dry shaver on the market. It delivers the close shaves others 'promise! Price mcludes a fine quality pigskin aipper case, cord and cleaning brush. Phone 6417 DECKER’S 518-520 Main St. Also Sunbeam and Packard Electric Shavers
%
$15.75 Complete with Pigskin Zipper Case