'1,
EDIT COMMENTS On Isoiatlofiist Point Of Vie^^v
THREE MORE DAYS Until Old Oaken
Bucket Comes Home
EstablisKed 18S9
Voflume 55, Ho. 48
Purdue Universify, West Lafeyeite, Indiana
Thursday, November 19, 1942
Union Schedules Levant For Mixer Gold Peppers To Announce Pledging Of New Members Phil Levant and his orchestra “with distinctive smoothness” has been booked to replace Joe Sanders’ band at. the ■ regular Union Mixer this Friday night. The Union has announced that the change of bands is due' to^ a list minute arrangement for a permanent booking of Joe Sanders’ band. Phil Levant, composer of “Afterglow” and Marquette University’s “Victory March”, ad-
vertises music that has “distinctive sinoothness in rhythm”. Levant, a viola soloist, started his orchestra between classes at Crane College in Chicago of which he is an
Phil Levant
Gold Peppers, coed honorary, which selects members on the basis of scholarship and leadership in campus activities, will announce its pledges at this mixer. The pledging will take place at 10 p. m. in the Union Ballroom in front of the backdrop which will carry out the theme of the pledging. As the pledges are introduced by Harriette Simons, president of Gold Peppers, and Dottie Weber, pledge mother, their names will be revealed on the backdrop. A reception for the new pledges and their dates will take place at 10:30 in the Old Chestnut Room.
alumnus. He has played at theaters and hotels there since he was 19. Embarrassing Moments Levant has had his moments of embarrassment, too. Once when he hutfibllly changed into dinner clothes, he forgot to change his golf shoes. A guest called it to his attention, -when -he was on the stage leading the band, and Levant spent the time until intermission hiding his feet behind one another. When asked by students of Maiquette University to name the ten modern songs that he thought would live on, the ones receiving his vote were “Stardu.st”, “SCLouis Blues”, “The Last Round-Up”, “When Day Is Done”, “My Blue Heaven”, “Ida”, “Alexander’s Ragtime Band”, “Dinah”, “12th Street Rag” and “Bugle Call Rag”. The mixer will last from 8:30 to ri:30 and the price is the usual $1.10. (• i nn ' University To Show Movies On Methods Of Army Training “How the Army Handles Its Teaching Problems,” a six reel sound motion picture film illustrating how the army is training its men through organized techniques, will be shown tonight in the Music Hall at 7:30. Although the showing is open to everyone, it is intended especially for members of the Navy, ROTC, juniors and seniors, and all member of the teaching, research and extension staffs of the Univer-
sity.
Having been prepared as part of the, Army training program and used in training camps, this film has beep made available to the University through the courtesy of the United States Army. It is being loaned for public showing by the Military Department of the University, and is also under the sponsorship 'of the schools and depart- , ipents of engineering. Dr.T.K. Cowmen, Ag Staff Attend Farm tonvention Dr. T. K. Cowden and other agricultural statf members are attending the twenty-fourth annual conVentioh of the Indiana Farm Bureau, Inc., which convened yesterday in the Murat Temple, Indianapolis, for a two-day meeting. Formerly the convention has held through a three-day session; however, farm leaders throughout the state have recommended that the session be cut one day, as they al-e too busy to spend more time froin their War work on the farm. Restrictions on tires and the inability to charter buses probably will reduce the attendance below that of former years, when 6,000 have attended, according to Mr. Brandon, Secretary of the State Association.
Dr. Gilbreth Addresses Seminar
t
Speaker Lists Program Of Domestic Action “The changing economic status of American women during the current war effort calls for con.stant and far reachin.g adjustment.^ in family relationships within the home,” stated Dr. Lillian Gilbreth before 76 members of the Social Science Seminar last night in the Union Building. Last night’s meeting was the third of the current school year, and was presided over by Prof. Cecelia Schuck of the Home Economics school. Dean Mary L. Matthews introduced the speaker. The speaker stated that the last
LoW
Prof. Lull To tPl^y
Lead"ln 'jii^ Dandy' Repeat performance of “Jim Dandy,” thd Saroyan play which was given during the, past summer by Playshop, will be given at 8 p. m. both tomorrow night and Saturday. Proceeds are to go to the Navy Relief Fund-. The original cast will present this unusual hlay, which has no definite plot and a
rather surrealistic theme.
Interest centers about^ the mixture of people that Jim Dandy, portrayed by Prof. P-. E. Lull, meets in a public library and the action is enlivened by such items as steps that lead nowhere, a revolving door
and a semi-strip tease. Indiana Coed Plays Dancer
The part of the pessimist is played by Richard Kohls, the op-
Third Group Of Trainees
To Cremate
Remains Friday
Bloomington, Ind., (Special to the Purdue Exponent)—Student morale hit a new low here today, when the painful announcement was made of the death of the very spirit of the Cream and Crimson football team. Stricken with grief at the thought
of the fate of her boys Saturday, Graduation exercises for the third when they will make an attack on company of trainees to complete its the Boilermaker stronghold in La- work in the Naval Training School
fayette. Miss Indiana succumbed to
an ever-peaceful sleej).
The late Miss Indiana fell sick with grief just three days ago, when news from the Boilermaker en-
ebates Open T oday Thirteenth Annual Conference Attracts 800 Youthful Speakets Approximately 800 youthful speakers are expected to attend the thirteenth Indiana State High School Debater’s Conference which will be in session here at the University today and tomorrow. The advance registration has surpassed all expectations, with over 700 debaters having registered so far. The largest delegation is coming from Fort Wayne and numbers 196
•high school speakers.
The opening session of the conference will feature addresses by H. B. Allman, of Muncie, president of the Indiana State Teachers Association, and Dr. Clement T. Malan, State Super-
intendent of Public Instruction. The conference will take the form of a legislative assembly patterned after the House of Congress in Washington. Each school represented at the conference will be allowed to elect one senator and a number of representatives in accordance with the number of students from that school that are attending the conference. At the - - - opening session of the assem-
bly Fred M. Eichorn, of Gary,
were held in the Music Hall last
night.
Of the company of 200 men who reported here in late July from the naval training stations at Great
timist by Arthur Barab, Jim Crow campment leaked through to Bloom- Newport, R. I., 175 freshman class officers is expected
. . . who will replace Joe Sanders at Union Mixer Friday night.
by George Hudson, the dancer by Jeanne Nigg, while Betty Jane Mowiy, who is now attending Indiana University, is returning to take the same part in the play that
she took this summer.
Larry Myers takes the part of Johnny, the young man with one foot in the grave; and the part of his son is played by Edward Clark and Jackie Schaup, who will alternate for the two nights. Crew heads are Grant Fielden and Walt Neu-
ington that the team and students were pieparing a special welcome for her highly overrated team of
cricket players. No Worry Bird
Warned by her generals that her
completed the courses successfully and graduated as Electrician Mates, third class. Lt. Commander H. M. Hart awarded the certificates of rating, with approximately 600 undergraduate Bluejackets witnessing the presentation. Graduation
invading forces were much too weak addresses weie delivered by A. A. to take the offensive at this time. Potter, Dean of Engineering, and she informed them that plans for R- P- Stewart, University con-
the battle had progressed too far, troller.
and that there was no turning back. Special Awards Made She then proceeded to look for her In addition to the petty officer
Chairman of the Indiana Public Service Commission, who will serve as presiding officer over the student senate, and James M. Knapp, of Hagerstown, who is taking the position as the Speaker of the House, will be inHcated campus campaigning for troduced.
At a noon luncheon for members
and officers of the Indiana Association of Teachers of Speech. Dr. Georg,e Beauchamp from the Office of Civilian Defense in W'ashington will speak on “The Role of the Speech Teacher in the War Effort”.
(See DEBATERS, page 4)
during the remainder of this week The freshman board will consist of seven members instead of four as
has been the case in the past. All freshmen planning to run for
office should obtain their petitions for $1 at the Student Senate office. These petitions, complete with one hundred signatures of freshmen eds, must be returned to the Senate
office by 6 p. m. tomorrow. Voting will take place on Tuesday
in the great hall of the Union from
bauer, replacing George Zissis and worry-bird, but being unable to find ratings, two outstanding boys of 8 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. Any first
John Clark, Myer Evanson, Anne Rradloy, -Lee Fishback and Mary Osborne. Betty Gray is stage manager. Tickets, which may be purchased at the Fowler Hall office, are 50 cents. Season tickets accompanied by 25 cents will also be accepted for admission.
Announcing that there may be a shortage of gas for civilian use, the WPB asks college students to gOt^oasy on the gas facilities in theii' institutions. This means the cutting down on the use of hot water by filling the basin for washing and
brought political equality to shaving instead of letting the water
it, fell deathly sick with grief. Having always met the most painful events of her life on the Lafayette campus. Miss Indiana requested that her last bid against fate be made there. Her ren^ains will be shipped north by special train tonight. The Boilermakers have agreed to dispose of them in a fitting ceremony, and will conduct a gigantic funeral procession to Stuart field tomorrow night, whereupon Miss Indiana’s body will be cremated after due ceremony.
Cheerful Funeral
More news has leaked out of the
Boilermaker colony stating that the executive board yesterday
the company were awarded pen and pencil sets by Ensign Harold E. Tourney, commander of the third company, for scholarship and “mos,t deserving” qualities. Ralph E. Bietz of Burr Oak, Mich., won the schplarship award, and Norman A. Morris of Detroit, Mich., was given the award for being the most deserving
Student.
war
American women, and it was entirely possible that this war would bring them “economic equality.” This might involve a system of “maternity logves” during periods of child beaiing, and would neces-
run freely. Hot water should be used sparingly in the bath tub and shower lovers are urged to co-
operate.
The WPB reports that the increased use of gas in making war
sitate the development of some sys- materials—rubber, chemicals, and
tern of supervision for children in those areas whore a largo number of women are working. Dr. Gilbreth suggested the following programs of action in American homes to enable them better to cope with the pioblems arising out of the war: 1. The development and use of a “family council” in which the problems facing the family are solved in a democratic way and/each member of the family feels some responsibility for the execution of and program undei taken. 2. A self-analysis by each member of the family to determine if he is contributing more to the family than he is costing the family in terms of work and worry on the part of others. 3. The stating of every problem that may face the family as clearly as possible in order that an intelligent effort may be made to dig under the “.surface” problem and to get at the “real” problem before a solution is effected. 4. A conscious and intelligent effort to maintain the emotional stability of young people in the family during tt^ese emotionally unstabluxdays.
metal—demands that civilian consumption must be decreased.
funeral procession will progress from the Memorial Union, and will include such dignitaries as the entire Military band, “Red” Mackey, Elmer Burnham, and many membci's of the team. The coaches and the team will, during the ceremony, confirm the students’ confidence that the team will be fighting with everything they have on Saturday.
Sports Staff Sports edition Sunday.
—ARMSTRONG
afternoon, the following coeds were nominated as officers for next semester: President, Dorothy Cornthwaite and Mabel Vaughan; secretary, Margaret Meltzer and Carol Roblee; treasurer, Doris Dombey and Jean Thompson; junior representative, Beth Ludberg and Lois Veit; sophomore representative
(two to be elected) Julia Jones, sion during Corps Day on Tuesday
second semester ed is eligible to vote, but must present his pass-
port.
The ed receiving the greatest number of votes will assume the office of president of the freshman class. The other six positions on the board will be evenly divided between the organized and unorganized male freshmen. The victors will have many responsibilities. They will select the dates for the pot-burning and the freshman dance. Theirs will be the responsibility of leading a class harrassed by the uncertainties of
War.
ROTC Cadets Receive Awards At Corps Day Three outstanding University cadets were honored at a pep ses-
On Student
Martha McCulloch, Betty Murphy
and Maiy Lou Cteinberg.
Elections will be held on December 2 from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. in the Union. Passports must be shown.
Dressing Toikey^-Painlessly . turkey Killing^ V. V IMahy IntFicate
Involve
Maury Mahns
’ ... will play at the Union “Victory” Mixer after the game Satur-
By Ralph Howes Most of us get no end of enjoyment out of the traditional piece of turkey on Thanksgiving Day. Yet We gluttonous creatures fail to realize that the turkey which 'we aee on that festiye oinner table is the product of many days of patient feeding and qareful watching on the part of the turkey-raiser. This producer must not only raise a good bird but he must use great care in dressing the bird so that it presents tin atti'active and appetizing appeai'ance to the prospective con-
sumer,
The age-old process of dressing the turkey for market roquiriJs considerable care and experience. Having caught a few turkeys, the person will determine the degree of finish of each individual bird by parting the feathers and piilching
Processes Vary The process used by an expert varies considerably from the obsolete neck - on - the-block-axe-on-neck method. The modern turkey-killer
knife. First inserting it
roof of the bird’s mouth and then into the rear of its skull; in this l)osition the knife is carefully rotated so that all of the bird’s hind
suspends his victim at chest height, brain is thoroughly destroyed and
head hanging down, and then, using a special knife with a blade three and a half inches long and threeeighths of an inch wide, he holds the turkey’s head firmly in his left hand and the knife is inserted in the bird’s mouth to a point just back of the skull at the side of the neck. Exerting a slight pressure on the blade and drawing out the knife, the turkey’s jugular vein is sliced in two, and, using a weighted can with a hook on it, to catch the blood the fowl is allow'ed to bleed for about
30 seconds.
The turkey having been deprived of most of his blood is completely
thus all of the muscles in the turkey’s body are relaxed and the feathers may be easily removed.
Head Feathers Remain
The large wing and tail feathers are removed first followed by the breast, and then the back,feathers. All of the pinfeathers and feathers are removed except those on the head. The head feathers are left on the bird so that the dresser can identify which turkey is which when
by the Indiana Sons of the American Revolution. The awards were presented by Prof. G. W. Monro, S. W. Fairman, and H.’D. Vene-
mann.
Cadet Lt. Col. G. H. Freundlich, senior EE, DesPlaines, Illinois, was the winner of the award offered to the most outstanding junior militaiy student in command. Cadet 2nd Lt. C. E. Erikson, junior ME, Brooklyn, New York, was the winner of the award offered to the sophomore Chief of Section whose section won the gun squad competition. Cadet V. A. Miller, sophomoie ChE, Benton Harbor, Michigan, was the winner of the award offered to
j ' “ the freshman Chief of Section into th^ whose section won in freshman gun
competition.
A pep session followed, with songs led by A1 Stewart, and a speech by Tex Smerke, senior end and highest scorer on the football team. Another pep session is planned for Corps Day today, with songs, cheers, and a speech by another member of the team.
Kemler Attends
Meeting At Chicago
Dr. E. N. Kemler attended the
meeting held recently in Chicago by the American Petroleum Insti-
Approximately 700 students on the cam.pus have received postal cards from the Activities Bureau, requesting that they report to the bureau for an interview. The survey is being conducted for the pm pose of obtaining information from the students concerning the advantages or disadvantages of the extracurricular activties, and possible means of modifying or improviiij; them in relation to the war effort. The response to the postal cardi has been very favorable for the first day of the survey. All students who have received cards from the bureau and who have not yet presented themselves for the short interview are asked to report as soon
as possible.
Various Questions Asked Questions that will be asked of the students are to aid in deterra. ing the number of hours spenr on activities, the specific benefits of activties, and the amount of outside work done jjy the students. Opinions concerning the curtailment of activties during- the war emergency, possibility of substituting activties with war work, limitation of time spent on activities to give more time for studying, and the effect that any cuitailraent might have on the students are among the other questions that will be asked of those interviewed. Glen Tobias Wins Hays Cup; Cary Hail Retains^ C. H. Ankeny Award In the final competition of the Beveridge Speech Contest held last night at 7:30, the Hays Cup, first place award, was won by Glen Tobias, freshman engineer. Second place was taken by Robert Guion of Cary Hall, and third place was taken by Robert Dyer, also of Cary Hall. These two men being listed among the winner gave Cary Hall the Ankeny Cup, which is awarded to the organized group having the greatest number of winners in the contest. James Ritter of Kappa Sigma was fourth, Maurice Gohlmann of Sigma Chi was fifth, and Mirio Pagliarulo of Lambda Chi Alpha
the job is completed.
Next the bird is cooled down to tide concerning the simplification was sixth,
room temeperature and his neck and lower legs are cut off. The insides of the bird are removed, the
day night. Union officials have not, off a piece of skin from the breast dead and the only thing that re- cavity is then cleaned out with
w'ater, and the heart, liver and neck are placed inside of the bird. As a final step the turkey is tied neatly
and we can proceed to the next .step make it easier to remo’gp the tur- together with a piece of st!,'ing leav- tices, general materials, and the en-
in dressing the bird, which is the key’s overcoat. Again the turkey ing him in a compact form ready gineering sub-committee on lubi^lar place winnei' as the representative
•actual killing of the fowl. dresser carefully weilds his special for the oven. goods. ' of Cary Hall.
as yet, announced in whose honor the dance will be given, but hope to dub it the “Gold and Black Victory Mixer”. The dance wfill last from 8:30 until 11:30, and tickets will sell for $1.10, tax included.
or underneath a wing. If the pinch of skin is soft and yellow the turkey has the light degree of finish
mains is the destroying of thhbrajn cells of the bird which will relax the muscles holding the feathers and
of standards and specifications and problems related to the present
emergency.
It has been announced that Dr. Kemler js to serve on the following of the Institute’s committees:
The judges for the contest were Prof. R. G. Thomas.of the Economics Department, Captain Ben H. Petty of the Civil Engineering School, and Dr. A. H. Monroe of the Speech Department. Dr. Monroe presented
“Speed Reducers,” production prac- the Hays trophy to Glen Tobias and
the Ankeny trophy to the secondiKSiil
fF’'
Perdue Exponent Offices: Edilortal and Business Purdue Memorial Uniofi, Phone 4005 t, Sports, Fieldhouse, Phoiie 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Krtitnr-in-Chirf Nows Kdiinr. MHrnciiijr Editor. . Sports Editor H;'siiic.rs Manuftor . Coedi Editor
_.,..Iahn F. Amoa Don T. Broph; John A. Armstrong Robert L. Asdlej’ Ken K. Gpemre Alice Chstfleld
Publication Staff
Associate Editors Ed!t<?rinl Staff : D. W. Ochciltree, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, D. 'E. Blitz, W, G. Hoskins, R. W. Boswinkle, K. Rbqucmore,
S. Wolf,
Sports Sinff: D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, D. Shryer, C. Sownrd.s, ' ' (kiri Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Laucr, Elaine
Ahren.s.
, r Business Staff Coed niif^incs's Manager: Julia Martin.
.Ad^ertiwinp Managers: ,1.^. Wright, D. L. Johnson, J. Petty,
(’irculafion Manager: G. H. Klouman. Act tiUnls Manager: Trcna Torrenga.
Junior C'oed Managers: Ellen Clarlc, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent EdTor-in-Chief Ma'.iaging Editor Husincs.s. Manager Cued Editor Advertising Manager Accounts Manager..;..: F
(’irralation Manager
Dave Barta ........EM Humpfirey ..i .Blwin Wdbatixn .. .Roberta Kessler ....Scott Brown ...George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
N'ighi Fdilor : Vegh I>i?y Editor: Par.sonS
Sports Editor: Ackerman Issue Editor: Gandy
• Reporters: Gregory, irolland. Abboit. Tilton. HelfTrich, .TIahn, I.'., I it.nhnm, Snmk-'vs, Slobcr, Smcltzer, Murphy., Khlrrcd a:i second clafvs matter at the post office in Lafayott'. Indiiin:^ under ih? act of Congress of March 3, 1879, aritl at fhv sju-cia! rate of postage provided for in. section llOo.- act of October 3, 1917. authorized January 20, 1922, I'ul.iiiijlifd on Tui.-sday, Thursday, E'riday and Sunday mornings dnrih ’.cUu- year. Delivered locally by carrier for S?1.75 for a n-f.-U r or .00 for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a k; )V,-.-i( r or for two semesters. r nK'f tt r ; mailed subscription $1.60. I'.orr ■-( nted for national advertising by NationaT Adverlisiig S.rviie, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Arc.. New York, N. Y. , ,
Purdue Exponent
thureday, iVoperitber 19, 1942
cm
BEAR IT
By Lickty
Pacificists Persist Allliough the isolationists and the pacifists vi’ero suppo.sed to be a thing of the past after PLUii Harbor, there are still some speakers ajjpearing before the public who have not as yet adopted an intelligent attitude toward the war. This type of speaker appears to be especially plentiful among the clergymen who find it extremely hard to sanction the killing and bkiod.shed which necessarily accompanies a. war. An example of this type of speaker was b^^ought forcibly to our attention last Sunday morning when we heard an address presented befar.e the congregation of the Baptist Church by Paul Arthur Schilpp, associate professor of philosophy at Northwestern University. Dr. Schilpp, who was on the campus taking part in the Religious Emphasis Week program, gave an anti-violence, anti-war talk in which he condemned the fighting now progre.s.sing in Africa and the Solomons, as usele: s, and argued that it would be better to ,; .:l fighting now. He pointed out the failure of the last war to save democracy and quoted examples to show that wars never accomplish their purpose. He listed the actions of Christ, Socrates, aiid Gandhi as outstanding examples of none iulence and ui’ged the immediate adoption of Universal Christianity along with the cessatio.u of ho.stilities. I ] e denounced the statement of General McNair which urged the armed forces to learn la hate and to kill. According to Schilpp, the Amei'ican people would be placed in the same category with the people who called for the crucifixion of Christ if they learn to hate and to kill their enemies. Such a speech might have been appropriate during peace time, but even then the possibility cf attaining Universal Christianity wou'd .seem to^rave been exceedingly slim. The ;.])cc;ch certainly was not timely and in the inind.s of mapy people was almost eqjial to a.n act of sedition. The people of the congre;.’ation did not appreciate the sermon and sevci al ha\ e threatened to investigate the speakc.jkJ his anti-war ideas. Although his basic plan for the abolition of war is probably desired by all people, we cannot quite fighting until we have won. It would ;r; pitposterous for us to quit fighting at the pwcut lime in the hope of establishing a bhri.stian relationship with the Axis nations, ihe plan of non-violence suggested by this speaker could only lead to the domination of this country by its enemies and would not s ,:ive llic problem of wars and the accompanying hilling. Di'. iSchillp was born in Germany and become a natuj'aiized citizen of the United States in HJ2IJ. Although this is still a land of free speech, we leel that this man should be more carclul of what he says pa|'ticularly now that ^^■e ai'e at war. Anyone who advocates peace ^. idl the Axis at the pre.senttime places himssi. m a questionable position and may .jbring hdn.self under the scrutiny of the Federal Burm.u of investigation. If the speaker is so inucli In favor of non-violence, it would seem ic.gical to suggest that he return to Germany w liei e Id;; theory might do some good. i he cliLirches of this nation have a very imjioriiint part to play in thi.<5 war in attending to the .spiritual needs of the country. Certainly, they shoud clean house and remove such as “this man from their r^nks or they will crumble and wither away in the eyes of the people.—d.e.b.
, J _ »«i) u i p.i ok , MERRY-GO-ROUND
By DREW PEARSON
Major jimmy Ropseyell' Proves Heroic Commander; Eberstadfr Keeps Armstrong WASHINGTON—When Wendell Willkie conferred with Stalin in Moscow, the Russian leader was critical of the British for sidetracking American lendlease goods in Scotland and substituting for them
inferior British war supplies,
, The inside story of this can now be told—a story which Stalin apparently did not know when he talked to Willkie. ’ Last summer, a shipment of Airacobras was en route to Russia from the United States'and the convoy stopped to refuel, in the British Isles. At that time, Gen.; Eisenhower, preparing for . the second front in Africa, asked that these fast fighting planes be given ■ to him instead of being sent on to Russia. Gen. Eisenhower was so insistent that the finally went. to Prime Minister Churchill personally, who finally agreed that the Airacobras be sidetracked for use on the forthcoming African front; That was why Stalin never got them,
• Major Roosevelt'
This crolumn threw plenty of harpoons into Jimmy Roosevelt in the old Boston insurance days, so now it takes pleasure in evening up the score, fhe real story of what Major Roosevelt has been doing in the Marine Coi’ps is gradually leaking out through his comrades. It would have been on the front pages if he were not the. President’s son. ' Jimmy is a member of the Raiders, equivalent to the British commandos, the most dangerous branch of the Marine Corps. As such he landed on Makin Island in the mid-Pacific, to wipe out a Jap base. Going ashore from a submarine in a rubber boat, Roosevelt’s party upset seven times on an outer reef • before they finally reached the island. Then the Raiders wiped out the Jap garrison, ranged through the i.staiid for two days until every Jap was exterminated. During the raid, the Japs sent in two big troop transport planes to retake the island. Roosevelt’s men were armed only with light calibre machine guns. But they waited until each plane was close to the ground, then opened up full force and wiped out each plane. Five of Roosevelt’s men were killed, and about 130 Japs. When the job was done, Roosevelt took his men out on rubber boats, finally found their submarines. Men whOjhave served with Jimmy pay him great tribute, say he has the courage of a leal leader, inspires confidence. No one seeing his' unshaven for , days, looking gaunt and hungry on the battle front would ever recognize him as the son of the President.
• Gen. Eisenhower's Joke
Gen. Dwight Eisenhower, leader of the African expedition, has a rich sense of humor as well as the qualities of military leadership. Here is a story he
tells on himself.
While in Washington some time ago, a newly commissioned cellophand captain had asked to have a telephone installed, and when it was late, he hit the ceiling. Calling the staff sergeant on another phone, the captain proceeded to give him the bawling out of
his life.
Finally a voice at the other end said: “Do you know who you’re talking to ?” There was a pause. Finally the captain replied; “Who?” “This is General Eisenhower.” Another pause. “General, do you know who you are talking to?” asked the captain.
■ “No.’l
“Thank God for that!” said the captain, who apparently renieinbered the gag from “Panama Hattie.” « Overruling Roosevelt' More and more it looks as if Ferdinand Eberstadt, the Wall Street broker, is becoming the most powerful man in the War Production Board and one of the most pon'x;rful in the government. It hasn’t leaked out yet, but recently he managed to overrule the Vice President of the United States, the Undersecretary of State, and Lend-Lease Administrator Ed Stet-
tinius.
Some time ago, Ebei'stadt appointed as chief of WPB Export Priorities, Major Tom Armstrong, of Standard Oil of New Jersey, who had operated in various Latin American countires. Armstrong had been vigorous in bucking the development of Latin Americati Government-owned oil companies, and the Latin, Americans don’t like him. Therefore, they squawked when they heard he would now sit in the all-important priorities position where he could decide whether they could, or could not, receive oil equipment to develop their government-owned industries in competition with Standard and private companies. Undersecietary of State Welles agreed with the Latin Americans, and protested to the President. So did Vice President Wallace of the BEW, and also Stettinius, who buys lend-lease oil equipment for Latin American governments. As a result of these protests, Roosevelt ordered Donald Nelson to dismiss Major Armstrong. Howeve Eberstadt in effect has overruled the President. He insisted that Armstrong remain. • Military Diplomacy Gen, Dwight Eisenhower has.a lot of tough jobs in Africa, and one of them, which doesn’t get into the headlines, is to be the diplomatic negotiator among high French officials. Among other things, he has been very adroit in handling Gen. Giraud, who escaped from France dressed as an old woman and who now is in command of French forces in North Africa. Actually, Gen. Giraud expected to be co:nmander of all forces in North Africa, both French and American. He is one of the highest generals in the French ai’iny, and before France fell, would have i’cplaced Gen. Gamelin as Chief of Staff had he not been taken prisoner. Therefore, since he outranks Eisenhower and has had much more varied experience, it is not unnatural that Giraud should aspire to be comman-der-in-chief of the entire North African operation, including the U. S. Army. ' Eisenhower, however, has a charming personality, a bzoad grjn, a smattering of French, and had little trouble in handling Gen. Giraud. Another complication was the fact that Giraud hates Admiral Darlan. Yet Darlan, as a member of the qafaiiiet, outranks him. In addition, there is Gen. Nogues, another top-ranking officer. So it has been worked out that Nogues commands (he French dvif population, Giraud the French Army, and Darlan the French
fleet.
(Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Jnc.)
m.
Love makes the world go around, but then, soido'es a good swallow-of tobacco juice. Anyway, love is sweeping the cduhti'y: We ought to know. We got brushed off twice last night. Today we are going over .to the Sweet Shop to interview that Casanova of the campus, jftannibal
Before we get into the interview/ perhaps, it would be better if yye told you a little about Twerk first. He has that certain something that turns heads—and stomachs, tqo. Of course, we wouldn’t want to sfiy' anything about him unless it Was good^—and, man, is this good. So nfUdh of his time is spent in the Sweet Shop that’a sample of his blood'giveri to the Red Cross came back marked “Coca-Cola”. It’s easy to see that Hannibal is not only cooking with gas, but inhaling it, too. ,! ' . When we came into the Sweet Shop, we saw Hannibal standing, at the bar, trembling all over and asked him the-cause dfitliese strange actions, “Oh,” he exclaimed, “Pm not shaking. I’ve jus.t gob a hangover from a pin-ball machine. Be careful liot to rub agai,nst this,arm. I’m sore all over that side. On Dad’s day week end bur ibgUse Wab so crowded, that once I scratched my back and forty-five’ ptifyfie tfn.swered ‘ah’. There were eight people sleeping in my bed. Once one didn’t heal:' the turn-over 1 signal and got his arm broke.” ^ Since we wanted to interview Twerk on the romantic side of his life, we asked him how he came to be called't-he “Casanova of the campus”. “I owe all my success to Blimpo Soap,’ ’he replied. “Surely you’ve heard of Blimpo Soap. They advertise ‘Use Blimpo Soap. UoesnT lather! Doesn’t bubble! Doesn’t clean! It’s .jlist’company in the shower’.
We’re living at a hotel now—our cobk got so domifieering mac we decided to simply walk out of the house and show her we can get along Avithdut her!” University Calendar Thursday, November 19
“Since I am such a great authority on love matterSi” Hannibal continued, “people often Come to me fbr advice. Last Week a girl toldi ine her pin man took her to the show, sat in the balcony, and then-threw her into the oichestia. She wanted to know if he still loved her. Of course, the answer is obvious. He still loves her because if he' had wanted to, they could have satin the second balcony. Then he could have saved money and thrown her farther. . '
All Day High School Debate Conference. Union Building 3:00P.M. Screen Review .. .Hall of Music 8:30 P.M, Playshop—For Debaters ......Eliza Fowler Hall All Day High School Debate Conference....'.;Union Building
“And then there’s the question of whether a girl should neck' before seventeen. Personally, I think that’s rhuch toolai'ge aci'owd. In regards to my own experiences, all the girls I have kissed make one observation about my technique, but I wish to state flatly at this time that I have never wrestled alligators for a living.
Navy News By D. W. Hart, Y3c A new school within a school Will be included in the curriculum at Naval Training School Saturday when the first classes of seamen are convened for instruction in general knowledge of the working .parts of
the Navy.
The courses will be based primarily on subjects all enlisted men should know—referred to by Naval personnel as the “Navy A to N”. These classes will meet every Saturday morning from 8 until 12 o’clock and all trainees in the .electrical .school, will be enrolled in them. The instructors will be Ship’s
Company petty officers.
Purpose of the course will be to give every seaman in the school an auxiliary training in knowledge and procedure in the Navy which 'will instill in him a well rounded knowledge to increase his value to the Navy and himself when he has completed his technical training and is advanced to the fating of petty officer. It will result in. the school turning out petty officers of an ever
higher quality.
Typical of the subject to be pur-
sued in the auxiliary school will be instruction in discipline and duty; a study of cnlistiuent.s, discharges and courts-martial; pay and accounts; Navy customs and Naval organization; study of ships and routine on shipboai'd; personal hygiene and first aid; and other genci'al subjects. The courses Avill last 1,6 wrecks, the same, length of time used in training seamen to become petty officers of technical rates.. Wesley Players . . . . will hold a special laboratory meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Rumpus Room of the new Foundation Building. Bill Peterson, who Was president of the P'oundation last year, will be at the meeting and will read a play “The Family- Portrait.”
“I have my own problems, too. Last Saturday night I took my gii’l out riding and all she did was shake her head. Finally a.fter twenty-three .' Julies I found out that her nose was caught in the windshield wiper.'.! I call my girl ‘Appendix’ because it costs so much to take her ouL. She’'s ■ a real aristocrat. Claims her family came over on the ’April Sho-wei'’/ a month before the ‘Mayflower’.” , .
At tills point, we had to stop the interview as we had to rush down town to a second-hand store to get one for our watch. G’bye no'w. , ■ Today's Screen Review
News—9 min. Incredible Stranger-—11 min. Lure of the Surf—10 min. Emil Coleman Orch.—10 min. information Please—10 min..:...,. Daughter of Rosie O’Grady—20 min.. F. B. I. Front—20 min Army Mascot—8 min..:...,,.,....,,
.3:00-4:38 ^ .3:09—4:47 .3:20—4:58 ...3:30—5:08 .3:40—5:18 .3:50—5:28 .:.4:iq—„ ■ .''.4:30^5:48^ ■ Out ■'" 5.56
Buy War Bonds And Stamps!
LUMA TODAY-FRl.-SAT. TWO FIRST-RUN HITS
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
>■, ii
Kf
' 'iWr-
I^Jhut^^day^ November 19, 1942
' ? Boilermaker Spirts
Pitg^S
py^ters, Hoosiers Battle “ For Triaphy Saturday
T " Hi ' — Smerke Named Captain S ports CoinmumqueC! r- i i* ■- Bv Hadley O Fop Indiana Encounter
JT“ Old Oaken Bucket Stands Trial lor Eighteenth Time Saturday V'J'he Old Oakqii Bucket, cherished trophy of suprepiacy in Hbosihrdom's annual gridiron civil war which will be at stake the eighteenth time in the Ross-Ade Stadium here on SatuHay afternoon, can already boast an exciting life of over a Cj^tury, but it’s almost safe to say that none of its days have b^n more adventurous than those since 1925 when it was ofRef^ly ailopted as the award to 1 thfe^ victor in the unpredictable successful, to spirit the trophy away P|irdue-Indiana football series, from dts rightful owner. One of the > ?-T .i 1 . . i, most'exciting jaunts occurred after - / In its l^^^year history as the ^.J^g ]^93q Shipped from Latrpllhy of the Hoosier gridiron fayette to Indianapolis, where it was ehusp, the properly mildewed to be picked up by an authorized reeeptable, which came into being Indiana representative for display as" the result of the joint efforts of at a victory banquet, the Bucket was t^te Chicago alumni and Purdue and tuined over to a group of students Ifaidian?!, has hung in the Boilermak- who announced they formed a
et, Well ten times, remained on the “guard of honor”,
bjfhks of the Jordan in Bloomington The complexion of the guard befive times, and twice been more or gan to be questioned when the Buckless “orphaned” by ties. et failed to aiiive in Bloomington, Bofeket Found On Old Farm and a bewildered Purdue and IndiBefore removed from its original ana started a lengthy search. Just mporpgs, th^ authentic bucket had when hope was being abandoned, hi)lig~riHcrsome lime in the 1840’s the Bucket as mysteriously r-eap-in' a well on the old Bruner farm peared in Lafayette. Such incidents near Hanover. When oiiginally dis- became so common in the Bucket’s covered by an alumni expedition ^if® that today it is seldom seen on searching for an appropriate grid- public display unless caiefully irbn trophy, the bucket was moss- guarded, but remains safely locked dbvered, coated with green mold, up awaiting the day of each game, and some of the staves were giving Following the 1930 surprise. Purevidence of decay. To prevent its due came back with three successive dismemberment in its aging years victories, but in 1934 the Hoosiers of gridiron excitement, it was care- rose up again to knock the Boilerfplly repaired and provided with a makers out of a Big Ten title share suitable plaque, and so far has man- with an upset 17-6 triumph, Indiana aged to avoid being torn apart by regained possession of the trophy conflicting emotions. with a 7-0 victory in 1935 and then Appropriately enough, the bucket came the epic 20-20 tie of 1936 as played no favorites in its first ap- Cecil Isbell and Vernon Huffman pearance on a gridiron field in the took turns pitching touchdown
fall of 1926 as Purdue and Indiana passes.
battled to a 0-0 tie and shared pos- Cecil Isbell started Purdue back session of the trophy for the next on a three-game winning streak in year. For the next four years, how- 1937 as the Boilermakers took a 13-7 ever, the Bucket became acclimated decision, but Indiana, which has yet to Lafayette as the Boilermakers to score thiee victories in a row in scored foui- successive triumphs, the Bucket series, today awaits a Thdri came one of those upsets for chance to complete an unbroken trio
which the series is famous as Indi- of triumphs.
ana<turned in a surprise 7-6 triumph The Hoosier opportunity for its in 193Q:,) j , fiist “three-straight” was set up by Bucket Occasionally Disappears Gene White who kicked a field goal Not all of the excitement sur- in the last 13 seconds of play for a rounding the Bucket has been con- 3-0 victoiy in 1940'and Billy Hillenfined to the gridiron. Student in- biand whose touchdown gave the genuity has been stretched to the Bloomington aggregation a 7-0 ver-
limit in framing plots, ma'ny of them diet last yeai.
tHRlFTY
is the word! ”Oie’ sai oV laddie! W’at a neifty meal! Saive you-r-r money Bye citin’ at ihie: PURDUE UNION COFFEE SHOP A meal here is a treat ^ in any language. Drop in for an atttactive, ( well-served lunch!
finJlduSL TlflmufdoL lAnwvL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Meet The • Team^
^ s <
By Dave Wendell Familiar to every Riveter fan is the cheerful, ^ partially^ald, redhea4ed quarterback Vincent “Rocky” Snyder, who is now in his third season on the varsity. The “Rock" as he is kpown to his friends came to Lafayette from the football mad town of Massillon, Ohio, his high school teammates including several gridders who later gained fame at other colleges. Massilloif Fame ' Still another famous associate of his high school days was Paul BroWn, Cqmed mentor of the Ohio
Vincent “Rocky” Snyder
State Buckeyes, who coached the Massillon men to their great successes. “Rocky” lb the last of a long line of Massillon players who have starred for the Boilermakers. These stars include Augie Morningstar, Mike Byelene and Jim Miller, last year’s co-captain.^ Although he has seen thiee years of action for the Riveteis, “Rocky” confesses that his greatest thrill came in his high bchool days. During his senior year at Massillon he was named quarterback and captain of the All-Ohio team. This and the Ohio State game this year when he was named acting captain for the Boilermakers constitute the high points of Snyder’s football career. Gridiron To Marines After his graduation in Apiil, the “Rock” plans to enter the forces of the United States Marines. He is now anrolled in the Mai me reserve. After the war “Rocky” hopes to follow hi.s chosen collegiate field, Physical Education. His greatest ambition is to be as successful in the coaching field as his formei mentor, Paul Brown. “Rocky” is a member of Beta Theta Pi fraternity and has acted as secretaiy-treasuiei of the PMen’s Club this yeai.
The Wolverines, on the othet:=,Il|lijtiid# will have to lick both the Bucks and Iowa to gain a share in the title if‘Wikconsin drops the Minnesota Goph-
ers this week. ’ i ^ -
Minnesota and Iowa have h niaihematical chance of moving in on a share of the firsj^Vofiey ^ the proper combinations pop up in the scor.es of the next ^^eel^s.' They would both have a record of four wins and two losses provided both win their remaining contests. Here at W. Lafayette, Ind., the meeting between the Boilermakers and
the Hbosiers will not materially affect conference standings. At present, Ihdiaria holds seventh place ^with one win and two defeats, while the Boilermakers are hanging on to eighth with one triumph and three defeats. Neither team.-}ias a chance of displacing Northwestern from the cellar post. A win fo’ rthe Boilermakers would result in the two teams trading places. A i^in for Ii^iana would elevate them into a probable
three or four way tie for some’^not very desirable position. In the matter of scorin^Jn the Western Conference, it’s still Ohio State well out in the lead. They have averaged 26 points per contest in five conference games. A/f eifibarrassing note in these statistics is found in the fact that the Riveters have crossed the goal-line but twice in four games to average 2.5 pointa.per contest and trail the
conference in offensive power.
Down at lU they are “Remepibering ’37” when Cec Isbell took the chain dIF"of his injurcdjpassing arm and hurled the Boilermakeis to a
13-7 victory.
Again this year, the Hoosiers are going to be on the watch for the Boilermaker aerial warfare, which has shown moments of deadliness, with Smock, Berto, Andretich and Cycenas pitching them out to ends
McCaffry and gmerke.
Tomoriow night theie is scheduled the last, most important and biggest PEP SESSION of the year. Plans call for the most colorful and noisiest session on record. Expected attendance has been announced at over 6000. Let’s get together and help the team bring our bucket back. Boilermaker Cross Country Runners End Season Saturday In National Meet
Competition in the National Intel collegiate Meet will bring to a close the cross country season for the Riveter runners. The meet that was originated a few yeais ago will be held as usual over the Michigan State course in East Lansing, Michigan. Starting time for the meet is scheduled for eleven o’clock Saturday morning, rather than Monday as was originally planned. The change in the date was necessitated by the original plans for gas
I’ationing. _ ^ , . , , ^ Ashwell, Ed Seward, and Darrel
Coach Phillips plans to take five runners to this meet in place of the
usual seven men, because of trans- , , ’ ,, , _ . ning go to make up the team score,
portation. —
Captain
By Bbf Hadley
. ‘lift" 4. j . ■ XI, • 1 ^ XI, With the numerous “Beat I, U.” tags and the “Are We Gdilig This Saturday looms as an im.pj?rtant day in the jumbled race for the _ i , T
Western Conference title. At tails’particular moment, there are at least Win posters on every tree, staring them in the fBCe, tfle five teams still statistically with^reach of at least a share of the cham- underdog, but determined crew of 1942 Boilermakers went
pionship. ^ .. through a spirited practice session yesterday afternoon The Buckeyes of Ohio gat^ the best position to cop the title preparation for their Old Oaken Bucket clash with Indiana
by adding to theifi^resent reeo^g four wins and one loss, a triumph next Saturday, In the heavy drill yesterday. Coach Bumhatt over Michigan at Columbi^|^ Week end. That’s all they have charges through Va^-
^ous formations in an effort |o
improve the ground attackSome emphasis was placed oh the passing^attack and a chalk talk on the Indiana style was also
included.
Smerke Named Captain
Coach Burnham annouheed yesterday that Fred “Tex” Smerke, outstanding end for the Black knd Gold squad, will serve as acting captain for the Boilermakers in the approaching tilt with “Bo” McMiHifi’s Hoosiers of Indiana. This iS the second time this season that ginetke has been honored with this task- In the October fracas with Iowa’s Hawkeyes, “Tex” led his teammhtcs in one of the better Boilermaker performances, but a victory w^ woh by the Hawkeyes by a sad 13-7 score. Smerke is ranked as one of th^ nation’s best pass receivers, becailSe of his sticky fingered style. “Tex” is a converted quarterback and the change has apparently been for the best. In eight games this season. Smerke has snagged 16 passes for a net gain of 293 yards. He is pected to wage a duel with Pete Pihos, sensational sophomore end on the Hosier squad, who has accounted for 17 passes which were good
Fred “Tex” Smerke
IM Schedules
The following Basketball games for a gain of 210 yards. These tWo
7:16
day as the team took third place in the Western Conference meet in Chicago. He trailed Mitchell and' Labotka of Indiana and Dunn of Illinois acros the finish line. Duesler defeated Judge of Indiana who had crossed the tape ahead of him
in two pievious meets.
Lynch Finishes 11th At Chicago Kenny Lynch was the second Boilermaker to score as he ended the race in the eleventh slot. Others to score for the Riveters were Jim
will be played Thursday evening:
Court 1-t—George Emerson
7:00 Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Alpha
Kappa Lambda.
Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Kappa
Delta Rho.
DeAa Tau Delta vs. Sigma
Nu.
Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Navy. Court 2—J. Dudasics Triangle vs. Phi Kappa. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Pi Kappa
Phi.
Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Delta
Upsilon.
Court 3—S. Rudasics
8:10
8:25
7:00 7:15
8:10
8:26
will probably battle for reception honors if the battle turns into an overhead affair. Harris Lost For Indiana Game Burnham’s boys are in average physical shape for tl^e Indiana invasion. The most serious loss will be the vacancy left liy Charles Harris, veteran end and quarterback, who is on the sidelines because of a shoulder injuiy. Harris suflfered this shoulder mishap in the heavy practice session on Tuesday afternoon. X-ray examination showed that the injury was not a fracture, but they revealed that he had suffered a severe dislocation that will
The team will leave Fri-
day morning arriving in East Lansing late in the afternoon in time to take a light workout over the reg-
ular couise.
Duesler Leads Squad Chuck Duesler will again lead the
The annual Wisconsin-Minnesota gridiron classic, to be played in Camp Randall Stadium here Nov. 21, is now a complete sell-out, William H. Aspinwall, Badger business manager of athletics, announced
squad into battle accompanied by recently. This means that a caKenny Lynch, Ed Seward, and Jim pacity ciowd of 45,000 will view the Ashwell. The other member of the Badger-Gopher clash, the second team will be picked from the group time this season that Camp Ranconsisting of Darrel Roach, Fred ^all Stadium has been completely Kindei, Hairei, andji^ich^el, filled. The annual Homecoming tilt Duesler finished fourth last Mon- with Ohio State on Oct. 31 was also
a coihplete sell-out.
7:00
7:15
8:10
8:25
Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Chi ^nd his gridiron career
for the present season.
Rho.
Phi Kappa Tau vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Psi.
Everything for, a College Education DEAC’S
DOUGLAS SHOES $5.50 - $6.50 PURDUE SHOE STORE 302 Stale St. West Lafayette
The following Ward Basketball games will be played Friday eve-
ning, Nov. 20:
Couit 1—Morton Marks 7:00 Ward lOB vs. IIB. 7:15 Ward IIC vs. HE. 8:10 Waid HD vs. 21. 8:26 Ward 22 vs. 24. Court 2—Chas. Hess 7:00 Ward 23 vs. 26. 7:16 Ward 26 vs. 28. 8:10 Ward 29 vs. 30. 8:25 Navy Practice. Court 3—Dave Long 7:00 Ward 2A vs. 6x4. 7.15 Ward 2B vs. 6B. 8:10 Waid 3 vs. 9. 8:25 Waid 5 vs. lOA.
I Olan Mills Studio t
(Distinctive Portraiture)
$ 205 East State ^ ^ Phone 3413 $ + if
Santa isn’t going to be late. So send your pai'ents your photograph on time. -Avoid the last minute rush by making your appointment early. Just call 7775 today for convenient appointment. mm STUDIO
634 Main Street
Phone 7775
Still slightly battered, but anxious for action against the invading Hoosiers are the BoilermaTcers— Smock, Hajzyk, Warren and Barwegen. AH of these suffered serious injuries earlier in the season, but havg healed sufficiently for action. Smock, veteran halfback, has been hampered most of the season by an ankle injury, but returned to uniform for the Michigan State game last week. Hajzyk, stellar quarterback, was on the sidelines with a tackle shoulder, hut is back ip game form. Warren and Barwegen, builj. linemen, have recovered from earlier ligament injuries and are wait ing for the opening kickoff. Hoosiers Have Won Last Two Meanwhile, on the Indiana side of the ledger, we see McMillin’s L-t s prepaiing to take their third con secutive victory from the Boiltrmpkers. Two seasons.ago, the Hoosiers won a hotly contested battle in the last 30 seconds by virtue of a field goal. The ball was booted from an almost impossible angle by Gene White and sailed through the uprights as the Boilexmaker fans san' to despair. Last season, the Bl^ck «nd Gol 1 fought the Hillenbrand-led Hoosiexs on even terms throughout a light downpour of rain. In the clo-ir^^ quarter, the lads from Indtana dio-. e neai the pay dirt s.ripc end Hiltwibiand slithered througn aom th^ foiir-yai_d line on a cuitei pierge This gave the Hoosiers a 7-0 yerdict and possession of the coveted Bucket. Hillenbrand Stars Again Again this season the Hoosiers will depend on the versatile Billy Hillenbrand for ground gaining and score making. This swivel-hipped sensation from Evansville has beeni the mam gun in the McMillin attack Indiana has a fair record this sea-rtii with five wins and three losses In their opening tilt they loinped to a 53-0 win ovei the undeuiog Bulldogs of Butler, next they met Ohio State and sutteied a <>2-21 loss. Nebraska was also deL'eatttl by the Hoobieis to the tune of 12-0. Ifitt’s Panthers didn’t fare so well and lost 19-7 to Hillenbrand and Co. Riding high, the Hoosxers next met Iowa\ Seahawks and were forced to evacuate their high horse because of a 26-6 setback. The Hoosiers again soared to the heights with a 7-0 vexdict over the highly-regarded Minnesota squad and added to tWr laurels last week with a 64-0 whitewash over Kansas State.< il lS<5f
4
55*f«K, luvJtsyWis '
Purdue Exponent
r , y ,v
Thursday^
, ,, '^'f . ‘ *v,‘. November 4%
■Si f.
Dr. Lillian Gilbreth fi^la At Indianapolis
ASME Meeting
p/ Kappa Alpha University livestock
Wins Touchball Final
The scoi'ing started early in the
fiist quaiter of the hard-fgught 1|« *t tussle between the Pi Kappa Alpha Jy^ VISlIOrS
and the Phi Gamma Delta on Wed- I
“Women in Industry” was the nesday afternoon. The Pi K A’s re- Approximately 300 students and principal topic discussed by Dr. Lil- ceived the opening kickoff and Mar- townspeople attended the Twentylian Gilbreth, Professor of Manage- tin, Gates and Geiser commenced a Ninth Annual Little International ment of the University, at the meet- sei les of passes that led to a touch- Livestock Show held at the Univerin|r of the Central Indiana Section, down when Martin caught a bullet- gity livestock judging pavilion last American Society df Mechanical pass directly over the goal-line. night. Fatstock which will be shown Engineers at the Indianapolis Ath- It was not long before the Phi at the Chicago exposition was paletic Club on Tuesday evening. No- Gams, sparked by Tommy Graham’s raded at that time,
vember 17. Dean Potter headed a accurate aerial attempts, cmne
group of staff members who were through with the tying score. The groups - barrows, wethers,
attending the meeting. game was then deadlocked until the Dean Potter is former national ^nd of the second half, with hard.
Hardwood To Play Role Of Prominence In Common Effort
^r. Kurt Will Sbeak Ruthenburg Addresses To Chemistry Society Seniors On Industrial
Dr. 0. E. Kurt of Baton Rouge, Ai MaaIiiia Louisiana, will speak bef01 e a meet- | lUPICrlllS Al l^vvliny
ing of the University Section of the
American Chemical’Society to be Louis Ruthenburg, member of the
' , f'6/ Military Students: One of threeJfeoys Who leCt a coat in a car in which they rode Wdm near Lebanon to Lafayette on Sunuav, ^o''8, may obtain his coat by cpmmUnieatinB with and identifying himself to Jsolon L. Deal, a02 E. deffersbn St., Valparaiso, Ind. -IDEAL WAA: All girls intet^ted in a councU position get petitions from deslt in W.AA Office immediately. Petitions must bo tinned in to Gall Honnis by Sat., Nov.
president of the ASME. Professor
clean playing in evidence on both
beef steers—were singled out for comment and its vaiious attiibutes were mentioped. Judging of the
Bolz of the school of Mechanical sides. Various lunning plays weie groups was carried on by
attempted by berth teams, but the pigskin ti-aveled mainly through the air. The game ended at a six to six tie, so referee Bill Musselman called for the customary extra downs to he played. The ‘ Pi K A’s connected with aeveral Short passes, while the Phi Gams failed to connect on their
own passing attack, consequently Horse Breeds Shown the game ended with the ball deep Horse breeds weie also shown in the Phi Gam tferiitory, giving Pi and judged at the show but they Kappa Alpha the Interfraternity will not be sent to Chicago. The
Championship.
iff
tral Hardwood Region come intp front line of prominence in our com-
mon effort.
Our black walnut is again being r. • 4 i,- i 14. 4. 4. 1, rri,„ physical chemistry. Prior to his adsought out foi gun stocks. The oaks ^ -n v. A, 4. i, , • , 4.-11 •! ui •„ dress, he will be the guest of honor which are still available in large ^ , . „4-
sizes are highly valuable for keels
and
shipbuilding progiani.
En^tcrn Star Courts: The 'West 'LAfayette Chapter will entertain the Eastern Star
held in Room 211, Stanley Coulter Board of Tiustces of the Univer- mombors°cAfmy officefcm, or^hom^ 61412,
senior chg'ineClS before that date. —PARKS Manufacture of Tuesday on the subject, “Pioblcms
of Industiy which the Engineer
By Prof. B. N. Prentice, Forestry
Department
As our country swings into “all „ ,, , ■ r, on •4.. u - 1 out” action against the Axis, the Hall, or. Monday evening atJ7:30. ^_addi'essed
woods from the foi ests of the Cen- »
Lead Tetra-ethyl.
Dr, Kurt, director of reseaich and Should Know.” This is one of a development for the Ethyl Corpora- series of lectures for the engiiieertioh, is a recognized authority on ing administration course.
“To win the war, to Win the people, to play the leading role m
at a dinner in Lincoln Lodge at nioulding a new world that will be
knees in our e7er wnling 5:45 p. m Reservations for the din- permanently peaceful and richly
In fact the should be made 111 advanc^with productive — these are the chal-
Siy:ma Delta Chi: Initiation and bancinot, Tuesday. Nov 24, in Union, Room and exact
time will be announced Inter.
' —ARMSTRONG
Engineering, who was in .the group, is vice-chairnlan of the Central Indiana Section and helped ai range the program. The other members of the group who attended were: Professor Leutwiler of the Mechanical Engineering school and Mr. Pigage of the department of Geneial Engi-
neering.
members of Hoof and Horn, sponsors of the occasion, giving^reasons for the particular selection. Champions of the various classes were fii’st picked and then a grand champion of the whole class was
selected.
Army is said to have some 800 uses for our hardwoods and the Navy
some 400 more.
One requisite for a useful wood is that it shall “stay put”. That means that it shall remain in equilibrium after being put in place. Seasoning Of Wood
F. J. Allen in the Chemistry Build- lenges and the oppoilunities that ih.- Umon.
rt . . 1 __ ._i _ j 1. _ .
Pistol Trj'ouls: The following studesr^ts are requested to report at the Aimory at 4 p. ni,, Monday, November 28, to try out for the pistol team; G. G. Clark, W. L. Davis, W. Garbci, G. 0* Jaeckel, W. *1. L. D McCioavy, J S Moore, P T. Orr, E. G Pita, E. Ratchford, J. R. Shoemaker and E.'Wmn. —BROWN Delta Rho Kappa: Pledging Thursday, November 11), at 7 p. m. in room 804 of
IT.
mg'
Confiont the people of the United Wcsicy Players: Meetinp: Thursrtav, No
04. 4- >> 111,. ■D.iHionKiti'o' i-vvotifinni vember 19, at 7:36 p. m. in Great Hall oCi States. Ml. Ruthenbuig, pitsiclcnt Union. Ensign Bill Peterson will read
Women's Club
Enfertains In Union
Debaters
Thei'e is much moistuie in wood in both ballrooms of the Union. En-
when it is in the tiee and this mois- tertainment included a musical proture begins to escape into the air gram and play, both peifoimed by
immediately upon the cutting of the University students.
of the Indiana State Chamber of Commerce, called upon the engi\neers to fulfill their missions in
University Women’s Club entei- ^hese challenges. tvicz-l xirr\yv»Qn of ifo xaTT ^ ^
Ruthenburg, a former University .student and president of Servel, Inc., was introduced by Dean A. A. Potter, dean of the schools of en-
gineering.
“Family Portraits"
Open meeting. —WOODWARD
tamed 350 women at its fall -guest day tea hel^ last Tuesday afternoon
Kappa Psi: Election of officers Tuesday, November 24, at 7 :30 in the Union BqilrtinB. Attendance of all actives is imperative. —MERRICK Activities Bureau Sophomores and Juniors: Petitions for elections will be due F-ri-day, Nov. 27, 1942. Important meeting of all sophomores and juniors Thursday, November 19, at 4 p m. in the office. —WOEHLKE
Graduailrt^ jailors Speak Oyer WBAA Five of the Bluejackets Who will
(Continued from page 1)
The early part of the afternoon will be devoted to committee meetings for members of the legislative assembly, while the other debaters attend sectional meetings on dra-> niatic4 and radio. The various com-
mittees will consider bills concern- graduate as riifembers of company 3 mg some part of the war effoit with tonight werh interviewed during the the possibility of piesenting them broadcast df '“Here Comes the before the House. Navy” over WBAA this afternoon. An Intei'collegiate Debate be- These men ate completing their 16 tween the Ohio State debating team w'eeks training qualifying them foi and the Univeisity debating team the lating of electiician’s mate, on the High School question “Re- thud class. They were questioned, solved. That a Federal Woild Gov- by membeis of the next class of ernment Should Be Established”, bluejackets. will be the mam feature of the after- “Here Comes the Navy” is a regnoon’s piogiam and will be held fit ular weekly feature of the sailors
3 p. m. in Fowlei Hall. ' Alfred K. Jones, Diiectoi of Debate at Davis High School m Indianapolis, w'lll preside and after the debate Dr. A. H. Monroe of the University Speech staff will piovide an analysis. Hockema Extends Greeting
purpose of the show was to give local residents and students interested in the animals, an opportunity to view the potential winners m the Chicago International Fatstock Show to be held December 1 to 4. Bleeds of cattle, sheep and hogs from all parts of the country will compete for /the grand champions,hip ribbon m then various classes at this exhibition. In the past, fatstock from the Univeisity have won sixteen grand championships at the Chicago show. Six in the beef steei class, five baiiow championships,
and five wethers.
Last Added Attraction
As an added atti action, last yeai’s giand champion steel, Loyal Alumnus IV, made his last public
William Rothenberger sang three selections accompanied by Richaid Mulvey of Lafayette, while the laboratory group of Playshop, directed by Art Barab and under the supervision of RoSs Smith, presented “The Great Dark”. The University Stiing Quartet directed by Joseph Ragains concluded the program
tree into lumbei. The escape of this moisture is usually accompanied by conti-action and distoition of the wood fibers. The contiol of this process or “seasoning” comes theiefoie to be a veiy important part of the manufacturing piocess. In oidei to dry sufficiently for satisfactory use, lumber re-
quiies at least a year when piled in with three numbeis
the open an. By the use of artificial
heat and conti oiled humidity, this Aj^AP
peuod may be shortened to two oi thiee W'eeks in some cases. This piocess which is knowm as kiln drying, IS an important and highly technical process. Pooily diied wood may lesult in high peicentage of
losses.
Aid To War Effort
Notices
All ROTC Sliidcnls: New roKul.ition concerninjr “Makc-ui>” foi absence fiom Mililaiy classic h posiid on Ainioiy Bulletin Boaul Ail ROTC sludenks bhould read tliH itjiulation duiint; tUcir ucnI houi in the Armoiy —GRAHAM Navy V-7: Juniois and seniors w)io are
Classified Ads
in training at the Univeisity and is
written by Ensign Leon Someis and appeaiance befoie being butchered
foi the Indiana farmer’s w eek ban-
quet to be held in January. This yeai will mark the 38th that
University animals have competed m the Chicago International, and the 22nd that fatstock fiom the
Univeisity faim have taken pait.
. . . announces the following office! s foi the next two semesters; David C Heckard,pie&ident; Einest Gndei, vice-president; Dwite McCloud, secretary; and James W. Baldwin, tieasurer. Films concerning welding, machining, and iivet-
Moncy to loan on diamenda, watches, Buns, luBKaKe, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office,
107 Columbia.
Typewriters—Adding JWacnlnes, all makes
. .. sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mime* iibsembling p.iptrs supporting their requost ograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Mam,
Lafayette. Phone 2779. \ Lost—K & E Log Log Diiplo Slide Rule. Call Jtiiy Moore 71834. Rewaid, Wanted—Students to work extra as wait-
ers No cxpi'iicnee necessary. Good pay Apply Elks Club Frank Lenihan, manager
Lost—White sapphire ring with Chi Omipa crest in Union Saturday, Nov. 14. Oieriiight rooms, any time. Phone 0410.
directed by navy-w'ife Cecelia Wahl. Pan-American Club Will Meet Tomorrow Tomonow evening at 8:00 the
At the annual conference banquet Pan-Ameiican Club of Lafayette tonight, Prof. Hockema will extend hold its opening meeting m the gieetings to the debaters and the Faculty Lounge of the Union, response will be made by Betty Mexican songs will be presented Catherine Mills of Technical High M. Barrenechea and the Del Rio School in Indianapolis. The mam brothers, who aie students at the speakei will be Di. W. N. Bngance, University fiom Mexico City. A head of the speech depaitment at shov^ijig of a^oloi^fihn on Mexico
Wabash College. Hu will give an
addiess on “Soldieis Also Need Good Speech”. Other features of the evening’s piogram will include a drill by the Puidue Older of Zouaves, a musical piogiam by the University Men’s Glee Club, and the announcement of the winner of rhe attendance trophy. After the banquet the debatei s ivill attend a special perfoimance of the play “Cuckoos on the Health” given by the
Puidue Playeis.
Tomorrow’s piogram will consist
of practice debates, and a continuation of the sessions of the student legislative assembly. Dr. Max Habicht, of New York City, will give an address on “Post Wai World Oiganization” to the teacheis and ad-
ministrators of the conteience.
Personnel Notes
Companies to visit campus: Magnolia Petroleum Co., Dallas,
Texas—Novembei 20. Interested m
BS, MS and PhD Chemists. The National Detense Research
Committee, New' Yoik City, w'ill
taken 'by Mr. Roy C. Stieet, Lafayette attorney, will also be part of the piogiam. The public is iirvited.
P/A Notes Ward “F” To Give Parti Next Satin day night Waid “F” will hold then paity in the iacullj' lounge of the Umon Building This will be the thud waid paity of the icmestei. The last paity w'as such a success that a similai bill ol entertainment will be offered at the coming party Dancing and games of skill and chance will be featuicd and lefrshments will be served.
—-PIA—
Tea Dance Attracts Many Quite a few “imports” w'eie in evidence at the PIA tea dance last Satuiclay afternoon. With the exception ol a few' perennial jitterbugs, cveiyone w'as content to sit out the fast numbeis and sleep then way aioLind on the slow tunes.
—PIA—
Bowling Tournament
Foul more teams entered the bowling tournament last Thursday
have a repiesentative on the cam- beioie the deadline. Twelve teams
Kappa Delta Pi . . . national education honoiaiy, held an open meeting loi all education majors last night in the Union. Mr. Lynn Millei, piincipal of Jefferson High School in Lafayette, w'as the main speakei Faculty membeis piesent weie Prof. R. R. Rydei, Miss Louise Sledman, Pi of. Miuicl G. McFailand, and Pi of. B. L. Dodds, all ol the education ilcpaitment. ^
Penalty Dates November 25 and^ 27 are penalty dates. These dates represent the 24 hour period befoie and after an authorized recess. Any student who is absent from classes on either of these two dates will be assessed a tee of $5.00 for each day or traction thereof missed. If a student feels that he has a legitimate reason tor being absent on either or both of these days and wishes to ask relief from the $5.00 penaltj fee, he should put it in writing and mail it to the Dean of Men before November 27. Veibal statements will not be accepted. —GOLDSMITH
The Foi'Cbtiy Department at the j^jg aluminum weie shown at the University is installing on the cam- game meeting. pus a high quality diy kiln fog le-
seaich pin poses. Thiough the coopeiation of the Standaid Dry Kiln Company of Indianapolis, one oi then most up to date expel imental kilns IS being put into use in the study of the most efficient methods of exit acting- moistine from haidwood matewals. It is believed that ascei taming piopei drying schedules foi woods will bu a leal contii-
bution to the defense effoit.
Sigma Alpha Mu . . . social liateinity, announces the election of the following officeis: 111 101, Raymond Cohen; cxchequei, Stanley Lowy; lecoulci, John Nestel; assistant cxchequei, Stanley Hnschfteld; alumni lecoidei, Stanley IIii st'hficld; histoiian, Louis Colien; col i espondent, Maivin Ehtcnlicig; athletic managci, Stanley Low-y; house managei, Meyci Evanson, pledge counselor, Howaid Ceasci. Williams Foundation . . will visit the synagogue m Lafayette tomonow- evening. Those Intel cbted in going meet at the paisonage at 7.15.
Mudball hey there clarence have you seen some of the street light poles on the campus they have black sheets tied where the light globes should be 1 hear one of the street lights passed away a fovv days ago the others are in mourning.
—MUDBALL
nlibtnunt in V-7 who arc iindti yoais of aj'c must sulimit three copies of paients consent piopoily uotanred Copies of (his loim (Navy 400) may bo obtt‘incd at my office -KNAPP All Male Students: Enlistments in the Enlisted Rcseivc Corps of the Army doses on December il 1042 If you dtsire to enlist and have not yet applied, your nppht.ation should bt jilafcd immediately in Room Bl in the ba'-cment of the Armoi\
-GRAHAM
Sept.-Oct. Code Group: Qualification Certihcatcb m ly be obtained in the Suiiply Room in the ‘Vrmorv by those studt nls of thf Sl)U( mbei-Octobf 1 Code Group that (jualificd at 0 w p m oi In tt( i HESTERBERG All Students: Tlieic aie still some UniveiMty Duccloiies left As lonj? ab the supply lavts, any student, who has not alicady obtained a copy, may jret one bv callinp at the Rciribtiai’b of! ice and prosentinpr bis pasapoit. —RALPH B STONE, Registrar Tau Beta Pi: Impoitant mectiriK foi the deetion of members 'Ihursday, Nov ID, at 7*30 p m in East Faculty Lounj^c 'Ihib is .1 compulboiy mcclmK and fineb will be levied loi unL^cubed absences —YOUNGBLOOD
Lostkathu Bill
-Post vest pocket slide rule in brown case RLwaid. Call 5921. Ask for
YOUNG LADY for full time, or minimum half time, assistant bookkeeping position. Apply Southworth’s mornings.
rraternilv Presidents: Tuii nmuiiity fund immediately
moiuv foi - RIDER
Surma Della Chi Peldnob: Pliasi p,iy in■tiation fee to m( on oi h( fore T’D‘.djj\ Nov 21 It will be imposbible to initiate anyone until he has paid. —HADl^El
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
HITS THE MARK FOR 20 MILLION READERS
WANTA TINKER? equipment all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E. W. VanMeter, Pres.
pus Fiiday, November 20, to inteiview December ME and EE. Sign in Peisonnel Office betoie Thuisday noon, Novembei 19. Holle.v Carburetor Co., Detioit, Michigan—Novembei 25 Intelested in ME. Sign in Peibonnel Office. Lever Bros. Co., Hammond, Indiana—Novembei 24 Intel ested m women chemists.
Pontiac Motor Div ibioii, G.M.C., Pontiac, Michigan—ME, CE. Sign in Pei.sonnel Office by Satuiday, November 21. Aeronca Aircraft Corporation, Middletow-n, Ohio—ME, AE. Sign in Peisonnel Office by Saturday. Novembei 21. Joint Meteoi ological Recruiting Board, Univeisity oi Chicago— Junioi.s and senioKS foi coui.ses in meteoiology Foi luithei mloimation, inquiie at the Peisonnel Office. Kopper.s Company, Baltimoie, Maiyland—Intel ested in Decembei and Ajiril Aei oE Sign in Pei sonnet Office
aie now enteied and aic playing eveiy Thursday night. Alpha Zeta . agiicultuiai honoiary, announces the pledging of the following men: Seniois, W. P. Davis, R. S. Hawkinson, R. C. Jones, S. K. Siiddaith, D Wright; juniois, T. 0 Blank, J. P. Clouse, .J. T.'Comei, V W. Davis, C. J Dueslei, E. J. Hageity, R. W. Haidin, R. A. Hatteisley, J V. Hayes, D. C Shelton, V L. Singleton, J. W. Stain and H. S Wann.
PATRONIZE exponent ADVERTISERS
H8|[ 01
HENRY ROSENTHAL CO. 322 Main Sh
Theta Xi
'• ... social liateinity announces the election ot the following oiii- ) ceis; jnesident, Emeiy .Scott, Chicago; vice-iii e,sident, George Mackley, Gaiy, Ind ; house managei, Dan McLaughlin, Westiield, New .Jeihey, fiist .‘-teward, Kail Buin.side, Birmingham, Mich., second steward, Louib Fi.schei, St. Louis, Mo ; , foi responding secietaiy, William Mansfield, Louisville, Ky.
We Can Replace Any Bense, by Testing a Small Piece of the Broken Lense — QUICK SERVICE — If Glasses are left in the Morning, They can he Finished hy Afternoon GERRY MOHLMAN JEWELRY Southworth's—W. Lafayette 434 Main St.—-Lafayette
BOTANY CERTIFIED FABRICS
They’re here, they’re waiting for you! Shortages notwithstanding, we have managed to garner a goodly collection of those superb Botany Certified Fabrics. Exquisite, glowing colors . . . soft, springy textures a variety of smart weights durability and long-lived beauty for this year of careful sewing. "Feel the Difference" as you sew and save. Fully sponged and shrunk, ready for sewing. •Reg U. S Pat Off.
ofaeM
^nilG WApOTOH Drew Pearson MERi»r-Q0-R0UND Twenty million people read what Drew Pearson reveals in his column of special report, interpretation and comment upon national ^nd international affairs and the men who itiold them. Because those twenty million find in the colunrin alert, exclusive news-getting, crisp and to-the-point news-writing, disclosures of beneath-the-surface motives and movements—able and unswayed thinking. You'll find The Washington Merry-Go-Round THE PURDUE EXPDMEIVT
il
% i ^ i .11
<^4
k il
V" a
A m
i
^ m
'I 4 ii
A m
If hi] I ’ i f-ii
A m.
I