i'A^i *>’!’
'.V
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Fair today and tomorrow; slowly rising temperature.
Purdue Exponent
Z-185
THIS WEEK Sophomore CoiUlkni: In tho\ Union ballroom from & nnhH 1 o’clock the night of Friday, March IT.
THURSDAY
March 16, 1939
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 139
love Makes World Go Round. But—;' Ganong Discusses Marital Economics
Orchestra, Dance Teams Signed For Cabaret Formal Eddie Camden and his shuffle rhythm orchestra have been signed to play for the Union Penquin Club Formal in the ballroom March 24. This dance will be cabaret style, with presentation of floor shows during the evening. Lischeron and Adams, popular dance team from Chicago, will present a ballroom dancing act. This team has appeared at the Edgewater Beach Hotel in ‘ Chicago, and has just finished a year at the Royale Frolics. Jackson and Nedra, who have appeared at the Oriental and State Lake Theaters in the Windy City, will present tap dance numbers as a part of the show. The Orchestra Camden, his 11-piece band, and his vocalist Yvonne Belmont, have played such engagement’s as Bill Green’s Casino in Pittsburgh, pa., Henry Grady Hotel in Atlanta, Ga., and the Southern Mansion in Kansas City, Kan. This is the first appearance in this part of the country for this orchestra. Sale of the 200 tickets will begin this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the lobby of the Union. Tickets are priced at one dollar fifty cents per couple and tables can be reserved starting next Monday at 4 p. m. in the Union lobby. WS6i^ Announces '39-'40 Nominations Nominations of WSGA officers for 1939-1940 were confirmed last night by the WSGA executive board. Elections will be held Wednesday, March 29, in conjunction with WAA and YWCA elections. For president, Treva Berry, Ruth Hall; secretary, Peggy Terstegge, Paula Zwirlein, and Ann Sickman; treasurer, Jane Black and Mary Jane Carr; junior representative, Joyce Burnham and Ruth Swift; sophomore representative, Janet Bourne and Agnes McCullough. Those who wish to add their names to the list of nominees for any office must hand in a petition, signed by 25 co-eds, to Mary Alice Learning, WRH North by Sunday, March 26. At a mass meeting to be held Monday, March 27, these petitions will be announced. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, consulting engineer, will speak at this meeting.
'Coup/es Can Live On $17 Per Week' “Love makes the world go around, but it is money that oils the bearings,” quoted C. K. Ganong, of the history, economics, and government department, presen-ting the “Economic Aspects of Married Life”, in the marital lecture in Fowler Hall yesterday afternoon. After Mr. Ganong talked over the points on an outline handed to each of the 300 who attended the lecture, Harold Lewis and Betty Jo Sexton, who presided over the meeting, collected questions from the audience which Mr, Ganong answered. Prof. J. A. Estey, who had been scheduled for this lecture was unable to speak because of illness. “How much money should a couple have to get married on depends upon the individuals” stated Mr. Ganong. “If the income is assured and the couple want to, they can get along on 17 or 18 dollars a week to start with.” Budget Expenses “While the income can not be controlled to any great extent, expenses can be budgeted so that the young married people will realize where their money is going,” continued Mr. Ganong. “Control of the money should rest with the person best able to take care of the responsibility, whether it is the husband or wife. Both should have a small personal allowance. Should Wife Work? “Should a wife work? It depends upon the individual case. If the income is large enough to pay for house work to be done by someone else, it is perfectly permissable for the wife to work. However, if the income is not sufficiently large to cover this contingency, and the wife is going to work, the man should help wipe dishes.” If the earning power of the husband is to increase with the passage of years, he must invest in himself while he is young according to Mr. Ganong. “If you can, turn some money back into education; there is plenty of time to save money after 30. Henry Ford attributed part of his success to the fact that he did not start to save until he was past 40. “On the whole the economics of marriage is an individual affair that must be decided between the partners,” concluded Mr. Ganong. Swinging... . . . again for a campus crowd, Irvan Maury’s orchestra will hit the downbeat and carry on through for the regular Saturday night mixer. Darlene Mahns, vocalist with the orchestra, will supply the lyrics.
Vanity Debaten Meet Florida Here At 7:30 Tonight Selden Waldo and‘ Shaw Foster, representing the University of Florida in tonight’s intercollegiate debate, will meet Mark Keanq and Joe Yamamoto of Purdue. The contest will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall and will begin at 7:30. Prof. H. L. Creek, head of the English department, will preside at the meeting. The">question to be debated is “Resolved that the United States should cease the use of public funds, including credit, for the purpose of stimulating business.” j The Florida team will debate the positive side of the question. This will be a no-decision contest. The representatives of the University of Florida are on tour and have met several other schools on the same question. Purdue’s team, boasting several victories in a state-wide tournament at Manchester several weeks ago, is well prepared for the contest. The debate is open to the public with no admission charge. AIEE Will Hear Talk By W. E. Gutzwiller W. E. Gutzwiller, of the rectifier division of Allis-Chalmers Manufacturing Co., Milwaukee, Wis., will address a meeting of the Purdue chapter of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Bifilding. He will talk on. “Recent Developments in the Mercury-Arc Power Rectifier Field. Gutzwiller is a native of Switzerland, where he first became interested in the problems of power rectification as an employee of the Swiss Brown Boveri Company, one of the world’s largest manufacturers of rectification equipment. He has been with Allis-Chalmers since 1931. Tonight’s meeting will feature slides and movies. It will be held in room 254 rather than in room 129 as originally scheduled. Xi Sigma Pi... . . . national forestry honorary, announces the pledging of C. H. Bonnett, Lafayette; W. M. Goldsberry, Greencastle; G. A. Godsey, Bloomington; F. C. Melcher, Indianapolis; and J. G. Williams, Indianapolis.
Lafayette, Ind., March 16.—^Rapid progress has been made in the flight training of the 50 Purdue University students under the program sponsored by the Civil Aeronautics Authority which was begun just a month ago today when the first three “fledglings” took to the air for preliminary instruction. In the short month since the program was launched on the spacious Purdue University airport under the direction of Capt L. I. Aretz, exactly half of the 50 qualified students have progressed to the point in their training where they have made their first solo flights. Seventeen of the students who have reached the solo stage are still in the primary phase, while eight of the students ?ire doing advanced solo work and are expected to start their cross-country training within
the next week or 10 days, weather permitting. Purdue’s allotment of 50 students in the C. A. A. nation-wide program was completed Monday when the C. A. A. formally approved the,application of G. T. Henderson of Alliance, O., a junior mechanical engineering student. ' Purdue, long recognized as a leader in the field of aeronautical engineering not only was allotted almost one-sixth of the total to be trained, but became the first institution in the country to actually put the program in operation when training of the first three students was started February 16. The rapid progress made in the aerial work to date has only been made. possible through a carefully worked out schedule of instructional hours which takes into consideration the other class hours of the various
Florida Debater...
Shaw Foster ., His Colleague
Selden Waldo
Flight Training Progressing Rapidly
students. Weather permitting, with five training planes available, the schedule has been aiTanged so that each of the 50 students is given at least one-half hour of flight training each day under one of the three experienced instructors. Into Advanced Work The eight students who have already passed the primary solo stage and are well into their advanced solo work are C. F. Reed, Boswell; F. R. Ahrens, Chicago, 111.; R. L. Buell, Omaha, Neb.; Craig Miller, Chicago, 111.; L. L. Treece, Lafayette; Emmett Hamer, West Liberty, 0.; R. H. Moninger, Chicago, 111.; and R M. Strieby, Indianapolis, lx .is anticipated that the first group of eight in advanced solo work will have advanced sufficiently in their training within the next three weeks to a month to qualify for their Private Pilot Rating.
Stewart Talks At Last Meeting Of Fraternity Plebes University Expects Societies To Justify Existence, Controller Says With the pleasant introductory formalities over. Hell Week went into high gear officially last night at midnight. Prior to that time, prospective pledges were treated with the greatest deference in preparation for the activities of the next few days Last night in the Union Ballroom, various campus and University officials offered last minute advice and counsel. R. B. Stewart, University controller, himself a national officer of a fraternity, spoke on “What the University Expects of Frater- — nity Men.”
Sorority Pledges Hear Dr. Threlkeld On Final Program
Dance Will Honor Gold Pepper Pledges Gold Pepper’s pledges will be honored at the dance given by that organization on Friday evening, March 31, in the Union ballroom. Tickets for the co-ed bid dance are now on sale and may be purchased from any Gold Pepper member and at residence halls, sorority houses, and Union desk. Pledges’ names will be worked into the decoration scheme. Betty Elstun and Phyllis Crossman are in charge of the decorations, Geor4’ianna Pittman is dhnee chairman, and Mary Townsend has charge of tickets. President E.C. Elliott To Talk At Indianapolis Mother, Dad Banquet President E. C. Elliott will be the principal speaker at the annual spring dinner meeting of the Purdue Mothers and Dads Association to be held at 6:30 p. m. Thursday, March 23, in Indianapolis. Charles F. Meyer Jr., president of the Association, has stated that parents whose sons and daughters expect to enroll next fall, as well as parents of present Purdue students in central Indiana, are invited to attend. ^ Professor Robert Phillips, faculty advisor for the Purdue Dads Associatioh, Publicity Director T. R. Johnston, and several other members of the University staff will also speak. Reservations for the dinner may be made with Donald Morrison, sec-retary-treasurer of the association, at 18 North Pennsylvania street, Indianapolis. Murphy Will Review 'Mein Kampf' Tonight Hitler’s life and his plans for the future will be points discussed by Prof. C. B. Murphy, of the history, economics and government department, when he reviews Adolf Hitler’s book “Mein Kampf” before the Cosmopolitan Club tonight in the faculty lounge of the Union at 7:30. Meeting will be open and club officials urge anyone interested to attend.
Dr. Hilda Threlkeld, dean of women at the University of Louisville, spoke to sorority pledges last night on “The Place of the Fraternity in the Progressive Program of Education” at the final Courtesy Week meeting held in the Electrical Engineering lecture room. Dr. Threlkeld was introduced by Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, who is a former school friend of the visiting dean. That fraternity members should not be satisfied with immediate goals but should strive to attain future honors, was the nucleus of Dean Threlkeld’s discussion. By learning to evaluate and to discuss problems calmly, she cited, a stronger organization will be built. “To criticize by creation and not by finding fault should be a fraternity keynote,” stated Dean Threlkeld. “Cooperation between various groups on the campus will develop the progressive philosophy of fraternity life.”
Recent Case
He pointed out that in the public mind, the fraternity is the xmiversity and cited the recent case of a large midwestern school that received much notoriety because of the antics of several of its younger fraternity men. ^ In summing up his talk^ Stewart stated that the University expects the fraternity men “not to degrade the highest mental and physical faculties bestowed on them. We expect you to fulfill the purpose of the fraternity, that is to develop your intellectual side, your social side, and your physical side.” Lasting Friendships Other speakers included Union president, Gordon Mathews, who pointed out the value of fraternity in making lasting friendships, and Debris business manager, “Bottie” Edwards, who emphasized possibilities in fraternities of learning to
co-operate.
Jack Thompson, captain of the baseball team, spoke on fraternities as a means of learning “to take it.” Student Senate president, C. G. Elliott, climaxed his talk with the remark that “tolerance, the ability to know and overlook the shortcomings of pthers is an invaluable gift of the fraternity.” Sully Mason, director of Student Union activities, gave a brief outline of what a fraternity man is expected to wear or what not to wear.
Meet A Typical Purdue Ed—His Baggy Pants^^WhisIcers And All
by a Cagey Co-ed That’s a Purdue ed—the one with the whiskers, T-shirt, and baggy slacks. The blonde boy wearing the sweater without a shirt is a student too. So is that lad in the faded high school sweater from which ah athletic letter has been removed. Sure, they’re Purdue eds. You’d know them anywhere! They go around dressed like charter members of a chain gang. And how they pride themselves on their supersloppiness! ' Of course our campus is no country club. No one wants to see hundreds of youths tripping to school each morning dressed like the latest cartoon of Joe College. A Sunday School suit atmosphere in classroom dress is not desirable either. But a certain amount of careful grooming is badly needed around these parts. “Won’t You Curry Comb” Perhaps some of the eds may have read long ago in the freshman handbook the campus tradition about what eds wear to school. Supposedly suit coats with shirts and ties are worh from October 1 to May 1. Have you by chance counted the lads wearing suit coats in any of your classes ? Rugged, careless nonchalance in dress seems to be in high favor all over the campus. Boys from fratei'nities, residence halls, and boarding houses all go about wearing the same symbols of sloppiness. Among
the favorites are moccasin shoes which could run a close twin to bedroom slippers any day, bright striped shirts combined with plaid trousers, and shapeless leg coverings which pose as trousers. Most of the corduroy jackets and pants worn would easily stand alone supported only by the dirt and oil they contain. But after all its silly to get them cleaned when you oiily wear them for a year! “Shoes Shine, Boy?” An expensive wardrobe of Mr. Esquire’s latest innovations is not necessary requirement for al/ well groomed lad. A de-whiskered face and grime-free clothes which) show some acquaintance with an electric iron are the minimum essentials. Sport shirts, bright colored sweaters, and suede jackets are handy accessories for variety. State universities are not playboy schools, and the clothes worn by the boys need not ^ be “man-about-town” creations. Some of the lads around here who have been recommended for the classy costume class are Ait Levin, Bottle Edwards, Bob Hensler, and Charley Grannon. These kiddies keep their shoes polished and their hair, combed. They know what laundries are for, and they've had their trousers pressed several times since their memorable first day on the campus. You may not be the best dressed ed in the class, but you can try being the neatest.J4im and
By Creorffana SehiDlng
We have been doing a bit of reseai'ch among “Men of the Hour”, namely Skull and Crescent members, to see just Whom they have chosen to be their partners at the Sophomore Cotillion. As usual, imports will be quite common here this Friday and Saturday. SPE Danny Heiple is having his pin girl, Betty Boyd, come for the dance. Betty is from Danny’s home town, Peoria, and she is driving his new car down. Such goings on. —H-H— Another Skull and Crescent, Bob Massey, from the Triangle house will spend Friday evening in the company of Peggy Jo Ansel,- a blonde from his home town of Elgin, 111. Ray Hall is also importing for the dance, but will not disclose the identity of his date. The only ed we have found so far who is playing true to the local gals is Rollo DeHoog, who is dating local talent. —H-H— Yesterday and today, March 16 and 16, the Ides of March! Does that suggest a time of fear and tragedy to you ? Of course the other months of the year have “Ides” too, but it was during the Ides of March that Caesar met his doom^ And the poor pledges are in the midst of fraternity week right now. Beware! -H-H— Concerning a bit of research we have been doing, we find that most eds dislike wooden shoes because they are uncomfortable looking, do not like anklets worn with high heels nor ankle socks and silk hose worn at the same time. On the other hand the lads do like flowers
luha TODAY-FRIDAY SATURDAY 2 FIRST RUN FEATURES
£dUtfuaL Beauty Counselor To Talk At Charm School Co-eds will have an opportunity to get new hints on grooming and use of cosmetics at the Charm School sponsored by WSGA and, YWCA, Wednesday and Thursday, March 22 and 23, at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union. Pauline Crook, beauty counselor at Stephens College, Columbia, Mo., will be the speaker. Miss Crook will give 15 minute personal interviews to any girls who desire them. In order to give every girl an equal opportunity, only two girls from each sorority and live from the Women’s Residence Hall may sigh up in the WSGA office for interviews. There will be no limit to the number of unorganized girls who may sign up. Those who' plan to consult Miss Crook may bring 15 co-eds with them to the interview. Co-eds are also requested to bring a comb and brush. AgChemClub... . . . elected next year’s officers at a meeting held last night in the LiSrary of the new Ag Chem Building. Officers elected were R. H. Harper, president; Julius Gensler, vice-president; Fairie Totten, secretary ; and Lloyd Hess, treasurer.
worn in the hair, colorful spring prints, and strapless evening gowns. —H-H— The Kappas and the Thetas are both having their annual State Day celebrations in Indianapolis this week-end. The Kappa luncheon and dance will be held at the Athletic Club with Dick Cisne’s band supplying the rhythm. The Thetas will dance at the Columbia Club. —H-H— Our squib concerning haircuts seems to have caused a bit of comment in several of the fraternity houses. Judging from the number of questions asked, we believe that a number of eds believe themselves guilty of possessing unshorn locks.
THE PURDUE EXPOI4ENT
Wesley Foundation Begins Marriage Course Tonight Wesley Foundation will begin its annual series of classes in “Preparation for Home and Marriage” tonight at 9 o’clock in the home of Reverend and Mrs. McFadden, 206 Pierce street. j Classes are open to the iirst 15 couples who apply. Topics to be covered are: budgeting, “in-laws,” planning for children, engagement, wedding, and honeymoon. Students who are engaged, or going steady, ai’e especially urged by the foundation to attend. Six meetings will be held on these topics.
Alpha Zeta...
... national agricultural honorary, has selected the following second semester pledges: U. L. McConnell, Solsberry; L. J. Haverkamp, Bennington; M. A. Brunk, Kokomo; L. A. Lubbehusen, Dale; H. E. Nickey, Churubusco; D. P, Smith, West Unity, 0.; L. A. Johnson, Millington, 111. These men are all juniors in the school of agriculture and were selected on the basis of scholarship, leadership, and personality. Exactly 644 of the 685 Federal Bureau of Investigation staff members have university degrees.
" There’S a certain question that has been bothering quite a feiiy people .. . How long will PHYL UMPHREYS and the Pedalions let SPANKY KIMMEL keep his pin? She keeps his money . . dishes it out to him at the rate of a nickel a day! . : . In the words of Confucius “Honorable SPANKY is honorable chump!” He must remember that there is only one KDR pin out on the campus .. that is being worn by MARGE BUCK and happens to be the property of a graduate student ... The boys at the house are giving a silent prayer that SPANKY won’t be the second to part with his jewelry . . . even if it does mean seegUio!
Have you ever felt like a fish?? Maybe you should be included in our sea-food item . . . Let’s ask JACK RUDOLPH . . PiKA ... just how he felt when worthy fraternity
“Don’t stare so at everything. Mother—they might get notions about us being spies.”
TODAY-FRIDAY
I" *
brothers serenaded his pin girl . . CAROLYN CURTNER . . . only to find her out on another date! . . . and they say that the co-eds are consistent! Never fear JACK, there are also other fish in the sea . . . Here we’ll mention HARRY CHALBERG, one-time joe, who has fallen by the wayside . . . He’s given his Phi Pi Phi pin to RUTH BILGER and the cigars to the brothers.
Contest Contribs are pouring in by the bushel . . . too many to even print a beginning . . . The boys are getting a slight edge over the wom-
en .. . guess co-eds can’t think of 25 things wrong with eds .. . Today acknowledgment goes to HOWARD LITTLEFIELD who poured out all his pent-up hatred of women in his 25 reasons ... After all the contest contribs have been given in, we will take the 10 best reasons from the men and the 10 best from the coeds and print them. The process of elimination should make somethingworthwhile to read!
Another rip-roaring round-up of Cassidy ~ thrills!
TODAY Thru SATURDAY SUSPENSE. WITHOUT AlETfiP!
THEY’RE GOING ON A HONEYMOON ...BUT NOT TOGETHER!
— PLUS-— SHE’S ON THE TRAIL OF 1000 THRILLS!
-— with — CHARLES FARRELL JACQUELINE WELLS — and —
. . . And He's the Reason Why! Jp
Pat didn’t mind adopting this =r"^wouid^^
CHARLES
20c UNTIL 6:00 After 6:00: 10c-20c-25c
— ALSO — THE FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
unmnu ih>< . . »i
UAid
Starts TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Bullet Blazing Drama of a Front Page Killer! i AM A ^IMINAL _ WITH — JOHN CARROLL KAY LINAKER — PLUS — A Drama of Royalty That Would Make a Horse Laugh! JOE E. BROWN -infit FOR A KING EXTRA DONALD DUCK CARTOON
AND SHOULDER BOUQUETSThursday. March 16. 1939
THE PUBDOE
Stw^djSu
EXPONENT
Wrestlers Compete Riveter Baseball Team
In AAU Tournament
Saturday Afternoon
Looks Good--On Paper
QPwissL
Finishing up their second season since wrestling was restored to the campus last year, the Boilermaker grapplers will invade Indianapolis next Saturday to compete in the Indi-ana-Kentucky AAU tournament.
By Robert J. Deckard As Ole’ Man Baseball waits for Lady Spring to hop around the proverbial corner, Boilermaker pill-snatchers and spheresmackers are assuring other Big Ten title contenders that they will be definitely in for the money in this year’s flag chase. Recent compilations reveal that
By Bruce Witwer
The team definitely has been improving, having been credited with decisive.wins in meets this season,” Coach Claude Reeck said last night. Last year the squad did not tally a single victory.
“Prospects for next year seem bright, as seyeral good freshmen will be in line for work,” he concluded.
Six Virginia college presidents will be instructors in the second alumnae college to be held at Ran-dolph-Macon Women’s College.
the Rivetfers claimed third place in last year’s final standings and have excellent potentialities for garnering a post in the first division this year. Felix Heads Squad The ’39 squad is headed by third baseman Felix Mackiewicz, who last year belted out three home runs to lead the league, one three bagger, and a pair of doubles. Felix made 16 hits in 46 tries, earned a batting average of .348 in 11 games of Big Ten competition, and was tops in total bases, making 29. The Boilermakers wound up in ’38 with a team batting average of .218 in Western Conference baseball. Outfielders Ross Dean and Tommy Dickinson made percentages of
.289 and .229, respectively, while John Vernon, who played only fivegames, delivered a .467 average for the season. Other Fehring stickmen, hitting above .100, and their averages are George Hearne .186, James Thompson .171, and Martin Stamm .161. Arnold Bredewater, the pitching staff’s backbone, won runner-up honors in the Big Ten hurling standings, helping the Boilermakers to four wins and one loss in 60 innings of play. The moundsman whiffed 48 opponents, allowed 39 hits, 10 bases on balls, and tossed one shut-out game. He allowed 12 runs, of which only nine were earned, for an average of 1.62 per game.
AS ADVER TISED AN---
&
mm
Striped suit... Plain suit... Checked suit Plaid suit... Brown, Blue or Grey suit... THEY ALL GO BEST WITH A
WHITEHALL
REG. U. S. PAT. OFF.
SHIRT by
WITH REGULAR SOFT. OR JAYSONIZED NO-STARCH, NO-WlLT COLLAR AND NECKBAND COLLARLESS STYLE SI2ES 131/2 -18 — SLEEVE LENGTHS 31 - 36 Jayson shirts are guaranteed, without qualification, to give complete satisfaction. Will not shrink below marked size.
500 MAIN ST.
If Christmas were in the offing, Track Coach Phillips would hang up his stocking and send a letter to Santa asking for a quarter miler for the mile relay team who could gallop the distance in about 50 seconds, and a good high jumper . . . as it is he will probably have to rely upon the doubtful resources of the Eqster rabbit... two such additions to the present track squad would fill in gaps and boost the team into the near championship class. ' —fc— Rolfe Jenkins, associate sports editot on this epic bit of journalistic endeavor, is still trying to get a line on a lady from Detroit who, so he claims, owes him $110 . . . she came into the Fieldhouse Sports office last Saturday morning with some, well thought out objections to the day’s paper sports content that she extolled in detail for some 16 minutes ... where it had been stated that Tomski of Michigan was slated to win over Quayle of Ohio State, she grew very excited and bet our struggling sportsman $100 that such would not be the case and put an additional $10 to that just on general principles . . . now she has gone home and Tomski won and Jenkins is no richer financially . . . next time get it in writing.
Phillips To Use Full Squad Thinlies At Butler Relays
Steve Gutting Heads Boilermakers In Saturday Meet At Indianapolis
Track fans will have an opportunity to see the mid-west’s biggest and most colorful track event, the Butler Relays, at Indianapolis next Saturday as stars of universities and colleges display their wares in the Butler Fieldhouse. Michigan, who won the Big Ten
Fencers To Present Exhibition Matches
Members of Silver Mask, fencing honorary, will provide entertainment for University co-ed fencers tonight at 7:30 in rooms one and two of the Union Building. Included on the program will be demonstration matches by Myron Stepath and Don Marden with sabers, Bob Mei^r and Art Levin with epee, and Hoffman and Maierson, foils. Stepath, Meier, and Hoffman will also give short talks on the weapons used. Silver Mask urges all interested co-eds to attend.
We carry a stock of Frank Medico Pipes. Choice of styles, $1.00. H. G. (DEAC) REISNER
meet in Chicago last week, is the defending champion, and from all indications will retain its title won in the 1938 Relays when results are compiled for Saturday’s meet. Coach Hermon Phillips, Boilermaker track coach, who built the Relays up to its present popularity while track coach at Butler, will utilize a full squad of Riveter thinlies at the meet. Gutting Favored Purdue’s only first in recent season’s in this meet was garnered last year when Bob Lemen breezed to a win in the low hurdles. With Steve Gutting in fine shape it seems the Gold and Black is in a good spot to cop another first in the hurdles, this time in the highs. All running events, with the exception of the shorter sprints, will be relays. It is likely, according to Phillips, that Art Bodeau will be used in the mile relay race with Luther, Simmons and Shackleton. -'In the four-mile relay, the Boilermaker team will be composed of Bodeau, Holderman, Knapp, and probably Marozick.
Intramural Schedule
\ yfEDICO’S patented filter, corncellophane exterior, is greatest scien* tific smoking invention ever known. It traps nicotine, juices and fiakes;
andbreaksuphot
smoke stream, resulting in cool, clean, sanitary Filtered Smoking
in Medico Pipes, Ml
and FINEST BHUR
Holders. JMONEV CAN_BUY
NEWEST shapes]
~6ENUINi FtlTiKS BAB aiBBSiPA B8BBB"^wr 'jf‘ f 1^ >*■ 1o '“ ^ >
dCocoL CldA,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
TioticoA,
Thursday, March 16, 1939
MIXED RECREATION Purdue Spoi'tswomen are sponsoring a new plan for the usual Friday night mixed recreation. According to Janette Shaffer, sportswomen president, a different organization wall be honored each Friday night. This week, Residence Hall girls and their escoits will be admitted free of chaige Othei men attending must pay 10 cents. Badminton, volley ball, deck tennis, shO^ fleboai d and swimming are offered Tennis shoes are required foi all except swimming INTRAiMURAL BASKETBALL Today and Friday the finals of intramural basketball will be played with the schedule: WRH South vs. Chi Omega, Pi Beta Phi vs Waids 2 and 3
^WBAA
‘THE VOICE OF PURDUE” —Today— 11 00—PTA Piogiam 11 15—Morning Melodies 11 30—County Fedeiation of Clubs 11 50—Puidue News Flashes 12 00—Time Signals 12 00—^Russ Mock, pianist 12:15—The Music^Box 12‘30—Luncheon Dance Music 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1 00-—Newspapeis, Piof Hugh McKee. 1 15—Eugene Finegan, violinist 1 30—Pi of Flank Hall, Footnotes on the Headlines 1 45—Maiket Repoits 2 00—The Apothecaiy 2:15—State Safety. 2:30—^You and Youi Child 2 45—Tieasme Chest 3:00—Quips and Queues 3'15—Melody Moments 3 30—Paiade of Business 3 45—Tune Topics 4 00^—Ameiica’s Houis of Destiny. 4 30—Moiey Doyle, pianist 4 45—Stoiy Book Houi
PERSONNEL NOTES
Company: Illinois Bell Telephone Co., Chicago, 111. Repricsentatives: F. E. Weidenhamer and othei’s. Visiting Purdue: Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thui’sday, March 21, 22, and 23. Interviewing: EE, ME, and CE’s. Employment: Available in plant department in operation and construction. A few openings in the engineering department. Those interested sign up m the main office of their school befoie Monday, March 20. Company: Alummum Company of America. Visiting Purdue: Tuesday, March 21. See bulletin boards in engineering buildings for fuithei* details. Organization: Wright Field, Dayton, 0. Personnel Director: Eaile C. Alley will be glad to considei applications from senior engineers. Positions may be open soon paying $2,000. These are filled permanently through Civil Seivice Exams. Men
CJassUied Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sbld, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 60^ Main street.
IF YOU WANT delicious home-cooked meals, eat at Townsend’s 648 Mam Street.
Forestry Club- Important meeting Tuesday March 21, at 7 30 in the Hoiticultuial Building Foresters Ball committee will be elected Officers for the coming year will also be elected and the senioi award will be made Meeting will be short —GLAZEBROOK
‘Boy, This Sure Tastes Swell!” That's what they aS! say when they're eating baked goods from the Graves Bakery. Try us today. Graves quality Bakery
124 State, W. L.
Phone 3852
SHE
Should Wear
ou/e^d
MAY WE SUGGEST THAT SHE WILL APPRECIATE FLOWERS FROM
^otL’s jLrid
Luna Theatre Building
Phones 7955-8050
SUCCESS FORMULA t You don't have to be expensively dressed to look the part of success—but you do have to be neat and well turned out. That's where we come into the success picture. Our high grade cleaning service will keep your clothes looking their best — every day of the years
Free Pick-Up and Delivery Service CROWN LAUNDRY FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
employed after graduation will be on a temporary basis, subject to the results of the regular test which they will take later. Those interested sign up in the main office of their school and also apply directly to Mr. Alley.
Kappa Delta Pi: Open meeting Thursday, 'March 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room 201 of the Education Building Important business meeting will follow open meeting. All members required to attend. —FELDMAN. Triton Club: Regular meeting and swim Thursday, March 16, at 7.30 p. m. in the womeni’s gym All members should be present —JORGESON. Silver Mask: Meet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Thursday, March 16, at 7:80 p m. for demonstration and entertainment of women fencers —LEVIN.
Mortar Board: Compulsory meeting at 4:30 p m. Thursday, March 16, at the WSGA office. —WOOD.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Thursday, March 16, at 7:16 p. m. at the Pi Kappa Phi house. Bring money for keys and favors. Tickets and ribbons will be given out —HALL
WAA Badminton: All matches must be played before Saturday, March 18: Hollingsworth vs. diver, Chaffer vs. Walker, Phillip vs. Johnson, Willy vs Harrison, Swift vs. Sawyer, and Westover vs. Thomas. —FISHLBIGH.
Freshmen Engineers: Civil engineering camp announcement bulletins for 1989 may be obtained in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building (3-24) —LOMMBL. Mikado Pony Chorus: Meet today, March 16, at 4 o’clock in Fowler Hall. —GIBBS
Exponent Editorial Members: All sophoraoie and freshmen workers place a list of the nights and afternoons you prefer to work on the special edition in my box before 4pm Friday. March 17 Possible days Saturday, Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday, March 18, 19, 20, and 21 Workers not turning in preferences will be assigned nights not filled by those who have turned in then choices Each woiker should turn in at least two choices Features should be turned in not later than Monday, March 20 For further details see the notice on the bulletin board in the Exponent office —HOUSTON
Wardrobe Committee: Meeting of wardrobe committee for the Varsity show at 4 o’clock Friday, March 17, in the woman’s loung in the Union. —RIVADENEIRA. Freshmen Exponent Workers: The following editoiial staff will work for these days. Monday, O’Connell, Etter, Robinson, Pickett, Tuesday, Mueller, Fletcher, Kennedy, Rohwer, Sears, Ochiltree; Wednesday, daggers, Jarrett, Shallerup, Sidwell, Schlossberg, Thursday, Parks, Hays, Elvis, Hupp, Ruffner , Friday, Payne, Kung, Taugott, Anderson, Powers , Saturday, Heaton, Mothmann, Kepner, Smith. See notice on bulletin board (8-17) —HARDIN
GE 16 Descriptive Geometry: An examination for the lemoval of C and I grades will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p m in room 308, CE building. Make arrangements with the undersigned on or before Maich 16 —PORSCH Gold Peppers—Compulsory meeting on Thursday, March 16, at 7 16 p. m in the WSGA Office Bung activity records, please —COOLEY.
Conditions in CE 21: The examination for removal of C grade in CE 21 will be given in room 301, Civil Engineering Building, from 1 to 4 p, m. Saturday, March 26. Please consult me at once. (3-22) —SONESON. Fraternity Presidents; Special meeting Thursday, March 16, at 7:16 p. m. at the Phi Psi house. Bring ticket reports and unsold tickets for the banquet Be prepared to discuss chapter attitude on cooperative proposal. A full attendance is necessary. . —DEAN. Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Thursday, March 16, at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union The open meeting will be followed by an initiation of all pledges. —AYASUN. CE 59 Conditions: Examination for the removal of ‘‘C" grades will be given Saturday, April 16, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. (3-24) -WILEY. Junior Chemical Engineers: Inspection trip assessments are due. Pay in room 107 of Heavilon Hall before March 21. Those applying for excuses should do so at once. —LOVELL.
Agriculturist Staff- All freshmen and sophomores on the editorial staff meet tonight March 16 at 7 p m in the Agriculturist office —FINLEY Senior Personnel Data Sheets: Following seniois may obtain their data sheets by calling at the Debris office after 4pm: G W Shaitzei, J R Hopkins, E L Baynes, A J Zeller F C Toy, W C Martin D K Wells, V T Coddington, H. J Simon, J C Becker, D R McLeish, J. C Dewenter R E Miner, R M Lemen, R A Fuller, P E Daugherty, J D Doshorn H B Schisler, J M Crump, G H Lewis, R J Ruth, G S Johnson, F HFlack, E K Thomas, P J Bryant, M D Stepath, J D Mitchell C G Bull G W Tobin H T Hilton, B C Loskot, F P Tabshey, R C Meleney L McDaniel J W Codbs L Holmes C E Clutter, K L Andeison, M S Stazalkowski, J. Ball, E. L Lynei, L E Keck, K O Dirmeyer, J S Brown, F Woodman I Fiench, R E Seely, H R Buikholder, C F Reed, J M Wiggams —HENSLER.
Purdue Flying Club: Open meeting at 7 30 p m Thursday, March 16, in room C of the Union CAA pilots are cordially invited to attend —CHEVEDDBN.
G. E. 11—Engineering Drawing: An examination for the removal of "C” and “I” grades will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 201, Michael Golden Shops Students planning to take the examination must make arrangements witl|. the undersigned on or before March 16. —RISING.
Scabbard and Blade Shoit but important meeting Thursday March 16, at 4 p. m in the Armory —ZIMMER. Catalyst Club; Important meeting Thursday, March 16, at 8 p m m room 202 of Heavilon Hall —CRAIG.
,^11 the
FLOWEPS ^augliaife SEEDS— JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
AS FfATVRED IN THE CURRENT HARPER'S SAZAAR
Fashion has gone romantic and Kalmour has used Celanese* Rayon Marqnisheer for Bridesmaids’ gown in in the picturesque mood of 39 $39.95
$1.00 pr.
In a thrilling revelation of Springtime’s newest Hues, ARCHEIR Hosiery brings unexpected glamour to your costume and your legs.
Archer Hosier(|
Exclusive Agents in This Territory THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622-626 Main Street