^ I
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students oi Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY March 3, 1938 Lafayette, Indiona VOL. 49 No. 125
Executive Talks Kizer Resigns Head Coach Position
At First Annual Dairy Banquet
H. C. Horneman, Sugar Creek Creamery manager and president, held 175 students, faculty members and dairymen almost spellbound as he related life experiences and philosophy at the first annual Purdue Dairy Club banquet in the Home
Economics cafeteria last night.
A self-made progressive man, who made his own way through high school and Iowa State College, Horneman said, “There are plenty of jobs if you will go get them yourself. If you are a hard worker and a good thinker, there is a place for
you in whatever line you choose.
Develop Personality
“Develop your personality until people like you, then you will succeed, for everyone will want you to be successful,” this successful leader advised as his prime requisite in a
man.
Trays of mixed fruit—apples, oranges, grapes, lemons, pears, bananas—moulded from ice cream and lighted by minute flashlight bulbs, formed the main attraction of the meal. After the trays were displayed and photographed, each banqueter was served his apple, banana, or bunch of grapes. Dairy Club President J. P. Edgerton • introduced Toastmaster Tommy Graham, who in tjurn presented the honored guests. Among those present were Prof. Frank Hockema, assistant to the president; David E. Ross and Palmer Edgerton, members of the University Board of Trustees; V. C. Freeman, assistant dean of the school of agriculture; and Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the dairy department.
MfJL OafJCf^
Co-eds Will Affeocl Cotillion Decorations
Baskefball Play Day ^
At Chicago Saturday Plans have been completed for the Basketball Play Day, Saturday, at the University of Chicago. Twenty girls from the University will leave Lafayette at 6 o’clock, Saturday morning, in a special bus. Professor Helen Hazelton, Veronica Brady, and Jeanne Bailey will chaperon the group. Girls attending from Purdue will be: Virginia Blank, Winifred Clapp, Lela Gabler, Kathryn Merritt, Elizabeth Maier, Janette Morris, Mary Ann Reimann, Jeanette Shaffer, Georgia Walker, Mary Isabelle Weishaar, Dorothy Newman, Mary Ellen Delaplane, Louise Thomas, Marie Butz, Joyce Davison, Pauline Swick, Gladys Knolman, Mary Holtman, Evelyn Heeter, Martha Schroder. The following universities and colleges will be represented: Iowa, Michigan State, Wisconsin, Northwestern, Mundelein, Rockford, Battle Creek, Chicago, and Purdue. Wesley Foundation Will Honor Outgoing Seniors Ur. C. M. McClure, minister of the Methodist Church at DePauw University, will speak at the annual banquet of the Wesley Foundation next Tuesday evening in the Home Economics Building. Honors will be conferred on the outgoing seniors and about 160 students, faculty members, and townspeople are expected to attend the banquet. Tickets are 60 cents each. Alpha Kappa Lambda,.. . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of M. S. Bfinduse, Anderson; A. G. Elley, Chicago, 111.; R. R. Hull, Mattoon, 111.; J. M. Smith, Wyoming, O.; and R. L. Strahl, of Gary..
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Cloudy and much colder today. Tomorrow fair, slowly rising temperat,ure in North and central portions. Temperatures: 1(?;30 p. m. Tuesday to 10:30 p. m. last night: Low, 39; high, 49; mean, 4A
One thousand colored balloons suspended in four groups from the ceiling and lighted from inside by floodlights, is part of the novel artistry that will flank the Union ballroom for Sophomore Cotillion,
March 11.
The backdrop covering the entire north end of the ballroom is reputed, by Union officials, to be the largest ever hung in the building. It will feature a large gold skull, symbolic of Skull and Crescent, with moveable jaws in which names of the new pledges will be flashed one
by one.
Phi Mm’s Commemorate Founder's Day At Penny Offering This Evening Observing an ancient tradition, the Phi Mu sorority will commemorate their Founder’s Day, this evening at 6:30 in the Union, with their annual penny offering. Since the founding of the organization, the tradition has been for each member to give to the sorority pennies for each year the organization has ex-
isted.
This year each member will give 80 coppers toward a fund for loan scholarships. Mrs. W. A. Knapp, president of the local alumnae group, is in charge of the anniversary arrangements. Union Bridge lessons Will Continue Tonight J. L. Born of Lafayette will continue the Student Union bridge lessons tonight at 7:30 in the reception room of the Union Building. Born will instruct the players in bidding, for >a half hour, and the' remainder of the evening will be spent in active play under his supervision. Phyllis Crossman announced last night that it is not too late to
enroll.
Alpha Xi Delta... Alpha Xi Delta sorority announced the following new officers, following elections last night: President, Pearl Jackson, Indianapolis; vice president, Marie Wetzel, Spencer; treasurer, Muriel Smith, South Bend; recording secretary, Hariette Billings, HartsVille.
President Elliott Appoints Mai Elward To Fill Vacated Post; Nobe Will Remain As University Athletic Diredor Mai Elward was appointed head football coach by President E. C. Elliott yesterday, effective immediately. This action followed Noble E. Kizer’s request that he be relieved of his position as head football coach, made at a conference of the President with Kizer and his physicians in Tcson, Ariz., last week. Kizer, athletic director and former head coach, has been on a leave of absence since last August, due to illness. Kizer will resume work as director of athletics upon his expected return to the University next September. Robert C. Woodworth, Kizer’s assistant and assistant publicity director, will continue to act as director of athletics until that time. Mai In 11th Year Elward has been in charge of football since Kizer’s illness of last summer, and has been a member of the staff for 11 years. When called last night, he said: “Naturally, I am pleased at the appointment of head football coach at Purdue University. At the same time, I realize that I have a big job on my hands in stepping into the position left vacant by Noble Kizer, a great coach and a great fellow. “Next season will be the 12th that I have been associated with football at Purdue, and my relations with the University have always been pleasant. I do not know of another institution in the country where I would rather work. “The coaching staff appreciates the enthusiasm and loyalty the Purdue student body has always shown, and you may be sure we will do everything possible to keep that traditional Purdue spirit, 100 per cent. “Practice starts Monday. Let’s go, team!” President Elliott returned from Tucson Tuesday. Last night he said: “In the emergency created by the retirement of Noble Kizer, the appointment of Mai Elward gives me much personal satisfaction and renewed confidence in the future of Purdue football. “Mai knows the game, and last season proved that he could lead the game. With the enthusiasm, loyalty, and sportsmanship rightfully belonging to this campus, he will certainly furnish new proof that he can do.” (Continued on page 4) Young Gunmen Pile Up Along Fraternity Row
By R. E. Insley Fraternity row had its biggest time in several years last night when four youthful gunmen took the worst end of a 60-mile-per-hour barrage with state police on the River Road and piled up on the lawn between Theta Xi and Sigma Nu after rolling over several times. These modern Robin Hoods “boi’rowed” a car from South Bend, filled it up with stolen gasoline and then pointed it toward Lafayette. Police at South Bend notified the Lafayette barracks of the state police by radio, and a car was dispatched to pick them up. 85 Miles Per Hour Doing some 85 miles per hour or
better on the way down, the vagrants “slowed down” to 60 for Lafayette. Police joined the race at the edge of town and after a siren warning to stop, opened fire, punctm’ing a rear tire, throwing the car into a roll. At the sound of the shots, fraternity houses along the route emptied like sinking ships, the rats eager to watch the capture. Ace Debris cameraman Emslie forgot his camera (for once) and had to take part in an unofficial manner. The arresting officer, slightly nervous and surprised at the havoc wrought by his marksmanship, gladly permitted two bystanders to fasten the handcuffs on the quaking youths.
Playshop Looks For Acfors To Fill Roles In Next Two Plays This afternoon at 4 o’clock, in Fowler Hall, reading tryouts of the last two Playshop productions of the current season, “Ceiling Zero,” and “Squaring the Circle,” will be held. H. Kenn Carmichael and Gibbs Williams will direct the two productions. “Ceiling Zero” will be given on April 17, and calls for a large masculine cast. However, there are three feminine roles open, two of which call for a persdn of- air-stew-ardess size, 5’ 4”, The male lead portrays a man of 40 who hasn’t gotten out of his twenties in spirit. The final show of the year will be the farce, “Squaring the Circle.” This cast calls for both eds and coeds, all youthful. There is one small boy part, that of a page, Grover Rose. Exponent Board All elected members of the Exponent staff will meet with the faculty advisers at 4:45 o’clock Thursday afternoon in Agricultural Experiment Station conferehce room. —Manion.
February Precipitation Exceeds Preious Totals More rain fell last month than in any February since 1920, except in the drouth year of 1936, statistics of the University weather bureau show. Rainfall last month totaled 4.38 inches,', which was exceeded only by 4.58 inches in 1936. The report also shows that total rainfall for the first two months is 5.51 inches, which was surpassed in the last 18 years by the precipitation in 1930, 1936, and 1937. Magazine Quotes Gilfillan^s Book “Sociology of Invention,” a book by Prof. S. C. Gilfillan, of the department of Education and Applied Psychology, was widely quoted in a recent issue of the American Journal of Sociology. This magazine discusses the scientific concept of lag in the development of culture with business growth. “A mechanical invention,” contends Gilfillan, “is a wide-rooted complex. A host of social forces and mechanical skills enter into a complex which finally emerges into an invention.” He concludes that invention cannot be the prime cause of social change and no single factor is a prime cause.
*Best Conference Yet, Says Floral Secretary
By Delbert S. Greenwood “Please don’t touch the flowers, lady.” “Oh, look at that gorgeous orchid.” “Did you ever seen such large nasturtiums ? ” These comments were heard yesterday while strolling through the front Union lobby which is bedecked with over 150 floral displays. The occasion is the Eleventh Annual Indiana Florists’ Conference, which is in full sway on the campus, with over 100 florists from the Middle West registered for the twoday conference. Largest Ever Held “This year’s conference is the largest and the most successful one that has ever been held," stated F. A. Baur of Indianapolis, secretary of the Indiana State Florists’ Association. Dr. C. T. Gregory, of the botany department, and Prof. J. J. Davis head of the entomology department, opened the program with informal
discussions. Dr. Laurenz Green, head of the department of horticulture, presided at the afternoon session. ; Full Program Today Today’s session will be opened by an exhibit of inseticides and fungicides in the University greenhouse, with Tom Knipe of Kokomo, as chairman. Following this will be a talk on “Advancements in Floricultural Research,” by J. M. Osborn of the horticulture department. The afternoon session will be marked by James Sykora of Chicago, HI., discussing “Marketing Problems” and concluded with a floral demonstration by Willard Crain of Cincinnati. As a climax to the two-day session, a Floral Musical in charge of A. P. Stewart will be held in the Union ballroom tonight at 7:30. The musical will include offerings by the the University Glee Club, followed by a flower style show, with feminine members of the Glee Club displaying the latest kinds of flowers •to be worn with formal attire.
Carlsen To Play Here Saturday Bill Carlsen and his “Band of a Million Thrills” will play for the regular weekly mixer Saturday in the Union ballroom from 9 until 12. Carlsen’s band comes here direct from Chicago’s Trianon ballroom. Featuring sweet swing arrangements, the band will present vocalists Paul Skinner and Gil Rutzen. One dollar will be charged for tickets. Co-eds To Attend YWCA Style Sbw, Tea Today “ Rosemary Robinson and Alberta Schmadel, WBAA noon-hour entertainers, will provide music for the YWCA tea this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge. All those who attend will be given novel copies of the second semester program. This program includes a spring style show, a hobby talk, a discussion of etiquette, and a wiener roast. In Golden Gloves Bouts Hardesty Eliminated Wilmer Hardesty and Floyd Robinson, lone Lafayette survivors in the Chicago Tribune Golden Gloves tournament, were eliminated in last night’s fights. Hardesty, of Purdue, won his first bout, but was eliminated in the quarter-finals. Robinson lost his first fight of the evening. Civil Engineering Staff To Attend Reception Faculty members of the civil, engineering school will be entertained at a reception tomorrow evening at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. All students, regardless of school or course, have been invited by Frankie Eastburn, Union vice-president in charge. Refreshments will be served. Delta Chi.. . . . . announces the pledging of the following students: George W. Brown, Clifton, 111.; Clinton J. Anchor, Indianapolis; Warren B. Rectenwall, Spencerville; George W. Danner, Elgin, 111.; Edward G. Carpenter, East Orange, N. J.; and Richard Rugaber, Maumee, O. Wyoming Prof. To Talk Af Sigma Xi Meeting Prof. Samuel Knight, of the University of Wyoming geology department, will speak at an open meeting of Sigma Xi, research honorary, tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Stanley Coulter Hall lecture room. “Origin of the Laramie Range” will be the subject of Professor Knight’s talk. The subject, which explains the formation of a mountain, will be treated in a non-tech-nical manner.
Hanley Speech Contest Hanley Speech Finals. Time: 7:30. Place: Eliza Fowler Hall. Free Ticket Will Go To Donor Of Best Prom Plans “Plans for Prom decorations are due Friday,” said Prom Committeeman Sully Mason yesterday. All of the plans should be turned in to him, he said. A complimentary ticket to the Junior Prom will be awarded to the person who designs the best decorations. Plans should show full construction details and contain an itemized cost, the maximum cost allowed being $200. Lions Will Honor Netmen Monday At Annual Banquet Once again there will be a championship to celebrate as basketball boosters in Lafayette and vicinity gather in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building on Monday night at 6:30 o’clock to pay tribute to Coach Ward Lambert and the 1937-38 Boilermakers at the sixteenth annual Lions’ Club basketball banquet. According to Prof. Justus Rising, general chairman, advance interest as reflected in the ticket sales, indicates a record crowd of hardwood fans will be on hand to pay honor to the squad that has been responsible for one of Purdue’s greatest seasons. Petty Master of Ceremonies Among the many features of the snappy program that is rapidly being completed will be the election of an honorary captain for the season just closed and announcement of both varsity and freshman varsity awards. Prof. B. H. Petty, of the school of civil engineering, will preside as the master of ceremonies for an evening in which the emphasis will be placed on entertainment rather than speeches. Tickets, priced at $1.10 each, are now on sale at Decker’s, Deac’s, or , Southworth’s, or may be obtained from any member of the Lions’ Club.
Coming To Purdue Company: Caterpillar Tractor Company, Peoria, 111. Product: Ti*actors, diesel engines, and road machinery. Representative: K. P. Crowell, factory training manager. An-iving: Thursday, March 3. Interviewing: Senior MB’s, EE’s, and CE’s. Those interested in this company should sign up in the main office of their school for an inter-^dibfdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diujnufi.
Thursday, March 3, 1938
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods. Bear Papa Purdue You’ve so sweet, tlie way you look after me and the 6,000 others here for four years of your parental care, direction, and some education. (I know T should put quotes around that last.) Daddy, honey, I’ve been hearing that you are getting up on your ear, so to speak, about the attendance rule. I hear you are wondering what weak moment was yours when you sanctioned voluntary attendance. I am. too! Why ill the world did you give any of us, even my elder brothers and sisters, the chance to duck away from your apron springs? It’s against the system of “education” sponsored by the institution bearing your name. Eager, Happy Freshmen I love to look over a class of freshmen. They come eager, happy, some with almost a complete high school backgi’ound. Even those who got a high school diploma through athletic prowess, or because the standards of the high school were so low they graduated as morons along with normals, can come here and get along beautifully. By your system of classes every day, thirty hours a iveek, regular assignments, emphasis on getting into some sort of activity; the weapon your professors assume in taking off for cutting classes, your evident belief in loading students up so that if they do assignments, go to class, and achieve in their activities they haven’t time, energy, or health for much actual reading, indiiddual study, or exercise of any skills of the mind other than that of memorization, you can graduate students by the hundreds, A College Edycafion Is A Good Thing And a college education, even for the most backward or dull, is a good thing. The finished products have had crammed down them the concentrated results of the experiences of real thinkers of centuries back; they’ve seen girls smoking and dancing the Big Apple; they’ve griped about being rubber stamped; they’ve been trained to be cogs in wheels. You’ve prepared them for piece work on a higher scale. You’ve enlarged their view to some extent. They will be nice leaven for the growth of tolerance—at least of the minor sort that forgives a girl’s smoking—wherever they go after they graduate. Your only mistake is calling what you do to them a college degree. But Daddy, darling, I’ve digressed. I didn’t mean to talk of all that. I was just going to say that you went against your own system when you allowed voluntary attendance to hit the campus. j Sqyawkers Get A Break You’ve given the squawkers against rubber stamping the chance not to go to some of their classes that are so dull the professor has to toss a daily every time in order to have any attendance at lecture at all. You’ve made some of them judge the value of their courses, and realize they could get some Courses in half the time, and so skip classes. Some persons get obstreperous enough to read in the library instead of going to class.. More than that, you’ve created a difficult situation among members of your teaching staff. By regular.
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^soctated ColUgiate
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60. r^SPPETSENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY NationalMvertssiiigSemceJnc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. Chicago - Boston - Los Angeles - San Francisco
Editor-In-CWef
Bnsinesa Manager
R. P. Manion
D, C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor 1 — J. E. Brock Associate Editors —D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R.. Vance Editor’s Secretary ...Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager - —^J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager. R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager.! M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor.... Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors.... : Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor.......... ...R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone S037 Bneiness Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Bailey Issue Editor—Torrence March 3, 1938
class attendance students have shown their appreciation of some brilliant, human, and delightful souls who actually offer something besides text material in their lectures. By decreased class attendance, students have voiced disapproval of pedantic old birds who quack straight through an hour without saying anything. Gave Stydents A Chance Te Think It wasn’t clever of you. Papa Purdue. You gave students a chance to think and consider their classes—a way of rebelling at the stamping system. Honey, you untied your apron strings and let us out of your sight a bit. Some of us have learned to stand on our own feet a bit, and so we dislike your parental concern and coer- •• cion in other matters. Some time soon I want to see you for a nice long talk. It’s been a long time since I’ve sat on your lap and pulled your whiskers, Dear Papa Purdue! Your loving daughter, Vicky. Editor’s Note: This letter came to our office yester^ day afternoon addressed to “Papa Purdue.” We make no claim to that title, but the letter has some good points so we are publishing it. Perhaps our readers can help us to locate the gentleman in question.
Letters to the Editor
PS School Needs A Head Dear Editor: Unfortunately, there is inconsistency between the hopes placed by the school authorities in public service engineering and their treatment of this school. In an engineering lecture given to the vacillating
frosh. Assistant Dean Knapp expressed high hopes for a crop of future Congressmen, governors and presidents from the selected few taking public seiwice engineering. Although great leaders are expected from the PS school, as much attention is given to it as to the appraisal of the current powder puffs. The different engineering schools have their respective heads. The vaunted PS school is rated as a miscellaneous school and is buried in the vest pocket of some busy assistant dean. Does this appear consistent ? Why don’t the authorities appoint a single person to steer the
PS guinea pigs to calm channels ? Either a head should be appointed or the school should be abolished entirely if there is to be no interest displayed in the interesting experiment. Surely this school needs a head! Aren’t the persons who make pH tests, or construct bridges or make power plants less important than, the ones who will plan and execute the administi'ative tasks connected with these jobs ? Ed. Sroka, Eng. ’41.
A couple of campus bright boys think they have a solution to the “marriage mystery” ... but they haven’t the proof as yet. But if they are right, you’ll all be mighty disappointed* Don’t let their hunch upset your plans if you get the goods on the guilty senior. We’ll give, those two MARS double passes to the person who gives us the proof first. Ippolito’s straight-face bull-tos-sing is I’apidly getting the boys down over at the Theta Chi house. Of late Tony has been going around taking up collections to send flowers to “faculty members in the hospital.” He was picking up quite a bit of spending money that way until the boys began to wonder why so many faculty members were sick and they started investigating. He got one last haul of $5.00, but the boys and Big Bill Vergane got him down and made him cough up. Appropriate names: “Big Stoop” for Vergane. This florist convention is one the students don’t seem to mind so much . . . some were heard commenting that it.was a “mighty sweet stink” the flowers in the lobby generated. So we say, “An orchid to the florists.” Where are our wandering boys tonight ? We’re referring to Ed Dunnington. Gene Wright, and “Hump” Humphreys who left here last Thursday to take in the Mardi Gras at New Orleans. They intended to get back here Tuesday but the DU’s got a card from Humphreys which read: “To . . . . with Purdue . . . we’re going to Mexico!” The bathing beauty gals for “Of Thee I Sing” don’t do anything but parade and show themselves' off. They showed up at the rehearsals but no one paid any attention to them . . . then the other night the directors looked around for them and they weren’t on hand. Shame on you, directors, even if they were from Purdue you should pay some attention to a bathing beauty. 'Kormar Gymnasts Will Give Exhibition Friday Sixteen men and women from the Normal College of the American Gymnastic Union, Indianapolis, will give ah exhibition here Friday evening, March 4, at 7:30 in the Women’s Gymnasium.
LU^ TODAY — FRL — SAT. 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
pH yoo’ve ever to excite* ' wdhmedi to
STUART EW UNA MERKEL I^ARVIN STEPHENS —PLU&*Musical Comedy Cartoon in Color
TODAY - FRL
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘It’s changed the entire course of my life—I’m gonna be a gentleman crook, not just a common thief!”
a distinct bore. But all of us have something interesting to say if we can only realize it. Cultivate knowing what of your knowledge to talk about and how. We often say things meaning nothing Which, if we’d thought, we never would have said. A hidden unmeant meaning is as harmful as a pointed rudeness which we would never think of making. Let your conversation . be easy. Yes, but don’t let it ramble. Let what you say show thought, feeling and good sense.
By Sally McKee Talk easily, don’t be afraid—-but think before you speak. A fine rule for conversations. By an easy conversationalist we do not mean one "who can babble on indefinitely, never saying anything that really has a meanings—such,is
RE-STftKIHG I’S
...with telephone poles I Masted and goggled against desert dust, telephone men have followed the 400 year old traU of Coronado in building the n transcontinental telepbone^lme recently completed. The Span iards tLk many days to crosB the trackless Southwest, driving stakes to You can span this desert m stantly over the new line, because the pioneering spirit of Coronado still lives. . , J Oceans,mountains,desert8yie^ one by one to that spirit, bringing ever cLer the Bell System goal: dependable telephone commnn - cation with anyone, anyw ePiiBlitWiPlPIP
Thursday, March 3, 1938
THE PURDUE
Sp^Oildu
EXPONENT
Crown 7 ROTC Boxing Champs In Finals Today Finals of the ROTC boxing tournament, staged by the military department, will be held this afternoon on the intramural courts in the Fieldhouse, at 4 o’clock. Fourteen boxers remain in the seven weight divisions and a champion will be crowned in each of these divisions.
Tankmen End Schedule In Meets With Indiana And DePauw Swimmers
This week-end will be a busy one for the Boilermaker swimmers, who engage in their final Big Ten meet tomorrow at 7:30 in the Fieldhouse pool against Indiana. On Saturday afternoon the team completes its dual meet schedule for the year by meeting DePauw here at 2:30. The previous conference meet, with Illinois last Wednesday, proved that the Purdue tankmen are on their way up. With the outcome depending on the final two events however, the Boilermakers fell down on the job, and dropped the meet 48-36. Coach LaBree promises an even closer meet with the Hoosiers, and this time the team will be out to take the events when the points are needed.
Oregon State College has a complete course to train radio engineers.
In order that these boxers could fight in the finals they had to survive an elimination tournament (if freshmen military boxers in which nearly 300 participated. Two elimination bouts were held in the Armory as a preliminary and then the semi-finals were held in the Fieldhouse last week. In the semi-final each boxer had to fight twice to Win the right to enter the finals, leaving only the better boxers.
Finalists Named
These matches should provide plenty of action for boxing fans, as the remaining boxers are the best of the freshman military group. The winners in each division will receive a gold medal and also one citation. Matched for the championship this afternoon are the following basic students: J. L. Grubbs vs. L. H. Cunter, 116-lb. class; M. S. Jones vs. M. K. Hewlett, 125-lb. class; G. M. Marson vs. K. K. Denton, 135 lb. class; B. I. Woodhull vs. D. J. Brun, 145 lb. class; A. H. Hussung vs. J. A. Powell, 160 lb. class; J. H. Winchell vs. T. P. Axton, 175 lb. class; and B. S. Jackewicz vs. J. E. Seymour, heavyweight class.
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
• Purdue Exponent Service Directory'
Bookstores
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119'/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Locksmith CARTER for Kers — Locks — General Repalrins Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
— Auto Rental — ROGERS’ RENT-A-CAR Drive It Yourself System Phone 6455 314 N. 4th St. — Printing —
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
"’Office Stationery. Wedding Invitations
PHONE - Sales Books, Etc... 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flotcera Main at 7th Phone 6050
— Jettelry
R. J. RATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Sigma Pi Defends Net Crown Today Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity will be faced with the task of stopping the Sigma Pi basketball team from capturing its second consecutive class ‘A’ championship at 5 o’clock this afternoon in the intramural gym at the Fieldhouse. The defending ch-’mps are undefeated in the tournament and hold a 31 to 19 victory over the SAE ‘ team in the final game of the winner’s bracket. Since a team must be beaten twice before being eliminated, Sigma Pi can lose today’s game without dropping out of the running but the Sigma Alpha Epsilon squad must win to remain.
Intramurals
BASKETBALL
—Today— Court 1—Juillard.
00—H-1 vs. S-4. 15—B-1 vs. A-1. 25—D-1 vs. C-1. 40—E-1 vs. F-1. Court 2—Mangas 7:00—H-2 vs. S-1. 7:15—B-2 vs. A-2. 25—D-2 vs. C-2. 40—F-2 vs. E-2. Court 3—Foster 7:00—F-3 vs. E-3. 7:15—B-3 vs. A-3. 8:25—C-3 vs. D-3. 8:40—H-3 vs. S-2. Court 4—Humphrey 7:00—H-4 vs. S-3. 7:15—B-4 vs. A-4. 8:25—D-4 vs. C-4. 8:40—E-4 vs. P-4. Court 3—Aronson-Gale 5:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Pi.
FRATERNITY SQUASH Today—4:00 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Delta Theta Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Theta Chi. Beta Theta Pi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Kappa Psi
Class ‘B’ Will be Matched at Court Alpha Chi Rho, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Phi Pi Phi, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Kappa Tau, Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Nu, Delta Upsilon.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
By Dick Obenchain As we wei’e saying before we had our yesterday’s column so rudely cut in half, Purdue just can’t lose the Big Ten race this year . . . Even if they do lose their remaining game at Northwestern next Saturday, they will end up in a tie for first place . . . And if they win that game the Western Conference net crown will rest again where it belongs—in Purdue’s trophy room. —^fc— About the only chance for Purdue to win an undisputed championship is to down the Purple . . . we believe that Northwestern isn’t as serious a contender as Minnesota . . . The Gophers meet Wisconsin in their season’s final at Minneapolis Saturday and it looks as if the Gophers will end up their Big Ten season with only three defeats. —fc—• Northwestern has to get by both Purdue at Evanston Saturday, and Michigan at Ann Arbor, Monday, to finish in a tie for the conference race ... We think they’ll slip up someplace. —fc— Something else cut from our yesterday’s column was our personal hogging about the officiating of the Chicago game ... 25 fouls were called against the Maroons and 11 against the home squad . . . That’s almost a foul a minute . . . Basketball fans come to games to see basketball . . . They like games which are as unbroken as possible—8,500 fans didn’t see that kind of officiating Monday night . . . When the entire body of fans show disapproval of fouls called against the opposition, the whistle tooting sure must be foul. —fc— Three technical fouls (more than we have seen all season) were called in that game . .. We don’t know just what we can do about it, but we would like to see more lenient officating ... Or if not the lenient type, at least a little bit of standardization . . . We don’t challenge the referees’ (Kolb and Lane) ability or intentions, we just want to see the fans and players get a break.
Air officials of 20 states, at their recent convention, urged land grant colleges to give flying instruction.
Wear It NOW and Wear If With EVERYTHING . . . SWING
332 Main St:'
Lafayette, Ind.
P' Men To Meet Tonight To Make Plans For Den First regular meeting of the campus “P” Men’s Club will be / held this evening at 7 :.‘10 o’clock in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building, at which time plan.s will be formulated for furnishing the new “P” Men’s room in the Fieldhouse gymnasium. —
Located between the fencing room and the balcony, the room will be available for the use of “P” Men as a meeting place, study room, or for visiting alumni. This evening’s meeting will be devoted to devising ways for furnishing the room. The campus organization is one of seven regional units which comprise the International “P” Men’s Club, an oi’ganization consisting of all men who have been awarded major or minor “P”s while in school. Don Powell was elected president of the local club at their organizational meeting held last spring, while Jim Zachary and Glen Brown were elected vice president and secretary, respectively. C. H. Robertson, “Robby” of the class of ’95, and W. P. Fehring of the class of ’34, conceived the idea of an international organization of Purdue lettermen for the purpose of promoting physical educational, recreational, and athletic activities of the University among its students, alumni, and staff. On February 14, 1937, they organized the local club and during Gala Week of last year, held the first meeting of the international group, at which time Robertson was elected president and Fehring, sec-retary-treasurer. The entire organization works hand in hand with the Alumni Association. Fehring Calls Meetings For Varsity Baseball A call for all varsity baseball candidates, regardless of whether they have been drilling to date or not, to meet in Room 107 of the new men’s gymnasium on Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock, was issued last night by Coach Dutch Fehring. Fehring emphasized the fact that he was issuing an open call and is hopeful that many new candidates will report.
Purdue Swimmers Give Exhibiiions In AAU Meet Blanks, or the lack of them, killed the swimming team’s chances of scoring in their first year in the AAU meet at Indianapolis, Saturday. The entry blanks arrived too late to qualify the Boilermaker entries. Particulaily du-appointing was this bit of ill luck, becau^^e some of the swimmers in their last practices in the Fieldhouse pool, swam their distances m better time than it took to win the AAU meet. Three Boilermaker entries were m the meet, however. Kerbei and Haver swam the 100 yard backstroke, and the 200 yard relay team of Lahey, Fuller, Armstrong, and Ancker also entered the regular list of events. As compensation to the ineligible Gold and Black swimmers, several were entered in exhibitions. Captain Tredw’ell and Anderson swam an exhibition 150 yard back stroke, Krick and McCammon swam an exhibition 75 yard medley relay, and Wildhack exhibited his repertoire of fancy dives.
ARC
Today - Friday - Saturday
AND HIS HOftSE ‘WHITE PLASH {nrri^-fW
— also — ‘DICK TRACY” SERIAL —PLUS— “Betty Boop” Cartoon
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
—PLUS— A Champ at Everything But Making Love
Meet Public EiigibleNo.1 ERROL
—ALSO— Merrie Melodie Cartoon
Here’s dry cleaning service that will spruce up that spring wardrobe with complete satisfaction and at savings. Call for our routeman today.
PHONE 4081
West
Side
Cleaners3boad. (Ma,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TboikoA.
Thursday, March 3, 1938
Kizer Resigns--(Continued from pa,c:e 1)
In making his official announcement yesterday, rrosideni Elliott said: “On January 10. Mr. Kizer notified me that his physical condition would not iiermit him to return to the campus (.m Itlarch 1 as had been planned. Also, that his physicians had strong-ly advised him to g-ive up entirely the strenuous job of coaching. “Before taking action, it seemed wise to discuss the whole matter with Kizer and his medical advisers, which prompted my trip to Tucson last week. It was very gratifying to find Noble looking so well and to hear the encouraging reports of the doctors. He now expects to remain in Tucson until sometime in May or June, and then go to California for the remainder of the summer. There is every reason to believe that he will return to the University on September 1 ready to take up his duties as director of the division of physical education for men.” Elward Stars At N. D. Elward. a former Notre Dame star and teammate of the late Knute Rockne, has grown up wdth the modern football game. His coaching career was launched in 1916 at St. John’s Prep School, Danvers, Mass., where his team won the East Catholic Prep title. During the war he served in the Naval Air Service, but remained clo>ely a'^sociated with his life’s work, football coaching. Called to Grmnell a.s head football coach after the service, Mai brought the lowans their first conference victory in five years. He then moved to John Carroll of Cleveland, where he remained for three years, turning out the best team in the institution’s history in 1924. Mai came to Purdue in the fall of 1927 direct from John Carroll, and has been a member of the staff since that time. Four Purdue Players Win Berths On Annual All-State Ne't Spad The 1938 all-state basketball team as picked by W. Blaine Patton, sports editor of the Indianapolis Star, was announced yesterday, with Purdue furnishing four men for the first and second honorary teams. Jewell Young and Gene Anderson were selected as forward and center, respectively, on the first team, while Johnny Sines was awarded honorable mention at a forward position along with Pat Malaska who received a guard post. Also selected for the first team were Moir and Nowak of Notre Dame, Williams of Central Normal, Andres of Indiana, Ferrell of Franklin ,and Rudicel of Ball State.
Local Ads
WANTED—-Roommate for highly desirable room near campus and village. 107 Chauncey.
LOST—Green Schaeffer pen, engraved with name. Call 5048 or 41063. Reward.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 pja.
English Condition Examinations: In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday, March 12, 1 p. m., in Education Building, room 201. —CREEK.
ASME: All members interested in presenting a paper at the student meeting Wednesday, March 9, call W, B. Wolverton, 71332. —CLUTTER.
Freshmen: Anyone interested in working on the Green Potter dance get in touch with me before Thursday, March 3. —BRODD.
Novel Race Heads Pregram Of Relays Saturday By J. A. Hebbeler This sports world seems more queer every day. People are never satisfied with doing things in the normal manner, like running a race in only one direction. It is always the unusual events that draw the interest, and as far as most of us are concerned, the shuttle relay takes the position of an unusual event. Now that we have gotten around to naming the queer race that Purdue will participate in Saturday, Ave might explain it. In the race, as it will be run at the Illinois Relays, each team requires two lanes for its runners, who are four in number, with each man running 80 yards over the hurdles. The first man runs his required distance, and on finishing touches a teammate, standing in the adjoining lane, who races to the other end of the course. This game of tag continues until each of the four men have covered the 80 yard hurdles. New Type Race Despite the fact that this is a new race to most people of this vicinity, the shuttle relay has been use for more than 20 years in the Drake Relays. However, the race is seldom used in meets between Big Ten schools and, as far as Coach Phillips knows, this is the first year a Purdue team has competed in the event.
COPuxjtsVSA, iPuL OCai&JUOfL ... We are ready to give you prompt, courteous service De Luxe Cab Phone 2151 30c Couple
LAST DAY!
^F—
Debris Sales Thursday, March 3rd —AT— $4.50 . On Sale At Desk In Union Lobb'/ From 11:00 a. m. to 6:00 p. m. and 7:00 p. m. to 9:00 p., m.
Scabbard and Blade: There will be a very important meeting of all active membera Thursday, March 3, at 7:30 p. m. in the Armory, by order of the national inspector. All active members will attend in formal uniform. —BAALS.
try to do so as soon as possible.
(3-3)
-KELLER.
Gold Peppers: Meeting at 5 p. m. Wednesday, March 3, in WSGA office. Important that all members be present. —SLOCUM.
Alpha Phi Omega: Short meeting Thursday, March 3, at 7:30 in the old chestnut room of the Union. Pledges bring completed keys. —WADLEIGH.
onel Pickering’s office. Be there or see Coll Pickering before that time. Bring tickets and signature sheets. —BEHRENDS.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting, Thursday, March 3, at 4 p. m., room C. Short but very important. Everyone must come. —CROMER.
FOR RENT—Bachelor apartment room, di'essing room, tile bath. Call 76723.
Fraternity Presidents' Council: Meeting Thursday, March 3, at 6 p. m., at the Theta Chi house. —WHITING. Green Potter Dance Committees: The following committees have been appointed. Temporary chairmen see Brodd, and also schedule a meeting of their committee before Saturday, March 6. Decoration: Elley, temp, chair., Rehm, Natter, Berger. Wright, Adler, Durham, Wadsworth, Elkin, Gits, Black, Chalberg. Orchestra: Yankowski, temp, chair., Hugel, Ourand, Beddoe, Layson. Program: Yates, temp, chair., Thompson, Rosenthal, Hosier, Cash, Trimble, Ference, McMullen, Caldwell. Chaperone: Knepper, temp, chair., McMaster, Bergman, Crow. Ticket; Newhagen, temp, chair., DelValle, Woodward, Stewart, Butler, Sachar. Publicity: McKee, temp, chair., Hartzell, Hall, Reed, Ludeka. —BRODD.
Of Thee I Sing: Construction crew will meet for very important work to be done every night this week at 4 in the sub-base-ment of the Union. (3-6) — BRENMAN. '
Mixed Recreation: There will be no mixed recreation Friday, March 4. Instead, everyone is invited to attend a demonstration of rhythmic gymnastics to bo given by Normal College at 7:30 in the Women’s Gymnasium. - TUBBS.
Fraternity Presidents: Bring money and ticlcets for Of Thee I Sing to fraternity council meeting tonight. (3-3) —MILNE. Alpha Zeta: Important meeting in Agriculturist office, Thursday, March 3, at 7 :30 p. m. —UNDERWOOD.
PIA: Beginners’ dance class will be held in the Women’s Gymnasium at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, March 3. —CLYMER.
C. E. 41—Hydraulics; An examination for the removal of C grades will be held on Saturday, March 12 from 1:00 to 4:00 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. Students intending to take the examination should report to the undersigned not later than March 9. --GREVE. Student Union Workers: Everybody on our committees meet in the work shop on Thursday, March 3, at 4 p. m. —SAMUELSON, TAYLOR.
Students’ Bible Class: Meeting in room C of the Union at 7 p. m. Thursday, March 3. The subject for discussion is seven reasons for believing in the Deity of Jesus Christ. All students are invited to attend. —BURBRINK.
Cosmopolitan Club: Important business meeting at 7:15 Friday, March 4, in room C of the Union. - —CARACCIOLA.
Triton Club: Meeting Friday, March 4 at :30. Open swim at 8 ;30. —WALKER.
Track Men: Those who are no longer out for track turn in your equipment today or your lockers will be opened and emptied. (3-6) —ROPER. University Orchestra: No rehearsal this week. (3-3) —PHILLIPS. Camera Club: Meeting advanced to Tuesday, March 8. —WEST. Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee: Meeting at 4 p. m. Friday, March 4, in Col-
Book Exchange: The following people report to the Student Union office between 4 and 5 p. m. Thursday March 3 or Friday March 4 to claim books or money left at the Student Book Exchange: J. E. Klinker, Elbert Troxy, J. E. O’Brien, F. R. Miller, R. W. Phillips, Marguerite Boyer, G. D.» Johnson, and Ernest Fawcett. Ail books and money not claimed by 6 p. m. Friday, March 4, will be confiscated by the Exchange. —STALLINGS.
Of Thee I Sing: All persons interested in working on the publicity staff report to the Union sub-basement Thursday, March 3 at 4 p. m. —JUILLARD.
P. M. 11 and 12 Make-ups: Examinations for removal of conditions and incompletes in P. M. 11 and P. M. 12 will be given in room 201, Michael Golden Shops, at 4 p. m., March 16, 1938. —RISING.
Newman Club: There will be a Newman Club breakfast in St. Mary’s school hall after the 9 ;30 mass, Sunday, March 6. (3-6) —OTTENWELLER.
Newman Club: There will be a meeting of the discussion group in room D of the Union, Thursday, March 3, at 7 p. m. —McCANAHAY.
Glider Club: Open meeting in room B of the Union Building, Thursday, March 3, at 7 :15 p. m. Important. —MOORE.
Gimlet Club: Actives and pledges meet at the Delta Upsilon house Thursday, March 3, at 7 p. m. for formal pledging. —BROWN.
Union Co-eds: All sophomore and freshmen co-eds report to the reception room of the Union any time between 8 a. m. and 5 p. m. until March 5 to work on the costumes for “Of Thee I Sing.’’ (2-5) —WOOD. Debris Salesmen; Debris sales meeting Friday, March 4, in Debris office at 4 p. m. All sales books must be turned in. —SIEBENTHAL.
“P” ivien ; Meeting Thursday, March 3 at 7 p. m. in the tower room of the Union instead of Wednesday, as announced. —POWELL.
Interfraternity Bowling: All teams who have not completed their 27 games should
YouVe heard that expression so often about the girls in your set. Two to one she is more particular about her clothes. Crown Cleaning is favored by particular people.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
THIEHE & WANGERm CO New Location B22-626 Main St. SPECIAL SALE This Week Only of the Celebrated Belle - Sharmeer
SillM.
odieTij-
BELLE-SHARMEER stockings at reduced prices is NEWS — BIG NEWS. This sale comes to you only once a year — this is the second time in this maker’s history that these superb quality nationally known stockings have reduced their prices to acquaint those women who have never worn these exquisite hose to try them. This offering is for one week only, beginning tomorrow.
New Spring Colors Are Here
MODITB DUCHESS tormadlmoM toxtaUm
Perfect fitting.leg sizes for all size legs. Each one perfectly sized in width as well as length, from top to toe. All the new spring shades — in a complete range of sizes.
L.OO Grade
v
8F 98
.15 Grade
C
|1.35 Grade $|.15
11.65 Grade $1.39
The Thieme & Wangerin Co. Are Exclusive Agents in This Territory