aittiii
Purdue
x-%n
Exponent
Volume 51. No. 156
Thumdoy, Aptfl 16,1940
Dr. E. Strauss To Deliver Marital Lectures Today
Banquet Honoring New Gold Pepper 's Scheduled Tonight
Varsity Show, Sweethearts/
Dr. Elizabeth Strauss, noted Chicago physician, will address senior eds on “Marriage as seen by a Woman Physician” at 4 p.m. today in room 129 of the EE building in another of the series of marital lectures. Senior co-eds will have the opportunity to hear her this evening at 7:30 in the women’s lounge of the Union.
In her evening address Dr. Strauss will speak on “Marriage as a Normal Relation.” According to Agnes McCulloch, secretary of WSGA, this is the first ih a series of four marital lectures for senior women. Mixed lectures have been held for seniors previously this semester, but those in the future will be for separate groups. This is the seventh time Dr. Strauss has spoken on the campus. In previous years she has addressed graduating classes on similar subjects. In addition to being a doctor, she is the wife of a doctor. She is the mother of three children.
PIA Petitions Close This Evening; Elect Officers Tuesday
Monroe Will Address Speech Association At Annual Conference
Central States Speech Association will hold its annual conference today through Saturday at the Terre Haute Hotise at Terre Haute. Prof. A. H. Monroe, head of the speech department, and president of the National Association of Speech Teachers, will speak at the association banquet. On Saturday afternoon he will take part in a discussion on “The Application of Scientific Knowledge to the Teaching of Speech.” Dr. Mack D. Steer, of the speech department, will speak tomorrow evening, and he will also conduct a demonstration of the procedure which is used to test the speech characteristics of students entering Purdue. Pi of. P. E. Lull will speak over the Terre Haute radio station on Saturday afternoon, and Joe Tiffin of the education department will preside over the voice science meeting.
Independent students who wish to petition for any one of the five elective positions must turn their petitions in to the PIA office by 8 a. m. tonight. Positions open to any unorganized student are vice-president, treasurer, and secretary. The other two positions, president and co-ed executive, are open only to those persons who have had one year’s experience on the board. All students who appear at the office today and sign their names to the petition blanks will be checked for scholastic eligibility, and subsequently will be listed on the ballots for the election which will be held Tuesday. No parties for the election will be officially recognized. Voters will include all of the 1069 students who are members of the Independent Association. At the election passports and membership cards must be shown to establish the voter’s eligibility.
Honoring the new Gold Peppers, who will be initiated tonight at 6 o’clock in room 304 of the Union, a banquet will be held in the Old Chestnut Room following the ceremony. Favors in the form of Gold Pepper paddles, decorated with the club’s insignia, will be presented to the 23 new actives. During the banquet, entertainment will be given by the following initiates: Genevieve Houser, Lois Voelkel, Yvonne Holden, Margaret Terstegge, and Betty Hass. Also Jean Jones, Marguerite Gustafson, Augusta Hite, Doris Gamble, Jane Fishleigh, Ruth Swift, Paula Zwierlein, 'Joyce Burnham, Ruth Bryant, Georgia Carroll, Beth Simpson, Merle Hagemeyer, Jane plack, Ruth Bennett, Virginia Royee, Mary Jane Carr, and Thelma Bugher.
Opens In Fowler Hall Tonight
Victor Herbert's Operetta Stars Williamson, Amt In Lead R^es
Dr. Elliott Will Speak To Religious Groups
President Edward C. Elliott will speak to a meeting of student religious groups Sunday at 7 p.m. in the east faculty lounge of the Union on “International Student Friendship.” The occasion of this meeting is the Sino-Japanese Student Day of Prayer for Peace which is being observed throughout the United States and Asia on April 21. Several students from other lands will give short talks on the needs of students in war-torn countries.
Prom Week-End Has Variety Of Entertainment T o Offer
By Jean Ann McClintock Prom week-end . . . the big-
Ag Slaff Will Hear Prof. Trimble Talk
Paramount
. . . picture copipany announced yesterday that Ruth Bennett, Sc ’41, was chosen as one of the 48 preliminary selections in their AllAmerican College Queen contest which is being held in connection with a forthcoming picture. Her picture will appear in an early issue of Movie and Radio Guide magazine.
Professor 0. C. Trimble of the education and applied psychology department will^^peak before Agricultural staff members this evening. The meeting will be held in the west faculty lounge of the Union from 7:30 to 9 p.m. Professor Trimble will tell of the different methods^ of teaching, of which lecturing will be the principle method discussed. He will conclude his talk by holding an open discussion. During this discussion, recent graduates and near-graduates will present their opinions on methods of teaching in the School of Agriculture.
Sigma Pi
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Raymond R. Oeftiger. New York, N. Y.
Faculty Members The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, April 22, at 4 p.m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President.
gest 52 hours of social life annually on the Boilermaker social calendar begins tomorrow, April 19! Second in importance only to the 4th of July, is this date on which Purdue students, together with guests and imports swing out at the most important dance of the year .. . Junior Prom. Featuring the smooth music of maestro George Hall and his band, this year’s dance, which overshadows all previous formal social events of the year (propaganda by courtesy of the Prom committee) will be held in both the old and new ballrooms of the Union from 10 p.m. to 4 a.m. However, thanks to the lenience of the WSGA, co-eds do not have to return to their places of residence till 5 o’clock. Post-Prom Dance Especially for those hardy souls who do not get enough wear and tear at Friday night’s formal affair, the prom committee is sponsoring Ran Wilde (he does, too) and his “music styled by Wilde” at a post-Prom tea dance Saturday af-
ternoon.
All holders of Prom ducats and their dates will be admitted to the south ballroom ... to stagger, sleepy-eyed but happy, through three more hours of rug cutting. “Sweethearts” Too Just to top off a week-end already packed with super entertainment, the annual campus Varsity Show, Victor Herbert’s “Sweethearts” will be presented in Fowler Hall, on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights. Filled with glorious music, and presented by a star studded all
student cast, “Sweethearts,” provides good entertainment for all. So grab yourself a date, boys and girls . . . import, of home talent, and don’t fail to take advantage of all the fun this week-end.
Bernie Vance
and his orchestra will play for the post-prom mixer Saturday night in the north ballroom of the Union.
Prom Programs Approximately three hundred prom goers exchanged ticket stubs for programs yesterday. Programs may be obtained at the cashier’s office in the executive building at any time between 8 and 12 a.m., and 1 to 4:30 p.m. today and tomorrow.
Boilermaker Engineers Outnumber Those Of Any Other School
By R. W. Donahue According to a report published in the January issue of the Journal of Engineering Education, Purdue University has 23.5% more undergraduate students than any other school of equal standing in the world. The report, published annually by the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education, lists 146 institutions in the United States and Canada. Although the report indicates that Drexel Institute has only 3.5% less engineering students than Purdue’s 3,677, closer examination brings out the fact that over 76% of these 3,668 students are enrolled in the evening classes. The ratio of the number of graduates, too, from institutions with evening classes and large enrollments is not proportional to those schools with only day students. A recap of the figures therefore was made and several interesting facts were brought out. Largest Graduation In addition to having the largest ehrollment of undergraduate engineers, the University graduated 531 engineers in 1939, 30% more than Massachusetts Institute of
146 Institutions as of December 30, 1939 (Undergraduate) 38-39^ Institution Freshmen Sophomores Juniors Seniors Grads Total California U 394 387 641 550 302 2,072 Illinois U 751 535 513 449 312 2,248 Iowa State Coll 628 698 362 306 251 1,884 M. I. T 524 472 459 498 409 1,967 Michigan U 562 557 535 491 — 2^35 Minnesota U 598 677 467 468 316 2,110 Ohio State U 571 491 362 351 258 1,776 Oklahoma U 425 346 433 389 172 1,692 Pennsylvania St 475 443 334 358 283 1,610 Purdue U 1,224 ^ 967 829 667 531 3,677 Texas A. &M 1,140 " 803 495 378 220 2,816 Wisconsin U 457 360 330 300 202 1,447 Georgia Tech 722 594 359 219 264 1,894 V. P. 1 646 434 290 254 189 1,624 Texas U 414 431 364 288 197 1,497
ation must be given the fact that a
Technology, the next highest producer of engineers. As a sidelight, the University has 88% more engineers enrolled than hgs M.I.T. Ip potential graduates for 1940, Purdue with 667 seniors, has an 21%
advantage over California University, with 660 seniors. M.I.T. is third with 498. In freshmen, Purdue’s 1,224 are 7% more numerous than Texas A. & M.’s 1,140. Here, again consider-
two year program in the Texas school almost doubles their frosh enrollment, as evidenced by the sharp decrease in the enrollment between the sophomore and junior years. Sophomore enrollment at the University is listed at 967, 19% greater than Texas A. & M.’s 803. As mentioned above the enrollment at Texas A. & M. drops off^n the junior year and consequently Purdue’s 829 junior engineers exceed those enrolled at any other institution by 29%. Total — 105,892 The report shows that there are 105,892 engineers enrolled in schools in the United States and Canada, representing a 10% increase over last year. Of this total, 24,981 are enrolled in mechanical engineering, 16,680 are enrolled in electrical engineering, 15,268 are enrolled in chemical engineering, and 11,091 are enrolled ip civil engineering. (Note: All percentages mentioned here have been calculated considering enrollments at the smaller of two schools as 100%.)
Tonight at 8 p.m. in Fowler Hall, the curtain will rise on Victor Herbert’s “Sweethearts,” this year’s edition of the Varsity Show, directed by William L. Beam. Marjorie Williamson as Sylvia, and Henry Amt as Prince Franz, will play the leading romantic roles. The comedy leads will be filled by Mary Johnston as Dame Paula, Chuck Hart as Mikel, and Bennie Bums as Slingsby.
Enders Will Speak ToPOMM Tonight At Initiation Dinner
Purdue Order of Militaiy Merit, local honorary for advanced course students, will hear Gordon Enders, Par Eastern authority, at its spring initiation banquet in the Union tonight. The dinner will be held at 6 o’clock in room 332-334, which may be reached through the Chestnut Room. Enders, formerly sergeant-major of a British battalion of the Shanghai Volunteer Corps, will relate some of the experiences pf his battalion, made up largely/of American boys, and discuss opportunities for military-trained college youth in volunteer services abroad. Initiation dinner will follow the formal initiation of 28 spring pledges, to take place in the Armory at 5 p.m. today. Tickets for the banquet will be available at the initiation and at the banquet door. Actives as well as initiates are expected to attend both affairs, wearing formal uniform.
Miss Williamson, Miss Johnston, and Amt are soloists for the Glee Club, and Hart and Bums played The Rat and Chico, respectively, in “Seventh Heaven,” the last playshop production. Two other persons who have prominent roles are Prank Franz as Caniche, and Robert Stanley as Von Tromp. Supporting Cast In addition to the-leads there is a supporting cast of eight persons. Thp singing chorus of 32 and the orchestra of 32 pieces are directed by Albert P. Stewart. The orchestra was organized by Joseph Regains.
The action of “Sweethearts” takes place in two settings. Act one is in the laundry of Dame Paula and act
Ed Leudeka, ticket manager for “Sweethearts,” announced last night that there are still plenty of good fifty cent seats left for Thursday and Friday nights. There are also seats available for Saturday night.
State Social Workers To Discuss Problems AtMeeting April 22
Social and public welfare workers representing the west central Indiana area will attend the fiftieth annual Indiana State Conference on Social Work here Monday, April 22. Joseph Andrews of Lafayette, former president of the state organization, will open the meeting after which there will be three separate groups discussing such topics as “The White House Con:(erence on Children in Democracy,” “Mental Hygiene—Family Relationships and Mental Health,” ahd “Problems of Social Work in Rural Areas.”
Shaw To Speak ‘
Wilfred Shaw, judge of the Juvenile Court of Marion County, will speak on “Juvenile Delinquency and Preventitive Measures” before a noon luncheon. The afternoon pro-
two is located in the summer chateau of the Princess of Zilania. The scenery is composed of interchangeable set units. Jack W. Miller was in charge of this work. Designs By Illustrator Daty, nationally known illustrator, executed the color designs for the decor of “Sweethearts.” She does work for Charles Scribner’s and Sons, and is head of the art department at Tudor Hall School for Girls, Indianapolis. The last rehearsal for the production was held last night. Both complete costumes and complete make-up wfere used.
PIA Forum Discusses Student Etiquette
Correct entertaining procedures both f or^eds and co-eds was the subject for discussion last night at the second of a series of etiquette forums sponsored by the PIA in the east faculty lounge of the Union. The topic for the forum was “We are the Hosts,” and was based on Georgann Schilling’s book, “Pardon
gram will consist of a general dis- - Correct manners were dis-
cussion of recreation and leisure time in relation to social problems. Concluding the program will be summaries of the morning group discussions presented by Frai^k R. Hawley, Director of Public Welfare, Warren county; Mrs. Estelle Hammen, Public Welfare Case Work Supervisor, Tippecanoe county; and Professor Kenneth Williams of Indiana University.
cussed and demonstrated.
Table procedure and manners as practiced in Cary Halls and the Women’s Residence Halls highlighted the discussion directed by Peggy Hamilton and Bob Heine.
Sigma Nu
Professors Speak At Forum Tonight
Professor C. B. Murphy of the history department and Professor T. K. Noss of the sociology department, will lead an open forum on “An American Peace Policy” tonight in the east faculty lounge of the Union at 7:30. This is the second of a series of forums which lead up to the annual national student’s peace demonstration tomorrow at 11 a.m. in the reception room of the Union. They are sponsored by the Purdue Student Alliance and the Wesley Fdundation.
. . . social fraternity, announces the formal pledging of the follow-4 ing men: Cal Sheehy, Chicago, 111.; Ralph A. Dise, Cleveland, O., Robert Vincent, Indianapolis; Art Pier, Highland Park, 111.; John F. Wilcox, Evansville; Albert Hubert, Indianapolis; George Norris, Loogootoe, and John Armstrong, Ganandaigus, N. Y. and Philip Magner, Wabash.
CO-ED HOURS
Beginning Monday, April 22, all co-eds will have ll o’ctock hours on week nights. Rrevious to this date freshmen co-ed night hours were 7:30 p. nu Friday, Saturday, and Sunday hours will remain unchan^^ WSGA Judicial Bnaci,pobdde exponent
'hiuradoy. April 18,1940
Aeromodelers Will See
IM Schedules
Purdue Exponent
X X iMterw.x 8iBia«
JMMoiMb-CIiM
Motion Pictures Tonight
-PmNw llMU««r
D. a. X X Antowtoi-Senlor AdwrtfcfaN XgMtwr G. SAflUiW X J«jWb» -JSiwrti Battor
Thaam',
Bditorial, 4008; BssfaMM, 8088: Sporte. Xm
Pnblteh^ daOr exoQit Mmadagr teisc Gm aeademis p«ar. Enteccd «a neoad dus maV ter at tt/ioet offio. ta LaliwdX nader the Art of ConKxeM of Martb 8, W70, aid at the epeelal rate oS pootac* prow^ for la aeethm UOS. Art of Oetobar 8. 1017. anthorired JanoaUr 20.10X8.
iBNTaO POB NATIONAt. ADVBMTialNa BV
||atioidAdirei1isiiigSerace,liic.
CMb** PoMdm ErtBMPBWlM
4NO Madwoh Ava. Haw YoaK, N. Y.
There will be a meeting of the Aeromodelers club tonight at 7:30 in the Union club room. Motion pictures of a recent model contest will be shown. The club will sponsor an outdoor model contest on Saturday, May 19. There will be three main events in the contest. The first event will be for gas models, the second for rub-ber-powered fuselage models, and the last for gliders. The rules for the contest -will be those of the 1940 National Aeronautical Association.
BASEBALL ^ Thursday, April 18 Diamond 1 Phi Gamma Delta vs Pi Kappa Phi 2 Phi Kappa Psi vs Acacia 3 Alpha Chi Rho vs Tau Epsilon Phi 4 Phi Sigma Kappa vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 5 Beta Sigma Psi vs Phi Kappa Tau 6 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Alpha Kappa Iis^bda 7 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Delta Theta 8 Ward 13 vs Ward 24 9 Ward 26 vs Ward 27 10 Ward 26 vs Wprd 28
• BcMToa • MW *aan.n - sab niABCiMO
Alpha Zeta
All unsigned editorials are wrltteii br tbe EditorU Oireetor. Delivered by carrier. 88 P«r aoademieYW: by mao. 88.80. Businesa effliea loeated at 818 N. Pifth Street: editorial rtBee, Union BuOding; sporto offiee. Field Hbosc.
ntis newspaper is written.
pnbUBbed by undergradnate students
due Unircnitar. All opinio
edited, and snis of Pnr-
.. opinions In it, nnless otherwise aooredited. are stoideBt cvinioiM. BBil do not nceeBsarily ertneido wHh tbe
olQclnl Universitir vier^int.
. . . Ag honorary, announces the following officers as a result of recent elections: John A. Stewart, Greensburg, president; Herman Drabenstott, Huntington, vice-pres-ident; Sidney Legg, Windfall, secretary; Robert Payne, Cutler, treasurer; and Charles Ford, West Point, historian.
Silver Mask: Regular meeting Thursday, April 18, at 7:16 p.in. in room 806 of the Union. —WELDY.
All Students: Those of you who have not your copy of Scrivener pl^se call Alexander, 2673, or Metz, 8421. 4-22 —ALEXANDER.
Night Editor Ass’t Night Editor Day Editor
. Fletcher .. Koerner Miller
Thursday, April 18, 1940
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Pi Tau Sigma Announces
PIA Chorus: Next rehearsal will be held Thursday, April 18, at 4:80 p.m., in room 307 of the Union. This will begin a series of important rehearsals in preparation for two banquets and the All-Univeristy Sing. Please plan to spend a full hour. —ARCHIBALD.
Gold Pepper Pledges and Actives: Initiation in room 304 of the Union at 6 p.m. Thursday, April 18. Dinner at 6:30, will be over by 7 p.m. —MITCHELL.
list Of 20 Spring Pledges
Pi Tau Sigma, national mechanical engineering honorary, has recently announced the list of its spring pledges. They are chosen from the junior class and are selected for their high scholastic averages. Pledges are Henry Wist, Albert Schnaible, Patrick Brennan, Edward Blakslee, William Shelmerdine, Harry Zintel, John Bowling, Wilbur Marsh, John Davis, Philip Wolverton, Charles Rockwood, Thomas Peppier, Paul Neher, William Ward, Walter Woodward, Gerald Brewer, Clinton Brown, Don Jackson, Charles McKeighen, and Harry Gerstung.
POMM: Initiation and banquet originally planned for Tuesday, April 16, is postponed until Thursday, April 18. Formal initiation will be held in Armory at 6 p.m. Thursday, April 18, and Spring banquet will follow at 6 p.m. in the Union. Formal uniform required. Actives plan to attend both functions. —HOTLER.
Roger Williams Club: Leap year party postponed from Saturday, April 20, to Wednesday, April 24. —BROWNING.
Sophomore Military Students: Advance course applicants list is posted on the bulletin board. Read it and comply with instructions. Any one desiring to have his name removed from the list, be sure and see the Adjutant. 4-21 —WISELOGEL.
Outing Club: Bicycle hike to Battle Ground starts at 10:30 a.m. Sunday, April 27. All people interested in this hike whether having bicycles or not call following before Saturday noon. Marcile Long, 2823; Marge Ward, 41111; Fred Cordua, 86293; or George Shawkins, 46473. —SHAWKINS.
Poultry Club: There will be a meeting of the Poultry Club this evening at 7:30 in the Poultry Building. —SMITH.
Catalyst Club: Keys can be obtained in the physical chemistry lab from Dr. Hunt. 4-20 —BERGSTEDT.
Debris Salesmen: Important business meeting in business oifice Thursday, April 18, at 4 p.m. —McLEAN.
HELD OVER-
THRU SATURDAY BY POPULAR DEMAND
THE SHADOW of REBECCA'S LOVES, HATES and PASSIONS Hovers oyer Them!
Kappa Delta Pi
While their eyes blaze with hunger for each other . . . their hearts tremble with dread over the lure of woman's relentless Fascination!
. . . honorary educational society announces the following pledges: Josinah Allen, Mildred Bossong, Veral Clausen, G. R. Culp, M. Davidoff, R. E. Davis, Jane Fairbanks, C. L. Ford, Florence Fosbrink, Loretta Heilmann, Marian Johnson, Joan Le Boeuf, A. D. Luers, Mary Edith Monk, Martha Moon,^ G. L. Norquest, Lucille Osborn, Lois Simpson, Mary Smith, E. H. Stuckey, Ruth Swickard, and Joyce Williams. Initiation will take place on Tuesday, April 23, in the Union. The ceremony will be followed by a banquet for the initiates, actives, and faculty members.
DAPHNE DuMAURIER'S
Rebecca
starring LAURENCE OLIVER Brilliant Star of "Wufflering Heights" JOAN FONTAINE
IIOWIIS Ih pmm
Beautifully Styled Highest Quality Experienced Designers Prompt Delivery
Exquisite Orchids Belmont Gardenias and all popular corsage flowers
Let us have your Prom order and be assured satisfaction
FLOWER SHOP Phone 8451
527 Main St.
Stndcnf Service Fhnd Committee: Impomnt meeting of ail committees and repifesentatives Thursday, April 16, at 4 p.m. in Hie West faculty lounge of the Union. Please be there promptly. —HOBBS.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Actives and pledges, your initiation fee pays for a ticket to the all-engineering honorary banquet. Be sure to get your ticket from your fraternity president by Tuesday, April 23. — HUSTON.
Classified Ads
rOR SALE
Chi Epsilon: Actives and pledges, your initiation fee pays for a ticket io the all» engineering honorary banquet. Be sure to get your ticket from your fraternity president by Tuesday, April 23. —HUSTON.
FOR SALE — Typewriters, standard and portable, sold.
All makes, purchased,
rented and repdi?^ portable maohiuoi ■ ^ Dliee. O. F. Ebersb^.
as low as 829.76. Supp!
606 Main street.
Freshman Union Workers: Needed to work on Prom decorations for the remainder of the week. 4-18 —HOFFER.
Pi Tau Sigma: Actives and pledges, your
St
PIA Members: All persons wishing to petition for president, co-ed executive, vicepresident, secretary, and tteasurer of PIA for the coming year must have petitions in office^ by Thursday, April 18, at 8 p. m. Petitions need no signatures but should state qualifications. Petitions for all other offices due Wednesday, April 24, at 5:80 p.m. —HINSHAW.
initiation fe,e pays for a tiokrt to the allengineering honorary banquet. Be sure to get your ticket from your fraternity pres-
ident by Tuesday, April 23.
—HUSTON.
FOR RBNT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 ^11 night. Phone 71644.
Eta Kappa Nu: Actives and pledges, your initiation fee pays fdr a ticket to the allengineering honorary banquet. Be sure to get your ticket from your fraternity president by Tuesday, April 28.
—HUSTON.
Anyone interested in living at the Westminster Co-op huring summer session see Everett Hood, 318 N. Grant St., Phone 3747.
LOBT AMD FOUND
-V
YWCA Cabinet: No regular meeting this week. Installation of officers and new cabinet next Thursday.
—COOLEY.
Lost: Brown wallet containing driver’s license and change. Contact W. E. Beal; 189 S. Grant. Reward.
Lost: Larayo yellow gold wrist watch— tan leather strap. Finder please call 66762,
Aeromodelers: Meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Union club room. Entry blanks for the contest will be distributed at that time. Motion' pictures will be shown of a recent contest. —HARKER.
Lost: K & E Slide Rule No. 469804. Name on rule and case. Reward. Phone 46862. R. M. Beir.
Lost: Dufay color Manual in Room 201, Michael Golden Shops, Monday afternoon. Bill Bell, phone 8421.
Tan Beta Pi: Pledging will be held at 7 :16 p.m., Thursday, April 18, at the Triangle house. —CATTERALL.
Radio Club: Regular meeting Tuesday, April 23, at 7:80 p.m., in room 264 of the electrical engineering building. M. T. Gannon will be the speaker for the evening. Everyone is invited. —PITCHER.
2 DAYS
ONLY
MARS
TODAY - FRIDAY
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
A NEW STARTLING ADVENTURE from the secret case book of the screen's romantic M. D,!
—TODAY - FRI. - SAT.-
MliillEI
-2 FIRST RUN HITS—
LEW AYRES LIONEL BARRYMORE
LORAINE DAY NAT PENDLETON
Dr. Kildare's fallen for the red lips of a woman in white! Dr. Gillespie's in a dither!
VICTOR |ORY JO ANNj SAYERS Russell Hayden — IN — ZANA GREY'S 'LIGHT OF THE WESTERN STARS"
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
RICHARD CROMWELL DORIS GEORGE DAY • BARRIER
RADIO’S BRIGHTEST STARS LULUBELLE ond SCOTTY VERA VAGUE • DON WILSON • THE KiDOODLERS
Vimes o \a\iae4 service, tooraerio*' c^steta ^veyo« _ 300,000 ^ ^YioneBetv , -
NIW
Starts TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
In Her heart he found the strength to fight a world he hated!
This is my sister! .
man!
ty
r
n
i £
ERROL FLYNN BETTE DAVIS
PLUS
Bomb Bursting Expose of Secret Enemy Spies!
HIDDEN ENEMY —.WITH — WARREN HULL KAY LINAKER
DOMING— PRIMROSE PATH
■naiiitburadoy, 18.1940
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Riveter Trdck Squad To Face Wayne U, Team Here Saturday Fresh from their decisive victory over Michigan State last Saturday, Coach Phillips’ turf-pounders will be out to make it two straight when Wayne University invades Ross Ade stadium this week-end. Somewhat unpredictable due to the fact that they have yet to meet their first outdoor opponent this season, the Detroit lads'are bound nevertheless to make it hard for the Boilermakers to repeat last week’s performance. Rankin Runs Again , -
^xpomni
BoUe Jenkins, Sports Eiditor
Nigrht Editor, Marquis
With the Riveters’ pew-found hurdler, Dave Rankin, out for more blood the Motor City boys, may have to take a back seat in this division which ilong has been one of their strongest. Tolmich, one of the^ world’s greatest hurdlers, is a Wayne product. Highlights of the meet will center around the 440 and mile event with Captain Shackleton out to lead the way in the former and Ed 'folderman striving to snap the tape in
the latter. Both of these men finished in front last week. Under the present set-up, Weber will toss the shot and Tycocki will leap the broad jump. The meet will start at 1:30 Saturday afternoon with the pole vault. Other events will begin at 2;00. On June 1 the Boilermakers willX participate in an ^1-state meet, plahs for which are still in an infant stage.
Exclusive Agency for PALM BEACH SUITS in West Lafayette / GULLION’S
ONIUCKY IN lOVE?
TRY A FEW PALM BEACH SUITS and see the difference. Girls can’t resist a man who’s cool and smart in a Palm Beach White or Evening Formal. Your favorite clothier is featuring 1940’s broader-shouldered models. See them today—and may the best woman win! Palm Beach Suits, $16.75. In whites, blues, tans, grays and greens. Washable, of course. Palm Beach Formals (white jacket and black trousers), $18.50. Slacks, $5.00. Goodall Company, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Pjuicfi))h
Always look for this label
fiidcbjti, Qhouji Bjr Bobert J. Decksrd NOTES ON A BALL GAME Hobbled out to watch the Purdhe Findlay baseball nines mix it up in “Pirate weather” on the Ross-Ade Recreational Field Tuesday, sat, shivering and nearly frozen for two hours and a half, anil witnessed the climax of the affair which was Felix Mackiewicz’ triple, high, far, and handsome. —^fc— We’ve seen some nice ball games broken up with a timely hit in our day, but the pill that Mack hit could never have been more timely than the one he poled into deep right field in the last half of that fatal ninth for the Findlay contingent. —^fc— Mack hadn't done anything particularly to shout about with respect to slamming the sphere around during the afternooh, but this hit certainly redeemed him for his previous efforts at the pan. —^fc— The more this department sees of sophomore keystoner, Harry McFerren, the more we are impressed with the consistently good ball games he turns in for the Boiler-
Leo Nesius
Findlay Game Rained Out Riveters To Meet Indiana Dealing himself a hand in Boilermaker diamond activities for the third time within one week, the fickle Hoosier weather man sent the Findlay college nine home yesterday afternoon with no chance to avenge themselves for their ninth inning defeat Tuesday. The Riveter baseball team turned to eye its Big Ten prospects once again and began to prepare for its twogame series with Indiana’s rampaging Hoosier team tomorrow and Saturday at Bloomington.
DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Mon. April 22, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Wed. April. 24,7:30..p. m. ENROLL NOW INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL PHONE 2150 AUJEPPSBih mi. Wemty
. . . PS ’40, was injured yesterday afternoon, when a heavy steel tractor wheel fell on him at the International Harvestei company where he IS employed. He is now in St. Elizabeth hospital.
makers . . . And Tuesday was no exception for the PUer. He handled eight assists without a flaw, made a pair of putouts, negotiated a booming single to left, participated in a double play, and covered the territory between the initial and key bases like a veteran. —^fc— Bud Stamm’s appeal ance m left field, the spot Dan Blanken usually covers when not slanting the onion across the pan, satisfied the customers . . . Bud acquired a fiee trip to first, pasted one to deep center— it was caught—got a single over second, executed a well-placed sacrifice hit, and swiped second base to boot. —^fc— Blanken made his first home appearance in the pitcher’s box and, at times, was a trifle wild, throwing a brace of wild pitches . . . But when the occasion arose to pitch himself out of the proverbial hole, Don did so admirably . . . During his six innings of pitching, seven Findlay men were left stranded on the bags . . . Although he was wild at times, Don issued only one base on balls, while Gerald Higgins, Boilermaker who succeeded him, allowed one, and the opposing pitcher Endreck eight. —fc— Probably there never was a more disgusted player on the diamond than Endreck when Mack got behind a pitch with his 200 pounds and hoisted that triple into right... When Mack hit the ball, Endreck started running for second, and, then when he saw the ball sailing over the rightfielder’s head, he disgustedly threw his glove off the diamond and walked dejectedly to the sidelines.
In spite of their slight awakening late in Tuesday’s game, the Boilermaker squad will have to regain their batting eyes before they can hope to stop the Indiana team. Felix Mackiewicz’s long distance triple, which drove in the tying and winning runs, was the only real clout by a Riveter batter and saved the Boilermakers from ignominious defeat. Johnny Vernon led in the hit column with two singles. Bailey OK Bob Bailey, ace Boilermaker hurler who has been laid up with a strep throat infection, seems to be in top condition again and will probably start one of the games at Bloomington. Blanken, Higgins, and Emmert will probably carry the brunt of the other pitching duties. Indiana’s team has compiled a fairly impressive record in its games so far this spring. The Hoosiers beat Fort Benning in their opening battle, then lost a close one to the same opponents. Next they trimmed the Columbus Red Birds down in Georgia. The Red Birds bounced back and handed the Hoosiers their second defeat. Since then the Indiana team has beaten Indiana State. Tuesday afternoon they set back the DePauw nine, 7-2. Don Dunker, sophomore hurler, allowed^five hits and fanned 15 Tiger batsmen. Rebuilt Team Coach Pooch Harrell, Indiana mentor, has built up this year’s team around Don Danielson, second baseman and lone regular from last spiing. At piesent he relies on a pitching staff composed of Captain Dale Gentil, Handley, Alldridge, and Dunker. Stoshitch, last year’s backstop, caiiies most of the catching duties with Dio, Berne, or Hursh spelling him behind the plate. Dro and Hursh play first base and outfield in addition to their catching abilities. Infield In the infield Harrell has built up a combination which includes Hoffman, Armstrong, Danielson, Kosman, Whipple, and Hacker. Dro,
P.
rom an
J
owe^6
These two words go together to assure you_and your date of a delightful evening — make your selection early. We make corsages to suit the personality of your date and to match her gown.
May we suggest: Orchids Gardnias Camellias
Sweet Peas Roses Carnations
and Spring Flowers
l^otk ^nc.
635 Main Street
Luna Theatre Bldg.
EHal 7955-8050
Hursh, Corriden, Francis, Evon, Shumaker perform in the outfield. Hitting seems to be one of the least of Harrell’s worries, judging from the scores and statistics on the Indiana games to date. The Hoosiers have twice nm up their score to 11 runs, once to eight, once to seven, and once to six. Whipple, Corriden, Armstrong, Francis, Dro, and Kosman all seem to be able to deliver when hits are needed. The Boilermakers will make their next home appearance Tuesday when they face the Butler nine on Ross-Ade Field. Major Leagues Launch Seasons Although arctic blasts limited crowds in some of the inaugural games in the major leagues Tuesday, a total of 186,000 anxious baseball fans flocked to the opening ceremonies at 8 different cities. In the launching of the 154-game schedule which will conclude in late September, the hard-working pitchers seemed to have benefited more by spring training than the fencebusters, for in the 8 games played the hurlers released the meager total of 88 hits. Working that number into one that means something, we find that on the average each team connected for almost six hits, with the losing nine hitting safely only five times on the average. Few Sluggers Home run hitters were held at bay by the National and American league moundsmen, lelinquishing seven round-trippers. Five of this total are credited to sluggers of the senior circuit, a fact which makes one doubt if the National loop is really the pitcher’s league and death for the batsmen, as is claimed by many. More honors must be hung on the opening-day hurleis when it is noticed that ten of the starting dingers lasted for the entire route. Seven of these iron men were American Leaguers. Could it be that the junior loop is becoming the pitcher’s kingdom? Ole Man Mose Ain’t Dead Topping the list of notable achievements of the day was the no-hit, no-run triumph of 21-year old Bob Feller, whose speedball will mean much to the pennant chances of the Cleveland Indians. However, old Mose Grove, Boston veteran, authored a victory almost as impressive against Washington. The 40 year old southpaw was nicked for only two hits, both of a weak variety, and pitched the first seven frames without permitting a man to reach first. In contrast to yoimg Feller, who walked five batsmen. Grove had perfect control and didn’t give a single base on balls during the nine innings. Golf Squad Meets Notre Dame Today Despite the fact that bad weathei has almost continuously hampered their practice sessions, the Purdue golf squad left yesterday for the scheduled match with Notre Dame. A home contest April 13 with Detroit was snowed out, which is typical, meterologically speaking at least, of the bad bieaks the squad has been getting. This meet, which will, if weather permits, be held today, is the first taste the boilermaker linksmen have had of competition since they capped their southern trip, March 28, by defeating the University of Tennessee at KnoxvUle. Previous to this, the Puidue golfers had been defeated by both Georgia Tech and U. of Georgia on Ms^reh 25 and 2d, respectively.
mmT
4
PUBD0E EXPONENTT
Thursday, April 18, 1940
When You Attend— ‘‘Sweethearts” Please notice the best dressed men in the audience, you can be sure they are outfitted by GuUions. • ARROW SHIRTS • SOCIETY BRAND CLOTHES
INC.
Congratulations for the Success of the Season We can think of two good ways to relax. • See "Sweethearts" • Read from our selection of Latest Books DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 4677
^weetLea^td is coming and so are finals. H ave your eyes tested today. Insure your ability to enjoy and do your best work.
mm]
OPTOMETRIST
VARSITY SHOW OF 1940 Sweethearts
Left to Right, Janeth Dixon, Marvin Smith, Marjoriet Williamson, Henry Amt
CAST
JANETH DIXON Liane Freshman Home Ec Benton Harbor Mich MARVIN SMITH Lt Karl Sophomore Sc ence Monticello
CHUCK HART Mikel Junior Science Ft Wayne MARY JOHNSTON . Dame Paula Special Science Lafayette
MARJORIE WILLIAMSON Sylvia Sophomore Home Ec, Lafayette HENRY AMT Prince Franz junior Science Indianapolis
BENNY BURNS Slingsby Senior Forestry Chicago
FRANK FRANZ Caniche Senior Agriculture Greenfield
Directors Acting and dancing, William Dean, Business John Dietrich; Technical: Jack Miller; Music and Choruses: Albert P Stewart, Orchestra Joe Regains Produced by Purdue Playshop, Musical Organizations
It Pays to— • See “Sweethearts” • Patronize a Reliable Dealer You will find the shoe you want in this selection of individually styled models of selected calf known for its wearing qualities. The new spring styles are
in.
A. B. C Shoe Company
Congratulations to both Cast and Producers •^‘Sweethearts” promises to be one of the most popular productions of the season. The past musicals have always been tops, so we’U see you there. Peter Anderson Company
24 Hour Service
Phone 4048
Take a Cab for ^^Sweethearts’^ Regardless of Weather Be Comfortable in a 5023 Yellow Cab 3071
Y
r i' y
y
f *