l\ I ic T y
1'/ ' , '“■ ,uM t *, ' ' ^'‘i' ’' *1, ^ ^ /i’ ,')!>' ^’’'’ ' ‘ i * ' '
>v
i
l>
' *'V,/,''V
.i<iHii>.ii»i»*i ■„> I,III I
Y’ ’XJf 'I"''’" i-'r -'
"'/■'jBf' j/''
Jii4>Cial board Cuts Coed Week-End Hdiirs, To Midnight
)
Establlihed 1889
xfjtMiem ^ s Daily Since 1906
'7!3rMt>i»t9,rora»i, Tonjorrow Afteriioc»» At befense Lecture,
ydlD(n« 53, No. 110
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, February 5,
aoiyytU
q|» WSHNflOH MSHir-so-KOU
*$caf Davis To Play For Interfraternity Ball
All-University Relief Drive Opens
By prew Pearson and Roliert S. Allen
U. $. m To Place Brazil In LeO^^ip Position In LafSifi AlipHtrican Politics RlO p’4 JANEIRO, Feb. 4.—It was two o'clock in the morning. The Pan^Ap^i^kihn Conference was WindiliW HR its IjSst tough day. The Poreigii l^ihistets of the Western hemisphere had knocked the heads of ]?^ru and ficuador together until at Ibng last they promised to settle their century-old boundary dispute, thus ending aggression in the Americas. Moonlight played on the palm trees outside. White swans glided in .the' ancient reflecting pool of the foreign Office. But Pan-American diplomats, dog-tii’led, cared naught about moon, swans or palm trees, ds they waited for the translators tb Whip the Peruvian-Ecuadorian treaty into Spanish, English and PoHuguese. Only man still exuding vivaciousness was Brazil's indefatigable Foreign Minister Oswaldo Aranha. While waiting, he expounded to his colleagues on the evils of Hitler. ‘fpitler,” said Aranha, “has started two things which he will liv^ to regret. One is his persecution of the Jews. That will come back to haunt Germany for years. ''The' qtbar ia forcing the United States to become a great military natioU. Before Hitler, the United States was one of the least militaristic countries in the world. It did not want to arm. But now that it is armed, its people will not permit it to be caught napping again. So it will suffer all the evils of militarism.” “But, Dr. Aranha,” interrupted Sumner Welles with a twinkle in his eye, “Brazil will suffer from the same evils; for all that we have in the way of military supplies Brazil will have also. We intend to send you tanks, airplanes, artillery until we have (Continued on page 2)
All New Students Regardless of classification, all new students of the second semester are required to take Orientation tests Thursday afternoon, February 5, beginning at 1:00 o'clock in Room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. These tests ha'Td precedence over cldesroom assignments and failure to report will cause exclusion f'rdnt.ai! dlbssed plus a penalty fee of $2.00. Rxeuses for classes missed will be handed out at the conclusioh 6t the tests. M, L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Exponent Issues Freshman Callout For Editorial Staff A general call-out meeting for all freshmen men interested in working on the Exponent editorial or sports staffs will be held next Tuesday afternoon, Feb. 10, at 4:15 in room 304 of the Union, according to an announcement from Lee Ruffner,
Exponent's managing editor.
The general set-up and operation of the editorial and sports staffs will be explained at this meeting. Members of the senior and junioi' editorial board will be -
AWS Places Coed Hours On War Time Basis
introduced at the same time. Lee Ruffner will explain the work of the editorial staff, and Phil Johnson, spoi’ts editor, will explain the
function of the sports staff. Interest, Competence, Humor No previous experience on high
school or commercial newspapers or periodicals is necessafy. “An interest in journalism, competence, an inquisitive mind, a sense of humor.
Coed hours for the present se-
Co-Ordinated Effort For Colledion Of Funds Begins With $50 PIA Contribution Yesterday PIA contributed $50 yesterday to open the All-University Relief Fund Drive which will continue through next Thursday. Contributions to the fund are being received by coeds representing AWS outside the Sweet Shop and also all activities are being contacted for contributions by the Activities Bureau. The Relief Fund Coordinating committee urges that all students place whatever contri-
Governor Shricker Speaks For Annual Sons 0' Soil Dinner Canners Name Sharpe As Tomato Champion' Tomato growers from all over the state, 1,200 in number, last night were honored ^t the annual Sons O’ Soil banquet that brought to a close the 15th annual University conference for canners, fieldmen, and growers. Governor Henry F.
Friday and Saturday nights and a continuation of 11 o’clock hours for Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Sunday nights. The judicial board of the Associated Women Students voted this
and a fair knowledge of English have been changed to a war grammar,” said Ruffner, “are all of 1™® basis wffh 12 o’clock hours for
the qualifications necessary for a
freshman worker.” To Conduct School
A news-writing school will be con-
ducted by the junior associate edi-
tors over a two weeks period fol- , , ... lowing the call-out. Instruction in chanp last night upon the recomstory coverage, lead writing, fea- mendations of the Student War ture writing, headline composition ‘he AWS executive and in covering a news-beat will be , , , given at these classes. Six to eight ^he change was reconimended , , •„ ,,, „ and voted for because of the extra
classes will be given duiing the , { , ,
, 1 • j m -n demands put upon students by the two-week period. Two sessions will ^ , ,,
». new three term year and the need convene every afternoon on class „ „
, A j A.I. for conservation of all resources
days, one at 4 and another at 6. . „ , mi ■ i -11 11 4.U necessary to fight This arrangement will enable the .
editorial board to give special attention to every “cub” woiker attending the school, and will facilitate attendance for freshmen who
may have 4 o’clock classes.
Work Once A Week
All freshmen “cub” leporters . , . i 4. • j , , , , , , pected to save electric power and must work at least one day a week ^ , .j _ ,
bution they feel able to in the box outside the Sweet Shop. This box will serve as the central depository for the contributions, and the Activities Bureau is acting as central receiving office for all funds collected outside of campus organizations. These organizations, including fraternities, sororities, and residence halls, are forming plans for the collection of funds within their respective organiza-
tions.
Funds Go To Elliott’s Offic« At the close of the drive next
Thursday noon all funds collected through the drive will be taken to President Elliott’s office. All student organizations are requested to
Shricker was the principal speaker retain their separate collections unat the program which marked the til this time.
closing of the two day meeting.
Growers Awarded
Growers who achieved outstanding success with their canning crop last year were awarded with gold, silver, and bronze medals. Gold watches were presented to Gilbert Sharpe of Frankfort and Delos
Over 6,600 letters explaining the drive will be sent out to students and faculty members by presidents of all fraternities, sororities, cooperative houses, residence halls, student activities and woikers of the Activities Bureau. Posters will also be placed in every campus building
Band To Play In Both Ballrooms Of Union Johnny “Scat” Davis and his orchestra will play for the annual Interfraternity Presidents’ Ball Friday, Feb. 18,. it was announced last night by R. V. Mayfield, President of the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council. Davis, who comes to the - campus direct from the Blackhawk Restaurant in Chicago, will play from 8:30 to 11:30 in both ballrooms of the Union. \ In cooperation with the Student Senate's recommendation, the bpll committee has voted for no. corsages at the dance. Featured with the orchestra are singers Gloria Van, Joe Martin, Bob McReynoIds, and Tony Cabot’s saxophone play-
ing.
Native Hoosier Davis, who was bom in Brazil, Indiana, got his start in the mnsic world when he played comet for Jack O’Grady’s orchestra. It was with this orchestra that he became a “scat” singer when he was forced to ad lib in his first attempt at singing. Following his job with O’Grady, Davis worked with Jimmy Joy, Red Nichols, Smith BaUi^, Will Osborne, and Fred Waring and his Pennsylvanians. While with Wanng, Johnny worked in the film “Varsity Show” and after that was signed to a long term contract by Warner Brothers. Since then he has played in such pictures as “Brother Rat,” “Hollywood Hotel,” and “Garden of the Moon.” ' Shortly afterward he formed his own band and played in Hollywood before coming to Chicago, d.w.o.
Johnnie 'Scat' Davis
Spraker of Kokomo, state winner to remind the students of the urgent
war. This
change is in line with those made in other universities which have accelerated the pace of the regu-
lar curriculum. Will Save Power
The lowering of coed hours on Friday and Saturday nights is ex-
and reserve champion, respectively, of the U. S. “Won” Tomato Club, and to Emeral Stockley and Ben C. Shera both of Lebanon, state winner and reserve champion, respectively, of the Indiana Double Tonnage Club. More than 600 reservations were made for the banquet in both balllooms of the Union. Also presented
need for contributions to the following charities: Red Cross, World Stuent Service Fund, British War Relief, United China Relief, Golden Rule Organization, United Seivice Organizations and American Field
Service.
Largest Drive On Campus The Relief Fund Coordinations Committee, which has picked the
from 4 to 9 p.m., but are encour-
fuel in large residence units such as the Residence Halls, Cary Halls,
aged to work more often, if possi- - -i. .. , -x u , f „ , , fraternity and sorority houses ble. Sports men will report for work ... . .rv uj. i J vp T-,- ij which may now turn off lights down-
at the sports office in the Fieldhouse; editorial workers, in the main offices in the sub-basement of
the Union.
Editorial coed call-outs will be
stairs and on the exterior of the
buildings one hour earlier.
A saving of energy is expected with the students going to bed ap-
, ,, . proximately one hour earlier on held on next Wednesday. The tune .^^^^-ends since less studying is
and place will be announced in the
Exponent within the next few days,
d.t.b.
Frai’ernity Bowlers ■
To Complete Matches PIA
Hours for Junior Prom have been set for 3 a. m. and those for Soph^moi’e Cotillion for 1 a. m. a.c.
on the program was the honoring above charities that will be beneof nine persons who “had done the fitted by the drive, expects this most for the Indiana canning in- drive to be the largest single underdustry in 1941” by the Sons O’ Soil taking of its kind to have ever feksociety, a fun organization serious- en place on the University campus, ly interested in canning crops. These It is hoped that the continual sopersons were inducted into the or- liciting of the various relief organder “Knights of the Red Tie.” izations for contributions from stu“Tomato Champion” dents will be taken care of by this The title of “Tomato Champion” drive, .w.o.
was given to Gilbert Shapre who produced an average of 21.67 tons of tomatoes per acre on 5.9 acres
during the past season.
Confidence was expressed by both gioweis and canners that Indiana could and would produce this year at least the five million cases of canned tomatoes, requested this year by the government from In-
diana. r.w b.
Regularly scheduled play in the Interfraternity Bowling Contest will end this week with each team having bowled thirteen different teams making a total of 39 games. The fraternities winning the highest number of games will play in the semi-finals sometime next week. The day will be announced in the Exponent, r.m.f.
.. . will hold a ward paity in both faculty lounges of the Union Friday evening from 8 to 11. The party will be open to all independent students whether they are membeis of PIA or not. Dancing, cards, and party games will begture the evening’s entertainment. Dale Martin IS in charge of the party, j.d.c.
Dr. Albert Coe Will Address ReligiousConvo Dr. Albert Buckner Coe, pastor of the First Congregational Church
former Entomology Students Travel Through Central America In Work With Fruit Company
By George Starr Channing J. Fredrickson, Ag '42, and Charles W. Allmon, Ag. ’41, entomology majors while in the University, left school last summer with the idea of seeing the world —or at least a small part of it. The two boys were bourtd for “parts unknown” with a bafeic understanding of Spanish and liniited knowledge of the Ciountry in which they were to spend so many months. Channing has recently returned to school and bi ought with him an account of his experiences in the Republic of Honduras, a relatively large countiy in Central America. ■ Work In Plantation Last June the two boys were employed by the United Fiuit Company to work in their banana plantations. Channing’s position was spraymaster which entailed the
management of the spray program and direction of other workers. The 1,600 acie plantation on which they worked was located 60 miles inland from Port Puerto Cortez and employed 400 laborers. The United Fruit Company is “the” fruit company in Central America, operating a fleet of 60 vessels. The Great White Fleet, and shipping 62,000 stems of bananas from the plantation per month. Approximately 700,000 stems per month is the total export of the company’s 60,000 total acres. Sceneiy in Honduras is outstanding, Channing testifies. Agriculturally, Honduras is very productive and rich. These two features would make it a perfect setting for such an enterprise were it not for one other factor, the weather. Because Honduras has two diy seasons, early spilng and early fall, agricultural
understakings require irrigation tp be productive. Si, Si, Senorl! Oh, Yes! the plantation has its social life. However it is mostly in the Spanish style. Marimba dances and fiestas are the chief forms of amusement. The fiestas are a kind of fair which lasts for several days, throughout which time there is much merriment, feasting, and geneial “whoopee.” Senoritas must be chaperoned on all dates, which may, or may not be a Spanish custom. Most recent information from the plantation indicates that U. S. employees are being drawn from the plantation to the sea. Shipping is a problem reaching serious proportions and the Republic has exappropriated all German, Italian and Japanese property, thus collaborating with hemisphere policy of strict vigilance.
Screen Shorts Continue Today In Hall Of Music “Screen Reviews,” the legular program of Thursday afternoon movie short presentations, will undergo the third showing in its new second semester series this afternot^ from 3 till 6 in the Music
Hall.
Varied Program
Included in the program will be the following short subjects: “News of the Day,” at 3:05 and 4:31; “Unusual Occupations” at 3:13 and 4:39; “Battlefields of the Pacific,”
of Oak;> Park, 111., will speak at the from the Mai’ch of Time series, at third religious convocation of the 8:23 and 4:49; “American Spoken ^ear to be held in the Music Hall Here,” of the Passing Parade series, at 10:30 a. m, Sunday. at 3:43 and 5:09; “Sacred Ganges,” Dr. Coe, who graduated from Yale dealing with the religious atinosUniversity in 1922, spoke on the phere surrounding the Ganges Rivei campus, four years ago. He lectured jn India, at 3:53 and 5:19; “Transin Europe and held a pastorate in fe^. of Power,” a selection from the Montreal before accepting his pres- British library, at 4:03 and 5:29; ent position. and “Bone Trouble,” a Disney cai-
World War I Veteran toon, at 4:24 and 5:50. Although he fought in the First Passports Necessary
World War, he has always been an Passports are absolutely necesadvocate of peace. His strong con- saiy for admission and no one will
be admitted without this means of
identification, a.p.h.
University Club To Meet Next Tuesday Night At 8 University Club will hold its third meeting of the yeai next Tuesday at 8:15 p. m. in the noith ballroom of the Union. Enteitainment will include a concert followed by an informal social hour. The conceit committee is headed by Mrs. Siegle Anderson and Mrs.
Debris To Hold
Business Staff
Call-Out Today
Debris business staff will have
a call-out today at 4 p.m. in the business office, the third floor of the Union, for all freshmen who are interested in working on the business staff. The purpose of the meeting^ is to acquaint those interested with the type of duties connected with this staff of the year book. Important facts about the new 1942 De-
bris will be discussed also.
Can Gain Experience
By working on this staff experience may be gained in sales promotion, poster making, publicity and accounting. Throughout the
victions have made him a person whose personality and messages have attracted the attention of many college students and persons
of college age.
The University Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will furnish the music for the morning. University Church Party Will Feature Folk Dancing University Presbyterian Church will hold its Mid-Winter party at
7:30 p. m. tomorrow. The party will James L. Cattell assisted by Mes feature folk dancing and games, dames J. L. Bray, L. W. LaBree, There will be no charge for admis- W. V. Owen, C. C. Reeck and B. N. Sion. Pientice and F. D. Martin, b.m.p.
Albjerg To Discuss War Backgrounds At Defense Lecture Prof. V. Albjerg of the history, economics and government department will give the second in a series of six defense lectures Friday at 4 p.m. in the Music Hall. During his^discussion on “The Backgiound of the War,” Prof. Albjerg will list a number of reasons for the outbreak of the war and “the speech will be an expose of Hitlerian in-
trigue.”
Professor Albjerg is well qualified to discuss his topic. In the first Woi’ld War he held an ensign’s commissign in the Navy, and has already applied for reenlistment.
SWe Sponsors Convos
These weekly convocations are presented by the Student War Council with the assistance of AWS. The future speakers are Prof. C. B. Murphy whose topic is “Hemispheie Relations”; Prof. J. W. Robinson on “The Bill of Rights in War Times”;
Prof. R. Phillips who will talk about year the business staff will hold “Peace After the Wai”; and Prof, sales contests in which prizes of J. A. Estey who will give the last books and money will be given, lecture on “Post-War Economics.” Previous experience, though helpStudents and public are welcome. ful, is not necessary to work on the d.c.p. Debris, k.s.m.
Cecilia Wahl,WBAA Production Manager, Fills Man-Sized Job.
^ By Jean Lauer
Not even WBAA could remain immune from the war for Fred Conger, production manager, was caiight in the diaft a few weeks ago. He IS now in the navy’s deck officers’ ti dining course, and to take his place, WBAA has selected Cecilia Hendiicks Wahl. Coincidence played quite a part in this selection, for hei husband has also just been called to the seivice of the navy. Though it may seem to be one of life’s little iionies to most people, to Mrs. Wahl it is a storybook tale. With the navy claiming her new husband, the picture painted by the futuie looked mighty bleak and hazy until WBAA’s offei came.
Graduate Of lU
She was lecommended by hei former radio professor, Robeit E. Allen, of Indiana University, for she is a graduate of om sistei college and has lived in Bloomington
most of hei life.
Nor do hei connections with lU stop here. Hei mother is on its English faculty, her aunt is one of its mathematics professois, and her younger brother and sister aie
among its students.
Degree In Speech _ She obtained her bacheloi’s degree in speech and did graduate
work m radio there. During her senior and graduate year she was student director of programs on the campus station. Also during her student day she was affiliated with Kappa Kappa Gamma and Theta Alpha Phi, national dramatics honorary, and was active in AWS work. After graduation she spent a summer at New York University’s Radio Workshop, where the classes are taught by the top men of NBC and CBS, e.g., Deems Taylor and Paul Whiteman. The course in directing is taught by Earl McGill, director of Columbia’s Little Play-
house.
Tasks Of Production Manager All of this background enables hei capably to take over the tasks of WBAA’s production manager— tasks which include scheduling announcers and music, acting as hostess to studio visitors, and, in general, seeing that programs get on
the air.
An atti active red-head with a multiude of varied interests, including needlepoint work, she is a confessed movie “fiend.” She “likes anjf kind but westex'ns,” which is odd ill that she spent her early years Ut northwestein Wyoming. She says our students “are grand to work with,” and enjoys her new job immensely.
I S /ai h 0
.Ckm m
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, February S;
M WXufMtiontd Trends
'. ' iUi‘ i,?^.'/ ■» -'Vi ^'‘-' .l’•^ ''V'^^'‘^!' ■ •?.;/;' ■;((>■ en like '^he ii^ea.;Hej::e^arp tJiei t^Jjula.t^on^. for the three related questioiis asked m this sur-
Student Opinion ^rveys !;i AU^IN, Texas, Feb. 4.^While American 'stullepts are tiot ready to adopt the idea that cbllege education should train women to. be prirq^rily wives and mothers, neither do they V^Ut to,accept equality between the sexes. ' i^V^nt Opinion Surveys of America, the cpc^rative weekly poll sponsored by college jl|B^pa]pers, including the Exponent, finds j^eat jnajorities even of coeds them^^s^%Ueye; . ■: ^ "i.--'' 1. Women should pot try to combine marriage and motherhood with a career out-
side the home.
2. Tliefe would be more divorces if women were given more nearly equal social sta-
tus with men. ^ ,
WfieiVit comes to education, however, opinion is divided on such a plan as has made Stephens College of Missouri attract national attention: training women to be educated and capable wives and mothers rather than professionals. “It all depends on the particular woman,” about three out of every ten interviewed commented. The plurality, 38 per, cent, are opposed, while 28 per cent approve- Ipteresting is the fact that more men than wpm-
vey, showing the differences by sex: “Po you wish more collegeswvould adopt the idea of training girls, to be primarily .wives and mothers, or should women receive the same sort of education that naen get ?” ,
All MenWpm.
Train to be wives, mothers 28% 35% 21% Educate l&e men----- 38 82 42 Depends pn woman -30 29 31 Undecided ^ “Do you think it is generally a good or a bad idea for a woman to try to combine a ca-
%
Merry-Goi^RoUnd •xt '(Contmued .from page, 14 mad^ yaa pjjg.stroage^tj^ation in
' ' Sottt)».-:Ain«rica-’'
“That remark,” interrupted Argentina’s Foreign Minister Ruiz Ginazu, who had refused to break relations with th® Axis* ‘ihas' all' tW earmarks of a dig' at the Argentine
Foreign Minister.”
ahd' ohief of the, automotive division .of. the«'War,;productiort Board, has o^.taihdi some. interesting lowdown .op who’s Who in. the war production
,seiap4
A former struggling student who .
reen outside the home with marriage and mo- had been boosted rather swiftly up because Brazil,battled. ®v
therhood?” '• heutenantship m.jther.army ■ • All Men Worn. to a. f end oir cajmpow: ■ 10/7/ iAn/ ^arr/ We live hig-h here. Board cost $1 G.Opd id6a - 14/0 lU/o lo/o ^ day. Will send you a box of govBad idea - ---82 83 79 .erament eigars, one. of, these (days Undecided — & 7 5 when I get paid. We get them at “If there were more eqpahfy between the about half the regular price, it is senes, do you think there would be fewer or s.e. money at this enm,
more divorces?” All Men Worn.
Kanzler’s joh is to speed up the conversion of the auto industry to IttU Wa*f W«tii|ction. Conferring
With War Ptoddction Chief
aid Nelson, Kanzler complained of “meddling” by Ferdihand pber-
Replied Welles; “Yes, it certainly . stadt, civilian chairman of the was,{ Mr. Foreign Minister.” . Army-Navy Munitions Board- ,
• Argentina. Vs. iRfajfily., ..The Army^Nav^MwiibonAPdard, Listen While You,■ Thus, vividly, was illps.tratpd the ^composed of. mihtajy h»hats, 30 , _ most important thing thatHdevel- was a key ageimy^n tho^l^efense 40.66 News . - ^ oped behind the scenes at Rio de organization. Jealous of their bu- .f^ije^ated Clubs ^ , Janeiro-the determination of “.t, v !
it Teacher Association:,
,i. 9:5.5; 19:19 10:16
THURSDAY
News , , .-sL 'Tho Curio, Man.; WBAA Presents
United States to help those whq '^^ts now^are^endeavoring to con-
tinue as big shots- Thus. Bberstadt
and.Kanzler have crossed swords Rypdue Niews
several: times.;': -i
ery,i minute for Amerloain poljpy at Rio, another important result of the conference was that in the century-old see-saw between Brazil and Argentina, Brazil,.definitely took tha lead in Pan-Amer-ican power politics, f . j , , On the surface, Argentina, once
the recognized leader .of Latin- . ,, „ America, forced the Rio conference you’ll be in trouble with me. tq;“recommend” instead of ^‘decree- d .Note : Twoifisted young Vice pres
, 11:55 News. ;
This was >Nelspns significant ad- AgrmpKu^^nK^ujn; vice to Kanzler— . ^ 12:15 Meet, the l^bd '
‘•‘•Don’t worry about -Eberstadt. We can handle him. If you, make him mad it won’t matter. What you Want,to watclLis- not.tq get iWalter Reuther mad. If you make him mad, then we will be in hot water and
. , Much discussion, was being held
fjeW^^ - ----——^tS/o the campus over whether taxies ing” a-brea'k in Axis relations. But ^^e United Auto Workers, Pre :.....-.57 «5 57 would, be abolished for all dances, behind the scenes, Argentina suf- Reuther . is highly regarded as a Don’t. Know --I7 19 15 in a letter to the editor the cor- a defeat from which it Will industrial, expertJy Nelson
respondent argued that the walking, ]g[ot\so6n refioyer.
ROME-
-TOKYO-
BERLiN
Matedirv^ JhsL WedL
Niniiaa-
-OAXOi-
-3Woa
hours i|eUKi4 new names ending in -oae la baffle which won dvosidhfrom dhe.aWashthe common, folks, now with the two words “no sug- ^ent, would put the natmal b oom ar” the -oses have been ostracized. ' "pon our cheeks that beauty doctors
say IS a sign of good health.-
As Brnerspn: once said—“When we lose anything, —
we-.sain something.’- But to a,few people .we
know, (we. conld mention names
Viva Mexico!
and' tUndersecretary of Wav Robert Patterson. After former 0PM Di-
, , . I’ector General Knudsen had repeatCleverest sti^ategy o shove Ai- edly disregarded proposals by Reugentina into the^ background was pr^ciuetion
12:45 12:5f
1:09 1:1® 1:3.0 1:45. 1:55 2:00 2:15 2:-30 ,2:45 2-;55 3:00 3; 1:6
(((},,.:
Pai’«n|bs*4,Foruin §,0,uyenirs, ' Sedehce- Review Markets News A Story h Day:' ! The Apothecary Music.; Treasure Chest , News Music t Afternoon'‘M4lbdi4* ‘
3:30 Musical Rotmd-U'p“’;.'
evolved by Brazil’s Arahha when
industry, Patterson
'This rationing business threatens to get opt of hapd as more news (news-—if you want the news first nowdays you inight as well buy new editions of history books they’ve got more late stuff than most newspapers)—as we were saying, as m,ore .news C.omes from all these new boards—Henderson’s, Nelson’s, Wickard’s, and the Student War Council’s—we find we are to become the victims of more and, more rar tiopings. It won’t be long before the student with a car or with two spoonsful of sugar in ope cup of coffee or with an extra sheet of Forip B will be moi’e conspicuous than the one with clean saddle-shoes— or the coed ,without a pin. —a— ’ ' Henderson’s committee came out with the latest report of new limitations in a plan to issue stamps for sugar. This group (can’t remember the name of this board—it’s got three letters in it—and like all the rest is responsible to the big one-man cqipini(tee —FDR)—anyway, the report reads “Each individual in family will be allowed three-quarters of, pound of sugar per week!” With this one statement the government has ripped hundreds of pages from the Urganic chemists’ books—for years they hpve . sp.ent
i University Ukulele Orchestra, 30 Padilla , of Mexico the hero of the but our colleague pkeS; strong, was iprep.aripg for its» conference. '
^YhO ;W)•ites.. one of the; other .colupins has a priority second concert of the season in Atanha . knew the .traditional
on, ail black:eyes given to the staff by readers who Fowler .Hall., ‘‘The charm of the have (to . ACT,.as if they don’t wapt tfieir names in music’;’ was to be.“spiced with sev-
pi.i^t)_(..-ha,Ye a fodose when sugar beconres passe- .eral hits of the season.” G eqtials.aWTK—when translated into English means
—Glucose equals added weight over feet. “Liberty” measles were breaking
went over Knudsen’s head and appointed Reuther as his personal rep-
rivalry between Mexico and Argentina for the Spanish-speak-ing leadership of the Western Hemisphere. Located at .opposite ends of the continent, both consider themselves doininant among
Spanish-Americans,
; So Avanha,, foreign minister of chief pr’oposals.
...i; out on dozens of students daily, , Tfiis l^ck'.of a certain carbo-hydiate may lead to g^gi-ting an epidemic which was something. Without sugar we can’t, have syrvip. with- sending many across to the hos-
out syrup, wq can’t have cokes, without cokes we pi^^ls. can’t, have coke dates, without coke dates we can ___
either go nuts, or to classes, if the chems stop cut- ■ .
ting classes-then they may develop a substitute for Th® increasing tendencies of male ^ ^ ^ ^ glucose, so someday we ii;i,ay have cokes again and Students .to use s eaniio ei ac ics Brazilian newspap.ers did the coke'dates and class-cutting. Then again if we don’t ^ undeimg town e wa is . e ^est, until Padillo, with his demands
. tween classes, forcing coeds who Avi= h.c
resentative to make a survey oi several auto plants preparatory to converting them into armament pro-
duction, •
Kanxier Takes Hint . Kanzler lost no time in taking his boss’ hint. A few hours later he started action bn one of Reuther’s
a non-Spanish, Portuguese-speak-ing country, planted a. claque in the galleries which,, onj the first day, cheered Mexico’s Padilla to the
think of a reason to cut classes—we may get a sheep , . skin—-if they aren’t vital to something or other be- happened to get in e uay o ge
^sicles the sheep. oft the walks were staunchly de-
nounced in an editorial.
' . Unless soipething is done soon—our folks are go- ^ ing to drop dead when we write a letter home anfi Murad, turkish cigarette, made add the unusual post-scrip—“Never mind sending any especially for the discriminating dough—'We’ve still got last week’s and until we get and experienced smoker” was crashour I’ation cards again—we can use our own social ing through, to the delight of the security dividends.”—-r,t.e. . ad,staff, with a, profitable half page ’ ’ ■ advertisement almost daily.
in front of the Union to bring down not enough boarders., Zeta Tau Althe Betas as they come by. pha is the new sorority taking over
,,, according- to the sign.
French women, said Lt. Col. Edouard de Billy in the Military Column, have a deep desire to em-
Every time one of our coeds takes , Qne of the several nymphs of phasize their gratitude for the help _ , r--a pin, she leaves behind a stiing of jjarmony Haven, girls’ house club, •4mei'icans have given them well in advance—and
that all nations cut their Axis ties immediately, became the most fa
mous personage in Rio.
Then, at the last session of the conference, after all the set speeches were concluded, suddenly the galleries shouted. “We want Mexico.” And they kept it up until Foreign Minister Padilla went to the rostrum. There, he delivered the most eloquent speech of the entire conference, pointing his finger at the Argentine and Chilean delegates and calling upon them to break with the Axis. It was beautiful oratory—prob-
Kanzler sent telegrariis to all auto, truck and parts manufacturers ordering them to submit by February 5 a list of machine tools in their possession, plus information on what these tools are being .used for and the amount of war goods the plants are now
making.
Reuther long urged the compilation of such data as a preliminary step for pooling the machine tools of the auto industry for greater war output. He was vigorously opposed by C. E. Wilson, head of General Motors, who fought tool pooling with the backing of Knudsen. Kanz-. ler’s move is the first attempt to ascertain exactly the tool resources of the auto-makers. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
broken hearts but there is does not look dolefully at the moon offer the hospitalitj' of their Mexico was cheered to the echo. The ably but one other person on epm- j-j^ggg nights aird pine for a man homes to the American soldier on entire conference rose and applaud-
Quite
pus who has had his heart broken sands of Trijridad-at furloughs, more times than that that brokep- jggg^ gj^g supposed to be pin-
hardware has down Louisville Loehinvar, Carl
ing. Said nymph is Betty Study Who “We are now ready” wnred Presi-
ed. But Argentine Foreign Minister Ruiz Ginazu slumped in his seat, his hands clenched, not. clapping. Among the Spanish - speaking
changed hands lately, so here goes: Tafel. A few of those who havfe vveek was pinned by Ken Cole- dent Stone to the government offi- ^ Kappa Becky Pershing has taken shattered his dreams are: Phyllis from the Owen House. The cials who were contemplating the countries, Mexico had stolen the the Sigma Nu pin of Cal Sheehy; Yelton, Janet dEvaivs, Peg Davis, Q-wenites crashed through immedi- 'establishment of an aeronautical show from Argentina. And in hemi(Gil Dodson, also a Sigma Nu, now Jeanne Moses, Dqttie Sieb, Marge atejy with a serenade that was ground training school at the Uni- sphere politics, Portuguescrspeak-
1 ' i Al'l. _ 11^ WT o 11 «r o 11 AVtrl Ai* . Tfxin T^o ...... . i ■
has his pin on Alpha Chi Rosella Studey, Wally Callenderi Jean DafHirsch. Looks like the Sig Nu’s hng, Francis Kimmel and Kae Web-
haye started rolling again. Even er.
Bud Laramore has his pin back However, Dottie Ann Canfield has from off campus—so anything can returned her pin, but as soon as happen. Then there’s Maren Chess- Carl looks at her, she’ll probably UUtt of the Kappas who recently take another, accepted Mac McCallister’s Phi Just call him “Kiss of Death.” (Jam je,wqlry. Bill Meijierney of the ,,,
Phi Kappa Sigs lost no time in pin ping Kae Weber since, she’s been
really mellow.
Letters to Editor
Feb. 3, 1942
Purfiue Exponent
Dear Editor,
It occurred to me a. few weeks
Now we know where Hal “Sleep- ^^SY ^hat the sheltered student body here. The only ‘Bo.ches’ I have come ing Beauty” Knight gets allhis “en- the naWs war effort in contact with^so far though are
back, either. Sig Ep Bill Simpson ^ ^ by. starting a blood bank here on prisoners and I sure, see lots oi nin o„f the, campus. them. They wake me up every morn-
really takes off on Tchaichovsky’s Several thousand pints of blood maic ling y wr i eu un (that word ' took initiative—Ed would bo a fine contribution, and and hob nailed shoes.-Sure
Note) 5th Movement in B- Flat, would also prove to the world that
has hafi his pin out off campus since December. Ginny O’Bryan has returned the Sigma Chi pin of Dick DeGarmo^—seems like the Sigs are taking a beating lately on this pinreturning business. Well, that abopt U'inds this department up" for today. Lot of scrap iron involved in these dealings—^maybe they’ll put a
ban on pin-pushjng too.
This Friday night should prove vCT-y interesting. The Miami Triad is scheduled for that evening. The Betas, Sig Chi’s and the Phi Delts —quite a combination, Well, every-
The secret of hiq success on get- have, something- besides beer in
ting enough, sleep, says Herold, is oar veins.
that he never cuts class.
What do you think?
Eci Ritter ’
' ChE, G
Phi Sigma Kappa
We, mentioned the feot the, other day that the Alpha Chi’s sent us a knife. We forgot to mention that a rose accompanied said knife—also
a razor blade.—Paid Ad. • , - ^
. . . social fraternity, was entered
' byanunidentifiedbanditearlyyes-
Scoop; We hear the Kappas are torday. morning. The plunderer
one will have a good time as al- losing their house ... at least that’s made away .with over twenty-six ways—ih their oiyn corner of the what a sign pu their iawn says this fipllars in cash. Nothing else was ballroom. We hear the “Siggies” morning. The room rent at the Ho- disturbed, as one,.of the men who are assembling anti-aircraft guns tel must have been too high ... arose early fi-ightened him away.
ipjuJtdm. £xpomjnL All'American 1940-'41
Entered as second cla.ss matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Editor-in-CUef.. New* Editor Seortr ^itor. ..
..Ned A. Ochiltree Business Manager ..John L. Trauifott Managiiqr Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor...
Don S. Powers ..Leland W. Ruffner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial .Slalir: J. F. Amos. J. 11. Ariiistrong, D. T. Brophy, U, L. lludlt-y, F. 1. Jones, Ifi. G. Kieper. Sports Staff: O. T. Clark. J. D. Fraser, J. 8. Keeler. Cued Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatheld, Jane KamsdeJl.
Business Staff Coed Bpsincss Manager; Donna Siess; Office Manager: Lee IlosBung. . Loral Advcrtisiixg Managers: K, K. Ojeihre,;R. ■ B. Saxton ; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankcnberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
PheiiM: Editorial and Business, 40Q5; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave.. New Yack. N. Y. .
Staff For This Issue
Niehi Editor: Hoffman leave Editor; Amos
Day Editor : Cbatfield Spurts Editor; Fraser
Reporters: D. C. Pickering, D. W. Ochiltree, J. D. Smith, it. W. Bgswinkle, R. M, Schneider, K. S. Marlin. H. M. Ford, W. Guernsey, B. M. Parsons, S. Wolf, H. Eckstein.
vevsity.
“Red” Hake star pii the Boilermaker footbair team along- about 1916 wrote to the athletic director from the army in France; “Well professors, I might have. been a loafer in school and all, but I sure have been going at a merry clip
ing- Brazil had taken a long lead ov-
e„r its traditional rival. • Don't Peeye Reuther
WASHINGTON — :Ernest Kanzler, brother-in-law of Edsel Ford
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
have .some huskies. Football should thrive among those saucr kraut cat-
ers.” r.w.b.
OR, PAUL A. RISK i DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK —;PENTl?TS,. .. 400-404 Sckultx Bldg. 4fh and Main St. Lafaye*»e
IMPROVE YOUR OANOINC BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS TONIQHT 7:00 P. M. CLASS ABOUT EVENLY DIVIDED OF LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.- s#
A
J, ^ ^ ‘'' ‘ ‘ V , r!‘ (f '■ : .'V ^ ^ 'V- ' Vr'.
1 f
' i.
jfiit
■afesf’ liiilrAinurai News
^1
''4-Jr
f^jbvuery 5r 1942
P4ge $
l^mrs Make
.i,\...'ii...A... .^. >■<
i '. ^ .A
Soon I a -v^ ?, 3 1^". n » ,1 ' » / Swta-y mosnifig will fin^ ^oe Beim, stud^jpt; l)(}3fing coach, aT\d ^is sqhad o:l^ P^.i^tmqlfer t)oxers op the road toward Murray, Kentucky to tain® j^art in thqir second boxing exhibition of the season. The match js sot fov Monday night, bpt Murray i^ just 15 miles from the Tennessee border,^ which warrants the darly start. The boxing at Murray Teachers College is in the same qat^ory’^as football in the most of the ^“Big Ten schools. The mountain folk takejtbeir hoxipg ip a bag way, and iisuajly haye quite a crop of experienced pyjgilists on hand comes boxing season. Seeond Match Last Friday the ®oijler)(naker bojxers opened their season against the Spartans from Michigan State; they lost the matqh six to two. With the experience gleaned from this first ring experience, and the stage fright angle more under control, thj Riveters are ready and waiting for a chance to redeem themselves for the loss to the Spartans last weekend. Captain Gus Boughan and Don Elfin, the two Boilermakers who won bouts in the first match of the • year last Friday lead the list to piake the Kentucky trip. The other members of the team who will make Ihe |piJ;pey,i'^re;,Hi|i^inBpks; Edr diPi.jMtuamw.’la lBa,wniinn Igd; %;?man,,Ifn^tphy; Larry. Ele:|£anStftp IJoQ Savage; Eddie Ey<jen apdi, Bon MaeMillen.
Vic Siegel, transformed from a forward to, a guard, has been one of the mainstays of the Iowa defence aJl> season, and at the sapie time he has managed to score 64 points in conference competition on 23 field goals and 18 free throws.
\
IM Schedules basketball
^ JPINE BAR GRJLL rarties Our Speicaity 200 Columbia
Court
I
7:00
H 3 VS
H 1.
7:16
D 3 vs
D 1
8:00
H 4 vs
H 2
?:15
D 4 vs
D 2
Kepner
Court t
1 00
A 8 vb
A 1
7:16
E 3 vs
E 1
8 00
A 4 vs
A 2
8.16
E 4 vs Gates
E 2
Court
3
7:00
B 3 vs
B 1
7 :16
F 3 Vb
F 1
8.00
B 4 vs
B 2
8:15
E'' 4 VB F 2
Barnaid
Coui t
4
7.00
C 3 vs
C 1
7 15
S 3 Vb
S 1
8:00
C 4 vs
C 2
8:16
S 4 vs
S 2
fust Unpacked! A Brand New Collection of Crisp COnON FROCKS
In Your Favorite Chamfarays and Seersuckers Grand, Values at
If you treasure the sound Styling of semi-classic lines ... if you have an eagle eye for well-stitched seamsfnd expert finishing . . . then this is YOUR SALE! Colorfast prints in stripes, florals, plaids and checks. Sizes 14 to 46.
Thientl & Wan^erin
6ea-BB6 Main Street
Meet the Team presenting...
^ A Close One Fpr Biggie The car was going south on state highway 52 just out of Indianapolis. It was still mid-morning, and a thin film of ice was frozen over the cement surface. Hitting the ice on the overpass just north of the city limits of the Indiana capital, the car began to slide uncontrollably toward the protecting sides. It hurdled the protecting railing and went speeding down a steep 40-foot embankment at a reckless speed. By masterful driving the car was kept upright until it came to the bottom of the bafik when it rolled a couple of times and then came to rest. Out of the badly-wrecked 1942 Dodge car emerged the world-famous Purdue hardwood coach. Ward L. (Piggie) Lambert, and Mis. Lambert, with only one scratch, sustained by the latter, to show foi their harrowing experience. Nothing less than a miracle saved the veteran mentor and his
wife frorti serious injury. Close Shave For Piggie
It was a close shave, that Piggie had yesterday morning. If it hadn’t been for his cool management of the berserk car and an added stroke of luck, the students might not be able to have the “Piggie Lambert Night” to honor their coach for his 25 years of service at the Wisconsin jgame pn February 15. Take care of yourself, Piggie, we want to have you here for your 36th anniversary, your 40th, and so on up.
^ What^ A Basketball Gpme
There was quite an array of outfits on the intramural courts in the Fipldhouse yesterday afternoon. Qne member of the track team and four of the baseball team changed their spiked shoes for rubber-soled basketball shoes for a little extra exercise after their regular practice. Barry French, shot putter on the track team, in his track sweat suit, teamed with baseball unifoimed Walt Leiffieit, Ernie Ypung, Curly Gantz and Charlie Sciipps to take on all comers. It was an interesting looking five, but they didn’t do so badly. Barry had a one handed shot that would
make Johnny Kotz green with envy.
^ Flash—Coed Hours Reduced To Almost Nothing The story announcing the action of the AWS on the recommandation
Rudy Lawson By Bob DeMars
Coach Piggy Lambert will be de-
of the War Council to lower the coed hours was just hesitatingly brought pending a great deal next season hikH indmduaT Scored “ into the office as we were finishing this column. Conservation of energy, upon his present crop of sopho
&o tfiat fewer people will sleep through their Saturday classes, or some-
thing to, that effect. Makes everyone go to bed earlier.
\By taking action at this time, Purdue is close on the heels of Congress, where a bill has been introduced by Representative Earl Wilson, of Huion, Indiana, to have a ten o’clock curfew for all stenographers in Washington. Authorities last night would not confirm whether this ac-
Siprma Pi—Hintz
Delta Upsilon—Starck
more players to fill the shoes left High individual Series
Delta Upbilon—Starek
vacant by the graduating veterans Psi—Bradac
Delta Upbilon—Henderson
of this year’s squad, and one of the H'f’’ Team Game
Sigma Pi
most promising of his secopd year
men is Rudy Lawson, big six foot,
tion had been taken in cooperation with the Huion Representative’s two inch forwaid from Eiie, Penn-
movement or not.
^ New Late Evening Trade At Lamb's Last reports from the local stock exchange reported that stock in Lamb’s local dispensary jumped up 25 points after reports were out that fellows would have to take their dates in eaily enodgh to come back and help close the place.
Big Ten Sconng
Ohio
Graham, Noithv/ebtern
Handler, Michigan Swanson, Indian^
University Calendar —Today—
8:00 A.M.—Plant Instructors School 3:00 P.M.—Scieen Review 6:45 P.M.—Winter Course Society . 7:30 P.M.—Stitch and Sew—
Graduate Dames
7:30 P.M.—Christian Student Fellowship Room 307, Union 7:30 P.M.—Federated Chuiches Room 212, Union
Room 363, Union Hall of Music
Assembly Rm. Ag. Hall
Room 263, Union
sylvania. Versatile
Rudy, who wears the big number Player
ten on the back of his shirt, is Gecowetl'^'^”"^"'
equally adept at playing the center position as he is the forward post,
and is even capable of filling in at ^eud'lknfSwcstorn the back guaid spot if the occasion Philiip, Illinois
, , SproWl, Purdue
wan ants it. ■ chapman, Iowa TT M j? j j j, . • 1 Mattson. Minnesota Hailing ironi a state that is be- Ajax, Minnesota coming more basketball minded ev- xrlckey^'iowa”*** eiy yeai, Rudy leceived his high KuW. Iowa school expelience at Erie’s Acad- Denton. ^Tndiana emy High, and in his senior year MraikT’inmo'is”'^ at that school won a selection to the Cartmiii, Michigan
All-State quintet foi his play on a squad that went to he final game before being eliminated in the state
basketball tom nament.
Good Student
A sophomoie in the school of mechanical engineering, he is one of
Warmup Drills FoU idttlif Ghciiditii Pitchers, Catchers In iarly rfiiiiifel Sixteen candidates for battery positions on tfie BoilemislM*:^ team worked out in the Fieldhowae last night. These didtin we the supervision of Pop Doan and Bert Sanders in the absence «Kf Fchring who is busy with the freshman bashetbail squad. When returns to the helm at the conclusion of the cage season. Pop as^ tUM will take charge of the freshman nine. Bailey Helps ’‘1. Assisting in the conditioning of the candidates wgs Bob Bail^, Riveter mound ace. Bob is well qualified for such a job beeatme played professional baseball in addition to his services on Be^^« maker nine. This year Bob is not going to play any pro ball because is scheduled to go into the Navy as an ensign in May, like an horse that hears the bell, Bob just had to be on hand when the has^bgtt , call was issued. ^ The training is being C0|s4^w^
with the old axim, “A pitcher
better than his legs,” in in|p4. AiR the candidates had to do a pouj^of lap^ around the track before 1^4$*
ever got a chance to throw n Then followed a brief hurting
with the purpose of loosening ^ some of the shoulder muscles tha* are stiff from the long winter layoff. Next came a few calisthenks, and to complete the wogrkout anoth-
er tmn around the track.
Easy Workout
At this early stage in the campaign, none of the men are doi^ any more than just lobbing the haB over the platter. A hard -ttutoW might mean an enforced layoff of at least a couple of weeks.^ It would be impossible, therefore, to prophesy mound strength qn theb^k of emdy season form- There are several men that have demonstrated enough ability at throwing the pie to make one believe that there will be adequate hurling strength on deck when the campaign gets
started.
When the winter sports program draws to a close, there wiB, he two more battery candidates for places on the squadL Doi% $1^% ken will be on hand for his tpr^-UB the mound, and some of that long range hitting that features his plhjr. Roger Claseman will drop his wrestling for a try at the catching asr signment.’’ , Among those participating in the workouts are: Bob Bakef^ Walt Lqif heit, Irv Claseman, Frank Freijhen-, Ed Misselhom, Paul Petrtch, Bud Scripps, Tony Berto, pitchers; Walt ^mith, Ernie Young, Joe Inman, Woqdy Walton, catcher. eJ.k,
'/< S' ‘
'A\'
Fraternity Bowling
Feb. 6, 1942
6.30
Pi Kappp Alpha vs Phi Sigma Kappa
Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Tau Epsilon Phi
Phi Kappa vs Alpha Chi Rho
8.45
Phi Kappa Sigma vs Phi Delta Theta Phi Kappa Tau vs Alpha Gamma Rho
Theta Chi vs Theta Xi Standings for 13th Week
“A” Bracket Won Los Alpha Tau Omega 35 Beta Theta Pi 28 1 Phi Sigma Kappa 26 1 Pi Kappa Alph^ 25 1 Phi Delta Theta 23 1 Phi Kappa Sigma 22 1 Theta Xi j 19 1 Pi Kappa Phi 15 2 Sigma Pi 16 2 Lambda Chi Alpha 14 2 Theta Chi 13 2 Beta Sigma Psi 13 2 Phi Kappa fau 8 2 Alpha Gamma Rho 2 3
“B” Bracket
Delta Tau Delta Delta tjpsilon
Sigma Nu.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Kappa Delta Rho Tau Kappa Epsilon
Acacia
Alpha Sigma Phi Phi Kappa Alpha Chi Rho Fhi Gamma Delta Tau Epsilon Phi Phi Kappa Psi Timngle
Won Lost 30 9 27 12 26 13 24 16
Tau Kappa Epsilon High Team Series
Delta Upsilon Delta Tau Delta
267 246 635 689 589 969 952
2613 2603
G
FG
FT
TP
7
47
20
114
9
34
26
94
6
28
27
83
9
31
19
81
8
36
8
80
9
24
28
76
6
29
17
75
6
29
17
75
6
33
7
73
7
27
19
73
9
2.1
18
72
9
33
5
71
9
26
18
70
7
29
11
69
7
129
6
61
7
23
18
64
8
27
9
63
8
24
12
60
6
23
12
58
9
22
10
54
EDGERTQN HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
DOLLAR DAY SPECIALS! Spociol Group Shirts Fancies Only $1.00 Short Yellow Purdue Slickers $2.95 values $1.00 $1.00 Neckwear, 2 for $1.00 J Wool Gloves and Laskin Lamb Mittens 2 pairs $1.00
Intramural
News
By Clint Sowards
This afternoon in the PiclAouaei promptly at three forty-five, tbie intra-fraternity rifle match startk with a bang. The match is scheduled to continue till a team of shootgm
_______________________ fi-oix) each frat house on the
has fired six targets; then the teqm
management job following gradua- -with the highest accumulative score tion in August, 1943. naturally wins the match, and.the Careers Shortened - hoqse they represent receives a Incidentally, the University’s new trophy signifying the win. sti eamlined twelve month educa- All week the sharpshooters from
those few individuals who combines means that Lawson, Men- the fraternities have been bangigg a iiatuial athletic ability with high ^wantz, Friend, and the other away down in the basement tsfee scholaiship, a quality he demon- sophomore players have been de- Fieldhouse, trying tp put gg edge stiated in winning the treshman back on the eye that has become scholarship awaid of his fiaterni- Ps^'^ion because of their gradua- a bit tarnished sinee sumgier and ty. Phi Kappa Psi, last year with August,, shortly before the qualify for thqir boq§e teaxgL an accumulative index of aiound basketball season begins. men make up each a^- ea^ 4 0 Duiing a brief visit to his home man on the team fires twenty foson^ A caieer in athletics holds little around Christmas time he at two targets toward aB,iUnd, attraction for Rudy, for he consid- occasion to put out his fra- two hundred points, making the
ternity pin, and now it seems that highest possible team scqre oi a|±
his only regret is that Erie is still hundi’ed.
ever so many miles from Lafayette. Gotta Be Good To Win Buddies In former years the coijqBqUtiQp Rudy and A1 Menke, the Boiler- in these matches hUK been tfigt of d maker’s sophomoie center, became very high calibre. With a poasih^ good friends while playing together perfect score of six hundred poigto, on last yeai’s freshman squad un- it will take a score up in the neighder Dutch Fehi ing, and on the Riy- boihood of 570 to make a bid eter’s out-of-town games this sea- trophy; unless the type of shooting
son you can always find these two
in each othei’s company.
eis an engineeimg degree far more valuable, and in choosing an option in the M.E school he will do so with an eye towards an industrial
I Dr. A. M. Irion e I — DENTIST — I S 119 ’/i Northwestern Aye. S I Phone 4965 | ifltillllillllillllllfllllilllllllllllillfllllllillllllllllllllllli^
RECIPE for > BEAUTY ★
A trip to is yours — cure.
Loeb’s Beauty Salon — and BEAUTY -a shampoo—-finger-wave — or mani-
The Triad Is This Week-End • Make it your resolve to look your very best. • Make an appointment today. It’s as simple as that. PHDlVfE 7301 lOEB’S BEAUTY SAIBN
has dropped considerably since the contest last yeai\ ^ All of the shooting in the match this year, as in fofmen is tp be done fiom the prone posittoq. Ten shots are fired at each bnllseye within a period of ten miimto^ the targets are totaled^ thq score posted till the last shut is .fired; then the highest sepre pops the eqgtest. The following teapsa grq/^ehed-
uled to shoot tomorrow
between three forty-five aqd thirty: Acacm.‘ Alpiffli, iChi.'idl^,
Alpha Gumma Rhq, Alpha.
Lambda, Alpha ^gma Pld, Alpha
Tau Omega- > 11; • ' % 'Fable Tennis Tpurney Ta
The all campus tables tmgtis torpnament that has been hanging figp for the last month is ^heduled $|» come ta a head peKt Saturday with the play-off of the semi-finals agd final in tlm table tennis room of the ITieldhouse. In the upper brack^,
Harrison and Holtzman plgy
1 ight to meet Greideiv whb WAljr in the semi-finals. In the lawgr bracket. File and Hajoriek fqr the right to enter the finalK against the winner in the top locket. ^
RIFLg MATdagS
Th« fviilowiiyf tsam# wih TKms- . ACACiA® WHV
ALPHA CHI RHO
ALPHA GAMMA Rim
aiShX katoaiIa^da
ALPHA SIGMA PHI ALPUV T\U OMEGA■<Wr
f
/I ri !
Purdue, Exponent
RS
fw
^ 1
I
tU,
f
Thur^ay, Fet^M S0^
■inttyal
|||yiMll4U
pomol)ile Priorities Forte Drivers (o Travel Slower For Longer Car Life
\ Bj Don Glaspie
Itations, pnoiities and cuitail tnents all have i exulted fiom the Second Woild Wav, but the haidest hit industry vs the automobile in dustrj' Automobiles weie immedi
cooled as fist theiefoi^ the weai on the cvlindei walls will be aieatei than tint at lowei specdb Anothei thing tint causes an excessive con
Cooperatives Elect Pj-^ SuttOII Df. RiCC Joseph Mogavero t ajj c - i nJxa To Address Speaal
Teachers' Institute
Sttiior CoAdAi Pot tntorMatloa rcsardlhs All SiOdAnll*
the civil iSofvIce cXamlnAtleh tot tiolltions UnlviirtHar FreAhirtctliAik AS juhler technoloKiets eall At the Place* Peb 6, at 7tfl0 P ' went Service for Whmen Phohe number aftd rcfrcshmch|ta
of the aniinal husbatldby de- 2956 —PMIth
Mltlslblhm»Pii# kb
—BNDEES
Over 1 000 teacheis fiom Coun
Joseph Mogaveio, ME ’43, from the Owen House was elected piesi dent of the Student Coopeiative
sumption of fuel is the fast piek up Association foi the coming yeai at ^f Indiana will speed applied at almost eveiy stieet legulai meeting of the SCA + 4.u tt f +a <3 f
atcly put on a latioii plan and new coinei This is also haid on the cai boaid Tuesday night He will re ^athei at the Umvevsity t is &a - tire production has been lestiicted Reduce Wear On Tires place Laiiy Meyeis who has been utday for a special teachers’ insti When automobile pioduction a\as Since tiics uc hvid to get it is piesident of the association fov the tute undev the auspices of the Di
paitment, will appeal on the pro- stU<lA«»‘ MaKcUp cxnms in Bigram of the Michigan State Col- oloffy i will be hcla Feb at
lege Parmeis Week today. The farnieis week is similar to our annual agricultuial confeience
Camera Club Will the followinit pkabs
meet in the Studchi Cuion oiffee thttradjan Icb 6 at 7 80 pin. Brand, Oaiviei,^Hael^
ard Hyde Jones Ljsaius, Passaw, Towel and Trueblood ~-HOFPEB AWS Houscbiothor’s mectihe: 'jfhuradd'y,
Feb 5 in the East Faculty Lbunge of the
Union at 7,30 pm J-BUE}sTE Battery Dl Basketball on Cbutt 1 ThdrS* day Feb 6 at 7 15 —LEBEK
Notices
curtailed, many people weie foicod neccssaij to take caie of them to diiye then old cais foi a few Keep them piopeih inflated The more years oi tiade foi used ones highei the speed the fastei the Consequently the^ ■will haVe to take tiies will weai out If the wheels aie bettei care of then cais to make kept in piopei alignment and them last foi the dination Manj bi ought to ^ stop slowly the ex people do not know how to take caie cessivo wc av w ill b\ i educed on the
of their cais to leceivc the utmost piecious tnes
efficiency fiom them More Speed More Gas Fust of all the diivei must he able to handle his cai skillfullj and cfflcicntlj Almost all of the cais on the road toda^ would obtain bettei gas and oil mileasre if the^ wcie diiven at foitv miles an houi This Avould mean a saving of fuel foi the Army’s use in this wai Not only would the diivei be sav mg fuel foi defense hut he would be saving the weai and teai on the many woiking paits m his cai When the speed is doubled the mo toi turns ovei twice as fist as oiu inally, the heat cieattd in the cjlindeis is gieatei and cannot be
Alieady theie his been a lation ing on the use of automobiles The luial mailmen have been lationed on the use of then cais which they can list only foi caiiying mail on then loutcs These people will not be the only ones who aie lationed on the use of then automobiles you too may expeiience this iationin„ business with youi cai Save bor Arniv Nav> If evciyone i educed the speed at w hich he opeiatcd his eai maiT\ gal Ions of gasoline and oil could be saved foi the use of the Aimy and Navy This is one of the many ways to seiv'e the countiy in the national emeigency
last two yeais Othei officeis elected weie Bob Giuenwald, vice piesident Glide Pines, Ilene Espenl^ub secietaiy, Antigonish and John Tiottei, tieasurei Salisbuiy The new pies ident appointed the follow mg offi ceis following the elections Kei Tiuax social chairman Ciicle Pines Beth Ludbeig, educational chaiiman Shoemakei, and Chaileg Artonaccio office chaiiman, Dovei 1 w b
vision of Education and Applied
Psychology
Reamer Club Tickets are available in my office Get them between i and 6 p m
—RUFFNER
M E Make up Exams Exaipination for
New Freshman Students You may obtain Freshman Handbooks from 4 to 6 p m any day at the Activities Bbreau Office —McKlRNAN Pursue Gymnasties Club Special meetine Friday tob 6 at 4 10 p m in room 104 of the Ficldhouse All members arc requested to be present —'POZER WAA Fencing Callout Tuesday, Feb 3 at 4 p m Pruefice bn Prlday Feb 6 at
A n T]
—EMHOFF
ME 30 Make-Up ekama t Ea^inattona to remove C and I grauea in HE 80 #111 Jd given Saturday March 14 at f p m. in ram 101 of the ME building PlbSW nOtIft if interested —jSEIQEB | Chinese Students Monthly biceiing M
^ to.
C E 41 (Hydraulics) An examination to _ remove C and I grades will be held in room Refreshments will be served
125 Heavtlon Hall on Saturday afternoon
M W Lute St Friday Eeb 6 at^8|
Honfllinino thp stipakoi s will be removal of C grades in mechanism ME 11 Feb 14 Permission to take the examination lleaaUning tne speaiccis win oe given Saturday Fob 7 at l_pm must be obtained Jrom the unders^gimdjte
Dl Willis A Sutton, supei intend
ent of schools at Atlanta, Ga, who will speak on “The Faith of a Teach ei ’ and Di M S/ Rice pastoi of the Metiopolitan TVI E Chuich in Detroit, who will have as his topic “Take Caie of That Boy’’ Di F B Knight head of the division.
in room 301 Mechanical Engineering Buildjog —A HALL Code Instruction (Male Students) Revised code instruction class rolls are posted on the main bulletin board of the Armory If the first classes were missed the attend-
ance can still be made up
—LT BURKHART
Math Make up Exams Examinations to remove grade C in M-ith will be given on Saturday Fob 7 at 1 p m in Recitation
fore Wednesday Feb /ll
Newman Club Offiqers Meeting Thurs day Feb 6 in room 30o of the Union
—RUNNION
Ag Ed Society Meeting on Thursday Feb 6 at 7 30 p m in room 232 of Union Prof Cromer will show films —STULTS Freshman Engineers Meet for Engineer ing Lectures Saturday Feb 7 at 8
Classified Ads
Typewritera—Adding MacbincAi *11 tnakA
, . - sold rented, repaired, And purabUAd Mltoe^ in Eliza Fowler Hall Seating assignments ograph work done C J Ebrnboff, flOB M*iP<
u.s. To Help locrease War
Jan 31 —w L AYRES
All EE Seniors A fifteen minute pe History Economics and Government riod must be scheduled for sometime Tucs
Make ups Examination for removal of con day Feb 10 to meet with representatives ditions and incortipletes in History Econ < t the ncrsonnel department Details will omios and Government will be held Satur be given friday Feb 6 Make your ap
day Feb 14 at 1 p m in Room 113 of the pointments befpye noon Monday, Fob 9
Lost Large tourquoisc and silver IndiAn ring in Union Saturday night Cull Ruth
Frier 76161
Lost Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity pto Finder please call 8002 Reward EdWln X).
Kai pick
souini^AYD
For Rent Single room for boys NeW
-ESTEY Presbyterian Students Mid winter party house 608 Allen St corner of Stadium adq at the University Cbm eh Friday Feb 6 Northwestern Inquire after 6 pm 7B9Mi Exponent b reshmen See notice posted at 7 SO p m There will be informal rccre
1 bulletin boaid as soon as possible ation and rotieshmcnts and the only re Lost Gold 'WaUham Watch tWo weeks
—RUFFNER quireraent is your presence —FINLEY ago Call Simpson 3301 foy reward,
V
Capt. Kline Outlines Plan For Protection Of Industrial Plants Police tactics and patiol piob lems weie emphasized befoie lep resentatives of 75 state industiial plants attending the Industrial Pio tection Schol at the Univeisitj jes
teiday
Capt K E Kline in chaiga of industiial division of the Univei sitv’s Safetj Institute stated that the primal j puipose of the entiic piogiam was to provide foi the pio tection of lives and piopeitj in in dustiial plants and to insure unm teiiupted pioduction of lequiied wai mateiials The piogiam plans to cooidmate the public and nidus trial police to increase the effective
ness of both
Secret Sessions
All sessions ot the school ue closely guaided and those ittend
ing aie caiefully checked befoie ad 4“H Training Conference
mission Methods of handlin„ bombs and explosives the keeping of le poifs and lepoit wilting plant
ogiaphy and Indiana laws will bi- y j bit J picsented befoie the gioup todiy Nex! nonciay Aocl iuesclay
The speakeis will be Captain Kline W I Spitlei Lafayette piesident of the Indiana Association of In dustiial Piopeitj Diiectois end Sgt N C Buinwoith of the le,,al depaitment of the Indiana State
Police d c p
C/eo W. Blackburn Will Speak Sunday Night At 8 In Union Univeisity Religious Council in ol seivance of the annual Intel Racial Sunday is sponsoim,, a talk by Cleo W Blackburn Sunday night at 8 in the facult^ lounge of the
Union
Blackburn leeeiced the Indianap oh Junioi Chambei of Commeice distinguished seivice awaid in 1940 foi his woil at Flannel House a negio soei il ecntci in Indianapolis He foimeily tau,„ht sociolopy at Knoxville College and Fiske Univei
sitj
Observed Nationally
I itei natioi al Racial Sunday un lei the sponsoiship of the Fedei ated Council ot Chinches is oh eived all o\ei the United States foi the puipose oi impiovin,^ intei
J ici il undei st Hiding b 5,
living J Reutei BS ’07 has been appointed as associate of Ernest C Kanzlei chief of the executive di vision of the wai pioduction boaid it was announced yesteiday His specific task will be to assist in getting the automotive industiy on a total wai pioduction basis Reutei a native of Indianapolis went to work with the Remy Elec tiic company upon his giaduation tiom the Univeisity m 1907 Sue cebsively he was assistant engineei factoiy managei and general man agei He became geneial managei of the Olds Motoi woikb in 1925 in 1930 fie was piesident of the Oak land Motoi company and fiom 1931 until his letnement in 1933 he was geneial managei of the Buick Mo
toi company
Timbei on the Univeisity of Cal ifoinia s expeiimcntal f 0 1 e s 11 y tiact IS inci easing at a late of 100 QOO board feet a yeai
Scheduled To Meet Here
Dr. Young Will Speak At Wisconsin Session Dl E C Young of the faim management depaitment will speal this afteinoon befoie the annual meeting of Wisconsin s agiieultuial Oiganizdtions at the University of Wisconsin Paim and Hoipe Week on “Agiicultuie Aftei the Wai Tonight Young will addiess the Taylor Hibbaid Club W isconsm ag iicultuial economics club on So tial and Economic PiobleiiTi of Re habilitating Pun Down I aims 1 d s
GOOD PRINTING at PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Less Money Kane's Print Shop 401 S 29th St Phono 5:
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
S‘i( Il s ( I loo \ oiiiip 01 loo old lo lo\ ( 1 ((( iviii,. I \ ill llUlK pi ( ( llllp w Ik the I ({ u 11 n 11 \ old 1 isliJoiK d 01 sin iitlv modem l)iis ih oik d tv m iIk ve ti when bentinKiit is we I corned Jiv cveivont So t lioo'-e voiii \ ah ntine i ii]\ and IciPurtK lioni <nii widt t It < lio 1 Decker’s Inc.
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
•.,,,11 riinconl- tVio nrifnino jddi at Builtlinff Permits to take this examination are posted pear the mam entrance to Ml Lafayette Phone 2779. Will piesent the Opening aam ess at Kuuaine chael Golden Shops —KNAPP _ ^ ^ ^
the morning session on “One Teach ' ' ‘
er to Anothei ’
Choral Groups To Perform
,, , J 1 I ,, TT.,, omios and Government will be held Satur be given triUay Feb 6 Make yoi Music Will be plOVlded by Uni- at 1 pm m Room 113 of the pointments befpte noon Monday, Fob
veisitv choral organizations under Recitation Building Applieation should bo
the diiection of Albeit P Stewait Pi of 0 F Hall will pieside at the morning session and W A Schanlaub Newton County school supei intendent will pieside at the lunch
eon
Counties to be lepiesented m elude Tippecanoe Benton Newton Boone, Can oil, Cass, Clinton, Foun tain Jaspei, Montgomeiy, and Waiien 1 m s R. H. Grabow Explains Purchases Of Lands In Southern Indiana Rudolph H Giabow Foiest Su peivisoi of Hoosier Puichase Units explained to the membeis of the Foiestiy Club how the national gov eminent is pin chasing land m southern Indiana to be turned into national foiests He went on to tell how this pill chasing and lefoiesta tion of laige aieas in southern In diana will aftect the economic status of that legion The legulai meet ing of the Foiestiy Club was held in the Hoi tieultiii e building last evening yds
Streamlined Cleaning Service Your clothes cleaned by Crown go through careful proceedure of a “streamlined clean-
ing plant”.
Recently we rebuilt our Dry Cleaning Department, completely new equipment.
Top o| the Hill
Your College Daily Gives You-
3.93 to 1
Next Monday and Tuesday a ti unin-, eonfoience foi adult lead CIS of the 4 11 clubs will meet,^eie leadeis liom th,_ noith and the eenli il disti lets oi Indiana will at tend the confeience which is to be sponsoied bv the Indiana Rotaiy club and conducted by the Univei sit-) 4 H staff The meetm,;, foi the south distiiet wil' be held at Bed
foul
\dult I caders To \ttend Moi e than one bundled adult leadeis aie expected to attend the sessions to discuss then leadeiship piOf,iim duties ind pioblems Al leit P Stewait and F L Me Pejnolds state 4 H assistant will be in eliaigc of the music and lecie atio 1 F C Bud state 1 H ehaii min w ill pieside ovei the hist day s essioi w hile 1 uesday s session will 1 e 1 ndei the dll < c'-ion of H F Ains woith “ ate 1 II club leadei 1 s m
Decemhei 9
on Full War-Time Schedule - Januat y 6 —
loard Clarifies Student Rating — Januat y 10 —
Washington Merry-Go-Round Scouting the Shops
r I ■ s
Boilermakers Down Ohio State Netters
Januat y 11 \
Rotating the Axis The Sports Gestapo University Calendar
— Januat y 22 — REAPPOINT MAL — Januat y 23 —
,etc.
University Notices
IS
It is a
ex-
THE TRUE EXPRESSION of STUDENT would enjoy reading, it expresses your act status as a student in a University at War.
Subscriptions are S2.25 (Mail) at the West Desk ot the Union or in the Ex-
ponent Office after 4:00 p. m.
1 r It