I' ; .
• Uannibert 1
Drills Team Ih S
llOOtiOq:':::
• 'Merry “G
Syt0;:(^me'*Aipip d * Kotjnd'' ^ot«
roadbes jfS/'CdnV, •
4 ■
• F^rfesidfent
fI wn j qpantjbc, iji -Has kidn-''For
LoailOts
■' '
To ContributeEdit
, Page 2
No. 86
West Lafayette, Ihdiana
Thursday,
St^te Ag Conference
SW^tER DANCE
^ '0ean Reed To Preside M Fir^ Session people from all sections pt the state will assemble on ;tlie< pkmj()us next 'Mohda the annual State Agricultural tlpni^brbpee which will b^ held ftoih Jahuaty 12 to 16. A fiveprogram made up: of banquets, conVeritiPns, society ihfeetIhg^ aiid conferences has been arrang^ed,, arid designed to iritferestf all members of the farm fairiiiy. i: ileanTi. Ileed will preside at the opening session at 1:3p jSlonriay, when Dr. E. C. Elliott will give the address of ivelcorile. Epllowing this, Dr. T. k. Cowdeh of the farm man- ‘ ’ agement departmentVilldiscuss in* flationi;and pt. E. C. Yotittg of the farm management department Will lead a panel discussion on imminent farm problems. / '<
THREE PlVISldlVS
Sessions for this farm and hoine 'vyeek are divided into three main divisions*—Home Economics, Rural Youth and Agricultural. Each division has a separate program, but the week’s schedule is to he coordinated by general sessions. dealing with subjects of interest to
all three groups.
One of the outstanding features of entertainment will be the “Cam-
- .;EolloWing the Ohio State basketball game Satmday night, dancing will bejgin, sponsored by the varsity lettermen in the Union ballrooms, when the annual Blanket Hop gets under way at 9 p. m. Sponsored by the {'..Men’s club, the dance will rai$e funds to purchase blankets for this, year’s ctop of graduating major {ettermen. ! I#’pRMAL DRESS IN ORPER Mielcey isley and '’his orchestta will riKoVide the rhythm, for the dancefs at the sweater dance. Dress wiii be ’ strictly informal. Isley, known* bn the, campus by those who
Summer h Coming ,(An Editorial)
Women Coed Classes In Pistol Firin^f Welding Proposed By Ijeads
V Kight Stand Hiere ■ ;',:#ojfiows::' Four- Month ■ ■ '^^.Stay, At-Blackhawk
■ By Bud Eberts
vEes Brown and his band, direct ffom, a sensational four - month
stand at Blackhawlc restaurant Varieties” presented iii Powler hi;.Chicago, will play for the regular pj^jj Monday night by the WBAA fnturday nijfht mixer on January ^his program will ipclude ^.-^ou^ Brown’s is the most instrumentalists, comediekpertsiye band of the year, the ^ns and a wide selection of campus ^ree ,o£ admission will remain at On Tuesday evening, the th^ standard niixer price-$1.10.' finals of the Annual Rural Amuse- • Brown, who has had more than Contest will be held, in the ¥ bard luck, began stmly- Music Hall. All tickets for this broJbR ,tbe aax at the age of 8 when gr^ni are reserved and the price is
he;, gave UP thg piano and started p^gp^y ^gjjpg tp, pjay Ilia dad's curved sopraho yoitth PARTiriPATF sax. He studied and practiced ,music YOUTH PARTICIPATO
fbf thb next twelve years while in Homy Economics choruses made
hi|h moPl. the Conservatory of
Miisic ^{thacarN. Y. and the New ^^l on Wed-^Pl-E blilitary Academy. ne^ay ovenmg. John Steohm, asfi^bMES BLUE DEVIL sistant editor of the Prairie Parmer, the: lull of 1932 Les entered ^ill^esent an illustrated keture on Pul^:tfniVersity where a football ^«th Anieri^ corn production at literiamed Mck Lancy was lead- Wednes^y afternoon’s session m jng'.'a;campus band, which was at a a .b - st^b^btiii UnUl Des started alrang- T in^ fdfPit and.playing the sax. By gani^tatiany m every county of the M4 tanfejr kd moved.mut and the welcomed tythe cambaiid %s Brown’s. After naming P««9” ^day by Harry Ainsworth,
the orchestra the “Blue Devils,” ^
they inadj some records for Decca Reed^will talk^ to the young vrhich Were actual flops. people on “Live at Home and En- . Prom then on things looked bad It.” Cyrus Dyer of the Indiana
All sub-zero^d$^ees duly marked up this currently berserk in order to furnish'^information to students Asking weather shorild be, credited in every student s (from juniors j regarding the present war effort. Associated W'oidci^ on down) niemory to the V^eatherman s account. For if there students with the cooperation of Deans Fisher and Stratt^rii* are chilli nby'^, there is going to be sweat in more ways than heads of the departments, and University executives one this Suirittier. , , . a suryey of all the courses the University has to offer arid-pii^ The happy, almost idylUs, Sumirier Session of the past is poggg to offer, listing those which offer training to boik iri^ to be replaced by a three and a half months grind, a grind in ^nd women students that would be useful to the courittey viff the sultty days of 100 degcee temperatures. But these are the ^jjg pygggj^^ gjjjgj.ggjjgy. ’ ' ■ d9,ys and y(|ars to ;^ind, and if sweat pfodtices men qualified Colonel Beere suggests that to “give the girls somietk^iE to Serve theiri AoUiitry, it is good sweat and good effort. The uggful to do” that the Military department offer pistol fiirfBg
University is joinifi® technical institutions in speeding up the education of competent technicians, desperately needed
to meet the challenge of America’s monstrous needs. There is no reason that any engineering student should be
drafted while at the University. But every student must serve in some way. If it is not to be in the army, it must he on the production line, and the University is rightly considered part of that production line, insofar as it trains men who shall soon
help to keep the mighty flood of material rolling. It is, then, the obligation of every student to attend the
Summer Session if he is able to do so. From the point of view of the harassed and harassing instructors who must-plan now
Ceres Essay Contest Entries Must Arrive Before Monday Noon Honorary Will Award Trophies To Winners
practice to those studeiitri^b would like to know how to die a gun effectively. Urbupa ‘2® at a time could take the night and 'a small deposit for ammlriikjki
would be charged.
It is also suggested that itary Department offer radib radio code instruction to teach dents to operate code.. Beerp kfs there are opportunities for Wottb* to be of service in this type bf W&lw.
fbr the boys, and it was not until this last year that Les Brown became known. Since that time he has rated write-ups in all music publicatibhs and has played over NBC airlahes. VOCALIST GETS AROUND {lalph Yopng, 186-pound singer with the BrbWtt organization, gaVe up a jbb, as mail clerk and began singing with Teddy Powell several years agp. From Powell’s band Ralph went to Tommy Reynolds and then tb his present position as vocalist for Les and his 16-plece dance band. •
(Continued on page 4) Marriage
Course
All applications for second semester marriage course must be made to H. E. Wilkeiffng at the Fieldhousc Gymnasium, by Saturday, Jan. 10, 1942. Give name, address, telephone number, member of faculty who can recommend you, and reason for wanting to take the course. Course is open to seniors only.
Martha Nash, sweet singer for Mickey Isley's band, does equally, well with swing songs, too. The band will play for the Blanket Hep Saturday night. beard. him play at a mixer here last year, hails from northern In'digiia. Playing frequently in the Chicago ai'ea, he has had successful eiigugClhents at Chicago’s Edgewater Beach Hotel, Stevens Hotel, Medina Athletic Club, Shoreland Hotel apd other ballroms. VERSATILE VOCALISTS Featured vocalists with the band are Martha Nash, equally efficient k both sweet and swing, and Red Johnson. The two sang ’with the band for three years bn a WINDCBS netWbrk from Madura’s Danceland in Chicago. Tickets are on sale .at the west desk in the Union and are being sold by all P-Men for $1.10. Dancing, for three hours, will begin immediately after the basketball game. Programs will be miniature Pblankcts. Five hundred couples danced to the music of Dick Cisne at last year’s Blanket Hop, when the dance followed the Indiana basketball game. James S. Stanley ... former University student of Norfolk, Virginia, now with the contract division of the Office of Production Management in Washington, is spending sevei’al days in Lafayette on business.
Also taught would be a motitt jil-
,, j? .1. c j. i Ai. j. X Annual Ceres essay contest will pafi. coiirse, not to ti’am mpclmfiJra, the program for the Sumiqer, it is important, too, that stu- close Monday noon, it was an- but to teach girls “first dents make up their minds whether they are or are not going nounced by Prof. F. E. Robbins of cars. However, due to hrmy to attend the Summer Session. It is probable that a school- the Agronomy Department who is tions army personnel would wide canvass of students on this question will be made in the ™ charge of the contest. Students hibited from giving any . instbfii'-
. interested in competing for the near future. and silver medals to, be
- trophies —,
in order to help everyone, including himself, the student awarded still have time to submit
should have a definite answer \vheri the question is asked.
J.L.T. -■
\ . ■■ . -
A smiling boy was sailing home from the bursting battlefields. He was the first U. S. soldier wounded in France and a former University student. He lost both legs, when a bomb from a German airplane hit the station where he was on guard. Nevertheless the boy was happy that he had done his pai*t in the war.'
Sweet Shop Lab Expose Students Tell All
By Art Hunter -
In the guise of inquiring reporter we wandered up to the Sweet Shop yesterday afternoon, bent upon the ’ niissiori of discovering the general student attitude concerning that mpeh talked and gi-oaned about sub-
ject pf NO FINALS. ' FIRST VICTIM STUNNED
Just: Inside the door we ran into Bob Muilett, chewing the ice remaias'Pf his coke, and immediately jiftpped the question as to his reactiohs.on lihe subject of the day. We quote: “I ain’t got any. I’m numb; IW stuhned. But then it’s not going to worry me; I’m only taking six hours. Getting out of that PE 12
final is what saved my hide.”
Recovering from this dissertation we ambled on around the bar—sorry, aroui'id the fountain.—and came upon Hank Wilkens and Chuck Leffert. Hank thought the change was a good idea but added that it would be tough on some of the fellows trying to X’aise their gi-ades at the last momentj. Chuck aired his views thpsly! “It was announced too late, and I’m afraid my index is going to
take a beating.” YES AND NO
' Leaving these fellows to their own thoughts we dropped over to a nearby thblc where wo quizzed Gordy Hoffman. He said: “My reactions were mixc<j, for if this no final business had taken effect in half my courseB—the right half—everything would have been dandy. I think it’ll
Bayonet drill was being held from 4 to 5 p. in. on Tuesdays and Thursdays at Coulter Hall.
The Purdue Ambulance corps which had been training in Allentown, Pennsylvania, was^ about to sail for France.
be a good idea in years to come when students know about it before-
hand.”
Across the table oiu* first coed interviewee, Harriet Forgey, in answer to the form question i’eplicd, “I like it. Don’t have a chance to lower my ‘A’s’. However, I’ll niiss those spring vacations.” GRADES—NO BRIDGE Treading aniong the tables we reached ope Art Coburn, who answered our query with, “Why don’t we do this more often?” and stated that his index would be generally higher owing to the lack of finals. Mary Jane Snider, who happened to be sitting at the same table, said that she couldn’t describe her reactions to the subject, but upon further questioning she divulged the following: “I’d heard about the coeds staying out till twelve and playing bridge all night during final weeks—just think what I’m going
to miss.”
Our next victim, Marjorie Coffin, was situated in one of the booths and answered us in one-word orotorical splendor. She thought the change was “wonderful.” Leon Thorpe of the same booth replied, “Frankly, I was glad because I had nothing to lose like a lot of poor unfortunate people.” (We still don’t know exactly what he meant by that remark.) ,Vern Hupp, also of the same booth, replied in brief man-
ner as follows: “I never did like finals.” (Self explanatory state-
ment.)
FATAL MISTAKE
Back to the tables again we carried the question to Hal Schoimstein who answered, “I was completely overwhelmed. First, I thought about the Army, then I thought about the Nayy, and finally said to inyself ‘Aw heii, I’ll go back to school!’ ” We turned to Jean Yahres, in the adjoining chair, who had the following tOy offer: “What a nasty kind of a joke to play on the girls.” Dick Renn was relaxing at the same table and answered our now smoothly delivered query b^, saying, “When I first picked up tpe post card from the University I thought about the time when I was a freshman down at Indiana and the headlines on April Fool’s Day announced that there would be no finals for the coming semester. My next thought concerned the back work that had to be
made up in a hurry.”
So with the words of these thirteen Sweet Shop frequenters and the strains of “This Love is Mine” ' still ringing in our ears we left the Shop and called it a day. We wish to make clear at this time that the statements, views and opinions expressed herein are those of the persons concerned and do not necessarily represent those of the inquiring reporter or anybody else.
Commitfee Sets Next Monday As Deadline For War-Bundle Drive Next Monday is the new deadline set by the Relief Fund Coordinating Committee for the all-campus drive for clothes, books, and magazines. Everything must be turned into the committee in room 211 of the Union before 6 o’clock on the evening of the new deadline date. Under the direction of Prof. F. C. Hockema, this committee launched its fall drive for used articles' on December 12. From this drive clothing will be sent to civilians in wartorn areas, books will be sent to army camps, and magazines will either be distributed as books or sold to buy blankets and other necessary articles. * The committee is appealing to every Univei’sity student or faculty member to contribute any of these articles which they do not need. Wool clothing is especially needed. Contributions should be sent to the central depositoi’y in the Union, or members of the committee, if contacted, will arrange to call for
the articles.
In addition to Prof. Hockema, Prof. Mary L. Matthews, dean of the School of Home Economics, and Prof. L. M. Sears, of the history department, represent, the faculty
tions. Instructors wdulff have 6<s students who qualified to tea^
their entries. ^ BRAINS, BRAWN N?®DEn Dickinson Seed Company will ° “A reasonable awinnnt of braic^ present a “Pine Tree” trophy and and brawn” according tq a silver medal to the winner and a Lindley of the GE Departmett^^,'^ medal to the runner-up in the up- the only prerequisite needed
President W. E- Stone ordered all University buildings to be closed
after half past five each day in order on the committee. Student members to save coal. include Dick Dibos, Damon Elder, Florence Croll, Agnes McCulloch, . , Gloria Fox, Barbara Ann Adkins,
The registrar s office showed that
1,100 men formerly attending the Mayfield, Lee University were in the National Ruffner, and Bill Farber. r.t.e.
Military Service.
perclassman division which is open to all sophomore, junior and senior students. Freshmen will compete in a separate contest for the Ceres
essay cup and two medals.
FRESHMAN ESSAYS, TOO Essays written by upperclassmen should be from 1,000 to 1,600 words in length, while freshmen need only to write a composition from 600 to
1,000 words in length.
Judges of the contest are Prof. Robbins, Prof. A. T, Wiancko, and Prof. J. P. Seaton and entries must be turned into Prof. Robbins before
the Monday deadline, d.e.b.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: president, A1 Croxall; vice president, Bob Harden; secretary, Dick Custis; cori’espondent. Bob Strauss; warden. Chuck Hatteiy; herald, Bob Wilson; pledge trainer. Torn Gi*eenwood; chaplain, Gary Klouman;
athletic manager. Bob Foss; social speech; Speech 141, speech chairman, John Galloway; social tion placing emphasis on the prot?^ committee, Glenn Stpekmier and lems of speech rehabilitation fot rihJoe Rose; house committee, Bob fects pi’oduced as a result Foss and Tom Greenwood. time disasters; and Speech i22t , ' ':, voice science useful in telephone lipidr
radio work.
For women who “wish to ineg^a)^ their strength and endurance** ii;|^ Women’s Physical Education Dli* .partment offers PEW 67, pityhfic^ fitness CQui^se, for junior and shllt ior women. ‘pew 74'and;P^'||are first aid courses qualifymg men students to receive thq R^ Cross First Aid Certificate and (Continued on page 4)
students (including iepeda) 'VroO
want instruction in gas and trical welding. A non crdiRt
held from 7 to 10 on Taesd^& |[ri!l Thursdays is now being. pff^d. ';.x Alan H. Monroe, heaii p^^f]^ Speech Department say&^ thkt.. although the work of his de^KCufllipfili is not connected with putting'; bombs or preparing to shoot :de)^ enemy aircraft, it is impprtpfit'j^ that it is intimately associate^^tii^ the skills needed in maintenahch^ra civilian morale. Speech 56^ :ihdip program production, would be:;: » helpful course of this l^e. The S hour credit course includes bpi^ A study of the methods aiid reqdri^ ments of radio program prhpAiAii tion and actual practice in arindtliM* ing over WBAA. Monroe StA^W that more women will be heeded fps this type of work as men are diAwh
into the anned services.
SPEECH COURSE
Listed also by the Speech, department as important courses ai^ - Speech 140, forms of occasiPnpl
Convo Postponed Tomorrow night’s convocation, originally announced as a presentation of Alfred Lunt and Lynne Fontaine in “There Shall Be No Night,” has definitely been cancelled, it was announced yesterday. No program will be
substituted.
Cary Club Will Hold Noyelfy Ball Friday Cary Club will dance to the. music of Irv Given and his orchestra in both ballrooms of the Union tomor-
^ row night in their second dance of In the staff flag both the editor- the current semester. Dancing will in-chief’s and the business manag- begin at 9 o’clock and continue till er’s names were run with “With The 12.
An editorial warned that the Central Powers were far from being exhausted and that in comparison with the strength of the allies were stronger than when the war started.
Colors” written after them.
The “Do Your All” campaign was being substituted for the less expressing phrase “Do Your Bit”.
“Purdue expects every man to do his duty,” said President Stone in an address in Fowler Hall. «
At 10 o’clock a reception will be held in the West Faculty Lounge where refreshments will be served to the members of the Cary Club and their dates. The affair is strictly closed to anyone other than mem-
bers. • ■
GOLD DIGGERS IN REVERSE “Novelty Dance” has been chosen to be the name and the theme for this three hour social session. Things promise to be in reverse of what they were the night of Gold Diggers’ Ball, with the 1,100 boys
Union Music Room Comnutt^ Conducts Survey; To Form Clt^ By Stan Wolf ' — ‘ - For one week before the Christ- tion on its own authority, mas vacation, the Music Room of the classical ^ Committee of the Student Union the Music Room, producing held a survey of students making programs, sponsoring tRp use of the Music Room, in order to Sunday afternoon progew^' find out the practicability of organ- the authority izing a music appreciation club on Room Committee and the campus. The survey proved {li^eting music appreciaUps highly successful, receiving a great deal of enthusiasm on the part of VALUABLE SUGGESTIONS!
the students involved. PRESENTED QUESTIONNAIRE Presented in the form of a questionnaire, the survey obtained stu-
Presenting the queStiohn»ie« |d students who entered the
Room between the hours of R ai* ^ and 9 p. m., the committee obtaig^
dent opinions on the suggestions of opinions from a good cress-sdetit^ the Committee for organization of of the classical music loveca M'lw a club. Seventy-nine per cent of campus. Not only did the the students filling out the question- viewed people recommend tht^^ ih naire wex-e in favor of the new club, mation of the club, hPt they ' Feeling the need for an organ- valuable suggestions for itp
A former University student driving an ambulance in France wrote: “I shall not describe the sometimes
groaning, sometimes silent loads we furnishing their dates with comic ization of music enthusiasts, the ization and for the carry. Suffice it to say that our serv- and senseless corsages. Suits and Union Committee suggested that a the Music Room. TAp ApW ‘ ice sees the most sickening of the street-dresses will be the style as club, mex*ely sponsored by the Stu- be organized holocaust’s terinble products.’’r.w.b. this dance will be informal, r.t.e. dent Union, be organized to fxmc- ginning of the newPurdue Exponent
9WM
Thursday^ January S,
Guest Editorial
C:- i:‘^'^ ■.-v^ ■. ,-.v--; ■“"ijtcting under ««tihority e^f tftu,r0c^tly,,re- j,ef the .abilities of avery ihan, the volunteer V^ed selective service act, theIRreaideht has plan will sooftbeabw^doned. V.^r '\k'.-Kh ;;
i^ebruary 16 for the registration of all men bn or after February 17, 1897 and on or j|||4te;;December 31, 1921. This includes the
approximately 9,000,000 men.
.|t|fe^ybs tihe remainder of the 18-64 group for Ihl^r registration. Thos^ who registered in iMi) and 1941, are, of course, not required to raster again. .rt ■ phe registration is represented as prelinv iMry to further dhrafts of men for the anned sb^ices. Whether it means that volunteer enliStmettts will sbon be stopped has not been di^losed, but if the selective service principle is to be carried out as intended, with the govjeriiiftent Judging the best use that can be made
The new draft forms will call for: mdfeh information about the training aw'd eJSperlence of registrants. This is the first step in what may become a draft of defense labor. When the draft extension act was passed, much was said about conscription of the country’s man power. A good many mernbeis of congififess declared that the.CojUntry must'prepare itself to correct the itiijuMie© involved in rei%Ui#fng, some men to join the armed forces and allowing others'whuse ability is useful in:defense industries tq. Work or lo'hf), as -the mood; iifdScates^ JUd:ging by the program! laid owt th« President, this authority may be invoked, before long,—INDIANAPOLIS NEWS
gy Drew Peatson aind Robert S. Allen
-Tdkro-
-BERtlN
Niu»a
-OAXOX-
-3WOS
ii'We See that Roosevelt is working out a plan-to make a few figures become a reality. He is worrying about 56 billion doHars, scinre' 185;000 airpidnes, and
hoB^ dut; fo'r a year oy so. For a^- it jierfell'^d-itb'' require every farni^t ,^ pai’entlyi" the ground-minded . geti- fje|''ap a!ndthe’i\ 66O;0U0' Wa%t station' afidfi' tPciseholder to look arotind^^e-'v' erate; of the War Departfirent did in the United States,: in return for hind hih barn or in his basfeinbfit j lidt do'very much about protecting sending its equipment to Ideldnd. to see what he; can spare for ..War, 'Corregidcir from the air. It can hdld htotd: T-Ire ldOV6ob Watt rh'dip sta- industries. • ■ . . ’ : out for some' time,, but sooner 'or tioWwhich tK'e Dolfovan GeUniMittpe Gtiud 'Bye, Lead. ; . later wc face the prospect of see- is tyariSfcri'ing'fro-rit ScheireCtddy,. You can check off lead as . the ; ing the Stars and Stripes hauJed N. T., to San Francisco for pfqpa- strategic material to. be pUt down from the main islands of the ganda broadcasts to Japan is' for under interdict for ciyiUan, u.Se. Philippines. slfort wave broadcasts only. ‘ OPM’s banning order .will toe':iisr,Capital Chaff Scrap Iron Went To Japan sued shortly. That will' medh the I Secretary of War Sfinisoii'. has It may be that those who let mil- end of lead foil artd nnmnfdU& ofhpr been shaking/up some of -Ms'gen- lions of tons of scrap iron; go to items of normal everyday use. .On6 erals,'and has put General Raymond Japan are not 'too anxious td'acW pPfesible exception may be; Idad,'for . Lee tempdfarily in chdrgfe of Mli- vertise Otti^ present dearth of scrap', automobile batteries, but e'V^'-that 'taty intelMgewcC. Lee Was ftoihner the I'eal fact is that it is to se- will be Under severe restrictions. U. S. military attache in'Lbndoh and nous as to ejiu.se the shutdown of Rea&'oh'for the ban is inadpctuhcy ad A-1 officer. “Arniy people Hope nine blast furnaces in Youngstown, of deiUettie supply to meet the fin-' he stays in charge U'f the iiitelh^ehce Ohio, alone. ' creasing need for bullets. War pro-’ service ... To make more office ' To nieet the savortagfe thcOPW duction ta-bles call for a lead conspace in Wa^Mngtom the' Farm, fiad been' conducting ah expefi’- suhiptibh d^60'id6OHdris mc)n.^hly by
mental campaign to collect scrap Unne; 100,000 tons monthly by next iron id Eifie, Pa., and is launching January. For militai-y reaspns, figotHer- cadlpaigms, in Boston, Titts- urcs on U. S. supply ca.n not be dis-
bufgh; Bi'idgepdrt, add AkVbh. Howevel, the campaign is going very slowly. Chief trpnble is that pnllApfiniiQ . nrp mnap thrnii'O'h the Therefore, it looks as if! the Amer-
C’l-edit AdminSsiratibli 1$ ' being moved to Chicago . . . Ex-Ambassa-dor Joe DaVleS has Written: a’ book ■ bn M'S experiences in Russia Which should be must reading fbr eVery nipnfber of Congress. It is a idagnificent job . . . Ex-Ambasskdor
Prom now bn all nioniing newspapers will be allowed: to forecast the. weather only up till noon that day. The idea is that the enemy might read the paper, see that the w'eather is good, and then fly-across the Aflfetttie or Pacific to oot shores. Of course heM have fo’read the reports-^then plan for just the opposite type of weather—like we do I
Wc are not to know when it is goingvto ra'hi, unless fhe'precipitation, is going to be over .09 inches; but What we really want to know is—how many drops is firai!
Frbpflises Huge
Iceland Station; Scrap Iron Shortage Acute . m A'(SCr.TXTi-'/tl'/l'XT T.,,, 7 l\/rori,>
dex. So that makes only one difference between us and the wake'of Winston Churchill,, and anting a dock on ms expei-ienees at,
■FDR—heffi get his wish! .one.of the most significant was made ^ iedn public might have to ' take
to fi-iends in regard to future allied Dank—and he usually is the book ^ strategy against Japan. to be a best sMto . .. Mfty Coa.^^^y,, Ohib, shows that every far^ Asked what the United States and imr cent of our mtamiff A rs bemg has an average of about 600 B-ritain' could do to. cheek Japan, pounds of usable scrap, iron and Churchill replied; the shortage of fish livers and oils rubber rusting or rotting behind his “The Japanese have been eat- trom Norway and Japan, is causing barn. .On this basis, the 0PM esti-
ing all over the table. They have big appetites and for the time Being there rttay be nothing much we can' do' about it. But sooner !dF later' we shall turn’ over the
table.”
.. This'strategy of turning over the
With the new system of three semesters a year, things may become'compliCatedi SincC'the SeniOtS are the class of 42-'^W'hat does that'make the juniors ? if We call them .the. class-of 48 and give them their sheep'-skins this yea-r—when the class of 1.962 enter as freshmen in 1948 it will be also their turn! to grad-
uate. .
cl'osedi, but it is below what Is needed even with, production increases' now under way plus imports frbm Canada, Mexico and other foreign
stricteot tor tbe duration;
(Copyright, 1942, by United Fea-
ture Syndicate, Inc.)
Rhi Lambda UpsUpn
vitamins
. As our daily' policy of contidbutlng something to :the war strategy—we have “thunk-up’^ a way for the Russians to move a little faster. We figure if they all carry big, signs saying “Gur Prison Camps Arc Steam Heated”—:the Germans might be tempted.
a shortage U. S. A. ' .
WLWIcelan#
The largest Standard-wave'broad-casfjrig' apparatus'in’the U'. ’S. A.— owned by ’WLW Cmcinfi'ati-^may be set up iir TCelaiKl to'. droWn'blit Hit-
' : Weather censorship isn’t going to bother us for some time, but if iUs still' going on next fall, how are weeing to know -What Saturday it is going to rain —so we can schedule the Indfana-Purdue game!
'.Not only W'eather but everything is going to be cehsofed.' We quote—censorship affects every American "Who writes letters', reads newspapers, sends cables or telegrams, or tunes in on his radio. We Ye sUB safe, as wc get all our news—from our barber! ' With" censorship tight around our mouths and J. Edgnf HobVer's breath hot on the back of our necks as we write this column, don’t be surprised some day to see this waste of space signed—inmate 4079 Sing Siifgl ^
table, in other words directing a move at the main islands of Japan
Speaking of the'weather situation—it is Sl' feelOw themseives, is something which has
in Russia'and 132 above in Singapore. No'wonder the weather forecasters have been gagged—if the axis ever found out that the weather in California Is ideal —they might try something drastic. We have also heard that California Chamber of Commerce has
'khvays' been in 'the books
War Plans experts.
However, the Amei'ican public may have to reconcile itself to more discouraging news from the south
stopped sending their ^‘Conie' To Sttritt-jt' California pacific before Allied strength For the Winter” pamphlets to Jap and German tour- reaches a point Where the table can
be turned.
■ It may not be long before the entire nation goes on daylight saving time'. If We turn ouf clocks up' as far as the English have—we will be getting up at 5 a.m. and classes will end' about 2 p.Pi. A-f that rate we will have to stay up till 2 a.m to burn that Vital malerial—Midnight Oil.—r.t.e.
Me Mafia-
^ O
Personnel Notes
■ On
Scholarships, fellowships,, and as-
, sistantships in Giyil Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineeringr
WBAA
General MacArthur’s- .‘Situation .in the Philippines has been compared with .that of Aguinaldo, the Filipino guerilla leader, who kept American forces at bay for two years after the SpanishAmerican war; It has been hoped that MacArthur, like Aguinaldo, could fight in the Phillppinfe jungles for a'n equal period.
ler’s i'akping broadcasts to the Ger-ma-ii'^e'ople;' . ’ 'F’W’iHahy yeats WEW'operated 'a’ '600(000' Watt 'statio'ii' iff Ciheinhatiy b'Ut Was' fol'c’ed'by ih'b Federal GbmmUnieatlons Commission to redu'ce IW’ 60,000 'Watts,'’ Which is' the maximutti for ordinary com'meiYiai' stations ' iit' the U. S. A. Therefore, WLW has now offered its big 500,000 watt set to the GovCrnnient to be established in Icelarid. Since; Hitler’s stations are nowhere as strong as 500,000 'i^atts, WLW’s beams from Iceland could drown out his voice every time he M'ent on- the air. Furthermore, WLW Iceland would not operate on short \vave, which the German people arc not
mates that it should be possible to collect 1,600,000 tons of scrap from
American farmer's,
Not many people' realize the importance which scrap plays in the iron^ and' steel industry. Ordinarily, steel is mad'e fifty per cent from' ore ahd’ flft.r' per. cent from scrap iron. But today ord'inary supplies of scrap iron' are diminished, not oni'y by previous sales to .fapan but by the fact that war industries supply no scrap. Many tanks, gilns, and military motory trucks are shipped off to Egypt, iVIalaya of Russia. They never come back. Ordinarily, ind'ustry supplies its own scrap iron from junked automo‘ biles, etc. But' now there will be, fewer automobiles to junk. So the scrap iron problem is one
. . . national chemistry honorary, amiQunCei5 the initiation of the folidwing pledges lit'the ifiitiation'hknquet held last night in the Honie Economics Cafetei^ia: M. I. 'Tfearcf, L. U. B’echtol', D. M. Befgehs'tal,,:E. R. Boedeckcr, C. B. Breedlove, W. S. Breoni, R. E. Burns,, W. A. Campbell, T. H'. Curryi S. G. D'avis, F. T. Fitch, D. A. Fi’ost, S. Golden, G. B. Horn, R. E. Kitson, G. H. Lovett, D. W. Meier, H. W. Mi'iirphy, H. D.' Myers,. T'. B; Novey, W. L. Sibbitt, R. F. Stettner, J. W. Whitney, P. A. Wiseman.
However, Aguinaldo never hael to permitted to hear. It would oper
cope with the airplane, and MacArthur does. Airplanes can scai'ch
ate beam
standard broadcasting ;ind would come in over the
every inch of Philippine jungle; and ordinary German radio.
Chemistry, Pliysics, Mathematics, and Mccha'nics at the Illinois Institute of Technology, which is a con-
Thb Alpha Chi Rho’s threw pins solidation of Armour Institute and
Lewis Institute.
Two-hundred eighty graduate ap-
afid rings around like so much con ■ffetti.during, the-' holidays. Seems
likc' half, fheir house strengthened poihtments at the Iowa State' Col-
9:55 News ; lOrlb Curio Man 10:.1.5 WBAA Presents 10:30 Listen While You Work 11:00 Federated Clubs 11:16 Music ‘ ■
in addition, MacArthur’.s munitions will not hold out forever. The situation, of Corregidoi-, island fortress- at the mouth of Manila Harbor, Is better, hut even so 'it'fe not half a-s good as- the'Ar-my’s original expectation that it eould
ing a button in the. .station in Icelajid, the wave-length could be changed to cut in on any i German program. There is one catch in the proposal, however.'WLW Cincinnati wants to make a deal with the Government
donnectioBS ■with the fairer sex. Pfeky Hank BoUwinkle started it
lege'of Agriculture'and Mechanical 11:30 Parent Teacher Association Arts,' including both' engineering 1T'60 Purdue News.' ■
offi..by pinning Rutk Emery as flic and agricultural positions.
viacattion «t a r t c d. Then, Bruce Adams - and ' Warren- Jackson, put 'tkeir. hardware on Illinois gals.
AppeMtinents in the Coilege- of Engineering, University of Missouri,- consisting, of Graduate' As-
Fraat . M«sCaughey.,. Johnny Welis sfetants in Chemical, Civil, Elccand Boyd Ernst also put their pins trleal, and Mechanical Engincerin;
®U;t off campuSrTo complete the list, Bob Runtz gave Kay Hymes a ring
Ten post-doctorate Fellowships for research in physics,, chemical
and' Sig Peterson‘.parted wvith his physics, physical metallurgy,- and
jewelry to Isabelle McCauley WEH. Congratulation.s to all.
of
-^Jeamue Bair and Frank Freiherr decided to elinch their romance, for good and-the I’esult is that Jeannic now - has a diamond ring to off-set
applied mechanics made available by the Westinghousc Electric and Manufacturing Compauy. Information, regarding these announcements may be secured at the
Personnel Office.
Fr^^k’s; Theta Chi pin that she has the West Point ring she has on the
keen wearing for some time. Congratulations and good luck, folks.
poor guy. Did that stop' proceedin.gs ? That’s what we’d like to know.
'■- On-the other-side of the ledger, Beta Verhi HosseHirtan- and- Kappa ■Mary Frances Robinson! called, it q^tss-i^with the result that there is one les-s Beta pin over at the
hdtpiv
Jane Ostrander returned Eli Yeager’s- Ph-l Tam pin and accessories and is now wearing the Sig Ep. ])in of John Petty. This cul■mir<ates a long “friendshiir” and answers a lot of questions that have
.-if^efC’sr an-; interesting, little talc been on some people’s minds. ocGUftied duidng Vacation: " ^ins that Pi Phi Janie Robin-son The biggest blot on the Canadian Avdk having a rai-e oP time with one escutcheon—Bill “Shoulders” Hepformer bby friends one eve- burn—hot having seen his pin girl,
since he’s been back, waiting for her to- call.”
12 :00 Agricultural Forum 12:15 Meet the Band 12:46 (Flexible for Special Events) 1:00 Souvenirs 1:30 ScioncG Review 1:46 Markets 2:00 A Story a Day 2:15 The, Apothecary 2:30 Music 2:46 Treasure Chest 3:00 Music 3:10 B’uilding for. Defense 3:15 Afternoon Melodies 3:30 Musical Rouiid-up 4:00 Tea' Time Tunes 4:16 Hoard in the Hallway 4:30 Music 4:46 Little Miss Muffett 5:00 Jusif Relax 5:30 Vespers 5:45 Curio Mail 5:50'News, 6:00' Dinner Musie' 6:.% Sports Review 6':46 The Magic Carpet 7:00 “Principles of Sdeiology” with Pi’of. T. K. Noss 7:50 Music 8:00 Story of the OpCfa 8:30 Eventide Eehoes 8 :45 Sacred Music 9:00 Maury Mahn’s Band 9:30' Music 9:50 News 10:00 OFF THE AIR-
IS A WOMAN^S HEARt BIG ENOUGH TO HAVE r FOUR LOVES?
AII'American T940-'4I
' Etfjtered as second class matter it fh4 i#bst office iff Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Coiigre.ss of JforCb % 4879, and at the .special rate of pwitage proviaed for iff section 1163, aCt of O'Ctober 3, fW7,'affirtwrizdd'Jaffhary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year -and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail sub/^ipUons, $4.00.
N»y»,EiJMor.
N»d. A, Gchiitre®
..John' fl.
;..PhU Jolmson
■Business Wanaffcr.. Mdaagirig; Edifor Coed Edifor..,.
U-; ;Publication Staff b'lbmrial Staff: .1. K. Amo-s. ,1. Ji. Armslroiig, U- T. Bropliy, rq L. fiadlo', J'. J. join-i. K. G. Ki PIT. « Sports S'taff: O. t. Clarli, J. V). VraM'r. J. S. 1Ch;1.,t. Coi$d'8(ag: Slac K. Boynlon, Allot' ehatfioUl, Jano Ramadoll. « . Aasoolate Editors
Business Staff toed Bu.'flnesa Manager: Ponna Sioss: Office Manager; gee Bos.song. Loral Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjcmre, K. E. Saxton ; Girruiation Manager: W. T. Hell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Joan Frankcnbcrry, Frances Lloyd, Julia' Mn.rtin.
HuHttfi EdRbriat' ewd Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 « EdRotiaf After 10 P. M., 5377
'IflUdM.BMtor:; CIsrir/
istnlv Ettitari imniiMt
Editor: Boynton NIglit Sports Editor; KraSetif *
♦ i .
•un-Tdnn6
f,
wimmers mKimm
For First Me^t
I'hhftleeH atiii-tdMn6d s^ittimers> ' ' ’ ’ '' *■’ ’’ tl-fesh from tlie wai'm climafo of ariivod’ at D’oit'Ldtidevdale serdi'al If‘lorida> aldrag with a host of other daya earlier than the other parRi^htel* aqilatihs, bCR’an intensive fidpating teanls iif the thterliatidhal drills fhis week for the season’s j^qnatic ffoitim, getting in some
nr^t meet with Michigan State here extra workouts.
WORK ON SPRINTS
As the fall practice and Florida workouts consisted of distance
d^tiai'y 31. WEST WINS
Coach Dick Papenguth returned
tritft, hitf 13 varsity men from Port . . „ , , -n D’attderdalfe, Plorid'a, where in two Coach Papenguth will 'tveeks of stea# workouts and coin- remaining period
petition they shaped up for the com-
ing tough swimming season. Papen- i®r ^dth coached fihe West swimming Michigan States team to a 62-30 victory over the although two-time wmEasttoCVsin the annual East-West meets between the ^Vrim'n^ng meet at the resort, the Boilermakers and the Spartans, lost
Bbtt^rmaker squad showing up well
ip the competition.
Vethon Hansel’placed third in the 480 meter free-style race, Fred Herr cop’licd fifth? in the 50 meter free
Thursday, Janii^ry 1942
1—^
IM Schedulei^
SQUASH Thursday. January 8 Courts 1, 1 7:00 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Sigma Alpha
Kpsilun
7 ‘45 Alpha SjgmU Phi vs Phi Sll?mtt Kappa Delta Upsilon
will be out to avenge that defeat. Coach McCaffrey, State’s new tank mentor, is a former Wolverine, and IS expected to shape the Spur-
Style, and Dick Kratjer was a mem- ^ swimming squad
ber of the West’s “A” team in the year. . SOO' meter free-ibtyle relays, which MORE MEETS
^tqolfc liohors. Following the Michigan State HARD WORK meet on the 31st, the Boilermakers “All of the boys turned m good will play host to Indiana’s tankers p^iffoxmia'h'cesi”' said mentor Papen- on February 7, and oppose the Uni^^th. “EVeryohe swam at least foui veisity of Michigan’s National and to five miles a day and became Western Conference champs in the plenty toughened for our coming local Fieldhouse pool, February 14, season.” for the third straight home sWim- < THp, ’lEold .apdi »BJac|£ swirnmcrsr ming meat. d.e.b. - , , i
uxi..? .-. —-1—1—i‘1—14
IIASKETBALL Thursday, January 8 Court 1 7 00 Phi Kappa vs Alpha Sigma Phi 7:15 Waul <) vs Ward 26 8 00 Theta Xi vs Alpha Gamma Rho 8.15 Caiy Hall 16 vs Cary Hall 13
Gates
Comt 2 7 00 Ward 26 vs Ward 35 7:15 Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa Phi 8‘00 Wand 30 vs Ward 27 8 15 Sigma Pi \s Lambda Chi Alpha Zehrmg Coilit 3' 7-do Ward 10 vs Ward 34 7 16 Ward 2 vs Ward 21 8.00 Ward 22 vs Ward 20 8:15 AVaid 3 vs Ward 23 Bariianl Couit 4 7 00 Caiy Hall 3 vs Caiy Hall 7 7.16 Caiy Hall 14 vs Cary Hall 5 8 ‘00 Caiy Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 8 > Rafferty
» f J i i QEISLER'S K die
Saturday, Jait. 10* Laist Day ... !
SPECIAL GROUP
SUITS
Values to $35.00
19
95
Regular Alterations FREE
Many Other Suits and Topcoats Also 'Reduced!
SALE SPECIALS
SHIRTS and PIJRIAS
$2.00 ^ $ I 69 $1.65 Values 1 Values
$|29
^WAalAfC Speci.ll Group v.ilius to $5.00. INo«
$2.39
Spel'ial Group nai> Values fo SS.OO
$2.49
Lounge Robes
25% o„.
Wool Gloves
69c
$1.00 Ties
69(
$1.50 Ties
,,99c
Moleskin Panfs “ "1
$4.^9
Corduroy Pants —
$U9
TERMS CASH
p-r fA
GLOTHES SHOP INC.
Riveters Nish Nensf For Ohio State InvasrdiM
* *ii
Shooting, fundamentals and more shooting occupied tiie intention of the high-riding Riveter netmen last night a» Ck)t£ie|t Lambert continued to groom his title contenders for theft dff important contest with Ohio State Saturday. The BoHermalders will be seeking their eighth straight collegiate win against the strong Buckeye squad. At the beginning of practice yesterday, Lambert spent considerable time in correcting the mistakes made in the Rfvetei«’ lopsided defeat of Michigan Monday. I I II Pressure defense—the powerful weapon which has been tho doWnnan Gy C ppGlSOn fall of many Riveter opponents fn the past—was stressed to a gxeiat length again last night. Johnny Conrad and ^ecil Polk, two little fellows with plenty of speed, were particularly effective in this phase of the game. Sprowl and Tierhey also were doing their part to make the subs miserable by continually intercepting passes. Pollc, one of the smallest if not the smallest man on the team, will be leinembered for his brilliant play in the Butler game over tke holidays. The Rochester pioduct literally played bis h^art out in guarding two Bulldog netters thi’oughout the fray in which the Riveters came out on top S'! t^ 34. By Keeping Polk on the two men out in front, the Riveters were able to put four men under the basket and thereby control nearly eveiY re-
bound.
BUCKS ARE TOUGH
“We can expect a mnieh tougher
. . . teams with John Kotz at the game against Ohio State Saturday forwards for Wisconsin’s basketball than against any other team we team. These two, plus Rehm, are have played this year,” were... the back from last year’s powerful words of Coach Lambert after Badger team. H^owever, Coach Bud watching his team drub both <^iPoster misses Ted Strain and Gene cago and Michigan. UiitR^TSe^;^^ England. Unfortunately for Wis- night the Buckeyes were the only* consin, there will not always be an team to whip the powerful “profes-*
► What Power Hath One Meti? The biggest speculation faring the many thousands of Western Confereneb hardwood fans throughout the nation seems to be, at the present, just ^ow much difference can one man make to a team ? ^ For instance, take Ndrthwestern. Last year they won three games and lost nine, finishing in a Weak ninth place. The Wildcats finished the Big Ten season last March against the Boilermakers. Just to give you a glimpse of exactly thn kind of team the Wildcats were then, we quote a few lines from the typewriter of our illustrious predecessor, Joseph Patrick Dolan, ahli^aring in the Exponent the day following that game. Whdf A Finals ‘Turdue seniors gathered together last night for their last mass gathering for a Purdue athletic contest. Sang their last war-song together, then sat dotvn to watch a shambles. The majority remained seated um til the end only for an occasional solo rise to see the latest spring ensembles Which Were the only color to be found last night in the Fieldhouse where Purdue defeated Noribwestern, 38-20. Oh, hum! The season’s ovei.” “The ball game was Wilder than a Gay Ninety Rodeo or the Wild West ever dared to be. The only real activity appeared occasionally when the all-conference fullback, Don Clawson, turned to his football tactics unintentionally to knock some would-be Purdue basketeer so far they had to purchase a ducat ta get back on the floor.” To This — Add One? Otto Graham To this very same team which is so well described above, something new has been added, one Otto Graham. Except for Otto, the squad is exactly the same as the one last season. But what a difference! The Wildcats are currently the hottest team in the conference, having decisively whipped two of the top performers, Indiana and Minnesota. It was the Gophers first loss of the season, and the Hoosiers first collegiate loss. ► Next’ T^ke Wisconsin Now for a vice-versa example—^with Wisconsin as the guinea pig. The National Championship Badgers lost only Gene Englund and one guard from their great team of last year. Many predicted another year of national fame for the Badgers, and few were so bold as to predict less than a share of the Big Ten championship pie. But without Englund the Badgers seem to have lost then magic, and have diopped their fiist two Big Ten encounters to Illinois and Indiana. Not that we’re saying the Badgers aic headed for the cellar, for they are still plenty caphfcle pf arising to knock off the best in the land. ► H Mattes Or Breaks You But despite this potentiality, the loss of a great leader has dropped them from the pinnacle to the run of the mill. Either Northwestern or Wisconsin still have plenty of time to change their present trend, but nevertheless, the gain or loss of one man fiom a team certainly makes a tremendous difference. •'
PINE BAR GRILL Parties — Our Speicalty 200 Columbia
-t'’—M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
^ Everything for a ’ { College Education - DEAC’S
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phene 4354 . - We Deliver
YOUR SUITS WILL
PIAL 7278
We’ll get them so clean thej‘’l’r fairly sparkle. And because we ease oul the embedded grit that chews fibers to bits, yOur suit will feel like new—and wear lots lunger. That’s Sanilunc for >011! And Wait ‘til you see the pressing job we do. Call us today!
Englund.
llVmMUHilL WEWS
With
By Bob Krieger
the All-Star Swimming
^iiiiiiiiitiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii^ I Dr. A. M. Irion I j ^ ~ DENTIST — I S 1191^ Northwestern Ave. = 1 Phone 4965 1
John Logan
sional” Great LakeS'l^v& squad.’ The Middies not only beat the Boil-* ermakers, but al^o troimced Indi-t ana, Notre Dame, Butler, Illinois and nearly every othqr major outfit
in the Middle West.
In fmther comparing games
Meet scheduled to get under way at played thus far this season, ho^ 4:15 o’clock in the Fieldhouse pool ever, the Riveters hold a slight edge this afternaon,' the cream of this over the invading Buckeyes. Again8K year’s aquatic crop is eageily await- U. C. L. A. the Boilermakers cqme ing the call to action. out on top while Ohio State waS The name of those men and or- beaten in a game at the west coaKt ganizatibns who- will endeavor to institution on their recent road be crowned Campus Champions in trip, j.s.d.
today’s meet are listed below, together with the events in which each
will compete.
150 YARD MEDLEY
Lane
2. Kappa Sigma. 3. Cary Hall 14. 4. Beta Theta Pi. 5. Cary Hall 12. 100 YARD BACKSTROKE 2. Sigma Phi Epsilon—Volknian. 3. Cary Hall 14—Owens. 4. Phi Gam—Dunn. 5. Cary Hall 9—Ball. 220 YARD FREE STYLE 1. Cary Hall 14—Van Duesen. 2. Sigma Alpha Epsilon—Stack-
house.
3. Ward—Mills 4. Cary Hall 11—Darrow. 5. Phi Kappa Sig—GroVe. 6. Waul—Shady. 100 YARD BREASTSTROKE 1. Sigma Nu—Sears. 2. Cary Hall 6—Wonnel. 0 Beta Theta Pi—Fifer. 4. Ward 3—Barnaid. 5. Cary Hall 2—Horton 6. Ward 4—Hcidke. 100 YARD FREE STYLE 1. Be.ta Theta Pi—Johnson. 2. Cary Hall 14—Nihan. 3. Ward 3—Holderman 4. Theta Tau—^Robinson. 5. Cary Hall 12—Hoetgei. 6. Ward—Shady. 50 YARD FREE STYLE 1. Beta Theta Pi—Jolmson. 2. Caiy Hall 14—Van Duesen. 3. Ward 3—Holderman. 4. Theta Tau—Robinson. 5. Waid 4—Heidke. 6. Cary Hall 5—Hirsh. 200 YARD RELAY 2. Cary Hall 11 3. Beta Theta Pi 1 Cary Hall 11. 5. Phi Gamma Delta
DIVING
1. Cary Hall—Morrison. 2. Sigma Pi Epsilon—Poibes 0. Waid 3—Holderman. 4. Cary Halt 11—Waie 5. Beta Theta Pi—Poston Only those men who won first or second place iii an event in the Frateimty, Ward oi Caiy Hall
. . . elas^sy feiward on the 194142 edition of BraiKh McCracken’s, Indiana basketball team. Logai<‘ is one of the better shots fm; the
i
Cream and Crimson bai^etedlrs. ’ John is a junior and calls Ridthuhid, his home town. He will he efne' reason for Piggy Lambert to,,^»^be I careful Monday night at Bloomington when the Boilermakers rerfew their rivalry with the Hoosihrs trom downstate. * Rifle Team Meets , Badgers Saturday ^ The University rite 'teaW^^iU!
swimming meets were invited to meet Wisconsin in a mail shr^Hyig participate this aftei noon. The win- match Saturday qftevbboh di tkt&i * nevs will each leceive an all-star o’clock. This is the tirst Wftt^h of* rating and a plaque similar to those the year for the rlflemet^amd ^ottW' given to all-stais m othei sports, be an adequate test of the team. ,#1
Exchange College Professor Stanley K^fe
tto Science Age Tfihess'C/ass R. Sheridan To
^ Prof. A. Carison Prepares Aden West Point Academy Begins Before Adeet/ng Qf Chicago University For Defense and attending West Point, Roger’ TGjCtS 3Y Fascist in Gefinahy is presenting Of ASCE At 8
. t(ajr Associated Collegiate Press) ’ff*lDhe greatest thing in science is thfe^diiicntific method, controlled and tcchwked observations and experiitieht^, objectively i-eeorded with At^biute honesty and without fear ©t favor. Science in this sense has As yet scarcely touched the common man, or his leaders. We canAbt.afford to declare a moratorium on honesty, on integrity, on objectivity, on experimentation, for that would take us straight back to the jiingle. The way of science is away from the jungle, away from its Violence and fears. The scientific method demands that We suspend judgment until we know the facts. It demands honesty, integrity and industry in ascertaining the facts. The scientific method and dishonesti are incompatible. But scientists are but hunian beings and they frequently make niistakes both in fabts and interpretations. Now, is our age conspicuous for honesty and integrity ? Is there less lying and deceit locally, nationally, internationally, today than yesterday? The answer is all about us. As I see it, ours is not an age of science.” Pxof. Anton j. Carlson of the University of Chicago disputes the widespread idea that this is an age of science. Pest Controllers See Demonstration 0n Exterminating Sixth annual pest control operators’ conference continued yesterday with over 100 persons from fh® United States and Canada registering for the five-day session. ' r-Fumigation problems were the subject of yesterday’s discussions, ?»nd Dr. M. D. Farrar of the University of Illinois, Robert Lang of Cleveland, Ohio, C. A. VincentDavies, Dupont Chemical Company and Dr. H. O. Chapman of the American Cyanamide Company led the discussions during the afternoon meeting. EASTWOOD DEMONSTRATES ' Following the discussion, C. 0; Partldw of the Reliable E.xtei'iniiiating Company presented a fumigation demonstration. Later in the Afternpou the group went to the Pieldhouse where Dr. F. Eastwood pf^ented a demonstration of ihetliods. of resuscitation. At a nieeting in the faculty lounge last night, films illustrating common household pests such as termites and brown dog ticks were shown. Following the pictures Frank Schneller of the Wctzler Advertising Company, Milwaukee, addressed the meeting on “Advertising Principles.” Annual conference dinner will be held this evening in the Union. President E. C. Elliott will act as toastmaster and Dr. L. M. Sears of the history department will be the principal speaker. UNIVERSITY AID The meeting, sponsored by tlie University in cooperation with the National Pest Control Association, will close on Friday, d.e.b. N.E. Gillespie . . . ME ’2i), Major of the Univei’sity Ordnance Department, has been made commanding officer of the Illinois Ordnance Plant, now under construction at Carbondalo. Prioito accepting the present assignment Major Gillc.spie was associated with the Ravenna Ordnance Plant, Ravenna, Ohio. While at the University Gillespie was a member of Signia Pi, ASME, Military Ball Committee during his junior and .senior years. Pi Tau Sigma, Tau Beta Pi, an^ a distinguished student during his':freshman and sophomore years.
Results of the “physical fitness” course for students which was instituted last spring have been definitely satisfactory, it was announced yesterday by Prof. F. R. Eastwood of the school of Physical Education for men. Dr. Eastwood is in charge of the administration of the course. Offered as a means to prepare the students physically as well as mentally for the defense effort, the elective course attracted 223 students in the first group. Increase in physical well-being was definitely obtained, as evidenced by the improvement of 16.9 per cent in measurable events. MADE COMPULSORY As a result of the success of the original elective course, it was made a compulsory one-hour course this fall, and approximately 1,000 students enrolled. Students within the age-brackets of the selective service act are required to take the course, with the exception of those students engaged. in varsity or freshman sports. ACTUAL IMPROVEMENT Examples of the measurable improvement in physical condition are the following; the average number of push-ups which students were capable of increased from 15.77 to 22.9 during the course of the semester. The number of pull-ups' increased from 4.89 to 7.51, the jump and reach height from 19.61 inches to 22.18 inches and the time on the two-mile walk dropped from 24 minutes and 24 seconds to 23 minutes and 8 seconds, s.b.w.
Following his; fathel’’? footsteps and attending West Point, Rogei’ Sjieiudan, freshman engineer, has received an appointment to the United States Military Academy and is expected to enter in July. Sheridan’s father, Lt. Col. L. V. Sheridan, at the present is stationed with the army engineers’ corps in
Washington, D. C.
The new appointee graduated from Shortridge High School in Indianapolis in 1939, and attended the Columbian Preparatory School at Washington before ehtering the University. He is twenty years old,
A WS Lists
State Ag
(Continued from page 1) Farm Bureau will then speak on “The Advancement of Rural Culture.” Dyer and Ainsworth will have charge of the Rural Youth officers’ training schools which will be conducted during the week. Paul Foster of Attica is president of the State organization. MARQUIS TO SPEAK J. Clyde Marquis of the United States Department of Agriculture will be the principal speaker at Tuesday afternoon’s general session. Marquis spent five years in Rome, Italy and retin-ned last, summer from Europe. His talk on “Changes in World Agriculture” will present the results- of his studies abroad. Program for the re.st of the week is broken up into many sessions and conferences. During the week the State corn and small grain show will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union and Loyal Alumnus IV, grand champion steer at the 1941 Intm national Livestock show will be exhibited in the Music Hall on Wednesday. ■Participating in the conference will be staff members, extension men, farmers and rural homemakers, 32 representatives from Washington, D. C.'and seven states. Officials in charge estimate that enough .sessions have been scheduled to make twelve 24-hour days continuous program if the conference were held one session at a time, d.e.b.
(Continued from page 1) Instructorship Certificate, I'espectively. Recreational leadership, PEW 92 prepares students for leadership in recreation on playgrounds and summer camps. General Engineering courses which would be useful in helping girls place themselves in industry and to be offeiied the second semester to girls with the proper prerequisites are;. GE 128,stime study; GE 129, study; GE 11 and GE 12, engineering drawing; GE 104, general accounting; and GE 107, industrial personnel administration. All of these courses are offered to men as well as women. Women interested in the operation and repair of motors may take AE,141, an Agricultural Engineering com-se dealing with dissembling and making adjustments to keep gasoline motors running. Also offered to women are F & N 1, foods; F & N. 13, family food problems; F & N 23, survey of nutrition; F & N 24, field work in nutrition; and HA 9, home nursing. OPEN TO MEN AND WOMEN Open to men and women in all schools are the following courses; Government 120, current government problems; Economics 134, current economic problems; Government 109, world politics; Biology 18, bacteriology; Biology 36, 39, 41 and 46, physiology; ,HA 67, problems in right living, and AE 6, entomology. Agnes McCulloch, president of Associated Women Students, was in charge of gathering this information and due credit must be given to the heads of the depai’tments, University executives and the Doan of Men and the Dean of Women. I’.w.b.
Texts Saturday Receiving of used books for secoftd semester courses will begin Saturday at 12 noon in the SouHh BallI’bdm of the Union, according to word received yesterday from the offipps of the Student Book Exchangee. Books will be taken in Saturday afternoon and Monday from lOia. m. until 6 p. m., but the actual selling of the books will not begin
until Tuesday moi’ning at 10.
Students bringing books to the exchange may set their own prices up to 75 per cent of the list value of the books, and if the book has been sold, they may collect their money at a later date which will be announced by the Student Book Ex-
change Board of Control.
tyres RECEIVED
Only second semester books will be taken in and no new or out-of-date issues Avill be accepted for sale. . All, the clerical work, selling and accounting in the Book Exchange, is done by student volunteers who make possible this non-profit system of exchanging books. Last fall it was estimated that the Exchange saved the student body well over $800 as receipts totaled $2,400 with an average of $1.75 per book. BOOKS IN DEMAND William Hepburn, Union activities chairman and general chairman of the Student Book Exchange, said that experience from previous years has shown that the books in the following courses are always in great demand; ME, EE, CE,.chemistry, mathematics, speech and physics. Students wishing to sell any of these books are urged to turn them in to the Book Exchange be-
fore Tuesday, a.h.
New York university is the largest privately endowed institution of higher education in the country.
(By Associated Collegiate Press) “When a new party, such as the Fascist in Germany, is presenting a new formula for reuniting a nation, this party must proceed on the failure of another formula. Fascism arose by force and it must remain by force. It must crush dll opposition, establish its power everywhere and make an’ irresistible drive toward totalitarianism. If Fascism should ever threaten America it will be throiight the eflfort of some democratic groups to protect our form of government by force. Our ultimate defense is to solve our problems in such a way as to prevent the widespread disillusionment and lack of faith that caused Fascism to arise in Germany.” Prof. W. O. Stanley of Madison college offers a blueprint for defense of the Amer-
ican way.
Ropeye - In College! Professor Teaches Coeds With His Help (By Associated Collegiate Press) Popeye has attained academic respectability. Students at Rockford, 111., College are learning to sing about the exploits of the sailor man in Spanish. The tune found its way into the curriculum, through the help of Professor Nicolas Pereas, who first heal’d the song in hjs native Spanish home, and then found it equally popular in Venezuela, where he lived for two years before coming to this country. The Popeye jingle is part of Pereas’ direct method of introducing Spanish to first-year students. A fourteenth: centui’y folk song is also in the repertoire of the Spanish students and during the year their-in-structor plans to teach the girls other songs illustrative of particu-' lar dialects used in different sections of Spain.
M. R. Veefe, chief engineer of the Indiana State Highway Commission, will be the principal speaker at a meeting of the American Society of Civil Enginers to be held tonight at 6 p. m. in room 201 of the Chemical Engineering building. Keefe will talk on “The Persian Railway and Its Strategic Value in the Russo-German War,” apd will discuss details of the construction of the railway. Indiana Society of Professional Elngineers will be the guests of the ASCE at this meeting, d.e.b.
Classified
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, aiid purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. KbershofT, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 27*79. To Rent: Large front room with sle^^ping porch. Cpnvenient to campus. Ten dollars per month. Call 83312. Room for Rent: Men, sleep single. Cooking privileges. $9.50 per month. 601'Kver-. green. Tcl. 75912. Lost: Alpha Chi Omega pin. If found please .return to Rosemary Anderson or call 5091. Reward. For Sale: Shoe ice skates, size 8. Good as new. Phono 45864. Student wants work for room or board •or both. Call *‘136b’‘ at 7873. Good refer-
ences.
Car for Sale: Model A Ford—a good buy. 900 3rd 'Street, West Lafayette. R6om for Rent: Pine-paneled modern room, one-half block from Purdue and Bus line. 909 ovd Street, West Lafayetae. • All Military Siudents: All students having ab.seneos in drills may make them up during weeks of Jan. 14 to 27, incl. Credit for these make ups will bo given in 1st .semester grades for students with C or I grades due to absences, all others will receive credit on their 2nd semester grades. Two wwks period for make up will be determined by counting all regular school weeks between Dec. 8 and Jan. 27 excepting week of Jan. 5 to 10, iricl. -GRAHAM
Playe#,: ISmcrdcncy,
toundatloh Thursday Worn 4 :80, », B. p.mi Important that all actives a^hd^^^^^. Sociology Students r fio tests , this week in Sot. '16, diviSiohs B, D, G ahd ; Sb;o. 176A. ' .'--SMITH;, Alpha Zetii: Mdctlnft: ThorSday, Jan) 8, in room 303 of the Union at 7i80 p.ttiy ,
SWAcIN,.,
ASCE: Meeting Thursday, Jan.,S, at 8 p.m. in room 201 of the Civil Engiheerlng Building. —TRUITTv WAA Council: No WAA Coujncil. Jug Thursday, Jan. 8. —PIDGEON; Chinese Students : The regular .mon^Iy meeting will be held on Friday^,J^.,:9,. in room 268 of the Union at 7 p.ni; fleers for next semester will.h® somp important business will bc disi^s^a. All Forensic Managers: import^t nic^ing in room 301 of University Hail ^ Thursday,, Jan, 8. —LAWLEB Agriculturist; Editprial StaffEverybody except departmental editors is /expected .-to attend stail. meeting in office Friday ,at 4 p.m. Freshmen interested should bc_wre by all means. —RIGGS Agriculturist. Business Stpff: Meeting Friday, Jan. 9, 7 :80 p.m. in'office. Attendance required. ^ARVIDSON Rifle Club: Report/ to: Fieldhousc .rifle range Saturday afternOoh, 8:00, for first Big Teh matcli. —TADMAN OutingClub: Ice Skating party, Tuesday, Jan. 13. Meet at hidSt'dbiir .of .Union at, 7 p.m. Transportation furnished.. Call Gred Corduas, 51153, .or: Gail/Henhis; 29.07, 'for
reservations before
Acromodelcrs: There Will be an imphl^nt meeting in Room 80, .. J^'riday,'’Jan. ■ O, . at, 7:30 p.m. Be sure to attend. PlAhs fou.jiext
• • ” ’ .VEUKOPF
semester will bo discussed.
Pistol Team Tryouts: The following.;listed students arc asked to report at the Armory January 14, 1942: : ■ I . L 4:00 p.m.: Bay lies, F; L.,; Bedwfell, .R. R.; Bellows, H.: Bryant, R. J,; Katz, A. S. y Kuhn, W. A.: Laird, A.; MeaChem, J; R,: Miller, P. G.; Nioholson, B. E. Parker, H. W.: Pearson, J. M.: Sharpe, Y. vi'J Sines, F. E.; SongcL J. R.: Welbaum, E: Ay: Wendt, R. R.: Wcstcott, D. P.; Woltcr.' G.
R.: Cornelius, E. H.
B:00 p.m.: Brunk, J. F.; Coffin'g, T,. .Hi: Criste, J. D.; Dickey, B. C,: deBrujiri, 'll. G.': Farnsworth, L. E.: Frickc, B. G.; Gernand, W. F.: Grcenhalgh, D. K.Jones, C, E.; Link, G. H.; Lukcnbill, E. D.; McCabe. L. J.: Metzker, F. A.; Rodgers, P, E-: Singer, M.; Smith, B. G. i Soulhwortb.’.G,’ S,
—BROTYN
Pistol Team: important meeting in room 105 of the Armoryi Friday, January .9 At 4 p.m. —BROWN Student War Council: Important niecting Saturday. January 10, at 1:30 p.ltii in the Student Senate office. —DIBOS
GOOD PRINTING at PAINLESS PRICES More Style (or Less Money Kane's Print Shop
. 401 S. 29(h St.
Phone 5205
Notices
AH Students: All proscriptions lb bu filled in the Ajjothccary must be rec«'iv(ul not later than 4 p. m. Monday tlirough Friday, and by 11:30 a. m. an Saturday. All prescriptions must be called for at Ihe counter in the Apothecary of the School of Pharmacy. Sigma Delta Chi Members: Will all persons who still liave Rasbde tickets out return them or the money immediately to me. - -ADAMSON All Military Students: There will be no X-hours, Y-huurs, or corps day during the week of Jan. 5-10. Al! other classes will meet as scheduled. - GRAHAM All Military Juniors: All reconnaissance classes meeting Wed., Thursday, and Fri., Jan. 7, 8. and 9. will meet in the P'ieldhouae at the east door. - MESSERSMITH
01(1 Queens liuilding- at Rutgers university, built in 1809 and in continuous use since then, now is the scat of administration of the 175-year-old institution.
Goody's Fine Shoes Goodwin's Shoe Store In The Village 302 Stale
— WANTED — Two Boys to Work in Union Bowling Alleys See R. Stuckey
BRING 'EM BACK ALIVE
“Bring 'em Back Alive' 'is just as applicable to USED textbooks as it is to the animals Frank Buck exploits so proii/ably. This is the first thing students should realize about selling their old textbooks. The difference in value placed upon latest 9 editions and older editions is cts great as that between a live and a stuffed monkey. Contrary to general belief, the life of a textbook is not men- . sured alone by durability. Most students now know that iri terms of economy, used books offer better values than new books; but, few reolize how rapidly new editions crowd preceding ones off the market. Each ^new edition lowers the value of earlier editions, though SOUTHWORTH'S with its facilities and market contacts, is the most likely place to sell a reasonably recent edition at a reasonable price. And so, our suggestion is to. “Bring 'em Back Alive"—while they still have current value. If you wish to TRADE your old books on next semester's books you will receive an additional 10% valuation.
Crown Cleaning . . The Champion of Quality Above everything else Crown guards the quality of its cleaning service. CROWN CARES FOR YOUR CLOTHES ©ROWN Laundry
.WVWVWVWWW’WWWWVWVWYWWWWWVLWVW^WVVVWWVWV $ $ $ Well Give You “Folding Money” for Those USED TEXTBOOKS USED DRAWING SETS - ENGINEERING EQUIPMENT No Finals-So start unloading those books now! 50% in CASH - 60% in TRADE
PURDUE BOOK ^ SUPPLY STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
Southworth’s