Purdue
Z-186
Exponent
THURSDAY
May 4, 1939
Lafayette, Indiana
VoLSO
No. 173
Oliphant Will Speak For
Heald Of Armour Talks To Tau Botes
High School Representatives
l^Men's Annual Banquet on Modem Values' Tq Uo|r| Vocational Round-Uo Elmer Q. Oliphant, of New York City, first four letter man Three Qualities Make ® ® ® ^^ ^ %/Vml liI1 IQ I I m\/U I wj TTTiiTTQvaifir’a Q+Vilofin ViiHt.rsrv n.nH All-ATnp.ria»n.Ti •foot- ^ ^ ^ ■
Elmer Q. Oliphant, of New York City, first four letter man in the University’s athletic history and All-American footballer with the Army, will be the principal speaker for the annual P-Men’s banquet tomorrow night at 6:30 in the Union
^ Ballroom.
Oliphant, a member of the class of 1914, will be back for his twentyfifth class reunion. Special guests of honor will include David E. Ross and George Ade, prime movers in making the Eoss-Ade recreational field and Stadium a reality and Professor William Marshall, chairman of the faculty athletic committee, who is retiring from the University
at the end of the year.
Prof. G. A. Young, president of the P-Men’s international organization, will be presiding officer. Gene Anderson, retiring president of the campus “P” club, will act as
toastmaster.
The program will include the introduction of old timers as well as shor^ talks by President Elliot, Noble Kizer, and the four major sports coaches, Mai Elward, Ward Lambert, Hermon Phillips, and Dutch’
Fehring.
Presentation to senior lettermen of “P” blankets and certificates of membership in the international organization will be made by Prof. G. A. Young. Tickets for the banqtiet, which is open only to men who have been given a letter, either major or minor, are priced at 75 cents, and may be obtained from the sports man-
agers.
Following the banquet. Red Maxfield and his University of Illinois orchestra will swing out for the ‘P’ Men’s dance. Price of the dance is one dollar with ducats available at Deac’s, Bartlett’s drug store, and from dance committee members.
Bridge Players Must Be Seated By 7 In Ballroom
Tournament director Julius Borne has announced that absolutely no player will be seated after 7 o’clock in the semi-final round of the campus championship bridge tournament to be held in the Union ballroom tonight. The early start is necessitated because a larger number of hands are being played than
at the previous sessions.
Those teams finishing above the half-way mark in their respective sections tonight will be qualified to go into the final round for the
championship next week.
Entries In Egg Show
Start This Morning
Beginning this morning at 8 o’clock and continuing tomorrow until 2 p. m., entries may be made in the annual egg and chick show in the Poultry Building. According to p. L. Whitham, chairman of publicity for the show, 455 dozen eggs were entered last year and an even bigger representation is expected this
year.
Following the closing of entries tomorrow at 2 p. m., the eggs will be judged by three federal egg inspectors and the results will be then known tomorrow night. Prizes that amount to $30 in merchandise coupons andi theater tickets will be given to the winners in various divi-
sions.
Premium lists giving rules and prizes may be obtained from Max Myers at the Poultry BuiTding.
Final Examinations. . . . reared their ugly heads again last night as pink schedule sheets appeared on University bulletin boards. The tentative schedule calls for 19 exam periods beginning Monday, May 29, at 8 a. m. Students should check the exam schedule and report any conflicts to the instructors concerned.
Three Qualities Make ^ A Complete Engineer “The purpose of college is to de-
velop the whole individual,” stated Dr. Henry T. Heald, president of Armour Institute of Technology, in his address to members of campus engineering honoraries at the fourth annual Tau Beta Pi banquet in the
Union ballroom last night. Speaking on “Modern Values in
Engineering,” Dr. Heald discussed three qualities which industries are interested in when hiring an engineer. Intelligence he placed in first place, describing it as the ability of a man to attack and work through to completion a problem
, which is unfamiliar to him. Emphasizing that mere intelli-
gence did not in itself necessarily spell success, however, Heald said that the opportunity for building personality and character should not be neglected. Personality he described as the sum total of effect we have on other people, and character as the principles which a man has that are fundamental to his nature, that he will stick to
even though it cost him his job. The banquet was sponsored by
Tau Beta Pi, engineering scholastic honorary, and all of the engineering school honoraries were in attendance. Dean Potter introduced the speaker; Robert M. Sasser acted as toastmaster; and William H. Smith, president of Tau Beta Pi, presented the pledges, who were an-
nounced earlier in the spring. Royal l^ellow Dogs Will Initiate Tonight
Annual farm management flsn fry will be held today from 4 to 8 p. m. at the Rotary Camp on the Tippecanoe River. Highlight of the evening will be the initiation of all eligibles into the Royal Order of Yellow Dogs, secret farm management lodge. All students in general Ag or in Rural Economics are eligible
for initiation.
Tickets are priced at 35 cents, and cars will leave Ag Hall at 4
o’clock.
Old Grads Will Hold Students Will Exhibit Industrial Arts
Handiwork; 400 Expected To Compete
Golden Anniversary During Gaia Week The class of 1889 will hold its fiftieth anniversary celebration as a feature of the Gala Week activities this week-end. Between 15 and 20 members of the class of 50 years ago are expected to attend the cele-
bration.
Among those who have already indicated their intention of attending are Frank E. King, Minneapolis, Minn.; W. K. Howe, Rochester, N. Y.; S. H. Caraway, Indianapolis; Oliver M. Jones, Danville, 111.; J. T. McCutcheon, Chicago, 111.; and Prof. J. B. Shaw, Conchise, Ariz.; as well as these local residents: Ella Bartlett, Brown Brockenbrough, Dr. Ed. C. Davidson, John P. Foresmon, F. B. Parker Sr., Frank L. Petty, Blanche Ruffner, Richard Sample, Robert Wallace, and Prances O.
Westfall.
Members of the class of 1889 will be among the guests of honor at a dinner Sunday. At the dinner they will be presented with golden certificates in commemoration of the
occasion.
Florence Boswell To Talk On Blind Flying Tonight Addressing an open meeting of the Flying Club tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the reception room of the Union, Mrs. Florence Boswell, head of the central section of the “99” Club, an honorary organization of women flyers, will talk on “Blind
Plying.”
Holding a commercial pilot’s rating, an istrunment rating, and a third class radio telephone operator’s license, Mrs. Boswell is one of the fore-ranking women pilots of the country.
Approximately 400 high sphool students, representing 25 to 30 high schools scattered over the state, are expected to attend the annual Vocational and Industrial Arts Round-Up which will start tomorrow. These students will exhibit their handiwork in drawing, printing, metal work and wood work in competitive classes. State champions will be crowned in the various classes. While the judges are grading the exhibits, the Round-Up program will be launched. A series of demonstrations on wood shop, forge shop, foundry, and machine shop practice, will be given for the benefit of the visiting students by staff members. Attend Open House In the afternoon the students will attend the annual Open House. The program will include a high frequency demonstration in the Electrical Engineering Building, as well as visits to the various exhibits and demonstrations of the schools of agriculture, home economics, and science. They -will also visit the men’s and women’s residence halls, the Armory, the men’s and women’s gymnasiums and the Pieldhouse. Later in the afternoon the visitors will be guests of honor at the special Gala Week review on Russell Field and the opening game of the Purdue-Indiana series. Open House will be continued in the evening, featuring exhibits by the schools of engineering and an inspection trip of the shops, power plant, and the pharmacy, chemistry, and biology exhibits. The program will be concluded by a special demonstration by the Purdue Zouave Squad in the Armory at 10 o’clock that evening.
Zouaves To Present Military Shaw For Open House Guests Presentation of “An Artilleryman’s Nightmare,” a comedy based on the dfeam of a cannoneer, will climax a three and one-half hour military show to be put on in the Armory tomorrow night by the Purdue Order of Zouaves. The performance, for open house guests, will begin at 7 o’clock and end at 16:30. The show will include a 75nun. battery in action, a 155mm. howitzer in action, and exhibitions of the various instruments necessary for the computation of firing data. Men will be on the floor at aU times between acts to answer questions and serve as guides. Treva Berry Named Fair Representative Treva Berry, HEc ’40, of Indianapolis, accepted last night the invitation of Elgin National Watch Company to represent Purdue at the New York World’s Fair. Betty Jo Sexton from Jasonville, and Martha Wood of West Lafayette, were named as alternates. 'The girls were selected from a list of 18 campus beauties nominated from the membership of Mortar Board and Gold Peppers. Miss Berry, along with nine other co-eds chosen from the Big Ten universities, will act as hostesses at the Elgin Time Observatory at the Fair, and will appear on national radio programs. She will be presented to Mayor LaGuardia of New York City, and to other officials of importance at the Fair.
Exponent Summarizes Good Teaching Campaign Points
(An Editorial) , Several Ideas... . . . designed to improve teaching methods and results have been discussed at some length in this year’s good teaching editorial * ’, campaign. Today we would like to summarize these as completely as possible in one article, barely outlining the important points of each idea. ^ Student Senate has organized a committee on student-faculty relations consisting of five ' staff members and six students. This committee was formed for the purpose of promoting r a concrete program for bridging the gap in relationship between students and their teachers. Yesterday afternoon the new committee f met for the first time. Members had little conception of what their aims would be or what they could accomplish. Probably little will be done this year. However, we feel the project will have been successful if it only builds a > skeleton of purposes and plans to begin on next year. In The Beginning * In beginning this campaign we said “ What is wrong with teaching at Purdue? To our way of thinking it is a matter of somewhat unprogressive and uncooperative attit tudes.” Both students and teachers assume wrong attitudes toward the educational program . . . and added together they spell trouble. The new committee can do much to help merely by promoting friendship and com- * radeship between the two factions. To finish the job, some other agency will have to inspire more progressive teaching methods and decrease the tendency toward cut and dried
“production line” instruction. Purdue has been too crowded in recent years to do much about teaching methods. Instructors have had too many classes and divisions have been too large. When the present building program is completed there will be much less crowding and confusiop—^which makes this year an excellent strategic time tobegin a good teaching movement on the campus. Good teaching, however, is tied up with many other considerations such as student honesty, orientation, class attendance, etc. Committees and groups already of long standing are considering these problems—and are doing something about them. When an active campaign for good teaching is started these other things will naturally fall in to line . . . but the campaign must be complete and wellrounded enough to plan for them. Ideas and suggestions that we have collected since the beginning of this editorial campaign will be briefiy described in the remainder of this article. A few of these ideas are highly idealistic . . . most of them, however, we believe to be practical and timely. Good Teaching Commission 1. To carry out the part of the job which the student-faculty relations committee can not handle, we suggest that some sort of a good teaching commission be set up. There should be “good teachers,” and interested students in this group (both good and bad scholastically)T Several graduate students interested in education should be part of the commission. If these graduate students could write theses on the commission’s work, they would be the ones to de research into teaching methods and to write up reports and plans. 2, A few experimental class sections should be organized. Teachers interested in the work
of modernizing Purdue instruction could take these courses and try many different types of subject presentation. In one or two instances this has been done already. To be really effective, however, it must be done according to definite plans, and complete reports must be made of results obtained. 3. Comprehensive outline descriptions of all courses to be taught during a given semester should be posted well before registration so that students may have information with ;w’hich to guide their choices of curricula and blectives. These outlines should be similar to those handed out at the first class period in many engineering subjects. They should be typewritten and posted on bulletin boards of schools concerned and at the places of registration. This idea hai been suggested often before, but to the bestpf our information it has never been actually tried. We believe such a scheme would offer a mqch more satisfactory basis for ehoosing electivV^an the meagre informa* tion given in the University catalog. 4. Actual cla^room physical conditions could stand a lot^of improvement in many instances. Large lecture rooms need public address systems to save instructors’ voices and to benefit those in back rows. Ventilation is poorly controlled in many rooms. Usually in early morning hours the rooms are much too stuffy and hot. Lighting is inadequate in a few places—^notably in the Library. Simple surveys should suffice to determine the need for improvements along these lines. Demonstration Lectures 5. More demonstration lectures should be used. Dr. Remmers of the educational reference division and Professor Degering of the chemistry department recently published the results of a two-year test taken at Purdue
which proved that lecture demonstrations are just as effective as actual laboratory work in imparting information, although of course useless in teaching laboratory technique. Demonstrations are hard to prepare. They take their toll in effort and equipment; but once arranged they bring surprisingly potent results. They represent a method which, we believe, is neglected too generally at Purdue. 6. Outlines of assignments should be given whenever possible to every student at the first class meeting. These outlines will enable a student to keep up with his work even though sickness or other causes force him to miss some classes. Often students let their work go simply because they missed the assignment. 7. The curricula offered at the University should be somewhat more flexible—especial]^ in the engineering schools. In somd\Mses there should be alternative required cows^ to increase flexibility. Some students shoi^ be allowed to substitute electives for required courses which may not be absolutely essential. 8. Half-semester short courses might be the answer to the demand for more specialized electives. Short doses of such subjects as insurance, navigation, ballistics, etc., could be given in these nine or twelve week courses. The mathematics department has already seen the need for something like this in freshman math, which divides into three distinct subjects. Seminar Courses 9. Seminar courses offer an excellent opportunity for promoting student-faculty rel^ tions, and can be made as instructive as any textbook course. Engineering schools now have required seminars, but the divisions are getting to be so large that the real value is being lost. Ideal seminars would be those (Continued on page 2)
If£dikhiaL
THE POBDOE EXPONENT
J^tahuiBA,
Thursday^ May 4,1939
Exponent Summarizes Good ‘■r (Continued from page 1) ' where an instructor or adviser meets with fifteen or twenty advanced students to discuss pertinent engineering problems and articles from the current technical journals. The engineering school seminars are not fulfilling their purpose at present; it would be better if smaller class divisions were used even if a half-time graduate assistant had to take care of keeping attendance and conducting class meetings. 10. One of the biggest ^ipes of present day students is the multiplicity of laboratory reports demanded by the school. It is very true that a graduate must be able to write a decent report on laboratory work done, and for that reason should have adequate practice. However, the practice students get under the present system is almost worthless. Teachers are too busy to grade reports on time, and consequently students write all of them the same way for a whole semester, before faults are pointed out. They may all be written up poorly, but the student never finds out about it until too late. There should be a course, or part of a course, in laboratory report writing. Each student sholud be required to learn the essential characteristics of acceptable reports, and should have some practice in writing them. Only data and curves shold be required as record of laboratory work done after completion of the report-writing course. 11. Tests should emphasize the necessity for reasoning power rather than memory. Students should be encouraged to learn elementary principles or facts and how to apply them. Pure memorizing is valuable only in history and allied subjects. ■ Examinations can be designed to produce this effect in most i cases. Student honesty also enters into the picture here. Tests can and should be made up in such a manner that students will find it practically impossible to cheat. Many good schemes for this are already in general use, others can be developed. Good Teaching Recognition 12. Good teaching should be recognized— and it should be recognized as a quality entirely separate from research and writing ability. TTie University should give rewards as far as it is within their power to do so. Such awards could come in the form of pay, professorships, or perhaps, in special degrees. It might not be such a wild idea to institute such degrees as “master of teaching,” “doctor of teaching,” etc. Honoraries and professional societies within each school could help out by making awards for good jobs of instruction. Sigma Delta Chi pointed out the way last year with its Good Teacher Medallion. 13. Along the lines of promoting friendly student-faculty relationships, there are al-
ways such possibilities as smokers, picnics, banquets. Every event of this nature does its bit toward bridging the gulf. Honoraries and societies should expand their present social programs in order to get more students attending these functions. 14. Some day in the not-so-distant future Purdue’s registration routine will have to be changed. We think Registrar Stone will agree with us in that, and we believe this change will be a decentralization process. Students will have to see instructors and heads of schools to arrange their courses, instead of doing the whole job in the armory. Indiana University tried such a decentralized registration this semester, and found it very satisfactory. The sooner Purdue does j;his the better. Then all students, but especially freshmen, will at least get acquainted with the teachers they plan to work under. This acquaintance if given half a chance could develop into friendship, and students would then no longer traditionally shun teachers. If freshmen were “brought up” under a system such as this, perhaps they would soon begin to look upon an instructor as a guide rather than a boss. Orientation Plan 15. Orientation should acquaint the student with the school... and should not merely let the school know the quality of the student. At present the orientation program lacks in information concerning traditions, customs, rules of Purdue. There should also be some discussion of the University’s cultural opportunities during this first few days. We suggest that only English, health, and advance credit exams be given during Orientation Week. Fill up the rest of the time with the information that is lacking. Then wait a week and finish up the exams on the next Saturday afternoon. The results won’t be needed very much till then anyhow. 16. The successful operation of all the suggestions outlined above dei>ends upon the cooperation of both students and faculty members. At present this would not be possible because of the attitudes taken by each party. These attitudes must be changed, and changing them will require concentrated effort and careful planning. Fraternities, sororities, and PIA will have to be enlisted because the influence of the upperclassmen represented by them is infinitely stronger than any influence the faculty can muster. If a senior tells a freshman that all teachers are enemies, the poor rhinie is instantly convinced. It would take longer than four years to break that conviction. If, on the other hand, the school shows the freshman that teachers can be friends, and if the senior does not tell him differently, things run smoothly. This editorial is not intended to end our campaign. Rather, it is a summing up of our present idea on the subject. More “teacher features” and more editorials will follow during the 1938-39 staff’s fast-terminating period in office; after that the new editor’s policies will be in force.
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
Home Ec Honorary To Banquet Tonight Virginia C. Meredith Club and Omicron Nu, home economics honorary, are sponsoring their annual banquet tonight in the Home Economics Building. As the main feature of the banquet, the Omicron Nu medal will be presented to the most outstanding freshman co-ed in
the home economics department. Hazel Manning, professor of the clothing and textiles course at the University of Wisconsin, will be the main speaker of the evening. The banquet is open to all co-eds and faculty members. Tickets may still be obtained from Treva Berry, ticket chairman, at 50 cents each.
University of Vermont co-eds have formed a new club to promote improvement of their personalities.
Today- F riday-Sa tu rday
TWO FIRST RUN HITS
A COP’S SON PAYS CRIME’S BITTER PRICE! GordonOlWw y,ciu«*
Plus
mSADOUj
20e to 6 then I0-20-25C
THERE’S A “
VICTOR JORY.MAXIE ROSENBLOOM * EDDIE FDY, Jr. • SHEILA BROMLEY
2 DAYS ONLY— TODAY-FRIDAY
THE BELOVED BUMSTEADS IN THEIR SECOND GRAND SCREENFUL OF FUN Your Favorite Screen Family f
rBased upon CHIC YOUNG’S Comic Strip PENNY SINGLETON a, Blondie ARTHUR LAKE , L/ RRY SIMMS Of Dogwood at Baby Dumpling
UUmETU TODAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY
GRIN an:> bear it
By Lidity
We would suggest a rear-view mirror for absent-minded RIP MANION. In Indianapolis Tuesday night he tried to cross 16th street and dreamily watch JANE GARLAND, walking behind him, both at the same time. RESULT . . . RIP backed right into a moving car. BOX SCORE One slightly bruised elbow. One badly scared girl. One surprised man. Many wondering people. Now we’re just wondering what will happen on RIP’s next trip to the big city.
“It’s going to cost my dad a lot to keep me in school this semester. My roommate’s abroad” . . . Whadda ya say ... on the ball, hand in something good for those Lafayette and Mars passes .... after all, there’s something really keen coming up . . . “Pygmalion.” I wish I was a kangaroo Despite his funny stances, I’d have a place to put the junk My girl brings to the dances. A co-ed is an appetite wrapped in a polo coat and wearing dirty shoes. Hitch your wagon to a plane .. . come and join the multitude at the Airport . . . and you might drop around the night of the dance.
No wonder the boys are hiring out the airplanes every afternoon . . . since the Pi Phis are having their afternoon sunbaths on the roof, the planes, not to forget the binoculars, come in mighty handy. We know that all who jitters are not cold! Now that the campus is on to
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE Trapped In The Blaxing Terror Of The Terpentine Camps . . . Road Boys Clawing At Human Tigers Blocking Their Right To Freedom! UNTHINKABLE! TRUE!
with ANNE SHIHLEY ; RofsrOaaltl -^JiRin MeCdHan Alan Baxtif IT'S FIRST RUN ■■■—plus ' The Screen's Mistress Of Emotion In The Most Widely Discussed Film Of Her Career! BETTE DAVIS Meanest When Lovein' Most in "JEZEBEL" with HENRY FONDA--GEORGE BRENT FAY BAINTER
“Look at that Jeeves—30 years they’re married and they still go around together!”
those degrees given the home ecs . . . did you know that the practice houses were giving MRS. degrees? We have come to the conclusion that BEEMER and BAILEY have* been using the front porch enough to ■ have the sufficient credit hours ... so they’ll get the first honorary degree ... that is if the Army won’t object. This has gotten beyond the funny stage ... it just isn’t good sense for a Perdue student to keep up this eating craze ... we don’t think that DICK DeGARMO was cute when he ate his “supper” , . . our policy is to refuse to publicize this thing any more . . . stop thinking you’re a
caveman . , wholesome.
milk is much more
I draw the line at kissing She said in accents fine. But he was a football hero, And so he crossed the line .
To get news about you guys is about as easy as falling off a logarithm . . . goodbye.
Did you know that radio broadcasting stations from coast to coast are linked by more than 53,000 miles of special telephone circuits? Even before the earliest days of broadcasting. Bell System engineers developed means of transmitting sounds of all kinds by wire. These have been improved constantly to transmit the extremely high and low sound frequencies of music and entertainment. Just as years of telephone research stand back of today’s special broadcasting circuits—so the research of today is helping to solve the communications problems of tomorrow. Another Bell System contribution to your daily life.
How about-al'elephone call-to Dad? Rates to most poiiTts aie lowest anytime
after 7 P, M. a'nd pH day Sunday.
* i
y IItlbiirdddy, ^ility 4, tddd Varsity Batters Slam Four Frosh Pitchers To Beat Rhinies, 22-4 Slamming out 18 safe blows which included four homeric blasts and a trio of triples, the Boilermaker varsity baseball team pounded four freshman moundsmen for 22 runs yesterday in the Ross-Ade ballyard while the rhinies plated four men during the process of an eight inning game. After awakening from an apparent lethargy which lasted for three innings, the varsity contingent op€;ned np its imwer attack in the fourth frame and bunched six hits, including two home runs, a triple, and three singles, to send five men across the plate. Five hits and two walks, aided by six frosh miscues in the field, accounted for 11 scores in the sixth as 14 varsity men strode up to the plate for a turn at the bat. Arnold Bredewater, senior hurling ace of the Boilermaker squad, started the game for the varsity team and allowed two hits and no runs in the three innings he worked on the mound. Heretofore suffering
THE PURDtJE
You’ll find the Palm Beach suit to fit your taste at... GULLION’S IN THE VILLAGE
*250 REWARD
There may be a $100 check for you in the above picture Note the broader set of the shoulders ..the fuller drape...the easy lines of the chest and waist. Drop into your favorite store and feel the softer fabric-hold it up to the light and see the open windows that let your body breathe. Try it on...see how well it fits. And note the price—$15.50. Then answer this question—in 50 words or less: WHY DO COLLEGE MEN PREFER PALM BEACH SUITS AND SLACKS? The ten best statements win ten awards:
FIRST AWARD $100 SECOND AWARD $50 THIRD AWARD $25
FOURTH AWARD . . . SIX AWARDS EACH OF .
DUPLICATE AWARDS IN THE EVENT OF TIES
$15 $10
7ij2-ajchj)Jy
RULFS" Only men duly enrolled m a recognized American college are eligible Letters must be postmarked not later than May 31—and must contain your college, class and name of your favorite clothier. Winners will be notified by mail after June 15th, so be sure to state your mailing address as of that date. Selections by Contest Editor will bind company and contestants Entries, contents and ideas therein become property of GOODALL COMPANY, CINCINNATI, OHIO
EatPONENT
Co-ed Swimming Teams Hold Annual Meet Tuesday Co-eds on both sorority and ward swimming teams will coippete in the annual co-ed swim Tuesday, May 9. Nine events are on the program. To enter the meet each of the teams must have had two practice sessions. Included in the list of events are the 100 yard free style, 20 yard backstroke, 20 yard breast stroke, 20 yard flutterboard race, diving, 40 yard dash, obstacle race, side stroke form and resting stroke form.
from a sore arm which kept him out of action during the earlier part of the season, Bredewater appeared to be pitching with good control and a variety of curve balls which kept the frosh at bay. Donald Blankon, freshman pitcher who had poor support in his three innings on the sla|3, struck out four men and allowed six hits and five runs. He was followed in the relief role by Zeck, Young, and Cooper. John Emmert replaced Bredewater in the fourth while Homer Warner pitched the last two innings for the varsity squad. Score by innings: Freshmen 000 010 03— 4 9 13 Varsity . 113 6111 20—^22 18 0
Delta Tau Delta Garners Fraternity Golf Crown
Sports Staff Schedule Thursday, May 4—Marquis, issue editor; Richards, stooge. Friday, May 6—Mundorf, issue editor; Doty, stooge. Saturday, May 6—Goebel, issue editor, Dolan, stoge. —R. L. McDonald.
Choice Of El^ives Must Be Made Soon Any student whose schedule for 1939-40 calls for elective or optibnal subjects is required to make his or her choice of electives before the close of the present semester. Such student should consult the Dean or Head of their schools as soon as possible. This notice applies to all present juniors, all present sophomores except those taking forestry, and all present freshmen except those taking forestry and those freshmen engineers who expect to take chemical metallurgical, mechanical, public service engineering, or engineering law, and all irregular students. Reprints of the plans of study for the various schools are available at the offices of the heads of the various schools. They can also be obtained at the Registrar’s Office. Any student who has definite plans to change from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of this semester. Blanks may be obtained at the Registrar’s office.
Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi Place; Daoust, Dittmer Pace Winner With 38 Shots Averaging 43.5 strokes over the West Lafayette municipal golf course, the Delta Tau Delta golf team annexed the inter-/ fraternity golf title which was played off last week, according to compilations released yesterday by the University intramural department. Phi Kappa Sigma golfers took second with a 43.7 average, with Phi Kappa Psi third, 44.8, and Beta Theta Pi, 45.4. _________
Paced by Daoust with 38 strokes for the nine holes and Dittmer with a 39, the scores of the winning team were mostly in the low forties. The names and scores of the other team members follow: Baker 40, McIntyre 40, Adamson 42, Hepburn 42, Drever 43, Carr 46, Fishburn 47, Bob McGhee 48, Kendrick 48, Dick
McGhee 49.
Low score honors for the tournament were divided among three men. Evers of Phi Kappa Sigma, Skinner of Phi Kappa Psi, and Weldy of Theta Chi all covered the course in 36 strokes. Other final averages in the tournament were Theta Xi 46.6, Kappa Sigma 46.8, Delta Upsilon 47.2, Delta Chi 63.4, Sigma Alpha Mu 64.4.
HORSESHOE DOUBLES
Today
4:15—Coarts north of Fieldhoase Lambda Chi Alpha
Sigma Nu
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Sigma Chi
Alpha Gamma Rho Beta Sigma Psi Beta Theta Pi
Delta Chi
Delta Upsilon Kappa Delta Rho Kappa Sigma
Phi Kappa
Phi Kappa Sigma
Phi Pi Phi
Pi Kappa Alpha Sigma Alpha Mu Sigma Phi Epsilon
Sigma Pi Theta Chi Theta Tau
Alpha Tau Omega Phi Sigma Kappa Tau Kappa Epsilon Alpha Kappa Lambda
Theta Xi
Intramural Schedule
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Today 4:15 p. m. R E Lucht vs R. Kuntz. R S Howe vs R. W. Klein. Wagener vs P J Wood. Frye vs W P Yeagley or Pruitt. Phil Miller vs Jim Mann. G T Miller vs Fred Richards Vitale vs F D Martin or M. Bell. R Stroup vs W. L Vaughan J T Agmew vs R Waddington SINGLES Sigma Chi vs Pi Kappa Alpha Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Nu or Tau Epsilon Phi.
BASEBALL
Today
Diamond 1— —Ward 3 vs. Ward 2 2— Ward 11 vs Ward lOX 3— Ward 12 vs Ward 32 4— Ward 2A vs Ward 6X 6—Ward 8 vs Ward 5 6— Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 10 7— Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 3 8— Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 6 9— Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 1 10—Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 2
- .K\ Riveter Tennis Team In Home Match Today Launching the vaned program of sports events that are scheduled for Gala Week, Coach Larry LaBree’s varsity tennis squad will face a strong Butler team here this afternoon in its fifth match of the season. The Boilermakers have split even in their four previous encounters, winning decisively over Wabash and Iowa and suffering setbacks at the hands of powerful Indiana State and' Northwestern combination?. Starting with the Bulldog match, the Boilermakers will get down to work for a Gala Week grind. They will face Ball State tomorrow. Armour Tech on Saturday, and DePauw next Monday. Coach LaBree expects the Purdue squad which has been badly hampered by lack of outdoor practice to give a fine showing in this week-end’s matches. In the singles. Coach LaBree will probably rely upon Fuente at number one position. George Alexander, whose smashing overhead and consistent service was the feature of the Riveters’ victory over Wabash, will also play in the single division with Fuente, Blitz, and Mann.
Tau
DOUBLES Omega vs.
Alpha Kappa
Alpha
Lambda
Sigma Alpha l^silon vs Phi Kappa Sigma
This Is BREAD This is a real bread — mother never made any better. It has a flaky, gorgeous crust and texturous, light, gleaming white body. Try a loaf today — you'll note the difference at the first succulent mouthful.
Graves quality Bakery
124 State, W. L.
Phone 3852
Five Squads Compete In Gala Week Sports Card A “five-ring” athletic circus involving three out of the four major sports squads as well as the golf and tennis teams will be on tap for Boilermaker followers here this week end in connection with the annual Gala Week festivities that are expected to attract a throng of alumni from all parts
of the country.
A two-home game series with Indiana’s Big Ten defending champions that may well be the turning point m the Boilermakers’ current title drive will be the “piece de resistance” for the baseball fans; the football fans will watch the windup of the spring season in a regulation intra-squad game, and track followers will be provided what is expected to be an exceptionally close meet with Illinois. Intra-Squad Game In the windup football game, at 3 o’clock Saturday afternoon, in-
WORLirSIFINEST
TOBACCOS Soldbyyourdealer If not. send 10c for sample to John Middle ton, 1211 Walnut Street Philadelphia. Pa., Dept L2
WALNUT Blend 30c
CHOOSE PALM BEACH NOW FROM OUR LARGE SELECTION Double or Single Breasted Double or Single Sport or Tuxedo .$12.50 Plain White Coats $10.75 Tuxedo Trousers $6.00
SOOMAlM ST
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
stead of pitting the freshman members of the squad against the spphomores and jimiors, as has been the custom in past years. Coach Mai Elward has split the entire squad into two groups that are as evenly balanced as possible, the selection having been made without regard to class. Saturday morning at 10 o’clock, sports followers will be forced to divide their attention between the second game of the Indiana baseball series and the Illinois track meet. In addition, the golf squad, which lost a narrow decision to Michigan last week-end, will be tackling the Irish of Notre Dame, while the tennis team will meet its third foe in as many days when it takes on Armour Tech. Five-Star Attraction This week-end’s activities will be launched today in a tennis match with Butler. Tomorrow three rings will be in operation, as the golfers meet Detroit and the tennis troupe stacks up against Ball State while the baseball nine opens against Indiana. Saturday’s five-star attraction involves more baseball, track, football, tennis and golf competi-
tion.
LEARN TO DANCE BY ENROLLING IN IN THE LAST BEGINNER'S CLASS OF THE SEASON FRIDAY, MAY 5th MAKE-UP LESSON 6:45 P. M. P. M. AL^EN, Instructor Indiana's Largest Dancing School PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Peny
>411 the
DWEP?
^aughanS SEEDSJOHN SPERB, Hdw.
•U AAAINST.
PHOMiattfif r r“ i W ¥‘
3[aoctL (Ma.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
yboJticSLlL
Thursday, May 4,1939
\
Puttering Room Group To Hold Excursion Saturday Puttering room, under the leadership of Robert Parks, is holding an excursion along the river south of the village, Saturday, May 6. Work will be done in charcoal, water color, and oil. Everyone is invited whether having had previous work or not. Those attending should meet in the puttering room at 2:00.
3:30—Parade of Business. 3:46—Kraft Saxophone Quartette. 4:00—America’s Hours of Destiny. 4:30—Morey J. Doyle, pianist. 4:46—Story Book Hour.
MISCELLANEOUS
Secretary of Commerce Harry L. Hopkins has been appointed a member of the board of trustees of Grinnell College, his alma mater.
WBAA
“THK VOICK OP PURDUB”
11:00—PTA Program, Health Program. 11:30—Circus Parade. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick Shively 12:30—^Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Newspapers, Prof. Hugh McKee. 1:16—Eugene Finegan, violinist. 1:30—Prof. Frank Hall, Footnotes on the Headlines. 1:45—Edward Foley, pianist. 2:00—The Apothecary. 2:15—State Safety. 2:30—^You and Your Child. 2:45—^Treasure Chest. 3:00—^Afternoon Music. 3:15—Milton Gregory, pianist. «
typewriters, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Bbershoff, 606 Main street.
PAPER HANGING asd cleaning. Phone 4802. Taylor.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Small, square, black pledge pin. Engraved with gold compass points. Phone 31794
FOR SALE
Riding Club: Meeting in the Student Union office at 7 '30 p m Thursday, May 4, to make final arrangements concerning Gymkhana —COOPER
Be ti "dood Sport" in these
COLLEGE SHOP
VoT twilight4o-twelve formality New dancing and dinner FROCKS $2^2-95 $15-95 AND UP TO $29.75
Parties that start around six with cocktails and dancing, proceed to buffet supper at eight, and go on till who knows when. “The Fashion” presents new dresses designed for it.
Movie Staff—The following will please report to the Old Chestnut Room at 4 p. m. Friday, May 6: Charles Milner, Jack Wunderly, Ed Moss, Ernest DeWitt, Bill Heddon, Lawrence Hess, Kay Vemor, and Miriam Gustafson. —LUTZ. GIPE. PIA Chorus for University Sing: Half hour meeting in the Tower room of the Union at 7 ;30 p. m. Thursday, May 4. Please try to attend. —HEWITT.
Sons and Daughters of the Class of 1914: Please call at the booth in the west end of the Union lobby some time in the afternoon Friday, May 5. —ARTER.
Triton Club: Important meeting Thursday, May 4, at 7 p m Open swim and
it'ft ‘
practice for meet^t 8 p. m.
—SPEARS.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Compulsory meeting for actives and pledges Thursday, May 4, at 7 30 p m in the women’s lounge of the Union —BURNHAM.
Motorcycle Club: Meeting in room A of the Union Thursday, May 4, at 7 '30 p. m. —STRIEBY.
WAA Baseball: Thursday, May 4, at 4 p m : Wards 1 and 3 vs. Residence Hall, Pi Phi vs Chi O —COOK
YWCA: This year's cabinet members are invited to the Activities Tea between 4 and 6 30 Thuxsday, May 4, in the Union ballroom —COOLEY.
FOR SALE—1937 Philco car radio, cheap. Buinham Service Station, State and Chaun. cey streets.
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT—Summer session apartment $17 60 month Rooms $7 50 and $5 month. Excellent location Phone 2640.
Scrivener Members: Elections to be held
DANCE Friday Night, May 5 ALLEN’S Chuck Coe's Orchestra Sponsored by Union Veterans and Auxiliary
Christian Fellowship Hour: Meeting in room B of the Union Thursday, May 4, at 7 30 p m All students are cordially invited —BURBRINK.
New Luggage Low Priced! Smart luggage to carry proudly on your travels. Light weight, roomy bags and cases. All the new features at savings.
Overnight Cases Black or brown, 18 to 24-inch size. QQ Beautifully lined In black or brown, color linings to match — with shoe pocket. 18 to 24 S/{ no inch size . Stripes or Tweed Wardrobe Cases With special equipment to hold dresses in shape. RemovS . $10.00
OVERNIGHT CASES to match, 18 to 24-inch size.
Real values
at
$5.00
THiEME & WANGERIN COMPANY
622-626 Main Street
before pledging ceremony Sunday, May 7, at 6:80 p. m. in room 2 of the Union. —JUSTIN.
Student Athletic AssociatioA: Sophompres interested in Junior positions may obtain petitions from 4 to 6:80 Thursday, May 4, in Student Senate office in Union. Petition fee IS $1.00. —FISHBUBN.
Gimlet: Important business meeting Thursday, May 4, at 7:16 at the Phi Delta Theta House. All members and pledges are requested to be present. —SWAN.
May 6. Cost will be twenty-five cents per person. —AYASUN. Freshmen Co-eds: All freshmen co-eds who wish to be included on the sophomore qditorial staff of the Exponent next year meet in room E of the Union Thursday, May 4, at 4:16. Anyone who wants to work on . the paper and has not reported before should attend this meeting. —McKEE.
WAA Tennis: First round class and intramural tournaments should be played off by Friday, May 5. —MATHER.
Modern Dance Club: Rehearsal for Mother’s Day program Thursday, May 4, at 4 p. m. at the Women’s gym. —HICKMAN.
Student-Faculty Tennis Tournament: Matches should be played off as soon as possible. —MATHER.
Sons and Daughters of 1914 Grads: Please see Professor Stain at the 1914 table in the west hall of the Union building Friday, May 6, between 1 and 4 p. m. —STAIR.
4paj Hash ai it Mon
Cosmopolitan Club: All those wishing to go on the picnic Saturday, May 6, at 2 p. m call C. M. Murray, 2174, by Friday noon.
Life Saving: Classes will be delayed one week because of pool repairs. The first class will be Monday, May 8, since the pool is not available on the regular day, Tuesday, May 9. (5-3) —RISSER.
Give Europe its "Black Shirts" and "Brown Shirts"— we'll give you the "White Shirts"—spic and span every week from laundry service as modern as you can buy, yet it costs no more. Once you've tried this dependable, convenient, economical service you'll have no other.
mm tai Pine c l e a‘n ers of fine clothes OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Decker's
On this day (dedicated to Mother youMI want to show her your affection and gratitude wjth a remembrance that sheMI love. From the youngest to the oldest Mother, every one will be hoping for a loving tribute on her own, special day.
A gleam of gold Is a "must" in the wardrobe today—so surprise her on Mother's Day with one of the stunning new bracelets at Decker's. They're rich looking and beautifully patterned, yet modestly priced for all their splendor.
Paris spotlights lovely feminine scents in perfume this season. Fragrances that suggest the flower in an old fashioned garden — the selection at Decker's will capture the heart of the most modern moher, and she'll rate you a wonder - child, if you present her with this lovely gift.
Other suggestins we can make would be books, stationery, chromium, brass and spun aluminum wares or beautiful flowers.
518-520 Main St.
Decker
Phone 6477
Sheer Delights in . CHIFFONS — NETS — LACES MARQUISETTES — ORGANDY TULP — SILK JERSEY
Pi Tan Sigma: Seniors may obtain plaques and magazines from Biise at Acacia house. —HARVEY.
ROTC Members—Corps Day formations for May 2nd and 4th aire canceled. The Corps will be reviewed at 4 p. m., Friday, May 6th as a part of Gala Week exerois^ —MORSE,
Scrivener Subscribers: Following subscribers get their current copies at the office any afternoon before May 6: Buck, Johnson, Gordon, Cassman, Alburn, Page, Strong,
Schafer, Gerstung. .
;PAARLBERG.
English I, Spelling Class and Exam: A spelling class will meet Monday through Friday, May 1-6, at 6 o’clock, In room 101, Education Building. Your instructor will give a make-up test soon after the conclusion of the class. First semester students, with C’b for spelling, whose instructors are no longer here, should come to room 211, University Hall, on Monday a^rnoon. May 8,
at 6 o’clock. —WYKOFF.
I 11
4 1