k
1*'.,. irsTTTsr I,) .>j
4‘> *
All Students Vote On SAA Proposed Changes Today Ballot To Decide Raising Of 4 Minor Sports To Major Athletic Rankings Student Athletic Association will sponsor an all-campus vote today on the five proposed revisions to its constitution which would elevate cross-country, wrestling, tennis, and swimming to the ranks of major sports. Balloting will take place in the old west desk alcove of the Union from 8 a. m. until 5:30 p. m. and will be hapdled by the Student Senate. All students of the University,
according to the SAA constitution, are automatically members of the association and are eligible to vote. Passports will be required. Ralston Details Details of the proposed revisions are as follows: Article 11, S.ection, 4, changed to give a major letter to qualified cross-country men; Article 11, Section 5, changed to make wrestling a major sport; Article 11, Section 6, eh^ged to make tennis a major sport and award major letters; Article 11, Section 7, changed to make swimmin'g a majoy sport. ^The fifth revision would increase the requirements for gaining an award in'swimming, wrestling, apd tennis and set minimum schedules. Minor letters would continue to be available to participants in these sports Who fail to attain the stiifer requirements needed for a major award. Minimum schedules to be provided for would include at least five conference and three non-con-ference meets in wrestling, swimming, and tennis. Big Ten Stuff According to the SAA board, establishment of these changes would place the University’s athletic program on an equal footing with other Big Ten schools, none of whom have the antiquated major-minor set-up used here, f.i.j. ^ Tau Beta Pi Names 33 Spring Pledges Tau Beta Pi, all engineering honorary, last night announced the names of pledges for the second semester. Pledges will take up their duties Friday, April 11, and will remain in action until April 23. An initiation banquet is planned for Wednesday, April 30, according to Frank Montgomery, president of the organization. Pledges with their schools are as follows: Antal, M. J., ChE; Bock, J. S., ChE; 5pnd, R. W., EE; Boughan, R. B., CE; Bradbury, E. J., ChE; Branner, F. M., ChE; Byer, A. W., ChE; Clearwaters, W. L., ME; Chrisman, D. W., EE; Dibos, R. A. EE; Hale, H. W., EE;. Harban, A. A. , ChE; Hayt, W. H., EE; Herr, F. W., ME; Huisken, A. H., ChE; King, G. W., EE; Kusko, A. EE; Lininger, R. B., ME; Lovett, G. H., ChE; Mraz, W. L., EE; Nothmann, G. A., ME; Raab, H. P., EE; Shane, N. A., ME; Skallerup, R. M., PSE; Stahl, L., CE; Stecker, R. B. , EE; Sullivan, W. L., EE; Threlfall, J. B., ME; Topinka, G. F., ME; Wood, F. J., ME; Worthinton, R. E., MetE; Youkey, R. N., PSE; and Zech, W. A., ME. r.l.h.
Fraternity Affairs Office Interviews
Juniors petitioning for positions as officers of the newly-created Fraternity Affairs Office are to report today to room 236 of the Union for their interviews as follows: J. W. McKendrick, 4 p. m.; E. W. McCullough, 4:10; W. Stanton, 4:20; J. H. Sauer, 4:30; L. S. Campbell, 4:40; J. A. Starkey,' 4:50; C. F. Dangelmajer, 5:00; P. Schnedler, 5:10; C. M. Murray, ,5:20; J. R. Day, 5:30.
z-m
In 1889
Dally Sfaicn 1906
Volume 52, No. 152
West Lafayette, Indiana
Choir, Orchestra To Present Cantata Good Friday Night Conyocation Features Stainer's 'Crucifixion' University Choir of 260 voices, accompanied by the University Orchestra of 66 pieces under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, will present “The Crucifixion” by John Stainer, on Good Friday night, April 11, in the Hall of Music at 8 o’clock. The cantata is a meditation on the sacred Passion of the Holy Redeemer, and will be presented by the white robed choir^ in a setting designed and constructed, by Robert Parks, art director of the Union, and Joseph Ragains, assistant director of musical organizations. Final Religious Convo Soloists for the cantata will be tenors, J. Henry Amt and Marvin Smith; baritones, Wallace Woodrow, Charles Powell, James Chase, and Joseph Shepherd; and bass, Donald Pyke. The student body and the general public is invited to attend this concluding service of the convocation for worship series for the year. Doors will open at 7:15. No admission charge will be made, s.j.s. Dr. H. M. James ... of the Physics department, has been asked to speak at the annual meeting of the Mathematics Society to be held in Washington, D. C., May 2 and 3, according to an announcement by Dr. K. Lark-Hof-vitz, head of the department. Dr. James Will speak on the “Application of the Rayleigh - Ritz Methods in the Theory of the Structure of Matter.”
■v-i-FroNi All Fronts-—— Today's Summary Of War News to OWca*o Daily News ForeUtn genricc. Ciapyricht, 1940. Chieaco Daily News, lae • Germans Capture Salonika The Germans have captured Salonika, it was announced officially yesterday in Berlin. It was admitted in London that the big Macedonian port, virtually abandoned by the Greeks, was entered by the Nazis at 4 a. m. • Nazis Split Greece The Germans have split Greece in two, the eastern wing of the Hellenic army, cut off in Thrace, having surrendered.’ A Berlin news agency dispatch was quoted as saying the Greeks had asked for terms. • Slavs Fight In Mountains Yugoslav troops are battling in the mountains, their government announces, in an effort' to prevent German panzer forces from cutting the country in half. The Nazis have swept past Skoplje, which was abandoned, and are advancing toward Albania. • British Not in Action “British forces have not yet gone into action, as far as is known here,’’ cables William H. Stoneman from London, “and on this occasion they are on the right side of the gap that the Germans have made to the sea.” They are said to be waiting the full force of thq attack west of Salonika. • 'Gibe At /.merican Aid' Newspapers and informed circles in Berlin, radios David M. Nichol, “gibed at American aid.” He quotes the B. Z. Am Mittag as saying, “American help is absolutely illusionary.” • British Capture Massaua Massaua, Red Sea port for Asmara, capital of Eritrea, has fallen to the British, London reports. Rome asserts that Italian and German forces are continuing their advance across Libya. • Nazis Blast Coventry Coventry was blasted once more Tuesday night by German air raiders. There were believed to be many casualties. The British returned to the attack on Kiel and bombed other German naval bases. • U. S. Cutters To Britain Ten United States revenue cutters, of 2,000 tons each, have been placed at the disposal of the British and will be in action soon, it was said in London. A White House statement confirmed the fact that a transfer had been made.
Nelson, Metz, Revolta Display Golfing Prowess In Fieldhouse Miraculously Converted Into Links
By John Keeler “If possible, this year’s golf clinic is a 100 per cent’improvement over last year,” stated both Johnny Revolta and Dick Metz last night after they had taken part in the spectacular golf show held as a Jiighlight of the three day clinic. Those two one-year veterans,'along with genial Byron Nelsop, had just arrived late that afternoon, replacing Tommy Armour who had very capably held the fort until their arrival. That the GoH Clinic as put on by the Riveters was of undeniable benefit to all concerned was the unanimous belief of the three newcomers, especially when they saW the' extraordinarily thorough ar-« rangements made in the Fieldhouse. Indeed; only those who were there last night could possible realize tlie resemblance to a golf course which the familiar Fieldhouse floor had attained. Almost, it seemed, there must be a clubhouse with a few caddies around somewhere, and, pex’haps, if this weren’t Indiana, sunshine.
Incidentally, even though queried separately, Byron Nelson, Dick Metz, and Johnny Revolta all seemed fairly sure that today would bring fair weather for the outdoor demonstration. Perhaps they use some sixth sense, but last year, as some may remember, they were greeted on the final day of the clinic by a light and dreary snowfall. Byron Nelson, the tall. Sun-tanned, soft spoken gentleman from Texas, was particularly enthusiastic about the golf clinic %nd the University in general. He shared the opinion of the others that Purdue was to be commended upon taking the initial step in inaugurating what has proved to be a .highly successful venture. - Revolta Chips Out The demonstration last night was started off by Johnny Revolta, who exhibited the art of chipping a ball out of a remarkably realistic looking sand trap onto the green. If Revolta, a gallery favorite everywhere, has one strong shot it is this one; he says with typical lev-
ity, “It has to be strong; I’m in the traps too often.” Following this, Dick Metz and Byron Nelson, using practically every club in the bag, drove ball after ball into a huge target hung from the ceiling. Both Nelson and Metz, who had just returned from the Master’s Tournament at Augusta, Georgia, were loud in their praise of Craig Wood, the new champion. Twelve thousand people saw Byron Nelson trail throughout the tournament a consistantly superb playing Craig Wood who never went over par iif any one round. Tommy Is Modest Tommy Armour, who turned ovey the proceedings to Nelson and Jiis cohorts, left yesterday for Chicago after a parting informal talk to several hundred golfers and students in which, in s;^ite of his reputation as golf’s “Iron Master,” he made the statement that with those clubs he pulled the average number of bad shots; it just seemed to be that people were looking only wh^n he did well.
\
All Sophomores May Petition For Six Junior Activities Bureau Jobs All sophomore men and women
desiring to become candidates for junior positions on the Activities Bureau, regardless of experience in the bureau, are invited to attend a meeting in the bureau office at 4 p. m. this afternoon, for the pur-
pose of discussing petitions. Under the constitution of the Ac-
tivities Bureau any sophomore is eligil^le for a junior job. The only requirehients are a 3.5 index and an approved health grade. Under these circumstances a sophomore who has never worked on the bu- ‘ reau may be appointed to a position provided he can show the electing board that he has the necessary
qualifications for office holding.
Six Jobs Open
Six positions are to be filled by three men and three co-¥ds. Jim Wally, chairman of the bureau office committee, will explain the procedures of interviews, the methods of making out petitions, and information to be included in petitions. Electing will be done by an advisory board of ten. The junior positions carry with them chairmanships of the six Activities Bureau committees: office, 3.5 index, handbook, publicity, personnel data sheets, and freshman interview, t.b.n. ' . Hockema Addresses AAUP On Student Campus Conditions “After you sje Purdue and then the others, you learn to appreciate Purdue,” stated Prof. Prank C. Hockema, assistant to President Elliott, yesterday evening at a dinner meeting of the American Association of University Professors. Prof. Hockema, who returned recently from a two month trip on which he visited 25 universities over the country studying campus conditions, dealt "’mainly with the student and' his teacher in his speech. He pointed out that the teacfiers should teach the students how to think, and that the universities will have to do something about-the number of students they fail. He stated that the universities will have to either fail a great many or permit only a select group to enter the school and thus cut down on the number of failures. The dinner meeting was held in the cafeteria of the Home Econom-.
ics building.
Prof. C. T. Hazard, president of the association on the campus, introduced Prof. Hockema. c.r.ra. Delta Tau Delta . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following ^cers for the coming year: president, William Hepburn; vice president. Burton Anthony; house manager, Charles Yates; pledge trainer, James Mercer; social chairman, David Dittmer; rush committee, Wade Neal, Lyle Osborne, and
Dwight Zeller.
New initiates are: Jesse Ault, Gilbert Chapman, George Heidenrelch, Myrton Jones, Charles Lewis, Arthur Olsen, James Petty, William Speith, Richard Lundquist, and Richard Wunderlich. New pledges are: Robert Boydston, Evanston, HI.; Arthur Hunter, Sou,th Bend, Ind.; William Ludeka, Oak Park, 111.; Paul G. Miller, Louisville, Ky,; and William Schallhorn, Kalamazoo, Mich.
Marian Anderson
Articles By Phillips And Sears Appear In History Dictioftary The University is represented in the new “Dictionary of American History” (now in the reading room of the library)' with; articles by Profs. Robert Phillips and L. M. Sears of the department of history, economics, and government. The - dictionary consists of six volumes including an index volume published by Scribners. ^ “Citizenship,” “Naturalization,” and “Voting” are a few of the longer articles written by Prof. Phillips for the publication. Special reference to Phillips is made in the foreword. Dr. L. M. SeaTs ranks immediately after Prof. Samuel Flagg Baines, of "Vale University, Dana G. Munro, of Princeton University, and Hunter Miller, of the Department of State, in the extent of his contributions to the diplomatic sec,r tions of the dictionary. His chief article was a 1,500 word study of the embargo. Dr. Sears has also written a ^,000 word book review article on “Foreign Policy in the Dictionary of American History” for the March issue of the Journal of Modern History. d.t.b. Agriculturist Name^ Next Year's Business And Editorial Officers La’s! night at a special meeting the electoral board of the Purdue Agriculturist elected major officers for the publication for the 1941-’42 term. Eugene Snyder, South Bend, was selected to head the monthly journal for agricultural students during the next school year as editor-in-chief. The I)oard also, elected the following mqn to offices: Robert Arvidson, Lafayette, business manager; Robert Riggs, Edinbu^, managing editor; and Poster Piscus," Spencer, circulation manager.. The election of minor officers will be announced in the Exponent in the near future, d.t.b. ' Library The University Library will be closed tonight at 7:30 o’clock because of the Conyocation program in the Music Halt
Thursday, AprU 10, 1041
Marian Anderson Will Sing In Music Hall Tonight At 8
Program Includes Negro Spirituals,
* ^
American Melodies
Marian Anderson, intema-tionally-knoWn contralto, will make her first appearance on this campus tonight when she sings in the Hall of Music. The concert will begin at 8 o’clock. Baby Contralto Miss Anderson, who sang at the White House for the King and Queen of England, was bom and reared with her two sisters in Philadelphia’s Negro quarter. Her father sold ice and coal. First public appearance for Miss Anderson was at thei age of six
There will be a reception for Marian Anderson in the Great Hall of the Union imm^iately following the convocation. All are invited to attend.
when she sang a duet with another little girl in the Union Baptist Church. At eight she was announced as “the baby contralto” and earned her first fee of fifty cents. When her father died, twelve-year-old Marian was forced to seek engage- ^ ments, mostly as “assisting artist” to visiting performers. However, audiences soon came to listen to her. From then on, with the help of friends, it was study and imnor ac-) claim. Finally she was given recog-' nition in Europe when Arturo Toscanni said, “A voice like yours is V heard only once in a hundred years.” Immediately she was requested to > make appearances in the States, and now Miss A^^derson is making her sixth consecutive coast-to-coast tour. Unannounced Program ^ In addition to the classics and /Negro spirituals which Marian Anderson always sings, the program, unannounced as yet, will undoubtedly include some new songs and some American songs. Miss Anderson says of the difference between songs, “The light song is flattery. It serves merely to put one'in a pleasant frame of mind. It tickles but does not arouse. It is the serious song that awakens the soul.” 'This would indicate a great variety in her programs, which she is reluctant t^annoimce before the evening of the performance, as she periodically changes’ them upon finHing new good songs. The contralto was asked whether she thought the concert halls were too large. She answered, “For pure singing, yes. But there’s the other - side of the situation. You do like to sing to as many people as wish to hear you. I don’t think that kind of pleasure is ignoble. Of course, you , feel happy when the hall is filled, and it doesn't make you less happy to know the hall seats six thousand.”^ The doors of the Mxisic Hall, which seats slightly over six thousand, will be opened at 7:15 o’clock tonight and passports or season tickets are required for admittance. Single admission tickets will be one dollar each. m.iff. Alpha Lambda Delia HoUs Pledging For Six Women Tuesday evening Alpha Lambda Delta, freshmen womett> honorary,- - held late pledging for Mary Lee Hyde, Jean Yahres, Virginia Lee MacDonald, Dana May Johnson, Dorothy Jane Ragsdale, and Jean Lauer. Last Saturday afternoon 35 fresdimen women were pledged, Reqoireh ment for eligibility to the hmiorary is a fiye point index, eop-m.
ty.? '"'fc
**' # s'.*#' %iMs m^eupL 2-£diiL
Thursdayt April 10, 1941
fijuJuluiL £xfiimttnL
Jimsdif^ JjoUl Speak For Yourself, Henry Yesterday’s papers quoted Vice-President Henry Wallace as saying that the United States has another opportunity to “save the world for democracy.” Further he stated that “the, American people are ready to go to war if their rights are transgressed at any vital points.” Unquote, Henry, you certainly opehed your mouth that time. For several weeks we’ve been trying to think of a good excuse for sending America to war. Not that we want to go to war but we figured as long as we were going anyway it might not be a bad idea to have a reason. And now, Henry, you give us this stale, time-worn, 1917 model of a war slogan. Surely you don’t expect us to rally around that one. Not after we’ve spent twenty years learning that it was a false cry the last time. Haven’t you heard about “Wolf, wolf” or didn’t your primer contain that simple parable? Why not “Make the world safe for Federalism ?” Of course, that doesn’t mean a lot to the average man who hasn’t read “Union Now,” but it would sound different. It would at least indicate that something was going to be done after the war even if it was our own version of fascism. When you say, Henry, that we “are ready to go to war” we wish that you wouldn’t use the editorial “we,” because you are certainly speaking for yourself. It just isn’t fashionable to fight with blueprints or tanks “on order.” Or healthy, either. Don’t mistake us. We aren’t afraid of anything or anybody. Neither are we afraid to fight. But we have to have something to fight for and it would probably be a good idea to have something to fight with.
—TODAY - FRI. - SAT.— TWO FIRST RUN HITS
MK n(Niiis...YiU/iuini
Vm. UWDIGAN-NAN WYNN-RICARDO CORTEZ
WILLIAM BOYD
ft TWO LOOK-A.UKES.-.AND ^ THEIR” LOVELY WIFE! ... Her head told her better—but her heart was seeing double!
I KSSS® llie umwAStii
STARTS TODAY
Senior ME's To Attend SAE Meeting At Capital Senior Mechanical Engineers are invited to attend a joint meeting of the Indiana Section and the Purdue Student Branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers tomorrow evening at Indianapolis. The meeting will be held in tljie Gold Room of the Antlers Hotel. ^Dinner will be served at 6:46 o’clock at a charge of $1.26 a ticket. An open meeting will begin at 8 o’clock. Speakers for the evening will be Mr. La Rue Teel and Mr. W. R. Woodward, who are specializing in Aeronautics, and Mr. M. L. Smitley who is in Automotive Engineering. Mr. Teel will present “Advanced Civilian Pilot Training,” Mr. Woodward will discuss “Purdue’s New Aeronautical Laboratory,” and Mr. Smitley will discuss “Road Testing Three Grades of Fuel.” c.r.m. Phi Kappa Psi . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Bud Olney, East Chicago, 111.; Dick Sweetnam, Boston, Mass.; Bob Billings, Aurora, 111.; Bob DeMars, Indianapolis; Bob McIntyre, Indianapolis; Roger Moynahan, Indianapolis; Charles Marquiss, LaGrange, 111.; Floyd Lawson, Erie, Pa.; and Bill Rosenbaum, Hartford City. The pledging of the following men is also announced: Ward Dillon, Sterling, 111.; A1 Anderson and Dick Long, Glen Ellyn, 111.; Jim Isham, Kokomo; Jack Bahner, Cleveland, 0.; Paul Burkhardt, Xenia, Ohio; Jack O’Connell, Indianapolis'^ Harwood Armstrong, Indianapolip; and Bob Cameron of Hattiesburgh, Miss. faster Sunday . . . there will be a special program in the Music Room beginning at 4 o’clock and lasting until 5 o’clock. The specific program will be announced later. Anyone intei’ested in attending is invited. As usual, the program will be sponsored by the Student Union.
Starts Today TWO FIRST RUN HITS
ANNANEA6LE m DF I In TECHNICOLOR, with 1 I ANTON WALBROOK 1 \ C. AUBREY SMITH I y Billa I 1^^ pyrt oAnin
— PLUS A Glamorous Radio Singer Shot While Millions Listen—Trie Sur^ prise Mystery Hit.
The ^th Colunlill
According to the latest figures Uncle Sam will be able to release to England two million tons of shi]ppihg this year. One million of it as of now. Which should keep Nazi U-Boat captains working full thne for a while. On their present schedule with a forty hour week they will account for approximately three million tons per annum though. And unless the British themselves can make up this deficit. There’s sure to be unemployment before the year is out. * •)• * However, if they do keep up sinking shipping at the present rate. Which is just mildly terrific. And insist on sending three millions tons to Davy Jones’ iocker. First thing we know . . . Davy is going to need another locker. * * * Or he’ll have to clean out the old one. * * * From the newspaper reports we learn that the British are still sleeping in. their bomb shelters with all thumbs up. In fact the position of the thumb in death is gradually taking over the popularity once held by the action . . . Of expiring with one’s boots on.
The Pulrdue Exponent
Knt«red as second elnss natter at the post office in fayette, Indiana, ynder the net of Constreae of March 8, 1879,'al(i4.dt,ttb epeoiaj »te hf postaRe provided .for in seetinn nOS; kM ot OotoblttsT idlt, anfiSoriaed JAnttaty 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regWar academic year and weekly daring the Summer Session. Delivered locally by Carrier for $8.00 per year, mall sub-
scription, $8.60,
Editar-ln-CIiicf. R. W. Donalme BnsineM Manager Merle Hageitieyer Publication Staff News Editor. J. H. McKm Manngtng Editor. D. K. Hfeiple Associate Editors: N. aL Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Trangott. , Business Staff Local Adyertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, B. J. Sba^ord; Circulation Manager, R. M.
Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff
Beth Simpson Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Editor Associate Editors
SiMs.
Editor Associate Editors: Swaim.
Sports Staff J, P. Dolan j. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O.
Which brifigs us to the conclusion that it’s not the British morale that’s being torn down. Just the cities.
Phone: Editorial 400^; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc,, College Publishers Representatives, 429 kto^Bon Ave., New Tork, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Armstrong Day Editor: Siess Issue Editor: Ochiltree Night Sports Editor: Fraser Staff: D. T. Brophy, M. J. Fox, F. I. Jones, S. L. Slesser, M. L. Losey, T. B. Novey, R. R. Runnion, C. R. McIntosh, P. A. Howard, J. H. McDonall, C. Thoniaa,/T. H. Petty, E. C. Young, J. S. Keeler.
It seems then that the British populace is standing up well under fire. But they’ve got nothing on us. After all the Chicagoans didn’t do so bad ... The night Mrs. O’Leary’s cow kicked the lantern over.
Down in the Balkans the latest developments seem to indicate that Adolph is doing a pretty* fair job of giving Musso the helping hand. In fact it might well be said that he has practically combed the Greeks out of Benito’s hair. That is . . . If Benito had any hair.—dkh *
2,600 Hoosiers Enroll In Defense Courses Approximately 2,600 Indiana industrial employees are enrolled in state-wide "defense training courses being given by the University, it was announced yesterday by Professor C. W. Beese. Workers in the Calumet region lead in numbers, making up almost half of the total. The instruction is on a college level with one class a week for twelve weeks. Local instructors make up most of the teaching staff, holding classes here on the campus and throughout the state. Joseph L. Waling, CE '39 Appointed Naval Architect Joseph L. Waling, CE ’39, instructor in the depa];tment of applied mechanics, has received a civil service appointment as naval architect and has left for Portsmouth, Va., where he will assume his new duties in the navy yards.
We Are Now Restoring the VITAMIN Bi Content of Our White Breads to Average Whole Wheat Levels by Using Fleischmann's Hi-Bi Yeast WES mvi BMy
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT,
— AND
GIRL IN 313 FLORENCE RICE" KENT TAYLOR LIONEL ATWILL . Katharine ALDRIDGE
ALSO
Meredith Club Will Elect New Officers Tomorrow Virginia C. Meredith Club, home economics organization, will hold its annual election of officers tomorrow from 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. in the Home Economics building. Nominees are: for president, Jane Blank and Betty Brown; for vicepresident, Doris Rockwell and Mabel Vaughan; for treasurer, Sally Beal and Jane Ward; for senior representative, Mary Bailey, Marjorie Williamson and Rosemary Anderson; junior representative, Dorothy Arvidson, Jeanne Anne Burkholder and Doris Bower; sophomore representative, Elizabet;h Baughman and Jean Bruckman. All members of the club ai:e expected to vote, m.1.1. Solberg, Staff Members Attend Power Conference Professor H. L. Solberg, head of the school of mechanical engineering, and members of-the mechanical engineering staff attended the Midwest Power Conference held in Chicago yesterday. Those in the group included Prof. E. N. Kemler. Prof. W. J. Cope, J. A. Hardy, N. Nulik, and A. R. Spaulding.
Tau Epsilon Phi . . . social fraternity, announces 'the election of the following officers: Ai’thur Cohen, chancellor; Albert Katz, vice chancellor; Maurice Bernhard, Scribe; Haskell Metz, bursar; Robert Shanhouse, social chairman; Yale Shaevitz, chaplain; Stanley Abrams, warden; Robert Kahn, steward; Harold Glazer, athletic jnanager; Alan Arkin, assistant bursar; Asher Levin, assistant scribe, Albert Katz, rush chairman; Harold Glazer, house manag^*. m.1.1. Kappa Alpha Theta . . . social sorority, announces the initiation of the following: Esther Kirkhoff, Jane Adams, Mary Fleager, Virginia Goss, ^Mary Ellen Kirkpatrick, Mary Edith Kohl, Virginia Lee MacDonald, Mary Jane Dayton, Ruth Frier, Ann Garland, Janet Glatz, Kathryn Hawkins, Judith Horner, Mary Lee Hyde, Mary Catherine Kern, Emily Lloyd, Jean Lauer, Betty Ann McCreary, Jerry O’Niel, Ann Ostrander, and Lucinda Redwine.
WINNERS OF THE WEST Serial FIRST RUN NEWS
Have you seen the new selection of spring suits that is now being shown at Gullion’s? There are lots of slack suits and sport coats too — just what yon have been looking for. Drop in and see ’em Today.
PHONE 2237
316 STATEthurddlay/April 10, 1941
Hdtioes
MB 31 C'a anii L’s Makc*np: Final for C: and i KradeB in any division of ME 81 will be s^iven Satardby, i\prii :12, at 1 jS. m. in room 101, Mechanical EngineerinB BdildinB--KEMLBR.
■' #iA i l^aseball . practiced . yiriil be held Monday, April 7; Wednesday, April 9; and Friday,. April 11. Two j^ractlces required for poiats. • Meet in the kym reKardless of the weather.* -GOOBER
Senior Military Students: SiKn up on the bulletin board in the Armory for appbint- : ment to have pictures taken. . . - - 4.^19 —JOHNSON Newman. Club Contact Committee: The follovHhtr members will meet at 4 ft. m. Thursday, April 10, ^ in room' 802 of the tliiion; Bivan, Lanuti, Ford, Lbwey, Liiers, Hannon, Ens, Clark, Moser, Taylor, Walz, Siilker< Benna. Please brine money and ticket: ' —McCONAHAY
GB 351;, Examination for removal of condition April 12. * Make a'rraheements in room 202 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, Apr U 11. -^WEN. Sdiphomore Activities Bureau. Workers: Petitions for, sophomore workers in the Activity Bureau , are due on the 16th. Any questions you have, see me. —WALtY.
Egg Actifi Af Meetii^^ On New Law Enforceitient At A iitifeeting 6f fh6 Anaiank Presli Ekiir fi'Sard' held Tuesday at the University, steps were taken toward enforcing the new fresh egg law, ertacted at the last session of the Ihdiana (rfeherkl Assembiy. Thad Macy is president'of the board, P. Smyth i^ vice-president, and W. S. Greenoujgh and Mrs. Lawrence Arhsman are representatives of the consumers of the state. Also on the board are A; M. Feist, L, V. Schmidt, and Dr. J. Holmes Martin, of the University staff, m.1.1. • ■ '
6 p. m. today in YWCA office: dinner in Union afterwards. ' —BRYANTv
Riveter Trackmen: AMiivents Gordner Gives Hints
Junior Prom Committee: Important meeting at 4 p. m. today in room 260 of the Union. —WOLEF.
Silver Mask: Meetine Thdrsday, April 10, 4 ;30 p. m. in fencing room at the Field house. All actives and pledges please be there. -^WEGENER.
Advanced Course Military Students: Pay will be distributed at 1 p. m. Friday, April 11, at the main office of the Armory. —AYERS.
All Fencers: Silver Mask is sponsoring a tonrhey on' Saturday, April 12. All men who have not fenced in any. tourney on . the ca.mpus are eligible. Sign up in the fencidg room ..at the Fieldhouse Tuesday, April 8, or Wednesday, April 9. —WEGENER.
Senior Military: Associated Military Stores will display military .clothing and equipment in Armory supply room between 8 a. m. and 6 p. m, Thursday, April 10 and Friday, April ll. —brown.
PIA Chorus: Rehearsal Thursday, April. 1(), has been postponed until Tuesday, April lA at 7 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. ■ —SMULEVITZ.
Christian Student ' Fellowahip: Meeting . Thursday, April 10, at 6:45 p. in. In' room 807 of the Union. Note change of time because of convo. Dismiss by 7:80. -DONG.
All,..Sophomore Activities Bnreau Wbrkersr^eetink to discuss Thursday, April lO, 4 p. m. Everybody be there. —WALLY.
PIA Members: Sophomores and juniors interested id petitioning for position's of vice-president, secretary, and treasurer may still turn in petitions to the P. 1. A- office by 4 p. m. Friday, April 11. Electibns will be held Tuesday, April 16. —MUSSBR.
Sknll and Crescent: Meeting Thursday night, 7:80 p. m. in Room 808 bf the Union. We will discuss our neophytes. LANIUS. •
'■ Purdue Christian Fund: Sunrise Service and breakfast at Happy Hollow Easter morning. Meet at l26 Chauncey at 6:30 a. m. If you are not' signed up and want to go, call iBick Smith at 61191 or 4393. —SMITH.
POMM Fledges: Meeting at the Armory, Thursday, April 10, at 7:16 a.* m. Wear uniforms. —YEAGER.
Gold Peppers and Pledges: There will be no meeting Thursday, April 10. —HAGEMEYER.
Radio Clpb Members: Order, your membership pin by paying deposit at meeting Tuesday, April 16. FREED.
Etn Rsppn Nu Actives and Pledges:.Formal initiation, at 4 p. m. Friday, April 11, in reading room of EE Building. Bring initiation fees. ' —HOLCOMB.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, April 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room 134 EE building.'M. T. Reynolds will give a demonstration lecture, on “Simplified Field Strength Measurement for the Amateur." A radio equip-’ ment exchange will also be held. —FREED.
Catalyst Actives and Pledges: formal initiation will be Wednesday, April 16i at 7:16 p. in. at the Chem and Met Building. Sign up for the paaty in Dr. liovell’s office before Tuesday noon. —BERGSTEDT.
Classified
WAA; Archery call-out Thursday, April 10, at 4 p. m. Meet at Jhe archery cabinet. - —JOHNSON
Intramural Baseball: Anyone in 'Ward 13 desiring to play baseball call 66108 and leave your name. —OLDS.
Cantsra Club: No meeting Thursday, April 10, because of convo. Discussion of Gala Week exhibit next week. , ■ —TOWLE.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and need, for sale, rent and repaired. All makee ..of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779. . ' For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for ail occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407. ' Lost: Black wallet containing driver’s license, and two passports. Call 8421,. Bill Bell. Re'ward.
Lost: Red leather purse.'Turn in at check room. Reward. Leave name.
YWCA: Cabinet members installation at
Lost: Bulova wrist watch in Chem Annex. Call 2604.
WET W E A T HE R PRO T EOT / OH . CriEfiMlSTRY’lli sensatiobial/ y ACHIEITEMENT y
(Trademark) Made from "Vtnyitte" Brand Reiint i j RAINCOATS
• iVetv uxiterproof elastic plasHc—also mold and mUdew-ptwiif • No rubberl made of natuind gast coal, sedt and water • Odorless, unaffected ly agfi, noh-inflananabh, washaMe % Transparent, color fast, fade-prtiof, acid-proof, cradi'procf • Quality tailored: well reinfmved, roomy cut, waterproof seams, raglan sleeves, anchor^ buttons, underarm ventUators • Practicdl colors: clear and broum, For iuirazmg durability and g4R>d looks, yoa?ll Agree th&]r*re w«U worth the price. Sizes: 34, 36, 38,40. Choose youra todayl
Street Floor — Front
Outdoor activities for the Riveter cindermen get under way this Saturday at East Landing, Michigan when they engage the Michigan State squad in a dual meet. A little brbWh jiigi now deposing in the Fieldhouse trophy ease by virtiife of last year’s 69-63 -win over the Spartans, symbolizes the track rivalry between the two institutions. First presented to the victorious team in 1938, it was won in both that year- and in the succeeding year by Michigan State. Thus the Riveters hope to even the series in addition to retaining the little earthen memento of their success. Hhlderman Will Run Captairi^Ed Holderman, middle distance ace, will lirohably run the mile Saturday in addition to possible relay duties. Bob Jar'vis is a tentative starter in both the halfmile and mile events. While Riveter fans will be counting on points jErom Hblderihan, Dave 'Rankin, Jake Weber and others, Michigan State adherents are probably already chalking up the points which they believe their star high jumper and broad jumper, Arrington, will annex. Last year he leaped 6 ft. 4 in. and 24 ft, respectively in these eyents. Some twenty thinly clads will make the trip to the Wolverine statd'. The following week-end the Boilermakers compete in the Kansas Relays, e.c.y. MerleMcClure ... of the Engineering Experiment. Station, Was in Monticello Tuesday evening to speak to the lumbermen of northwestern Indiana on “Vapor Condensation in Homes,” He gave the results oif experiments at the University in studying home insulation and described methods worked out to overcome the moisture problem in this connection.
InAnnualGalacade The National Junior A, A. U. 160 yard individual medley for men will take the spotlight in the Fieldhouse pool on Friday night. May 2, when the annual Galacade, sponsored byv the Dolphin Club, will be presented to the public. Coach Dick Papenguth, Boilermaker swimming coach, is in charge of the eVent which will be one of the big attractions of Gala Week. Four Mid-, States and three Indiana A. A. U. titles will Jbe put on the block and six open races will fill out the pro-
gram.
Plenty of Events The Mid-States titles which will be fought over are the 100 yard back stroke, 100 yard free style, 100 yard breast stroke for men, and the 100 yard breast stroke for women. Swimmers from all over the state will see action in the Indiana A. A, U. events which include the 440 yard free style for men, the 100 yard free style for women, and the IQO yard back stroke for wome.n. To supplement the A, A. U. races. Coach Papenguth has scheduled six open events, including a Galacade diving, championship for men. The remaining five events have been divided into age classes. The program will include a 220 yard free style for boys 14 and under; 50 yard breast stroke for boys 13 and under; 50 yard back stroke for boys 16 and under; 220 yard free style for boys 16 aiid under, and a 50 yard free style for girls, 12 and
under.
Entry Deadline The deadline set for turning in entry .Mariks is April 29. The blanks may be obtained from Dick -Papenguth. Riveter^ swimming coach.
j.d.f.
Getting a job is just another way of saying selling your personality was the sentiment expressed by “Abie” Gordner of Indianapolis, speaker at the annual Alpha Zeta employment lecture for agriculture seniors. Gordner emphasized the idea that a pferson seeking a job must know the bill of goods that he intends to sell. He must know what he can do and must choose his aim carefully. Under the process of getting a job “Abie” listed a number of steps; make a list of prospects; find out all you can about the prospective job to see if you have what it calls for; contact the firm by application letter or have someone introduce you to the personnel director; and sell your personality. Interviewing Points Some points on interviewing given by Gordner were: dress like the person you to go see; be bright, alert and cheerful; don’t be impatient when you have to wait; act natural; be clean and neat; don’t chew gum
EniomdogyGrou^ Hears PaulT. Iff Alan Paul T. Ulman, of the State Board of Entomology, addressed the arinual entomologist’s dinner last night in the east faculty lounge of the Union. He spoke on the general toiiic of “Plant Quarantine.” The dinner, attended by approximately 60 persons was sponsored by the Thomas Say Entomolog;^CIub, Among those present were members of the Entomology Club, University staff members, and members of the federal bureau of entomology in Lafayette. Chairman Bob Mullett acted as master of ceremonies, and led some enthusiastic community singing, j.h.m.
or smoke unless invited; remove your hat; don’t sit on the desk; don’t play with objects on the desk; have references ready if asked for; tell the man whom you use for a reference. The main idea to Gordner’s talk seemed to be exressed in the words of a sign on a mud road which he once saw: “Choose your rut carefully, for you’ll be in it a long time.” t.b.n.
Officers
. . . of the dairy club were elected at their regular meeting ^st" Tuesday night. They will take office next year and, include: William Brown, president; Marion Topliff, vice-president; Felix West, secre-tary-treasurer, and Buford Butler, publicity manager.
DANCING CLASSES OPEN STUDENTS AND CO-EDS — ENROLL NOW BEGINNER'S APRIL 16tli V 7:30 P.M. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS —• ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS APRIL 17tli, 7:30 P. M. INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL P. M. ALLEN, NATIONALLY KNOVfN INSTRUCTOR ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry Sts. f^one 2150
How To Make Every Gfiair ' An Easydiair
' I "’HE neatest way to send ■ wrig^es and squirms packing is to get yourself into Arrow shorts. They’re the most comfortable made! They don’t crawl up your lep,j they have ho center seam, and they’re extra roomy. Furthermore, they stay that way because they’re San-forized-ShruhkTfsbric shrinkage less than 1%). Get Arrow Shorts with Gripjpers today.
Shorts, 65c
To|>s, 50c
jIMOH' underwear
Besides Your Favorite Arrow Shirts
We Carry ARROW UNDERWEAR
41G MAIN
416 MAIN
w makiug iri^t rnil^essioh ^on the right pehpl^^ tiie right time. Wrinkle-r^sisthnt, wash^le, softer to the skin*., and grand mixers with odd sMbks ahd shorts eh^ts. At your cipthier—today Palm Beach lEveimig T'ormajb ( white jacket and black tixiusers) * $20. Palm Beach Slacks, $5.50. And by the same hiakeirs, the new GoodaU ixopic Weight —tops in lightweight worsteds—$25, GOQPALL COMPANY • CINCINNATI
43250 Prise Canieist. See your clothier fw detaOa,'M
P/^pi ^SpOfdA
Thursday, April 10, 1941
fiwidwL £xpomfj£
'I
Riveters Open Season Today Against Retro Dame
End Annual Golf Clinic Today Ijelson, Metz, Revolta To Appear In Outdoor Links Exhibition; Professionals Move To Russell Field For Golfing Demonstrations
The second University Golf Clinic will reach the end of its successful three day stand, this afternoon at 3 o’clock, when a quartet of outstanding professional golfers troop but to Russel Field to show the public why they deserve their high reputations in the golfing world. The outdoor demonstration of golf technique and precision shooting is aimed to stimulate interest in the game and give help to the spectators whose game isn’t
all that it should be.
Fearsome Foursome ————————————
The skillful foursome will consist of Byron Nelson, P. G. A. champ, Tommy Armour, Dick Metz, and Johnny Revolta. Each of the four IS well known in golfing circles and their activity in the numerous tournaments that fills a twelve month season has given them
Ah Irishnan's lllusiois
the title of “big money winners.” With the west end of the Fieldhouse turned into a miniature golf course, Byron Nelson and Dick Metz spent a busy two hours, last night, with their hands full of students, eager to receive their personal attention. The Fieldhouse
the Purdue Exponent 0 Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
^ Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Mam Sts Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Hardware
• jewelers
If It's Hardware We Have It Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 50^ Main St.
As Modem ___ mWOUHER
* .. * Dated Laundering! The ultimate in laundering! Fabric preserving washing solutions... cleanliness... protective methods .. . that enable us to guarantee shirts, the article of apparel usually first to show wear. It Costs No More! - Wear Dat^t^SMrts
CROWN lAONDRY-DRY ClEANINt Pboae 407.3
floor was covered with a layer of green sawdust and a collection of imitation bunkers, sand traps, and greens upon which the pros romped through an exhibition of eye-open-ing shot making. A large net was stretched across the width of the Fieldhouse to snare the sizzling drives and iron shots of Nelson and Metz. Talks Continue Today’s lectures will consist of talks and discussions on publicity, golf literature, caddy training and supervision, and research methods. The attending gathering of 300 pros, coaches, and business men connected with golf have found this part of the clinic’s program not only novel but also very helpful. The clinic’s forums are the most important part of the program, and although they do not receive the attention paid to the shows put on by the visiting professionals, it is the educational angle that is responsible for the clinic’s success, j.d.f. Announce Members Of New YWCA Cabinet Announcement of new YWCA cabinet members was made yesterday by the YWCA office. They are: Cahsta Creel, Caroline McCreery, Dorothy Hague, Beth Partenheimer, Betty Evans, Isabelle McCaulory, and Lois Veidt Members who were retained from last year’s cabinet are: Betty Moelfle, Chancellor Ball, Alice Reed, Jane Julin, and Helen Stallings. The new members will meet at the YWCA office today, at 5 o’clock for installation services, and will have dinner together in the Union afterwards. These members were chosen by officers, with the advice of Miss Goolidge. s.j.s.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Yesterday afternoon, having nothing to do but study for a couple of tests for today, we packed our typewriter in hand and went to the golf clinic to learn how to get our score below 100, and while waiting for the golf classic to start, we managed to catch Sarge Phillips, quaitei master for Purdue’s athletic equipment. —I-I— Sarge is a hard man to find, as he spends most of his time in the lower regions of the fieldhouse—^the sub-sub basement. Here he is master of all he surveys—sweat socks, “T” shirts, G-strings, sweat shirts, and hundreds of shoes . . . besides helmets, shoulder pads, thigh pads, shoe strings, and towels. -I-I— Sarge is a past master of human psychology, as he is faced with lying tongues every day. And the manner in which Phillips keeps Purdue equipment without making too many enemies is something to marvel at. —I-I— I give you an example: The interfraternity track meet is scheduled. A track man on the varsity comes busting into the equipment room with a smiling (and siding) look on his face, because “Coach Phillips has said he can have a new pair of shoes.” The guy has never told Sarge a he before; so Sarge gives him a new pair of shoes of size seven. The athlete leaves and Sarge turns to the file cabinet to mark the check out and finds that the last pair of shoes that Mr. Athlete checked out were of size nine. —I-I— Going about it as simply routine, Sarge knows as well as you and I that footsies don’t grow in reverse; so he proceeds to open Mr. Athlete’s
Veteran Irish Nine Tests Fehring's Green Squad Thirsting for revenge, Notre Dame’s Fightin’ Irish are in town. They are here to help the Riveters pry off the lid of the regular season schedule this afternoon at 4 o’clock, and incidentally, to try to win a ball game for themselves. In contrast to the veteran team which the Irish will put on the field, Coach Dutch Fehring’s starting nine will be dotted with sophomores and other performers who have seen little service to date. Only two experienced players will start the game if Fehring sends sophomore Walt Leifheit to the hill. ' Sobek Out
Hammond’s George Sobek, flashy eager and regular second sacker, will not be in the line-up because of a knee injury incurred during last year’s basketball campaign and aggravated this year. His place will be taken by a sophomore, Fred Gore. ^ Otherwise the South Bend crew will pack plenty of experience. At short is Ray Pinelli, one of the nation’s better shortfielders, a son of National League umpire “Babe” Pinelli. The son of another arbiter in the senior loop, Bill Stewart, Jr., will start the game in right fleld. Nowicki To Start Coach Jake Kline has announced
locker and lo and behold there are the “9’s” but the “7’s” are gone. Sarge doesn’t tell the coach, but goes to the kid personally and demands the under-sized shoes— which the* athlete has borrowed for a fraternity brother to use in the Greek meet. Sarge gets the shoes. -1-1— Before coming to the athletic department, Sarge was a member of the Purdue Field Artillery instruction corps. He was in the army for a period of 27 year's, leaving in 1936—only to be grabbed by Noble Kizer, then head of the athletic department. Nobe thought that Sarge could handle athletic equipment like a quartermaster dishes out khaki clothes. -1-1— The military department gets a deposit, so it doesn’t care what’s swiped; the athletic department doesn’t get such a deposit, so its stuff gets hooked.
Food Quality ... Means Health and Contentment . . • That is why ' lAjnimL QafsdsumL Specializes in Fresh, Wholesome Food that is '1 Satisfying and Enjoyable to Eat JhsL Pu^duiLT^lmuyued,'Union. Corner of Campus Yet the Center of Activities
Sebastian (Subby) Nowicki, a junior, as his pitcher. This boy is a threat at the plate, also, and will hit seventh in the batting order. Bernie Crimmins, erstwhile fullback, will start behind the bat. Either Don Blanken or Leifheit will take the slab against the Irish. Blanken took the measure of the invaders last year, 3-2, in 12 innings, although aided by Bob Bailey. Leifheit showed plenty on the southern trip, so either one can be expected to cause the Ramblers trouble. New Outfield None of the starting outfielders have ever started a game here before, two of the trio. Bill Carson and John Janisch, being sophomores. Mike Byelene, the third man, has heretofore confined his spring activities to carrying footballs up and down Stuart Field. Harry McFerren, second baseman, is the lone regular starting in the infield. Chuck Rawles, who will open at the hot corner, is a junior, but didn’t see much service last year because of the presence of Felix Mackiewic?, the team’s leading slugger, now working out with the Philadelphia Athletics. More Sophs Forrest McCaffrey, a sophomore, will start the contest at first base and either Dick MyerS or Walter Cook, also second-year men, will get the call at short. Slated to catch either Blanken or Leifheit is the team’s captain, the second veteran starting. Bud Fisher. A win would give the Riveters three straight wins over Notre Dame, e.c.y.
EORTUNE B. & W. Sboe Cl. 121 N. 4th St.