^ I ./\' ’ ‘ Published Daily %Sltidents Of i^diieUiiiver'sit)r"'\ ' ' VOLUME xivn> ‘ '' ■'< /’ * LAFAYECTE^ INDIANA, tHUItSBAY, APIUL ^]im ' ^
60 Voice Choir
Vnusiud^ Interest Shown By Student Body In Peace Strike; Speakers Are Applauded I ByE.H.Moms “Propaganda is already organized, down to the smallest d tail, for campaigning the next war,” stated Stan Trefil, instrucr tor , in the University speech department, “and some of the best brains in the country are behind it.” Speaking before
Comments On Peace Strike Students Express Opinions Of American Student Union Protest Ppllowittg tlie A^^ U^ioxv “peace; strike’V several deiits Were contacted and the foL ■ lowing opinions were expressed: Dorothy. Khcdui,- VScV ’37-^"yery much to the point. I thought it was effective and believe that more education is needed along those lines.” Ei®hard Robbins, Sc; '36,—•“there wasn’t any strike. All there, were definitely for peace. The speakers were sincere and their viewpoints intelligent. Anything that such an organization can actually do toward world pealce would be endorsed by student military organizations.” j Keith Farr, Ch. E. ’36—“their: ideas were very good and it is too j bad that everyone couldn’t attendsuch a meeting.” Carl Lindquist, Ch. E. ’36^“good intentions, with' evidence of progress—-but still in-| effective.” F. K. Howard, Sc. ’37-r-j “I’m all for it. I don’t believe it did any harm and if it did any good—fine.” Helen Hail, H. E. '36—“speeches were interesting and I was surprised that so many students were there.” Joim T. King, Ch. E. ’36---“thought Trefil unpatriotic. Seemed like they might be building up a little radical touch.” Rv P. Nikolich, C. E. '36—“fine in theory, but will it work?” Ruthjeanne Carr, H. E. '38—^“it was very good—made me think.” Wes Dwight, M. E. '37:—“a good idea, but impractical.” William Hoffer, M. E. ’36---“fine speeches, but they missed the real point at issue.” Katheryn Means, H, E. '39— “last speaker was pseudoTforceful.” Herman Hersh, Ch. E. '37—“nothing concrete was done nor can be done before opposition ainses. The spirit and idea are to be encouraged.” Williqm Keenan, C. E. ’37-— “things like this meeting are necessary to bring about a world movement.” Margaret Richey, Sc. '38—“fine idea but speeches Were Weak—in fact the Whole thing was weak.” W. H. MacPherson, M. E. '36—“I’m always ready to listen to anyone who can offer a concrete peace plan, but I don’t thing the A. S. U. has more than a poor psychological solution^” Hiigb Forster, P. S. ,E. '38—“no new ideas for peace were advanced, however, the speakers presented a clear, concise, and condensed report of the important arguments for peace to date.”
peace protest in Eliza Fowler Hall yesterday. “The purpose of this propaganda is to make you feel cowardly,” Treiil continued. Hie outlined the four things found in all wartime propaganda, (1) insult to national honor, (2) “the wolf is at our door,” (3) cries of “coward, slacker, traitor, etc.” and (4) the glorious picture of. heroes, stirring music, and flags marching off to “Save the country’’; ■ VUlhiOT/Speakers' V R. W, Strauss, M. B; • ’36, spoke oh the possibility of a permanent peace, using several biblichl parables for comparison. “Even in war we’ve progressed,” he Said, “because fewer were killed per thousand pariicipants in the World War.” Going further he stated that war was like slavery, and Witchcraft, and could be abolished. K. B. McEachron, E. E. ’37, also spoke, giving the disadvantages and results of the World War. The meetr ing opened with the singing of “Hail Purdue”. , The meeting was very quiet and ord.erly and enthusiastic applause followed at the conclusion of the speeches. There was no heckling from the audience. Contrary to last year’s demonstration on the Umon steps. ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
Mmnesota Choar To Give
Aw Shucks! By the Roving Reporter. In its regular meeting last night the W. S. G. A. executive board denied a petition of the Proni committee to extend the breakfast hours following the Prom from 5 to 6:30. The judicial board had previously recommended that the petition be denied. ' The Prom will end at 3, Girls must be in by 4, and breakfasts must be finished by 6. That’s aU folks.
FRATERNITY SING
Fraternities desiring to enter the Mother’s Day sing should get in touch with Jim Shoemaker within the next two days. The sing will be held on May 9.
S. M. Marks was awarded first place by the popular vote of his fellow English students in the Speech 14 final elimination contest on the merits of his delivery, vigor, and quality of speech. Second place was taken by G- W. Odell, with third place going to W. R. Fenstermaker. Nearly 500 students attended the contest given last night in Eliza Fowler Hall. Mr. L. S- Winch, chairman of the contest committee, introduced each contestant and gave the settings under which each speaker would give his talk. Blanks were given to everyone to fill out concerning certain particulars on each speaker, and who he thought Was the best of the seven final contestants. Other contestants were A. Buckles, G. W. Smith, R. M. Sasser, and H. H. StoUaker.
4'H Round-Up Opens In May Approximately 1,800 Youths Expected Plans are well under wa^ to pror vide a very entertaining three days for the eighteenth annual Indiana; 4-H club round-up, to be held here on May 6, 7 and 8. Approximately 1,8001 boys and girls, winners in various agricultural and home ec6nonaics clubs, are expected to attend the interesting program prepared by the University club department. The program includes registration to start in the Union Building on Wednesday morning. May 6, ^at 8 o’clock, and the morning and aft-; ernoqn sessions will be devoted ito judging contests and demonstrsitions, while the Sessions of Thursday and Friday will be given Over to finishing up the various scheduled contests, special programs, musical entertainment, and banquets for Indiana’s bright and shining youth. Open House On W'ednesday evening, the engineering, science a*^d pharmacy schools will hold open house. Thursday night the Animal 'Husbandry and Dairy clubs wiU give the Purdue Livestock Revue in the Judging Pavilion, and Friday evening will include a special musical sing. Also appearing on the program will be exhibits in the many departments of agriculture and home economics. Dr. 0. F, Hall, of the education department, will speak on “Family Relationships”.
Will Meet Here Representatives of the Baptist students of Indiana and Purdue Universities will meet here Saturday and Sunday in a get-together to discuss problems Confronting young people today. They will include a discussion of national issues, race prejudices, economic conditions, and the church and war. There will be a dinner in the Uafion Saturday evening and later a party at Professor Wiley's residence at Shadyridge. Sunday morning Professor Otis Trimble will lead the regular student class. A full program of events will be published in Saturday’s Exgmnent.
Pr. Parfitt Speaks i.a'' ZgIsl -- Bacteria iii Dairying Is Topic of Address. “Soirt'e of the Contributions of Dairy Bacteriology” was the subject discussed last night by Dr. E. H. Parfitt, of the dairy department, before a meeting of Alpha Zeta, national agricultural honorary fraternity. Dr. Parfitt emphasized the growing part that bacteriology is playing in the dairy industry, and briefly outlined its history in the development of the various milk products. Among the products discussed were market milk, butter, cheese and canned milk. Also, included in the talk was a discussion of . the quality control measures used in the dairy industry; Dr. Parfitt stated that more naoney was being spent in the control of dairy products than any other food product.
Miss Gertrude M. Adams, '24, has been named home demonstrater of Benton county, effective May 1. Miss Adams spent two years immediately following graduation as manager of Y. M. G. A, cafeteria at Evansville and for the past ten years haS been teaching home economics at Hagerstown.
PiTau Sigma Names
Pi Tau Sigma, national mechanical engineering honorary, announces the pledging pf the following men: H. F. Aiitonini, G. W. Buenting, H. L. Coplen, S. D. Daniels, R. F. Egnor, H, J, Geder, P. A. Grossman, G. L. Klaiber, L. G. Kreiser, G. W. Martin, R. R, Stewart, W. B. O’Neal, L; E. Parker, N. J. Pultz, P. H, Vemor, P. G. Wahl, B. W. White, P, G. Wray, J. W^ Wright. V\
The Rome prize competition in classical studies conducted by the American academy in Rome was won by a Yale and a University of Pennsylvania student.
ANNOUNGES pledging Phi Kappa Sigma announces the pledging of Ralph Weisehan, of Brecksville, Ohio.
Omierpn Nil Alumnae Club Dines At Home Of Mrs. King Mrs. P. G. King was hostess at her home, 408 RusSell Street, for a supper last evening at 6 o*<do<^ given by the Omicroh Nu alunanae club for their faculty members, actives and pledges. Gladys Hass, Lois Hixon, Zedia Jacobson, Lillian Murphy^ Amy SCriven, Alice Stair, Mary Tyler, and Mary Wilson were recentiy pledged by Omicron Nu, honorary home economics organization..
Present Religious And Polk Music St. Olaf -College's world renowned a cappella choir ondeir
St. OlaFs sixty voice choir which will sing tonight in Eliza Fowl^ Hall at 8 o’clodk. ' The Lutheran group, directed by Dr. F. MeMus Christianseh,lias 'been ;hOTalded} aa one of the great units in the musical world. St. Olaf College located in V Northfield, Minni^ota, was founded a half ^iCdntury; ago. ^;
SOMake Inspection Trip Of MakPlants Twelve members of the dairy option of the school of agriculture, accompanied by Dr. E. H. Parfitt, of the dairy department, spent last Monday and Tuesday in Cbicago on an inspection trip of a number of Ghicago dairy plants. The purpose of the trip, was primarily to study the market milk situation as it exists in Ghicago, and to study the quality control measures Used by the Ghicago plants. On Monday the gi’oup, accom panied by a guide from the De Laval Separator -Gompany, visited three of the large plants operated by the Bowman Dairy Company, and one plant operated by Wanzlers’. ' ■ - Tour ■ Oh Tuesday, a tour of the Chicago board of health laboratories was made, and the gfroup made a study of the milk control ordinance that is now in effect in Ghicago. Other places visited were the mik plants operated by the Huhding and Bor-, den-Weiiand companies and the offices of the Chicago Pure Milk Association. Those making the tour were R. H. Deitrich, R. W. Gingrich, C. M. Hardin, R. L. Holdeman, E, Mikklesen, J. L. palmer, C. W; Quiggle, P. H. Roll, W. B, Schlosser, F. J. Babel, E. Ross and F. A. Burwell. Women’s Pan Group
Following a custom of several years, the Lafayette Pan-Hellenic Association will h61d a luncheon at 1 o’clock Saturday in the Memorial Union ballroom for active and alumnae members of all sororities on this campus as“ well as repi’esentatives of other national women’s Greek organizations. Mrs. De Marchus Brown, Indianapolis, and Mrs. Justus :Rising, West Lafayette, wifi address the group following the luncheon. Mrs, Brown, who is a member of Pi Beta Phi, has chosen as her subject “The Lady of Godey’s”, while Mrs. Rising, prerident of the UnL versity/advisory council for fraternity women, will read a report on the National Pan-Hellenic Congress held last summer. . Tickets, priced at sixty cents each, may be obtained from PanHellenic Council Tepresentatives or from alumnae representatives ; of the Lafayette Pan-Hellehic Association.
part program of religious music and folk melodies in Eliza Powle^Hall tonight at 8 o’clock. The choir is being broughthere through the efforts of the University musical organiza-
tions. ,
Tickets to hear the world famous choir may be obtained at 60 cents, 76 cents, and $1.00 at a special desk in the Memorial Union Building today from 4 to 6 p. m. and after 7 tonight at the door of Eliza Fowler Hall. ; 6Q’''Meinbers: r:.;/;: The St. Olaf choir has receiv^ Risk praise from; muric critics all over the world and; Dr. Ghristianseii is recognised as one of the greatest living “kapelmeisters”. The 60 members of the choir were selected from the student body of 1000 attending the Minnesota institution, Exteaordinarily meticulous in the Work of selecting; editing ,and preparing Scores, Dr. Glmistiansehr is also very paihstakihg in rehearsing his choir in preparation for a ebncert. He trains and blends his voices until they sound as a single voice. Fundamentals, attacks, releases, breathing and intonation are stresred. • • Dr. Christiansen was born in Norway, came to America at the age of 17; studied and taught in various middle western cities, then went to Liepzig, Germany where he studied for four years under Gustav Schreck, Cantor of the Thomaner Choir. He returned to America and organized The St. Olaf
choir.
AIEE Winners
Guy Bellows, Jr., , won the senior division of the A. 1. E. E. contest according to the announcement of that organization last night foL lowing their meeting in the Electrical Engineering Building. Bellows essay was entitled “Air Resistance' of High Speed Trains.” An essay “Two Recent Develop-? ments in E. E.” written by Stanley Wirth w^on the competition in the Junior division; At the meeting. Dr. E. M. Sabbagh, of the E. E; staff, discussed the single phase motor follovang the reading of the various manuscripts by their authors as submit; ted to the local chapter of A.I.E.E. Scabbard And Blade To Close Contest With medals arid citations as the awards to the first five winners in each class, the Scabbard and Blade Best Soldier contest will come to a close Saturday with an examination over all woi-k covered this semester. Classroom grades will have no bearing on the final decisions, but conduct in drill periods and on Corps Days throughout the semester will have special significance. Soldierly appearance will be an item of major importance. The committee in charge of the examination consists of H. R. Larsen, F. W. Stone, W. N. Engels, G. J. Snyder, L. B. Ritchey, and J, W. Baker.
Dr. Savage Visits President Elliott i: Di% Howard H. Savage, New York Gity, secretary of the Garnegie Foundation for advancement o^f teaching, was entertained at a formal dinner and reception at the home of President E. C. Elliott last night. Dr, Savage is h^e to confer with President Elliott, who is a member of the Board tfie Carnegie Foundation, about the working of that'organization. The two men will leave today for Ghicago to attend a toachers meeting. V.'
Honoraiies To Hold Banquet Dr. M. Luddesh, £. E. ’09, To Address Combined Meetiiig Apr. 29 Dr. Matthew Luckiesh; E. E. ’09, will be the main speaker at All Engineering Honorary banqnefv to be held on April 29 at 6:30 in the Union ballroom. Sponsored by Tan Beta Pi, Pi Tau Sigma, Ghi Epsilon, phi Lambda tlpbilon, and Eta Kappa Nu, the banquet be open;; ;to ; all :^culty, jneiidiere of these organizations and freshman and sophomore distinguish^ sttt-.
'dents. ■■■■. ■
The tickets, priced at eighty cents, went on sale at the Unibn desk and Prof. Kmqap’s office last week. The sales will continue on through Saturday. LabbratOTy'Ditectbr ; / Dr. Matthews, who earned his B, S. of E. E. at the University, received his masters degree at Iowa State in 1911, and bis doctor of science in 1926. Sb-oiii 1910 to 1920 he was a physicist at the Nela research laboratory, In 1920 he became director of applied sciences in the same lab of the yNational Lamp Works of General Electric.; During the World War Llickiesh was chairman of the Matibnai Research Council on camouflage; Lq : 1925, he was elected president of the Illuminating Engineeting Sbeiety, and was awarded a gold medzl by the distinguished service fotindation of optometry for researches in sight. He also received the Lbngstreth medal by the Frauteifl Institute for his work on visibililgr fbr airplanes. Author of fifteen books, the Speaker is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon, social J^terriity, Sigma Xi, and Tau Beta Pi. Seniors Smile; Job Prospects Experts sight Improvement In EmpIo3naient Conditions. By Gene Hays : Little lines bf worry, conunonly seen on the faces of the graduating seniors about this time fof the paist few years, have been prominent by their absence this year. In fact, one does not need to look very fair to see one of the gentlemen of dignified mein with a contented rhave-a-job” expression oh his aforementioned countenance,
TheReasmt
There has been a decided aptorn in employment this year along witb the improved industrial cqnditioite; Although experts ez^ectiedi some crease in the employment of neering graduates, the increase m out of all proportion to indostrial and economic improvement, and may be a harbinger of better times
to come.
The Result In the school of chemical engi-; neering alone, nmre tl^n Sfl cent Of the graduating seniors had been placed before April 15 thfck year, as contrasted with less than IP per cent at the same time last year. This, as well as the greatly increased number of personnel scents coming to the campus may (Continned on page 4)
illfi
JUNIOR WOMEN
All Junior women are requested to meet in rooms I and 2 of the Union Building at 4
o’elQbk this afternoon.
DOROTHY C. STRATTON,;m BteayBtJ ^yttpac. New Yogit Ofty
Xntek«d u Micowl dsas mRtter at the poet office* Lafwe^.
Mil, $8.60 per yeer; dcHyaret? by carrier. 88.60 per year; gold hy ■Iftgi* copy».
ffoiiheeaj^^
Th0 Pififf huve anotiior pin in jjiopgp mw. Jane Tampefly in prond possessor of her third froter nity pin. The gal who objects to
girls taking frat pins is ball and MAIN OFPicis-812 North Fifth Street gos? chaining Pi Kappa Phi Gienny.
(With all due apologies to Ana*-*' France.>^ ^ f Among the descendants of the original penguins, baptized by St Mael, Whose over-'^daiousness cans
nittor^iit*<9iief ^— MahhSine SktitorAasoelste Bditon.. Ifecaia Editor Sports Edltort.. islstaats-. C. Harper, JTr. Bold and Black Editor.
Enslnees :Manager._._ Aityartialiis Manases... Ad^ertielng AsaiOtaiats Olrcalatlon Manaiser
mitoEiAL Et^f;
. ■ A Gtwaphdl
». IV Manldn. E, L. Sadler. E, C. S^^k. ■BmiMBSSStAPr: ; :.' ■■■■■•;. ; *«*:
..
a.H.B
Puller: The girls don’t even smile JB. V. Hearn at Beggs any more. Browning: -No,, they laugh out
loud.
Editor
AdvertiBiiig HanasrerSophomore Assistants.
„ Joyce Williaijns . .T«^n "n^n. “jean‘janonsek, Doris Ellen McCartney, Elizab^ Fyke, Esther Tetley
Thursday, April 23, 1936.
Hiiiiian Nature And; War “You can’t change human nature,” argues a student-faculty group on this campus as they discuss the merit ol yesterday s peace demonstration. “Men have been fighting^ since history began,” they continue, “and another war is inevitable.”_ This viewpoint expresses no hope for the future. Men wiU be brought into the world, nursed, developed, and trained, but eventually they will be killed in spite of anything that man may do. There is no reason for being I “The story of Louis Pasteur”, a marvelous portrayal of the life of a great scientist, should be put on the compulsory list for the advocates of this school of thought. This picture told of Pasteur’s discovery of the microbe, his discovery of the vacr cine, and his fight against the men who said he was insane. “There is ho cure for the Black Plague”, France’s medicai authorities argued^ “It just is, there is no cure, and we must endure what we have. There is ho telief I” Today, the Black Plague, as France knew it, does not exist. Vaccinations against diseases are common operations ahd are
now prescribed by laws.
In Pasteur’s time they dreaded the Black Plague; today the people fear armed conflict. It is regettable that the medical authorities of PasteuFs time cannot get together with the “Can’t-change-nature” group on the campus. They could have
a marvelous bull session!
Deferred VS. Open RnsK The issue of deferred, restricted rush vs. open, unrestricted rush.generally comes up for discussion at least_once_a year on praetici^ly all college campuses. Chicago Uhiversity is the latest where the Daily Maroon brought forward a plan of deferred, restricted rush for consideration by the student body. Briefly, the plah provides for a restricted rush lasting through the fall term and ending with preferential bidding and pledging during the winter term. Only a limited, ppdesignated number of contacts between men and fraternities are allowed and only at specified times and places. Enforcement of the rules is in the hands of a judicial board of three appointed by the interfratemity council^; which has the power of inflicting prescribed penalties on infiingers, the penalties consisting of losses of rushing or pledging privileges for a Varsdng period depending on the seriousness of the offense. Is deferred rush desirable? It allows the_rushee a longer period in which to make his choice of fraternities, but if he is restricted in his contacts with his prospective associates, how is he to form a better opinion ? Why spread the inevitable agitation accompanying rush over several months’ time when it
WHAT TASTE Judy Jones is squeaking—Belury has more fun dating brother Hughes than he does dating her. And now that Ford is in the hospital Belury will have him all to
herself.
JUST A PAL IncidenUy,\F^iiMe if y<m g# of the hospit^ withoirt getting r^^^ of what ypu got, I hope you give it to Huglies. OTICK, TO, ENGLISH Last week the English department went bowling en masse and boy were they lousy 1 They knock^ all the varnish off the gutters and bored the pin boy to death (picking up one pin at a time) . Yeah, I’ll take any of you on—or are you fellows too busy marking “Unsatisfactory” on engineering test papers ? 5:20 FLUSH!' ' The Pikappaphi tight-wads, Beggs and/Glenny, are going together to buy seegars for the brothers. They’ll probably be factory throwouts. FAMOUS LAST LINES Let’s truck oyer to Lambs; and see the ioor show and hear Gloomy Sunday. ■ ■ . ' ■ !'
WWeWSey-,vAw»vj.,- Av.vw.W5W on the Wabash. It seems that there existed at that institution a group who believed that the existing set of sorority rush rules should be
changed.
So the project was begun by a worthy group of penguins who were better trained in such matters than a good many of the others. Additional information was obtained from other similar institutions faced with the problem of improving this mad scramble politely known as “rush”. After some research into the matter, the selected few began to revise and attempt to improve the old system. Following a period of arduous labor* accompanied by the usual difficulties of the trail blazer, they evolved what seemed to them as nearly sati^iae’-' tory a plan as could be conceived to fit the heeds of j their partiQulhr
institution.
Taking their manuscript firmly in both hands and braving the guillotine of campus opposition, this courageous body of penguins pre^ sented their plan to the group as a whole.
Furdiie Independent Staff Selected Purdue Independent Association held election of officers for the Purdue Independent last night. The following were elected: H. R, SennStrom, editor; John Day, business manager; H. Pfeifer, assistant edi tor; C, Cox, C. Sterret and D. Meacham, junior editors; P. Brumassistant business manager; F. A. Wright, advertising manager; C. Overcash and R. Bushpng, assistant advertising managers; G Young, publicity chairman.
Home Stretch Fever
It is a lamentable fact that the semester’s “home stretch” occurs in spring fever weather. Rising in the morning be•comes even more of a task; keeping one’s eyes open in class takes more and more will power; and studying seems to require more effort than it seems humanly possible to exert. It is advisable to try a little bit of this “superhuman effort stuff”. Examinations are but five weeks away and instructors always cover at least ten, week’s work during those last five
weeks.
Assignments will be prodigious when Satan crawls up ai*v. says, “Let’s go.” Constant, consistant effort will obviate the necessity of enduring mosquitoes, heat, and ennui on the lovely May and June nights that will preced exams. All night “boning” is hardly conducive to the necessary ^alm and clearheadedness that is required to pass an examination. Get
goin’.—-J. E. B. -
Pres. Elliott Explains Amelia EarharPs Work “Amelia Earhart and Her Work for the University” was the subject of President E. C. Elliott’s talk at the banquet for the old and new officials of the W. S. G. A., W. A. A. and Y. W. C. A. Tuesday evening in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. The purpose of this banquet was to bring the three major women organizations
into closer relationship.
Margaret Richey acted as toastmistress and introduced the following speakers: Kathryn Dunwoody, retiring president of W. A. A,; Betty Arnold, new president of W. A. A.; Virginia Gobble, retiring presir dent of Y, W. C. A.; Patricia Jbnes, new president of Y. W. C. A.; Helen Hall, retiring president of W. S. G. A.; and Ruth Copeland, new president of W. S. G. A. Entertainment included accordian solos by Mary Alice Pflughaupt, and a song and tap dance by Dickie Humphries*
Pouncing upon the new system viith happy squawks, the organized penguins thoroughly demolished all possible argumehts in favor of the proposal. With the avarice of those who destroy without offering constructive suggestions, they held a long paries^, ending With the fervent hope that no more proposals would be made. Please understand that not all the penguins turned into Harpies; in fact, there weren’t very many that did, but as St. Mael once sagely observed, it doesn’t take much ink to make a blot. The last report heard was that the original nucleus of penguins has had to return to their task of revising the new rush plans and some of the criticisms which they will carry back with them will be Ones made after serious consideration of the new regulations while the remainder will be those made by the people who would complain about a Utopia. Of course, no plan is without flaws, for perfection does not lie within the power of man, but for progress, or even change, some kind of a beginning must be
made.
T FI^PHONE engineers had to find a Way to Stop gray squirrels gnawing holes in the lead, sheath of telephone cables. Even a tiny hole ipay let ih moisttare—-rshdi^ circuit the wires—and put a niiniher of telephones pttt of •service temporarily. Many ideas were tried, hut th squirrels gnawed on. Finally the cables were painted with black asphaltuin and
Not a major engineering problem, to he sure. But thousands of strange li«Ze problems, too, have been solved to assure you the world’s most reliable telephone Service.
Wash., where he has been working on one of the state’s large cooperative poultry associations. He has been spending several weeks in Indiana visiting friends and relatives.
Although the penguins involved in this particular problem are far removed from their remarkable ancestors, we can only hope that they will make a deWmined effort to back and to abide by any change in the present rush rules that may be acceptable to the majority of the group.—H. L. C.
R<»e-Marie Kronmiller, ’29, has been appointed home demonstration agent of LaPorte county, beginning April 15. Miss Kronmiller has been a vocational home economics teacher at Pierceton for the past two years.
LmiA TODAY - EBIDAY - SATUB0AY -MIW"
’97 AlMmnus Rehirns William H. North, ’97, returned Monday to find the campus almost untecognizableJ. The only buildings that he knew were the old Men’s Dormitory, now Purdue Hall, the old Pharmacy Building, now Home Economics Building No. 2, Heayilon Hall and the Engineering Administration Building, which was the old Electrical Building, North came from Burlington,
Today - Brtday - Satnrday BUCK JONES in . “Siiudowm RMeF’ also ROBERT MeWADE BAY WALKER in ■Gappy Ricks Retiiras* “Custer’s Tiast Stand”
SHE TRIEP IQ ESCAPE FROM iOVEI
/Tiiie. m" STEWMT lav
lOMMfefiiHlW
and
READERS’ OPINION The Exponent welcoihee eomitienU oi good tdste and reasonable length from its readers, / Typewritten articles are preferred.
Peiializiiig ‘‘Better Students” To the Editor:
the lounges of
le uiuon oe leiv uiere xoi wic uuiawuu ui w . The excuse given for their removal is that they are thrown on the floor and torn to shreds by some careless students. Perhaps a better reason is that the Union can make money by selling new copies to replace those removed. The fact that the library offers one copy of each of a few papers-—and that oppy arwves from an hour to a day later that those at the Union— for the benefit of students, is certainly no reason for the condition pYevailing. It i$ realized, of course, that some students of rather poor breediWf occasion to fight each other, using crumpled bagbe Ironi the paper as missils. The papers are then unreadabl^ W becomes very unsightly. But why should
Kappa Psi
Kappa Rsi, national pharmaceutical fraternity, announces the pledging of S. W. Arnett, Indianapolis; S. K. Bell, Portland; B. M. Hensler, Kokomo; A. 6. Luken, Richmond; B. S. Markel, Corydon; J, W. Neteon, l^fayette; G. H. Reiff, Ft. Wayne and D, A. Slattery, Gdodland.
omiisf TODAY -...FRIDAY - SATtjliDAY DOUBLE FEA7UEE ;
Learn the Late Dances By EnrollinK in Our New Advanced Class Friday, Apr. 24th 7:00 p.m.
ALLEN’S
'eth a Wwntf
mmmmm /A Columbia Picture with I^EVA MlTCHELl
BRyTE! BRAWN attdBEAUTV! A smuMng,; crashing drnmn. ol th.« seal Geo. BANCROFT Ann SOTHERN
.■'.Ejctrat • AWti COLOR CABTOON . MUSICAL, .IBBybB ; POX NBWS ; .
..;■■ -TODAY':; PRlDAY . ■SATOBOAY^ ,,DowAey Hits Boine Run In mm Inning; Martin Starts On Mound For Loads Notre Daiftte's
And Black Tourney
With a perfect set of wins, Phi Gamma Delta fraternity yesterday defeated Phi Kappa Psi for the championship of the Gold and Black tournament in a : final elimination game on Intramural field by a score of 6 to 3. The game originated at Purdue was the final in a double elimination tournament which has been running for several months.. For this outstanding achievement the Phi Gams will receive a cup from the Intramural department as well as fraternity participation points. Members of the winning team are; G;' E. Garon, R. W. Loehr* L. S. Graves, P. H. Vemor, J. P. Lyoboulti^ JT- H. O’Harei and BrKs^M
■‘tin,
Douglas, Holtman, Boehm Win In Tourney Margaret Douglas, representing Ward i, defeated Lorha Metiedd, of Kappa Kappa Gamma, with a score of 90 to 69, in the W. A. A. archery tourhameht. Irfene Boehm, of Watd 2, defeated Dorothy Bryant, of Alpha Ghi Omega, 119 to 30. Esther Holtman scored 233 to 136 against Louise Galdwell when Ward 4 played against Ward 3. In the last contest, Chi Omega forfeited to
Apha Xi Deltas
HI .r ,1 1. i^n ''ll mil II
bit by 6lamlnmg out a long home. run. However Notre Dame, not to be outdone, came bacic in her half of the first for two doubles with a man on base scoring four runs. In the second the Boilermaker baseballers knocked out two runs, bringing in new pitcher for Notre Dame’ to replace Thornes. Lefty Martin, pitching for Purdue, held the Irish until the fifth when he was re placed by Glen Downey. Downey in turn was replaced by Bartz af ter he had let in seven runs in three innings. The lineup in general was the same one used against Illinois last Saturday. This is the first of a home and home series of scheduled games. The nekt game : is with Minnesota on Saturday.. Batteries for today’s game were: for Purdue-^artinjDo-wney,'Bartz and Maiaska. Fdr ; Notre Damte---Thdrnes>i Goncher, Rydell and GaulL ^e box Score dbilotv'sr r
(16)
Coach Orval Martin and five members of Purdue’s ,track Squad left here yesterday for Des Moines, la., where the Boilermakers will compete in the two-^mile and medley relays at the Drake Relays tomorrow and Saturday. The squad is composed Of Cocaptain Glendenning, Bluemel, Terhune, and Goory, who will make up the two-mile combination, and Vaughn-Gatt, who will run the quarter-mile on the medley combination. In the medley, Glendenning, will run the anchor mile, Bluemel the three-quarter mile, and Goory the half-mile.
Hish,Wide and Handsome No shirt will achieve that casual look cf $*yle so well as the Arrow Duke of Kent with the new wide-spaced e^lar. Presented in colorful stripes and chocks —-Sanforized-shrurik, ARROWI^M
We cany a full line of Arrow Shirts. SODTHWQRTirS
/■
In
Lefftyette it’s Dewenters who carry the Arrow Shirts
Teams Meet / Squad Plays Indiana, Buckeyes Over Weeh-
AB R H POA ...6 2’ 4 10
;..44 lEi 17 24 12 AR h ITRO A
PURDUE Maiaska, c liiicas, Sb Young, lb ... Mitphell, rf Bartz, K.p Sines, SB .... Armon, of Waling, 2b ! Rosser, 2b Martin,' P Downeir, If-p Totals ....................... NOTRE DAME (is) Coehrane, ' 2b .................. Wentvrortli, ss Promisart, 3b Pilney,' If Gaul, o ............ VelcheckjCf Barowski, rf ........ Van Wagner, lb Scbfati,. lb ....^ Thornes, p , Gbncher, p ........... Eoinere, x
Rydell,
Totals 18 17 24 13 Score by innings: Purdue.......... 6.2 2 2.1 0,.0 O-r-16 Notre DaVne... 4 0 1 0 11 T..! 0 x-r-lS Errors—Maiaska, Uucas, 8 ; Sines, Rom2 ; Downey, Wentworth, Gam, Velcheck, Thornes, 1. Hbiiie runs—Gaul, Sines, Downey. Left on bases : Purdue, 11, Notre Dame 9, Stolen bases : Sines, Young, Pilney, Wentworth, Barbwshi. Totate— 83 runs, 34 hitSj 12 errors, 8 basee balls. .
ser.
Local tennis fans will be afforded a variety of action this week-end, with fbur Big Ten tennis squads scheduled to display their wares on the Purdue courts ’tomorrow and Saturday in a trio of dual meets. The tennis action will be launched with a "double-header” tomor-i tow afternoon when the Bqiieimatfe ©Ts stack up against liidiaha wWieBlihdis ft meeting Ohio ^te At
■■the kame::timew.:"; ■
: Buck^ek To l^tay OvCT ; ^ The Buckeye tennis squad will remain here dvernight to meet the Boilermakerk in another Big Ten engagement on Saturday Rfternbdn,' Mcmdayv DePauw Unrymsity^ send ite raequet m^ tp^ t^^ skill against; Purdue. Coach La,rry LaBree and the squad have been Working Very hard and have a fast, hard-drivihg team» that expects to show very.jweil in the coming matches, Bob Nikblich and Ray UIray foirm his top doub les outfit and Boh Tzucker arid Don Edmprids fill the MU as^^ m
her two doubles.;
Under LaBree has fbrined a varsity teami of six meiribers -and a seeond team foi: tryouts. This second team, which now numbers twenty-five, holds its b’wn elimination tournaments arid from the results, future varsity material is chosen. Anyone desiring to try out may sign up with A. H, Johnson^ assistant coach.
Univwsity D^^gales-
Attendi WAA Convention Pi Phi’s Open New Home
Profr Helen Ha,z^on, KathTSp Dunwopdy, and ArnMd ^left yesterday to attend 'the . liatibnril convention .of 'W. A, Urii-
Members of the Pi Beta Phi sorority at Butler University, Xndian-r apolis^ brie of the four aefeBm collegiate : chapters ih Indiana> will
Badgers Meet Cdphers In Todufs Contest Of Round Robin Tourney Despite a spirited fourth quarter rally, ‘Towa” took "Purdue” into camp last night by a score of 32 to 26, in the football practice on the varsity field opposite Cary Hall. This was the second half of a game in the round robin series being played by members of the spring football squad. The first half was played Monday night, and ended with “Iowa” leading, 25-6. The psuedo HaWkeyes, coached by Earl Perris, opened the seeond half by displaying the same beautiful form they had in the first period when Freddie: Stalcup heaved a pass some 30 yards down the field into the arms of Cecil Isbell, who shook off two blockers, jumped high into the-air to take the ball, and then raced an additional 20 yards fo score. The extra point gave the Hlawks their last score of the day.
Pass Nets Score
The: "Bbiletmakerb’’ ba^ in the second play after Uie ikN^c^: arid gave thA ^ some Pf theit Vfibd Steye (xut^ ting libavediR: pass^ to his fceshman; teammrite, Churles Purvib, loy A total j^in bf some lb yards.' (IricL;; dently^ tkb iattOT is no relation to Jim or Duane,) ; A seCbrid pass,; Purvis to IpinUtb, netted a scbre. Even in the face of an apparently bverwhelriairiig score, (‘Pur^e” rbr; fused to accept it as final,; anff scored twice in Hie fourth The first came as a result of a pass frbltt Purvis to Gfeen, and Ippilito drove across the line in the closing minutes to make the score 32 to
26 fbr “Ipwa”r
The gariae i^ve some indication of the calibre of the freshmen com; ing up for the team next fall; since "Purdue” was coiriposed almost entirely of yearlings. On the other hand, “Iowa” had the first string backfield rurining its plays. Badgers Meet Gophers Today This afternoon, at 5 o’clock "Minnesota” and “Wisconsin” wiU meet for the second half of the gariae they started Tuesday evening in Which ended 17-7 at the half in favor of “Minnesota’' At: the close of the rotmd robin tourney, the two 'winning teams ■will riaeet in a final game at the end of spring practice On Saturday, May 2, before students arid guests
of the University.
Winter arguments among Bie faculty as to who has that correct twist of the wrist while putting oar the hardest and most deceptive serve on the court can now be settled by arrangement with the intramural department According to plans made known yesterday by M. L. Clevett, director of intramural athletics, potential Bobby Jones’ and Bill Tildens as well as horseshoe and softball champions on the faculty will be able to prove their abilities before their fello'wmen beginning next Wednesday.
Golf Tournament
A golf tournament will be held between the departments and they may enter all who wish to play. The total score of the best foursome from a department will be the score chosen to compete •with other departments. From the results of previous years it seems that the: mecimriical engineer^ their veteran G. A. Young and the :phy^i<^:; ed^ departm^ts
have held the lead. Horseshoe Courts
Bhe horseshoe courts east^ o^^^ Arriabry end also those behind the Bell House will all bevA^ilaWb for
at 331 ’ Hamptbuj /Drive; Simday, April 26, Brom; 3 to 6 p, m. A;ll memfes of active Pi Beta Phi chaptem and alumnae are iii’vited.
versity ^ from today formally operi a:,new cfc^er'^
until %tur<^y; They will leb^ discussipri on "Outing Clubs and
Cabins”.
Miss Hazelton, yirho IS chairman of the faculty-advisory Committee, will also be chairman of a faeultydiscussion group, which is a new di'visiori. provided -this year in.; au effort to increase faculty interest. She will speak On the subject “Pioneering in 1986” tomorrow night at a formal banquet in, the Curtis
hotel. ;
V- "f -f
-f
-f
■¥ . ^ > BASEBALL ■f ■ ;4- •-■4- ■ •B- .
Today
Diamond 1— Signia Nu vs. Phi KaPPa. 2— ^Pi I^ppa Phi vs. Delta -Tau '.:Delta.' ;. 3— -Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi Sigma ■ '.'Kappm 4— r-Tau Kappa jSpsiJon ys. Phi ... Kappa Psi... 5— Delta Upsilon ys. Theta Tau, 6— Delta Chi vs. Tketa Chi. 7— ^Alpha Tau Omega Vs. Acacia. 8— Ward 7 YS. Ward 10. 9— Ward 8 Vs. W*^^ lOr^^-Ward 1& VS. W^^
Pi jKappii Ai|^a
Pi Kappa Alpbu announces the
initiation of j (3. B. Gloyer,
Luce, Westfield, N* J. H, Rudolph, Boonyille; and J!- A- Seft®*
iRGrange, 111.
H. Fisher^ Linton; Indianapolis; C, B.
The Yale H. sydnunini^ team^^^r^^ ccmtiy won 16 j|t auecessiyb tory in intercollegiate dual-meet competitiori by heAting Harvard,
U. of Arkansas physiological dtomlsts.' have found that bMndnes.s caused by growth of catAracts follows a deficiency d^ ’'dfiSniin G.'
B.&W.Shoe Co. 121 N. Fourth
if a
then a (mop : rv’at tlieiFrliie.’X^X.':
facttl^ use at any time of Hteday. Ahm, if any deiwirtment ha# toma foe a emvt near mt# cf it# build' ings, the intnuQsural department Witt conatnlet a court there upon request. Horseshoe# may be olv tained at the gym.
; Wken:yoa:‘'.M^.':in'riem.et.;iid«raui^.' Jtion or advice' a«:''Bi«affl^,' awnojtot •; /ins: ..joy :^airiiibv.:,.,<hiy4.'hc^^ ,
Pottr Lunilieir
Ph. 3083 West; Lafayette
'i
'‘51
Mclpirray 'Will Address ; Nekt Ag Staff :Lwiiclheo^^ T^ monthly agricultural staff luncheon, to be held at the Umb Building Monday, April 27, will be addressed by Floyd 1. MeMurray, state superintendent of public instruction, His subject -will be “Some Odd Types of Ajpiculture in Europe”. The comnuttee in charge is headed by A. F. Hinrichs.
If its Good foocl that you want.
Ajad especially fine seiwiee, tgo . . . and sertrleg and good food join hands niffed atmosphere for wiiicli the ; C h e s t b t Room is so w^l known. The result is a dining place m ft hy New diaiag eiuoymeiit awaits ypuhn the
Gh©stuut Room
I
in the
'Tbc Comer of the Compus, Yet the Comer of College Aaioities'*
5 ^ ' A 4'j
JClassified Ads.
I”
Mrs. Cummins b
les
Stats Sweet Stays Sweel
' Sharpen^ and repaired. New: and used moweira. Prices on new . Ball Bearine Mowers $S^5 4nd np. Mow^ . ers called for and d^ivered. ’ . F. Jos. MMlIaaupt & Son ' Se»-ll North Street Phene 2626. leafayette. Ind^:
Tonne enonph to be thaonttnl} aid i enonsh to he praeticaL ■ RICHAEB J. BATH: wAWwmAxms. 608 MsIb St.
SPAEEENDAHL Mercfeanl Tailor ; 507 Main St.
Risk Dental Clifiic PAUL A. ®SSK ROBERT G. RISK ' HAROL0 J. WSK LUTHER A. RISE 400 Schnltz Bids. Phone 6701 Comer .4th and BlaSn
CO-EDS Get your Economy Permanent Wave before Prom. Shampoo and flnser wave complete. Co-ed day every Thursday. Kienly Beauty Studio ■ 662 Main ■ 7727
SUBSCEIBE FOE THE EXPONENT
R. C. EISENBACH ' Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SEMIOES! : We make application pictures for $1.26 per dozen. Special price on lote of Bfty or mote. Eembrandt Studio lOS yineSt. W. Lafayette
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyk®“W®rk!i®ff Company ^ Phone 8882
Typewriters," Adding Machines-^ For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigrapk nnd mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoif, 606 Main St.
Phone 2779.
Lost—Cameo ring, in or near Coulter Hall. Call Godsey, 7764. Reward.
For Sale—Modern model 833 Packard spoirts phaeton. $386 cash. Can be seed daytimes parked in front of Civil Engineering Building, Purdue. Phone 2884.
notices No. RdtieM MMptad.siftar.t'tb i
Women’s Open Swim—rTonieht at 7:80. ■.-J.ONES. .■
Y. W. G. A. Cabinet—Meet in office at 4
today.
—JONES.
■.University Choir—AU members be at the faculty lounge at 4 today to meet the St.
Olaf Choir.
—KIMMBLL,
Mrs. Margaret Elizabeth Cummins, wife of Dr. G, B. Cummins, of the University botany department, died at the St. Elizabeth hospital yesterday* morning at 4:30 o’clock. Death was due to embolism following the birth of a daughter, Elaine Euan, a week ago. Bom here, July 12, 1897, Mrs. Cummings was the daughter of William B. and Helen Simpell, of Lafayette. She was a graduate of West Lafayette high school and attended the University where she was a member;of Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman co-ed scholastic
honorary.
The body was removed to the Bradshaw funeral kome andyrill he t;^en to Indianapolis toniorrow afternoon for cremation. Mem services will be conducted at St. John’s Episcopal church tomorroyr afternoon at 4 o’clock with Rev. Reese F. Thornton officiating.
1,
we/I dressed man
KM
You will find a cleaning service like Crown’s that keeps him fit. ^ Depend on Crown Cleaning Regularly
f at: >\ I
H t
.:b^ir
CLOTHES
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Men’s Glee. Club—All membera be at the faculty lounge at 4 today to meet the St. Olaf Choir. —HAMMOND.
Giris’ Glee Club—All members be at the faculty lounge at 4 today -to meet the St. Olaf Choir. —FOORMAN.
Concert Choir—Be at faculty lounge at 4 today and bring your robes. —BRUBAKER.
May Day—Group 4 meet in Women’s Gym today at 4. Compulsory. —BOLLER.
Union Workers—Members of the following committees will meet in the sub-base-ment at 4: Scboler, Clark, Pugh, Shoemaker, Jump, Quiggle; —FULLER.
Union Woricers—Members of the following committees meet in the Union office at 4: Anspach, Grimm, Kuehn. —FULLER.
Camera Club—^Meet tonight in the reception room of Union at 7 :16. —SCHOLER.
Christian Science Organization—^Meeting tonight at 7:16 in .the Engineer office in Union. —DRISCOLL.
Ail Junior Women—Are requested to meet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union today. —STRATTON.
Alpha Phi Omega—Meeting at 7:30 today in room 1 of Union. —SACHS.
Radio Club—Meeting at 7:30 tonight in E. E. lab. Last lecture in W9YB series. —WEPPLER.
Glider Club—^Those who have ordered Kelmeta can get them at the Phi Gamma Delta house for 58 cents. —WILTSHIRE.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Meeting for pledging postponed until nert Tuesday because of junior inspection trip. —MAXON.
Glider Club—-Regular meeting and eleC' tion of officers tomorrow in tower room ot WaSeB,:- ■ —HOLD.
Pi Tau Sigma—Baseball game with faculty on Intramural' Field at 4 today.
—RITCHEY,
Union Choir—Please turn in tickets, cards and money at Union desk before 1 today.
—STEWART.
Mortar Board—Gobble, Maier, Misses Partch, Mitchell and Schleman nieet at today in women’s lounge instead of W. S. G. A. office as previously announced.
—HALL.
Scabbard and Blade—All pledges and initiation committee be at Armory tonight at 7. Uniforms not required.
—KANY.
Today ■ A. S. C. E. Meeting—C, E. Building, room 201, 7 p. m. Industrial Education Society —* Michael Golden Shops, 7-8 p. m. St. Olaf Choir — Concert Eliza Fowler Hall,78 p. m. Scabbard and Blade Test NightArmory, 7-9 p. m. Tomorrow Baseball—^Minnesota at Minneso'ta. : P. I. A. Spring Formal—Union ballroom. Saturday Alpha Gamma Rh,o Spring Formal—^Allen’s ballroom, 9-12 p. m. Baseball-Minnesota at Minneso-
tfti ■
Delta Upsilon Formal DinnerDance—Chapter House, 6:30 to 12 p. m. Scabbard and Blade Rough Initiation—^Armory, 6 p. m. to 6 a. m. Union Mixer—Union Ballroom 9 p. m^ ! Women’s Pan-Hellenic Luncheon —Union ballroom, Monday Agronomy Seminar—Ag Building, room 201, open, 4 p* m. Ag. Staff Luncheon—Union 12 noon. Scabbard and Blade Initiation— Armory drill floor, 6-6 p. m. Scabbard and Blade Initiation Banquet—Lincoln Lodge, 6 p. m. . Tuesday A. A. U. P. Dinner MeetingHome Economics Building, dining room, 7-9:30 p. m. Kappa Delta Pi Meeting—^Education Building, 7-8 p. m. A. S. C. E. Meeting—C. E. Building, room 201, 7-9:30 p, m. Baseball—Wabash at Crawfordsville.
SENIORS .SMHJS--. (Continued from page 1)
be taken as a measure of the increase in industrial activity^ Dr. J. L. Bray, head of the scbobl of chemical engineering, on his recent trip through, this and several of the eastern sta,tes, found the leaders of the chemical engineering industries in a very optimistic frame of mind regarding the future. These industries withstood the . onslaught of the depsesrion very well, and will probably, be among the first to recover. This can
be attributed to the increasing de:* pCndehce of ^induBl^ chi cbhixol as well aS tM increasing demand for raw materials.
ANNOUNGES: PLEDGING! ; Beta Theta Pi announces the pledging of the f ollowiiig meh:, S. H, Gutting, Shelbyvillej H. CrOsby, Washington, D. C, ; R. D. Juve, Akron, CK; R.O. Lauer, Granite City; IlL; N. E. Palmer j Indianapolis; F. J. ^inchell, Southport; W. R; Troyer, Indianapolis; J. A* Dale, Norris, Tenn.
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING . college; EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
SUDDEN SERVICE
iRINflNG, felloe* Silalipnery, pi Wsddins InPItedeiw Bopkii, Etc.. o ,
DR. A. M. IRION DentistKron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
Domeifs Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6059
Nium-Biisk and Edgerton Shoes : Let UB aequaint yoa with EJgertott onoBna! values, $5.60 and 4«.e6. Nunn-Bosh, $7.60. Genuine Buck. Other styles #3»5 Aloderil^^^B^ 42$ Main 0t^
• W. A. A.. Archery—Following matches should be shot today. They will begin promptly at 4:16: K. K, G. vs. Alpha Chi, Ward 2 vs. Thetas, Ward 3 vs. CHi 0‘s, ■Ward 4 vs. W. R. H. .--BQEHM.
SOCIAL BRIEFS
Skull and Crescent Pledges—Get pledge ribbons at the Delta Upsilon .house by Friday. —CRAIG
Sigma Delta Chi—Inspection trip to Indianapolis tomorrow. Call Bute for arrangements. —BUTZ
Prof. Jeliema Speaks To Religious Council “Man is a living tragedy because he is not at home with society, nature or himself,” stated Prof. Jeliema, of the Indiana University school of philosophy, who spoke at the religious council banquet last mgM at the West Side Methodist church. Loren Doud acted as toastmaster. Sixty students attended the banquet which also featured reports on religious activities by students.
Agriculture Students HoldFisliFry ; Students majoring in farm management, general ag, rural economics and several freshmen interested in farm management work held a fish fry Tuesday afternoon at Cory Farm, south of Lafayette. Fifty pounds of wall-eyed pike and catfish were consumed by the group of students and faculty members present. Dr. E. G. Young, of the University farm management department, described his recent two weeks trip to New York, Boston, Philadelphia and Washington and Mr, Griffin, manager of the Cory Farm and the father of P. S. Griffim* junior in the school of agriculture, spoke on some farm .managethent problems.
Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity will entertain guests at the chapter house Saturday night with its annual Monte Carlo spring formal. Bob 'Butler and his band from DePauw: will play; Chaperones will be Mr. and Mrs. Robert Horn, Dr. and Mrs. R. H. Carr, Mr. and Mrs. Roy C. Street. ■ ■“—slv—“ ■ Purdue Independent Association will hold a spring formal Friday night in the Memorial Union ballroom. “Jug” Owen and his orchestra, of Earlham, will furnish the syncopation. . . —sb—, The annual spring formal of Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity will be held Saturday night at the chapter house. Bill Jones’ orchestra will play. Chatperones will include Dr* and Mrs. S. J. Miller, Mr. and Mrs. Leon Todd and Mr. and Mrs. William Bodden. , :—sb— “Jug’’ Owen and his orchestra, of Earlham, will play for the spring formal of Delta Upsilon fraternity; It will be held Saturday night at the chapter house.
Seniors Must Order Programs By Saturday Commencement programs may he ordered at the lobby desk of the Memorial Union Building, and at Deac’s or Southworth’s until Saturday. No orders will be accepted after that time. Three styles of programs, leather, manila, and plain, are obtainable. In addition to the Gala Week schedule, and a list of graduating seniors, the booklets contain pictures of Elii^a Fowler Hall, the Memorial Union Building and the Civil Engineering Building.