1
‘ ^ I i) 'L'
^ i) ^ <, J ^ wJv i^f- *
^ ' ix Is j * ‘iH . p-
I \
\f;
* ♦
1663 RcQistcr On Cdmpiis jj^ i|mi^ jji
For U.S. Military Service “
Sixteen hundred and sixty-three University students and members of the faculty had registered for training in the United States military forces aij tAe close of the prescribed 14 hour period last night at 9 o’clock. \ Registration cards were distributed at ten campus offices as the machinery set up by University officials worked systematically throughout the day. There was no heavy rush at any of the registration places, officiaKfe stated. 490,000 In Indiana An estifnated 490,000 persons between the ages of 21 and 36 registered in the state at 3,000 places. In a few weeks 11,000 of these will be drafted, and another 1:^000 will follow within several months. The i^ro hour last night moved westward with the sun, and sixteeh million young meni,were registered at the end of the (iay for the nation’s first peacetime conscription. , / ’
Spirit Grim
The spirit of those registering on the campus as well as throughout the nation was one of sober thought. There Was lighthearted banter passed among the students, but the prevailing attitude was grim, registration officials said. Typical was a man in Marion county whose birthday fell so that he might have been on either side of the draft age. “You don’t have to register do you ?” asked the registrar. “I don’t have to, I get to,” he replied, j.l.t. Freshmen Compete Petitions
Today In Bweridge
Voluziie S2, No. 33
West Laioyette, bidicma
ThtizsdoEy. Octobm’ 17, 1940
Award Contracts For Physics Building
I 'President* Registers
EXPONENT PHOTOGRAPH BY ARCHIBALD
Speaking Contest Forty-four freshmen men will compete in first round of the thirteenth annual Beveridge speaking contest this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 301 of University Hall. Winners in the preliminaries will advance to the final round which will be held next Tuesday night in the Home Economics auditorium. Varied Subjects Everything from compulsory military training to photography will be used as subject matter by the contestants, who represent 11 campus organizations. The organization whose representatives win the most points will be awarded the custody of the Ankeny Cup for one year. Any organization may retire this cup by placing first for three years. The individual winner of first place in the final round will receive permanent possession of the Hayes trophy which is awarded by the Hayes Jewelry company of Lafayette. Contestants The following men will compete in the first round this afternoon; C. Antonaccio, J. Ault, B. Berman, Besnard, D. Butz, M. Carbon, J. Cario11,'e. Cameron, G. Chapman, A. Coburn, L, Cohen, R. DeLong, J. Davis, C. Duesler. H. Fargo, L. Finley, P. Fisher, M. Friedman, N. Greear, H. Green, E. Greenstein, W. Harger, G. Heidenreich, E. Hagerty, M. Jones, A. Laird, J. Lundquist, J. Merrill, M. Merrick, J. Petty. D. Potter, C. Pope, R. Porterfield, R. Sheridan, W. Spieth, W. Stephenson, B. Pauier, F. Tegler, E. Tilley, A. Twente, J. Weaver, C. Wood, Wunderlich and G. Zissis. d.t.b. WBAA Will Conduct Talent Auditions, WBAA staff will conduct talent auditions this afternoon at 6 o’clock in the studios on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering building for all students and townspeople interested in radio work as instrumentalists, vocalists, dramatists or entertainers. Gilbert Williams, WBAA program dii-ector, will conduct the tryouts. All those seeking additions will be expected to present a prepared selection, either musical or dramatic, before the judges, d.t.b. Agriculturist Call-Outs Any agricultural freshman who is interested in the Purdue Agriculturist as an activity is asked by Ag<. riculturist officials to report to room 382 in the Union at 4 p. m. today. The AgHculturist has a wide circulation throughout the state and offers t)T£^0r?ance in distribution, business and nditprial work to those who wofjli ortmagazine.
Due Tomorrow
Tuesday, October 22, University freshmen will go to the polls to elect the Green Potter officers for the
coming year.
Petitions for the offices are now available in the Student Senate office in the Union. The Senate office will be open from 4 to 5:30 every afternoon this week and the petitions may be obtained at that time by freshmen desiring to hold office. The petitions will cost one dollar to cover the expense of the election and must bear the signatures of 75 freshmen and be returned to the Senate office by 5:30 tomorrow. Voting will be open to any freshman providing he carries a freshman passport. The election will be held under the dirtection of the Student Senate and Skull and Crescent.
Poultry Men Enroll For Short Course ■. Twenty-four hatcherymen, broiler producers, feed salesmen, and research workers have enrolled for the annual two-week University poultry short course. Six of them are from Ohio, Illinois and Iowa, while the rest represent various sections of Indiana. The subjects which are scheduled for discussion include all phases of practical poultry, egg and meat production, including poultry diseased and marketing. The course starts Monday and will continue through October 26. Teachers are members of the poultry and veterinary department’s staff. James E. Price, Yorkville, 111., hatcheryman and University graduate, will serve as a special instructor. r.w.
Defense Lecture Series Announced By Faculty Group The Executive Committee of the University faculty has authorized the organization of a series of public lectures on the probable effects of the American economy on national defense. During the current semester five lectures will be offered, dealing with the importance and availability of raw materials in warfare. Doctor Gustav Egloff, of the Universal Oil Products company, will present the first lecture, “Petroleum in Warfare,” on Thursday evening, October 31, in the Hall of Music. The second lecture, “Strategic Mineral Resources,” will be given on Thursday evening, November 14, by Professor C. H. Behre, professor of economic geology at Noithwestern University. The remaining three lectures, to be given at two-week intervals dur■jng the semester, aie “The War and Impqrtant Agricultural Raw Materials,” “Population Pressure in Relation to War,” and “The Gold Hoard of the United States and Its Future.” The speakers will present the material problems that must be solved if America is to be adequately prepared, j.e.c. Kappa Delta Pi ... education honorary, announces the pledging of the following: Isabelle Allep, Jane Fairbanks, Charlotte Finney, Jane Fishleigh, Ruth Parker; Jean Plummer, Theodore Wilson and Ralph Woodward. The initiation banquet for the pledges will be held Tuesday, October 29, r.c.f.
Dr. McHale
. . . only woman member of the University Board of Trustees, was entertained at dinner at Wood Hall las^ evening. After dinner Dr. McHaie spoke on the women’s place in national defense program, m.m.
Students, Faculty Turn Out In Docile Manner For Uncle Samuel's Little Card Party Yesterday
By John Armstrong Nothing like seeing how the other half lives, you know, so we looked around yesterday to find out how the boys on the campus who are past that fatal 21-year mark were getting along. One of the prospective draftees was Prof. Heins of the math department. He was waving his identification» card around and threatenmg dire consequences to those who did hot have one after yesterday. Funny part of it was that he wouldn’t let anybody out of his calc class to
register.
Docile Bunch Boilermaker men turned out to be a pretty'docile bunch when confronted with Uncle Sam’s agents, according to all th^t the faculty raembersi in charge of the actual dotted-line work. A good many of
the Civils even got up bright and early, or at least early, in order to register before starting out on their inspection trip. Dean Knapp said it was pretty quiet in his department, where the freshman engineers, specials, and similar miscellaneous groups signed up. “The freshmen, of course, just did what we told them to,” ke said. Mechanical Efficiency Even the ME’s, with about 47p registrees, went through the mill without much congestion, except at 9 o’clock when the Joes got out of their 8 o’clocks and buzzed over to G. A. Young’s office instead of toward the Sweet Simp. It was just a case of mechaijiical efficiency. They mimeographed up a lot of forms which practically told the boys what to put down in the blanta, and from there on in it was just a case of
“straight line production,” according to Prof. H. L. Solberg. We came across one of those rare individuals, a student who is 21 today instead of yesterday. It didn’t do him any good to escape the registration, though, because he has a commission as a Second lieutenant in the National Guard, which becomes effective today on his coming of age. He can’t win, it appears. Where Are We? ^ There was jwst one registration question that caused a little bewil-derment—-the one asking for the address of “someone who will always know where you are.” After all, how do they expect anyone to know that, when it’s hard enough to tell where you are yOUrsClf ? You might ppt down Dean Fisher —^he Comes as clo^e as anyone.
HARRY LAYSON, STUDENT Senate President, is shown above being registered yesterday for conscription by Professor Heine, of the Pharmacy School
Sigma Delta Chi Names Nineteen For Fall Pledging Sigma Delta Chi, nationals journalistic fraternity, last night announced the pledging of John Traugott, Jim Purcell, Ned Ochiltree, Bob Skallerup, Bill Heaton, Lee Ruffner, Phil Johnson, Bob Swaim, John Adamson, Israel Selkowitz, Gordon Griffin, Warren Archibald, Dick Shively, Delbert Greenwood, John McElroy, George Gale, George Abshier, Maurice Adams, and Gordon Fletcher. Traugott, Purcell, Ochiltree, Skallerup, Heaton, and Ruffner are associate editors on the Exponent editorial staff; Johnson, Swaim, and Adamson are junior sports editors on the Exponent. Selkowitz is editor of the Independent and Pharmacist; Griffin, publication editor of the Independent; Archibald, Independent managing editor. Shively is assistant sports editor of the Lafayette Journal-Courier, while Greenwood is a member of the University publicity department. McElroy and Gale are editor and managing editor of the Purdue Engineer, respectively; Abshier serves as^ editor and Adams as managing editor of the Agriculturist. Fletcher is an Exponent columnist. Formal pledging will lie held on Tuesday, October 22, in the new Exponent office, according to J. H. McKee, Jr., SDX president, n.a.o.
Site Of New Three-Story Brick Structure On Northwestern Ave.
\
A. E. Kemmer, local contractor, yesterday was awarded the contract for construction of a new University Physics building^, at the regular quarterly meeting of the Board of Trustees, on his combined bid of $506,620. Certain alternates wefe accepted which reduced the cost to $481,828, it was announced by President E. C. Elliott following the meeting. Kemmer win begin work this morning on construction of the new building which will be located on Northwestern avenue and will complete the building program on the north mall which is now the main
entrance to the campus.
Three Story Building
The new building which will be
three stories and basement of reinforced concrete and brick walls, with red tile roof, will be similar to the nearby engineering buildings. It will be “L”-shaped to front on both Northwestern avenue and the niall and will be 220 feet on Northwestern and 180 feet on the mall. W. L. Scholer, Lafayette, was the archi-
tect.
Six firms submitted general construction bids as follows: Milton W. Pillenger, of Oak Park, 111., $387,- , 890; W. E. O’Neill Construction Go., Chicago, $378,750; William P. Jungclaus Co., Indianapolis, $387,777; Marcello Gerometta, Gary, $385,000; Market Street Construction Co., Logansport, $397,689; George $ollitt Construction Co., South Bend, $384,000. Ventilating Bids Combined heating, plumbing and ventilating bids were submitted as follows: Acme Plumbing and Heating Co., Lafayette, $85,766; Hayes Bros., Indianapolis, $88,995; H. P. Reger & Co., Chicago, $97,500. Bids on plumbing alone follow: Economy Plumbing and Heating Co., Chicago, $38,784; H. P. Reger & Co., $43,476. Bids on heating and ventilating alone: H. P. Reger & Co., $54,544; Prejui Bros., Indianapolis, $49,987; and Hipskind Plumbing and Heating Co., Port Wayne, $49,800. Bids for electrical rpring and equipment were submitted as follows: Wadeford Electric Co., Chicago, $97,756; Hatfield Electric Co., Indianapolis, $73,450; Porter, Glore & Glass, Indianapolis, $81,800; Sanborn Electric Co., Indianapolis, $73,900; Dearborn Electric Construction Co., Chicago, $78,300.
250 Veterinarians/ Attend Short Course Research Lectures Continuing a three day short course, two hundred and fifty veterinarians will attend lectures this morning and afternoon in the Veterinary building. Veterinary research with reference to common animal diseases will furnish the subjects for today’s addresses. This evening at 6 o’clock the conference is holding a banquet in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union building. J. L. Axby will be toastmaster, and music will be furnished by the University Student Artists. F. R. Hall will speak on “Straws in the Wind,” and Ward Giltner will talk on “The Veterinarian in Public
Health Activities.”
Tomorrow morning special clinical demonstrations, with J. F. Bullard in charge, will show the proper methods bf operating on horses, hogs, cattlq and poultry. These demonstrations will conclude the program of the conference, r.s.k. Thorp Will Speak On Soils, People, Economics Of China James K. Thorp, federal soil scientist, will speak here Monday evening, October 28, before the Soil Science Society of Indiana. The meeting will be held at 6 o’clock in the Union, H. P. Ulrich, member of the Ui^iiversity agronomy staff and secretary-treasurer of the society,
said yesterday.
Thorp, a graduate of Earlham College, is author of a book published in 1936 entitled “Geography of the Soils of China,” and is wellknown for his knowledge of soils in many parts of the world. At present he is in charge of the inspection of soil surveys in Ohio, Indiana, Michigan and Kentucky. Thorp’s address will be open to the public, and will concern China’s soils, people and economic poten-
tialities. j.a.p. ’
ws
PIA To Sponsor Dessert Party For Co-eds Tonight Purdue Independeiit Association is holding a dessert party for co-eds tonight at 7 o’clock in the West Faculty Lounge. All independent co-eds, upperclassmen as well as freshmen, are cordially invited by the PIA officials. After the dessert there will be a short, interesting social progiam, also an explanation of activities within the organization. The party will be over by 8 o’clock, m.h. EE Staff Members
Homecoming Tickets Still Availabifr-Doan Tickets for ^eats on the east side of the stadium at the Wisconsin (Homecoming) game are still on sale, an announcement yesterday by C. S. Doan’s office stated. Only a few seats, approximately one section, are yet available on the west
side of the field.
Distribution of tickets to freshmen will continue today until the Fieldhouse office closes at 6 o’clock. General admission tickets and the -'remaining reserved seat tickets will be put on sale about the middle of nqjct week, the bulletin ss,id. ^.t.h« Winklepleck Tekes Job With Railroad R. L. Winklepleck, Ag ’36, secretary of the Indiana Horticultural Society, has resigned in order that he may accept a position as agricultural agent for the Baltimore and Ohio railroad with headquarters in Sprifigfield, 111. The change was «ffeetiVe October 16. d.e.h. Cutler Leaver On Wteai
Attpn/Conferenrt .«™*l
Dr, C. F. Harding, Professora J. H. Bowman, C. W. Caldwell, J. H.xKarr and Mr. H. A. Thomas of the School of Electrical En^neering bave returned from Cincinnati, whbr;? they attended the middle ea^lqtn district meeting of the Ameriimiy tpa^tute
of Electrical Engineers.
Dr. Q. H. Cutler of the University agronomy department left yf^terday for the wheat breeding nurscaqy on the Wagner farm near Evans-
ville.
He will inspect the growing of •new hybrid wheat comparing therp^ with common varieties gfown i| that section of the state. d.e.b.
//PUBDUE EXPONENt
■ ir
Thursday* October 17jr 1940
The Purdue Exponent
Editor’s note: In spite of our eflPorts we coiild not get our “Fifth Columnist” to register yesterday for the draft. He’s too young!
“Why Joe, you knew, I told you, remember.” Quote by Adolph to his neighbor from the east. About Rumaniav he means. But Joe masses his troops on the border anyhow. He got half of Poland that way.
Of course relations are still ahiicable. Even if things are kinda crowded with soldiers down there. Nobody has been shot. Why Hitler even claims it would be easier to sign a non-aggression pact now than it would have been a year ago. But he didn’t say who with, Russia or Rumania. In the papers we see that: ROOSEVELT CALLS DRAFT PEACE KEY What we can’t decide is whether it’s a piece of Japan he is talking about. Or the key to Berlin. Also that the: ITALIANS HINT “NAZI” CABINET FOR BULGARIANS And the only thing we can think of about this busi-
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indians, under the act of Congress of Dlarch 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscriptioh $8,60. Editor-in-Chief .... ....B, W. Donahue Business Manager.. Merlb Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor ..■■■— ——-——-j- H. McKee Managing Editor........^ ....D. K. Heiple Associate Editors : W., E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Buffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. I*. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, G. E. Danglemajer; Accpunts Manager, K. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. Bectenw^d. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Sinp;)son Associate Editors: l^ry Kay Miller, Buth Bose, Donna Siess. . Sports Staff Editor. : — J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Edional 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Bepresented 'for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y, Staff For This Issue Issue Editor: Ochiltree , Day Editor: Bose Ass’t Night Editor: Horne Night SporUi Editor: Adamson Sophomores: R; S. Kolb, D. T. Brophy, R. A. Tewksbury, B; M. Bockefeller, D. E. Butz, J. M. Crutchfield, M. Puller, M. Howard, J. A. Fraser, M. McHaffie.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
ness is that if Hitler’s got something up his sleeye. He oughta spread his oWn rumors. d.k.h.
Purdue’s # interesting 0 People By Donna Siess If you should happen to wander down the Puttering Shop way—a good idea, too—-you would find a quiet young man by the name of Bob Parks. Since 1939 Bob has been director of this activity. He’s the man for the job, too, judging from his past accomplishments with the group. What is interesting about not his job but Bob himself. A typical picture of Bob would show him tipped back in his chair with one foot propped up on the edge, gazing out of the window with those frank blue eyes. His eyes express the dreaminess.of an artist’s. After receiving a degree of Fine Arts from John Herron Art Institute in Indianapolis, Bob was awarded a scholarship to the Tiffany Foundation at Long Island, N. Y., for more art study. From there he came to Lafayette where he now has a small studio in addition to his Puttering Shop work. His favorite artistic work is painting and prints. Working mainly in oils, he likes best to do landscapes and interiors. Portraits hold little interest for him because he dislikes being obligated to some other person’s tastes when he is painting. Bob’s own ideas on painting give one a better appreciation of other artist’s works. He feels that, in gen-
eral, people consider art for what it looks like and not for what it does and that they criticize a painter’s works because they do not suit their own ideas, forgetting that each painter is expressing himself. His favorite painters are the Mexican artist Diego Riviera and a Japanese painter, Yasuo Kunujoshi. Even if you don’t paint, putter, etc., you would find Bob a most interesting person to know. SAE Section Choses Thompson Chairman SAE student section of the Society of Automotive Engineers last night elected the following officers: Ken Thompson, chairman; Hank Wist, vice-chairman in charge of publicity; Harry Zintel, vice-chair-man in charge of meetings; Bob Hargesheimer, membership vicechairman ; and Charles Stewart, sec-retary-treasurer.; Leaving at noon today for Indianapolis, members of the University chapter will visit' the International Engine plant and attend the Indiana Section SAE dinner and meeting at the Antlers Hotel tonight. Lieut. Col. J. K. Christmas of the U. S. Army Ordnance Department will present an illustrated lecture oh
“Tanks and Other Automotive Ordnance” at the meeting.-At present Col. Christmas is commanding officer at the Aberdeen proving grounds.
Meeting Tonight At 7:30 Tonight at 7:30 in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering building the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will hold its monthly meeting. The program for the evening will consist of a sound movie, “The Plow of Liquids in Pipes,” by the Crane Valve company. ASME charms and pins will be. distributed at the meeting. r.m.r..
GRAVESBAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERiES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
: '/
Mi rininita fnntiai y o;-. Btother RUT
PRISCILUUNE WAYNE MORRIS JOHNNIE‘SCAT DAVIS JANE BinrAN'EMME ALBERT MMU KHH'Miii vnuK'inn rint
With a victory and a loss making up their record, the Riveter cross country squad is leaving tomorrow night by train for Columbus, Ohio, where it Will meet the Ohio State harriers. The meet is the first dual meet that has ever been run between the two schools, although they have met many times in conference meets. Upset Panthers Last, Saturday, the Boilermakers, led by lanky Ed Holderman, upset the highly touted Panthers from Pitt and ran away with a 19 to 36 victory. Two weeks ago Coach Herman Phillips’ boys bumped into some trouble whep they fell before a strong squad from Indiana. In the Pitt victory, Holderman finished in his usual first position, followed closely by Jarvis, McLaughlin, Reeves, and Appelton. Evenly, Matched Teams The meet with the Buckeyes will furnish an interesting bit of rivalry to push interest in the clash between the two schools. In last year’s Big Ten Conference meet, the Riveters and the Buckeyes ended up in a tie for third place, a fact which speaks for the eveness of the two teams. The tie will be run off this Saturday and the winner will have the doubtful honor of Claiming third place in the conference standings. The blistering pace that Ed Holderman has been .setting in' the meets run so far. this year makes the enduring Riveter the present favorite to win the Conference championship. Walter Mehl of Wisconsin has gone the way of all graduates and -with him goes the last real hope of downing Holderman.
“It’s an answer from father about our elopement—He says: ‘Do not come home and all will be forgriven’ !”
WBAA
ll:0f PTA Program. 11:15 March Time. t 11:30 County Federation of Clubs. 11:60 Purdue News Plashes. 12:00 Social Security. 12:15 Sportsman Corner. 12:30 Meet the Band. 12:45 Monitor Views the News. 1:00 Religious News. 1:15 Eyes on Headlines. 1:30 Plying Club. 1:45 Market Reports.
2:00 The Apothecary, Prof. Zufall. 2:15 Edward Foley. 2:30 Parent Forum. 2:45 Treasure Chest. 3:00 Story of the Opera. 3:30 Tea Time Tunes. 4:00 Heard in the Hallway. 4:15 Eleanor Slopesraan, soprano. 4:30 Exponent of the Air. 4:45 Story Book Hour.
GOAL SPECIALS Kqymoor Poca. Lump........... New River Sewell Seam "Yankee Red Ash" Splint ........$7.75 W. Va. Cedar Grove Seam Ind. Deep Vein Tr. Stoker..............................$5.00 All of the above coals are guaranteed to give complete satisfaction or the unused portion will be removed and money refunded.
Phone 2405
308 Brown
322 Main St
Phone 5322
ARC
TODAY—SATURDAY
INVISIBLE KILER ^ WITH-4-ROLAND drew GRACE BRADLEY — and — "BULLET CODE" — WITH — GEORGE O’BRIEN
ALSO
ADDED
FIRST RUN NEWS
TODAY- FRIDAY- SAT.
TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
IWYSTEItY THRILLS IN A LOVE NESTI The year's grandest love-and-laugh hit!
Md tesito BANKS Sir Stymoor HICKS Robert NEWTON
PLUS—2ND FEATURE ..
SMEiQUITEERS
■ 'k.
T
'ii,
^ . -1
■rf
\Tjrv
Thtusdoyv October 17, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
/ h r
?/'
Inter-Squad Game Saturday Will Climax Busy Week For Boilermaker Gridmen Coach Mai Elward will hear no such complaints as were voiced at Columbus, yesterday ivhen the Buckeye squad made it known that they wanted more scrimmage and fundamental drill. For this week is to be one of the hardest that the Boilermaker gridders have to look forward to. With the vacancy in the schedule which will fall Saturday, except for an inter-squad game, the squad will not have to taper olf as they usually do’ on the days preceding a game.
lllusiOIK
The loss to Michigan State last Saturday was not only an enlbarrassing ordeal for the Riveters, but it resulted in injuries that may decide the future of thov team. With Rankin and Byelene on the sidelines, their positions must be filled by replacements taken from the ranks of the sophomore and junior subs.
THIS COAT IS fTii^^ohont.
MOTHPROOF SHOWERPROOF
""Alpagora'" is unlike any coat youVe ever owned . . . different with its silk-like fleece fabric that^,s so light, soft, and^durable. It is showerproof and guaranteed moth-proof for two full years . . . and the price is proof that it is Americans greatest coat value. $2750 AS FEATURED IN ^MftWUL
^juJUmiSL
316 State St. Phone 2237
Among the men who will be left the task of playing 60 minutes in the position that formerly was in such capable hands, a new Rankin or a new Byelene may be found. It is this hope that tints the injury situation with a slight color of hope. While the Boilermakers are mixing it up in an intra-squad game that is scheduled for Saturday, the remaining eight teams in the Big Ten will find their afternoons filled with more importai^t matters. The championship of the Big Ten may be decided by the winner of the Ohio State-Minnesota tilt. The Gophers will be playing their first conference game and they drew one of the toughest for this event, for the record of the Buckeyes really belies their power. Illinois will meet Tom Harmon and his Michigan cohorts while Indiana takes on Iowa, and Northwestern is expecting a breather in Wisconsin. j.d.f.
AS SEEN IN ES^”
KIOMP Beechnut brown moccasin. Half double sole, leather heel.
rampatan Harlem tan moc* casin. Molded a I r w e d g e rubber sole.
Y THE BEARD of the prophet, here are three shoes for luxurious loafing, calculated to in* spire a gleam in a Sultanas eye! We believe Natasha has been sacrificed to a noble cause.. .but at these prices, you can have one or all three leisure shoes illustrated here and still keep your Natasha to admire them.
WINTHROPSHOES $6.85 to $8.85 Colonial Grades $5 to $6
$5-50
KINNEY'S SHOES West Side of Square
Kemp Takes First Place In Greek Run
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Revelations upon revelations: Purdue was not defeated over at Ohio State. We hate to echo another sports writer’s column, but when Gordon Graham, Lafayette Journal and Courier sports editor, puts anything in his column, it’s not a jest. Here goes the big Getchell of the year, made by W. D. Knight, umpire of the Buckeye-Purdue game. His name may not be like the first offender’s, but he’ll certainly “Getchell.” I-I . . . Charley Maag, the guy that kicked the winning field goal of the game in the last 19 seconds, should never have been permitted to play after he had been re-injected into the Ohio lineup during the second quarter. The substituting rule reads as follows: “A player may be substituted for another at any time, but a player may not return in the same period or intermission in which he is withdrawn.”
Rule book continues: “The penalty for illegal entry is given as follows: The player shall be suspended from the game and his team penalized 15 yards.” I-I . . . Over at Columbus, Ohio State was leading 7-0 in the second quarter, and Maag had been taken out soon After the frame had started. Maag came back into the game in the same frame just before the half ended to figure in the touchdown scored in the last 41 seconds of the half, making the score 14-0, Ohio’s favor. If the officials had noticed the “fox” trick by Coach Schmidt of the Bucks, the Staters would have received the penalty of 15 yards and undoubtedly been unable to count the second touchdown. I-I.., But that isn’t where the pain comes in. Maag played the last part of the game, also; and kicked the goal that beat Purdue by three points. He shouldn’t have been near the playing field after his illegal entry in the second stanza, and Purdue would have at least tied the ball game, and won it, maybe, if the Bucks had been permitted from going some 28 yards in two plays before the half ended. I-I . . . But some persons are too inarticulate athletically to pay attention to their jobs—Mr. Official! I-I . . . Jim Rush has been assigned to Rankin’s job of protecting Purdue’s left flank. Jim isn’t as great a ball player as Captain David, but the Lafayette product is close to onetenth of a ton, and he’s no weak sister on short passes and defense. Watch him go. He’s an excellent engineer in the class room, too. Nope, “GA” hasn’t put a bug in me ear.
Alpha Kappa Lambda Defeats Four Other Fraternities In Combat For Team Honors Maintaming the lead position all the way, Don Kemp, spphomore PE student, won the annual interfratemity cross country meet held yesterday afternoon on Russell field. Besides winning individual honors, Kemp aided his fraternity, Alpha Kappa Lambda, ih gamering first place in team competition, with the lowest score of seventeen points. Furthermore, Don shattered the record for the 1939 race, which he also won, and established a new one of 12:29.1.
Keen Competition
The race was run over a two and three-quarter mile course which comprised three laps of the field. To illustrate the manner in which the victor outclassed the pack, he had lapped them at the completion of the second time around. However, the competition was closer than this would indicate, for 111 of the 127 starters finished the gruell-
ing stretch.
Other men who finished well up among the leaders were: Weinfurtner of Phi Delta Theta, second; Lsmch of Lambda Chi Alpha, third; Peuheral of Alpha Kappa Lambda, fourth; Sauter of Sigma Phi Epsilon, fifth. The Greek squads which followed Alpha Kappa Lambda in the order of their finish were: Pi Kappa Alpha, Kappa Sigma, Phi Delta Theta and Delta Tau Delta.
Southern Gentlemen Tag Too Hard; U. Of Kentucky Bans IM Touch Football Touch football — that supposedly gentle ,cousin of regular football— has been getting a little too rough for the boys at the University of Kentucky, and consequently has been ruled off of the southerner’s
intramural program.
It seems that some of the lads were getting a little plasrful during the games and accidently closing their fists while in the process of
tagging an opponent.
Mr. C. Hakensmith, head of the intramural department and the voice behind the dropping of the sport, said that more participants were being injured in touch football than in the regular game. Some even required hospitalization. Most of the injuries were received from over-zealous blocks, but then at times the tagging developed into wild hillbilly,haymakers during the “more important” games. j.f.a.
American colleges and universities should abolish textbooks and substitute the study of 100 of the world’s greatest books, according to Dr. Mortimer J. Adler, author if “How to Read a Book.”
Telephone men know this piece of apparatus as the 108>A Amplifier. It is an "exploring amplifier,” developed by Bell System engineers to identify pairs of wires in telephone cables—some of which contain as many as 4242 wires. The cable man ex,plores this mass of wires with the pencil-like probe. A tone sounding in the headphone tells him when he has found the ri^t pair. Ingenuity—special equipment—attention td details—play an important part in making your telephone service the clearest and fastest in the world.
Why not report "All’s well" to the folks at home? Rotes to most points are lowest any night after 7 P.M. and oil day Sunday.
Trophy For Victors A trophy will be awarded to the winning fraternity in addition to the participation points involved. Attractive keys go to the members of the victorious team for their individual efforts. Herman Phillips, varsity track coach, started ^the large group off and was pleased to see that practically every house was represented with its quota of four mdn. Reviewing last year’s results, Kemp, with a time of 12:56 headed Mert Clevett of Phi Kappa Psi, Bill Taylor of Phi Kappa Sigma and A1 Pastrick of Beta Sigma Psi. The Theta Tans captured the honors for highest team score, and were followed to the finishing tape by Alpha Kappa. Lambda, Sigma Alpha Epsilon and Pi Kappa Alpha. Mert Clevett is a son of Chief Clevett, who directs the campus intramural program, t.c. Silver Mask Meets ith Co-ed Fencers To all«co-ed fencers who are interested in forming a women’s fencing club, the Silver Mask wishes to extend an invitation to attend its regular business meeting to be held tonight at 7:15 o’clock in the east reception room of the Union. For the past several years the Silver Mask has maintained the tradition of fencing and hs^ encouraged an interest in fencing throughout the University. Since practice of the art of the foil has become so popular among the co-eds, it occurred to the members of Silver Mask that the girls might like an organization of their own to further fencing in their group. Therefore, the purpose of the joint meeting is to discuss plans for such a club. The new club will receive the benefit of the experience of the already existing one in getting it off to a good, start. After the business of the meeting has been disposed of, re&eshments will be served to those present. d.tJb. Mixed Recreation Mixed recreation will be held at the Women’s Gymnasium tomoxxow ni^ht with hours &om 8 to 10 p. m. There will be swimming for men providing they have a date. Women will be admitted free of charge but men must pay ten cents. m.m.
Field
Intramural Sporls
TOVCHBAIJU-Todwr
Phi Kappa va. Delta Upsilon. N. €ioM*
stein.
^ ^ W. B. McAdams. 3 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi SixmaSispa. F. Meyer. * *^**’£?‘ Psi vs. Lamhda Chi AlsA*. ' B. J. McCarthy. 5 Kwpa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. IMeli
Tom
7 S^ma Nu vs, Tau IKpsttun Hii. S. Ktdh*
* Gamma IWIU. C. Skinner. ~ ALL CAMPUS CMILpw'radar Douglas vs. Lange. Seabiight vs. Shook or Dixon. Hawk vs. Blchar^ott or Coombs.Classified Ads
vice. Cara for all benight. Phone, 2407.
of portable typewriters, $29.76 to Office supplies. ^ Mimeograph and
PPBDP^ EXfpwENT
>: Meeting for all m and applicants Thursday, October 7:80 p. m. in room 828 of Union.
17 at
Here^s One Argument
36401.
—NORQUEST.
the home of Mrs. H. S.
140 South Salisbury st., 22, at 7 :80 p. m. All
—GERSTUNG,
They were seven days out at sea with the same air that got on at Hoboken blanketing the gigantic bunking quarters of the converted German luxury liner. And if the air hadn’t changed, neither had their cloWies; facilities for washing were practically non-existant. The troop transport took two weeks to cross the Atlantic. When it docked at Brest Septeniber of 1917, the raw American doughboys who marched off and were shipped to a training camp in western ^France hadn’t yet seen a gun.
WANTED—Driving to St. Louis. Leave Saturday. 6 a. m. Return Sunday p. m. ’40 Plymouth. $5.00 round trip. Phone 5021,
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m.
Independent Men: Those interested in singing in the PIA men’s chorus sign up in PIA office in Union Building or contact Smulevitz. There are still ten vacancies. —SMULEVITZ.
Civil Camp Refund: Checks are ready for the following: Von Behren, Curran, Walker, Pace, Love, B. A. Johnson, Jones, George. —LOMMEL.
Chemical Engineers: Those who desire to purchase subscriptions at reduced rates to Chem and Met Engineering magazine or the Purdue Engineer along with membership to AIChE must do so before Tuesday, October 22. See any of the following: John Galloway, Ed CzeUkusch, John Bruck, Don Swaim, Walt Stanton, Dick Krayblll, John Sell, Reinhardt Bergstet, Bob Massey. Chem Engineers: Membership cards may be obtained in Jfrof. Shreve’s office in Chem and Met Building. —MASSEY.
Newman Club: Contact committee meeting Thursday, October 17, at 4 p. m.’in the Union. Please bring in all tickets and membership cards. —McCONAHAY.
Co-ed Fencers: Meeting Thursday, October 17, at 7:15 p. m. in East Reception Room. Refreshments will be served. —McCONAHAY.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, October 17, at 7:15 p. m. in the East Reception Room. Refreshments will be served. —McCONAHAY.
Newman Club: Discussion groups will meet on Wednesday and Thursday, October 16 and 17, at 7:30 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. —LUERS.
Newman Club : Executive meeting at 4 :l6 p. m. on Thursday, October 17, in room 302 of the Union. —McCONAHAY.
Cleveland Purdue Club: Meeting Monday, October 21, at 8 p. m. Place will be announced later. —STEVENS.
Geres: Meeting postponed until Tuesday. October 22. —JOHNSON.
Modem Dance Club: Rehearsal Wednesday, October 16, at 4 p. m. and Friday, October 18, at 4 p. m. for new members as well as old. —SWOPE.
All Senior Men: It is a regulation of the University that all seniors have a physical examination for employment purposes. Report to the Student Health Service without fail to schedule a time for this examination. Seniors who do not take this examination run the risk of not seeing the companies they wish to interview. —MILLER.
Camera Club: No meeting this week due to change of schedule. Tanco to speak next week on “Portraiture.” —TOWLE.
Mortar Board: Put addressed invitations in wire basket in WSGA office. Get key at West desk. ' —TERSTEGGE.
Here's a new Foil leather tone, "Boarded Chestnut" I Rich brown, hand-boarded for pliancy, styled here in a smart blucher. Gome in and fry it on todayl ,
_ will be held Thursday, October 17. at 7 :30 p. ,m. in room 302 of the Union. It will be followed by a vote op new memAll members please be present. —GRIFFIN.
Iota Lambda Delta meeting for all T & held Friday, October
Faculty Lounge of the Union.
jciQucBiion oiuuenis: get-acquainted dinner I E students will be 18, at 6 p. m. in East
•ROSE.
Men’s and Women’s SCA and Clubs’ Representatives: Meeting Thursday, October 17, at 4:00 p. m. in room 308. of the Union with the actives committees of PIA. —GRIFFIN.
They had been in the army since June, had spent the first two weeks standing in line at a camp in Virginia waiting for uniforms which didn’t exist. The conscripts had arrived in camp with only the clothes on their baejes. Eventually when it became decorous they washed their clothes and hung them up to dry, which they didn’t because of the damp, rainy weather. They put the clothes on wet, and they dried after some good exercise. Then, still wearing the civilian clothes, they were shunted to Fort Dixon, Massachusetts, where some ill-fitting olive drab uniforms were finally distributed.
Newman Club: Mpiithly Communion will be held Sunday, October 20, instead of the usual third Sunday of the month because of Homecoming. .Mass is at 9 :30 a. rii. at St. Malay’s. Breakfast immediately after. —BENNA.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting and pledging Friday, October 18, at 4:30 p. m. in room 304 of Union. —CORTISSOZ.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, October 22, in EE Building. P. H. Reedy will speak on “Resistance-Capacitance Audio Filter Units.” —FREED.
Ihterfratemity Presidents’ Council; Meet- , ing Thursday, October 17, at 6 p. m. at the* Delta Tau Delta house. —DOUGLASS.
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday,'October 17, at 4 p. m. in the office. —BRYANT.
POMM: Formal pledging will take place in the Armory at 5 p. m. Thursday, October 17. Actives must be there in formal uniform. Important business will also be discussed. —GIBSONS
When they embarked for France, no conscript in that artillery group had yet seen a cannon, much less fired one. They knew a little bit about drill, what they had learned when they weren’t standing in line during those first J^our months. In France they found the girls nice and everybody shouted “Vive I’Americains,” but still no guns. About six \yeeks later they went into action against the Germans on the Western Front. The French army was collapsing, there was open mutiny in the ranks, and the American troops who were almost sure by that time which end of a 75 the shell went in, were told to stop the German advance. They did. A good percentage also stopped more than the Germans.
Wesley Players: Tryouts for one act temperance play Friday, October 18, at 4 and 8 p. m. at the Foundation House. !, —PETERSON.
Military Ball Committee: Meeting Thursday, October 17, 4 p; m. in room 292 of Armory. —AULL.
That happened after conscription in 1917. This story is no fairy tale told to excite collegiate lovers of “Terry and the Piratp° .” No one can argue that such a tragic waste of life, energy, and luoney be repeated.
All Bicyclists: AH day ride to Camp Tecumseh Sunday, October 20! Get youff tickets before ,6 p. m. Saturday from any of the following: Vern Vanderbilt, 8446 ; Frank Witford, 6086 ; Wilford Bartelt, 45892 ; Esther Weed, 36772. —VANDERBILT.
We think this is a good argument for the present conscription. Let’s get equipped and learn how to shoot some guns now. This edition of the German army is even more lively than the one in 1917. j.l.t.
Dated Laundered Shirts
Win Again!
Every year our "Dated Laundered Shirts' finish first in the shirt lonigevity race.
It's really a walk away for we launder so carefully that we are able to GUARANTEE ALL shirts exclusively Crown laundered a year's wear . . . or replacement.
PHONE 4037
TIME C L E A W E R S OF F I N E C L O T HE
OGT. 26th , HOMECOMING MIXER I *
AT PURDUE
iC
we
jy
Be a Glamour Girl in a wideskirted picture frock—or a slim sophisticated charmer! See our collection— ultra feminine talfetrs, shinnihg satins, stunning crepes, lustorous velvet, flimsy nets for any formal occasion.
$12.95 to $25
'LOOK TO . . .
For more style at less cost”
Thursday/October 17/1940
While 'you were digging, divots this summer we were digging into Clothes Facts and we're ready with all the answers. We know that you probably wouldn't admit that clothes were too important to you—-but don't forget, that little redhead in Eng. Lit. will probably be back, this year, and well— you wouldn't want to disappoint her! Here's the newest idea in rough fabric suits^—the model is called "Varsity" and it has three buttons and the new ticket pocket that is so smart this season. Come in and let us show you this new style in *
^}v|
J
'I*
V ill
m