^ ^ S j '' , ^
I
V
•'I-* ,
I
©he Purilue TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVm
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1936
NUM]^4fr
3,817 Students Sign Petition
For Holiday Executive C Q m m i 11 ee Will Vote On Petition Monday Afternoon
The complete petition for & Thanksgiving holiday, signed by 3,817 students was turned in to President Elliott’^ office yesterday afternoon shortly before 3 o’clock. The executive committee of 24 members will vote on the holiday question at their regular meeting next Monday. Tuesday’s issue of the Exponent will carry a story outlining the results. If the holiday is not granted this year, a moveihent by the Student Senate would probably be sufficient to get the calendar changed for next year, according to Prof. F. C. Hockema.
Miss Indiana Is Dead!
Knapp Wins Speech Final
Talks on ‘The Cost Of Crime Briscoe Awarded Second Place
Alden P. Enapp, civil engineering student was awarded first place m the Sophomore Hanley Speech Contest last night on his speech dealing with the “Cost Of Crime.” William Briscoe, chemical student, won second place on his speech entitled “Socialized Medicine.” These two men suiwived from the group of six contestants who were chosen in this afternoon’s preliminary contest. Judges in this evening’s contest were; Dr. C. B. Aiken, electrical engineering professor; Dr. W. V. Owen, economics professor; Michael Ricks, Lafayette attorney; and Robert Horn of the speech department. H. G. Veneman acted as chairman.
Archery Display, Hockey Games For Co-ed Sports Day
Co-ed Sports Day will be obseiwed Saturday with an archery exhibition and two hockey games beginning at 10 a. m. The two high scoring archers of each of the five archery classes will compete in the tournament. Novelty shooting as well as straight shooting will compose part of this exhibition. The twenty-four hockey players chosen from this season’s participants, will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent. These players will constitute the opposing teams for the Gold and Black game. Following the all-star game, a third team, the Etceteras, will play the Lafayette Hockey Club, comlposed of alumni, faculty members, and out-of-town players.
Poi8tpone Religious Convo To December 6
The next monthly University religions convocation will be held on Sunday, Decepiber 6, instead of Sunday, November 29, according to an announcement made by Prof. Hadley. Rabbi H. A. Silver, of Cleveland, Ohio, who is the speaker for the convocation, will be unable to come to the University until December 6th.
More Days To Qet That
BUCKET!
Body Enroute Here
By I. N. Diana
Scoop Service Inc. Bloomington, Indiana,, November 18.—(Special)—Gloom ... so heavy and thick it could be cut with a butter knife . . . settled on the Indiana University campus here today as the deplorable news of Miss Indiana Football’s sad death leaked out from closely guarded sources. The Old Oaken Bucket was not nearly large enough to hold the thousands (yea, even millions) of tears that were shed over the passing of this notable yet ineffective gridiron figure. Accurate reports giving the details of “the end” were not available, but unofficial sources said it happened this way: Scene: White-walled room in the “fo«tball-itis” institute of the Indiana football stadium. Time: 8:6654 P- Wednesday, November 18. Chief Consultant Physician “Bo” McMillin awakens from a fitful slumber by a bed in which the emaciated form of Miss Indiana is piled. He glances at the bed to be re-
assured that she is still breathing. He rubs his eyes. He cannot believe his eyes, (who could?) Miss Indiana is not breathing. He commences a feverish examination. The result is inevitable. Miss Indiana is dead. She passed away while Doctor “Bo” wai^ sleeping. When consulting physicians made a quite thorough examination they arrived at the conclusion that she had been dead for several long months without “Bo” knowing it. Indiana students bit their upper lips collectively without being able to stop the tears. Rapid Embalming Despite the flood of tears which impeded traffic here, plans went forward for a rapid embalming. The eyes of Indiana students were so swollen by continuous weeping that they were unable to see, so it was useless to put the body on display in a Bloomington Funeral Home. In order that the body shall not go to the grave without lying in state where crowds can
view it, the corpse is being brought to the Purdue Memorial Union Building where it will be on exhibit in the lobby all day Friday. The casket has been sealed in a boiler for the trip and will be removed from said boiler and placed in ,the lobby. Due to the serious type of jitters which caused the death, the boiler sealing was necessary to prevent complete disintegration. Floral Donations Purdue fraternities and sororities have been asked to donate flowers in order that the casket may rest in a gorgeous flower banked bier while on display in the lobby. Tentative plans for an elaborate burial service Friday have been started. Contrary to rumors emanating from this burg. Old John Purdue, who visited here in an attempt to pay his respects to Miss Indiana, is in the best of health. Competent doctors today okeyed him for a life insurance policy. He is in no danger of'dying.
Playshop To Present ‘Hairy Ape’ Tomorrow
Performance In Duncan Hall At 8:30; Tiekets Go On Sale in Memorial Union Building “The Hairy ^ " “
Kiwanis Wm Honor Football Men
Hannagan To Address Squad At Banquet On Monday
Steve Hannagan, former Lafayette resident and nationally known sports publicist, will be one of the principal speakers at' the annual Kiwanis Club banquet in honor of the Purdue football squad Monday evening at 6:30 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building.
In addition to Hannagan’s address, the awards to the varsity and freshman teams will be announced, and the 1937 captain will be elected. Tickets for the banquet have already been placed on sale at Decker’s, Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the Union desk, or may be purchased from Kiwanis Club members.
Exchange Receipts For Coupon Books
Students still holding temporary receipts for athletic coupon books must turn the receipts into the University ticket office before Friday evening and receive in exchange a regular coupon book in order to gain admission to the Indiana game, it was announced last night by Ticket Manager C. S. Doan. The temporary receipts will not be honoi’ed at the Indiana game.
Plan Luncheon
For Dad’s Day Tickets WiU Go On Sale
Dean Honors
Erasmus Day
Dr. G. J. Laing Speaks At Convo On Educator
Combining wit and companionability, with tremendous literary powers, Erasmus, Dutch philosopher and writer is thought by many authorities to have been the greatest scholar of the sixteenth century, according to Dr. Gordon J. Laing, dean of the Humanities and head of the University Press at the University of Chicago, who spoke before over 800 students and faculty at a convocation yesterday afternoon in Fowler Hall.
This convocation was a part of a nation-wide program among a great many educational institutions to honor the memory and mark the anniversary of the death of Erasmus, 400 years ago yesterday.
In Union Today Tickets for the Dad’s Day luncheon may be purchased from 4 to 6;30 p. m. today at a table in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building. The luncheon will be given Saturday noon and the price of the tickets will be 60 cents. Governor McNutt will attend and President Elliott will give a short talk. The luncheon will be over in plenty of time for the Indiana football game.
L. V. Moser Talks To Art Club Tonight
L. V. Moser will address the Ai*t Club tonight at 7 o’clock in room D of the Memorial Union Building. He will discuss “Different Types Of Architecture Relating To The Locality.”
FRATERNITIES - SORORITIES All Fraternities and Sororities are urged to submit appropriate bouquets or wreaths to place around the casket of Miss Indiana in the Memorial Union Building. These should be turned in to the Union desk before 9 o’clock Friday morning. —HODGDON.
Autographed Football On
Exhibit Today
Pigskin Goes To Lucky Number At Pep Session
Ape,” Playshop’s
Dad’s Day production to be enacted in Duncan Hall tomorrow and Saturday nights at 8:30 o’clock, is a comedy of ancient and modem life with an interesting note for the sociologist. Tickets are on sale each evening in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building from 4 until 6 o’clock, and all day Satimday. The play is imique in that there has been no attempt at realism in the design and execution of the scenery; rather, the settings have been planned to provide but two things—acting space for the several scenes and the mere suggestion
of locale.
Cast
The cast includes Louis Juillard, as Yank; Gene Wright as Long; and Irvin Luthi as Paddy, the three leading stokers on the S. S. Douglass. Other stokers are: Walter Hoover, Glen Cross, Vincent Skachinske, Don Carson, and Richard Hedlund. Thais Crepps will play the role of a wealthy young girl with Gaby Roe as her aunt. The engineers are: Douglass Harvy and Bruce Witwer. Ladies: Barbara Gibbs, Harriette Billings, Mariana Wilson, and Willie Cross. Gentlemen: Russell Luke, Robert Cooley, Henry Frazee, and Raymond Glos. An officer: Joseph Small Guard: Robert Harruff. Secretary: Gilbert Devore. I. W. W. members: J. R. Jarvis, Fay O’Bannon, and Harvy Brenman.
Autographs of all players on the Boilermaker gridiron eleven and of the entire coaching staff have been penned on the $16 football which will be given to some student at Friday night’s pep session. The backhand slant of Cecil Isbell the flourishing signature of Wayne Gift, and the autographs of more than 30 other gridders were placed on the ball in the dressing room yesterday afternoon, while that of Captaih Bell was obtained at a practice session on Stuart Field. , The ball will be on display at the Union desk today and possibly tomorrow. Students must know their student number to claim the ball Friday night. These numbers may be found on the student fee receipt from the University cashier or may be obtained from class instructors.
Mothers’ Dinner
Saturday Night
Tickets for the Mothers’ Dinner sponsored by the Purdue Mothers’ Club, to be held Saturday evening at 6 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memoi'ial Union Building may be purchased any time tomorrow at the Memorial Union desk or Saturday at the Dad’s Day Registration desk. Dean Mary L. Matthews will be the speakei’, and the Girls’ Glee Club will give a shoi't program.
1937 Indiana Auto Tags To Bear Purdue Colors
The 1937 Indiana license plates, which will be released in the near future, will bear the colors of Pvu’due University. The plates will have gold numerals on a black background.
Blanket Hop
Honors ‘P’ Men
/
The annual Blanket ^Hop, honoring the University’s “P” men^^H be given tomorrow night in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building from 9 until 12 o'clock. Sponsored by the Union, the proceeds will be used to buy blankets for the members of the teams. Anson Weeks and his orchestra will furnish the music for the dance and will feature Margie Dee as vocalist. The admission to the affair will be one dollar per couple.
George Ade’s Condition Is
Improved
Physician Gives Famed Humorist Fair Chance
For Recovery
George Ade, world famous humorist and playwrite and Purdue graduate of the class of ’87, who is in a critical condition following a serious attack of lung disease and heart trouble, showed some improvement yesterday. Dr. Harold A. Ryan, Ade’s physician, stated that, barring new infection or other mifavorable developments, the noted writer would recover.
Feeders Here Tomorrow
Cattlemen Assemble In Judging Pavilion At 10:30 a. m.
Hartom To Play For WAA Dance
Dick Hartom and his orchestra from the University of Illinois will fui’nish the music for the “HalfWay Meet” dance sponsored by W. A. A., which will be held December 4 from 9 till 12 in the Memorial Union Ballroom. Although the dance is a co-ed bid, the gprls will pay: only for the tickets which are $1.00. This will be a long dress infoi*mal affair. Martha Smith and Edna Schwab are in charge of ticket sales. Tickets are available at the sorority houses. Women’s Residence Hall, individual rooming houses, and the W. A. A. and TP. I. A. offices. Ernestine Brown is chairman of the decoration committee.
Miss Betty Schofield, ’34, who is employed as a dietician at the Glen Lake Sanitainum, Minneapolis, Minnesota, is here visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Harold Schofield, for three weeks.
Let The Team Know You Are All Behind Them
To refresh the memory of some of the more fo^etful students the following cheers which will be used during the Purdue-Indiana game are herewith printed.
PURDUE YELL Purdue! Purdue! Rah! Rah! Purdue! Purdue! Rah! Rah! Hoorah Hoorah Bully For Old Purdue!
PURDUE SERIES Purdue, Purdue Rah! Rah! Purdue, Purdue „ Bah! Rah!
Hoorah! Hoorah! Bully For Old Purdue Hunipty Dumpty, Hoopty Doo What’s the matter with Old Purdue Rickety! Rickety! Rickety! Right! Old Purdue is out of sight! (Slower) Say! What? This’s What! What’s What? They All Say! What Do They Say? PURDUE !
Yea ! PURDUE ! YEA, PURDUE! ' (And Spell It Out) Yea-a-a-a-a-a / Purdue! Yea-a-a-a*a'*a Purdue! P-U-R-D-U-E PURDUE
YEA, PURDUE, FIGH'TI Yea-a-a-a-a-a Yea-a*a-a-a-a Yea-a-a-a-a-a Purdue
Fight—ESght—^Fight Fight—Fight—Fight
(Slow)
Fight—^Fight—^Fight Fight—Fight—Fight
Yea-a-a-a-a-a Purdue Fight
(Fast)
SIS-S-S-S-S BOOM ! Sis«8>8-s*8-8 Boom I Yea-a-'O-a-a'a Purdue!
Members of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association will assemble in the Livestock Judging Pavilion at 10:30 tomorrow morning for the first session of their annual meeting. Prof. Frank G. King, chief of the animal husbandry department and secretary of the association is in charge of arrangements. Dr. E. C* Yoimg, of the University farm management staff, will address the group in the afternoon session. Other speakers include Brother Leo, manager of the Notre Dame farm for many years; James Little; Paul Thompson; and Newell Merrill.
WBAA Plans Open House
WBAA Announces that the “Just Kids” program broadcast Saturday morning from 11 to 11:30 as well as a special Dad’s Day program by Bud Bryant and his orchestra from 12 to 12:30 p. m. Saturday,
will be open to the general public.
Both of these programs will be broadcast from the music room in the Memorial Union Building. Bud Bryant will feature Jo Friend as soloist and Bob Heine as master of ceremonies. WBAA will go on the air at 1:40 p. m. to give the Purdue-Indiana game Saturday.
Tickets For Union Cabaret Formal On Sale Tomorrow
The Union Anniversary Cabaret Formal will be given Friday, November 27, in the Memorial Union ballroom from 9 till 12. Bud Bryant and his orchestra will fumisK the music. 'Tickets, 190 in number, priced at $1.60, will go on sale tomorrow at the Union desk. Table reservations
can be made any time next week, in the Union office. As special features of the dance, flowers will be given to the girls, punch will be served, and confetti, hats, streamers, and whistles will be distributed around the tables.w
sfekiS
iwSs ,@H%S
mm
'"tk •
tE*)iige *1*^0
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
N^eifeftlb ^
A Great Si
#ith the death of Madame Ernestine Schumann>Hemk, the world mourns the passing of this famous contralto. She died quietly, after an extended illness, in her hillside home overlooking Hollywood, thus ending a long and illustrious career. Maaame Schumann-Heink’s life was not only a great one but a varied one* She sang the contralto leads in grand opera at the age of seventeen. She married three times. Two of her sons, by her first and second marriages, were killed in the World War. One was with the German army; the other in the allied forces. Her great voice was in demand the world over, she was a member of the Metropolitan Opera Company for several seasons, and sang with numerous others in Europe. Madame Schumann-Heink contributed much to American entertainment. She appeared in vaudeville, on the stage, and over the radio. Only a short time before her death, a Hollywood producer stated that she was destined to be a great movie star. During the World War she entertained the soldiers on both sides of the trenches. Her services cannot be measured iii the Cheering up of the doughboys When they were low in spirit. Her wonderful singing will always be remembered by those who were “over there.” —K.E.O.
Exammation vs. Exemption
Students are prone to complain about the three-hour final examinations, and to praise the kind benefactor who originated the custom of giving exemptions in some courses. Studying for such an examination means reviewing an entire semester’s work, and the complete routine of studying and writing a lengthy paper is always a long and tedious task.
Are the benefits derived from taking these tests worth the trouble ? If a student has a perfect understanding of the subject and he could apply its principles to practical problems, the effort would be wasted. But, in the case of the average student, this review is as valuable as all the rest of the studying done during the semester. The ordinary student keeps up with his work and understands it fairly well when the weekly or monthly tests come up. However, after taking the test, he promptly forgets all he has learned, and starts afresh on the new work in the course. If the subject offers exemption and his grades are up to the required standard, he leaves the course without ever reviewing any of the earlier work. The chances are excellent that his knowledge will be very hazy indeed when he tries to apply the material in the course in actual practice. Merely “cramming” for the final won’t do any good if no studying has been done all semester, but a complete review such as these examinations require is well worth any inconvenience suffered. —^H. I. S.
The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and, reasonable, length from its readers.
Has It Been Forgotten ?
To the Editor:
Three weeks have elapsed since the drive started to restore the no smoking tradition on the campus. A few students, thinking that three weeks is long enough time for the campaign to blow over, have started to smoke on the campus again.
®f)e ^utituE CxponEnt
Founded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 ^socic^d Gbtiec^ate Press C^stributors of
G>ne6i(ieDi6esl
RKPRESENTED WOH NATIONAL ADVERTI81NO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York. N.Y. CHICAGO . Boston ■ san Francisco Mis Angeles . Portland - Seattle
Entered as second class matter at the iiost office, laiayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
' ^ MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street BuAinesa Phone 6038 , Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Cditor-in-Chief. danaging Editor Associate Editors
EDITOBIAL STAFF ■ ;... .........W. T. Hunt —..E. H. Morris ...IC. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
a n..*.* 8P0BT8 STAFF Sporto Editor. l d -viTood Aasodtete Sports Editors....™,.. .. ,.W, H. Flfiirfd, S. B, Qriffiths, ' B. F. Obenchain
_ , „ business STAFF f^ineas ManiHcer............... ‘ National Advertising Manager Uocai Advertising Manager. OfagBlation MaiiMwar....... ’
B, J. Hulse L. H. Brown D, 0. Miller .....J. P. Girard
Editor.....,,. Advertising Manager. AMoeiato Editon.,™,...
WOMEN’S STAFF —Helen Creech Betty Barnett .... Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, ■ • Elisabeth Pyke
issiis Rdlfor-^W. M. Anthony
A great many of the offenders are seniors and juniors who supposedly set the example on the campus for underciassihen. These illustrious upp^classmen, many of whom had helped start the campaign, seem to have forgotten what they started and are continuing old habits. The walk from the Memorial Gymnasium to Grant street has a great many offenders walking on it every day. Many who have been smoKing on this part of the campus give the reason that the tradition holds good only on the old part of the campus. That would be a very , odd tradition for no smoking on the campus. Many upperclassmen are smoking by the Grant street door of the Civil Building. Perhaps they think that since it is almost off the campus, it’s all right to smoke there. Consequently, the place is littered up with cigarette stubs. , The organizations on the caihpus began the campaign to get the student body as a whole to regard this tradition. They did not desire it to be forgotten in a few weeks—especially by upperclassmen. They did not expect to keep telling students to quit when they were smoking. Instead, they expected to get the support of the student body, which they are not getting.—^K. E. 0. '
The music room has turned out to be a lovely smooch —at least a certain Projf’s daughter and a lad by the name of McEachron think it a rather luxurious place to pitch woo . . .
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column» Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
International Chess
Who is running the Spanish civil war? The Spaniards themselves are getting killed and wounded, but many observers are convinced that the real issue is between Russia on the one side and Germany and Italy, the fascists on the other.
It has been proven that these three nations have meddled in the bloody conflict. There is no doubt but that they are vitally'concerned with the outcome of the war. A fascist Spain —and Spain seems destined for a fascist dictatorship—would be another link in the chain tightening around France. A communistic Spain—of which there is little hope at present—would be a valuable asset to both France and Russia. A recent cartoon depicted Stalin and Mussolini as chess players, with the map of Spain as the playing board and the Spanish soldiers as pawns. This is indeed a true picture of the situation as it exists today. And the rivers of blood in the cartoon were not merely symbols—if press dispatches are to be believed.
Yellow Slips And Rush
/;
“The proof of the pudding is in the> eating thereof.” Rush has been discussed “pro and con” ever since this semester began, but now we have another angle on it since the yellow slips came out. Upperclass women who took an active part in rush have received lower grades than ever before. Co-eds who usually were good students received yellow slips this semester for the first time. Freshmen co-eds semed to get more yellow slips than ever before. This isn’t consistent, because the courses have been arranged so as to lighten the load carried by freshman women. Even orientation grades weren’t indicative of scholastic ability in many cases. If we can’t have rush before school starts, why wait so long after classes do begin to have it? Have it during registration, or just after classes start. Why wait until assignments are really being given in earnest ? Why have a rush period that lasts so long? It is difficult to make up two weeks of school, and that is just what many a sorority girl had to do. ■ Perhaps professors have been lenient in previous years and not issued as many yellow slips as were earned. There may be more -this year, because of the larger enrollment. But, when women students, who always have done good work, begin to fail, rush may have had just a little bit to do with it.—J. R. J.
’Tis rumored that our dearest coeds have finally gotten wise to themselves???—they are circulating a fraternity blacklist—Cary Hall is taking the biggest rap and one certain individual in said hall is respdnsible . . . while blacklists are the current topics what about the co-ed blacklist being shoved around by a couple of society-bent frats—if this is straight stuff, no town babies for me ...
TOSS A COIN Prof: “Willie, how many children are there in your family?” Willie: “Four.” Prof: “How many boys ? ” Willie: “Oh, three or four.” Prof: “What do you mean, three or four?” Willie: “Well, onfe of them went to college and became a BETA.”
V<> hy IMMI Vtetm 8jriidl«Bts» Xne.
“Here’s the ideal dog for a small apartment, lady—he wags his tail up and down!”
(Ed’s note of DEFENSE to the brothers).
if you don’t print this I will know it is because you are a Beta yourself. Now, you wouldn’t want anyone to think that you were holding out just on account of that would you?”
The poor Thetas had to endure a very boring evening last night— they were invited to the Sig house for tea, or something stronger . . .
WHO is this ALICE (the goon) that every one is referring to of late—could it be one of our campus belles??? ...
MARS PASSES MARS DAD’S DAY POMES^DAD’S DAY POMES — DAD’S DAY POMES TURN THEM IN AT THE UNION DESK ...
WANTED, A RESPONSE: TANNY SPRING, why did you walk into the Alpha Chi. House with a certain article draped over your arm yesterday noon—the story I received leaves some doubt in my mind ...
Home Ec Studeiits Will Make Inspection Tour
Home Economics students, accompanied by Miss Edith Gamble and Miss Amy Howe, will go to Chicago tomorrow for an inspection tour sponsored for University students by the Chicago Group of Home Economics Women in Business. The trip is for students interested in the business side of Home Economics.
Faculty Members Flap To Attend State Meeting
Several members of the University faculty are planning to attend an all-state meeting of the American Association of University Professors, which will be held at Bloomington December 6. Di*. F. J. Allen, of the chemistry department, secretary-treasurer of the University section, is in charge of the plans.
Sutcliffe To Speak On‘‘ Biographies
99
“Biographies,” will be the topic of the discussion at the Browsing Room meeting tonight at 7:30. Professor Sutcliffe, of the English department, will lead the meeting. He was instrumental in selecting the list of biographies in the Browsing Room.
“We cannot tear a single page from our life, but we can throw the whole book into the fire.”—George Sand..
An AGP report states that “Purdue has restricted all campus driving.” Don’t we know it. ■
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish stjudent SELF>Gpvemment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system* 6. Permit open campaigning in ail popular electifMiB.
Today, Friday, Saturday Big Double Feature Lafayette’s First Showing
JAN KEITH TALA BIRELL
‘WHITE LEGION”
Plus Second Feature “I’ll Name the Murderer’
Sun., Mon., Tues., Wed. Starts
MID-NITE
SAT. NITE 11:30 p. m. A love story that speaks from the deep heart of one glorious woman to the secret hearts of all women!
Hepburn in her tenderest role
'since “Little tt®
Women.”
DONALD CRISP poria DUDLEY OfivM MANNERS
Only 3 More Days
To See the Outstanding Picture of the Year
495.000 of (be Most Thrilling Words Ever Written Now Veep so Life on The Sereea •• Werner Brae. Film the <^t Novel 3.000,000 People Hevo Retd aad Loved. «
Warner Bros. Present
SINTIIONU ADVERSE
e,HERVEY ALLEN
FREDRIC MARCH WUh m C.il o! 2MS Fluyrr,. iMluJI.t ^ OLIVIA de HAVILLAND ANITA LOUISE . DONALD WOODS EDNtUND eWENN • C‘-AUDE BAIIW • LOUIS HAYWARD • C.le Soii(lcrr..rt . Sicffi Dun. .811, M.ucl|.Ak!ni T.n.iroir.R^ph M<.f«.n.Hcn^ 0-Nc.ll DirMiwlbv MERVYN LeROY
Prices This Attraction Matinee 15c - 25c - 35c Night 15c - 35c - (45c-5c tax) 50c
THURSDAYS AND SATURDAYS
Picture Starts 12:0i) Noon
THEY’RE TWINS NOW
TWO ST ANNIES . . . TWO OLLIES twice as funny!
TODAY \ Friday - Saturday
• Extra ■
‘SUNDAY GO TO MRETIN' TIME” Cartoon in Color
‘SWEETHEARtS AND FLOWERS’ Musical Reviio'
DOORS OPEN AT H s30 A. M. Picture Starts a.t 12:00 NoonT«B PUKDUB BXP01*B^T
alM
Boilermakers Out To Win Number 22 In Indiana Series
Even though Indiana is favored to chalk up its third successivtt vie* tory over Purdue here bacuraay in the thirty-ninth renewal of the traditional series between Hoosierdom’s sister Big Teh institutions, the Boilermakers still hold a healthy edge in the series as a whole. 21 Wins For Purdue Since the series was started back in 1891, with a 60 to 0 Purdue victory, the Boilermakers have up to this season chalked up 21 victories against 13 for Indiana, and four of the games have ended in ties. Seven P’s, Three I’s In the modern series between the two rivals, since the Old Oaken Bucket was first offered as the trophy of supremacy in 1926, Purdue has been victorious seven times and Indiana three times. The first battle for the Bucket in 1926 resulted in a scoreless tie. The complete list of scores in the Purdue-Indiana series follows:
1891— Purdue, 60; Indiana, 0. 1892— Purdue, 68: Indiana, 0. 1898—Purdue, 64; Indiana, 0. 1894—Forfeit to Purdue. 1897— Purdue, 20 : Indiana, 6. 1898— Purdue, 14 : Indiana, 0. 1899— Purdue, 6: Indiana, 17. 1900— Purdue, 6 : Indiana, 24. 1901— Purdue, 6 : Indiana, 11. 1902— Purdue, 89; Indiana, 0. 1904— Purdue, 27; Indiana, 0. 1905— Purdue, 11: Indiana, 11. 1908— Purdue, 4 : Indiana, 10. 1909— Purdue, 0; Indiana, 16.
1911—Purdue, 12: In^ana, 5.
tidia
1912—Purdue, 84 : Indiana, 7. 1918—Purdue, 42 : Indiana, 7. 1914—Purdue, 23 : Indiana, 18. 1916—Purdue, 7: Indiana, 0. 1916— Purdue, 0: Indiana, 0. 1917— Purdue, 0: Indiana, 37. 1920— Purdue, 7 : Indiana, 10. 1921— Purdue, 0: Indiana, 8. 1922— Purdue, 7: Indiana, 7. 1923— Purdue, 0: Indiana, 8. 1924— Purdue, 26 : Indiana, 7. 1926—Purdue, 0: Indiana, 0. 1926— Purdue, 24 : Indiana, 14. 1927— Purdue, 21;, Indiana, 6. 1928— Purdue, 14: Indiana, 0. 1929— Purdue, 82 ; Indiana, 0. 1930— Purdue, 6 : Indiana, 7. 1931— -Purdue, 19 : Indiana, 0. 1932— Purdue, 25 : Indiana, 7. 1933— Purdue, 19 ; Indiana, 3. 1934— Purdue, 7 : Indiana, 17 1936—Purdue, 0; Indiana, 7.
■f >■ +
^ >
+ -f 4-
^ > > -f TOUCHBALL ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
Field
1— Phi Kappa vs. winner Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta Xi. Official, Taylor. 2— Phi Krppa S'gma vs. winner Kapoa Sigma vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Official, Kerber.
4- >
■f -f
^ ^ ^ ^ ^
SQUASH
■f V ♦ -t- ♦ 1 -no—Phi Kappa Sigma. 2:00'—Phi Kappa Tau. 3:00—Phi Pi*Phi. 4:00—Phi Sigma Kappa. 6:00—Pi Kappa Alpha. 7 :00—-Pi Kappa Phi. 8:00—Pirathon. (Practice in Barn)
♦ -f 4
•f 4-
BRAZIL BLOCK COAL $5.25 Per Ton-Delivered
Also Slack and Egg Coal Special Prices on Load Lots
COLUMBE coal CO.
1712, South St.
Phone 7066
ARC
Today
Friday - Saturday
JAMES DUNN SALLY EILERS
“Don’t Get Personal” TIM McCOY in “Bulldog Courage” SERIAL - cartoon
15c Double Feature 15c
Capacity Crowd Will ■mmrTmg T !• Witness Indiana Game
Both Squads In Top Shape For Annual Grid Clash For Bucket; Dal Sasso, Crimson Captain^ Out
By S. R. Griffths, Jr.
Boilermaker Bucketeers—eleven of them---will be the focus of a capacity crowd Saturday afternoon in Ross-Ade stadium when they clash in the annual battle with the Indiana Chain Gang to decide who will have the honor of keeping the Old Oaken Bucket and its newly weighted set of hard-earned links
for the coming year.
Both teams will no doubt, feel the more intense spirit out there on the field, quite different from that in the ordinary run of football games, that makes the Indiana-Purdue game the peak of the sports season for both schools. Hoosiers Favored Shortly after midweek, still finds the Hoosier team favored in the eye of the professional football critic even though, as ’tis said, the Indiana eleven will play without its captain, Chris Dal Sassb, who has been a key man for the team all season. Opinions for this squad are largely upheld by the versatile Vernon Huffman, triple threat man and team quarterback. The rest of the squad is in fine physical shape and has spent many long drill hours on defense against Boilermaker plays. It is noised about that this eleven is the best seen at Indiana in the last fifteen years. Boilermakers In Shape Meanwhile, the Boilermaker gridiron men have been picking up a deflated spirit and a crippled squad back in good physical shape again, raring to go. Recent practices have brought out the abilities
of Jim Zachary, junior right end, who will be available to help George Spehn at that position Saturday. The backfield has been clicking unusually well this past week and it promises the Bo’men a busy time. The game will be the last intercollegiate contest for Stalcup, Gift, Bell, Drake, Burmeister, Medley,
Graves and Purdy.
TauBeteUndergrads Defeat Faculty Team
Despite the faculty scouting of Tau Beta Pi active-pledge “Ijbwling fnatch two days previously, a team combination of the undergraduates of the organization defeated the team composed of faculty members of the fraternity by a lopsided scoi*e of 4,687 to 2,615. High scorers for the winners were G. J. Eastey, 489; W. L. Wearly, 468; and J. A. Kany, 469. Bill Miller of the mechanical school, with 367; P. E. Soneson, civil school 367; and C. W. Caldwell, 366, lead the winners. S. R. Wirth failed to live up to expectations on the student combination. Another bowling contest between the two groups is being planned.
I fielder’s.... I I * ....choice j Bob Walpirfe ■—#
Cold weather on the practice field and a possibility of injury ... so the squad will be taking it rather easy for the remainder of the week . . . if the weather does remain cold for the game Saturday, it is just as well that it began last night. . , ROW the squad will have the “feel” of it, and the response will be better . . . —^fc—
Everyone questions, “Will we beat Indiana” ... why question the outcome??? ... if everyone gets behind Coach Kizer and the Boilermakers and has faith in them, there shouldn’t be any question . . . —^fc-—
To compare records . . . Indiana has won five and lost two . . . Purdue has won five and lost two . . . both have lost one conference encounter, Purdue losing to a stronger outfit than the Hoosiers ... both have lost one intersectional game, Purdue losing to a stronger foe (Nebraska beat Indiana and Purdue’s loss was to the Rams of Fordham) ... —^fc— Again, to us, on paper Purdue looks the stronger eleven, but paper won’t win that game with Indiana . ... it never does . . . —^fc— Football .critics, sideline dopesters, rate the Hoosiers to win over Purdue . . . last year the opinion was different... two years ago Purdue was the topheavy favorite . . . there is no time like the present to win . . . —^fc— ONLY TWO DAYS REMAIN TO GET THAT OLD OAKEN BUCK-ET-BACK!!! . . .
Scene From ^^The Hairy Ape ”
Front Row: (le't to right) Cross, Wright,Luthi.
Second Row: (left to right) Hedlund, Julliard, Hoover, Carson.
FAMIIY
TODAY Friday - Saturday
2 BIG FEATURES
DEATH : TD TH E LAW LESS;
-EXTRA — COMEDY - NEWS
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
i\-it> int kr DalM iMtiM Snriiotl.. IM.
Squash Team C^ens Season Saturday
Saturday Is the beginning niul the end. Although it marks the end of the football season, it also marks the beginning of the season for the squash team. The Purdue team will engage the John Marshall Club of Chicago immediately after the Pur-due-Indiana football game in the Purdue courts at 4:30.
The team will open the season without the services of Captain “Fosty” Fields, who will be absent because of interference with his work. However, John Lucek, M. Wakefield, and Bud Noll, veterans of last year’s team, should with the aid of T. Sokolowski and Bob Juve, furnish plenty of opjiosition to the Chicago team. The 1935 team was undefeated against its Midwestern foes, and captured the first three places in the Western Collegiate Championship tournament held at Chicago. A week from Saturday, November 28, the team will journey to Cleveland, Ohio, to play the Cleveland Club.
Gold Peppers Chrysanthemums
Frosli Cagers Sl|^ Promisiii^ Form
Reeent reports hgm the ball court should fiHt tim hearts of University sport fans with hope for the future. The freshman squad which was cut by “Piggy’’ Lambert from one hundred and ten to approximately fifty men, has shown signs of being varsity material in another year. . The squad consists of many allstate high schooLboys from one end '>f the country to the other. In the next two weeks the number of men now practicing will be cut to twenty. These men Will be the best the freshman class has to offer. With the end of the football seas-
on, a number of freshmen football
ill/
men will/ enter into competition with the present fifty. “Dutch” Fehring, varsity football coach, will
coach the yearlings.
Read The Exponent
fountain pens and REPAIRING
Gold and white chrysanthemums will be sold by members of Gold Peppers, junior co-ed honorary, from 11 o’clock Saturday morning until game time. The chrysanthemums are priced at fifty cents and will be sold near the stadium.
ANY PEN
6 JOBS IN ONE
1. New Back. 2. Straighteii Feint. 3. Adjnst Feed. 4. Special Chemical Bath. 5. Remove Ink Stains. 6. Simoniae Entire Pen.
AU for Only 50c P. Pd.
Jobe returned same day received. We also trade pens and supply new and used parts. R^nilts and leftovers for sale, every make.
UNIVERSAL PEN HOSPITAL 203 So. Wabash Chicago
“OA, Rupert, it seems such a pity to part with our treasures” “Console yourself, my dear, we still have these 3 priceless (r«r/o«Jo/TWENTY GRAND!”
Copr. 1946 The Axton-Fiiher Tobacco Co., Inc.
WE CERTIFY that we have inspected the Turkish and DomesticTobaccos blended in TW ENTY GRAND cigarettes and find them as fine in smoking quality as those used in cigarettes costing as much as 50% more. (Stenal) Seil, Putt & Rushy Inc. Analytical Lalmntioncs ^ (In coUaboratum with tobacco ec^rt) AT^SO Oi)TAlNA.BLE IN FI AT FIFTIES
“I’m ashamed of the way you look—wait till you make $100,000 a year and then you can afford to look seedy.”
Varsity Drag When you curry favor from the fair sex. Arrow shirts will do more' for you than five major letters. See the smart fall patterns in stripes and checks. Beautifully tailored . . , Sanforized shrunk. Your Arrow deeder to the
rescue..
II I n and Tlt>
>1
J ^ ’V'til till
wmm
'm
Fow
THft PURDUE EXPONENT
flrH'!-/ <
w>-
VICTOR RECORDS
Rynphttny No. ^ in B Minor (UnSnished) (Schubert) Rosamund—Ballet Music (Schubert) Boston Symphony Orchestra under the direction of Serge Koussevitzky
For Sentimental Reasons Another Perfect Night Is Ending Sweet and Corny Ballads Tommy Dorsey
Alexander’s Ragtime Band Riffin at the Ritz The “Cats” go to town in this coupling Benny Goodman
Will Yon Remember? The Road to Paradise Sweeping Sigmond Romberg Waltzes. Wayne King
Hear them at
McLEA N Music C n.
514 Main St.
Phone 7917
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
KEYS
Keys for tranks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and’ padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for' Special Oecasiens Z(e per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES S07I YELLOW CAB CO.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SUOOCN device
RINTING, OfiM ftitioswy.P VsMsf IsvIWieM
DMOME "
***• CASSEL’S ««!»/
P i I
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do It well Wallace Bltiek 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
119 Yz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MA JHINES, bought, sold, rented and -epaired. Supplies for all machines. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Enroll in our New Advanced Class Friday, November 20, 7:00 p. m. Allen’s.
Apartment for 4 or 5 men students, 203 University street.
You Will Find—At Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street, one of the largest collections of antique furniture, old china,' glass, copper, brass, silver, old jewelry, prints, etc., in Indiana. Buy your friend's Christmas present now, at reasonable prices.
Lost—Pair of glasses in case. Name inside. Reward. J. H. Ottenwellei'. Call 71792.
For Rent—Large front room with twin beds. Phone 76644.
Wanted—Students to sell Exponents Saturday afternoon, November 21, from 4 p. m to 6:30. Call Morris, 6037-5038 after 4 p. m.
Lost—Sheaffer’s black pen and pencil. Reward. Joe Rittenhouse. Phone 36773. .
Wanted—Tickets to the Indiana game. Phone Miller 41612, between 12 and 1 today.
Sleeping Room—New, all modern furnished room. Close to Purdue. Room for two students. Phone 71201.
NOTICES No noticM accepted after 8 p.
Delta Rho Kappa—All actives and pledges meet in the faculty lounge of the Union Building November 19, at 6:30 p. m. for initiation and banauet. Dues must be paid at this time. —FITCH.
A. I. Ch. E.—Debris picture 7 :10 p. m. November 19 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Those desiring membership should sign up before that time in the Engineer office. —CHANDLER.
Purdue Lutheran Students Club—Business meeting Sunday evening, November 22, In the Memorial Union Building. Time and iX)om announced later. —ANDRES.
Students Wanted—^To sell the Exponent Saturday afternoon, Noveml&er 21, from 4 p. m. to 5:30 p. m. Call Morris, 5037-6038 after 4 p. m. —MORRIS.
Union Thanksgiving Show—Rehearsal in the ballroom November 19 at 6 :30 p. m. —JACOBSON.
Men Students—Will those who would be interested in organizing another cooperative house meet at the Wesley Foundation, 436 State street, November 19, at 7:30 p. m, —McFADDEN.
Reamer Club—Important meeting November 19 at 7 p. m. in Union' Building. All active members and pledges are required to be present. —BUXTON.
Ushers and Police—All ushers and police report at the stadium at 12 noon, November 21, to work at the I. U. game —SANDERS.
Skull and Crescent—Get your stickers for the Indiana game as soon as possible at Triangle house. —JACOBI.
A. S. M. E, Members—Get copies of M. E. Journal from “Eddie” in Instrument Room in Meehanical Laboratory. —WELDY.
Purdue Flying Club—Ship is ready for flying. Anyone desiring to fly get in touch with me until further nofce. —McCRACKIN.
Eta Kappa Nu—Initiation at 4 ;30 o’clock November 19 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Banquet at 6 p. m. —LEFFEL.
Tutors—Students interested in tutoring in freshman engineering subjects, apply in the Personnel ofifce. —BURRELL.
W. A. A.-r-All girls interested )n entering the black hockey team for the Dad’s Day e.vhibition please sign up in the gym. —JONES.
Committee—^Will -my committee report to me in the Union office Nov. 19 at 4 p. m, —Muller, Cabonargi, Schreiber, McCreary, Fowler, Garland, Kirlin, Mortenson, Rudolph, Martha Wood, Peggy Timberlake, Marion Graves', Rubydell Wilson, Busch, Katz, Thomas, Saxan Shewalfer, DuVal. —PUTZE.
Sorority Recordings—^The date of making fraternity and sorority recordings has been changed from Wednesday, November 18 to ■Tueaday, November 24 at 8 US, in the Music Room. —PUTZE.
Y. W. C. A. Public Affairs Group—All girls who signed up or are interested in this group, please meet at 4 p. m. November 19 in the Y. W, C. A. office. —McKEE.
Y. W. C, A. Program Committee—Meeting at 4:00 in Y. W. C. A. office Thursday, November 19. —McINTOSH.
Sigma Delta Chi—Meeting November 19 Ht 7 p. m. in Engineer office in the Memorial Union Building. -HARDIN.
Sigma Delta Psi Tryonts—Will be held November 19 at 4 p. m. in the stadium. —McCORMICK.
W. A. A. Hockey—Seniors vs. Sophomore Whites November 19 at 4 p. m. ■ —THOMPSON.
TKursdBYr jlovfemlier 19,1^36
Amelia Earhart Returns To Campus
Amelia Earhart returned to the campus yesterday after a lecture tour of several weeks to begin work with her “flying laboratory.” She plans to fly to (Cleveland today and return to her work here at the airport tomorrow. Saturday, Miss Earhart will fly to South Bend to confer with Vincent Bendix, designer of the new homing device recently installed on her plane.
Crown’s new method of cleaning and blocking hats. By this method your hat is repellant to water, avoiding water spotting. But no advance in price... Same old price
Kappa Psi Sponsors Film For Pharmacy Studlents
A film entitled “Modern Methods Of Anaesthesia” will be shown tomorrow at 4 p. m. in room 311 in the Pharmacy Building to students and faculty of the school of pharmacy. The picture, which is being sponsored by Kappa Psi, pharmacy honorary, will show the latest methods used in surgical anaesthesia. The film is being presented through the courtesy of the Winthr'op Chemical Co.
Automotive Group Will Tour Gary Steel Mills Local branch members of the Society of Automotive Engineers ■will make an inspection trip today. They will visit the Gary and Carnegie steel mills, the Standard Oil Refinery in Whiting, and the Automobile show in Chicago, returning late in the evening.
Debris Salesmen—Turn in all sales books and money November 19 at 4 p. m. at the office. —VAN NATTA.
Mortar Board—Meeting at 6 p. m. November 19 in W. S. G. A. office. —ADKINS.
Zouave Club—Meeting in Union at 7 :40 in formal uniform. —'WINTER.
Newman Club—Dance at St. Mary’s Church at 9 p. m. November 20, All Catholic students cordially invited. —KERNEL.
Newman Club—Members interested in any form of Club athletics meet in room F of the Upion at 4:16 November 19. Father Pursley will be present. —CARTON.
Scabbard and Blade—Pledges obtain cutlasses from me at Acacia Fraternity at once. —WERGIN.
W. A. A. Swimming—Swimming Club Nov. 19 from 7:30-8:30. Open forum from 8:30-9:30. —TUBBS.
... for Cleaning and blocking your hat
FINE CLEANERS OFJPINE CLOTHES
Co-eds Seek Debate Positions Tuesday
Tryouts for the co-ed debate team will be held in room 301 of University Hall next Tuesday at 4 p. m. The question will be that of the Western Debate Conference, namely, “That The Essential Features Of The NYA Should Be Made Permanent,” This year’s schedule calls for debates with Illinois here and with Indiana at Bloomington in February; and for later debates with Albion College and the University of Wisconsin at Madison.
Robbius Speaks At Ceres luitiatiou Bauquet Prof. F. E. Robbins, of the agronomy department, spoke at the Ceres initiation banquet held in the faculty loqnge of the Memorial Union Building Tuesday evening. The fol lowing men were initiated at the formal initiation which proceeded the banquet: H. F. Gray, H, D. Todd, W. Myer, W. L. Henry, R. H. Chinn, R. B. Davis, R. C. Ziegler, J. C. Dibble, and C. R. Luke,
Zouave Squad—Short important meeting of old members November 19 in Armory at 4. —WINTER.
Student Senate—Following committ^ have been appointed: Committee on Committees—Farquharson, chairman; Reisner, Lippert, Esterline, Wait, Reiley, 'Wirth. Elections Committee—Craig chairman; Elston, Bowman, Gutting, Jacobi, Clark. Student Relations Committee — Wood, chairman; Stewart, Lippert, Ohaver, Ahrens. Publicity Committee — Miles, chairman; monfort. Campbell. Constitutional Committee—Rohyans, chairman'; Reisner, Wirth, Gutting, Monfort. Hand-Book Committee—^Elliott, chairman ; Elston, Parkison, Jacobi, Ahrens. Each chairman will contact his committee and hold a meeting within two weeks. —MARTIN.
Ruby Qark To Speak
Miss Ruby Clark of the hoiup economics faculty will speak on the Rural Women’s Achievement Day program at Muncie today. Her subject will be “Consumer’s Problems.”
Scoben's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
Hockey Booster.—^Any girls who wish to ^artic^pate in booster for Gold Hockey November 21 at 10 a. m. please sign in women’s gym. —BITCHY.
Union Committee—My committee 'mfeet in workshop 4 p. ’ m. November 19. —PPOBZHBIMEB.
i
MID-SEASON
Saie of Dresses beginning 'November 19 th
Just in time for the THE GAME and week-end festivities
Several groups of dresses suitable for every occasion in new styles and colors priced at $5.95-$8.95-$10.95 and $12.95.
Each and every one a real **buy”.
Accessories $1.00 Purses 79c Budget Plan ^
Etouise Shop
IN THE VILLAGE
Dr. C. P. Harding, head of the Purdue University school of electrical engineering, has returned to the campus from Chicago, where he presided as National Vice-President of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers over the meeting of the Executive committee of the Great Lakes District called to make plans for the national convention to be held in Milwaukee next June.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
If you want the best in
Guns and Ammunitions
22 long rifle
27c / See us
22 longs
22c SHELLS
22 shorts
—17c 59c up
SPERB’S
.... Hardware
824 Main
FASHION’S on the UP and UP!
lOthers $1.99 BrownI • • •
Higher skirts, higher hats, higher shoes! Bobby Boots, ankle length of roughie suede are ready for immediate In-town or country wear.
Blackl
Green