/ '
N
•iff ■ t, ! '' '
Humor? Yes. Look for Ihe Yellow Dog on October 14.
£jadi yojuA Jsiam Qi Jhsi finfi Ss^&Awn, ) J TC!" j. Purdue Exponent Mi
Letter to the Editor discusses Roosereft end Wiifkie.
/ -
Volume 52, No. 21
Thursday, October 3,1940
Downs Talks Tomorrow
On Francos Sll|T@|lcl©r Saturday Night
Given Will Present 'Music To Taste'
Fascistic* industrialists, social reformers under xhe Popular Front, fifth columnists, and the democratic leaders now on trial at Riom are among the conflicting groups blamed by theorists for the four week collapse of Fitance’s Third Republic before the German army. Kenneth T. Downs, former manager of International News Service’s Paris bureau, will be on the campus tomorrow night to present the facts in a spedial convocation in
the Hall of Music. Begins At 8 O’clock
The lecture, which will begin at 8 o’clock, is not one of the 'uegular convocations, but was scheduled as a special program, since Downs is lecturing in this vicinity. Admission will be by student passports and season tickets. Other tickets will be
on sale at the door.
Until the cessation of FrancoGerman hostilities. Downs was the chief INS war correspondent on the Western Front, and obtained a sev-en-hour scoop on France’s capitulation. He remained in Paris until the victorious German iroops entered the city. What actually happened behind the scenes—the develop-
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic fraternity, will give a closed dinner for Kenneth T. Downs tomorrow evening in the Union. ments leading up to France’s surrender—are among the stories that could not be filed through French censorship, that Downs will discuss. Witnesses Inside Of French Politics As a correspondent in Pans since 1936, Downs witnessed the inside of French politics, the cabinet crisis which led to the fall of Leon Blum’s Popular Front in June, 1937; the formation of the Chautemps government and the financial crisis of 1938; the radical socialist <jongress at Marsailles; the shooting of Ernst Von Eath; and the formation of the war cabinets. He will discuss these events, giving an interpretive account of their relation to the final collapse of the Republic, j.l.t. ' Elliott To Speak At Ag Extension Conference \ \ New developments in agriculture and their relationship to national defense, working relationships with other agencies, and land use planning will make up the program for the annual state agricultural extension conference to be held at the University, October 8 to 11. All county agricultural agents and their assistants, home demonstiation agents, community institute state speakers, and subject matter extension specialists will attend the conference. Principal speakers will be President E. C. Elliott; M. L. Wilson, federal director of the agricultpral extension service; Dr. Charles C. Smith, Chicago; Professor H. J. Reed, director of the agricultural extension experiment station; B. L. Hummell, rural sociologist of Virginia; and Mrs. Elizabeth Speer, University of Tennessee. r.s.k. WAA Mixed Recreation in Women's Gym Tomorrow WAA is sponsoring mixed recreation in the Women’s Gym tomorrow night from 8 until 10 p, m. Dates are not necessary, and all are invited to participate in the volleyball, badminton, ping-pong, and shuifleboard games. The pool is open to all co-eds free of charge and to men for a fee of 10 cents, im.1.1. Pi Kappa Alpha .... social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following pledges: D. K. Heddon, New Al,bany; J. W. Hundley, Crown Point; R. E* Lee, Tell City; A. E, Jones, St. Petersburg, Fla.; B. C. Smith, Chicago, 111.; k. E. Sharps, Detroit, Mich, m.1.1.
Mary Browne Plays In Exhibition Tennis Match Tomorrow Mary K. Browne, former national women’s singles champion, will give tennis demonstrations to the women’s physical education classes at 2, 3, and 4 o’clock this afternoon and at 9 and 11 a. m. and 2 and 3 p. m. tomorrow. At 4 o’clock tomorrow she will be teamed with Ray Lucht of the Boilermaker tennis team against Larry LaBree, varsity tennis coach, and Jeannette Brickey, a student from Lake Erie College, Zanesville, Ohio. Miss Brickey is accompanying Miss Browne, who is now coaching tennis at Lake Erie College. The game will be open to all students and will be played on the women’s courts or in the gymnasium in case of rain. Miss Browne is not only a tennis player of great reputation, but also a golfer. She is the only lyoman ever to have reached the national finals in both golf and tennis, m.1.1. Union Sponsors Light Classical Program Sunday afternoon, from 4 to 6 o’clock, Psi Iota, national service sorority, of Frankfort, will present a program of light classical varieties in music. The entertainment will be held in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union, and a large attendance is expected, according to Student Union oificials. Violin, piano, and choral renditions will form the main portion of the program. The Student Union will continue to present these programs throughout the school year,
j.s.
Pennsylvania R. R.
Irv Given and his band will feature “music as you like it” at the third Union swing session in both ballrooms Saturday night from 7 to 8 o’clock. Given promises “music to the taste.” The swing f est will get under way with a new arrangement of the band’s theme song, “I Dream of Jeannie With the Light Brown Hair.” Following this Clint Brown, the band’s arranger, will get “in the groove” with a selection of special trumpet solos. Other Artists Piano specialties will feature Rocky Collucchio, formerly a member of Tommy Reynold’s professional New York band. Jo Friend, feminine vocalist, and Tony Rulli, tenor sax artist, will also introduce specialty numbers. The music of Irv Given again will be heard at the regular Saturday night mixer following the swing session from 9 o’clock until 12. d.t.b. Military Band Puts Finishing Touches On New Formations This afternoon in Ross Ade stadium the Military Band will put the finishing touches to the formation series which will be presented at the Ohio State-Purdue game Satur-
day.
Two years ago the band made its initial appearance on the Ohio gridiron and established an enviable reputation by presenting a performance characterized by accurate and snappy maneuvering along with
well played music.
Largest In History This Year This year with the largest marching hand in the history of the organization, the Military Band is preparing to present the latest in gridiron formation techniques to provide the spectators with a rapid fire sequence along with rh3rthmatic marches in a style typical of this
marching organization.
Among the special formations to be presented in the Ohio State stadium will be a short series forming O. S. University. Suddenly the letters “H” “I” are formed on the field after which an “0” is placed at both encfe of the formation. The “O’s” are Then rotated to the tune of the
school song. r.m.r.
Poiilinr Men Begin Miller. Rankin, Byelene Two-Dey Meeting; . .. p: x p Phiiips, Reed Speak "P
Remove^ Locomotive Tweed ale
Reuben Wells, 1869 locomotive which has jbeen kept in the University locomotive museum behind the power house, was placed on a flat car and propped for shipment yesterday to the Pennsylvania railroad at Altoona, Pa. The locomotive, named after its designer, was loaned to the University in 1896 by the Pennsylvania railroad. The engine will be rehabilitatei^ at Altoona and placed on exhibit. H. A. Hoke, ME ’96, assistant mechanical engineer of the Pennsylvania railroad, is directing the removal, n.a.o. Canf|)us Organizations Meet, Discuss Adivities An organization meeting for the purpose of finding out what each activity was doing on the campus was held last night in the Union Building. Each organization explained its activities, and an s^ttempt was made to see if any of them overlapped. The idea for the organization meeting was conceived by Mortar Board, senior co-ed honorary. Acjtivities Bureau, Mortar Board, Union, WSGA, Student Senate, Debris, PIA, and Exponent were some of the organizations represented, r.t.
. . . co-ed cooperative house, announces the selection of Miss Edna Troth as faculty advisor. Miss Troth is a state leader of the 4-H club, and is a member of the agriculture extension staff at the University, d.t.b.
Mills Discusses New Hatchery Problems Several hundred Indiana poultrymen, here for the twenty-seCond annual meeting of the State Poultry Association of Indiana, which opened on the campus yesterday morning, attended the banquet in the south ballroom last night. A. G. Philips, former head of the University poultry department who is now an ofiicial of a feed company of Chicago, was the principal speaker at the banquet last night. Reed Opens Convention H. J. Reed, dean and director of the school of agriculture, opened the convention yesterday morning with a welcoming address to the 260 assembled hatcherymen. He stressed the importance of the poultry industry in the state, to the effect that the “thousands of rural youth who are now on Indiana farms but who, under normal conditions would be employed in our towns and cities,” would find the poultry business one that would provide a profitable economic base, providing approved production and marketing practices were observed. Mills Speaks On Hatcheries Later in yesterday’s program, J. Turner Mills of McNabb, 111., vicepresident of the International Baby Chick Association, spoke to the group on “New Problems on the Hatchery Horizon,” and warned that any^ application of the Federal Wage and Hour Law to hatchery men and farmers “would be ruin-
ous.”
He stated that the enforcement of the law upon these groups would reduce farmers to peasants. Unemployment compensation, disease control, and hatchery sanitation took their toll of the day’s pro-
gram.
Yesterday’s program was concerned chiefly with problems of the assembled hatcherymen, while today’s schedule will deal with the work of general interest to the In-
diana poultryman.
^^?~'\_Ehilip^V. Enders of Frankfort, president of the state poultry organization, presided over yester-
day’s sessions. j.a.p.
Triad Signs Phil Levant's Band For Dance October 19 Phil Levant, currently playing ih the Walnut Room of the Bismark hotel in Chicago, has been signed to play for thq Sigma Phi Epsilon, Lambda Chi Alpha, and Phi Kappa Sigma Triad in the Union ballroom Saturday, October 19. This is the first Triad sponsored by these thr^e fraternities, and will be informal,
r.s.k.
Twelve Pie Eating Pi K A's, Pi K Phi's Will Eat Their Way To Gooery Tomorrow
By Bob Tewksbury
“Mush, damn you, mush!” Thus spake the eskimo to his huskies, and so spake we to the unfortimate participators in the fifth annual pieeating contest between the Pi Kappa Alpha and Pi Kappa Phi fraternities which will be held at 4:30 o’clock tomorrow afternoon on the
Union front steps.
Twelve pie eating pledges will eat their way to gooery for their respective fraternity. It’ll be fun, or
so they say. Bite By Bite
WBAA will cary a bite by bite description of the fight, and the winning team will be given the coveted
pie-pan. Irony!
Latest reports from the two fraternity houses say that the pledges have been warming up for the contest at dinner each evening, but as yet they haven’t really been “let
out,” as the coach is saving them
for the big game.
The first year, the contest had to be called a tie, because of too ardent pre-contest practice. The pledges practiced for the mess so well that they became sick during the contest, and several had to park their cookies. It is hoped, however, that history won’t repeat itself this
year.
Pi Kappa’s Win Last Year
The Pi K A's won the horrible thing the second year, and the Pi Kappa’s won it the last two years. The winner gets to keep the trophy until the next contest, and then the vicious cycle starts jjl over again. The trophy is a copper pie-pan, and each year a copper plate, bearing the winner’s name and year is
attached to it by a chain. Oh, this college cruelty!
Session Tonight At 6:15 First pep session of the year for the Ohio State game will form at 6:15 o’clock this evening in front of the Union Building at the comer of State and Grant streets, according to an announcement made by the yell managers. Doe Miller, of the HeiUth Service, Dave Rankin, Boilermaker end, and Mike Byelene, fleet Riveter back, will be present to assure the student body of the punishment that will be dealt out to Ohio State Saturday at Columbus. - , ^ At 6:30 o’clock a parade will form, and the students will march en masse over to the Big Four railroad station and give the team a rousing send-off on the 7:15 o’clock train. Every fraternity, sorority, co-op house, and the residence halls will be on hand, carrying appropriate posters and banners urging the
vanquishment of the Buckeyes.
“This is the first Big Ten game we play this season,” said John Zuck, head yell leader, “and every co-ed and man on the campus should be out there tonight to cheer the team on to victory. Win or lose we will go over to greet the boys when they
return home Sunday.”
Gimlets, Reamers, and Skull and Crescents will be present at the parade to direct its progress. Students will fall in line immediately behind the band and follow in orderly ranks after the march has started, the announcement further states. Cars will be permitted in the parade if they keep behind the crowd. d.t.b. Coeds Interested Freshman Coeds Vole In Debate To Meet Represenlallves
In Union Lobby Tocjiay From 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. today, elections for two freshman representatives to WSGA will be held in the lobby of the Union. Twentynine freshmen coeds have petitioned for the office. Only freshman girls showing their passports wiU be allowed to vote, according to an announcement made in the WSGA mass assembly yesterday at 4 p. m.
in the Faculty Lounge.
Included in the meeting was a short talk by Miss Irene Feldt, director of the women’s placement service. Miss Feldt asked all women interested in part time or summer i ’obs to visit the placement office in he Executive Building. She also .dvised that all tmderclassmen consult the vocational guidance book in arranging their courses so as to properly prepare themselves for the
type of job they desire.
Following the introduction of the candidates for the WSGA position, Paula Zweirlein, president of the association, asked all freshmen to
come today and vote. mxS,
Dr. EllioH Addresses Agricultural Workers President E. C. Elliott outimed and analyzed the current problems facing the University’s Agricultural Experiment Station and Agricultural Extension Service Monday noon when he addressed the regmlnz^ monthly luncheon meeting of the
agricultural staff.
“No one can deny our world problems,” the president said, urging that foresight and caution be exercised by all agricultural workers. He pointed out that “intellectual and emotional confusion” exists in mudi
of the world. -
Dr. John Bullard, who presidadl recently announced the following persons as members of the arrangements committee for the Omber 28 Agricultural Staff Luncheon: Dr. A. M. Brunson, chairman; Darid Harken, John Ease, and Audrey Casozu
e.g.k.
Prof . R. B. Sanders ... of the mechanics department has returned to his home at 810 Evergreen street aft« two weeks in the Home Hospital with p&tmmith'
Today At 4 o'clock Women interested in debate and discussion will hold their first meeting of the year this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 301 of University
Hall.
According to L. S. Winch of the speech department who is in charge of co-ed debate, “This meeting will be in the form of a discussion, no try-out speeches are required. Any co-ed interested in speech is invited to attend the meeting. Previous debate experience is not necessary.”
Plans Will Be Discussed
Plans for the year’s activities will be announced and discussed at this meeting. The principal event of the first semester program will occur the last week in November, when a group of University women will take part in a discussion contest at the University of Wisconsin. n.a.o.
Guslafson To Speak
AlASPp Dinner 0(1.6 Dr. F. G. Gustafson, well known plant physi,ologist from the University of Michigan, will speak on the subject of “Hormones and Their Relation to Plant Growth” at the dinner to be given by the Purdue section of the American Society of Plant Physiologists Monday night, October 6, at 6:16 o’clock in the lunchroom of the Home Economics
Building. i
Prof. R. E. Girton, of the biology department, will introduce the speaker. Tickets for the dinner may be purchased from Dr. G. V. Falkenberg of the hortici^lture department for 76 cents. d.t.b. Wesley Foundation Party Tomorrow At Maple Point Wesley Foundation will conduct its first roller skating party of the year tomorrow evening after the convocation. According to Hugh Wagner, chairman, the party wiR begin|, 9 o’clock at the Wesley Foundation. Refreshments will be served at 9:30 p. m., and the group will leave for Maple Point at 10
o’clock,
Wagner also invites everyone to attendv^ Tickets are 26 cents, or free to those who drive and take passengers. d.b./ !
r/
4
1
i/V'
PURDUE EXPONENT
/
Thursday, October 3,1940
like ijtii
We see by the papers where we swipe our stuff that Hr. Eoosevelt has returned from his sixth non-politi-cal tour. This tune to inspect some more new army equipment That boy sure is thorough Not a rifle or a battleship escapes him. If he can throw in a speech. I|C * In this instance F.D R plus William Knudsen and the army’s chief of ordnance were watching a 37 mm. anti-tank gun which was stuck in the mud. They looked at each other Said the chief: It’s not the gun’s fault. It’s the truck. « * * Said Knudsen: We didn’t build the truck. * * Said F.D.: It’s owning the gun that counts. * * What we like about these Roosevelts is the way they always step into the breech Sort of a finger in the dike bunch of boys First Jimmie joins the Marines Then his old man gets caught in his own little draft. « « * And now Elliott has accepted a captaincy in the air reserve With ground duty. )fc That leaves only Eleanor She’s no better than us Between going down in coal mines and up in balloons. All she does is write a column. d.k.h.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108 act of October 8, 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $8 00 per year, mail subscription $8 50
Editor-in-Chief Business Manager
R W. Donahue Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff
News Editor J H McKee Managing Editor D K Heiple Associate Editors W E Heaton, N A Ochiltree J A Purcell L W Rufflner, R M Skallerup J L Traugott
Business Staff
Local Advertising Managers D S Powers, G C Landers
Promotion Manager, C Manager, R J Shadford
Rectenwald.
jB Danglemajer Accounts Circulation Manager B M
Editor Associate Editors Siess
Editor Associate Editors Swaim
Co-ed Staff Bet]^ Simpson Mary Kay Miller Ruth Rose, Donna
Sports Staff J P Dolan J F. Adamson, P C Johnson R O
Phones: Edional 400S; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Ad vertising Service Inc , College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave, New York, N Y Staff For This Issue Night Editor—Ochiltree Day Editor—^Rose Ass’t Night Editor—Brophy Night Sp’ts Editor—^Adamson Sophomore Staff Rockefeller, Kolb, Tewksbury, Fi'aser, Spofford, Clarke, Butz, Barson, Losey, Fifleld, Buechele, Fuller
Classified Ads
Pordne Women’s Club: Two Splash hours in the Women’s gym on Tuesday, October 1, and 'Thursday, October 8, at 10 a m Each person must bring a doctor’s permit, her own cap, and ten cents Regular swimming classes will begin Tuesday, October IS Mrs K W Cram is in charge of the swimming group this year. —SMITH
Military Students: Distinguished Gun squad Competition, 75 m m gun Voluntary squads consisting of Executive and Assistant, both juniors, and Chief of Section, Guntier, and six Cannoneers, all sophomores Squads organized by juniors ApplicatioiiB must be filed with Lt Col White or If. Sietsma prior to noon, October 9 —WHITE
FOR SALE
Typewriten and adding machlnca,
■ repaired.
new
anf used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable tyiiewriters, $29.76 to $69 60. Office snppUea. MiiUeograph and mnltlgraph woric. 0. F. Ebershofl, 606 Maiff^at Phono 2779. —da Rnss-Rent-A-Car Service. Oars for all oeeasions Min $2 60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Sthdent'' Counselors: Correction of September 28, 1940 notice — All student Counselors for men are to turn in their freshman Activities Bureau interview cards to the personnel office as soon as interviews are completed Counselors of men are to turn in their other interview forms to the faculty advisor with whom they work as soon as 'Aey can -JOHNSON
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering lectures will report Saturday, October 6, by schools as follows Those whose names oegin with A-E Civil Engineering Bldg, room 201, F-K Michael Golden Shops, room 101, L-R, Electrical Engineering Bldg , room 254 S-Z Electrical Engineering Bldg, room 129 —KNAPP
Lost: Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin somewhere on the campus Call Adams, 8801 Reward
Chi Epsilon: Meeting Thursday, October 8 at 7 80 p m in room 286 of the Union -MYERS
Military Ball Committee Meeting at 4 p m , Thursday, October 3, in room 208 of the Armory —AULL
Room for rent* % of double room with 2 closets, soft water, shower stoker heat 134 Andrew Place
One or two students to share apartment with two others Cooking privileges Phone 7242
FOR SALE—A bargain good 31 HayleyDavidson Motorcycle Phone 8810
LOST—Chi Omega pin Name Mignon States Call Mrs Harold Sweet 8467 during day Reward
Christian Student Fdllowship: Meeting Thursday, October 3, at 7 30 p m in room 805 of the Union An interesting meeting has been planned Visitors are welcome —LONG YWCA Cabinet. See schedule of office assignments posted on bulletin board in office immediately —WOELFFLE AH Freshmen: All freshmen who wish to try for the freshman basketball squad will report daily this week from 8 16 to 6 p m to Coach Lambert in the Fieldhouse —LAMBERT
Silver Mask. Meeting Thursday, October
■■■ of tfr
3 7 16 p m in room 282 members pleasebe present
nion All Important,
—PITCHED.
Glider Club* Work session Friday afternoon, October 4, 3 to « p m ut Glider club garage behind Tucker’s gas station. All out please Regular meeting Thursday, October 3, 7 p m room (828 of Union
—SMITH
Fraternity Presidents Council Special meeting at SAE house at 7 30 Thursday, October 8 —DOUGLAS
Notices
N« notlew raealTcdi aftwr 6 p. m. Exponent Co-eds Co-ed edition today All report for work at 4 p m —SIMPSON
AH Organizations: Clubs and organizations wishing to use rooms in the Union Building for monthly, semi-monthly, or weekly meetings, etc , should notify the Student Union office shortly as to the days and times desired —CLARK 10-4
Cosmopolitan Club Important meeting of all members and friends Friday, October 4, at 4 30 p m id room 804 of the Union —CORTISSOZ
WAA Fencing Fencing practice will be held for everyone at 4 o’clock on Tuesday and Friday afternoons ■—^McFARLAND.
Kappa Psi Annual frosh smoker to be held in the West Faculty Lounge in the Union at 7 80 p m Thursday October 8 —SCHAEFER
Flying Club All members who are planning to attend the picnic Friday, October 4, must pay 76 cents Bring it to me at 860 Sylvia anytime in the morning or at the Sweet Shop from 4 to 6 80 p m —KIMBALL
Camera Club Important meeting for business and short discussion period, 7 30 p m, Thu'rsday, October 8, in room 804 of the Union GEPHART
AH Bicyclists Purdue Wheelmen ride on Sunday, October 6, at 2 30 p m Meet in front of the Executive Building Bring 80 cents for picnic lunch —VANDERBILT
Your American Right ... to vote in the national election which will be held November 5 will be denied you unless you have registered. If you l^ave already registered at your home address be sure to send for an absentee ballot. If you have never registered or voted at home but have been in attendance here at the University for at least one semester (the last one) you may register in Tippecanoe county. We could go on and bleat for a page or so about getting out and voting. The youth of the country have always been a little reluctant about making a visit to the polls on election day. Their attitude has been, “My vote won’t change the election one way or the other.” That would be swell material for a nice long editorial. But rather than drag out all the time worn phrases about Slackers we’re going to use a new approach. We arrived at this method by similar reasoning on our own part. First, we decided that our vote didn’t count, either. Then a letter was forwarded to this office which pointed out that there were nine million
people who had arrived at the voting age since the last presidential election. That’s quite a sizeable group, enough in fact to swing an election. Now suppose, we thought, that this nine million felt the same way about the ballot that we did. That would mean that nine million people refused to raise their voices in their choice of the next occupant of the White House And that’s a helluva big silence. That’s almost as big a silence as the great demonstration of affectionate “Yahs” for Hitler in the Chancellor’s ballot britzkrieg four years ago. Maybe we’re easily swayed. Maybe our ballot won’t count. But somehow we feel that there are a lot of people in Europe who would give their right arm for a free voice in choosing their political leaders. Perhaps newspaper men are prejudiced in this respect; we may be the last of a dying race, but somehow we violently cling to our right of free speech and a voice in our government. Call it sentimental idealism if you will but if democracy is based on government “of the people, by the people, and for the people,” this is the time to make democracy work.
Men’s SCA and Club Presidents. Meeting will be held on Thursday, October 8 at 4 16 p m in room 804 of the Union to discuss cooperative action for houses in social and extra curricular activities Those unable to attend please send representatives PIA dance comps will be available GRIFFIN Zouaves Important meeting of active Zouaves Thursday October 8 at 4 80 p m in room 108 of the Armory A new officer will be elected —GIBSON
AH Co-eds. Those interested in intercollegiate debate meet in room 301 University Hall at 4 p m Thursday October 3 —WINCH WAA Tennis. All third round matches must he played off by Tuesday October 8 —EMHOFF Modern Dance Club Senior club will meet Thursday October 8, at 4 p m in the Women’s Gym —SWOPE
YWCA Cabinet Meeting at 4 p m on Thursday October 3 m the office —BRYANT
PREHY NURSES! IF THEIR PATIENTS DON’T MARRY THEM...A DOCTOR WILL! SHE SAID “YES”! But wedding bells wait while Dr. Kildare, Dr, Gillespie and lonely nurse Mary w^raoi^he mystery of their most astounding adoenturel
Flying Club
. membera will hold their final picnic of the semester Friday at the Greve cabin. Everyone who has recently made application for membership in the club is invited to attend, according to club officers m V t
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
A Columbia
STARTS TODAY -DOUBLE FEATURE ~
*—WITH — jOHN SHEFFIELD DOROTHY TREE
StRHO W M*® CHEER fOB FUN. FEMMES...ANO
— PLUS — sandy YOU’RE ^
THE New UNIVERSAL presents
m SANDir am
TODAY ** FRIDAY - SAT.
FIRST RUN HITS!
LOVE... driven into ^tho shadows of the midnight suni
Us
Vi a■v i
i- , V S„ ' t f- v ' !■'' # J " I- ‘ /
^ IliVMrsday. Octo^ier 3.1940
PUBDUE EXPONENT
^ 4
«te|»
IrisliinaR's
Boilermakers Drill On Aerial Offense
Byelene, Galvin Concentrate On Passes; Gridmen Leave For Columbus Tonight
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Paul Derringer has lost another world series game; Detroit remains the top favorite to walk off with the affair; and the odds now swing sharply to the power bats from the Automotive City. However, I'm pretty certain that the old law of averages, which plays such an important part in upsets will be on hand to assist Derringer to a win over the Bengals this coming Friday or the next game he hurls against them, I-I Practice field for the Boilermakers last night was just one big paradox of football by the varsity. With Elmer Burnham’s freshmen running all around the field hurling laterals and running Ohio State plays right and left, the varsity was almost dizzy. I-I Elmer had drawn up several of the Buckeye’s more intricate plays on cards and the freshmen were executing the plays so well that sev-
eral frosh backs broke away for pay dirt. However as a whole, the Purdue team threw the razzle-daz-zle stufi on its ear,
I-I
Ohio State uses an unbalanced line on several of its plays, and we saw how the^gjiards take a beating. Purdue’s guards will have two men wforking on them on several occasions, and it takes a dai^n good guard to “brush” aside a big lineman and ‘too” good a guard to polish off two of 'em.
I-I
This evening we’ll send these gridders to the Ohio capitol. You’d be surprised at the beneficial mental state the Purdue student body can instill in its grid I representatives; Purdue’s coaching staff knows this; therefore we Boilermakers get 100 per cent cooperation from Mai Elward and his assistants. Let’s all go down to the station tonight, and give our club a snorting send-off.
I-I
Give ’em the right “good-bye” and I’m certain you can give them a victorious “hello” when they arrive home on Sunday. Our kids are not in any mood to be (failed Buckeye fodder. 'Nuff sed, but Dave’s gang won’t take a licking. Approximately 2,500 individual blue print drawings are required in the making of a light army tank.
PLEDGED TO YOUR SERVICE! INITIATED FOR)YOUR CONVENIENCE! VISIT THE NEW BUR-PAT STORE 113 Northwestern — Phone 2523 Don and Ruthmary Voelker
FOR HEALTH recreation AND SPORT
BOWL IN THE UNION BOWLING ALLEYS
JfUL fijUJudlUL TyUunifdedL UniofL The Corner of the Campus— Ifet the Center of Activities
In the gam^ Saturday the air will be filled with passes rifled from the arms of sparkplug Mike Byelene and southpaw Johnny Galvin. The entire practice session yesterday was spept pn pass offense with these two dependables sharing the heaving assign-
ments.
Taking To The Air “We will throw more passes against Ohio State than in any otfr* er early season game in the past,” Coach Mai Elward commented. “Today’s practice will consist mostly of routine assignment work,” he continued. Thirty-six men will leave on the trip when the train pulls out at 7:30 p. m, tonight. Accompanying the players will be two senior managers, Trainer Lon Mann, and Taube, Mackey, and Elward, coaches. Practice At Columbus The team''will stop at Columbus for a short practice at the stadium and then will proceed to Magnetic Springs, about thirty miles northeast of Columbus, where it will hold a workout at the high school field. At 11:16 a. m. Saturday morning it will leave for the scene of the fracas. At this writing it appears as if the Massilon boy, sophomore quarterback Rocky Snyder, will make the trip. Concerning the work of the sophomore centers Van Aken, Leugo, and Rugerie, Elward stated that it wds too early in the season to tell much. Razzle Dazzle Over in Ohio, Coach Francis Schmidt has been carrying on double drills in an attempt to perfect his razzle-dazzle style of play. This style is made up of four variations including the Notre Dame single wingback, Pop Warner’s double wingback, the short punt formation, and a modification of the double wingback. The perfection of this latter system is credited to Schmidt. The Buckeye forward line averages 211 pounds and the backfield, headed by 215 pound Don Scott and Jimmy Langhurst, will tip the scales at an average of 197, The sportswriters of the middle west are picking this aggregation as potential champions of the conference and perhaps of the country. “Therefore,
Newsom, Detroit Blast Derringer In Series Opener ^ The curtain rose yesterday on the first act of the 1940 World Series and before it came down the powerful^ Tigers from Detroit had put themselves in the win column by benefit of a terrific second inning in which they pushed five runs across the plate. A crowd of 36,000’ that jammed into Crosley Field saw the 7 to 10 favorites from the Motor City give Buck Newsom a big lead in the early innings and the big right hander coasted to a thrilling 7 to 2 victory. Derringer Hit Hard The Red’s pitching staff pulled their ace, Paul Derringer, out of the well-known sleeve, and entered the fray confident that the reputation of their tight pitching would be enough to stifle the Tiger attack. Needless to say, the theory blew up in their faces. Derringer went to the showers in the Second inning and only good relief pitching by Lloyd “Whitey” Moore saved the Reds from further embarrassment. Newsom went to the mound hav(Continued on page 4)
we would be in a very good position if we should take that game from the Bucks,” concluded Mai.
Frosh Drilled
Elmer Burnham has drilled the frosh very carefully in the plays used by the Scarlet and Gray and employed double and triple reverses and laterals against the varsity in an attempt to make them more alert for the approaching battle, b.d.s.
Intef'wirveii ftxmm TOKB8”
Eikdirdhir new. * * Soefcs in tike soft mellbw feoiMS o£ fine Snede. Deep, rick AttttMMi edbriksis . * .lo biend with yonr daeker IdU ekxkiae.
SOOMAINSf.
^tsJbtah to ihsi £diJtoA Discusses Roosevelt, Willkie Dear Editor: , Letters recently published incite me to discuss (not argue) the present political situation. It seems to me that the general public votes suxordhtg to the individual’s particular fears or the pressure of the type of propaganda most read and heard, rather than according to conclusions baaed on actual reason. Willkie says that he will give us a “new world.” One would think that Hitler had beat him to the job. As for Roosevelt—many have had enough of him and one would think that he had had enough. First, he got scared when France capitulated and came out in a big way for peace time conscription; secondly, he wants a third term to defend the Western Hemisphere. But on foreign policy and conscription these candidates agree. As for the third term, the people can take it or leave it. 'They still have the vote and the Austjralian ballot with the added protection of the Hatch Act. Appreciation, Not Subservience We all know that Purdue has benefited from public grants. We agree that these were worthy projects, but the matter of appreciation or gratitude is another subject. It is very true that no matter what opportunities or benefits are offered and accepted, it is our own use of these in our lives and their affect on others that counts. It is also true that one cannot truly make the best use of these opportunities and benefits in a subservient statei of mind. Neither Oan one make use in a headstrong, thoughtless, “follow the crowd” attitude. Each student should really try to get down to actual study in order not only to make good use of the opportanities offered at Purdue, but also to be able to vote in a dignified manner. Another catch phrase of Willkie’s is to give to the government—^not take frotoi the government. It would appear from this that the Republicans (and industry) feel that taxes should be heavier, else h'ow give to the government? Perhaps he means in service. But the Republican argument is against bureaucracies and widespread government agencies. To my mind the wider the authority is spread the greater the democratic spirit. Moreover, I can see no argument against to great a spread of peace time service as of military service. There seems to be little objection to that, at least by those remotely effected. Political Cliches Are Childish To my mind the whole political idea is extremely childish and ineffective. In campaigns both sides use generalities and high soimding phrases, making big promises and personally presenting themselves as political Tarzans. We all play the game on one side or another and have a handsome, extravagant time of it. Then when the game is over we find the same problems to be solved as faced the nation before the big game. If sometimes a platform could be drawn with objectives desired by the people at large and then a definite method of accomplishment be voted upon by a man of proved ability pledged to carry out these objectives in a manner approved by the people at large, the nation might have dignified and honorable elections. In other words our democracy needs a business base. As for Roosevelt being a man of money and Willkie being a commoner. Inherited money comes to the heir honestly, while rapidly accumulated wealth is an unbalanced economic state such as we have been experiencing, cannot be supposed to come from those most able to pay it. Also, it is the Republican idea that if business is relieved of governmental restraints, it will be so philanthropic that it will reinstate a system that will control labor, pay labor when industry has all the profit it desires, and throw labor out at will. We can never have a return to simple supply and demand economics and a discard of planned economics. We can never escape from hunger and want in a world of plenty until we have two things. First, man must control money instead of being controlled by it. In other words human or spiritual values must come first—people must control property. Second, neither capital nor labor should dominate. Government is the balance wheel. The people (both capitalists and laborers are the people) should value the agency of government, not say that it interferes. It is their onhi government. In closing, I want to add that there can never be world peace unless unity is achieved. If we could ignore that the whole world is at war and “about face” to a new intangible concept of world peace insurance by forming a world peace insurance pool giving authority to arbitrators and financing for reconstruction, world economic conditions might be permanently balanced. Grace L. Oswalt, 205 Perrin avenue, Lafayette.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Jewelers
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Right Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
..JlG4UUaA4f,. HOME AND bach BY Railway Express!
Direct as a "toucJidown pass’* is the campus-to-home laundry service oflfered by RAILWAY EXPRESS. We call for your laundry, take it home... and then bring it back to you at yout co^ege, address. It’s as quick and convenient as that! You may send your laundry prepaid or collect, as you prefer. Low rates include calling for and delivering in all cities and principal towns. Use RAILWAY EXPRESS, too,for swift shipment of all packages and luggage. Just phone Phone 5069 9 So. Second St. lalvotte, hd.
railwa
AGENCY
CY
XPRESS
INC.
HATION-WIUI KAIl-AIK SIIVICI (PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, October 3,1940 ^
,VI 115.
s
Iw'
P-
Dolphin Club Holds Meeting Monday Evening In Union The third annual reception of the Dolphin Club, men’s swimming honorary, was held last evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. Fred I. Goldsmith, assistant dean of men, showed pictures of his
last year’s Florida trip.
Coach Dick Papenguth spoke. Those present were the members of last season’s freshman and varsity swimming teams. Chuck Siler is the Dolphin Club’s president, j.l.g.
WBAA
Boilermaker Cross-Country Squad Meets Indiana Tomorrow In Season's Opener Running of the cross-country variety will celebrate its inaugural performance of this season Friday afternoon, when the highly touted Hoosiers from down Bloomington way engage the charges of Herman Phillips in Ross-Ade stadium at 4:15 p. m. The harriers will vie for supremacy over a three and one-half . mile course, the start and finish being in the stadium.
I. U. Tough
Coach Hayes brings a troup of runners that are potential national champions and are certain to extend the Riveters to the limit if the latter are to win, for Hayes has been producing winners and teams of national prominence for a number of years. However, it is the initial meet of the campaign for both squads and little if anything can be advanced in the way of a prediction. Hedges and Toliver give the Cream and Crimson two very dependable and outstanding men, whose feats on the cinder paths are recognized wherever track men as-
semble.
Holderman Vs. Tolliver Last year in the state meet and again in the Conference competition Captain Holderman, Boilermaker mainstay, defeated Ed Tolliver by the scant margin of a few inches in the two mile race. Should Hedges be in good condition, he may beat both and thus contribute a first place to the I. U. cause. What chances the Gold and Black entertain for a victory depend upon sophomores Appleton and Roach, The remainder of the Riveter entries are Captain Ed Holderman; Schulman, junior; Jarvis, junior; McLaughlin, junior; and Reeves, junior. Campbell Kane, a stellar performer at the half-mile and mile, is not noted as a threat in long distances, but would give additional strength to his team if he should be in top form,
t.c.
The remainder of the cross-coun-try schedule follows: Oct. 12—Pittsburgh, here. Oct. 19—Ohio State, there. Oct. 26—Wisconsin, there. Nov. 2—^Wayne, there. Nov. 9—State Meet, here. Nov. 16—Conference Meet at Chicago. Nov. 25—CAA at East Lansing. Dr. F. Stuart Chapin, University of Minnesota sociologist, has been awarded the University Medal from his alma mater, Columbia University. Yale College was originally located at Saybrook, Conn.
Thursday
11:00
PTA Program
11:15
March Time
11:30
County Federation of Clubs
11:50
Purdue News Plashes
12:00
Social Security
12:15
Sportsman Corner
12:30
Meet the Band
12:45
Monitor Views the News
1:00
Just Relax
1:15
Market Reports
1:30
Flying Club
1:45
Eyes on Headlines
2:00
The Apothecary
2:15
Edward Foley, pianist
2:30
Parent Forum
2:45
Treasure Chest
3:00
Story of the Opera
3:30
Tea Time Tunes
4:00
Union Interviews
4:15
Eleanor Slopesma, soprano
4:30
Exponent of the Air
4:45
Story Book Hour
Newsom, Detroit (Continued from page 3) ing never pitched in a World Series game, while Derringer had a record of six games pitched and not a single win. Derringer’s battery mate was the 40 year old coach,’^Jimmy Wilson, who was catching to fill the gap left by an ankle injury to “Beezer” Lombardi. The Detroit first string catcher, “Birdie” Tebbets, was also out of the lineup because of Newsom’s insistence on using Billy Sullivan, his usual receiver. Bartell Strikes Out The game started with an ominous note as Bartell whiffed on four pitches. In the second inning, ten Tigers batted and during the fiurry of five hits and two errors, two new figures emerged. One was the large number five placed in the Detroit run column and the other was the frame of Lloyd Moore planted on the pitching mound. After two innings of fine relief work, Moore weaked a bit, and after York had tripled, Bruce Campbell thumped the game’s only home run into the left-center field stands. The Reds scored their runs one at a time. In both cases it involved a double followed by a single, Rowe Vs. Walters In today’s game, the Reds will probably pit Bucky Walters, who has an impressive record of 22 victories, against Detroit’s comeback hero. Schoolboy Rowe. Back in 1935, Rowe won 17 straight games and then a sore arm put him back into the oblivion of the minor leagues. This year, however, he’s back with a vengeance as his 16 wins against 3 losses show. K Bridges pitches the third game, Newsom can be counted on to pitch the fourth and seventh games if the series goes to that many games. The Reds will use either Turner or Thompson in the third game. j.f. New girls’ dormitories are being opened this month by the University (6f Missouri at Columbia.
NEWEST SHADE IN FALL LEATHERS CHOCOUTI
Smart dressers will like Ihe trim, snappy lines of this straight tip in "Qiocolote Brown" for town and business wear. Let los show you tills and our other new Fortunes.
B & W Shoe Co. East Side of Square
cc
’LoeVs for Sweaters''
^ I
J K Shetland Classics
and up
See the “English Twister’" styled with.a fitted neckline so that it can be worn in reverse. In a wide range of soft fall pastels—brown, blue, natural, red, yellow. Sizes 32 to 40.
Style sketched Matching pullover
$2.98 $2.98
Intramural Sports Fraternity Touchball A practice round starting October 8 will mark the beginning of this season’s interfratemity touchball program. It is hoped that all fraternities will enter a team, thus garnering for themselves fifty participation points for mere entry. A cup and ten extra points will be awarded the winner, with five points for runner up. This year not more than nine men will constitute a team. Since copies of the official rules may be obtained at the intramural office it is urged that all participants learn them well in order to avoid misunderstandings on the field. Footballs may be checked out now for practice on any one of the regulation fields now laid out on thedn-
tramural field, but th^y must be returned each day. The regular games will he refereed by paid officials who will have a ball on hand, j.s.k. Intra-School Cross-Country / The annual intra-school crosscountry meet will be held on October 9 at 4:20 p. m. All contestants will meet in the Fieldhouse dressing rooms before going out to the course. The race will be run'over the mile course around the Intramural Field. Gold medals will be awarded to the members comprising the winning teajtn and also to the contestants who finish first, second, and third, proviv.’ng that they are not on the winning squad, SOFTBALI^Today Diamond 1 Beta Theta Pi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Z Beta Sigma Psi vs. Theta Xi. 8 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Alpha Sigma Phi.' 4 Sigma Chi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 5 Theta Tau vs. Delta Tau Delta. 6 Triangle vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 7 Acacia vs. Kappa Delta Bho. 8 Sigma Alpha Kpsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 9 Sigma Nu vs. Phi Delta Theta. 10 Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 14. 11 Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 12 12 . Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 4
18 Cary Hall B vs. Cary Hall 18. 14 Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 6. IB Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 7. 16 Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall 10. 17 Ward 7 vs. Ward 80. 18 Ward 22 vs. Ward 24. 19 Ward 81 vs. Ward 8. _’‘J Sigma Pi vs. Theta Chi. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Pi Kappa P^i. TENNIS Schweig vs. Cohen or Lichtenberg. Pickering vs. Christensen. ' McLaughlin vs. Dudzinski. Gardner vs. Wells.
Choose from Our Large Selection of I OUiqidbft. QoaLdu Priced $5.75 to $25.00
500MAIN ST.
CLoraEtmopiNC.
V(irc fhc potc^/ VAone ihe moter/ to Bwy fln ALLIGATOR.'
i’,
(Wtth Slide Fastener Front, $11 60) According to our style scouts this is the “hottest” fashion of the school year. Alligator designed it for you—and tailored it in the new Stormwind cloth, another Alligator exclusive. Dependably water repellent—wind and dust proof, too Heavy stitching at bottom and cuffs adds that final touch of distinction. Better dash over to your favorite store now and get yours for rain or shine wear. SOMETHING ULTRA FOR THE “ULTRA” . . . SAMTHUR SPECIAL FINISH Same style Tailored in Alligator’s suede-like finish water repellent fabric Another outstanding value.
(Wtth SMe Fastener Front, iU.76)
Other Alligator Roihedafs $5.rS to $26.50
AT BETTER DEALERS EVERYWHERE THE ALLIGATOR CO., St. Louis, Los Angeles, New York
ALLIGATOR
because .
. IT’S SURE .TO RAIN!
V WATCHES'.^ FOR MEN! ^ BENRUS
^'BOWAPARTE’O
JEWEL tinted Dial To Match Its Rich Red Gold Color Case r
SOc*WEEK
The smart new square "Bonaparte” in stylish red gold color. Accurate 17 jewel movement, genuine leather strap. Wafer thin.
633 Main St. Phone 2383
FOR FALL FHEEDOMl
l^oawe
Enjoy the buttonless comfort for which Rogue Shirts by *B V D. are famous. Star yourself in the shirt designed in Hollywood and noted for its smart, tailored appearance. The patented V neckline remains smartly closed without the annoyance of buttons or gadgets. They're long sleeved and priced moderately. See our fresh shipment of new Fall fabrics today. A shirt FREE to any player scoring against Ohio State.
316 State St, W.L.