A-
V
Osborne Will Bring His Band To Campus For Union Formal Tickets Limited to 700 For Dance Tomorrow Tomorrpw night Will Osborne and his .band, who have played for more college proms during the lasti three seasons than any other band, will furnish the music for the Union Pormal. Befojre a backdrop of a silhouette of the Union and a gentleman in tails skipping over a woman, Os-
From All Fronts
Today's Summary Of War News
Chicaso Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1940. Chicagoi Daily News, Inc. • Russ-Axis Cooperation? Light is thrown on diplomatic relationships of the Axis with Russia in a dispatch frotn Rome by John T. Whitaker, who quotes the Critica Fascists as saying; “A partial acceptance by Russia of the theory of* subdividing vital space in Europe and Asia is possible. It is more difficult, however, to involve the Russians in an offensive action.”
• Greeks Consolidate Gains The Greeks yesterday were pressing hard against Porto Edda and Argirocastro in Albania, it is related in news from Athens, and the capture of these two key cities is looked for at any time.
• German Industry Ahead The preparedness race between the Axis on one side and Britain and America on the other shows the Nazis well out in front, writes B. J. McQuaid from Washington. And, he says, “they will be still well out in front when our present planebuilding program is completed, as of mid-1942.”
Will Osborne borne will sing, clown, joke and keeps things moving like a master showman. i “Stinky” Rogers: Comedian In addition to Osborne there is "“Stinky” Rogers who is not only a singer and a comedian but creator of many of Osborne’s specialties such as “Between Eighteenth and Nineteenth on Chestnut Street” and “Wouldst Could I But Kiss Thy Hand, Oh Babe.” In addition to playing at college proms, Osborne has been featured with his group in many hotels and clubs from coast to coast, such as the Edgewater Beach in Chicago and the Hotel Pennsylvania in New York. Tickets for the dance may be obtained in front of the Sweet Shop and can be exchanged for programs at the west check room bf the Union. The tickets, which are limited to 700, are $1.60. d.w.o. Indiana Horf Society Publishes Programs Complete programs for the annual meetings of the Indiana Horticultural Society and Indiana State Vegetable Growers’ Association which are to be held in the Severin Hotel, Indianapolis, December 1012, are featured in the December issue of ‘booster Horticulture.*^ The publication also contains a number of technical articles of particular interest to apple growers, including an apply spray schedule for commercial orchards in the state for 1941. d.w.0.
• New Nazi U-Boat Technique New submarine technique, as described by Berlin: U-boats wait under water for approaching convoys, loose torpedoes when the ships are overhead; British warships are compelled to thread among the attacked vessels in order to drop depth bombs, and the noise of many propellers make detection apparatus inoperative.
The answer to attack on British convoys is being directed by Prime Minister Churchill personally and, as in the World War, the nation can be confident of an early solution. Sir John Anderson told the British House of Commons yesterday. There was a hint of compulsory labor in industrial areas.
• 25 British Ships Sunk Berlin claims yesterday brought to 26 the number of British merchant ships the Germans have reported sinking since Monday. The Italian high command today announces tiiat two British cruisers have been torpedoed by planes near northern Crete and a destroyer by a submarine in the Atlantic.
• I ndo-China - Siamese War The undeclared war between French Indo-China and Thailand continues, with'the news given out at Bangkok that a French transport ship, attempting to land troops on the Siamese side of the Mekhong River, was destroyed by gunfire. Exponent Co-eds Freshmen and sophomores report for work on co-ed edition at 4 p. m. today. ‘ SIMPSON.
It's 'What A Life' As 'CoUich' Students Re-Live High School At Playshop's Show
By Martha Jane Fox
“What a Life”—people run around the stage while others are trying to make themselves heard as far back as the fifteenth row. Construction gangs blissfully ignore the actors and spray paint over everything in ^ sight. Someone draws the curtain, there are a few more wild yells ^and the curtain opens on a typically dreary high school principal’s office. We are taken back to our high school days with the first few lines^ while we relax and view the problems of that age which seemed so
all-important then.
Misunderstood School Boy Betty Erick, in the role of the principal’s secretary, plays the part of a million other such secretaries.
Ballet Russe Will Appear Oif Campus Next Monday Limited Number Of Tickets Available To General Public For Fourth Convocation
Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo will appear in the Hall of Music Monday evening, December 9, in the fourth University convo of the year. It has been announced that a limited number of seats will be available to the general public. The tickets, priced at one dollar, will gp on sale just before the performance starts. The doors of the building will open at 7:16 o’clock. The ballet, under the general supervision of S. Hurok, is making its ninth annual tour of the country, after a successful three Week’s season in New York. This past summer they were on tour of South America. Leonide Massine Stars Leading light of the ballet is Leonide Massine who has the four:fold position of artistic director, maitre-de-ballet, choregrapher and leading dancer. Other male dancers featured are Andre Eglevsky, Igor Youskevitch, Frederic Franklin and Marc Platoff. The featured ballerinas are Alexandra Danilova, Alicia Markova and Mia Slavenska. Efrem Kurtz, outstanding Symphonic director, is the ballet’s musical director. r.s.k.
Annual Christmas Music Convocation In Music Hall Dec, 18 Annual Christmas Convocation, which will again feature University musical organizations, will be held Wednesday night, December 18, at 8 o’clock in the Hall of Music. The convocation is being sponsored by the committee on convocations for worship of which Pi of. Hadley is chairman. Celeste preludes by Joanne Lloyd, selections from “The Nutcracker Suite” by the University orchestra, carol singing by the audience under the direction of A. P. Stewart, and a Christmas Choralogue by the Concert and University Choirs will make up the program. The modern ‘ dance group, composed of co-eds under the direction of Miss Helen Knight, will assist the orchestra in the final number of “The Nutcracker Suite.” William Heath will be the narrator and Mollie Harding the soloist in the Christmas Choralogue. The program will be open to the general public without charge. p.g.h.
R. McColly, CE '41, Killed In Automobile Collision Yesterday Robert M. McColly, 24 years old, a senior in the school of civil engineering, was killed early yesterday morning when the automobile he was driving collided with another on State Highway 63, four miles north of Montmorenci. McColly, who was a member of Acacia fraternity, was returning to the University from his home in Rensselaer. The accident occurred at 1:15 a. m. The other car involved was driven by Raymond O’Brien, of Kentland. O’Brien and two women occupants of hi^ car, Bernice Dyer and Madge Tow, both of Wolcott, all were taken to St. Elizabeth hospital. Hospital attaches said Miss Dyer was suffering from fracture of both legs and minor injures. Neither O’Brien nor Miss Tow is in serious condition. State police investigated. j.l.t. ' Fraternity Council
Let's Have Your Photos FleCtS OfflCOTS
and John Goll is the misunderstood school boy. Another character worth watching is Mr. Ferguson, the flatfoot, which will be taken care of very capably by John Hobson, Of course, there are lots of the usual high school characters, including the girl selling tickets for spmething or other. Don Salmond, as the principal, has a feeling for the part and made us rather ci’inge in our seats when he stalked into the office, where all of the action takes place. There isn’t room here to mention all the others in the cast, although every one is important in the play. If you would like to laugh at what you must have been a few years ago, see “What a life.”
For The Police Gazette Where’s that photograph of your friend’s (or otherwise) latest embarassing moment that you pass around furtively and maliciously for private enjoyment? Want it published? No questions asked. Then bring the print down to the Exponent or to the Union west desk. What for? The annual SDX Riveter’s Rassle paper, “The Police Gazette.” We are collecting rare photographs of all types of rassling to publish in the Gazette, Friday, the thirteenth. \
Debris Salesmen It is imperative that the following people come into the Debris office today at 4 p. m. and^bring sales books and money: Marjorie Ballard, Harold Cook, John Ely, Rose Malcolm, Martha Hedges, Harry Nelson, Louise Krug, M, S. Ragsdole, Kay Weber, and S. Thomas Smith.
British Naval High School Debate, Losses Mount; Model Legislature y/antU.S.Ships Opens Tomorrow
By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, Dec. 4 — Yesterday’s meeting of administration officials in Washington and the simultaneous announcement here that Great Britain has ordered 60 American cargo ships have cast a ray of hope into a situation that has seemed depressing to the majority of people here. There has been no attempt here for some time to conceal the seriousness of British shipping losses. For the week ended Nov, 24 the loss was 22 ships totaling 87,976 tons— the highest loss of any week since the war began. It is now known that the Germans have 100 U-boats operating around the British Isles. These boats are hunting in groups, Berlin has stated. For the foim-week period ended Nov. 24 shipping totaling 323,167 tons went to the bottom. This compares with the tonnage lost duping March, 1917, when 363,000 tons were sunk by U-boats and minps, but it has not yet reached the figure of 881,000 tons lost in April, 1917. ‘Not Enough Escort Ships’ Today the London Daily Telegraph’s shipping correspondent explains why losses are greater now than previously: “Up to a few months ago, for a submarine to attack a convoy, even of she succeeded in sinking a ship or two, was inevitably to sound her own death knell,” he writes. “Today, our escorts are insufficient always to insure this, mainly owing to the French Navy’s defection and the entry of Italy into the war. “Whether circumstances will yet permit the redistribution of escorts and patrol vessels, sufficient to meet the menace to shipping, only the Admiralty can say. New warships are being delivered as fast as shipyards can turn them out, and 60 destroyers from the United States are passing into service, as their rearmament progresses.” There are, and will continue to be, a need here for all the ships —both merchantmen and warships. The British Navy looks longingly at the 70 remaining overage destroy(Continued on page 4)
858 Students Register For Two-Day Session Approximately 1,000 high school students will attend the annual Debate Conference and Legislative Assembly which will meet here tomorrow and Saturday. Accopling to Professor P. E. Lull, University director of the conference, 868 students from 76 schools have made advance registrationThe conference will be divided infto two groups, a Legislative Assembly and a Debaters’ Conference.
E. C. Buehler The Legislative Assembly, which consists of students elected by their respective student bodies, will consider bills on 20 topics, including five suggested by Governor M, Clifford Townsend. These bills will be referred to committees, selected from the “House” and “Senate” and the usual parliamentary procedure will be followed. Knapp Will Preside Fred H. Eichhom, former state senator, will preside over the “Senate,” while James M. Knapp, state representative and speaker of the House, will preside over the sessions of the “Representatives.” The debaters will hear Donald Richberg, at one time one of the prominent New Deal advisors in Washington. Richberg, who served as chief counsel for the NRA from its inception in 1933 until 1935, will (Continued on page 4)
"God Bless America' Fails To Get Collegiate Editors' Approval
The fraternity advisors council held its second quarterly meeting Tuesday night at the Alpha Tau Omega house.* The topic under discussion was the relationship of the advisor to thb fraternity. After the dinner meeting the following officers were elected for the coming year; president, C. W. Moellering; vice president, F. E. Robbins; and secretary, H. Ainsworth, d.e.b. McBee Receives Two Fellowships Following a trip to St. Louis last month, Dr. E. T. McBee, associate professor of the chemistry department, received two fellowships front the Mallinckrodt Chemical Works for research on general anaesthetics. The fellowships will extend from three to five years, during that time an attempt will be made to produce a new and ideal anaesthetic. d.t.b.
By Associated Collegiate Press “What’s become of JThe Star Spangled Banner’ — or have we abandoned it as our national anthem?” asks the Purdue Exponent. That’s a question that a lot of college newspapers have bee^ asking, half tongue-in-cheek, half seriously. The Exponent “won’t debate the merits of Irving Berlin’s ‘God Bless America’ but we do dispute its right to the same honors as the national anthem. We think that the substitution of ‘The Star Spangled Banner’ for ‘God Bless America’ on a few public programs would be a welcome change—at least for college students who have built up a terrific ‘hate’ for the very obvious attempt to synthesize patriotism where patriotism has already existed.” The Daily Reveille raises a protest at Louisiana State "university, taking its readers back to one of the recent football games. “When the band played the super-popular God Bless America,’ thousands leaped to their feet and males swept hats from pates as the tune swung oaiu We wish that such respect would be shown ‘The Star Spangled Banner*.” The Reveille believes that “if the fervid standees would stop Uh moment to consider the silly trib-
ute they are paying to the American god. Advertising, they might save their fervor for true patriotism. God didn’t pick out this geographical spot to endow all his lof^ virtues. We should be proud that we were born here; we shonki also remember that it’s pretty much of a genetical accident that we are Americans. God doesn’t ‘bless' America; ‘blessings’ come where people are free to think and where those men act decently toward their fellows.” El Gaucho takes up a similar cry at Santa i Barbara State college.^ “Understand,” says El Gau<ffio, “we don’t object to people’s rising to sing ‘God Bless America.* We think it is a very nice gesture to the composer and to the singer who made it famous and nothing mero. But one’s ability to bettotT forth chauvinistic babble is hardly an indication of one’s feelings towards the United States.” Reeling that 'Hhere^wiU probably be FBI men on our trail by morn- ^ ing,” the Dartmouth declares it is “unable to keep silence any longer on ‘God Bless America*.” The song^ says the Dartmouth* brings up a “mental picture of someoue waring ^ a flag because it’s fun to wafo a flag andoverybody rimfodningih f■pm if'^
^ ~7
fia^2~£diti
"//
Thuntdoy* December 5, 1940
fiuJuibjUL £xftMunL
Sn^Colmnn
Mr. Allen Bailey of the Delphi Citizen sort of exploded a bomb under this campus Tuesday. He got lots of fan mail, too. Everyone seemed to have plenty of things to say. We have just one. Referring to his remark on our poker playing tendencies. We figure this world would be a heck of a lot better place to live in. If people spent their time shooting pool and craps instead of shooting each other. ♦ ♦ * Mussolini’s boys are still busy over in Albania. And according to the Italian press . . . “Italian soldiers are rapidly occupying new positions.” But they forget to add . . . In the rear of previous positions. * * * And then there’s that big map the balcony boy had erected. It shows Greece already incorporated into “Greater Italy.” We imagine that it is kind of a problem to the Duce. Embarrassing rumors are floating around, and it would be even more embarrassing if the thing were removed. But as things continue, it won’t be a problem much longer. The Greeks will be able to use it to show “Greater Greece.” A s}s ^ According to what we hear Adolf’s getting on the ball again. England is beginning to be a good place not to be. But we were thinking that if Adolf ever wanted to go into an honest, legitimate business . . . He could arrange wonderful 4th of July displays. ♦ ♦ * Speaking of Adolf, now he’s beefing about the United States. He claims we don’t have any idealistic motives
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 110^ act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief R. W. Donahue Business Manager — — . Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff Mews Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, M. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Sh^dford; Circulation klanager, R. M Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor — .. Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor _ .. . J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc,, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Ochiltree Day Editor. Rose Ass’t Night Editor: AlianSon Night Sports Editor: Swaim Staff: Brophy, Jones, Kolb, Hoffman, Boswinkle, Tewksbuiy, Craigmile, Howard, Barson, ^lark, Hummel, Lang, Fraser, Lewis.
in selling stuff to Britain. We’re just doing it for the money, he says. We suppose he thinks he should . . . Get a cut for creating business, o.l.a.
Names In The News On South Campus By Dale E. Butz Dr. S. S. Cromer, K. W. Kiltz, B. C. Lawson, H, L. Leonard, H. P. Sweany, H. Taylor, W. A. Williams and Dr. Z. M. Smith, all of the agricultural education department, attended an evaluation conference held last week at Crawfordsville. This conference is a part of a national project, the results of which will be used as a basis for tiie revision of federal, state and local standards in vocational agriculture.
The agricultural chemistry staff held its annual Christmas dinner party Tuesday evening at Lincoln Lodge.
Mr. H. W. Gregory, head of the dairy department, B. E. Horrall and P. E. Lelliker attended the annual meeting of the National Butter Institute held Tuesday and yesterday at Chicago.
Dr. E. C. Young, of farm management, and T, M. Bushnell, of the experimental staff, addressed the annual meeting of the American Society of Farm Managers and Rural Appraisers held this week in Chicago. Young spoke on the outlook for farm commodity ptices, while Bushnell discussed soil survey work as it applies to farm appraisal.
A poultry marketing class, accompanied by Professor C. W. Garrick, left today on a two-day tour through northern Indiana and western Ohio. During the tour the class will vin. it Mentone, Sherman White plant at Fort Wa3me and the egg auction at VersaiUies, Ohio.
Dr. E. R. Martell, head of the forestry department, is spending today, tomorrow and Saturday in southern Indiana. Martell, accompanied by H. A. Hyatt, director of conservation for the Indiana Coal Producers Association, will inspect strip mines of southern Indiana. Staff Members To Speak At Chicago Ag Conference Several staff members will be active next week at the annual meeting of the American Association of Agricultural Engineers at the Stevens hotel in Chicago. Professor I. D. Mayer will preside at the sessions on soil and water conservation; David Harker is scheduled to speak on “Recent Developments in Controlled Drainage,” and Richard Witz will discuss “The Design of Farm Freezing Units.” Pi Kappa Alpha . . . social fraternity announces the election of the following oflScers: Bill Sharpies, president; Bill HermglBke, vice president; John Loomis, aecretary; E. P. Neate, txsMurer; and Ken Sutton, house maiUMger.
W. A. Hanley Installed Into ASME Presidency W. A. Hanley, ME ’ll, was installed as national president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers last night at the annual convention in New York City. Dr. G. A. Hawkins of the University mechanical engineering school received recognition from Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical engineering honorary, for his outstanding work with high pressure steam. After graduation, Hanley went to work in the engineering department of the Eli Lily company in Indianapolis where he later became director of engineering. He is now a director of the company. Dean A. A. Potter, twice past president of ASME, and Professor E. S. Ault are also attending the convention. Dr. W. L. Batt, ME ’07, now president of the SKF industries, is another University graduate who has served as president of ASME. f.i.j. Mitifary Departmenf Shows Posfure Films Af 4 P. M. Two films demonstrating dei^ects in posture and proper corrective measures will be shown today at 4 p. m, in room 429, Electrical Engineering Building. The films are shown under the auspices of the military department and were obtained from the extension department of Indiana university. Everyone interested is invjted to attend, the military department stated. R. C. Allen .. . better known as “Bob,” storekeeper of the Chemistry department for 20 years, celebrated his 60th birthday last Friday. “Bob” came to the University in September, 1920, and has served in the store room of the Chemistry Building ever since.
Try The Library Fqr Study Hours With Zip And Zest By Mary Lou Losey Everything drowsy and quiet in the library Sunday afternoon, so we were stealing forty winks when a loud crash thundered in our ears —after only the twentieth wink, too. Looking up we saw flashes, fire and bits of flying metal and glass. All this was centered around one of the lights extending from the ceiling that had decided to perk up slumbering students even if it meant blowing itself to pieces. In a few seconds it was all over except for two brooms sweeping the debris softly into a dustpan. People sat up straighter even if they did have a rather sheepish look and that “wonder how many people saw me jump” attitude. Fond memories of a passing week-end were rudely banished from our startled minds (for at least half an hour) as we dug deeply into books and laboriously wrote out those due-tomoriow term papers. Don’t foiget; for studying with zip and zest and perhaps a bang or two—try the library. Mixed Recreation . . . will be held in the Memorial gymnasium tomorrow night from 7 J;o 10 o’clock. Fencing, badminton, volleyball and swimming are among the activities that will be going on. Men are invited.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY THE COVERED TRAILER' with _ JAMES RUSSELL and LUCILE GLEASON
PLUS
ROY ROGERS — IN—. DAYS OF JESSE JAMES ~AUO —
>ADDn>-~ FIRST RUN NEWS
LUMA Today - Fri. - Sal.—2 HITS
The most unusual love story the screen has ever told!
with LYNNE ROBERTS GUY KIBBEE JOHN McGuire ED GARGAN HOBART CAVANAUGH JEROME COWAN
-The Ratio— 3.93 .. to 1
Tragedy, fellows. Ever since Pat Lacamp came back from her visit home a couple weeks ago, she has been hibernating and refusing every invitation out. The reason has finally come out. Believe it or not, Pat is in love with a D.U. at home by the name of Kirschner. We were wondering why she went home in the middle of nothing. Ran into an interesting article the other day from Westinghouse. They're building a new ^generator out there in Pittsburgh that is a third larger than any now in existence. The whole unit is to be 40 feet wide and stand 22 feet high. It did not tell the capacity but stated that the unit could light 6,500,000 60 watt bulbs. Get out your slip-stick, you E.E.’s and tell me the capacity, quick. You’ve heard of the Alpha Chis’ new dog, “Binge,” haven’t you ? Well, a sad thing has happened. They have lost him. He almost ruined their new rug, so they gave him to the mother of one of the girls to be house-broken. That sounds like a dirty trick. Why don’t they fight their own battles? What’s this we hear about the Pi Phis not letting any of the girls come to dinner the other night without a pin? Seems like the Pi Phis are always trying to keep up with the Chi Os or vice-versa, doesn’t it ? At long last, we have found a secret passion. We thought we had lost them things in high school, but no, here’s one right here. Ross Allen of the East Hall is the victim and he’s in constant awe and admiration of Theta Jeanette Haines. Well, he’s got good taste anyhow. He really has it bad, though. His favorite trick is to hide behind trees and watch her as she goes past. Recently, he went all the way to Indianapolis just to get the original photograph that appeared in the Indianapolis Star. Gad, that’s devotion for you. Happy ending, too. He finally got a coke date with her. Well, another big week-end is about on us people. The Union Formal is tomorrow night and it featuies the smooth band of Will Osborne. That sounds like one not to miss. What makes us mad is that we’re going to have to shave to go
Hair Cut 35c Shave 20c 117 N. Second St. Open Saturday Untill 9 p. m.
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
NOW SHOWING ONLY 3 MORE DAYS
HEI.IB4 ^ PARRIf H — COMING — GINGER ROGERS RONALD COLMAN "LUCKY PARTNERS"
GRIN AND
By Llchfy
Ay
m
“Hereafter, pay attention to OUR targets—this radio says you hit the bulls-eye in a Coney Island shooting gallery and they’re sending us a teddy bear!”
to it and that’ll just ruin our beard for the “Rassle.” Oh, well, we’ll fake one. It’ll look better anyhow.
IM Schedules
CO-ED VOLLEYBALL SCHEDULE Thursday, December 5, 4 p. m. OBI. vs. Thaeles. Wood VB. Ward I. Ward II vs. Pi Phi. Thursday, December 5, 5 p. m. South Hall vs. Ward III. Alpha Xi vs. North Hall B. Monday, December 9, 4 p. m. Ward I vs. Kappa. Pi Phi vs. Chi O. South Hall vs. Aloha Xi Wednesday, December 11, 4 p. m. South Hall vs. Alpha Xi Wood vs. Kappa. Wednesday, December 11, 5 p. m. South Hall vs. North Hall B O.B.I. vs North Hall A. Thursday, December 12, 4 p. m. Thaeles vs. North Hall.
Foolball Awards Will Be Anaounced Over Radio The All-Collegiate awards for 33 national grid stars will be announced this evening over the Kate Smith hour. Broadcast over a na-tion-wide network, the program annually heralds an honor squad and presents each of the winners with ■ffirexpensive watch. Sleepy Jim Crowley, coach of the Fordham Rams, will preside over the sports part of the program. A telegram urging the Boilermaker student body to listen for the announcement of the awards was received by the athletic department yesterday from a promoter of the Kate Smith program. r.o.s.
jVsave.an yjDbjce^n.t manull’s the seasoin’'s mio.Sit uau'SU'ol romantic mystery'! T 't JACKIE COOPER BONITA GRANVILLE GENE REYNOLDS
wiffc
TODAY - FRIDAY MARS
iUNE PREISSER VVilliam TR7\eY
ILEO GGRCEY EL BRENDBL
V,
All< ^7? j^-* « ♦‘j n ^<t^^-ai^r<i;^ff ^ ^ ^ "-‘7’ ' I t ^ r %n\^ ■ < }> ^
finutdm. ^cpowttft
Thutr^oy, December 5# 1940
fifaeuiS •’SttoJdi
Jj
Hardwood Team Primes For St Joe Tilt Tomorrow Tapering off in their practice sessions, the Boilermaker hasketeers yesterday afternoon held what may be their final scrimmage before they oppose St. Joseph tomorrow evening. Foot- ^ work, passing and shooting received much attention, with the ' emphasis being placed on the former. Some of Lambert’s cleverness was seen in the fake passes and decoy passes that he instructed the boys to execute.
As has been his habit in the past week, Piggy divided the squad into two units with Mel Taube fconducting one and he) Piggy, the other. Bob Igney continues to be impressive with his long shots and in general is an inspiration to his mates as their captain. Jake Weber and Fred Krampe both use their height of six feet, five inches to advantage on pivot plays and rebound work under the backboards. The St. Joe team again proved its strength Mondaj^ evening when it conquered strong Illinois Wesleyan, 44 to 38, at Bloomington. This is the second victory of the campaign for the Pumas who overwhelmed Huntington earlier in the year by the lop-sided count of 74 to 24. The Wesleyan game was played on almost even terms for the first half, the score at the intermission being 22 to 20 in favor of the Illinois quintet. However, the powerful Pumas asserted their superiority and went on to win by the 11-point margin. In the cohrse of the game. Coach Joe Dienhart virtually cleared his bench of substitutes, making the victory more impressive. Urban Pfeffer, sophomore guard, rung up eight points from his position and put his team in the lead at 31 to 30 with a long field goal. Neal “Moose” Moser tallied 16 counters at forward, he and Bernard Hoffman accounting for 28 of the winner’s points, o.t.c.
Riveter Swimmers Pick Veteran Siler As Varsity Captain The varsity swimming squad has turned its face to the coming months of big meets, and with preparedness in mind chose Charles “Chuck” Siler as its captain for the 1940-1941 season. The new Riveter leader is a student in the Mechanical Engineering school and he is one of the two seniors on the squad. Siler—an Oak Park, Illinois, boy —dropped out of school last year after he had broken several varsity records during the early part of the season, but his return to school has given new strength to the middledistance free style division of this year’s team. With the Aquacade a thing of history. Coach Dick Papenguth has jbegun to whip the team into shape for the rigorous schedule. The freshman squad will be called on to do battle next week in the annual inter-squad meet in which the rhinies always manage to pull a few surprises. On December 19, the squad will begin its long drive to sunny Florida where the Christmas vacation will be devoted to special training.
THE IDEAL CHRISTMAS GIFT An Artistic, Unique and Individually Styled stone Set RING
The creations of RnTH QUALITY JEWELRY fulfill those desires
Delicately designed yet sturdy solid natural gold mountings, set with either genuine or synthetic stones of any description, really satisfy. JUST LOOK AT OUR SELECTION
GERRY MOHLAAAN
434 Main Street Lafayette
308 State Street West Lafayette
STUDENTS! WHEN IN TOWN Brush-Up on Dancing AT SPECIAL HOLIDAY RATES D uring the holidays, as soon as you reach home, plan to visit the Arthur Murray Studios and arrange for a few lessons. You’ll enjoy learning the latest Rumba and Fox Trot steps. In just a few hours you’ll surprise your partners with the thrilling new steps. Gain poise and confidence. Special low rates are offered to all students! Enroll as soon as possible and be a good dancer in time for your next party. All lessons are transferable to any one of our studios from coast-to-coast at no extra cost. Lessons may also be used at resorts. Don’t wait until die last minute.
ARTHUR^MURRAY Donee Studios from Coost^to^Coost
AXLAMnO dry ChsUante-Hsddon Hall BAUraMORB Hotel BelTedare BOSTON ........ Hotel Statler BBmaXPOBT Strataeld Hotel BUSTVAU) . Hotel StaUer dHABliOTXa . . . me Harding Flaoe CHICAGO . Hotel DraJto & 67 B. Jaebaon OINCINHATI . . NMherlandPIiuia Hotel CliEVBLAND Hotel Staaer HAIiUAS ........ Baber Hotel DBKROIT Hotel Statler BAHFOBANOB'. . . . Hotel Stdwtbaa HARTTOBD Bond Hotel HOUBKW . . .... less West (Nay KANSAS crair. mo. .. *m Broadway UNSANOBIBS .^SVnnaaBldg. atTtliAHlU “ lyDtifr
aakMrenyRtDd
M7N.BeTMyinirt
MBMW0TO_. Hotel Peabody MHiWAtlKBB Hotel Aster HINNBAFOUS Hotel NiooUet NEW HAVEN 1066 Chapel St NEWOBIBANS .... Boosevelt HotU NEWTOBE 7 East 48rd Street OUAHA Hotel EontaneUe PBILADBIiPHIA . Bellevue Stratford Hotel pmSBUBOH . . . Hotel WUUsm Bonn PBOVIDENCB , . . Prov. BUtmore Hotel ST. mtfIS .... 7743 Forsythe Bird. ST. PAUI, St Paul Hotel SAN FB&N0I800 . . . St Franola Hotel 6EATTIB ....... O^loHotd SIOUX FAUtH ..... . Flsln Bldg; BASHlNOMl^0.h.Udi
An
Betas Win Over Kappa Sigs
Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Now that football is over and the hardwood season just around the corner, one would think there would be a negative amount of subjects to expound upon, but while visiting the Pprdue injury-room in the Fieldhouse yesterday, I found the most intricate and delicate part of our athletic success. I discovered two behind-the-scene men, Lon Mann and Earl Gripe, Purdue’s trainers, whose duty is to keep at least a quorum of Boilermakers in the field of competition week after week, and frankly, I would trust these two men with the medication of certain injuries before I would the most lettered physician. —I-I— Lon and Earl use 120,000 yards of tape each nine months of the school year which makes something Hke 68 (plus) miles of the preventative wrapping. The same amount of gauze bandage is also used by these two experts on athletic injury. The art of taping has been renovated quite a bit since the days of early football, etc. Seasons ago, taping merely meant the wrapping of the sore or injured spot with the white strips with little, regard to effect, which was often detrimental instead of beneficial. —I-I— Lon informed us that with the change of athletics to a game for scientist instead of the brute came also an innovation for trainers. No longer was there a place for the haphazard, know-nothing of the smelly shower room, but instead came the introduction of the science of kinesiology, a study of muscle (its growth, construction and injury), to the repertoire of the trainer. And in this field, Lon Mann and
Earl Gripe have become leaders along with “Scrape-Iron” Young of Notre Dame. _M_ As a board of wood from a tree has its grain, so does the all important muscle, which so many of us are discomforted with as the result of overuse. Muscles have a sort of grain, better known to the kinesiologist as the fiber, but the “grain” of a muscle is far different than wood’s grain, because each muscle’s “grain” runs a different direction and does a different task. -I-I— You wouldn’t plane against or across the grain of a section of wood and get artistic results, and so the trainer must have a knowledge of ever^ muscle of the body so that he too can tape “with” the “grain” of the injured muscle and not “against” it. Ligaments, tendons, cartlidge (or cushions for shock absorbtion), hydro and electric therapy and bones also come into the scope of Lon Mann and Earl Gripe. Goaches come and go, but these two valuable men remain, the reason for retaining them is that they never made a mistake in judgment, and that’s a record in any man’s language, especially when you have about sixty patients a day. —I-I— Lon Mann became interested in conditioning men while in grade school. He used to hang around Ghicago University, watching the immortal Stagg in the Grand Old Man’s prime. Lon and the Chicago trainer, one of those fellows who probably taped against the “grain”' instead of with it, became real pals. The Chicago trainer gave the Mann kid a job after school, assisting in the Chicago shower room, which was eight tubs equipped with large sponges. _I.I_ Mann came to Purdue in 1923, while Gripe joined the athletic department in ^27. Previous to Lon’s arrival at Purdue he was head trainer at Chicago University from 18991916, and trainer of the Chicago White Sox in 1906. Came the World
BEAUTIFUL FLOWERS for BEAUTIFUL LADIES You'll win some compliments for being mighty smart, if you give her a stunning corsage for either the Union Formal W. R. H. Formal. Don't forget Dorner's when ordering unusual flower arrangements. Dorner’s flower Shop
Phone 6050
Main at 7fh
Try"this mazing 60-setond demonsirafion!
Wdte a few lines with this brilliant new Evershatp Repeating Pencil. No twisting. No lead fumbling. When it needs new points, it feeds new points i •—like a machine gnn! Compare /bat to your present pencil. t And—most amazing of all—see the new EVERSHARP Pen—with the **magic feed"—in action. Won’t drip. iWon’t flood. Won’t stain your fingers. Sfady seconds tell the story. Stop in eo^y! •. t All Eversharp Repeating l^^s and Evershatp Pens at $S.OO or more—ate GUARANTEED FOREVER!
One Point Determines Winner; Papenguth Acts As Final Judge Beta Theta Pi swam to victory yesterday over Kappa Sigma to win the annual Inter-fratemity swimming meet with a score of 2|6 to 25. This is the second year in a row that Kappa Sigma has placed second. Last year it was to Pi Kappa Alpha. The meet swung into action with the medley relay which was taken by the Betas. Phi Kappa Sigma took the next event which was the 100 yard back stroke with
Boxers Called For Important Meeting
Today at 4 p. m. the Purdue Boxing club will hold an important meeting for novice and experienced boxers. The meeting will take place in the Fieldhouse boxing quarters. In past years boxing has been increasing in popularity on the campus. Every year a strong, wellcoached squad is entered - in the Golden Gloves tournament, and some Riveters have been very successful in the past. Gollegiate boxing today is a credit to the sport that is rapidly losing public faith because of monopolies and shady decisions. Boxing trains the body and the mind and clean livifig such as results from this training has a lasting effect upon a college youth. With proper student support given to the club. Boilermaker squads may be entered in intercollegiate competition. e.m.l.
War I, and Lon was put in charge of the telephone department of the army, navy and Red Cross in Washington. Following the war, Lon went to Penn State College and from there to Purdue to succeed his brother, who joined the Kentucky university staff that season and is still there. —I-I-Lon can recall seeing Pat O’Dea, of Wisconsin, drop-kick two 66-yard field goals and the revered Walter Echershal, of Chicago U. fame, place kick from any angle and hit ’em. He can recall when there were only broken bones and charley horses—^now there are only sprains and pulled tendons. Everything is scientific now!
City Meat and Poultry
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372
”WELL, tan my HIDE!”
sqid Mr. Shark
HI thanks to Mr, Sharkfor his generous eontrihuHon to Winthrop*s latest style triumph. Come in and see the new Winthrop Sharkskin Shoes with Permq^x Construction today, Th^re the sensaHon of the season!
As seen in Esqwire
KINNEY'S West Side of Sqmate
Dilley as the individual winner. Following is the order of events with the winning fraternity and the individual winner: 100 yard breast stroke. Beta Sigma Psi, Beaurline; 100 yard free style. Phi Kappa Sigma, Dilley; 200 yard relay, Kappa Sigma; and the 220 yard free style. Phi Kappa Sigma, with Dilley as
individual winner.
Although the Phi Kappa Sigmas placed only thiid, Dilley was by all means the outstanding swimmer of the day, taking three events. Probably the most spectacular of any of the events of the swimming meet was the fancy diving. ’The individual winners of this event were; Forbes, with a score of 41.6; Benna, second with a total of 36 points; Nestyl, third, 28 points; Wolf took fourth place with a total of 26.6; and Clinin placed fifth with a total®
of 24 points, w.h.h.
IN Schedules BASKETBALL—TODAY Court I—H. Schwartz 7:00 Theta Tau vs. Phi Sigma Kspx>a. 7:15 Sigma Nu vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 8:00 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Theta XI 8:16 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Court 2—Shl^stein 7:00 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Delta Chi. 7.15 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigrma Phi F^ilon. 8:00 Tau Kappa Kpsilon vs. Pi K^;^ Alpha. 8:15 Phi Kappa vs. Delta Tan Delta. Court 3—Jim Shaw 7:00 Theta Chi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 7:15 Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Delta Upsilon. 8:00 Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Acacia. 8:16 Phi Delta Theta vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Court 4—W. B. Madams 7:00 Sigma Chi vs. Kappa Sigma. 7 -15 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Beta TEeta PL 8.00 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Hli Kappa Tan. 8 *15 Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Pi. SQUASH—TODAY Court 1 7.00 Theta Tau vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 8:00 Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Tau (hnega. 9:00 Triangle vs. Tau Kapi>a Epsilon. Court 2 7:00 Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Fi. 8:00 Delta Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 9:00 Alpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Court 3 7:00 Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 8:00 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha Kapim lambda. 9*00 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Phi Epsilonfidpi ^-OtoiaeA
Thuisday* December 5« 1940
fiwutuiL ^xpomnL
{Continued from page 1> British Lx>sses Mount
ers, but it is believed that the United States will not consider releasing more than 26, at the maximum. The American position is definitely puzzling to people here. Originally they understood the American desire to remain out of war. During recent months, however, the United States appears to have committed itself to British victory on the grounds that it is the only way to guarantee American security. If this is true, the British say, it should be in America’s interest to throw in everything it can make available on the British side. There are limits beyond which British statesmen cannot go in describing their needs to the United States. Every declaration of need is given the widest publicity throughout Europe and the Middle East by Joseph Goebbels, Germany’s propaganda minister,' and tends to shake the confidence of Britain’s actual and potential allies in the British ability to wm the war. The British are asking when the United States will see the neccessity for returning to the accepted tsTpe of neutrality with its right to freedom of the seas. And they are inclined to answer themselves that such a step probably would not be taken unless the United States had decided that its entry into the war was inevitable. Phi Kappa Sigma . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of A. L. Culbertson, Pittsburgh, Pa.; C. B. Wolfe, Fremont, Ohio; J. E. Bosse, Evansville; Rogers R. Schutt, Indiana^iolis; J. R. King, River Forest, IlL; L. R. McEachem, Wellsville, N. Y.; and W. K. Mclnerney, Grand Rapids, Mich.
6. A. Young .. . head of the school of mechanical engineering and chairman of the committee on athletic affairs for the University, will leave today for Chicago where he will represent the University at the Western Conference athletic committee meeting.
Personnel Notes Company: The Hoover Company, North Canton, Ohio. Company’s Products: Vacuum Cleaners. Representative: C. G. Troxler. Date of Visit: December 12 and 13, 1940. Will Interview: Senior EE, ME-^ January men only. Types of Positions: Product Engineering. Company: Aluminum Goods Manufacturing Company, Manitowoc, Wis. Company’s Products: “Mirro” Aluminum Ware, automotive, refrigerator and radio parts: Types of Positions: Production, sales engineering. Training Desired: Mechanical engineering—January men. Special Qualifications and Information: Printed material describing the products of this company may be seen at the personnel office. Those interested should fill out a personnel form which may be secured at the personnel office. This blank must be returned to the personnel office by 4 p. m. Wednesday, December 11. Printed data sheets may be used in place of this blank.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used,"for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ]. RISK 4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
CHRISTMAS CARDS Exclusive Lines SOUTHWORTH'S
• Bus Information
• Hardware
CHICAGO .$2.95 R.T. "GARY 2.95 R.T. MICHIGAN CITY .... 3.70 R. T. INDIANAPOLIS 2.10 R.T. YANKEE TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th Phone 4475
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Jewelers
R. C. EiSENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Zouaves To Present Drill Demonstration At 11:25 Purdue Order of Zouaves, crack drill team of the Reserve Officdrs Training Corps, will present a demonstration drill in the Armory at 11:25 a. m. today. Visitors are welcome and may view the ^rill from the balcony. Zouaves are composed of Volunteers from the cadet corps and have been drilling three nights weekly since early in the school year. The captain and drill-master of the unit is Cadet Colohel B. W. Gibson. (Continued from page 1) Debate Opens discuss the topic “Shall the Power of the Federal Government Be Increased?” Purdue-Michigan Debate Tomorrow afternoon they will hear Purdue and the University of Michigan debate the question: “Resolved, that the power of the Federal’ government should be increased.” Following this debate. Professor E. C. Buehler of the University of Kansas, will discuss the critique of the debate. Tomorrow evening, students from both groups will attend a preview of the next Playshop production, “What a Life.” o.l.a.
For Sale: Used car in good running con'dition. Has heater, well treaded tires, and new battery. Privately owned. $67. Phone 76793.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
A LoRRAIN€-
Designed with all "the femininity of this glamorous period •— full flare gored skirt edged with myriads of graceful scallops. Beautiful satin banded Lorraine Trique Stripe fabric noteworthy for its long wear. ' Colors: Tea Rose, Blue end Maroon.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
OUR CLEANING PROCESS
LIFE
RESTORES
TO FABRICS
Dresses Keep Smart Lines and Freshness Much Longer
JTliil/ CLEAN Cits OF FINE CLOTHE
Camera Club Will Hear Christmas Card Lecture Camera club will present an illustrated lecture on making Christmas cards by photography tonight at 7:30 in room 304 of the Union. This lecture and series of slides, prepared by the Eastman Kodak company, is the second of its type to be presented to the club, v.m.b.
Kappa Delta Pi Fall Initiates: Fill in permanent record cards in Prof. McFar*land’s office in Education b«iWirf«- „ , —SIMPSON.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Thursday, December 6 at 7:80 P- n^
ElementaiT Structures 22: Examination for the removal of C or I grades will be given December 14 from 1-4 p. m* in tne Civil Building, room 801. Please contact me at once. —SONESON.
CE 61: A condition test for the removal of “C” grades in Highway Construction CE 61 will be given at 1 p. m. Saturday, December 14, in room 206 of Civil Building. —PETTY. ,
GE 36: Examination for removal of C or I grades December 14. Make arrangements in room 109 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, December 18. —OWEN. J
Union Women's Bowling Tournament: Due to late entries, the tournament has been postponed until Tuesday, December 10. Girls wishing WAA points must bowl three games before that date. _ -STUCKEY.
Notices
All Sophomores; Men' who have not received literature concerning the advanced military course should obtain it from Lt. Col. White, Lt. McMaken, or Lt. Johnson in the Instructors Room at the Armory. —TORMEY.
ASCE: Meeting at 7:80 Wednesday, December 4, in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. Professor Rutledge will speak and show movies concerning soil of the camera club committee Tuesday, Dec. 8, at 4:16 p. m. The following sophomores are expected to report: Carley, Clark, Craig, Decker, Fisher, Graham, Jones, Kemper, King, Lupton, and Robinson, This committee was formerly Hepburn’s. —^TAFEL.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal schedule for next two weeks is as follows: Monday, December 2, 7:80 p. m. in room 807, Union. Wednesday, December 4, 7:30, room 807. Saturday, December 7, 2:00 p. m.. in Union, Tower. Monday, December 9, '7:80 p. m., room 307, Union. Wednesday, December 11, 7:30 p. m. in room 807. Saturday, December 14, 2 :00 p. m. in 307. It is extremely important that everybody attend. —SMULEVITZ.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, December 6, at 7:16 in room 808 of the Union. All members please be present. —WEGENER.
Newman Club: Communion at 9:30 Mass and breakfast afterwards, Sunday, December 8. Not December 1, as previously announced. Debris pictures will be taken at breakfast. All members please be present. —LUERS.
WaA Fencing: All fencers out for practice Friday, December 6, and Tuesday, December 10. Tournament matches will begin Friday, December 18, at 4 p. m. in Women’s gym. —McFarland. Sigma Delta Chi Actives and Pledges: Get your Brawl tickets Wednesday or Thursday, December 4-6, at Exponent office between 5 and 6 p. m. See Heiple or me. —MARQUIS.
Christian Science Organization: Regular weekly meeting Thursday, December 6, in room 802 of Union. —BURROUGHS.
^lAJeeLend . . .
She is always thrilled when she receives the corsage that fits her personality and charm. Inform us as to the color of the dress she is wearing, the flowers you desire, and our experienced designers will do the rest.
(^IcUlkjL J>Jl&VCtL ShofL
Phone 8451
527 Main Street
COMPLETE WITH BULB
.The lES tag it carries is proof that it's easy on the eyes —it certifies that this study lamp has been approved by the Illuminating Engineering Society. It's just as easy to LOOK AT as to see with, too. Purdue's Black and Gold seal and letter are mounted on its fine parchment shade; an antique bronze standard harmonizes^ perfectly.
The quantity is limitedyour lamp now.
-Stop in at our store and ^et
PUBLIC SERVICE COmPflllV OF inDlPnfl
Newman Club: The monthly communion will take place Sunday, December 8. Bre^fast will be served after 9:80 mass. All members are requested to appear since pictures for DebHs will be taken. —BENNA, YWCA: Cabinet mating ^Thursday, December 6, at 4 p. m. in office. , —BRYANT.
AH Students: Two motion picture reels on posture will be shown Thursday, December 6 at 4 p. m. in room 129 of thh EE Building. All students are invited. —BAUM, Roger Williams Club: Basketball game with Purdu^ Christian Foundation Saturday, December K at 2 p. m. on court 1. -^BLACK. Camera Club: Meeting Thursday, December 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 804 of Union. Illustrated lecture from Eastman Kodak on makiifg Christmas cards will be presented. —GEPHART.
Aeromodelers: No meeting Friday, December 6. R.O.G. contest Sunday afternoon, December 8, in the Fieldhouse. Anyone interested in giving a 16 minute talk on model airplanes should get in touch with Obarski. —OBARSKI.
Indiana Student Health Association: The tenth annual meeting will be held December 14 at Indiana university in the Union Building. Luncheon reservations may be made before the 10th by calling Ruth C. Irvin, phone 3001. —IRVIN.
Purdue Christian Club: Basketball game with Roger Williams club Saturday, December 7. at 2 p. m. on court 1. —WHITE.
\
i
^(1
•iiOf.
*’4-
V
I
' 1
7* ’’1
•Y-M