T,^u j- =« ivvjf^Nfji^W -•a'i<->#*^«w-»^ ."r^'S.^^4
!. ^ ! t
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning Of/ By, and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY fonuary B, 1938 Lofayetfe, hxdiono VOL. 49 No. 83
Hazard, Miller, Petty To Inspect Brawl Costumes Cleaning up their annual dance, even to the extent of scientifically determining the amount, percentage, and quality of exposed epidermis, Sigma Delta Chi members last night announced a committee of faculty member would “inspect” Brawl-goers at the door of the Union ballroom on the night of January 14. Professor C. T. Hazard, of the mathematics department. Professor B. H. Petty, of the civil engineering school, and Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the student health service, form the group who will pass on the costume quantity. Promise Novel Decorations Promising decorations of a type never presented at a local campus dance, two dance bands, and a tabloid form Exposer, the campus journalists hope to make this year’s Boilermaker Brawl better than its predecessor—The Riveters’ Rassle. Tickets, printed in the form of a typical thug’s head, with patches, cauliflower ears, and other scars of battle, have already been put on sale. They may be obtained at the main Union desk, Deac’s, Southworth’s, and from members of Sigma Delta Chi. They are priced at $1.99% each. Union To Present Concert Sunday The first of the regular Union music room concerts for the new .year, will be presented by the Arthur Jordan Conservatory of Music, of Indianapolis, Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock. The conservatory is affiliated with Butler University. The program, in three units, will include: a vocal quartet, students of Glenn li^iermood, head of the voice department; and selections on two pianos Jiy Dorothy Munger and Tommie Wright, artist pupils of Harold Triggs who recenty appeared as soloist with the Indianapolis symphony orchestra. Robert Grant, pupil of Paulo Gruppe, will play cello solos in the third portion of the program. John L. Winks, EE '26, Dies After Operation John Leland Winks, EE ’26, died last Thursday in a Chicago hospital of gangrene following an intestinal operation. He earned his bachelors, masters, and doctors degrees while here and was captain of the fencing team. Winks has been employed by the G & W Electrical Co., of Chicago, since graduation and recently received a promotion which was to go into effect this month. He was 33 years of age and was born in Williamsport. In 1926 he married Miss Emily Whitebread, who with two children, his parents two brothers, and one sister, survive. Foundation To Give Bid Party Tomorrow Folk gaipes and dances, similar to those featured at the Scarecrow Dance earlier’ in the semester, will be included in the program of the Wesley Foundation men’s bid party tomorrow evening at 8 p. m. in the West Lafayette Methodist church. Bill McEachron will direct a special orchestra for the event, and High Deale will lead group singing of old melodies.
Exponent Board Today’s meeting is postponfed. Senior officers only will meet with the faculty advisors at 6 p. m. Friday, January 7. —Manion.
Co-eds Debate Michigan Tonight
Lochner, Thelen To~Uphold Affirmaiiye Side For Purdue At 7:30 In Home Economics Auditorium “Resolved: That the United States should adopt a policy of complete neutrality toward international conflicts.” This topic will be debated in an intercollegiate match between the University affirmative women’s team a(nd a co-ed team from the University of Michigan, tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the auditorium of the Home
Economics Building. •
Charlotte Lochner and Alberta Thelen make up the University team, while the Michigan team is composed of Betty Jane Mansfield
and Katherin Schultz. Winch To Give Critique
A short critique of the two teams’ technique will be given by L. S. Winch, director of forensics, immediately following the debate, but no decision will be made. Special ballots will be provided to enable the audience to express their opinion on the subject and the debating. Last month, the University negative team, composed of Charlotte Finney and Jean Pechin, spoke against an Indiana University team on the same proposition in a nondecision debate at Bloomington. Douglas Ehmnger, an instructor on the speech staff, is coaching the University teams. He is a new man on the speech staff, having come here this year from Northwestern
University.
Esfey Will Speak For Tau Beta Pi Initiation Dinner Prof. J. A. Estey, head of the University history, economics, and government department, will speak on “Engineers and Rhodes Scholars” at the initiation banquet of Tau Beta Pi, scholastic engineering honorary, this evening at 6 o’clock in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. J. W. Fredericks will welcome the new members and newly initiated W. H. Barry will give the response. Hugh Forster will be toastmaster. The following will be initiated at 5 o’clock this evening: W. H. Wood, H. F. Hill, R. Eichorn, W. S. Reveal, R. C. Woerner, W. P. Thoma, W. A. Allee, R. D. Best, J. W. Greiner, R. C. Kingsbury, R. F. Stevens, W. G. Lautz, C. Sarles, H. V. Grubb, M. D. Barrows, D. T. Lowery, J. G. Conway, C. G. Bigelow, C. D. Ehinger, R. L. Scott, R. N. Whiting, B. L. Everett, W. H. Barry, L. C. Schaefer, L. M. Finkelstein, V. E. Holmes, D. Duffey, and J. B. Pray. Senators Discuss NSFA Conventions A bird’s eye view of the recent NSFA convention at Albuquerque, N. M., and plans for a bigger and better 1938 conference here at Purdue were discussed yesterday afternoon at the Senate meeting. Cooperation has been promised from every department of the University. An effort, will be made to make the delegates to the 1938 Congress feel that they have gained something tangible when they return to their respective universities. H. R. Smalley To Head Soil Improvement Work H. R. Smalley, Ag ’ll, and chief agronomist of the National Fertilizer Association since 1920, was recently elected director of soil improvement work of that organiza tion. His office is in Washington,
D. C.
Smalley,_^^ native of Madison county, has been in agricultural work since his graduation. He also served for a time on the agronomy staff at the University and was the county agent in Steuben and Allen counties. He gave up his position at Port Wayne to join the fertilizer organization in Washington. Lafayette Musk Group To Give Formal Musical For the third meeting of the season, the Lafayette Music Society, has planned a formal musical to be held this evening in the Union music room at 8 o’clock, according to program committee chairman, Edith Mills. The program will consist of three groups of numbers to be rendered by Miss Edna Bowles, contralto and cellist, and Edward Shadbolt, pian-
ist.
Registration Helpers Students who wish to work for the Registrar at the second semester registration, February 1 and 2, will please call at the Registrar’s office and fill out an application blank sometime this week. Those with preious experience at registration, or at other clerical work are preferred. R. B. Stone, Registrar.
Chinese Students Speak At Rotary Two Chinese students in the University, Shih-Tai Tung and I. G. Yang, assisted by Florence Senour, junior co-ed, explained and demonstrated Chinese writing and musical instrument before the Rotary Club at this week’s meeting in the Central YMCA. Shih-Tai Tung told the group that in his native country, writing and painting are sister arts. He demonstrated the formation of characters and exhibited pens and brushes used in drawing them. I. G. Yang, besides showing the use of a Chinese calculator, played and explained the Chinese “tap piano.” Hoffmark, C.E. '06, Dies At Home In Nebraska Richard F. Hoffmark, CE ’06, general manager of the Wood Bros. Construction Company of Lincoln, Neb., died there November 29 at the age of 64. Hoffmark was formerly vice-president of the A. Guthrie Construction Co. of Portland, and while connected with that concern he supervised the construction of the Cascade Tunnel. After his graduation in 1906, Hoffmark worked on the Panama Canal. He joined the Guthrie Company in 1913 and remained with the firm until 1932.
Reynolds Will Play For Mixer Saturday
Brad Reynolds and his “Whispering Rhythms” orchestra will play for the regular weekly mixer Saturday from 9 until midnight in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Presenting what they term a “new world of music,” the orchestra will feature Gay Slorme and several singing and dancing specialties. The usual admission price of one dollar will be charged. ' McCartney To Play For First Annual Foresters' Dance Joe McCartney and his orchestra from DePauw University, will play tomorrow night for the first annual Foi’esters’ Ball. Members of Xi Sigma Pi and the Forestry Club announced they would use cedars in decorating the Union ballroom and bandstand. Tentative arrangements call for adagio and tap routines to comprise a floor show. The student loan fund will receive all proceeds over and above the cost of the dance. Tickets, priced at one dollar ,are available at the Union desk or from members of Xi Sigma Pi and the Forestry Club. Du Pont Man Will Speak For AlChE Cheplin Tyler, of the DuPont Company, will speak on “Production of Ammonia” before the AIChE bn Monday night at 7:30, in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. The lecture will be accompanied by slides. AIChE officials state that this lecture should be of particular interest to all chemical engineers, but that everyone is invited to attend the meeting. Chi Omega Ties WRH North A tie score of 32-all was the result of a volleyball game played between Chi Omega and Women’s Residence Hall north yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Ward 2 also played Ann Tweedale and won by a score of 35 to 21. Kappa Alpha Theta played Wards 2 and 3 at 4:30 winning by a score of 38-13. At the same time a game was played by WRH south and Kappa Kappa Gamma, the score ending 37-17 in favor of the Residence Hall team.
Don Muller^ Campus Toe Artistf To Abandon Ship
By Doirothea Justin “I didn’t know how fond I was of this place till I decided to leave it,” said Don Muller, junior in science, as he "glanced around the Sweet Shop. “I decided to go to North Carolina since I’ve be^n so dissatisfied here, so now I go about sadly but happily looking things over.” Muller is planning to take dramatics next semester at North Carolina, one of the nation’s five co-educational universities to offer a degree in dramatics. Others are Yale, Harvard, Bennington, and California. Tired of Onq-Sidedness “Pm tired of the one-sidedness of Purdue,” groaned the campus’ renowned tap dancer. “Here we are loaded down with studies, and the social side is almost nil. The longer I stay hei*e the poorer manners I get. I’m beginning to walk with clumping strides and I’m being tempted to eat with my knife, after two and a half years here.” “People are afraid to speak to
others on the campus, unless they know them well enough to borrow money from them. Perhaps it is because they’re so tired.” Don stopped looking pained and earnest and laughed. New Attitude Toward Girls “At North Carolina, I hope to grow out of the peculiar Purdue attitude toward girls. Here, the date’s the thing. There’s very little of being friends or truly getting acquainted. “After six dates with one girl here, everyone thinks they’re going steady and will soon be prancing toward the altar.” North Carolina has dateless dances, forums, informal afternoon teas and dances, and tries to foster companionship and social polish, explained Muller. He expects to miss Purdue, and will write next semester of differences and improvements at North Carolina. “I’ll probably wind up back here, though,” smiled Don.
Frosh May Petition For Senate Berths Monday Freshmen desiring to run for positions in the Student Senate may secure petitions to declare their candidacy from the Student Senate office any time after 4 p. m. Monday, Senate Elections Committee Chairman Elliott announced last night. In order to be eligible for election, freshmen must have an average of at least 3.5 and their petitions, bearing 35 signatures, must be turned in before Monday, January 17. A charge of $1.00 each is made for each
Horn Announces Postponement Of Hanley Speeches Co-sponsored by the engineering and professional honoraries on the campus, the junior Hanley speech contest, scheduled fop this week, has been postponed until the second week in February. Postponement is due to the pressure of final examinations, term papers ,etc., according to R. M. Horn, of the speech department, who is in charge of the contest. At the meeting of the honoiary societies yesterday afternoon it was also decided to hold the senior contest at an even later date. Started Years Ago The annual Hanley Speech Contests were begun several years ago by the donation of $100 by W. E. Hanley, ME ’ll, now general manager of the Ely Lilly Company, of Indianapolis. This money is used for prizes awarded winners of the annual engineers’ speaking contest, the theme of the speeches being on some phase of current economics. Two Contests Held To date, there have been two freshmen and one sophomore Hanley contests. The prize to be given the winner of this year’s junior class contest is an engineer’s handbook seelcted by Dean A. A. Potter. The final contest is scheduled for the third of March, when the winner and runner-up from each class will be given an opportunity to compete for the grand prize of $50, with a second prize of $20. Prof. Degering Writes Article For 'Register' Prof E. F. Degering of the chemistry department has recently written an article entitled “Chemical Footprints” for the January issue of the “Register” of Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary chemical society. The “Footprints” deals with the new chemical processes and discoveries that have been made during the past year, including a new type of color film; the production of Canadian mined radium; the development of an airtight, oilproof, waterproof paper; synthetic production of rubber in Czechoslovakia; and many other important processes. Mexican Pottery, Arl Exhibit Displayed Colorful Mexican pottery, collected by B. F. Betts, of the Purdue Housing Project, during a trip through Mexico, is now on display in Building 2. A collection of original etchings, water colors, wood blocks, pastels, engravings, lithographs, and pencil drawings by men who are prominent in commercial art, is included in the exhibit. Both displays, loaned to the applied desigp department by B. F. Betts, will be open to students and townspeople through January. Prof. J. H. McKee Still Confined To His Home Prof. J. H. McKee, of the University English department, still confined to his home, is recovering from a recent auto accident. Regarding his condition, he says, “I am told that, although I am still chiefly abed, I shall be successfully navigating when the new semester begins.”
petition. If scholastic indexes are high enough and other requirements are met, the names of all securing petitions will appear on the ballots for voting at registration. A voting booth will be erected at the south Armory enti-ance and passports will be required for voting. Representatives to the senate will be chosen from each school. Present Senate members are making a conscientious effort to get out a record freshman vote this year. Already representatives are appearing before various freshmen groups and are explaining the purpose and activities of the Senate. Two WLS Programs To Originate Here Two special “Dinner Bell” radio broadcasts over WLS will come from the University campus next week during the annual Agricultural Conference. John C. Baker, Ag ’30, formerly of the publicity staff of the University and now with WLS, will interview agricultural conference speakers and others attending. The broadcasts will originate in the music room of the Union Building and local arrangements for the two programs, each from 12 to 12:30, are now being made by T. R. Johnston, director of publicity for the University. Mirkin Ciiosen PSA Chiirman Meyer Mirkin, senior EE, was elected chairman of PSA for the coming semester at a meeting in the Memorial Union Building last night. Other officers chosen are: James 0. Davis, sophomore ChE, vicechairman; Alex Shevchick, sophomore science, secretary treasurer; Bob Buckles, junior EE, program chairman; and Bill Dunshee, sophomore ME, publicity man. In their meeting. Alliance members decided ta present the bound volume of Advocate, awarded them at the national convention, to the University library. Co-eds Arrange Mixed Athletics As part of the mixed recreation program tomorrow night from 7:30 to 9 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium, kick-et, a new game from Earlham College, will be introduced to the campus. Sponsored by Sportswomen, athletic honorary, the recreation night is open to men and women students alike. Those attending may play volley-ball, badminton, ping-pong, shuffleboard, and deck tennis. Coeds may bring dates or come unescorted and meet men who come without dates. Miss Velronica F. Brady, of,the women’s athletic department, who is in charge of the program, requests that those who wish to participate actively wear rubber soled shoes.
The Weathe^
Forecast for the State: Increasing cloudiness and some colder Thursday. Friday, colder and fair. Lo^l Temperatures: 10:80 p- mTuesday to 10:30 p. m, Wednesday, High, 45; low, 24; Mean, 84.6.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, January 6, 1936
the Purdue Exponent
Work Or Rest,...
a t\^o-da^ lecess fiom school work immediatelv piecedinc final examinations has possibilities of pio\iiig a boon to the Universlt^ educational stem as well as to a number of haid-piessed undei graduates Present schedule calls foi attendance m classes up to and including iucsda^ afteinoon, January 18 Half a da's latei the peiiod of reckoning begins Most students ha\e lealized by now, of couise, that meie coasting along scholasticalh must come to an end if semester’s record IS to come thiough unblemished Try as they mac, hoccecei, not a few students will walk into the final examination loom without having organized the subject material sufficiently vs ell to gu e them a compiehensive view of the couise to permit them to do lustice to the examination A pre-exam lecess of two oi three days vould piovide an oppoitumty to organize classroom notes and to accomplish a thorough methodical leviev Any student who ha^ worked haid thioughout the semester can use the time for relaxation Whether the student studies or relaxes, the lecess serves its purpose m fitting him for finals Rest befoie exams is frequently as valuable as ciamming
It’s a raie thiill that comes to a senior as he writes “1938” foi the first time and the realization slowlv dawns that this is the year he has been waiting for that the “’38” which has been attached to his name for the past thiee and a half years finally means something definite
MEMBER
Bluest
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 8 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oct 3 1917 authomsed Jan 20 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscriptions $3 per year, by mail $3 60
REPRESENTCD FOR NAT ONAL ADVERTISING BY National AdvertisEtigService, Inc. College Publtshets Representattve 420 Madison Ave New York N Y Chicago Boston Los angfles San Francisco
MAIN OFFICE
312 N Fifth St Lafayette Indiana
Business Phone 5038
Editorial Phone 5037
UNION OFFICE Room E Memorial Union Building West Lafayette Ind Phone 4005 ask for Exponent Office
Editor In Chief
Business Manager
R P Manion
D C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF
Managing Editor J E Brock Associate Editors D A Bailey L S Hardin C D Schroeder H I Stanback D R Vance Editor s Secretary Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager National Advertising Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager
J P Girard W J Gilhlan R R Hensler M C Reeves
Editor Associate Editors
CO ED STAFF Mary Cooley
Elizabeth Pyke Dorothea Justin Sally McKee
Editor Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF R F Obenchain J S Brown R L McDonald B D Witwer
This newspaper is written edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opin ions in it unless otherwise accredited are student opinions and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi tor in chief
Night Editor—Hardin
Issue Editor—Keck
Thursday January 6 1938
During a heated discussion on boycotting Japanese goods at the American Student Union conference at Vassar last week, a number of women students rolled off their silk stock-
ings and threw them on a bonfire, while the men followed suit with their silk neckties That’s a novel way of getting rid of some of those horrible Christpas ties.
Letters to the Editor
On Activities Charts
Deal Editoi In answer to the lettei published befoie Christmas vacation concern mg the activities chaits not ha'ving been distiifmted I should like to explain why some of the students have not lereued then copies 1 I should like to say that over foitj five bundled (4500) students have alieady received then activities chait 2 Due to the inclement weather pieceding Christmas vacation stu dents were not available to distrib ute these chaits 3 There was a shortage of ap piCMinatelv 300 copies 4 There was a notice in the Exponent explaining that students Irvin Lafayette or outside the West Lafayette city limits would have to get then chaits from the Union office I hope th’s will explain the situa tion cleailv Leon A. Jacobson, \ ice President, Student Union
Remmers Will Talk Di H H Remmers of the divis ion of education and applied psy chology will lecture tomorrow, at the Oak Paik Junior College, Oak Paik 111 on “Expel iments on the Learning and Foi getting of Atti tudes
By Sally McKee “When I’m given potato m the skin at a dinner, may I eat the skin IS a question which your edi tor has seen asked in not less than four newspaper question and ans wer columns A “yes” is always the answer Potato skins are eatable and are eaten, therefore it is perfectly correct etiquette to eat them at the most formal affair They should usually be cut with the knife They are a bit more than the edge of a foik can overcome This can be done as gracefully and unobtrusively as one can cut a beefsteak, and no one would ever not eat steak just because he was dining in a formal banquet hall
Betty Co ed has rhythm, but Joe College has almost twice as much Tests given at Miami University showed that while the women’s scoie was a bare 39—oi 11 points below an aveiage struck on the basis of 10,000 similar studies over the United States—men students le eived a rating of 67
A survey of the students of the University of California shows that they spend $1,000 000 annually
HOW TO STUDY FOR FINALS
At this season of the year what minds there are on the campus are gently but surely turning in the di lection of studying for finals How this feat of William power is accomplished no one seems to know but here are a few suggestions on how to get by when the Piofs are yelling “They shall not pass ”
First step in the long process is gettiRg in the moOd to study This can be accomplished only by imbibing
Censorship forbids us from mentioning what to imbibe but lumor h^as it that a quick way to get thiu with it all IS to take strych nine
Staft by straightening up your desk When you come across that copy of “Spicy Stories” don’t fail to sit down and read it thru from coier to cover
Finish straightening youi desk then stait a search foi a dust lag to dust the dirt away
Then dust If you don’t do it now you’ll have to come back to it for you know about how we’ll “all return to dust ”
Then go into youi fiiend’s loom to hunt down that soft pan of house slippers
Go to another room and get your robe back from the guy who borrowed it two months ago
Diess m pajamas lobe and slip pels and start wondering about what time it is
Dress m street clothes and wander down to the village to learn the time
Look foi a postei adveitising a good movie so you’ll have an excuse to go over in town to see a show
Go to the show (This’ll help you
mmA
TODAY — FRI. — SAT. 2 First Run Hits!
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERl ISERS
ARC
TODAY FRI. — SAT.
—und-
SMU
SOHSTANCE WORTHi ^'WIILTAM HALI —also— “Ditk Tracy” Serial —plus ‘Silly Symphony” Cartoon
TODAY — FRI. — SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
WiTH^
PLUS Brande criminal by the law. Their crime' was loving’
iFdh MARIAN MARSIj.5 GORDON OLIVER
EveOinS Ihe **' Glet o* exe*'newes’
JSS"
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Copr 1918 br UnUtd Feature Syndicate, Inc
T’m taking a tip from my big sister and saving all of '•Johnnie’s letters.”
‘show” the prof).
Return from show and raid the icebox If there’s no icebox raid the refrigerator, window box, or what have you
Open book Look for oil to grease its creaking cover Upon failure to find grease or a suitable substitute, get disgusted
This can be done by dialing your own numbei and being exaspei ated at always getting the busy signal It’s easy to go from ex asperated to disgusted
When you find yourself properly
disgusted go to bed and dream of murdering the man '(vho invented finals This helps to put you in a fighting frame of mind
Get up the next morning and go murdei the final
This system is copyrighted and guarantees getting you a grade in the course but not what kind
DePauw University’s 750 men students foot most of the “date” bills, but despite those expensive items, spend less in a year than the 450 co-eds
'WANTEBs THE LOAN OF A CASTLE!'
"Urgently needed for romantic wedding Will return in good condition " Double trouble and triple laughs when Frank Morgan sets out to give Cupid a helping hand' V
BEG BORROW OR STEAL
— EXTRA — Ken Murray Oswald
in
“Wedding Yells” Cartoon in (l&lor “Clean Pastures”
TODAY
lOHN FLORENCE BEAL • RICE
MABS
J^URAL telephone wire—not in cables—can now
go underground where had weather and grass
fires can’t harm it.
To make this possible, an entirely new kind of wire had to be developed. Special insulating compounds, special splicing methods were devised. Then a simple, economical method of burial had to be found. A special plow siilved this problem— one that digs a furrow and tucks away the wire in
a single operation.
Just one more step in the process of making Bell System service constantly more dependable.
Why not telephone home tonight? Rates to moat points are lowest any time after 7 P. M. and all day Sunday.
KELL TELEi'HONE SYSTEMI J,
mm
r \ A
Thursday, January 6, 1938
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Ninety Track Aspirants
Report At First Meeting
Ninety Boilermaker track aspirants answered Coach Phillips’ call in the Fieldhouse yesterday for an initial meeting and a light workout. Every Wednesday the squad will have a similar meeting and the coach will answer questions and
help clear up difficulties.
After encouraging the boys to be ambitious and enthusiastic in practice, the coach went over the schedule of intercollegiate meets and outlined his plans for the coming practices. To develop a spirit of cooperation, the entire squad, including 25 freshmen, will be divided into several groups of relay teams. By holding races of this type the men will be working for their respective teams, and the laces will not be individualistic. Intel squad relay meets will be held bi-weekly. Phillips stated that he will not
SLadsAt. Victor Release
25731
SWEET AS A SONG—F. T. I COULD USE A DREAMF. T.
Guy Lombardo and His Royal Canadians
• 25732
TAKE A TIP FROM THE TULIP—F. T. SPEAK YOUR HEART—F. T. Hal Kemp and Orchestra
25733
A LITTLE WHITEHOUSE— F. T. I’M THE ONE WHO LOVES YOU—F. T. Johnny Dorsey and Orchestra
25734
SNAKE CHARMER—F. T. Larry Clinton and Oichestia TOY TRUMPET — NOVELTY—F. T. Jack Hams and Oichestia
McLean Music
Co. MAIN ST LAFAYETTE
place any penalties on infi actions of training rules, but reminded the men that there are no limits to the track records. He further stated that anyone who breaks the rules will only be huiting himself and will be hindering his progress in
track.
After stressing to the varsity that they must be completely relaxed and develop ihythm m their practices, Phillips sent them into the cage for their first workout of the year. He then turned his attention to the freshmen. Every freshman was given a card on which to record his high school experience. Any freshmen who are interested in track and were not out for this first meeting are urged to report as soon as possible this week so that they will be included in the relay races.
WB A A Programs
11:00—Morning Melodies. 11:15—PTA Council. 11:30—Parade of Melody. 11- 50—Purdue News Flashes. 12 00—Noon Melodies. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12- 30—Scientific News Review. 12:45—Edith Hines, popular songs. 1 00—Melody Time. 1-15—Better Expression, by Richard Crowder. 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1- 45—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Geography in the News. 2- 15—Piano Harmonies. 2:30—Parents Forum. 2- 45—Treasure Chest, with Robert Horn. 3 00—Community Chest Program. 3 15—Marvin Smith, tenor. 3:30—Musical Review. 3- 45—Interesting People in the News. 4:00—Story Book Hour. 4 15—Noel Lee, pianist. 4 30—You and Your Radio. 4 45—^Twilight Melodies.
LtieiEH LELONO'S
BltSIIHG MWBEK
AT oJliIy $J50
Seems to "float" on the skin::: so Lucien Lelong fittingly enough puts it in a cork-trimmed boxi
» ‘‘Um-m-m’ you’ll say when you see the boxond ‘Um-m-m’ when you feel the Dusting Powder on your skin. Both ore Lucien Lelong at his inimitable best (Who else ever thought of a corkIrimmed box?) 200 grammes of gracious powder. delicately fragronced Really, you must have itl
518-520 Main St.
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
fielder’s choice
Sophomore
There are several net squads over the country which are making quite a name for themselves as giant killers . . . Temple is just about the hardest team to defeat on its own floor in the country . . . And it isn’t so much the quality of the players as it is the condition of the floor . . . About high school sire . . . This is the reason that Ward Lambert won’t schedule them any more. —^fc— This yeai the surpiise package IS Geoige Washington . . A bettei than average team and a flooi, unless they have built a new one recently, IS almost as pooi as any high school gym in the state . . It reminds us of the West Side Library in appearanije . . . Anyway they leally put the hooks to Ohio State to the tune of 48 to 36 . . . And then went on to smash Steve Snider’s (United Press spoits correspondent) favorite in the Big Ten race— Minnesota, 35 to 27, in Washington. —^fc— And Snider’s other favorite—Illinois—took it on the chin from Indiana (second division prospect in the Snider resume), 51 to 46, Tuesday night . . . Two other Big Ten “second division” squads opened the conference season Monday when the Northwestern Wildcats clawed Wisconsin, 47 to 38 . . . And this same night “first division” Michigan dropped a game to Butler, 38 to 35. —fc— Although not conceded in the same class as Minnesota and Illinois, Puidue was rated in the uppei division in the race and so far IS about the only team which Steve lated in this class which has been on the ball . . We sure do bet that this one Sports Editor is having some embarrassing moments as these reports come through . Anyway we sorta feel that being rated about thud in the conference rgce doesn’t cause very much loss of sleep in the Lambert household
Movie Of Yearns Best Grid Plays Now Available
Only sophomore on the Boilermaker starting lineup, Beretta is one of the best defensive men ever to wear the Gold and Black colors. So far this season Beretta has divided the guard assignments with Malaska and Dickinson. Before coming to Purdue, Beretta starred in football, basketball, and track for the “Stonecutters” of Bedford.
Fencers To Meet
Veteran llli
Squad Saturday
Memorable moments of last season’s most important football contests can be le-lived by armchan quaiterbacks all winter. A professional newsreel company has recently put a movie on the market entitled “Football,” in whidh the outstanding plays of the season’s majoi contests are presented. One of the nine games included is the Purdue-Noithwestern tilt. Eugene Castle, former newsreel man and pioducer of business films, IS the originator and editor of the home movies, which are offered both in 16mm and 8mm sizes. Castle was one of the first to take home movies out of the toy stage, editing newsieels and novelty pictures for home consumption exclusively. The nine games included in the grid leview are Fordham-Pitt, Ne-braska-Minnesota, NorthwiesternPurdue, Washmgton-USC, YaleArmy, Notre Dame-Northwestern, Yale-Harvard, Penn-Cornell, and Army-Navy.
Purdue’s fencing squad, after having gained a great deal of expeiience in its vacation campaign in the East, will journey to Champaign, 111., this Satuiday to meet the Illim in the Big Ten fencing season openei. Headed by co-captains McWilliams and Seaboig, the squad will be made up of the same gioup that made the recent trip to the eastern colleges Several Big Ten meets are on this season’s schedule for the Boilermakeis A week from Saturday the squad will meet Notre Dame in the only non-conference meet now scheduled for the lemaindei of the season. Following the Irish matches the squad will cioss steel weapons with Ohio State early next semester, and later in Febiuaiy they will meet Wisconsin and Northwestern in a thiee-way encounter in Chicago Coach Finney when asked to comment no the not-too-impressive showing made by the squad during vacation, stated that the Eastern teams offered veiy stiong opposition. The closeness of the matches and number of them won by the Boilermakers was very satisfactory to him.
Riflery All men interested in riflery, either instruction or practice, please attend meeting this Friday at 4:30 o’clock in room 104 in the Fieldhouse. —CLEVETT.
can a
id
i(A/ai^6
aepena on WEST SIDE CLEANING
SURt ^S ^
^Ueir m®" Side
./ w - - . vfe ge* fectW a"® . . Ho spots .
point P»®9’^®*^*o;oinpt u *tl
.no odors l«s .* no accessories • * *“rfee»boloan9a«n'®“**-^
dIALWSI
for
Chicago Squad Depends On Sophomore
Reserves To Defeat Purdue Saturday
Showing signs of life this season for the first time in the last few years, a rejuvenated Chicago quintet will oppose the Boilermaker five when they open their Big Ten hardwood campaign in the Windy City Saturday. The Maroons have been a come-back team, winning most of their pre-conference contests with last minutd rallies.
Losing Fitzgerald because of hi« giidiron injuries, the Noigrencoached crew faced another disastrous season. However, sophomores stepped forward and filled the shoes of the injured regular. In the Marquette fracas, the Maroon sophomores showed their ability as they hit the loop for 10 points in the last 90 seconds to pull the contest out of the fire. Forwards At forward the Chicago five has John Eggemyer and “Moon” Mullins, two big boys who like to tip ’em around the backboard. In the pivot position the Maroons have a veteran Paul Amundsen. This big Norseman is one of the steadiest ball players both offensively and
Intramurals
BASKETBALL
—Today— Court 1—Aronson 7:00—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 7:15—Ward 8 vs. Ward 17X. 8:26—Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Chi. 8:40—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Court 2—Juillard 7:00—Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 7:16—Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sigma Nu. 8:25—Acacia vs. Theta Tau. 8:40—Delta Tau Delta vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Court 8—Mangas 7.00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 7:16—Delta Upsilon vs. Triangle. 8:26—Delta Chi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 8:40—^Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi.
Today Bible Class: 7 p m., room C, Union. Kappa Delta Pi Meeting: 7 p. m. in room A, Union. Adult Education Meeting: 7 30 p. m. in faculty lounge. Union. Western Conference Debate: 7-30 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall.
defensively on the Chicago squad. The Chicago lads have a taller center than Amundsen in Richard Lounsbury, a newcomer to the net squad Dick is a bit “green” in hardwood wars but has improved with every game, having replaced Amundsen many times during the season Guards Fight For Posts At guards the Marplons have Captain Kendall Peterson, and Moms Rossm. In Captain Kendall they have an excellent ball handler and passer combined with a remarkably good defensive man. Kendall is a vet of two years’ competition. Two new men are fighting it out for thd other guard position, as Peterson and Rossm have almost equally divided the action of this position this season.
Victor Release
BENNY GOODMAN’S WEEK
• 25727
THANKS FOR THE MEMORY
IT’S WONDERFUL • 25720
MAMMA, THAT MOON IS HERE AGAIN '
YOU TOOK THE WORDS RIGHT OUT OF MY HEART
• 25726
LIFE GOES TO A PARTY IF DREAMS COME TRUE
• 25725
WHERE OR WHEN I’M A DING DONG DADDY
McLean Music
Co. MAIN ST. UV^PAYETTE
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Je-welry at Moderate Prices
IMPORTED ENGLISH TWEEDS
These are the newest slacks we have been able to find on the market. They’re beautiful too.
ig.OO
Others priced 13.95 to «7-50
500 MAIN ST. ^ CLOTHES SHOP INC.
' />
«a4
A Htj 1 ^
A/I
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST—Pi Kappa Phi jeweled pin beaiing name R. B. Reed. Call 3904. Reward.
FOR SALE — Packard LektroShaver. Piactically brand new. At piice of ?10.00. Call Ruppert at 5021.
LOST—Blue cardboaid looseleaf notebook dontaining government notes. Call J. Jones, 4051.
ary 9 at 7 p. m. in Fowler Hall. t —PHILLIPS
Chemical C Removals: Examinations for removal of conditional grades m Chemistry 1 or 2 will be given in room 101, Education Building, January 8, 1-4 p. m. All of those who received C’s in Chemistry 1 or 2 prior to the school year of 1937-88 should attempt removal of the C on the above date Make application at Room 210, Chemical Building before January 8, 1938 —HASS, McBEE, TEST, ALLEN
Badminton Players: Those already signed up for the round-robin tournament must begin match play at once Purdue meets Illinois January 16 A first team must be selected by then —BILLINGS
copies.
-JACOBSON.
interested in working on second semester aC' tivities committee meet ih' WSGA office
January 6 at 4 p. m.
-JONES.
Playshop Stage Crew: Meet in the sub' basement of the Union January 6 at 4 p m —BRENMAN.
Cosmopolfthn. Club: Regular meeting will be held Friday, January 7, at 7:16 p. m in room C of the Union,
—CARACCIOLO
Scrivener: Come to the office between 8 and 5 on January 6 to get books to deliver them —BOORD
PI A Orchestra: Practice January 6 at 7 ■ p m in the tower room of the Union Building —SHINN.
Debris Sophomores: All sophomores on the editorial staff of the Debris meet in the Debris office January 6 at 4 p m —EHINGER
Thursday, lanuory 6, 1938
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting January 6 at 7 16 p m in room B in the Union Building. —RANDALL.
Junior Chemicals: Anyone interested in entering the Hanley Speech Contest see me or call 7026 before January 10 —JACOBI
RENT—A Hi-Fidelity Public Address systibm for that paity, dance 01 banquet. Phone 61671.
WANTED—A student to share double room. One block from campus. Phone 51154.
Notices
No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Debris Cuts Available To: All fraternities sororities, organizations and publications who want cuts which were used in 1936 and 1937 Debris call at Debns office in Union Building before January 10 —EHINGER
University Orchestra: Rehearsal Janu-
Junior Military: See Advanced Course Bulletin Board on January 6 for memorandum on Distinguished Squad (166 mm howitzer) competitions —HAYFORD
Triton: Formal initiation January 6 at 8 30 p m The following should be present J Campbell, JB Cook, J Cook, P George M Helm, E Hunter, A Jorgeson, M. Moore, N Phillips, R Randall, B Roderick, G Roe, S Shewalter, E Tubbs, H Steffee All initiates who have passed or intend to pass their tests tomorrow should be there. —WALKER
Student Bible Class: Meeting in room d of the Union BuUdJng Januaiy 6 from 8 to 9 p m Everyone present will be given a book on the life of William Studd Rev Ainslie will speak on “Can We Know What Lies jBeyond the Grave?” Everyone welcome —BURBRINK
Co-ed Ping Pong: These games must be played by noon January 6 Lockner vs Cook, Byers vs Stry, Hollingsworth vs Hoover, Reinann vs Rockford, Schilling vs M. Campbell, Ourand vs Blank, Boyd Mather vs Gabler, Merritt vs Randolph —BLANK
WAA Council Meeting: January 6 at 7 16 p m Please be prompt. —MERRITT
Glider Club. Important meeting in room D of the Union Building at 7 16 p m January 6 —MOORE
Activity Bureau: Will be closed until the beginning of the second semester —JACOBSON
AIChE: Open meeting January 10 at 7 30 p m in large EE lecture room Chaplan Tyler of DuPont will lecture on the production of ammonia. —GRIFFENHAGEN
Sophomore Exponent Co-dds: Meeting January 6 in Union office at 4:16 Assignments for co-ed edition —PYKE
Activity Charts: All students living in Lafayette outside of the city limits or on the rural routes, who desire their activity charts ” please come to the Student
the Pufdine Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTEIWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC”
Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISE DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
— Confectionery —
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery
Main and Sixth Sts.
— Taxi Service
The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB
Black Cars for Spbcial Occasions 258 per passenger any part of city 5023—Phones—3071
YELLOW CAB CO.
Printing —
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _ Office Stationery
Wedding Invitations
PHONE ^ Sales Books, Etc 2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
Locksmith
“C” CARTER
for
Keys — Locks — GenerkI Repairing
Knife and Scissor Grinding
New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks
Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Barbers
MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street Lafayette “THREE GOOD BARBERS”
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
— Florist —
Domer’s Flower Shop
Main at 7th
Quality^otvera
Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY
Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Pnrdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Dine —
ibxdifk.
DINE ■ DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
— Jewelry —
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it wdl.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Photography —
Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Freshman Senate Petitions: Freshmen may obtain Senate petitions from Student Senate office from 4 to 6 p. m. January 10 to January 17 All petitions must be letmned by January 17 —ELLIOTT
Debns Photographic Staff: Following is the schedule for photographic workers on January 10 to 16 Monday—Joe White, John Williams, Joe Staley, Tuesday—Bill Gephart, Harley Rhodehemel, Charles Gardner, Wednesday—Bob Dyer Don Wray, Thursday—Don Martin, Dick Sogge, Friday—Charles Milner, Bill Heddon All are expected to be in the daikroom by 4 p m —EMSLIE
Sigma Delta Psi: Those wishing to try out meet in the intramural office, room 111, January 6, at 4 p m Any requested events will be tiled —KELLER
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Meeting at the Phi Sigma Kappa bouse at 6 p m January 6 —WHITING
Sophomore Union Workers: Our commiiteee will meet in the workshop at 4 m. January 6. —GARLAND. MATTHEWS, HARPER
Sophomore Union Workers: My committee will meet in the workshop at 4 p m. January 6. —TURNER.
WeVe got everything
That it takes to do a perfect job of cleaning’ clothes . . . and hats too. In addition your clothes are protected against moth damage as all wool garments cleaned by Crown are also mothproofed by MONITE in the same operation.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
YWCA Cabinet" Cabinet meeting January 6 at 4 p m in the office Important —BRYANT
Men’s Glee Club at 4 p m
Rehearsal January 7 —PHILLIPS
Happy Hollow Swingsters Rehearsal on January 6 at 9 p m for the Agricultural Conference week —YOUNG
WAA Deck Tennis* The following games must be played January 7 at 4 p m Johnson and Harry vs Meiritt and Newman Mathei and Wiley vs Delaplane and WalkMorns and Mounce vs Shaffer and Dalison —JENKINS
flowers for all Formal Occasions
QLaJdc J>L[fuzL ^o. Phone 5432 527 Main Street
•4^ V f /;F''
Fletcher Valentine knows tobacco values...like so many other independent experts he smokes Luckies!
' bought 4,000,000 pounds of tobacco at auc-
tions in the past ten years,” says Mr. Valentine, independent buyer of Westfield, N. C., ’’and my bread and butter depends on making the right bids. That’s why I have to know tobacco values. 'Now I’ve smoked Luckies ever since 1918, and the reason is, they suit my taste to a'T’. Nobody knows better than we tobacco men that Luckies are made of the finest center-leaf tobacco.” „ Yes—and that isn’t all...Luckies’ exclusive process, "It’s Toasted” takes out certain irritants naturally present.in all tobacco—even the finest! The result is that you will find Luckies not only taste good
but are easy on your throat.
Surely, independent experts like Mr .Valentine make good judges of cigarettes ... Sworn records show that, among independent tobacco^experts, Luckies have twice as many exclusive smokers as have all
other cigarettes combined!
WITH MEN WHO KNOW TOBACCO BEST IT’S LUCKIES 2 T01
Copyright l938. The American Tobacco Company
"'"'■"'if
J-