This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
THURSDAY May 26, 1936 Lafayette, hsdioiio VOL 49 No, 169
■mj''
Daminon Will Begin Final
Fraternity Rush School
SOO Man Hours Of Work Complete Housing Survey
Debris Board Will
By R. E. Insley
Opening the second and last session of the Fraternity Rush School tonight at 7:30 in the Union ballroom, C. E. Dammon, assistant director of personnel and assistant to the dean of men, will speak on “University Policies and Problems of Administration.”
Dammon’s talk will be in continuation of the plan of helping the rush chairmen to become better acquainted with the University and its problems. Following Dammon, Frank C. Hockema, assistant to President Elliott, will speak on ^‘The Selling Points of the University,” endeavoring to show how favorably Purdue compares with other schools and what it has to offer the prospective student.
Sheets Will Speak Tom Sheets, retiring Student Union president, will speak on the subject of “Why Join a Fraternity ? ” Sheets stated that he would outline the benefits derived from becoming organized and would give his own reasons for having joined a fraternity. Completing the evening’s program, Controller R. B. Stewart will tie up the- relations between the campus Greeks and the school with his talk on “The Fraternity and the University.”
Five hundred man-hours of labor are represented by the Alpha Phi Omega - PSA - PIA - Exponent men’s rooming house survey which is being concluded today. The survey was carried out for the purpose of securing accurate statistics on men's housing conditions in West Lafayette.
Phillips Receives Senior
Under New System Award At Music Banquet
Elect Staff Today
After the information on the some 600 questionnaires is compiled, the statistics will be available on every angle of the rooming house situation. Is the house frame, brick, or stucco ? Is the house fire inspected ? Does the landlady prefer upperclassmen, instructors, or married couples as tenants? What number and wattage are the light bulbs in the house? Such are the queries fired at the landlady.
Approximately 40 students spent an average of one-half hour per house filling out the questionnaires. Results will be compiled between June 1 and the opening of summer school.
C. E. Dammon
WAA To Award P's,
Feldman To Head ^®day
“Pleased With Turnout” Ross Dean, who is in charge of the final session, said that “We were pleased with the turnout for the opening meeting of the school on Tuesday and will feel that our work has been a success if as many are in attendance tonight. With proper cooperation we should be able to handle the campus rush problem successfully.” This meeting will terminate, the two-day rush school, sponsored by. the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council and under the direct supervision of Tommy Graham and Ross Dean, past and present presidents of the organization.
Education Group At Atmyal Spread
Kappa Delta Pi, national education honorary, elected William Feldman, Sci., ’39, president for the coming year at a meeting last night in room F of the Union Building. Barbara Gibbs, HE ’39, is the new vicepresident; Flora Holt, HE ’39, was chosen secretary; C. W. Mann, PE ’39, was made treasurer; and Sylvia Zussin, Sci. ’39, was elected histor-ian-reporter.
Miss Veronica Brady, who is leaving the University physical education department staff to go to New York, will be honored at the WAA Spring Sports Spread at the WAA cabin this afternoon at 5 o’clock.
Sports Skins will be presented to outstanding WAA seniors. The girls are selected on basis of scholarship, continued interest in the organization, health, interest in uni-
AIEE'Will Show Souid Movies At Meeting Today
Newly elected officers were installed at the same meeting. Prof. Muriel G. McFarland, of the education and applied psychology department and counselor for the organization, will give a dinner for new and retiring officers at her apartment on Tuesday, June 7.
versity affairs, and sportsmanship
Girls participating in class contests will receive numerals, and ‘P’ monograms will be awarded to girls having 1000 WAA points. Class cups and an intramural cup will also be presented.
“Magic Versus Science,” “Service to Agriculture,” and “Broken Barrier” are the titles of the three sound movies to be shown today at 4 p. m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building.
Goff's Band Wil! Preview
Appearance At Last Mixer
These reels were procured from the General Electric Company by the local chapter of the AIEE which is holding its last regular meeting of the year at this time. AIEE officers invite everyone interested to attend.
Swinging out in Benny Goodman arrangements of current tunes, Glen Goff and his band will preview their appearance at the mixer Saturday night with a free swing session in the Union ballroom from 7 to 8 p.m. Saturday’s mixer will be the last one of the semester.
Emily Tubbs, president of Sportswomen, will announce the- new Sportswomen pledges, who will be the girls receiving ‘P’ monograms. Tickets for the spread may be purchased in Miss Babs’ office until noon today. Girls wishing transportation to the cabin are requested by WAA officials to meet at the Women’s Gym at 5 p. m. today.
Sigma Delta Psi •..
.. . athletic honorary, announces the the election of the following officers: Art Bodeau, president; Eric Wadleigh, vice-president; and Dave Clugston, secretary.
The band, featuring Betty McQuisten and Vern Breitweiser as soloists, was known as Pat Clinton’s band until taken over recently by Goff. The band played engagements at South Bend, Indianapolis, Bloomington, and the University of Illinois.
36 Men Walk In Commemoration Of Establishing Northwest Territory
By Jim McKee
Prom Ipswich, Mass., to West Newton, Pa., 36 men walked in commemoration of the establishment of the Northwest Territory- Starting last November, the marchers, mostly college men, walked 660 miles to West Newton where they pitched
camp for a 10-week stay.
During their stay at West Newton, they spent their time constructing boats for a trip down the Ohio River. Tlip four boats were dis-
carded when they reached Marietta, O. Man-made bridges and dams were too much for the 1790 boats. Of the 36 men who started the trek, 30 are still with the company. One of the deserters got a contract with Paramount pictures. “He was a good looking, red-headed boy with a swell beard,” said Marcher
Jimmy McGee. Quits School
McGee was a sophomore at Rhode Island State when applications for places in the expedition were first opened. He, like most of the men, quit school for the chance to rough
it for a year. “Nobody’s sorry he left school,” continued Jimmy. “I wouldn’t trade my year for the three years I have had at Ohio State,” said William Kellstadt. Bill is one of the men who hasn’t had a hair cut or a shave since the expedition started last fall. “The hair and beards make swimming hard,” commented McGee. His hair is red and curlj^ He hasn’t had it cut since his departure from Ipswich. “But I’m not one of the boys who had permanents the other day,” he said. (Pour of the troupe had their long hair curled Monday.) “It will save their combing it.” Norwegian Traveler The only foreigner on the trip is Pierce R. S. York, a native of Oslo, Norway. He was in the federal theater project in New Yoi-k City when he applied for the position. The company has given the pageant 76 times and will give it approximately 150 times before the group halts its trip at Marietta, O., next November.
Mrs. R. W. Rohas was elected president; Mrs. James Best,^. vicepresident; Mrs. J. H. Beourg, secretaiy; Mrs. R. F. Duiican, tr’easurer; and Mrs. Maurice Beck, social chairman.
329 Debris ...
Under the new provisions of the Debris constitution, senior officers and faculty advisors will elect editors for the coming year today at 4 p. m. Concerning the elections. Art Siebenthal, senior business manager, stated: “There will be positively no politics in the elections. We are going to select the men whom we feel are best fitted to put out the Debris.” The electoral board consists of W. A. Bodden, T. R. Johnston, and Prof. J. H. McKee, of the University staff, and the senior business manager, editor, and co-ed editor of the Debris. Since the acting senior photography editor' this year was a junior and is again petitioning for a position on the staff, he will not be allowed to vote in the elections.
SAE Members Elect Dixon Cbilrman At
Meetioi Last Night
Newly elected officers of the local chapter of American Society of Automotive Engineers are headed by C. E. Dixon, ME ’39, chairman. X. W. Conron, ME ’39, was chosen vice-chairman in charge of publications; H. R. Mitchell, ME ’39, was made vice-chairman of meetings; J.V. Tippy, ME ’38, vice-chair-man of memberships; and S. G. Luther, ME ’38, secretary-treasurer. Officers were elected last night at a meeting in the home of Prof. H. M. Jacklin, member of the mechanical engineering faculty, and sponsor of the SAE. Refreshments were served. The association will attend a state meeting today in Indianapolis, with dinner tonight at the Antlers Hotel. Among the speakers are Wilbur Shaw, last year’s winner of the 500-mile race; Pete DePaolo, ex-driver; and Louis Schwitzer, the chairman of the American Automobile Association technical committee. Fifty members of the local SAE chapter plan to attend the dinnermeeting. Pit passes to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway will be issued to them for today’s trip.
Reamer Club To Give
Undergraduate Dames Club Eleds, Installs Officers
Participation Tropby
Univei'sity Undergraduate Dames Club members elected and installed new officers at their last meeting for the year Tuesday night at the home of Mrs. P. J. Diffley on State street. Members who will leave the University were honored at the bridge party following elections.
Urging all independent athletes to get their participation points in to the intramural office as soon as possible. Reamer Club is planning to present its participation trophy during the coming week. The trophy is awarded on a point system. Five points are given for winning a varsity letter, two for winning in intramural competition, one for being runner-up, and one for participating in either varsity or intramural sport. Last year the award, was won by Forrest Fields with a total of 21 points. '
PM Staff Members, Wives Will Banquet Practical mechanics staff members and their wives will banquet tonight at 6 p. m. in the Union faculty lounge. Those in charge of arrangements for the dinner expect an attendance of over 100 persons. The four retiring members of the PM staff, !^hof. J. D. Hoffman, head of the depai’tment; Prof. W. P. Turner, J. J. Dietrich, and M. Turney will be honor guests at the banquet.
Third Women's Co-op House To Open NexfYear
. . . remained undistributed yesterday when distribution officially closed. However, because of the number of books still on hand, the juniors will continue to pass them .out in the office today, starting at 4 p. m.. Business Manager Art Siebenthal announced.
Indiana Weather
John E. Phillips, Ag. ’38, received the senior award for the most outstanding work in musical organizations during his University career at the annual all-campds musical dinner held last night at Lincoln Lodge. Nineteen certificates were also awarded by Prof. F. C. Hockema to seniors in good standing in recognition of good work in the musical organizations. The following managers for the
John Phillips
Professor Slireve To Speak On Gems
“Synthetic and Semi-precious Stones” will be the subject of Prof. R. Norris Shreve, of the chemical engineering department, when he gives an illustrated lecture in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union. tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock. The lecture is under the auspices of the women’s guild of St. John’s Episcopal Church.
musical groups were elected' to replace the retiring officers: Paul Worcester, Ag ’39, Men’s Glee Club; Martha Moorhead, HE ’40, girls’ representative on the executive board and librarian; Van Coddington, ME ’39, Concert Choir; Morris Erickson Ag ’40, University Choir; and Harold Schulte, ME ’40, Treasurer. Retiring Officers The retiring officers are: John Phillips, Men’s Glee Club; Robert Phillips, University Orchestra; Iva Swayney, Girl’s Glee Club; Paul Worcester, Concert Choir; and Van Coddington, University Choir. In a preview showing, the banqueteers viewed the sound and color pictures of the Concert Choir and silent pictures of the Baccalaureate program, which were taken by A. P. Stewart, University musical director; Prof. J. Rising, of the practical mechanics department; and John Ditamore, local movie operator. During the program the last will and testament of the seniors was read by Bill Work. Following the program, the group danced until 9 o’clock.
Considered an authority on this subject and possessed of one of the most unusual collections of these stones. Prof. Shreve gave a number of lectures on the subject while on a trip through the east recently. Friday night will be the first time the colored slides illustrating the lecture are shown.
Engineer Editor Sets
Deadline On Designs
The lecture is free to the public, but those who wish may conti’ibute to a silver offering.
Catalyst Club Elects
Craig To Presidency
Garland Craig, ChE ’39, was chosen president of the Catalyst Club at a meeting yesterday in the Union Building. R. A. Peterson, ChE ’39, was chosen to fill the vice-presi-dencyl Offices of secretary and treasurer went to A. R., Peii-ce,-ChE ’39, and R. A. Verner, ChE ’39, respectively.
Students planning to enter a cover design in the current Engineer contest should submit their plans before Saturday, according to W. C. Prechter, managing editor. Entries may be turned in at the Union desk or at the Engineer office. Designs should be in keeping with the Engineer’s policy of conservative covers and should be pertinent to the type of matter dealt with in the magazine. The winning cover will be used on the magazine throughout next year; therefore a place must be provided for an appropriate cut to be inserted each month. Free one-year subscriptions to the Purdue Engineer will be awarded to the five designers of the best covers.
Because all junior chemicals will be attending summer school this year, the club voted to remain active during the summer session. Plans for a farewell party in honor of the seniors were discussed.
Penalty Days,,,
. . . will be from noon Friday, May 27, to noon Saturday, May 28, and Tuesday, May 31. M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Celebration Comiiiission Presents
'Freedom On The March' Last Night
At a meeting tonight at 8:30 in Ann Tweedale house plans will be made for the third, women’s co-op-erative house on the campus. In their regular meeting on Monday night, the members of Ann Tweedale house divided their membership to provide experienced coop,members to start the new house, and tonight plans and rules will be made by the girls going into it next year. With the addition of this coop, whose location has not yet been decided upon, room will be provided for approximately 16 more girls.
Forecast for Indiana: Considerable cloudiness today and tomorrow with some local showers. Not much change in temperature.
In commemoration of the Ordinance of 1787 and the establishment of the Northwest Territory, “Free- . dom On the March” was presented by 36 young men of the Northwest west Tei'i’itory Celebration Commission Caravan to 8,000 townspeople and students in Ross-Ade Stadium last night. The pageant was presented in eight acts, re-enacting the steps instrumental in the formation of the present middlewest. The pageant had a dual significance to Lafayette citizens. May 25 being the 113th anniversary of the founding of the city of Lafayette. The University band accompanied the chorus and supplied music between acts and before and after the performance. Members of the cast said the music was better last night than it had been any time on their trip. 8,000 Attend The crowd of 8,000 was above average, but in Foi’t Wayne and in Cleveland, O., they played before crowds of over 15,000. O. K. Reams, writer and reseai'ch worker for the pageant, introduced the pageant.
The men were housed last night in the Fieldhoiise and will leave Lafayette this morning around 9:30 o’clock. From Lafayette they will go to Danville, 111. They will come back to Indiana next fall on their return trip to Marietta, O. Bill Diamond, of Logansport and a member of the original party that set oiit from Ipswich, Mass., last fall, plans to attend the University next year, following the disbanding in late November.
Caravan Marches
Yesterday afternoon the caravan marched from the vicinity of Jefferson High ..School to Russell street on the West Side. Most picturesque in the procession was the covered wagon drawn by two oxen. The canvas top carried the motto, “For the Ohio Country.” Men dressed in buckskin jackets and breeches, with long rifles, rode horse back, and ladies dressed in the style of the day rode in ancient buggies. As part of the Pageant of Transportation, the “Beta Hack,” drawn by two gray horses, became a highlight of the procession.m
£dihfuaL
THE PUHDBE EXPONENT
dOjumfL
Thursday, May 26, 1938
Jhe £etitoh SojfA: That Monday Breathing Spell... ... appeals to us as one of the best breaks we’ve had all semester along academic lines. With finals looming ahead as the year’s final hurdle we find that that extra full-day holiday is go-^ ing to tide us over these first few days of consecutive examinations. We need that time also to finish up those inevitable last-minute lab reports and make-up tests. Coming on Monday this holiday should be practically perfect for getting things done. It may take us all day Sunday (as it usually does) to get down to brass tacks and hard work . . . but when Monday rolls around we’re going- to get on the ball, crack a book, and turn a few wheels — as campus slang artists would put it. It's going to be hard when the time arrives to put aside plans of seeing Indianapolis and the races, or. the other things that we habitually do for week-end recreation, but when we consider that our whole semester’s record will probably be materially changed by the twoday stint, our determination becomes iron-clad. How many other University students will take proper advantage of this boon, we’re wondering . . . and just how much will this extra day mean to them. It may be that we’re different, that our fellow students don’t need this time to. catch up, and perhaps get a little ahead on final exam studying. Maybe most of them just wish that finals started the one day sooner. Maybe so, but we doubt it. Speaking for ourselves^ we would like to see a Memorial Day holiday every semester. The jump from hectic last minute work to the,still more hectic routine of finals has always left us breathless ... and on the nether side of the eight-ball. Maybe we’re too greedy when it comes to vacations, but right now The Monday Breathing Spell looks mighty attractive. ‘‘Student Petitions... . . . are never taken seriously, either by petitioners or petitionees,” we read in one of our exchange college newspapers. The writer goes on to explain that most students wilt do and sign anything. To prove his point he men-
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
l^sgoctated
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922, Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscription $3 per year; by mail $3.50.
Editor-In-Chief
Business Manager
H. I.Stanback
R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor ;.......L. S. Hardin City Editor , D. A. Bailey Associate Editors..,.G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson Editor’s Secretary , Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS. STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager. .. B. M. Antonirii Circulation Manager — W. F. Berg Sales Manager , V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager , ;....H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager! W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors .....; Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors... J. A. Hebbeler,. R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Patterson Thursday, May 26, 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
WE UNDERSTAND that JOHN CRAWFORD ... DU ... is definitely in the swim since this weekend. It seems that he imported for a dance Saturday night and took her home at 2 o’clock . . . after which one of his brothers spent the rest of the evening with her. THE MORAL to this story is: “Don’t take your imports home until the brothers are well in bed ... or just don’t take your imports home.” THE THETA XI’s seem to have made themselves the unofficial reception committee for the incorning freshmen girls that are up here to get rooms for next year. AT ANY RATE we saw RAY BROWN driving a nice big Buick Saturday night, and he looked anything but disappointed. If the girls are going to have things like that car, Purdue won’t be such a bad place next year after all.
tions a petition recently signed by 115 Syracuse University seniors. This petition started like a proposal to eliminate final exams for seniors, but ended with a contract to serve five years on a chain gang. We hope we didn’t let ourselves in for something like that when we signed those Student Senate petitions that were circulating around the classrooms last week.
By Joy Johnson . “v : A post-season report from Lafayette florists says that fellows are more careful these days in ordering corsages for their dance dates. Nevertheless, say the florists, they are not careful enough. A step in the right direction has been made. More and more fellows do inquire the color of their dates’ dresses', and that is helpful. But for a fellow to say that his date is wearing a pink formal is not enough information to assure the best service that the florists can give. For instance, if a co-ed is planning to wear. a pink formal, she should tell her escort the style and just which of the many shades of pink it is. She should tell him as to whether she piefers to wear her flowers on her dress or whether she would like them made into a decoi'ation for her hair. If she does not volunteer the information, her date .should inquire. . With information as to’the exact color and style of a formal, the florist can do himself justice. He will make up a corsage that he is proud to send and that any girl will be thrilled to. wear.
lege professors “the same way as any other person. The laws work for them, too. Try thinking of their best points, then honestly but subtly compliment them. I don’t, however, advocate bringing an apple.” Look-out-for-the-Future Note: Prof. J. Hoover Mackin, University of Washington, predicts that ice, millions of tons of it, will! return to the North American continents within 200,000 years. He says we’re now living in an inter-glacial period.
Baylor University, in 1937, graduated the only quadruplets ever to complete a college course.
Beg Your Pardon Clifford S. Meier is not in the engineering law school as was erroneously stated in the Exponent yesterday. Meier is a junior enrolled in public service engineering. He was appointed cheer director not cheer manager. Bob Mueller, instead of Don Muller, was a member of the electing board.
Lawrence College has a larger investment in athletic equipment per student than any' other midwestern college.
MERLE HAGEMEYER took a Sig Nu pin the other day. Now there is a smart freshman—she undoubtedly heard of the-ever-prevail-ing Soph SLUMP. Hurry Freshmen, there are only two or three more weeks left—or you’ll be left. If you freshmen co-eds don’t believe in this Soph Slump, just ask MARY ELLEN FORESMAN, last year’s Theta ace. STRANGE AS IT MAY seem, we walked into the Sweet Shop yesterday afternoon and who should be there but PEG TIMBERLAKE and TOT McQUEEN . . . those girls surely know better than that. IT IS BEING said that FERRIS TRAYLOR has contracted JAKE LEG, but we would like to know how that is possible when you have
UIHA TODAY — FRI. — SAT.
THE HAPPIEST, LAUGHINGEST a ADVENTURE AMERICA’S FAVORITE FOLKS EVER ^ EMBARKED ON!
‘Mignon is very lucky^—she comes by it naturally!”
to be a drunkard to get that. W.E HAVE FINALLY found a formula to make our co-eds—and eds—good looking; For the answer see tomorrow’s column. Winger Wins Log Contest Harold S. Winger was winner of the log sawing contest at foresters’ field day instead of George Winter, as erroneously stated in yesterday’s Exponent. Silver Mask . . . , . . fencing honorary, recently elected the following officers for the coming year:- Arthur Levin, presi-, dent; Robert Meier, vice-president; and Carl Hoffman, secretary-treas-\u'er. ” '
ARC
TODAY — FRI.
SAT.
MONOCnAM PICTURES
r!wn STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
By Popular Demand!
Takes its place among the greatest pictures of all time! Warn' wmmm
Five notes on this and that to start you speculating on what’s go- ; ing on in “This Collegiate World.” Flower Note: Columbia University, early in May, had in bloom on its campus, 30,000 iris of 50 varieties. Progress Note: An Alfred University scientist is working to develop a stingless bee. He has already produced a bee so gentle he has a hive of them in his dining room. I ^ Health Note: The American Youth Commission, after a survey of students in 56 colleges and universities, reports that more than a third of students entering colleges are infected with tuberculosis. How-to-Succeed Note: Dale Carnegie, friend-winner and people-in-fluencer, says you can influence col-
-2 DAYS ONLYToday — Friday
—PLUS— ARNOLD JOHNSON and his orchestra
'
■Ml J'“‘iW.S. J ’S'-
Speedway Chatter
Cmder Team Travels To Bloomington For Meet Purdue’s improving track team will engage in its final meet of the season Saturday when the Boilermaker s^uad goes to the state meet at Bloomington. According to Coach Hermon Phillips, the main hopes of the team lie with Lemen and Gutting in the high and low hurdles, Bodeau ih the half mile, DeLong in the dashes, and Knapp in the mile and two-mile. Close Half-Mile Marshall of Butler and Bull of Earlham are other good hurdlers in the meet who will give Lemen and Gutting some stiff competition. The half mile with Frances of Notre Dame and Trutt and Miller of Indiana, along with Bodeau of Purdue, should provide one of the standout races of the day. Bodeau beat both Trutt and Miller in the Big Ten conference meet last Saturday, but has yet to face Frances. Indiana will be the defending champion, but the Hoosiers were thoroughly beaten h3’' the Irish in an indoor meet this year when the Notre Dame squad won, 63 to 36. However, Indiana finished fourth in the Big Ten meet with 28 points, a good advantage over Purdue’s 11.
Diamondmen Play Here Tomorrow, Saturday Revenge will be in the hearts of the Purdue baseball players tomorrow and Saturday as they face the Indiana team in a three-game series to finish this year’s schedule. Big Bill Smith, unbeaten junior pitcher, will be the probable starter in the first game tomorrow afternoon, with Bredewater or Mangas as the probable Boilermaker hurler. On Saturday the teams will come back for two games, one in the morning and one in the afternoon to finish up activities. Purdue Loses First Game The Hoosiers downed the Boilermakers, 3 to 2, in the first contest between the schools this year when Smith beat Mangas in a 12-inning hurling duel. Looking back on last year’s record, we find that Indiana defeated Purdue in all four of the games; so the Boilermakers have several scores to settle with their downstate rivals. Bredewater has yet to face Indiana this year, but was the victim in two of the Boilermaker’s defeats last year. Aimold has been going along in great style this year and has been getting plenty of help from Mangas.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqaro Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
YOU'LL
when you stop to think of the variety and extent of recreational facilities than can be found here. BROWSING ROOM BILLIARD ROOM BOWLING ALLEYS MUSIC ROOM SWEET SHOP And Many Others
JPUL fiwvdusL TlflmufimL lAnxofL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
By Don Herr
Editor’s Note: Herr is a junior mechanical and has worked for the last six years as an official AAA representative at the Indianapolis Speedway. He will use Speedway Chatter as his personal column to give Exponent readers the lowdown on the 500-mile classic.
For you five-place slipstick experts . . . the maximum allowable piston displacement for non-super-charged jobs is 274.59 cubic inches; and that for the supercharged jobs is '183. Cars this year must conform to international racing standards which means, rather vaguely, that a certain ratio of car weight to piston displacement must be maintained.
There are no wheel-base restrictions other tlian that the car mfist be able to negotiate the turns safely. A minimum exterior body width of 33.46 inches measured in a vertical plane tangent to the back edge of the steering wheel is required; Mauri Rose had to increase the width of his Italian car in order to comply with this rule.
SAE Nine Loses To Phi Belts, 7-6 In a closely contested game all the way, the Phi Delta Theta baseball team succeeded in outhitting the Sigma Alpha Epsilon nine yesterday afternoon to win 7 to 6. By virtue of this victory the Phi Delt’s will meet the Alpha Gamma Rhos, victor in the winners’ league, this afternoon. If the^ Alpha Gamma Rhos win today’s game, they will become fraternity baseball champions; but if the Phi Delts win the first game, they will have to play another contest to win the championship. The Phi Delts pitcher. Gene Anderson, allowed only six hits and struck out eight men as his teammate, Lou Brock, made two homers out of three times at bat to keep the hard-fighting SAE team trailing throughout the game.
aroons, 8 To 6 Chicago Scores Winning Tallies In Eighth Inning In See-Saw Battle Chicago University’s baseball team knocked most of the pennant hopes out of the Purdue team yesterday when the Maroons set the Boilermakers back with an 8 to 6 victory on the Chicago ' " ■' ■ ■ diamond.
Freese Leads Golf Team
Each car is thoroughly checked and registered. Each driver must have at least one year’s experience before being permitted to drive in the 500. If new at the track, he must satisfactorily complete a driving test. All drivers must pass a strict medical examination.
Tennis —Today— Sigma Nu or Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Phi (B) Doubles. Sigma Nu vs. Beta Theta Pi (A) Doubles.
Contrary to popular belief, the driver may or may not carry a riding mechanic, according to his own choice. Last year and for several years previous the two-man cars (Continued on page 4)
D. L. Mann vs. Darrow or Zahn. Silva vs. Short. Billings vs. J. H. Johnson.
BASEBALL —Today— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Winner Phi Delta Theta vs. SAE.
Have you given West Side a chance to prove their worth as excellent cleaners for all types of clothes? Our thorough work is sure to please you.
Northwestern and Vine
Purdue golf enthusiasts have been busy the past few days, with the all-campus finals and the varsity team playing in the Big Ten tournament at Minneapolis, Minn., Monday and yesterday. Karl Freese led the Boilermaker team in the conference tourney with 316 for tenth place. The Pux’due total of 1344 did not approach Minnesota’s winning score of 1245, but was good enough to beat Indiana by three strokes. Robert Hoffer won the all-cam-pus tournament Tuesday by beating Campbell four up and three. Hoffer shot his final round two under par,' as did Campbell in beating Butler in the semi-finals.
League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York 22 9 .710 Chicago 21 13 .618 Boston 16 12 .571 Cincinnati 17 16 .515 Pittsburgh 15 15 .500 St. Louis 13 18 .419 Brooklyn 12 23 .343 Philadelphia 9 18 .333 Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 7; Brooklyn, 2. New York, 3; St. Louis, 1. Boston, 2; Cincinnati, 1. >* (11 innings) Philadelphia, 2; Pittsburgh, 1.
AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. Cleveland 22 10 .688 Boston 18 12 .600 New York 16 12 .571 Washington 18 17 .514 Chicago 12 12 .500 Detroit 14 16 .467 Philadelphia 10 19 .345 St. Louis 9 21 .300 Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 7; Philadelphia, 4.' St. Louis, 4; Washington, 3. (13 innings)^ Detroit, 7; New York, 3. Cleveland, 6; Boston, 4.
The lead see-sawed between the teams with the Maroons scoring the winning luns in the eighth inning as Gramer singled, Levit and Reynolds walked, and Klass hit to centei’ field only to have Dickinson muff the ball and allow Gramer and Levit to cut aci’oss the plate. Dean led the Boilermaker attack with four hits in four times at bat, one of the hits going for two bases. Mackiew'icz also helped the Purdue cause with a home run and a single. Chicago Scores Two Runs Chicago wasted no time in getting started, by garnering two runs in the last of the first inning, but Purdue came back in the first of the second to go into the lead on a three run splurge. Dean opened -the inning with a single, Thompson drew a walk, Waling doubled to score two runs, and Mangas hit a single to score the third run of the inning. Again in the third the Boilermakers added to the scoring with two runs when Stamm was safe on an error, Mackiewicz singled. Dean hit a double to score Stamm, and Mackiewicz scored when Krause smacked a long fly to center. The final Purdue run came in the fifth on Mackiewicz’s home run to give the Boilermakers a short-lived four-run lead, as Chicago followed with four runs in the last half of the inning. Purdue AB. R. H. Hearne, 2b 3 0 0 Dickinson, cf 5 0 0 Stamm, If 5 10 Mackiewicz, 3b 5 2 2 Dean, rf 4 14 Krause, c 4 0 0 Thompson, ss 3 1 0 Waling, lb 3 1 1 Mangas, p 3 0 2 Heiss, p 10 0
Totals 36
Chicago Klass, ss Calogoratos, 2b . Soderlind, cf ... . Sivesind, 3b Shepherd, rf . . Meyer, lb Gramer, If Levit, c Amundsen, p Reynolds, p
AB. .. . 4 .... 5 .. . 4 4 . .. 4 2 . 3 3 .... 1 . .. 1
R. 1 2 1 0 0 0 1 2 0 1
H. 0 3 2 0 0 0 1 2 0 0
Totals 31
8 3
Members of Pi Tau Sigma, national mechanical engineering honorary, will elect officers for the next year at a Weiner roast to be held at Prof. G. A. Young’s lot on North Grant street tomorrow at 4 p. m. In the event of rain a meeting will be held in the Mechanical Engineering Building.
Score by innings: Purdue . . .032 010 000—6 9 Chicago . 200 040 02x—8 8 Struck out—by Mangas, 3; by Heiss, 1; by Reynolds, 3. Bases on balls—off Mangas, 4; off Heiss, 3; off Amundsen, 2; off Reynolds, 1. Two base hits—Dean, Waling, Levit. Home runs—Mackiewicz. Errors — Meyer, Amundsen, Dickinson, Stamm, Mangas. Hit by pitcher— Hearne by Reynolds.
A SURE CURE FOR MOTOR AILMENTS ....
A Spring Tonic for Lazy Cars!
If your car runs a temperature — coughs and sputters — suffers from slow pick up — it needs a thorough over-hauling. Leave your car with us a few hours and let us tune it up. We will test battery, check transmission and clean and adjust spark plugs. Bring in your car tomorrow.
derson Company
Phone 4048
“After You We Come First”
525 Alahaisia Street1. <, t wW ^ iil'C-'4-iv^^^‘4i !
4 y
,4#^
4^'
^tecoL CHa,
THE PUBDDE EXPONENT
TicdieaA,
Thursday, May 26, 1938
Speedway - - (Continued from paprc 3)
were required. Most of the racers have a two-seater body with a tight fitting cover ov'er the top of the mechanic’s seat. As you might easily guess, all but a few cars will be carrying only one man, the dri\er. Yes, the extra man means extra weight which results in a slower speed and less prize money.
Speedway’s Prexy Captain Eddie Rickenbacker, was present for the w'eek-end trials. Its general manager, T. E. “Pop” Myers, estimated last Sunday’s attendance to be between forty and fifty thousand.
Ab Jenkins, the man who established more world’s records than any man in the history of sports, gave the late Sunday stickarounders a treat by driving his 75 per cent Super-Duesenberg around the oval foi a few laps at about 70 m.p.h. Except for some changes it is the cai 111 which he broke all lecords up to 1000 miles.
Clif Bergere, the Hollywood stunt man, tells us Ab is building two new speedsters to smash all records. The one car is similar to the SuperDuese and out to break its records. The other, a big car, is to top the 312 maik for a straight-away mile. Ab is from Salt Lake City.
Each racer must carry two rear view mirrors this year, but so far I haven’t seen a one. Maybe the boys figure the mirrors might increase the vnnd resistance and for qualification every little bit helps. It looks to me like those mirrors would vibiate too much at such high speed to be of any aid in seeing what goes on behind. However, they have pi obably figured that one out a long time ago.
Oh yes—some 3,200,000 red paving bucks comprise the two and one-half miles around. Nope, I did not count ’em but that’s a what they say!
A keen looking bus is lapidly being groomed for the tiials. It is a leai engined four-wheel drive lacer designed and built by the Haiiy Millei plant in Pittsburgh. He has two othei new cai s at the track and one coming.
3[aJtML Victor Release
• 25846 WHY’D YA MAKE ME FALL IN LOVE? IT’S THE DREAMER IN ME Benny Goodman and Oi chestra
• 25843 AS LONG AS WE’RE TOGETHER RIDE, TENDERFOOT, RIDE Dick Todd, Baiitone, and Orchesti a
• 25849 YOU GO TO MY HEAD I CAN’T FACE THE MUSIC (Without Singing’ the Blues) Laiiv Clinton and Oichestia
• 25848 I HADN’T ANYONE ’TILL YOU T. Dorsey and Orchesti a AZURE Benny Beiigan and Orche.stia • 25847 IN THE GLOAMING THE SHEIK OF ARABY
“Fats” Waller, his Rhythm and Orchestra.
McLean Music
Co.
MAIN ST,
LAFAYETTE
WB A A Programs
WAA News University Notices
-Today-
Personally, unless the 500 does a Kentucky Derby upset this year, with fair odds, I would put my money on last year’s winner, Wilbur ShaVt, to win, place, or show—not because he won last year, but because of his business-like attitude, consistent upper-biacket placing, and the convincing mannei in which he lode his last year’s car around last Saturday at a 120.987 m.p.h. average.
11:00—Dick Curtner, pianist. 11:15—PTA Council. 11:30—Charlotte Friend Stewart— soprano. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. ,12:00—Russ Graefnitz, piano. 12:15—Town Crier. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market and Weather Reports. 1:00—Drama in Industry, Mary Wagner. 1:15—You and Your Health. 1:30—^The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Arsene Summers, contralto. 2:00—Concert Review. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest, by Mildred Templin. 3:00—-Concert Music. 3:45—Intel esting People in the News. 4:00—John Senne and Virginia Reed, violins. 4:15—Bod Hildebrandt, pianist. 4:30—Wings Over the World. 4:4&—Story Book Hour.
Such notables of Purdue’s campus as Dean Dorothy C. ^tratton, Miss Helen B. Schleman, Prof. Helen W. Hazelton, and Miss Roberta Connelly will mount the mound in a baseball game against the freshmen women this afternoon at four o’clock at the women’s baseball field. The freshmen challenged the faculty members and alumnae to bolster their moral before final examinations.
At four o’clock yesterday afternoon the All-Star baseball teams played a game in which the Black team defeated the Gold team, 11-9. The members of the two -All-Star teams chosen from the class teams are: Gold—Whitehead^ captain, G. Walker, P. Swick, T. Shaffer, J. Fishleigh, 1. Weishaar, E. Heeter, R. Swift, E. Maier, K. Merritt, M. Hoover, L. Gables. Black—H. Beko, captain, L. Thomas, B. Smith, B. Beaudry, M. Clymer, J. Campbell, J. Morris, V. Beck, V. Blank, M. E. Delaplane, 1. Boehm, and J. Davi-
Freshman Co-ed
Honorary Initiates
Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman co-ed scholastic honorary, recently initiated the following women: Joyce Buinham, West Lafayette; Mary Jane Carr, Indianapolis; Joan Le Beouf, Gary; Chaidotte Finney, West Lafayette; Alberta Densford, Indianapolis; Helen McClean, Indianapolis. Mary Monk, Giaysville; Jean Plummer, Lai'will; Betty Sheay, West Lafayette; Maigaret Terstegge, Louisville, Ky.; Lucille Osborn, Syracuse; Victoiia Horne, Maplewood, N. J.; and Dorothy Backert, Kokomo. Joyce Buinham was elected president for the new year, as Mary Jane Carr was chosen vice-president. Chailotte Finney was made treasurer; and Alberta Densford, secretaiy.
TYPEWRITERS — Adfflnsr machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multig^aph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoflf, 605 Mein street.
FOR SALE—Underwood Portable Typewiiter, complete. Excellent condition. Used veiy little. Call Mitchell 66014.
FOR SALE—Ten target pistols used by pistol team. $10 each.— Capt. Kay, Armory.
LOST—Spiral notebook. South corridor of Recitation Building. 0. F. Smith, 51301.
ROOMS AVAILABLE—One block from campus. $10 for entire summer session. Phone 41051.
Univeisity of Virginia students do not call their campus a campus. They call it “the grounds.”
CARRIER BOYS — Desiring to deliver papers for the Exponent next semester, wi-ite Circulation Manager, Purdue Exponent, 312, N. Fifth St., Lafayette. Give summer addiess.
the Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S
Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST
1191/2 Vine West Lerfoyette Phone 4965
Printing
□
P
RSNTING
SUDDEN SERVICE
"’office Stationery . . Wedding Invitations
PHONE ^ Sales Books, Etc. 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRy
• Locksmith
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS
Open Evenings Ph 2291 State-Mcrin, W. L
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Garden Seed — Plants — Tools and Supplies West Lafayette
• Ayto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE
Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE . Phone 51784
• jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. CEISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist
504 Main Street
LYLE E. nSHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite Post Office
• Florist
Domer's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Me XettaM AeeeptMl After 8 p. m.
Junior Military Students: All students who intend to go to Fort Knox this summer and are interested in softball or volleyball are advised to communicate with R, B. Coen at 6071. —COEN.
Freshmen Exponent Co-eds: Work schedule for week of May 28 to 28: Monday: simpson, Totten, Joy: Tuesday: Short, Pickering, Burtsfield ; Wednesday: Sebast, Carr, Miller: Thursday: Greger, Carroll, Perkins ; Friday: Rose, Stanley; Saturday: Jakes, McMaths, Johnson. —McKEE.
_ Alpha Phi Omega: Reservations for initiation banquet Friday, May 27, must be in my possession by noon Thursday, May 26. Call 7026. Pledges must have housing surveys handed in to Wadleigh by Thursday evening. —BEHRENDS.
New Co-op; There will be an important meeting of all those interested in the new boys’ co-op house Thursday, May 26, at 7 p. m. in the Wesley Foundation. —BROWN.
WSGA Judicial Board: Meeting in the WSGA office Thursday, May 26, at 7 p. m. —HAMILTON.
Gimlet Seniors: Diploma fees have been paid. Get receipt and commencement tickets in cashier’s office (5-28) —GIRARD.
Purdue Motorcycle Club: Regular meeting Thursday, May 26, at 7 p. m. in room B of the Union Building. —MARKS.
Purdue Zouaves: Important meeting Friday, May 27, at 4 p. m. in Armory, Bring all snapshots. —VANDERFORD.
AIEE Meeting: Thursday, May 26, 4 p.m. room 264 of the EE Building. —MANSFIELD.
Tau Beta Pi: Formal initiation and election of officers in room 1 and 2 in the Union at 4:80 p. m. Thursday, May 26. No dinner after initiation —MUSHAM.
Pi Tau Sigma: Picnic called off. Weiner roast at G. A.’s lot on north Grant street will be held at 4 p. m., Friday, May 27. In case of rain meet at the ME Building at 4 p m Elections will be held. —COX.
Industrial Education Society: Important meeting will be held Thursday, May 26, at 7:30 p. m. in room-A of the Union Building. Prof. Greenly will discuss the program of the Trades and Industries School for next year. Affiliations with the national organization is being contemplated. All members and students who plan to be in this school are urged to attend. —GANTZ.
Freshman Union Workers; All workers report to workshop at 4 p. m. Thursday, May 26. Important. —DEMARS, WILLIAMSON.
YWCA Cabinet Members; Meeting 'Thursday, May 26, at 4 p. m. in the YWCA office. —KLEIN.
ROTC Graduates: Students who have completed a senior ROTC conrs#, who will graduate in June, and who are interested in active duty under the Thompson Act should see me as soon as possible. (6-28) \ —HAYFORD.
ASME: Members get your magazines and watch charms from the instrument room of the ME Building. (5-27) —CLUTTER.
Co-op Living: All women planning to live in a co-op house next year please meet at Ann Tweedale house, 123 State Street, at 8:30 p. m. Thursday, May 26. Anyone unable to attend please contact Mrs. McFadden at 6261. —HEETER.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting in Union Exponent office at 7.16 p. m. Thursday. May 26. —FORSTER.
Archery Enthusiasts: Mixed archery on women’s range Thursday, May 26, at 4 p. m. Equipment may be checked out from respective gyms. —KINZEE.
Senior Military: All seniors desiring to return Court-Martial Manuals for 76-cent8 credit should turn them in to the supply room before June 1. All seniors should get their seven dollar uniform commutation from the cashier’s office as soon as possible. —WHISTLER.
Exponent Editorial Staff: There will be no paper Tuesday, May 31. Workers, scheduled for Monday, May 30, need not report. —HARDIN.
There can be only one Winner! At the Indianapolis Speedway there can be only one winner...
CROWN WINS the approval of everyone who wants to improve their personal appearance. Have your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WIST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
NO SUMMER SCHOOL
ever was unevenffyS. Many of your fellow students will be seen in Bold and Black—may be even your room mate, or that certain coed.
Yes, Campus Actiivties will continue in full swing — and many others are planned. Know when to come to the. Campus and get in on the dances and other good times.
If you can't be here in person, do the next best by yourself . . . or^der the SUMMER SESSION EXPONENT delivered to your door. Fifty cents for the entire summer mailed anywhere. Deac, Southworth's or the Union Desk will gladly help you with this matter.
Summer Session Edition
© the PURDUE EXPONENT
■MIWI