mmmmm
’ ' ■ ' .• ■ 'V - ■- ■ ■^;'-v-v'vTr
■
An Editorial . . .
Wem Proud
• \
Dr. E. C. Elliott, who has been granted an indefinite leave of abisence by the board of trustees in order that he might accept a position as co-ordinator of civilian war training in all the colleges of the nation, has been tentatively scheduled to speak at a special war convocation to be held later this month, ^Although the plans are yet incomplete as scheduled by the student v/ar council, July 17 is the tentative date and current plans are to introduce the president at an 11 o’clock convocation with all classes, dismissed at that hpur. ‘Trexy”, as he is affectionately known to the thousands of University students and alumni, has played an active part in —— — . : :
the University war effort and has been influential in the establishment pf many of the defense courses and other projects dealing with the war effort now under way at the University. In his new position in Washington, Dr. Elliott is serving on the War Man-PoWer Board as director of the war efforts of the colleges and universities of the nation. In the past, much confusion has arisen in Washington over cob, lege problem.S' and the administration of various defen.se programs as they apply to the colleges and universities. To Act As Lobbyist Dr. Elliott will not only serve as sort of a lobbyist for the colleges of the nation but he will also act as a clearing house for pi'oblems concerning the colleges and the government. When a university is bothered by a specific problem, they get in touch with Elliott and he in turn contacts the proper authorities in Washington and arranges a settlement of the problem. Dr. Elliott has long been recognized, as one of the loading eduea-: tors in the country and before accepting his present position he wa.s (See ELLIOTT Page 8) Letter From Mayor Of Lafayette The City pf Lafayette has done and is doing everything we have been asked to do ip the War Effort. Our County and City De-’ fense (Councils have been organized and our Auxiliary Poyce and Fire unit.s are equipped to meet any emergency. We have taken part iri the Aluminum Scrap Drive,' Metal and Rag Drive and are now doing our part in the Scrap Rubber Campaign. We also participated in the clean-up week, helping to eliminate fire hazards. Starting July first, we are playing our part in the Defen.se Stamp Campaign and in addition the U. S. O, has been organized in a campaign that will get under way immediately. Wp are a patriotic city and will continue to do our part in any way to help those who are helping us. AUSTIN R. KILLIAN, Mayor
CWT Coordinator
This is li#Exponent’s VICTORY EDITION. We are pi’oud to present this chronicle of Purdue University’s contriibution to the ‘‘Driy^ for Victory” by the United Nations. First pf all we are proud that our University is able to provide the educational facilities to train men in the armed forces for important military duties. We are proud of our faculty men, and especially the University administrators, who have devoted long houp outside of regular working schedules to the coordination of the University scholastic, physical and social program with that suggested by the government. We are especially proud that it was our president, Edward C. Elliott, who was called from his duties at the University to serve as co-ordinator of civilian war training in all of the colleges in the nation. We are proud of the Boilermaker men out in industry, who are “keeping ’em rollin’.” We are proud of our men in the Army, Navy^ Coast Guard and Marine Corps—the men at Fort Sill, on Midway Island, in Ireland, the Navy’s Flying Boiler-makers—-who are serving Old Glory in actual combat'with the enemy. We are proud of the spirit of the student body and the townspeople who are contributing both time and money to the war effort in this community. In fact, we are proud of the victory drive of the whole state of Indiana and the entire
middle west.
And when we say we are proud, we do not allude to the pri^e 'of self-sufficiency, but to the pride that comes from seeing the fair results of honest labor, the pride of service and sacrifice, the pride in overcoming handicaps and obstacles that seem insurmountable, the pride in the brave deeds and courageous action of our friends and compatriots. With this pride in achievement we salute and honor by the dedication of this issue, the Purdue men who already have given their lives for the VICTORY that will eventually be
ours.—d.t.b.
lis, Lowe Scrap Rubber, Iron Receive Commissions PaperQuotasFiii^
Gonjf/fcf Brings Many Sf a/f CalendarrStudent Changes
’ By Jeanne Lauer
Speedy and far-reaching changes have been wrought in University life during the seven months our country has been at war/ In these months the University has shifted to a 12month basis,, adopting an “all-out” academic calendar that calls for three 16-week terms and abandons all vacations; over a hundred of the faculty and staff have left for duty with the armed services ; and our president has been granted an indefinite leave of absence, following a government appointment to a post where he will direct the war-^time programs of all colleges and universities in the country. The tremendous task of placing our University on a wartime basis ha,s been swiftly carried out. Shortly after Pearl ——r—— — Harbor the Student War Coun-
cil came into being to coordinate the war efforts of thn student body. Composed of the leaders of the major campus grpups, it has streamlined activities, sponsored defense lectures and convocations and pushed the sale of war stamps and bonds. In connection with this drive, many oranizations have curtailed their social activities- and devoted the funds saved to the purchase of
bonds and stamps.
More Military Training Military, training is not new to our campus. Under the CAA training carried on at the University air-
Acting President
-,
mm
Hockema Says: “We are bending every effort to cooperate with Federal and State governments in successfully prosecuting this war by training our students for fields where'^ there is need for trained men andT women, and by research for the armed forces. - f
P.C.Ganzar,ME' Receives Promotion Commanding officer of the SGth Field Artillery, announces the promotion of Eiv.st Lieutenant Paul C. Gaiizar from the grade of Second
Lieutenant.
Lieutenant Ganzar is a native of Argo, 111inoi.s, and tlje son of Mr. and Mrs. P. C. Ganzar of W.Vl West G2n(l Place, Argo. After graduating' from Argo. High School he attended the. University, graduating in
1941 with the de.gree of BSME. While at Purdue, Lieutenant Ganzar participated in tennis, basketball,
and wrestling.
Prior to joining the 3Gth Field Artillery here, ho attended the .Battery Officers Course, Field Artillery School, Fort Sill, Oklahoma, in the fall of 1941. He recently returned from another three months of schooling there, this time receiving instruction in motors. He has been Reconnaisance Officer for Battery C of the regiments, and is now Motor Officer for the Second Battalion. '■ ,
Following in the footsteps of nine of-their former colleagues from the University English and Speech Department, Prof. Robert Lowe and Robert W. Des Jarlais have recei'ved their commissions in the armed forces of the nation. . - Lowe, assistant professor of English who has been commissioned a lieutenant, junior grade, in the U. S. Naval Reserve, has reported for duty at the Harvard Naval Training School,at Boston. He has ,been on leave of absence from the University for the past two years in order to complete his studies forthe doctor of philosophy degree at Princeton University. Des Jarlais, graduate assistant in speech at the University, has been commissioned a second lieutenant in the Field Artillery, and after a short visit to his home in Wisconsin, will report for duty at Fort Sill,
Okla., on July 10.
YWCA Purchases Two $75 War Bonds Two ip76 War Bonds have been purchased by the Young Woman’s Christian Association as a part of their war program. In addition to the purchase of the bonds, the YWCA has co'mpiled a booklet entitled “What to Wear” that will be sent to all freshman coeds entering the University in the fall.
Local citizens have answered the “call” by filling the quotas of scrap materials set for this community, by contributing rubber, iron and so much scrap paper that the collecting has been discontinued until a new heed is realized. At the latest report 60 tons of scrap paper had been collected by the youth organizations of the community. “Sell Your Scrap Rubber Here” is the sign that has been seen at every filling station and every depot for rubber collection. According to Bert Force, salvage chairman, the pile of scrap rubber is rapidly approaching the quota set for the community, and he expressed confidence that the quota would soon be surpassed. At the most recent count 612,000 pounds of rubber had been collected. Force makes an appeal to all citizens to turn in their old or unused rubber at once. It may be taken to any filling station where it may be sold for Ic a pound, or, if it is donated, the money will go to the USO. Henry Bilsland, who is iri charge of collecting scrap iron and steel, reports that 2,208 tons of metal has been contributed by local citizens.
“What to Wear” is a book of advjee to the incoming freshmen about wearing appeal'd that should be purchased for campus wear in order that material can be conserved.
Trainees Spend 36 Hours A Week In Cfasv To give a man or woman .$120 a month merely for the privilege of training him to fill a ready and waiting job sounds a little unusual to the average student, but the 33 men andwomen enrolled in the third twelve weeks course in ordnance inspection to be given at the University asi a part of the Engineering Science Management Defense Tr-ain-ing feel that they earn their $120.
36 Class Horirs Per Week
The members of this group spend an average of about 36 hours each week-attending lectures in H.eavjlon, Hall apd in watching' demonstrations jn ^ichael Gplderi Shops. They receive the in'struetions and tests of .abririt 12. different teachers who “talk too fast and never let class
out early”. '
Jn order to qualify for the course the would-be student must have had either one year at some engineering college or two years at a nonengineering college where he must have taken at least one year each pf mathematics, trigonometry,
chemistry and physics. Six Weeks Basic Training
After receiving his civil service appointment, the student spends his first six weeks in theory study arid review in order to get the necessary background. This basic instruction (See ORDNANCE Page 7)
port for the past three years, around 500 students have received flight trainings; and our ROTC has trained a larger number of commissioned officers for field artillery than the number trained by West
Point.
About .2500 men receive training in present ROTC courses and starting this fall an additional hundred men in advanced military will begin training under the newly estab(See WAR EFFORT Page 8) Letter From Mayor i Of West Lafayette The war activities of Purdue University have made the citizens pf West Lafayette realize the seriousness of the war. We, the townspeople, are striving to the utmost of our ability to cooperate with the University in its war
efforts.
Representing the people of the city, I would like to make an appeal to the Students for their cooperation. The street signs which have been carried away by pranksters can not be replaced because of the shortage of materials; nor can additional lanterns to mark danger spots be obtained. We would like for you, the studepts, to be a trifle more thoughtful and leave these lanterns and signs in their places. I congratulate the University and the students on the work which they are doing in the war
effort.
DWIGHT S. KEII^, Mayor
Pork Production Line
By Dale Butz Tile Scliool of Agriculture’s part in the war efl'ort has; largely centei'cd around the vast network of oxtension Korvicos whioli are cooperating in the Food for Freedom program and otlibr, acLivitie.s furthering the war effort. Alllioup.'h tlie results of such program.^ are not immediately us clear as the results obtained from a defemsG training course, the work un-der.-vvay reaches into every one of tlic 92 counties of the state and serves as a powerful force in assuring the nation of adeqiiate food supplies during this emergency. Agriculture Was Prepared AgL'icmlture has been preparing for the war during tlio last few years tlirougli the variou.s governmoutal programs that have been instituted; After the attack on Pearl
Harbor, no large scale conversjon was necessary for Agriculture, but it merely called for expansion and intensifying of the programs al-
ready established.
The main theme of the extension work since our entry into the war lias been to urge farmers to make holier and more eifieient use of existing facilities without substantially increasing the size of their enterprises or using materials which are needed, in’the war effort. Under this plan more efficient methods 'and more substitutes liave been discovered and the rural people have been advised how they can repair, remodel or redesign their machinery and other articles, using as -littl'e as possible of our precious metals. The work has been divided int^ several classes and the subjects
which are thought to be rqost ias portent during this year have been C/l/cfcOfl /h The ROUdh emphasized by the extension work- ^ ers at many sfate, county and local meetings held throughout the state. Repair Becomes Major Problem Bechuse of the shortage of metal and the stoppage of farm machinery manufacturing, the problem of repair has assumed major importance if the crops of our state-are to be harvested efficiently, quickly and as cheaply as possible, This problem is even more acute when we consider the fact that less labor is available and more of the work must be done
by machinery.
To meet this situation the agricultural engineering department and other extension services have conducted a number of farm nia(See AGRICULTURE Page 6)
Xi-\Editopial Page
Thursda^i July -2,
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and BHsinesi, #tirdue 'Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 m., 5377
Edif>.r-m-Chi®t ,M’WS ICililnr 'iiartu/'nHT* Editor ^poriR Editor liiisinrsfi M.magor ■ t ir> nla!iiiii Munagrpr (.’nod ICdiiot
... John P. Amos Don T. Brophy John H. ArniBtrone .Robert L. Hadley William D. Millard Ken K. Gjemre Alice Cbatfleld
Publication Staff AsRoriate Editors Editorial Ktaflf: R. W. Boswinkle, D. E. Buts, W. Q. HosklnS, ■ A. P. Htintpr, D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. RaCert. Sports Staff: O. E. Brewer, J. S. Daw.son, E. L. Karpick. .Cued Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Ha.sa, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Coed Business Manager! Julia Martin. Aiivertising Managers: J. M. Wright, D, L. JobniOB. Circulation Manager: G. H. K|ouman, Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jana Kolm.
Staff For This Issue
Nillil Editor: Hoskins
Day Editor: Lauer Issue Editor: Fawcett
SiatT: Ve.eli, Miller, Sliipnbski. Altherr, Murphy. Marion, lord, SuMon, Jordan, Kimball, Freyman, Hudson, Davis,
VG:iI;, Uollin.s.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Dafa^ cttc, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Cctoher .1. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published an Wednesday, Friday and Sunday mornings during the summer scnicstcr and daily except Monday during the fall am' winter scnicaters. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.25 for summer scnicstcr; mailed subscriptions $1.50. licprcscntcd for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Says “^Defeat’?
Roll
S'tudent.s are informed that the University i ; “ail-out” in the war effort—that everyone connected with the University is doing his utiuo.sl; of the aid the country at this grave time. But til ere are men formerly connected with llie Univer.sity who have given more to their counlry than anyone here at the present time can ijo.‘j,sibly give—men who have given their live.s for the cause of the United States. Killed In Action On iDeceraber 24, 1941, Lt. John R. VanDelenter, ME ’38, was killed while with General MacArlliur’.s troops defending the Philippiiics. Lt. Kenneth W. Sprankle, ME ’30, was kilied in a plane crash in Hawaii as he was taking off .to engage the enemy on January 24, 1942. Lt. Dean B. Lewis, Sc ’41, was killed in the crash of a training plane just before he was to be sent to the war front. Gapt. Patrick W. MacIntyre, ME ’35, was killed on June 5,1912, when his bombing plane crashed after ■being attacked by the enemy in the Dutch East, Indie.s. Major Dudley G. Strickler, CE ’24, after serving three years in China and two in the Philippines, was killed in action in 11'j Philippines while acting as a defender of tho.se is]and,s. Lt. Phillip. D. Freeman, Ag. '40, was shot down in an engagement with the enemy over Hawaii on January 22, 1942. Lt. Lyman K. Hai'vey, ME ’40, "was fatally injured in the crai'h of a bombing plane that he was piloting. Lt. John M. Robertson, ME ’36, has been reported missing after an air engagement will! the enemy on March 14, 1942. Killed in Training » Lt. Max L. Munson, ME '39, Robert Buck, ME '39, Major Charles L. Robbins, ME '34, Gapt. William H. Bloss, EE ’25, Richard Dexter, Ag. ’39, Capt. Russell L. Montgomery, ME '39, Lt, Charles T. Engeman, F. '40, Lt. Mar-
Then And Now Thumbing through the 1917 volumes of the Exponent we ran across a few odds and ends that might come under the heading of “Then aiid Now” ... “Students who enlist in any form of active military service and, on that account are compelled to leave the University before the end of the semester, will _be given credit for any current studies that are discontinued.” , . . appeared in the April 3 issue just three days before our first formal declaration of war against Germany . . . recruiting methods deluxe . . .
Navy appeal for 38,500 men by April 20th appeared on the next day . . . Indiana’s quota was 800 . . . we’ve got 200 here NOW and more coming . . . good boys, too ... ask the coeds . . .'
April 5th headlines urged students to show their patriotism by attending War Convo . . . and we thought Prexy and the War Council originated them.
In same issue an interesting sidelight . . . “Why Girls Select Purdue University” ... story maintained that the girls choose Pui’due because of its DEMOCRATIC spirit . . .. let’s See . . . Wilson was president THEN .. .
i'Cow may seem like a rather strange time to talk of Victory. Now, the day after Sevastopol fell; when the armies of General Romniel are only half a hundred mile from Alexiuiui’ia and a mere two hundred from Suez; vvlum realistic believers in the “scorched carl ii” talk of blowing up the Suez like the Ri;a?i.aus destroyed the great Dnieper River dam and the Chinese flooded the Yellow River. to give the allies time to re-form their forces. We talk of victory when the only glory in this war has been in the defeats: Dunkirque, Bataan, Wake and now Sevastopol. And yet we talk confidently. The.ee defeats are ■ the price that democracies pay for our form of government.' While the dictatorships act, the democracies talk. But in talking we build in ourselves the unswerving conviction that we are right. With tiiis comes the unconquerable determination to win the final victory no matter what the cacriiice necessary. We do not have to have quick victories over small nations to bolster our morale. We are fighting a total war for a complete victory. We are standing now where Washington Ecood at Valley Forge; where Lincoln stood alone in the Civil War; where the British stood after Dunkirque. We have barely begun to fight and victory is not here. Victory is not even around the corner. But it is now being formed in the Army camps, the Marine barracks, the Naval reservations, the factories, the homes and in the colleges of our land. Purdue’s
April 6th issue . . . WAR . . . two line streamer notified students that a state of war evists with the German Empire ... . it’s the Third Reich NOW . , . wonder what happened to the other two ... April 7th . . . over 100 coeds formed first aid classes . . . methods for care of sick and Wounded were to be taught . . . 26 years later the fairer sex of this younger generation has enrolled in similar Red Cross courses ... April 8 . . . War declai’ation influences athletics . . . practically all big Eastern colleges suspend athletics for the duration . . . Big Nine teams undecided . . . Chicago an athletic power in those days ...
Drawn for DinJsion of /fl/ornwMoff, 0. B. A/.
‘‘He carries nie a block and I carry him a block, our rubber heels that way'’
We save
V-2I-6/I6
Low-Cost War House
Cadet combats in practical sham battles were instituted by the military department . . . Soph battalion, the Reds, outfianked the Prosh Blues- in the first battle . . . held in Happy Hollow . . . and she objected.
Exponent printed picture of men preparing for the service . , . if there was something about a soldier THEN it certainly wasn’t his uniform ...
“Prexy” Stdne urged students to attend meeting held to explain the Officer’s Reserve Corps . . . he stated “THE TIME HAS NOW COME FOR PURDUE MEN TO ACT” ... and thus Playshop was born ...
Exponent sports head . . . Buzzing of War Bee Has Detrimental Effect on Sports . . . practically the entire track team was lost through enlistment ... do the track team was stung ...
subjected to its first “incendiary
raid” of the war. .
At this time incendiary bombs
Lieut. Donaldson, head of the ROTC Corps, received orders to report . . . commissioned captain in the 22nd Cavalry stationed in the South . . . stay was to be indefinite . . . cavalry . . . what happened to the field artillery. . . Article appeared about people of German Empire demanding war’s end . . . U-boats had failed to bring England to her knees . . . Germans said to be struggling against starvation . . . wishful thinking . . THEN, too . . .
In the ad department . . . regular cigarette piice THEN wa.s 25 cents . . . Murad, Turkish tobacco, had recently entered the new low-priced 16 cent field . . . “Judge for yourself’’ and compare with any ,25 cent cigarette were their stock phrases of indukment . . . NOW 26 years later, these same phrases, like the radio gags, have reappeared ...
By Stan Shipnoski As deadly chlorine gas stole its way up along the walls and slowly enveloped the ceiling of our small gas chamber, every one of the fifteen persons in that enclosure became aware of surrounding death. But we had gas masks and knew what to do. Again we were prepared when the less lethal but irritating tear gas slashed at our eyes as we once more stepped into the
chamber.
This in our opinion, after spending almost an entire day at the Civilian Protection School being held at the University,, best shows what the school is actually accomplishing. The students are taught by experi- ^ —
ence the dangers of modern warfare at home, and how to cope with wartime situations.
Through the fine coopera- 'vill be lighted on the top floor of tion of Lt. Col. W. A. Johnston j-our-story sliack, “Hotel P. U.,” >,, v-,, . , Tjr C-, whicli was erected especially for of the Chemical Warfare Serv- .
this demonstration. Trained in-
ice, we were permitted to ac- ccndiai-y honib fighters will quell tually take part in this gas instruc- the blaze, while both tlie class monition, and take it from us, tlioso par- bors and outside audience learn just ticipating really will know what to wliat sliould be dono in such a sit-
do if a gas attack .should ever jJje nation.
More Demon.stration.s
We also learned that this week Every two weeks a similar demthe class was taken out to the open onstration will be presented. During space in the rear of the stadium the week days, the area around the (this is also the location of the gas structure will be used by the school chamber) and exposed to .such pots.- alone to demonstrate the effect of onous ga.ses a.s mustard gas, Lewis- bomhings and fire bombs in particite, aiid phosgene, a.s capsules of ular. Factory sprinkler systems are the gasc.s were allowed to explode installed in some , of the .smaller in the open air. structures and the effect of these
.Having the appearance of a cylinder cut in half with the flat side down, the first experimental “war house” built by the University was I’ecently finished and put on exhibition. . Designed by Carl Boester, director of the housing research of the University Research Foundation, the war worker’s house has a floor space of 24 by 28 feets and utilizes only iO per cent of allowable critical materials. Total cost of the novel fire-resistant, shock-proof structure is between !pl200 and !pl600, depending upon locality, and, it can be built in- approximately a week’s time by experienced labor. Inexpensive to Heat The house is heavily insulated and has a Franklin type stove made of cast stone. According to estimates it can be heated with 3% cords of wood or 2^/^ tons of coal per year, as compared with much higher amounts of fuel used in other homes- renting for the same amount of money. It has been found that more houses are shaken down as a result of ground shock from demolition bombs than are directly hit. Therefore, according to Booster, this structure is made “to act as a spring” and' resist bombs of this type. The low costs of the home would permit rental to war workers at $30 a month with complete amortization of costs within a fiev-year period. Sears and Roebuck Furniture At the recent exhibition, the inside was furnished with Sears and Roebuck materials at a cost of $125, not including the utilities. This seemingly iippossible price illustrated the fact that the interiors of homes can be comfortably furnished with a small capital and still be livable. With the exception of one chair and sofa the furniture is unpainted. Few accessories adorned the Walls and one lono mirror appears in the home. The hostess who explained the various features of the Victory House when it was open to the public last week, pointed out that these ,article.s- are not essential. Whether or not this plan for a war house will be used in vital defense districts on a large scale depends upon governmental approval. Booster was enthu.siastic about fa-
V\^ar Stamp Booth To Display Sales Charts Under the supervision of the War Council, the Student Union is selling War stamps at a booth in front of the Sweet Shop. Each sale is credited to the house of the buyer, and a bar chart showing the per capita purchases of each fratei-nity or sorority house, WRH, Cary Hall and all other housing groups will be hung by the booth next week. Books Available There are 10c and 25c stamp books available for those who have not as yet started their war stamp books or who are ready to start another. The booth opened last week and will make sales from 4 to 6:30, Monday thi'ough Friday and at noon oir Tuesday, Thursday and Friday. A thermometer sho'wing the total sales since the opening of the drive last winter will also be on display. The sales- so far have not been as good as those in charge had hoped. Students are urged to support the di'ive not only for the sake of competition between house.s but also because everyone should do his part for victory. ' Flag postei's will be posted by the Student Union in evoi-y campus building by the end of the week.
vorable comment which bad come from the national hou.sing research committee. That this exhibition is only a Universily deinon.stralion and will have little effect on tlie ]K).st-war housing projpct.s of I ho University Re* .search Foundation was made clear by Boe.ster who said that houses such as this are.important in times of war but arc different froin housing during noi-mal times..
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS iinkrsity Hook Sbre Acrofla From Union "Red” .Siniiniorifl ’29 “Poc” Fpple
To close this column with a NOW . . . we registered the other day . . . guess that puts us on the list . . . hope we’re not on yours ... 30.
George H. Kimball . . . is another former University student who is in training at Ellington Field preparatory .to becoming a pilot in one of the Air Force’s bombers. He was a junior at the University at the time of his appointment as an aviation cadet. ’ Joseph W. Gerard . . . attended the University and the University of Alabama, before joining the Army Air Force Training school at Ellington I''ield, Texas. He was an engineer in civilain life.
“History may well establish the fact that the second world war was won because, backing up the valor and skill and sacrifices of the armed forces, Were the unparalleled experience and production ability of American industry, as typified by the great industrial org'anizations which have characterized American entei’prise and made its industrial development the envy of the entire world.’’—Alfred P. Sloan, Jr., chairman of General Motors.
Other Things Considered Gases, however, compose only a small part of the study which this continuous school is giving. Under the direction of Lt. Col. Johnston, director, fire fighting, boining- measures, camouflage, and first aid are just a few of the topics considered. The students are not really students in the general sense of the word for the ela.ss of 50 is made up of men and women from the 5th, 6th and 7th Defense Regions, sent here by their local authorities to learn the methods of civilian defense. All of them, will be key figures in the organization of their own home defense corps upon completion of the course. Exhibition Tomorrow Although wo were fortunate in attending the gas in.struction, all may witness the instruction in handling incendiary bombs in back of the,, stadium.at 8:30 tomorrow evening when West Lafayette will be
will also be considered.
TODAY-FRL-SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
Opposite Purdue Union
Army trucks made by General Motors Truck are built to negotiate a 65 per cent grade. Such a grade is so steep a man on foot has to crawl up it.
“Even the deprivations of a war period have their advantages. They make us get busy and find substitutes or dilutions or alloys or new combinations which turn out to be better than the much more expensive originals.”—Charles F. Kettering, vice president of General Motors.
vin D. Croft, ME '40, and Dean W. Cooper, Sc ‘41, although not killed in actual battle, are nevertheles,s worthy of being added to the honor roll, for it was through their efforts to serve their country by being in training in camps or at air training fields that they met their deaths.
TODAY-FRI.-SAT. 2 FIRST RUN HITS :^R0D0V McBOVIftU luv.nll" 5'"'.”' lHHt
- plus ■
GENE IkUTRY
m WAK STAMPS oni BONDS at Ml THtATBl
If you could peek inside our plant and see how carefully we cleanse your dotlies, using only clear, freshly-fil-terctl .solvent ... if you could see how each garment is custom-pressed according to its particul.ar cut and style . . . if you could watch Ifovv wc care for every detail, you’d know better why Jieojile have confidence in our Sanitone Service, why garments sent to us, time after time, stay new-looking!
It's Got That Cagney Sock GOLDEN GLOVES — WITH — RICHARD DENNING JEAN CAGNEY PLUS PANTHER'S CLAW — WITH — SIDNEY ULACKMER MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY NORTHWEST PASSAGE — WITH — SPENCER TRACY ROBERT YOUNG WALTER BRENNAN
TODAY - FRIDAY
TODAY-FRI.-SAT.
STARTS SUNDAY
UV WAR STAMPS fliiO);BdNbS'fHtHIS;.THEffIRE
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
STARTS SATURDAY Together for the First Time!
with EDMUND LOWE WILLIAM GARGAN — ALSO
\mWAK STAAIPS wrf BONDS at TVs TNlATUy
■k
VI
—ADDED— LATEST PATHE NE\ySf ,
Thursitdy^ July SS, 1942
'’irik^ M,j;,. .V {-Tif W‘’-'W'' *' '»• Boilermaker Sports
Intramural Sports Card S‘’"‘*b°b!™‘’"®SAII CampUS Males Above
Freshman Year Take P.E. 12
■
Intensified For Summer Intramurals on the campus have reached a 'new high, especially for summer months. Although the enrollment reaches a new low, with some male students attempting to prepare themselves for service under Uncle Sam, Chief M. L. Clevett’s increased I. M. program is aiding in that preparation. Probably the biggest contribution that the Intramural de-
partment has added to the ■
physical preparedness of the ,, M„„ed by Geld and Black, student IS the obstacle course, ^ newly devised game invented by now being used in P. E. 12. the Intramural, department, feia (See P. E. Story). strenuous game is noted for its abilTeams Under Fire 1° put the players through one
of the stillest workouts m intra-
An intensified athletic bill mural sports, for fraternities, wards, and Tennis, codeball, horseshoes, golf, Cary Hall teams, the squad paddle tennis, badminton, archery, members under continuous physical swimming, and sigma Delta Psi workouts, has increased the I-M complete the summer program participation. for the ’murals. Usually a slack season, the sum- Codeball, a combination of golf ..JOer semester is filled with ten in- ^.nd soccer, will be run the last part tramural competitive sports, and of the summer, with a large turnseven Hall units, 36 fraternities, out expected. The new University and 10 wards aie comepting. It is 18-hole golf course, completed only estimated that about one third of last month, is drawing a large group the men in school this summer are of links fans who are developing engaged in the intramural work— their golf tacticll a higher percentage than usual, but Pass Athletic Tests low in comparison to some institu- Sigma Delta Psi, national athtions. letic honorary, is conducting tests Top card in the present set-up is to determine the athletic abilities of the twilight softball competition, the male students, who, after havscheduled to last through the sum- ing passed seven tests, are admer semester. The diamond compe- mitted to the local chapter.
REMEMBER the 4th
WITH SNAPSHOTS FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP 411 State — West Lafayette
STOP! DON’T WORRY ABOUT YOUR BAGGAGEDON’T WORRY ABOUT WALKINGCALL A YELLOW CAB AND BE THERE ON TIME!
YELLOW CAB 5023 — Phones — 3071
Saturday will lack some of the color which has characterized the 22 other Independence Days separating it from the last anxious Fourth in 1918, when its celebration seetned imperilled from overseas. The explosions formerly exemplary of the spirit of the Fourth, are being reserved for better uses and sent into enemy territory to happen. People are too busy and preoccupied to enteV into the extensive celebrations
of peacetime.
Strange to some who look on the hurrying nation at war, is the fact that Saturday, and all summer, thousands of people will spend valuable time and effort watching and participiiting in the <many
sports pPpular in this country.
Yet it is not strange when one realizes the fact that America’s
Riveter Athletes Enlist In Army, Navy, Marines
Physical Condition Of Men Taking Course Improved
During times of naCional emergency schools, colleges and the general population suddenly focus their attention on physical fitness. During the last war Newton D. Baker, Secretary of War, speaking in Washington before the National Collegi-
Boilermaker athletics have felt Association said, “There are not enough ‘Star the ravages of war m basketball, ,,, , , , , ,, ,. . . ,, , „
strength has always laid in the ability of the individual citizen to pro- football, baseball, and track. Many Athletes —What the nation requires IS that all OUr young men duce—whether it be in a shop or on a battlefield. To the American, ^f athletes have enlisted in the attending school shkll have the benefits of physical training
various branches of the service b^- so as to develop their bodies and make them proper material fore completing their college edu- filling the armies of the country in the present emergency/' cation, and their loss to their re- mind that the course was drawn spective teams will be deeply felt r, .r, ^ -ni. • i -nj x- x. nr when the Boilermaker teams return the Department of Physical Education for Men under
sports provide an opportunity for relaxation from increased duties and
for bettering physical abilities.
No one^realizes better than those conducting America’s 'vv^ar that the people must be in fighting condition in order to withstand the trials that will come as the war wears on. This fact is responsible for the extensive physical training programs incorporated itt army training and in educational institutions in every state.
The various training camps, stations and fields which have been collecting the talent in their organizations have turned out formidable service teams to play in and out of practically every league in the country. These teams were organized not for publicity or to sell War Bonds, but to maintain the interest of the men represented and the people in general in the nation’s chief source of individual competitive spirit.
And they have been very successful.
The soldiers and sailors draw large crowds of faithful fans and fight with the same will to win that produces battlefield heroes. If their football teams next fall compare with the baseball teams that " have raveled the nation’s diamonds this summer, no collegiate or professional team can look forward to an easy Saturday afternoon on the gridiron with them. ’ s
1 I?
But the thing that will count in the end is the performance of the average guy—the guy that bowls 130 or 140, plays baseball occasionally but seldohi loses the ball and doesn’t sparkle paiticularly in the field. He's the fellow that swims, plays a little tennis and golf but never wins silver loving cups at any of them. He’s just an ordinary, slightly awkward fellow who seldom exeits himself to the limit. He dislikes to exert himself too strenuously and is not above griping a bit when re
to Big Ten competition.
Stars Enlist
Among the outstanding losses to the team are two of last year’s standout sophomores. Frances Meakim was regarded as one of the leading backfield candidates for next fall. Bob Johnson earned a fine reputation last fall with his play as a sixty minute man at the center spot. Bob would probably have been one of the best linemen in the conference next fall.
First Aid Students Study Anatomy; Learn Use Of Bandages
Judged by numbers of students interested, the most popular of all
Other losses to the football team the courses offered because of the included Marion Red Cai’ter, fleet- jg tjig American Red Cross footed halfback, who traded in his -n,- . ,-j x- x x n j 1,. ., „ . ’ „ . ... First Aid course which has enrolled
football equipment for a pair of Air Corps wings, and two guards Charles Ehrlich and Johnny Vecs.
Tries For Wings
On the hardwood, the most recent
the dynamic leadership of University Present, Dr. Edward C. Elliott. In February of 1941, a plan of action was presented to the President which involved; (1) Medical Preparedness (increased Health Service) ; (2) Physical Preparedness (elective classes in physical fit-
ness).
Original Plan This plan which was further revised in March of 1941 was put into operation March 31,1941. The original plan was to present the course as a two-houi elective. Seniors tak-
over 325 students in the two semes-
ters it has been a regular part of course were permitted to
drop a three-hour course and take
the University curriculum.
the physical preparedness course in
un tne narawooa, tne most recent qinp pioogpo cntiprinipr? in +Tip -x , p.-
loss was that of Co-Captaln elect departments of physical education rteUwo h'ourt orrteTt°the'’ro Boh Eiley who has enlisted in the „.„en. As the course ''trCeSrafd rtouSed hourt
.......ex owe, wuc.t xc gpmestpr those who T quired to exercise. Properly trained and good and angry, he and the tg^m lost a pair of varsity perfoim ^ semester, tne^se wno were lowered by one hour.
fellows like him will make the war a geneially sad undertaking for
the Axis.
This year the Fourth of July will be scorned by Axis nations, uncomfortably ignored by the British and observed relatively quietly in this country. But the ability of each American to think, fight, and sacrifice for the good of the team will insure the continued observance of the occasion, in succeeding years.
George Burghardt to the baseball team, and Co-Captain Bill Bancker
to the track team.
Test Events Pull-ups Push-ups
PHYSICAL PREPAREDNESS RESULTS, 1941-1942 Purdue University Average Accomplishments
March-May, 1941*^
Means
Post Test
8.56
Pre-Test .... 6.62 ...16.27
Sept. ’42-Jan. ’42**
Means
Post Test
Pie-Test
4.89 7.96
22.24 15.77 23.16 22.96 18.89 20.80 Not given 24 min. 23 min.
24 sec. ^57 sec.
One mile walk Not given Not given Not given Not given
Jump & reach 20.96 Two mile walk Not given
Jan -May, 1942
Means
Pre-Test
7.96
23.15 20.80
23 min. 57 sec. Not given
‘ 231 Students (Elective Course)
' 844 StudeYits (Required 21 yrs to 28 yrs ) ‘ 986 Students (Required 21 yrs to 28 yrs )
‘ 1842 Students (Required of all students above Freshman year)
SCOBEE’S — All Kinds of Photographic Supplies Fresh Film and Film Pks — Try Our Quality Kodak Finishing — PROMPT SERVICE
Phone 2343
105 Northwestern Ave.
If You Want to Reach These Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the EXPONENT
take it receive two hours of credit ,, • wx , •
ers when Don Blemker and Bill for completing the beginning and to note Neutzel enlisted in the Navy. advanced work which also gives students electing the
In the spiing sport squads, the their First Aid certificates.
outstanding losses will be those of rn i i hour course to their schedule, while r,...,-.x.„Ax X. X,.. Take Standard Course only 44 per cent substituted the
In this standard course the stu- course for one they had dropped, dents study anatomy and physiol- Registration for the course was held ogy. They struggle to learn when the week preceding spring vacation, and where to use each of the four March 17-22, 1941. Classes started kinds of bandages used in First the first day after spring vacation.
Aid. And then with each other as Tests Given
victims they learn all the mysteri- Students were classified into ous tuckings, twistings and wind- groups according to their height ings necessary to make the band- and weight as established by CozesS. Post Test ages stick on such awkward parts At the first meeting of class they of the human anatomy as the hands, were tested and scored in the followc ^ feet and ears. ing items: (1) push ups; (2) pull They must know what to do for ups; (3) jump and reach. When shock and know how vast are the they were tested again at the end differences between symptoms and of 32 hours of class instruction, a treatments of sunstroke and heat statistical treatment of the data inprostration. They learn to snap dicated that there was a 16.7 per their fingers at the garter snake and cent improvement on the three
to have all due respect for the wa- above mentioned items,
ter moccasin and the rattle snake. As a result of this course a ^‘SylPerspiration'Over Respiration labus and Results” was prepared
mi, X! 11 • n TT 11 j; i. 11 They spend hours getting sore ^bmitted to the President and The following Cary Hall softball the Executive Committee in July, games will be played Monday, July developing the light rhythm and Executive Committee
6:
Diamond
13 Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 6, 14 Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 5, 15 Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 3. The following Ward tennis singles must be played Tuesday evening, July 7. Unless these games
Post Test
9.66 27.6
22.17
22 min, 22 sec.
May MZ-Sept. qz****
Pre-Test
6.32 19.4
20.28
Not given
60
0) w
11 min. 10 sec.
° 3
IM Schedules
1 tiled that all male students physicallly qualified, and between the ages of 21 and 27 b erequired to take a similar course for the 16 weeks of each semester as* long as they were in the University and in
the age group mentioned.
developing the light rhythm flick of the wrist for artificial res-
piration.
When they finally receive their certificates, they also know what to do for bums, broken bones, corns, sprains, dog bites, earaches, frost-
bite, poisons and hysterics. In fact, Course Grows"
aie played as scheduled they will be they know how to handle just about jjj addition to the two hours of counted as a forfeit. major or minor emergency un- classroom activity, students had to 6:30 the d°etor ariives. report on one additional hour of Couit By going on with the course to “club” activity. Tennis, swimming, 1 Robert Schoeff vs. Jamps Bill- earn another hour’s credit and put bowling and other similar fpims of ingsly a little moie polish on various tech- exeicise weie the approved club ac2 Glen Nelson vs. Robert Bryant niques, the student who successfully tivities. In addition to the three 3 Monte Myers vs. Gil Frantzreb masters all of the material lequiied tests given the first semester, a two4 Henry Sieback vs. Glen Searcy of the beginning and advanced Fiist mile walking test was added. Ap5 John Woling vs. Mike Foley Aider earns his instructors certifi- proximately 1,000 students in 16
6 Geoige McKissock vs. J. F. cates which qualifies him to teach
Alberts the standard Fust Aid course.
the
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT ^ Phone 4354 We Deliver
Got ki the swim in t
Gantner Swim Trunks
Smart, new s treamline trunks in every color and several styles. Knitted and fabric materials.
450 ..450 Dewenter’s
416 Main Street
sections were registered
course.
At the start of the summer semester, the course was expanded still further to include all medically qualified male students above the freshman year. The schedule was changed further, so that classes would meet three times a week, and be of one class hour in length. Change Made Because of the shortened peiiod, the one mile walk was substituted for the two mile walk of the previous year. The course was planned to cover the last thiee years of college, and the piogram varied from semester to semester so that the students would not have to repeat their activities. The summer term program calls for two weeks of tests at the beginning of the semester, four weeks of swimming, four weeks of conditioning, four weeks of recreational activities, and is ended with two weeks of tests. The plans for the future call foi a similar progiam, but a change will be made in the activities and types of conditioning exercises.
Hays Jewelry Co. - ► 131 North Fourth St. ^ -r Fine Jewelry at Modorata Mm ’ ’
Everything for o College Education DEAC’S
1 j '•'.''I”®f" i.
“< ^ f’f' ^ ^ \
\i* V t
J?4ige 4
Purdue Exponent
Thursday,-July 2, 1^4^k
P^ngiiet Monday To Open Local U. S. 0. Drive
PresideilEllioll Makes Firel Donation; Ugj pj|| Volun][66r Workers To CsitVOSS Homes Lafayette Group Rolls 250,000 Bandag,es,
Receives Order For 92,500 More By Fall
Quota
Openifi^ With a “kitk-off” dinner next Monday evening in the Lafayette Central Presbyterian Education Building, the first USO campaign to be conducted in Tippecanoe County will be officially inaugurated and the two week wartime drive for the $14,400 county quota will begin in earnest. Already, in advance of the actual campaign, the University faculty, staff members and employees have responded generously to the USO appeal. President Elliott being the first contributor in this pie-community drive According to T. R Johnston, University publicity director and chairman of the USO campaign committee, sev- -— — — . —
eral hundred dollars have been donated so far in this manner. House to House Canvass I The July 6-18 county campaign will be conducted on a strictly cash and check basis with factories, business establishments and private homes in West Lafayette, Lafayette and the suiiounding teiiitory being contacted by a veritable aimy of volunteei USO woikers In this “man sized” midei taking a corps of some 350 women volunteers have been assigned to the house to house canvass which will be conducted
throughout the county Stickers To Be Issued
Prom Tickets Sales Begin
Monday Dance Will Feature Music Of Al Donahue
By Sally Beall Three days a week the sub basement of the Union comes to life when the main branch of the Tippecanoe Red Cross moves in and goes to work on its quota of clothing and surgical dressings for the United States Army and Navy. Since its organization a year ago, the local chapter has gone into mass production Over 250,000 surgical dressings have been made by these Lafayette women who have given up bridge clubs and movies to
spend their time m the “dugout” filling quota assignments which come directly from the Army and Navy. 25,000 Bandages Per Month Their latest job is to finish 92,500 dressings of six assorted varieties by August 31. At present about 25,000 bandages can be made in a month, but the local
In addition to the aiticlesNwhich they complete in the dugout, the women take home woik with them to be finished by the next legulai i^ieeting day All of the woik done IS strictly volunteei No one, including the chairmen, receives any pay for the houzs she puts in at the dugout The only visible rewards are the official Red Cross head drosses The blue veil is given for 25 horns of work, the red for an administrative office and the yellow
unit is confident that if they could
get all the gauze and other supplies the staff assistants
which they could use, production could go as high as 150,000 pieces
each month
Although the dressings present the most impressive figures, they
Advanced ticket sale for the annual summer prom which will be held on Friday, July 24, will begin
, next Monday morning The sale , j, j.t, i Plans have been laid to visit every continue at the discount puce materials Household not displaying the red gg There will be just 600 of ” '
white and blue USO stickers which available, and
are given out as receipt of contii-
butions
turned out by the Red Cross workers Two days a week are devoted to sewing pajamas, bathiobes skirts.
Everything According To Order There is nothing hit or miss about the organization of the unit Every bandage made has been ordered by the Army or Navy, and each IS made according to the diiec tions of Army and Navy surgeons Only hand work is done, and no time is wasted in making dressings that
receive then furloughs and leaves to go home in case of illness or death in then families The Red Cross also acts as a go between for
prisoners and inteined men
The Red Cross also sponsors the canteen and nutrition courses for women, the First Aid courses, home nursing and the blood donor service In April the mobile unit which came from Indianapolis collected 209 pints of blood On July 24 and 26 another drive will be made with headquarters at St Mary’s School, and in October a campaign will be
made among the students Prof. Henry Heine IS in Washington, D C , work-
ing in an advisory capacity for the War Productions Board for then survey of medicinal and p’^arma ceutical needs for civilians during the war Heine, whose leave of ab sence for the duration was recently granted by the University, is an as sistant professor in the School of
Pharmacy
Purdue Clirislian Foundation Tryouts for Iht Non,hb<i pUy to be t,iven Tilly ''S lid Z( will bt held at fa p m on Monday July fa at IJl S( uth Giant street Two m n bix w imen and ciiw mcmboib needed Ihosc interestid in trying out eall 4J33 01 eontact Bill Lcstei —REYNOLDS Gimlet Plcdees Have initi ition feet to me before July 10 —MERRILL
Shroit Vh R levin M Whitehiad vs B V inC imi J Himmir vv B Freiland I C r^e V M II Cildwell I Lauer vs P Mieis r Wei h vs C Ridgeway K y Krim r vs H Ilowarth P Miiphy vs S * 1 hiibon A 1 vvoU vs M Burkhardt M Herd vs G Wiky M E S tton vs D Sm th M A li nell vs E Roberson E F ml \ J Bl ink M Hayes vs R Bue chelo C Mntin vb M Scholl and M Kepnei Vb I Noideeii a —SCHUBER »
WAA Tennis Tournament Ihe follnv Reamers Repulur meeting Monday July iHL, matches should be placed off by WedncL 6 it 1'' P ui m room ^04 of the Union In July 8 Pleibe arr nge your own Pledges be on hand at 4 -u-Mn'n;' m itches and iccoid scoie^ in the gvm J KNOIE
„ * , , Will go on sale until the day before , , , i i i Tippecanoe County has contiib- ^ needed by our soldiers and then
, ,, ii J 1 J. 1 WabLeil 111 4iuiivill^ Ultioolllj layettes-eveiything that might be machines
the piom, and then at the regular
pi ice of*-$2 00 I 1,000 Tickets Available ’ Total ticket sales will not be al-
iamilies or by the women and ehil
dren of our allies
uted appioximately 3,000 men to the nation’s aimed foices and a little over $4 70 per man represents the $14,400 quota which is only a
small part of the national goal of lowed to exceed 1,000 tickets, and i xi, i a i, x, tLo in+ooi mmoni nf +Tio Pori $32,000,000 being collected for use the coiumittee suggests that all who one most people think of when they The latest pioject of Red in the remeational and social uro planning to attend, buy them think of women doing something Cross here is the adoption of the in tne recreational ana social pro- ^ , , xi, , „ „„ t>„,i Ma„vr mun p p w.iavr inv.wa ,c
gram for servicemen stationed in ail week and thereby insure
Much Work Involved The knitting department
All finished products are checked, counted and double checked Shipments are made according to code numbers so th^t nothing goes to the
the wrong place
parts of the globe
Glee Club Receives Contest Loving Cup
tickets and save money as well Dancing will last from 9 until 2, and coed hours have been extended
until Sam
The prom, which will feature the music of Al Donahue and his popu lar “Low Down Rhythm in a Top
During the first part of the week Hat” Band, will naturally have a the loving cup which the Glee Club Queen who will be selected by stu won for its runner up position in the dent ballots All those purchasing Pied Waring Glee Club Competition tickets during the first few days held in New York about a month will vote by writing the name of ago anived It was accompanied by then choice of Queen on the ticket the following telegram fiom War- stub These will be tabulated and ing “Youi cup IS being shipped to- a list of candidates for the later day and of course you know it is buyers to vote upon will be detci filled to the brim with all the good mined All ticket buyers are re wishes of the Chesterfield folks, the minded by the committee to cast a
Pennsylvanians, the host of warm vote
friends you and your boys made in Band Is Favorite New York and your toughest critic Al Donahue, the maestro who will and most ardent admirer Fred furnish the music for dancing, has Waring ” been a popular favorite throughout The loving cup is an original the music world The band’s ability Tiffany, New Yoik, pioduct, and to mix swing, sweet and a few mod IS made of solid sterling silver De- einistic classics have made it popu signed after an old English ale cup, lai on many of the college campuses it is about six inches in diameter throughout the country
for war The Red Cross makes Navy men The R B Wiley home is sweaters, mufflers, helmets and being used as a Navy hospital, and socks, and all of these must be care all the dressings are furnished by
fully SOI ted so that the Army does the local unit
not receive a shipment of navy blue Red Cross Helps Service Men sweateis and the Navy isn’t in Thiough the Red Cioss, the Navy suited with khaki muttleis men, and othei men in the service
Notices
Distinguished Students Those stud nts who made clislinLUishtd Iasi semester may call for then rcfuiulb ut the Cibhici t. oflice in the Administration buildiiu? —HoriLNBr Reservists All male stu 1 nts w]i have not yet cjmpUted the two yai basic nil itiry Jrainini, required for ^laduiticn ind are now members of the Na\al or Mai no Coips Roscive rt| rt t the Adj itant f fice Purdue Armu> fji impoitint infer matjon relative to yo ir status --RIORDAN Chemical Fngineers All tl ose lo iiois of membeishir in the AIChT ml all Ih e desirois of i sibsciiituT t the Cl ni and Met ma^a?!! e shoull eo to the mai office of the sehool this week —MURRII T Deliris Salesmen Del its business meet in Ihurslav J ly 2 has beti eanodl 1 there will 1 ui iiniortant m etiiL ol tli busino staff Phinsday J Ij ) t f i m 11 the office —Mel MJGIII llS Junior Ilowif/cr Squad rxecutivos M t inj? of th 1 r 1 m 1 w l/ei i 1 \ tiv M w I ly 7 ily 0 it 1 p i n i m 20 ofti Almiy V\NI)I lU ORIJ
EXCLUSIVE SUMMER FORMAL
WEAR
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
White Coats
' $16.50
Black Tropical Slax
$8.95
Shirts
$2.50
Tie-Handkorchiof Set
$1.00
Black Hose
$ .55
Rogers Men's
Wear
East Side Square
R I
and SIX handles
inches tall and has two
Classified Ads
Typewfiters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mime ograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2779 Money to loan on diamonds watcheB guns luggage typewriters Alberts Loan Office 407 Columbia Loat—A Dietzen commander drawing «et Reward Room W 2111 842} Naval Officers at University need fur nished homes oi apartments until Septem her or 1 mgei Please wiite details LtCoptdr H M TJart W Caiy Hall Lost—Pin Cadet win^s with safety guard Reward Mrs J W Beardsley Rm 282 W R H S Wanted—Ride t Evansville or vicinity, over 4th week en I Share expenses Mrs Abb^y WRH S Lost—Yelbw corduioy jacket in PE bldg Call Brophy 4051 Lost r id Waltham wn t watch on men s tennib urts Saturday J hone Bob Hadley 3801 Reward Lost Karpa Ali ha lluta pin Roberta Crai/ 1 hone (fl 4 Rtward ^or Kent Aiarlrnert dunnL July and Augi firm with j nvate bath Corp pletely furnished Phone 7''43 Lost Wabasl llqb Sel o 1 ring initials J K 11 Rcwaid I V Hofiman Phone 8483 *
AGCIDENISHtyiJHElilS
The committee which is in chaige of the prom auangements includes Ruth Fuel, Gene Katteijohn, pub licity, Maiy K Gee, Will Hiller, ticket sales, Cort Nelson Ted Chap man, decorations
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4(h and Mam Sts Lafayette
Lei’s Keep The Flap Flying BUY MORE U. S. WAR BONDS AND STAMPS Thieme & Wangerin
622-626 Main Slileet
./J
'/y/yk
Wherever he is be sure he fares well. A gift f from home or from the girl friend—-and hell know you’re thinking of him. We have an attractive selection for men in all branches of the service.
DECKER’S i ^ t li 518-20 Main Street Phone 5036
* 14
ill
H\
fMjiCEL£BM7£ 0£/B MP£P£BP£/ifeE hy Fighting To Keep It I Buy War Bonis and Sfamps for VictoryVictory Edition
Phoitograviire
i':.
Si"/
As We See It
Pictured on this page are scenes taken from the many defense projects now being conducted Oh the'campus and throughout the nation. Since the.
Dedicatiott of the new Navy Electricians School in the quadrangle at Cary Hall. Listed from left to right are Commarider Heslar, President Elliott, Lt. Commander Hart, M. R. Parks (representing Mayor Keim) and Prof. C. W. Beese
Hotel P. U./' which will be used in the training of civilians in fire control by the Chemical Warfare School at the University. Before a student can complete his training at the school he must show his adeptness at fire control by extinguishing the flames, set to the building, within fifteen minutes.
Eyes right as President Elliott and Governor Henry Schricker (from left to right) and reviewing officers of the United States Army Fifth Corps Area inspect the entire University ROTC Corps of over 2,000 men. This corps yearly receives the "excellent" rating in competition with such organizations throughout the nation.
Future Air Corps pilots are the CAA boys, who take their preliminary flying training here at the University airport while they are still attending school. In acordance with an agreement these men sign when they start on their civilian pilot training they are in the air corps reserve as soon as they complete the course^
Nev/ designs in homes for defense workers has been fhe main problem of the University's Research Foundation since the outbreak of hostilities at Pearl Harbor. Pictured above is the most recent product of the foundation's efforts. This home is made almost entirely out of non-essential materials and is designed so that it will withstand ground shocks from demolition bombs. . -
All over the world graduates and former students of the University are flying planes like these. These students have forfeited their chance of furthering their education to enlist in the Army, the Navy, and the Marines and defend our democracy against the forces of dictatorship. i
Toughening up for service in the armed forces of the United States is fhe aim of these studepts who three times a week spend an hour of their time running over the physical education department's new obstacle course. The tires shown in this view of the course, which
includes an eight foot wall and ^ numerous other obstacles, have „ ^
recently been donated to the f
scrap rubber drive.
War convocations and other gatherings of the sfudent body are held in the spacious Music Hall located on the left in this picture. The building seats approximately 7,000 and houses University bands and musical organizations. From the basement of this building radio programs of WBAA carry the voice of the University to all corners of the state. On the right in this picture is the Executive building which houses the executive offices and is the nerve center of the'University.
University Military Band shown here marching along Main street in Lafayette, has more than done its part for national defense. Since the war began the Band has traveled extensively in the middle-west playing at recruiting,, USO, and bond sales drives. The band took part in the bond drive at Indianapolis which was the last public appearaince of Carol Lombard.
Experiments in the improvement of grains and farm animals are continually being carried out in the University farm buildings .From the work done on the south campus come new and better ways to produce food for the nation at war. This research is not limited fo the campus but, it is also carried ori in many etxensioh experimental farms throughout the state.Thursday, July 2, 1942' '
Sill
(;
C
MriV 28, the first group JO v.cst coast sailors ari a( liio University to be- [ i'oi,!r-month-training pe- ;> ■ ruival electricians. The ( ;. ,'ly iiad originally been 1 1.0 make arrangements ail! 0,000 men, but while >.s Jou.nd that this would lipofsilde there were faes for ap]3roximately a i.-iiiiors to bep,'ill studies. Aetdiupany Sailors .duiai.'uvi ina Uk! .sailors were a i.r (;vc rifivnl oniceiis, irieliKlL(. Goiumaiuior Nonweiler, 0 ; ry coriimaiidiug olllcer, who ill's lojjlaeed by Lt. Gomman:u 1:. Qua i ters w,ei-o set up in Hail and tlie sailors quickly O'J Iboni.selves I'.o their new UK of an early morning rise c.'! by . physical exercise, i'asi,. class, lunch, class, din- ■ ndy, aiid lights out. All naval lies are, done strictly under iiiililary supervi,sion and disci-
y7’i ' clas.-cs are set up so that 1 G, i-day a lest is given over the r I ■ : :al, rovei'ed during’ the- finweek. Incentive to study was iv'';i Id Itie .'aiiors by oli'ei’ing the ” i)'. ' acli'olastically ranking stu- ■ .'ds at the end of the period ranks ■" ui Uy oiilcci s, Vi’itli increases of ay '.V, r tlie common seaman. The .inaiiiing '.';raduates will go into r. .' I rvice at; assistant eloctrician’.s
diiclals Sjicak
-navy electrical training ad '.’Oi.: officially commissioned \i\ ■>v!ic!i a gi'niip of townsyjoob- y alh'. red to witness its dedica- ;■ I- K - p.'iii of the cei'omony the ■ !o: ill wldie unifoi'ins, sang a -■w rini'ii'd rong.s and speeches ■-S ' nuK'i.,- |jy Di’. Elliott, I^rof. C. /. i-b -.-e, the dii’cctor of civilian I fi'U.sf liaining, Mayor Killian of aiay' tic, Morris R. Parks, repre.nh.-," jVIayui- J'ieini of West I,ai;.' Ke.. tornmander Ilcslar, and Lt.
11.inlander Hart.
By Bob Boswiiikle Typical of the multitude of retired seamen who before Pearl Har1/or were soi-enoly spending their various day's at their inland homes mowing their various lawns is Chief Boatswain’s Mato Thomas William Gardnier, now stationed at Gary Hall West. However, this account of Mr. Gardnier, because of stubborn refusal to talk' about himself, will not come close to justifyingTis colorful nautical career. During the interview he said, “I don’t like publicity, and besides Pd be called a liar if I got to telling about some of the things ll’ve seen.” Tom Serves in Three Wars i Tom, a.s he Js called by the numerous sea farin’ men with whom he swaps, stories of the sea, has .spent 30 years in the service of his country, during which time he has served in three wars. There was one incident that the veteran mentioned. It happened during the first, fev/ years he had been in the Navy wlien his ship went to Asia minor. It was during the 'rurkish Armenian affair, but then Tom remembered that he wasn’t supposed to be talkin’. Receives Initiation We mentioned something about going acros.s the equator and he be- , gan telling about the cei'craony that wont on the-first time he went down, undei’. . It seems that the executive ofllcej- liad never been dovyn that far .south either and he was the fii.”.'>t to got the initiation. No grease, ducking in the salt v/at.cf or other rough treatment was spared. This was one day that rank meant nothing. Many others followed and Tom Gardnici’ .was one of them. Gad, but that was long ago. His dutie.s with Ihe sailors is in a ‘‘big; hi other” capacity. He has the ncnjdiilic gobs (io\‘;n to hi.s room two or three .at a ti.lie.when be sees tliat thing:: ai.in’t goiifig right. In tlie word:-: of Tmu liiiinself, “The boy:; don’t do any tiling bad. It’.sju:;t things that they wouldn’t dare dowiien they get on board a ship.
Leaving- their ‘cldthe.s adrift’ or forgetting to make their beds are typical offenses.” Joins Colors in 1898 It was in 1898 that Gardnier first joined- the colors. The country was calling for volunteers, for this was the time of tluv Siianish-American War. Teddy Roosevedt and hi.s hoys were galloping all over Cuba and the government was asking for boys to help. After three and a half yeai's in the Army, Gardnier enlisted in the Navy. His naval career lasted uninterrupted from 1902 until 1929, when ho was retired. During his 27 years in the Navy, the Chief Petty Officer v/as on numerous' ships. The. Utah was one of the first. She was a sailing ve.ssel, because sailing vessels v/ere still being used then, The gunboat, New Port; the cruiser, Montana; and the battle' ship, Louisiana, are just a few of the ships he has. served on. Has-Home in Illinois / Tom Gardnier’:-; wife live.s in Pekin, Illinois. He didn’t marry until he v/as serving his Ta.st portion of Service in the Navy. Ho doesn’t believe that a sea farin’ man has any businc,ss getting a wife until he stops being a sea farin’ man. He’d still be in Pekin, takiiq.®care of his g'ardcn and' going fishing’, but with the r-meak attack on Sunday, December. 7,'fom Gai’diiier was like the old fire horse that has heard the boll. Content To Be Here He became enthusiastic and was waiting only to pa.ss his phy.sical before going into action. Asked if he hoped to go to sea again, the Chief Petty Officei’ replied that ho was as content at l.ho' USS Cary Hall West a.s he would he at sea, just .so that thei'G wei’o. men of the sea to whom he -^uld talk. He fcel.s that he can best serve hi.s country by tolhr'ving; all his ordor.s and giving the boys h'dpfid bits of advice. Such is the man -vvho is typical of the old timers for whom tlu! country ha.s found a definite need.
Initiates Fourteen Alpha Phi Omega pledges and actives held this semester’s initiation last Saturday and Sunday at Cary Camp, after a .sixteen mile hik'e via the long route. A short meeting called by President Dean Wilbur welcomed new honorary faculty advisors and scouting advisor into the organization. . The following men were.initiated: Kenneth Elliott, Leslie Fleck, Jr., John Gosswein, Francis Guppenborg’fu’, William McCullough, Robert Pielstecker, Ronald Cox, Andrew Schevtchuk and Robert Uhl. .
(Continued from page 1) chinery repair schools in all corners of the state and have published and distributed large numbers of posters designed to portray the' idea of “Keep’Em Rolling’”. . Another important phase of the Food for Freedom program is the victory gai’dens ■which have received much publicity during recent months. Through this program farmers are urged to do more home canning in order that more commercial canned goods may be available for the army or fob civilians who don’t have a garden. Pressure On Dairymen Milk and dairy products are one of our basic foods and the increased demands brought about by the ’war and increased exports have placed a heavy loud on the backs of the nation’s dairy farmers., The dairy extension men arc in close touch with the situation and through a series of metings, news articles, radio talks, transcriptions, and other forms of communications they are continually advising farmers as to the recommended practices and the new developments in the dairy industry. In the swine extension program emphasis has been placed on more efficient production. County meetings hai/e been held, additional publicafions have been printed, radio talks have been given, newspaper articles have been written and liardly any of The available means have been negiocted in the elFort to acquaint the farmers with the proper information and recommendations necessary for the efficient production of pork,; Poultry Needs Increased Large increases have been asked for in poultry and poultry products to meet the needs of the Pood for Freedom program in 19-12. In most cases lhe.se demands are being met, and the poultry men are busy developing new and disease resistant •strains and breeds and uevcloping new methods of handling the iierishable products. The dried egg industry has sprung up and, in addition to lowering the shipping space required and degree of perishability, it promises,to be a permanent development for the future.
Campaigns have been organized to help control the cost of living and particular attention has been focused upon the necessity of controlling fires and preventing large wastes of-wood and materials which are necessary in the Food for Freedom program. One of the more recent developments that promises to have farreaching affects on the agricultural extension set not only in the present emergency but also in. the years to come, is the new plan of neighborhood leaders. Under this plan rural areas are divided into neighboi’hoods or small groups of from five to fifteen families, located closely together and in so far as possible grouped in the -way they Avould normally “neighbor” for visiting, exchanging work and other associations* Neighborhood Leaders Will Serve It is expected that the neighborhood leaders will serve as contact personnel for their respective small groups in all government wartime programs of particular interest to the rural districts such as arrangements for trucking service, fire prevention, agricultural price ceilings and other problems of that nature. The services listed here are only a small part of the vast program
under way to assure the productiOtt, of enough food" for the Food for,/ Freedom program. Quotas fpr agricultural products are bein^ met ,i?nd extension men are constantly hold^*' ingt meetings in all Corhers of the state in order that they may meet with the farmers and discuss their problems. , ; The agricultural departments form one link of chain connecting the 48 state departments -with the Department of Agriculture in Washington. The state organization -works through county, local and more recently neighborhood leaders thus forming a nation-wide hookup of farmers who are determined to bock up Secretary of Agriculture Claude Wickard’s statement that “Food will win the war and write the peace.” Bud Roderick . . . and his orchestra from Illinois University returned to the Ideal Beach Ballroom Monday to begin a two week engagement. In addition to the regular dances every night and Sunday afternoon, Roderick will play a special matinee dance this Saturday afternoon. The evening dance will begin thirty minutes earlier.
Had’s PlacR so HANDY
Gallon 15c BUTTERSCOTCH REVEL Ice Cream Pint- 20c Other flavors 17c pint
SOX AllVI! Gay Patterns for All Summer Occasions Sox alive is right! Alive with the b r i gh test, clearest, most vivid colors and patterns that ever delighted a childs’ heart. We bought a lot—both cotton and i*ayon so that we can offer them at the very special price of
622-626 Main Street
o Soitilnvorth'
Co’.’c-i’iiei’ Schi’icker recently reapj ijoiiited two of the three members <■: iiie hoard of tru.stee.s wlio.se terms iiMl I’iidi’d. William A. Hanley of indl.aiiarioli.s and Paul B, Sturm of Dana were two members of the boaiii who received reappointment.s. Coi: .John W. Wheeler of. Crown Point who is in military service was /■at’ceeded by Loui.s Ruthenbui’g of E’/a:if;viiic’.
TO PERSONALIZE ITS. SERVICE TO YOE, YET
TO OFFER YOU THE LARGEST STOCK OF
a mighty important part in the Nation’s War Effort—and the garage is going to play an important part in keeping your car running throughout the duration. Remember—
% t: /^|‘ii/ h 1 '^^1 “■ ’ j :^nMt "f % ^ j(^ W ^ 1* ‘ , , ^ } I
iM t'A * ~tr '•*# I in. _ ^ ^ L-. A, _ I ' f I .
Th^tBday^ July 2, 1942
Purdue Exponent
' '' ' * -4/' ''' > t'^ t^ftlllf mSS-^ M Im f
< ^^
Services Offer Comm issions
'^'V
Navy V-5, V-7 Programs Train Upperclassmen Navy V-5 and V-7, the Navy's program for college students which provides for' deferment until graduation, promises all juniors and seniors an ensign’s commission upon graduation if they take advantage of the plan.' Until recently, these plans were filled by men enlisted in class V-1 which was composed of freshmen and sophomores. V-7 trains regular Naval officers,
while V-5 trains Naval Air Corps officers.
Applicants to class V-7 must be at least juniors in college, unmarried, and between 19 and 28 yeaijs of age. Upon Navy’s flight training centers , ,r ,, ... , ,, , providing he can pass both the phygraduation they will be called gicaj menta'l examinations for into active service and given prospective aviation officers, commissions as Ensigns. After Finish Second Year
a short training school, they will be
Candidates for the V1 classifica-
dptafled to line duty in the USNR. ^he Navy com-
petitive examination will be allowed
The details for V-5 are similar, except that when training school is completed, the young Ensign is in
the Naval Air Corps.
Revisions in the V-6 plan make it possible for a candidate who does not lemain in college foi two yeais 01 who fails to pass the V-1 classification examination with a sufficiently high grade to go to one of
to finish their second calendar year, now equivalent to approximately three school yeais on the University speedup. Through nation-wide cooperation with its piesent program, the Navy hopes to commission a minimum of 36,000 officeis a year for duty with the Naval Aii Force and the fighting units at sea.
University Physicists Conduct Vital Research Projects Numerous small placards, which confront all who attempt to enter the physics laboratories, alone must tell the story of the conversion of the University research laboratories to war vHork. Behind those businesslike no admission signs, patient scientists today are conducting research projects vital to the nation’s war effort. Mathematicians iu the physics department, under the direction of Dr. Schwinger, have now turned their resources to working mathematical calculations which will be of value to naval and air navigation. This entire group has already left the University for an undisclosed destination where they will devote their full time to this project. All of accoustical, X-ray, spectroscopy, and electronic equipment is now being used in the physics laboratories on government projects, likewise, is now operated behind closed doors. With the arrival of the company of naval electriciai.s at the University, a special wiring labor atoiy was installed on the third floor of the
Ordnance
U.S.Armylnsfifufesy^,i,g„*^Qi, Legion Post
Enlisted Reserve For University Men
(Continued from page 1) includes mathematics, engineering materials, manufacturing processes, sketching, blue print reading and machine tool operation. Also on the program for the first six weeks, wWlch are supposed to be the harfiest, is a regular Saturday morning machine shop lab. This lab, or rather the time at which it comes, especially delights the women who are enrolled in the course. The final six weeks are spent in doing the kind of work the graduates of the course expect fo do as junior ordnance inspecjtors—^measuring and checking dimensions to see that the war materials proddced by the factories to 'ivhich they We assigned come up to all specifications. I , physics building. This laboratorjgives the attending seamen some practical experience in conjunction with electrical theory before leaving school to go to work on the “real thing”. In order to meet the growing demand for more thoroughly trained personnel in the field of electronics, the physics department has introduced several additional courses in both elementary and advanced electronic theory and measurements.
Students Allowed To Finish School
By Ellis MoPphy
Post No. 11 of the American Legion, located in Lafayette, has taken a leading role in the community's national war efforts, The post, with the aid of its auxiliary, started things
Follhwing the lead of the Na\T, off with a very successful drive to .sell war bonds and stamps.
The local legionnaires have gained national prominence be-.
cause of the local blood banks, originated by the Forty and Eight Club of Post 11. After participating in the drive for blood to be put into the Red Cross blood bank, the Forty and Eight started a drive of their own to get blood for
Marines, and other branches of the armed forces' jn their cut-throat competition for getting more educated men for officers, the U. S. Army has recently instituted the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps. This plan has been started in order to allow those mgp with a sufficient amount of intelligence to qualify for commissions to remain in college until their formal education is com-
pleted.
Survival of the Fit
The army’s new plan, based on
Marine Corps Reserves Finish College Training
pitals.
Blood Sent to Battle Front
You’ll Want Plenty of Sports Clothes! July 4th is the real opening of the Sumnier Season—start it off with two grand days of fun and fiolic. Swim, dance, play golf or do whatever you desire. Palm Beach Ties $1.00 up Sport Shirts $1.35 up Dress Shirts $1.85 up Summer Pajamas $1.65 up Swim Trunks $1.95 up Slacks $4.00 up Sweaters $2.50 up Edgerton Sport Shoes $6.50 to $8.50
Patronize Exponent
Advertisers
Majestic Furnaces and Will-Burt Stokers
F. H. Speaker & Son
Phone 4976 119 E. State St.
given.
Notice
Gold & Black officials are needed. Anyone wishing to officiate fraternity Gold & Black games call 2875. Officials will be paid for working these games.
COOL
SUMMER SUITS Get set for a cool, eonifoi table, well dressed summer, Geisler’a Suits have what it takes in style and quality. Regardless of the iiriee you waul to pay you’ll find your summer suit in our huge selection including: Palm Beach, Clipper Craft, Varsity Town, Geisler’s Varsity, and Hart, Schaffner and Marx Clothes. Come in today!
Marine Corps officers, while on
the campus last spring, signed a banks which are located in local hos-
number of men as privates first class in the Marine Corps Reserve. These men, taking advantage of an
the survival of the fittest methods enlisted reserve plan similar to that obtained for the Red so often encountered during war of the Army, are now finishing their Cross will go to the battle front to times, will grant deferment only to four years at the University prep- w-ounded soldiers while
those students enrolled in the Re- aratory to further training and
serve, who remain in school until eventual commissions in the Marine ^ 'I*®* their graduation. And in ease the Corps. earthquake, tomastudent should fail to pass the aca- Upon receiving diplomas, the men bombing raid hits Lafayette demie examination given to all ap- will report for three months’ train- vicinity. Other Legion posts plicants, or fail in too many of his ing as a private first class. Sue- ^he nation have writcourses, he is liable to feel pressure cessful candidates will then be given Post 11 to ask for the from the Secretary of War in Wash- an intensive three months’ training of organization of these loington putting him in the army as as commissioned second lieutenants blood banks, a private. jn the Marine Corps before being A large percentage of the regisBranches of Army open to col- assigned to active duty for the du- trais working in the local draft lege students under this plan are the ration of the war. Unsuccessful boards are legionnaires. Several Signal Corps, the Air Corps, or candidates will continue on active members of Post 11 are taking acUnassigned Seivices. Those in the duty as enlisted men in another tive part in the drive for scrap rubunassigned branch will leceive branch of the Marine Corps Re- ^^r that is going on at the present further tiaining after graduation in seive, or discharged, depending up- tim'e. Another one of their activithe field they have chosen. on the orders of the Commandant, ties is that of honorary military Provision is made, however, that Men are enlisted foi the Reserve firing squad at the futhe War Department may call men from all four classes. Immediately the boys who have been enrolled under this plan to active upon enlistment, they receive draft ^'^ty in World War II and duty at any time if the need is exemption, and will not noimally he Lafayette great. called for active duty until after burial. The legionnaires have
graduation. Should exigencies of funerals — war necessitate their being called to active duty before graduation, at Last January the American Leleast six months’ notice will be gion, with the aid of some other
civic organizations, sponsored a navy recruiting rally in the Music Hall. According to Post Commander Heiman Schmitz, this was one of the most successful rallies in the
middle west.
The members of Legion Post 11 have made many plans for the future. They have sent three of their members, Dale Westner, Joe Smith, and Fred Mathews, to Indianapolis to take a special air raid wardens’ course, and these three men are now qualified as instructors in the duties of an air raid warden. Buying a Disaster Truck At the present time the Legionnaiies are bu3ring and equipping a |3,500 disaster truck which will be capable of giving service in any kind of emergency. The truck carries a crew of 37 first aid workers and auxiliary police. It is equipped with first aid materials, picks and shovels, food lations and a fairly powerful ladio which may he used to broadcast instructions to men working in emergencies such as air raids, fii es, floods and tornados. The truck will be put on display when it is
fully equipped.
One hundred and fifty legionnaiies aie taking courses in first aid and in auxiliary police work, and ten aze taking a special radio operators course so that they will be leady to make up crews for the
disaster truck.
Acting as a national organization, the American Legion is going to sponsor a diive to collect old, broken and used phonograph records in the latter pait of July and the first part of August. Legion Post 11 has laid tentative plans to conduct a door to door campaign to collect lecords at this time. In addition to the activities mentioned, the legionnaiies are investing all of their excess money in war bonds and
stamps.
e • •
For TIRF LESS DAYS
You Need Tireless Feet Phone 4073 and onr truck will stop at your home for
your dry cleaning.
CROWN LAUNDRY
Fine Cleaners of Fine Clothes
USE OUR BUDGET PLAN
Prices start at.
19
.50
bture Hours Week Duya li 10 A M to 10 P M Suturdays tlnltl 6 00 P M
For
4th of July
Picnics
Tempting Pies Enjoy the holiday by relaxing away from the kitchen. Solve your holiday dessert problem by ordering a pie from us. They’re the ideal thing for picnics for they pack so easily. Pies on Two Hours’ Notice GLEASON’!; PIE BAKERY
Phone 6839
211 South St.
Alpha Zeta
. . . agiicultural honorary, recently announced the following pledges: seniors: C. R. Coleman, G. J. Duffy, B. B. Fee, H. D. Fulmer, H. L. Kilgore, D. F. LaMaster, W. A. Stover and S. W. Watts. Juniors selected for the organization were F. Bass, D. E. Butz, R. E. Howes, R. R. McKee and F. E. Skinner.
ACGIDENFa HELP THE AXIS
NMKiNJn ultn couNcaV
’ ^ II
' I
Ct" / ^
’“-AV3'\’,,;i
' 'i ^ f ^ ^ '■ 1 ^ i^\? (
......
;?#«» «
Purdue Exponent . Thursday, July 2^ 1942
M
pr-
eese
c,
|;^p'' lit ife
Men
In Vital War Work New Fellowshiij 6iVeri Oh Synthetic Rubber In “no admittance” rooms
and behind steel barricades in
ing with the activity of the forty or more people in adminis- Chemistry Building, 44
etion
Birfect contact with the government in regard to War training at the University aiid throughout the state is maintained by the rapidly expanding Engineering, Science, Management Defense Training department here, under the direction of Prof. C. W. Beese. Occupying almost the entire second floor of the Service and Stores building, the ESMDT office is buzz-
trative capacities of the pro
gram in this state.
Expanded a year ago an Washington, ESMDT operates in connection with 190 universities throughout the country, and the department here is second largest in the United States,
880 Classes In Past Year
The University’s program is being carried out now with classes offered in 61 cities throughout Indiana. Eight hundred and eighty classes have been started during the past year, 43 of which are conducted here, and 22,700 people were
enrolled.
Main purpose of the program now is to train people for jobs in industry in connection with the war effort. The courses offered most gener’ally are all types of engineering, advanced and basic, and studies of manufacturing processes and management. Recruited From Industry Instructors in other cities are principally men recruited from industry who have garnered practical expenence in various fields. The office conducts two programs, one for ESMDT and one for the sailors on the campus. At the present time 14 signal corps officers and two USNR officers are here taking a 12 weeks’ course in high frequency courses. Twenty-five Naval officers will arrive to begin a study of Diesel Engineering on Monday. Other Classes Also under the direction of Prof. Bdese, vocational shop, welding, and machine shop courses are being taught to 267 townsmen in both day and night courses. Thirty-four thousand man hours of training have already been finished in these
courses.
In other cities 10 weeks’ full time courses for high school seniors are being given in drawing, chemistry, math, physics, and engineering materials and processes. :
'P/soiF- .
June the first group of 200 sailors arrived to begin the four month course. The program has recently been expanded and from now on
men are engaged in full time experimentation on products vital to the nation’s war eff ore. This contingent of “men behind the guns”, some of whom have been imported from other colleges and universities to partake in the work here, is taking into consideration every major chemical problem'—organic, in'organic, theoretical and productive. Plans have already been laid to increase the research staff to 67 in the near future, a rnove which has been preceded by the University’s transferring several chemistry pi'ofessors to offices in other buildings in order to facilitate and make room for the chemical projects which now have A-1 priority rating. Full Time Effort Exemplifying the work now being carried on in the labs is the full time effort being expended by two
New BuHding Will House Structures Testing Plant
, ; By Walt Ral'.ert t . * i.
With necessity and lack of time having the upper hand oyer priorities; the new aeronautics laboratory being constructed at the southeast corner of the MechanicabEngineering Building is being rushed to completion through “mass production methods” that have seen workmen' literally “swarming over. the rising walls” since the steam-shovel first made its surprise appearance May 7, and concrete forms were poured several days later. . , ' justified by the probability that the use of critical construction materials will indirectly ———— ————
be compensated for by the results of the research to be conducted there, the new building will be regarded as the campus headquarters for tests being conduc^ed for the government in the field of aerodynamics, flight
New Aeronautics Laboratory
IBI
275 .sailors will arrive per month, professors and three research fel--so'that there is a likelihood that lows, who are being sponsored by a
the maximum number of sailors in training here will reach 1100. A number of commissjoned army and navy men are taking a course in ulrta-high frequency radio, and starting Monday a course irt diesel engine operation will be given to about 25 navy men. The Civilian
Protection School, in charge of the because of the numerous applicawar department and directly admin- tions of the 300,000 organic comistered by chemical warfare service pounds. A synthetic menthol procofficers, serves the fifth, sixth and ess developed here by Dr. H. B. seventh defense regions, a territory Hass, head of the Chemistry De-
recently established synthetic rubber fellowship. These five men are now devoting their labors to the solving and alleviation of, the critical rubber problem.'now confronting
dur nation. .
More work is being done in. the organic labs than in other branches
covering 16 middle western states.
Elliott
War Effort
partment, and A. L. Barney, research fellow, is now being widely used by tire Army and Navy for
cold I’emedies.
Gas Developed Here On the offensive pha.se of the war a gas which causes weeping and vomiting is being made fronrnitromethane. Chloropicrin, the name given to the gas, was developed in
the labs here.
(Continued from page 1) lished ROTC oi'dnance unit. At the May commencement exercises about 170 students were commissioned as Second Lieutenants and sent to various camps throughout the country; also, 84 students who had taken a special flight trainingcourse received commissions in the Naval Reserve. Students registered under the
(Continued from page 1) constantly on the move to and from Washington appearing before congressional committees or attending meetings of the National Resources Planning Board of which he is a
member.
Good Contact Man order to safeguard these vital “The effect of having a good con- workers and labs, seven steel bartact man in Washington is already ricades have been erected in stratefelt,” says Frank Hockema, assist- gic parts of the building where the ant to the president. “If the Uni- more dangerous experimentation versity wants information concern- takes place. The, importance of this ing NYA, Enlisted Reserve or some experimentation can be further recother phase of defense work, they ognized if one passes by the buildcontact Dr. Elliott and he^ contacts ing, for armed guards are now on the proper authorities and forwards duty at all times, the information desired.”
testing and aircraft engines. Expansion of this work is contemplated as soon as military restrictions permit. The new lab is scheduled to house projects already being conducted by members of the Aeronautical Engi-' neering staff, in regard to aerody'iiamics and aircraft structures. A large amount of space for aeronautical engineering is available at the airport whei-e the flight research and aircraft engines laboratories are being completed. First Floor The first floor of the new campus building will be devoted to aerodynamics and will provide for enlargement of the pre.sent ten-square-foot wind tunnel, which is driven by the . 90 horsepower Dodge fluid-drive engine and which gives a throat velocity of 130 to 140 miles per hour and accommodate.s airplane modeks of three-foot wingspan. Provi.sions have been niade for impi-oving the range of the balances for this tunnel so that work of technical importance may be done and junior and senior aeronautics students can become familiar with the processes used in wind tunnel testing. For the present, the laboratory at the airport will house the principal aeronautical drafting rooms,with equipment that includes 60 drawingboards of a new' variety, a lofting room and a recitation room accommodating 50 students.
War Fashions Call For Slim Silhouettes Slim silhouettes, the new wartime style, will make University coeds at least appear more slender next winter. The eds will no longer have, room to complain about the “heavy dates” and the like since Uncle Sam has decreed a ban on very full skirts, huge pockets, wide hems and other design features calling for an unnecessarily large amount of material; however, the possibility of skirts getting shorter
is doubtful.
Women’s clothes will not only be
Half In Operation By Fall The aii’craft engine laboratory is scheduled 4o be half in operation by fall. Preliminary tests have already been run. In these the installation compared favorably with the equipment of most commercial engine companies and showed features not found in commercial laboratories, such as a new fuel measuring system developed by Prof. Joe Liston and F. M. Crosby, who used the-project in preparation for his Ma.ster’s degree. Research now under way includes studies leading to improved construction of plywood airplanes. Test.s are now being- conducted by R. L. Dickinson, aeronautics instruc, under the direction of Prof. E. F. Bruhn. The scope of the tests w'ill be enlarged in the new laboratory.
made of less material, but they will be of synthetic materials to replace silk that is already gone and wool that i!3 rapidly disappearing. Jacket dresses will supply extra warmth.
Styles Slimmer
Courses in remodeling of outmoded garments are already increasing in-importance as women begin to. reuse old materials w'hen they can no longer purchase new materials. Prices have risen so high on both ready made goods and materials that not only style but also budgets -W'ill be decidedly* slimmer. Most women will have fewer clothc.s during the war because materials are expensive and hard to get. The choice of clothes will also be limited; there, will be fewer style.s to
choose froin.
Lack of variety in styles will be mot by a concentration on interesting color effects a-pd attention to^letails such as embroidery, applique
triifiming and beaded effects. Twotone color effects will be seen as the designers seek to gain intere.stihgdesign through color, rather than material. The color range will be limited because of the use of dye chemicals in making materials of war. Many of the shades popular with women have already disappeared to paint the Japs in their true colors. Coeds will be walking around in pooi'cr quality shoes with thinner .soles ami in a much smaller variety of styles because the boys in khaki are walking around in about 80 per cent of the leather produced in the United Sfato.s. Some of the coeds are already answering this by wearin,g .shoes that don’t have much to them- anyway. Everyone is asked not to buy clothes that arc not needctl and to conserve what is already on hand.
“MEET ME WALGREEN’S”
DELICIOUS FOOD REFRESHING TREATS MODERATELY PRICED
J
Thjs service. which is available
Selective Service Act are required to all the colleges of the nation is to take the physical preparedness much quickeiy and more efficient coui-ae, PEM 12. In addition to Red than underlie old system .where Cross clashes, which are open to each collegfe worked on its own both -vyomen .students and towns- initiativ^ By communicating with people, .special defense classes in Presi^it Elliott, many of the trips motor repair,’Morse code and pistol to Ypshington have been eliminatshooting have been organized for ed thus saving rubber and shipping the coeds. spade-for vital war work. Also this Training Spreads Over State move helps to alleviate the conluThe whole'of the academic train- red tape in the capital ing is of a scientific and technical that accompanies the war program, nature, so, in addition to graduating Hockema Acting President soldiers, the University is training During the President’s absence, its students every day to take pait affairs of the University will be
in the defense effort. Not only ^toes
a special committee
the University tiain stu ents m of Prof. F. C. Hockema, vital defense courses, but it also president, R. B. trains thousands pf people through- controller; Dean A. A. Pot-
ter, dean of the Schools of Engi-
If. Alfwyn B. Williamson Receives Army Promotion - The commanding officer of the
36th Field Artillery at Fort Brag.g-, N. G., recently announced the promotion of First Lieutenant Allwyn B. Williamson, Battery Commander of Second Battalion Headquarters. Battei-y of the regiment, fi-om the
grade of Second Lieutenant. Lieutenant Williamson is.-a native,
of Valparaiso, Indiana, and the son of Mr. and Mrs. M. R. Williamson,
809 Jefferson Street, Valparaiso.
out the state and conducts extensive
research projects.
The increasingly important problem of nutrition and proper foods is well covered by the Schools of Home Economics and Agriculture. Special nuti-ition classes and canteen work aie given by the home ec school to women of the vicinity, while, working through the Agi-i-cultuire Experiment Station and the Agriculture Extension Service, the ag school has taken the leafl in the state “Food for Freedom” cam-
paign.
Vital Research - Research work vital to defense is constantly carried on in the departments of ehemisti-y and physics and by the various engineering schools. Money for these projeet.s/is supplied through the University Research F^oundation., A recent developnient of the housing research division of this foundation is the war worker’s house, inexpensive in construction and designed to withstand bomb shock. Under the Engineering Science Manageme.nt Defense Training prograin 880 classes have been conducted in 85 Indiana cities during the p^t year. 22,700 persons have received training in these classes. ■ Another aspect of the campus war pi'ograih are the special classes being cphdqcted for army and navy men, This spring the University -was commissioned as a training sehooi tor naval electricians and in
neering, and H. J. Reed, dean of the School of Agriculture.
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
Go Bowling TONIGHT! ^ Inexpensive ^ Excitement 'jAr Exercise ^ F..UN! . Spend cool afternoons ment of Union'
YOU'RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WAICREEH’S 410 Main Street
Line after line---Strike after strike summer in tile basethe PURDUE at the
Keep Fresh and Cool in Clothes Cleaned by JEST SlOf ^ Always keep your wardrobe in condition. Regular cleaning helps c)othes to last longer and they will always he ready to wear.
NorlhweBtern at Vine
Phone 4081
WlmufiioL lAnimL Just take a walk through the building!
"Bow Bro" 4.9i ^
«,. ii
"Shiired Flare" 7.SO
The new Jontzen "Lostex" yarn fobriss moke every girl 0 glamour girl—the new Jontzen $ilhouettes bring rbmonco into the picture-^the new Jontzen bra-lifting technique mokes oil bustlines young and beautiful — the new Jontzen foundation control takes in oil the diaphragms, all the waistlines, oil the hips at sea. DECKER’S INC. 518-20 Main .. . Phone 508G