^ t ^
*(? j
^ V/r ,i’^,>V
^ iJ*
-It*
The Washington ^
f-Go-Round
Meny-
By Drew Pearson Congress Expecl-ed To Break Lehman, Hull Deadlock Soon WASHINGTON —The deadlock between Secretary Hull and ex-Gov. Lehman of New York, over the administration of foreign relief is expected to be broken by Congressional action sdon. This is one of the first things to come before Congress and will also test out Republicans as to whether they will go along with the lofty principles of woidd cooperation espoused at Mackinac Island. Congress will be asked to authorize a new international agency probably called the United National Relief and Rehabilitation Administration. *^On its executive committee will sit representatives of Great Britain, Russia and China, as well as an American chairman. The White House has already given private assurances to Gov. Lehman that he will be made chairman. To this end, Lehman shortly will resign as head of the Foreign Relief and Rehabilitation Administration, where 'he has not been happy since it was placed under the State Department. Lehman has felt that the State Department was a policy organization, not geared for administrative functions, and that his work had bogged down. In the last war, Herbert Hoover’s food administration functioned as a separate agency, and the new international organization to be created by Congress will also be independent, though Lehman is anxious to cooperate with the State Department on all policy matters. NOTE: Isolationist GOP Senator Vandenberg, of Michigan, vigorously opposed to U. S. committments for post-war relief two months ago, has now been won over by Assistant Secretary of State Dean Acheson and will support the new Lehman oi’ganization when it is debated on the Senate floor. Russians Disappointed Eagle-eyed Senator Bill Danger, of North Dakota, has just come back from a trip through Alaska, during which he probed into a lot more than the average junketing Congressman. ' One thing he looked into was the shipment of airplanes to Russia via Alaska. It is no longer a military secret that U. S. planes are being delivered by this Siberian Great Circle route, and Senator Langer diopped in for a chat with two Russians who were piloting planes across the Bering Straits. One was Col. P. S. Kisilev, chief of the Russian military mission in Fairbanks; the other, Technical Sargeant Inspector George A. Timofiev. Both expressed indignation that the United States had not lived up to its agreement regarding plane deliveries. “When Harry Hopkins was in Moscow,” complained Col Kisilev, “he promised us a certain number of planes per month. But we have not been getting them. The most we ever got was about 80 per cent during August. And they are all fighters. We need also big bombers.” The Russians felt that the United States should live up to the promises or not promise at all. MerrywGo-Round The Louisiana Delegation in Congress isn’t too keen about the appointment of Judge Dawkins to fill the circuit court judgeship which Jimmy Allred of Texas didn’t get. j\pparently, Judge Dawkins was too tough with the Huey Long crowd. ... Justice Department officials still say that of all the judicial candidates coming before them recently, Judge Allred was the best qualified. Republican politics plus howls from Louisiana defeated him. .. . Among the canniest officials of OCD is Stanley McCandless, on leave from Yale University. At Yale, he was a stagelighting expert. With OCD, he is a black-out expert. ... At the Mayflower cocktail lounge, Honduran Ambassador Julian Caceras got stuck in an arm chair, and waiters had to pull the chan oif of the Ambassador’s rotund form. (Copyright 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) Glider Club Will Hold Open Meeting Tonight Glider Club will hold an opeii meeting tonight at 7:30 in the West Faculty Lounge. Membership procedure will be explained and applications for membership this semester will be accepted at this meeting only. Colored movies of the club’s past activities will be shown. The program for the semester includes daily flight and ground instruction. A new Cinema II soaring glider has just been completed by the club which now operates two soaring gliders, two tow-cars and the towing winch.
Established 1889
Stalin in Stalino
Volume 56, No. 55
Purdue Universify, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, Septembor T6, 1943
AWS Announces New Coed Hours
Third Varieties Production Saturday
Jack Russel's Band To Furnish Music For 'Victory Varieties' “Victory Varieties”, a series of shows originated at the University, will return for a third presentation in the Hall of Music Saturday at 8 p. m. Admission will be 50c, tax included.
Service Men Have Fun In Puttering Shoppe On Saturdays And Sundays
Third “Varieties”—Sunnyside Up
The coming show is to be patterned after its two predeces-
sors, but will be entirely new.^ According to A. P. Stewart, director of talent for the program, the best available vaudeville entertainers from the Mid- ———— West will perform in the new tastrophe”, and the thirteen-yeai-show, which promises to be Negro prodigy from Bloomingeven more successful than the ton, Marvin Chandler, who created , . , ,, ,1 , , , such a sensation when he last sang last. Stewart adds that last the University seveial months Saturday the University of ago. The Doiothy Byton Danceis Wisconsin also piesented a pro- will close the show with a spectagram entitled “Victoiy Varieties”, cular dance using luminous flags of
following our own Univeisity’s ori- the United Nations,
ginal idea. Tickets for “Victory Varieties”
Jack Russel and his orchestra of now available in Lafayette at
NBC fame, who have appeared prev- Glatz and Decker’s. In West Lafayiously as a “name” band at Union gtte, they may be purchased at Mixers, will provide the evening’s Deac’s, Southwoith’s, the Union
Building, Cashier’s Office, the Music
musical entertainment. Pinky Tracy To Act As MC
Pinky Tracy, a comedian fiom Chicago, will act as Master of Ceremonies for the eight acts whicn are to make up the show. The Stadlers, a dance duo from the Blackhawk Cafe in Chicago, will include the “Rag Doll Dance” m their routine. A fascinating exhibition of acrobatics will be perfoipied by the
“Three Ambassadorettes”.
Also to be featured in this unique show are Jim Penman, a comedy juggler; Dick Burns, who styles himself as the “Gastronomical Ca-
Office and WBAA Music.
in the Hall of
Reamer Pledges Bob Armstrong Sebastian Ceri'eto Dick Hoff Bill Keller A1 Lindshoog Dick Reed Micha Schocken Kenneth Sciuldcr Fred Ward ‘
PIA Holds Callout For Junior Nurses' Aides All University coeds interested m becoming Junior Nurses Aides at either the St. Elizabeth or Home Hospitals may sign up today at 7:15 p. m. in the PIA Union Office. This is the second call-out of the PIA this year for Nurses Aides. Previous work done by these aides through PIA has been highly successful and greatly appreciated by the hospitals. Nurses Aides make it possible to relieve trained nurses for war time duties. Girls who sign up will work only one night a week from 4:30 until 7:30 p. m. The duties of the Nurses Aides consist of running errands for patients, filling water glasses, carrying trays, and doing small jobs for the nurses. All coeds who sign up must be on time for every scheduled period. Evening meals will be furnished for the aides on duty. Need For 45 Aides There is a great demand for at least forty-five girls to go out for the Junior Nurses Aide. Each girl will wear a small cap bearing the insignia of the Junior Aides. Cotton dresses will serve as uniforms. Certificates of achievement stating the number of hours worked will be given to all who complete the course. Any of those wishing additional inforipation may call Mary Ann Diesslin, 3471 or Margaret Warner,
2565.
Student Senate To Hold New Bureau For Tutors Again this year the Student Senate will supervise a bureau for student tutors. The Senate is now compiling a list of students and graduate students interested in doing this type of work. A uniform charge of 60 cents an hour has been set for tutoiing, and price fixing will be discouraged. Any person interested in this type'of service should report to the Senate Office and sign up before Oct. 1. The Senate office, which is on the second floor of the Union, will be open week day afternoons from 4 to 5:30 p. m. G. Stanley Meikle . . . director of the University Research Foundatiop will return today from New York where he attended a meeting of the research advisory committee of the National Association of Manufacturers of which the University is a member.
Artistically inclined service men find opportunity to splatter paint and sling turpentine in the Puttering Shoppe, a sub-basement art and crafts room in the Union for all puttering service men, according to Professorette Dons Plagge of the Applied Design Department. The Shoppe is sponsored by the Lafayette Art Association and the University Applied Design Depaitment; supplies aie furnished by these two organizations and the Union. When the Shoppe is open, Saturday, 2 to 5 and 6 to 10, and Sunday, 2 to 5, usually one person trained in crafts, and one trained in painting is present to guide fumbling service men’s fingers; these trained persons volunteer their time, and are members of the Art Associatipn and Applied Design Depaitment. Exhibit To Be Given Chief projects service men have under way now are sketches in pencil and charcoal, watercolors and oils; leather tooling and lacing; pottery work, clay modeling, block printing, wood carving and photography darkroom work. Products of these labors hang, recline, or lean around the two laige rooms. Later on, an exhibit of these works will be given. In the first room are two long tables filled with raw leather and wood craft supplies; clays and glazes reside in a special side room, and a bookcase of art books and magazines is in the opposite corner. Equipment Almost Complete In the second room, one whole side supports the clay models for the figurines on the Union facades; the lest of the room is a jumble of large slanting easels, ash trays, tables heaped with cans of soft, sticky clay and oil paints, a potter’s wheel, and ledges of clay figures, paintings and sketches. One service man who has dabbled in the Puttering Shoppe every week since it began last summer (July 23, 1943), IS working on an oil painting called “End of Day” which is composed of two GI clodhoppers, two beer bottles and a package of cigarettes. Among his other sketches, which include a self-portrait, he drew his previous idea of the Wabash River, a lovely thing with shining water and trees. He has not drawn, as yet, how the river really looks. Men Sign Register Miss Schantz-Hansen, head of the Applied Design Department, is in charge of the Shoppe and thought up the idea for entertaining seivice men. Each week, more service narpes appear in the Puttering Shoppe register. Iron Key Ed Neese Ellis Murphy
Week Day Hours 10:30 For Upperclassmen New coed hours, which are to go into effect Saturday, have been changed to 1 a. m. for Saturday, 11 p. m. for Sunday, and 12 p. m. for Friday, according to an announcement made by Lois Veit, president of Associated Women Students. On week days, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, freshmen will have 7 p. m. hours, and upperclassmen will - ' have 10:30 hours. Because
Engineer To Hold Callout Today
The Purdue Engineer will hold a call out today in Room 380 of the Union Building at 4 p. m. for all Curtiss-Wright, RCA and Wright ,
Field cadettes, civilian students, and « metric power, to conserve student
service men are really free one night, Saturday, hours were shortened during the week and lengthened on the week end to accommodate this situation. The old hours, which have been in effect since the first of 1942, were shortened at that time to save
strength and campus facilities for
the war effort.
In order that students living in
service men who want to work on
the engineering publication. Technical and scientific articles,
which compose the magazine, are private homes, boarding houses, or written to.be interesting and under- any such place boaiding coeds, will
be notified of this change of hours,,
standable for the students. Those who do work on the staff can get experience in journalism, advertising, and business as well as engineer-
ing.
Published Monthly The Engineer, member of Engi-
letters will be sent to the housemother, 01 person in charge informing them of the change. To meet and keep in step with the changing times, the judicial
neering College Magazines, is one board changed the hours in 1942, of two journals in the association wbmh weie 1 a. m. for Friday and being published on a monthly basis. Saturday, and 11 p. m. the rest of The national ECMA convention was ^be week, to the hours prevailing held at the University last year. throughout the past year. A^ain, to The price for the magazine is beep in step, the judicial board has $1.50 for a year’s subscription, and changed these hours,
there is no extra charge for sending
the Engineer off the campus. Unsold Books Must Be Claimed By 5 Tonight “At the end of this week the army may have almost two bundled more school books on its supply shelves.” That was the statement made by Kathleen Gannon, vicepresident in charge of the Book Exchange. All of the books which were not sold during the recent book exchange must be claimed by their owners on or befo:^e 5 p. m. tonight. After that time the Book Exchange will not be responsible for the books, and those which are left will promptly be turned over to the
army.
Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before 12 o’clock, noon, September 25. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the hea'd of the school and if possible by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Regis-
trar’s Office.
' —DEAN OF MEN. University Will Hold Postwar Conference
Piogram for the Post-war Planning Conference on the Indiana
^ . Federation of Clubs will be held at The Book Exchange is a Union University for several days beactivity run on a non-profit basis September 28. Representa-
enabling students to obtain 75 per cent ot the original cost of the
the state aie expected to attend. Several of the University staff will be among the speakers during
, , , , T, , the Confeience. On Thursday, books were brought to the Book Ex- September 28, Dr. E. C. Young,
books. The recent Book Exchange began August 31 and close^d at 5 p. m. last Fiiday. Over five hundred
change;over three hundred of them
weie sold.
There will be another book exchange in November. 'x
, \
Dr. C. R. Donham ... Dr. J. F. Bullard, and Dr. L. P.
Doyle, members of the University “Post-war Housing.” On Friday veterinaiy staff, attended a district moining, September 30, Dr. F. K. confeience of veteiinarians in Hunt- Knight, division of education and ington Wednesday, wheie all three applied psychology, will talk on appeared on the program. “Education in the Post-war World.”
Chairman of the University postwar planning committee will speak on “The Most Important Post-war Plans.” Prof. G. E._Lommell, school of civil engineering, will discuss “Post-war City Planning,” and Carl Boester, housing lesearch director at the University, will talk on
University Plant Protection System Proves Efficient
By Gerald Geiger Late into the night, light gleams from offices and laboratories at the University. Men of science toil long, perfecting the tools of war. A sense of set purpose, a grim silence hangs over the campus. The University has gone to war. Preliminary plans for the pai’t the University was to play in the war effort weie no sooner under way than it was seen that additional police must be added. The traditional “campus police” would be inadequate to the task of warding off spboteurs and enemy agents. The organization, then formed for the University’s plant piotection system, is now working with machinelike efficJency. Daytime center of the new and enlarged police department is the office of R. W. Levering, Plant Pro-
tection Officer, in the Service and Stores Building. Here is a phone, number 4330, which at night is switched to a center in the Power Plant. An officer is on duty continuously, covering this phone. Always available are maps showing the entire campus, and the patrol system by which the whole is guarded. Men Selected For Trustworthiness Working under Mr. Levering are 17 men, including Chief Paul Washburn, an Assistant Chief, and 15 patrolmen. These men are selected for character and trustworthiness. Their dress is a distinctive olive green uniform, furnished by the University. Each carries a regulation police gun, a .38 caliber Colt revolver, and is trained in its use. They carry full authority, too; each one is a deputy sher-
iff and an Auxiliary Military Policeman. The campus has been divided into ten posts, and each man is made responsible for patrolling a post through the night. To protect the University as well as the officer, each carries a watchman’s clock. This is a clock enclosed in an aluminum case, and covered with leather. It IS carried by a long strap slung over the shoulder. The clock has a slot which is fitted by numbered keys, hung at strategic points on each post. When the Itey is fitted into the slot and given a quarter turn it marks its own number and the time on a paper disc inside the clock. Next moining, the clock is opened, and the disc is checked and filed by Mr. Levering. Each man is encouraged to vary his patrol as
much as possible so that his routine does not grow too familiar to those who might be interested. Work Day Is 12 Hours The work of the campus policeman is hard. The work day or night, is twelve hours long/ Each man has the task of turning off and on certain lights and fans. There is a great amount of walking, and there are many stau’s to be climbed. One officer recently counted, and found that he had climbed 1436 steps in covering his post, in one hour. As part of the protection system of the University, an effective identification system has been instituted. Each member of the staff has been photographed and fingerprinted, and has answered a searching questionnaire. He is then issued a card or badg;e, which must
be carried on the person at all times while on University property. The cards and badges are color coded, designating the areas which the bearer is authorized to filter. Certain areas of the campus are restricted: the Power Plant, Army and Navy Housing Reservations, and the Airport are closed at all times to all but authorized staff members; the Physics Building, the Chemistry Building, and the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering Building are restricted only when they are not officially open. Staff Member Part Of System An essential factor in making the identification system effective is the authoiity granted each badge or card holder to demand a stranger to show his badge or card at any time, on University property. Each
staff member thus becomes a part of the protection system. Anyone noticing any irregularity is requested to dial the yampus police number, 4330. The man at the control station flicks the boulevard lights, or lings the class bells, as a signal to patrolmen; m a few moments, the policeman neaiest you has contacted his headquarters, and is on his way to investigate, If the tiouble is seiious, a quick phone call brings the state police, all in the space of a very few minutes. Keep Tasks Secure The University plant protection system is modeln and efficient, set up in cooperation with State and Federal authoiities. Behind the alertness and stuidiness of her protectors, ihe University’s secrets and tasks are secure.kfef'' #
Purdue Exponent
^huriHay, Septj^ her 16, '1943
if
Purdue Exponent
combined with Purdue Independent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdiie Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor...... Basiness ManoRcr.. News Editor...... ManaRine Editor.... Sports Editors
Ellis Murphj Mary Diiti ! William H. TysbJ Carolyn Wilbu: : Kaymond j. Smith, Russell M. Eipei
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: Jack Abbott. Ruth M. Ford, Madelyii A. Grotnos, James T. Richardson, Maruarot Y. Steffes.
Business Staff
Advertising Manager: C. L. Gaunt. Assistant Advertising Manager: Betty Maney. Circulation Manager; R. G. Sauerman.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Abbett Day Editor: Grotnes City Editor: Richardson Issue Editor: Baynes Reporters: Thomas, Simons, P. Garber, W. Gprber, Ogden, Asperger, Garrett, Tuesburg. Gcorgeson, P. Richardson, Yargar, Martin, Imler. Goetz, Miner, R. Gregory, Wright.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette. Indiana, under the act bt Congress of March 8. 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in sectiop 1103 act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, _1922, Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday nriornings during the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered dally by carrier for $1.2S for a semester; by mail for $1.60 for a semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the. West Desk of the Union. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishens Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., Now York, N. Y.
We Try Again
' In accordance with our expectation,s, our fan mail has increa.sed several hundred per cent because of :the editorial appearing in this column last Tuesday. Such a volume of wondei'ous epistles, statements, complaints, comr meridations, and foolishness can not be ignored. We can not, of course, answer or print every letter or a reasonably accurate facsimile of such, because we do not have the nerve or the space. In answering as best we can, we will say first of all that w'e resent very much the many epithets applied to our person. The editorial did not call anyone vile or obscene names, it did imply that the people who ,liked the program were perhaps a little foul minded. We received many letters which contained nothing else—no argument which we could find-;— no opinion visible—no basic ideas, mere ramblings on and on. Examples of this type of letter, which we completely ignored, came from: ' R. S. D., Co. C, Sect. 3; J. T. Griffith, Co. C, Sect. 1; M. E. P., who started his letter “who the H - - - are you”—he was afraid to tell us more about himself, apparently; Sgt. John Meshna, Jr., Battery B, Sect. 2; and Harris Baker, Co. C, Sect. 1. These men can get their T. S. slips from the chaplain tomorrow. We are grateful to those who sent letters expressing an opinion or an argurnent. The letter from Marselda Jacobs, who found some statements .she liked and some which shedidn’t like in our editorial, mentioned several things we definitely omitted: , . no mention was made of the outstanding harp number with full orchestra accompaniment. The technique, and training required for such a presentation should have been evident. The two pianos featured ^ere exceptional. Such a team alone could have provided a very en.ioyable program.” She called the rest of the program “sophisticated variety”. We agree with her entirely about the harps and the pianos, and realize that the orchestra was darn good, even though entirely too loud. Miss Jacobs also says: “In all due respects to the SPARS and WAVES going through their recruiting procedure, I think the least appropriate thing would be an apology to them, as was suggested by the editorial critic. The women on the stage Sunday impressed me as being the only part of the show which .shouldn’t have been there. They were indeed amateurs—and I’m afraid their personal drive will suffer after such a display. “Everyone is entitled to his likes and dislikes when it comes to entertainment, but it’.s hitting below the belt to brand such a high-class performance as we saw last Sunday as‘disgusting’.” We will bring in here a letter from Bill Morrise, Co. C, Sect. 2, who starts out with: “It is plainly evident to all who glanced at your . .. editorial. . . that you have no business being Editor . . .”. All we have to say to any one who has the outlandish egoisni to write a very prejudiced opinion of an editorial after they have merely glanced at it, rendered it ab.solutely Pnprintable. However, in spite of sailor Bill’s own indulgence in childish name calling, he did have a very good suggestion in a po,stscript, as follows: “1-*. S. A suggestion for J'aising the morale of service men, if you ax'e intei’ested.
Suggest to the Union thait they install a nickelodeon in the ballroom,-so that we will have a place to take our dates to dance on - Friday, Sunday, or any other' night except Saturday. There is not a single good place in this town (that I have heard of) that you can take your date to dance. Of course there are shows, but who is not tired of the routine of shows and cokes, date after date after date ?” ’ Sailor Bill also stated that, “The program was designed for service men, put bn by service men and for service men.” (Please note that that is a direct,quotation). This was defi-. nitely not the case. The khow was put on by service men and women. But it was intended for all comers, anyone who cared to come could —^in the afternoon by buying bonds, and in the evening by showing'a pass issued by the University. Maybe Sailor Bill and his buddies could enjoy themselves in the presence of their best girl, but some could not. Furthermore, we would have been very uncomfortable if we had taken our mother to the show. Next we will print the shortest letter which said the most: “Dear Editors: “I am writing to say ‘congratulations’ for publishing the very excellent editorial on the subject of the Rudy Vallee show. The sentiments of students and faculty ai’e well expressed in that editorial. “I hope you are sending a marked copy to Mr. Vallee.” Sincerely yours, Margaret E. Beman. We received a letter from one Kenneth Matthews, who had, among other things, the following to say: “All of the service men \\meL;witnessed this program heartily enjoyed every minute of it... ”. This statement is a downright prevarication because we personally know service men who agree with us in. what we said in our editorial. Ken also stated that he was certain that none of the citizens in Lafayette regretted their purchase of bonds. We feel thb same way, but we aiie just as Certain as he, that we can find citizens who came to the show who would just as soon have stayed home. The marines of the V-12 program really deserve more space than we can give. ,We are e,specially honored because we have received a letter which was in great pai’t written and definitely endorsed by the son of Champ Clark, Senator from Missouri. His letter was signed by well over three hundred marines of Company P. We will give odds that at least fifty percent of the signers did not read the letter. The sentiment in parts of this letter, which ■we were forbidden to quote, was vei’y genuine, and a feeling with which we entirely agree. If the three hundred men will read our editorial carefully, they will find that the point we are making is the fact that the very worthy cause of patriotically supporting our nation at war was connected with things thht we think are unworthy of the aforesaid exceptionally worthy cause; as yet, no one has come back with an argument against this. , Our space is probably filled, but still we have more to say. To the marines in Co. E we want to say that we believe they, too, only glanced over the statement, felt someone was trying to take their risque stories away from them, and then acted to save those precious morale builders. We feel that it would have been definitely O. K. if the show had been, as some letters suggested, for service men alone. No one is attempting to take anything away from anybody. We want to insert a part of the following letter, which speaks for itself: “C.J.W. “Exponent Editorial Staff “Union Bldg. “Dear Friend: “I liked very much your editorial, ‘Three Hours Wasted’. ... I profoundly admired your sincei’e stand in, I’egard to problems of refinement. More power to you!” ; Cordially yours, A. A. Smith. We received several letters from men who have seen.action, which pointed out to us that the service men’.s camps had similar shows which went over in a,big way. This px'ogram has gone over here in a big way, from many points of view, but we still think\|:hat there is a time and a place for everything. In service camps this program is ideal, but brought to an institution of higher learning as a means to increase sales of war bonds, we feel it is out of place. In closing, we wish to compliment one man who signed h,is letter “George”. It was a most expressive letter, probably the most expressive we have ever received in this office. Por those of you who wrote and did not get mentioned we think that we have answered your questions, arguments and opinions, and we are truly sorry we have no room to print your letters.—c.j.w.
OWN >^1® BEAR t
“She’s mentioned lots of ways to serve rice attractively, bift not one. word on how to get it thrown over you, quite dry !” The Ratio
Knows ... to 1
Why iih, we certainly didn’t break any shovel handles this week. This darling campus is fast takingon the aspect of a dull mud-hole. But be of good cheer, ye mongers of the gossip, for there is always something to discuss in whispered tones. For instance the i-ecent any-thing:-but-mysterioi!s Marine restriction. We got.this straight from an apple vender, who got it straight from Deac, who got it straight from a patronize!-of the noble “G-Shop”, who got it straight from one of the boys, who got it straight from the Dean of Men, who got it straight from Captain Whipple, Avho got it straight: Seems, that -the Marines in the ATO House had a small fiasco the other evening consisting of such lovely things us a blanket-party on the side lawn, a bout of the alcoholic variety, reams of cigarette smoke, and a sleeping sentry who woke up just in time to slug a rather irate officer. So the boys aren’t doingmuch of anything this week.
paring to kiss his newly-made pingirl, a group of giggling females came crashing onto the scene and the tender twosome were forced to flee into a nearby coal bin where they encountered a jaiiitor placidly eatiiig his nightly snack, so that fixed that.
Health Seryiee Reports On Monday, Sept. 13, Jacqueline Robbins, an RCA cadette entered the WRH infirmary while on the same day Jean Buchanan, a Wright Field cadette, was discharged from St. Elizabeth’s- hospital -whe^e she had undergone a surgical operation. - Tuesday, Sept. 14, Eldon Graham, freshman ini engineering, was confined to his home for medical treatment. On the same day Richard Gpx, freshman, engineering, and Berilr ard Udell, T/6 A8TP, were confined to their residences for medical treatment. . P0rsoniier Companies scheduled to visit the campus: Naugatuck Chemical, Division of U. S. Rubber Co„ Naugatuck, Cohn. —September 20 and 21. Interested ill Chemists (B.S., M.S., Ph.D.) Shell Development Company, Enieryville, California — Wednesday, September 22. Interested in Ghmeists, Ch.E., M.E.,. C.B., E.E., Physicists. Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N.vY,r-^Tuesday, September 21. Interested in Chemists, Ch.E., M.E., E.E., PS.E., Physicists. National Union Radio Corpora-tion,-Newark, N. J.-^September 29. Interested in E.E., Physicists. General Electric Company, Sehe* nectady, N. Y.—-Date to be announced. Interested in M.E., E.E. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio—Interested in M.E:, C.E., PSE, Ch.E., AeroE. Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation, Port Worth, Texas—^Interested in A.E., G.Ei, M.E., E.E.
Lou! $A|Ch|pter^V||s Reception For Rudy
Other such crud and corruption and diotous upstarting occurred in the dai-lvcned chambers of the KAT House the other evening when the pledges of said institution, in a diabolical moment, walked out on their superiors to return anon with a few beaten-up little Sigma Chi pledges for purposes of a penitent serenade. Their efforts were unappreciated, however, for''a large door was shut in their beaming faces, and they were still cleaning up the front; walk as the sun rose slowly in the horizon the next day. Good old hell, you might say.
THE ART OP MAKING LOVE IN A MOLE HOLE. Just to show everybody that life is like that, Maxine Lamb of WRH took Herb Zinsmeister’s KDR pin the other evening. The recreation room being a little crowded, the loving couple enacted the scene in one, of those seductive tunnels, you know? And just us the zealous lover was pre-
The curfew is tolling madly, so we -will confine the rest of this bull to a series of flashes: Upon the night of Sunday, Sept. 12, Jean Gibson, glitter girl of the Alpha Zi Delta’s was the happy recipient of. a Delt pin from one pherman Oates of the same outfit. Along about this same time Betty Blattman was dazzling- her Kappa sisters with an obnoxiously large diamond which was loaned her in a sort of a permanent way by Kappa Sig Jack Graves, now a private in the Army. There are still a few loose ends to fix up, however, such as knoclmig off a kind of hefty Lieutenant who is planning to mari-y the girl in St. Louis this week some time. In the meantime Art Woods staggers bn. We understand the Chi O’s had a pretty nifty picnic with a highly selected group of Marines not too long ago. Let’s do have more of these. Say, doesn’t anybody have any fun but the Marines? We have time for just one more juicy tid-bit. Was everybody in as blue a haze as we were at the Vallee doings the other night when the R.udy boy kept asking- “Where is Zincky?” Well it all came out with Ae laundry. Rudy, it seems, was splashing around in the Union cafeteria when his roving eye happened to land on Marilyn Zinc, town girl in every sense of the word, whom he emphatically described aS “the
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested, in students for employment; National Lead Co., Brooklyn, N. Y. —Interested in Ch.E. Sign, by September 18. Caterpillar Tractor Co., Peoria, 111.—Interested in M.E., E.E., Met.E. Sign by Saturday, Sept. 18. Devoe & Reynolds Co., Inc., Louisville, Ky.*--Interested in Chemists (B.S., M.S., Ph.D.) Sign by September 18. E. I. duPont de Nemours & Co., Richmond, Va.—Interested in Ph.D. Chemists. Sign in PersonneL Office by September 18. Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co., New Martinsville, W: Va.—Interested in M.E., Ch.E, Sign by September 25. Magnolia Petroleum Co., Dallas, Tex.—Interested in E.E., Physicists. Sign by September 25. most attractive girl on the campus.” Whereupon he began passing out photographs of his fiance, the image of whom looked exactly like something right out of the ‘Fox’. He then explained; “I like my women heavily made-up.” Which is certainly the truth. (Ed, Note: It is, it is, it surely is.) Aw i-esevoir! See you in a foxhole.
Following Sunday nigiht’s- Third War Bond show ii^. the Music Hall, Lt. Rudy Vallee, a member oif Si^ma Alpha Epsilon:socialfrat^rnitjt, 'attended a small receptibri -gjJVen in his honor at the Theta Tau'fraternity house. Present at the reception were E. B. Baugh, executive seePer tary of the Alumni Assboiatlofi, Captain H. J. Bartley, commanding officer of all naval and marine students at the University, and .Lt. Commander T. M. Kegley, officer in charge of the V-12 program at the University. ■ • ;> Lt. Vallee, who is now serving in the Coast Guard, was presented to all the members of the local' SAE chapter, the Phi Gamma Deltas, and Theta Tails all of whom are living in the Theta Tau house. Vallee left yesterday for the continuation of bis tour in conjunction with the Third War Bond drice. Young To Speak At Swine DayConferpncf Dr. E. C. Young, agricultural economist and dean of the Univer-, sity graduate school, will be the principal speaker for the 23i-d annual Swine Day to be held' at tho University tomorrow. Speaking at the afternoon session, which opens at 1 p. m. in the Livestock Judging Pavalion, Dr. Young’s subject will be “The Hog and Feed Situation.” Prof. C. M. Vestal, of the University School of Agi-iculture, will also address tlif^ group. Morning Period Begins At Nine The morning period, starting at 9 a. m., will feature an inspectioi) tour of the hogs on test at the Swine Experimental Farm, Among the results to be released this yegr will be those pertaining to tests of free choice feeding of supplemental protein i)gixtures, differing in quantity and quality of protein. Prof. Vestal, in discussing 'th^ plans for the event, stated that from 800 to a thousand hog feeders from throughout~the state are expected to attend. President Elliott' . . . will leave today for Pittsburgh where he will deliver, the copimen'cement address,at 10:30 Friday morning-. The exercises will be' held in the Soldiers and Sailors Memorial for 322 graduates of the University of Pittsburgh. “The Cradking of Wisdom” is the topic of .Hr. Elliott’s speech. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
DIVRY'S HANDY SPiiHfSH-
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
HELD OVER THRU FRIDAY
porkftt Uictionury, lislini' ull SpilnisU and E^gllsii words in ourroni use — «ver 60,fl0p imludiiift immy of ilio Inlosl aciei^UHi’ and nulilary lerms. Also roiiluins Klem^dtk of (zramiiuir, full lisl of Irrt'gular Verb*, with tlufir pupiiiulioiis, (jolurod Maps, Mo. Iifi dispcnaulilo to studfluts, trunslulurs, biiiinoik mon, olo. .136 pufjos, Hexibl« UolbereW hiiMling. Posipaiil .$2.00; uilb Indexes $2.30. On sale ai leaditif' booksloreR, D. C. DIVRY, Inc., PuMishMs 240 W. 23rd ST., NEW YORK ;
'■■r-r*
» i
* I i
I ^ i I I
* ftArmy, Mavy, Marine News
\ ISeptember lj5, 1943
For Service Men,
UmUm
By Seirvice Men -JL
PageUp
Y JliifiyY/ morvie Men orf For Band Rehearsal
: foify navy and marine men
band rehearsal yester- important part of any military sta- into a 100-piece unit.”
4it 4‘^p.' in the Music Hall. tion. I hope we shall soon have a “I’d like to urge all navy and maItt, Commander T. M. Kegley, large, well-organized group of rine men who have played in highythb was present at the meeting, musicians for playing at Captain’s school or college bands,” he con-
thkt. this band is to be com- inspection, parades, reviews, etc.” tinued, “to report here for 'reheareHsilusively of navy and ma- The commander added that Captain sals. Our prospects for having a
Students, bpt that it is to be Bartley is also “ejfceedingly inter- good military band are almost un%p off'-shoot of the University’s ested in having a good navy band.” limited, but of course it all depends p^hd.” It will not interfere in any Pvt. Gordon Grow, USMCR, is upon the number of men who are with' the University band. Par- serving as di’um major of the band, interested in music and are willing
tf^pantS in'this naVy-marine band He has had previous experience to work.”
Wp ‘'ImCouragpd, therefore, to also -with marching bands. Bast year he Students who would like to play
Tfc HI J!^.. - . . - . . - -
Khaki On The Kampus' To Appear ' ’ ' ‘ j. Before Spectators In Music Hall
CPO Feigin Conducts New Seamanship^C^lqss
All-Army Show To Feature Band, Vocalist, Talent From All Batteries
With plenty of brass for the swing music and .saxes for the sweet, the new AST band'will “give out” in the all-army show, “Khaki on the Kampus”, which will be presented to all serv-
ice men and civilians ©n September 25th.
Under the direction of T/5 Hal Cooperman the band has
By Howard Shapiro
Monday evening a new class, defining the arts of seamanship
t \ up with P.' F. Efherick for functioned drum major of In- the band or get more information and explaining its merits, was conducted on the zero deck of been rehearsing for over a month in the Music Hall, the Union nbership’in the regular Univer- diana University’s famous “March- about it are asked to contact James Co. A’s barracks in.Cary Hall, by Chief Petty Officer Feigin, . , . Building, Cary Hall or any-
■afty bwid. I ' ■■ ■ . . ing Hundred”. A. Shaw, A.S., USNR, in room 362, company commander.
. ing Hundred”. A. Shaw, A.S., USNR, in room 362,
Sl^alfc'BPpSts Morale Just Gettiui Started S.W. Cary Hall.
-*<]jllus'ic bdost^ the morale of both .“Right now we’re just getting Rehearsals are scheduled for 4 ^l(i|y^ra and listeners”, stated Com- started,” reported Pvt. Gi’ow, “but p. m. Wednesday and Friday in the
:(niahdbr Hegltey. “A good.band Is an we have hopes of quickly expanding Music Hall.
WAC film Shows Training Cheer headers' Jap War Vet Plays fl Call Answered Football At Wisconsin
By IS Students
A young man with a record of 16 months’ fighting against the Japs
’ Lt. Galloway of the Woman’s
Atiny Corps presented as part of a jt'lcrulting program, a film on the
q^i^ebtation, training, and work of ' ™ „ „ leaders was an southwest Pacific is now a Alexander, f 2 WAGS to a group of women in ^^ered by 15 students at a meeting 9^ the University of Wis- Stramel, c 2
of the Union Building which was held Tuesday night at consin’s 1943 football squad.
yi^'tprday at 4:15 p. m. the Fieldhouse. A former Ohio He is Matt Whatley, 6-foot 1-inch, "fotals 27 'Galloway introduced the film ^tate boy was in charge of the 215 pound gjant whose home is in AUSMCR Abort tAlk on the qualifications, ’”®®ting and led the groups dis pt. Worth, Texas. Whatley has been Player B and chances of ad- _ .... in the Navy for almost four years Conrad, f ....\ 3
yapcpp^nt in the Corp; she ex-
'that the WACs were no
auxiliary to the Army out ZcertnmhTevs are out for the jn.^^^hPal part of the war effor. discussed the bla pniy- ^ ^ forming of the card sec*tion. The '?A? the film illustrated, women in problem of holding Friday night the Cprp are trained to replace ser- pgp sessions was talked over. men who are holding such posi- The cheer leaders have already tie^s as teltqjhope operators, cooks started to develop new yells for
bfid bakers, clerical workers and each unit of the armed forces. Any- three Jap planes. He was also in the j .j! XI-. _i- j, thick of the sea battle between
Meeting for the first time, the class was surprisingly large, with about 75 men crowding in, V-12 Basketball to learn what the class had to
Co. EUSMCR—
Playgj. B p Feigin first trotted out the Seibo, f r. 3 0 52 signal flags which comprise
0 the Navy’s foremost method 0 of visual communication. Then, 0 with the explanation of the manner 0 in which these flags are flown and 0 the meaning of each one, Jie pro0 ceded to gain the rapt attention of
0 the entire group.
1 Flags Represent Directions
Emrick Announces Band Promotions For Semi-Term
Halpin, f 5 Fraiser, c 7 Finlayson, g 6 Davis, g 2 Walley, g 0 Lundy, g 1
the group’s dis
cussion. Navy for almost four years
Plans were formulated for a served in the fighting zone Vodic, f 5 tumbling exhibition by the cheer ^^g^inst the Japs for 15 months be- Curtiss, c 1
leading squad as several experi-
spring
for naval aviation training.
In Coral Sea Battle
Whatley’s first taste of battle action came in the Coral Sea battle in
April, 1942, and his ship, a destroy- / er, was credited with bringing down V-12 IM Schedules
Baker, g 1 Schroedar, g 1
Totals .
Final Score-
.11 2
-56 to 24.
4[t^bUU(i ‘crews of the air forces interested in going out for the ',,TiVACs are also rpplaeing men in team is asked to report to the Ex-
Guadalcanal and Savo Islands, in Diamond-
September 16th, 1943
tion.
same positions in Africa and ponent Sports office for informa- which 10 U.S. ships, with a loss of
only one ship, sunk 14 Jap ships. Whatley was se»t to the Navy aviation school at Wisconsin for pre-flight and ground school train-
electrical ^ month ago. He is a
' ’’ .TT . Badger
.,The Lieutenant was assisted by Sg|. Goehl, and Pfc. Kelly of the In4»|ihti]|)oHs offices. The permanent iferUiting offices are in the Post Qfflce, Room 2I&. These offices are
dpptt at all limes.
iitiy War Bonds
Lt, Robert W, Gets
1213-
-B 1 vs. B 7 -B 2 vs. B 4 -B 3 vs. C 2 -B 8 vs. C 6
...1932 graduate of
engineering has been reported “missing” since Bataan. Word has been received here that he is a prisoner of the Japs at Zentsuzi War
Prison Camp.
tackle candidate
grid squad.
Buy War Bonds
14— C 1 vs. C 8 15— C 5 vs. D 2 16— D 1 vs. M 7 17— D 3 vs. B 6 TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
flff i||^ Cfists iltffrifity
,1’ 1. i Vjf
place that they could get together. Despite the necessity of studying, the boys have given all their free time to trying to make this orchestra the best on the campus. Cooperman
Last week Prof. Paul S. “Spots” tried to start a band last semester, Emrick, Director of Military and but it was not until the influx of Symphonic Bands, announced the the new soldiers that he was suc-
promotions and assignments of of- cessful and gained results,
ficer^ in the University Band for Men Have Previous Experience the semi-term, and made the offi- Many of the man have had prevcial service awards for the summer ious experience in orchestras and session. These awards are given to such men as Harold White, Richard those members of the band who Marbie, Robert Appleby and A1 have not be^n absent and have not Boss, who make up the saxophone
“Flags,” explained Feigin, “do received more than five demerits section, show up as veterans. Benot only represent letters of words, in an entire term. cause of his grace and ease Bob Debut also are used to give directions Service Bars Awarded Contreras, a di-ummer by avocam another, somewhat different awards are in' the form of ti®"- is to lead the band during its mannei. For example, if a burgee first performance according to
of the upper left pocket flap during Cooperman. John Piper will be at the term following the one in which i'i'® drums for the show on the 26th. they are won. Those members in the Berarui, who entertained at basic coursp .are given ribbons of Army-Navy Happy Hour, will old gold and black bearing a num- Pi®y i^i® accordion with the orchesber of silver stars corresponding to while Len Anaman and “Fran” the number of terms they have won Foll^sco will be the trumpeteers. the award, while students in the ad- George Milazzo will pound the bass
edge of these flags. The entile class vunced coui'se receive ribbons of fiddle and ^’Skip” Miller will be was, however, interested in this sea Artillery red and black, bear- blowing the trombone,
lore and a good many men went on j^g a gold star for each term the studying and discussing these flags ^ward has been won in the ad-
and their possibilities even after the vanced course.
termination of the class. mu xc 1 xu ,
The officers, and those who may
The reception of the group to this -u^ear service bars are: captain and ^ itmn, T/5 Frank Numbers^ is arbasic seamanship was so enthusias- military officer R. F. Sharp • 1st an army trio which will fur-
tic that the class is to be made a figut. and executive officer, R. J.
permanent feature of coming Mon- Reed-advanced course service bar tei’tamment. Cooperman who saved
day evenings in Co. A’s roster. one gold star and a basic
For these future classes the CPO course bar with four silver stars; by his playing will be at the plans to go on and take up other Bvt. 1st lieut. and detail officer and with his^orchestra.^
ftiethods of signalling, including the assistant military officers, J. H. AnSemaphore and Morse codes, and derson; Bvt. 1st lieut. and assistant the blinker light system. Advanced to the Director, J. A. Shaw; 2nd seamanship including, “Nomencla- lieut. and personnel officer, R. A.
(a flag with an angular cut is flown above or below a group numbers, these numbers indicate the course that must be followed, or the course
that you are to change to.” The class met for a half hour pe-
riod during which most of the group attained at least a superficial knowl-
“Mary” To Sing
“Mary”, noted as of battalion headquarters, will be featured feminine vocalist with the band. In
The presentation of “Khaki On The Kampus” will be the first allarmy show presented on the campus, and talent from all the batter-
ture”, which is a study of a ship and Chapman-basic course service with ?®® *^®®® d^^'^^ted. With enthus-
its integral parts, will also be three silver stars
delved into
Class Is Applicable To Sea
Announce Promotions
\
lasm, the soldiers under T/Sgt. Jerry Koetting are whipping the show into shape for the perfor-
Members of the class will have a j_ j Bonner, basic course ser
Master sergeant and band libra- mance a week from Saturday.
basic knowledge of many important nautical features that can be applied when they do get sea duty. They are also now receiving a little
vice bar with two silver stars; 1st sergeant and assistant detail officer, W. R. Pavelchek; technical sergeant and supply officer, U. F.
of that stimuli, that kick of being Carter-basic course service bar in the Navy, that fhey wou no .^^ith one silver star; staff sergeant ordinarily have received until they assistant b^ librarian, M. D.
Ufer Returns To Wolverines
actually got on a ship.
For as one interested listener pointed out, when Feigin outlined the plans for future classes, “The
Navy—wow!”
Michigan’s hopes for winning their second successive Western Conference indoor and outdoor
• Food, fuoi ond clothing aro ■vV ' > , c higher. Almost every item in your household budget is higher in cost ^ . x‘ . ' , , pretty near everything except Blectricity, Today, electricity i'or tfie average household costs only about half as much as it did fifteen yejtrs ago. If your bill is a little higher than 1 '' ' n , 1. it was then, that’s because you use a lot more ‘I 1 electric appliances. And you’re getting just about twice as much for your money! i’hy is electricity so cheap? Because the elti!;tric companies under experienced buihms management have done a better and better job of bringing the benefits of electricity to more and more families at lower and lower prices. Hear "REPORT TO THE NATION/’ news program of the week, every Tuesday evening, 6:3D,C.W.T., Columbia Broadcasting System. PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA, INC. ft. , k' (, I '
gON’T WASTE ELECTRICITY lUST B C C A M S_E IT I $ NIT
New Red Cross Drive
Reed; staff and concertmeister, A. R. Balitz; staff sergeant, assigned
to band library, R. F. Harrer-basic track championships this year have course service bar with two silver soared with the decision of Bob stars; staff sergeant and band quar- Ufer, world indoov record holder at termaster, J. L. Shelton-basic course 440 yards, to return to the univer-
service bar with three silver stars; ®^ty.
staff sergeant, in charge of the Under war-time eligibility rules chair and rack detail, D. M. Hod- all students enrolled in the univergin; supply sergeant, P. W. Whear- sity, including those carrying a full
Red Cross Drive, to be sponsored basic course service bar with two program as graduate students, are by the Union, will open one week silver stars; sergeant, assistant to eligible for intercollegiate competi-
from today, September 23. Girls are executive officer, F. K. Bass-basic encouraged to help wrap surgical s®™ bar with two silver dressings which are urgently stars; sergeant of the equipment
needed.
Each girl will be asked to work at Corporal of the equipment detail, u x . , 1 1 J ..r T n Tx,r.o=. nr.v«n,..xi in nUano-n be plutts to eni'oU in November to least one hour a week, and some of B. D. Jones, coipoial in cnaxge ot x , j • j the sororities on campus intend to the precussion detail, K. R Handy; ®^tata his master s degree in educa-
require work. The Red Cross room corporal of the chair and rack dein the sub-basement of the Union tail, R. F. Dufka-basic course serwill be open Tuesday evening from vice bar with one silver star; cor7 to 9 and on Thursday from 9 to 4. poral of publicity, G. M. Hoffman; Dr. Mickel will supervise all work corporal, assigned to the music li-
of coeds, assigning a table to each brary, L. Minnen. and showing her exactly how to Corporals Receive Ratings
wrap the bandages.
Graduated In June
Ufer has competed for the Wolverines the past three years and was graduated in June. However,
Q ne Q Sandwiches Open 6 a. m. till 12 p. m. Oscar Says— Try Rocky's Flap Jacks 20c Chopsteaks and Tenderloins T5c—2 for 25e
track. With vision of 1:2000 in both eyes, Ufer has been flatly rejected by all branches of the service. He has won the conference indoor quarter two straight years but has never won the event outdoors. He also starred in several special in-
Lance corporal of the supply de- fioor meets last winter, winning the tail, G. L. Knight; lance coiporal of “Casey 600” at New York, and then the precussion detail, A. A. Augs- ju the spring was second in the half burger; lance corporal of the chair uiiie in both the NCAA and national
and rack detail, R. F. O’Biien; lance aAU meets,
corporal of the equipment detail, D. W. Craft; lance corporal of the technical detail, W. R. Van Antwerp; lance corporal, assigned to headquarters office, B. L. Kapell. Chief field trumpeter, in charge of training field trumpeters, M. D. Reed; principle field trumpeter, H. M. Durbin; first field trumpeter, M. L. Wagoner; second field trumpeter.
RAT I 0~ N « 0
Attention Phi Delts
You Are Urged to Attend-Meet-ing and Open House Tonight at 8:30 P. M. 102 Andrew Place
Joint Rehearsal In Music Hall Tonight First joint rehearsal of all sections of “Khaki on the Campus” will be held tonight in the Music
Hall at 6:30.
.\n concerned in the production should be present. Enter the Music Hall at the rear door. North side.
H, G. Ross.
Others who won service baps are I. J. Gross and H. W. Jones, basic couise btu’s with three silver stars; W. Shewski, S- J[. Bonham, R. A. Henley and L. Dx Lewis, ba'sic course service bars with two silvepr stars; and R. R. Roll, C. D. Gordea, G. W. Isaacs, E. B. Crawford and B. I. Parker, basic; course sevvice bass with one silver starv'Y y
V' n
>■ 5 '
„ rhKi'Y^ '
fiit V^|, k :'
Page 4
^oUermateer Efforts
yjiursiidy, September il5i 1943
Burnham Sends Squad Through Secref Drill Perfecting final plans for the season’s opener with Great Lakes, defending national service champions, the football squad held its first secret drill of the season here this afternoon as Coach Elmer Burnham added several new offensive formations to the Boilermaker
repertoire of plays. In contrast to drills which have been open to the public all fall, canvas appeared around the practice field fence to bar inquisitive spectators as Burnham reviewed both offensive and defensive tactics. Flint Attracts Attention Arthur Flint, 165 pound Marine V-12 trainee, a reserve halfback at Iowa last season, became a potential member of the traveling squad today as Coach Elmer Burnham was informed by the team physician that it would be impossible for Ed Cycenas, Boilei maker veteran, to play in the season’s opener with Great Lakes at the Naval Training Station on Saturday. As a result of the loss of Cycenas, who hovers around 19i) pounds, the Boilermakers aie left with more or less of a “pony” halfback roster. With the single exception of Keith Parker, listed at 205, none of the halfbacks are particularly impressive on the scales. Stanley Dubicki, slated for left halfback, hits 160; Lewis Rose, current No. 1 right halfback, 180; Boris Dimancheff, ■170; Flint, 165, and Bill Stuart and
Ed Gerker, 185.
Several In First Contest It was appaient that several “first starters” will be in the Riveter lineup against the Bluejackets. Among the starting prospects who will be seeing their first collegiate action are Lewis Rose, right halfback, Boilermaker freshman numeral winner of last fall; and Joe Buscemi and Frank Bauman, ends, who won their numerals at Illinois last season and are now in the Marine V-12 training unit here. Burnham indicated that he would take a squad of approximately 40 players for the opening trip, leaving here late Friday afternoon after a light workout. Pre-game headquarters wiil be established at the Edgewater Beach Hotel with the squad heading for the Naval Training Station Saturday morning just in time to dress for the game. Union Mixer To Feafure Bands Of Harry Reed Saturday’s mixer will feature the bands of Hariy Reed and the “Five Men of Note”. Admission will be free, but schedule or Union caids must be presented at the door. Harry Reed will play for both ed and coed stags in the South ballroom. while the “Five Men of Note” will play foi couples only in the North ballroom. During the dances, stags will not be allowed on the floor, and cut-ins will be foibidden. Decoration for the dance will be a backdrop honoring the University Memorial which is black spangled with white. Fieshman aie uiged to attend the dance stag for this will give them an excellent oppoitunity
to get acquainted.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Clevett Announces 'Campus Tennis Tournament Start “CMef” Clevett, head of the intramural 1. office, announced today that drawings for the first round of the all-campus tennis tourney have been completed. Must Play Before Sunday All men who have entered must play their first round by Sunday evening to remain in the tournament. All arrangements as to time and place of playing must be arranged individually between opponents. Phone numbers and addresses of opponents can be obtained by consulting the bulletin board at the check-out room in the
Fieldhouse.
Draws for the first round of tho tourney are as follows: G. R. Herterber vs. G. A. Taylor; J. V. Harrison vs. B. V. Finney; H. Shapiro vs. G. E. Gifford; R. Rolls vs. N. Gelber; R. E. Morgan vs. L. C. Smith; R. H. Anderson vs. K. L. Hunt; W. K. Daniel vs. S. E. Rose; R. F. Knowltoii vs. J. A. Marinsky; R. T. Bryant vs. R. L. Notter; J. Rotan vs. M. C. Lauenstein; D. Koehler vs. G. N. Viiens; G. Jaeckel vs. A. C. Wunder; J. W. Johnson vs. G. Elias; B. Kapell vs. J. Boring; R. Schmidt vs. L. Holtzman; B. Litvin vs. B. Sand; B. Borrus vs. R. Bray; C. C. Clarke vs. K. C. Matthews.
Grandstand Echoes By Russ Lipes |
“MEET THE TEAM”
I Starting with today’s edition, and continuing until we have introduced all of the Boilermaker’s ’43 varsity squad, “Meet the Team” will be a regular feature of this page. In past years the members of the varsity team were familiar to all students and a feature of this type was mainly for the benefit of the new students. However, with all of the transplanted players that compose this season’s team, this feature will be of interest to everybody. There is a wide variety of experience and background among the players, and these short sketches about the boys who are carrying the Gold and Black should be of interest to all Boilermaker followers.
Meet The Team
By Bob Simons
Good looking John Genis was the captain-elect of the 1943 Illinois \ football team, but having been transferred here with the Marines, has become a valuable addition to the Boilermaker squad. After playing on the sandlots as a high school undergraduate he decided to go out for the Mount Carmel football team in his senior year. He then played guard, and at the
OUR PREDICTIONS ABOUT SATURDAY’S GAME Going out on somewhat of a limb, and also to start, out the seasons “guessing”, we would like to make a prediction about Saturday’s grid battle with Great Lakes. We look for a very close score and will even go so far as to give a slight edge to the Riveters. The Bluejackets already have one game under their belt, and while it gave them a little experience, it also helped to show their weaknesses. Their line was vciy strong, but they were particularly weak on pass defense, and also fumbled several times. Our pass offense is good and should help to “bring home the bacon”; our line is a match for theirs any day. This first game will be no pushover, as goes for the next game with Marquette, anc^ should give the fans a lead as to what to expect from the “mystery team” of the Big Ten foi^the lest of their games this season.
PEP SESSIONS Although little has been said about it, efforts were made to have a “pep session” this Friday and send the squad off to Chicago with a bang. Because members of the armed forces stationed on the campus eat at the same time that the team will be leaving, the plans were abandoned so as to avoid too much confusion. However, big things are being planned for the first home game, in two weeks, and with the participation of all the various groups on the campus, this first session should be one that will be heard all over the state.
Riveter Squad Girding For Great Lakes Game As far as the gridiron rivalry with Great Lakes is concerned. Boilermakers’ football followers are hoping that the third time
may be the charm.
Twice before war-time Boilermaker combinations have bumped up against the burly Bluejackets with none too satisfactory results. The first collision occurred on Nov. 30, 1918, ^t Northwestern Field, Evans- — ton. 111., where the powerful ly slated to take over the spot vaSailors chalked up a 27-0 vie- cated by the injury to Ed Cycenas, tory. Gridiron names that still Boilermaker’s lone remaining
holdover major letterman back.
hit the headlines were prominent in the account of the Bluejacket victory in that football battle of World War I—such names a
Dubicki At Left Half
Another potential backfield starter is a sophomore as far as major
South Bend, who played as a freshman at Shurtleff College last fall. Jimmy Darr and Sam Vacan,ti, teserve halfbacks at Missouri and
George Halas, Paddy Driscoll, and coinpetition is concernecl-Stanley Jimmy Conzelman. halfback from
Last fall in the Ross-Ade stadium here it was much the same story as the all-star Sailors, led by Bruce Smith, hit the peak of the
form that carried them to the na- I’espectively, last fall, are aptional service championship by parently running 1-2 m the fight for routing the Boilermakers, 40-0. quarterback assignnieut, with ^ ^ Tony Butkovich, formerly of IlliR,voters Seek First Win ^eo Milla, of Missouri, This coming Saturday, conse- holding tire edge at fullback. ^
quently finds the Boilermakers not
Main competitive experience is
only striving to score their first vie- f,o„T tackle to .tackle, tory 111 the series, but their first ^lex Agase, foimer Illinois All-
point.
American, and Dick Barwegen, Pur-
SPUTTERINGS Lou DeFilippo, center on the Riveter squad, has had that post cinched for so long that little has been said about the other center candidates. A good deal of credit should be paid to Joe Moirow, Bill Newell and Wally Poremba for the battle which they are waging to fill the center-post behind DeFilippo. .^. , Fiankie Sinkwich, recently discharged from the marines for medical reasons/ has just signed to play pro ball with the Detroit Lions.... Professional hockey is getting under way with the opening scheduled for October 31. ... A new drive to allow army-student paiticipation in varsity athletics is under way in Washington. . . . Charley Haag, outsanding guard on the Riveter fieshman basketball quintet that won the quadi angular Big Ten tournament last spring who is making his first bid for the Boileijmaker eleven as an end, is a cousin of Carl Heldt, captain of the 1934 Boilermaker eleven. . . . Yesterday’s Chicago HeraldAmerican carried a very good writeup about this season’s Riveter grid squad, so we are told. By the time we got there ,all of the copies were sold.
JOHN GENIS Purdue Tackle
Classified Ads
Notices
Typewriters: Adding macnines, all makes sold, rented repair<’d and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan Office, 407 Columbia, Typewriter service. C. L. Gunkle. Phone
6943.
Wanted—Purdue btudentb to work Thursday and Satuiday evenings as waiters. Experience not necessary Good pay and short hours. Elks Club Apply Frank Lenjhan. Wanted—Student help to work at Caiy Hall Good wages. Apply at Seivice Office, All members or alumni of Sigma Alpha Epsilon on campus, please call 6028 after 6 P m for information of interest, (signed) E A. Wiggcis Lost—Polyphase slide rule with name, Lillian Hughston, inside kathtr case. Rcwaid. Lillian Hughston, WRH, Wood. Lost—Beta Theta Pi frattrnity pin RoWMrd Reverse side reads "G V Stanley— 1917". Call 2670 in the evening. Carl Stanley. Lost—Beta Theta Pi fiaternity pin. Rewaid Carl Stanley. Call 2670 in the evening Reveise side leads “G. V. Stanley,
1917".
Lost—Brown billfold with initials J L P. Please leturn to Jean Peterson, Chi Omega House. Lost—Poh phase slide rule with name, Lillian Hughston inside leather case Rewaid Lillian Hughston, W. R H , Wood. Dr. A. A, Smith ... of the Puidue Division of Education and Applied Psychology has written an article entitled “The Essence of Leadership” for the curlent issue of Indiana Paient-Teach-ei Magazine.
Tau Beta Pi: Keys tor new members are here. Get them at 506 Russell any week day after 7 p. m. or when ever you can contact me. —WORMSER Tau Beta Pi: Meeting Thursday, September 16, in the Union Room will be announced latei. —HANSEN Tau Beta Pi: Meeting wull be held in loom 355 of the Union Thursday, September 16, at 7 .30 p. m —HANSEN Novice Pistol: First novice pistol group wmII begin Friday, September 21 Students desiring to fire in this gioup should sign up foi this instiuction in supply loom of the Aimoiy. —DOWN Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, Scptembei 21, at 7 J() in loom 307 ol the Union There will be <\ shoit business meeting for all members aftei the regular meeting — WATT All Students: Did >ou ordi r a 1913 Debris ? If you did, pick it up at the Debris office.
Last chance—lake it or leave it —BUSINESS MANAGER
Camera Club: All persons having lockers in the Union darkrooms will please sign tho sheet at West Desk of th( Union if you expect to keep them Unassigned lockeis will be broken into Sept 25 —JORDAN All Women Students: Callout for Junior Nurses’ Aides in PIA office Thursday, Sept. 16. at 7 15 p m - WARNER
Kappa Beta Members: Meet at Chustian Church Sunday, Sept. 19, at 9 a. m for pledging seivices. —HERD All Service Men and Students: You are invited to attend «i picnic being hold by the Baptist Foundation Sunday, Sept 10 Meet at the church (corner of Columbia and West Chauncev) at 5 p. m Contact Pi of Van Camp, phone 45951, if coming There will be plenty of fun and food foi all —WENDELL Catalyst Club: Meeting of all offieeis aftci pledge meeting at 7 .30 p m in Chemical Engineering Building Please be the it.
—GAUNT
Student Senate: Thtie will be a legular meeting oi the Senate Monday Sept 20, at 8 in the Senate office —THOMAS Purdue Glider Club; Open metting Thui^day. Sept. 16, at 7 10 p m in Faculty Lounge All persons inteiested in membeiship this scmtstti must attend — SJIROEDER
AWS Executive Board; Picme postponed Metting Tuesday in AWS Office at 7 15 p. m. AWS Judicial Board meeting at WRH North, Tuesday at 8*15 p m —VEIT Seventh Term MB’s and AE's: It is time loi you to begin having employment inter\K\\s Secure the following material from Miss Hacker in the ME Office: 1 Intel view pioceduie sheet, 2 Company list, 3. “RopLicst foi Inteiview" caids, 4. "Conhdential Faculty Recommendation" foim Watch bulletin boaid and Exponent foi int<rview notices. —BOLZ
Try An Exponent Classified!
other guard position was his present running mate, Dick Barwegan. That was in the fall of 1939, and Mount Carmel had an outstanding team. They tied Fenger, 14-14, for the Catholic championship of Chi-
cago.
Genis entered the University of Illinois the following fall, and won his freshman numerals. In his sophomore year he earned his varsity letter alternating with Alex Agase at tackle. Last autumn, as a junior, Jie was a legular tackle, and won honorable mention on the all Big Ten squad. He was elected to lead his team this fall, but as war changes many things, he will aid the Riveter squad this season. Genis is a big boy, weighing 210 pounds, and measuring six feet one inch. He is blonde and twenty-one. Having joined the Maiines a year ago, he was called to active duty this summci, and expects to complete his couise soon. Like Agase, he lives at the Alpha Tau Omega fiaternity house, and was unable to give more infoimation about himself, as he was being paged for a poker game at the time he was interviewed. He entertains the boys by jilaying polkas on the
piano.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
On the basis of previous competi- was rective experience. Great Lakes, with ^g^i-^ed as one of the Big Ten’s best
a starting lineup made up entirely
to more
of former collegiate and profession- themselves at the al players, will again lule a favor- ^ou DeFilippo,
ite against a comparatively “unknown” Boilermaker combination that has been bolstered by Marine and Navy V-12 trainees. ' Coach Elmer Buinham is fiankly
former Fordham center, at the pivot po.sition. The tackles are likewise well foitified, with John Genis and Mike Kasap, formerly of Illinois, and John Staak, Iowa, and
hopeful that what the Boilermakers Hughes, Missouri, all avail-
lack in e.xporience, particularly at able, the ends and in the backfield, will
be counteracted in part at least by C* 1 the outstanding enthusiasm for the xJLVJL game that has been displayed by Opening games of the Ward softthe squad as a whole since the start ball tourney will be played at 6 of fall drill. o’clock Thursday evening, SopteirRo^ Replaces Cycenas \ her 16th. Waid tourney games are Although Burnham’s final decis- to be played on Monday and Thuixsion on the probable stalling lineup day evenings and will continue Until for the scienuous opener will prob- October 4th. ably not be made until after the Diamond— '
final scrimmage session on Thursday, it is probable that at least three potential starteis—Joe Buseemi and Frank Bauman, ends, and Lewis Rose, right haliback—will be selected from a gioup without previous colleg'iatc competitive expeiience. Rose, who won his freshman numeials heie last fall, is tentative-
1— International House vs Ward 2— Owen vs. Ward 2. 3— Glide Pines vs. Ward 4. 4— Chauncey vs. Ward 5. 5— Dover vs. Ward 6. 6— Rochdale vs. Waid 8. 7— Ward 9 vs. Ward 11. 8— Ward 12 vs. Ward 13.
“JEEPERS, DAD! I’M WRITING UNCLE SAM'S HANDSOMEST FLYER AND MY PEN CONKS OUT. THINK IT CAN BE FIXED?”
“SEARCH ME, PAT. PENS AND REPAIR PARTS ARE SCARCE, WHY DIDN’T YOU PROTECT IT WITH PARKER QUINK? IT HAS SOLV-X IN IT!"
• Southworth’s
I disuahd, IhsL *1* ^tedsat? JCnuoA. ^cuJutqsL6o ^{fL. Ouk, SojiyA. OusOiMoA. ShouixL (Bsl 71/taiisd. %ow! ^ Army—Sept. 15 to Oct. 15 Navy—Marines—Coast Guard — Sept. 15 to Nov. 1 See our Speial Service Mejn's Gifts ' GIFT SHOP (Downstairs)
WE
en skortage grows! <55zcd& Qui/n/i
D on’t expect to replace your pen if it fails now! Production of all pens— especially of first-choice brands —has been sharply reduced by Government order, llepair parts, too, are scarce! Why not let Parker Quink provide the "ounce of prevention’’.? This ink alone has the magic ingredient, solv-x.
Solv-x roots out the causes^ of most pen failures. It fights off the metal corrosion and rubber rot always caused by highly acid ink. It ends clogging and gumming . . . ckatu your pen as it writes! For steel pens, too, Quink is ideal. The Parker Pen Company, Janesville, Wisconsin, and Toronto, Canada.
SOLV-X
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
^outhworill’s •
FOR -/MA/t "Micro-film Black,” Packer Quink in "Micro-film Black photographs perfectly! It is jet-black—ideal for cvety use. Quink comes in 7 permanent colois: Micro-film Black, Blue-Black, Royal Blue, Green, Violet, Brown, Red. 2 washable colors: Black, Blue. Family size, 25f Other sizes, Ibf. and up. MAKE YOUR DOLLARS FIGHT—BUY WAR BONDS NOW! PARKER Quirtk THE ONLY INK CONTAINING SOLV-X
ytem m 5 loa^/ 1. Protects rubber... lengthens the life of sac or diaphragm. 2. Dissolves sediment and gum left by other inks. Cleons your pen as it writes. 3. Prevents clogging of feed. 4. Safeguards base metal ports... ^ 5. Assures quick starting and even flow at all times.
... in peace and war This emblem is familiarahroughout the nation as the symbol of a well-trained team, integrated lor service in peace or war—The Bell Telephone System. 1. American Telephone & Telegraph Co. coordinates all Bell System activities. 2. Twenty-one Associated Companies provide telephone service in their own territories. 3. The Long Lines Department of A. T. & T. handles long distance and overseas calls. 4. Bell Telephone LaliQratories carries on scientific research and development. 5. Western Llectric Co. is the manufacturing, purchasing and distributing unit. The benefits of the nation-wide service provided by these companies are never so clear as in time of war.
J'
Copr 104J by ‘ Tho Vuikcr Buu Cuwpauy
■1 I