1
MERRY-GO-ROUND Discusses MacArthur For President
Established 1889
w . WHERE IS I U ?
EDITORIAL OBJECTS To Student 'Doodling' On Desks
Volume 56, No. 76
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, November H, 1943
Spicer, Soloist, Will Appear At Convo Sunday Coeds Will Register For Rush On Friday Noted Canadian Baritone To Sing p|.gj ^ihqh Jq jpggj^ Armistice Day From 10 To 4 In Pan-Hellenic Oftice Favorite Ballads Of Audience At 3 Program In Union Today At 10:55 A. M.
All coeds- who intend to go through rush this semestei must registi^r tomonow from 10 a m to 4 t m in Union Room 261, which will serve as the Pan-Hellenic Council’s office throughout rush, according to Mary Jane Doll, in charge Payment of a $2 fee is lequired from each rushee at the time she legisters _ At 4 p m tomorrow a mass meeting for all lushees will be held in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union with Janet Bahls, president of Pan-Hellenic, presiding At this time^ the lush chan man from each of the eight soiprities on campus will be presented The alumnae advisers, who all belong to soroiities not represented on campus, and who are members of the town PanHellenic Council, will also be intro-
duced
Tiansfer students are invited to attend a party at 7 30 tomorrow night in the East Faculty Lounge Jane Schutt is in charge of the gathering, intended to acquaint the transfers with the soiorities and their location* It will also be attended by the president, lush chaiiman and Pan Hellenic lepiesentative of each house In order to be eligible foi rush, a coed must have an index of 3 6 or better foi at least 14 hours of wozh dujmg tbe last full semester in which she attended the University Transfers must have met the equivalent of these requirements in the university which they last attended Those coeds who did not sign up in the pre-rush registration held during inter session will have their elig itility checked by Pan-Hellenic, and Will bC; notified before 1pm Sat urday If they are not eligible to go through rush Doctor Miller Says That Boilermakers Will Beat Indiana, Stop Hoernshmeyer “We are not just going to win against Indiana this year,” said Doc Miller, well known inside man on campus football dope and director of the Student Health Service, in timating with these words that we are going to lick hell out of them Doc, who proved his authority by reciting at will the scores of the last four games with Indiana, says that the fact must be faced that our team is not the same as the one which whipped Great Lakes, Camp Grant and Illinois, not to mention Wisconsin, Ohio State and Iowa However, last week they took the field after a week without practice, whereas this week all the team members will have the benefit of a full training schedule In answer to the question “Hoern schemeyer’’’ Doc indicated that he wouldn’t even show due to the Um veisity team’s overpowering play “Yes, Conference championship and the Old Oaken Bucket will be right here in Lafayette a week from Sunday,’’ finished Doc Year's First Ice Wreck Happens On Levee Yesterday evening, John W Townsend found himself in the first car accident on ice this season While crossing the Mam street levee, he lost control of his car as it skidded on the ice which had formed in a thin sheet on the budge Out of control, it ran up over the sidewalk and crashed into the concrete siding The car wedged itself between two of the pilings, crumpling both fenueis of the ’42 DeSoto Needless to say Mr Townsend was put out by the accident, which he said wouldn’t have occuiied it proper warnings were put up to wain motoiists of the ice on the
bridge
EARLE SPICER noted Canadian soloist, who will appear in the Music Hall Sunday afternoon at 3 o’clock
Hall To Speak At ISPE Meet H H Hall, chief engineer of the
qluminum plant of Lafayette, will be the speaker at a meeting of the Lafayette chapter of Indiana Society of Professional Engineers to night He will address the group at 8 p m in Room 263 of the Union
on the subject of aluminum Hall will illustrate his talk with
a color sound film He will discuss geological search, mine to metal,
and the fabrication of aluminum
Of New Discoveries, Work On Campus October’s issue of the Purdue En gineei available to readers on Monday, contains articles telling about the newer discoveries made and the type of work being done m engineering schools on the campus “Airport Runway Research” tells of research done by Professor Fadum in soil mechanics Description of separating alumina parti cles from optical grindings is given in the article “Alumina Classifica tion ’ The School ot Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering is doing this for the Bell & Howell Optical Company Glider Club facilities are outlined in one ot the less technical articles A new feature of the maga/;ine IS the “Formula Page,” which contains formulas taken from various engineering courses at the Univei sity prepared by students who have taken the courses, and approved by the instructor jvho is nr charge of the course Ihey are designed to make a useful leleicnco notebook for engineers Next month a new feature entitled “Purdue Personalities” will be started and will contain sketches of prominent instructois and stu dents at the University A secret attraction, about which the editois are noncommittal, will also be included in the November issue Definite announcement will be made next week as to the permr nent location of the Fngnicer office At the present timt the tern poidiy office IS Room 361 of the Union
Women students, representing the University at a senes of group discussions, will be sent to North western University campus on December 2 for a day’s discussion of activities, it was announced today by Professor L S Winch, director of forensics All women interested 111 the discussion program should attend a meeting Thursday after noon 111 Room 310 of University
Hall, at 4
“To what extent should economic controls be imposed on goods and services in the post war world ” is the question to be discussed at the Northwester 11 gathering The Purdue students will be meeting with women from all Big Ten member schools Formed into a number of discussion groups, each group representing six or eight schools, an orderly survey'of the question will be conducted at both morning and afternoon sessions According to present tentative plans four or five women will be sent from Purdue, Professor Winch stated Ihis group will be chosen from among those attending Thursday’s meeting at which time prep aiation of the question will be initiated Actual selection will take place later after everyone has had a chance to work over the subject matter and attack the pi oblem with research from then own viewpoint All women students are eligible for this activity no particular qualifica tions or experience being required Those not going to Northwestern may participate in later discussions Men’s discussion groups or debate teams are a possibility for the sec ond semester, Piotessoi Winch said Owing to the present uncertain ciicuinstanccs, however, plans for forensic activities in the spring are very indchnitc ihe policy in re cent years has been to feature women’s forensic woik one semestei each ycai ind the men’s teams the othci semestei Professor Winch Iregan his work in Umveisity forensics at the time of Ins coming here in 1931 He has been coach of the debating teams foi some ye us now War Veterans All sliidenis who have had service nr the United States Aimy, Navy oi Marine Coips since Deceinbei 8 1941, and who now hold a medical discliaige, should lepoit to the Dean ot Men’s Office at once —DEAN OF MEN.
Earle Spicer, distinguished Canadian baritone and balladist, will provide a musical treat in the Hall of Music on Sunday at 3 p ^m This unique musical recital will mark the fourth number of the 1943-44 series of lectures and convocations Spicer is considered one of America’s foremost ballad recitalist His greatest asset, however, is his magnetic personality and his ability to establish a responsive chord with his audience He has a strong sense of rhythm, admirably , adapted to the older and traditional dance forms on which so many of his songs are built The artist sings what his audiences like to hear, but at the same time they absorb culture without knowing it Later on the song may be forgotten but never is the singer forgotten He has appeared with many of the leading symphony orchestras as a soloist and also on the radio His collections of ballads includes hundreds of beautiful and rare specimens The type of program he offers deserves praise, for listening to Earle Spicer is a satisfaction whether one be in search of amusement, diver tisement, culture or knowledge Spicer believes that people today prefer music they can readily un del stand and enjoy without mental
ef?foit
The general public will be admitted by season tickets or through purchase of general admission seats which are priced at $110, including tax Civilian students will be admitted upon presentation of their receipts for University fees or passports, and service students by recreation card
Prichard, '33 Grad, Union To Hold Hold High Position Usual Dances Field Saturday Night
Lt Col Claude Lewis Prachard may be small in stature but he certainly isn’t as far as his position at Lubbock Army Air Field, down in Texas, is concerned Colonel Prichard is executive officer and
Union will sponsor the usual week end dances Saturday night frohi 8 to 12, with Lowell Mead’s band playing for stag dancers in the South ballroom and the reorganized “Five Men of Note” playing for couples in the North ballroom In a special effort to induce freshman coeds to attend the dance. Union workers will visit WRH before Saturday to explain the system in operation at the dances to the new students Service men will be admitted to the dance upon presentation of their social recreation cards, while civilians must show either their pass ports or schedule cards As is customary, the Sweet Sljpp will remain open until midnight to accommodate those attending the dance
Enrollment in the University for the current term has reached 6 504 students at the present time, but several hundred more are expected to register before the end of the week Approximately 40 civilians and 30 more ASTP students were registered yesterday when this enrollment data was announced by President E_ C Elliott Civilian student enrollment is now 2683, exclusive of the 266 engineering cadettes First term ■freshmen number 642, and of this group 265 entered school this semester The rest are classified as follows 275 second term, 356 thud term, 270 fourth term, 227 fifth, 137 sixth, 140 seventh and 213 eighth term Fifteen of the group are spe cial students and 130 arc graduates At least 178 more civilian students are expected to register this week Men registered so far number 1290, and the women aren’t far behind them with 1116 Schools in which the above group are enrolled number as follows 1003 engineering 76 agriculture, 49 pharmacy, 620 science, 690 home economics, 6 physical education and 6 111 trade and industrial education ASTP and Navy V 12 programs have registered 2 664 men, while only 800 are iii the naval electii Clans’ school In the V 5 and Flight Instructors’ School at the Airport there are 160 and 42 of the flying students are from Brazil, S A Union Installs New Pay Phones For Public Use Now evident in the Great Hall phone booths of the Union building iiie two new tele^ihones marked public pay phones These new phones were put in to relieve some ol the load on the Union switchboard and also to make long dis tance calls available I ong dis tance calls and telegrams can still be made at the west desk however 'Ihe new phones are for both local
and out ot town calls
MAJOR CLAUDE L PRICHARD
second in command at this advanced twin engine base at Lubbock, Tex The lieutenant colonel graduated from this University in 1933 with a B S degree in electrical engineering and a reserve commission of second lieutenant in the Field Artillery ot the U S Army He was a member of the Scabbard and Blade Military Honorary Fraternity and a member of the Purdue Order of Military Merit Worked in Greenwood Upon graduation he went to work with Noblitt Sparks, Inc, a manufacturing coneein at Greenwood That same year he married Miss Margaret B Wagner of Lafayette In 1941 he became the firm s per sonnel i-nanagei and junior executive and during that time he went from reserve officer second lieutenant 111 the Field Artillery to Cap-
tain
Then with the outbreak of war reserve officer Captain Prichard of the Field Artillery became Captain C L Prichard, U S Army Air Corps, on active duty at Brooks Field San Antonio, Tex After three months at Brooks, Captain Prichard was transferred to the Lubbock Army An Field, where he is now second in command
Cross
Donates Books, Cards
Decks of playing cards and quan titles of reading material have been distributed to the day rooms and made available to men in all ASTU companies on the Campus, according to Lt James Andrade regimen tal recreation officer The equip ment was generously donated by the Lafayette chapter ol the American Red Cross lor the use of soldiers stationed on the campus The reading material consists of the popular pocket sized books and includes such titles as ‘ I ost Hon zoir,” ‘ See Here Piivrte Hargrove” as well as a number of popular mys teiy and detective novels Folk Dancing will be the highlight at to morrow’s entertainment in the lee leation rooms of the University church Juanita Storey is making plans for social dancing and group games Pfe Leon Weeks has prom ised enough cidci and donuts for eveiybody that attends Everything
IS free
Now IS the time for seniors to make appointments for Debus pictures All students who expect to complete then prescribed courses during 1944 should go to the Debus office on the second floor of the Union to make arrangements Rooms 315, 316 and 319 will be open Thursday and Friday after noons from 4 to 5 30, and Saturday from 8 to 12 for this purpose Service men in ASTP, V'-12 and similar programs are urged to have pictures taken for the yearbook All pictures will be published m Debus, the University yearbook which will come off the press some time in June If a subscriber has left the University when Debus is published, the volume will be mailed to him Ihe pictures will be taken during the week of November 23d to 27th inclusive Appointments may be made for any free hour that week There will be no waiting, as each sitting will require only five minutes Activity cards will be filled out when the pictures are taken The information on them will be used as an account of the student’s University life, to accompany the picture in Debus Debus subscriptions are now on sale at ?3 50 Navy, Marines Get New Hours New hours for the V 12 have been in effect since last night In stead of the 10 p nr hours on week nights, as they have had in the past, they now have to be in then rooms studying from 7 30 p nr un til 10 p m Lights out IS at 10 30 p m Saturday night hours are as usual but Sunday hours have been changed to enable the Navy and Marines to be in then rooms studying from 8 p m to 10 p m Wesley Foundation
t
Announces Program Wesley Foundation will begin its first planned recreation program ot the new semestei tomorrow lionr 7 30 to 10 30 p 111 nr the tourida tion A games party will be held with the evening session being m charge ol Doctor Daze” and asso ciates
In observance of Armistice Day a brief commemorative program Will be held in the Great Hall of the Union at 11 o’clock today A short address by President Edward C Elliott will be the highlight of the program At 10 55 a m a bugle will sound to mark the beginning of a quiet period in the Union building All recreation departments, the Sweet Shop and the barber shop will be closed from 10 56 until the end of the program
Program
Besides the talk by President Elliott, the scheduled program includes the presentation of colors by the Purdue Order of Military Merit and Scabbard and Blade, the pledge to the flag by the audience and reading of the University Honor Roll by John L Woolling, president of the Student Union After taps the audience will sing “America” and a special arrangement of “America the Beautiful” will be sung by 40 members of the University choir. The group, directed by A1 Stewart, will stand on the balcony above Great Hall The entire program will be broadcast over WBAA An announcement from the President’s office states that all students and staff members who have no classes scheduled for that hour and who expect to attend the program must be in the Union by 10 66 o’clock No one will be admitted to the building after 10 58 a m until the close of the program Guards will be posted at all entrances and at the central stairways to keep order and to regulate the movement of visitors during the program The University’s customary observance of Armistice Day, including classroom obseiwance, the stopping of traffic on campus and the salute will be omitted this year [Sports Women Plan
Triangle
soiiil tiateinity announces their new address, 116 Maistellu street Ihcii telephone luiiubei is
7026
For 7:30 Friday Night Mixed lecteatiorj, an evening of entertainment for all students, has been planned for November 12 from 7 30 to 10 p m in the Women’s Gym Sports Women, an honorary for girls active in sports, is sponsoring the affair, according to the announcement of Lois Ver Hoven, president The activities have been organized to suit the varied interests of the entire student body Card games, including budge, will be played in the WAA lounge just off the main entrance hall of the building In the north end of the gym there will be dancing to recorded
music
Facilities for badminton, shuffleboard and ping pong will be available in the south end, and volleyball games will be organized for those interested m team play The swimming pool will be open from 8 to 9 p m and both men’s and women’s tank suits will be provided. The activities are tree and open again in the future, depending upon the attendance tomorrow night. They have been planned by*Sports Women to further the program for more entertainment on the campus. Prep School Officers Will Meet Sunday In a two day forum beginning at 9 30 a m Sunday morning, high school directors and vocational guidance coordinators and directors will discuss the conditions involved when a high school student goes to work according to Professor G E Davis of the education and applied psychology department Dr Paul Jacobson oi the University of Chicago and Mr Harvey McComb, state director of war production tiaimirg of the Department of Educ ition will lead the discussions, which will be held in the west faculty lounge ot the Union building. The irreetiitg will end at 3 Monday*
1=r h
*
ipmiiPiiiii
-SvC
^■Si'' f
"IP
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, November 11, 1943
Putdue Exponent
combined wifh Purdue Independent
Offices; Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phohe 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
Editor Business Mnnaprer Nct\s Editor MnnaRiHR Editor Sperts Editors
FHis Murph> Mnry Dilta ANilliam H Tyson Cirolvn Wilbur Ba>niond J hmith Kubscll M Lipcs
Publication Staff Editorial SfalT Associate Editors Tack Abbelt Ruth M lord Madelyn A Grt-tn-pv lames T Rich uls( n MirtauL \ btcHos Turn Atktrmin kiank ^ uh Scr'ice Staff Ainns Bttcr C ibriel This loo rntdnmn Jack Marino Ncwmin
Business Staff
Advertisms: Manager C I Gaunt Assistant Adverlisinp Alanasrtr B tty Maney Circulation Manae:<.r R ( Sauerman
Staff For This Issue
Niftht Editor Abbott Dav Editor Steffes Cil> Editor lord Usuc I ditor RichardMon
•sports I ditor Wright
Reporters Ti i ^ r Riijttu Richud in Stiutii Gtort^i son KittiJt Ih ks IhUjnf.«, tiint ( t/ Dinhim lta\ni H llTiiih 1 ii bci R C iibti H rmann liriMn
SI nl
Staff Photorrapher W C Tolber
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indian i unHir the act of Conprtbs of March 8, 187^ and at the peoia) rite of pistij,e piovided for in section 110*1 act <f Ocolrr ^ 1017 authon/cd January 20, 1922 lublishtd on fu da rbuibday ind Saturday mornings dur irp the \eai (\ cpt ceitiii vacati n perudb Delivered daily ly earner f r 2 for a s mister by mail for $1 60 for a stmcsici bubsmiti n^- may be oltancd at the Exponent office oi at the Wc t Uf''k of the Unu n perres pted for i ati ml advertising by National Advertising SciMcc lie (dk c Inhlishtib Representatives AIM M di on Am Nt.\\ ^oik N Y
q!.e WASmSTOK
Merry-^O-ROUHD
By DREW PEARSON Governmersf' To Set! Excess Eggs, Food Admiiiist'Fat-ioii And OPA
Wrangle Over Price
'\SIIIN(.TO\—II ^ou lile o„gs—rued, sciam lied (; La^toi—this mav inteicst \oii dht hi-.h pncL ol will soon come tumbling (’c\ n Thu F mpU Dumptv event will be biought al out In the ■- dc of fne nillion c eses ol government l\ai roo( Vu lation lespondmg to the piod dm,- of eiitie ai mFs tint it was putting too many e-,< m one hasl t ioi militaiy and Lend Lease pui po,c at the expense ol civih in lequnements Pekese of this ticmendous quantity ol eggs won’t im the hoiuewPe bid womeii Wai Food expeits ) eeaiise it might diseouiaee pioduction foi next jeai a.ieantimp Wax Food ind OPA aie lowing ovei the pi 1 c to be paid loi these five million eans ol cold stoi age pf'-gs WI A officiils pioteeting the pioduceis, w u t a hi„iici inicefoi eoid stoi ige eggs than iieshei c,-g^ OP\ thinking ol the housewife sa^s This is the fiut time \ t c\oi heard that eggs bceoine moie valu . ble as the\ eet ok'ci ' ’ But the ai I ood stand, fiim on the principle that the old eggs '-houid bung more moiiej Their reason Is that the old e„gs wcie stored b\ dealers who weic lilamig the u=ual seasonal game ol holding lor a rise in piiee, ^ ithout lealiziug that the government was going to step in and take o\tr at the fixed puce In othe>- w ords ai Foi d experts ai e tr> ing to hand dealers some of the speeulatnc profit they might have gotten, while OPA—ti ,ing to pioteet the consumei — wants to hold the price down The in ide goeeinmcnt egg debate is still ngmg
Vasidenberg Asid MacArthur
Spare That Desk . . .
\ lot ol people m 1940 thought that GOP Senator AiUiui Vandenbeig of Michigan might be the next Itepublii n candidate loi Piesident, but Van himsclt now his difieient ideas Gen MaeAi thin will accept the ReMblican nomindion it he is diaited ’ Vandenbeig i^ntly told a newsman Don’t ask me how I know, but I just hap])en to know lie s not thinking about this now His mam amliition is to leeaptuie the Philippines and to wipe the laps out ot the Pacific But has it evei oceuued to ^ou that he could accomplish this objective muehbitiei as C omniandei m Chief because he would then be in a iio'-ition to ineicase supplies to the Pacific J1onl ' Do \ou ihink MaeAuhui could he nominated ind dfctid'' ’ the senatoi was asked I not onh thnl it- I knoA Gen MaeAithui can liC the next, lusidcnt ol the United States” leplied Vandenbeig JIowe\ei I don t l3elie\e in moving too ■<ast If his campaign is managed ably, he can sweep the next Rejiubliean national eoinention like Willkie swc])! the last om, at the last minute ” Senatoi Vindenbeig denies he has iceeived a lettei f 1 om Mac Al Hull si it n-, that he would accept the GOP nommaiioii m 1914 tlioiuh such i eommunica lion u It puled to be behind the lecent bonan/a ot Mac'^ilhui Jo! Pi esident clubs 111 M iseonsm and othci St tes f hief behind tl e scenes M icAiLhui piomoteis aie loimei Ameuea Iiisieis, including Col Robeit MiCoimicl of the C hiea^,o 1 ubuiK Gen RobeitMTiod, held ol Seal Roebuck and Co and Lansing Ho>t, luesulent ol the Wisconsin MaeAithui loi Piesident
e lull
soil —Denioeiatie leaders who do not laior FDR fot a fourth term art delighted at the eurient Mat\rlhur boom—lor this season If gives them an excuse and precedent loi the draft Gen George MarImll moieine'it People might h^ne resented a move
to I un ( hiei ot StalT Marshall as Demoeiatie eandidite because ol his aetne participation in the wai But now with the MaeAitluii boom going lull swing,
till e, n’t
Political Si
'P
Admmi u 111 111 ) leis h ive now had lime to diag110 ( tlie d tail ol ihe sweeping Republican victoues,
and 1 IVt leaehed thes( conclusions
] J il Oi ilwav s(j]|(iB behind Roosev(It m picvi <11 (lidioiis loi till tiist time shows detinite signs
oi dc'-eiting llic Dcmoeiatu paitv in 1944
in Keiiluikv the laboi stiongholds ot Louisville, k(>wpoit mid Ashland went Republican In Philadcl pliia a 1 iljoi eiij, ex Amjjaswidoi Bill Bullitt was de
Cold Winf-er
Capital Chaff
Rough and leady Buloid Jestei, Texas lailioad eommissio'nei, leeently legaled a caucus ot the Texas Congicfc&ional delegation with the stoiy ot how he allegedly had tom SECommissionei Sumnei Pike to shieds ovei the question ot inci easing the pi ice of oil Pike, howevei, still seems to have a lot ot pi ice depiessmg mtluenee with Economic Stabilizei Vinson Vice Piesident Wallace is about to publish a Satev'epost aiticle on Snicj]! Business, tilled “The Little I Man w ith the Big Idea ” It will be the most intelligent boost foi small business liom any Administiation spokesman The public foi gets easily but chalk up a seoie loi comely Congiesswoman Claiie Luce as the fust to sound oft legaidmg U S lights on Allied bases aftei the wai She sounded the warning nine months beloie the Flying Senatois gave bnth to the same thing (Copyiight, 1941, iiv United Featuie Syndicate, Inc )
Russell Glasser
eisnih beattii In New tieisej a iahoi candidate loi
goveinoi tould not juake the giade
. . Mechanical Engineei, ’40, Fust Lieutenant in the Aimy Au Foice, is now stationed at Oilando, hla It Glassei has leeontly spent nineteen months in the South Pacific Region Foi his gallantly in ac tion he has leceived seven decoiations They aie the Distinguished Fljing C’loss with one oak leaf elustei the Distinguished Au Medal with thiee clusIcis, and the Puiple Heait Awaid foi wounds in action While at the Univcisity, Lt Glassei was a memhei ol Sigma Alpha Mu social liateuiity
GRIN AN0 rear it
ByLitlity
We have noticed in various classrooms throughout the University buildings a preponderance of pencil markings and knife carvings on desks and chairs. Th6 vast maionty of these maikings consist of unconscious “doodhngs” done during a boring lectuie or tough examination A great amount of the markings are initials of people who used the particular chaiT fot a certain class or are the initials of somebody’s best girl Ol boy fiiend Some of the markings on these desks are Greek letters ot various fraternities and sororities Initials, Greek letters and sometimes pictures can all be removed by sanding and revarnishing the desks, revarnishlng becomes necessary in time anyway because of Wear All this leads up to the fact that while doodling may be OK even though it does cost the University a little money and makes the desks hard to write on, there is a limit. Yesterday we went into a classroom that was completely new to us. It had obviously been used before quite often, however, instead ol the usual two or three haTdly discernible scribblings on a few of the desks, practically eveiy desk in the room was covered with markings—initials, pictures and caiwings of one kind or anothei Some of them were so deep in the wood that two or three sandings will be necessary to remove them These maikings amount to a definite and flagiant waste of matciial and misuse of public pioperty In addition, these pictures were typical ot those seen on the walls of a rundown privy, and contained all the vileness, vulgarity and obscenity that a practiced privy artist can think of While theie may be people who will say that these pictures have a definite place, we don’t think that anyone will defend them m their piesent position While these drawings and printings are on the desk tops, they aie a definite disgrace to the people who drew them, to the school in whose buildings they aic located and to the University
R0ihjmers Explains Last ^£p0ster Rating Charts
By Bln Tyson Exponent News Editor At the fend of Ihst semestei, students in all classes weic suipiised and amused by the appealance of a lating piogiam to be peifoimed by class instiuetois and piofessois in whijzh judgment was passfed on various chaiactei tiaits of the individual student on the campus The latiiig progiam, which was administiated by Di H it Remmeis, diiectoi of the division of educational lefeience, was earned out in class by each instiilctoi with the coopelatiOn of tile entile student body Chief leasoti foi ahiusement among faculty and students alike was the sixth chaiacteiistiC foi lating, namely, physical stamina 0th-
Taii Beta Pi Actives and Alumni Mem bers The initiation of the scmi term plediios anc) the initiation lianciutt will he held on Tuesdaj November 16 startinir at 5 p m m room 356 of thi Union All members ale coidially invited to attend -WORMSER
Siuma Alpha Epsilon Traternity Meetinu in loom 356 of the Union at 6 30 p m Monday Novimhei 15 Please be prompt -JONES
‘^Some people get all excited about post war plans—but I can’t get steamed up about getting along on just my husband’s pay check again ”
Siema Delta Chi Miilini; at 6 p m on Iiiday Nrvembei 12 in the Exponent office MURPHY
Eniversily Calendar
Kappa Delta Pi Open mcctini, Thiirsdiy it 7 30 p m in loom 212 of the Union Dr Dodds education teachci speaker COMPTON
Union Sophomores Those who petitioned for jobs in Amtust m ly pick up their keys in the Union office BOWLBY
4 00 P M 6 00 P M 7 OO P M
\ Thursday, November 11 C ommittet on State ol Univeisity Room 263, Union Fall Spoils Spiead WAA Cabin
Eliza Fowlei Hall
Purdue Model Railroad Club All intei ested in runninj: on either the O oi HO iruaKC layout phone a list of iviilible equip ment to Skillen at 41311 —SKILLEN
Exponent City Editors Meet ThUisday Novembei 11 at S p m in the Exponent olhcc -TYSON
NeWy Giaduation
4 00 PM
7 00 P M 8 00 P M
Friday, November 12 Women’s Pan Hellenic Registiaiion Meeting W Faculty Lounge, Upion Seivice Show (seivice men only) Hall of Music Pan Hellenic Paity foi Tiansfei Students E Faculty Lounge, Union
WAA Cillout it WAA cibin Ihursday Nov 11 nt 6 20 All modern dance members invited MORTON
YWCA There will be x YWCA C ibinet mettmt? in the YWCA ofTicc Tluubd^y No\ 11 at 4 p m CALDWFLL
Chribtian Science Org:anization Rejruln mcetint? of the Christian Science Orpraniza tion U) be held in the towei loom of the Union at ^ 30 p m luesday Nov 10 A business meetinij will follow immediately aftei WTid - SCHWANDl
2 Even more worrying is the farm vote 'Ihe President has long known that the big commercial faimers and larm organization leaders were against him but figured that the little farmers, who compose the bulk of the agricultural population, were still solidly Demociatic However, the President has now changed his mind lie IS convinced, according to close advisers, that the Demociatic Administration has lost the larm vote
9 00 A M
Saturday, November 13 Vocational Teaeheis E Faculty Lounge, Union
L. Schantz-Harisen
WBAA Schedule
Thurbdav
10 36 News 10 41—Smik Tin
1 lbs
12
Whatevei lou bum this wintei—oil^oi coal—it’s goiiV to be cold The public has the impiession that it is only coal which lb shoit now Actually, oil is even shoitei, latioiib foi this wintci being based on a 34 pci cent cut below pie wai consumption Ihe iuel situation is so bad that OPA expeits seveial months ago lecommcnded coupon lationing ot coal A waim debate followed between OPA and the Solid Fuel Co oidinatoi, in which Ickes, suppoited by the coil industiy, opposed latioinng But OPA expeits behoved coal would be shoit this wiiitei and, timing the summei, laid plans foi coupon lationing In August they wcic all icadj to go to mess with millions of coupon books Finally, howevei, the Coal Co-ordinatoi vetoed the plan Now it is too late to impose coupon rationing— partlj because there is not sufficient time to print the coupons and give out instructions to local boards, also because some coal is already distributed inequitablj — to consumei s. Ihus we shall have to rely on “dealei rationing” This does not limit consumption—only strings out the supplj in driblets, making a greater deliieiy task without decreasing consumption The public believes that oil is bountiful compaied with coal, and OPA is now besieged with applications Joi leconveision tiom coal to oil These aiiplications ale being lesistcd since the impiession of abundance ot oil IS meiely an illusion
Itdti It (1 (
11 U) Ml ninK M iLin 11 (1 PuiduL Nt\
11 ^5 News
12 0( taim Pouim 1 > 10 Mct-t the Bill d
News
Homcmxkcrs Club 1 U Music 1 J0~Sciciuc Revuw 1 [5 MaiUt 1 '' J Nous 2 0) St IV A Dav ^ 1 lieis Sfai Tuad 2 -{0 lie isuu Ch( t
News
Simjih Hall
News
lea lime Tunes Ju t Re) i\
56 News 00—Mtmouos of the Masters iO Music 55 -News 00—WBAA Barn Dance ■iO—lodd Giant Gets the Stoiy 15 ijventi,de Fehoes News 00 Musicana 10 Anythin,? But Swint? 55 News 00 Oir the Air
Notices
head of the Applied Design Depaitment, attended the annual Mid-Westein College Ait Conffeience last Fiiday in Chicago Alt in 1 elation to the piesent was the theme of the convention, postwai plans w'ere discussed, and new office!s weie elected Heads of ait depaitments fiom mid western colleges and iiniveisities and staff memheis attended
ofl
N
ID
L till M ss M in LI Music Vtspcis
Minut (t I ijc
Code Instruction Cl wSnc Lt^mneis S coiduy (0 12 W P M ) and Advanced (.1- W P M ) Code Instruction aie beinj? ( It, iniztd Sections will mett two (2) houis 1 tl w iks Mond ly through Fiiday at 4 and p m Classes will begin Monday Novem I el U and will continue foi i peiiod of six (( ) wtdes Sign up in the Supply Room in the Aimoi> piioi to 4pm Novcmbti l> N n militiiy students ire welrome —HESIERBERG
Buy War Bonds
Dm
Hi
pi
8 00-
News Music
Bejf i i Vi( / irduc Op n H R t to 111
News
•Th Bo 1 n in
S 1 Music
S 40- I lom the Pic s B x
8 4 M isi 8 >> News
J 00 Music u i 0 M Anvtl n g B it Swing
0 )o Nows
10 00 on the A r
All Pi Tnu Sigma Actives Meet in Pi Tan Sigmi 1 ) jpi of the M L buihhng at 1 p m Ihuis 1 i> N vembei 11 WORMSER
Kappa Della Rho Meel it 211 Pieice St hrtWien to 1 p rn Situiday Novembei 13 foi tl inspoit ition to paiti —JOHNSON
Inter fraternity President s Council Meet ng tonight in loom 361 of the Union it WlGGFRb
I rida> 10 do in 1 n (0
11
12 00 12 30
12
1 00 1 1) 1 dO 1 4>
00
N(ws
Smil Iim Woi 1 1 jlitu -
News
h urn r Him Meet the B ind
News
H( m m 1 i
Mu ic Mu le
Mar kels
New
St ly A Dai
-Pi t I hill 1
C 1 ih
Mihu M usK N ws
Altein f n M WAV! S Rcc MUSU ll V UK
i Stu Pai lU
LEARN TO DANCE ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS Wed., Dec. 1,7:30 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Dec. 2, 7:30 P. M. Adult Tap Classes Precede Ballroom Classes CHILDREN'S CLASSES DEC. 4th
ALLEN’S 6lh & Ferry
N('
N(’
limt Tuiu
st Rel IX
I ittk Miss Mulfett
Musu
Vtspe IS Sp rls R( \ It w Minute of Pi lyer Dinnti H u)
ARC
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW
TODAY THRU SATURDAY FIRST RUN WESTERN
YOUR W... ANSWER TO MORE WALKING IN LESS PAIRS
BRAWNY JARMAN
in hahdsome grain leatHefs You’ll nialch, roUgh-shod, through the worst wihtei weather. with the lasting walking comfort of Jarman’s distinctive
friendliness
of fit
$5^5 to $8^5
MOSr SfYlfS
B. & W. Shoe Co.
121 N. 4th St.
LUMA
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
TEXAS mmim
RipE
Jerome cowan faye emerson gene LOCkHAilT
uirmem
-HELD OVERTODAY - FRI. - SAT. V G
CHAS.COBORN-CARSON WYMAN
eis weie leadership, intelhgenee, knowledge of specific subjects and« demonstiated skills, lesponsibility and cooperation In Older to understand the whys and wheiefoies of the piogiam it IS necessaiy to go bhCk to its otigili.’ Col. Heiman Beukema, dnectbl of thb Army Specialised Training Piogiam, sent a dllCctive t6 the Univeisity last summei asking that all aimy men on the campus in ASTP be classified according' to these SIX chaiactei tiaits The niattei was bi Ought up befoie the executive committee and discussed at length as to the woithwhiletiess of any results 'whifch might bo obtained fiom such a rating and the ability of th’e faculty membeis to peifoitii such a latihg The matter was agreed upon and turned over to Dr Remmeis for administration, meanwhile it was decided that if the lesults were at all reliable they would be useful to membeis of the University staff for counseling pui poses as well as to the personnel office for reference, and so all students in the University weie included in the piogiam Knowing that it would be liupossible foi each instiuctoi to feel eapatile of judging eveiy student on all characteristics, it was left up to the faculty men to decide on just tvhich questions they weie capable of lating each student At piesent the rating car'ds aie being sorted and classified for tabulation of results Tabulations will then be studied foi reliability and validity by Dr Remmeis Final lecoids will be sent to the Deans of Men and Women, also to the Deans of the respective schools Dr- Remmeis expiessed the ophilon that if such a rating weib to be originated by University Staff membeis, the questions asked Would not necessaiily be the six cited m the aimy suivey, but would probably include some of that gioup It is his opinion that additiopal results of value could be obtaihed fiom a student rate student piogiam, supposing that Such a plan weie administiatively feasibleI . i hi { h
T} ■
,1 j*
ijthursday^ November 11, 1943^
'tiimlltam
V- ii-\ n
jm- M wi-wJ w JM<«i 'mi
*1 'V f« ■'1^' W^ '«S w w J jM- M
|Ti^e Battles Of Puraiie
“d?He Baltic .of Ptifciue” is a trim little pllr^lse herewith bf"fere,d without charge to any new service man here who has inbl'kii^dd*^ iiSed it. it fs vet^ h^efUl Ih thbsb’cby, 'self-deiii'eca-
dil oi lib fi‘giii*e,iibt(^ khd th'bn; Will ^b bvOt the-
.Ifibitdbuyiy vlrith We fdlks Mt home o'!- iwith tbo did boss wb hday ’lb‘l*'fi1‘ttiiifefbHiidbagaiii; '’ ■
'f “'Tiii't^dOii^ Ibl the biit'dSe fool J^ou.
^bs, •Usually; t>?’itb d Vfeifi of'thiilkiiig to the gehbral effect ^hye hferb fot d'obbn’t make ihiich setise, that as a riidtter ‘ol fact all the eartlbbl ybiih'g dhfeineef ttaihebs '^ill digi^ibg fobr'by fours and all the psychologists will
Npvy^ Marine Mews
For Service Men, By Service Men
Pam 3
I,’ ^ i.’ U V y'« AiWrQatli, Ignore Cgicaifs, WMsII^s
ASTP Enlarges
aC - ^*4 ,*,*
ique
Afa sei;^its M^rt Hea^^uArters Chan&&5 Title
By Jane Wendell
For the benefit of any of the new
5.ecent arrivals of ASTP soldiers, including many former
men of such limited service that University ROTC men, on the campus havfe necessitated mariy
-■■-OiiiMr! jL i, j. ' ,i" . 'iLiTjj.-t Jiave not yet become aware chahges in the Unit organization.
Bfetome lJ»inaynt KP's, ahtt that a guy who doesh t goWbhck Jh.t tw, is a coed school, the point All the trainees here are grouped together under the desig-
Very much nation “Army Service Forces” with Col. D. M. Beere as Commandant. However, there is still the differentiatioU between the 1545th Service Unit and ——.—
Pettier ^ T/a Morris iSettcr BAfcK tb ttdbKS A hectic session of registration, annoying rain, payddy, one last fall week end and furloughs are faint memoiies. As happens on every furlough, some came back engaged, others married; all had stories of one sort or another to tell about good times, about good Weather and bad; about transportation difficulties, about girl friends, about rationing. JTfew faces around . . . bid faces gone . . . glad to be back . . . good to be eating regular again. If they had to do it over again, most all of thtfttt would. However, backslapping is over, slide rules are oiled and we're ready for another 12-week ride ort the GI roller coaster.
hfl
is hereby made. It is!
#Whether this gets you anywhere is something else. '
There are about a thousand girls on the campus, and though the ratio is very much against the dogface or
the'Civilian ROTC students. The title “Battalion Headquarters” has given way to
Commander.
Those civilian looking men who are on the regular army chow line
, T-,,. , , „ the AST Eeserves and they are
Regimental Headquarters” attached to Company “C" while with Lt. Col. E. H. Hicks the here on the campus. All these fuExecutive Officer. This change in ture soldiers ai'e under 18 but will
‘E”
time their AST training progresses. “B” Company has a nbw C. 0. in
E” Company, under the com- the person of Capt. J. C. Timmons, mand of Capt. J. I. Johnson, has who is replacing Caht. H. N. Johnsections 1-6 quartered in the Union son, who has been transferred. Lt. while 7 and 8 are at 308 North R. A. Lyford is the hew Executive
street. First Lt. R. R. Tilt is the
I'Hrdtig'h'jd^'hksii’t dfiy sense of values.
% f'ejit^^t, don’t let it gbt ybu.
I^iieif :^o’u th'irik of the Battle of Purdue, for your own private (jonlumptlon you might try seeing it as a pretty sferious affray
which you’ve been assigned afe d fighting man.
y Whdt's more, the going is toucher thdn the surface glamouf
thiktif ihdi'Cdte. That long lidt of men whb failed last semester sailor, it’s still better than it was a casualty list just a8 sUtely as’ if they had been hit in isn’t it? ioddler bdttle's. And a lot of them were the worst type of ^ f subtle approach is your best
C^SUdltieS—the kind men suffer tot not digging loxholesAvheil gm,}j tried last term, but it was the result of the addition become soldiers in khaki upon their |,hey> should, for not taking cover vtvhfeh they should, for going didn’t work out to anything beyond new companies to the orig- reaching the legal age. In the mean
Into actioii %ith dirty Tifles.
XSl'B, Matihe, Navy Electrician and V-12—they’re all pretty loUgh set-ups. But very few wash-ups are inevitable, Und if you keep plugging, you should be able to V^hip them—with teuflficrent time left over fbr you to get a raoderatO kick out of
Hf e ds ybU gd along.
' Ahothei* thing. Don’t go all out on the proposition that any of these programs were dreamed itp in a vactiUhi and that the
Army and the Navy respedwvely are having had nights trying shoes shined and your teeth I to hgUre out what they can do with uS once we’re thtough. brushed, something might develop. IPs undoubtedly true that a lo’t of us are going to have a get out there too.
tmich tougher time becoming officers—if at all—^than we had
ihlicipated, but that still doesn’t mean that the service de- crelT” A ffit rf^giris weL” cSek partmehts aren’t going to use the skills in which we’re being letter pins, and while it is perfecttrained. ly ethical to engage in chit-chat • Try trusting the War and Navy Departments. Even if they w'th a girl wearing her sorority dott’t'confide in us; they’ve dbnfe darned well to date. One other P*"’ 'p downright unneighboriy thin$:. YoU’llprbbablygettodoalotof gripinghere. We all do. in/a fiiterffity phu ° yweaiBut let’s keep it among ourselves. Along the same lines, the fact btherwise, we’re apt to sound pretty foolish. A lot of kids that a girl has been wearing a minf^om both Purdue and Lafayette are in Italy and Africa and iature Marine emblem, or maybe a
the Solomons right now.
I i-,1 . cate she s a good patriot.
Answers in Activities
ert Young in the lead roles and '> qfi-yqu’rg ^ehuinely in-terested in tells an amusirik’ yht sympathetic activity, its dolstory of the efforts of a> yohhg, doughnuts you’ll meet nice naive wife to meet the responsibil- through it. There’s a dance
getting the girls all worked up, to four, sending hot denunciatory letters to Johnson Heads
the Exponent, the London Times and maybe the Chicago Tribune.
Rest Period
It seems you get a ten-minute break between hours, and if you are
careful to spend this draped in easy ’^®w company Executive Officer,
nonchalance just outside your building, with your hair combed, your
Officer. Companies A, C and D have the same commanding officers as last semester, namely, Captains C. A. McFadden, J. M. Howard and
Service Mep-f
To Feature
Tomorrow night’s movie program for, seivice men Will bring “Claudia” to the Hall < of Music as the feature attraction! The film Versioft of the’popular “Claudia” series
brings Dorothy McGuire and Rob- th^ blil.
Capt. Samuel Naismith, former battalion recreation officer, is now
commanding officer of Company M. L. Underwood. “F” while 1st Lt. R. C. Anderson JLucas Replaces Fisher is the recently appointed Executive Over at headquarters, Lt. WanOfficer. Headquarters and all eight dell Lucas, AUS, has replaced Lt. sections are housed in the Agricul- Richard Fisher as assistant adjutural Engineering Building, which tant and personnel officer. Lt. is still being made over to accomo- Fisher was recently transferred to' date the new men. a school for advanced training. Former ROTC Students Lt. Timothy Danaher, ACD, reROTC students, who are now sol- teived his promotion this week and diers, make up Company “G.” 1st it is now 1st Lt. Danaher, ClassifiLt. H. S. Jewett is the Company cation Officer. AST Band To Hold Call For New Men
-tlME CAPSULE I So that you can look back at some future date and recall what was happening at the time of “that particular fuilough”, here’s an over-all picture for your scrap book or wallet; The biggest single item of news Was the Moscow Conference which terminated with a four-power agreefiient on war and post-war policies.. At the same time Congress was batting around the Connally resolution on post-war commitments and not getting anywhere. ... A rail strike threatened but failed to materialize and at the same time months of bickering precipitated the coal strike which was quickly settled after the government resumed operation of the mines and granted the workers a raise. . . . Military developments were favorable with appreciable gains in the Pacific and the extermination of 100,000 Nazis in the Crimea. In Italy, progress was slow. . . . Roosevelt asked for a billion-dollar fund to provide one year of education aft6r the war for every man and woman with more than six months in the armed forces who desired additional education. ... A proposal to increase postage rates to 4 cents was defeated. ... A Michigan isolationist congressman was raising a fuss about a report that the War Department had purchased 5,000 copies of “Under Cover”—a book which had some unpleasant things to say about native fascists. At the same time, a group of teen-agers from Boy’s Town visiting the Capital, decided congressmen were rude and impolite because they wouldn’t listen to each other’s speeches. ... In all major cities, people were paying road-show prices for a weak anti-fascist movie called “For Whom the Bell Tolls”. ... In New York, Paul Robeson was Standing the critics on their collective ear with the first Negro “Othello” on Bioadway. . . . In Toronto, an anonymous person passed out fifty $100-bills to hospitalized service men and vanished without explaining. ... In Chicago, Ann Sheridan picked a Cuadal marine as hqr pinup boy and two days later he was pinup boy for the FBI who exposed him as a fake. . . . The Post Office was using psychiatrists and educators in an effort to deteimine whether Esquire jokes and Varga girls drawings were obscene. . . . The mint decided to quit making dimelike pennies and readopted the old copper ones. ... In India, thousands were pel'ishing in a famine. ... A Finnish woman asti-onomer found a comet which had been “missing ” for eight years. . . . After 14 months of GI use, the Stevens Hotel reopened for civilians. . . . Ration book No. 4 was issued.. .. Claik Gable was also home on furlough.
ities of rharriagq and adulthood
All service men on the campus to which fellows can come without
are jiermitted to attend and ‘wives dates and*the USO Saturday night of sfervice men are likevyise Wei- dances are getting bigger and bet-
come. ter as they go along.
From there on, you’re on your
own.
News and shorts will round out
eDEGREEllIN SPECIU CHISEL POINT... Un flit, amlir lead an) 18 Regulir Decrees
Jlea.dei.ihip
Microfomic Van Dyke Drawing Pencils with LEAD lay a thin but extremely opaque graphite line on your tracing or drawing paper. Result... clean, sharp definition wifhoul smudgihg. Shdrp contrast for good reproduction. With lltlCROTOMic vXhl dyke; yoUr drawings cottie cledril
IN FINE WRITING MATERIALS SINCE 1849
„ . "With dance dates and a regular radio program over a local station in prospect, the orchestra of ASTP men here on the campus organized last term will hold a callout for men from among the newly arrived trainees in the Music Hall tomorrow
evening at 6:30.
Prospective members should apply at that time at the room opposite the WBAA studio in —— ^ —— the basement of the Music The orchestra made its debut last Hall, to T-5 Hal Cooperman, term only a few weeks after it was who organized the group and oigani^d, as pit and stage band fm; . the soldieis musical here, ^‘Khaki 11 ec SI . Kampus,” and was one of Although the wash-up lists the hits of the evening, left the band’s personnel relatively The same night it played its first intact, instrumentalists of every dance date at the Union at an affair
OTHER OBSERVA'rrONS Despite Alt’s against it, hitchhikers were performing a patriotic service in staying off of overcrowded trains and busses.... Through the courtesy of local American Legion Posts, hitchhiking depots for service men were mushrooming through the Midwest. . . . Women were making few attemps to conceal their attitude about the man shortage. The only thing left with pockets, many joked, are pool tables. . . . Package liquor was hard to get and bourbon was a collector’s item. . . . Due to a shortage, many marines were wearing chevrons on one sleeve. ... Car owners with gas to drive were still doing 50. . . . “Paper Doll” was the most popular tune and a new “mother” song was being sung and played quite often—■ “Pistol Packin’ Mamma”. . . . The ammunition shortage made the hunting season a successful one for the birds and rabbits There were more blue stars than ever in residence and store windows—and a few gold opes.
Election November 23 On Novembei' 23 YWCA will hold elections in which all members are
eligible to vote. Candidates for type arc inged to apply. Especially jointly sponsored by,the Union and
president include Doris^ Hohenstein and Margaret Herd; for treasurer, Helen French and Betty Joyce Hughes; for secretary, Phyllis Baker and Mary Ann Click.
Wquld You Likq to PURDUE Smear INDIANA?
Free tiekets are available for the Purdue-lildiana football game to all those Interested.
A free ticket will bq given each person selling 15 Oh more subscriptions to the Purdue Exponent (before Npy. 2P of course).
good spots are available for
men and drummeis. Band Acquires Library
Since the band was last heard here, Coopeiman has busied himself in securing a library, and prides himself on the result. On hand are good orchestrations of standard dance tunes of the past 20 years.
the recreation^ committee of the
trainees’ battalion.
Plays at WRH
Subsequently the band was able to get in a dance date at the Women’s Residence Hall before exams loomed, and did well enough to in-
sure reappearances.
Cooperman was discussing regular radio appearances with a local
ODDS ’N’ END& New men will discover before long that there are absolutely no shortcuts on the campus. The way it’s laid out, there’s only one way to get to any building and that’s the long way. . . . One dogface tells of having made the trip fiom Oklahoma to Purdue m a baggage &r with some poultiy, a corpse and a shipment of radium. . . . The Unexpected blackout last week made it necessary for C Company to be paid by candlelight— most romantic. . . . Those who survived the registiation ordeal should receive campaign ribbons with a star for each semester in which they have to repeat. ... A knot of new dogfaces were having the hardships of life on a campus outlined to them—no KP, no guard duty, very little drill, the life of Reilly, they weie assurecE “Y’know, Bill,” said one of the basics to his buddy and slowly shaking his head, “I’m afraid that in a couple of weeks we’re going to have uncomfortable visions of men in foxholes”. . . . Seivice men are going to be allowed to raise beards for a competition to be announced soon. ... In case you haven’t checked as yet, Januaiy 29 is the day in which you are interested.
and scores of musicals all the way gtation before the term ended, but down to “Sweet Rosie O’Grady.” jg holding off temporarily pending
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheef music (latesL hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Main
Lafayette
Phone 7917
reorganization of the unit.
Where Is The Navy? The Exponent callout for the service staff has resulted in several soldier additions, but as yet sailors and marines have not been around. How about getting your news into the paper? Interested tnen may come down after 4 p. m. most any day, especially on Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the campus: Merck And Co., Rahway, N. J.— November 11. Interested in Ch.E., Chemists, (B.S., M.S., Ph.D.) Catalytic Development Corporation, The Houdry Laboratories, Linwood, Pa.—Saturday, November 13. Interested in M. S., Ph. D. chemists (oiganic, inorganic); B. S. Ch. E. Lockheed-Vega Aircraft Corporation, Burbank, Calif.—November 15. Interested in M.E., A.E., E.E., C.E.
Cqll in person at the Circulation Office of the Exponent and get subscriptipp t|pd fprthqp infor-
matiop. i ? 11
Servicemen! Civilians! Don’t Strain Your Memory or Purse— BUY YOUR DE Purdue’s Yearbook $350 NOW $350 SOLD AT DEBRIS OFFICE AND BY SALESMEN
Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Co., Pittsburgh, Pa.— Tuesday, November 16. Interested in (B. S., M. S.) M. E., E. E., P. S. E., Ch. E., Met, E,, chemistry, physics. Shell Oil Co., Inc., Tulsa, Okla.— Thursday, November 18. Interested in C. E., Ch. E., Met. E., M. E., E. E. The Texas Co., New York, N. Y.— Friday, November 19. Interested in Ch. E., M. E., B. S. chemists (male and female), M. S., Ph. D. chemists (organic, physical). Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Corporation, San Diego, Cal.—Friday, November 19. Interested in C. E., M. E., A. E., E. E. Phillips Petroleum Co., Bartlesville, Okla.—Date to be announced. Interested in men and women (chemists, physicists, mathematicians, Ch. E., M. E. ). Armstrong Cork Co., Lancaster, Pa.—Date to be announced. Interested in men and women (B. S., M. S., Ph. D. chemists and physicists; business administration; economics, E. E,, M. E,, C. E., Ch. E., P. S. E.). (Men with deferred military status prefeired except Ph. D. candidates). The Carter Oil Co., Tulsa, Okla—■ Date to be announced. Interested in E. E., C. E., Ch. E., M. E. chemists (B. S., M. S., Ph. D.). Carbide & Carbon Chemicals Corporation, S. Charleston, W. Va.— Monday, November 22. Interested in Ch. E., M. E., M. E.
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they aie interested in students for employment; The Kellex Corporation, New Yoik, N. Y.—Interested in men and women physicists, chemists, Ch. E. (B. S., M. S., Ph. D.). Sign in personnel office by Saturday, Novem(See PERSONNEL NO’PES, pk- 4)
HlMi'0f
,J,<* r>
BoikmiaKer S^rls
Thursday, November 11, 1943
Boilermakers Enfet
Cross Country Meet
Grandstand Echoes
By Russ Lipes
BOILERMAKERS STILL SECOND IN NATION
For the second time in as many weeks, the Boilermaker football team
All-Campus Boxing Tournament Friday
Featuring some of the best box-
RiveterS/ Wolverines Tied For Big Ten Lead
r or une secona tiiTie iii ub niaiiy wotJKb, iiie x:>oiit!iiiiciK.oi loutuciii todiii • x i ^ xr. qI-i
In preparation for the Conference cross country meet that has been rated the second best squad in the country. What’s more, an- talent on tne campus, tne aii-
is scheduled to be run next Saturday in Washington Park, Chi- other Indiana school, Notre Dame, is holding down the number one posi- ^™t'^flnals'^^ll^take°place in^the
C£|gO, Coach Herm Phillips sent the Boilermakers through an tion. This is the first time in many yeais that two universities from this House tomorrow night at 7 informal workout yesterday. Phillips had the runners play ^ti^t^.^ave been picked as the nation’s top gridiron pair. Notre Dame’s j. , ,, , . , , , , . , , unanimous choice as the top team IS the first time that any school has re- „ , , i.- i. • 4.i,„ a game of hare and hound in a heavy snowstorm last night, ^ one-sided approval by the Associated Press poll. However, p f
The hounds were sent out five minutes after the hares with as time goes by, many sports writers and fans are hailing the present ^uiaue tum-
Notre Dame squad as the best Irish team of all time—and thats saying
a lot.
The only other Big Ten school in the running is Michigan, and the Wolverines are in possession of foui’th place, behind Navy. The Boiler-
instructions not to return until they had sighted the hares. 'With eight of the Big Ten schools expected to enter the meet Saturday, the Riveter team is rated as favorites for the title. The Boilermakers have attained this rating by virtue of two one-sided victories over Conference opponents. Wisconsin was defeated 47-16 while Indiana bowed
to the Riveters 46-17. lyiannfeld Heads Riveters
Reflections
At Random
By
Pvt. Gordon Gilchrest, USMCR
by the Naval Electricians School. The men who are prepai'ed to enter have been readying themselves daily, with extensive workouts and
With only two weeks of play remaining, the Western Con-i ference football race has shifted down into a( perfect alignment of offensive power. The Boilermakers, although tied with Michigan for the top spot in the standings, ranks second to the Wolverines in offensive and defensive statistics. In five gamfes played thus far, the Riveters have gained a total yardage pOr game of 321, while Michigan Tumbling Club Will Hold 347 for its four eon-
makers are still the top undeteated-ontied squad in the nation since they „e..„e„t tutelage
of Coach Jim Beers. Preliminaries have already taken place, with sev-
have completed eight games, compared to seven for the runner-up A possible post-season Purdue-Notre Dame battle has been frequently
suggested, but it is rather evident that such a tilt is undesirable with the moving""to’ the”fore1
Riveters weakened as they are following the loss of may of t^ir stars.
Incidentally, the Boilermakers did journey to South Byd m 1939 to open McMillen, a civilian. Here are a few tips that I be- the season against the Irish, only to lose by a field goal, 3 to 0.
lieve may be of some use to some-
one on the campus. A few are orig- WEEPING SEASON IN PULL SWING AT BLOOMINGTON inal, some have been picked up Several days ago the lumor reached us that it would be a good idea
In addition to the Riveters, Indi- around the barracks, and others are to watch the releases from Bloomington, as the chances are that Bo ^^rbliss "who has b”ee7in* th^^ Maana, Wisconsin, Iowa, Northwest- taken from other papers and maga- “Weep” McMillin will not use his first team in the Great Lakes game years prior to his erp, Illinois, Chicago and Ohio zi^es. If you have any little trick this coming Saturday, and that he is saving them for the “Old Oaken station. Zverbliss State are expected to send teams that may help someone else send' Bucket” battle. So far several first-stimgeis have been declared out of proven himself both in* practice compete. Only Michigan and it in and we’ll pass it on. the Bluejacket game because of injuries. It is going to be interesting to prelims, having annexed
has knocked out two men in the prelims in addition to the KO’s he has achieved in practice sessions. He will be matched against Sgt.
tests. On the defense, Michi-
rBlInut TllP^daV Nov 16 fi^s held its opponents to a
taiioui luesoay, nov. lo
All gii'ls interested in tumbling while the Boilermakers have either as a sport or hobby are in- allowed their opposition 161 yards, vited to come out for the Tumbling Following the Wolverines and BoilClub which will have its first meet- grmakers in the offensive standings ing next Tuesday at 4 p. m. in the ^^^.g Northwestern and Indiana. On Women’s Gym. This group, which ^.j^g defense, however, Indiana is will be organized by Selma Mark- ranked third and the Wildcats man, has in the past usually given fourth. * ye acrobatic performyce per yar. Wolverines also boast the inGir s who plan to try for the cheer- ^on-
leading squad are especially urged
ference, in the person of Bill Daley,
to
Minnesota will be absent from the competition this season. Phillips
watch the Hoosier lineup Saturday.
two victories by the KO route.
to take ' a g pp who leads Tony Bu^ovich of the
nity.
Miss Constance Baum of
FIELD SCARFS issued by the Weeping about the'prospects of winning from the Boilermakers has jjgjyfjUen Brothers to Box
plans to take a seven-man team to quartermaster, especially to ma- also been heard, and should increase in volume as November 20 draws McMillen, who until now has
Chicago, including Bob Mannfeld, rines, are thin and hard to press near. Let them weep and say what they will, but the “bucket” is coming football squad, has who was second in the state meet without seams on the back pressing back where it belongs. rejoined the boxing squad. He
last week end> Ed Ericsson, Bill through and showing up on the
was a finalist in the national inter-
collegiate boxing tourney held last
Biele, Bill Haynes, Joe Kennedy, front. To make them look neater 14 STRAIGHT FOR HOFFMAN AND DUBICKI
Burt Peterson and Jack Wahl, cut a piece of cardboard the same Herb Hoffman and Stan Dubicki aie finishing thpn secumi seasuu wiui together with his brother Chuck Duesler, the captain-elect of shape as the ties and slip it inside an undefeated-untied football squad, and should the Riveters win over outstanding member the squad, has been working with while ironing. Indiana, it will mark the fifteenth consecutive game for them under g^ Beers’ squad. He is matched the squad each afternoon but is not such a record. They were both members of the undefeated Shurtleff Col- g^g^inst “Footsie” Helpin, a good, eligible for intercollegiate compe- WHITE STRIPES on navy blue lege eleven last season, playing 6(}-minute ball in most of the games, and j^g^er. tition because of the aimy ruling. jumpers have always been a prob- they are both membeis of the Riveter varsity this season. g^^ gf civilians Two years ago the Riveter har- lem. Another suggestion for touch- Spirit definitely has been in the background duiing the piesent grid left on the’campus, will meet Denny
Boilermakers, 7.1 to 6.5 yards per try. Both of these boys have been
Physical Education Department will gnsferred and are now out of combe the instructor; no regular cos- petition. Butkovich, who broke the tumes will be required. There vvill gjg scoring record with thirbe no dues, and regular practice touchdowns in four games, will be held on Tuesdays and Thurs- igg^g the Scoring column. However,
days at 4 p. m.
riers went through an undefeated ing them up is to rub a white Cutex season, but veteian rooteis and also foimer players inform us that never g newcomer to this Uni-
season and won the Conference pencil carefully over the stripes have they heard such poor support from the student body, and particutitle under the leadership of Ed and crows. Allow to dry before larly the spectators at Ross-Ade Stadium this season. We knew it was
Holderman. Last season the squad weaiing.
was forced to be contented with
third place.
National Meet Cancelled
Since only seven teams entered the national cross country meet the officials decided to cancel the contest because they felt that at least
SCUFFS AND SCARS on brown or tan shoes may usually be removed by erasing them with a soft rubber eraser.
versity, here by virtue of his being a V-5 flight student. Ruff is noted for his expert use of the jab, using his height and reach to advantage.
bad, but we didn’t know that it was that bad. Howevei, we have seen all of the Boileimaker’s games this season and we can honestly say that the
crowds at the Marquette and the Wisconsin games were even worse. It McGarry is a~fa7 boxer,' short’’but was hard to believe that spectators were even in attendance at those gp fo^. jf ^vith his great games. Minnesota’s crowd has been the most enthusiastic that we have gpggd This bout should piove to witnessed, although the fans at Cleveland foi the Ohio State game, and exciting, since both are very also the sailors at Great Lakes gave their teams tremendous backing. :
fast and good boxers. Ted Owens will njeet Harry Ockstein in a 155-pound bout. Both are Navy men, Owens and electrician and Ockstein a V-12 trainee. Other matches are not definite l^ut the boxers who are avaialable for the competetion are; W. Brandlin, W. Cooley, J. Smith, M. Peregrine, A. Aeine, D. Heile, F. Meador and F. Efnor.
Buy War Bonds
there is an outside chance that Elroy Hirsch, Michigan back, who is now in second place, may edge opt Toity for final honors. Hirsch now has seven touchdowns and two games to play against defensively weak Wisconsin and Ohio State, and if the “Ghost” should get hot in the last two games, there is a possibility that the record may fall again. Sam Vacanti, the Riveter quartei'back and passer, took fourth place in the passing department, although he has completed only 16 out of 54 throws for a .296 percentage.
EMPTY SHOE POLISH CANS
ten teams were'ne'cessar7t7m7ke converted into a handy and SPUTTERINGS
a meet worth while. This cancellation means that the Boilermakers
will conclude the 1943 season this week end. ^ith the announcement of the cancellation of the meet comes word that Herman Phillips will serve another year as president of the National Collegiate Cross Country Coaches’ Association.
fool-proof ash tray by simply cutting a small hole in the top. Ashes will not blow from this when windows are open or fall from it when
knocked on the floor.
Personnel Notes
(Continued from page 3) ber 13. War Department, U. S. Engineer Office, Providence, R. I.—Interested in C. E. not eligible for militaiy service. Sign in personnel office by November 17.
NAIL POLISH may soon be confiscated for the armed forces. Aside from putting a protective shine on buttons we have another use for it. When the metal tips on shoe laces come off simply dip them in nail polish and when hard it forms a
We sat beside him and we heaid what he said last week at Minneapolis, but we certainly feel that the ciiticism leveled at WBAA's sports announcei is veiy unjust. Too many “critics” are just as narrow minded about this matter as they are about the Chicago Tiibune’s sport section. . . . Don Hutson of the Green Bay Packeis has proclaimed Cecil (1-A) Isbell as the best passer of them all. . . . John Andretich, former Boilermaker back playing at Camp Grant this season, has been transferred to another post. . . . Six inches of snow now coveis the Minnesota gridiron and athletic director Lou Keller has piomised 300 woikmen to clear the field foi Saturday’s game with Iowa. Only last Saturday he claimed to be so shorthanded that it was impossible to cover the field with canvas before the Purdue game. . .". Big Mike Kasap has more fun than anybody else on the team; whether it be practice or the game itself.
good substitution.
AWS Will Vote for Officers Nov. 23
WAA Riflery Begins Monday
Theta Xi
Attention: Men in ASTP (terms 5 and 6); NCTP (terms 7 and S'); Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Co., Pittsburgh, Pa.^— Tuesday, November 16. Interested in M. E., E. E., P. S. E., Ch. E., Met. E., chemistry, physics.
Classified Ads
MQne:^' to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Iioan Office. 407 Columbia.
Typewriters: Adding macnines, all naakea cold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Waiters Wanted—Applj to Rosenbaum. 7724.
Wanted—Students to work in Union Cafeteria and also on army and namy lines 45 to bO cents per hour
Lost—Pi Beta Phi pin Engraved on back Mary Jean Caldwell Phone 5011.
Student Help Wanted —Male; pait time. Apply Mr Crockett, Puidue Memorial Union office, 4 p m. to 11 p m.
Wanted—Boys to work in Army and Navy kitchen during serving timi Excellent 3)a> I Apply Service Office, Cary Hall
Buy War Bonds
AWS elections for officers will be held Tuesday, November 23, in the great hall of the Union, from 10 until 5:30 p. m. Eveiy woman student is eligible to vote, but passports must be presented by those desiring ballots. Girls running for offices are as follows; Piesident, Beth Ludberg and Nelda Reed; secretaiy, Pat Patterson and Ginny Warren; treasurer, Judy Jones and Martha McCulloch ; junior representative, Mary Jane Doll and Betty Murphy; sophomoie representative, Katie Bud, Peg Luehrs, Barbara Sanders and Marian Swanstrom; freshman lepresentative. Peg Billings, Lucy Goetz, June Hanson and Carol Lofquist. In the freshman and sophomore section two of the girls are to be chosen in each group. All women students on campus are members of AWS, which is the governing oiganization for coeds. AWS conducts the freshman orientation piogiam, makes and enforces lules governing the coeds, conducts vocational conferences and does any other work in the interest of campus coeds. Hence it is much to the advantage of all women on campus to vote in these elections, which are now held every semester.
WAA- will hold the first rifiery practice of the semester Monday in the Women’s Gym, according to Frances Allen, head of rifiery. Practices will be held Monday through Thursday from 6:30 to 8:30 p. m. Time when each house may practice will be posted at a later date. All participants must be WAA members. Because of a shortage of ammunition a tournament may not be scheduled, but practices will be held for six weeks.
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Louis Fischer, president; William McCullough, vice president; George Helffrich, treasurer; Joseph Winkler, senior steward, and Leighton Fisher, junior steward.
IS WASTED MANPOWER, CRITICAL MATERIALS, TRANSPORTATION, EQUIPMENT AND FUEL
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Conservation of electricity i^ a homefront duty for every man, woman and child whether at home or at business. Although individual contributions may be small, they can yield tremendous savings in fuels.
materials, and manpower when un* dertaken by each and every person. Among the ways in which electricity can be saved by residential con-, sumers are the following:
Wanted—Student. Part time help—call in person.
University Drug Store
SuhAjc/alfSL Tbow! to Purdue Exponent
Subscription to be mailed 16 weeks $1.60 Subscription to be mailed 12 weeks $1.20 Regular subscription 16 weeks $1.25 Regular subscription 12 weeks $ .95
Name Address Where delivered to-
Date
12 weeks Q 12 weeks I I (Check one)
Clip coupou/und return to Exponent Office in sub-basement of Union
MVJBAT
Because it is exclusively "MY OWN" —blended-to-order jiglic before my to match my own skin tone by
Just.Tn INK
iWheiT^you find how little it costs to^ get.a,full,box,"^you’ll come right in I 7 'A ^ ^ !tod^ for jour personal blend.~
1
elceli&
Cosmetics — Street Floor
Conservation in Lighting Use (a) Turn off all lights not actually needed. (b) Turn off fans^ radios and other electrical appliances when not needed.
(c) Keep lamp bulbs, reflectors and fixtures clean.
Turn off lights when not actually needed
(d) When large bulbs burn out and replacement is necessary, use smaller ones if they will give the required illumination.
Conservation in Electric Refrigeration
(a) Don’t keep refrigerator temperature too low.
Never leave refrlgerafor door open
(b) Never leave refrigerator door open. (c ) Let foods cool before placing iq refrigerator. (d) Reset refrigerator temperature control to normal after quick freezing. (e) Defrpst regularly. (f) Keep refrigerator properly repaired. (g) Turn off refrigerator prior to departure for any great length of time.
Never use range for healing kitchen
Conservation in Electric Cooking (a ) Do not usethe range for heating tlm kitchen. (b) Use less water for cooking. (c) Use thrift cookers where possible. (d) Keep the range clean and properly adjusted. (e) Turn the heating unit down and cook on stored heat as much as possible.
Repair leaky hot water faucets
Conservation in Electric Wafer Heating (a) Do not waste hot water. Do not let hot water run when washing dishes, shaving, etc. (b) Repair leaky hot water faucets. (c) Heat only as much water as is necessary. (d) Turn off water heater prior to departure for any great length of time.
WON'T YOU HELP ELIMINATE WASTE?
/m
7
r
V
f I