Purdue
2^186
Exponent
Volume if" No. 1
Thursday, June 13, 1940
Students Register For Summer Session Today
Classes Begin Tomorrow; Camps^ Chemicals Started
Chemists Meet On Campus Tomorrow CAA To Train 105 Pilots Mid-West Convention Of AChS
In New Summer Program Physical Examinations Underway, Actual Training To Begin Saturday Preliminary physical examination of applicants for the University CAA flight training course to be offered for a field of 105 interested persons here this summer began Tuesday by the student health service of the University, according to G. Stanley Meikle, director of the Purdue Research Foundation and in charge of the flight training program. The actual work will get under
Health Service Open All Day This Summer, Dr. Miller Reports Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the student health service, and his associates, Drs. F. M. Hall and P. H. Schmiedicke, will hold open hours from 8 to 12 a. m. and from 1 to 4 p. m. during the summer session, a bulletin from the health service reported yesterday. However, Dr. Bertha Rose will not be in her office this summer, the bulletin continued. Further, the complete physical examination will not be required for entrance to summer session, but an examination will be given for $6. Too, the pharmacy service will be open during the summer. Hospitalization will be provided this summer for $10 and not for $20 as is customary during regular sessions. Short Course For Water Works Operators Closes Economic maintenance of a pure, adequate, and reliable water supply were emphasized at the threeday Water Works Operators Short Course which opened here at the University on Monday to continue through Wednesday. Representatives from approximately 70 water works scattered all over the state were in attendance. The Bureau of Sanitary Engin-tf eering of the Indiana State Board of Health and the Indiana Section of the American Water Works Association cooperated with the Uniin conducting the instructional work evrsity school of civil engineering of the short course, in which the emphasis was placed on the protection of public health. The year’s be held here, was designed primarcourse, the second of its kind to ily to meet the needs of the operators of small ground water supplies. Proper methods of well construction and a pure, adequate, and reliable water supply were outlined tion to insure both efficient operaby N. E. Gunderson, of Mishawaka, a construction expert, while J. F. Freeman, of Lawrencebui’g, and Prof. W. E. Howland, of Purdue, supplemented his address with a detailed discussion of well operation. EARL HUFF TOPS FIELD IN INSECT IDENTIFYING The cup offered for first place in insect identification was won by Earl Huff, of Brazil. Ben Erwin, of Lafayette, took second honors, with Nathan Greer, of Scottsburg, third, and Marjorie Holt, of Otterbein, fourth. ^ Miss Holt added to her fourth place in insect identification the cup offered for top honots in division II of the insect collection contest open to thoseu^who have collected insects for two or more years.
Thirty-Four
Expected To Draw300 Scientists American leaders in the field of chemistry and chemical engineering will gather at the University tomorrow and Saturday for the annual mid-west meeting of the American Chemical Society. This meeting which is being sponsored by the University section of the AChS is expected to attract 250 to 300 scientists, who will discuss “Recent Trends in Chemistry
and Chemical Engineering.”
way June 15 at the University air-, port under the direct charge of Capt. L. I. Aretz, who has been in charge of the other two flight training programs conducted by the University during the past two years. According to the regulations the summer course must be finished by Sept. 15. Each person, who successfully completes the program, will be issued a private pilots license. Age Limits, 18 - 25 The age limit set up for those desiring to take the program is 1825 years. Three/groups of college persons have been set up and are as follows: those possessing a degree or graduatiofi certificate meeting the requirements for eligibility to participate in the CAA program; those who have received scholastic credit for one year of college work during the 1939-40 scholastic year, and those who have received scholastic credit for at least two years of college work in institutions meeting the requirements of the CAA. $6 Medical Fee Meikle said that the only fee connected with the summer CAA program would be the $6.00 medical fee, which will be refunded if the applicant successfully passes all of the Requirements, for the program. He also said that there would be a final physical examination that would follow the preliminary one. Everyone who is interested in this summer program is urged to communicate with Meikle at once.
Summer Session Social Committee Announced Headed by O F.Hall, of the education and applied spychology department, the summer faculty and student social committee was announced yesterday. The committee, which will direct all convocations, mixers, and sport recreation, is composed of 11 faculty and 15 student members. Faculty members of the committee are: Louise Baird, M. L. Clevett, G. E. Davis, J. E. Dietrich, H. G. DeKay, V. C. Fi’eeman, T. R. Johnston, Hilda Schwehn, A. P. Stewart, L. M. Vallely, and O. F. Hall . The student committee is composed of: Isabelle Allen, Jane Blind, A. B. Clark, R. W. Donahue, Paul Hammon, D. K. Heiple, Ralph Heckel, R. A. Hoffer, W. D. Huls, Carolyn Kiesling, Agnes McCullough, J. H. McKee, Alice Newton, Ruth Wattleworth, and J. D. Wolff.
The extensive two-day program also includes the dedication of the recently completed chemical and metallurgical engineering building on Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock. S. D. Kirkpatrick, editor of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering magazine, will make the dedicatory address with Dean A. A. Potter officiating. Meeting Will Follow Kirkpatrick will speak on “Service Through Chemical Change.” The annual meeting of the Indiana Chemical Society will follow the dedicatory program. Papers on subjects in the various fields of chemistry will be discussed in sectional meetings during the session. Among the outstandingspeakers who are scheduled to speak at these meetings are Dr. J. 0. Hirschfelder, University of Wisconsin; Dr. W. A. Noyes, University of Rochester, and Dr. W. H. Roudebush. University of Illinois. Deming Will Speak Among the speakers before the educational chemists’ group will be H. D. Deming of the University of Nebraska. Murray Raney, Chatanooga, Tenn., manufacturer, and Dr. Homer Adkins, University of Wisconsin, will be among the speakers who will discuss hydrogenation before the industrial and engineering section. Dr. Roger Adams, Willard Gibbs medalist from the University of Illinois, and Dr. George Calingaert, director of the Ethyl Gas Corporation, will speak before the organic and
pharmaceutical sections. In addition to the sectional meetings the various laboratories on the campus will be open for inspection. Several exhibits, including the cyclotron in the physics building and the nitro paraffin display in the chemistry annex will be in operation for the visitors. Another feature of the program will be the “Fashions Out of Test Tubes” show which will be staged in the Music Hall at 8 o’clock tomorrow night. Chemical Clothes The show, which will be open to both the visitors and the general public, will present a panoramic view of the clothes which are now being produced through chemistry. The National Manufacturers’ Association is staging the demonstration with the aid of Crenia Sandler of New York who is training the models appearing in the show. Exponent Names Publication Dates With today’s issue the summer session Exponent begins publication, printing papers on Tuesday and Friday until the^ second week in July, and after that on Thursday of each week until summer school is over. Papers may be obtained in the Recitation Building, Union, Library, and at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the University Book Store. The papers are free to all summer school students.
55 Fraternity Men Here For 2nd Officers School Fifty-five fraternity officers and members representing 28 fraternities of 18 colleges and universities from over the nation are convened on campus in the second annual Fraternity Officers’ Training School.
. . . University students specializing in forestry left Sunday for the four week forestry camp in the Clarke County State Forest at Henry ville. The camp program includes two weeks of practical instruction in dendrology, mensuration, and sur--veying; one week in forest entomology, saw filing, and the use and conditioning of axes; and the final week in timber cruising. During the summer, forestry camp activities will be covered in the Exponent by a special correspondent at the camp.
The school opened Monday and will close tomorrow night with a banquet in West Cary Hall. Meal Planning This mox'ning’s program includes a discussion on meal planning, under the direction of ^,Miss Edith Gamble, director of home economics institution management, from 9 until 12 o’clock. Coupled with this discussion will be one on food purchasing, conducted by J. R. Johnson, who is assistant purchasing agent of the University. This afternoon the fraterpity officers will be concerned with pledge training and guidance. Etiquette Discussion Tomorrow’s program involves a house maintenance discussion under the direction of C. D. Bushnell, superintendent of the University physical plant, a discussion on handling commissary personnel conducted by Miss C. Naomi McGuife, supervisor of foods and house management for WRH, and a consideration of the social programs, activities and chapter etiquette of the fraternities by G. 0. Arbuckle, director of the Cary Halls, with the assistance of Miss Georgann Schilling, He ’40 and author of campus etiquette book, “Pardon Me.”
Dean Jordan Given Honorary Degree The honorary degree of Doctor of Science was conferred upon Dr. Charles B. Jordan, dean of the Pharmacy School, at the 47th commencement exercises of the New Jersey College of Pharmacy, Rutgers University, on June 5. In conferring the honorai'y degree upon Dean Jordan, Dr. Robert C. Clothier, president of Rutgers, said, “It would seem futile in this company to recite the story of your services to the pharmaceutical profession. We are not concerned tonight with minutiae, rather with the results in professional and educational advancement which have flowed from your endeavors. You have been diligent in research and in scholarship, loyal to the highest standards of the profession, and influential in promoting its best interests.” Dr. Jordan addressed the graduates, telling them that they must take the dui^ies of citizenship seriously and that the state •will expect more of them because of the opportunities which have been afforded them.
Starting this morning at 7 o’clock with registration in rooms 30S and 304 of the Executive Building, the 1940 summer session, directed by Dr. F. B. Knight, of the education and applied psychology department, will get underway. Registration
will continue until 4 p. m. Tomorrow morning classes for regular summer session students will begin. Although activities on the campus do not start until this morning, the two schools of the University which require summer camps, and the chemical engineers have already started to work.
Foresters
The forestry school opened camp Sunday at Henryville with 35 students working on all of the practical phases of the forestry industry, and will continue until August ,3. Seventy five civil engineers began their work in the field at Ross Camp, south of Lafayette, Monday, and will spend nine weeks qn various surveying problems. Chemical engineers registered at the University Monday and started in on a summer cz’ammed with labs Tuesday morning. The University ROTC unit, consisting of two batteries, 181 men, will report to Fort Knox, Ky., for six weeks on June 14. They will be in training with other ROTC units from the fifth corps area under the command of Col. D. M, Beere, of the University. Final Plans Completed For Teachers' 26th Annual Convention Arrangements are being completed for the annual summer field day at the University Soils and Crops Experimental Farm, situated east of the city, to be held Friday, June 21, it has been announced by Harry J. Reed, director of the University agricultural experiment station and Dean of the School of Ag-
riculture.
The entire morning and much of the afternoon session will be devoted to an inspection of the hundreds of tests and experiments in progress on the farms. Members of the University agronomy department will be on hand (/to explain-re-sults of the tests and answer questions of farmers and others visiting the farm. Principal speakers for the noon program will be Dr. William V. Lambert, associate director of the agricultural experiment station, and Prof. Frank Hall, of the history department. Dr. Lambert will explain “The Value of Research to Farms,” and Prof. HaU will speak on “Straws in the Wind.” Elliott Named Co-Chairman Of Indiana CAA Committee President Edward C. Elliott and Richard Fairbanks, president of the Indianapolis News Publishing company, have been named co-chairmen of the Indiana executive committee for the civil aeronautics authority’s program to train civilian pilots and ground workers, it was announced
Tuesday.
Working under President Elliott and Fairbanks on the executive >!:ommittee will be eleven other Indiana public dignitaries. Chairmen of the twelfth Indiana congressional districts were also named in the annoimcement.
Dr. James Smart Memorial Window Dedicated Sunday As a part of the commencement exercises last Sunday, a stained glass window, commemorating Dr. James Henry Smart, president of the University from 1883 to 1900, was unveiled in the Union. The window is located above the steps between the first and second floors of thfe west entrance of the build-
ing.
In a ceremony preceding the unveiling, James W. Noel of Indianapolis, vice-president of the board of trustees of the University, delivered the principal address on “Dr. James H. Smart—Man and President.” Noel outlined Dr. Smart’s distinguished career and his efforts in building a firm foundation for the University. Noel served as secretary to Dr. Smart from 1892 to 1894. Window Donated The window, was made possible by a bequest in the will of the late Alice Earl Stuart, wife of Charles B. Stuart, a trustee of the University during a great share of the time that Dr. Smart was president. The significance of the window was explained by its designer, Charles B. Connick df Boston, Mass. David E. Ross, president^^of the board of trustees, accepted tnA window on behalf of the University from Allison E. Stewart, nephew of Mrs. Stuart. I' Depicts Campus Instruction The arts and sciences taught at the University are portrayed in the many panels of the window which has a general blue color. Key to the theme of the window is the quotation by Abbe Sugar: “Our spirit is so weak that it is only through the use of materials that it can rise to truth.” This appears near the top of the window. RagainsTo Organize Summer Orchestra Monday night at 7:30 Joseph M. Ragain, assistant director of campus musical organizations, will organize the first summer session orchestra. Students interested in playing with this group should report to the Hall of Music at that time. Entrance may be made through the southwest door. The orchestra will play for the various summer session musical functions. Summer Session Diredors. Announce Drama Activities This summer, as^ in past years, the summer session committee has included in its.list of activities for the semester two groups of plays. The first group, composed of three one act shows, will be presented July 10. A three act play will be given on July’s! to round out the summer’s (jramatic activities. The plays are to be given by summer school students, and all those interested either in acting or stage work are invited to meet in Fowler Hall, Monday, June 17, at 4 o’clock. Experience is necessai-y for participation in these plays.
Social Committee Meeting at noon today at the west desk of the Union. All members please be present. O. F. Hall, Chairman.# 2
PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday,, Tune 13, 1940 ^ ^
Jinulhf Jalk
We'reOff---
This is 'preventative propaganda/
Stewart To Direct
Summer Chorus
University Authorizes Use Of Airport, Shops, Labs In
Summer Chorus under the dii action of Albeit P. Stewait, diiector of music on the campus, will be organized tonight at 7:30. All Summer session students who like to sing are invited to be present at this meeting in the Hall of Music. There will be no tiyouts Entrants should come to the southwest entiance at the west side of the Hall of Music. Choi us will assist in many programs on the campus duiing the summer session, and its first performance IS scheduled for Religious Convocation, Sunday night, June 23.
National Defense Program
The University took cognizance of the war in Euiope last Saturday when the Boaid of Trustees, meeting in quarteid^^ession, adopted a lesolution aut];l'orizing President E. C. Elliott and David E. Ross, piesident of the Boaid of Trustees, “to take any and all steps which in their judgment would enable the University to contiibute effectively to the program of national defense.”
Rehearsal will be held on Tuesday and Thursday nights of each week. The Choru^ will also assist m the summer songfests and will give a cantata along with the membeib of the Music Leadership Tiaining School at the close of that week’s training couise, June 30.
The lesolution was adopted following discussion of possible calls foi paiticipation in the national defense program. According to the Board of Tiustees, the University possesses exceptional facilities in its 368-acre airport (222 acres are in use), the laigest field artillery ROTC unit of the nation, and its extensive shop and laboratoi’y facilities.
A quota of 105 has been given the Univeisity for the summer flight training program of the CAA.
SAVE
10% to 25%
By Purchasing Your Summer School Supplies
at the
PURDUE 5c, $1.00 AND UP STORE
314 STATE STREET
'Sugar And Spice And
This week we came across the first tangible bit of deliberate propaganda. It was the ‘Stop Hitler Now” advertisement which was sponsored by the “Committee to Defend America by Aiding the Allies,” headed by William Allen White, editor of the Emporia (Kansas) Gazette. The advertisement appeared in papers from coast to coast. Under the guise of protecting America from Hitler’s hordes, the advertisement, written in editorial style, not only played on the emotions of the readers but made several statements that have not been proved facts as yet. We have been w'atching the war hysteria grow in the editorial columns of the eastern newspapers for the past few weeks; we ha^ e noticed the trend of the war news commentators; we have heard the sentiments of several of our legislators expressed in the press, on the screen and in the newspapers; and we are now convinced that these public servants, the press, the radio, and the Congress of the United States are neither fulfilling their duty nor acting in a manner befitting their responsibility ! We believe in a strong defense, by all means; we believe'fn immediate rearmament; we believe in unanimity of effort toward the consolidation of the American nations in defense of the western hemisphere. But we do not believe in “making the world safe for democracy”; we do not believe that our destinies are hopelessly entwined with the destinies of the Allies; and we do not believe that the “pot of gold” down in Fort Knox is worth saving if its salvation means more American cemeteries on foreign soil! Last fall, when war was declared in Europe, sentiment in the United States ran high against our participation in the quarrels of the nations of another hemisphere. Polls throughout the country showed conclusively that the people of the United States say “Stop Stampeding Us Into War!” And yet in spite of the attitude and feelings of the people, certain small groups, whether by ignorance of this sentiment or by intentionally overlooking it, have apparently set in motion the wheels of propaganda, desigjied to draw the United States into war. This is still a democracy. We still have a free press and anyone may say what he chooses in spite of the recent promotion of the Dark Ages’ sport of “witch-hunting.” Therefore, we shall dedicate ourselves to the promotion of anti-war propaganda to do our bit to preserve democracy in the western hemisphere! But when we do write propaganda designed to baffle the uninformed and excite the emotions of the proletariat we shall, and make a note of this Mr. William Allen White, we shall label our writing as propaganda!
TileManufadurers
WACHSTETTER WINS IN WEED IDENTIFICATION
Will Convene Here
Drainage and its relation to soil conservation, soils and crops, and farm management will be discussed in a one-day meeting of the Clay Drain Tile Manufacturers’ here at the University on Friday, June 21, it has been announced by Dave Harker, University extension drainage specialist, in charge of th^ ar1 angements. Approximately fit) manufacturers fiom Ohio, Illinois, Michigan, and Indiana are expected to attend the meeting, according to word received Horn E. H. Burns, Lima, 0., secretary-treasurer of the organization. Instruction will be piovided by specialists of the University and the soil conseivation service. This will be the first meeting of the organization to be held at the Univeisity.
Herbert Wachstetter, Lowell Holzhausen, and John DeWitte, all of Marion county, swept through the first three places of the weed identification contest, held as part of Tuesday’s 4-H Round-Up program. Eugene and Jordon Thompson, of Benton county, took fourth and fifth respectively.
api){W
-TODAY - FRI. - SAT.DOUBLE FEATURE
Adventures of a hundred comic strips in one thrilling hour! ADVENTURES OF JANE ARDEN ' — WITH — ROSELLA TOWNE — PLUS —
It's Fast—It's Funny It's Fresh!
BETTE DAVIS LESLIE HOWARD
irs LOVE I'M AFTER
MIDNITE SHOW SATURDAY 11:30
Rough - Tough - Terrific
JEFFREY LYNN • ALAN HALE • FRANK McHlltiN DENNIS MORliAN • OKK FORAN
TODAY Thru SATURDAY Here's ACTION!
pHsonGstes
— ALSO — ''Drums of Fu Manchu" Serial
LUMA
— TODAY -FRI. - SAT. —
2> FIRST RUN HITS!
University Trustees Accept Cash Gifts, New Strain Gage, Make Tiffin Professor
Included among the actions of the University Board of Trustees meeting in quarterly session last Saturday was the promotion of Prof. Joseph Tiffin from associate to full professorship in idustrial psychology, and the acceptance of gifts to the University.
Milk, natural gas, coal, glass and cellulose are the basic materials used by chemists to create the costumes to be shown in “Fashions Out Of Test Tubes” which will be staged by the National Association of Manufacturers in the new Music Hall at Purdue University on Friday night at 8 o’clock. The printed Clairanese rayon taffeta evening gown shown above has been developed through a new discharge printing process.
Among gifts accepted was the historical and political library of the late Dr. Thomas F. Moran, who for many years was head of the history, economics, and government department at the University. Accept Cash Gifts Cash gifts accepted were partially composed of $57.60 from the Home Economics school staff, $25 from the Virginia C. Mei’edith Club, and $11.60 from the Delta chapter of Omicron Nu, all to be added to the Dean Mary L. Matthews Graduate Fellowship Fund, now totaling $241.74. Further accepted cash gifts included $50 from the South BendMishawaka Pan Hellenic Association to add to the association loan fund which now totals $483.58, $140.10 from the 1932 Military Ball Student Loan Fund, totaling $279.65, $50 from the Tenth District Student Loan Fund of the Indiana Federation of Clubs which makes a total of $100. Skull and Crescent, $1,464.56 Ninety-eight dollars and fifty cents from the Y X Z Loan Fund, from the Fraternity Presidents’ Council, making a total of $814.68, $25 from the Purdue Women’s Club
of Pittsburgh, Pa., making a loan fund totaling $335, $139.34 from the Sophomore Cotillion to add to the Skull and Crescent Loan Fund which totals $1,464.66. Twenty-nine dollars from the Lake County Federation of Clubs which makes a loan fund total of $129, and $31.30 from the Vriginia C. Meredith Loan Fund, making a total of $291.30 for this fund. New Strain Gage The Boai’d of Trustees accepted from W. H. Winterrowed, vice-pre'^ ident of the Baldwin Locomotive Works, Philadelphia, Pa. and president of the University alumni association, a panel board and Bald-win-Southwark Bonded Metalectric Strain Gage, a new instrument for determining stresses in structures and of value in the engineering curricula.
Miss Eileen Satre
... of the applied design department, has accepted an appointment as instructor of related art in the home economics division. College of St. Elizabeth, Convent Station, New Jersey.
SUMMER SCHOOL SUPPLIES
USED and NEW
TEXTBOOKS and SUPPLIES
University Book Store
M. C. “Red” Sammons ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple ’40 Next to College Inn
CAREFREE CR£V/ - THRILLS! . ...FOR A SKYFUU-
iil
TODAY - FRIDAY
EXTRA
MARS
WINNI SHAW — IN — 'RUMBA LAND'
VictorMATURECaroleLANDIS-LonCHANEYlr. sfrats TdliAYThursday, June 13, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
\ 1,300 iegrees Awarded At 1940 Commencement
James F. Wilkinson Killed In Accident James F. Wilkinson, 60, an employee of the University physical plant, was killed Tuesday afternoon when he was thrown from a physical plant truck to the street. He suffered a broken neck and fractured skull. Bob Brissy, another physical plant employee, was injured slightly in the accident. The accident occurred while the men were transporting a heavy steel casting to Ross-Ade stadium. As the truck turned the corner of University and Stadium Avenue the casting slipped, throwing Wilkinson and Brissy to the pavement.
Reedy To Furnish Musk For First Summer Mixer Paul Reedy and his campus band will furnish music for the summer session mixer tomorrow night in both ballrooms of the Union. The mixer, a “no date” affair, will be free to students and faculty members. During the evening refreshments will be served in the Old Chestnut room. The summer session social committee, in charge of the mixer, announced that there will be. other entertainment in addition to the dancing. The Union will be open during the evening, to afford visiting and new students opportunity to inspect the building.
THE TIE DAD LIKES BEST OF ALL
Made in U. S. A.
qlidfrigika 44 Aojjruty j
OWN ED AND WOVEN BV OOODALL WORSTED CO
NONE GENUINE WITHOUT THIS LABEL d £ n u I n £ PflLdl B£1KH ( R fl V fl T S Oeau FATHER’S DAY . . JUNE 16 Don’t ponder over his Father’s Day Gift . . . just choose GENUINE PALM BEACH CRAVATS . . . and Dad will sigh a deep "ah” of satisfaction. They’re his kind of ties . . . cool . . . easy to tie . . . hard to muss. Patented 4FOLD CONSTRUCTION. Perfect Washability. Fully Guaranteed.
$1
(Dh. SUioti’A Letter To Graduates "Sometime during your Purdue student days.you probably have heard me say that the quality and extent of one’s education may be determined by one’s ability to see, to measure, to value, and to utilize wisely the small differences that inevitably exist among forces, things, ideas, actions, and people. At this final hour of your undergraduate careers I am now asking you to distinguish between two words, alike in sound but very unlike in meaning—Opportunity and Opportunism. Here is timely application of the conclusion reached many years ago by one of the wisest of Americans: ‘The character and fortune of the individual are affected by . . . the perception of differences.’ "It has long been one of the chief tenets of our American philosophy that ours is the land of great opportunity, especially of opportunity for youth. Each of you today is a product of that philosophy. While you go forth at a time when the traditional opportunity may no longer be spelled with a capital O, nevertheless, the word yet contains a strong lure of life. All of you, I trust, are now, and will long remain, under its influence. “Years ago, however, the seers of American destiny realized that our education might result, not in the skillful conditioning of young men and women to meet opportunity, but in a certain cunning single-mindedness to gain self-advantage, with little regard either for humane principles or for ultimate consequences. That is what is meant by Opportunism. "Your Purdue training and education have given yow, let it be hoped, a meaning of Opportunity that includes the essential element of the obligations to protect and to promote the rights of others, especially the right to opportunity. The Purdue you know will not long continue if its power should be employed chiefly for the increase of self-centered Opportunism. Our world is in tragic torment today because too many of the educated have not learned that human freedom—the seed stuff of the Americanism that produced the University—cannot flourish in the soil of Opportunism.” 118 Housemofliers Will Convene Here Sunday For 2nd Annual Training School One hundred eighteen housemothers coming from colleges and universities from coast to coast will arrive here Sunday for the opening of the second annual Housemothers’ Training School. The group will be made up of hostesses and directors of sorority and fraternity houses, residence halls, and other student organizations. During the school the housemothers will live at the Noith and South Women’s Residence Halls, and it is here that most of the lecture sessions will be held. Classes in meal planning, techniques of management, and several discussion groups on the psychological foundations of human behavior are listed on the curriculum. Instruction will be given from 9 in the morning until 3:30 o’clock. Staff Named Included on the staff of 19 edu-
Berry, Catterall, Potter Take Highest Honors Sunday, June 9, at the 66th graduation exercises, the University awarded degrees to 1,372 candidates in a record breaking ceremony. As usual no commencement address was given, but a letter to the class of 1940 from President Elliott, which is reprinted on this page, was included in the printed program. The number graduating from the
13 different schools was as follows: agriculture, 134; forestry, 27; physical education, 18; science, 148; pharmacy, 30;* civil engineering, 54; electrical engineering, 96; chemical engineering, 93; industrial education, 7; mechanical engineering, 239; public service engineering, 17; and engineering law, 7. Honorary Doctor’s Degrees Among the added features of the commencement exercises were the conferring of three honorary degrees, and the announcement of awards to outstanding members of the student body in various lines of endeavor. The honorary degrees were conferred as follows:
oational directors for the school will be President Edward C. Elliott, Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women, Miss Helen B. Schleman, director of the Women’s Residence Halls, Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of management. Miss Naomi McGuire, Miss Edith Gamble, head of the institution management department in the school of home economics, and Dr. Gilbei't Wrenn, University of Minnesota psychologist.
Bill Catterall
WKII voy DNSS Rely On Our Expert Cleaning Service
... to keep your summer linen and Palm Beach Suits immaculate. You will like the thoroughness of our cleaning . . . the expert pressing that gives your suit its original dash and smartness. Phone 4081 for that prompt pick-up and delivery service. ... to keep your summer sheers looking fresh and your lace trim dainty^. Our immaculate cleaning gives your sport clothes that exceptional look which is so neces8ai*y to that well groomed appearance.
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
John S. Wright, of Indianapolis, an 1892 graduate of Purdue who is a director of Eli Lilly & Co., and has won outstanding recognition in the field of botany—Doctor of Laws. Hubert C. Blackwell, of Cincinnati, Ohio, president of the Union Gas and Electric Co., as well as other utilities who was graduated from Purdue in 1902—Doctor of Engineering. Burton H. Gedge, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio, general production manager of American Steel and Wire Co., a former Purdue student who has won distinction as an engineering executive—Master of Industry. ^ Double Honors i Tieva L. Berry, Indianapolis, a graduate of Shortridge high school, won double honors. Miss Berry, who was graduated with distinction from the school of home economics, won both the Floi’a Roberts Medal awarded to the best all-around woman member of the graduating class, and the Chi Omega prize of $25.00 awarded to a senior woman majoring in education on the basis of scholarship, personality, and attitude toward education. In addition to maintaining a high scholastic average. Miss Berry was exceedingly active in a wide variety of extra-curricular projects. During her cdllegiate career, she had 47 hours of H, 82 1-3 hours of A, and 31 1-3 hours of B. Reisner Scholastic Award The H. G. Reisner Trophy, given to the member of the Purdue Independent Association who has the highest scholasi^ic average for his four years, was' awarded to John H. Smith, of Hoagland, who was graduated with highest distinction from the school of chemical engineeiing, while the Big Ten medal for the best all-around record in scholarship and athletics was won by Richard C. Potter, of Sioux Falls, S. Dak., tackle on the football squad, who was graduated in public service engineering. The Major Theodore P. Walker awaid of $100.00, given to the student eligible to election to Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary chemical engineering fraternity, who has maintained the highest scholastic average duiing his foui' undergraduate years,fwas won by William E. Catterall, of Whiting, who was graduated with highest distinction from the school of chemical engineering. Catterall had a scholastic index of 5.86 for his four years. Emrick, Murphy Honored The Sigma Delta Chi medals, announced recently by the Purdue chapter of the national professional journalistic fraternity, were formally presented by President Elliott. Prof. Paul Spotts Emrick, band director, received the Leather Medal awai’ded annually to the person who has done the most for the University during the year, and Prof. Charles B. Murphy, of the department of history, economics, and government, the Best Teacher Medal. Commencement exercises proper were preceded by the academic procession which wound its way about the campus and entered the Music Hall to processional music played by the Purdue Symphonic Band. A prelude by the band was followed by the invocation by the Rev. W. G. Mather, professor of sociology and economics at Franklin College. Then came the presentation of diplomas, and honorary degrees by President Elliott, awarding of commissions, and announcement of the annual awards. Alumni Members As one of the final featiu-es, the class of 1940 was formally inducted into the Purdue Alumni Association by W. Hem-y Roberts, of Indianapolis, vice-presfdeut. The exercises closed with the singing of “Hail, Purdue” by the 1940 class, the benediction by Rev. Mather, and the recessional by the band.J 'I
PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, June 13, 1940
Chief Clevett Announces Sport Activities Calendar
//
Games On The Green" Will Begin June 17, Continue Weekly On Tuesday Sports activities for summer session students were announced
yesterday by M. L. “Chief” Clevett, director of summer session sports activities. Games on the Green will begin Tuesday, June 17 and will be continued each Tuesday thereafter until the close of the summer session. The games will be played on the ground just north of the Fieldhouse. Badminton, volleyball, tetherball, bowling, and baseball will be played, starting at 6:30
and lasting for about an hour.
The Fieldhouse pool Will be open from 7:30 to 9 o’clock each evening for mixed swimming, and will be open from 11 to 12 each morning and from 3 to 6 each a^ernoon for men. Swimi^ing instruction will be provided each day at 11 and 4 o’clock. Those wishing swiipming instruction should sign up for PE S-6 or S-7. Must See “Doo” All students wishing to use the pool should sign up for gym lockers at the cashier’s office. A one dollar deposit fee will be chaiged for locker and towel serivce. The cashier’s receipt should be taken to the student health service for medical examinations. Check out service of intra-mural equipment will be issued at the check out window from 1 to 6 p.m. The University four-hole practice golf couise will be open to summer session students and faculty members each afternoon. All hard surface tennis courts, both men and women’s, will be available for use. A soft ball league will be organized similar to last year. Each fraternity or rooming house, or combination of houses, may enter teams. All students interested in playing with the summer session hard ball team should sign the squad list on the Fieldhouse bulletin board. Games will be played with Ross Camp and other teams in the vicinity. Nine4-H Members Named 'Healthiest' At State Round-Up Nine 4-H club members, including four girls and five boys, compose an “honor group” named last Tuesday as the culmination of the annual state health contest, one of the features of the twenty-second annual Boys’ and Girls’ 4-H Club Round-Up which closed at the University yesterday. County Champions Members of the honor group, survivors of a field of 43 girls and 35 boys and all county champions, include Edwin Bullerman, Allen county; William Ford, Gibson county; Richard Ripberger, Marion county; Phyllis Hoffman, Noble county; Anna L. Austin, Ripley county. Doris Cleaveland, Wabash county; Carolyn Akin, Vandeiburg county; Robert Myers, Vanderbuig county; and Marion Knowles, Wells county. Will Pick 2 Winners From this honor gioup of nine, whose scores varied from 99.8 to 98.7 per cent, the boy and girl who will represent Indiana in the n^.tional contest to be held later JSi the year will be selected. Naming of the two state winners will be made after consideration of the histoiy and accomplishments of the nine candidates, officials in charge of the contest said Tues'day. Ag Engineering Staff To Atfend ASAE Convention Several members of the staff in agricultural engineering at the Univeisity will go to Pennsylvania State College next week to attend the annual meeting of the American Society of A'gricultuial Engineers. Piof. I. D. Mayer is vice chairman of the soil and water conservation division and will preside at some of the sessions of this group; Prof. T. E. Hienton will speak on effects of short wave iiradiation on farm animals, and Prof. S. A. Anderson will take part in a discussion on how utilities can help the educators in piomoting i ural electrification.
Board Of Trustees Grants 5 Absence Leaves To Faculty University Board of Trustees in quarterly session last Saturday granted leaves of absence covering ’40 summer months and ’40-41 school months to five faculty members. Prof. Daniel DenUyl, of the school of forestry, has been granted a leave from June 15 to July 4 to investigate forestry experimental work at the University of California. Prof. Robert L. Lowe, of the English department, to do graduate work at Princeton University during the second semester of the ’40-41 school year. Prof. J. A. McClintock, of the horticulture department, by leave of the Board of Trustees will study for his doctorate at Michigan State College from June 17 to June 28. Prof. H. G. McComb, of the education and applied psychology department, left on June 3, by authority of the Board of Trustees for an indefinite period to serve as state director of trade and industrial education. Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, was voted two months’ leave during the ’40-’41 school year to contribute to current studies on engineering education in cooperation with the Carnegie Steel Corporation. 32 Enroll In Special Extension Short Course Thirty-two persons, most of whom are agricultmal extension workers, enrolled last Monday in the three-week intensive course, “Psychology for Extension Workers.” The extension workers, who are being taught by Dr. Paul Kruse, of Cornell University, include county agricultural agents, home demonstration agents, and University extension specialists. The course earns three credit hours, which may be applied to advanced degrees.
University To Conduct Tour Of Soils, Crops Farm For Visitors Final arrangements have been completed for the twenty-sixth -annual convention of the Indiana Teachers of Vocational Agricultuve to be held here at the University June 24 to 28, it was announced recently by Dr. Z. M. Smith, state leader of vocational agriculture. Latest information on technical agriculture and trends in vocational agriculture will be among the topics that will be studied by the 348 teachers expected to attend the sessions. Associate Dean V. C. Freeman is scheduled for the opening address, speaking on “Recent Developments in the School of Agriculture.” In addition, there will be several business sessions in the initial day’s program. Speakers Following are among the talks and addresses scheduled: Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology; “The Rural Church — a Rural Challenge” by Dr. A. H. Rapking, Philadelphia, Pa., in charge of rural work for all Methodist churches of the country; Dr. E. C. Young, University farm economist, “Farm Finance”; Dr. E. L. Butz, University agriculture economics department “Farm Real Estate Prices—^Up or Down”; H. D. Newsom, Columbus, master of the Indiana Grange, “The Glowing Need of Community Cooperation”; and Dean H. J. Reed, of the School of Agriculture, an address at the closing session on Friday morning.
WBAA
. . . will operate on a full schedule for the duration of the summer session'. For those of you interested in announcing, radio writing, radio dramatics, or music this is an opportunity to gain actual radio experience. Auditions will be held at the main studios, the thii’d floor of the Electrical Engineering Building, Tuesday at 5 p.m.
Summer Time offers great opportunities to get your yard and home in shape. We have the tools, you have the time. Let’s get together. Moore & Kemple 330 Main
Wonderful TIES for Wonderful Fathers
6 £ n i; I n f Pflim BEIKH CRAVATS FATHER’S DAY . . . JUNE 16 There’s no better way of telling Dad that you think he’s just about the finest fellow on earth than to give him GENUINE PALM BEACH CRAVATS. They’re smart . . . cool . . . easy to tie . . . harder to muss . . . and wear so much longer. Patented 4FOLD CONSTRUCTION. Perfect Washability. Fully Guaranteed.
$1
Made in U. S. A.
NONE GENUINE WITHOUT THIS LABEL c/beAbi LO EB & y e NE COMPANV
’ 1
7 I
Keep Cool It’s a PALM BEACH SUIT Year The most serviceable summer outfits of the season worn by college men everywhere. Pure Palm Beach suits that stress good tailoring. For comfort they are unequalled and they’re correct for every occasion. • Sport Shirts • Wash Trousers • Play Suit Ensembles • Newest Shades • Smart Styles
’BjuUwfLSu West Lafayette
Make the UNIOH Your Summer Home
• The Cafeteria • The Chestnut Room •' The Sweet Shop • The. Barher Shop • The Billiard Room • The Grill Lounge • The Browsing Room • Banquet Rooms • Bowling • Lounges
Union rooms available for faculty and students— quiet and private rooms. Each room equipped with private shower and telephone.
JhSL fiwvdusL ^yyhinw^mL UnlotL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of ActivitiesV
wm
mmm
Thursday, June 13, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
BROWN WINS CONTEST; HOLT PLACES SECOND
Capf, L /. Aretz
Honor Band Members
Dr. A, H. Monroe
Dean of Men M. L. Fisher’s bird identification contest held early last Tuesday morning as part of the twenty-second annual boys’ and girls’ 4-H Club Round-Up which closed at the University yesterday was won by Eugene Brown, Route 4, Nashville, Brown county.
. . . manager of the University airport, and Prof, K. D. Wood, head of the aerodynamics department, flew Tuesday to Chanute Field, Rantoul. 111., to attend a meeting of U. S. army officers for discussion of the forthcoming CAA program.
At Annual Banquet Last Saturday; Awards Made
Second place was pulled down by Marjorie Holt, Otterbem, Benton county. A three-way tie for third position was made between Bob Fix, Route 1, Lafayette, Tippecanoe county; Merle Kuns, Flora, Car-
roll county; and Nathan Greear, Scottsburg, Scott county. Contestants were Required to make 30 placements of iSds .designated by Dean Fisher on an early morning tour, and Brown missed only one placement.
PURDUE COFFEE SHOP
MEALS 25^
119 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
Members of the University band held their annual banquet last Saturday night at Lincoln Lodge, with former band members and faculty as guests. K. R. Templeton, ’10, of Chicago, was the principal speaker. Templeton told of his own exjperiences as a band member 30 years ago. Following the banquet Templeton was initiated into the “Knights of the Magic Wand,” an honor accorded one person each year. Capt. Charles A. Heidbreder was given the cup for distinguished service to the band because he had not/ missed a band session during the past four years. Other awards were made to First Lieut. John Agnew, master musicians cup; First Lieut. Robert Bonner, efficiency cup; and First Lieut. V. T. Hitchcock, loyalty cup. Lieut. Jesse Crim served as toastmaster.
. . . head of the speech division, has gone to Baton Rouge, La., to spend the next ten days to deliver a series of lectures on the measurement of speech effectiveness and experimental work in the field of speech, before a special conference at Louisiana State University.
HENRY COUNTY TEAM
WINS DAIRY JUDGING
Deac’s All Summer School Books For Sale New and Second Hand
Deac’s
H. G. "Deac " REISNER
rr
Everything for a College Education
WHITE COUNTY SCORES
HIGH IN EGG JUDGING
CLASSIFIED ADS
Room For Rent: New home, airconditioning unit in basement that puts cool, clean air in rooms in hottest of weather. REASONABLE SUMMER RATES. CALL 35271.
For Rent: Two rooms single or double. Milt Ci’aw, 242 Littleton.
Congratulations
To Graduating Cla ss--those honor
The following list contains the names of those graduates whose degrees are awarded with distinction. Highest distinction is indicated by an asterisk.
Mary Agnes Beko George Richard Culp’* Lucy Jane Demoret Verne Eugene Dietrich Marten Sutherland Estey” Raymond Gordon Goodin Carl Douglas Huckleberry
Science , Paul Eugene Irick” Norman Alvin Maier Lewis Eevrett Morrison, II Robert Fowlis Munro* Helen Ruth Steffee Elinor Douglas Ward Betty Jane Wickard
Clinton James Ancker Richard Martin Beir’*'
Stanley Gordon Best, Jr.’*'
Arthur Graham Bignall Aaron Saul Boksenbom* Charles Robert Brown’*' John Kinealy Bryan James Hervey Dean’’ Robert Otis Duckworth John George Eilering’*' William Marshall Gibbs David Wayne Hallstein
Mechanical Engineering
Charles August Heidbreder’*’ Alfred Berry Huston* Harold Glenn Kolb* Laurence Lee Lyles° Carl Gustaf Moller* Carlton Albert Rasmussen Harry Edgene Schooley Charles Huff Simmons* Charles Florian Sopcak Howard Lister Timms Richard Francis Yarber
Treva Louise Berry Lloyd Josunie Edson Jeanne Florence Horwitz’ Rosemary Lucille Ince
Home Economics Mira Louise Lewis Margaret Evalyn Mitchell Leota Ruth Peter
Arthur Roscoe Cornell Clarence Floyd Hotler Kenneth Clark Houston
Merrill Arthur Brunk Kenneth Eugene Burbrink Julius James Denzler Leonard John Haverkamp Gerald Mahlon Hess Thomas Junior MarveP
Agriculture Hoard Edward Nickey John William Oberholtzer Donald Paarlberg Robert Lewis Smith Aithur David Tevebaugh Robeit Shaw Trueman
Will Earl Madden
Forestry Edward Noble Stiver*
Sister Mary Clara Francis Faulkner’*' Sister Mary Laurina Klein
Pharmacy Jack Edward Orr Sister Mary Eileen VanAckeren
Civil Engineering Ku Hsien-Hsiang
Hai’ry Bernard LaForce*
*' Francis Joseph Woodsmall*
Electrical Engineering
George Malcolm Adams’* Tze Hsiang Ku* Bill Brown’* John Edward Nitsche Robert Darling Elbourn-* Raymond J. C. Simon* Lester Milton Heath Rathbun B. Squires Robert Newton Keen* Kenneth Elwood Yost*
Marvin Joseph Kolhoff Chemical Engineering
Roy Condit Becker Louis William Schmidt Norman Harold Brubaker”* Robert J. Schrader William Edwaid Catterall* John Henry Smith* Robert Earl Hall* Robert Allan Specker Donald Peter Heath Edgar Elwood Wilson*
George Alfred Omohundro
Public Service Engineering
Kenneth William Kuebler
Peter Anderson Garage
525 ALABAMA
3
After You — We Come First
PHONE 4048
Manufacturers Will Stage
Test Tube Fashion Show'
Review Part Of Convo Program, Meeting Of AChS; Opens Tomorrow In Music Hall
Henry county’s dairy judging team was awarded the championship cup Tuesday morning as the termination of that portion of the twenty-second annual Boys’ and Girls’ 4-H Club Round-Up which closed at the University yesterday. Monday, another Henry county cohibination won the livestock judging contest. The blue ribbon dairy judging trio was composed of John Harter, Robert Connerly, and Richard Bailey, all living on rural routes out of Newcastle. Further placings include Kosciusko county, second; Carnoll county, third, and Fulton and Tippecanoe counties, tied for fourth.
Providing one of the features of both the summer session convocation program and the regional meeting of the American Chemical Society, the National Manufacturers’ Association ■will stage “Fashions Out of Test Tubes,” tomorrow night at 8 o’clock in the Music Hall. The show will be a dramatization of industrial progress and will present costumes and accessories for every occasion made out of new fabrics and products developed during the last five years in industrial laboratories. Blocks of seats will be held for .
White county’s team, composed of Junior Hagerty and Lewis Jewett, of Brookston, and Walter Fowler, of Idaville, captured the lion’s share of the honors in the 4-H poultry and egg judging contests Tuesday. The White country trio scored a total of 3,140 points to top the field in the combined judging of poultry and eggs by taking first in the judging of eggs alone and finishing second to Ripley county in judging poultry alone. The Ripley county team which won the poultry honors was made up of Wallace Horton and Delno Howlett, of Versailles, and William Raney, of Holton.
both summer session students and attendants at the chemical meeting. The remaining seats will be available to the general public. Co-ed, High School Models University co-eds and Lafayette and West Lafayette high school girls will serve as models for the “industrial fashion show.” Among the models already selected by Miss Crenia Sandler, who has been on the campus for three days making arrangements for the presentation, are: Peg Davis, Vinton Taylor, Jean Neiwold, Edith Niewold, Mary Louise Brown, Dorothy Brown, Patty Ludwig, Marselda Jacobs, Virginia Graves, Virginia Riley, Ruth Bryant, Betty Woeffle, Arlene Rothenberger, Catherine Cooley, and Bernice Biesel. The novel performance will present a small, but spectacular phase of the new world created by the scientists and the research workers in industrial laboratories. Among the many new innovations to be displayed during the evening -will be several new fabrics which are still in the experimental stage but which are being woven, dyed, and designed especially for this showing in order to demonstrate future trends in “test tube” textiles. Glass Bathing Suit A bathing suit daringly designed out of safety glass will be one of the most striking innovations to be modeled, along with a hostess gown produced from the basic materials of coal, tar, limestone, salt, and air.
Other costumes to be displayed are derived from gl^s, milk, animal fibers, rubber, and acids. One of the models will be clothed from head to toe by the chemists of one company, with the hat, dress, heels of the shoes, hose, jewelry and other accessories made from various raw hiaterials, including cellulose and coal, air and water.” In addition, new uses and designs for laboratory created materials, ranging from plastic luggage to Cinderella glass slippers, will be previewed in their first public exhibition.
KUNS PLACES FIRST IN TREE IDENTIFICATION In the first of the 4-H club roimdup judging contests to be concluded, Merle Kuns, Flora, took first honors in tree and shrub identification, with second place going to Francis Campbell, of Brownstown, R. R. 2. In the contest, supervised by T. E. Shaw, of the forestiy department, the club members were called upon to identify 30 native (trees and shrubs. Kups, as first place winner, was awarded copies of both “Trees of Indiana” and “Shrubs of Indiana” by Charles C. Deam, while Francis Campbell won a copy of “Trees of Indiana” for his second place effort. All of the prizes in the contest were donated by the State Conservation Department.
SUMMER SESSION CALENDAR Thursday, 8:00 A.M., June 13 —Registration — Regular Session. Friday, June 14 — Instruction Begins — Regular Session. June 17 - July 12 — Housemothers’ Training School. Monday - Friday, June 17-21 — Rural Youth Training School. Monday-Saturday, June 17-22 — Fraternity Officers’ School. June 17-28 — Rural Leadership School. Monday - Friday, June 24-28 — Vocational Agricultural Teachers’ Conference. Monday - Friday, June 24-28 — American Dairy Science Association. Monday - Saturday, June 24-30 — Music Leaders’ Training School. Tuesday - Thursday, June 25-27 — Conference for Custodians. Monday A. M., July 1 — Second Series of Intensive Unit Courses Begin. Tuesday - Thursday, July 9, 10, 11 — Educational Leaders’ Conference. Monday - Friday, July 8 - 12 — Short Courses for Drug Clerks. Monday - Saturday, July 8-13 — Rural Life Underwriters’. Training School — Unit I. Saturday, July 13 — Music Festival — Indiana State Preliminary to Chicagoland Music Festival. Saturday, 4:30 P.M., July 13 — Graduate Thesis Due. Monday - Saturday, July 15 - 20 —Rural Life Underwriters’ Training School — Unit H. Monday A.M., July 22 — Third Series of Intensive Unit Courses Begin. Thursday, August 1 — Landlord Tenant Conference. Saturday, 12:00 M., August 10 — Baccalaureate Thesis Due. Saturday, August 10 — Summer Session Ends.
We offer expert workmanship; the hest in:
Window Glass Pittsburg Paints Pittsburgh Paints Wall Papers
HVNECK’S
WALLPAPER 826 Main Street
PAINT Phon<^ 3841‘
PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, June 13, 1940
Column Right
When we’ve got nothing else to do we talk about the war. All we know is what we read in the papers though. At that it looks like a great fight. First the Germans advance and the Allies retreat, then the Germans advance and the Allies retreat, and then the Germans advance^dnd the Allies retreat.
’Tain’t ri^ht though. Turn about is fair play. The Germans ought to try walking backwards for a while.
Looks from here as if they could get more fighting done if they would do it all in one place instead of chasing one another all over Europe.
We saw an ad in the Tribune yesterday. It said STOP HITLER NOW! We said yeah. It sounds good. Like putting your hand in a buzz saw.
We noticed that William Allen White was backing the nnovement. We used to like him.
PUrdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post o....ce in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for iri section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year had—Weelfly during the Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for^O cents. Publication Staff Editor-in-Chief ^ R. W. Donahue News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor ........L.. D. K. Heiple Associate Editors; W. E. Heaton, J. A. Purcell, J, L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising: D. S. Powers, G. C. Lenders; Circulation Manager, R. M. RectenWald. / Sports Staff Edjt^-.v J. P. Dolan ' *""\ Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Everyone we’ve seen so far that thought we ought to fight is too damned old to go.
With all these 4-H boys on the campus we’ve found one in Cary Hall who goes them one better. He’s 5-H man (6.5) (Hell How He Hates Himself.)
J. Holmes Martin Appointed Poultry Department Head Dr. J. Holmes Martin, head of the regional research laboratory of the U. S. Department, of Agriculture at East Lansing, Michigan, has been named head of the University poultry department to succeed Prof. C. W. Garrick, it wa^ announced recently. The change will be effective July 1. Garrick, who has been head of the department since 1926, asked to be relieved of his administrative duties so that he might devote his time to extension research an(^ instruction of graduate students. University Graduate The new department head is a native of Indiana and graduated from the University in 1917. Following his graduation he served as head of the University of Kentucky poultry department. He received his master’s degree at Kentucky and his doctorate from the University of Wisconsin. He has been serving as head of the East Lan^'^sing research laboratory since December 1938.
RIDE \n STYLE
IN A
5023
YELLOW CAB PHONES
3071
Call a Yellow When Shipping Trunks
on USED TEXTS and SUPPLIES for Every Course at Purdue’s Complete Bookstore
§®I7E10®EITH’$
Wesley Group's Summer Program Begins Friday The Wesley Foundation will begin its program for the summer session with a social and business meeting tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock at the Foundation House, 436 State street. Officers will be elected for the summer session Foundation program and plans will be made for picnics and swimming parties during the summer.
\ ■ ^ The Sunday program of the Foundation will include a Sunday school class taught by Mts. Glehora McFadden at 9:30 a. m. at the church, and the regular morning worship at 10:40 a. m. with music by the Paul Tincher Smith Memorial Ghoir and a sermon on "The Message of Ghristianity for a World at War’’ by Rev. William McFadden, minister for students. These services will be at the West Lafayette Methodist Ghurch, corner of North Ghauncey and South street, one block east of the postoffice.
> L ’l
»• a
itmoN MIL EMMEL phiL. I! C VI01 Harionizing Lipstick
Botli for Lite Price of Nail Enaiel Alone
ic
(For a limited time only) YouTl be sure this lipstick matches your Revlon Nail Enamel, because it’s made to match. Choose any of the exciting shades iii that famous *Revlon Nail Enamel and you will get with each regular size bottle, that marvelous, smooth Revlon lipstick (half the regular $1 size) that harmonizes perfectly. ♦Recent discoveries make longr wealing Revlon Nail Enamel wear longer than ever!
in the McLean Music Co.
514 Main St. ^ Take Your Musical Fun Wherever You Go
Portable PHONOGRAPH
sie
• Light in Weight • Strong Spring Motor • Tapered Sound Box • Excellent Tone • Sensitive Pick-up • Choice of Finishes.,
j Make your vacation . . . and everyday this summer ... a grand success by taking the music you like best wherever you go—on phonograph records. And this very popular is all dressed up and ready to go places. In black, brown or blue Fabrikoid covering; or in airplane linen type, at slightly extra cost. PHONOGRAPH RECORDS from 35c
BLUEBIRD COLUMBIA
De^il May Care ’ I'm Stepping Out With a Memory
Tonight
Glenn Miller . . ... . . 35c
Nobody's Sweetheart More Than You Know
Benny Goodman Trio .... 35c
Wanderin' Blues
Afternoon of a Moax Charlie Barnet 35c
DECCA
Under a Blanket of Blue Rock Island Special Glen Gray 35c Make Believe Island Ask Your Heart Jan Savitt 35c Where Do I Go From You I'll Pray for You Woody Herman 35c
Charming Little Faker Hazy and Blue Kay Kyser . 50c My Resistance Is Low Been Lookin' for Love Orrin Tucker ....... 50c Yours Is My Heart Alone Down By the Old Mill Stream Benny Goodman 50c VICTOR . Lucia di Lammermoor—Mad Scene Act I I I Toti Dal Monti . . . . . . $1,00 Scaramouche—Piano Duo Vronsky—Babin . . . . . $1.50 Tristan and Islode^-Love Duet _ Act II Album M-671 Flagstad—Melchior .... $4.50
-«v
TOILETRIES STREET ELOOR
And A Complete Selection of Record Album Sets
V i