y^llime 55, No. 5Z
Purdue Uniyersify, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, November 26, 1942
Feallire Jurgens* Orchestra
liiti McCormick Chosen
'A’bv SCJfl«.|,
Green Potters; 700 Freshiii fSlI
Members Of Executive Board
ar^
4 $2,006
V V I If'■> J Biliig. ^ ‘ "4'{'• ' Scnb^t Graduates
Will T$ke Office Immediately
Complete returns from the Green Potters’ election, held in the Union yesterday, indicate that four fraternity and three independent candidates were chosen to serve on the Freshman Executive Board. James McCormick, member of Alpha Gamma Rho social fraternity, is automatically president of Green Potters and chairman of the Executive Board by virtue of his receipt of a plurality of —
Pearl Harbor Dafe
the 700 votes cast.
The seven elected candidates become incumbent immediately as there is no formal installation of officers. McCormick is empowered to call the Executive Boai’d into session as soon' as and whenever he deems a meeting- advisable. Ho also has the power to call a meeting of Green Potters.
4-H Club Leader, Announces Scholarship Winners
i75 Petty Officers Electricians' Mates Go To Ship, Shore Duties
State 4-H Club Leader H. E. Ainsworth of the University an-
According to Joe Neff, president nounced Tuc.sday that fifty-one Inof the Student Senate, the Green diana 4-H Club members have won Potters Executive Board will func- scholarships to the University. The tion in much the same manner as the awards were won as a result of their board of directors of ,a corporation, outstanding agricultural and home They will serve as planning com- economics 4-H activities over a pe-
mittee and a cleai’ing house for ideas I'ied of years.
■l-egardihg proposed activities for Exemptions in fees, amounting to the freshman class. Upon evolving $30 a term for eight terms, will be a definite plan of action, ihe presi- offered by the school of agriculture dent of the board will call a Green to the following students already Potters’ meeting and present the enrolled in the University: proposed plan to the freshman stu- Ljoy^ Cain, Robert Caldwell, dents at large, who may make sug- ponald Davis, Johnson Douglas, gestiohs for its improvement or even Herman DuGranrut, Lawrence Hazinitiate a motion for its annulment, Richard Hickman, Harold In this way it is hoped "to get greater Kracht, George Miller, James cobperation and support for fresh- Moore, Wilbur NiCkel, W. Clifford
men activities.
Senate Will Assist Board After the action to be taken is decided upon the president and his fellow board members will see that it is carried out. Neff, states that the Student Senate is' going to make eV-, ery possible effort to assist the Green Potters’ Board. It is the Sen-
Wray, Roger E. Stangland. The school of home economics has been authorized by the board of trustees to offer the same exemptions in fees to the following Uni-
versity students:
Betty J. Allen, Mary J. Bartling, Margaret E. Berryman, Margaret
ate’s intention to turn over all prob- Hedderich, Etta Legan, Jeraldine
Last week the University’s Naval Training School graduated 175 petty officers as third class electrician mates, bringing the total graduated to 553 men. Herbert M. Hart announced that they have been assigned to ship and shore stations throughout the country. Six of the graduates have been retained for duty as instructors and petty officers, while drafts of men from Company 3 have been assigned to submarine chase schools, ordnance instruction, gyrocompass scliools, amphibious and landing craft training stations in Chicago, San Francisco, Miami, New York, and Boston. Others are to serve with task units of the fleet. The six men who are to remain as instructors and who will eventually replafce some of the staff members serving in the Naval Training School at present are: R. E. Bietz, 0. A. Bernrir, W. M. Audritsh, A. L. Price, L. Schuchman and K. J. Queram. The sailors now in training here have gone on a 44 hour schedule of classroom instruction, attending classes in electrical theory, mathematics, motors, wiring, and tool design. They have regular inspection Saturday afternoon. Under a new plan, the sailors have an extra hour of physical training every day in addition “ to early iporning calisthentics.
lems within the jurisdiction of this board to them. Thus assuring them
of something to do.
The three fraternity members of the board and their respective houses are: Jihi Fahnestock, Sigma Nu; Don Miller, Kappa Sigma; William Smiley, Phi Gamma Delta. The three independent members who are all living in Cary Hall are: John Anejerson, K- K. Harrison and Jack Kilbttsi' AH' members of the board
McConaha, Marilee H. Roehrig, Vera Jean Rose, Shirley Vansickle and Betty Younger. John Stewart and Wilbur Nickel, both University students, were the winners of two $100 cash “Lynnwood Farm’’ scholarships. These awards were made by Charles J. Lynn of Indianapolis. Stewart won on his Berkshire hog records, .and Nickel on his PoUed Shorthorn rec-
Debris Will Reach
Students By Third
Week Of December
are'^Wt'semester engineers, except ords.
McCormick, who is a first semester agricultural student, and Harrison, who is a second semester engineer.
Eti||li^h Department Tb (iifer New Course
The University board of tiustees, Charles J. Lynn, the Pure Milk Association of Chicago and the Fire Underwriters’ Association of Chicago donated the scholarships.
Sugar Ration Books
English Department has announced a riew English course which ife to be added to the curricula. This course, under the.head of English 141, Trade and Technical Journhlifem, is the same as was offered during tbe'Summer term, and will be included in the English Courses offered for the Spring term. This course ■ has been inserted in the curricujum for the purpose of cov-eribg-trade journals and industrial publications of dll -kinds. PhofesBor J. H.'-McKee will be the instvb.ctpr of the course. J. E. S.temple, head of the Journalism Department at Ifadiana, will give a .seeiee of six lectures' of the same type, as he presented during^ the Sunimer term. T. R. Johnston,‘from the Publicity Department of the Unil^efsify, will also give a series of lectures. The course i.s open to any of the student body who are interested, and is scheduled for Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 8:00 o’clock.
It will be necessary for all students who go home for the Christmas vacation to obtain thpir War Ration Book No. 1 with, stamp numbers 9 and 27 left in the book in order to receive coffee and sugar while at home. The attention of all house mothers and house managers is called to this fact by A. D. Sullins, administrator. The books will have to be recollected gfter the vacation.
Stump, ME '41, Wiijs i A. A. Potter Award
Stephen Minton, Debris business manager, announced today that the 'new 1943 Debiis is almost ready for distribution. This year’s annual, which has been under preparation for the past two semesters, will piobably reach the student body sometime before the third week in December. This will enable those who arc to be graduated to receive their copies before graduation. The price of the annual is now five dollars. Those who want books and have not yet signed up should sign the pieferential list in the Debris business office before the date of distribution. Although no. additional copies are to be sold, there is a possibility that there will be some leftovers. The leftovers will be distributed to the persons whose names head the list. Organizations having a large number of members purchasingbooks should submit the names of those people to the Debris. This will enable the staff' to distribute the courtesy books to the organization, and save much time and trouble.
With $2,000 as the goal, war stamp tickets will go on sale tomorrow^at the wW Stamp tjooth in the Union, in the Cashier’s Office, and in the Cary Hall post office for the Alvino Rey convocation and mixer Saturday, December 5. The stamps will also be on sale at the door of the Music Hall at the beginning of the convocation. This drive is being sponsored by the Student Union and the Committee on Convocations. The convocation will last from 7 until 8; the mixer, from 8:30 to 11:30. Special war stamp tickets are being sold for fifty cents, will be received for a single admission to the convocation. They will also be necessary for admission to the mixerfollowing the 7 to 8 convocation, but must also be accompanied with the usual mixer ticket, which will cost $1.10. Coeds Urged To Help Drive Coeds are urged to help the drive by buj/ing their own war stamp tickets since both these and a mixer ticket must be presented for admission to the mixer, lit is hoped tfidt the $2,000 goal c^ be reached from the sale of war stamp tickets for this occasion. Coming so close to the anniversary of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, the war stamp drive shoilld boost the University’s bond and stamp sales appreciably. Alvino Rey, his orchestra, and the King- Sisters, the attraction behind this war stamp drive, come here from engagements such, as the College Inn at the Hotel Sherman in Chicago, and the Paramount Theatre in Los Angeles. They also played in the motion picture entitled “Second Fiddle”, starring Sonja Henie and Tyrone Power. Their more recent picture is “Sing Your Worries Away”. Feature “Stringy Guitar” Probably the one performer in the orchestra who will outshine anyone is “Sti-ingy Guitar”, an electi-ic guitar which Rey invented when he was twelve yeais old. Although Rey never patented his invention, he still improves on the original. “Stringy” is known as the speaking- guitar, the effect of a voice being created by the use of the Sonovox. In the future, Rey is planning to have a wooden head caijved which will resemble V “Dopey” of the Seven Dwarfs. He is going to place this head at the top of his electric guitar, and then “Stringy” will really become a personality.
University Club Will Feature Dr. Pearson
Weldon F. Stump, 1942 mechanical engineering graduate of the University, has won the A. A. Potter award which is given annually to the writer of the best essay in leading engineering colleges. Thp anonymous donor has named it the Potter award in honor of Dean Potter.
Mtidbaii
Stswipr Annoimcement'S
Senior announcements will be on sale the remainder of ithis week in the three book stores and in the senate office. The sale will close Satui'day noon, and seniors are urged to get them before this time. • There are three different kinds: wkite leathet'’ forfiial invitations for 40c, white cardboard invitatipns'for 20e, and plain annonnwinents for 5c.
The winning essay, “The Engineer and Citizenship During the Present Emergency,” judged by the ASME Committee on Engineers’ Civic 'Responsibilities, is reprinted in full ih the November issue of Mechanical Engineering.
hey there clarence i wonder if i u students mixed ixaint in with the whitewash that got spilled on the sidewalks before the football game if they did it is exifemely unfair seeing moider <^a bums as you walk to the sweet shop every afternoon breaks down your moral when you know da bums moidered US —MUDBALL
Program To Begin At 7 Tomorrow In Music Hall
New Navel Training Class Is Largest; 225 Are Enrolled
Band Will Open Cary Club Formal At 8:30 P. M. In Union Ballrooms
Company To Take Electrical Course
In addition to playing for the Cary Club Formal tomorrownight at 8:30 in the Union Ballrooms, Dick Jurgens will appear at a special convocation in the Music Hall from 7 to 8 p. m. This special convocation will be open to all members of the student body and faculty. All of the 300 tickets which were placed on sale to the student body have been sold. Cary Club found it possible to sell / tickets to students outside of
By Donald W. Hart, Y3c The largest class of trainees to enter the Naval Training School here arrived from Great Lakes Naval Training Station today and will begin classes in the electrical division Monday. The contingent consists of 225 seampn instead of the usual 200 as the result of la -Commandant order raising monthly quotas in several Naval schools throughout the Ninth Naval District. Fifteen additional seamen, now completing a month’s course in the Preliminary Training program conducted by this school, will join with the ingom,ing draft to mak^ up a new training unit termed Company 7, which will be under the command of Ensign Harold E. Tourney. The company will undergo an intensive 16-week course in electrical theory and laboratory and ether related subjects and will be granted petty officers ratings upon successful completion of the course. The ratings will be those of third class electricians’ mates. This will be the first time an incoming company has been made up entirely of men from a single recruit training station. Previous drafts entering the school have included contingents from Norfolk, Va., or Newport, R. I., stations.
the Cary Halls since the number of students living in the halls is approximately half what it was at this time last year. This is the first time that the Cary Club winter foim .1 has been, in any way, an open danr . This will be the second appearance of Dick Jurgens with his “Dar • able rhythms” here on the cam o'-1 He provided the music for i ci
Corsages will not be in order the dance.
Arena To Address Soil Scienre Society Tomorrow Night
Senor Antoij^o Arena, of the Argentine Department of. Agriculture at Buenos Aires, will address a meeting of the Soil Science Society of Indiana tomorrow evening, in room 355 of the Union Building. Senior Arena is head of the section of soils of the Argentine Agricultural Department and has studied soils and their related problems under scientists of France, England, and Germany. He is visiting this counti-y to become better acquainted with its soil and the scientists studying it. “Agriculture and Natural Resources of Argentina” is the subject of Senor Arena’s talk, and in it he will endeavor to present a clear picture of the agncultural and economic conditions in Argentina. The Society has extended an invitation to the public to hear Senor Arena’s lecture, beginning at 8:15.
Dick Jurgens' vocal stars
Top to bottom; Harry Cool, Bob among the top ranking bands in the
year’s Sophomore Cotillion, a:-, many will be glad to hear once mm c the maestro droll out his welcoming words of “Here’s That Band Again . Jurgens’ band is noted for its sweetness which, when combined with novelty numbers, enables the band to keep the majority of the dancers happy throughout the cw -
ning.
Organized In College The band was organized by a group of students at Sacramento Junior College in California. The original group lived within six blocks of each other while attending school and most of these men are still with the orchestra. Jurgens started out as the first trumpeter and was made the leader only after an injury had made it impossib'o for him to play his instrument. H--now devotes most of his time to leading the band and plays only for certain specialty arrangements. Starting out with only six pieces, the organization was expanded to its present size within a week when Jurgens contracted to have a fourteen piece band ready to play at the opening of the new St. Francis Hotel in San Francisco. With only a week of training and practice for the new men, plus the fact that the members of the band had to write their own parts and the orchestrations for about 200 tunes, the band’s appeal - ance was heralded as a success by the California critics. Enjoys Nation-Wide Fame Over the period of one year, Jurgens has led his band to a place
Lee, Carl Moreno.
Brandt and Buddy
Stratton Takes Oath As Director Of SPARS
country, and has merited the favorable comment from Walter Winchell, “New Yorchids to Dick Jurgens’ grand band . . . and anything’ they play.” Since that time, the band has made repeat performances at the Drake Hotel in Chicago; Catalina Island, California; the Aragon and Trianon ballrooms in Chicago; the Peabody Hotel in Mem-
Dr. Harry Pearson, dramatic reader, and the Foster Quartet will be featured in a University Club program to be presented in Eliza Fowler Hall on Monday night, November 30, at 8 o’clock. The' Fosters will give their repertoire of southern melodies while Dr. Pearson, former director of the New English Players and now recreational director at Washington Sanitarium, Washington, D. C., will deliver a dramatic reading. He has traveled to the leading universities of the country giving such readings, and has made appearances in Germany, France, Italy, and Ganada as well. Each University Club membership ticket will be accepted as two admissions, and additional tickets will be sold to the general public for fifty cents each.
Prof. Fofos Will Attend Educators' Conference
Dorothy C. Stratton, former Dean phis, and many other spots of equal
Prof. John T. Fotos, of the Modern Language department, will attend the first conference of PanAmerican Educators of the United States with a group of students from Latin-America. He will address the group Saturday on “Spanish iti Educational Publishing.” This week-end confex’ence is being held in Indianapolis at President Elliott’s suggestion for a mid-western location easily accessible to most of those who would attend the confeieiTce.
of Women at the University, was sworn in as director of the Women’s Reserve of the Coast Guard, Tuesday. Vice-Admiial R. R. Waesche administered the oath of office in Washington. Lieutenant Commander Stratton is the first to wear the uniform of the SPARS. President Roosevelt has now approved the enlistment of 4,000 women in the unit to be trained as yeomen, radio operators and stoiekeepeis. The SPARS will be trained in the same schools that are used for the WAVES, the Navy auxiliary. Pievious to her present position, Lieut. Commander Stratton served on the selection' board of the
fame throughout the country. Jurgens supervises all of the arranging that is done for the band and he is the composer of the orchestra’s theme song “Daydiearns Come True at Night”, which he wrote to pass a college examination.
Pharmacy Positions Open To Seniors
Louis Barnett Wins lit Game Football
WAACS and as a Lieutenant in the WAVES.
Dean A. A. Potter
Penalty Dates
Louis Barnett, an alumnus from
No Paper
There will ba no Exponent Friday. 'Ij’hy! ne'Xt Issue will appear
Saturxjay.
No Screeo Rpyiew
The Screen Review will not be shown today due to the observance of Thanksgiving.
November 27 Is a penalty day. This date represents the 24-hour period after an authorized recess. Any student who is absent from classes on this day will be fined $5.00.
. of the Engineeiing schools
Indianapolis, won the football used will give his 23rd annual address in Saturday’s game with Indiana by before the New York Purdue Club purchasing the most war bonds in of which J. R. Hyiieman, ’21, is pres-
the drjve sponsored by the Reamers, ident, and D. H. Hunt, ’14, secre- plete details as well as forms for Barnett, who bought $1,000 worth tary, the evening of December 3. application may be obtained at any of bonds, was presented the ball He will also be attending the an- first or secend class post office, or after it had been signed by both nual meeting of the American So- from the United States Civil Serv« coacHes and members of both teams, ciety of Mechanical Engineers. ice Commission, Washington, D. C.
» . K,'
The Civil Service Commission has announced that a new examination for pharmacists will be given to those who are interested in becoming Junior Pharmacists with a sal-
ary of $2,000 a year.
To take the test the applicant must either have successfully completed a full four-year course with major study in Pharmacy at a recognized college of pharmacy, or medical school, or be a senior student in such schools expecting to
graduate by July 1, 1943.
Announcements containing com-
iPag§ 2
Purdue Exponent , Thursday, Novenuber 26, 1942
\
"TTr-
Purdue Exponent
Offices: EditoWai and Businati Purdue Memorial Uhion, Phana 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Edifor-in-Cbicf News Kdilor Mnnncintr Kdifor Sport-s Editor . . linsinor^s Monaffcr, Toril Editor
^.. Jbhn F. Amp* Don T. Brophy ..John H. Armiitrong Robert L. Hadley ...Ken K. Gjcmre Alice Chbifield
PublicaHon Staff
Aesoc'&fe Editotfl Ed'itorial SlnfT: 0. W. Ochciltreei A. P. HuPtor, W. E. Rafert, D. E. Pulz, W. G. Hopkins, R. W. Buswinkle, K. Roquemore, s. Woir. Spurts S»alT: D. E; Brewer, J. S. Dawson, D. Shryer, C. Sdwnrci,-. Coed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer, Elaine Ahr.ns. Business Staff (rod Btifinrrs Manager: Julia Martin. .Advortisinff Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson, J. Petty. C irculation Manager: G. H, Klouninn. Acct.unts Manager: Trcna Torrenga. .lunior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark. Jane Kcim. The Purdue Independent
rdtnr-in-Chicf. Mnnaging Editor Husido.ss Manager (Oed Editor Advertising Manager.. Afooiint.s Manager... ... I'ircutalion Manager. .
• Dbve ,Bar^a Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum ... Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue i? ht Editor: MartindcH Sports Editor: Krieger lay Editor: Spandet-Riggs Issue Editor: Smeltzcr Reporters: Smith, llclftrich, Donham, Sommer, Murphy, ai.iy. vlrvgoiy, Hohn. Vcgh, Lynch.' Entircd a** second class matter at the post office ih.Lafay11 ■. ]ii(ii!-n5i. under the act of Congress of .March 3, 1879, ji^l at. i1k‘ special rate of postage, provided .for in'section lu;:, :t(l of October 3, 1017, authorized JAnuary 20, 1922. u,liii.-=in-il on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mprniiigs iirin i ih. year. Ikliycrcd locally by carrier for $1.76 for a • or f(»r two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a : -tir (ir.$3.ri0 for two semesters. . . .MM M Tnv ter; mailed subscription $1.60. • ' *• v -]u- ' Miled for national advertising by National Advertis- »■ ; S i vi Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 .^vc■.. New York, N. Y.
Coed... ' Pay Your Share Cp-ixis stating that “the holder has purcha.sed 5Q cents of U. S. War Saving Stamps” are now being sold as admission to the Alvino R; y tonvo and dance, scheduled for a week fi on) Saturday. Each couple must show two of these cards for admission to the convo at 7 j). in. in the Music Hall, and these same cards lilus'a §tl,10 ticket will be collected at the door te thy dance. Tliere is not one among us who does not support this Student Union policy of “war stamp cenvos and mixers”, and I’m sure that the coeds are ,iust as much in favor of the idea as anyone else ... BUT . . . what do they do about "it? At previous dances requiring war stamp inu'chases for admission (starting with the T. l.)oi sey convo and dance last spring) the girls h.ave just tal<en it for granted that their dates c!o all the work . . . buy both the war stamps and dance tickets, in addition to. providing 1 lansportation, food and all the other niceties. Isn’t it about time that we girls remember that the age of the clinging vine is gone. If it was not dead years ago, it’s death knell was iriost certainly sounded.by the Japs on December 7th. Now we are ALL fighting a war, men and women alike, so why should the men have to support the war stamp sales any more than the women? It’s a small thing to do, but it is the patriotic thing for each coed to buy her own 50 cents \vdrtli of stamps for the admission fee to convo and dance. The stamps and cards stating that .\di! have purchased 50 cents worth may be obtained at the Union stamp booth in front of the Sweet Shop, at the Executive Building and at the Cary Club post office. Let’s see the coeds prove their war-minded-ncss by buying their own stamps.—m.j.l.
The Omohundrq Brofhers . . Fl ank and George of Garrett, are now Ensigns • lie Xav.v. Frank, who spent one year at the tJnivLi.iii.v, entered the U. S. Nayal Academy in June, JX'Jd, and giaduated as an Ensign last June. He is now an in.struetor in the Naval Training School at liaiVanl Univei'sity. GWge, a 1‘JtO ehcmicaJ engineering graduate of Gw Uniyensity, took a special Die.sel course at Cornell jii iio.iv an insti-iietor in.this at that institution. ,
MaHhew Kennedy ... of *1 ei re Haute and a graduate of the University II I'M'}, ha.s a Jap bomber plane and two Zeroes to his otdnvHe is now at home on furlough after participvTjrfi: in the battle of Guadalcanal. Lieut. Kennedy inember of Delta Chi fraternity, enlisted in .'u.igiisl, 191^1. He wa.s made a lieutenant in the Marine i;'!'. ing 'Coj j).s and became the pilot of a fighter plane, if is. m-xt .station will be at San Diego, Calif.
trsTUeiif-. Tom Mann . . o" j/cai' Sullivan and a former student at the ' " I iiy, bagged a Jap bomber the first week he ; on Guadalcanal. Lieut. Mann, who was a freshaii in the School of Agriculture in 1938-39, is a I inid lieutenant in the Marine Flying Corps!
CSyde L. Stewarf
. . . wa.s recently appointed a Naval Aviation Cadet and iransfenc ! to^the Naval Air Station, Pensacola, i-la. Siewai' ( feived his BS degree from the Univei. iiy ujo ]nv..,eu varsity football here.
. • t« It,, .U S (’.I OK MERRY-GO-ROUND ly DREW PEARSOti Frugality Marks White House Thanksgiving Dinner; Panama 'Treaty' Bypasses Constitution WASHINGTON—Thanksgiving in the White House this year is not unlike that of the Woodrow Wilsons in 1917 when they achieved the reputation of serving the most frugal Thanksgiving dinner hi White House history! . . 4 The Wilsoii dinner consisted of only three coui'ses: (1) Creain of oyster soup with slices of hot buttered toast; • (2) turkey with trimmings and vegetables (cranberries were omitted); (3) pumpkin pie but no plum pudding with burning brandy; for doubling on desserts was against Mrs. Wilson’s idea of HooVerizing. Black coffee followed as a digestive stimulant. In contrast, Abraham Lincoln was served the following sumptuous Thanksglviiig: repast^ the Sturges Rifles in 1861, first year of the War Between the States: “Chicken soup, i-past beef, turkey, ci’anberry sauce, chicken, mallard duck, tame duck, boiled ham, boiled corn beef, fried oysters, boiled potatoes, sweet potatoes, boiled turnips, cabbage, celery, mince;pie and Hamburg cheese.” Thei-e was nothing fancy about the service but there was plenty of it. • Shopping Problems Thanksgiving shopping is not particularly dilficult for the First Lady, no matter what the administration. For instead of depending on the rnarket, the White House usually receives several gift turkeys. In recent years they have been coming fi-om a fancier' in Rhode Island. Of the six standard varieties of domesticated turkey in the U. S. A.—the bronze, Narragansett, buff, slate, white, and black—the bronze and Narragansett are the largest and these are the varieties usually served at the White House, . President Taft, however, always got his turkeys front Tazewell County, Virginia, from which Queen Victoria also received turkeys and Albermarle pippins every year during her reigii. Senator Ollie James of Kentucky also used to insist.that Rhode Island turkeys could not compare with those from the Blue Grass state, and always sent a ■large bird to Woodrow Wilson. Incidentally it was not until around 1845 that, anyone ever paid much attention to Thanksgiving in Washington; It was considered chiefly a New England holiday, In that year, however, the sleepy city along the Potomac, particularly its merchants, woke up to the joys—and commercial possibilities—of Thanksgiv- . ing. Grocers’ ads that year blossomed forth heralding “Sixty barrels of white wine, 40 barrels of champagne, two half casks of French brandy, all by recent packet from New York via Alexandria.” • Panama Treaty^ One of the most significant treaties since the founding fathers wrote the Constitution is now under seci'et consideration in the U. S. Senate. It is an ajgreement with Panama. Actually it is not called a “treaty”. It is called a “joint resolution” to escape the constitutional provision requiring two-thirds ratification by the Senate. In other words, this particular treaty, when called a joint resolution, can be ratified by a bare majority vote of one in each house of Congress. So far eagle-eyed Senators Gillette, Democrat of Iowa, and Nye, Republican of North Dakota, comprising a sub-committee to study the matter, have not recommended passage. They ai'e skeptical regarding any break down of constitutional safeguards. The treaty (1) provides that Panama be given the entire sewage, water supply and sanitation system constructed by the U. S. A. in the cities of Colon and Panama to get rid of dread yellow fcver‘ and malaria menalce. But after giving them to Panama for its own operation ,the United States would still retain the obligation to maintain health in the Canal Zone. (2) Gives Panama all U. S.-owned land in the city of Colon, valued at 125,000,000. (3) Cancels the $2,500,000 debt which Panama borrowed from the Export-Import Bank. • Panama Congress Must Ratify Another “treaty” also has been negotiated with Panama which bas not been refei-red to Congress even as a joint resolution. This is called a military agreement. Undoubtedly, there is justification for rushing through an agreement of this kind for the defense of Panama. But although the U. S. Senate is not consulted and not asked to ratify the agreement, nevertheless the Congress of Panama, under Article 14, must ratify. In other words, the State Department considers the Congress of Panama more important than the Senate of the United States. This military agreement provides for (1) $700,000 a year rent to Panama during the war for the occupation of certain areas in the Republic; (2) Building roads through Panama, which become the property of Panama after the war; (3) Building a bridge over a major river, which becomes the jrroperty of Panama; (4) Building bridges over or subways under each end of the Panama Canal. Senators studying these two agreements point out that the treaty of 1903 negotiated by .Secretary of State John Hay permitted the United States to use the territory of Panama at any time for the defense of the Canal. And while they are behind the Good Neighbor Policy, Senators doubt v/hether a real good; neighbor policy should be purchased for approximately $50,000,000 in cash. As a result, the “treaty” sub--mitted as a “joint resolution” may not get a majority vote. 5 • Hitler Influences Argeintina If Hitler moves in on Spain, be may accomplish at one blow what we have failed to do in nine months of diplomatic discussions with Argentina’. He may force that South American country into a break with the Axis. It was Argentina which principally gummed the works at Rio de Janeiro last January, when astute Sumner Welles, Under Secretary of State, -was trying to line up all 21 Latin-American countries behind a resolution to break relations. There Argentina Foreign Minister Ruiz Guinazu "insisted on “neutralily” and Argentina remained on the fence. Ruiz Guinazu is a great admirer of Spain, is proud of his own Spanish blood. Furthermore, he points to Spain’s “tradition of neutrality” as the best guarantee of peace. So if the Germans now attack Spain, the Argentine Government would almost be forced to come to the defense of the mother country by breaking relations with the attacking country. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
cJiCol^ln^ ^y4roun(l By Jack Abbett and Jim RichiArdson ' It seems that the Nazis could use a tittle pin money ri^ht.':, now. At least, according to information from the Dutch gbvf ernment in exile, they are working a new variation of-aii old, extortion scherho. Persons and families in neutral and allied countries are receiving notes which State that if a certaih'; amount of money is paid immediately ih nelitral cUrrChcy their relatibns or friends in oc-
“All present sir, except private Truffle, who broke his spectacles, private Snodgrass, who mislaid his upper plate, and private Jones, who has that misery in his back again.”
University Calendar
THANKSGIVING DAY
Friday, November 27
4:00 P;M. 8:00 P.M. 8:30 P.M.
PENALTY DAY Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Cosmopolitan Club Initiation.. Cary Club Dinner Dance
Room 304, Union West Faculty Lge, Union ......North Ballroom. Union
Navy News Donald W. Hart, Y3c As a training springboard for the new group of trainees who will begin work in the Navy electrical school here Monday, a refreshercourse in fundamental mathematics will be added to the curriculum of the school. ' The course will be based upon the textbook on fundamental mathematics prepared by the Training Division of tire Navy’s Bureau of Personnel and is designed to bridge the, gap between the former academic educatioiiv of the trainee arid the higher technical training taught in the electrical school. Surveys of many trainees in this school have disclosed that inany seamen assigned to training here have had very little if any college education. Many did riot complete high school studies and a few did not reach high school. For many of those who have had a foundation which would ordinarily prepare them for the type of study given here, the time elapsing since the men left institutional training sometimes covers a period of years. For all- seamen, it will mean a month of study preparing them for advanced work although it ^yill be taken simultaneously with the regular work.
jCupied tei-Titory will be.allowed ■to leave it? If the money is not ^brthGOmiiig, vdiled and even open threats of concentration - camps and worfee are stated in each letter. Since Germany seems to value the stability and -woi'th of neutral money; above that of thd mark, could it be that perhaps even with the intuitive control of “der tFuehrer” that the value of the Ger■manmonctaryi'unit is slipping? Ill ♦ 111 ■' The “Corriei'e Della Sere”,’one of Italy’s leading papers, . has just started an editorial "eampaign against all Fascists who have quit wearing their party badges. The pripef states that this, constitutes “such an attitude that becomes in wartime the , equivalent of high treason”. It is also said that not only is the act fcowardly but also .shows,ilack of interest in the ’wat. It appears to some people that perhaps this shows a lively interest in the war, especially in what is going on across the “Mare Nostrum” right now. Maybe Benito would also like to turn his pin back except for the fact of probable hurt feelings in his Aryan friend to the north.
ofieffaW- to the £jdihA.
Tuesday. Dear Sir: This mqrning.pnly three days before the Military Ball, I received a letter from L. M. Vallely of the Union saying that, “it is with sincere" that many room reservations for this week-end had been cancelled duo to the necessity of accommodations for Naval Officers. This sudden shock was followed by the customary explanations: disruption of reservation schedule, making sacrifices for the country, etc. Then he signed off hoping (he hopes) that Lean find satisfactory arrangements elsewhere. Lie forgot to add — at this late date. I’m not complaining about giving up a reservation to the navy, but what gripes me is after planning on staying my date at the Union for over a month I’ln given notice at the last minute saying my reisciwation doesn’t, exist anymore. May L be so crude and course as to aslc just where my, date is supposed to ..stay ? ?. ? ■ , . The Military Ball is the biggest dance of the year with maybe the exception of the Junior Prom. With the possibility! that this might l;e' the last, “big” dance for the duration it-worikl sbcin that slight consideration might be in order that it might remain a_ memorable “last dance.” My •'notice 'was mimeogi'aphod; a fait which leads me to
the conclusion that there ai'c a goodly sized number of fellow eds that received the letter and are faced with the same situation. I sui)pose there’s no use crying over spilt milk. Tke Navy Officers are welcome to my room (Pm in the. Naval Reserve),, but may I curse and condemn, ail my evil thoughts on this matter to the person (or pei'son.s) that is rccspcnsihle for the situation. Certainly a month old reservation broken three days before it’s due displays ignorance, favoritism, or poor management on somebody’s part. I can’t quite vision the Union dormitory filled to the 1)r!m with Naval OfficeBs. To put it literally and. colloquially—it’s a heliiiva me;is. Don Gault, ■ M. E.’41 Maury Mahn . . . will be featured at the Saturday mixer sponsoreil by the Union. This “Thanksgiving Ball” will 1)0 held in the north and south ballrooms of the Union from 8:30 to 11:30 at the I'egular jiricc of admission, $1.10. ' ■ '
First Lieutenant Olav Johnson, Security Officer of the Naval Training Station, has been assigned senior Shore Patrol officer for the station by Lt. Comdr. H. M. Hart, Commanding Officer. Taking effect at once, Lt. Johnson is now in complete charge of all Shore Patrol activities originating at this ^tation.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S : M
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS iversitv look Store
Across From Union , “Red*’ Summons ’29 “Dtic” Eppte *40
Daily Health Service Report The health 'service reports Unit seven persons entered the hospitals last Monday, while live others were released the first of the week. W. A. Abrams, |frcshman engineer; K. W. Esslcy, freshman science; J. R. ■Meacham, junior mechanical; Anne Mooi-e, junior home ec; J, LI. Stiggleman, senior mechanical; and C. A. Wulf, senior chem engineer, all entered St. Elizabeth hospital for medical or surgiqal treatment, and R. A. Bussing, freshman engineer, went to the Home hospital for med-s ical treatment Monday. La.st Monday IL B. Addison, freshman '’engineer, and Everett Sklarz, junior chem engineer, were released from the St. Elizabeth and Home hospitals, respectively, while J. F. Austin, jnnhn- science, \va;) released from the St. Elizabeth hospital last Tuesday.
11 OIL Of
a.6 SMIifSWfAR
HENRY ROSENTHAL CO. 322 Main St.
MFdy^inri
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
m
1 SMASH9N6 THRILLS!
mifSill
LUMA
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
SiX-GUNS BARK REVENGE!
DON "RED” eHHHY EMMETT LYNN NOAH BEERY, LYNN MERRICK;
Y.
Yk'*' , '„' ■^' ' V ^ ‘ . , ■ ,; '’^ ■ ■ '■'^ufsdi^yy-Nopemher 26^ 1942
",'«,!/-V* ;r-• ■ '■■ f ' '
'*>A-
B^il^rifnaker l^&rh
Ilov^l Acts And Ideas Added To Aquacade |. , .. . „ ■ By Ray .Smith ■ YiftS^iliheitime 'fpr the ahnUal Aquac.^de approaches, Dick Papp|igu%^ ;^lreot6r and', .Master of Ce'remonies, continues to add i^'^jacls and,novel ideas to the program with the thought of itt^kipg this X'ear’s show the most colorfuj.,and entertaining, in tnp 4(iuacade history. \ Y^thp'empjidsil of the Aquacade’programs will ,be placed on novelty eyepts, with a score of different stunts packed into a little more than one hour and a half of varied entertainment. The Friday and Saturday night shows, December 4 and SjjWill be open to the general public, with all seats reserved alj a nominal admission price of fifty
cents.
Special Shpw For Navy iln addition .to the shows for the geherdi, public, a' special performafice, open without charge to the sailors attending the Naval Training Schoofwill be presented on Sunday afterrioo, Dec. 6, at 2:30 o’clock iii .cooperation with the USO. Tickets for the. general public performance ai;e now on sale at the ticket office in the men’s gymnasium or can be obtained from members of both the Dolphin and Triton Clubs. hi pi'esertting a program that has beOn inOreasing in popularity year by year, the Boilermaker mermen and mermaids will be ably supported by the .^urdue Men’s Glee Club di- gjjj Buffington, hard-driving fulllected by Albert P. Stewart, which -back, who was elected honorary in addition to presenting several captain for the season just closed, special numbers will provide back- ^nd also chosen by his teammates ground music for several colorful the Boilermakers’ candidate for ®, the most valuable player trophy. Ballets Highlight Program awarded annually by The Chicago Precision water ballets by coed Tribune. m4ihbers of the Triton Club will aj^in provide one of the highlights which will work as a unit in demonofi*he program. Three different bal- strating life saving breaks and carle^, have-been planned, one a float- I'ies, under water swimming, breath iuiicvyp'ei.ppe an “airplane” version control under water, and the formain,jvhich. there will be numerous Gon of a human bridge across the spins, and another a typical waltz- Pooling type. ' Another feature will be provided jNumerous comedy and surprise by Patty Aspinall, of Indianapolis, acts will be interspersed during the national women’s 200 yard breast program, including roller skating stroke champion, who will provide ra^ep and wagon races on the bot- an exhibtion of changing styles in tuh)^9f..the pool, and the always hi- strokes and swimming suit fashlarioushomedy diving. An added at- ions.
tr|icti6n will be provided by the per fcflmance of a retriever owned by
Heidke Attempts Record
Although the bulk of the program
Dr. H. N. Swezey, of Lafayette, will be given over to novelty and which will be assigned the task of surprise stunts, there will be a seri-
captufilig ft Mallard duck to be
lekse^n the pool. S^immando Unit
Papenguth has also organized
ous swimming note as Roy Heidke, ol' Chicago, Purdue sophomore, makes an attempt to break the world’s record at 50 yards in .the
“Swimmart’db” group of 32 students breast stroke.
mwvoifittm
CL “3'iuiitL JChupC. can be obtained at the CHESTNUT ROOM : at the PURDUE UNION Eor triie hospitality . . . offer your guests one of our delicious Thanksgiving Dinners . . . served with all L the niceties that make dining a Jjleasure!
JhsL fiju/vdiJUL TyismociLcdL lAmmi, The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Silver Mask Holds Fencing Practices In Fieldhouse By Sheldon Watson One of the newest and least publicized additibns to the long list of varsity sports is fencing. The Boilermaker fencing squad, better known around these parts as the Silver Mask, is composed of 12 actives and eight pledges. This aggregation of fencing enthusiasts is co'ached by Professor Finney, of the Moderii Language department. Professor Finney is a master- in the art of dueling with swords. Recently he took over the mentorship of the Silver Mask in an effort to arouse "more interest on the students’ part, Practice Daily Practice sessions for the fencing squad are held every afternoon of the week in the fencing room which is located on the balcony in the Fieldhouse. Workouts consist of intrasquad matches and practice on the dummy targets. In order to ac'quaint 'the students with the work of the fencing squad. Professor Finney has issued a callout for all beginners in this sword sport. Fundamentals in the art of fencing will be given to all students who wish to try their hand at the game. Minor Sport Enthusiasts who show promise in fencing will be given a chance to compete in the varsity squad. Beginners will also be entered in the beginners’ tournament which is scheduled for the first part of next semester. Fencing, until a few semesters ago, was just an extracurricular activity. Now it is ranked as a varsity sport and those qualified receive minor letters for their participation. Freshman numerals are -also awarded to the Rhinie members of the squad. Face Irish Only one meet is scheduled for the fencers this semester. This will take place in our Fieldhouse on December 8. The opposing fencers will come from Notre Dame to test their skill on the Boilermaker swordsmen. Next semester, the varsity is scheduled to enter the Big Ten fencing tournament, but may be forced to withdraw because of transportation difficulties. Silver Mask Members Aaron Kaufman is the president of the Silver Mask for this season. In addition to Mr. Kaufman, the actives are R. E. DeHart, C. O. Huffman, R. F. Jackson, W. G. Koerner, M. C, Plummer, G. E. Paine, J. L. Tucker, J. J. Wallbillick, G. E. Wood, F. D. Rosen and R. H. Groodenrote. The pledge roster, headed by that master of the swords. Bob “Footsie” Bryant, consists of Acheson, Schwenker,Triska, Schroeder, Thiele, and Larson. All students who are interested in boxing, whether they are experienced or not, are requested to attend the first meeting of the Boilermaker pugilists which will be held at 4:30 on the afternoon of Wednesday, Dec. 2, in the boxing arena located on the balcony which overlooks the second floor of the Fieldhouse. Jim Beers, Instructor
S ports Communiqi leC Bill Buffington Chme^ Bv 'Rob Hadlev if I II nl ^
Most Valuable Player By Riveter Gridmen
We went to the annual Kiwanis Gljib football banquet last night to witness the awarding of gridiron honoi'is to the Boilermakers. Thete were about 250 there including the varsity, ^‘B” team and the freshman squad. About 160 of those in attendance w^re -^here representing the Boilermaker grid fans of Lafayette . . . men that are interested in the Riveters win, lose or draw, and in the job they are doing for the school. A gafig of loyal fans make it a lot easier to justly honor a team that fought and lost. We were glad to see the “most y^aluable player’* and “honorary captain” titles given to fSntterin’ Bllff Buffington. Bill made a real comeback this year after Ijjsjt.year’s back difficulty kept him entirely away from the football bii^ne’&s. ' ‘ ’
His-hard, smashing drives through eneiny lines, and his vicious back- senior fullback from Peru, Ind., as the Eiveters’ caildidatb for ‘ing'up of the Boilpmaker forf ard.^qll stood out all season. More impor- the iriost valuable player trophy, awarded annually by The lant was his ability.tu'hoM^tjhen^rale of the whole team, week in ami Chicago'Tribune.' The hard-driving Buffington also received
week out, by quietly^^ammerfi^g w-^ymt his own job dh evoryihmc;' ho
had, both in ganfe^'aild-priact^q-if^sions.
There were about lalieilt, joints brought out at the banquel in the Course of tHe cpnverSiiliqh.K'the first was that Elmer Burnham rates right up at the fOtiittYhe Cdaching business. The second .was thht those of this year’s plfiyerS gding soon into the services will put
By Bob Kriegcr
Following the annual Kiwanis Club football banquet which wqs held in the Union last Tuesday night, members of the Boilermaker varsity football team selected Bill 'Buflin^h,
Faculty Bowling
up the same sort of .^fight-fol* their country that they did for their school—and that’ll be a lot of. fight... there’s a lot of ’em. The third —that the members of tBie.cdmparty of Marines that tries to feed Pinky Wnrren, will p^oba^>Iy^^fe,o hungry most of the time. Since we have sworn off^the practice of predicting, we have been look-
ing around for a ni^e qpie.t, indoor pastime, where our opinion, rather Horticulture than our intuition is' oi pdi’ain'o.unt importance, feo here is our selection Agr. Chem. 1
LEAGUE STANDING Nov. 16-20
W.
English 24
. 23 . 22
Poultry 22
SECOND TEAM Animal Husbandry 21 Walker, Indiana Civil Engineering 20 Baumann, Wis.. Executive 20 .. Pawlowski, Illinois Speech 20 Vickroy, Ohio State Electrical Engineering 19 Franks, Mich. Naval Training Station 19 Mitchell, Minn. Agricultural Engineering.. 18 Smerke, Purdue Physics 18 .... Lynn, Ohio State Dairy 17 Kuzma, Mich. Physical Plant 17 flillenbrand, Indiana Agricultural Extension 17 Harder, Wis. Mechanical Engineering.... 16
Radio Engineering 16 Recitation 16 Chemistry 2 15 Forestiy 16 Agronomy 2 15 Chemistry 1 14
Chicago, 111., Nov. 25—‘With only Although it is one of the most Agronomy !■ 14 the results of the Michigan-Iowa publicized, the University intra- Army 13 game on Saturday yet to be tallied, mural basketball program is rapid- Agr. Chem. 3 13 Gene Fekete, Ohio State sohpomore ly becoming the most popular sports Agr. Chem. 2 13 fullback, appears the certain sue- activity on the campus. Close to Chemical Engineering 13 cessor of Marlin (Pat) Harder as one thousand boys partake in this Agi\ Exp. Station 12
the Western Conference scoring activity weekly,
leader. Tjjg intramural department has Like Fekete, who captured the formulated a well organized system 1942 crown with 62 points. Harder which permits each team entered was a sophomore fullback last to. play two games each week.
for an All-Big Ten team:
FIRST TEAM
Schreiner, Wis Wistert, Mich Wolesar, Mich
Nolander, Minn.
Houston, Ohio State
Wildung, Minn , .....kT Shaw, Ohio State BE ... Wink, Wis ;....i.;.\LQB Sarringhaus, Ohio State HB., Graham, Northwestern .....’r.HB. Fekete, Ohio Stat^.....“..,^..i\..; 1...FB.
Gene Fekete Looms As Leading Scorer
Intramural Quintets Lure Many Students
Pharmacy 12 General Stores 12 Biology .7 11 General Engineering 11
High Team Sets
season when he tallied 68 points to Thirty-six teams—one from each Physics 2822
head the conference. Both won the fraternity plus a Navy team—corn-
honor over a six gkme route. Fekete combined a good blend of speed and power to lead the Big Ten throughout the season in both scoring and rushing. His powerful’ thrusts into opposing lines gained many firsL downs and when the defense tightened up he would turn loose his fine speed in wide reverses and off tackle slants. IM Schedules BASKETBALL Friday evening, Nov. 27 Court 1—Pilarski 7:00 Ward lOB vs. 24. 7:15 Ward'llA vs. 26. 8:10 Ward IIB vs. 26. 8:26 Navy Practice Court 2—Chais. Hess 7:00 Ward'llD vs. 30. 7:16 WardTlE vs. 27. ’ 8:10 Ward GC'vs. 21. 8:25 Ward 22 vs.'29. Court 3—Jean Whitlock - 7:00 Ward 2A vs. 5. 7:15 Ward 2B'vs. 6A. ■ ' 8:10 Ward 6B vs. 23. 8:26 Ward lie vs. 28. -iJ
prise the Inter-Fraternity League. Another large group is included in the Waz-d group of teams, which are twenty-five in number. Cary Hall is represented by six aggregations, bringing the number uj) to sixty-seven teams. Allowing about eight men to each team a simple calculation shows that six hundred boys enjoy this healthful activity each week. Games In Fieldhouse All games are played in the basketball courts in the Fieldhouse. The teams play half-games at a time, with 15 minute halves, thus permitting two complete games, including the rest between ^halves, to take place within one hour. For instance, a team that begins to play at 7:00 will play for 16 minutes, rest for 16 minutes while another game is commenced on their court, and then resume play for another 16 minutes. After their quarterhour rest, the second game again takes the court and is completed while the first grohp of boys is in the showers. With two hours of this (See INTRAMURAL, page 4)
tho yfidiiionai honor of being' fdectpfi' hoporary captain for
the sf'a^on ju^t closed,- , J Tni’Ty-one major letters and
IJ minor letters were awarded ' to the members of the varsity squad, 18 awards were authorized L for members of the “B” squad, and 9 42 freshman varsity numerals weTe
jQ awarded, 11 Majors
11 John Andretich, Chicago, 111.; 12 Robert Bachmann, LaPorte; Eich13 ard Barwegen, Chicago, 111.; An13 drew Berkley, Dayton, Ky.; Tony 13 Berto, Clinton; William Bulfin^on, 14 Peru; Walter Cook, Casper, Wyo.; 14 Ed Cycenas, Chicago, 111.; Pefer 15 DeMaria, Glenside, Pa.; Verno* Efk, 15 Richmond; Barry French, Sitiixz 16 Palls, S. D.; Robert Hajzyk, South 16 Bend; Charles Harris, South Bend; 16 Otto Hurrle, Indianapolis; LaVern 17 King, Crown Point; Edward Klein, 17 Chicago, 111.; Carl Leavy, West La17 fayette; Alex Leugo, Chicago, ID.; 18 Forrest McCaffry, Evansville; Eu18 gene Matrewitz, Maywood, IB.; 18 Ewell O’Bryan, Terre Haute; Wills liam Powers, Chicago, HI.; Fi^k 19 Ruggieri, South Bend; William 20 Shimer, Southport; Fred Smerke, 20 Port Worth, Tex.; Kenneth Sriiock,' 20 Indianapolis; Vincent Snyder, Mas20 sillon, Ohio; Raymond Stoeltin^, In21 dianapolis; Henry Stram, Gary; 21 Bruce Warren, Kalamazoo, Mich.; 21 Joseph Winkler, Hammond.
22 Minors
John Bahner, Cleveland, Ohio; William Burghardt, Wheaton, Hi.; Charles Close, Fort Wayne; Ralph Clymer, Peru; Paul Gutting, Shelby ville; Wallace Hendry, Chicago, 111.; Norman Maloney, Oak Pat&, 111.; Bill Newell, Stafford, Kas-; Herbert Seidell, Indianapolis; Carl Volkman, Hammond; John Wojmec-
howski, Hammond. “B” Team Awards
R. L. Baker, Logansport; J. C.
Bliss, Euclid, Ohio; P. E. Bohn, South Bend; H. W. Eikenberry, Muncie; D. H. Fox, Everett, Ohio; J. M. Kelly, Wolcott; M. ,J. Kocon, Gary; R. K. Mulford, Rockford, ifi.; P. R. Neuhauser, Bluffton; D. M. Newman, South Bend; T. Ruark, Greencastle; R. H. Schultz, Chicago. 111.; W. P. Stuart, Hammond; N. A. Tamm, Memphis, Tenn.; S. R. Thomson, East Chicago; J. G. Vear. Wheaton, 111.; R. V. Willey, Bluff-
ton; H. L. Witz, Shelbyville.
Freshman Numerals
R. L. Agnew, Battle Ground; L. F. Anderson, Brazil; W. G. Barnard, Kalamazoo, Mich.; D.. S. Bassett, Anderson; W. Berry, Seymour; G. M. Biltgen, Chicago, 111.; M. Bo jin-
LEARN THE INSIDE STUFF!
Who’s got it, and who ain’t!
P.
;lUY THE EXPONENT
SEND IT HOME!
■ f 1
This paper, has news that will interest the
whole family! Your little sister would love
1
it! Your Mother and Dad will know what’s
what at Purdue — they really do' enjoy
hearing all about everyone!
V
s " ^
Jh£, fijUA
dufL £xpomnL
Speech 2793 English 2782 Naval Tr. Sta , 2772 I High Team Games Naval Tr. Sta 1022 Hoi'ticulture 1003 Engli.sh 976 Physics 969
High Individual Sets
E. P. Miller 572 IL F. Owen 568 J. F. Curtis 561 Jackson 548
High Individual Games
H. F. Owen 268 Jackson 245 Nash 236 Seal 223
High Team Sets to Date
Agr. Extension 2844 Agr. Chemistry 1 2838 Physics 2822 Agronomy 2 2816
High Team Games to Date
General Engineering 1023 Naval Training Station 1022 Agronomy 2 1021 High Weekly Individual Sets Lewis 619
Lehker 614 off. Fort Wayne; D. E. Delong, InHoefer 607 dianapolis; D. J. Durfee, Wheaton.
HI.; R. M. Gibson, Urbana, III.; E. W. Hall, Gary; T. H. Hard, Chicago, 111.; W. J. HiUs, Lexington. Tenn.; J. W. Hinner, Woodstock, HL; M. L. Hull, Evanston, HI.; E. C. Kertis, South Bend; R. V. Lambert, Henderson, Ky.; N. Laskin, Youngstown, Ohio; J. I. Lippencott, South Bend; C. A. Locke, St. Charles, HI.; W. L. Lodge, Madison; J. R. McMillen. South Bend; P. F. Macherey, Crawfordsville; W. S. Mignin. Wheaton, 111.; K. J. Miller,■ Fort Wayne; R. Mitchell, Lafayette; J. E. Ondrejka, Whiting; R. 0. Perkey, South Bend; R. H. Petrak, Chicago, 111.; E. A. Reser, Lafayette; W. C. Reynolds, Highland; L.' E. Rose, Hobart; R. W. Ros^^i, Highlaiiil Park, 111.; E. S. Silvers, Evanston, 111.; H. M. Soltysinski, Cliicago, III.: \V. J. Starck, Benton Harbor, Mich.; J. H. Templeton, Andersoh; E. L. Tewksbury, Wabash; S. A. Warner, Elkhart; P. G. Wible, Linton; H. A. Willoughby, Dayton, Ohio; J. H.
Wilson, Anderson.
Cross Country Awards Six major letters and two miner letters have been awarded to the members of the Boilermaker cros' country squad which lost but. one dual meet during the past season and placed third in the Big Ten championships, it was announced today following approval by the insignia board of the Purdue Athletic
Council.
The complete list of awards fol-
lows:
Majors J. R. Ashwell, Advance; C. vL Duesler, Albion: F. H, Kinder, Indianapolis; K. L. Lynch, Warsaw; D. C. Roach, Indianapolis; E, D. Seward, Rochester, N. Y. Minors W. J. Harrer, Spencer; H. J. Michael, Milfo'd.I
sr
Piwaue jbxp(i^nen$
^ "f: VW'4' / f;. • ' ‘ '.“” ' ' ' . , , v'"* ■"'* •'.^i '}>:- kl
. V’ .... y . . f - j » ^ ~ ' Tfy ur^dq^ i]j6p0m hei‘'i^€9f!t942
Government Begins Drive For 19,000 Student Nurses
Afpha Phi Ome§a R; |(. ^ait C6m|)bses
Nurses Called Up For Service Leave 3000 Vacancies Monthly Nineteen thousand students nurses must be recruited byJanuary to meet America’s nursing requirements, it was disclosed at the meeting of the National Council for War Service and the government’s Subcommittee on Nursing on November 12. The Nursing council pointed out that a steadily increasing number of student nurses must be ti’ained to replace the 3,00d graduate nurses being called ;;— i——^—j up by the A^y and Navy each Figures compiled by^ the , , Nursing Council for War Serv- |q IntSrViOW SSHIOrS ices show that 55,000 girls
. . . honorary service, fraternity, announces the election of the folio-w-ing officers: Burton Kuck,president; John Thornberry, first vice-presi-dent; Jack Gosswein, second vicepresident; Francis Guppenberger,
' secretaiy; Myron Bender, treasurer;
Oakley Gordon, coordinator, and the
PfirSOmUfil initiation of the following new memA Robert Allen, Allen Weipber-
Companies to visit campus: Cummins Engine Co., Columbus, Ind.—November 30. Interested m December and April ME. Sign in Personnel Office by Satuiday, noon,
November 28.
Ingersoll-Rand Co., N. Y.—December 7 and 8. Interested in December and Apiil engineers.
must be trained as nurses in 1942. and that 65,000 more will be needed in 1943. .Thirty-six thousand young women enteied nuising schools in September, and 19,000 more are needed foi classes beginning in January and February in order to meet the year’s quota. Council officials particularly urge college women graduating at midyeai to enroll in professional nursing schools. Besides the immediate need foi nurses in the armed foices and for guarding the civilian population against epidemics and disease, the Council points out that the post-war reconstiuction offers unlimited possibilities for service at home or abioad for the tiained nurse. College Education Desirable To qualify as a student iiuise, a woman must be between 18 and 36 yeais of age, and be a high school graduate. College education is desirable. Nursing schools charge tuition but usually give free room and boaid to a student during training. Lack of funds need not discourage any qualified woman; federal scholarships are now available to cover the tuition fees in most nursing schools. Although the tiaming peliod vaiies among the country’s 13,000 nuising schools, three yeais is the average. To simplify reciuitment, the Nursing Council for Wai Service has set up a dealing and information bureau in New Yoik. Qualified women who write to Nurses’ Tiaining, Columbus Ciicle, New' Yoik Citj', will be sent a list of the nui sing schools in their vicinities. Eilenberg Talks On Topology Prof Samuel Eilenberg, University of Michigan faculty membei, was at the University as a guest lecturer yesteiday afternoon and evening. His afternoon lecture was intended piimaiily lor specialists in Topology and was entitled “On a Theorem of Hopf.” His evening lecture, “A Theory of Natural Iso11101 phisnis,” was more ot a geneial nijituie. Tau Kappa Epsilon . . . social trateinitj, announces the election of the following officers: pre.=ident, Haiold B Canada; vicepresident, Robeit J Ha]zyk; secietaiy. Albeit C. Chun; treasuiei, Allred G. Spiiggs; historian, Dawson E. Teafoid; chaplain, Chailes R. Dickerson, sei geant-at-aims, Nick Steshko; pledge master, Calvin E. Gibbons; house iiianagei, Paul R. Olson; .stewaid, Donald A. Valo; athletic managei, A. G Chun
Buy War Bonds
Engineeiiiig students to be giaduated December 20 will have an opportunity November 30 and December 1 to learn about Executive Management and Business Training. A representative of the Alexander Hamilton Institute, Mr. R. B. Holmes, will be at the University Presbyterian Church to tell the graduates about the Business Training service of the Institute. For a quarter of a centuiy the Institute has cooperated w'lth the University in bringing to technical graduates a non-resident course in Executive Management and Business Training. In former years the lepresentative of the Institute has spoken before the graduating class, but because of the shortened term this custom has been cancelled this year. The defense industries are looking for technical men who know their business. For appointments see Mr. Holmes at the Westminster Foundation on Monday and Tuesday, November 30 and December 1, between 8 a. m. and 6 p. m.
Intramural
(Continued fioin page 3) each night on each of four courts, thiity-two teams aie accommodated each evening. After being determined by a round-robin system, the eight leading teams will meet in a playoff to decide the championship. “B” Teams, Too Also included in the program is a similar schedule for “B” teams. The teams in this league aie as the name implies, composed of boys w'ho are not quite skilled enough to play in the higher league. In comparing their accomplishments in body building and enjoyment, both leagues are equal in impoitance. Officials Good The officials of these games are mcmbeis of fliV’student body who are interested m that kind of w'oik. It has been said of these boys that they do a j'ob which is worth many more times than then salaries.
Koppers Company, Baltimore, Maryland—Interested in December and April AeioE. Sign m Personnel Office. Consolidated Aircraft Corpoi;ation, Fort Worth, Texas—Interested in December and April CE, ME, AE. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, December 2. Dodge-Chicago Plant, Division of Chrysler Corporation, Chicago, 111. —Interested in engineers. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, December 2. Placement Notes For Women General Motors Corporation, Detroit, Michigan: Interested in senior women chemists (general, qualitative, quantitative, analysis): physics majors; mathematics majors for statistical woik, material analysis, engineering specifications, stress analysis; metallurgists; business administiation graduates with work in accounting; secretaries; inteiviewers and assistants in personnel work; engineeis. Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio: Interested in women for positions in the Army Air Forces at that field. No fields specified, but positions^aie available in almost every type of w'ork for w'hich the Umveisity trains. Maier Signal Corps, General Development Laboratory, D e 11 o 11, Michigan: Interested in Avomen seniors to tram in radio for positions in the laboratory RCA Manufacturing Companj, Inc., Indianapolis, Indiana: Interested in women trained in accounting, statistics, and engineeiing, to be trained for Process Engineering and Time and Motion Study Engineering. All women students-interested in any of these possibilities should call the Placement Service For Women (2965) for furthei information, or to schedule intei views.
Delta Chi
ger, Robert Bullock, Charles Albritton, Howard Aronson, Alven Brooks, John Cartmell, Harris Edmonds, Norman Geuder, Quentin Evans, Meyer Evanson, David Fox, Ted Gamble, Robert Gill, Don Loren, Robert Manfeld, Qilbert Mordoh, Oscar Meyer, William Perrin, Charles Ralihan, George Schmidt, Ross Sehideler, Hariy Smith, Carl Spalding, George Sommer, Jerry Weinberg and Jim Wheatley. Ayres Heads Meeting Tomorrow, Saturday Tomorrow and Saturday the American Mathematical Society is holding its 391st meeting in South Bend with Prof. W. L. Ayres, of the mathematics department of the University, in charge of the meet-
ing.
Re.seaich papers are to be presented at the meeting. The following members of the mathematics department of the University have prepared papers for presentationDr. Maxwell Reade, Di. G S. Young, Dr. Ivan Niven, Prof. H. F. S. Jonah, and Prof. A. H. Smith. Also attending the meeting from the University’s mathematics staff are Dr. Leon Alaoglu, Prof. I. W. Burr, Prof. C. E. Clark, Mr. N. J. Fine, Di. J. H. Giese, Dr. Michael Golomb, Prof. Carl Holtom, Dr. C. D. Olds, Dr A. H. Stone, Prof. M. S. Webster, Di G. W. Whitehead, and Prof. J. W. T. Youngs. Phi Delta Theta . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: William Cassidy, president; Robert Sanders, vice-president; Aithui Paltosalo, steward; Charles Bird, alumni secretary; Joseph Stivers, secretary; George Ljnk, lepoitei; Hariy McGuin, warden; William Bishop, historian; Philip Edwards, chaplain; Edmund Ruch, chorister.
Lafayette College has ’been enriched by a collection of more than 500 volumes fiom the library of the late B F. Fackenthal, Jr., famed in-dustrialist-philanthropist and a member of the class of 1878.
W.LBatt,'07
. . and C R Dooley, ’00, have been selected by Administrator Paul V. McNutt as the engineering management lepiesentatives on the federal committee which will advise the Federal Security Admini-,tratoi and the War Manpower Commission on apprentice training and related on-the-iob tiaining policies Batt IS piesident of SKG Industries and Dooley managei ol the industrial relations, Socony Vacuum Oil Company of New York
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Leonard J Biuecknei, president; Byron L Parsons, vice-presi-dent; John R Rodarmel, secretaiy; James F. Reed, house managei; and Phank P Ruggieii, sheriff
WANTA TINKER? equipment' all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E. W. VanMeter, Pres.
I Oltin IHiils Studio i (Distinctive Portraiture) 3j 203 La's! State j t Plioiie 3413 i * A-■k-k-k-k-tckic-k-A-kir-ir-k-k-k-k-kic-kifk-k-k-k
' A CAUTION TO MEMBERS OF
%
ROTC NROTC
, J ENLISTED RESERVE... Casli IS a dangerous companion It tempts thieves oi it may be lost It is both vise and inexpensne to turn tins cash into AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES 'Ihcii if these Checjues aic misplaced or stolen (bcfoie you ha\e affixed your identification sigmltuie) then value is icfunded to you You spend them as you do cash 'Ihcy lemain good so Jong as you cany ihcm around unspent j You can buy them at Banks and Railv a) Express offices ^^'hey tost 75y' lot each SiOObb t AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES
Shop®"'' ’’I'”'’' oil”"
X
CutnpouutltiJ anU CopytiLiUUU by Coty, Inc. in U. S. A,
By Bill Koch Richard Gast, a member of the Symphonic Band, has recently composed a woodwind quintet in A flat major for flute, oboe, clarinet, bassoon, and French horn. Gast has named the composition “Ein Minzig Weise,” “A Little Tune.’' Gast has used the woodwind medium very effectively and with beautiful color. The introduction is Allegro with a staggered rhythm pattern introduced by the bassoon. The Moderate is a beautiful oboe solo m two-four time against a three - four accompaniment. The technical capabilities and color of the woodwind family are fully demonstrated in the brilliant Finale. “Em Minzig Weise” is Richard Gast’s first opus. His style is original and sound though a tendency for the modern medium is evident. It IS hoped that the composition will be performed at the band’s fiist concert by the members of the University Quintet. Fay Pendergrass . . . Delta Gamma alumna of the University and resident of Lafayette, IS now among the 500 officers to activate the second WAAC training center at Daytona Beach, Fla., which will receive its first leciuits early next month. Thud Officer Fay Louise Pendergrass was assigned to hei present post Nov. 1. Cadet Col. W. Lupke . . . senioi Chemical Engineer, received the United States Field Aitilleiy Association Medal, Tuesday, from Colonel D. M. Beere, P. M. S. and T The Field Artillery Association presents such an award each year to the Field Artilleiy, RO'^'C, student completing his junioi year in inilitaiy with the highest standing in his class. Roscoe Fraser . . . membei- of the Umveisity Hoiticulture staff, was in geneial charge of the Noithein Indiana Muck Crop Show held in Albion last week. Dr. L. Greene, Dr. J. D. Hartman, Prof. F. C. Gaylord, and Prof. N K. Elhs, all members of the Horticulture staff of the Universrty, also attended this show
Wesley ^ Foundation To Hold Hobo P^ty Tomorrow night at 8 p. m. ^ Wesley Foundation will hold its Annual Hobo Convention in the rumpus room of the Foundation Hduse. All the activities of the evepirtg will represent hobo life and will be centered around a huge bonfire. Ever.yone is asked tp wear hobo clothes for the evening and play hobo. There will be a charge of 16 cents, which will finance the re-ii-eshments. Fred Goldsmith . . , Dean of Men, is attending the National Inter-fraternity Conference at the Hotel Commodore in New York City."
NFAO Sophomores: Petitions fog jttrtior jobs due not Inter tliiin DccOhiBcl' 1. Freshman Campers and Others Interested: MectinR wil;h Dr. C. H. Robertson, room 868 of the Purdue Memorial Union, Fridas, Nov. 27, t to 8 p. m., on the Tedfigique of. Study-
ing, Thinking qnd Inventing.
—GRAVES
Alpha Phi Omega; Another intcrcating meeting on Tuesday, Ueoember 1, in room 304 of the Union at 7 .-SO. Gordon Fredine will speak and show colored Aims on Min-
letirig afterwards.
nosota. Business mOetirig
—GOSSWEIN
Notices
Navy V-7: uuuiors and seniors Tvllo are nssemblinj? papers bupportinj; their request foi enlistment m V-7 who are under 21 ycai*s of ago must bubmit three copies of parents consent propeily'notanzed. Copies of this form (Navy 400) may be obtained at my office. * —KNAPt* All Students: There are still some Universrty DiiectorieS li?ft. As long us the supply lasts, any student, wbo has not already obtained a copy, may get one by calling at the Registrars office and presenting his passpoit. - RALPH B. STONE, Registrar .^iivities Bureau Sophomores and Juniots: Petitions for ehetions will be due Fiid«y, Nov. 27, l')12 Important meeting of aU sophomores And juniors Thursday, Novcmbei 19, at 4 p m. in the office. —WOEHLKL Enlisted and Commissioned Reserves: All '-turtents who hold reserve commissions or Ale membcis of the enlisted leserve in the Navy, Coast GuakI, and Marine Coips art lequLsttd to call at my office in the Executive Building at their convcimnt before Novimbei 2b to supply mfoimation needed to complete reemds Those inducted into V-1 and V-7 by speeial boards on November 12-13 and 17-18 need not leiioit. - W A KNAPP Riflcry: All girls have just one moie wttk to make up nfl<iv piacticts. Eaeh gni may shoot only one target a night with makeui s sehedulcd for Monday tbiough Thursday nights from b 30 to 9 10 --WILBUR Phi Lambda Upsilon: Rough initiation Saluidav Nov 2H at 1 10 p in in room 10b of thw Chemistry Building WllEELLR Camera Club* Impoitant meeting Thur-.-day. Dte 3 Election ol offieiis Room 301 At 7 30 p m —TRUEBLOOD Camera Club Exhibit: All jicisons who enteud prints in the fall exhibit may ueeive same bv calling for them it the Wist Desk of the Union Prize winneis will be riotihcd by letter —TRUEBLOOD PIA Publicily Staff: Meeting Piiday, November 27, at 4 p in in offue. New assign<«cnts -GUSTAFSON Tau Kappa Alpha: Luncheon Fiiday, Novcmbei 27, at noon ImpJitanl
-WEISS
Pistol Team Tryouts: The following students are reijucsted to it pent at the Aimory at 4 p m. Friday to tiy out foi the pistol ttam II O Barboiu W T Bu-.ehmann, R. I Eastman D B i^'rwrn, T Fi Grim i T J Hanniim R R Henn, E N Jacobs. E E Filler R E Salvetoi, C H Smalt, W G Simpson, J H Sutherhn, K L Voile, W W WillmAith - brown
All Students: Student tutors are now availhble fbr many subjects. Rato aje 60 cents per hour. Apply at Senate Office, Union from 4 to 6:30 p. m. ‘~-BRBWER Alf Male Students: If you desire to enlist in the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps, you must place your application now and follpw it up at once. No student ndw in school may bo enlisted after Dec. 31, processing of applicants* requires appioximately two WecKS to comploto necessary physical examinations and allied papers. Limited clerical help will make it impossible to enlist applicants who wait until the last minute appjy. All applications should bo made in Rhom B4,
Basement of Purdue Armory.
—GRAUAM
Campus Bowling: Duo'to Thanksgiviiift vacation there will be no All-Campus BoWling tournament this week. The games Will be made up if standings at the end of the week requii e this —NEJLSON Wesley Foundation: Eriday, November 27, at K p. m , the Wesley Foundation will have a Hobo Party in the lumpils roo^* Confie dicbsed as ‘*hoboa”. Refx’cshmenrs will bo fifteen cents. ' ^—BANDSlLIE^ Student usher and police for football games get their money at ticket office in Fieldhouso after 1 p. m. Wednesday. '
—SANDERS^
ERC Applicants: All students who have applied for enlistment in the EBO and haVo not vet been enlist^, report to Ropip in the basement of the Armory before noon Saturday to make arrangements for definite date of enlistment. •—GRAL^Aj^,
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diantonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Typewriters—Adding Macnlnes, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done C. J. Ebershoff, 60S Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Lost—Hamillon man’s wrist watch, yellow gold Lost at I U. pep session. Reward 76252 Lost—■Rhinestone bracelet at Military Ball. Call 8413, loom 280. Boys Wanted: The world needs manpower Arc you wasting piecious hours, it .so, let us pay >ou foi them Apply Purdue Union Cafct( 1 iH
YOUNG LADY for full time, or minimum half time, assistant bookkeeping position. Apply Southworth’s mornings.
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
HITS THE MARK FOR 20 MILLION READERS
mSMMtIOM Drew Pearson MERRY-60-R0UHD Twenty nnilllon people read what Drew Pearson reveals in his column of special report, interpretation and comment upon national and international affairs and the men who mold them. Because those twenty million find in the column alert, exclusive' news-getting, crisp and to-the-point news-writing, disclosures of beneath-the-surface motives and movements—able and unswayed thinking. You'll find The Washington Merry-Go-Round THE PUHDtE EXPDNEIVT
i
Lt