, , ' i ’ ’
/V’'
K
®lic
Read Daily By 6000 Students of PMue tlniverdij^ I L I'J8xaassaaar7iTr"T' —' •'iisssBsssdttmxssimmsxasasmmsaaier^
VQhVMBf jaMtl
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TRURSDAY, MaY 6, 19^7
NUMBER 147
Plan 3 Tours For Mothers’
Day Program
Three inspection tours beginning and terminating in the Memorial Union Building have been arranged to follow registration. These tours are to be under the direction of students and are to start from the east, west, and south doors of the Union. They will follow the general leads of agriculture, engineering, and off campus sights and will include such points of interest as “Hello Walk,” John Purdue’s grave, the Airport, Housing Research Project, and the new Fieldhouse.
Saturday’s Program Saturday’s program will include a style show in the Home Economics auditorium at 10 a. m., luncheon in the Union ballroom at noon, the Festival Day pageant on the oval at 2:30, a reception in the ballroom at 4, and the University sing on the Oval at 6:30. Playshop is presenting “Martine” in Jefferson High School Gym"nasium at 8:30 p. m. and the Student Union is treating mothers to a special Mouthers’ Day mixer in the ballroom at 9. Y. W. C. a. is conducting a service for mothers in Eliza Fowler Hall at 9:30 Sunday morning and a special co-ed concert has been arranged for 3 that afternoon in the same building.
103 Cars To Burn
In Safety Roily
“Killer automobiles”—103 of them —will be burned tonight at the Indianapolis fair grounds to attract the attention of motorists to safety. These cars, which were originally worth $76,000, have been damaged in recent wrecks, although every one of them is able to run under its own
Engineer Sponsors New Cover Design Contest; 5 Prizes
Purdue Engineer, campus monthly technical publication, is sponsoring a contest to select a suitable cover design for next year’s issues. Five students submitting winning designs will receive a free subscription to the magazine. Judging of the designs will be done by the senior staffs. The contest will close May 17, and the winners will be announced that week. Requirements in the contest call for a variable size cover (about 6x6 inches) and a color scheme of only one color and black. ^ The design should be colored, and drawn on 9x12 paper. Each contestant may submit as many designs as he wishes.
Coronation Exhibit
On Display In Home Economics Building
Miss Marian Willoughby, professor in the clothing department of the home economics school, has arranged an interesting group of exhibits featuring the coming Coronation. These exhibits,-which appear in the junior clothing laboratory in the Home Economics Building, include pictures and write-ups. Among the attractive pictures are those of the different members of the English Royal Family. The court robes which are being fashioned for the glorious event on May 12 are pictirred. Explanations of tradition and custom of ritual and ceremony are made. The regulations for court costumes are enumerated and from them may be learned just how many rows of ermine are required for the capes of the ladies of the various ranks. Prominent in these exhibits are discussions of coronation influences on international fashion.
power. The giant bonfire was planned as a result of a week-end of highway accidents in which eight persons were killed and 40 injured in the state. The cars will be piled two deep and soaked with kerosene, to make them hum more freely.
Dr. Rice To Speak To Senior Men At 4
Minneapolis Honeywell Seeks ME and EE C. B. Benton, assistant manager of the Minneapolis Honeywell Regulator Company, will visit the University campus soon to interview and hire several June electrical and mechanical engineering graduates. A description of the company and the engineering work was given by Benton as follows: “All of thesermen upon employment are put in eur Student Training Course, in which they gain experience in the various departments of the company, and are placed, still as students, in the department for which they are found to be best fitted. When their training is completed they are given definite posi tions in the organization.”
Senior men only may attend today’s marital lecture, which will be given at 4 o’clock in the large assembly room on the first floor of the Education Building. Dr. T. B. Rice will speak on “Marriage From The Viewpoint Of A Man Physician.” Dr. Rice is from the Indiana University school of medicine, Indianapolis, and has talked many times' on the campus. This lecture is the fourth in the series of five marital talks. This series of lectures will be concluded on May 13 by Dr. Elizabeth Strauss, who will address senior women on “Marriage From The Viewpoint Of A Woman Physician.
Egg Show Receives Total Of 357 Entries
Approximately 306 entries of eggs and 52 of chicks have been registered so far in the annual University egg and chick show which was opened yesterday in the Poultry Building. Entries must be in today so judging can be completed. The awards consist of cash prizes totaling $150, 36 trophies, and numer ous ribbons. The Show is sponsored by freshmen, sophomore, and junior agricultural students. The show will close at 9 p. m. tomorrow.
Student Alliance
Holds Open Forum
Mrs* A. S. Miller Dies
An open forum on the topic “Shall We Take Sides With Spain” promises to be the highlight of this evening’s meeting of the Purdue Student Alliance, which will be held at 7:30 in the Union ballroom. There will be a short business meeting followed by a brief discussion of the recent peace strike. The main program is to consist of the open discussion on our relation to the war in Spain.
Mendez, Student From Panama, To Speak At Multiproforum Meeting
0. A. Mendez, Universit^ student from Panama, will speak on “Life In Panama” at the regular session of the multiproforum, a feature of the WPA adult education program, tonight at 7:30 in room C of the Memorial Union Building. Another session of this discussion group was held last night at the same time in room B of the Un-
Dr. Gilbreth Will Speak At Mothers’ Day Convo
As a part of the Mothers’ Day activities, the Y. W. C. A. is sponsoring the annual religious Convocation Sunday morning at 9:80 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth will speak on “The Home And The College,” after an organ prelude and selections by the Concert Choir. Meditations and prayers will be lead by Patricia Jones, retiring president of the Y. W. C. A.
Entomologist Accepts Governmental Position
Mrs. Armand S. Miller, wife of Captain A. S. Miller of the University Military Department, passed away at 2:30 yesterday afternoon at the St. Elizabeth Hospital. Her death followed an operation performed last Saturday. Mrs. Miller, a native of Germantown, Pa., has lived here with her hjusband for the past six years. She is survived by her husband and a son, Armand Miller, Jr. Funeral services will be performed at 11 a. m. Friday. Rogers and Smith Funeral Parlor will conduct the services.
Playshop To Give ‘Marline’ In Jeff
Gym Mothers’ Day
115 Festival
Day
Performers
Rehearse Program
“Martine,” the French love story in three acts being produced by Playshop as their special Mother’s Day production, will be presented on the stage of the Jefferson High School Auditorium at 8:30 on both Friday and Saturday nights of this week.
About eight times as many persons are engaged in the work of production from behind the scenes as there are involved in the actual play itself. The play has been translated from French and its setting of rural French scenes are represented as American. Throughout, new three dimensional scenery is being used. Notable especially, is the hill, aged, split-rail fence, and apple tree which appears both with and without apples.
Highlanders, mummers, and folk dancers, 116 strong, gathered in the Memorial Gymnasium at 4 p.m. yesterday to practice and put further polish on the Old English Pageant for the Festival Day Program to be presented on the oval at 2:30 Saturday afternoon. These performers along with Robin Hood’s merry men, Irish colleens, shepherdesses, and heralds, will present their pageantry Saturday in honor of their queen. Aline Marshall, and her court. Mothers of University students will be presented with tokens of recognition in keeping with the customs of old English festivals. Final Rehearsal Final rehearsal for the festival will be held Friday afternoon on the oval. Much is being contributed toward the success of the celebration by several active campus organizations that have banded together to aid W. S. G. A. in its work. Tickets for the pageant are on sale for 26 cents in sorority and fraternity houses, and at the desk in the Memorial Union Building.
Training Course Open To Seniors
John M. Amos ’32, M. S. ’33, specializing in entomology, who recently completed a fellowship with Crop Protection Institute, has gone to to uccejpt ^ ppsjtion in the Federal DecidUQp« ItMtd Laboratory.
T. L. Hoffman, personnel director of the Cincinnati Milling Machine Company, Cincinnati, O., will interview plechanical and industrial en^ gineering seniors tomorrow concerning employment with his company after graduation. The work offered is a thorough training in all the branches of the machine tool industry. A full description of this work is contained in a booklet “The Training School,” which is found in the employment folder in the office of Prof. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical school.
Plan Night Flights For Airport Dance
With night flights as an added attraction, the University Flying and Glider Clubs will present their annual dance tomorrow night from 8:30 until 12:30 o’clock at the University Airport. Bud Bryant’s orchestra will furnish the music for the dancers. Captain L. I. Aretz, airport operations manager, is planning to make flights over the city during the dance. Refreshments will be served diming the evening. Tickets may be purchased at the Union Desk or from members of the clubs.
Thomas Say Society Schedules Picnic May 15
The Thomas Say Entomological Society has scheduled its annual picnic for May 16. The picnic will be held south of Lafayette in a wooded region well-suited for insect collecting, as well as for outdoor sports.. Members of the Entomology Society who have paid their dues will be admitted without charge.., Others will be admitted upon payment of 26 cents for eats. Transporta tion will be furnished.
Elect ‘Abe’ Martin
HeadOfPurdueClub
Lawrence “Abe” Martin has been elected by the Tippecanoe County Purdue Club to succeed former pres ident Dr. Frederick Loop. Mel Taube was elected vice-president; Mary Chandler, secretary; Pay Gaylord, treasurer; C. M- Bivins, Miss Valley Boyer, and Harry Rank, directors. It is planned te hojld at; least two meetings each semester.
Union Presents
Recital Saturday
Gordon and Winifred Graves will present a duo-piano recital in the music room pf the Memorial Union Building at 4:30 next Sunday afternoon. Classical works of Bach, dementi, Saint-Saens, and modern composers A. Arensky and Percy Grainger will be included in the program. Gordon and Winifred Graves come from a family well known for its musical ability as both Dr. and Mrs. Graves have played before several music groups.
W^ehb Gives Lecture On San Francisco-
Oakland Bridge
C. E. Webb, graduate of Michigan State University, division engineer for the American Bridge Company, presented an illustrated lecture on the San Francisco-Oakland Bridge, last night at 7:30 before an audience of nearly 600 students and townpeople in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Opening his lecture with a short discussion of the structural aspects of the bridge, Webb illustrated his discussion with slides showing the main items 'in construction, giving some of the outstanding features of its construction. Started in May, 1933, the bridge, eight and onequarter miles in length costing $78,000,000, was formally dedicated on November 12, 1936. The lecture was sponsored by the A. S. C. E. in a joint meeting with the A. I. E. E. and A. S. M. E-
Covered Wagon Will Visit Campus Tomorrow
A “covered wagon,” gasolinS powered, will arrive here this evening at 7:45 o’clock and park on the University campus. The conveyance, a trailer, will contain four singers, and the trailer together with the singers will be here for the purpose of advtertising the Chichgo Charter Jubilee, a celebration marking the 100th anniversary of the chartering of the city of Chicago, opening next month to continue until October. Tomorrow at 10 o’clock, the party will visit Mayor W. N. Teal and present a plaque on behalf of Mayor Edward Kelly of Chicago. The noonday program consists of a broadcast from WBAA, the broadcast originating in the music room and open to the public.
lUinois Diamondmen
Beat Boilermakers, 7-3
By J. S. Brown
The Illinois baseball nine proved too strong for the Gold and Black aggregation yesterday, defeating them 7-3 in a contest played on the Champaign grounds. Although the Illinois squad collocated only pine hits, they made them count to good advan- i tage, while the Boilermakers could only pick three runs out of seven hits. Martin and Arnold Bredewater
pitched for Purdue, with Poat and Swanson performing on the mound for the mini. Martin started the game, but couldn’t seem to get under way, passing thre men in the first and allowing one hit for two runs. Bredewater replaced him in the second and performed creditably from there on. The game was lost not because of the pitching, but because of errors on the part of the Boilermakers.
3 Runs In Seventh The Gold and Black collected their three runs in the seventh, with Malysiak, Bartz, Breslin, and Mangas pounding out hits. Poat, the starting pitcher was taken out in favor of Swanson, who regained control of the situation. The Boilermakers had a chance to do things in the ninth, when the first two men up got on base, but Poat returned to the game to strike out the next and make the next one pop up to end the game. Summary: Purdue AB H R Baker, rf 3 0 0 Bartz, rf 2 1 1 Mal^ska, cf 3 10 Malysiak, cf 2 11 Breslin, 3b 3 2 1 Mangas, If 4 1 0 Dean, 2b 2 0 0 Lucas, 2b 2 0 0 Krause, c 8 0 0 Botney, lb 2 1 0 Waling, lb 1 0 0 Thompson, ss 3 0 0 Martin, p 0 0 0 Arn. Bredewater, p ... 3 0 0 *Art Bredewater 9 0 0 **Mitchell 1 0 0
Totals
34 7 3
*Batted for Thompson in 9th. **Batted for Arn. Bredewater in 9th Illinois AB H R Henry, cf 3 2 1 Haefler, cf 1 0 0 Reinhart, If 4 0 2 Boudreau, lb 3 2 3 Franklin, 2b 4 10 Hinze, rf 4 10 McConnell, c 4 0 0 Callahan, 3b .-... 4 11 Sisco, ss 4 1 0 Poat, p, rf 4 10 Swanson, p 0 0 0 McDonald, rf 0 0 0
Totals 35 9
Stratton To Entertain WSGA Boards At Supper
Dean Dorothy C. Stratton will entertain old and new members of thfe W. S. G. A. executive board at a buffet supper in her home tonight at 6:30. The W. S. G. A. executive board includes the W. S. G. A. oflScers and committee chairmen, the senior Union executives, the presidents of Mortar Boatd, W. A. A., and Y. W. C. A., the co-ed editors of Exponent and Debris, and the various class representatives. After the supper the group will adjourn to the Union Building where the committee chairmen will read their yearly reports. Guests desiring to do so may meet in the Union lobby at 6 p. m. and go to the Dean’s house.
War Mothers Place
Carnations On Sale
This Saturday
War Mothers in Lafayette as well as the nation over will put their red and white carnations on sale this Saturday, the day before Mothers’ Day. Every year they carry on these sales in order to secure funds for the continuance of their work in administering aid to the 60,272 war veterans still receiving treatment in government hospitals. Their plea to the college student is to “Honor your mother by buying a carnation and helping a holy cause.” Twenty years have passed since the days of the war, but there are still those hundreds doomed to the prison of wheel chairs and beds who crave the loving touch that the War Mothers are able to give them.
Ehinger Solos At University Airport
C. B. Ehinger, junior electrical engineering student from Decatur, 111., recently soloed at the University Airport in the port’s Taylor Cub trainer. He was instructed by Captain L. I. Aretz, airport operations manager. Many visitors have used the facilities of the field in the last few days. A. B. McMullen, in charge of all airports for the Bureau of Air Commerce, and Bob Morris, former University student of Bradford, Pa., are among recent visitors. Prof. G. W. Haskins, of the school of mechanical engineering, in making a tour from Schoen Field, Indianapolis to Marion and South Bend kept the reserve ship he was flying at the local field Tuesday night.
Huge Shell From Vicksburg Battle Guards Armory
By C. L. Sadler
Student Union WUl Entertain Faculty
Faculty members of the biology, mathematics, history, and economics departments will be entertained at a reception to be given by the Student Union in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 this evening. The Union invites all memhers of these departments to attend.
Phi Lambda Upsilon
Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemical honorary fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: president, J. C. Sanders; vice-presi-dent, R. K. Toner; secretary, J. W. Fredericks; treasurer, C. A, Reichelderfer.
Maintaining a watchful vigilance over the unceasing activities of the Armory, a giant mortar shell stands an untiring guard duty at the door leading to the drill floor. Similar to many thousands of other shells to be seen on any court house lawn, the pellet would attract no more than passing notice if it were not for the inscription on the pedestal, “Mortar Shell Fired Into Vicksburg During The Siege of 1863, Weight 640 lbs.” Less militant than its fellows, the missile failed completely in its death-dealing duty and as a result was dug from its resting place in the battered remnants of the fallen city, an ignominious “dud.” More pacifistic trends of thought eventually assumed command, however, as the Civil ^7ar passed into history and the previous reprobate began to assume a new importance to be climaxed by its coronation in its present place of honor. Despite its superior position qdf prominence, the shell is not alone in its glory, for it is but a single item in the Daniel White Collecth>n of Weapons, which now adorns the walls of the Officers’ roou\ in Armory. Amassed by Daniel White, a civil war veteran and enthnsiastic collector of rare firearms, the display contains an amazing variety at guns, knives, pistols and other implements of war, which experts have declared are of considerable value.
Phi Pi Phi
Phi Pi Phi social .fraternity announces the initiation of G. E. Posson of Chicago. IH.. W. R. Oilley of Port Clinton, O., R. B. Heim of Lyons, and F. Smithson of Chicago, HI.
Qoudy And Watmer
SRHNHlNKii
W'
it
* 1
a i
a
■tHdiillllii*
iWiniiailiiiiaii/
P "-v :
Tw»
THE FURDTIB EXPONEITr
^urbue exponent
r*titf^0c.r« gb»»datnt goiloUrte Sett
MFiwsKNTva tron natiomai. ADVCiinams »r National Advertising Service, InC. CoUtf# PmbUslutrt R»pr0semtiafve 420 Madison AV*. New York. N. Y. Chicago • boston • San Francisco LOS ANOSLSS • PORTLAND - SEATTLS
Bnteved m second class matter at the post office, Lafay^, Indian^ Delivered ^ —$8X0 per year!; delivered by c^er, ;2.B0 p er yegri ggld^a Bingle cwy;L2£S^
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Bnsiness Phone 6038
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6037
EDITOKIAL BOABO OF CONTROL R. J. Hnlse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
Managing Editor. Associate Editors
EDITORIAL STAFF *
B. H. Morris Ik. ArBarnetteTj. ^ Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manicm, C. L S^ler
Sophomore As8tetant8... -..l W. M. Anttow, D. A. BaUw, J. ^ Chapin, J, R.ClMk
L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance
Bold and Black Editor
E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil
J. C. Ohaver
BUSINESS STAFF „ , tt ,
Bnsiness Manager * — t” ti ' National Advertising Manager — ^ Louil Advertising Manager —S* Advertising Assistants.— W. J. Gilhlan, R. R. Hensler, ^ C.
Circulation Manager.
Circulation Assistants-
...J. P. Girard
..F. C. Robbins, F. T. Swain
Editor. Associate Editors..
SPORTS STAFF L. D. Wood g. g Griffiths. R. F. Obenchain
Editor Associate Elditors— Advertising Manager..
WOMEN’S STAFF
..Helen Creech
’.''."."'jeanne’janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke
Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—R. H. Dyer.
Scholarship Advisor Each semester when the scholastic ratings are released a number of fraternities with low averages wonder what they can do to improve their low scholarship rating. The answer to this question may be found in an article entitled “Quiet Hours,” which appears in the April issue of Santa’s Greek Exchange. The plan consists of having an alumnus preferably a graduate student, of the fraternity live in the house and act as scholarship chairman. One of his main duties would be to see that all members of the fraternity were in their rooms at a certain time of the evening and that all bull sessions and card games were broken up. Naturally an alumnus could handle such a problem more easily than an undergraduate student, as he would be older and naturally command more reSpGCt* This is not the only duty of the scholarship chairman, however. He would be expected to keep in constant contact with faculty members so he could find what weaknesses certain members of the house had and he would seek to correct these faults. This could be done by making the weak members spend considerably more time in studying and also by finding other students in the house who could tutor the weaker members. The freshmen and sophomores, of course, would require the most attention as most students have learned how to study by the time they reach their junior year. The success of the plan naturally depends on the amount of cooperation that the chapter gives the scholarship advisor. If the chapter is sincere in its effort to raise its scholarship standing, however, the scholarship advisor plan does have many good qualities which recommend its use.—C. D. S.
LAWN MOWERS Sharpened NEW and USED MOWERS Free Delivery F. JOS. MULH AUPT & SON Phone 2828 209-11 N. 5th St.
The thinking fellow enUo A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Special Occaaiona 26e per pasaenger any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
^emuM WHITE
BISON
STVLE SPEOFIED With rough-weave suitings. Genuine Imported Bison gives this ploin-toe bol oxford its typicolly English, smart ruggedness. Fortune brings you this popular leather for the first time In summer shoes ot this price. Built to Fortune's 5 rigid style and Quality specifications. Exclusive Agent for BOSTONIAN $7.00 FRIENDLY $5.00 FORTUNE $4.00 B. ft W. SHOE CO. East Side Sqiuare
CROWN YOUR EUROPEAN TRIP WITH A HOLIDAY IN GERMANY
P OLLOW the' lure of the rpr mantic Rhine. Stroll along the Doulevards of Berlin. Browse in the galleries of Munich or Dresden. Dream in the historic grandeur of medieval picture towns. Take a cure in Germany's fashionable spas. TAi's year is Festival Year in Germany with a magnificent program of music, opera, theatre and picturesque folk festivals. Among them are the Wagner Festivals at Bayreuth; the Berlin Art Weeks; the Great German Art Exposition and the Wagner-Mozart-Strauss Festivals at Munich; the Exposition "Nation at Work" at Duesseldorf; the Heidelberg Dramatic Festivals. For your personal comfort: modern transportation and homelike accommodations at honest prices. Railroad fares reduced 60%. Travel Marks available far below regular Reichsmark quotations. Consult your travel agent or write for information and interesting booklet “C". GERMAN RAILROADS INFORMATION OFFICE 665 Fifth Avenue, New York
ADVERTISERS PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT
MOTHERS’ DAY is almost upon us . . . the cigarette business will suifer a distinct decline and the BLAZER is preparing for depression ... DOC TRIMBLE’S definition of that little thing that makes the world GO ’ROUND . . . LOVE is just an idea on the fellow’s part that he wants to pay some gal’s hoard bill... that’s about right when you come right down to it. .. RUMOR has it that the D U’s and the Phi Psi’s are planning some sort of a shindig . . . Rumor also says that there’ll be a bottle or (s) for each and every man attending . . . it’s to be a strictly stag affair . . . dinner will be an added attraction. BELIEVE IT OR NOT . . . Theta JANIE GEORGE says she would rather take d Sigma Nu pin than entertain Cary Hall . . . she threatened all week to adorn herself with said object . . . However, I guess the incentive wasn’t quite enough .. Speaking of Sigma Nu pins and BOB WILLIAMSON, he and Belt, JIM MURPHY have a bet on as to
which one of them trill put out hie pin first... WANTED—One date that won't stand me up. I'm getting damn sick of it... Signed, KARL MUELLER. Pd. Advertisement. After CHUCK COE put out his pin, there was great controversy among the brothers as to whether she was worth $25 ... That’s all for today from MAC . . so long . . . Don’t forget the KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF THE DOG HOUSE . . and the MARS PASSES . . . Pill out the form and send it in . . .
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Sigma Delta Psi Tryouts Continue Tryouts for Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic honorary, which have run every Thursday for the last several weeks, will continue this afternoon at 4 in Ross-Ade Stadium. Team or individual records for national championships must be established before May 15, and varsity or interfratemity records made between May 1 and May 15 will be accepted. Events scheduled for this afternoon are the mile run, 100 yard dash, 120 yard low hurdles, high jump, broad jump, shot put, baseball throw, javelin throw, and football punt.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“—And a man in your position can’t afford to be without some traveler’s insurance.”
ARE YOU GE’TTING AN EXPONENT!
^SVDDfN ^RVICE
P
RINTING
Offict SMioMry . . Vtddlng InvlMlont
PHONE - falMBool<t,Ete..., 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408iFEf(Ri
ARC TODAY — FRIDAY — SATURDAY
Buck Jones in ‘Cowboy and the Kid” —and— William Gargan and Margaret Churchill in “Alibi for Murder” —^also— " Crash Corrigan in “Undersea Kingdom”
'tilth Edward Everett Horton Eric Blore • Jorome^ Oowan • KottI Galllan William Brisbane and ’'Harriet Hoctor
It Starts Midnite Prevue Saturday
NEW MAIN
MaKI
NOW SHOWING TWO FEATURES
fiET THE INSIDE STORY ABOUT THAT CERTAIN
BEAUTY'S
—and-
MAN AGAINST SEA MONSTERS! REALISTIC THRILLS BEYOND BELIEF! The last word in undersea action! Battling the sea’s deadliest killers!
I L.ALPlPcniu
yi^
me
f^ACl
II wife
CASlWtU
JH
AUTHENTIC! REALISTIC! Filmed for the first time by the motion picture camera!
LUMA
DOUBLE FEATURE
—STARTING TODAY—
RED'-'HEADS ALWAYS-. / GET THEIR MAN!
Man on Ih* run from women on the make . . . for a husband I
Ida L u pin 0 Waiter Connolly Ralpii Bellamy , Reginald Denny ' Raymond Walburn k Directed by Alfred E Green A Columbfa Picture
THEY''MAKE THE WORLD A BETTER PLAGETOLOVEIN! ouvu DEHAVILLAND She'll never Ml in love again . . . (well, hardly everl) IAN HUNTER A good husband is always easy lo gel... (n Ireublel ANITA LOUISE < The gill who lived next door—"love Thy Nelghborl* .. ROLAND YOUNQ A dashing odvenhirer in search of a wife... onybody'sl AUCE BRADY A problem child.. whose problem Is find a man) .
VIRGINIA BRUCE IN A UNIVERSAL PICTURE with KENT TAVLOR WALTER BRENNAN JEAN ROGERS STARTS TODAY HiAl^
—PLU»Buster Keaton in “THE CHEMISr’ George Hall and Orchestra:S
Netmen Beat Butler, 4-2 Purdue’s tennis squad upheld the Gold and Black colors here yesterday afternoon by defeating the Butler racketeers four games to two. Gardner of Purdue helped the cause the most by winning both his singles and doubles matches. The set scores of singles events
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St West Lafayette
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding and New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes and ^ller Skates for Rent Phone 2291 State & Main Sts.. W. L.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
STARTING TODAY 2 First-Run Hits
THE INDIAN SIGN S ON HOPALONG CASSIDY!
"HIllfOFOlD WYOMINO WILLIAM BOYD ' with Georgs Hoyes • Stephen Morris Russdl Hoyden • Gail Sheridan —PLUS—
fiLl^ AS '^AllAtlCrB* Shode (B) d^eated WakeGeld (F) 8-6> 6-2. Hooker (B) defeated Traylor (P) 6-4, 6-4. Gardner (P) defeated Wagener (B) 9-11, 6-3, 6-4. Mann (P) defeated Cossell (B) 6-2, 6-8. Doubles In the doubles matches Purdue made a clean sweep, with Wakefield and Gardner defeating Shode and Wagner, 6-4, 6-1; and Jackson and Brodsky taking Hooker and Cossell, 6-1, 6-4.
STUDENTS THE FACULTY and Purdue Employers can procure coupons to play golf at the public golf course at special rates at the intramural office and the Purdue Memorial Union. 9 Holes—25c 18 Holes—40c These special rates are to Purdue coupon holders only. Cash price at the course is 40c and 60c. The course is in splendid playing condition. / Special attention is directed to our new Flood Lighted Night Driving and Practice Range. Day as well as night service is available. Golf Lessons Extra Special We offer 100 dozen liquid center golf balls in the 75c quality at the driving range for 25c
Results Of Greek Track Meet Not Yet Summarized Final events in the annual interfraternity track and field meet were run off in Ross-Ade Stadium last night. Because of the length of the meet, M. L. “Chief” Clevett and his aids will be unable to figure the final standings until late today. The hardest fought event of the afternoon was the high jump, which ended in a tie for first place between Witt of Sigma Phi Epsilon and Dodd of Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Seward of Phi Kappa Psi took second place. Two Mile Run Close The two-mile run was also closely contested, with Gaulke of Alpha Chi Rho finally breaking the tape after a fast finish in 12:7. Walkey of Phi Kappa Psi finished a close second. Because of the number taking part in the 220 yard dash and 220 yard low hurdles the events had to be run in sections, the winner being decided by time. Shackleton of Beta Theta Pi turned in the best time in the dash to take first place. Seale of Kappa Sigma and Clark of Sigma Nu came-in-second and third respectively. In the hurdles Lyles of Pi Kappa Phi placed first, Gaulke of Alpha Chi Rho was second, and Fisher of Phi Kappa Psi was third. Kappa Sigs Win Relay The Kappa Sig’s relay team took the 220 relays with a time of 48.8. Phi Kappa Psi was second, and Alpha Chi Rho took third. In the field events Zachary of Sigma Pi won the broad jump with a leap of 19 feet, 5 inches. Purdy
On Her Day Flowers can be the only true expression of your sentiment. • A beautiful bouquet • A distinctinve corsage • A lasting blooming plant Wear a carnation in her honor. ROTH FLORAL, Inc. Member of Florists Telegraph Delivery Association 635 Main St. Luna Theatre Bldg. Dial 7955-8050 Greenhouses Across from Airport
DOWNSTAIRS AT LOEB’S NEW WHITE FOOTWEAR
HI-STEPS STRAPS SANDALS SPORT OXFORDS
LOEB & HENE CO,
Thiulies Whip DePauw, By 102-29 Score Boilermaker trackmen gave the DePauw thinlies a royal trouncing yesterday afternoon at Greencastle, turning in the lopsided score of 10229. The trq^k was covered with about two inches of water a short while before the meet was to be run off and had to be drained before the events could be run as scheduled.
BASEBALL
TODAY—4:15 Diamond V—Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 2— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 3— Triangle vs. Theta Chi. 4— Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 6—Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Theta Pi 6— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Chi. 7— Delta Upsilon vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 8— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 9— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa. 10—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi.
of Sigma Alpha Epsilon was second and Stevenson of Alpha Tau Omega placed third. The javelin throw was won by Fanning of Delta Upsilon with Luce of Pi Kappa Alpha second and Lawrie of Sigma Alpha Epsilon, third.
STANDINGS —Natioiuil Lcagne— Won Lost Pittsburgh 9 2 St. Louis 8 4 New York 7 5 Boston 7 7 Chicago 6 6 Philadelphia 6 7 Brooklyn 4 9 Cincinnati 2 9 Yesterday’s Results St. Louis, 13; Boston, 1. Pittsburgh, 5; Brooklyn, 1. Cincinnati, 8; New York, 5. Chicago, 17; Philadelphia, 4. —American League— Won Lost New York 8 4 Detroit 7 4 Boston 5 3 Philadelphia 5 4 Cleveland 4 5 Washington 4 7 St. Louis 3 6 Chicago 3 7 / Yesterday’s Results Philadelphia, 7; Chicago, 6. New York, 7; Detroit, 3. Other games rained out.
Pet. .818 .666 .583 .500 .600 .461 .308 .182
Pet, .666 .636 .625 .555 .444 .363 .333 .300
fraternity tennis singles ' "I'***' '■ TODAY—4:15 Kappa Delta Rho vs. Triangle. Sigma Chi vs, Tau Epsilon Phi, Delta Upsilon vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Theta Xi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho.
FRATERNITY TENNIS DOUBLES
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
TODAY—4:15 Phi Delta Theta vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Tau Delta. Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Kappa Delta Rho,
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST 119V4 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Closing Out Yz Price De Voe Art Colors J. SPERB HDW. 822-24 MMa
havender or Lipstick
Whether Mother is Quaint and old fashioned or gay and modern, you will be able to find a gift for her at Loeb’s that will be aptly received as well as a gift that will express your affection.
Hand Embroidered Italian Linen Bridge S^s ✓ Hemstitched All Linen Damask Table Sets Lovely Rayon Bed Spreads Munsing Rayon Undies, Panties, Vests, etc. Kickernick Rayon Bloomers 35 piece Colored Glass puncheon Sets 17 piece Imported Pottery Kitchen Sets Orange and Tomato Juice Sets Frosted Glass Ice Tea and Beverage Sets 32 piece Attractively Decorated Break-' fast Sets
Imported French Perfumes by Dram or Gift Bottles Fancy Packed Boxes of Dusting Powder Lovely New Summer Gloves Quaker Craft Lace Table Cloths Novel Linen Breakfast Sets with Napkins Embroidered Madeira Pillow Cases Splendid Selection of Lace and Linen Scarfs Beautiful Designed Boudoir Lamps French Crepe and Lustrous Satin Gowns Lovely Rayon Gowns and Pajamas Purses in silks, leathers, and novelties Umbrellas, in oilsilks, silk and gloria
LOEB & HENE COi
For over 65 years on the square
"Si,;
‘
ClMtifSed Adt.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHtNES, bought, sold, rented end repaired. Suppliee for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Lost—Small hammered silver vanity with Purdue seal, on or near Intramural Field. Reward. Phone 75523.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Gold Peppers—Dintier for junior and_ senior Gold Peppers is postponed indefinitely. —SCUDDER.
postponed until Mmy 16.
-PITTMAN.
Gn«rineerinr Saniera—Mr. R. L. Pennon of the Central IIHnoti Odd Company, it considering the employment of several sen' ior cadet engineers. If you wish to be con' sidered sign up in the office of the head of the school concerned. —WALTERS.
M. E. And I. B. Seniors—^Mr. 'r. L. Hoffman of the Cincinnati Milling Machine Company will interview mechanical and industrial engineers May 7. If interested sign up in Professor Young’s office., —WALTER^.
Mechanical Engineers—Anyone interested in employment with the Illinois Tool Works of Ch'cajro in applied mechanics work, report to Professor Young’s office. —WALTERS
Independent Students—Petitions for the board positions in the Purdue Independent Association for 1937-38 must be turned in by May 7. The offices open are the following chairmanships: political, men’s social, men’s activities, women’s social, women’s activities, and campaign. Please state time available, position de^ sired, experience, and references. —HERSH.
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation will be
P. E. W. Horseback Riding—From now on the names of girls in horseback riding classes will not be published every day. Each
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
“Ziove Sends a Little Giff’ . . . and of course it’s flowers. For Mother’s Day you can do no better than a beautiful bouquet from
Clark Floral Shop We Telegraph Flowers Anywhere 527 MAIN PHONE 5432
oiruny
Sail STCA* to Europe this summer. Travel with an inter* esting and congenial group ol college students. For Years Holljand-America Line Steamers have been the first choice of those who enfoy good times, pleasant aooommodations,
and a delicious cuisine. To England, Franca and Holland
•TATINDAM . . Jum 4 STATBNOAM TiWm 9w%9
ViaWPAM . VOlOfDAM . TOURIST CLASS ROUND TRIP
la Jnna 26
w
*22400
andnp
VEEWPAM JolT 10 STATENDAM (aito Jansaj Toly 80 THIRD CLASS || C4.50
Ijlli
ROUND TRIP
• and^
PSTCA naans aiihar Stadapt Tourist Class or Stodao* Third Class Association) For MI dofalla 90m STCA DEPARTMENT HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE 318 North Michigan'Are., Chicago, 111.
girl will report at her scheduled time or notify the maid dftiee before noon. —HAZELTON.
Condition Exam in Chemistry—^Examinations for removal of conditions in either
will 1^ held In the
tuilding May 8 from 1 to 4 p. nk.
—NEWTONj
Chemistry ll7 or 116
Chemistry Buili
English 121 Students—Sections A and B meet in room 201 of the Education Bitilding, 8 a. m. for Wednesday and Friday classes. —SCHICK. Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting May 7 at 7:15 p. m. The place will be announced later. All members are urged to attend. —CLEVENGER.
Glider Club—Plight schedules are posted in the garage. —MOORE.
W. A. A. Tennis—^This game must be played by May G: Conklin and Rose vs. Smith and Halstead. —JENKINS.
Purdue Student Alliance—^Meeting May 6 at 7:30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. The peace strike will be discussed followed by an open forum on the subject "Shall We Take Sides In Spain?’’ All members are urged to be present. —BUCKLES.
Camera Club—Exhibition entry date has been moved up to May 7. —CLAYPOLE.
Sigma Delta Chi—Meeting at 7 :30 p. m. May 6 in the Engineer office. —HARDIN.
Mechanicals—All mechanicals wishing to submit papers for A. S. M. E. student paper meeting. May 12, please call R. K. Weldy at 45891. —WELDY.
Surveying 6—All students who have “C” grades requiring an exam for removal should schedule the regular final exam June 2, 1-4. Get your permit slips before May 16. —TODD.
Skull and Crescent—Pledges get recognition ribbons from Delta Upsilon house. —CABONARGI.
Playshop Stage Crew—^Will members of stage crew be at sub-basement of the Memorial Union Building at 8 a. m. May 6 if at all possible. Excuses will be provided. Very important. —BRENMAN. Skull and Crescent—Meeting for members May 6 at 7:46 in the Union. Last meeting Bring money for keys. Important. Be there. —FENSTERMAKER. W. A. A. Mixed Swim—May 7 in the Memorial Gymnasium from 7:30 to 9 p. m. —SCHWEHN.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet Meeting — Meet May 6 at 4 p. m. —BRYANT.
Union Workers—Our committees report at the Union workshop at 4 p. m. May 6th. —SHEETZ, CLAYPOLE.
Union Committees—My committee report in the Union office at 4 p. m. May 6. ' —STALLINGS.
Camera Club—Meeting in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. May 6. Exhibition print date has been extended to May 9 as prints will be judged by prominent Indiana photographers on May 11. —CLAYPOLE.
W. S. G. A. Old And New Executive Boards—Meeting at Dean Stratton’s home May 6 at S :39 p. m. —STEWART.
Union Committee—My committee meet in Union office at 4 p. m. May 6. —BIETH.
Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting May 7 at 7 :16 p. m. in room A of the Union. Nomination of new officers will be announced. All who expect to be nominated must be present. —FUTOOHEE.
Mortar Board—^Meet for lunch in the grill
§diRAFifil5 Chocolates ' The Nation’s Leading Candies. Fot Mothers . . . the world over Mothers Day—May 9th The outstandingly fine quality of Schrafft’s Chocolates ... the delightful variety in every Schrafft Package .. 3 make these tasteful candies the most enjoyable of Mother’s Day gifts. In beautiful Packages — 60^ to $1.50 a pound. Come tn and make your selections while our stock is complete MAILED FREE (Over 156 miles, m’ailing cost proportional to distance.) Cards, for Mother’s Day For a distinctive, thoughtful remembrance—one that will remain in her mind - - - we suggest a Mother’s ^ Day Card. Mail a card with chocolates. It is sure to find ^ a spot in her heart. SOUTHWORTH’S In The Village
room at 12 a. m. May 6. Important. —ADKINS.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council—Meet at 6 p. m. May 6 at Delta Chi house. —KETTLE. Wesley Foundation—There will be a motor trip to Battle Ground May 7 at 6 p. m. Baseball, weiner roast. 15c per person, 26c a couple. —McFADDEN.
Playshop Lights Crew—Report for work at the Jefferson auditorium at 1 p. m. on May 6. —LEAMING.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Let’s Go to the MANHATTAN SANDWICH SHOP just the place for a bite after the show. 510 MAIN ST.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Perry St.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RUK DR. HAROLD 3. BISK DR. ROBRRT 6. BISK DB. LUTHBR A. BISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phoa^5701
metx
LITTLE FENDRICH
DEWENTER’S SAY: See the New PALM BEACH At Our Store DEWENTER’S 416 MAIN ST. LAFAYETTE
cool ih that Palm Bead as I am in this bathing, .Suit
PalmBc^ach IS'SScool as no clothes at sill
AND DON’T FORGET TO VOTE MY WAY!!
Lucky Candidate to have LITTLE FENDRICH f^mpaigning for him and it’s a cinch that after he’s die new class president they’ll still cast their votes anytime for LITTLJB FENDRICH PANETELASn The favorite cigar among young men for years...
Little
THERE'S NO LAW AGAINST PALM BEACH COMFORT
They’d arrest you if you looked os cool as you feel in Palm Beach. Not that the clever new Palm Beach Whites or the new extra-light, sun-repel-lent Solar Weave don’t look cool. But the smart Goodoll tailoring and the fit and set of o Palm Beach suit would suggest a much heavier and mote expensive fabric than Palm Beach really is. And—-If you are a bit sedate—consider this year’s new, rich, darker-tone mixtures which look like costly imported worsteds. Don’t wait for red hot weather—get yours now. Wear them early, wear them late. They can take it.
*16".^
GOODALL COMPANY • CINCINNATI