x/pxme4iZ
Sports $€iv«fi ChoMtir For Iffini Rsce Satnnlaf'^
Volume 53« No. 22
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday# October 2# 1041
Let’s Give The Boys A Big Scndolf Tonight! , ~ ^ Gala Pep Rally Will Form At Union r J T A LI Gladys Swarthout Sings Co6ds To AsS6inbi€
At Opening Convocation Tomorrow Night At 7:30
Diversified Program Planned; Doors Will Open At 6:45; Passports Required Presenting the initial program in the 1941-42 University ^jonvocation series, Gladys Swarthout, nationally popular soprano of the Metropolitan Opera Company, will sing tomorrow
evening at 7:30 in the Music Half.
Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the University committee on convocations has announced that the doors will be opened at 6:46 p. m. in order that the audi-
ence may be seated before the opening of the program, which will take place one-half hour earlier than in
previous years.
Program Of Favorites Miss Swarthout, who has become well-known throughout the country for her unusual ability and distinctive recitals, has arranged a program of vocal numbers which have proved to be favorites with musiclovers in all parts of the nation. The first section of the program will be composed of “Spring,” by Handel; “Come Again, Sweet Love,” by Dowland; “Dido’s Lament” from “Dido and Aeneas,” by Purcell, and “Hist, Hist” by Arnold. Miss Swarthout will render, as the second portion of her recital.
PI A To Feature Music Of Bogue At First Mixer Verle Bogue will present his “Music in Vogue” at the first PIA dance of the year tomorrow night in the Union from 9:30 to 12:30. The time has been set one-half hour later than usual to enable students to go to both the convocation and
the dance.
Girl Vocalist Featured Margie Burling, a fourtcen-year-old singer, is featured by the band.
By Lee RufFner, Exponent Managing Editor Something new in pep sessions will be innovated tonight starting at 6:46, as a prelude to the team’s leaving for the Pittsburgh game Saturday, Assembling in front of the Union "With the band, yell-squad and Mascot, the student body will participate in the usual parade across the levee to the Big 4
station at about 7.
Something new has been added, however, for jnsiead of the students seeing the team through the double windows of a pullman, the boys will go along jyith ,
the crowd in the parade. Escorted by Gold Pepper members, the team will leave the Union at 6:50 and enter cars to join in the 4 m.p.h. race
to the station.
Co-Captains Lead Parade Co-Captains Jim Miller and Tom Melton will lead the parade in the mascot, and will be followed by the rest of the team in the cars.
First Movie Convo Scheduled For Next Week In Music Hall
Tomorro>v To Hear
First program in the newly inaugurated weekly series of movie convos, “Screen Review,” will be given next Thursday afternoon, October 9, from 3 to 6 in the Music Hall. This announcement was made yesterday by J. W. Dittamore, manager of the Music Hall, who stated that only short, selected subjects of educational va^ue would be pre-
University Muiscal Organizations rented.
This series of movie convos is really an educational experiment, for nothing similar to it has ever J)een offered to University students. he movies are free to the student body only, and passports are abso-
Final Concert Climaxes Fall
/
Music Meeting
" ^>^-\be
liana
These changes were brought , , ,
. . . • 1 i. • Vi u acted as hosts last night at the conabout after a meeting last night by ... the heads of campus activities for program given at 7:30 in Elii the purpose of putting more ‘pep’ in Fowler Hall as a climax to the the pep sessions. nual fall convention of-the Indiana Station WBAA will broadcast the Federated Music Clubs. Albert P' _
session starting at 6:46 and going Stewart, director of the University lutely neVessaryToT "admittance
through 7, with speeches by mem- choral organizations, presided at bers of the team and Bill Farber, the concert, which featured selecpresident of Cary Club. tions by various musical groups. State Street Roped Off representing several counties
State street, in front of the Union, through the state,
will be roped off under the super- Renditions Presented
At the start of the evening’s program, a selection of celeste renditions was presented by Mrg. Robert W. Burger. Dr. W. R. Graham then delivered the invocation, and
vision of Skull and Crescent for the use of students with cars and everyone who can beg borrow or ...
one is urged to be there.
Planned to be rather short, the
the well-known aria “Connais-Tu Although she is still attending }e Pays?” from “Mignon” by junior high school, Margie has Thomas. Opening the third part of guest-starred with many name the program will be “Three Songs bands, including Dick Jurgens, of the Auvergne” arranged by Eddy Duchin, Shep Fields and Bill
Cantelpube: “Passo pel Prat” Carlsen.
(Come by the Fields); “Malarous • Having just completed a summer Quo Uno Fenno” (Unhappy He Who tour, the band is currently appearHas A Wife) and “Brezarola” ing at the Inglaterra Ballroom in
program will consist of a few yells the University orchestra, under the and songs with the band. The train direction of Joseph M. Ragains, ofleaves at 7:30 and a big send-off fered “First Suite” from “Carmen” by the student body would go far by Bizet and the overture
toward the dispelling of ugly “Magic Flute” by Mozart, rumors about the lack of spirit that Highlighting
persistently float around. University glee club.
Peoria, Illinois. Verle Bogue got his start in the music business in a theater in-Fort Wayne, where he was known as the “singing doorman.” b.w.s. John Alden Meeting Explains Forensic Work To Freshmen Many of this year’s freshmen were mystified when they received a postcard requesting their attendance at the John Alden meeting in the faculty lounge in the Union. Tonight the mystery was solved by Mack White, one of last; year’s dc-
batei s.
Meeting Explained
Acting as master of ceremonies. White explained that the John Al-
, . , den meeting was proposed to acthat success in any career can be ■ v vv v -vv vv f
, quaint the freshmen with the for-
achieved only through hard work . . . . , _ , ^ „ .. i. ensic activities on the campus. Jeanand perserverance. Miss Swarthout ■ jpiiu civ I ’ ^ , , , ette Morehouse, senior manager of
nevertheless contends that luck has
(Lullaby). This will be followed by “El Majo Discrete,” by Granados and “Romance de Solita,” by Pitta-
luga.
Following an intermission, Miss Swarthout will present" “The Convent,” by Borodin and the “March of Three Oxanges” by Prokofieff.
American Songs Included
The final portion of the program will consist of a group of songs by Amei'ican composers. The six selected are “Command” by Charles Kingsford, “Velvet Shoes” by Randall Thompson, “The Ragpicker” by John Sacco, ‘(‘Into the Night” by Clara Edwards, “The Pasture” by Charles Naginski and “Mii-anda” by Richard Hageman. “Command” and “The Ragpicker” were written by their respective composers especial-
ly for Miss Swarthout.
Hard Work And Perserverance An example of the philosophy
Details of the program will be taken care of by members of Gimlet
and Reamer clubs.
Frosh Coeds Choose AWS Representatives For Executive Board
Program For October 9 ^
The program for October 9 includes: “News of the Day”; “Men of F. B. I.,” a “March of Time” feature; “Fly Fishing”; “Aeronautics”; and a band short with Henry Busse and his orchesti-a. On future -Thursdays other intei-esting subjects including the “Crime Doesn’t Pay” series and various travelogues
will be .shown.
It is the aim of the University committee on lectures and convoca-
from bring to the students each
Thursday the latest news of the
, week, a review of past events
through the “March of Time” and a short featuring one of the coun-
try’s leading bands.
Programs Run Continuously The programs which will contain five or six short subjects will be an
Rush Week Plans Sororities Will Begin Annual Coed Rush At Saturday Teas Coed xush for this semester will get underway with a meeting of all rushees tomorrow at 4 p.m. in the women’s lounge of the Union. At this meeting the rushing'plan will be explained and the program for the coming week will be given. Following the meeting, from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m., all coeds desiring to go through rush will register in the Panhellenic office in the Union. The two-dollar fee must be paid at this time. : An additional fee of fifty cents will
Pidgeon, Warren, Willingham Elected Presidents At WRH
be charged for late registration. Actual Rush Starts Saturday
under the direction of A1 Stewart, singing “Finlandia” by Sibelius and “Pilgrim’s Song” by Tschaikowsky. Local musical organizations reprepented at the conceit were: the La-
Actual rushing will not start Until Saturday when informal teas will be held from 2 until 5 p. m. in ttie houses of the eight sororities. Similar teas will be held on Stpiday. The rushees will be divided alphabetically, each group going
Betty Willingham, Virginia Wax-- four specified houses on Saturday ren and Mary Pidgeon will preside and to the remaining four houses
as the heads of the three individual on Sunday.
governments of Women’s Residence Monday and Tuesday will be deHalls during the coming year, it voted to invitational iixformal psrwas announced last night. The girls ties which will be held |between tiie were among twenty-seven coeds hours of 4 and 5:30 p. m. Tnvitatioak ‘ elected to governing positions at to these parties will be availab}p'a| the halls last evening. the Pan-Hellenic office from 7 to tO Each Hall Elects Officers Monday morning. Girls living m't^. Each hall elected its own presi- Residence Halls will receive their dent, social chairman, secietary- invitations in their mail boxes aC'ffid
treasurer and a council of six rep- hall.
resentatives. Although the govern- Formal Dinner '
ments of the halls ax-e individual in
Jeanne Fountaine and Betty Willingham were elected freshmen representatives on the AWS exe-
fayette Musical Society, featuring hour t6 an hour and twenty minutes Donald Pyke, baiitone; the Junior in length and will be run continMusicale, with Dawn Martin as so- uously from 3 to 6 every Thux-sday loist; the West Lafayette Musicale, afternoon. Consequently, students with Mis. Albert F. Price, contial- will be able to drop in at the Music to; and the Central Presbyterian Hall at any time before 4:46 and Choir, conducted by Joseph M. Rag- see a complete show, ains. The subjects to be shown in the
second week include: “News of the Day,” “Eyes of the Nkvy,” “Capital City,” “British RAF,” and Freddie Martin and his orchestra, a.p.h.
Formal dinners will be held ht the houses on Wednesday, Thbrsday and Friday. Invitations' tor these dinners will also be available at the Pan-Hellenic office on Wed-
nature, the three organizations are bonded together by the Women’s
Residence Hall Club. The officers elected were:
South Hall: president, Betty Wil- . , , ... lingham; social chairman, Shirley **^1^”*^ .
Jones; secretary-treasurer, Betty
Two Addresses Given
Two addresses were given during
cutive board at the election in the the evening—“Songs Along the WaHome Economics Building yestex’- bash” by Mrs. Prank W. Cregor, day. Both girls live in the Residence ^^4 a discussion of the Interlochen Halls and both axe in the Science Music Camp, the nationally famous School. youth orchestral organization in InJeanne comes fx’om Logansport terlochen, Michigan, by William and Betty from Indianapolis. The Cheney and Frances Mellon, girls will meet every Wednesday County choial groups which parevening with the AWS executive ticipated in the evening’s entei’tainboard to discuss all problems con- ment were: the Jasper County cerning rules, regulations and co- Home Economics Chorus, directed
ed hours of University women. by Mrs. Joseph W. Reeves; the Tip- ious houses that finish on top of the Jeanne and Betty were elected by pecanoe County Home Economics respective spox't in fraternity intraall freshmen coeds in the University Chorus, Joseph M. Ragains, con- muxal competition, and constitute from the girls who tuxmed in peti- ducting; and the Benton County a worthwhile goal to stiive for.
tions to Agnes McCullough, presi- Home Economics Chorus, conducted
Finch; and representatives, Ruth Emery, Mary Ellen David, Martha McCulloch, Dorothy Dittman, Faye Gumpper and Constance Kibler. North Hall: president, Vii-ginia Warren; social chairman, Nettie Mae Funk; seci etary - ti'easurer.
of 7 and 10. Invitations will |je issued to each of these fonnal Bitt-
ners.
Following the dinner on FrWair evening, coeds will meet in (jifi Union building to sign their preference cards. Invitations to pledge will be issued on Saturday mom-
Greek Trophies ... for fall sports and the all year
participation trophy are now on display in the window of the Chocolate shop in the village. These tx’ophies become the possession of the var-
a gx'eat deal of influence on the success of an artist. However, she has been sitiging before audiences since childhood, and her rise from church choir to the operatic stage, a degree of Doctor of Music from the Chi-
cago Conservatory of Music and the , j, , , , , i position of one of the country’s out- year s freshman debate squad told standing concert stars must be at- ^^c yearlings to “speak for them-
tributed, in a large part, to hei'
the Speakers’ Bureau, explained the purpose of her department; Bruce Lawler, senior forensic manager, disclosed information about the various intramural speech and debate contests. ” ^ Guy Besnaid, member of last
dent of AWS. b.a.h.
by Mrs^ Ralph Thiush. a.p.h.
Pep Session Tonight!
talent and diligence*. Miss Swarthout will be accompanied during the recital by Lester
Hodges.
As in the past, students will bo
yearlings to “speak
selves” by inviting them to participate in freshman debate; Gloria Fox, member of Speakex-s’ Buieau, gave the advantages of being a
speaker foi the University. Martha Hedges, junior forensic
dayman’s Guide To Art’ Transforms Sub-Basement Corridor Into Art Gallery
admitted upon pre.sentation of their manager, told the coeds about the passports, along with faculty mem- Lodde Speech Contest, and Jane bers and holders of season tickets. Ostrander, senior coed debater, said
that coed debating contains more H. 'B. Hass Will Speak
At Chemical Society Meatilig Next Monday Dr. H. B. Hass, head of the University chemistry department, will discuss “Recent Developments in the Nitroparaffins” before the opening meeting of the University section of the American Chemical So'ciety, to be held Monday at 7:30 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistx’y Building. Priox' to the meeting. Dr. Hass will be the guest of honor at a dinner meeting in the Old Chestnut Room in the Union at 6 p.m. Reservations for the dinner should be made with F. J. Allen, Chemistry Building, not later than tomorrow, d.e.g.
WAA Will Hold Ward Party Tonight In Memorial Gym WAA ward party for all girls who do not live in sororities or the Residence Halls will be held tonight at 7:15 at the Memoiial Gym. All girls living west of University stx’eet are members of Ward I, with Barbara Lloyd as manager. Those living east of Northwestern, in the first two blocks of N. Grant and north of State Street are members of Ward II, with Harriet Campbell as manager. Betty Van Nice is manager of Waid III, which includes girls living south of State .street, b.a.h.
By Bob Boswinkle The dull red of the tile wal|s in the north-south corridor in the subbasement of the Union has been-de-emphasized. The de-emphasizing agent is a vexy complete representative exhibit of practically everything that has to do with art. The exhibit is the one Bob Parks, dix'ector of the Puttering Shops, has been heai'lding for days now. Its formal name is Layman’s Guide To Art. Should Begin At North End Bob took us up and back along the long hall last night and pointed out -a lot of interesting little things that makes one see just what to look for in a good picture. By the way, when viewing the display, one should begin at the north end of the corridor and work down and back, for that is the sequence in which the pictuies hiivc been put up. This makes it just right for entering the north door of the Union, studying everytHing on the west wall, going up for a coke, and then taking in the other side, emerging at the north door again, by this time' an authority—well anyway, a little more learned.
Of course a guide is not needed to get a lot of information for along the side of each painting there is a note explaining what point the particular painting is trying to bring out. y Elaboiate diagrai^is bieak color up into various component color’s, and illustrate intensity of color, with its effects on the final picture and so on. Doesn’t Stop With Diagrams The exhibit doesn’t stop with the diagrams. It has set up little cases that at first glance might look like coke machines painted gray, or duck blinds, but further investigation shows that they aie diagrams in three dimensions inside, and by flipping switches and turning knobs all sorts of interesting things can be made to happen. For instance in a scene in one of the machines a skier is zooming down a mountain of snow. By controlling the light with the switches at the front of the case one may put himself 'in a painter’s beret and decide which lighting effect he would use to produce the proper emotional effect as if he were Mr. Michelangelo Jr. or
somebody, and about to paint a pic-
ture.
Not All Paintings But then it’s not all paintings to which this art guide is devoted. Drawings are shown—just how they aie begun, and qach step until the finished drawing is shown. Sculpture will have a part in this show also. We say “will” because of the fact that it is not all on display yet, but it will be in its proper place in a day or two. Textiles On Display, Too Beautiful textiles occupy an important part of the exhibit. Their designs are discussed in detail in the notes at the side of each piece. The exhibit'is sponsored by the Union and is the property of the Cincinnati Museum of Ait. It will remain in the Union until Dec. 21, and will then pass on to be shown at some other center. Registration date for the Carniegie Ait Appreciation Coux-se,‘ which will use the material on display for instruction, has been ex-' tended until October 6. Before that time interested persons may sign up for it in the puttering shops.
Katherine Howes; and representa- ^^ese invitations must tives KJay Mageau, Margaret Melt- called for and signed be^een
zer, Ruth Ford, Lois Reinan, Evelyn ^
Blemker and Betty Lou Trudup. halls will find their invitations to Wood Hall: president, Mary Pid- pl®dge initheir boxes and niustf regeon; social chairman, Emily them to the Pan-Hellenic offlde
Squires; secretary-treasurer, Isa- by 2 p. m.
belle McCauley; and representatives Pledging ceremonies will toke Millie Qwens, Marke CoflSn, Lucille pl^ce after 3 p. m. on Saturotty.
Fudge, Georgiana Galloway, Ruth Oct. 11.
Olfon and Jeanne Miller. Women’s Pan-Hellenic council is
in charge of all rules and aiTangd-
U f n T* m ments for rush and will supervise OOO oarnes to rlay the rushing program. r.h.r. ‘ For Mixer Saturday /„ The Exponent Of: In Union Ballrooms one year ago this week
“Poor farmer boys” were sebtoeB by a lady from the East side biting the hand that fed them! contended that F. D. R. was algr^t benefactor to this institution,*-®!^ they were not grateful as evidenced by the results of (he 'Exponent ;p<ill which gave Willkie more votes Hultt Roosevelt. - i' I Want To Be A Captain Too clubs were being formed with n®wl:? appointed Captain Elliott as gtOhd president. ' A crowd of 3,000 exuberant ^oil'ermaker grid fans gathered to the team off for Ohio State; the boys were outplayed the first and lost the fracus 17 to 14. ' Roosevelt was criticized for scurrying off on his sixth “non polltte®l” tour, during niost of which he nu|ttaged to throw in a speech or tw®, ONE DECADE AGO THIS WEEK A new yell, the Locomotive Boilermaker, "was inaugurated at a pep session in the Memorial Gym Winch bid the 1931 football team BOO<| luck in its debut on the gridiron.* Coeds at Northwestern %ete clamoring for the right to supik® in their sorority houses and grcij®t|y resented th^ Univermty’s Ie9a^^|))| them with a “guiding hand.^ threatened to use a fornil'o^'^^®^*^ passive resistance when Ihk llptt of Women even forbid them ing on the street, r.w.b. '
5 Nr Session
Bob Barnes and his Indiana university band will furnish the music at the'regular mixer which will be ■ held this Saturday evening from 9 to 12v in both ballrooms of the Un-
ion.
Special feature of the evening will be the release of several hundred baloons which will be suspended above the dancers until 10:15. Lucky couples will find complimentary mixer tickets and cards good for Sweet Shop cokes in some of the balloons. Barnes is not new to the campus, he played at the gala Dad’s Day mixer last November. The band will feature Annabelle Alexandra, its lovely songstress. As usual, the admission price will be one dollar, b.w.s. Richland Furs To Present Exhibit, Lecture Tuesday Lecture demonstration by Richland Furs, Inc., of Blissfield, Michigan, will be presented in the auditorium of the Home Economics building at 1 p.m. next Tuesday,
Oct. 7.
Included in the demonstration will be an exhibition of furs and a lecture on fur manufacture. This program is a part of the class activities in clothing and textiles, but all students and townspeople who are interested may attend. e.h.a. __it i^'l '
Exponent EM0r^E"PttM^
Thursday; Ocfftyft^^^i^l
#?■' d-
Ik
mmm MERItr-60-
By Drew Peai-son and Robert S. Allen
eniy.” During tlic war games i£ vyas his troops who throe times a'ttemiitcd the daring stroke of" capttJi’ing the opposing commanding general and did succeed in “killing” his chief of staff. • Although very much a man of action and constantly on the go, Krueger also is a scholar. He speaks four languages,/is an alert sturfent of foreign military techniques and modern ihethods.^'lien Well over fifty he took a flying course at Brooks Field and travels almost entirely by plane. Krueger was long .known in the Army as dYte of its top organizers and executives; in the Louisiana wargames he also deriionstrated that heis a very able and forceful field general. ........ One of tlie best indications of his high caliber is the crack staff with which he has surrounded Kirhself.
Today On WBAA
Pep Session Tonight I
SinqeiSaturday’sKfoo^^ game this office hSs beehfhesieged by a hortie of presidents and representatives- of varions- eam-pns organ-i^#t-<WlW ^hpyve/cbme kiingiy and in groups bearing editorials, letters to the editor, and ideas im theAhOpe that the Exponent will do sdffiething to' iinprove what they call thefapfiaiing lack bf '^hool spifit 'amdng the sMdehts. They maintain that'the'spifit iS'the worst ever and that the stltderit's ar'e kicking
THURS-DAY 10:00—Ngws
10:10—Cm-io'klan 10:15—WBAA Presents 10:3'6—Listen While You- Work 11:00—Federated Clubs
11:15—Music
11:30—Parent Teacher Associa- the football team, when it’s down instead of
12:1512:45
et^e
Editor’s Note—The Washington Merry-Go-Round, whose brilliant
stbries on the Louisiana war games It is without peer in the U. S. Athave won national comment, here mj and has some of the best tacgives summaries of the two great tieal brains of the army, armies that engaged, in the mimic chief amon.g these younger aces baftlc. Rbbeft S. Allen was on de- jg Colonel Dwight EisenhoWer,.chief taefied service covering the games. stag, who conceived and directed
the strategy that routed the Sec-
Arnties Perform Great ond Army. Eisenhower has a ste'elDeeds In Mimsc Battles; ■'trap'mind pins unusual physical
vigor. To him the military profes-
Need Competent Generals
WITH THE THIRD ARMY—The
Third Army is the lar,g-est and one tive years ago.
of the best of the new citizen ar-
mies.
Made up of re.gulars, National Guardsmen, inductees and reservists from every part of the country, it is a. true cross section of the U. S. A. and a very inspiring one. It is patriotic, high-spirited, fit and
eager to learn.
Throu.ghout the big Louisiana war games the men of the Third Army, in heat and downpour, over gruelling swamp and woodland, displayed a spirit of scrappy aggressiveness and tenacity that kept their enemy (Second Army) constantly on the defensive. From reconnaissance patrols to Army Corps, every unit of the Third was full , of fight and determination to. win. Some of the feats Of this new Army, still a fledgling force learning the arts of war, were remark-
able. For example:
In the first two days of the first phase of the maneuvers the 13rd, 37th and 38th Divisions of National Guardsmen marched over 50 miles and then went immediately into combat. ' This is an outstanding military performance and on a par with the best displayed by crack German infantry, which underwent training for seven years. It graphically demonstrates the superb physical fitness and esprit of these citizen soldiers. Another example was the extraordinary feat cf the 1st Cavalry Division foi-ding the Sabine River
sion is a science and he began -watching and studying the German army
Eisenhower’s deputy chief of stag is another crack Army braintruster. He is Lieut. Colonel A1 Gruenth'er, leading bridge ace of the Artiiy and a shining star of the General Stag until Krueger wangled him for his stag. Both Eisenhower and Gruenther are destined for bigger things in the. Army. They are men to Watch, with Major General fi. G. Riehardson, commander of Second Arffi.y’s 8th Army Corps, and one of the ?post brilliant field
generals of the service.
Note — Richardson, Eisenhower and Gruenther are of that rare military species, regular army officers who can think in terms of the civilian and the citizen soldier.
"Cajun" Soldier
The historic Arcadian (“Cajun”) section of Louisiana in an about which the war gaines took place was a never ending source of interest to the thousands of citizen soldiers. The local people were extremely friendly and hospitable and were as intrigued with the soldiers as they were with them. Practically all doors were open and the two weeks of inaneu- ; vers were a delightful experience to both groups. The towns in which the two Armies operated hotly took sides and' celebrated or despaired as the tide
of war fluctuated.
But locally the real heroes were
tion
■Purclue pj eWs
AgriCuffiural Po^rum
■Meet tne Band
(Flexible for Special
Events)
1 :f)0—^tiViStfit-'s ■■ 1:30—Better’ Vision
1:45—^Markets
2:00—A Story a Day 2:15—"Ifhe Apothecary
2:30—Music
2:45^—Treasure Chest
3:10—Music 3:00—News
3:15—Afternoon Melodies 3:30—Musical Round-up 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:15—Heard in the Hallway
4:30—Music
4:45—Little Miss Muffet 5:00—Just Relax
5:30—Vespers
5:46—Curio Man 6:50—News ; ' ’ 6:00-—Dinner Music
6:30—•Sports
6:45—The Magic Carpet 7:00—^“Pi'incipleb of Sdciology” with Prof. T. K. Noss
'7:50-^Music
8:00—Story of the Opera 8:30—Eventide Echoes 8:45—Sacred Music , 9:0,6—Concert Master.
9:30—Music 9:50—News
10:00—Off the Air
giving it -the neCeSsary boost. In fact, their fep’brt'^ aril *sb%l66'ffiy 'thb,£' ’(ye expect only' a liafldfu'f of'h’afdy'KPuls to atten'd the next football . . ' Thfe'Mntf of alarhiiste^ Wante’ nSTo challeh'gd'^todeht'g tyith their satfed Oblig'ation to the -fbotbaill team. However,'; the average s#^eht,h^@beba'wafned'^^ Mmonishe'd so toahy tihSee- by everyofiip frofti the' UniveTs'ity admiftietfiatioh On dOWft to 'h’is foO'fri'ffiate that he has leafned to-turn .a deaf ear to their pleasv . . . Furthermore, they want to do anything possible’ to cufe' thia diseased eofiditiO'fi Of sehool spirit. Any first year hiedicai studeht knows-that before you can administer a cUre, there has to be'a disease, and 'we don’t think that there is anything wfong with our School spirit. Last Friday evening ■vVe had a better than,
aveflge pep'session; there was plenty of enthttsiasTh' then. Saturday afternoon, the stu-'^ dent cheering at a very^dull game wasn’t as lOttM and long as ifshpuld have heen, but the fault here lies with-th^ yell leaders, who hit an all time lo#for 'fee number of cheer^. Why blame thO Sttidehl body for Tafek of effiOiOnOy on the part Of o.d^'cheer leaders ^ Monday aflernOon only a few turned out to' witness football practice, and this was cited by the alarmists as the prime example of lack of SUpp’drL However, most students interested in fbotbatl practices knOM' that the Monday foliowing a footbilf garfie is usually deyoted to 'a fight yarm-uty'exercise, which is not exciting entertainment. For this reason many failed to attend. iOthefs either ShfeVSlM'-fOrgot about the open ptaCtieO session, dr had had enough football for one week-end. It is highly dduhtful if any'stajied Uway in 'a deliberate atternpt to bOycOtf the tedm. ' ' " ’ ' ' We ask thdguardians of our school spirit: Why jump on the students for their lack of enthusiasni ? They’ve’s-hO'vyn as much s-pirit as call be expected. If the guardians want to correct something, they might try to improve the cheer leading squad. Tonight there’s another pep session. Let’s all be out there and prove that nothing is lacking in our pep and enthusiasrii.
Dr. Paul Ar Ri^' ' Pi-. Luth’dv A. kisfc ■ ' ■ Dr; Harold')'.• Risk- — DENTISTS?— ' r;'y 400-404 Sihul* Bldg. y-* 4lh and Main St'.>
NOTICE DANCERS IMPROVE YOUR BALLROOM DANCrN® BY tWtOttiMO? IN OUR . i;,, ADULf^^ADVANCEW CLAW LAtESr PAMCES-ifAUfiSHf
PHONE 11
■ , . . -.{(■
ALLEN’S
Mm
Letter to Editor
Dear Editor:
As a member of the Purdue Student Senate, I am writing this letter to expand, and perhaps clarify, the coridi^jons surrounding the senior cord parade, as discussed in the editorial appearing in Sufiday’s Ex-
hoo.” It is either “the General” or
“the - old man.”
This is' significant because it shows the genuine esteem in Whi'eh
to his .specifications. These are to the effect that the five engirieering
September 28, 1941 scho-ois,-Chemical, Civil, Metetricai,
Mechanical, and Metallurgical, be eligible. The question of the Public Service Engineers has been put
forth on sev.eral occasions, but no . . .. . change has been ihade in' the spe'ci- Wesley Fouriila,ti6h will have a fications. new home in the near future, acIt has often been: said that'there cording ttf an announcement by Dr.
poweTif. While the position of the three sides to every discussioh: ottP Scat'S Steele, dir'eetor of the PUb'iic Service EngiiieeVs is justi- yo'^TSide,The other fello-w’s side,-and foundation. The new building, to
fl, 3 -.x .0 n xq ttip foTlnwino' The right side. Sunday’s editorial' ,
Sis mi be P^'esented your side, the above the on the site of the Founda-
V , other fellow’s side,-arid the fo-lld-W-. properties located at 436 and
been quoted as saying that the Civil "^^t 443 State St., will dost about $63,and Public Service Eng'ineei's-(yere 90'8. The'money to p'ay these; costs to be GOuri'ted as one sdhool at the . was obtaiwed ffom the ,sale of real' p-arade, I aril aware of no authPrify Engineers (21 of them) eligible estate in Anderson last March, the
VISUAL f PROB^UMS soivir
DR. A. fN2J^ —dPlxSMSfRlfSt--I, 1 , . -lAi' 607 M-ain Sf-.'''--' '
GOOFD PRiNTlN(^ at - PAINLESS jPRICt'S More style tor kess; Kane's Print 401 S. 29th St. PhDl»e,^0St
he is held by the men he commands. that statement. It is possible
That such a rumor whs born of the
the “Cajun” soldiers. They were the
at night with all its heavy motor pride and glory of The “Cajun” and artillery equipment (400 ve- co™b-y and stories abounded about hides) to pounce early in the morn- them. One reg-aled with great relish
A tail, rugged old Cavalryman, the commander of the Second Army is a man of unusual~ physical vigor arid decisiveness. Also, there is no guile Or “soft-
soap” about him.
He says what he thinks frankly and directly. Everyone under him knows -vyhere he stands. There is no politics in The Second Army. Lear also can see a joke on him. The hullabaloo over the “Yoo-hoo” incident startled him, but he talks about it genially and is very proud of the manly way the soldiers took their disciplining. Lear’s great passion is soldierliness, the essence of which he considers to be discipline. To him an
for the aw£ird? The Mets number land was the gift of the late thomp--only 34, and the Ciyils 44. Speak- gon G. Neeley bf Anderson, Who'
fact that one member of each repre- d«d in May, 1935. -sentative class within the Student (Ihems and the Mets as one yphe offices and social rooms of Senate represents both these since they are so considered ^he Foundation haVe been moved to schools. This ari-angement lias been University ? The Senate is Foundation home at 116 Sheetz
in force for several years, in ordep
already assuming the investigation
that representatives on the Senate of these possibilities
will be more nearly in proportion to the size of the schools they repre•sent. 'There can be no connection between such elections and the senior cord parade. Since Prof. G. A- Young.has seen fit during the past several years to distinguish that school of engineering having the greatest pei’cehtage of seniors paTticipatittg in the cord parade, it has been deemed only fair that the award be m'ade according
R. A. Dibos, EE ’42
^ER session TONIGHT
Street. This house, which has been recently redecorated, will serve as tempoi-ai-y headquartei-s of the Foundation dui'ing the erection of
the new building. ;
The conTract-foi- the erection of. the building has been awarded to Karl H. Kettlehut Construction company. d.e.g. ■ ■' •'
army without sound discipline is a
on the unsuspecting, west flank ’throughout the. Third Ariny, which mob; an army that has if one of of the enemj’ and capture a large itself on its military disci- the finest creations of man. As compart of its gas supplies. To cross Phne, was about a jmung “Cajun” mander of the Second Army all his this treacherous stream the doughty i'<^cruit who failed to salute his col- egorts are bent toward making it Division had to haul over 7-ton The colonel stopped him and that kind of army. His forte is def-
said, “Ho'tv long have you been in initely, the training of troops, the army?” Note—Lear rose from the ranks “Two months,” was the pleasant -and one of his greatest prides is answer, “and you?” that he was once a crack first ser-
Cock O* The Walk geant.
WITH THE SECOND ARMY — "Sha'vetail's" And Generals Cock o’ the walk of this man’s ar- Greatest personnel pi-oblem of the iny are the men of the armored new citizen army is . second lieutenforces. Husky, hard as the ariqor ants and field generals, of their clanking machines, deeply Most of the former are too green tanned and dashing, they combine to know what it is all about and the the swagger of the old cavalry, the, latter too old to learn. Being young, Id'eezy recklessness of the airmen, eager to learn and bright, most of and the pile-driver forcefulness of the “shavetails” can be taught,
the heavy artillery.
Wherever' they appear, in camp', in maneuvers or in totvn, the armored men dominate , the scene.
trucks and 155 caliber guns weigh-
ing 4,500 pounds. ..
The Third Army ha'i^all the elements of a great, combat force in the finest American tradititm. It isn’t that yet, but it is well on the way. It still has a lot to learn,, from buck private
fo commanding general.
But what distinguishes the men of the Third is their will to learn, their aggressiveness and pride as citizen soldiers . . Note—As in the case in the othercitizen ai'inies, chief deficiency of the Third Aimy is lack of small unit (platoon and company) training. This is primar-ily due to inexpaiienced non-commis.sioned and
company officers. "The Old Man"
Principal cj-edit for tire excellence of the Tliii-d is due Lieut. General Walter Krueger-, commanded, and his crack staff,of assistants. Siender, of middle height and incisive, Ki-ueger I'ose from the ranks and is a military practitioner- of the Stonewall Jack.son dictum of'“.-•ui--pj'ise, mystify and mislead the en-
Some of the, generals will be replaced by younger and more adapt-
able officers.
Note—During a day of hot fi'ght-
The way tJiej’stand, the way they ing hr the maneuvers, one general
walk, the way they carry them.selvcs even when lounging, , sets them off in a class by themselves. There has never been a morale
commanding- a division at the front calmly stretched out on two camp chairs in the shade near his tent and read a newspaper while enemy
problem among .the arnrored men. bombers made a dive attack on his Iheii- morale is sky high and the headquarters. If they had been, usinodel for the I'ost of the army. jng live bombs the general and his They Don f Call Him^Yoo-Hoo’' ■ headquarters would have been blast-
Contrai-y to genei'al belief, the ed to smithereens,
men the Second Army, do not re- (Copyright, 1941, by United Fea-
fei- to General Ben Lear as “Yoo- ture Syndicate, Inc.)
PuUidujL £xponmL
Entered as second c']a;ss matter at the post office in Layafette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Ma-i'ch 3, 1879, and at the .special rate of postai'c provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authoj-ized January 20, 1922. Publi.shed daily except Monday' during the regular aeadeinic year and weekly dui-ing the' Surnmei- Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscidptions,'$4.00. ■ ■
Bditor-in-C'hicf Ncwh Editor Btiuinciiii ManuKcr..
..Ned A. Ochiltree ..John L. Trauifott Don S. Powers
Pubheation Staff
Sports Staff Ediicr Phil C. Johnson A-s-oeiate Kditons; O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. ICt'elec.
Manaxinx Editor Leland W. Ituffncr Associate Editors: J. F, Atnos, J. H. Armslrunt:, IJ. '1'. Drophy, H. L, Hadley, F. J. Joiics-, K. .G. Kieper.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792; Editorial After ,10 P. M., 5377
Business Staff aJ Advortisinir Managers: K. K. Gietiire. K. E. ',Sa.xtoM :
UcjjroHcntftl for national advortising’ by National Advertising .Service, Inc., CulleKC Publisliors Jiepresentatives, 420 - Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.,
Day Editor: Cliatlicdd Spurts ICditdr: Clark Sfjuier, D. Glass, R', Eberts, J. Wells, C. Sowards, (C M.
LUNA
MADNESS... MUTINY ...AND A MAID! Oat of stormtom seas'comes d thrill-soakod saga
ssi^ ' ■
M ^ miwooRiit viti uu. ALSO 'CApT, MARVEL" Setial FIRST RUN NEWS
Tflu
Fri. - Sat. -'2 Hits i
Plus
.. .,A BOLD BUCKEROO i<?-BLASTS THE badlands:
with ROY ftOpERS, JOAN woobBliitY : A BEPUBIIC PICTURE
NOTICE
New Defense 'tax Law Effecting
theatre Admissions
Starting Today Matinee
. tax-
..20c
2c
Total
22c
Night and Sunday Balcony
Tax
:.20c 2e
^ Total
22c
Main Floor
j ■ ' Tax
.24c 3c
Total
He
Children (anytime) JOc taX iI I'd
cDmiNC — KNUTE ROCKNC!i-
ny nM jHh^siHi
Pf^airi' id t'iie
■ SfiSdi'^6 ^^fron^ 6'Ws'i^’^'6n«ia?d,'te ihe df insurateti Pullmdn'c^ arid ®y^'t^fc■i^^^^^iii^rita T/irerit hririta wM a oi '‘‘^arit- "■ t > boys for whose bertefitifee . .ibl#'''ljitdal»i|ld^'’i; w^'ttoo^ goi»^^*fcd'■fi&’tliB. 'hig. <:hftbs'fes t0iiig6|i-.and fd hW ;i^|g?iil & tbri 'riSWdte^o'f'’^Re A'^ Jrist to let tbe team know that riot only tiWaorrie 6,StfO edfs aie tddstii>g'"’th«m, f'.w:^ 'cbi^ atili%tic 'Ariftbr-ai‘y','ViJl the ^rictebs of the fetiiiue which will jBersonafly escort the . teariir. t^ thfe Sig, Four statidri .as prdi/l' dS thd corilSdifWhtf ho'M-ttS oriei 6ftd
j Pew ofi the b6<^ 'to attend th^i^i^ pefed^aliy ^aturdg^^^ to ,a'^^ their 'two cents "^d^ri’^'eririO^agi^e’hi o¥ t^afe. j^t eyatybA^j<^’'^'.t%ehs'’'i^l’tdwkr'd a' P6':^'diif# victoi^ fi^ight'^; the teairi the biggest send l^re ari;^ 6QJd land Black squad has ever - received. fo^ a ViCtOty'. AB df the test ■i’s;hiip'to'the’team.':' ■’■ • - —r- • ’i All Work And No Play ' ,We Aren’t''haj^fij^ tMt Boiiermdkers ril'd'cirich tp htatthd j^Snthe%'' Sri|a'rday, hutjve do belierie that if the’eirie¥ge‘.y|ctoriofe it^vill be after one’ of Hhe tougherit taffies' ariy Pitt terim evdr' went thtoughi And that’s a lot to say after the game of Saturday last. ■ No Boilermaker team has ever spent a harder three days after a ball game than the 194t edition has sjpjyit this Week. Scrimmage sessions have begun shortly riiter 4:00 erich affetridori’and have extended until long after 6:00j. •vyith thri aid’of lights and a wBitelibajl necessary to see what was going on. • f No Griping-p'f^st Hard Work , Not once in the ihVdte ^^t|f'noons of strenriduri WOlfk'-^ outs have -We hes^^^'a/ji^^er complain of the hard work. They all beHH|^. t^a^'they have a great terim> a^ri^^rri plenty ■wi®|^]|l'thl work to perfect their play arid,‘'diripro’ve tfib'''o^hions that many good weather fahsi ip^^i^fterthd''t^ tilt.
tdist a’0fe0^f96*med Boilermaker foot-r ball teattii heldi ilis; 1^ Workifut ' 15ef#i^'^the that Will leave to»igM for Pitti^iifgh waa
e*' 'i;' ■;
1 *Wa’re fspeeially ih-1}e3Pested ite 'blbcfeiftg/’ .'; %^ek aghwii^'t • '^aw^r-.. bift the oftehse Was sadly, laeMng.” CJbnsider-■abte"-'tMj»e>'Wa^fd<Wbh@ld ‘ewWrihji. dj?'kicks another We^tkiiess that was evident in fast @at#r^^s 's^feirefe'sie^ih the lengthy workotft if&tt pl'dffe'et- . htiit'the placer and pl^^^ for field ;geals ’as Well as teh' points aft^ tdudftdoWny Cfalvini-Phtty aHd Khj'iKyk will handle the kick-^ dihdires 'lo^t’ Pd^dn’e’S Botle'r’m'a’kerS' in thP game'this SatufM^; “fcftf'Cl^geS'Illade^’■ ■ ' Coach Elward is far from satisfied With the showing of the team thus far': Aecdfding tn Mai, “Unle^- the otf^sef Idoks ' better against VandefbiM> there may be Some Wholesale changes made.”" * ’ ' ■ Kenny Smdek and Bob Chester have shown up -well as the left halfback post.. At right halfback Red Carter and Meakim have ledied'equally impressive. Among tfie' llnemen Chaf^ds Ehrlich at guard and Eweff C’Bryan'' at'taekle haye been standouts through'the webk’hf drills. Luego's Btatus Questionable Lending a gloomy note to the day’s proceedings was the news that Alex Luego, the only center with a season of experience in competition will see little or no action in this Saturday’i^ 'game'; Ai’S kfidS has not responded to treatment as expected and his chances of playing are slight. Luego’s place wilfl^taken by either Sophctadre Bob Johnsortii’ WfiO splayed sixty minutes of good football agahisi Vanderbilt, or by Efank Ruggieri whb>''donbles on the varsity wrestling squad during the winter, e.l.k.
pmse^iMng^0.
Tallies Best M nHie Trial Run
By Clint Sowards ,
The Boilermaker , cross-couhtry squad held filial tiihe tfials yesterday afternoon to detenhine the team to run against IIKnoiS' Battffdif M the opening|cross-country run of the season. The trials Wiif'W^n over the three and one-half mile country course weM'iSf tftg’ Btadium. "this year the course has been
u altered somewhat to allow spee- ~ “ tutors to check up on the positions
of the men throughout the run, ' uioying from the finish line. The course has been changed to, more or less, resemble Mickey Mouse’s profile; a loop around each
To Nose Out ,3
Hifr Cbmbs m Bo*
^ ear;'then ri' cir.eJe ,Qf the nose. The ,* ; # I’unfiersrirfe ■V[’ithiri efisy -view etf .tlto ®P®ci'^t’Oi'^atithe0ne,arid'one-quar-
,.'Th|’,^ rie3tf, iterii’ Ori ter,j.mark,' agaJri at the twd^and orieterriity gporite prbgrariT will be half ni|l(S msirk; then remaih in.View fdWftbafi;- hri^jeA^^Mt'rill’^^W^^ the three arid One'’
riroriad the ptrictice
coufrid West of the stridiriiri.
golf
■1 mite •” iti. -■“'‘WJisfei: '., , ‘iferi Sfe'j^ct V8 Bill Tyson Jott" Wttrtm DlfiVliwya ^SIn.e'3'. . . 5 MitcSelf Vi kntBc'h' 6 'Koch or” DiiteBtetBillri vs Gttuld or Grctder. ■ ' 11 Wifsman vs Graybill 12 D.'L6na or Holtztnan vs Robinson or Daley Vtl Olmsted vs Altherr 14 Pavis vs Favycett or Clark . 1«. Hunt or Crofts vs Garber or Dial 15 G. R. Witsman vs R. Stallincs 17 Voth or Kreisle vs Gifford or McC&mpbcl| smifriALri • Thursday. October 2 Dtamobd ,V Brfta‘ehf”vs Theta'Tau ' 2 Pm KAfifia vs Ph'l kapda Tau 3 Beta-Theta PI vs Alpha Sigma Phi ■A .rihit-Kuppi Sigma vs Theta Xi •i S Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Theta Chi
na Kfttoa 7 Alpha Tan Omega vs Alpha Chf Rho 8 Delta Tau Delta vs Pi Kappa Phi 9 Phi Delta Theta vs Lambda Chi ' ■ Alpha' . .. , I’O' Sisfliha Phi BpsilPP-Vs Beta Sigma Psi 11 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon ... ■ ' 1'2' Kappa Slgrria Vs Tau Epsite Phi 13 Sigma Pi'’Vs’ Khppa Delta Rho 15 Delta UpsilP'n Vs Phi Gamma Delta 16 Alpha Gaidriia Rho vs PWi Kappa Psi 18 Cary Hall 9 Vs' Cary Hall 8 ALL CAMPUS GOLF Thursday, October 2 Shead vs Shelby ■ Ochiltree vs. Bob Smith Kerns vs Kfedlgdt*' Graham VS, Krtff.t' pt Johnson Laddon oF’^TO^dW^vs Hoffman or Roborts ?X''', ■ Kitts vs lTO(!fd’V.dt Ainsworth Rich or Pi'peii’dl vs Goombs or Weglinski Koebh.vs &jii5ague., Bush'cr vs ’Worl Tordght!
A. E. Arkin, J. W. Brown, R. P. Burrows, W. R. Culmer, J. F. Dodds, C. N. Doup, J. O. Dunbar, J. W. Elliott, W. R. Farber, H. F. Graebner, E. L. Gregory, G. A. Gust, J. G. Hunt, J. H. Iwan, A. L. Jackson, W. L, Korte, R. A. Kuntz, R. B. Larson, R. McManus, L. H. Miller. H. D. Myers, J. H. Parks, W. A. Reade, G. B. Robbins, H. E. Robertson, J. G. Rush, J. M. Schnaible, G. R. Shaver, E. H. Smith, G. E. Snyder, L. L. Stahl, R. B. Stecker, R. E. Valentine, D. C. Warren; R. W. Wilson, J. C. Witty, F. J. Wood, F. A. Wright.
-R'uf ^ fkaWVriW^'^.‘.,ivi|lC-MWT''.W halfi’miie; .edursfi, which’, consists of
BiH Combs ^ upMdirig his h^f of required, a most uriusUril “brother Ucf iri ■' • ’
fric^tb^'ViWme his s^nth ^ year ^tive^petition with co- ijidu %,^^^dkfr4ayrie^,,lgd by riUptam Tom Mdtdft'. ^ , tkmriMl 5fhce by Oefobef %vft#et^ripy'hriye fimin^Irtg ^m tolri pl^irigf practice gkmes Wre'scheduled ™f^^gsteAs%p,the^tai^;bf ^ys aij LdWeirSigh SchooTat Low- ^gjjer, for Tuesday, October 7, or Srifrurduy ell, Iridiana, thriir association on the ^kurs'day', October 9 Footballs can .be ri. heckvripd neck gridiron was eontinurid Wheii both ehdSked out for practice but it af#iT,,%lh,terim:^pn^gts.C^:SeVen dmded to play Mil at thd Riveter necessary to rrikim thd footballs fhe tourtepn srifioril. Bill’s crifi’Sistent arid aggres- crqri^6^: j|te,%liph,,^^n«i.the nriirib.pr,«f
sive fday riritoe ^l^^d s^t has ^.^e gameriandwill have a gorid
Srirridd for hriW Mai ElWriTd’s rtod ^an on hand for riach game ' or fpurteerith.’iriaddedto|^^^ foriths startirig assigririre'ftt'arid his regulafiOri fis’Ms have bedn sdoyri. The team ivith the loWest rarigy six foot frame makes hfm oUt ori, tfee; friframural Kejd t^fe^kfehlost’koridfs. . Mrialiy SUitod fori the Job. and more will be added if it'is foUrid ’f’ke tfm'e'trials, which Were held Has Naforri'I AbfSty riedbssary. The #iririirig,team wi'il be yesterday afternoon, showed the Bill became interested in the l^prded a fi'grire trophy,, fifty Boilermaker squad to be in very gifWiroH' spOrt when he entered'high iipirits, for, parti4^ teii' extra good form, A list of the first seven school, and his natural ability spon i»rilrits;:for,’^iiqni^ and. medals'wHl men to finish, which will constitute made itself krioWn -When he rep or tod fae ptrieserited.tpitfie fnemhers of the the team Saturday and their qualifor the spuad. Biff also tried his victorifO'U'S to'am< The rUttriermp will fying times are as follows: Captain hand at basketball but when it came receive five poirits. , .. , Ed Ho'lde'^man, lb:42j .’ilV'0(^y Apto, a showdown his real interest was Rules Importaitk^,,, . . pletori, 15:47; . Deri, Kemp,. 16:07; fooi'tbqff. The new riUlrip .;.state that each Darrell-Roach, 16:W; Charlie DuesBiU has enjoyed a Well rounded team shall orily ebrisist of nine men. ler, 16:56; Fred Kinder, 17:03; and college career in the three years he Copies of the oMcial rules may be Kieth McLaughlin, 17:05. has perif traversing the Boilermak- obtained at the Intramural Offiice. Totrgh Cotrtse eri caMpUS, for iri ad'ditiori to his ac- m.l.g. , - - - -pj^^ crOss-couritry course is one of •tivity on the football field he has ' ■ the most difficult in the conference, be’eri choton to succeed Ted Ax-tori^ \ . . It is either running up or down hill, as pregident of the. P-Men club, and' he plan'S'to e^tiri-'rie Ms stadies-in except the last half mile over the at thri rieeOnt; pledging held by the proiession>s^^abiy in a^hi- p-ra'ctiee golf cotirse, which is by no Gimlet club Bill was among those pugo institution., W mearis level.-,, i - , honored/ He is a member of Al^ha riiedicirie has led to many an after- difFerencfr in types' of crossGamma Rho fraternity. tt country courses makes it difficult Likes Stririrish Waltzes " ” ’ ' P^^^iet toe^putpome of, a crossWhen it comes to music Sill is ^^S^^vririt^thJefoTe itis imposquite conservative in his taste and deferment from the draft because Purdu?illhiys''LmLrwhk^^^ as a rule frowns on too much “ja-i^^” (fg finroBment' in the medical Jaif at 10 45 WnW in the popular songs. |ite favorite g^KOPf, wMcft obvionaly means that fL ifi 'ripkmrfww wS
recording is Russ Mean’s ar- doctors will be at a prLium if war
rangement of Johann Strauss’com- compc, . W'alka^y with the contest, position, “Tales From The Vienna T-wofold Medical Interest ' ' Tha^eet is open to the public.
Woods.’’ ^mtSliS^SWpTb-
Bill is enrolled in a; pre-medical fegsion is not entirelf centered 'in ® practice golf couree
course and following hi§ graduation ^jjg classroom for Biff confesses
th^’afc ifee pTpsent time a nprse in a; ,0ariy bpspifal, Hetty Weaver, by name,, cbiistitritos the. female chief
getrsetiiisr'
I -’4.
PLENTY Of PUNtlH ■ , '.k ■ , : ■ Ili SipONENT CLASSIFIED i' adH
, J &:':.4i© . a:\ iif': .-IS c,? *:f / en COS SMiiilv gets a good deal when oontact I isSthe Exponent’s Classified Aavertising. The Ciasiiiiei^ Column isd busy market place whete a few words
carry plenty of punch. F ■■ ■ .1 ■. ' . .-Ci' ^A.*VKiC Use the Classified Adsf Read them regularly.
Saturday morning to see the Rivetei^ harriers stretch their strides.
Session Tonight!
ttPMtiWsnoj-'jV
NOW YOU CAN OBTAIN ^Le J^ooL-o'^^tke-lfFjontk
^er'ULce FROM US! • The La’tiest B^ks at Lowest Prices • Free Btfek t® New Subscribers • No. Bntolfment fe^ • Free Gift Book Dividends ■ V. . '1 ‘ - V. WHAT ARE THE ADVANTAGES.? ASK US NOW^NO OBLIGATION
Acrio^ the UtiiOn: M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
A fast double play, Gordon to Rizzuto to Sturm, snuffed out alast ditch Brooklyn rally and gave Red Ruffing and the Yankees a 3-^ decision over the rollicking Dodgers in the World Series opener, at Yankee Stadium yesterday as 68,540 customers watched. In the true Yankee tradition, it was a combination of cieVer pitching, tiirieiy distance hitting and tight defeilsive workj as Ruffing pitched to “spots”
all afternoon.
GoTdort Starts It .,.Ee'd Ruffing did not allow the “Bums” a hit until the fifth when Reese singled. Catehet Mickey GwCri promptly tripled to score Pcewee and cut the previously g:airied Yank lead to 2-i; Johnny Sturm got the first Hit of the series off starting pitcher Curt Da’vis, but that’Was all of the first inning flareup. In the following frame Joe Gordon blasted a homer to put the American Leaguers in the lead. Joe Medwicfc contributed the fielding gem of the afternoon in the fourth with a diving catch of a deep drive from the bat of Joe DiMaggio. Medwiek backed against the box seats in left field and collared what otherwise would have been a home run. In that same fourth Bill Dickey doubled to score Keller; who had received a base on balls. Joe Gordon drove in: another tally two innings later, after the Brooks had scored their first run and made the count 3-1. At this point huge Hugh Casey came in from the bull pen to relieve Davis and retired the side ’without further damage. Pinch Hitter Produces Reese got Ms second single in the seventh ’ after John Sturm dropped a throw for an error. Lew Riggs then b&tten for Owen and came througji with another single to give the Flatbushers an unearned marker and make the score 3-2.^ Jim Wasdell . swung for Casey and fouled ,out to Eolfe. But Reese tried to advance to third on the catcb and was nailed, Rolfe to Rizzuto for a double play, Johnny Allen fqced Ms old mates to start the, seventh and Herman Franks came in to catch Mm. Allen held the New Yorkers in'check for tffe remainder of the game. Medwickiund. Reese singled in the ninth, bpt the: hits were - nullified by the Yank double play. Joe, Dolph Go Hitiess , Reese -with three hits and Dickey \jrith two. topped the swat depai-t-ment. Both cleanup hitters, DiMaggio and Camilli, failed to hit in four trips to the plate and Dolph struck out three times, o.t.c.
Pep Session Tonight!
mKimu N0i|ni 1 NftjWtifTASIt D«.eRMSQW‘S.l PjWENTBB ClBANBlit
MADE BY M. IINKMAN & CQ.. CHICAGO MAKERS OF RollYcourt PIPESPURDUE EXPONENT
Daily Health Service Report
Frosh Basketeers Answer Summons
Last Monday R. P, Smith, sophomore chemical engineer, entered the St. Elizabeth Hospital for sm? gical treatment; Arthur Shapiro, freshman engineer, entered . the Home Hospital for medical tr’eatment;^^d C. C. Martindell, fresh-
^ For Early Practice
lur^^
iro,^t.afge Turnoul" To Be Cut Down To Workable Team
As the basketball season' is not so very far away. Piggy Lambert has already started his search for
beth Hospital for surgical treat- new basketball material. There is
a lot of promising material among the young blades. A general call for freshml^n basketeers was made and one hundred twenty-five turned out. They were broken up into various teams and the general practice session started. Confusion reigned until the boys found their floor legs and their playing reseanbled basketball. Weeding Out Process No cut has been made yet in the number of hoys practicing. Piggy expects to make that cut sometime next week. Two great teams will be made of the most promising players and then another cut will be made. The final result ought to be a pretty suiooth bunch of fellows. The varsity boys are back and are polishing up oh their playing. They are a little rusty yet from their sunrmier layoff. Don Blanken was on the floor, swishing the ball through the netting as of old. Blemker was also hitting the bucket with that peculiar left-handed shot of his. “Horsey” Riley was practicing that famed pivot shot and has got it dowu pat. Rhinies Test Varsity PiggT had a few of the varsity players working out against the freshmen. The varsity got in some pretty shots, but ^ the frosh made them work for them. Some of the newcomers made an impi-essivc showing and Piggy seemed pleasecl. g.m.p.
WAA: Tt'nnis practices every Tuesday and Friday. Tournament scheduied in the next two weeks. Three practices needed to participate. —STIGERWALD
Thursdajir# 0^^lbbe^r 2f 1941'
Freshmen EnBlnecrss.,j Seating assign- 'WAA Specdhall: Practice Thur.sday, Oct. ments for engineering I^dtures to bevheid 2 on the fieid at 4 p.m. —GAIEBRAITH in Ppwler Hall are posted near the front ——— entrance on the ground floor in Michael Glider Club: No meeting Thursday, Oct. Golden Shotis. " --W. A, KNAPP ,2. —CAFFEE
Physical Examiners: -Students Who worked giving physical examinations mdy get their checks at Student Health Service. —Mll/LEB
Gold Peppers: Meeting today, Thursday, Oct. 2 at B p.m. in AWS office. Meeting will be followed by dinner in the Union and a date..with the team. —SCAKFF
WAA: Archery contest every eveninfe at '4. Instruction will be given on Tuesdays and Fridays. . i —JOHNSON.
Camera Club Dark Room Committee: Meeting of all members Thursday evening at 7:30 p.m. in the lounge near the West Desk for the purpose of cleaning the dark rooms. —HUSTVEDT ,
Classified
Wanted: Boy to work for meals. Apply 112 W. Wood. ,, ■
Modern Dance Club: Practice Monday, Wednesday,, and Friday at 4 p.m'. and Tuesday at 7 p.m. every week. —SERBAN
Freshman Campers: Meeting Satufday, evening, Oct. 4, 7:30 to 8:80 p.m. in the West Faculty Lounge. All campers and counselors of the 1938, 1939, and 1941 camps who are interested In planning a continuation program welcome. —GRAVES
Military Juniors: Those who signed up for the Military Ball and are still interested should report to room 202 in the Armory, Friday, Oct. 3 at 4 p.m. —DIBOS
For Sale: Advanced course R. O. T. C uniform; used one semester. Cheap, Call 277B—Jack Threlfall.
Lost: Gold ring set with five pearls. Reward. Call 8034.
YWCA Members: Important meeting Oct. 2 at 7:15 p.m. in the office. —NEWTON
Student Typists Wanted: Owm typewriters; part-t^me. .Call 55654 6:30-o. p. m.
Interfraternity Presidents Council: Meeting at Phi Delta Theta house on Thurs^y, Oct 2. at 6 p.m. ^ -MAYFIELD
Room ht 306 N. Salisbury: continuous, hot soft water; single 'or double. Mrs. Mahns.
All Girls Going Through Rush: Compulsory meeting Friday, October 8, Faculty Lounge of Union. —ADKINS
F.A.O. Sophomore Workers: Please see work schedule in office for number and work schedule. —PFENNINGER
Purdue Wheelmen: Picnic Saturday, October 4 at Wildcat Creek. Meet in front of Administration building at 3 p.m. —VANDERBILT
, Silver Mask: Important meeting for those interested in obtaining equipment and lockers Tuesday, Oct. 6, in room '303 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. —TOWER.
Independents: Buy your memberships at the P.I.'A. office or Sweet Shoppe at 4-5 ;30 p.m. any afternoon. Fall dance is Friday, October 3, ' —ELDER
Typewriters—Adding machines, all mfjt®* sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph and multigraph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main. Phone 2779, Lafayette.
Lost: Glasses at pep session. Finder call 8444.: Wilcox.
Tau Beta Pi: Short important meeting Thursday, Oct. 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room 302, Union. —NOTHMANN.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting of all actives Thursday, October 2 at "7:30 p.m. in room 212 of the Union. Be sure and come. This meeting is very important. SIGLER
Wanted: student to care for furnace for room. 527 State St., W. Lafayette.
Reamer club: Actives and pledges meet with Mascot in front of the Union at 6 ;30 Thursday, October 2. —RUPFNER
C.E. 41 (Hydraulics): . An examination for the removal of C and 1 grades will be held from 1 to 4 p.m. Saturday, October 11, in room 125, Heavilon Hall. Permission to take the examination must bo obtained from the undersigned prior to October 9. —F. W. GREVE
Lost: Kappa Kapph Gamma pin at football game. Call Elizabeth Ann Graham— 4841. . '
Money to Loan: on anything of value. Albert’s Loan Office. Pawnbrokers and Jcwelrs, 407 (Columbia St. '
Lost: Glasses between EE building and Armory, 'Puesday, Sept. 30. Tingley^ 8438.
PAC: Important meeting 4 p.m. Thursday, Oct; 2 in Mai Elward’s Office. Please plan.to attend. —ARAMS
Freshmen Engineers: Meet for Engineering Lectures on Saturd.ay, Oct. 4 iit 8 a.m. by schools. Students whose names begin with A-E (incl) lecture room in Michael Golden Shops; E-LE (incl) Room 254 EE Bldg.: .(second floor lecture room);.LI-R (incl) Room 120, EE Bldg,; »nd S-Z (incl) Room 201, CE Bldg. —KNAPP
EDGERTON HDWE.y INC HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
hy
CATALINA and RUGBY
THE ALL-AMERICAN .SWEATER
ill tan, leather, blue and maroo,. .,1 Sg.Ol)
THE always popular eablc stitch in tan, maroon and bhie at ^^.50 ^
Twin sweater sets are very fine to have, they can he worn together or singly with or without your suit' coat. *
Twin sweater sets in exact match are hecoming more popular everj! year in tan and leather.
Button Coal Sweaters ....
*7.00 *3-50
OR a clear and true picture of the course of national affairs, look to The .Washington Merry-Go-Round. .You’ll find in this column of report and interpretation and character-sketch, the salient and simply put and untwisted facts you want to know. You’ll find out the who’s who back of the ballyhoo, the interests underlying issues, previews of news in the making, diagnoses of developments. And you’ll find The Washingtmi Mei'ry-Qo** Round
Caahinerc type sIi|»-over, very light in weight, hut warm, in tan, lilue and green at ^
.50
A Zeplier weight true all over eahle stiteh in lea1^'^. ther, tan, maroon, rust
a
and green at
.00
We have many other sweaters to oiler—-these are only a few of onr very best sellers. We invite you to give them a look—* They’re Siwell. Priced from $2.50 up
Daily in the PURDUE EXPDIVEIVT
SOOMAIfi ST
Subscription Rates $3,50per Year—$2,00per Semester
CLOTHE'S S
■'IWi