^ >h „>??'
* I
'.•?'^f < ,
EDITORIAL X^Ghdemns Ohio State's Martha Saenger
Established 1889
^CpOHCM ® Yeah. It’s Sorins
MERRY-60-R0UN(» Tells of the Bottling of Secretary Frank Knox
Volume 56, No. 7
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, May 13, t^^43
Pharmacists Close Convention Here
I
Sixty-second annual convention of the Indiana Pharmaceutical Association came to a close Tuesday afternoon at a general round-table discussion, held to discuss and suggest possible solutions to retail problems. Beginning Monday afternoon in conjunction with the thirteenth annual Druggists’ Business Conference, and attended by apprpximately 300 delegates, this year’s convention has heard many prominent men in
Hollensbe Answers Navy M'sLord Halifax May HiiActinnc Akniit Dofiinrlc Ui xw uw V I Bid ajl U v I B U I B %l d According to word received yesterday afternoon from Prof. ' F. C. Hockema, Assistant to the President, Lord Halifak has - In answer to numerous inquiries by Navy reservists, W. W. Hollensbe, University cashier, been tentatively re-scheduled to visit the campus and spea^ has announced that all Navy V-1 and V-7 men who are entitled to a refund because of re- before the student body, registration in an intensified schedule will be able to collect their money in about ten days. Hockema said that the visit scheduled for May 11 had been He stated that because of the many irregularities in registration this term the bookkeepers rather mysteriously postponed because Halifax had been have not yet put the books in complete enough order to make the refunds as yet, but that called to Washington for a special conference, presumably.
the field of pharmacy speaking on related subjects. Costello Speaks At Opening At the opening session Monday afternoon, P. H. Costello, Chicago, secretary of the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy, spoke concerning the war-time policies of the organization and the dangers involved m any lowering of pi’ofessional standards. Other war-time developments affecting pharmacy were presented by three nationally known leaders from Washington, D. C., F. F. Kelly, secretary of the American Pharmaceutical Association; Frank A. Delgado, head of the chemicals and drug price bianch, OPA; and Henry W. Heme, on leave pf absence from the University to serve with the drugs and cosmetics section oP^the WPB. ,, Hockema And Knight Speak On Monday night at the Druggists Business Conference dinner, the assemblage was addressed by Prof. F. C. Hockema, aEfeistant to the president, on the University’s part in the war effort, and by Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology, on the common lot of man. Tuesday morning the delegates of the Indiana Pharmaceutical Association re-elected all the officers of the organization. Stephen Badanish, of Gary, was re-elected president, Lee Harrison, Terre Haute, Wilfred Ullrich, Aurora, and Edward Wolfgang, Evansville, were renamed vice-presidents. Name Executive Committee In addition, the assembly also named the following members of the Executive Committee: Dean Miller, South Bend, chairman; Ru^ sell Losei’, Noblesville; Cecil Gough, Hartford City; Gordon Triplett, Osgood; Fred Wenzler, Fort Wayne; and Laurence Heustis, Indianapolis. Highlighting the afternoon session was a round-table discussion of retail problems led by Herbert Gerding, of Fort Waynp. Later in the afternoon at the closing session the delegates were addressed by J. Harold ‘Jones, inspector for the Indiana State Board of Health, E. N. Beesley, Eli Lilly Co., Indianapolis. Big Two-Week WAA Program Includes Swimming, Tennis A swimming meet and a tennis tournament will highlight the WAA program during the next two weeks. The amateur swimming meet will take place next Friday, May 21, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym with comedy and regulation races. No official practices are necessaiy so all coeds are urged to sign up in the Gym. Mixed recreation at the Women’s Gym tomorrow night at 8 p. m. will include the WAA splash party, games, and a free swimming poiiod following. Any coed may enter the women’s singles tennis tournament, starting lytonday. May 24. 'fhree piactices of one set each are required if WAA points are desired; otherwise, coeds need pot practice officially. Practice blanks obtainable at the Gym office are to pe filled out and handed in to Pat Carroll before Friday, May 21. Eta Kappa Nu . . . electrical engineering honorary, announces the election of the Charles H. Crouse, of Ft. Wayne; Vice President: Robert M. Scudder, of Waldron; Recording Secretary: William J. Nowill, of Dayton, Ohio; Corresponding Secretary: John P. Costas, of Muncie; Bridge Correspondent: Fred E. D o r m i r e, of Chalmers; Treasurer: John M. Merriell, of East Cleveland, Ohio.
Dr. Carl Bachman Discusses Phosphorus Production, Utilization At AlChE Meeting “Phosphorus industries cover a wide field and have expanded tremendously during the last few years,” said Dr. Carl Bachman, assistant director of research at the Commercial Solvents Corporation, Terre Haute, in an address to the student group of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers last night. In outlining the history of phosphorus, Dr. Bachman said that the clement was first dis-
covered in 1670, and that it was used commercially in 1680. First commercial production in this country was begun around 1910 by the ferrophos-
phoi'us pi'oces.s.
First Blast furnace pi oduction of
the substance was put into effect in 1929 and since then production of the various phosphorus acid salts
has increased tremendously. Dr. Bachman said that there were
three main types of production, by
the wet, or Dorr process, involving number to serve them on the board
the use of already manufactured phosphoiic acid, by the Electrolytic process in which the natural rock is processed and then electrolysed in the presence of feno phosphorus, and the third by smelting of the na-
tural rock with coal and sand.
Alloyed With Steel
Coeds To Vote For Freshman AWS Members In an election which will be held today from 10 to 5 in the Great Hall of the Union, first and second semester freshman coeds will select two representatives from their
Phosphoi'us products are used for a number of things according to Dr. Bachman. Largest tonnage goes into the alloying of phosphorus with steel. A laige use is in the manufacture of Trisodium phosphate for use as a detergent. New anjong the phosphorus compounds is tetrametaphosphate also used as a detergent which has only been developed for the purpose during the last eight years. Dr. Bachman said in closing that new research is possible in the field of blast furnace production by study of the possibilities of oxygenated coke. Mixer Honors Naval Officers Naval officers in uniform will bo admitted free to the third mixer of the summer term, to be held next Saturday in both ballrooms of the Union. The dance will be in honor of the naval officers stationed at the University. The backdrop will show a naval officer in his dress uniform, with his date standing at his side gazing at an airplane in the sky. Maiiiy Mahn and his orchestra will furnish the music.
of Associated Women Students for
the summer term.
Candidates who have been nomi-
nated by a petition bearing the signature of twenty-five freshman coeds are Pat Caylor, Barbara Fischer, Marge Galbreath, Phyllis Grams, Margaret Gi’eens, Caroline
Karges and Zelpha Schoen. First and second semester fresh-
man coeds must present their
schedule cai-ds before voting. Military Band Plays
For Hospital Memorial
University Military Band direct-
ed by Spotts Emrick furnished piusic for the observance of Nation-
they are working as fast as
possible.
To Refund^50 Per Cent Prof. Hockema stated that students who were registered in the regular program but have changed to the intensified schedule will be refunded 50 per cent of the fees they paid at regular registration, and that those students who went through the special session on Saturday morning. May 1, would be charged a special registration fee of five dollars. Those students who have to leave school before the completion of the semester and are taking the regular course will be refunded their complete funds ■^with the exception of five dollars for each week or portion thereof which they do
remain in school.
Sailors To Feature Sports, Music, Skits At Fieldhouse, 8 P. M. Sailors stationed at the Naval Training School at the University will present a program of boxing, music, and skits next Monday at 8
Ensigns Take Supply Officer Training At University's Cary Hall Naval Station
that in which Churchill is par-
ticipating.
Expected To Attract 6,000 Halifax will speak at a special convocation and is expected to attract approximately
Naval Electricians and ship’s cooks are not the only men' 6,000 students, sailors, soldiers, fareeciving training here at the training school these days since members and town people,
it is also serving as an indoctrination base for four Ensigns recently commissioned and awaiting training as supply officers. Ensigns Carl Ward pf Cleveland, Jerry Clifford of Milwaukee, John Connor of McComb, Mo., and Arthur Hill of Lincoln,
University Distributes
Rationed Butter
By Mary Jo Hablas
In spite of such signs as “Butter is rationed, Qne pat per person’’, and in direct violation of all rationing regulations, butter was actually being given away yesterday
on the University campus.
'Ihe guilty party is the Agricultural Experiment Station. In line with an experimeirfe* they are conducting in regard to consumers’ preference of the flavor of their butter, free “pats” were distributed to all interested callers at Smith
Hall yesterday afternoon.
Flavor Depends On Salt Content The flavor of butter 'depends on the salt content, the grade and the
p. m. in the Fieldhouse. The enter- culture. After sampling pats con-
tainment will include five boxing bouts by several former Golden Gloves winners who are now sta-
tioned at the Training School.
Most Popular Features
These /events were one of the
taining one per cent salt, two per cent, etc., the sampler is asked to decide which one appeals to him and state his preference to those in
charge of the booth.
A small slice of bread, individual-
Neb., are stationed at ihe Naval Training School as Floor Officers in the supply department, and they perform the procurment and supply of all equipment used by the navy. To Go To Harvard When their class begins they will learn the importance and application of their duties, and then they will go to Harvard University to take the training which will fit them for duty as Staff Officers in charge of Supply. Stationed in Cary Hall East under Ensign Hai’ry Mattin, of Brockton, Mass., they wear the crossed keys as insignia of their job. Under them are storekeepers, and it is their job to issue all equipment, and to take charge of pay distribu-
tion.
Oflicer Of Deck
Unlike regular staff officers they stapd watch as Officer of the Deck in their regular turn as do other officers of the line on active duty. Staff officers, that is those not performing actual fighting tasks, are not required to stand watch, except in emergencies; however. Ensigns Ward, Clifford, Connor and
Lord Halifax, who is officially known as “His Excellency, the right honourable Viscount Halifax, K. 6., G. C. S. I.”; will probably sp^nd a short time while he is here in looking over the campus, investigating the various scientific, agricultural, and engineering laboratories, the housing research campus, the University farms, airport and the Army and Navy training centers. Weekly News Film Convos Will End Thursday, May 27 Screen Reviews, a weekly news film convocation, will be anOtk@r war casualty at the end of the present month, according to an announcement by Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the Convocations Com-
mittee.
Due to the lack of students in school this summer and the small number anticipated at registration next fall, funds will not be sufficiehtT to provide for both the regular convocations and the weekly screen reviews, said Gunn. 'To Give Two More Programs After the presentation today, two more programs will be given in the Music Hall, one on May 20 and the
Hill gain extra experience through ^7'
most popular features of the first ly wrapped, accompanies each pat duties.
program of this type which was given on April 5. At that show the University Symphonic Band accom-
of butter, also individually wrapped. This is probably intended to make the dairy product more ap-
al Hospital Day at St. Elizabeth’s panied Yoeman Johnson while he petizing, but is a bad combination
Hospital. Opening the ceremony was a memorial for the late Dr. E. N. Kenton, who was the first Indiana doctor killed in World War 11. Also honored were former members of the St. E. Staff, both doctors and graduate nurses, who are now in the armed forces. Commander Hugh J. Bartley of the University Naval School and Lieut. Col. Rob-
whistled “Anchors Aweigh” and for calorie-conscious gix’ls.
Alice Blue Gown” from the musical comedy Irene. Seaman Bob Henk sang “Without a Song” and “Stout Hearted Man” by Ropiberg. Wrestling and boxing matches were also
featured.
The rest of the program will consist of music by the Jefferson high school band and by Harry Reed’s
To Make Further Experiments The experiment will be carried to the public, also. Booths will be maintained in the Piggly Wiggly stores'in Lafayette and West Lafayette. The entire project is under the direction of K. C. Boxell and
Prof. V. C. Manhart.
ert S. Riordan of the University orchestra, accordion and vocal
Military depai’tment, escorted by sailors and soldiers, took pait in the ceremonies. All Sfudent-s War stamps for the convocation and mixer featuring- Stan Kenton and his orchestra are now on sale in front of the Sweet Shop. Woolling.
solos and songs by the U. S. Navy
flight instructors glee club. Chief Athletics Specialists
Bernard I. Loft, chief athletics specialist, is in charge of the show, according to Commander Hugh J. Bartley, commanding officer. The program, planned for the entertainment of the sailors and their guests, will be open without charge to stu-
dents and townspeople.
Mudball hey there clarence i hear the m e faculty had a meeting they passed some rules about students class attendance i wonder how many faculty were absent —MUDBALL
Bartky To Discuss Work Of Copernicus Dr. Walter Bartky, Associate Dean of the Division of the Physical Sciences at the University of Chicago, will discuss “Copernicus, The Founder of Modern Astronomy” at an open meeting of Sigma Xi Thursday, May 20, at 7:30 in Room 211, Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. Bartky has acted as mathematics consultant for the Western Electric and other companies and is the author of a book. Highlights of Astronomy. In sponsoring this lecture the University chapter of Sigma Xi is participating in a nation wide celebration of the 400th anniversary of the death of Copernicus and the publication of his immortal work.
Student Representatives... Senate To Sponsor Student Elections Tuesday
By Art Hunter Sopohoinores and juniors will go to the polls next Tuesday to select 16 Student Senate representatives from then respective schools. Senate members will officiate at the election polls from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. in the “L” loom of Union, directly behind the west desk where the Student Union Book Exchange was located earliei' this semester. Eligible student voters must pies^ent their schedule caids as a means of identification in oidei to cast their ballot. Petition Deadline Monday Tomorrow’s 6 p. m. deadline for candidates’ petitions has been extended to 6 p. 111. next Monday at which time the petitions must bo returned to the Senate Office with 50 signatures of students in the school which the candidate desires to lepresent. However, 5 p. m. tomorrow has, been designated as the deadline for candidates to obtain their petitions and pay the one dollar fee to cover election coals.
Senate president, Don Thomas, yesterday reiterated his previous statement concerning the elections, emphasizing the need for student representation this summer with the increase in student war activities and urging all prospective candidates to obtain their petitions befoie tomoirow’s deadline. To Select 16 Pepresentativea To fill the the 16 representative positions, eight juniors and eight sophomores aie to be elected. Sophomores in the engineering schools will be allowed four representatives while sophomores in the following schools will ballot for one representative: Home Economics, Agricultura and Forestry, Pharmacy and Physical Education, and Science. Junior Senate members will be selected from the following eight schools or combinations of schools; EE, Chem and Met, ME, Civil and PSE, Ag and Forestry, Science, HE, and Pharmacy and PE.
'To Organize Committees In addition to their voting privileges in Senate meetings, newlyelected lepresentatives will be accorded a profitable outlet for their energies through their work on t^e various Senate committees, foremost of which is the lecently organized Student War Coordination Committee which was set up to carry out the Senate’s now policy of leading and coordinating all campus war effort activities. Other committees are delegated to the maintenance of the Senate lost and found department, handling of publicity and elections, selling. of senior commencement announcements, arrangement of special transportation facilities for students over holidays and the Handling of student petitions for University changes (student petitions presented to the University Executive Committee through the Senate were responsible for an extra day of vacation over the Fourth
last summer). Phillips Founded Senate The Student Senate owes its eleven year existence on this campus to the efforts of its present faculty advisor. Prof. R. Phillips of the history, government and economics department, who organized the Senate back in 1932 with the idea of establishing some form of student representation in University affiairs. In the above capacity, the Senate is the only body through which students may promote changes in University policy. Any student may, at any time, present to the Senate a petition signed by thi-ee or more students; and if the Senate passes this petition, it is recommended to the University Executive Committee for action on their part. Elections Held Each Semester The Senate is now set up, as are most of the major activities on campus, on a semester basis with complete elections held and ap-
pointments made each semester. In addition to the r.epresentatives chosen by campus-wide elections, eight Junior executives are appointed each semester by the senior board of the Senate. These executives are chosen from the elected sophomore membeis of the senate and from the' sophomore workeis who, although they have no voting priviliges, are eligible to compete for these appointive positions. Seniors Direct Activities Directing the activities off the Senate is the s^enior boaid composed of eight members, appointed each semester by the outgoing senior board. Officers of the Senate are elected by the Senate members themselves and must be members of
the senior boai'd.
Present Senate officers urge that all eligible students exer9ise their voting privilege in next 'I'uesday’s election involving the selection of representatives from every school
on the campus.
Screen Reviews has been a regular weekly feature for 4he past few years, and large numbfers of students have attended the three hour news show, in which two complete showings were usually accomplish-
ed.
YWCA Spring Retreat Will Open With Pknk Luncheon On Saturday Y.W.C.A. spring retreat will be opened by a picnic luncheon Saturday at 12:30 in back of the Stadiuffi at the picnic grounds. In case of rain members should report to the Y.W.C.A. office. The entire membership in invited to participate, as well as cabinet members, contrary to past practice. Installation of new cabinet members, election of a vice-president and planning the summer program will be the main business of the b^ernoon. There will also be gafitCs and a group sing. Dona Marie Irion and Martheila DuBois are co-chairmen of the Ijd^ing; Dona Mae Johnson and Bet^ Drake are food chairmen; Doris Hahnenstein will provide games and Jerry Bryant is chairman for the religious interval. Reservations may be left at the Y.W.C.A. box at the west desk !n the Union. M. L Ross To Wotk For Westinghouse Milfoid Nelson Ross, who re* cently graduated from the University with a tlegree in electrical engineering, has reported to the Wbhtinghouse Electric and ManufactytTing Company’s graduate studeht course. He was one of more than young men selected from col!o|fs and universities over the country to receive engineering experience bud; classroom instruction designed to fit him for future leadership ha the electrical industry and for active part in the Company’s war proii^etion program. Ross IS the son of Mrs. Jesse |l. Ross of Garrett, Ind.PurduS Exponent Thursday, May is, 194S ■*'
Pumiue Exponent
entices: Editorial and Business Purdue Meinorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, fleldhouse. Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Bonorary Editor....... Bonorary Editor., Bonorary BuoineSn Manager With the Coloro
. ,William 0. Hoskins Dole E. But?. ..Gerhard H. Kioumnn
g htss Mantiirer a Bditdr .i . dtiWar Editor. . . AdyertisIhe ManaRcr. Editor ;i*or...;..;
..Robert W. Boswinkle James G. Petty . ..Sally Beall Donald E. BreiTer ...A. Jane Kelm Joseph S. Datraon Jean I.fauer
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Ast&iate^^ditora: H. B. Abbott, C. C. Mnrtindell, E. F. MurW- H. Tyson, W. Vermilion, C. J. Wilbur. CocitlStitlt:'Ru^ Ford, Madelyn Grotnes, Katherine Howes. Spotta Staff; R. M. Lipes, R. J. Smith, C. E. Sowards.
Business Staff
Accdnnts Manaeer: Mary Dilts.
The Purdue independent EdItor-in-Chief.... :..Bert Squicr
Staff For This Issue >^ht Editor: Vermilion -.Sports Editor: Smith Editor: Howes Issue Editor: Georjreson Reporters: Sherry. Hablas, Jame.son, Spool;. Given, Kitcoff, GrUArttald; StetTcs. Ward.
Bptered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay-ette,'-indikna, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section llOS, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 2Q, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings durind'tbe year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.^ for a semester; by mail for $1.60 for a semester. Subscriptions may l^'chiained at the Exponent office or at the West Dc.sk of the Union. Represented for national adverti.sing by National Advertise ing Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Badison Ave., New York, N. Y.
e
GRIN AND BEAR It
By Lichty
B/ ME#
Tm u s Pdf . Off.
Naval Affairs Commiffea Hears Secret Report On Draft Dodgers; Winter Oil Rationing To Continue
You’re Wrong,
4fiss Saenger.. .
Occasionally there is heard a person who thinks the country would be better off if outspoken Eddie Rickenbacker were still out on a raft in' the Pacific someplace. Miss Martha Saenger, mother of the “Maybe I’m 'Wrong” column in the Ohio State Lantern, is of this opinion. After reading over Martha’s turbulent article, one would conclude it would be quite appropriate to leave the “Maybe” off her column head.
Miss Saenger says that Eddie Rickenbacker" wants to “increase our productive efficiency by increasing the hours of labor and by substituting the so-called bonus or incentive payment for overtime compensation”. The girl explains that this would not work, for if the men worked harder and produced more, they, would be paid less per piece and no one would be the winner. Our evening didn’t go so easy after we read Miss- Saenger’s column. We w'on’ied and fretled trying to discover why, if employees produced more, the country wasn’t the winner. Atiti We couldn’t discover where the young ladyha^-obtained her information about work
rates ftieipg reduced when quantity is in-
creased^. Martini, perhaps, doesn’t realize it, but that practice has been discontinued. llS^^the preservation of labor reforms was mentioped, we quit trembling so much and srhlled as we thought how some of the employees, Miss Saenger knows would look as they complained about labor reforms to a mess , sqrgeant who had a few tons of potatoes to
peel. '
Thte columnist says she is personally conceThbd With the identity of Eddie R’s supporterk We thought she meant by that that, perhaps that their motives might be rather sel-
fish,
as a matter of fact, Martha, the motives,, are selfish—if you consider desire for freedom from want, fear, religion and speeoh bejhg selfish and not rights of free men; for thq, supporters of Eddie Rickenbacker are the 136 miiiion citizens of the country who know tha.t even though' the Allies are gaining now, thp war is not won by far yet and production must f)e increased to insure that the gains will not, be terminated by the Africa nvictory. It would be well for Martha to meet the cotiiitry’s citizens sometime before the war is ov^r, ;^hd we would like to be with her when sh^ malces their acquaintance. Maybe we’re w.rqng too, Martha, but we believe tliat we would find most of the citizens are disgusted as hell at John L. Lewis and are very much in sympathy with Captain Eddie Rickenbacher, —r.w.b,.
SMuike, SildpiiA,
The World Over
AlpbasBador Litvinolf’s mission to Moscow may be firiRl. TljRi'e is about one chance in thi-ee that he will return. Seldom does a man who has fallen so far from ffivor as Litvinoff with Stalin return pei-manent-ly to power. . . . Military experts believe Germany is pi’RSsijig Finland to join a militai-y offensive against Leningrad. . . . Baron Mannerheim left Finland for Switzerland in the nick of time. If he had Stayed much longer, and if Finland collaborates fully with Gei-many as now appears likely, he would have been killed by Finnish opponents of collaboiation. . . . The Meiiican Government has seized Axel Winner-Gren’s famous yacht, “The Southern Cross,” which rescued survlvofs of the Athenia, for conversion to a patrol boaf^|ind submarine chaser in the Gulf of Mexico.
WASHINGTON—Secretary of the Navy Knox, who as a newspaper-publisher has broken many an embarrassing story akbut the Mayor of Chicago and various other bigwigs, is getting more and more addicted to bottling up the news. The other day he sat in on a meeting of the House Naval Affairs Committee at which it was decided to hush up a report by forthright Congressman Lyndon Johnson of 'Texas showing how some Navy officials had helped draft dodgers. The' report was similar to the investigation of the House Military Affairs Committee into draft-dodging. The Military Affairs Committee, however, has done its business completely in the open. There has been no hush-hush stuff. It has taken the position that the draft was the nation’s business, not to be discussed behind closed doors. Several months ago, however, Chairman Carl Vinson of Georgia, jealous of the prerogatives of the House Naval Affairs Committee, made a deal with Representative Andrew May of Kentucky, chairman of the Military Affairs Committee, whereby the latter would lay off of the Navy Department. / Soon after, a Naval Affairs subcommittee, headed by aggressive young Congressman Lyndon Johnson of Texas, ^hich has been probing Civil Service operations, was instructed to checkup on draft deferments of the Navy’s civilian employees.
The Ratio,
OPEN LETTKH TO THE ATO’S ~ ^ Will you please stop jamm’in on NotOS that d d horn? Or else play , _____
only request numbers from the
Marble Palace.
Flash! Puffed cheeks and mumbled words arc the passport to second floor North Hall this week. This high sign originated in the person of Shirley Innis, who has the mumps. Fellows, if your girl lives on second floor North Hall . . . Look Out!! Paul Fihe, Pi Kappa Phi, is back iii school again only to find that he is no longer in school . . . ain’t it confusing ?
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
Curtis s-Wright Corporation, Passaic, N. J.—May 13. Intere^|,ed in August engineers. - Dravo Corporation, Pittsburg, Pa. —May 17. Interested in August M.E., E.E., C.E. " • -
NOTICE TO PURDUE MEN WHO DATE SORORITY GIRLS Several of the little Greek dolls are holding open house for Vincent’s angina ... trench mouth to you . . . We thought when Dick Tucker, was cured the cases would stop. My, my how that stuff does spread!
5.-9 Keg- U- S
T don’t know what makes you guys think we would get more production if we had some women employees.”
Bombshells And Highjinks Representative Johnson did a thorough job, turned up some bombshell evidence about official highjinks in the granting of deferments to draft-age civilian employees of the Navy. One case involved a young, unmarried soda jerker, deferred by his draft board because of his prospective employment by the Navy in an “engineering” capacity. The soda jerker got his deferment, and also the job, largely because an influential friend in the Navy Department informed the draft board that he would 'fill an “essentidl” position. However, when Johnson’s report was filed three weeks ago, Chairman Vinson called a secret meeting of thb full Naval Affairs Committee—attended by Secretary Knox and Navy personnel officials which decided tocgive the Navy Department a chance to clean up the draft-dodging abuses cited by Johnson in private; without letting the newspapers in on the story. Chairman Vinson held to this position, according to Insiders, and Secretary Knox was quick to back him up. Apparently Knox and Vinson figure that the Johnson findings are too hot a potato to handle in the open; Z
Capifol Chaff When President Penaranda of Bolivia visited Washington he was hoping for one thing—-a higher price on the tin which we buy from Bolivia. He didn’t get it—thanks largely to patriotic American housewives who have been saving tin cans and who have helped get us enough tin. . . . War Transportation Director Joe Eastman is going to crack down on Sti Louis and Chicago anti-smoke ordinances by making them buy soft coal from nearby Illinois instead of harder coal from distant West Virginia. It will save a lot of freight cars. Also, it will not displease Congressman Calvin Johnson, of the Illinois coal regions, who had .a lot to do with convincing Eastman.
Frannie Fisher, constant eleniCnt of surprise to the Delta Gams, has done the inevitable. Half' interest in that sparkler on hpr left hand belongs to 'Bill Bottoniely, who leaves for the Army within the next two weeks. Congrats, Bill, you should lead an exciting liie.
These companies do not plan to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employment. ' ' Barber-Colman Go., Rockford, 111. —in'terested in EE., physicists. Battelle Memorial Institute, Columbus, Ohio—Interested in Ch.E., Met. E. Sign by Saturday, May 1'5. Stinson Aircraft, Wayne, Michigan—Interested in Engineers. Sign by Saturday, May 16. Sharpies Chemical Inc., Wyandotte, Michigan—I nt e r e s t e d in M.E. Sign by Saturday, May 15. Reynolds Metal Company, Louisville, Kentucky—Interested in Met. E., E.E., M.E. Sign by Saturday,
May 15.
Placement Notes For Women
And speaking of surprising DG’s, they looked high and low for their house president this summer and “Minkie” didn’t appear. Minkie had taken a short trip to Colorado to see her fiance, Don Melander, between semesters and the result was their wedding. T.ch. Teh. Mary Grace, after all that tallt about the impractibility of wai- marriages, too. Now it must be sane—let’s all get marriedb
Girl Scouts announce a $500 or $1000 scholarship to a,woman interested in working on her master’s degree and who does her field work in the Girl Scout office. Anyone interested should call Placement Service for Women, 2056, at once for further information and details. Lt. Anne Hatfield, WAAC from the Indianapolis recruiting office, will be at the University, Tuesday, May 18 in the west faculty Lounge of the Union at 4 p. m. to speak to girbs interested in learning more
about the WAACS.
Blonde bombshell of the CurtissWright Cadettes, Flossie Mooring,
took Ed Hammer’s De]t pin last r% n • week. And when the boys asked hjm £}/“. P. B. CUttlS
all the details he wouldn’t talk.
Why so secret, Ed? ? ?
Sis Wiley, Pi Phi joe girl,who annually carries off top honors as the first to wear white, spectator pumps, will marry Lieut. William Butler May 27.
“■We didn’t dress like that and work in war plants in my day.
Navy Mail Mrs. “Judge” Thurman Arnold, wife of the ex-trust-buster, has been concerned over mail service to her son, Thurman, Jr., now ,a lieutenant in the Navy stationed in the British West Indies. She wrote her son frequently, received complaints: “Why don’t you write, mother ?” Worried, she decided to take things into her own hands regarding Navy mail, invited to dinner Capt. John Gingrich of Under Secretary Forrestal’s office. After feeding the Captain on food which costa lot of the Arnold family’s ration points, Mrs. Arnold tactfully broached the question of mail. “You know, Captain,” she said, “little Thurman doesn’t rece'ive any letters from me and I write him two or three times a, week.” “No wonder,” interjected Supreme Court Justice Stanley Reed, an old friend of the Arnold’s. “Anything that you wrote, Frances, would never get by
the censor.”
Capt. Gingrich, however, promised to see what was wrong, felt sure the Navy was getting mail through to its men. Later, Mrs. Arnold, who tells the story on herself, made this.confession: “And after the Navy had been so nice, I found out what the trouble was. I didn’t put any stamps on the letters. I thought mail to service men, was free. So I got the letters back from the Navy marked ‘Returned for Lack of Sufficient Postage’.”
University Calendar Thursday/May 13
, To that rasped-voiced Union switchboard operator who was messing up calls at () o’clock last night and wouldn’t connect us with peanut crunching West Desk cigarette girl Billy Tolliver. Said Billy was busy and couldn’t be bothered. Told Vallely on her on her-—that's what we did.
.... of the agricultural chemistry department was elected chairman of the University section of the American Chemical Society for the year beginning June 1, 1943. , Other officers are: Dr. H. Hunt,” vice-chairman; Dr. M. H. Thornton, secretary-treasurer; Dr. T. D. Martin, national councilor. Dr. T. J. Allen will take office as chairman in June, 1944, and E. T. McBee will take office as national councilor on
January 1, 1944.
Buy War Bonds
8:00 P.M. Ind. Soc. of Prof. Engineers Room 263, Union
Saturday, May 15
10:00 A.M. Iiul. Coun. of Teach. Union Conf E. Faculty Lge., Union 8:30 P.M. Kappa Delta Rho Radio Dance Chapter House
Have you.noticed the newest thing in red heads, Cycenas, who specializes in'Home Ec, football, and WIMMEN; and his pal Mac Lehman, who is now. the last thing in blondes. . . . and we do mean the last thing.
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
Today's Screen Review
News—7 min. ..3:27—4:40 Cajuns of the Teche—11 min ...3:34—4:47 Diving' Dare Devils—10 min,.....;... ..3:45—4:58 Mighty Niagara—9 min .3:55—5:08 Community Sing—9 min. 4:04— Spirit of Annapolis—20 min... 3:00—4:1,3—5:17 Pluto and the Armadillo—7 min. .3:20—4:33—5:37 Out—5:44
FLASH ... Pete Swab, Sigma Nu. . . , ring. . . . Lucy Chaminade, Chi Omega. ... no time to write it. . . . you fill in the blanks.
1WIUGHT
. We leave you now with this cheering thought. If it stop.s raining long enough Happy Hollow may dry out.
ON THE
TRAIL
A Paramount Picture featuring
Try An Exponent Classified!
More Oil Rationing Now that most home furnaces are turned off for the siimmer, few oil-heater owners are worrying about their fqgl ration for next winter; Some evpn hope
there may be no rationing.
In fact, they were given some hope when IJ^etroleum Administration officials said there were enough deliveries to warranUan elimination of rationilig next
year. ,
That, however, was wrong. Real fact is that fuel oil will be rationed next winter. OPA is about to announce amendments of the regulations on rationing, and within the next two weeks they will be issued. Only change will be that the paper work for handling the ration permits will be greatly simplified, making the Government’s printing bill just one-fifth of what it was last year.
Air Notes
U. S. fliers in England are still skeptical of the new Republic P-47 fighter, saying it’s too heavy to handle. But its performance in the la.st raid gave it a better reputation. . . . As for that short-winged Martin bomber, the Yanks coined a name for it: “The Plying Prostitute—no visible moans of support.” In early performance, thi.s plane was so hot it had to land at a speed thirty-five miles an hour faster than the TOP speed of the best bombers of eight years ago. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
A $10,570 grant from the. United States public health service has been made to the Univer,sity of Texas John Sealy college of nur,sing.
TODAY - FRL -SAT.
WILLIAM eOYD
PLUS
Von HEFLIN Lionel BARRYMORE
STU GETS A DOWN PAYMENT ON LOVE, HONOR
Ruth HUSSEY
MARJORIE MAIN REGIS TOOMEY
■ STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
JACK BENNY KAY FRANCIS
CHARLEY'S AUNT — PLUS — SCOTLAND YARD — with — NANCY KELLY JOHN ZODER
with Andy Clyde • Brad King Wanda McKay Jack Rockwell
and-
— PLUS LATEST PATHE News
TODAY
■it';-
It ,
pa
* !'{0.
/
1^ iW
Boi(^p^q^er Sfyihrts
tiiriHiiM
HETTI^/^II^INS ELAY IN TOURNEY TODAY
ine Trounces St, Joseph, 14
Pive Riveters Entered
' ' '\
In Efig Ten Imk Meet Competing in their final meet of the current track season, five Boilermaker cindermen will make a bid for honors at the Western Conference meet which is to be held at Northwestern’s Dyche Stadium in Evanston, 111., tomorrow and Saturday. The lads slated to go, according to Hermon Phillips, local track mentor, include Bill Van Demon, quartermiler; Ben Harvey, sprinter; Spiridon Spciu, shot putter and discus Northwestern
thrower; Ken Blodgett, pole
Vaulter, and Dan McVey, hur- season for the Phiiiipsmen. Aidle runner. Fred Kinder Riv- some of the boys are expecteter miler who placed first in occasionally during that event in last Saturday’s quad- the summer, track practice is not raJigular meet, will not participate scheduled to be resumed until Sepin tlie Big Ten event because his job tember first, when Riveters will interferes with being engaged in in- prepare for their opening meet tercollegiate sports. Ken Blodgett about the middle of that month, is a n6w freshman hailing from Few Remain On Team Wiley High School of Terre Haute, Coach Phillips stated that one gnd has distinguished himself by hundred twenty-two boys started to being’ tied for fourth place in his practice in the cinder sport last fall, first collegiate meet, a six way af- but only about a dozen and a half of fiair, and by being tied for second those thinly-clads remain. This cgnplgee in the four team match here dition was caused mainly by the se-
last week.
mini, Michigan Favorites Illinois and Michigan are co-fa-Vorites to win the Big Ten outdoor
lective service act, and a few of the boys being graduated or becoming
ineligible.
The two coaches were quizzed in
track title. Both squads are expect- regai'd to their plans for the coming
ed to run up a total of more than half a hundred points, and it may take the relay, the final event on the card, to determine theUvinner. The half mile ruh is doped out to be one of the best events of the meet with nine ^outstanding cinder heroes
summer, and chief mentor Phillips stated that after the end of June he planned to run Pohagon Boys Camp, near Angola, Indiana. He has managed this camp for the past ten years, and enjoys his work very much. Homer Alien, on the other
scheduled to paiticipate in a heated hand, doesn’t plan very far into contest. coming events, according to his own
According to the present sched- statement.
FOR FUN, EXERCISE, AND HEALTH BOWLING IN THE BASEMENT OE THE PURDUE UNION
COME DOWN AND ENJOY YOURSELE AND RELAX IN THE BOWLING ALLEYS
JH fijuAdwL %nmL , The Corner of the Campus— Ye(f the Center of Activities
The
1 .r ^ t tim ' ^ I -
ijJiWSL
1 7^ - ■' J* pI;* ^ ‘'
By Joe Dawson
FmalBy, It Stops Rainmg After the usual spiing rains had washed out four games in as many days oMer the week end, the Boilermaker baseball club finally were able to play ball yesterday afternoon at St. Joseph. That previously imporl^ant Michigan seiies which 'i^as supposed to start last Friday has been completely marked off the books, much to the disappointment of the Riveter ciew. The game scheduled with St. Joe Monday was, of course, played off yesteiday. What will be done about the Wabash game which should have been played Tuesday afternoon still remains a question. Open Bag Ten Season Tomorrow Tomoirow the Boilermakers will once again try to open their Big Ten season—this time in the form of a two game series with the surprising mini at Champaign. Games will be played both tomorrow and Saturday afternoon. In all piobability Andy Phillip, the countiy’s greatest basketball player this past season, will be on the mound for Illinois in one of the games. Phillip was the big gun in the Illfni’s upset victory over the powerful Camp Grant nine last week. Just how tough the army team is IS shown by the fact that Don Blanken, former ace hurler with the Riveters and the Lafayette Red Sox, is ranked about fourth or fifth among the Camp Grant pitchers. Conference Track Meet Running a close “second” to the Riveter-Illini series as'far. as athletic importance is concerned this week end, will be the 43rd annual Big Ten meet up at Dyqhe tSadium. Ohio State’s defending champs have only one first place winner from last year returning this season, so are being given only an inside chance to repeat last year’s victory. Instead, most fans are expecting one of the closest races of all time between Illinois and Michigan for first place honors. If there is a nod either way, it is towaid Illinois because of their recent slim decision over the Wolverines
G2 to 60.
We'll Take Michigan Illinois is pinning its hopes on the shoulders of Herb Matter, its one man track team, and Bill Beile, the fieshman half miler Avho finished ahead of Michigan’s John Roxboiough in the recent dual meet. . . . Matter alone scored 19 of those 62 points. Heib is'considerably better than average in the low hurdles, 220 yaid dash, pole vault, high jump and broad jump. . . . But it is doubtful that he is the best man in the Big Ten in any one of these events. As a stab in the daik, we will take the Wolverines as the 1943 champion. Eight Teams Entered In Conference Tennis Tournament At Northwestern A wide open fight is in prospect for the team championship in the Big Ten,Tennis match which opens a three-day run on the Northwestern University courts in Evanston today. Eight schools have entered full teams, the two absentees being Indiana and Iowa whose terms have already ended. At least five teams—Illinois, Ohio State, Michigan, Chicago and Northwestern — are ac- , „ , ,, ,, corded chances of winning the , ^^ championship which will be folders for the past two years. Illinois rates as the pre-tour-nament favorite by virtue of being the only undefeated team in the
conference.
Coach Larry LaBree left yesterday with a squad of four men to cany the Riveter’s hopes in the Conference tournament. Making the trip with LaBree are Ed Wells, Gordon Gifford, Nate Laskin, and Warren Easley. Riveter Played One Match Thus far this season the Boilermaker net squad has encountered only one opponent, losing to DePauw at Greencastle in the season’s opener two weeks ago. The team was scheduled for a heavy dose of competition last week end, but the weatherman could not see fit to have the matches with Illinois and Indiana played. Consequently, the team enters the Conference championship play with practically no experience in collegiate tennis. Only Ed Wells has been a member of pievious varsity team. Easley, Gifford, and Laskin are making their first appearance on the Big
Ten court.
The mini piospects took a sudden surge upward on the strength of a 5 to 4 victory over Ohio State, the only loss suffeied by the Buckeyes this spring. Illinois has also conquered Michigan and Chicago who tied for lunnei-up honors last year. Team balance more than individual brilliance has been the secret of the mini success. The veteran Jim Lothrop will carry the mini'hopes in the No. 1 singles di-
vision.
Buckeyes In Running Despite its' loss to Illinois, Ohio State will be very much in the run-
CAMPUS MAKE-UP Ofc " \\ke Velvet
Powder and foundation in one. Sheer, even-toned, natural. Veils freckles and tiny flaws. Lasting ... but not drying, even
to sensitive skins!
Created in Hollywood for young skins and those that would look
young!
Sc:t(
COLLEGIATE SIZE .‘ 50c
Kennedy/ frrnscher Chyt In Fifteen Hit Attack On Putnas Playing on a sticky field at Collegeville yesterday afternoon, “Dutch” Fehring's squad ef Boilermaker baseball players continued the season with a perfect record by trimming tfee'St. Joe team for the third time this season in a game. The score resembled a fair to middling bas-
ketball game. Riveters 15; St. Joe 7.
The game was featured by thirteen extra base bits, the Boilermakers garnering the lioa’s share of the drives. Three of the Boilermakers, Duffy Friend with three hits in four times
bat. Bill Burghardt with three the receiving. On Saturday, either
Tlur 0 1. J 1 hits out of five times at bat, Timm or Irv Claseman ’«vill mpty
® and Jim Jennings with three
■ out of six times at bat were the
top hitters for the Riveters. Two Riveters also smashed out a pair of home runs. Jack Kennedy, and Jack Irmsher garnered
the two swats. The hit by Kennedy Jennings lb 6 was undoubtedly the hardest hit Burghardt ss S ball of the game. Bill Burghardt, Ehlers, 3b 5
makers.
Box Score The box "score of yesterday’s
game
PURDUE AB Friend, If 4
Fraernity Tennis Singles Thursday, May 13, 4:30 Court— 1— Pi Kappa Phi vs Delta Up-
silon
2— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs
Sigma Nu
3— Phi Kappa Psi vs Kappa shortstop took second honors with Wright rf .. .. 5 " ’ a threebagger that the shortstop Irmscher 2b 3
stated “Would be rolling yet if it Burger, cf 5 hadn’t hit a school building in cen- Claseman c 3 ter field. Hesse, c 2 Hodges Poles Homer Timm, p 2 For the St. Joe sqdad Hodges, Misselhorn, p 1
Thi Kappa Tau vs Phi Delta third baseman netted a fourbagger Kennedy, p 1
ir
2 2
Delta Rho
4— Phi Gamma Delta vs Kappa
Sigma
5— Theta Xi vs Phi Kappa 6— Alpha Chi Rho vs Beta Theta
Pi
Theta
12— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Alpha Sigma Phi 13— Phi Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa Alpha 14— Sigma Pi vs Beta Sigma Psi 15— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Alpha Tau Omega 16— Sigma Alpha Mu vs Theta
Chi,
17— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Tri-
angle
18— Sigma Chi vs Delta Chi 19— Delta Tau Delta vs Acacia Fraternity Tennis Doubles Thurs., May 13, 6:45 Court— 1— Lambda Chi Alpha vs Kappa Sigma 2— Phi Kappa vs Beta Theta Pi 3— Phi Delta Theta vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 4— Phi Kappa Psi vs Alpha Sigma Phi 5— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Phi 6— Alpha Chi Rho vs Sigma Pi 11— Theta Chi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 12— Phi Gamma Delta vs Beta Sigma Psi 13— Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Alpha Mu 14— Kappa Delta Rho vs Alpha Tau Omega 15— Sigma Nu vs Theta Xi 16— Pi Kappa Alpha vs Phi Kappa Tau 17— Triangle vs Delta Chi 18— Acacia vs Sigma Chi
for the host squad. Thi-ee hurlers took to the mound for the Boilermakers during the game. Ed Timm started the fracas, pitched four innings struck out four and walked one, Ed Misselhorn pitched the next three innings netting three putouts and walked one. Big Jack Kennedy took the mound for the last two carkos and struck out four, and walked one. Boilermakers To Urbana Yesterday provided the Boilermakers with their last chance to tune up before takiijg the road to Urbana tomori'ow where they will encounter Andy Phillips and his mini mates in a two game series tomorrow and Saturday. In the belated B\ig Ten opener for the Riveters, Dutch Fehring will probably send Ed Misselhorn to the mound, with Walt Hesse to do
J. Martin, rf 0 A. Martin'’’ 1 Totals 43 "Batted for Timm in 3rd. ST. JOE AB Judge, ss 4 Reichert, If 4 Hodges, 3b 4 Ellsperman, cf 5 Boyle, lb 5 Scollard, rf 5 Murphy, 2b 2 SteckschulU" 1 Sokol, 2b 1 Bernhard, c 4 Sandrick, p 1 Kuhjuda, p 2
14 15
H 'd 0 2 2 3 1 0 ’ 1 0 1 0 1
7 iXl
Totals 38 Batted for Murphy in Sth^
Purdue 442 005t St. Joe 103^081 ^2
—
Financing Physical Education Programs In Wartime Colleges Editor’s Note: In the following article Major John L. Griffith, €hinmissioner of Athletics, does not attempt to suggest what may when gate receipts fall off, but what has actually happened in iluiny w the nation’s colleges and universities.
It has been frequently suggested that we should not finance our physical training programs with money collected spectators who witness the various college games. Some have made this suggestion undoubtedly feel that if
Sigma charge admission to our games that the colleges and ttinirll*-
sities would appropriate^ the that was spent m bmldihg: wM money necessary to carry on houses, swimming pools, and'stad; the physical training pro- iums, and in conducting thfe'|jograms. grams came from gate receiup. We have never seen any- Now then, when war eondiIiohi( thing wrong in this system prevail even though there is atnlHd that we have been following in our evidence that our athletics eafi schools and colleges from the be- should be utilized as a ginning, but even if it would be bet- v , . x ,. « ^ f helping the war effort, a
ter to have our athletic programs . , ^ L , Big Ten competition this financed in the same what that rhe- college presidents abolisn^me
toric, chemistry, and Latin are fin- sports programs for the durad||L" anced there still remains a question When the war is over, ’’we" ni^b
ning for both the team and individual titles. In Bob Wasserman, a sophomore, the Buckeyes have a leading contender for the singles championship. Wasserman, who hails from Stamford, Conn., won the 1941 New York Metropolitan Junior title and has been undefeat
ed
spiing.
Three other newcomers have figured prominently in Ohio State’s rise to a commanding place in the Big 'Ten tennis picture. Charlie Samson, a freshman from Portsmouth, Ohio, holds down the No. 2 spot in the Buckeye lineup, while the Franklin brothers, Aris and Alex, sophomore and freshman respectively, play No. 3 and No. 4. NorthwesteVn will enter the meet minus three lettermen from last year’s championship team. Seymour Greenberg, twice winner of the individual title, and Harrie Hall bave graduated, while Bobby Jake, who paired with Greenberg to win the doubles championship last year, is in military service.
which is pretty much being answer- that whenever anychie ed these days. that it is wrong is use gatg What we mean is this; namely, to finance a physical training that possibly a hundred colleges gram that someone else iKm lEltand universities have given up all mind him of whab actually IialiMkor part of their intercollegiate pro- ed in the yeai’s 1941,1042, and gram's. Some of them frankly and We mean what happened Wihtfr honestly have stated that the rea- physical edication progYaniSj.;In son for abandoning their programs many of our institutions. '
was that they were afraid the gate receipts would decrease and it would be necessary for the university and college treasurers to pay the deficit incurred. Others, not quite so honest and frank, gave other reasons for giving up their prog'rams. Some, of course, had very good reasons. The point we wanted
Iowa Coaches To Aid In Clink
Lawrence^ (Pops) Harrison itod John (Waddy) Davis," whp w'ife head coaches of University of
^ ^ . , • . to bring out, however, was this ———„ .... Capt. Bob Goodkind, a senior, i§ the ,, , . • • i., i tu n j u n ^ 'i* , ^ 1 • that in a ciisis athletics are, gen- basketball and baseball te&mk IR
lone member of the 1942 champion-
ship team returning.
Downs Strengthens Wildcats The Wildcats were strengthened by Naval Aviation Cadet Roger Downs who served his freshman ap-
erally speaking, abandoned if they 1942-43 for the first time,
cannot pay their own way. When times are good and peace prevails the coaches and athletic directors are, as a geiieial rule, able to raise enough money to carry on their
pienticeship at IWmois but was as- sports programs. In the last fifty connection with the state 'Kt signed to Northwestern when he years comparatively little of the school tonrtmmBnf
enlisted in the Navy Air Force. Downs, a contender for the individual championship, has lost only to
Wasserman of Ohio State.
appointed on the staff of tfed ' school baseball clinic at Mbnldil May 22 to 25. 'U The clinic is held by tha iidVa High School Athletic associating ik
years comparatively little of the school tournament. Harrison'*.., money that has been used in finan- years was Iowa freshman haao^ cing sports programs has come coach while Davis coaehofi 4#iSrM from tuition or government ap- at Washington imivoYstty propriations. The bulk of the money joining the Hawkeye’sports‘P' ‘
y iss*
t ?■
I ^ ^
/ij
T' 1
Page 4
Purdue Exponent
w'
Thursday^ May 13, 1943
4-
Southworth's Began In 05
As Junior Student Union
tions, photo interpietation, air liaison, camouflage detection, and other tucks of aeiial tiade Fiom Hai lingen the officeis will he sent to join combat teams
Get Your Passporl
Hilarious Eds Ofien Played
Hookey At "Book Store'
ment on the subjec
Thiitt se\en veaife ago, Ray M Southwoith, with R A Jacques as his paitnei set up a ‘depai tment stoi e ’ which
Softball Rules Set By Intramural Office
sened also as a student centei Such facilities is boiling illcis in the basement ai lulitoinm and a plav shop on the second fiooi i lunch loom ai d i sod i fount iin jno vided entcitainnicnt foi the hilaii ous eds of 05 and then d ites 1 ormerl\ Depai tment Store In fact Ml Kidgle'v slated it was such a complete depiitment stoie that the college glamoui I o\ of that veai would cone ii it foui in the ifteinoon bin the 1 itest stile in mens habeidashei v fiom Mi Soutlnvoith and latei in the eve ning while his date complimented him on his lashing i \\ pHid Mi Woodwoith \ oul 1 seive them i loot beei special But tod i\ the only thing that co ild possibly leiniiid >ou of the good old dais is the panel of coloied gl iss on which is painted Southiioiths Depai tment Stole and even that is concealed by the inolein sign Sobthivoiths Puidue Bool Stole by which new college students lenin to lecognize Southwoith s Bought B> Bookstore Company Ml Jacques sold out at a latei date to Ml Soutlnvoith iilio nn the stole until his death seven yeais ago Mis Southiioith then seived as piopiietoi until 1940 yt this time the M'^ilcox and Follett Co of Chicago which owns seveial othei college book stoies m the Big Ten bought Southiioiths fiom the oiiginal oivnei s wife Mi Rid gley with the assistance of tiio lo cal boys Robeit M iley ind Mm Chailes tool ovei the inanagei ship Information Booth During the past few ye us the stole has undergone many changes Today a Recoid Spot Ridio De paitment and Gift Shop intiigue the students of the 1940 s Mi Ridgley desciibed Soutlnvoith s unique nay of gieeting the fiesh men It is by means of an infoimi tion booth iiith the best lool n g gills on campus to answei th^ii many questions and to hand out hello gifts Ml Ridgley said that he was lathei suipiised to lieai how many questions the uppei classmen had to asl He thought that maybe the questions weie due to the stole s method of giving out infonndtioii Also at this time everyone visiting the store was asked to fill out an infoimation cud w^ich was then filed in South worths Who s Wheie Hiisdnec tory IS foi students use until the official student dnectoiy is publish ed Managei Ridgley stated that the two oddest lequests of customcis weie those for a lace night gown and a hoise collar
b
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
U, S Treasury Department
Cadet joegene Biberstine
foimei University student has been transfeiied to the N ival An Tiaimng Centei, Corpus Chiisti, Tex aftei successful completion of the primary flight tiaining course at the Naial Air Station ht Glenview,
Lt. James B. f4eff foimei Univeisity student, was giaduated May 1 as a membei of the fourth class of the Pacific Coast Tiaiispoitation Coips Officers’ Training School at Camp Stoneman Calif The purpose of the school is to fuithei instruct Transpoitation Corps officeis in the mission and functions of Aimy Supply Lt Neff IS assigned to 7th Zone Tianspoitation Office
ile They Last
Bi Shnlci MilR
FeM students who \i<=;it Southwoith’s Book Store, know of the mteiestmg histoiy of this stoie, t\hieh is the oldest book shop on the campus Mi Lj le C Ridgley, the managei of the store, heaid about its beginning fiom Mis Ray Southwoith, wife of the late ownei of Southwoith’s, and wijl tell anyone of the stoie’s oiigm, if he is gueii the least bit of encourage-
;t
at Coipus Chiisti Cadet Bibeistine will be eligible fm the wings of i Naval Aviatoi ,
By Ken Wendell Commandei H J Bartley Com manding Officer of the U S Naval tiainmg school at the University has had a varied life in the U S Navy beginning during the first World W^ar In the first conflict he seived on supply ships and transports tal ing food rnd armaments to the allies in Europe and then on duty lor the
Capi. Edwin F. Whifrney a University graduate of 1936 in the School of Science wis i mombei of the first class of officers to receive renal observer s wings at the Haplingen Army Gunnely Schools At Brooks Field they were schooled in aerial photography visual reconnaissance artillery fire correction radio and signal communica
Pvt. Charles William Stall a University graduate of the December, 1942, class has been temporarily detainfed at camp to act as an instfuctor after graduating from pre officers’ crndidate school at Camp Robinson, Ark He will teach voice and command, as well as physical training and tactics Stall will be remembered as an announcer for WBAA While m training Stall set a new record for the 11th regiment of which he was a member by winning a rifie competition He scored 180 points out of a pos sible 200 which was within one point of the camp record
Passports are still available at the ticlfet office in the fieldhouse, according to C S Doan manager of ticket sales Since these identifica* tioii cards are of a uniform design, there will be no issuance according to class as there has been m the past All students are advised to call for their identification cards for the summer term activities as soon as possible
Cadet John R. Hurley former University student and resident of West Lafayette, has been giaduated from the An Forces Advanced Flying School as aerial bombardier an^ commissioned a 2nd
lieutenant Hurley has beep placed on active duty
The entry bl ml for SOFTBALL IS duo in the Inti rmuial Office not latei than noon Saturday May 15 Vll reams mil pi ry r ten g line legulri schedu e Piacticc games mil be on Mo id ly May 17 and Wednesday M ry IJ it 6 15 All games are scheduled to start at C 45 Regulai games will start Mon day M ly 24 C et the official score bool fiom Checl o it M indoiv befoi e 4 p m the d ry of the g ri le \11 g tines five innings Fi I the map showing lo cation of diamonds on the Intra mill, il Brillctn Poai 1 reims sup ply own officials Offici Is selected nr ri 1 0 1 emoved on p otesi of eith Cl team c ipt iin A copy of the rules houl 1 be rr h rnd for each game (!) The N ition il Softball rules ( cvised J n 1 ) )) will 1 e the play 1 lilies Lo tbis>eii mth the foi lowing exceptions A 12 li ch ball iv 11 be used b Loc tl giound lules Fly balls over c till ough the fence on the eicn nil ibeied diamonds (2 4 i etc ) re good for two bases only c No bunting illowed d 'k base rinner may not score from thud on a pissed ball e Base runners may not leave then bases until the ball has reach e 1 the baiter f No metal ekacs oi spil es al lowed on shoes (2) If you no not satisfied with the officials woik borrow soi loone liom a nearl y diamond to finish the game All pi otests mu^t be made in wiiti to the Inti imui il Director w itliiii 48 hour s (3) Pe sue to letuin the core bool to ihe Inti imni rl Office im mediatelv following the game so the le lilts 111 y be pibli he 1 in the Exponent
Mha wa Mich ui States ath lo e ks \ ippaic tl Oh c V osleia 1 Uniie s tj ■' g un lose] h S ocl voter i bpiitan p tchei left he e unpus hei e foi the N ii All coil just wlen Coach John Iv< bs te iin w is stilting the season Assigned to Ohio M esley in for tl linn ,, Stioel i w is inimedi tell pie sed into service bv the Bislioi s i 1 ] oeeede 1 to give i eonvincin i itehiim demonstration Joe m Le Kibs th it in h s first g line i seven innm„ nightcap to i do il le heidei mth Oberlin he tool erie of the fust 18 men to f lee him 12 via still eout route Then three men bunted s ifely ind i fourth m n got a single that scored two 1 uns Stiocl 1 then accounted lor the next three men but his te ini lost the ga ne 2 to 1
Navy he s iw th'^ Riissi in Fioiir at Arch 4.ngel and long the Dima River Further south along the 11 ive River and the Asiago Pateau on the Italian Front fio also wit nessed fighting After the armistice his ui it was moved to the Fiench German boi dor and in the autumn of 1J19 he ii as sent Iron e to the United St it°s where he iesum° 1 civ 1 life Tal ing leil estate is his chosen field he I ec ime estiblishc I in civil lie residing n loledo although 1 eepn g his co i ections w th the Navy thiough the nival iCoCrve Fachyeiihew s ssgne’toeiiu c oil legulai nivil vessel In IJ 1 B Utley i as ajapoi ited battalion comm indei ol the 2nd Prttilioi Fist 4.1 ea N nih i iv il d bti ict dll ICC lied to active duty in May 19 1 when he was as igncd to the L S N ivy Sigi al Yoeniaii ind Stoi cl eepers school t To' lo i Exec it \ c ofliec 4.ftci his appointment he o in I iniiaiv when ho relieved Com mandei HorbeiL M Hi^it c mini del of the school since it ince] on li t May he assumed lesponsibili ties required of i ship s captain To the officeis ind men in C i y Hall he is the C apt i i ind h is is his duties the inspection of the lien the seat is ju 1; e it the C p tuns mist i jiichciiiy coiit for minoi olfensos in 1 the direetioii and responsibility for ill ictioisof the U S S Cary H ill
a
caiitiin who is stitioned it Pratt Field K ns
Shoitage ol itJiletie equipment at mil y of the milituy posts is men tioned 1 y I lent L E Gibbs foimei Michig in St ito College baseb ill
Myiton Vinleimeei i lortb 11 tut under ( o icli Jim ( i owley and Coach Chulie B ichm an is now i m ijoi stationed somewhere in Af 1 le i V indeimeei iv is a put time rs istant foot) ill eo leh beloie en teiing the umj
N ition il ■■ e t ng h rnoi u v innounees the elec nn oi the I rl lowii oil eeis ici the suiimer teim I os 0 Shiclelei S / nn h u piesiclent Rus el H lie Al| h i 1 ill Omeg i first vice pi ulent Williim G I rglc Phi Ki | see ond vice president C ii 1 Wi i lei Bet i riiet i I 1 eei et uy tl c i i ei u d 1 111 ton Kuel C ii y H ill eo oi di 1 it)
two Joimei Micnig in St ite Col lego bisebill te imnntes loeitcd e leh other in England Hu old ((bun) t utlibertoi ol 1 lint is a Red ( 10 s leeie ition diieetoi over se IS f ipt i n A thru Iv R uise is lit iche 1 to the u mi s sc i vice of suiiplv ( L thi e t on w si ] 11 e 1 to leecivc i tel j'loi eill I oni Reuse Ol e d ly leeeitli im’ they piomiitly 111 npel i reunion I oiiso 1)1 lie 1 t'lii i 1 1 e in 1 Cuth 1 n Is 1 ee) 1 1 i c ( the s i ire te im hero
fheie mil 1 e i 11 eti 1 II fieeis Thui 1 ly Tl ij r iL 7 jr in the Swedish I nn ge )f tl e I i Buildup
Due to lieivi i ns th iivei his 11 ng t the 1 te oi iboi t 2 le t I ei h )i i n 1 piob li ly w ill i ise t) 21 loci with] 1 the i ext 1 ly c i t ccoidng lo 1 u 1 I cbm 11 wc rtl ei )1 sen ei Y esie 1 y u( 1 n it h i 1 i i t ]7il cL iiid ) V I tei noon 1 e ich e I lire ] ) it levc 1
llv\ \N I XPGM N i ( I \S'-11 il D
YoS£!’ bi( ilCADQUAin I ils \\ t c an y cl < om()k U iuic ol
KE( OK OS I Fulfil 1!
MUSK
!
Kcx I Steele i )i mci ly a e ijrt un tt lehe 1 to the rmvs genei 1 heulquiiteis in Austi ili i his won tie commission )i n ij i Mi])i Steele oi Deti )it wh ) ioimeily i in the fill lies it Miehigin Side re eei ill e< mi Icte 1 in ii iieetion ol the i 1 (1 i, 1 1 es n New Gi me i
Notice
2 ( 1 HSM sl J Aihiim
'|MH I!
2 llciasua! { 1 OIK h
INS 1 KIJMUNI S ( onii S ix 0!<!i U()i nt J K »y Su inf« {{iHi A<iOlutons (yialcU s I \{H I 1 P UI !{r<
AC
5 SSCUUi s R« < <la Sit iiijr; 1 I hi Muie 1 (I i ol Olhd I
1 111
1 o! ^ oiii 1 nil! i tiiiini ul lie at
Smilcis ioi both lushmiii iiid \ usilj b skctbill min hue III t Hilled 1 hose wlio hue weifeis eoniing in ij „et (hem it the i itsdy eheekout window in the sub basemont ol the 1 leld house
HAVE SIMFSOlN Piirdiu Gli( (h(h htonpant I I i«1 y ilK! (lay It om ^ to j P M
Mam
Ph 7917
Thoughtful
Ex Cary Club Mcr W! o have lived n Caiy Hall for Co r i inoi emeHtein and are not oignn z I i y make application for Absociat Mcmh r h ] in Caiy Club to Jin Bo vc Room 430 C t ^ —POWI N
Secretaries of Honoraries and Organizations Pita t 1 r ne yo i c i y foi yoiii page in the Debris to tl Debris Woil sl op immeliattly If y u h vc n t been conta tod abo t VO 01 y 1 1 u tall at tl t Debris ofTce loc KlNrSCH
Rcffi tral on Worktib ^t 1 ts who o I 1 1 th R I- I 1 I 1 i, tl S immer 1 in R e f I V It II th 1 thetks
s t tl R I
War (nuncti M t s 11
ei ne e S(1 1 ■ I y M J 11
Kai pa Delia I el t
—blONI y M y 13 niLiIR 3 1 ni
U 1
ISUI
lay
Ui
op
to
There
f Ann Shepherd appears very pert and pensive as she ponders the problems that confiont her as Isabel Mason on the WLW serial “Just Plain Bill’’ heair' each Monday thiough Iiiday r 4 30 p. m, CWT.
EJutat I St I It ts I
D tu 1
r 1 J f tl u 1) I a tm R 1 y
n t nj, iitxt 1 00 n 307 tl b tiology 1 hi ms of f I t 11 1 t 1 JOHNSON
11 1 u per Mt II y II
ti e ( Tl] 1 ory Pri
MatDONALD
Chemstrv It V I
C I lit I exami 1 1 Sat rd y 1 II ht bt ob
PPARCF
I Ae S M J H
Town f'lls who iveic in school last teim and w ii ue st II hoie ue invite 1 tr joi t'lc Pee Gets oi then fust voci il ovei t I the u i mci sts 0 a irfoi ill c ill cut Sill 1 ij k'^ai K li 0 I hi gl Is will meet in the Mon en s Cvm i 1 CO p ) q to ilic W \ V c 1 lie tin I 11 g bcioit b Activ lies ie the urn re or mil 1 e I 11 1 G I it the meetii e 1 h c te I in Ol q sl oi 1 1 sign the 1 in cs and depe it ten cents t the wet desl in the Lnion 1 cf 10 itui ' ly noon In c i e 1 1 un the i le t+int pi ee \ 11 I e cl el
n rh irfaduy t Wc t I acuity In I rla t meeting
T\pcMrters A 1T ng macn nos all makes •JoJ J r f t d r f an I nd i urchasod Mtmeo r h w il io C J Fbcrfahofl UOC Main, I af y ttc n 0 ^ 0
Money to Loan Or diamonds watcher 1 EE Et tyi ex r ters Alberts Loan Otl cc 40 Col mb a
H anted—St id n 1 M v r Puiduc Exp nent \\ \ ly Exp nciit ollicc r call R G Sn ol
-N c Ac
loom f I tw Toys n U on 1 hone
ize Advertisers
F or Kent—'s p-l i 1 1 fa t a 1 'Hi ) 21 S J
i fit floor pr vato lal 1 to ■women or I holt 41 JIl
Wa? te 1—\ t r
I atom ty house Call I n 1 1 Phone 7 24
D O YO U
GIT?
Sufamdfec/ by Robert Ross Cooper Boston Un versity, Class of 43
••iC bk
M CKS
Address:. College Dept., Fepsi~Cola Co,, Long Island City, hi. Y,
Pepsi-Cola Company, Long Island City, N Y. Bottled locally by Fi;anchi$ed Bottleri,
I It