SERVICE PAGE Features Article On AST Officer
Established 1889
Volume 56, No. 84
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indian^
Thursday, December!, 194^
Passion Play Troupe To Give Two Performances P. E. Department Suspends SDX Names i-ge company ro i/.e 725
All Classes For One Week
By Pfc.'Morris Better ,
For some it may be a late Thanksgiving; for others, an early Christmas but for all it’s the biggest news short of a Nazi surrender. There’s a padlock on the Fieldhouse! All PE classes, according to an announcement from the Student Health Service yesterday, have been suspended for one week effective this morning! The fact that the action was precipitated by a minor cold epidemic, hasn’t caused any mounful acceptance of the news. According to Doc Miller, the service naan’s friend and director of the Student Health Service, the Fieldhouse will remain — — -
“und’er quarantine” until next Thursday morning. “The prevalence of respiratory ailments on the campus,” he said, “has brought about the temporary suspension of athletic activities as a precautionary measure against further spread of coughs and colds.” First to bear the brunt of the edict, yesterday’s two o’clock Army class milled around the locker room cage in a state of confusion and dismay. Many refused to believe that the news was not just a hoax perpetrated to get the men restricted for cutting a class. Others, a few, let well enough alone and accepted the news, unemotionally, at its face value. Anxious to get to a typewriter with his scoop, the reporter dashed off without getting any reactions from Navy and civilian fellow sufferers. According to M. L. Clevett, the suspension of classes excepts no ^oup which has any occasion to use the Fieldhouse. Accordingly, all Army, Navy, fraternity and ward intramural basketball schedules are likewise suspended for the duration of the quarantine. Planned Recreation . . . will be held for all students and service men at the University Presbyterian Church from 7 to 10:30 p. m. tomorrow evening. Those attending the Passion Play will be welcome tb join the group after the last curtain. Dancing, gapies and refreshments will be free to all.
Grifl To Open Monday At 4
WRH Will Sponsor Christmas Formal
For Dancing Dante December 4
Beginning Monday the Grill or Officers’ Club will be open to couples who wish to dance each week day afternopn from 4 to 5:30. Admission will be by passports or recreation cards. Music will be provided by the juke box and since the crowd has to be limited somewhat, students and service men are asked to cooperate. Dancers will be allowed to take cokes from the Sweet Shop to the Grill, but not sundaes or other foods. AIEE Will Meet Today To Nominate Officers AIEE will meet in the reading room of the Electrical Engineering Building this afternoon at 4 to make nominations for officers. Bob Williams, present chairman, is in charge of the meeting. New Passports New students should pick up passports at ticket office today, December 2. They mupt present receipts for fees to get them. —DOAN
All Male Civilians Face Same Quiz By Friends
By Stafford L. Swing, Lenoir Rhynean Why aren’t yoij in the Army ? When are you going into the army ? How do you manage to stay in school ? Boys now attending college probably spend more time answering these questions than they do answering any two quiz questions. The questions are hurled at them unrelentlessly by friends, by military men, by everyone. Greeting the student home for a week end is the old question which each has grown to dread: “Why aren’t you in the army?” Many dread going home because they know that any chance meeting with friends will bi’ing forth this question immediately. A typical scene of a collegian home for a visit: “When did you get in?” “Just a little while ago.” The interrogator then sweeps the student from head thHoe and, finding nothingjyrong, continues: “Why aren’t you in the army?” Well-meaning people, yes. They are only curious, but little do they know the forces they set to work inside the individual. These questions invariably renew the fierce battle that has already been fought within the individual. Of course he tells why he is still in school. He is either doing premedical, pre-chemical, pre-theolog-ical or some other work for which the government has seen fit to defer him. A few are under the age limit and still others are in 4-F. But great is the battle out of which grows the resolution to continue studies until called. All of these boys know many in the thick of battle. “To go” or “to stay” must be decided regularly. At times
they decide to go, for all of them have this desire deep in their hearts. But careful thought usually leads them to stay on until the next round of inner battles. Recently one Lenoir Rhyne student, being unable to settle the question for himself, went to his local draft board and asked which would be beiter for his counti'y, for him to enter service or for him to continue his studies. He was told promptly that the government would prefer him to continue his studies. Students deferred for studies are as much a part of the war effort as soldiers. If this were not true, there would be no deferments. But still many continue to call this group of United States citizens draft dodgers. These people must awaken to the realization that trained and educated leaders are needed now and will be needed immediately following the end of the conflict. Now they are needed, and not three or four years after the
war.
Studehts’ lives are at present, and will continue to be, a series of mental battles in which they receive vei-y little outside aid. They must fight this constant battle while at the same time doing added work in the speeded up educational program. So, whenever you are tempted to make a satirical statement, when you are ready to, seriously or not, think of these students as draft dodgers, remember that they a)'0 sensitive, a tender spot for this involving issue. Give them encouragement, give them strength. They need it.
WRH will sponsor its annual fdrmal Christmas dance, the Snow Ball, this Saturday from 8:30 to 12 p. m. in the recreation rooms of North and South Halls and in the grill of Wood Hall. Betourne’s Band will play in South Hall and the music will be carried to the other halls by a public address system. Carrying out the theme pf snow and wintertime, the decorations will consist of a dark blue backdrop with a white snow figure, blue streamers with cotton hanging from the chandeliers to resemble falling snow, and two life-size “snow” fig-
ures.
The committee in charge is made upof Betty Glass, South Hall, WRH social chairman; Beth Delts and Marilyn Glenn, social chairmen of North and Wood Halls, respectively, and the social committees of each of the three halls. Carpenters, Paint Crews Make Final Sets For Playshop By Peg Steffes Frantic last minute preparations for “The Pursuit of Happiness,” scheduled for performances on December 9, 10 and 11, have transformed Fowler Hall into a minor Grand Central station. Droning voices from the upstairs rehearsal room turned out to be Carl Cass’ directing and George Sykes’ “Max Christmann” nearly outdoing each other. Meanwhile Marvin Barab and Jim Yingst continued to memorize lines in the Playshop Green Room—a backstage lounge. Miss Elsie Yehling) technical director, looking very un-teacherish in slacks, was giving directions to the paint crew on the proper application of the base coat to the set. The paint, a particulai’ly bilious shade of green, was already sloshed over the paint crew’s collective hands, hair and noses. Charles Dahlquist, carpenter, perched perilously atop a wobbly ladder with his head lost in banks of spotlights, was adjusting amber bastards. We hasten to explain that these are gelatin plates used on stage\ights for effect. In the outer lobby Jack Newman, carpenter, pounded on door frames and lugged them to the stage, while Mary Lou Fairman urged her coed paint crew on to greater efforts. Season tickets are now on sale at the Fowler Hall box office, and the coupons may be exchanged for reserved seat tickets. A special service men’s performance will be given on Sunday, December 12 (so will someone please turn in Company A’s bugle)? Faculty Members The December meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, December 6. at 4 p. m., in room 103, Physics Building. A full attendance is expected. —EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
King^ Queen Nominees
By R.'Wendell
As the closing time for nominations for King and Queen of the SDK Winter Carnival grew nearer, students fought their way to the ballot boxes, stuffiing them far beyond their capacity. From the mess the SDX committees selected the ten top nominees for each King
and Queen.
In selecting the nominations for King of the Snowflakes it was found that every group on the campus was well represented, with Mike “Battleship” Kasap as the Marines chief entrant. Pfc. Gabby Elias is the chief threat of the AST men on the campus. Eddie Timm will carry the colors for the Navy in the race for the honor. Civilians nominated include Dick Butsch and Jack Swantz. The remainder of the nominations for the King of the Icicle Ball are: Jack Abbett, A1 Lindskoog, Jack-Heinze, John Woolling and Bill Cross. Name Ten Nominees for Queen When it came time to select the ten nominees for the title of Queen the committee spent .many hours flipping the coin to break the many ties that resulted from tbe balloting. (The coin kept coming up the wrong way.) Marge Libbert of the Pi Phi clan was the first choice of the nominators, but she had a greai; deal of competition from tRe Vaughn Twins, Marge and Mary, and Pat Harding. Exponent workers, not failing to recognize beauty, stuffed the ballot boxes with nominations for Carolyn (C. J. W.) Wilbur, Maggie Grotnes and Martha Lee Riggs. Completing the list of nominations for Queen of the Carnival are Rosemary Oesch, Marion Lively and Jean Gibson. A last minute wave of votes put Dusty Rhodes in the running for Queen. Voting Starts Today Ellis Murphy, president of Sigma Delta Chi, announced that several rules would be in effect while the voting is in progress from today until next Wednesday at 6 p. m. The one restriction that limits the number of persons voting is that everyone voting must be a student in the University; however, nothing was said about the number of times a person may vote. All ballots are to be deposited in the circular files located on Murphy’s desk in the Exponent offic^ and at the west desk. Sigma, Delta Chi 'requires that each and every vote be on a separate piece of paper, and when several hundred votes are cast for the same nominee the ballots should be bound together. It is expected that all the mimeograph machines in the vicinity will be oiled and pressed into service during this week. The book stores replenished their supply of carbon paper in expectation of the big rush this week. Incidentally, tickets for world’s best froli^c which is to take place on December 11 will go on sale at the new low price of $1.64 4/6 tomorrow. The ducats can be obtained from members of SDX or at the west desk of the Union. Here is a tip. Get the tickets early, because the sale will be limited. Stevenson To Talk To Coeds Tuesday Mary Stevenson of Chicago, national field adviser of Girl Scouts, will be on the campus Tuesday, December 7, to talk with any women students interested in professional work in girl scouting. During the day Miss Stevenson will hold private interviews, and at 4 p. m., in room 263 of the Union, she will speak to a, group meeting of all coeds who are interested. Individual appointments may be arranged by calling Placement Service for Women, 2965, before Monday, December 6.
Camp Carson Mountaineer
Chinese Students Club Will Appear
Cites Changes On WBAA Tonight
Local People, University Choir Following a Thursday matinee showing, primarily for school children, two evening performances of the Black Hills Passion Play will be presented today and tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Music Hall. Tickets may be purchased at the door which opens at 6:45 each evening. The Passion Play company will use approximately 125 extras recruited from local grade schools, high schools, the University and townspeople. It was announced that forty voices from the University Choir, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, will furnish a musical
backgi’ound, accompanied by Miss Ann Rose Hammond, or-
ganist of the company. The centuries old Passion
Play, featuring Josef Meier, world famous portrayer of the Christus, is one of the few stage organizations able to function within itself. Besides capably portraying the roles in which they have been trained since childhood, the majoi-ity of the Passion Play actors a^e trained technicians in the vari-
ous production departments. Meier, in addition to enacting the
1 ole of the Christus, directs the production and the lighting effects. Lewis Walsh, who plays Ezekiel, is in charge of the 22 stage sets, while Joseph Toniutti, Pontius Pilate, is responsible for the technical ef-
fects.
ejare Hume (Mrs. Meier) plays the role of Mary the Mother. Johanna Meier, who will be 6 years old, appears in the Bethany scene and has been with the play since she was 10 days old. When she grows older she will take the role of'Mary, now played by her mother. The drama has been shortened from its original version and now covers only the last seven days of the life of Christ, beginning with the triumphal entry into Jerusalem. The story is told in 22 scenes running through the Last Supper, the betrayal, crucifixion, resurrection and the ascension. The play is spoken entirely in English and has been adapted for the American stage.
Elimination of regimental organizations from the armored division, I’emoval of many administrative duties from the corps and their transfer to field army headquarters and many other changes recently ordered by the War Department in its sweeping organization of ground force units are described by the Camp Caison Mountaineer in a survey of the proposed new set-up. The changes are based on the lessons of war and are inteilded to increase flexibility and firepower of ■
the ground forces.
The new armored division is to include three tank and three armored infantry battalions of increased size and strength, and infantry and artillery strength is to be sharply' increased in relation to tanks. The change in corps duty makes it solely a ta6tical and training organization, and simultaneously it is stated that the number of staff officers, even at Army headquarters, is to be reduced to “provide only sufficient personnel for
combat needs.”
Other changes eliminate thfe motorized division as such, replacing it with infantry moved by a troop transport battalion, reduce personnel and vehicles in infantry divisions while increasing firepower, provide for a new type of light division whose effectiveness is to be tested in amphibious, mountain and similar wai-fare. and limit tank destroyer and anti-aircraft battalions. In a corps reorganization, an anti-aircraft artilleixpool is set up under corps control to reinforce
threatened points.
Appreciating the advances made in recognizing and treating symptoms of illness in enlisted men requiring the services of psychiatrists, the War Department is revising tables of organization to allocate a neuropsychiatrist to each division, the Camp Maxey Times reports. He will be a member of the division surgeon’s staff, with the rank, of either captain or major. During the division’s training period, the Times states, he will be expected to detect, treat and eliminate actual and potential neuropsychiatric cases. In addition, he will instruct all officers of the division in recognition, prevention and treatment of mental casualties. In combat zones it will be his duty to sift and clear casualties of this type, with the object of returning to duty all personnel possible. WBAA Will Hold Audition For Radio Workers Today At 4 Auditions for radio announcers for station WBAA will be held todky at 4 p. m. in the Hall of Music studios, according to Gilbert D. Williams, station director. All students and service men are eligible to try out at that time, and those who pass the auditions satisfactorily will be given an opportunity to announce at the studio. Students interested in working with sound effects aie invited to sign up at the studios at the same time. Those with special talent /should arrange an appointment for
a special audition.
WBAA has in the past provided an excellent oppoi'tunity for training for the commercial bi-oadcast-•ing field; seveiml University graduates who were announcers on WBAA have stepped directly into positions with the radio networks.
“Answers, News and Comments,” a weekly program sponsored by the Chinese Students Club, will appear for the first time at 7:15 tonight, according to G. B. l/Vu, president
of the club.
One of the unusual features of the program is the direct news from China which is broadcast to the United States direct from Chungking, China’s capital, and relayed to Lafayette by long distance phone. Persons interested in asking questions about China should write to WBAA, Wu stated. The new daily series qf Chinese epic stories told by “Mei Sau” are being given each evening at 7. “Mei Sau” is a coined nanje meaning “American Daintiness,” ^and the six weeks’ stoiy being tdld by her now is “The Adventures of the Monkey and the Monk.” According to Wu, it is the only program of its kind in the United States. Mundel Will Teach Work Simplification Course In Farming Prof. M. E. Mundel of the department of industrial engineering will direct a work simplification course to be held at the University December 6-17 for agricultural extension
workers.
The instruction, which will emphasize methods of teaching people to simplify farm work, will be presented to approximately 25 men from 20 states. Local arrangements and instruction are under the direction of Dr. .E. C. Young, agricultural economist and Dean of the University Graduate School.
Ceres
.. . agronomy honorary, announces the pledging of the following: Arthur G. Tuesburg David B. Dunwoody Harold Kiel Ed Yarling George Perry Larry Wright Dale Miller The first pledge meeting will be held December 8 in room 261 of the Union at 6:20 p. m. All actives are expected to be present.
Dairyman Roberts Specializes In Art Of Ice Cream Designing
By Pvt. Melvin West, USMCR Scattered through the University campus in the various schools and departments are many arts and personalities that are not very well known to the majority of students. One deserving special recognition is located in the University dairy. Fancy ice cream design might be called the art and the personality behind it is F. J. Roberts, one of the nation’s outstanding ice cream designers. Roberts was a mess sergeant of the 44th infantry division during the last war and has had over 20 years’ experience in fancy ice cream design since then. All the work is done by hand, including the designing and making of the lead molds in which the ice cream is frozen, the preparation of the mixture, the coloring and flavoring of the article and the final tinting, decorating and wrapping of the finished product. » Does Various Types of Design Roberts does various types of design work and his products include ice cream pies, fruit rolls, puddings, custq.rds, stencils, French ice cream, plain French sheibets and a limited amount of sponge sugar and candy work. Thanksgiving and Christmas are the busiest seasons, with hundreds of special orders for ice cream designs with a holiday theme. Fancy ice cream products from the University dairy are shipped
throughouj; the United States and some of them have reached rather important people. An ice cream cake was once made in the form of the state seal of Indiana for the National Geographic magazine. This cake, which required two people to carry it, contained 15 gallons of ice cream and was entirely hand designed and colored. A natural peach, containing two gallons of peach ice cream, was made for President Hoover when he was in office. Two gallons of strawberry ice cream went into the making of a natural strawberry for Will Rogers. Products Complete When Leave All the products are complete in every detail when they leave the dairy. Each article is hand tinted in natural colors, and fruits, such as the" two mentioned above, are complete with stems, leaves and blossoms. The designs are made and sent out on the same day. This is especially important to insure freshness in some desserts. University classes in the manufacture of dairy products often call upon Roberts for demonstrations. A shortage of materials since the start of the war has caused his ice Cfeam designing to be limited to work of this type for the duration. He also gives demonstrations and illustrations for luncheon clubs and various other organizations and haa trained several men as fancy ice cream designers.A" X
( Purdue Exponent
mm
Thursday, December 2, 1943
Purdt^ Exponent combined wifh Purdue Independent
Offices. Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
Editor Business Mnna^ fi News Editor Manafring: Editor SporU Editors
Ellis Murphy Mary Dilts William H Tyson Carolyp Wilbur Raymond J Smith Russell M Lipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors Jack Abbctt Ruth M Ford Madel3ni A Gr tnes Jamt T Richardso Margaiet Y Stcffes Jamt Ackcrruan hianl II Hi M i Mnitha lee Riggb Kntj Howe‘S Service Staff Alorr s Bettor Gabriel Fhas Leo Friedman Jack Martire Jaj Newman
Business Staff
Advortiamgr Manager C L Caunt. Assistant Ad>ertismg Manager Betty Maney Circulation Manager R (a Sauerman
Staff For This Issue Night Editor \ egh Day Editor Mann ( it> Editor Grotnes Issue Editor Aspergerson Sports Editor Ackerman Reporters B tUr Gaiicll George on Rippctoc Cictchcn R ggs Bird K irt Ober Donham Howes Bilhngs Winer N ill ig r Bia le 3 e Blown L \ i rosenberg Steinberg Staff Photographer W C Tolher
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the «pcc al rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oc ober 3 101 authorized January 20 1922 Published on fue. la\ Thursday and S iturday morninga dur ing the \eai exe^t ccrla n vacation periods Delivered daily bv earner for $3 lo for a semost€i by mail for $1 60 for a semester Sub«ci plions may be obtained at the Exponent off ce or at the V st Desk of the Union Represented for i at onai aivertising by National Advertls mg Service Inc College P iblishers Representatives 420 Tladi'^on Ave New Yoik N Y
niie WASHMTOK Tm Re® U S Pel OM MERRY-SO-ROUND By DREW PEARSOK Considerable Manpower Wasted; Protection Of High-Ranking Persons; Diplomats Behind Drive ■W ASHING rov—It the Ai niy ind Navy leally w int to ■-a\ e m inpowei and postpone the di aftin„ of latheis they mipht t ikc a leaf tiom the book ot ven Ciable Adnu il Willnm I eUiv the Piesidenls chiet of staff No pinatc ^uaids oi oidoihes cluttoi his hoUbG as the> do thobC of CGiiim othei hij,h lankin., pel sons In tend the Admiril insweis the dooi him sell But if >ou fiiproa h the home ot Admiral Fmest J Kmic Commander m riiiei of the Fleet a guaid stops >011 on the i^iounds ol the Na>al Obseivatory while another {,uaid is posted in tiont ot the Admirals houst \i this stoRe ot the war it is inconceivable that an entnn might molest Admiial Kings home Joke IS that the armed guards aie posted outside a home which the Admii il raielj occupies lor he usu^l h sleeps on his \aeht on the Potomac Ibese di iblets ol manpoe ei aie not iinpoi taut taken fain^lj but tbe\ iic when tou add them up Lump togetlmi the lonelj soldieis who still stand guaid aioiind the peilectlj safe hills oi Congiess plus the he uj batteij ol legulii tioops which supplement the legulu and eftieient White House guaids plus all the othei sciitiies standing w^tch aioiind diowsy offices—and jou ^ct quite i total oJesse Jones loi instince still leqtiies a batteiy of „uaids eiut ni/c Msitois entciing his Com meice Bin dnm v.1 f F f is nothing inside which the enemj would > eejit the fish iqtiaiium in the lasement So does ciiyAIoi enthaii lequiie gu iids Govemineit peijciiiiel ind budgets could be leduced bv thousands now tint the wai has impioved and J I Ig u Hoovei has pioie 1 theie is little enemy d in I n fiom within rinallj it the Aimy leduced the iiumbei of the U S tioops pat ently maiking time in Alaska now that Kiskd and Attu bate been cleaned out seveial e\ti i diMsions would be a\ iilable invest-igate Good Neighbors Inside iact about Senatoi Butlei s ittack on the Good Neighboi policy is that the Nebi iskan w is given most of his inimunition bv rhe U S Embassies in I tin Ameiica Untoitunate tiuth is that a lot of caieei diplomats distiust the two fisted leloini tictics oi the Rockefellei Office ind weie ,,lal to spill then view'- to a listening Senator Butlei s]jtnt onlv tw i dijs in some count) ics He hiidly had time to get beyond the U & Emb issy and the 1 ishionable tliibs fiequentcd by Ameiican busi ness men In Rio foi example Ami issidoi Jeftcison Caffcij told him At the latc we aie pouiin,, money into the Am i7on it will (ost life hiindieds of dollais loi evei V noui d ol iiibbei Amb iss idoi Messei smith in Mexico C itv who hid i long st mdin„ feud with the BEW was glad to tell Butlei that igencies outside the State De])aitment weie mudd\ing the w iltis ot diplomacv Thus Butlei s epoi t is in explosive symposium ol all the comiilaints oi U S diplomats who don t like to be sjieeded up by aggiessive young Nelson Roeke Jtllei plus the eompl lints ot U S business men who distiust ledeial s]iending nywheie Howpvci the Butlei piole may ei lek togethei the heals ot U S icpiescntativcs and te leh them to eo opeiate J he cuie loi Butlei s complaints is not can cellation ol the Good Neighboi piogiam Imt bettei te un\ Oil amoii„ U S agencies m toieign eountiies Exit Paul McNutt? Manpov ci Commissionei Paul McNutt is lepoited b 111 ing tlic midnight oil diafting a veto message loi till Picsidcnt to send legaidiig the new dialt bill pa (d bv f in,.!ess 1 hat bill would place fatheis at the bottom ot the li itt list uid tike i laige pai t oi the di ill idnnn sti ition out ot MeNutls hinds il ivNtvtr tJu t I-. i large possibility that McNutt will be disappointed and that the Pitsidcnt w'lll not atetpl the McNutt icto mes age or veto the bill it all In lliat case McNutts fiicnds say he is almost ecitain to slide giaetfully out of Washington Real fact is Ih it MiN ult is not so eoneerne*d with the fallier delermeht pait of the bill as with Congiession al meddling with the admimstrative set up ot Uis Wai Manpuwgr < ommission by which eunsidcrabie powc i is taken away IrouuJiiim 4nd given to General Iltishey,
hley/ Years Program Depends On Students The University Recreation Committee which has done such a fine lob m organizing the Victory Varieties and the regular mixers IS on the spot again in regards to Christmas and New Yeais Apparently the only thing arranged in legaid to Christmas has been the Union formal dance As for New Years, nothing has been planned as yet Faculty members on this committee are more or less in a quandary They are not sure just what the circumstances will be on New Year’s eve Therefore, whether or not we have any kind of entertainment on New Year’s eve really depends on the attitude and reactions of the students You, the students, by allowing your presence to be felt may determine what kind of a program, if any, will be provided on this traditional night of celebration There will, of course, be the usual mixer on Saturday night, but anything else will depend to a certain degree on what you students want Your suggestions and comments are needed and wanted If you write your suggestions to us we will guarantee to forward them to the members of the Recreation Committee If you plan on making suggestions to this committee we would suggest to you that you do a little thinking ahead of time Remember that the committee will welcome only serious, practicable ideas This is your chance to bring the type of enteitamment you want to your campus Frosh Coeds Ask Potters Why? . . , Women in uniform, women in industiy, piofessional women, careei women, business women, yes, at last women have gained their iightfiil place in the woild But where are the women on this campus ’ Where are the freshman women especially ’ Petitions for the seven offices of Gieen Pottei aie now available to any male fieshman Eligibility foi office merely consists of being a male freshman and securing the signatures of fifty students belonging to his sex and class Why can’t a fieshman woman get fifty John Hancocks, too*^ What do the members of Green Potter do that the coeds could not do as well ^ When giaduation comes around no distinctions aie made between sexes, then why now The aigument that women do not belong on a campus is not only old-fashioned, but also trite The ratio ot freshman women to freshman men is obvious, anyone who doubts this has only to ask •,omeone who was at the Hall ot Music when oiientation tests weie being taken at the opening ot any of the last few teims / The members of the Green Potter certainly notice the opposite sex of th^ir class when they want to elect then fieshman queen, don’t they ^ Why can’t the coeds belong to this freshman organization ^—e w
3 30 PM 7 30 PM
7 30 PM
7 30 PM
Thursday, E>ecember 2 Black Hills Passion Play Hall of Mugic Blnck Hills Passion Play Hall of Music Friday, December 3 Black Hills Passion Play Hall of Music Saturday, December 4 Basketball—Intel Squad Game Fieldhouse
Personnel Notes - ■ ' ' ■ Companies scUbduled to visit the campus* RCA, Camden, N J —December 4 —Inteiested in EE, ME, pbysi cists, P S E , Chemists (B S , MS, PhD) ChE The Cartel Oil Company, Tulsa, Okla —Decembei 9 Interested in EE, CE, ChE, ME, chemists (B S, MS PhD ) Cleveland Industrial Research, Inc , Cleveland Ohio—Thursday, December 2 Inteiested in B S, M-S , Ph D , Chemists (oiganic)
Carnegie Illinois Steel Corp , Chi cago. Ill—Tuesday Decembei 7 In teiested in Met, P S E , M E , E E and C E Zenith Radio Coip, Chicago, 111 —Fiiday, Decembei 10 Inteiested in E E Corn Products Refining Company, Algo 111—Fiiday Decembei 10 Jn teieSted m diaft exempt men, and women with B S MS oi Ph D m Chemistiy oi Chemical Engineei ing These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they aie inteiested in students for employment Holley Carburetor Co, Detioit Mich —Inteiested in ME —Re search and Development Sign bj Decembei 4 National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics Langley Field Hamp ton Viigima—Inteiested in A E
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette
LUHA TODAY-FRi. -SAT.
BURNETTE
IN OLD "Li;V MONTERElf
JUNE STOREY GEORGE GABBY HAYES JHE HOOS ER HOT SHOTS SAR E AND SAH E STUART HAMBIEN THE RANCH BOYS
Plus
Selective Service Diiector Entiiely aside tiom this howevei McNutt is fed un with things and would just as soon get out ot Wash ington Those who know anything about his job lea lize that it h u, been an ilmost iinpobsihlc one Prob ibly he has done bettei than most people but even bO he IS one ot the most ibused men in W ibhington Iheiefoie close ti lends biy th it P uil his been keeping his eyes open toi i biisinesb connection fiist btc uise living on i goveinment salaiy has depleted hib finances secondly beciuse it he icmains in the Administiation his hands aie tied when it comes to the next Demociatic convention At the Chicago convention McNutt believes he could hive hid the Vice Piesidentiil nomination had he not bowed out as a good Roosevelt soldici He isn t at all optimistic about Demociatic climces next yeai but he IS even less optimistic about his chances ot being Vice Piesiclential nominee it he is'still in the Roosc \clt Administiation On his own howevei and not subject to any FDR loyilty he might be second m m on the ticket That is why you may see one ot Washington s most coloiful hguics gi uluilly case out ot the pictuic Merry-Go-Round U S Alaskan Judge Simon Hellenihall has come down from the Klondike to se why he hasn t been le appointed to his judgeship One leasoii is that he oidered a hunting license to he issued to General Si mon Bolivai Buckner, commanding officer in Alaska, when the Interior Department had refused it Watch lor the appomtntent ot lony Dimond, now Alaskan Delegate to Congress, as U S Judge in Alaska Chiet detenders ot General Patton inside the Senate MilitJrj Affaiis Committee die Lodge of Massachusetts Gurncj ol South Dakota and Happj ’ (handler ot Kentuckj (ommittce Chau man Bob Reynolds ol Noitli Carolina is on the fence . Index ol how the naval balance has changed in the Pacihc When the Japs threatened Midway not tai from Pearl Harboi ne maishalled most ot oui naval strength and tought them oil But when we headed toi the (Ailbert Islands not iai trom Iiuk the Jap Navy didn’t dare risk battle Fighting on land was tierce hut the Imperial Navv is down so low that it can t iisk the dangci ot needing replacements ((opyught 194J )jy United Icatuic Syndicate Inc)
DDIVT DELAY Buy Chushnas Gifts TODAY..
Give these, and give the most practical ind the linqst Present her with i gift from Task ton”
GIFT SUGGESTIONS • Dazzling House Robes • Entrancing Gowns • Rhythm Slips • Attractive Pajamas ' ^ m Well '^Tailored Slacks • Bright Wool Sweaters • Sweat Blouses • Rain Proof Raincoats il Handsome Bags • Smait Costume Jewehy • Fabric and Leather Gloves A Superehselection Rightly pi teed Om efjicttnt sales girls util help you select A GIFT FROM m " MLANS MOlih
2 302 Br 1 001 ir 3 303 55 4 00 4 30 4 rs B 00
mAA Schedule At 7 15 today the thud of a senes of piogiams sponsoied by the Chinese Students Club will be aned The piogiam entitled A^isweis and Comments is a lound table discus Sion in which the club membeis will talk about cuiient pioblems Geoige B Wu will lead the group and Saia Hayes will assist in con ducting the lound table The pio giam IS in addition to Chinese Stones aued nightly at 7 and To day’s China, scheduled foi Friday at 7 45 fill I d ly Fr dqy 10 30 No V N( vs ME C E Sign by Decembei 4 Ken Rad Tube & Lamp Corp, Owensboio Ky—Inteiested in M E and E E Sign by Decembei 10
rr 8 00 8 IV 8 30 8 M>8 55 9 00 ) 309 Brio 00
Smile Time—Smile Time ledcittted Chibs Nc\\spapci and Mnpfazino Aiticic Wntinlf MuiniiiK Matinee Purdue News Purdue News News News Faitn Forum Fa m F lum Meet tht Band—Meet the Band -News'- News Hcrnemfakeis Cl b Homemakers Club ■Music Listen While Y u W rk Screen Review -Maikelfe Markets -News-^News Story A Day- St rv A Day •The Apothecaiy lieasury Stai Paiad© lieasiUG Chest Music News New •Symphony Hall Aflcincon Melodics Tcdd Giant Musical Vaiieties News News lea Time luiu lea lime Tines Just Relax lust Relax News—News I ittlc Ml s Muffett—I ittlc Misb Muffett -Doiee Mai tin sinKei M sie -Vesi ers Vesp rs -Music Si rts Revi w Piaytr Mini te Piayti M n tc -Dir net Hoi i Dm i H lu -News New -Cl me e Stones—Chine St les Chu ese Que tions 11 1 Con mci L Memones of the Masteis -Navy Band M mie Todaj s China Now —News SciL t i New WBAA Barn Dince 'Biyond Victoiy What From 11 Pc B x M i ic -Music Fventide Echoes News New Musican v Mus can x - The R id to Feai —Anythinp; But Swi iu -News News OFI THE AIR-OFF THF AIR
Placement: Kotes For WomeV' Smith College announces 12 fellowships loi giaduate study Applications must be made before the 1st of March, 1944 'These fellowships are offered in the fields of the arts, education, zoology, etc Anyone interested may obtain further information from Placement Service for Women
mahs TODAY and TOMORROW
W IS. WHAT m WROTE ih&
STARRING CHARLES COBURN Willi Marguerite Chapman • Bill Carter Isobel Elsom • Edward Gargan A COLUMBIA PICTURE
uinmerei Starting TODAY
HIT OF jL¥_i- Jl *
From Jhe celebrofed Novel by ERNEST HEMINGWAY stirring 6ARY COOPER INGRID EERaiAN with Akim Tamiroff * Arturo do Cordova Joseph Calieia and Katina Paxinep Sam Wood
—ADMISSIONS— MATINEE except Sunday)
Ail Scats
75e
U S Armed Forces in Uniform
50e
EVENING
Mam Floor
$» 10
Bilcon/
isc
U S Aimed Forces in Uniform
FEATURES 1 13 3 5S-6 37 9
T9
B EFORL the war Bell Laboratories’ suenlisls put quartz crystals to work in sudr a way tlial tiiche conversations are earned on tun pans of long Distance wires a I one lime Now with slralegie metals so seaiee, the Bell bysleni is using only 6,000 tons of new copper a year instead of 90,000 And these tiny crystals are helping to provide more communication for eacli pound used. They serve on the battle fronts, too Weslcrri I lectuc lias nidiiufactuied some eight million quartz ciyslals for use m tire dependable communiealions equipment Bell System leseaii h is giving the armed fou es In the belter days ahead tins c\pcii<n<e wdl again be diiteled lowaid kciping tins toimliy’s telephone seivue the best nr the world
BELL lEIEPHONE SYSTEM
War calls keep LongDistame lines busy ... That’s ivhy your call may be delayed.
ig
ft’')
1 fir
N^vy^ Mattine News
Thftf^jr, December 2,194$
Fpr^ Serviee^]^f]^^f, By Service Men
Pa0e B
ilriny To iN'scfiarge Only Men Unfit For Military ^rvice in Any Assignment
I By Pfc Leo Fnedman 's,^
Only enlisted men who are “physically unable to render useful military service in any assignment that can reasonably be made available” are now eligible for discharge for physical reAson^, the Army indicated last week m issuing its anticipated cif^bdTar on minimum requi^ments TJie ne\v circular, No 293, also defines physical standards fw men going overseas ■
Although noting that use of thb’ term “limited service
J. E. Warnock Geis Award For Improving Needfle Valve Design
1 Pionounced psychiatiic dis
oiders
2 Heinia, except small incisional
ox umbilical
3 Certain Class I dental defects 4 Enucleation of an eye, with or
has
b^h discontinued with reference to enlisted men, the circular warns that this does not
moan that men heretofoie classified without p^ithesis in that categoxy axe to be dischaiged 6 Cextain txopical diseases (not or that the Army is to cease induct including uncomplicated malaxia), mg axtd using men who do not meet which axe liable to xe ingection and the'full standards fox genexal sexV serious aggxiavation ox exacexba
lee.
Mfsir To Be Given Assignments Unlisted men who axe, fox physi cal reasons, unable to serve m ex acting positions will be given ap prdpliate assignments in less exact
tion
6 Defects below the minimum
standards fox induction
The circular states that men who ai^ not qualified fox overseas duty should be lemoved from then units
mg^jobs'even^if they do not fulfill before they leave the home station
Jacob E Wai^jiock, 1925 civil engineering Un^veisity graduate, was one of seven employees of the Buleau of Reclamation honored last week undei a new plan of the De paitment of the Inter rex The new plan IS an award system established hs a means of improving the government service and to provide proof that government employees are developing new and better ways of doing their tasks Ml Warnock was given an award of excellence for his work in im proving the design of large needle valves which eliminated cavitating pressures and then destructive effects Assistant Secretary Oscar L Chapman made the awards at a mass meeting of Department of In tenor employees at the Continental Oil Company Auditorium m Denver, Colo
WAA fo Hold Call For Pool Life Guards WAA Lifesavn}g Corps will hold a callouf today for junior and senior life savers who die interested in becoming pool life guards An eight tb ten hour course will be given to fdmihaMve the gnls with the special devices and equip iment of the pool Those complet ing the course will be eligible to guard the pool during mixed recreation and splash parties, and can secure paid jobs as guards during classes
Notices
Experienced Soldier Tells Agonizing Dental Ordeal
. By Pfc Boh Baker
No, No' Not that' Anything but that' Send me to the Russian front—send me anyvrheire, but spare me that Don’t laugh, that’s probably how you’ll carry on once you're forced to un-
deigo fillings, extractions, or other such agonizing dental ordeals
These Aimy dentists really know them stuff, even though they don’t seem to impart the softness and tenderness of our usually beautiful nurses into their work But for all their — — — — knowledge and patience (or
Staff Members Attend Purdueiporlswomen National 4-H Congress W.III;S|Jonsor Second
Recrration Program
should I say impatience) they are generally gruff, hardboiled, and efficient, and will allow no meicy for panicky
chan-squirmers
For the benefit of all those audly neglected people who haven’t
Volleyball beidminton ping pong, expeiienced the delightful pangs of caid games and dancing are only a a parting tiio of tioublesome toothfew of the manv activities ofFeied les, I offer my heaity condolences at an evening of Mixed Recreation There’s nothing like it, nor will there
Eric Holm, Walter C Kolb, Edna rpjjjg University piogiam is spon- ever be—I hope' Troth and Mary Masten of the 4 H goied by the Purdue Sportswomen Fust if your case is severe
thg minimum standards for indue
tioii under MR 1 9
The circular further states that
and that removal of men from units at staging areas must be cut to a mmimi'iin Men whose physical de
enlisted men will be assigned to the d'^q^alify them for overseas
service will be reassigned to duty in the continental United States till the
most active duty appropriate to their physical qualifications with due consideration to their civilian training and experience, aptitude education, intelligence leadership ahi|?ty and acquired military quali
ficdijiions
fll defining physical standaras for disjiatch overseas, the circular di lectB that with certain qualifying exe|ptiOns, enlisted men should not be gent overseas if they possess the foH|wing defects
Classified Ads
condition is remedied Nofice Service Men m Cary Hall Sev eral of you neglected to put your loom number down when vou sub scribed to the Exponent If you will bung your receipt down to the Circulation Office and correct this error, you will start recen ing youi papei
Money to Loan—-On diamond watcTicb f,un typewriters Alberts Loan
OfTicc 4f7 Columbia
Typewriters—A Idmj? machines all makes «cn r nted rcpairel indpui chased Mimeo naph woik iono C P Ebeishoff 605 Main
Lafayette Phone 27/9
Lost—I 0J-. Lopr Duplex Decitrip, Slide Rule Row 1 1 Call lack Miller Lost—Cuived stem pipe in Biowsing Room Findoi e 11 7016 Richaid Smith
Buy War Bonds
CONVaY VESTS
CONVOY VESTS are among the winter-wise garments a man needs if he expects to buck cold, gruelling weather First worn by Canadian seamen on convoy duty in Northern waters, they're snug-fitting, windproof, warmly-lined And they have special protection right where you need it most — over the kidneys Get yourself one to wear for work, sports or air raid duties or Christmas gift ^65®, Hr and
Seven members of the Univexbxty
Independent Students PIA office is open otaff attended the 1943 National
every afteinoon from 4 to 5 P m for those ditenaea tne iJ'to XNailonai who wish to procure memberships 4 H Club Congress November 27-
—pisRiLLC December 1 at Chicago m the La
forgets “statmncd’m, the Smpurate'inv^cd Indiana was lepi^esent
lo dlop aver at the house or call 6021 m ed by 22 btudent delegates
the ne^i future so a get together party can be planned —THANKS
AIEL '^'here will be a meetinf, f all - -j.-
S'iC'“L“Xfm‘Affir'neTt''^emcsti"r department of the University honorary athletic club, and will meet enough they stick you in pajamas ihuiaday Dec 2 in the Rtadinjt Room acted as leaders foi the Indiana del Fiiclay evening in the women’s gym three sizes too big on one side and
SMira egation at the Sherman hotel from 7 30 to 10 aboitt a half dozen sizes too small on
m“TZrs®df^Dcc^^“o^^^^The Stewait, director of music, ^^e activities are oiganized to the othei and casually deposit you Chestnut Room —PRESIDLNT Charge of the singing pro piovide entertainment suited to the m the hospital, supposedly for oh-
AIEE Mcctinc of airElcctucai E. emotr Sample of the public mteiests of the entire student body seivation ing students that would be interested in Cl6p<iltni6nt ftSSlStBCl 111 publicity 'P}|0 fiist UlGGtiriff llGld NoVGUlbGr Put To Bcd
the ifadmj, rooV’at^T^""m '’’Thur^ay' congress, and Leila Gaddis, 22, proved very successful and it Three oi four days later the offi- ^ —SMITH state home demonstration leader, ^he basis of that evening cials will probably find out you're WAA Council meeting Monday at 4 P m assisted Oil the hospitality Commit that tomoilow evening’s enteitaiii in the hospital and start feedmg
Dec ( in WAA office
BRACKMAN tee
ment has been planned
University Town Meeting All invite 1 to 4 H m War and Peace was the goigd shoes aie necessaiy
hear Prof G R Thornton speak on Are theme of the COllfeience The Uni
fightine, to rid the world of I ascism ?
Thursday Dec
Wesley Foundation
at
4o p m in the
BALSLEY
veisity IS tliG state office for 3 000 4 H clubs in Indiana which have a
raembeiship of 60 000
Alpha Lambda Della Meet ng of all mem beis foi the pirpost of pledging w 11 be hel 1 F iday Dec 1 in room ^bl of the Union at 4 p m —MINER
IVfathematiGS Condition Examin/tons to —“
remove conditions in mathematics will bo Catalyst Club Spec nl m eiing Thi rs lay „iven on Suturdiy December 4 at 1 ^0 Dee ( at 4 i m in the Chemie il and
m in room 218 Recitation Building Get Metallui ical Enj^ineering building
Have iccommendations in by Tuesdiy n on
—GAUNT
Northwestern To Hold Discussion Tourney
cXi e being com
Rubbei yon, of all thing®, liquids—a drop now and a diip later Dessert will consist of four to six nice big, fat and sassy pills You may become slightly nutated by this time an(t your condition won t be alleviated any by the wistful and capricious nuises who just love to stick pms and needles through tender skins to deteimine if the blood still eir-
permitb to take examination at the mathe mat Cb office not iatci than Piid-iv Dec 1 at 4 p m —AYRES All Students The regular Friday evening lecreation will be held at the Un ver ity Pre byteri in Ch reh fhobc ilten 1 ng th Pi Sion Play ire invite 1 to paiticinate in the lecication afte the last curtain Re frebhmentb ue flee NORDLINGER
-GAUNT
AWS H ibc Pie 1 lents c uncil me t i Th r day Dee ^ at 1 40 i m i r In of the Ui 1 n L FUSE Playshop All p ople belling ticl lb f r
Pursuit of Happiness
Fiiliy Dee 3 at 1 p m —I OSTER
TT i. J m I » -I- 1 s, , Reamers Meeting f r Fr day Dec 1 1 Ubhers and Ticket Takers Mon^-y may he , ^h mg d to Mon lay Doc b Meet
Fieldho se Saturday Dct 4 at 4t i
obtains 1 it ticket oHice stirt ng Dec
WLNDELL
Playshop Ushers Impoitant meetinj, foi all who wish to usher for the Dec ) 10 or 11 performances Meeting on Wednesd iv Dec 8 at 4 p m in Eli7a Fowlei Hall will be bhort STEFFES Catalyst Club Meeting election f pledges Wednesday Dec 8 at 7 10 p m in Chemi eal and Metalluigieal Engineering building
Reamers Acl cm an s comm ttee will meet at west babl t at pm Sat a la> night
—ACKERMAN
Buy War Bonds
Ariangemeiits
pleted for the Coed Drscussion culates m a clockwise manner, or to Tournament which is to be held at make sure red corpuscles are still Noithwestein University Decern red and not a pale, sky»?blue pink her 9 and 10 Prof L S Winch of Ah' but for enteidainment What the speech department has charge wonderTul entertainment you 11 to Powj^^jHaJl of the University s coed lepresenta have It all consists of three tives who are Jeanne A Fountame, choices laying down, standing up, Betty Gustafson, Miriam Bash and or “just plain sitting” Personally, Katy Howes I d advise anyone to specialize in the All schools m the Big Ten will sitting angle Theie’s nothing to discuss the question, ‘ To What Ex compare with such a pleasing pastent Should Economic Control Be time Of course you may overtax Applied m Post War United your already oversize bumper but States ” The conference will cany such minor trifles and strains are
over two days
A New Manhattan Collar THAT FLATTERS YOUR FACE . . . IMPROVES YOUR NECKHISE
ON
From the hack oi yom neck to your Adam’s apple, Setlo is tailored to your neckline. Low in front, higher at the hack and sides, Setlo slopes natuially the way your neck does. Angle “stays” hold Setlo in place. It sets low and stays low. It’s smartei and more comfortable. Come in today lor Manhattan shirts with Setlo collars, if you want more collar salisiaction than you’ve ever ha<l.
Would also make a fiom $2.50.
veiy good Chiistmas gilt. Priced
generally overlooked by a true blue ‘ plain bitter ’ And usually the “just plain sitter ’ can nonchalantl'y park his carcass and focus his bloodshot eyes on the beautiful scenery and let his orbs drink in such aweinspiring architecture as that exemplified by the modern, classical garbage pail or the black softness of a carefree alley dashing through the mud And you could even en joy the stilling interplay of the moon and stars if someone would be thoughtful enough to remove the roof, but a good ole ‘plain sitter’” must try and remember that good, un fashioned ceiling rafters do have then j,ood points Your Luckj Day Yeb you 11 probably enjoy yourseli immensely It’ll be simply woijdeiful and you’ll feel even better after the dentist politely informs vou that tomorrow is your lucky day Tomorrow you’ll be the proud possessor ot three disengaged teeth Hohum' The fateful morning will arrive and you’ll tumble out of bed looking like Mata Han after the bullet surprised her and make your timid way to the dental clinic Now the fireworks really start For instance theie’s the exqmsrte and awkward positions one has to assume to assure clear X rays, the thrilling jolt of six inches ot cold, steel needle into tender, quivering tissue, the heart jumping suspense before the parting when they blmdfold you and wrap your person in sterilized white cloth until you begin to resemble an Egyptian mummy, the gum scraping, jaw wrenching, nerve searing scream of saws chisels and scalpels against pulsating roots, the shuddering agony of I loosening the teeth with a jolting rubber mallet that teels like the 'backfire of a Missorui mule, a composition of all the above as you bid goodbye to those sweet little grinders, and then as a final encore, the sharp, biting, tangy sting as they i attempt to sew up what’s left of your gums Give It A Inal Need I say moie good, people? Yes, you should all give it a trial, especially with an \rmy dentist. I can vouch for lull satislaction P S To put in tor tianstei to the Russian liont see your nearest to or it that don t appeal to you, go chin voiuselt on a high-tension wue it the first signs of a haywire tooth—gu iianteed to woik in either
Notice VU Vrmj Navy, tratermty and waid basketball games have been called off until turther notwe. Watch the Exponent tor date and schedule when play is resumed.W4$
)
SI-
h} >,( 7* ^
■y'fi A 1%
EoilermtiKer Sports
' l I 't'l
s »' i • t ' ’ ’ ''> f
ThuFsSdy, December 2^ 1943
W ‘''K^
®S
BY FRANNY WILLIAMS
Grandstand
Echoes By Russ Lipes
What About That Diamond Setting? Since presenting our idea of putinig a diamond setting, in honor of the mythical national grid crown
Barwegen, Dimancheff Cpac/i Papenguth Play In East-West Game Needs Swimmers
For Varsity Squad
Andy Kerr, coach of Colgate's eleven, has chosen Dick Barwegen, right gua!rd, and Boris Dimancheff,
Coach Dick Papenguth is still
Braving the snoAv, slush, and Christmas shopping throngs, I succeeded in finding my way through toivn recently, and in discovering some nifty little articles—clothes and otherwise. But you’ll have to run fast; everything’s going like hotcakes.
Back to the vil’. Soiithtvortli s Gift Shop has costume jewelry, and more jewelry. Especially eye catching arc those rhinestone pin and earring sets. An attractive set is the matching moonstone bracelet, ring, and earrings. Genuine stone rings, earrings —large and small, sterling and otherwise— bracelets and pearls—long and short, may all be found. To keep those hands w'arm, soft, and lovely, remember those white bunny fur mittens — all at Southivorth’s Gift
Shop.
won by the Boilermakers, in the gold
halfback, of the undefeated Boiler- looking for wrist strokers and di-
vers to complete the roster of the 1943-44 swimming team. Except
for two members of freshman team and a
last year’s few V-12’s
West football game in San Fran-
“P” on the Old Oaken Bucket chain, cisco on New Year’s Day. Kerr,
we have had many comments. who will coach the eastern team from other schools, the members of To go over our plan again, and jn the Shriner memorial benefit on this year’s squad are green to colfoi those who havenT heard about it, p^te legiate competition, here s the set-up. The 1943 Boiler- Hoeriischemeyer of A better aspect of the team will T Indiana to join the team, which will be attained after the first intra-
be composed of 22 men from east- squad meet December 11. The ern and mid-western colleges. strongest positions are expected to Barwegen was recently chosen as ^he reli^ men, backstrokers, the most valuable player on the spvinteys and free stroke men. SalRiveter squad this season by his ^tate and Perry of teammates. ' expected to shine in the
last position.
Coach Papenguth is going to Chi-
“Bucket” back home, they tied for the Big Ten title, and they are the only major undefeated, untied team left in themation. Thus have they
honored the school.
In return for this, supporters of the school have donated to buy a solid gold “P” foi the chain. Oui plan is something to be done by the stu
der,^'and‘otrex-ln7e;;;t:d^rai^ies started training for the East-West
to show their appreciation. It con- game. . . . The season just closed ^ TTnwpvpv tbp Bie- Ten sists of raising enough money probably had more thrilling last- schedule. Ho v > S
You girls that like stuffed animals—have you through contributions to have a dia- minute finishes than any season any- ^ Northwestern seen the sweet fluffy wljitc angora eats in at The mond set in the “P”. Something to body can remember. 0^'° State and Noithwestein
Juvenile Shoppe? They’re just so big with the remind Indiana of this past season Indiana-Ohio State softest white hair—only $4.98. Or if you like every time that she looks at the pass; the Illinois-Ohio State over-
teddy bears—they can be had in all colors and “Bucket”, and something to remind time field goal; the Purdue-Minne- nePauw Y M C A sizes. But that’s still not all. I found a regular all onlookers of this successful grid- sota last minute pass; the Notre a. ai u i e c . . .
menagerie. Other adorables arc pekinese and iron season when they gaze upon the Dame-Seahawk extra point battle;
^ scotties. Incidentally, boys, this is a good Christ- chain many years from now. That’s the Notre Dame-Great Lakes last mas suggestion for that best girl. Remember The Juvenile Shoppe, what it amounts to; we’ll have full minute pass, and also the Puidue-
details in a few days. Indiana goal-line tilt Here’s one Joe Dienhart pulled at the football
Recall the
last minute
maker tankmen. There will also be meets with the Fort Wayne Y. M.
I just had to stop and admire those neat plaid slacks in The College Shop. And they come in an assortment of colors, too— brown, blue, and black. They’re really “it” for that freezing weather coming soon. Have you seen their loafer coats? They are of Shetland wdth a solid body, plaid sleeves and collar—and, oh yes, that touch of plaid on the pocket gives it just the right appeal. Doris Dodson, Jrs., are sold exclusively in Lafayette by The College
Shop.
R. P. Siskind Discusses New Filter Designs Prof. R. P. Siskind of the School
Former Boilermaker Stalwarts Tangle With Navy- Marine Five; Coach Lambert Divides Squad In an effort to give the public an idea of just how strong the basketball team will be imtbe coming hardwood season, Coach Ward Lambert has divieJed his squad into four teams which will participate in two games this Saturday night. Civilians or Navy and Marine men who enrolled in the University as civilians will play the V-12 men from other schools, in each of the two games —— scheduled. The following can- son, Harriett, Chaleff, Oppen, Brodidates for basketball report duer, Shue and Krmsle. , x-rric Saturday night’s program not dressed Saturday at 7:15 p. basketball games ni.: Purdue men: P. Hoffman, ^ut a special feature which is to be Lodge, Horn, McPherson, held between the halves of the main
Swantz, Kennedy, Myers, Friend, event. Haag, Schrink and Timm. They will
be slated against the following Y-12-^gggg ButkoVich men: Elliott, Walley, Hoffmap, Ray- '% aij a « mond, Schweizer, Gustafson, Vaoan- INflItIGCl AII'/MTfleriCa ) ti, Bohae and Halpin. Riveters are well represen - . . i, j 1 j 4; ed in the All-America football seThe first game is scheduled for , j u xr n 0+ ....
lections made by Howell Stevens m
6:30 p. m. and will be between the p^gi. recently. Alex V-12 and civilian-V-12 combination. Agasc, ballhawk guard, is accorded The following men are to report a place on the first eleven, while dressed at 6:30: Purdue men: Cline, Tony Butkovich, crashing fullback, Mullins, Unverzagt, Sokel, Kreig- is placed on the second eleven. In baum, Schmidt, Dillion, McCormick, addition, both Dick Barwegen, Becker and Bennett. They will op- guard, and Boris Dimancheff, halfpose the following V-12 men: Par- back, are listed in a select honor-
ker, Prichowski, Carpenter, Morri- able mention group.
An absolute necessity for everyone
stationery. A wonderful assortment can award, a trophy given annually to be found at Deckers. For that iiersonal the outstanding grid star of the touch, names can be printed'on it. Those season. We think that he should genuine leather zipper (but yes!) pull- have been farthei up than that. . . . man sets are an ideal gift. A quick pull Barwegen and Dimancheff have of the zipper, and you have leather slip- ■ pers with another compartment for toilet who made his presence felt in the articles. When you need that new plaid last three football games as a ma-
banquet Monday night: “Wait till of Electrical Engineei'lng spoke bewe get through pushing Indiana fore the Indianapolis section of the around next year. When we get Institute of Radio Engineers Fri-
c7f7rncrsar7d WeToncTer through with them, that team won’t day in the Union on “Four Termiif there will be a major league ball ‘Who’s Who’, but in that nal Netwook Design.” Siskind disclub practicing here this spring? magazine, ‘What s This ?” He cussed several methods which may
eighth in referring to that last-minute be used in the design of filters and Heisman Punch one of the “17-year-olds” equalizers and their assembly to
threw at Sam Vacant!. give specified performance.
Sputterings
Congratulations to all of the Riveter players nominated to the All
. . . Tony Butkovich placed eighth in
the balloting for the
shirt, don’t forget—Decker s have Mc-
Gregor plaid wool shirts.
Riveter Squad Opens Basketball Season Saturday In Game With DePauw Flyers
While still celebrating the results of a brilliant fall campaign in which the undefeated and untied football squad compiled the nation’s No. 1 record as it shared the Big Ten title, and the cross-country squad ran away with the conference championship, the Riveter sport followers are already looking forward to the winter sport season, which will be launched on Sataiday night, December 11, when Coach Ward Lambert’s 27th Boilermaker basketball creation opens against the strong DePauw naval pre-flight quintet here. Judging from the results of eaily drills, three major lettermen from last year’s varsity, plus a pair of holdovers from last year’s brilliant freshman combination, are expected to provide the nucleus for a basketball combination that may be reinforced by yearlings and V-12 transfers. Only three out of nine major lettermen from last season are still available—John Swantz and Jack Kennedy, center aspirants, and Paul “Duffy” Friend, steady guard—but Lambert is banking heavily on the abilities of Bill Lodge, flashy foiwaid, and Chailes Haag, ball hawk guard, members of last year’s yearling quintet, which won the quadrangular Big Ten tournament. Lodge, a Madison boy, who is now in the Navy V-12 program, at present holds the No. 1 spot in the scramble for forward assignments. Among the other leading contenders are a trio of Hoosier freshmen, Dennis Horn, Piinceton, and Bill Krieghbaum, Rochester, both civilians, and Edward Umveizagt, a V-12er. Othei possibilities include Bob Myers, Jeffeisonville, a member of the Boileimaker freshman squad of two years ago; Mitchell Sokol of Anderson and a trio of marine transfeis, including James Gustafson and Sam Vacant!, major lettermen from North Dakota and Iowa, respectively, and John Chaicolla, reserve fionr Illinois. Swantz and Kennedy, Boilermaker major letteinien, are being provided a real tussle for the center assignment by Stephen Fiaziei, V-12 major letter man from Southwestern College, - Winfield, Kas; John McPherson, freshman fionr Greenfield, and Jack Raymond, marine V-12 yearling from Bay View High School, Milwaukee, Wis. Friend, Boilei maker major letterman now in the Navy V-12 program, and Haag, an Evansville pi 0duct who won his freshman numeial at Purdue last season, will probably get the early call at the guaids, although Ed Timm, Boilermaker minor lettorman, has his eye on an asBignmeni. Although Friend and Haag will
stand a lot of pushing at the guard positions, they may get it from a
sextet of other aspirants. Chal- morir, transfer from St. Joseph, also mers Elliott, of Bloomington, 111., has possibilities.
rine V-12 prospect, along with Fred Hoffman of Mishawaka, another transplated gridder, will both get considerable attention. Other V-12 prospects include Howard Schmidt of Englewood, N. J., Purdue reserve; Richard Oppen of New York City, who formerly played with Lawrencebiiig High School, and Janies Walley, who earned a major letter last year at Central College, Fayette, Mo. Don Schrenk of Sey-
f^uUioftL Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS I WEST LAFAYETTE
PRICE RISE 3.50 until Dec. 12 diukhif! dilWUf! ORDER Purdue’s Yearbook NOW From Salesmen and West Desk diuhhij^! diuhhlj^! 3.50 until Dec. 12 PRICE RISE
HANDS THAT
☆ It’s something he’ll remember "over there"—the lingering touch of soft, smooth hands Keep your hands always at their velvety, romantic best with the new delightful-to-use—non-greasy, non-sticky Sofskin. A mere dab does the trick! sofsi^in
“Turn up shirt collars before washing them . . This fella has the right idea—it’s just his technique that’s a little sour. Shirt collars will last much longer if they are turned up before being sent to the laundry, for then the crease around the top doesn’t get such heavy rubbing and consequently lasts longer before fraying. Another fine point to remember—when you need new shirts, whether military or civilian, buy Arrow. They live up to their fine reputation for lasting wear and perfect fit. Don’t forget the Sanforized label, which guarantees fabric shrinkage less than 1%, ARROW
• HANDKERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR • SPORT SHIRTS WAR BONDS AND STAMPS A
ARROW'S THE ANSWER! You can Ire sure the best-groomed men on eampus, whether in uniform or “cits,” are Arrow addicts. Arrow shirts are tailored with finesse, the eollas lie smooth and sluy smooth. And don’t forget the Sanforizeil label (fabrie shrinkage less than 1%). $2.24, up. Ar row ties (including black barathea and khaki) are made with a patented lining that resists wrinkles. Also in smart, colorful fancy patterns. $1 and .$l..'>0. See us also for your Arrow Shorts (75e up) and Arrow Handkerchiefs (2.'>c up).
DEWENTER’S
416,MAIN ST.
FOR ARROW SHIRTS
HEY, HAVE YOU HEARD THE NEWS? EVERYBODY GOES TO THE CAFETERIA FOR LUNCH AND DINNER THESE DAYS. SO, WHY NOT MEET YOUR FRIENDS THERE FOR DINNER TODAY.? JhsL fiju/vdusL ^YJfhimsriijaL lAniotL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities