fm
j> I ¥4
I f
m
w
t
i’'!>^ ,i '•I ‘ ‘ ' “ ‘ ! ^' ' ,/ ' ‘ i\f
/ r ^
w
, i ^
> r.’d ^ i') "<■'“> ‘^?" V y
Graduating Seniors^. ’ 'I'AlFc^ndidtttes.must be in the Armory in academic costume by 1:10 p. m., Sunday afternoon.' The north ^heck room in the ground floor lobby of the Music Hall wjill be open for yopf use at 12:30 p. m. A few tables will be provided in the Armory where you can leave toata, etc., at your own risk. In case of severe cold or stormy weather the student columns ' wm ipove directly from the Armory to the band entrance at the rear of the Music Hall. QfhOTWiSe the columns will round the Hall, mount the steps leading to the main entrance 0l jhe Executive Building, and pass through the lobby of this building into the Music Hall. ' l^fpdehts may retain their coats to wear over their gowns on the short march. In this Cflse the wraps will have to be carried to the seats in the Music Hall. . Please inform your guests to present their seat tickets at the doors of the lower lobby ^ the Mtisie Hall. There is no entrance to the Hall through the Executive Enilding. All gpdats should be seated by 1:40 p, m. S5, No. 64
Established 18S9
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, December
iRC’s Advanced ROTCs May Remain Till May
lier To Head Independent Staff ( ;; Barta Announces Editor Will Serve
Student Personnej^ Group Elects Gray As Director
As Sole Executive For Next Semester • fiel'trand Squier, junior in the School of Science, has been ^le’^ted editor-in-chief of the Purdue Independent for the comseihester, Dave Barta, present editor-in-chief, announced l|(st liight. Squier is a member of the Reamer Club, Phi Lambda tJpsilon, Delta Rho Kappa and Purdue Players and has been alctiVe flJs Publicity Manager for Playshop and as a Forensic inahager. He comes from
lilhpleWood, New Jersey. Squier will act as the sole
executive. of the paper. At
priBSent, the Independent is
merged with the Exponent. The cOmbiiiation took place at the
cpd of last semester and will con-
tinue fpr the duration.
The Independent started as a three-column single sheet paper in It rapidly grew to a full size fohl: sheet paper which was printed bi*weekly. The Independent served pHmatily as a means of printing n^aWs of interest to the independent stpdbnt, although each issue covered all-campus events for the com-
ing two weeks.
Students Eled New Junior, Sophomore ^nate Members As a result of the Student Senate elections held yesterday afternoon in the Great Hall of the Union, the following juniors will represent their respective schools in the Student Senate next semester: Wilma Jean Palmer, Home Economics; Vernon Singleton, Agriculture; Jaclf McKinzie, Science; Ray Nihan, Pharmacy; Bob Anderson, Mechanical Engineer; Bill Kennedy, Electrical Engineer; H. E. Carlson, Chemical Engineer; and Milfoi'cl M. Cheney, Civil Engineer. All sophomore students in the University will be represented by these students: Faye Tyler, Home Economics; Wally Cook, Agriculture; Jeanne Crane, Science; Charles Albritton, Pharmacy; and Lee Alexander, Bill Dingle, William Blanks, and Judd Year, Engineers. Serve One Term These persons are elected for one term only, but at the end of that term they may run again, either as a member from the same class or as a member of the class which they (See SENATE, page 4)
Elliott Will Speak Here Tomorrow Universtf-y To Dismiss All Classes AH OP. M. President E. C. Elliott, now on leave of absence to serve with the War Manpower Commission in Washington, D. C., will return to the campus to address a special War Convocation sponsoi’ed by the University Student War Council in the Music Hall tomorrow moi'ning at 10. He is expected to discuss the current war-time problems confi'onting University students and faculty in an address on “A
Formula for Faith,”
President Elliott, recently entrusted with responsibility for all college training to be given to men in the armed forces, will be in a position to answer as many of the questions and recent rumors concerning the immediate training program as he finds advisable. A Chief of the Professional and Technical Employment and Training Division of the Manpower Commission, Elliott is also in charge of plans for the utilization of colleges and universities in the industrial pro-
gram.
Elliott Submits New Plans According to a statement by Paul V. McNutt, chairman of the Manpower Commission, President Elliott has completed plans for the training program of the armed forces and has submitted them to the Manpower Commission for approval. In his talk, the President is expected to include information regarding the possibilities of the new plan. All classes at the University will be dismissed fi’om 9:50 to 11 a. m. in order that students and (See ELLIOTT, page 4)
Frank L. Gray, Student Director
High School Officials Meet Here To Discuss War-Time Problems
Neuman Chosen
As Assistant
Frank L. Gray, a sixth term mechanical enginefer and member of Kappa Deltq Rho, has been selected as the new director of the Student Industrial Relations and Personnel Committee for the next semester. William F. Neuman, sixth term T. & I. E. and a member of Sigma Nu fraternity, will be his assistant. Heads of the staff departments which will work with the Director and his assistant are Jerome J. McTague, fifth term Public Service Engineer and member of Alpha Tau Omega fraternity, who will head the inteiwiews depai’tment; Jane Keim, sixth term Science Students and a member of Chi Omega sorority, will direct publicity; Laurence E. Kaplan, sixth term Chemical Engineer, will supervise the analyzing and planning depai’tment; Robert E. Abbott, seventh term T, & I. E., and a member of Sigma Nu frati-enity, will be director of the information department; Guy G. Besnard, fourth teim Science and a member of Alpha Tau Omega fraternity, will
Prof. W. E. Vogler, Co-Founder
A two day conference at the Uni
versity, sponsored by the division of serve as chief of the Faculty PerEducation and Applied Psychology, sonnel Department; John L. Lauwas held to discuss war-time prob- denberg, sixth term Chemical Engilems of reorganization confronting heads the procurement divi
Navy Will Graduate Fourth Etectricians' Class Next Monday
Government Likely To Convert Colleges For Army, Navy Use No Definite Flans Announced For Students Subject To Draft Accordihg to the most recent, and as yet unofficial,’ haws about the proposed plan for drastic changes in the'stird^iarmy situation, juniors and seniors in Advanced ROTC aitd Army Enlisted Reserves will remain in school until tile, of next semester. Tentative plans, not yet announced by tKe government, provide that all those men in the Army Resell^ .— and basic ROTC who haVe^t
completed their sophom&ije year will be called some after the first of the year. No definite announcem^t has been made recently ahoHt students subjedt to the draff are not in any of the reserves. Oiflcial sentiment, however, ^eeiilS to
Cary Club held its annual ban- indicate that the present plaii'of Mquet last night honoring its mem- ferring those men training for ^ befs of the senior class. The dinner sential industries will be continued, was attended by Prof, F. C. at least for a time. No‘Word Hockema, Dean of Men F. I. Gold- been issued, or rumoted, that smith, Prof. L. Hadley, and G. O. present deferments will fee te-
Arbuckle, manager of Cary Hall. scinded.
Each senior present was given a Government Considers Plan plaque with the Cary Club crest ^he plan for conversion of .farts and his name inscribed on it. In of the universities into traihinx for addition awards were made for has-been ipdtf
Cary Club Presents Awards To Seniors At Annual Banquet
various activties.
Prof. Hadley presented the Cary
merit awards to the one senior in "cted'any day
each unit who was most outstand-
consideration by the govenime|tt:for some time. Official release if e^The plan, formulated to some ei-
ing while at the University. In Unit j,y R. B. Stewart, University
r . ^ r . .1. ^ ..1, Wolter received the award; Controller, will be under the
UmtB.Al Jackson; Unit e, Charles Manpoweb^Uoimof Bluejackets to finish tram- Knote, and Unit D, Encel Dodge.
.secondary school administrators, sion, and James B. Flaherty, fourth m the electrical division of the The Elliott Intercollegiate Ath- by Dr. E. C. Elliott in his cafSjrttJr Thirty-five principals and city and Service Engineer, will -Naval Training School will take letic award was then presented by Division of Pir»fdscounty superintendents attended as Director of Industrial Rela- PJace here Monday night. Approxi- Prof. Hockema to Encel Dodge for Technical Training.-. •
the conference which was under the tion. lately 200 will be graduated with athletic achievement.
general direction of Dr. George E
Davis.
Elect Coordinators
most of them being awarded petty Gil Wolter was the recipient of Tram At Colleges
Under the proposed systeta, ktu-
^ ^ ^ , officer ratings equipping them to go the Fisher Scholarship award pre- . , ^ ,, Cooixlinators of the organizations .ea as electrician mates, third sented by Dean Goldsmith for the dents taken from the Colleges
Dr. Paul Rehmus, superintendent activities within the various schools advanced technical highest scholastic record. The Pot- approximately thr^ of school at Lakewood, Ohio, acted are Jack M. Kuch, Science; Norman g.^ools operated by the Navy for ter scholarship improvement award indoctrination as discussion leader throughout the D. Augsburge^ Mechanic^; Arthur some army camp. Theu,^ tafc-
two day session, which was open L. Peltasalo, Electrical; H. Robert The ceremonies will be held in the zer literary award to Dick Salzer
forum. Henderson, Public Service Engi- u , 1 mi. j tests, selected men will be sent ba«
/-lu 1 o T u /-It. 1 Music Hall at 8 p. m. and gradua- by G. O. Arbuckle. The next award, '
Among the proolems discussed neering; Charles S. Lynch, Chemical 1 b Jwere the formulation of policies re- Metallurgical Engineering. ^ Comdr H garding the granting of credit to This group, which is the newest ' '
students who are drafted ahead of student organization on the campus, graduation, proposals for aeceleiat- organized under the supervision
ing work of high school students Vogler, Director of Person- special awards
towards graduation from high Department in the University. ^ j maintanuuK wic i,u «i.i Rchool nr townrrl nntrnnep infn nnl Since a number of Students had ex- ’ , , , T. r, A , ’1 , school 01 towaicl entiance into col- highest scholastic standard and the ager, by G. 0. Arbuckle.
lege, and means and methods of Pres-sed the desire to gam practical establishing and maintaining the experience in Personnel and Indusraorale of the high school student Relations, Pi of. Vogler, with
who IS piepaiing to entei the serv-
the aid of Mi*. F. L. Cason and the G. E. 190 class, started the forma-
,. /.VC A n t. A j Au OA A • J to the colleges for further triiQiflff. tion certificates will be presented the Stewart service award was ... , '
^ The situation with regard,to atu-
M. Hart, com- given to two seniors this year, A1 enrolled in the Naw Resewea
manding officer of the Naval Train- Jackson and Charles Knote, for outing Schools. Ensign E. G. Wood- standing participation in Club Acward, company commander, will tivities. Unit B was the winner of
to two the Vallely Intramural award, pre-
trainees, one for maintaining the sented to Bill Masline, athletic man- , , The program which will sfO into
other for surmounting the greatest
obstacles in the puisuit of his /[^n Tweedale House
—^V-l, V-5 and V-7—is different- in that these students will be alloWiM to gi’aduate before being induoteo„) according to the present pinn.
The admmistiators also discussed ^he organization this sum-
Myers, Kohls Receive Highest Awards In Tri-Annual Recognition Banquet Due to the accelerated program of the University the participhnte in stage, stump, and studio met for their first triahnual recognition banquet last night in Cynthia Jones Hall. The banquet, tvhich has been held annually for twelve years,
was attended by about eighty people.
; Larry Myers, WBAA, and Dick Kohls, University Playshop, received the top honors in their - respective activities. Myers member who has made the most sigwas honored with the four- oijinal cieative coiiti^uyear participation awaid or Scott, the first year announcer his distinguished achievement hjjg shown the greatest promise in announcing, directing and during the past year, supervising ladio piograms. He is The Purdue Players’ awaids noted particularly foi his work on other than the one already menRadio Stage, Diamatized News, tioned for Dick Kohls were made Sports Review, and Sports. by H. Kenn Carmichael. George Kohls was given the Mary South- Zissis was cited for characterizaworth Award for acting. This awaid tion m a miiioi lole (Sherift' goes to the graduating senior who Preble); Arthur Barab, veisatility has shown the greatest acting abil- in chaiactei ization (Jock, Doc, ity in the Playshop productions, and Tender); Lee Fishback, technical is usually presented at the grad- achievement (lighting in Jim
Dandy); Betty Giay, service awaiffi Because the forensic activties have not been adjusted to the threet{>rm year, the presentations of special awards was postponed until the conclusion of the season next April. Five seniors, however, weie
I UK 1TAA.V.. ... mentioned for their faithful work: Other important WBAA citations Ed Johnson, Bill Swager, and Boh made by Gilbert D. Williams are: Weiss in debate; and Sam Pence Bulford Tribble, the most versatile and Ruth Mao Evans in forensic
stall member; R. L. Kohls, the staff management.
effect as the men become available
riiiii f TTV/V/vioiv^ I twM.JV/ is being modeled after the set-up
^ the University in which sailors Ofe Principal speaker at the exercises . . . announces the election of of- using University housing end’irtihlwill be L. M. Sears, professor Of fleers for the ensuing year. Those ing facilities. Contractilral spertfi-
the types of war time work in which Joe Wiggins and Jim Murphy history, and Prof. C. W. Beese, di- elected are: Joan Beckper, presi- cations for this program WCfedrawn students might engage “Victoiy chosen as the first Director rector of the Univeisity’s war train- dent; Avalyn Lane, vice-president; up by R. B. Stewart and have bo%tt Corps” policies and way's in which ood Assistant Director, respectively, 'og program, will also appear on Geraldine Bryant, secretary; and accepted by both the Army and tlw
'iat.heiTint,if>R in t-he iai’gest and most success- the speakers’ program. Anna Shively, treasurer. (See ERC, page 4) ful project the committee, in co- Prior to the ceremonies, the grad- x
opeiation with the faculty, has com- uates will be honored at a dinner pleted the interviewing of 1,389 given by the Naval Training School freshman Science and Engineering m the Union. Guests invited to the students and has established' person- dinner include officers of the Naval ncl records for these men. At pres- activity, and members of Ship’s ent the committee is making plans Company, officers of the University for projects to be followed the next Military Depaitment, University’ semester. piofessois, and their wives.
science and mathematics in the high school can be made moie use-
ful.
Senior Military Payment of final commutation of subsistance at 1 p. ni. Friday, December 18. —RIORDAN
Army Opens Meteorological Division; Hoag To Interview Students Today Dr. G. T. Hoag, special consultant for the United Army Air Forces and representative of the University committee, will be on the campus today only in order to diflCHSs the U. S. Army Air Corps Meteorological program. , ' This program is designed to meet the critical shortage trained weather forecasters in military and civilian posltlohS* The University committee, a —, civilian national organization, For the basic training coiirae”,
and othei work vital to the home shortages, piovido aid to further which is sponsoring this pro- school students with two years i|jf Ann fxont and supplies 20 men students wai effort on home fiont, cooperate gram is conducting a triple ”^^*^bematics and one year of sci*ep- daily to act as technicians and help- with post-wai effort on campus and * . , i * u • eligible. The premeteobUniveisity ers and 15 women students to act help colleges to become integral meteorology Degm- ological training will take those ' the local hospitals. It part of wai education. The purpose ^ basic COUrse at a with one year of college training,
nation exercises. (This was impos sible this ycai because of the streamlining of the exercises.) Kohls’ most recent role and one foi which he leceived the citation for the best characterization in a major role was that of Mayor Orden in
"The Moon is Down.”
Colleges Plan War Council Last Friday and Saturday, a con- — ———
ference on “Student Man Powei Mobilization” was held at Arbor, Michigan. Five schools resented besides the Unive
were the University of Michigan, ^s aids
Michigan State, Noitliwestein, Illi- .^so conducts sciap diives and fur nois and Ohio State. Those who j^^^es student farm help. Close conlepiesented the University are kept with the local County Ralph Duester, Doiothy Cm nth- Agent and other officials m order waite and Dick Sleepei. ^^at the student help will be alrhe chief purpose of the confei- jotted only where it is necessary to ence was to come to some under- (Jefense. This organization at the standing among the War Councils University of Michigan was con-
of the various universities repre- gjdeied by the conferees as the most inzed as having the best set up for _
sented. In seaich of this under- p,metical of any such organizations civilian defense tiaining in that 79 six to twelve months basic mathe- in the United States army.
of the Midwestern Student War Council, it is stated, shall be to coordinate the war effoits of member
schools.
Another phase of defense studied at the confei ence was an laid piotection. The Univeisjty was recog-
cei’tain number of specified colleges including a year of algebra, trigthroughout the nation aphd then nonietry and analytical geomeb?. finishing witji premeteorological The advanced meteorological pEptraining and advanced courses at gram will accept those with two larger universities. years of college study, including two Under this program, students at years of mathematics, various stages of their training will All applicants must be aWe to be inducted into the Army on an pass the minimum physical reqnixoactive status and will be given from ments for reseiTe combat oflliiebs
standing, a study was made of the,, the schools lepresented. Manpower Mobilization Corps at . ,a a. ■ A. ., ,. , . As a result of this conference,
the Univeisity of Michigan. ’
A- /• A •-lie Midwestern Student War Coun-
Ihis Coips 1 unctions to co-
oidinate the war activities of cam- organized. It was drawn up
students have recently completed matics and physics training. Foi- bers of the enlistedi reserve COtl^S an air laid warden’s training lowing this, eight months of pro- are eligible for this” prograhl sS course. The course was sponsored fessional training in meteorology well as civilians, both men infl by the Civilian Defense Committee at the graduate level will be given, women. Applicants must be ever of the Student War Council. The In spite of President Roosevelt’s years of age and under thirty, .same course will be given again order freezing all army enlistments, Dean Hoag will be available fftt next semester for those students applications are still being received group interviews eac^ houh, en tha who aie interested. Plans are also for this branch of the service. The hour, starting at 9:00 a. m. and being made for air raid drills and program is also open to women. tinning until 2:00 p. m. All illtair-
for this volunteer work. The Corps each campus Shall be to: co- inspections to be made in all houses Three plans have been set up to ested students should report to operates an employment bureau for ordinate war efforts on the indi- and residence halls on the campus make students, enlisted men and personnel office in the BxeOQtilW student help in defense industries vidual campus, alleviate local labor next semester. civilians eligible for this training, building as early today as
pus oiganizations and also to al- on a "pattern very similai to that leviate local manpowei shortages of the Michigan organization. The by the use of volunteei student help. Council sets out that the purposes 1300 Michigan students registered of the individual war boards onS'*
■
-fi f ‘ ir<)
VageS
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, December J7, 1942
Purdue Exponent O'ficcs EditerIM and Eutmcsfc Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 SpMti, Pieldhouie, Phone 27^2 Editorial Phone After TO p m 5377
Editor Busincs Manoeor Noma Editor Manaxinit Eduar t epior Advert sms Mamser pprtajEditor Coed Etitor Cord BaRdnean Fneent ve
W illioni G Hoskins Gerhard H Klouman kohert W Bosw inkle Dole F But* Tames A FeTt> Joseph S t)a«son Sall> Beall A Jane Keim
Publication Staff Lditorial S air Atsociale Fditora B I tailor I T Rulnrl n T I Tiltiii WiH, Tvson W I Vti mil on M L Smith C C Mai tin iJeJI E MUrphs Coed biaff PiiWn Mnnn Mar h i Lt< Rii,i s Carolyn Wilbur Elaine Ahr ns Sports S all t S iiarl J Aek i nan D Shiiir R Smitl
dustiness Staff Assistant Advertisinir Manager J 1 il) i Advertiaina Manasrers T FI xon C Go i J Tabb Circulation Manager W RcckUnn aW Accounts Managerc Mary Dilts
7 McCullough
The Purdue Independent
Editor in C hicf
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Murphi Issue Editor Abliett Day Editor Ahrens Sports Editor Smith Reporters Lt nham M in*-! \i Ft''sjthc Yargar Parsons Helffnch Edmcn on Goodemugli^^^ Enter! il ns occ nd c ass matt r nt the post office in Lntay ette Indiana under the act of Congrtss of March 3 18(9 and at the special rate i f postage provided for in section 1108 act (f October 7 191 authoi used Januaiv ’0 1922 Publi hed on Tuesday Thursdav Friday and Siindnv in inings during the vc i Dcln r 1 1 calh 1 c r i for '81 " fc r a seme ter or 88 00 frr two semf U by mall for $2 00 for a stmestrr or 83 0 fd two bcincst is Represented for national advertising b\ National Advertis mg Ser ice Inc College Piiblibhcrs Representatives 420 Madison Avc New York N Y
Lt. Roberr J. Gagen
Richard Hyman
1 foimti Unntisiti stuticiit icccncd Jiin wini^s al (1 his coiTimiscion as n stcond IieiitLii iiit in the Aimj Ai Pouts It {Tiaduition t\tui ts held ucentl\ at Sptntt Field Gtoitii
Robert- W. Jackson
iloimti Unntisitj student ieeeived his win^b and CQniiiiivsiein as a setond lieutenant in the Aim\ An I'01 CCS at giaduation txeiciscs held ucentlv at Spence h icld Geo gia While it the University Jack son Wi-t on the spoils staff oi the Exponeiit Jean Thiehekt medical tech junioi at Univeisity ol Minnci-ota didn t know tie meanin, of the teim “date’ when she aiiived liom Mtlbouim Univeisitj in Au iialia i i ti in'-iei tudent Elghtt pti cent of tilt men in tin new iieshmui class of the I niveisitt of Vlithigan s tolleee of litei atdre, stienet and the arts havi been emolhd in inathematies oi physics eouises oi both Indi uia Unneisitj is eeltbiatm„ with a compie befthivt projfiam the seventy fifth anniyeisuj of ad Wihflion of women on an eiiuahty with men to its rhissi ooms
This Is It... Now we have it A definite, concise piogiam for the male college students of the United States lb beginning to see light We knotv wheie ws’ie headed now, and we can begin to do something about it One of the factois contiibutmg most libeially to student delinquency m studies in the past few semesteis has been a lack of tangible purpose—a futitle feeling that we didn’t know whethei we weie needed moie at the Umvefsity Ol in the armed ser\ ices We were caught in a whirlpool of conflicting opinions, lumors, recruiting drives and public sentiment, while the opposed attractions of romance and duty pulled on ns from both sides But now, in almost eveiything but uniform, we’re in the aim> Fieshmen and sophomores are scheduled to go at the beginning of next semester, and the fateful daj-s have been set for the end of next semestei foi juniois and seniors in ROTC and the Aimy Enlisted Reserves Students in Navy V-1, V-5 and V-7 will be allowed to giaduate The ticket has been wiitten and the executors appointed Those who leave school to go into the aimed seiwuces can be fairly certain, consideiing their training and experience, of having the oppoi tunity to c&me back after the three month “boot tiaining” foi further university work The path will be lough, but it is cleai ahead Freshmen and sophomoies aie likely to be sent out veiy soon, while those with further training will be allowed to lemain anothei semester The oldei students will take upon themselves the duty of putting their peisonal and collective houses in ordei before the day ot leckomng, in ordei that post-wai Purdue students may look forward to entering an institution complete with the time-honoied tiaditions and student institutions and organizations that are essential to university life These last few months of grace can be spent with a puipose in everj minute and in eveiy action Use these months as if eveiy bit ot added knowledge meant a life ^aved—wgh
o ME m the Field Aitilltij who wds lepoited mibfain^ m action in the Philippines list Mav has been cfli i ilh Imtecl ib ji pimonei ot w ii aeeoulinf, to a telegiam lectned b\ his fathei HtnivW Gaf,en of L, t \ ette
<nt.e mSMQK MERRY-GO-ROUND By DREW P^ARSpN.^^ Elder^ Considers Pplish AlcohoS The Best For Making Rubber; AFL Opposes Labor Unity Plan WASHINGTON—Puiely by iccident A f u-itina his thiown signiticmt light on the U S synthetic lubbci piogiam and the way wc have concentrated most of it in the hands of Stan laid Oil of Kew Jci scy’s patent pool Recently, Argentina a'ked the State Depaitment foi pel mission to use the Polish synthetic lubbei p'oecss, now being opeiated by the Publikei Com pin-\ in Philadelphia Aigentini also fices an acute ruhbei shortage and aftei caictul leseaich decided this was the best way to t,et lubb i The Polish pioeess is similai to the Russian uses giRin alcohol rather than petroleum as its base The German process also uses alcohol, though it was the petroleum process which Standard Oil and I G Farben agreed to keep from the United States and othei World ^markets A group of Midwest senators has urged the use of alcohol rubber made from U S gram leserves rather than rubbei from petroleum, which IS needed for high octane gas How ever, when Argentina requested use of the Polish process, the State Departinent, not Wanting to reveai secrets to a country still dealing with the Axis, consulted Dr Vlbert L Elder, chief of the War Division ot the Patent Office, which handles secret war patents • Wanted Fair Trials Di Eldei lephed that the Polish piocess was one ot the best means of making synthetic rubbei if not the be«t Howevei since it was bo longei a seeiefc and the Nazis had almost the same thing we saw no leason why Aigentina should not have it At this point it also leaked out that inside the Wai Production Boaid theie had been doubt legarding the petioleum piocess even at the time Jesse Jones was owaiding most of the lubboi contiacts to the Standaid of N J patent pool Di Eldei is also chief chemical adviser to the WPB and was oppo'Jcd to putting all U S lubbei eggs in one basket He tavoied at least giving the Polish piocess a fan tiial Chief opponent of the Polish process was Edwaid Weidlein oi the Mellon Institute whom Secietaiy Jones biought to Washington on a pait time basis as technical advisei to Rubbei Reseive The Baruch lepoit criticized the tact that Rubbei Reseive lelied on one technician who w is only on a pait time bisis but neveitheless the Baiueh lepoit concluded tint to save time it was bettei to pioceed with the petioleum piocess even though foundations foi the big new lubbei plants weie not jet laid 9 Standard Oil Cleans House Vftci Bel me Baruch wrote his rubbei report freezing the Jones Piogram because as he evplained theie was no time to make changes Baiuch told Wal tei 1 eagle chairman of New Jersei Standaid Oil Walter if vou den t come through on this synthetic rubber jou might ]ust as well go jump in the nvei Since then two highly significant things have Inp pened Rubber Czai Jcffeis has announced that the synthetic lubber program would be dangerously late Second several Standard Oil officials have lesigned or died Feagle himself resigned beiii„ leplaeed as ehai man by Ralph \ Gallagher one of the few Standaid Oil executive who had told the Justice Depanment piivately that Standard had made a mistake about operating with the Germans to keep i ubber pitenN trom the U S \ Gallagher s thesis was that if Standard was to sell gasoline the \meriean people must have tires On the same d ij that nev s stones idited th t Standaid s synthetic lubbei faetoiies might be la*e Piesulent William Finsh died Faiish Ci me lO tie top thiough the Humble Oil Co put ot tl e St indud gioup Ros« Sterling th'^n piesident of Humbl w n a paitnei of Jesse Jones iii vaiious entci puses nd Faiish oiew up undei them Many officials ol ! Standaid patent pool ui dei Paiish occupied kev po sitions in the RFC s Rubbei Reseive and weie ciiti cized in tongiess foi influenein„ tl e iibbei tonti i ts » Capif-al Chaff Ambassador William Phillips new envov to Inoia is an old Harvaid tnend of FDR which is one leason for his appointment Col Donovan foi w hom Phil bps worked in London didn t find the same beauti fully groomed diplomat much help in stiinng up levo lution in occupied countries was about to let him out So the President sent him to India State Depirt meiit officials aic tiying to solve the mysteij <t the disappeaianee ot the Bey of 1 unis Sidi Jloncet Pacha and also the I reiich resident geneial ot 1 unis be iided Vdmiral 1 stev i As an ittermath ot the Ifostoii fire Washington s Stage Dooi Canteen has limited its attendane'e to jOO men at one time and has cut i dooi through the wail loi an evlri liie exit 9 AFL Refuses the ippeaianec ol Leoiiomie Stabihzei Jimmy Byircs in AFL CIO unity negotiiGons w is i list mu ute mineuvei by TDRloloice i peicilul nei ^e ot the iiv il 1 iboi gioiips Howevei the dove il e ( y h id How n the cote Neitiei s)(i(^ cspec illy AFI leuleis enleit lined inj pi letit il notion ibout getting lo„ethei despite the liigh tlown 11 ig wi\in„ a<ements ibout lilci pete by loth Bill ( leeii u d Phil Mu y it hen icspeetiv eonvenlions Hi'- yeti V niei ei '•otmds all light in them v But in pi t flee it vvoiild me ui the houseeleaning ot too manv union tycoons in msliv job So the most thit could be hoped toi when the unitv lugotiators sal down togethei w as w hat h ippened—a jui isdietional ti iiee toi the duiation But Bv rues earned the ball as lai as he could He told the Al L and CIO negotiators that the President earnestly desired i i eeoneilialion ol 1 ibor to end muon dispuates in wai plants and expedite pioduelion \ unified laboi movement in Vraenea lie also s ud would have a gnat effect on the rest ol the worlJ By 1 nes t illowc 1 Hus p isuisive uj unmnt with v 111 opositions (1) Ihit the An ind (10 leunile immedi i' s with Guen ai d Vliuny is to piesidcnts an 1 wtH out jui isdiction il uoblemsHil i it t joii t con ntion at which i single iiic'-idtiit iind cm ei livt coin il wind 1 he chosen (2) That Hu t\\ o oi g iiii/itions leui ite w ith ( i ec n ind Muiiay is eo heads toi the iluiation ud Init an aibitiatoi oi leteiec supeiseding both Gieon ind Muiiay be nanud bv the Piesuknt to lule on juiu dictional squabbles (Copvnght 1942 liy Unitid leituie Syndieati Ine* )
‘You’ie SLue, now doctor, that the army won’t want you ’til you finish my operation V’
University Calendar Thursday, December 17
3 00 P M Seieen Review 4 00 P M Women s Pan Fellenic Kid Paity 6 30 PM Sei 101 Cnem Banquet 7 30 P M PI IV hop—Foi Mil Of iL Stall
Hall of Music VV'^ Faculty Lge Union E Faculty Lge , Union Eliza Fowlei Hffll
Today's Screen Review
News—9 min. Land ot the Quintuplets—10 min What About Daddy‘s—10 min. Mr. and Mrs. America—20 min. Hero Worship—10 min. Yankee Doodlei—10 min. Information Please—10 min Vanishing Piivate—7 min
4.07-4-17-
3.00—4-27-3 10-4:37-
Out-
-4:44 -4:53 -5:03 -5:13 -5:33 -5 43 -5:53 -6-00
The Ratio
to
CHI OS Iin PH JACivPOT ihe Chi O hous ic n bles l M (st I 1 cLI 11 me i o 'lift ny w ith 1 1 the ■'v c IV doati -’itui i In otici wo Is le pi lee lit lall iscl-s with n V iin-,s ind pins Rin hue "(el 11" will n hngcis oi Miity Roscnciantz done ly A10 V iliv Gudtnei leinnc P it) lel b\ In n I 1 u 1 H il i list \ eu s SAI ind the hxponents piidc in 1 10 I ' in e Mnens to i luel \ .,uj it \oith estein In Ihf vviy ol pins tee cai le up n Vlph C!i Pho in Bill I owe planted 1 1 dgo oi Jo i i Sanioid nl DeUi C' Di 1 Fed oi Gun v Milltn !oi I THE I AS PHI PSI Lookm out lo then own ii tci esls cieht Thetas fought off lorty Phi Psi list Situic'iv atteinoo i in H c h si oi i eiiG, ot snow b i tics on H c I he i lawn wshov i supi hu n n slieiuth and end i uiee the Ti t s tii . llj ioiecd Hit boys lo l)e„ me I il ii tic iik ot ht.,gin., i t ite 10 t c I icii H t Si 111 \us lie \ in li le 1 ulo i fuht 1 11 \ weel Pc !, hopin., they h t et le L ( l i the toi 1
Dui VI X QULl Y y ) L ( k1 t le V 0 little moiris (o on then wcddin tight' H by I u e e*" 1 ICC y ) 1 ivc i w h U the i 1 1 I 1 t si He 0 1 lei Bocl ( IV ic iV ipp 1 i u' D 1 Meiei Bell senioi 1 h(?y vycic hiteh d seeielly oi i little t i ti Wdmolte !i x ''it 11 day It 'nol s ]il c ihose (> in 1 t lien 1 m yy h L t! e it le hill 1 doin., ifl(i all fongiats OH 'vOU PI PHI S Mil) Mil'oi u e lal one h ot i time list y cel en ! She eiiiif home y ith lui met i ihbiL hai colt singed on the cuffs oi whcie they used tile ghc said it yvas be c lust he tl led lO put his ii m ai ound 11"! tiiee time C iwd what an II ill' MORI AND MORt RINGS Bill Shimei I hell Ghi tool the fust lep ilong the load lo i bad ind chill when he enclosed Anita Woisltys fin.,ei \ ilh i spiille one yvsck i d live ( iy-> i.,t>
By G. B. Wu Oui Cinnmon Enemy, The Japanese To quote the solciUn woids of Col mei Ambaasadoi Joseph Giew le "cntly ictuined fiom Japan “The Japanese yvill fight with all the foiee and powti at then command until they le utteily ciUsl ed ” He meant that Japan is a povvciful fighting machine Hci moiale cannot and will not Le b oken even by successive defeats, and vv'ill cettainly not be broken by eOonhmic hkrdbhfps The Japs, individually and collectively aie glad to snciiflce then lives foi then empeioi and then nation They can be bioiight to oaith only by complet defeat in battle The Japanese, in the piesept vvai against China have fallen tai be low the standaid lequiicd of a mem bei ot the family of nations The atiocities they have committed lep lesent the ugly side of the Japanese people The ciuelty, biutahty and utter bestiality of the Jap military machine winch biought on this war shoyvs this side As waiiiois, they aie in the habit ot mowing down fleeing lefugecs of the town they aie captuiing Aftci entering it they take all men suspected of be ing ex soldiers as piisoneis, and kill them without tiial or cause The plundeiing and buining of a city, especially the wcalthiei sections, is in then cl nly diet The abandon ment of themselves to laige scale looting laping and muidering is a family tiait’ As mihtaiy occupants they would besides continuiiu the lawlessness desciibed above foice the peoples illegiance ovei to then side by com pellin„ them to cekbiate and wtl come the J ipancse occupation A common n ethod ot demoializing the eonqucied i by establishing opium dens the minute they set foot in a place This (lugging by naicotics is even '^ubsidi""d with Japanese capi tal loi open sale to the jioor One cannot im igine a naiiowei gieed than one which exploits the wai time lums ot a lelitively docent so eiety bv diawmg the hingiy sick and helple ^ down the false load th it leads onlv to dcsti action Moicovei Hioy e'en itionalize the people to eh 111 extent that they mij cease '■o be h im in beings This takes the ten in ot thought eontiol t lined out by the Pacification Goips Ol puppet police 11 d the piopagand i bianeh rhc> 1 y to convneo ihc lie01 k th t they hive nothin to te 11 tl nil (he iimv I i geneial ehe J ips hue 0 n is„c \ £ eel e C pile '■he h V occ ipnel Ih it tnev 1 ivc ce I veiled t uno xiles ol 1 ISP V The Jan u e c p s ion foi e e sti u Hon IS se ncHiig hevo d Itliel They complcxi y pull ('own 1 ns to look toi s( 1 ip ni t il Ih ngs 1 ke 1 athtub tixtuie aidev ntoci nob lo ship liaek lo Jajian A Stic legists in pioseeu ion ol (hew 1 J ip nilitiiist do nol lies 1 ite 0 me eim uni bullets oi lo employ iioisoi gas v\len liny le coil cicd ai el an\ ous le ist ince Toi i speedy advirce Aciial bonding-, uicl m ichino f,unning ot i on ca i batants to s it] tj then hlooe' thiisty dcsiic foi n flicting injui s uc iko put ot then methods of tighti j. And not only all Hus but th y also ink without warning and setlue lo fishing u el t aek junks v/hieh have the whole 1 imilv voiin^ lul old oi
board e Piisoneis aie starved and ^often tfeatod with unmercifijl giuelty. In, ofte case, a British soldier, held as 1 piisoner of whi, was kickeef afltfijJ a lib in hiS chfeSt was srtihshed, artel thou one of the Jap police located the bioken bone and hit it as haid as he could They h^ve no respect foi Hie United States whatsortvei 'Jfoey look upon Ameiicans as constitutional wehklings, demanding thcii' daily comfoits and unwilling to make the saciifices foi victory Mr J B Powell, noted Ameiican editor of the China Wedkly itevneW, had a pfice on his head, artd when he was Anally caught by Ehe Japs, he was seriously maimed as a result of ill tieatmcnt leceived in his prison cell Dm mg the days of waiting in Yokohama for the Gripsholm to ■- ail, sevei al Americans told Ambg^sadoi Gi ew that they wlortld toinmit suicide lathei than return to then impiisonment m Japan Then tl eatment of Christian miSsionaiies is unspeakable After iilis-j Sionaries have for years done re maikable woik in elevating the standaid of living to a more human level, they lepay them by toituie The missionaries receive the famous water cured and Salt-Ciucd tortme® Anothei usual thing is tie them with lopes m such a way that only then toes touched the ground When they sagged from exhaustion, the lopes cut into then lips ciuelly They were held m this way foi days, and when they begged for watei, they Japs letuuied only blank stales As then want foi watei meieased, the Jap soldiers’ little joke was to offer them ^ome tepid watci m a sanitary slop pail This they weie foiced to dunk The United States inteiest m China does not mean anything to the Japs Millions of dollars of pi op city and lives have been lost Then fiist objective was to demolish ehuiches chapels schools missions and hospitals These bombings were piotcsted by Geneial MacAithui only a few days ago The Japanese is a good fightei He can fight on i bowl of iice but he cannot fight without his bowl of lice The Chirose is a good fightei He cart fight thioe days without his bowl ot lice That is why vve win How can we lose’ Give us planes and heavy artillci j and we will cli I'Ye them out of China as fast as they come in Alpha Sigma Phi \ social tiatOinity announces the initi iHon of Robeit Vin Veld, Hebion Paul Sh oedci Roelicstci N A ind Cl IV ton Wendwaid I e m liud HI me! the ple('_,ing of Rich ud AKhou e Oilaido FI Robeit Holthou'-c lawieneebmg Tenn , D n Blown Ando son RohotBii' lev Muncie Kobeit Rlowann /ion, III ind J lel W1 item in Eeiwiids Mile 111
HELD OVER
UIFd«iTf£
TODAY FRIDAY - SATURDAY
m>YmPB8A6AHi OF THE ROY ROGiRS "Gabby" Hayes Mans Wnxon
HOItE OF
SPOiHSWFUR
HENRY ROSENTHAL CO. 322 Mam St
hKiH
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Hang on to Yowr Dough Boys, This Guy Wi'l Swipe Anything'
’latamt:
EUWARD6.
ROBlliSOli URCiNV
INC”
Allhndsofthteve^y done-ciutck '3#y"jH**il8l****
A NSW
WARNER BROS HIT JANE BRODERICK JACK WYMAN-CRAWFORD-CARSON
Plus
A Musical Comedy Full of Laughs Surprises' DOWN ARGENTINE WAY IN TECHNICOLOR with DON AMECHE BETTY GRABUE
taliDiBcemb4r i
Uoi^mmaker
Masline Succeeds
■ . By Jim Ackerman ;-
•I'^Wc^rfeing dut in the wrestling room for the past few weeks; theiRiveter. grapplers are fast getting in shape for their, first pjatches with Illinois, January 9. Under the tutelage of Claude Redclt and with the aid of many men who are out for the allcampus wrestling tournament, about teii to fifteen varsity men and a like number of freshmen —^—— — .
prepare for their coming sea-
son! 'v ,,
So ifar about 65 or 70 fellows are out for the all-campus tournament, but many more
me?l ' lE:o«ld' still make thCiiselVes Sueceed.ilig'Ken Ddwson of Terry available if'tHey desired. The fel- House, Bill Masline, newly ap"ioWs thaCc^Crtihid’bUt do not need any pointed manager of Cary Hail athpydVibM’^ixperieriee as they will be letics,’will take over Ms duties of aided by Coach Reeck and the var- Jntramural manager in the near sifcygrappierk‘The finals in the dif- future. Bill was appointed manager
f^yent weights will be run off some last Monday.
time after Christmas vacation. The duties of the Cary Hall intraEv«r Unexperienced Has Chance athletic manager is to aid the .■™, V ■ , • intramural department in the Field-*
-’The matches will be divided into
Netmen
Madison, Wis., Dec. 16—With in- lu preparation for Saturday night’s tu.ssle with Notre Dafeiefd door track starting this week at Irish in South Bend, Coach Ward “Figgy” hstmMrt sepi life Wisconsin, (loach charges through a short but intense drill last night. . ^ Piggy concentrated most of his efforts on perfecting;.Ms
► Fencing Coming To The Top V For the past couple of months a small groupk of comparatively inexperienced fencers .have been working.out in a little room on. the third floor of the Fieldhouse. Handicapped by the lack of a Salaried, veteran coach, these fellows, entirely bn their own initiative, ai e'^u^ug their best
to make the art of fencing University. ' . .
Tom Jones, veteran Badger track mentor, expects some'of his top „ _ , , ^ , , , , • . - i track talent to come from Harry La,ter a short scrimmage session waa h«d stuhidreher’s great 1942 football with a White team composed of Rudy Lawson,MyrwmAEHjer-
squad.
Jones, who is starting his 30th yea» of coaching at Wisconsin, is not too optimistic about prospects for the squad this year. Although
popular, top-rankiiig sport here at the grad-
uation, he fears that calls to mill-
Frosh Mermen
► Leffers, NumeraSs To Be Given .'Oiily this'ybah fencirig Was declared a varsity sport .■. . minor letters will be given',to the deserving upperclassmen on the squad, while numer-
als will be awarded to freshiiTen..-
tba'ee classes of experienced, semiexperienced and novice, and these Will ipelude- the various weights. There ’are .Many, opportunities for fellows |0n the wrestling team as there is a shortage of men in the 121 and 128 pound classes,
vareity material,
Next Saturday afternoon at 2 p. in. there Will be intrasquad matches again,,either on the gym floor of the Fieldhouse or in the wrestling room. Last Saturday there were quite a riuniber of very interesting inatche.s with about a'half dozen eliding in draws. The Inatches'coming up will be mainly between the varsity and
frosh grapplers.
' Some of the varsity men who will see action in this coming intrasquad meet will be Ruggieri, the Big Ten
house to plan activities for the men of Cary Hall and to set up the various sport schedules. The manager holds the position for twb semesters and at the end receives a manager’s
sweater.
Masline is well qualified to fill the'pb'St-left by retiring manager Ken Dawson, as Bill has just led his unit to victory in the Cary Hall trophy race. Masline’s unit won by a few points over their nearest rival. Northwest Hall, in the past two weeks. Unit B had Bill as their dnit athletic manager.
son, Eddie Ehlers, AI M^nke and Bob Morrfs opposihg a Gold team made ap of Mnic Biggs, Ralph Brower; Jack Swantz, Don MeVey and Ddffy Friend. Nothing was decided
Varsity and freshmen swimmers by this tilt because it ended in a will be provided with their first 26 to 26 split decision, opportunity for competition since However, Bob Morris’furnished the Aquacade, held a couple of the bright light for the White sqUad weeks ago, when the two squads as he copped high. scoring honors, engage in one of their annual intra- The largest factor in the Gold atsqnad battles. tack was Max Biggs, who shone Coach Papenguth expects to have brightly in the point making departthe greater part of his team in ment. Another feature of the sea-
men on the yearling squad this year who will battle in the intrasquad matches. One standout is Natke from Proviso High School of Chicago who was state champion in the
, micldleweight class. Another out-
heavyweight title holder; Barwegen, . .. . t, ,1,4. u 4. 4 4, 4.1, .standing-man IS Parsons who fights
tary duty at the end of the current semester'will break up what Would otherwise be a good team before the season can start in Februai-y. - Elroy “Ghost” Hirsch, halfback,
^ IX r ' ix • r who now holds the state broad jump ► Kaufman, Koerner Chief Threats title, leads the list of recruits from Aaron Kaufmaii, president of Silver Mask and acting,coach of the the gridiron. He broke the Universquad, is the Boilermaker’s chief threat in the epee divisioh along with sity fieldhouse record as a fresh-
Koerner, ailtithev veteran.-Three newcomers who made fine showings in ™an last year with a leap of 23 action on Saturday afternoon, and was the dribbling and mid-air the Notre Dame, meet two weeks agO are Bryant, foil; Swanker, epee, and feet, 8% inches. He can soar six it will be a chance for Boilermaker "’diking of flashy Eddie Ehlers.. ; Thiele, saber. feet in the high jump, too, oi- clip swimming followers to get a pre- Lambei-t’s group of spirited bas-
off 40 yards in 4.5 seconds. , view of the new team. The second ketball youngsters, though vietofAshley Anderson,'who performed of these meets is scheduled for ious in two out of three starts ki
Although the schedule is not officially made up, several prospects are brilliantly as quarterback in the sometime in the middle of January far this season, face a strenuous asbeing considei’ed. A retiu-n meet with Notre Dame at South Bend is deft- Minnesota game, will take to the prior to the opening of the season, signment over the coming week end
pole vault. He tied for fourth place Chicago Opens, Season as they wind up the “oM year” ae-' in his first Western Conference Because of the uncertainty of tivities against the Irish on Saturchampionships last winter at 13 transportation, and qf who will be day and then tackle Washington feet. in the armed forces, it has been University of St. Loui^ here on the Jim McFadzean, halfback, is a ^b.-r.cult to draw up a definite sched- following Monday. ’ ■ veteran in the sprints and broad However, the tentative schedule Although the comparatively inexjump. In 1941 he placed fourth in for Chicago to provide the op- perienced Riveter varsity, playing
► Several Meets In The Making
heavyweight, who starved for the Riveter eleven this fall; Eviston, letter winner from last year; Davis, Paratore, all from last year; along with Platt, Steudel, Klein and Net-
tesheim.
There are many promising fresh-
If You Want Good Work Oh Your Gariuents SEE JOE'S TAILOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
in the I2l pound class and hails from the same school as Natke. Prom as far east as New Jersey comes Roberts who will be a valu,able asset to' the future varsity, and from the South is Dunn from Tulsa, Okla.: Some more promising freshmen are Davis, brother of Velmar Davis, who is on the varsity, and Seiler and Lautzenhiser. These men will all show their wares this com^ ing Saturdaj' in the intrasqu,acl matcher, which will be open to the public.
nlte, but the date has not been set as yet. In all probability, the Riveters will meet teams from Wisconsin, Northwestern, Chicago and North Man-
chester in the near future.
It may take a little time, but these fellows willbe heard from before
very long because they reall5f love to fence.
► Wisconsin-Notre Dame Game That Wisconsin-Notre Dame game the other night must have been something to watch. It seems that the team.s were tied at the half and at the end of the regulation time; then Reesberger sank one in the overtime to give the Irish the victory 61-59. It looks as though Johnny Kotz, Wisconsin All-American from last year, is in for an even better season this year. The Badger push-shot artist riddled the Notre Dame defense for 21 points before going out of the game on fouls.
► Big Ten Teams Tbugh
Illinois, minus only their regular center,—Viv Wukovits, from last year’s team, should be able to put up a strong defense of their Big Ten . .
title come next semester. Iowa, with Co-Captains Chapman and Trickey varsity togs
the Big Ten broad jump, and he piled up 24 points in competition
last season.
Pat Harder, Wisconsin’s outstanding fullback, is expected to try out for the sprints arid hurdles. Pat was a s^ar in track in high school and has shattered records in intramural meets while at the University, but this will be his first
leading the attack, are walking all over their early season opponents as are Minnesota and Indiana. Northwestern and Ohio State have been beaten, but it still looks like a mighty tough Big Ten race ahead.
IM Schedules
Another prospect is Eugene Lyons, left end, who did a good job for Joiies in the hurdles as'a sophomore. He did not compete last
year, however.
Two strong point-winners are
In Swim Heet
lost from the 1942 squad by grad- announcements will be made at the
position in the curtain raiser on without the services of a singld senJanuary 23. Ohio State is scheduled ior, has shown flashes of offensive to bring its ,star-studded aggrega- power in its initial trio of contests, tion here on February 6. Ohio State it is apt to more than have its hahJs has one of the best teams in the full in attempting to remain on the nation. ’ victory road against both the Irish
All participants in the recent and the Bears.
Aquacade will be honored tonight The twelfth renewal of the series atia banquet. Included among those ^ith Notre Dame, which was imbeing honored are members of both pressive as it tripped up Northwesthe Dolphin and Triton swimming tern, provides the immediate probclubs, and the Glee Club. Roy lem for-the Riveters. Although the Heidke who broke two world’s rec- Boilermakers have won 9 of 11 conoids during the Aquacade, will also teSts against the boys from Sdu^ be honored. Bend, Coach Lambert is fully a^’kire Guy Mackej-, Athletic Director, of the fact that it will take a more is scheduled to give the main talk consistent style of play than has of the evening. Several important been shown so far this season if his
nation—Capt. Bill Williams, who won or tied for the conference pole
Christmas Cheer forlhiisb'an'clsj
it's easyjdjhopjhe_
imy
Here’s hdwij ' - a -.f, lost mcike the^Barblzoft labef of quality your shopping guide! Choose this lovely Joyce Slip of Dalton Gowrt' (of both) fof| the lady of your heart, and she'll label YOU !loDs5’r
the JOYCE slip J’oji won't know what this means—• but she will. The JOYCE SLIP has a charming camisole top and a free-actioii .skirt that can’t twist or ride. Atid cveii you. will ap]>i’^ciale the soft loveliness of the rayon Satin Romola fabric! Petal Pink or White. Short length, 31-37. (. Medium lengin, 32-40. the DALTON gown Can't you just picture her in this Bafbizon beauty It's just as alluring in Petal' Pink rayon Crepe Romola, with embroidered Bluebell. a,s it is with Petal Pink embroidery on Bluebell. Sizes .‘M-'i4.
A recheck in the results of the vnterfraternity swim meet has disclosed an error in the final standings, and Phi Kappa'and Sigma Chi have been declared champions. According to the previous and incorrect standings, the Sigma Nu swimmers also shared first place. The final results of the meet are: Phi Kappa and Sigma Chi,., with 15 points apiece, first; Beta Theta Pi, 14 points;second; and Kappa Sigma and Si.gma Nu, 13 points apiece, third. The members ot the first place team.s are as follows—Phi Kappa: McCabe, Galloug'ly, Parsons, Kujawa, Nemeth, Parker, and. Ruff; Sigma Chi: Blanks, Wamble, Gohman, Piltchard, and Marshall. :
The first series of play-offs in the Interfraternity Basketball was played Tuesday evening, with Pi Kappa Alpha winning over Lambda Chi Alpha and Delta Upsilon winning’over Phi Kappa Tau. Thursday evening on Court 1 at 7 o’clock Be.ta Theta -Pi will play the winner of the Kappa Delta Rho vs. P: Kappa Alpha match and at 7:15 on C^ourt 1 Pi Kappa Phi will meet the winner of the Phi Delta Theta vs. Delta Upsilon match. Pilarski ‘ and MeVey will be the officials for Thursday’.s battle. On Friday evening at 7 o’clock, Court 1, the two winners of Thursday’s matches will
play for the championship. Euier- Bauer, Frank Stafford, “Rip
banquet, including the recipient of the Dolphin trophy which is award-
vault championship five out of six ed to the swimmer either varsity or
times in his college career, and Byron Zolin, the best quarter-miler Wisconsin has had for several
years.
Most of last year’s veterans will be returning. These include three conference champions — Gil Hertz and Bob Hodgell, high jumpers, and Bob Bcierle, shot putter,. Beierle
■freshman making provement.
the . most irii-
basketballers are to finish on top. . Not only does Notre. Dame boast of a 56 to 44 win over the WildcktSj but they also have beaten one othermajor opponent in. Wisconsin. In this latter contest they carried off. top honors in spite of the fact that the veteran Johnny Kotz tossed iri 21 points for the Badger ckuse. His efforts just overshadowed the acicomplishments of one Bob Paught, who racked up 18 markers on the
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
son and Pilarski. will officiate.
Lee Farmer, Iowa sprinter and broad .jumper, is hoping that, the Big Ten won’t cancel the indoor title track meet of next March—i he wants tq defend his 60-yard dash and running broad , jump titles. Farmer Ls a junior who was the best Hawkeye track team scorer last season.. , .
Terminating fourteen weeks of
was team high scorer last year with howling in the All-Campus Bowling Insh tptal. Faught has consistently 67 points and will be the 1943 cap- Tournament is the final playoffs to “ the Note
be held in the Union alleys on Sat- Uame attack this season and is e^-
Also back are Johnny Towle and urday, December 19. Tonight is the ^ next Saturday Dave Soergel, sprinters; Jerry >ast night for teams t.o better their ^
pg. present standing, and it is the last lo all probability, Lambert wHI night for bowling re,gularly sched- stick to virtually the same llrieup uled .games. that has worked in the last two ■|fl|s The campus teams are divided against DePaul and Butler, ■wife into tw’o brackets, each containing Gapt. Allen Menke, rangy center,
twelve teams. Thg two top teams in each bracket will roll in the playoff. Present standings indicate*that several teams are still in the run-
russe, Don Hay, and Bill Schafer, middle distance men; Bill Lohr, Jerry Baird, and Harry Hill, distance runners; Dick Moreau, high jumper; Bob Ray, weight man; Lawrence Hadley, javelin thrower; and Wally Lambert, hurdler. Every one of these men is enlisted in reserves of the army, navy, or marines, so the squad would be severely cut if all reserves were
, called up.
and Floyd “Rudy” Lawson, battling’ guard, as the lone holdover players of any appreciable experience, L Ed Ehlers, brilliant sophomdre
hing for positions in the final play- from South Bend, whose all-aromid offs. floor play, dribbling,-and shootitig ' has been outstanding, will team wife
Lawson at the guard post, wMle-a
How’s this for a geographical mix-up. . . . Seymour Brodner, Iowa sophomore forward, was born in New Yoi’k City, went to'high school in Siin Francisco, and now lives in Sioux City . . . he played one year on the University of California
freshnian team.
three-way fight has developed fpr the forward berths, with Jack Kennedy, husky sophomore; Myrwih “Red” Anderson, ball haw junior, and Bill Kercheval, fast shooting sophomore, as the competitors. On returriing'^ to the home .front' Monday, the Boilermakers ’wiK h® faced with the problem of stopping the high-scoring. Bears from Wash-.i ington of St. Lbaidj’who will be li^lby Captain Jack Dai-iiton, who le'ef the Missouri'Valley in‘scoring. year with an average of 14.5 point's
per game.
home-like atmosphere Qf the Browsing Room. Every type of reading matter.
YOU'LL WANT ONE, TOO Don't try to carry everything in your mind—-carry it in your ROBINSON REMINDER Each memo a separate coupon — tear out when attended to. Keeps live notes only. $1.00 to $8.00
THE MEMORY SYSTEM THAT NEVER FORGETS
ROBINSON REMINDERS
Opposite East Desk - Purdue Memorial Union
Pifioic BHKf umv
tuu .UItttI
Aqui^c^e Performwi To Hold Banquet loR^W • All ]ie'i’syns;who performed in’ihe aquacade w'ill. meetfehiiS ' afthfilOlM' at 5:15 with CoaeJi Dick’’Papefigufe in Room 363 of the Unioiijfor diniifeiand entertainment. ; Dplphin, itnd Triton Club members'ah'well as the Glee Club are to attend the dinner in celebration of this year’s performances. " ' Following the'meal there will he .group singing'-ahd later movies of i lorida afid Olympic swimming will be -shown. Bowlers To Hold Playoff Saturday Ibis is the final week of conipei .titio;i in the all-campus bowling' counuimeut... The play-offs will h®' held oh Saturday afternoon at 2 ojitile alleys in the Union building;. I he piayrofts will be held. betyveen the two top yanking teams in eahK' ot the two brackets competing in the tournament. .. / The last round of bowling held bbre'tke finalists are chosg'n. respective brackets wilt be tonight.r* '■
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, Decethber '1, t, T94S^^
'•Si
immiiiltiJSmif
Just' Looking Around
By Jack Abbctt and Jim Richardson
Again the government has decided to upset the male college students by telling them that they are as well as in the army. I^is might be what the government considers the best policy, but as to whether it is wise to keep telling the college student just what is going to happen to him, and each time telling him that it is going to be more severe, is definitely wrong. The attitude of the student to-
ward his school work is bad enough already and the consequences that will and are being felt by this laxity in studying Navy
surely can not help the Ameri- throughout the nation. About 260,-
000 men will be taken from the
Adivities Survey Personnel Notes AJC/s, Chi O's In
Calls For Seniors
ERC
(Continued from page 1) for use in universities
can school system. It might be wise to let things ride until the government is ready to take definite action on the question of allowing students to finish school and stick to
such policy after it is made.
The Germans are retreating, but it is not the same type of retieat that the Germans carried out after their defeat in Egypt. This withdrawal is an oiderly one and the
German enginefer.s are putting down gether in the same house.
ranks of the Army, Navy, Coast Guards, etc., to be trained in this
manner.
At a meeting of fraternity advisors and presidents Tuesday night Stewart told fraternity men to begin making plans for having the armed forces take over their houses for barracks. He stated that many of the fraternities might have to work out some arrangement wherein several fraternities would live to-
a.very e.xtensive mine field to hinder the advance of the British, and eyen now the Germans have drawn far ahead of the Eighth Army. Thi.s does not, however, clear aip the fact that the Nazis weie expected to make a far bettei stand at El Agheila. British reconnaisance planes have reported that the Germans are concentrating a large foice along the Greek coast that this points to no good foi the Turks and British in Asia Minoi. Ye.sterday the 77th Congress adjourned after a hard and somewhat successful two years, but theie has been much to be desired. It is hoped that the coming Congi ess will be in a better moo^ and better position to look after the affairs of a warring nation. This new Congress, it is hoped, will be the one to decide the peace of the world, and if this new Congres.s would only take a backwards look at the successes and failures of the last peace it might be able to bring about a peace that would be a model for the rest of the world. The attitude as expi essed so far by the new membeis is not too favorable to the policies of the President and this condition can only lead to a reeunence of the trouble that hampeied President Wilson in
1919.
R. B. Stewart pointed out that he and Dr. Elliott had agreed on a plan wheieb.v University fees, paid by men taken into the armed forces, would be refunded in proportion to the part of the semester the man has spent in school. This system is to be used only when the student is taken into the armed forces. A vote will be taken on this issue when the board of trustees meets this Saturday.
Ef/iott
Senate
(Continued from page 1) should represent at that time. Each member of the Senate listed above repiesents the class and school associated with his name except for the repi esentatives fiom the Pharmacy school, who also represent the Physical Education ^hool; and the members representing the Civil Engineers, who serve as agents for the Public Seivice Engineers, and Trade and Industrial Engineers as well. According to the rules governing the election, both first semester juniors and second semester sophomores were eligible for election as junior representatives. Likewise, second semester freshmen and first semester sophomores were eligible to become sophomore representa-
tives.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
(Continued from page 1) staff may attend the convocation. Ralph Ducster, retiring chairman of the Student Wai Council, will preside over the convocation, and will intioduce Nofman Augsburger, new chairman of the organization, befoie turning the meeting over to President Elliott. A1 Stewait, directoi of University musical organizations, will lead the audience in the singing of “Star Spangled Banner” and “Hail Purdue.” Piesident Elliott will remain here to piesent diplomas to members of the class of “1943” who have taken advantage of the speeded up program in order to bo graduated at the war-time commencement exercises on Sunday afternoon. Debris Business Staff Callout Today At 4 Debiis, University yearbook publication, will hold its fiist callout for fieshmeii and sophomore business staff woikers for the next issue, this afternoon at 4 m the business office located in the Union. The meeting is being hold tor a dual purpose. It ivill serve to acquaint the new workers with the function and operation of the business staff and to offer special instiaction in securing sales dining the coming registration. The main duties of the Debiis business staff are to handle the financial matteis of the publication which include subscription soliciting, accounts, and other functions. All freshmen and sophomores who are interested in this bianch of the activity, aie urged to attend
this meeting.
Seniors and underclassmen, who received postcards a month ago concerning the activities survey, are asked to report to the Activities Bureau office in the Union at their earliest convenience in order to fill out a questionnaire concerning the
future of campus activities.
The seniors play the most important part in this sui’vey because they are better acquainted with the campus activities. The questionnaire will only take about three minutes to complete, as it is just a matter pf checking one of a num-
ber of possible answers.
Peterson To Speak To Freshman Ags V. S. Peterson of the agricultural department of the Dupont Company will speak before all freshmen agricultural students this morning at 11. Peterson is a graduate, in agp’icultural engineering, of Kansas State College. He will discuss the industrial uses of farm products and give the results of recent studies which have led to wider uses of farm products and the development of new agricul-
tural chemical products. ^
Peterson will display a selection of chemicals being made from farm products, to illustrate the fact that large quantities of farm products are becoming weapons in the war as well as the implements of every-
day living and farming.
Garrett Wins Frosh Vocabulary Contest .Juanita Garrett, first semester science student, has been awarded first piize, a New International unabridged dictionaiy, for the highest vocabulary scoie in the freshman class. Each year these tests are given by the Department of English, and the prizes are provided by the G. S. C. Meriiam Company.
Companies to visit campus:
Radiation Labdr^tory, M. 1. T., Cambridge, Mass. — December 18. Interested in Physicists and EE.
Sign in Personnel Office.
Joint Meteorological Recruiting Board—December 17.'For further infoimation, inquire at the Person-
nel Office.
Socony - Vaccum Oil Company, New York—December 17 and 18. Interested in chemists and chemical
engineers.
Spartan Aircraft Company, Tulsa, Okla.—Interested in December and April AeroE. Sigi^ Personnel Office by Friday, 18. Calco Chemi^il Div., American Cyanamid Company, Round Brook, N. J.—Interested in Chemical Engineers, Chemists. Sign in Personnel Office by Thursday, Dec. 17. Mallinckrodt Chemical Works, St. Louis, Mo.—Interested in Dec. and Apr. ME. For further information, see Dr. Shreve, C & M Bldg. Placement Notes For Women Civil Service Announcements Junior marketing specialist (processed Fruits and Vegetables) $2000 per year. To assist in handling, marketing and distribution of processed foods. Must have completed four years of college work, including at least one course for each year in one of the following: agricultural chemistry, food chemistry, food processing, food selection and preparation, nutrition, horticulture. Junior inspectors. Wage and Hour Division, Department of Labor'. $2300 per year. To learn to inspect businesses to determine compliance with Fair Labor Standards Act. Requirements—four years of college work, including in each year at least three semester hours in courses such as labor economics, accounting, business organization, law, statistics, public admini.stration, or othercourses in the social scieirces. Applications will be accepted to Janu-
ary 5, 1943.
Zone deputy collector. Internal Revenue Bureau. $2000 per year. Requirements: combination of business experience and training. Chemist, Los Angeles, Calif., Water and Health Departments. For further infoimation concerning any of these opportunities, call (2955) the Placement Service for Women, Executive Building.
Prelinimaiy tests were given in all freshman composition courses, and students making higher scores on the first test weie given a final test on Friday of last week. Other prizes, copies of the Merriam Dic-
tionary of Synonyms, for top scores Prof. W, E. Howland
in the three divisions of English composition, have been awaided to John Rail, John Gchant, and Ralph Fox. All these prizes aie on display on the first flooi of the library.
Sigma Afpha Epsilon . . . social fiateinily, announces the initiation of Henry B. Abbett, West Lafayette: Kenneth M. Bradley, Foi't Wayne; Robert E. Coulee, East Chicago; Henry B. Cuiry, Decatur, 111.; Thomas R. Drinkwater, Chicago; Stanley G. Eaton, Hinsdale, 111.; Louis E. Gould, Dayton, Ohio; William L. Herrmann, Chicago; Clifford H. Johnson, Peoria, 111.; William L. Kercheval, New Albany; David M. Long, Newark, Ohio; Robert S. Monroe, Decatur, 111.; Robert A. Morris, Lebanon; David K. Needham, New Albany; David H. Rodgers, New Albany; Elwood C. Rodgers, Indianapolis; Robert C. Schimmel, Milton, Mass.; Allan J. Stanton, Cincinnati, Ohio; William S. Wagenhals, Chicag'o; Louis R. Ware, Wmnetka, 111.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Southworth’s
LITTLE BROTHER and SOPHISTICATED SISTER will be thrilled with a personalized gift from
mWi BOOK ^SUPPLY STORE
308-10 JTATE JTREEI WtST LAFAYETTE IND
PERFUME CLASSIC BY lEATHERlC Few perfumes have achieved the renown of lentheric’s Tweed—its friendly, forestfresh fragrance is the perfect note for daytime hours. Ensemble this perfume classic with the galaxy of Tweedscented toiletries offered by LENTHERic—bath requisites, Bouquet, make-up and special gift presentations—at prices which encourage you to indulge yourself! 7weed Perfume t4.50 to $46.00 if weed Toiletries' ^.froirr$1.0O^
Wreath Battle In the course.of the annual Christmas WreafSji battle between Alpha Tau Omega' fraternity and the Chi Omega sorckrity one of the ATO pledges, Don Robertson by name, found himself drawn by the strong arms of - the ladies into the Chi 0 shower. The question is what happened betweem the time he was seized and the time he reached the shower? Maybe the Chi O’s decided to breiKk the old rule and pledge
men.
At the last report the wreath was in the possession of the ATO’s, but the Chi O's st^ifed that the wreath would return to their house even if they had to invade the sanctum of the men to get it. Prof. Robert Phillips ... of the Unwersity department of History, Economics and Government and a past Lions Club International Director, acted as master of ceremonies; at a dinner meeting of the club 'last evening in the Union. On the committee for the banquet, given for the president of Lions Internationl, were ^Professors Degering, Carson Jacobs, L. Minier, Professor Rising, and Professor Lefforge. Professor Degering presided. Cabinet Members ... of the Roger Williams Foundation for the next semester are Helen Snyder, president; Kenneth Stapp, president of class; Don Werner, vice president of class; Bill Harmon, president of forum hour; Ray Goldsmith, vice president; Josephine Dix, secretary of cabinet; Wayne Stephenson, chairman of finance; Earl Huff, treasurer; Frances Beall, attendance secretary; Don Radke, devotions; Judy Worley, publicity; Virginia McCarty, social; Bob Evanson, music; Alberta Artman, religious council; William Spraker, news reel; Roger Scholtcn, loom; Laura Newcomb, foreign students; George Black, freshman counselor; Roger Euler, sports; and Louise Peterson, alum-
Daily Health Service Report
The Student Health Service reports the following- students have been admitted to St. Elizabeth’s Hospital for treatment: F. L. Parkinson, freshman, Engineering; R. D. Van Veld, sophomore. Science; M. M. Astrahan, freshman. Engineering, and R. S. Monroe, sophomore, M. E. The following have been admitted to the Home Hospital for medical treatment: D. G. ^tuhmer, freshman, Engineering, and Bruce Artz, junior, M. E. H. V. Taylor haff'been admitted to the Home Hospital for surgical treatment. Sylvia Pittman, senior, H. E., has been admitted to St. Elizabeth’s Hospital for treatment of a contagious disease. Henry Wilkens . . . president of Kappa Sigma fraternity, was recently awarded a certificate by the University chapter of AIChE for obtaining the highest index in the chemical engineering schools during his freshman and sophonjore years.
Notices
$ . •'i'' I.,:
PIA: The followinfe named'students call for their keys Monday, Dec. 21, bhttteem, 4 p. m. and 5 p. m. at the hlA office: GolC keys, L. J. Wdowka, J. Watson, J. Picsok,' C. Rezek, M. Vaughn, M. 'X'oung', J. Padlaf,', B. Dohrman. Brona^ keys, Jana Bintcn, E. Mittman. Silver keys, B. J. Ribotdy, Jl' Beal, F. Hess, R. Hall, S. Lesaewnskk P-i. West, B. Kessler, G. Sohn)idtl K. Truax, E,. A. Andre, R. Jones, M. Diesslin.' ■ ’ V
—AtJGSlBURGBB
Alpha Phi Omega: Executive meetirtB in’ the Swedish Lounge of the- iJnion Op Weilnesday, Jan. G, 1948. .^11 oftipers and C0in-. mittees will be there, any other actives are invited to attend. —GOSSW®IN MT 4 Students: All MT 4’s who have heiin' .selected for the Advanced Course, sign contract at Main Office in Armory. ■ ». •
^ , —RIOR0AN ijj"
MT 5 Students: Advance Course unifprnii, will be fitted and issued in the Supply rodfll’ Dec. 18 and 19. —BROWN j Cheer Leaders: Practice for all yrll' leaders in the Fioldhouse at 4 p. m. Be there. ■
—SCHWAB
Dolphin and Triton Members: Please turnl all Aquacade money in by Thursday evd<l ning, Dec. 17. Urgent that this be cleared up-
—WILLIAMSON V
Lutheran Students: Christmas party in the church basement, 610 North Ninth St., ' at 7 :80 p. m., Sunday, Dec. 20. Bring’fi gift for our Orphans’ Home box. Games, SOngh' and refreshments. —WALLACE Applied Mechanics: Conditional cxdMlnal'’, tion will be given AM 21 and- 22, Monday*' .iunuary 4, 1943, from 8 a. m. to 11 g, m,in room 107, Hcavilon Hall. —SANDERS - i Exponent Staff: There will bo pn -jmpoy-i. tant meeting for the following pcoide at 7 :1B p. m. Thursday. Dec. 17, in the Exp'anent office: Holland, Yargar, Schilta, Sp^H. Clifford, Gandy, Winslow, Sommer. HudSon-'^
—TTfSON;
Agriculturist: Meeting of CircUlat) qn.Sid’Rf at 4 p. m. on Friday, Deo. 18. AlljWbhtbera be sure to attend. —HAGeR'T'Y All Debris Staffs: Debris banquet as has been announced, to be held tnfs >'eyeni!<g, Thursday, Doc. 17, at the College lAn in the Fowler Hotel, at 6 p. m. If you Cannot attend after you have already aeoepted phoned earlier in the week, pleaSe caU <067 and leave a message to that effect, •' - ' —WENDELL' Ail Military Students- Corps Day today for MT 6 and MT 7 on ^ —ROBINSON ‘
Ceres
... of the bchool of Civil Engineering, presented an illustrated address on the subject of “Art m Civil Engineeiing” at a meeting of the Lafayette chapter of the Indiana Society of Professional Engineers, Dec. 10, in the Union building. An article on this subject written by Howland appealed in a lecent issue of the Purdue Engi-
neer.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
... agronomy honoiaiy fraternitjf, announces the election of the following officers: Vonn Hayes, president; Lloyd Downen, vice-president; Delbert Wright, secretary, and Elmer J. Hagerty, treasurer.
Exponent Keys: All those who have been on the Exponent staff for the past two terms and are entitled to a key may pret them from Jane Keim in the office. - KLOUMAN Reamer Club: Next mectinp: Monday, Dec. 21, because of basketball game on the I'lth. —BRAY Student War Council: There will not be any meeting until next .semester. Watch the notice column for later announcements. - AUGSBURGER Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Thursday night at 6 p. m. Since arrangements are not complete. further details will bo furnished by telephone. —HOSKINS Phi Lambda UpBilon: New members may obtain keys by calling at Alpha Chi Rho house before Saturday, Dec. 19. Receipt for payment of initiation fee must be presented. Fees must be paid to T. H. Curry —ADAMS All Military Students: No Corps Day this week. —ROBINSON Senior Military: Be sure to sign all pnpcis which must precede >ou to tlje Special Service School, in the main office of the Aimory, before leaving campus. RIORDAN Omicron Nu: Meiting Friday, Dec. Ii8, in Home Economics Building at 4 p. m. —BEALL Reamers: Short but impoitant meiting Monday night, Dec. 21, in room 804 of the Union Please be prompt so that we cun get to the game on time. —BRAY
Buy War Bonds
Classified Ads
Money t6 loan on diamondo, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Wanted—Students interested in ]>cddling the Exponent. Call Exponent. Ask fhr Recktenwnld. ^ ' Will pay cash for any old or new uSed bicycles. Kiger Shell Service, NorthWeOtern: at Columbia. Typewriters—Adding JHachlnea, all mititw sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mints* ograph work done. C, J. Eberaboff, 606 MsIH Lafayette. Phone 2779. Lost—Kouftol and Esser Slide Rule. Kb4 ward. Call Mark Casebeer. 46112. ’ Wanted—Roommate for quiet boy studefit. Largo loom, twin beds. New brick house. $12.50 per month. 319 W. Oak St. For Kent—Desirable room near camliuS and village. 107 South Chauncey Avenue. ■
WANTA TINKER? equipment all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E. W. VanMeter, Pres.
THE CANDID CAMERA COLUMN OF POLITICAL NEWS AND COMMENT
pOR a clear and convincing picture of the course of notional and foreign affairs, look to The Washington Merry-Go-Round. You'll find in this column of report, interpretation and character-sketch the salient and simply put and authentic facts you want to know—and, in these days, need to know. You'll find out who's who bock of the ballyhoo, the influences underlying issues, previews of news in the making, diagnoses of developments. The Washington Merry-Go-Round oppeors
DREW PEARSON
PURDUE EXPDNEIVT
A r'>