I
VOLUME XLVn
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, MAY 21, 1936
Dramatists To Announce New Members Theta Alpha Phi WiU Hold Banquet At Lincoln Lodge Tonight Initiates for Theta Alpha Phi, tibnhl dram hohoraryj will b6 ifthhbunced tonight at the annual Stump;: Sthgo and Studio hanquetto be held at Lincoln Lodge at 6 ofclock. All persons; connected with Playfihop, debate, or the radio statioh are eligible to attend the banquet. Tickets may still be purchased today at the Union lobby desk. Prof. Lee S; Norvell, national president of Theta Alpha Phi, will deliver the main address on the national theater movement as instituted through government aids. Playshop members who are connected with Tower Theater, recently organized dramatic group, will present‘Tsychopathy Becomes O’Neill” a parody on the type of plays written by Eugene O’Neill. Tau kappa Alpha Tau Kappa Alpha, forensic group, YdUj'present a short skit entitled “Presidential Elections”, featuring Robert Royster and Charles Petticrew, varsity debaters. Lee S. Winch, instructor in the division of speech, will present “razz” awards to prominent mem' bers of Playshop, W. B. A. A. and debate staffs. Annual awards will also be made to staff members. Gilbert Dunbar Williams, speech structor, will be toastmaster.
lie
Tickets Limited For
Martin Will Lecture On Opera At tonight’s meeting of the Music Study Group in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 8 o’clock. Prof. P. D. Martin will present “Understanding Opera”, a lecture with the aid of phonograph recordings including “Aida” which will be used to illustrate the" explanations of various operatic terms. The last act qtTihe is to be given in full, affordittg an opportu-: nity to hear Dussplina Giannihi sing with the La Scala Opera Gbihpahy, of Milan, Italy. The iheeting^^ is opdn tothepiiblic.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ^
There are still a number of tickets left for the dance sponsored by the Purdue Flying club, priced at one dollar, which will be held at the University Aii-port tomorrow night. Plan Unique Floor Show A unique floor show yill be presented and will feature the voice of Jo Friend, radio star with Bud Bryant and his orchestra; Bobby Bedford, Chicago stage and radio celebrity whose voice has been likened to that of Morton Downey; Jan Nilson, popular campus blues singer, and member of Chi Omega sorority; Marion Fearheiley, tap dancer featured in recent Union Show “Way Out West”; Phyllis Ingleman and Don Muller, a member of Pi Kappa Phi, as a star “truckin’ team”; and Hugh Morris, as master of ceremonies. Tickets Tickets for the affair may be purchased at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the Union desk today and tomorrow. The soft-drink concession has been granted to Frank Fox, manager of the Union Sweet Shop, and the terraces and parking space vdll be open to patrons. “Come out early and get one of those parking spaces that the airport light doesn’t cover,” George Mitchell,in charge of arrangements, urged last night.
PSA FcMfflpied At;XJiiiveraty:^Campus Branch 0£ American Student IJnion Not Recognized Although lacking the official recognition of the University authorities, the Purdue Student Alliance, affiliated With the American Student Union, was formed on the campus Tuesday night at a meeting held at the Wesley Foundation, religious organization. An executive committee was chosen to draft a platform which will definitely determine the policies of the organization. Eleven new members joined the group at this meeting, making a total membership of 20 men. Name Changed The change of name was brought about by a protest lodgM with the national American Student Union by the local Memorial Union. Arrangements were made at the meeting to have four speakers appear before the young people’s groups on the campus next year to explain the principles and purposes of the Purdue Student Alliance. Copies of the Student Advocate, monthly publicationof the ASU» were distributed to members following the. meeting.
Hook-Ups In Greek Council Race Reported Elections Tonight At In Union; Mc-
Connell To Preside Among,the major problems of the day is the selection of a new president for the Fraternity President’s Cbuhciii As he£wly a,s learned last night, the following iheil ^e planning jhiiijtor thiai qf^ flee: J. W. Kettle, junior cheniical, Sig^: ma phi Epsilonf^ R Pugh, junior ehOinical, Delta Tau Delta; C. J, Trees, junior mechanical, Sigma Nu; Robert; W- Smith, junior infechanical. Phi Kappa Psi; arid C; F. Strom,, junior chemical. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.' : Comments: Strom, Smith and Kettle, when contacted last night, admitted that they were iiltending to run for the office. Pugh stated, “I’ll run if I can find someone to nominate me.” Trees could not be reached for confirmation. ■ . y ■ Along with the presidency, there Is much apparent hooking-up politically. It is reported that D. P. Williams is linked with Strom; R. W. Loehr with kettle; and D. P. Morse with Smith. Harry Hughes, newly elected president pf the S. A. A. was talked of as a candidate for president^ but probably won’t run because of his newly acquired Office. Election The council will meet tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Union Building with John McConnell, Sigma Chi, presiding.
Freshman Co-ed To Give Puppet Show Mary Yeager, a freshman in home economics, is presenting a puppet show today at 4 o’clock for the Virginia C. Meredith club. The children’s story of “Snow White’^. is being given and puppets have been made to represent the princess and her prince, the three dwarfs, and the wicked queen; Even the magic mirror will be seen. Elections for the 1936-37 officers of the Virginia G. Meredith club will be field immediately preceding the show.
WAA To Give Awards At Spread Tonight W. A. A. Spring Sports Spread will be held in the cabin this evening at 6 :?p o’clock. Girls who have earned required points in athletics will be given awards at this time. An intramural cup will be given to the ward or sorority that has the highest number of pointe sepred in all sports. A W. A. A. skin will be awarded to the senior or seniors haying the highest points. Glass numerals and “P” monograms will also be given to the girls who have earned them* Betty Elstun, who is in charge of the Sports Spread, has been assisted in making arrangements by the cabin committee, composed of Elizabeth Goit, Georgia Halstead, Elizabeth Pyke, and Pauline Swick. Girls desiring to attend the Spread, the cost of which is twenty-five cents, sfiould see Betty Elstun some time today.
A student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers will be organized at a meeting to be held tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the Mechanical Engineering Building. A constitution will be adopted and officers will be elected. AH engineering students have been invited to attend. „
Gompton Chosen Glee Club Manager Mardis Compton, a member of Pirathon fraternity, was elected manager of the Men’s Glee club at a meeting held in the music room of University Hall yesterday afternoon. John Phillips was elected assistant manager and Paul Worcester will be the librarian next year. The glee club has been unusually active this year. It sang one formal concert at'home and several out of town. During the last month it has given four concerts in Hammond, Indiana, singing to a total audience of over six thousand people. It also played a series of convention programs last month.
Armour Tech Officials To Visit Here Saturday Several officials of Armour Institute of Technology, including President W. E. Hotchkiss, Dean H. T. Heald, and Dr. J. D. Finnigan, director of research, will visiit the Upiversity Saturday to study the teaching and industrial research being done by the Purdue schools of engineering.
Zouave Election The Purdue Order of Zouaves announces the election of the f ollowing Officers for the Coming year: W. E. Winter, captain; G. W. Martin, first lieutenant; J. W. Wrigfit; second lieutenant, and J. R. Murray, first sergeant.
Award Given For Proficienc.y In French j. D. Pierce, senior in the school of mechanical engineering, will receive the medal presented annually by the Alliance Francaise of Indianapolis, to the Purdue student most proficient in French. The award will be made tonight at a meeting in Hotel Washington in Indianapolis when similar medals will be given to students of Indiana arid Butler Universities and the local high schools. Professor Foto’s French conversation class will motor to Indianapolis at 4 o’clock today for the meeting where they will present two plays; “Le Cousin d’ Amerique” and “Le Restaurant du Lapin Blanc”. Tfie cast of the first is : F. Andan, Betty Coit, C. Gouneras, V. N. Sami, Marjori Sundvahl. In the second play are: F. Andan, G. Gampbell, P. Koppel, Marjorie Krull, Martha Spring.
County Alumni To Plan For Gala Week Members of the Tippecanoe County University alumni will convene with the faculty committee to discuss alumni affairs at 6:16 o’clock in the Union csifeteria tomorrow* evening. Following dinner, they will adjourn to the faculty lounge to make arrangements for the facultyalumni luncheon on Saturday, June 6, and for welcoming the alumni when they return during commencement week.
R. J. Cooley Receives Ag Scholarship Award Robert J. Cooley, son of Prof. R. B. Gooley, pf the agriculture school, has received a half scholarship for a two, weeks period in the American Youth Foundation . Leadership Training Camp, to be held at Camp Miniwanca,\ Sfielby, Michigan, August 17th to 30th.
Professor W. E. Howland, of the school of civil engineering, is author of a three-page discussion in the May, 1936,; issue of the Proceedings of the American Society of Civil Engineers, on the subject “yaried Plow' in Open Channels of Adverse Slope”.
Of Stray D Owp^ Must:, 'Pay; $5 Ta Redeem From Biology Found ; ‘Seize ait dogs found on tfie campus and in University buildings!” That was the substance pf the order issued from the president’s Office to the physical plant .yesterday. Wheu caught, dogs are to be taken to the biology department dbg pound where they will remain until the owner can be notified. Too Many Dogs The order stated that the action was taken to put ah end to the“ap parehtly never ending nuisance of dogs On the campus and in University buildings” Owners will be allowed to redeem their dogs by paying a service charge of $3.00. Dogs which are not called for within 48 hours Will be turned over to city officials. This University ruling has been approved by the West Lafayette city council. If captured dogs show symptoms of rabies the physical plant department will handle the case as provided by law. All members of the University were asked to cooperate in reporting and capturing stray dogs.
Student Senate WiU
Farquharson, Martin, Townsend, Wirth Leading Candidates Election of officers for the Student .Senate will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building, according to an announcement made last night by Frank Stone, president. Offices to be filled in to ipresideht, includb yice-president, secretary-treastirer, twb members of the executive board and one coed executive board member. Leading canffidaifis. for the office of presideid; ihclude D.H; Farquharson, civil engiheering, Si^a Ghi; G. W. Martin, mechanical engineering. Phi Kappa Psij J. W. Tb'smsend, agriculture. Alpha Gathma Rho; and S. R. Wirth, electrical engineering, unorganized. presiding officers for the nomination mieetingsto be held by schools tomorrow afternoon, will be appointed immediately after the election of officers this afternoon. According to S. R. Wirth, chairman of the elections committee, each school will be allowed four nominations for each class officer to be elected during registration next September. The name of the presiding officer, place of meeting, and number of candidates to be chosen will be published in tomorrow morning’s issue of the Exponent.
Plans were completed yesterday for the broadcasting by WBAA of both the baccalaureate sermon to be delivered Sunday, June 7, and also for the broadcasting of the annual commencement exercises to be held Tuesday morning, June 9. The Sunday afternoon program will begin at 2 o’clock and the morning broadcast of commencement will start at 9 o’clock.
POMM Will Fire: Annual Memorial Day Salute May 30 P, O. M. M. will again fire the annual salute in front of Fowler Hall on May 30, in observance of Memorial Day. The election of officers for the coming year was held. They are: Glen W. Martin, Phi Kappa Psi, Captain; W. E. Winter, Phi Kappa Tau, First Lieutenant; B. A. McCandless, Pi Kappa Phi, Supply Sergeant.
Adkins To Head Mortar Board
of Moi^r Bdani, senior w^Dodz^ honorary, at a meeting in the W. Si G. A. office yesterday at 5 o’clock. The Other; Officers elected wOre: Jesdmette Scudder, vicb: pre^ffintL I)orothy Euelm, iec^tai^ Feldt; treasurer; and Heleh GreOebf : editor;';;
-f ,
- "Vi
■?k4My}c
to
Att^R
cipal Address
“Bat-wing” parachute jumps, air defense demonstrations, and stunt flying will feature the American Legion air show to be presented at the University airport Sunday afternoon at 1 o’clock. Capt. L. I. Aretz airport lessee, is chairman of the committee in charge of arrangements. University graduates will pilot in formation N ational Guard planes, which will be connected by a twoway radio hook-up to the airport amplifying system in order that spectators may hear flight broadcasts. The TflOth Field Artillery of the National Guard will simulate aircraft defense by firing a demon stration with “puff” shells. Stunt Maneuvers Mike “Flying Irishman” Murphy will lead the group of stunt fliers in their maneuvers while Earl Stein, parachute jumper featured at the National Air Races, will make a “bat-wing” jump, during which he will spiral down with cloth wings before opening the parachute. Leanot Harper, one of the two women holding transport pilot licenses, will also be among the stunt fliers.
With three talks scheduled for this morfiihg, the final session of the liidiana Gas Association wiU start at 9:30, in the Electrif^l Engineering Building. The first address will be given by A. y. Grief, Vice-TPresident of the Gary Heat, Light, and Water Company. His topic will be“Re^ptoring Gas Revenue”. The second talk will be by B. H. Gardner, Director of Sales of the Columbia Gas ;and Electric Corporation, who will speak on “Selling Gas Refrigeration”. He will be followed by G. V. Borenson, General Sales Manager of the Pufilie Service Company pf Indiana;: A short busiiiess session will conclude the meeting. Yesterday’s session was concluded with a banquet in the Memorial Union Building, at which nearly 160 were in attendance. J. N. Shannahan, utility head ffiom Indianapolis, Was the principal speaker.
'<1 *
‘'I
'■'Vr-r;
Cary Hall Elects McEachroii, Pickard The following men were elected Tuesday night in Gary Hall : KrH. ^cEachroh, was named president, and A. Milward, vice president of Gary Hall East; R. H. Pickard, president, and R. P. Dunn, vice president, of Gary Hall North.
Dr, Graves Will Speak To AIEE In Ft, Wayne Dr. G. H. Graves, of the University matheme.tics department, will go to Fort Wayne tomorrow night where he is scheduled to speak before the Fort Wayne section of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers on“The Place of Mathematics in Everyday Life”. Following his address, he and Mrs. Graves will present a two piano recital.
Co-cd Honorary ^cs Freslimcn Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman women’s scholastic honorary, announces the pledging of the following girls: Alice Archbald, Eleanor Benton, Jean Bailey, Lois Blow, Marguerite Gall, Helen Gonver, Margaret Douglas, Mary Gooley, Betty Elstun, Barbara Gibbs, Ruth Glunt, Pearl Jackson, Virginia Kungel, Virginia Laramore, Mary Alice Leamihg, Martha E. McGool, Frances McKee, Kathryn Merritt, Frances Overstreet, Georgiana Pittman, Janette Shaffer, Marjorie Rogers, Helen Scott, Leah Thomas, Mary Townsend, Mary Wien, Ruth Wiley, Mattha Wood, and Sylvia Zussin. Dorothy Martenet, president of the organization, announced at the pledge meeting yesterday that these girls would be initiated Sunday at 8:16 a. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial. Union Building.
Indiana’s taxation plan was explained in a general way Monday to a group of senior engineering and agricultural students by Harry Miesse, executive secretary of ifie Indiana Taxpayers Association, who was introduced to tfie class by David_ E. Ross. More than 16 million dollars were saved Indiana taxpayers last year through tfie facilitiesand activities of. the association, accordmg to Miesse. Nearly a niillion dollars were cut off budgets in the state through appeals made by taxpayers. “Become Tax Conscious” “From present indications taxes will be with us some time to come,” stated MieSse, “you are the citizens of tomorrow and one of the things closest to you Will be thb cost of your government. Become tax, conscious now and never forget as the days go by that it is up to you and those like you to make the future state of Indiana an ideal place in which to live.”
Pi Kappa Alplia Pi Kappa Alpha announces the pledging of R. J. Sutherlin, Coates ■ville,
Phi Lambdia Upsilon Chooses Officers Phi Lambda Upsilpn, chemical engineering honorary held electibn of officers for next year as follows; 6. Perkins, president; G. A. HoUoway, vice-president; F. W. Robioson, secretary; R. W. Staley, treasurer. Spring pledges are: W. U. Seileri H. J. Obdrding, F. W. Rdbinson, R. W. Staley, G, R. Petticrew, G. A. Holloway, J. R. Wergin, D. E. .Tob«« son. ■
mm
NYA Worhevs* Pleiiie Set For Saturday Students wh4/ l^ve been doimg^^ work in Lafayette and West Lafayw ette under the National Youth Admihistratibn, to help finance their education, are planning a piofitb lbr Saturday afternoon at 1 o’clock. It is hoped that these programs 'wiR aid in giving some boys an opportumty to gain social contacts which would otherwise be impossible.
18^1 HiI''
Member Associated Collegiate Press DIstxibntor Ibf ■'■’ i- ■. , v';001iil«lAB« BIGE8T
Ifombcr «t NAttoiml College Pwisa Association, Big Ten Bditorial ^sociation Rebrtsented by National AdvertiOIng Service, Inc. 420 Madison Aventte, New York City
Itottir^ ias seiond class matter at the post office, Lafayettej Indiana,- , Peliyer^ by inaili $8i60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.B0 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents;
B^inesS Phone ^88
main 6FTJG6^12XN<^ Pif^
Bditbriai' Phone s687:
Editor>ln>Ghi^,
BDlTOIUAi StAPF
Managing Editor
..E. H. Morris
Assoc^ EditorauilK. A. B^’Ste. J/E. Broci^’ A. H." Forster. B, P, Manion, C> L; $aaier Bold and Black Editors—™—Geneive SexsOn, S. M. ^mtt
Sports Editor.
SPORIB STAFF
..E. D. Wood
Associate Sports Editors—.
:.Cb. Griffiths, ^. F. Gbenchain, D. F./Wilson
Business Manager.
BUSINESS STAFF
..K, J. Hulae
Local Adverting Manager
Nsttonal Advertising Mans^er..
-.D. O. MiUer ..li. H. Brown
This canle in the mail: Dear Bold and Black Editor: In reading your colnmn we came across the term’»TlTCHING WOO”. We don’t want to appear dumb but we sure would like to know what it means. Millicent & Hortense. (Not being sufficiently versed on the subject to give Millicent and Hortense the right angle on the term we are offering a DOUBLE MARS PASS to any ed or co-ed who sends ill: Hie ;best printeWe dofirii^ latei? than 6 d’docfc tomorrow Ave.)
"If you Want me to come home this Christinas, send me three dollars. I have fen days vacation. If yoii don’t send the money, I’ll know you don’t want me to come home and you’ll never see me again.”
Thursday, May 21,1936.
. Issue Editor-—E, Hi Kellogg.
The Union Of The Unfeniployed
a /pei>manent union for the jobless recently in Washington, a new
tablished. Not satisfied with present relief conditions, these delegates, some of whom arrived in passenger cars, met in the capitol and drew up a program for betterment of the unemployed, all under the supervision of socialists, communists, and other radicals.
itself a reason for condemning the actions of the men. The con^
and the unrest and trouble which it seems destined to stir up. Not only did the delegates, who claimed to represent 600,000 men, demand thab Congress appropriate four times as much money as President Roosevelt had asked, but they united in asking a thirty hour week, which is less by far than the average employed man works.^ For generations America has held to the belief that unemplosnment is a temporary disaster for the man who is willinjg: to work. Many economists doubt that present-day industry ca,n absorb the millions of jobless even if running full blast. But it is extremely doubtful that this opinion is any basis for discarding the hypothesis to which we have clung for so long. In the past, conditions have seemed as hopeless as today, but somehow hnprovement came. But when men on relief lose a desire to get hack into industry, a permanently unemployed and restless class is established, For many decades relief has been run on the principle that ho one should starve, but that there be ah incentive for trying to find employment. Numerous cases are actually on record in which jobless menhave turned down not one, but sev-
idleness ahd ease of relief. When such a condition exists, a nation is on its way to decadence and obscurity. The spirit of Americanism which has made this country what it is today will most certainly die down if such a class of permanently unemployed is formed. And when a union is organized to even further improve the the Jobless man, it most certainly seems to be a step toward the establishment of such a class,
rSay, Are You ComfortaMe? Death in the electric chair never has seemed a pleasing prospect, especially to the one condemned to die in that manner. But with characteristic ingenuity and desire to please, prison officials in Cook county have endeavored to make the criminal’s last seconds on earth pleasant by the addition of leather cushions on the seat and back of the electric chair in the county jail. While such an action could scarcely be said to make the life of the Convict more desirable, it is indicative of a noticeable trend in the last few years—-the trend toward pampering the social enemies who are unfortunate enough to be incarcerated in the hoosegow. Cell radios and other so-called luxuries, together with a seeming cooperation in extending the convicts the courtesy of a parole almost whenever they want one, are
so many years ago were prevalent in the prisons of this country were intolerable, but it appears now that, iii some instances, officials have leaned backward in their attempts to make the cooler a Cozy little home. But whether this change in conditions is making saints out of sinners is extremely doubtful, especially since the original purpose of prisons was to teach naughty boys
READERS’ OPINION The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
In Reply ' To the Editor: In the May 14th issue of the Exponent, under your “Readers’ Opinion” column, appeared an article signed by “Junior Chemical”, in which was registered a complaint relative to the content of the Work offered as M. E, 78. It is regrettable to note the distorted conception of the author as to just what constitutes University grade work. He states, to quote, “The experience of working with the equipment is fine-^it broadens our knowledge—but the detailed reports and the final are not. The last two mentioned should be done away with completely ; or else drastically modified.” In reading this paragraph one is led to believe^ that all the author cares to do is play with the equipment. This, of course, has some broadening value but places the grade of work in that of the common schools. The successful engineer is required many times to prepare reports and, when the conditions under consideration permit, emphasize the results by graphical represetations. The laboratory work offered in M. E. 78 is not unlike that given chemical engineering students in many of our higher grade technical institutions. It is based upon very definite objectives, representing years of experience. These objectives
and are available to anyone on request. M. B. 78 is planned for the average student. If the full time assipied t o the work is utilized, it can be completed within the assigned time:—L. V. Ludy, professor of experimental engi^ neering.
JEfllittKr’B Note: ProIesBor Ludy has the viewpoint of the teacher. “JunSpr GhBiiii<«r’ had the viewpoint of the student. Both viewpoints have their points.
There was no address on this post card so the message never left Lafayette. Probably there is in the University, now, sonle student who thinks his mother did not want him to come home last Christmas. Because of his carelessness the post card never reached her.
■TEN COMMANDMENTS FOR :• /;■,; co-eds;;: 1. Thou shalt not covet thy' sprdrity ;sister’s: hoy friend. .;v ^ 2. Thou Shalt hot steal a frat pin. (At least ask for it.y 3. Thou shalt not make a gold idol out of thy date’s pursfc (Be thankful ,for,.a;c©ke.);' . ■ ■ 4. Thou shalt not be seen With young men who are not careful to obey conventions in society. (You won’t have a date in four years.) .S The shalt hot powder your nose on the street. (Use a powder puff or you’ll skin yottr nose.) 6. Thou shalt not go to a man’s room alone. (Be sure he’s with you.) 7. Honor thy father and mother so that they will honor thy checks; 8. Thou Shalt not idake catty remarks about sorority rivals. (Election campaigns excepted.) 9. Keep your date promis{»s sacred or thy dates will be numbered. 10. Thou shalt not hum cigarettes from the eds. (Carry your own if you must ihdulg©.).
Lack of care in addressing letters causes the post offices a great deal pf trouble, according to Lafayete’s postmaster, Mr. Rheno Isherwood. If there is no return address on a letter wrongly directed, the chances are sliih that the message will reach its destin^oh.
A letter with an uncertain address is sent on all the rural routes sur^ rounding Lafayette-^then to the dead letter office for thirty days. At the end of this time it is Opened to find a clue, as to the sender. Money found in these letters is, if possible, returned to the ■writer.
"Money should never' be sent in the mail,” declared the postmaster.' There are always a few dishonest employes among the thousands of men who handle the mail. Eventually the crooked men are caught; but if they steal your money before they are arrested—-“you are out of luck.”
Then there’s the indignant young co-ed who exclaimed, “I’ll give you just 45 minutes to get your hand off my knee.”
The Theta’s have all gone bri a fishing trip for fraternity pins, buttons, and what-have-u. This little Dottie Martenet, very sweet, thanku, should soon he sporting a D. U. emblem. ’Tis about time for said event to happen, even if Stallings did break a date to celebrate his election victory.
Packages cannot be insured for more than they are worth. One man wanted to insure a key for fifty dollars because the key opened a
SHOEMAKER’S INHERITANCE Ex-‘‘Big Shot”, FULLER, and his cigar. Turned over his Union but not his new car To Sig Chi SHOEMAKER with a rattletrap Ford Who can now buy a new one with next year’s hoard.
Today - Friday - Saturday
Don’t forget to turn iii those definitions at the Union desk.
®®®MWBJHEMWLESS,!
Our guest columnist for tomorrow night will be none other, than that Exponent of sparkling wit and humor, HENRY HEUSER.
L. C. Reebs, C. E. ’34, Who has been employed by the Morden Frog and Crossing Works, Chicago Heights, 111., has just been promoted to the position of plant inspector.
Plus SERIAL NEWS:
anff BMEPiVIL PlLOTi estnins Shfu.
IMMi
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
2 Big Features
Feature No. 2
TODAY ONLY
The Story Behind the Headlines About Gangdom’s Notorious Lady “Mouthpiece”! I
MIUION DOLLAR ADVENTUREl'
CIMIIE,
paulcavanagh
MinaGombell HeSen Wood Thomas Beehj
Heshort Moesdin
Plus
Cartoon - News
mmmn yiDSAv minm mmui LVLl fftlB®? WARREN HULL
Arrange to ship it off this Jiihe by your old friend Railway Express and when Commencement Day dawns, be fancy free to board the trmn for home. Anything — trunks, bags, books, golf clubs, cups, even your diploma—Railway Express will pick them all up on your phone call, forward them at passenger train speed, deliver them safe and sound at your home. And it’s economical. Railway Express rates are low, and you pay nothing at all for pickup and delivery service. ’There are no draymen’s demands, no tips, no standing in line, and surejiess is made‘ doubly sure by Railway Express’s double receipts, with $50.00 liability included on every piece you ship. Besides, you have the choice of forwarding your things either prepaid or collect^ and they’ll be home as soon as you are; No other Way M shipping/^ this kind of sto-vice, as you probably .khoWjj stod to g(M: it^^ y only to phone the nearest l^weiy E^ oifice. ./. 9 Ho, S^Diid St. • / ■ - ' . : :/;. ■ :...Ptem© :2®25/■ ■ /. \.; Laff8yettei:Iiid. ,
railway iXHRESS
Three thousand eight hundred laundry bags a week go through the Lafayette postoffice—1,900 going out arid 1,900 returning without a mishap. Parcel^ and packages are carefully checked by men at the post office and branch offices for addresses arid return addresses which accounts for the safe delivery.
agency Inc.:
N ATION-Wl DE R AIL-AlR
S E R V i C E
trunkful of articles valuable to him. He was allowed to irisure it for only fifty dents, because that was the intrinsic value of the key. -
Any atteiript to defraud the mail is quickly detected by the receipt system and by the efficient “G” men; consequently, a dishonest person has little success in making unjust claims.
Eight hundred dollars per day is income from stamps alone. This is an increase of thirteen per cent in two years—an indication of a trend toward better business-E. G. P.
LAWN MOWEES Sharpened and ir^aired. New and used mowers. Prices on new Ball Bearing; Mowers $5.25 aiid np. Mowers called^ for and deliyered; F. Jos, MinIMupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
PATRONIZE EXPONENt ADVERTISERS
FRIDAY arid SATURDAY
First Time at Popular Prices
: , : OH THE:^AQE Truly a Grand Musical Treat Not To Be Missed A New and Thrilling Typ® of Entertainment
GRAND OPERA GO. PRESENTATION ■' of ’ ■ VEEDrS BREATH TAKING OPERA
iiiaOTI
with
A Brtliianf Cast of World Famous Opera Stars including Leola Turner Angelo Piiotto (Chicago Civic Opera) (La Scale—Milan) Helen Freund Lawerence Powers (Chicago Civic opera) (Chicago Qvic 0p0es| Maria Mafyas Martino Rossi
SPECIAL ADDED ATTRACTION HARRIET LyNDGREN And Her Chicago Civic Opera Ballet "VIENNESE CAPRICE"
OPERA ORCHESTRA
Air the costumes, scenery, famous music intact as oreseri't^ at Road Show Prices
50—ORIGINAL CAST OF—50
On the Screen HERBERT MARSHALL ■ in . Till We Meet Again'
PRICES Matinee: l5-25-30e Night: I5.3O-4OCiiii
Sines Collects Three Malasha^ Youngs Wtding Cet Two Each; Pilney^ Fromhort Hit Homers By Don Wilson. Purdue turned the tables here yesterday on the baseball score board by whipping a smooth-working Notfe Dame nine by a score of 6 to 4. Lambert's men staged a surprising rally
the deciding factors in the gam^ by getting a nice hit that gain-,
ed him first base.
Young was the next man up and also got a hit which put Bartz on second. Mangas socked one out to the short stop that allowed him to get on first but put Ypung out at second^ B^^tz gained -third bn the play. Sines hit pnci bringing Bartz in off of third and as Sines got to second on ;the 4todv\r-in, Mangas made two bases and stopped
^gt':thiid.-' , ,
Krause Takes Second Armon had tough luck by placing : brie ih: the first baseman-s hands but Krause cariie up and took frwb bases bn an error by Wentworth, Notre Drime shortstop. This play brought in two runs, Mangas and Sines. Waliriggot a hit and gained first, bringing Krause in off second, but pitcher Rosser socked one out to the third bag and was out at first, retiririg
Purdue,
It was in the next inning that Malaska got a nice hit and with the help of“Bartz and Young scored the run that later, became one of the wittnirig counters. In the sixth frame Sines got a tyro bagger arid Krause helped him to adt'ance one bag and he came home when Waling got on
Bartz started oif the spree
base on an error.
The IrishUads got two runs in the first, one in the third and one in the sixth. Out of these four runs, two were homers that put a rather disheartening touch to the game for the Boilermakers, but they retain ated by getting runs via the hard way, a base at: a time. Pilney scored one of these home runs and Prom hortYfritted arorind the bags
other.
:AB.;r;H,O^A.E.
Totals
NOTRE DAME
Bonsavic, 2b
Reagan,, 2b ........... Wentworth,. 3 ....... Fromhort, ss ......... Pilney,; If Gaul, c Velcheck, cf ..1...... Borowski, rf ....... Scafati, lb ........... Arboit, p
Gaucher, P
. 84 6 iO 27 11 AB. R. H. 6. A. E^
Totals
Notre Dome Purdue ...—i.
Batteriira:
Bdilermakers End Season Ox 1 Saturday
..„...............;...4e 4 10 24 17 2
BOX SCORE
... ..........201 001 000—4 10 2 ........:;.....000 411 OOx—6 10 2 Purdue—Rosser and Krause.
Notre Dainer-GaUcher,. Arboit ..and Gaul. Homeruns—^Pilney arid FroinhOrt; Two base hit—Sines, Walks—Gaucher, 2 : Rosser,' 8.
Strikeoute^Gaucher, 2! Rosser, 4.
Ballet For Mars- Opera
Well, that's much better. ■ The team that faced the Irish yesterday looked 100 per cent better than that which faced Louisiana Tech last week. If they can keep playing ball in that maimer they will whip Chicago Saturday. ' ' —^fc— Notre Dame has a great chatter team. Prom the first of the game they kept the pep going . . . everi until it was over, then they looked a little downcast; We overheard the Irish coach telling one of his men after the game, “They won a lucky game.” Perhaps so, but we doubt it Tiie Bbilermakers weirei bri; tbeir tbes arid the pitcher received fine support. -v Aridy Pilney, the to Irish football star, cleared the bases in the first iririing with a long home run between center arid left field fbr the first two rims.
fo--,
The umpires weren't sbeing so well yesterday. The Irish didn't like the deCisiori at the first base end of a dbuble play in the second,'l)ut it was close. The ^ big gripe , cam though, in the Purdue half of the seyerith. Pat Malaska was bn third when Mangas hit a long fly to deep rightfieid. / ■ . , —rfo— Pat started in Shortly before the catch, went back, then made tracks for the home plate, arriving there in plenty of time. The ump failed to see Malaska return to the base, and called him out for not holding' base. Pat was obviously safe, but such is baseball. ' '-r-fC-—' .. Andy Pilney upholds one of the many baseball good luck superstitions by stepping ori third base coming from and going to his garden spot out in right field. Even the crowd got all excited to see the Boilermakers win agairi. During the last of the 4th amid the cheering of the spectators, “Duke”, the Phi Gam hound, Who has been a loyal fan this season, added his appro'val. ' —-fc—■ Yesterday’s loss was the second credited to the Irish this season. They had high hopes of making the game their twelfth Win,- but the Boilermakers Crist that desire aside by consistent hitting and almost'airtight defense work.
Lambeiimen Meet Chicago; Hope To Avenge
Previous Defeat
Head Winner’s Bracket
bition In 12 To 0 Shutout
Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock the Purdue baseball squad ends the present season with Chicago providing the competition. The Maroons swamped the Boilermakers last time they met by the large score of 22 to 16. That game on April 16 saw both teams in early season form and also witnessed an excessive number of errors by the Purdue team. The game Saturday is sure to be better than the first one and although it will have no effect on the champipnShip'it-’irill give tafbrs: a little mbre than: the ibrdiiriary games have offered. Purdue stands near the bottom in eighth pbritiori •with livdn arid 9 losses. A win will keep us oflf the rock bottom and cari malte bur saidstotto more Complete ■with the Indirina 'triri looming uir beside the possible will on
Saturday,...;:
.Edker- Bfariiri, Downey, or B to will pitrii with & at the backstop piositibri and the rest of the team remaining as iri the last grime ■vykich resulted in a 6 to 4 •win over Notre Dairie. ' ^ ^ ^
U. batsmen, 12 to 0. The game was illuminated by the sparhling pitching of Korty, Sigma Chi, who has sho’wn up as one of the
SIGM A DELTA PSI
As Was told all intramural managers of the various houses earlier in the year, five parties patiori points will be given each house that has a man to make Sigma Delta Psi. All interested please report to the gym between 3 arid 4 O’clock today or at the stadium between 4 and - 6:30: today. Tomorrow report to the stadium between 4 and 6 o’clock; Saturday report to the stadium between 2 and 5 o’clock. Saturday will be the last chance this gear to anyone to attempt tp mrike Sigma Delta Psi. It ’^11 also please be noticed that this offer is not only for organized men but Warid participants are also invited to fry -out. ■
Golds Down Blacks In Final Game
HARRIET LUNDGRBN
T he incomparable mdsic of Johann Strauss will blend with the twinkling toes of the scores of beautiful ballerinas who 'will take part in the ballet “Viennese Caprice,” which will follow the Grririd Opera Productions presentation of '®igoletto” at the Mars theater here on Eriday and Saturday, May 22 rind 23; The corps de ballet, under the direction of the Swedish danseuse, Harriet Lund-
gren, is an integral prirt of the opera company. Miss Lundgren, herself, has -written the choreography to fob Ibw the more famous of the “waltz king’s” immortal compositions. Costumes of the imperial Viennese court set agairist a decor of brilliant continental background 'will provide ari imposing arid colorful coritrast to the tragic opera. Itbadirig the cast of “Rigoletto” is the famed baritone, Angelo Pilatto.
W. A. A. baseball season ended yesterday with the playing of the all star baseball game in which, the Gold team defeated the Black team by a score of 9 to 1. The interclass baseball tournament was won by the freshman nine. Two all star teams were chosen by the class managers, Regina Kelly, thedlead of baseball, and Miss Veronica Brady, the faculty advisor, Headed by Geprgiana Halstead, the Black team is composed of Betty Arnold, Marjorie Charles, Mary Ellen Delaplane, Mary Gaylord, Mary Humphreysj, Jeannette Shaffer, Louanna Thompson, Mriry Townsend, and Ruth Wiley. ^ : The Gdld team has Katherine Dunwoody as captain with the folio-wing girls as memhers: Virginia Blank, Mabel, Campbell, Margaret Jones, Ruth Maier, Lucille Nichols, Doxr Mae Patterson, Mary Alice Pflughatipt, Margaret Richey, and Mari tha Smith. '
■•♦• .-f "f -f'- •¥ T.-.f'. ■4' BASEBALt rf- •^^: ;4-' A ■-f ''-To^y - Diamond Tb-Wiriner (Signia Ab pha Epsilori vs. Delta Sigma Lambda)| VS; Winner (Phi Kappa Tan vs. Phi Kappa Psi. N* Abell, referee,
begins with an ARRdW COLLAR
JLoui Band^HllRON
ff
R'We-spreaa—ICEBtf
Regular bulton-down—CBATHAM
- '^1 i ^id^epread button-douh^JdVUT Four hew collar styles on Arrow Shirts authentically styicci for college men.
up
YYe Carrjr ft Full Idne of Aim^jQOQdft SOUTHWQBTSFS
had just won a playoff after a protest by the Phi Kappa Tau's over a play in the fourth inning of their previous game, which had given the DU’s one run and a 1 to 0 victory. The playoff resulted in the same score and an undisputed victory to the -winners.,The batteries for the Sig ChbD. tj. -weib and Chapiri arid Rockmore arid; Yrulerich and Clark. Phi Tau-Phi Psi Game Due to the lateness of the D. U.Phi Kappa Tau game, the contest riChedulleid bet-Webri the; latter arid the Phi Psi lads was postponed. The other game in the loser's bracket was wori by the SAEI'a who :deieated the Delta Sigma Lambda diamond coriibine, S to 6; Noll arid Cboirier worked to the SAE grOrip, while Cox threw them to Kramer on the losing side. The eventual -wirinef-in the loser's bracket will meet the Sigma Chi's for the trophy rind championship. The Sig'S need oidy one win to clinch the title whereas their, oigiorierits need tvvri. The other finalist win come frorii the group; made up by the Phi
Kappa Tau's, Phi Kappa Psi's, DtJ's and SAE’s -with the -wiimer of the Phi Tau-Phi Psi game playing the SAE’s next and then the DU’s he? fore an opponent to the Sig Chi’s is found.
FRATERNITY TENNIS ’Today, 4 o’clock CLASS “A” DOUBLES Winner (Phi Delta Theta vs'. Sigma Nu) vs. Winner (Lambda Ghi : Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Psi). Cham?; pionship match. CLASS “B” DOUBLES Phi Kapjpa; i^i vs. Sigriaa AIpha E^ ■■ :-silon.. . Si^a Chi Vs. (Phi SAppa Alpha Kappa Lambda). .. Phi Delta Theta vs. (Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Sigma). Delta Upsilon vs. Alpha Tau Omega; Delta T®ri Delta; -vs. ^aminft Delta. Triangle vs. Kappa Sigma. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Tau EpsiloA Phi. Sigma Pi vs. (Sigma Nu or Phi Kappa).
"iMrt at alL Ygar tffter yeaf !l^ng Distauce teleplione service grews IoAgf^ in reach'—shorter in the time needed for conneo> tiehsr—higher in quality of trimsmi^oh-—lower in cost;
been ntade cheaper in two Wap:; 1. Rates are now reduced after 7 P. M. each night on person-to-pers»ri caUs to mbstpoints. As (brmerly* stati to^«ta|don rates are lower P; |d. 2. The sahie low,^ ratris on both types of service; proof that the Bell System is constantly striving to fit telephone service more closely to your
Why notPLUMBING AND HEATING Lane><Pyke<Werkhdff Cbmpany * Phone 3882
DR. A. M. miQN Dentist Plate StWe and Main Phone 4^65 ^
W« ncike appUeati<>n pictniM for fl.it per dozen. Spedal price on lota of flftr or more. EeiHbrandt S.tedto 105 Vine St. W. I^fajette
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler aiid Optometrist V 504 Main Street
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 60S®
Typewriters, Adding Machines— For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. G. F. EbershofF, 606 Main St, Phone 2779. Wanted^Passengei- to New York City or vicinity. Phone 7014. W4nted-^6 buy a used caiioe, Call L. V. Moser or Telephone 7471*
NOTICES No imHM MMoewl t a*
FrMunan Engineern—Student <»rrying assignment cards, but not'taking engineer* ing lectures, should report to the head of the rSChool in which they plan to enroll before May 25 for a conference in 1936-87 schedule, —KNAPP,
Engli^' 1 Students, Past fuid PresentStudents who have not yet niade a passing grade in the punctuation and spelling tests should plan to be present at fee makeup exams which, respectively, concern them. The place is room 101, Education Building. The time is 4 and 6 p. m. as follows; punctuation, Friday, May 22. Studen-ts not now enrolled in English 1 will need a removal-of-condition card in order to be. admitted to the examination. —WYKOFF. A. S. M. E. Members—Get magazines, membership cards, and pins in Prof. Ludy’s office. Keys are not available. —SHIEU)S. Scriveners—^Those attending picnic notify F. Hutehenson before noon today. Meet in front of Union at 6 today. —VEKBER. W. A. A.—Those girls wishing to attend the W. A. A. Sports Spread tonight at 6:36 must sign up on bulletin board in gym. Compulsory, —SHAFFER.
PAUL A. RISK .. ROBERT G. RISK HABOLP J. BISK LUTHER a. SISK . 400 Schnltz Bldg. Phone (701 Comer 4th and Main
Mentor Interviews—The following interviews in W. S. G. A. office today: 4:00, Adkins, Banr, Bailey, Vanwait, Bell, Blalock, Blow, Breitweiser, Busaid; 4:15, Campbell, Bush, Brown, Burch, Carter, Cassell, Clevenger, Ghristopherson, Cromer, Decker; 4:30, Denny, Dicks, Dix, Elridge, Elstun, Frick, Florer, Ford, Hammond; 4:46, P. Hamilton, Hayes, Harrison, Halstfed, Hesler, Hester, Hochstetler, Humphreys, Huber,. Holden; 6:00, Hilton, Hurych, Hudson, Hibner, IIgenfritz, Jackson, Jarrett, Margaret Jones, B. Josselyn, Kauffman; 6:15, Keeley, Kelly, Klein, Kungel, Learning, Light, Lippert, Lewis, Martenet, Masters. —SCUDDER, DIMMIGK.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet-
-Meet in office at 4. —JONES. Stump, Stage, Studio Banquet—All people who have worked with Playshop, radio, or debate are eligible to attend the banquet at 6 tonight at Lincofe Lodge. Tickets available at the Union desk today. Transportation from the Union will be available at 5:30. -GREGORY.
Glider Club—Meet tonight at 7 in room 2 of Union. —O’NEIL. Hort Club—Picnic tonight. All Hort students come. Meet at Hort Building at 4:30. —MORRIS.
Wi A. A.—Open practices for archery at 4 every afternoon this week. —BOEHM.
Delta Rho Kappa—Initiation in tower room at 6 tonight. Banquet at 6 :30. —ROBBINS.
' By Eizabeth Pyke “You logoklept you” might sound like an uncomplimentary title to call a room-mate or friend. But it is not for logoklept is just a word coined by the education committee of the National Puzzler’s league— meaning a word snatcher a plagarist. This group of dictionary enemies are startling the world with nine Ti^Swords. By Septeniber%c additional words may be presented to the league’s semi-anmtel convemtion in Boston. ^ the dashing ■vvords are approved, they Ml M submitted to various lexicographersi Their} loudest brainchild is Humidauriculate”—meaning not dry behind the ears. The Others are: Ismer—A person given to isms, a braihferuster. Isinerist —- An ismer who Local Theater Will Offer Famous Opera “Rigoletto”, the fambU^i opera by Verdi, will be presented as a complete stage production at the Mars Theater tomorrow and Saturday. The cast will include Angello Pillato, baritone, as Rigoletto; Leola Turner, concert soprano, as Gilda; Lawrence Powers, as the Duke; Maria Matyas, as Madalena; and Norman Gordon, as Sparafueile. Isaac Van Grove, the musical director for all Max Reinhart productions, will direct the company. There will be three performances tomorrow and four on Saturday at regular stage show prices.,
Meeting of Sigma Xi, Union faculty lounge and ballroom. Initiation in faculty lounge at 5 p. m. Dinner in ballroom at 6 :30 p. m. Music Group, faculty lounge, 7:30 p. m. Tomorrow Special Merit Tests, E. E. Bldg, room 129, 9 a. m. Tippecanoe County Alumni Group Cafe Luncheon, Union faculty lounge, 6:15 p. m. Lecture at 7:30 by Prof. Hoffman. Flying Club Dance, Airport, 9 p. ■m. ■ T • ’ Theta Xi Dance, Union ballroom, 9 p. m. Saturday Baseball, Chicago at Purdue, Intramural Field, 4 p. m. Delta Upsilon Informal Dance, chapter house, 9-12. Theta Chi Informal Dance, chapter, house, 9-12. Mixer, Union ballroom, 9-12. .4 + ' -f T- -f „4-. ^ ^
II iiwlinliiiMlniillnMiliii
seeks to convert his neighbor. Poorich—^Both pOot* and rich. Zag—A line at an angle to a zig: both lines are necessary to make k zigzag. lompah—^The Bronx cheer as expressed by a scholar who is not a gentleman. ^ Ergophile—One who loves his work. However the education committee of the National Puzzler’s league is not the only group to coin words* The company that produced the niovie, Mr. Deeds Goes to Town, runs in :icl6sb edmpetitibn wi^ league presenting such words as*— Pixilated—A person infested with PijXies or a.cting slightly ' crazy... ■ 6-fillerr—A person who fills in the letter 0, while thinking* Doodling-—Incoherent scribbling while thinking. _ Nose-twitcher^One who unconsciously twitches his nose when nervous or thinking. Knuckle-cracker—A person who cracks his knuckles to aid concentration. People who coin words, are op« tomists, to think they can burden the average man with more words, when his total vocabularly is 1500*
SOCIAL BRIEFS
Jack Hartom and his band from Illinois will furnish the syncopation for the Theta Xi dance tomorrow evening in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building.
Delta Upsilon fraternity will hold a rush dance at its house Saturday night. Music for the Theta Chi dance at the chapter house Saturday night will be furnished by Wally Namaus’ orchestra from Chicago.
Phi Delta Thetas will dance to the music of Dick Shelton, from the University of Illinois, at the chapter house Saturday night.
’ ‘t
is different from any othjer summer suit. Its weave is patented.. .unique. One famous mill makes the cloth; One famous clothing plant the garment. Both ate ptodneed by GOODALi,.. . who concentrate oh this one nationally kno\yn product the year’round. ^ ^^^ete is h\xt one genuine Palm Beach . . . and this trade-mark label, sewn in the little coat hanger, identifies it.
Bob Kelly and his band will play for the Phi Sigma Kappa dante at the chapter house Saturday night.
. ' 1 Your City” Tours
The Young Men’s Christian Association is sponsoring a schedule of “Know Your City” tours for boys and girls of Lafayette and West La-: fayette. All participants must register for the tours by tomorrow evening at the “Y”, in order to be in-
cluded on the first tour to Graves
Bakery on that evening.
Lafayette children are requested to meet at 6 :30 at the “Y”, and those on the West Side are to meet at the corner of State and Salisbury Streets at 6:45. How to make bread,
to store it, distribute it and all the methods involved in the bread and pastry industry will be shown. Future tours are being planned to visit the Sunshine Dairy Farm, Rund Packing Company, Purdue Farms and other concerns.
4 4- 4 4 - 4
4 4 4
4
4 4
NATIONAL LEAGUE
w.
L.
Pet.
New York...
19
10
.655
St. Louis.......
.18
10
.643
Pittsburgh,....
16
13
.636
Cincinnati....
:.15
16
.484
Chicago.. ....:
14
16
.483
Boston
..13
16
.448
Brooklyn.
,..........12
18
.400
Philadelphia
12
20
.376
AMERICAN . LEAGUE
W.
L.
Pet.
New York...........:..,....
22
10
.688
Boston....
...22
12
.647
Cleveland
.......17
13
Mi
Detroit ......_
.., :.17
14
.648
Chicago... i
13
14
.481
Washington
16
18
.471
Philadelphia..”:......
.10
14
.845
St. Louis....
7
24
.226
HAS EVERYTHING for a
OUR FINGER WAVES are the latest creations. Try ours for next' Friday nisrht. And only 35c. Complete with lemon castile shampoo.
Dial 7888 for Any Hour
The last word in modem Scxoll Saw» •—a predsien topi that wfil stand ■plendldly under the heavy grind continuous heavy work.
wishes to remind you of their special Co-ed Day every Thursday. Keep your hair beautiful by giving it the best attention every week. Ph. 7727 662 Main
Incpa^ratinK many important PMVemehts and refinements, fe la^t Be|ta "OeLuze” moSi a&imt tm heart of ev^ worker. It is ideal for alji ty.,.,. ordinary sesbU saw work, hg, marquetry, metal .saiyiiq,Y, san^'g, and sabre-sawiiw-saw will out 'wood im to 2 Inehm id is esp6elal& adaptabto workshops, factories, sign dBpIay makers,; printew, engrav”
822 Main,St...Phone 2777
Put away for summer storage are fully protected from motlis if they are Crown Cleaned. Every garment is moth^proofed by the Monite Process. No extra charge.