.'i :.i ' 'i
WEEK-EHD ELANS
Include , Free Show, Dance
SENIORS 1 Say Goodbye 7^; Offer 'Congrats^^
Established 1889
Wheel Ads!
ybluihe 56, No 39
, Indiana
Thursday, |ufy 29, 1943
7 im * > i ‘ ^
ELLIS MURPHY, Editor-in-Chief WILLIAM TYSON, News Editor CAROLYN WILBUR, Managing Editor MARY DILTS, Business Manager
RAYMOND SMITH, Co-Sports Editor RUSSELL LIPES, Co-Sports Editojc
Pan-He//en;c WiH Sponsor Industrial Murphy, Tyson, Wilbuf Free Dance Saturday Night Trainees Dj|ts, Smith, Lipes To Head
Affair To Feature Cylting, Service Men Hosts, _ - ^
Coed Hostesses, Maury Mahn, Reed Orchestras Pottfif LocfurOS
Service men’s dance for this Saturday will be sponsored by the Pan-Hellenic Council. The dance will follow immediately after “Coed Capers” and will continue until 11:30 p, m. Both ballrooms will be in use with “couples only” in the North ballroom and the usual stag line in the South ballroom. Each activity on the campus is taking its turn in organizing these “gala affairs” for the — ^
benefit of all students. Marines, sailors, soldiers, civilians and, most of all, coeds, are cordially invited to any and all of
these dances.
Maury Mahn will swing out for the couples in one ballroom and Harry Reed will be featured in the other ballroom. John Marks will officiate as master of ceremonies for the evening and will put forth his
Union To Hold Matinee Dance Evety Tuesday A matinee dance each Tuesday is definitely on,the social calendar of University students, the Student
utmost to create good will among Union has announced. Because of those present. He will be assisted success of the late afternoon by 15 hostesses who haye been se- dances held dnriiig the past two lected from the sororities and co- -weeks, the Student Union has deops on the campus, The hosts for cided to make them weekly affairs the evening will be 16 service men, Tuesday has been selected as
the day, from 4 to G. '
Dapeers may come stag dr in couples and will be accommodated in the North Ballroom of the Union. Coeds will lie admitted free while the Charge for men is ten cents. Recordings of popular orchestras will take care of the music. Some of the
dances will he cut-dances.
The dance held last Tuesday af-
Chem, Met Building Adds fen Thousand Dollar Model Distillery Exhibit ByJ.B.Wells In the basement of the Chemical Engineering Building,' along with the various geology exhibits, is a new showcase. The case houses the building’s latest addition to its display of the nation’s industries. Costing in the neighborhood of ten thousand dollars and taking over a year to construct, this display was presented to the University by Joseph E. Seagram and Sons, one of the largest distillers of grain alcohol in the United States. This display presents a complete flow diagram of the process of making grain alcohol as it is actually carried out in the j)lant. Its colorful and illuminated • symbols automatically coincide with l)oautiful Kodochrome pictures, whicli arc illuminated, also. The lights which illuminate the multi-colored Lucrite symbols can be controlled automatically or can be operated manually, so that the process can be studied in detail. The symbols represent the various pieces of equipment used in the plant, and the pictures show, the equipment as it appears in the
plant.
Exhibit Only One Of It.s Kind The exhibit is the only one of its kind in the United State.s, and represents over a year’s work of the House of Plastics, a plastics fabricating coinpany located in Cleveland, Ohio. In constructing this model of the Seagram’s plant, the makers first made a miniature model approximately four feet square. After testing and obtaining the approval of the company, the makers shipped the display to the University, where it now rests in a newly constructed, built-in showcase in the Chem and Met Building. With this new exhibit, the total value of the exhibits, which are located through the halls of the building, exceeds !j!60,000.
On Present Patent System In America Before an audience of approximately two hundred engineers gathered last night in the East Faculty Lounge, Dean Audrey A. Potter presented an address on the subject “The American Patent Sys-
tem.”-
Dean Potter drew much of his material from a pamphlet published as a report by the National Patent Plaiining Commission, which he, as Executive Director of the commission, helped prepare. American Patent System Best According to the Dean, the American Patent System which is primarily for the purpose of potecting the inventor, investor and the American public from unscrupulous persoiis who would take advantage of someone else’s effort and money to benefit their own ends'is the best in the world. Because of it, American inventors are the most ingenious and tlie most active of any inventors. (See POTTER, page 4)‘
President Elliott To Wei come Group Directors and supervisors of training programs in various industrial ])lants throughout the state will be here to attend the Industrial Training Confei-ence which is being held in the Union today and Friday. The conference is sponsored jointly by the Division of Education and Applied Psychology of the University and the Industrial Training Association of Indianapolis. Following the welcoming address by President Edward C. Elliott, L. J. Fletcher, director of Training for the Caterpillar Tractor Company will open the first session this morning with a discussion of “Training —A Tool of Production.” Discussions of various phases of industrial training, including supervisory training, job training, and apprentice training will take place at sectional meetings this afternoon. All the general meetings will be held in the faculty lounges of the Union.
Dr. Sparks To Speak
Dr. Frank H. Sparks, of the Nob-lett-Sparks Co., now director of the Labor Utilization Division of the War Manpower Cominission, will speak at the first session Friday (See INDUSTRIAL, page 4)
AWS Plans Program SAE To Present
Coed To Intricades Wednesday
By Carolyn Wilbur It is just about that time of year when the prospective coed starts receiving mail in abundance such as she have never witnessed before and probably never will again. This delightful feeling of importance brought about by the sudden onrush of letters is made possible by the AWS orientation committee. Already the committee has plans well under way for the 147 new freshman girls enrolled for the intensive eight weeks intrasession. The new girls are enthusiastically reading the Freshman Notebook, University catalogue, WRH pamphlets, and- other literature, absorbing the contents with the diligence war- ( See AWS PLANS, page 4)
tenioon was attended by approxi-.
mately 80 coeds and servicemen. , MoVe TradUiotlS . .
TEAMS END FIRST ROUND IN DOUBLES TOURNAMENT First-round games in the mixed doubles tennis tournament sponsored by WAA wore completed last week. All second-i’ound games should be played by Friday, and the scores turnctl into the Women’s
Gym.
Second-round paii'iligs include Woods-Aid, Morgan-Schwehn; Si)^ er-Grotiies, Hirscliman-Diltz; WuPace, Cvipe-Verhoeven. Players who have finished the second round and arc ready to begin the third round of the tourmimenl are WalshCooper, Kulik-Bond, and KoettingMorton. Mudball hey there clarence i hear that the university cops are having their troubles with the service men who continually cross the grass on their w^iy to mess and classes i wonder if the university will be able to collect five bucks from the seldom paid servicemen MUDBALL. William I. Kay . . instructor in Civil Engineering has accepted a commission with the Civil Engineering Corps of the United States Navy as Assistant Civil Engineer with the rank of Ensign. He will report for active duty at Williamsburg, Virginia on August 7, 194.1.
By Peg Steffts .
Today’s campus is fairly peaceful and screiic as compared to that of the late OO’s, When some traditions were of a particularly violent nature. As for instance, the hoisterotiS annual Tank Scrap which fought. its way through twenty years of University life, was stiii'ted in 189:5 when the Lafayette Water Works ei'ected a large steelv reservoir about a mile northeast of
the campus.
Freshmen painted their class numerals on the tank, and this was taken as a challenge by the sophomores who promptly changed the numerals. From then on a fight around the tank was almost a nightly occurance. This caused so much disorder that the upperclassmen ■finally decided to have one big fight at the beginning of each year to decide whose numerals should grace the tank for the rest of the year. Second Friday Set For Fray The second Friday^ night of the first semester was set for the fray^ and all following annual scraps were held on that night. It was much better to have this activity over at the beginning of the year so as to interfere with class work as little as possible. . . The Frosh always arrived first and took stand fo wait for the sophomores, who could delay coming until any time of the night.
Sometimes the fight didn’t- get started until long past midnight and di'agged through till daylight when ih(! conqiiercd were paraded to the East Side and made to perform in fi-pnt of the Court House. This interferred with classes so much that despite faculty opposition the tradition was carried on a few years longer because of .vigorous campaigning by the sophomores. The class that succeeded in tying all the opponents won the fight. These were then tied in a long chain, taken to Stuart Field and foi'ced to entertain large crowds of onlookers by the light of a huge bonfire. Scrap Becomes Rougher In. spite of all precautions, the scrap became more rough each year. Finally in 1913 after the first few minutes of fight, a sophomore was picked up from the field dead. An autopsy indicated a broken neck. Next morning President Stone called a convocation, and with a rising vote the Tank Scrap was forever abolished. The water tank was painted white and its influence on student life brought to an end. Cap And Gown (Question For traditions of more dispassionate nature, there is the cap and gown idea. For a period of more than 15 years, the question of wearing caps and gowns at graduation
had been much harangued pro and con. Some students thought it was ridiculous to think of an engineer in a cap and gown. Others, On the south campus, thought it absurd for a prospective farmer to dress in
such regalia.
Each year for 16 years, .senior classes voted against the custom, but each year the opponents grew weaker, until the class of ’22 adopted caps and gowns for their graduation. The following year the faculty voted -to follow pi’ecedeiit, and since then seniors and faculty have all worn the costume at com-
mencement.
Yellow Cords Introduced In the days when students were classified as belonging to a class rather than a term, seniors wore yellow “cords.” If one looks long’ and hard enough today on campus, he may spot a pair of the distinctive senior garb. Few people know the history of this tradition not copied from any other institution. In the fall of 1904, a couple of seniors, seeing a fine sample of corduroy on display at a Lafayette department store, decided to have a pair of trousers made of the goods. They made such a hit on campus that before winter half the senior class had them. The class of ’05 adopted them as distinctive sen- . ior privilege, and it has so rem.ained to the present.
Next Wednesday evening’s meeting of the Society of Automotive Engineers will present William M. McLatirin, chief engineer of, a Diesel engine company in Dallas, ’fexas. Mr. McLaurin will discuss a technical paper on the Guiberson' Radial Diesel Engine. This essay briefly covers the evolution of the Guiberson Diesel engine from the Monovalve design, started in 1928, thru the T-1021 engine development, started in 1936. In connection with the evolution of the T-1020 engine, .McLaurin will describe the cooing fan development for tank installation. Other interesting details that wilL be described are the Guiberson fuel pump and the mono-rail valve cam. Diesel Engine'Exhibited On exhibit will be a Guiberson Diesel with a complete engine, crankcase asseinbly, crankshaft with rods and bearings, piston and pin with rings, accessory housing assembly, fuel pump, fuel and cam assembly, and cylinder and head assembly. Progressive slides will also be shown that illustrate the early models and advance assembly of the T-1020 engine, with general characteristics of this radial air-coojed
engine.
Numerous T1020 engines are being produced for the armed forces for installation in light tanksC An aircraft modification of this model in a Stintson Reliant has been flown from Dallas to Washington (via Birmingham and Charleston) in ten hours and thirty-five minutes at
142mph.
McLaurin ME Graduate “Bill” McLaurin, as he is familiarly known to his associates, is an ME graduate from the University of Cincinnati in 1924. He joined Giiiberson in 1935 and in 1940 became their chief engineer. In this capacity he has served in the fields of layout, design, preliminary test developments, and specifications. Engineer McLaurin has been a member of SAE since 1941.
Omicron Nu ... national home economics honorary, announces the election of the following officers: president, Anna Shively; vice-president, Jeannette Parker; secretary, Jean Thompson; treasurer, Margaret Young; and editor, Margaret Pennington. To All Fraternities All fraternities that have lost their -houses, please notify the Fraternity Affairs Office of new addresses of houses and the names of the members living out.
Board Combines Managing, Coed Editor's Duties Heading the Exponent, staff as editor-in-chief for the next semester will be Ellis Murphy, sixth tenn Forester and member off the Marine V-12 program. Murphy, whose home is in University City, Mo., is president of Phi Kappa Tau fraternity and a pledge of Gimlet Club. Bill Tyson, a Reamer currently carrying pledge equipment for Tau Beta Pi and Phi Lambda tjpsiloa, will serve as news editor. Bill is a sixth term Chemical Engineer from Everett, Ohio. In streamlining the Exponent staff, the Electoral Board combiiied the duties formerly performed by the coed editor with those of ’thfe managing editor, under which, title Carolyn Wilbur, fifth terin Home Economics student from Elkhart, will direct editorial persorinel. , , Two Sports Editors , To give the Exponent doubly efficient sports coverage, Ray Smith, seventh term Electrical, and Russ Lipes, fifth term Mechanical, will serve as co-sports editors. Smitl^ a Reamer, comes from Princeton, N. J.; and Lipes, a Gimlet pledge and a member of Alpha Tau Omega' fraternity, is from Indianapolis. Mary Dilts, an Alpha Chi Omega, will continue to manage Exponent' husiness aft’airs. Elected business manager in June, Mary is a fifth term Home Economics student from Winamac. Gaunt ^Fo Direct Ad Staff Conrad Gaunt, fifth term Chemical Engineer will have the, grave te^ sponsibility of securing advertising inches with which to fill Exponent columps and coffers. Betty Maiiey will serve as assistant advertising manager, and Evelyh Blemker will handle accounts. The people who will actually put out the paper three times a week (subscribers and advertisers cooperating) will be associate editors Jack Abbeft, Ruth Ford, Madelyn Grotnes, Katie Howes, and Peg Steft'es,, These jupiors will rotate among themselves the duties of night editor, day editor, and city editor. Re-elected to the most thankless job on the paper. Bob Sauerman will carry on as circulation manager. Prof. W. E. Howland . . . of the School of Civil Engineering recently has had two articles published. They are: matical Formulation of the Oxygen Sag”, printed in the May issue of Sewage Works Journal and “Cu^ tural Oppoi’tunities in Engmeeripg Education” which came July copy of The Bent of Tau Belts Pi.’.a,'*!
2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, July 29, 1943
", \. Congrat'iili^iohs;, Murph . . . We, the senioi staff, abandon oui editoiial “we’s” today to wnte our swan song^s in the fiist peison singular The ]obs we strived towaid, finally attained, and now reluctantly leave will be taken o^e^ by a new gioup It seems that school days are over fbr hie this nioining, because, although commencement is over two weeks awav jcl, my maioi inteiest at the Univeisity is being concluded now Ellis Muiphy IS the new editoi Muiph is a Leatherneck and although 1 lefuse to pi edict that the job befiie anyone is gomg to be the toughest in its histoiy, Muiph^ will not be an ehSy one and a Leatherneck should have wh it it takes to do the job well It IS fitting indeed that, with tae many seivice h^en on the campus at the picsent time, the editor-m-chief of the student publication is a seivice man hiriself Murph as editoi-m-chief i\ill diiect the policies of the papei and serve as chan man of the editoiial boaiJ Murph is the person that’s going to ha\e to cooidinate th competent, enthusiastic, haidwoiking induiduals that make up the Exponent staff into a gioup that is unified in aims and actions Frc(Juent meetings with the seniois. Bill, Caiolyn, Maiy, Russ and Ray, as well as the juniois and the lest of the staff will afecomplish this But Muiph is the new edito and like all outgoing editois I’m tijing to tell Muiph wha to do, and like all incoming editois Muiph is going to do w lat he veiy well wants to do So I’ll reluctanth leave the pounding typewritei s, the cluttered copy desk, the numeious good natured aiguments with Paul, the hangman’s noose in the office where leporteis, adveitising men, and editois may hang themselves, the continual ringing of the telephones, printeis ink on no^es, the dripping pages of the w et pi oof, the teiror of pied type, the sophomores’ fears of the juniors and the juniors’ feai of the seniois, eaily morning lunches aftei the papei has been i ut to bed, chats with fi lends who come down to complain, comment, oi suggest and a hundied other memoiies that aie the Exponent. I’ll end mj last editorial as editor of the Exponent by con gratuling the new staff, by wishing them the best of luck in the world, and b:y writing my last 30, a sentimental, leluctant ges tuie —Bob Bosw inkle I Hafe To Leave, But- ^ . . Ever since last December 1 have had a feeling that inevitably the day would come when I would have to take the long last walk from the sub basement Exponent office Now that the time to stop my under ground activities is heie, the only joyous thing about the occasion is a conviction that the new news editor. Bill Tjson, will do a much better job than the retiimg news editor cvei did oi could do Bill IS taking on no mean responsibility with his new title and desk Not only is he the maA who must sec that the Exponent has the campuo news—all of it—but he must also see that the news is piescntcd in its most readable foim The job lequires diplomacy, sound journalistic sense, haid work, and more impoitant, coopciation fiom students and laculty Bill will furnish the first three ingredients, byt the touith essential fo^i a papei which i eaily “coveis the campus” must be added by the unofficial mcrnbeis of the Exponent staff Congiatulations to the othei newly elected membeis of the staff I refuse tp woiry about the future of the paper, for we are leaving it in the hands of a very competent group of people who are quite capable of handling all woiiies Ihe only point which worries me is what I am going to do now for entertain ment and education from four to six —Sally Beall Yours is A Doubfo Job, Carolyn . . . Congratulations, Carolyn Wilbui, on your appointment as managing editor' You’re getting a double dose We ga\e Murph and Tjson niiglc jobs but when it came to giving a woman a position, we decided to let a woman prove her woi th on the Exponent, bo we ve given you two jobs rolled up into
one
Becaire men on the staff are becoming '‘Vanishing Americans”, and a new epic in Exponent history has started (more women, we mean), we have combined the jobs of managing editor and coed editor It w 11 not only be vour job to manage the feminine portion of the staff but also to manage the personnel problems of the entire staff The male civilians and service men on the staff might find it a little difficult being ruled by a woman editor, however, ju^t splash that sweet smile their way Seriously, it will take moi e than that, and we know that you have what it takes to handle the job efficiently It’s been a wonderful and unforgettable experience working these past eight terms with Exponenters of many graduating classes Although many of them have left us, we don t forget them Now that we are leaving, we hope it will be the same way with you Eight semesters of devotion to such a stiong activity as the Exponent can not help but bung many pleasurable memories in the future —Jean Lauer and Don Brewer Super Duper Sports Staff . . . For the first time m the history of the paper, the Exponent now has two sports editors It has never been tried before, but with two such capable men as Ray Smith and Russ Lipes serving in the dual capacity as co editors, this new plan should pro duce far better results than in the past (we mean this past year in particular) Both fellows love sports in general and know the entire Boilermaker athletic setup from A to Z They are bound to have a tough time of it because of the present conditions, but with the best football team in the school’s history coming up this fall, they will at least have something to write about I never thought 1 would really iegret the day when I would be through as spoits editor of the Exponent, but now I kinda hate leaving Iheie are a million and one things I wanted to do as edifoi, but sometiimg always came up to prevent doing them I pel sonally think that as a spoits editor I stunk However, I have one consolation in the fact that because of the time I didn’t spend on the paper, f will be able to graduate (I keep telling myself) 0 K Ray and Russ, it is all jours —Joe Dawson Second And Usf . . . For the second time m my business can er on the Exponent, I am taking that laiest piivilege of wilting' an editorial To you, Murph, Bill and Caiolyn, go my best wishes and a plea
GRIN'AND BEAR IT
0y Lictiiy
V
■if ,
ll.
\
clsdiMA. to
llltf' 1 AAifiilllll Af
1 -PVT-’
the
iiivU«lQi By Jack Abbett
uimiu
“Well, if this jilaei doesn’t havt anything
cairud jou acio'-sa lhu''shold ”
sLudoiits foci self con
JksL
^xdfumqs. PoaL
Kditoi
PuuUic Exponent— We h ivt bUivcn foi hnimony be tween the soldieis nnd the coeds, but why must the Gieek lettei oi gaiii/alioijs aet as ‘midclJc mah m jnonlotinf i,ood will why niufet a soldiei depend upon the latuhls of the houfae in which he lives in oidei to be iccogni/cd on campus’ Bejng a good soldiei should bo sufficient lecommcndation for any man Why then must the soldieis living at ISO I ittleton be 1 nown is Bet is oi even
(f I Betas ^
The tiaditions of the fiateinity, IS well IS the tiopines die loeked ill the chiptei loom foi the diiia tion IS it 1 111 foi the oeivieo men
to whip the de id hoise ’
Any d ly I expect to see G I Bet i pins I wondci if the coveted dia mond 111(1 stdis w ill be the theme I wouldn t be suipiised to see a white
cioss with 1 G I guaid'
Wh it ibout the seivice men who weie oigani/ed befoie they became ])iitof the Univeisity s tiaininj, pioei im’ I believe i Phi Belt
at least I’ll have would icscnt bem,^ cilkd a Phi
Ivapp i s uloi Ceitiinly i Sigma Chi would w int to be known as a Sigm i Chi—not as a Phi Psi nia
line'
Ihe Gieel lettci oigmizations lie on the shell until the wai is ovci howevei then n lines md ti idiLions icm im int let ind should
not be tampeied with
—MARIA KELNE Cl iss 44
Univt
iL\
ity ( I 11 I I
ll illow i I
Students it tin 01 1 ihom i u c I I mg oi the linn 11
eouiling ^ I i c I t the Okliiiomi i)uh 1 i m nv VC us I sti 1 1 I I 1 w i the Ov il lei s tl t t t I 11 tlu libi ll \ h IS s( I VI 1 Lu Ills i pi iCc w I I e till V c ul 1 I I ll ll {
moon un (Knlilii Ih
Univci s ly < Or Is 1 d k dc spiiKl ovti tlu Kpulilini ol Ur Ov ll ll 1 1 i 1 I k 1 , 111 uiv di ibtie HR 1 Ul e U i 1 < m sLu deiitj i\\ IV r 11 it n 1 ll ic( I IIIR spit hj 1 I I , 1 (( |, ,t w 11 lighted it gi L 1 I t is such s ( Hr I 1 ( I tl ( u 1
to in ll c
scious
1 iishmcn coeds wcic ev'en V u n (1 It voui d ite mentions w 111 l(Wi outh civil wild you mill I veto the pi in iinmediitelv N( e ol Ur ' istie pl ins weio c iiiud o ll hill now the pissing of tu Ov ll his 1 cell icioinphshed ly u Ul )! i( al piliol ol the spot by
log ll luthoiities to 1 eep students tcinity houses not tikon ovei by the w v I om ll limed toices but which hive been —L P— vieiUd due to the decieased num All Ik hinin it C iinegic 1 eeh bei oi eivih in students will be used i ho n 1 h to ( ll ( put in t\ti i eiu to house women students iKilii icLvilies III leciuncd to —LP— I iss i tl iditii ns ex im ind must Coeds it the Umveisitv of C ill in ll i i 1 s m„ gi i le ni it The test fcinii hive oigani/ed the WOWS iivei in lie il in the 1 lehe Bible womci oigini/ed wai sciviee to 111 I (lull ill m i|oi I cell songs me 1 ili/c eimpus women foi i II 1 el ei ( iiiicgie histoiy the smooth iimning ind efficient oi ninus ll I Junctions ol ill out g ini/ition to 1 leilit itc the wai of
Marshall Badoglio, the present leader of Italy, is definitely going against the wishes of his people in continuing the war The Italian people are tried of fighting, and, most of all, they aie tired of fighting for the Germans If Badoglio refuses to ask lor peace terms m the near future, his people will use up against him and place a man in his position who will speedily end the war The Geimans at ——. the piesent moment could do Bntish if they want a part m such little to stop the Italians fiom a government This seems to be one withdiawiilg from the conflict ot om gicatest faults, but, after a because of the thieat of inva ccitun numbel of quick, uiipsycho|lon along the whole Euiope in logical moves of the above smt, we coast and the piessiuc ol the Rus should begin to wake up Whethe Sian ehivc in the Oiel scetoi A axe the best qualified foi cany
pioblemm.ght uisc,howevr.Ji inthe wilncli xwcil of the loity odd Italian
divisions 111 the Balkans Xoi if these f when we aic tiying to bung tioops weic withdiawn, the Gei hettci icHtions between ourselves mans in that aiei would be pliccel and oui Alhts Experience is a haiA
m a danoCious position
—X X—
The Allies arc facing a very per plcxing problem in the disposal ol the once lai ge It ilfan empii e Thi ec courseb ot iction seem open but which IS the best c rn be decided onlj by the three mam interested prrties lire colonies could be turned over to either the 1 rcnch or British is leldi
tions to thci
unlikely bee ruse ol the little ceo nomic vilue in the Itiliin posses sioiis I he conqueied I inds could be lotuineil to (he Italiiiis which might help to bung the Itili ms hick on oiu side J he 11 gotten cmpiie might ilso be tinned over to one oi
the Allies who his luleel m iteii illy „i r n ' , , , , The following companies are not m our victoiy 1 his 1 ist possibility , , , „ .A,, , , , „ , , scheduled to visit the campus, howmight be fulfilled by the ruil s if ,, i
,, , , , , evei they aie interested in students
teacher but good might eventually
come
. ■——^s Personnel Notes \ Companies scticduled to visit the
c impus
KtA M inufactin mg Co , Cam den N J—July 28 md 29 Intei-
empiies which seems p^^eil m August and December EE, ‘
ME EfeE Ch E, Physicists,
Met F Chemists
Ihe Glcnii I Mai tin Co, Balti moie Mel—Bite lobe announced ‘ Intelcsteel m August and December MI ( r LB P S E
they would enter into ictivc p iitici p itioii on the sick ot the United
N rtioi s X X—
for employment Inform rtion can bo obt lined at the Peisonnel Office leg ruling em
The ulc r ol h ivin the Umtee' ployment oppoitunitics m the Inch St lies tile (vci tlu i Iministi i ion mi Strte Service lor
I ll g iicmici oi the idmmis ll ill m mil I leiiUy the pui|)oso i 1 (h ( 1 g /it 11 u 1 oJhci IS ol II Ur I k i it tu leiu ictivitics -I P— II 11IV il ol 1 /OO uklilioi ll
\S1 1
ioi L
I he coed lie giving i specified inioimt ot then tunc e leh weel Joi leLiviLics wliieh include eiop h i vesting i ul e inning wu st imps uul be I ei s lie s b inel ige loiliiif. ui
ol Itily when il Is Im illv e iptiied is fine md would piohihlv be the be st corn se e J re Urn But im the Unitee' St lies is niovm„ m th it old chmnel loi w hicli it is so lusUv J im ms ihe Biiti h might i ot wait even iiiiiLofl'u ulmin stia tion of It ilj hut it would vt hint 101 tlu Unite 1 St lies to i 1 the
iiui L 1 liini Univeisity ciitt wunmg sciviec leulciship \ ^ ) \ ill I 1 „ 1 LI s (111 )lln I L mil, m iLimirit, .,eivice
Powci House I ngineei ri int M imten mee Engineer Interview ei Pactciiologist Wolf lie Visitor IRY AN EXPONENT ClASSII IID
TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
up to its iH)i m ll Liiiollmciit ol be Lwe s ll I ev I thou i ul le
I lie liuliini B ily Slii numb 1 iln o t finn II 1 e men I I woiucii m R lew Cl tmgi lit will Ul w me I s el I nis mil ll y ll use s wh Ic otlici J i i
-I P—
b \ U live el iL Ll 11 1
i seiviee iiu 11 students it the ll V el ( ililoi 111 IK c nidi 1 )i I up of tlu \SUf colon i 11 1 he 1 mg e u lid itcs up
His Keeper by Day... His Prisoner by Night!
icseiitmg ill In ui lies ot the sci vices will Ic vote I upon ly niciii Icis )l the miviisiLv stu lent oi g nu/iitum while i coed queen will
ilso 1 c sclccLc 1 One ( f tlu 1 11
conte st ll is w is
lor an iiirdtr f Liidinr oi the Li i ds ol (he Inisiiiess stiff
Connie youi s IS a jiosition iIk ttspoiisilHliln s ol vvhicti joii ^ -.u u us lullyrcali/t On you uid voni si iff d( [luiels tin monelirysup srpioulolln inetnc when it qi poi t ol riic jiaiu 1 Jonhivt i Inj |oh die ad Ind wdlilln nd leiiln Iiu Duly (ihloinim ol a now moK comjile (i I iff vou shoultl be able Lo succeed i lei u e liUi el tlu iiqei
Jheadvcitisin rtukhslucomnn nou diifieuJl but 1 in coutil- ‘■o
ing on you lo kee p iht I \p inciil in Ih ll tield \Ai ra If lo J on Be Ily all [ e in say IS io m mil an J oui dependability Oliy Vy 31* OOfluS
Good luck, kids so lonj—-it been fun lo woik with oveiy
one of you —J nt Koim
And Stamps
She Wanted a Part in Winning the War! AWN, A REAL AMERICAN GIRL, JOINS THE WAVES
TODAY-FRi.-SAT.
TIIEVLL BE
PE6,WMEW RECRUIT)IP LIKE' TRAINIM6I5 0VER/TMA1 TOO, IUOPBICAH ao ) 50 THAT I < ON R)RA SPEClALy COULP £4Ri-i course! A kATlMdy
HOVfl PILDIAM PHYLLIS STAHLCY BASIL SIDNEY ProloKue a li Ep ceug by t. mGASi
ARC COOL WASHED AIR
TODAY THRU SATURDAY TOST RUN WESTERN
tMSi
— and — HAIR RAISING ACTION I
ALSO
ujm BiHCK mmm
— PLUS — PATHE NEWS','.‘7
'Amiy^ Navy, Marine News
Thursday; July^2% lp43
hr Service Men, By Service '^en
Air Corps Society AfOUS^s lntsn^sf Members Receive R^orf^ On Commeiits Made By AGF, ASF Men Discussing Subject
By Pfc. Leo Friedman
Delighted by the enthusiastic response that greeted the first announcement of the organization’s formation and purpose, members of the executive board of the ACABP & DI^MTJJ Society, meeting here last night, indicated their strong belief that their battle for recognition of the true worth of the Air Force man was proceeding ^ , much better than they had as practically closed, dared plan. a scientific institution ^ ^ and a scientific army,” one hoa,v,d Manifestations of interest membei’, who would not permit use were reported from every side, of his name, declared. “As soon as Moreover, it was clear that far “H.P.” get, scientific enough to fiiom being motivated by a type of ridcule the board members had secretly feared they would find, practi- soon as he learns that the cally all of those who discussed the ™on he so blithely characterizes as organization took it in the spirit in “latrine orderlies” and “hangar
RostLL
which it had been founded.
Condemned
Especially gratifying was the universal conde7nnation heaped by prominent AGP and ASP men on the sole objector to the plan, one “H.P.” (if those be his real initials), w}iose letter on the matter the Exponent saw fit to print. “Disgusting!” was the sole comment on this breach of common courtesy offered by Sergeant Robert Anderson, who was attached to Army Ground Porce Headquarters before his assignment tq ASTP. Board Welcomes “H.P.” Letter Cpl. Pi’ank Numbers, also exAGP, described the letter as a horrible example of “mudslinging,”
sweepers-out” were, before they got to ASTP, control tower men. Link trainer operators, aviation signal repairmen, aerial photographers and crew chiefs,'we’ll be glad to tell him what a control tower man and a crew chief and all the others are, and we’ll even explain to him why aviation needs them. “And if he’s as fascinated as we think he will be, we’ll tell him what paper in his home town has a good Junior Birdman club he can join.”
(Aside to H.P.:
Look, fella this business of kidding around in print is delicate. I certainly don’t mind your plastering me in print with adjectives, but a lot of people object to your using those adjectives on the air corps. Its
many others, decried it as being “in atrocious taste.” The board itself declared that it welcomed the so-called “H.P. letter” as giving' University soldiery at largo a clear glimpse of the type of Ijropagandistic bias it hoped to eradicate. However, it was clearly shown that aside from the fact that the writer is obviously badly in need of preci.^cly those services the organization was forineil to give, the Jjoat'd regards the “H.P.” incident
It’s Economical to Reserve Your Guest a Room at the, UNION CLUB So Take a Tip from Us and Get Your Reservations Early JhSL fijUJlduSL TYbumjfdaL lAnimv The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
AST hblication
Answers Qil^fion^ hzzliilg Army Men Re-publication of questions and Answers from the booklet, “Pifty questions and answers about the ASTP”, giving authoritative answers to many questions about the program that have been puzzling
GIs is concluded below.
Are military and physical training included in the ASTP? /" Yes, about five hours a week of military training and about six hours of physical conditioning. How many hours per week are the trainees in contact with class
room instructors?
A minimum of 24 hourk per
week.
Is there supervised study in addi-
tion ?
Yes, an additional 24 hours per
week.
Will trainees be permitted to engage in intercollegiate sports? No. This is a war. These soldiers are being trained for specific army duties at army expense. Successful completion of these courses re-
quire great concentration and effort duration of the emergency
AST's Find Personnel Diiiisrd lournuy - ■ For Service Men Psychology Practical
Post
Exchange By Pfc. L. Friedman
Rumors that ASTP men will have to remain in the .army longer than six months after the duration are branded ^s “completely false” by Maj. Gen. H. S. Aurand, commanding general of the Sixth Service Command, in a letter quoted by the Camp Grant Sentinel, camp weekly. “All ASTP men are in the army under exactly the same conditions as any other enlisted man, that is, the government has inducted them
Students Learn Engineering Shop For Army Classification Work
By Cpl. Jack Martire
Applied personnel psychology, as taught in the AST pfp-^ grankat the University, is being made really practical ■with the isistance of the department of general engineering. The students in psychology are being trained to do classifi-
peo- chines. An operator, on the othqr hand, can operate but one machine; and he doesn’t know a great deal about how it works or how to fix it. His job is purely mechanical. The
Ogy section, and Professor machinist is ob'viously the much Beese of general engineering, more valuable man and personnel the plan to teach these men the bas- soldiers must know the production ic shop processes has taken shape, ability expected of each individual. The particular jobs were chosen be- The idea of this training is not to cause of their great importance to ™ake mechanics of the students, general industrial life. but rather to acquaint them -with
on the part of the soldier-trainee. The time required for .instruction and training and supervised study
and six months thereafter,” Gener-
al Aurand wrote.
He said that rumors reported in
A billiard tournament is being, sponsored by the Student Uniqn for all soldiers, sailors and marines. There are to be three separate contests, one for each of the branches of service. Prizes will be awarded to the first three players in
each group.
These tournaments are open to assistance of the department of general engineering. any servicemen -wnether they be- rm-_ • , j
long to the Student Union or not.
The game played will be rotation cation work in the army. Since this work involves the eventual pocket billards until the elimina- assignment of soldiers, it has been found necessary to teach
tion reaches five or six men in each these future classification men - group, The survivors will then play just what sort of jobs
matches on a round-robin basis. , ^ Entries Still Open ^ ^
There are no special times set for ' Under the direction of Proplay and the entrants may compete fessor Lawshe of the psychol-
at their convenience. Entries are not closed and those interested in this game may still enter the con-
test.
According to F. E. Whitney, billiard coach, the men now-a-days have less interest in the game than they used to have. The reason, says Whitney, is that the boys are working too hard at their studies and
Provides Basis For Job Analysis
what the real mechanic and crafts-
MXAVJ. OWJJCJ. V V - ^v.v» .»»* does not allow sufficient leeway for service commands had stated
participation in varsity sports. Is the “cadet system” used at ASTP units? Yes. Following the system in effect at OCS, trainees are organized
ASTP trainees are compelled to remain in the army for from five to ten years after the present emer-
gency.
‘This rumor is completely false,”
while Sgt. Frank Keenan, among a matter of precision—and maybe
you slipped up. You also want to check your facts on jobs in the air corps. You don’t mind, do you?) Registration Workers Students who worked for the Registrar during the Navy Registration may obtain their checks by calling at the Registrar’s Office. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar. Try An Exponent Classified!
into companies, battalions and regi- he wrote, “in that the term of the ments. Within the units, acting of- enlistment is in no way changed by ficers and non-commissioned offi- assignment to the ASTP. Under cers serve in rotation, holding the provisions of the Service Extension assignment long enough tp become' Act of 1941, a joint resolution of familiar with the duties. A perman- Congress approved Dec. 13, 1941, ent commanding officer heads each permitted units and persons in the AST unit. Army of the United States to be What colleges are used in the used anywhere in the world, and exprogram? tended the service of all members Colleges and universities which of the Army of the United States have adequate facilities for the re- six months beyond cessation of hos-
quired fields of instruction have tilities.”
been approved by contracts. In- —P-X— stitvitions are first “cleared” by a Importance of ASTP in the army joint Army-Navy War Manpower scheme is indicated “by another Committee before the Army negoti- Sentinel piece repoi’ting creation of ates a contract. an ASTP Reserve Program through Are college credits and degrees which qualified high school graduawarded upon successful comple- ates of 17 will get military scholartion of ASTP courses? ships for ASTP basic phase inSince all of the academic work in struction. The object is to provide the program is at the college level, for a constant flow of qualified stu-
it is expected that credits towards dents.
with the accompanying lectures will give the desired knowledge as
to just what does happen.
With this problem in mind. Professors Bee&e-''knd Lawshe worked out a plan to acquaint the students with the more common jobs, and the
nel psychology students are learn-
ing.
Unusual Approach To Subject An approach such as this to an important subject is unusual if not rare. Here are neophyte psychologists learning about mechanics. The intelligent foresight on the part of Professor Lawshe, 'Beese and Tiffin, as chairmen of the psychology sec-
... To understand these processes is
they do not take time out to learn to have a good basis for job analy- ^f^ere they belong, their jobs must
the game. In addition many of the sis, and that is most important in fellows are afraid to enter since the classification of men. Books they do not feel proficient enough ^lene will not give the proper backto compete. Whitney feels that this gi’ound and only direct observation
should not deter those who are in-
terested in the game.
V-12 Marines Take Naval OC Courses By Correspondence By Pfc. M. C. West USMCR
Many of the marines stationed logy. The lectures and demonstrahere have either completed, or are tions are under the direction of now completing, a correspondence Professors Lascoe and Bindley, but course offered by the Marine Corps the various engineering instructors for men in its officers’' candidate take over the two-hour periods in class. The course is not; required of their specific fields. the men, and all who take it do so Basic Engineering Taught voluntarily. _ just what engineering is taught All reference material is fur- to these soldiers who are to become
nished by the government and the
department of general engineering extremely important
help of their various assistants, has resulted in training that is of ac-
has cooperated to the extent of giving lectures to these students of occupations and vocational psycho-
course is carried on just as is a college correspondence course. Most of the men started the course
personnel experts? Welding has been given much publicity in the present crisis and demonstrations showing what that job consists of
tual practical value. Instead of just reading about various occupations, here we see them. How much better is the understanding that cornea from observation. The students will go from the course with a feeling that they know something about the actuality of their subject rather than being stuffed with academic theory. They will be more adequately equipped for the work, which the
army has inf store for them.
soon after they enlisted and carried are important in understanding the
it in addition to their ree-ular col- a c-p +1,.. AX** 0wXXwUIXXV9
degrees will be granted. The ASTP Advisory Committee, composed of presidents of a number of leading colleges and universities, has recommended the authorization of such credits. It is anticipated that
—P-X— Elsewhere on the GI’s front: Every soldier is going to be taught to cook for himself, with students in QMC cooks and bakers schools being readied as instruc-
it in addition to their regular col-
lege work.
The course includes lessons on marine history, sanitation, discipline, map reading, chemical warfare, marine organization, and oth-
process. AST men are taught the difference between arc, resistence, and gas welding; they are shown what is meant by flame welding and
flame hardening.
cation.
the colleges and universities par- tors.
ticipating in the ASTP will arrange jj0 ];,g -taught how to make a for soldiers returning after the war stove out of a “C” ration can; whein to qualify as civilian students foi to use gasoline from tank, truck or degrees by taking special courses jeep for fuel, and how; how to use designed to round out their edu- parts of his mess kit for cooking ra-
tions and how to make soup out of boullion cubes and meat, and hotchocolate out of his chocolate bars.
—P-X—
Yanks is now delivering copies to overseas EM’s almost simultan-' eously with local distribution. The presses roll at London, Cairo, Sidney, Trinidad and Porto Rico . . . The Hobby Guild of America, 34 West 33 St., New York City, is running a nation wide servicemen’s hobby contest. Entries, in the form of collections, are to be submitted by August 15, 1943, and will be returned after exhibition. Prizes run from $50 in a War Bond on down ...
Fraternity Table Tennis
Due to change in days of play for the Fraternity Softball, which wa^ Monday and Thursdays, and is now
iiicviiiic ui. ciiiu. util* nm ^ wr er subiects vital in modern War- changed to Monday an'd Wednes-. „ ^ lecture and demonstration classes is ovoTi:no-<= tiio Fraiprnit.v Tahip
that in forging and heat treatment. How to identify metals from the spark test is important to the craftsman, and thus it must be im-
fare.
A certificate is given for satisfactory completion of the course, and credit for this goes into the man’s
service record.
day evenings, the Fraternity Table Tennis matches wilj be played on Tuesday and Thursday evenings at 4. This tournament ^ill be an elimination event with two men to a
Letters
To The Editor
Dear Sir:
Generally speaking, it can honestly be said that the average serviceman first judged the University by the appearance of its campus. Adding up the daily comments to the snatches of campus chatter, the imprqssion equals plus. Since men in the army, navy, and marines rep-
resent practically every section of transportation OCS has rrroved our country, they can be considered Mississippi State College to as qualified judges. Carrrp Hanrahan, New Orlearrs . . .
Just look aroiurd sometime; this Q^rnp Grant will have a school soon
carrrpus is beautiful. Berhaps soirre classificatioir have taken it for granted lately, specialists. Candidates are new rebut it’s always good to hear adirrir- cruits in liirrited service with per-
able coirrments about anything con- gQj.,j^ej backgrounds,
nected with the University. Of course there’s no sense in walking around with Mother Nature in your soul. We’ve got more iirrportant things to do, but it wouldn’t do any harm to help improve wherever pos-
sible. In general the campus doesn’t Arrdrew, Harriet Christian, and
need much improvement, the lawns Feaster.
are kept neat and the hedges are al- \ ways trim. There are only two in-
stances to oui- knowledge that could vieemon wore taught a very useful stand a little improvement. system for extinguishing cigarette From a recent letter to the editor, butts. They snap off the head, break three students expressed their dis- the butt in two, scatter the tobacco, aiipointed in the appearance of und roll the remaining paper into a John Purdue’s grave. It doesn’t tight ball which is then thrown seem fitting to honor the man whose away. It was a strict rule back in name this University comemorates, camp, so let’s keep it up here. Keepin such a manner. We’re sure that ing the campus beautiful is certainwe can do much better than that if ly worth that little trouble. If we we all pitch in and help. Any sug- nil follow this simple system, the gestion would be more than wel- situation will be cleared up in no come. time. The other situation arises from We firmly believe we all take the matter of cijjarette butts being pride in helping to improve. The thrown on the lawns or on the steps campus is a direct reflection on the immediately leading to buildings, student body. Certainly the cause Even though the rest of the cam- is worthy enough, so what say? pus may he as neat as a pin, one From now on let’s all seek to inir such area tends to break up the prove and make our campus—“our picture. source of pride.” At their former stations the scr- Pfc. J. C. Brehl
Navy, Marine V-12s To Begin Competition In Softball Tonight First of the Navy V-12 and Ma-
rine V-12 intramural softball used? What does one mean by mak-
portant to the personnel men. Just team. Following is the schedule for
what effect does tempering have on Thursday evening:
various metals ? What does heat do to the grain structure? The different tempering colors and baths and the hardening baths are explained. Foundry Work In Third Series Just what goes on in a foundry is the subject for the third of the series. What is a mold and how is it
games will be played this evening at 6:30 on intramural field according to the schedules below. Navy and marine students will play every Tuesday and Thursday evening for the remainder of the
season.
ing the drag, making the cope ? One who knows these things can talk to a foundry man and discover something of his training, experience and ability along these lines. The machine shop lectures cover various phases of the work done un-
Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Delta Upsilon Delta Tau'Delta vs. Alpha Tau Omega Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Triangle Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Tau Phi Sigma Theta vs. Sigma Chi It will be necessary that the men appear as scheduled as it is probable the entire schedule will be played off Thursday evening.
The second round of AST games der this heading. Since the title of was played last night despite the the course is so general and the conwet condition of the ground. Results tent so varied and specific, the three
as far as available were as follows:
Kappa Delta Pi , . . education honorary, an-
nounces the initiation of Sarah
C5 A4 A3 forfeited to C3 Cl forfeited to A7 B2 forfeited to D1 C6 forfeited to A5 In Monday’s play: C3 D2
Marine & V-12 Softball Games Thursday, July 29—6:30 Diamond Co. Sec. Co. Sec.
remaining periods have been given over to this study. A lathe is a most important part of the industrial equipment and to understand it, one must understand something of the mechanics of the machine. Can the man being interviewed tell the difference between rough turning, facing, drilling and boring? Does he know how to cut a thread ? Is he a skilled lathe man, or does he just understand one particular job ? Shows If Man Knows His Job And what about milling ma-
1 A 1 vs C 7 chines ? Does the man know the dif2 A 2 vs C 8 fei’ence between the end, mill, and
9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20
A 3 vs D 1 face type of milling cutters? If he A 4 vs. - - D 2 does and can operate them and do
A .... 5 vs D 3 A 6 vs D.... 4 .'. A 6 vs D 4 . ... A 7 vs D... . 5
A....
B .. .. B .. ... B ... .. B... .. B .
B .
. ... B
B . ... C .. ... . C . C .. C....
8 vs...
1 vs.
2 vs.. 3 vs... 4 vs...
D.... 6 .D 7 D ... 8
the various operations, then it could be concluded that he knows his job. Grinding hiachine opei'ation is important. Certain men claim knowledge of grinders, precision instruments and tool and die work. Whether or not they have this is for E .. ..1 ,'the personnel men to decide. E .... 2 Evaluation Must Be Specific
. 5 vs E 3 The question arises, why don’t 6 vs E 4 tfie interviewers and classifiers just . .7 vs F .. 1 ask the man what he did and then . 8 vs F 2 classify him accordingly? The an-
swer is that the various jobs are so complicated that one has to be specific in his evaluation. There is a great deal of difference between a skilled mechanic and an operator. The former has had much training
1 vs F 3 2 vs F.... 4 3 vs F 5 4 vs C.. .6
C-5 drew a bye and will not play
until Tuesday.
Companies A, B, C & D are V-12 and experience and can do all the and Co. E &F are Marines. work connected with certain ma-
Fraternity Badminton Fraternity Badminton will be played on Tuesday and Thursday evenings at 6:30 instead of Monday and Wednesday, as previously scheduled. The first round will be played off Thursday evening. Please have the men on hand to play as scheduled. The following Fraternities are scheduled: Phi Sigma Theta Delta Upsilon Delta Tau Delta Alpha Tau Omega Sigma Alpha Mu Triangle Acacia Phi Kappa Tau Army Lists Status Of A-12, Students Students between their seven-, teenth and eighteenth birthdays,. who qualified for enrollment in th® Army Specialized Training Reserve and entry into selected coK leges at government expense in the A-12 examination given April 2 will not effect their status by nftfe, enrolling in the Enlisted Reserve Corps. Students who do eni;QU in th« ERC will be ordered to active duty during the six month period intmed-' lately following their eighteentl^ birthday. They may request some, particular date in order to finish the then current term at the Univec-
sity.
Buy War Bondi* ^
er - _ ly mge,4
Purdue Exponent
THunday, July 29, 1943 ]
I II rnumm Daseball I earn
Misselhorn Captain
Friend/ Wright Share ' Valuable Player Award Bj Rav Smith At a meeting of the baseball team last night thiee semorb weie honoied for then peifoimances dm mg the past season when Ed Misselhoin was selected as honorary captain and Paul Fiiend and Chuck Wiight weie named as the team’s most valuable ^layers Misselhoin vas the only \eteian hurlei oh the staff and had to caiiy the maioi poition of
To
egins Coaching Duties
the mound duties dm mg the PgffQf
season lust completed He wound up the season yith a lecoid of thiee yms against three defeats, and was piessed into seiMce s’s a fiist baseman neai
(Continued fiom page 11
The idea of a patent system was included in the Constitution ovei one bundled fifty yeais ago A1
the end of the season altei Jennings containing many faults it is
constantly undei suiveillance by
wa§ iniuied
Duffy Fiiend and Chailey Wiight who shaie the hoiioi of being the most aaluable pin's ei undoubtedly deseiie the honoi that has been be stowed upon them bs then team mate= foi both filmed piommenth in the Boileimakeis Mctoiies dm mg the past season Tw o votes wei e
goveinnient committees in an cl foitto impiove it Accoiding to Dean Pottei the fact thau the United States is lecognized ’is the leading industiial countiy of the woild IS due laigely to the lemaik able Ameiicin Patent System A note of liumoi was intioduced
lequiied to decide upon the most into the addiess when the Dean ex valuable plajei with the lesults of plaining what wondeiful aid he was both ballots being i tie between given while woil mg in Washington Fiiend and Wiight foi the awaiH as a membei of the Patent PHnnmg
Commission exclaimed No one in the woild IS as geneious as an
Friend Leads Hitters
Fiiend was the leading battei on
the club ending the season with a
Ameiicnn and nobody in Ameiica
healthy 388 aveiage He was able geneious as a menibei of the to collect 19 hits duiiiig the 14 game E^gmeeimg piofession schedule and was among the scoi Dean Pottci is a well 1 nown mg leaders with 10 luns Duffy will figuie aiound the Univeisitj hav also be lemembeied as a vaisity nig been on the campus since 1920 basketball legulai last wmtei He has been piesident of both the Wiight started the season as an Society foi the Piomotion of Engi outfieldei but befoie the 14 game neeiiiig Education and the Amen card was completed he saw service can Society of Mechanical Engi both in the infield and behind the neeis At present he is the Lxecu plate After the armed forces le tive Director of the Patent Plan duced the catching department to nmg Commission which was formed nothing Chuck Wright stepped into m December 1941 for the purpose the position and carried on for the of mil mg uljustments m the remainder of the season Although Ameiicin pitcnt system so thvt it he was shifted around the lineup would be ot greitei v due m the
quite a bit Wright was able to main war effoit
tain hib fielding abilit'\ and lead the
team m fielding with a 976 average V* for the season rcr&tf y\ Misselhorn Giaduates social fraternity announces Misselhoin i resident of Kendall the le election ot Art Woods piesi ville will receive Ins bachelor s de dent Louis A Fischer house inrn glee in Mechanical Engineering igei md the election of the follow next month and will then go to woil mg officers George Plclifi ich vice m New lork state Both Fiiend and president M illiam McCullough M light will remain on the campus sen or steward Charles L iml lun Filend as a member of the \ 12 pro mi steward and Thad H inwav gram and M i ght as i sei loi m the corresponding secietriv
physical education school
Coach Pop Doan stated that Ed Misselhorn was well deserving of the honoraij capt line's He also said he w ould not have been w ithout
Friend and Wright on the team
The Univcisity Chon directed by Albert P Stewart and assisted by iccompanist David Simpson will start the enteit iinment tomorrow night at the Music Hall All service men on campus are expected to it tend this program Ihc choir now has a tot il of 160 voices This pel for malice wil> open at 7 ‘'0 p in with the choir singing Set Down beivant —an mango m‘''nt by Bob Shaw diiectoi of the 'vV 11 mg Glee Club soloists for this number will be Study Wolin diuin soloist ind C 11 oh n M oo 1 and Glen Earl vocal soloists Ralston To bolo Mood Indigo w ill be the second number a bit ot tropic il spice foi lowed by Cuioci (fiom living Do\/n to Rio ) Ruth R ilston will tal e the spotlight is soloist foi this number Another i i.iinbci will be a x'vlo phone solo by Bril iia Ilei le if ter which the chon will si g 1 ho Pur due Hyinlr’ and then Spirit Ob De Lord i rhvthinie negio spuiturl After the new mangeincnt of As Time Goes By with Carolyn Wood as soloist the choir will end their nights perfoimrnce with A1 Stewarts own in ingement oC Johnny Zero
According to I itcst woid from the Debris editorirl offices the dis ti ibution of the 194'’ veil bool will begin during the rust weel ir Au gust this summer s edition will be the 11st full sue edition of the De hr IS for the (hi ition theicmimlcr of the 1 orl s che lule 1 t be ] il lished 11 \ ai tunc w ill be on i sm illor sc le th 11 i \ i ul 1 he 1 n the 11st lew 'v e n s rheie re i Ici n o c 1 ool s iv 1 ible which nrrr le pireh d for five doll 11 o t eh—fiist eoine 1 st ‘"crve 1 rhev m n 1 c oideie 1 t the west desl of the I nion or m the Debus offices Ictweci the lions from 4 incl o 0 p 11 J ol s will 1 e milled nnwl^rc i the Li tc I St ites for 25 coi ts
(Continued from pioC 1) ranted by a textbook St he lule In 1 leshmin Notebook In the rreshinm Notebool sent out by \WS the coeds are gettrng a lou^h idea of the busy sohedule ahe id of them ihosc first few days on c imp IS It ill begins August 27 with e ch new girl meeting her first friend m the foi in of in upperclass con isel n w 1 ( se ic bs froi i then on coul 1 eonipa t 1 to th t ol i seeing eve dog 1 111 IV ni-,ht August 27 coun scloi md CO i! selcc will officially st it the all important social aspect jf coll go life with a picnic on the south hill liwn cf the Womens Res donee Halls At this time differ cut Ul ivoisity notables will wcl come them i eligious toimiil Dance After the ] icinc the Religious C( lined of Lif ivettc ind West La fryette will sponsor a got ac cuainted p rit\ md d ince in the Uir roi bill 00 ns which will be open to the cntiic Univiisity Situidiy inoinmg fiom about 7 a m on Itcshinen will be haunting the Music Hill iw ntii g fiu the dooi s t( opei it 7 45 md tests to 1 c,,in VL the close of in exhausting di\ if te tfi >■ the coeds will be all set for that g imbling ch nice with till tradition il DilcBuieiii Chi 1 ch Oil ‘'und ir C 0 11 ^cl n a e isl c 1 to t il e then couusches to the church pre le Cl ec on Sin 1 iv morning rnd to the Fie hman Ficultv Tei in the ftei ocn It s if th tea tint co ei toiindh iieet some of the nc del ol the fic Itv including 1 ic=i le t Fll tt M lid u wdl SCI the eoinpletion of t t t le i weel or so Those iclrtillel 1 i)h\ Sleds uc ilso s 1C le 1 AI 1 i\ when girls hi t ic ]u unt theinsehes with the 1 id 1 11 c I of n lilies St cu 1 liiioiitliPe isii rtioii 0 Tues A u I Wcdi sd y the eoi 1 scl r w 11 t 1 e the i 1 ew ddci 0 1 co II sclce tl lou h rc^^i tr ition M tl 1 gi tr iLioi ov 1 i 1 g p ity r ill 1 i h 11 M ednes 11\ ercniUj, lor 1 cw c )t ( oh 1 1 1 cv 1 1 1 0 up pci ell 11 nt ei inij thin tr'e 1 1 1 \ dc sscs bej \ ith 110 fe s V, 1 ocpiiie the i ew stu ei ts t 1 ^ c Ol h t „ ve the tu
Staff Mtml etfa
Doan explained to the team that of th cat i e the lack of funds and opposition ^ ^ '
were the reasons for the absence of baseball here diiiiUj, the past two ^ ^
months ouid 11 t u
i cl I t n t hi th A L bl out, at 2 b3
M mb b vi h COI m y t th m 1 i 1 oO cc Ol Hr 1 r
-4iODDl N
Ajfrt lyt) th f r tl iu t 1 h St 1 nt b t oil c
(Continued from page 1) moi ling He wdl tall on Plugging Manpower Leaks L iter m the morning A I ool at Some Ijpicil Industrial Tiaming Piogian s wdl be the subject ol an address be J B Newlai d senior stmdiids e\ ainmei of the Appi entice ind Training Service W dtei Dietz Ui iveisity giadu ate of 02 diiectoi or Ii dustiial Re lations foi thi Mestein Eleetiie Compdi \ md now i‘-soeute iliiec tor ol the fi lining witiiii Inlustiv Piogiam wdl addiess the ^.loup to nioiiow alt moon on fi lining Piogiam Deiciopment Di Joseph Tiffin ]iolessn rl Inciii ti i il Psi chologj Mil ds t 11 1 la\ after noon Hi tope will hr Id \i dy SIS Man 4n Ivsis ml 1 lining Men cm oiled 1 the AS I j 11 gi u i 111 peisonncl ps\eholog\ will it en 1 thealtcinioi session I lieu Diet/ UNIVERSITY GRADUATE JOINS WESTIHGHOUSE M hilsoii less wli g! i kiatcd from the Uihvcisua with i B die lor of Science ilcgiec in elcctiied engineer mg'- m 194 3 has joined the Westinghouse Ilectiie &. Alaniifae tuiing I oinpai \ isancmbei rf the companvs giaiiiife student course One ft moil tb m 250 louig men hclceted fiom colleges ail unnci sitics thi lughout the eount v Ali Ross IS iceeiMig cigieeiing and classioom instiuctien de sif. ned to fit him for aeti\( iiait eij die in the C onipai \ s igi itioi I boi don obseivmg the ehuietciite 1 i new Ignition eiieuit The eouise was oiigmd lie Westinghouse ovei fiit\ le us ago to help college giaJuales I ii Ige the gaji between aeidemit ind letu il i pioduetiori work "
PCS Snort tr IjJy iOtl s c Ii J nl 0 1 o\ io 11 I tb Ol t I 811 m ol for r bci at n HUI 1 Skull and Crebcei tin t t c t ' II b I II 1 eoon 312 ot th U o il I J J Ij t 7 10 i m /II lo I a tu tt d 1 n 0 1 t n ^ KLLIN I i rdut I la ers LI cl n X If v 11 II 1 r J 3 t 1 J n I i h 11 ( R \\ 1 ri 1 ni m E i„int r St 1 t CI 1 a 1 t 1 2 In t bat I y I v 1 L s n m 1 oC tl LI 1 L c.
Ail Slidcnt A 1 0 i
Auj, t 1 tl I
I I > A s I
PRESENTS
.of -
ii 1
i M t I lie ei 1 (ji ns
tl n
1 II HI At I
LoveSy Jams Carter, HoOywood lAoyte Stor, prefers
to al! other Leg-Make ups « It IS easy to apply and does not streak ® Effectively conceals blemishes ® Need not remove hair to use it ® It IS not harmful to the skin (contains no dye or shellac) ® Cost less than 3c per pair $T 50—6-oz bottle $3 00—16 oz bottle (Appioxiimtely 42 puts) (Ai pro? imatcly 120 puts) loriTiul ted iid M tnuf letuted m Woild Fimous Medical Center by Rochester Laboratories MARY MORGAN SALES—Notional Distributors Mirneapolib Denver Sin Francisco
dent a fleeting view ot the interest ing course ahead and leavrng the freshman wrth the mrstaken rdea that college life is really a snap 1 reshman lea After the first day of classes, YWCA lb sponsoring a Freshman Tea it 4 p m in the Union And even this isn t all Tuesday Sept 7 WAA will give a tea for the new gills rnd on the following day Collegicno Chats begin Collegiene Chits sponsored by AWS is just another stop in m iking the adjust ment liom high school to college an eisiei one foi the new Tieshmen gills This busy schedule of events which IS ahe id ot c lelr coed should help oveiy new student got off on the light foot
Until last night there were six fi iteinity teams tint were unbeat en or untied They were rs follows Navy Plight 1 ATO and Phi Signn Kappa Beta Sigma Psi L mil da Chi Alph i and Sigmi Pi Pi Kuppi Phi md Sigma Phi Ep silon Signn Alpha Lpsilon Theta r lu and Phi G imiiia Delta The icisoi tint tlieio aie two oi thiee Iiateimties on one team is the fict that these fiateiiiities aie living to gothoi 111(1 sep n itely they would not hive enough men to have a tc uii ot then ow n Onlj two or thiee reims have 10 t both of thou fiist two games the lest have split even Facli team IS scheduled to pi ly i total of foui g lines these will all bo pi lyccl bv next Tue da> ui Ics the weathei 11 Ul Intel uipts In th it cise thev will hive to be pi \e 1 s soon is posb ble so theie will le plenty oi tine foi the c nnip onsliip games It 11 J. oes IS pi u ned the hn ils will be pi lye 1 the 1 ittei i lit ot i ext weel Ul 1 the 11 t ] ait of the 1 ist w el ol school in this teini
By Russ Lipes “I’m through with the pro game,” said Cecil Isbell, new Boilermaker backfield coach, during an interview yesterday afternoon “It’s pretty tough to leave after five years of it, but I’ve made up my mind to quit and that’s what I am going to do,”
he said
Isbell arrived m town last Tuesday afternoon to take over his new duties on Elmer Burn —■ ham’s gridiron staff Due to ters However, the Washington the rain yesterday and the re- kedskms are getting nearly all of suiting cancellation of football practice, Cec has had only one Many gridiron fans will lememchance to look ovei the pros- her Gee’s brother, Cody, who played pects for the 1943 season but he quarterback on the same Riveter feels that the Boilermakers will teams that Cec starred on When have a good squad asked about Cody s present where During his years in the profes abouts Cec replied Cody is an elecsional football circuit Isbell has tr reran s mate first class, in the m rdc his home at Manitowqc Wis , And has been down on Guadal rnd his his own water softening 9c.nal seeing quite a bit of action' business there His former assist In the lasf letter Cecil received from ant IS running the business for him mother she informed him that now so that he can devote full time Cody had contracted a disease and to his coaching job Incidentally his )iAd sent to a hospital, presumably corching job isn t just for the foot m Australia to recover hall se ibon He s going to be a per inanent member of the PE staff
Swell To Be Back
Describing it as swell ’ to be back on the campus, he said that the ^tu dents here were very lucky to have such a nice and be lutiful school He pi ins to move his wife and small d lughtei down here and estiblish his home just as soon is he can find a pi ice to stay which is no easy
task
When asked about the biggest thrill during his professional caieei Cec stated th it there were so many tint it was re illy hard to pick out XI V one as the most outstanding One of the most thiilling games that he has evei played in was the Pack ei Bear g ime 1 ist se rson which the Pickers won 16 10 Also he dc sciibeel the time th it he threw six toichdown passes in a battle with the ChicioO Cudinils as very cx citing Redskins lo Be At I ull Strength Commenting on the outlool lor the pio leagues foi this fall Isbell Slid tint most of the sciuads weie doubttul IS to then uticngih There lust aien t any men to fill the los
Classified
Typewriters A Idinp; macnines all makes Bold rente 1 rcpaiied and purchased Mimeo graph work doi c C J Ebershoff 605 Main,
Lafayette Phone 2779
Money to Loan On diamonds watches guns 1 ffgage typewriters Albert 8 Loan
Office 40 Columbia
The Christian Science Monitor is on sale t U Un on B 11 ng West Desk Rooms and two room furnished apartment K aboi bk rent 4)1 State ihone 2546 I ost—Ra ncont N ime ii back Leon D
I wjb 28)2 Rcwarl
Reward f r ii form t on 1 11 ng to the re c V ly f It ik rtd spring fork ] nee action 1 cy Ic t k fr m tl west lo i of the tJ IO b M L, 1 day night (July 20)
fel ) 1 lio 0 71334
Notice
Any students who wish to work for the Registrar during the registration for the semi term, August Tl and September 1, will pT^fee leave their names at the desk in the Registrar’s Office RALPH B SI ONE, Registrar
REMEMBER TO ORDER YOUR
STILL ONLY
Before August 1st 25c Extra Will Mail a Debris Anywhere in U. S.
MBaM