i
Sr Vf- * It'S 1 f#/ f
ijii t . '/a s
t
i' '''
. ‘•K ^ i
’ i -f ^
//
P^p Rally As Team Entrains For Minnesota
Student Parade Forms At State, Grant At 5 p.m. At 5 o’clock this afternoon the student hody, carrying banners and posters, will form behind the band at State and Grant streets and march en masse to the Big Four station to see the football team oif for d:he Minnesota game Saturday. Doc Anderson, loyal team supporter and caretaker of the Boilermaker mascot, will set fhe pep session in high gear ■with the opening remarks. “Red” Carter, Jipi Miller, Combs, Byelene and “Red” Mackey, Riveter tackle coach, will also address the rally before the train leaves at 6:49 for the Gopher stronghold. Preparations Lengthy preparations have been made by Bill Delmar, cheer manager, and Johnnie Zuck, head yell leader, to make this pep session the biggest arfd loudest held so far this fall. M. L. Clevett, head of theyintramWal department, announced yesterday that all of the intramural games scheduled for this afternoon ■will be postponed in order to facilitate a larger attendance at the rally. Delmar urges “Every organization on the campus, including the residence halls and Cary Halls, to cooperate with the cheer leaders by delaying their dinner at least 15 minutes in prder to give the students ample opportunity to show their backing for the team.” Sunday morning the yell staff will telephone all fraternities, sororities, co-op houses and halls and notify them of the time and place to meet the team on its return home. Because of the inaccessibility of the military band to greet the team on its return, a plan is under way among students to form a campus band to welcome the Boilermaker squad upon its arrival on the 12:22 ^rain. , Passing Dominates Drill As Grid Squad Holds Final Workout A spirit of determination reigned in the Boilermaker' grid encampment yesterday afternoon as the squad dashed through a lengthy workout. The competitive fire that all concerned threw into scrimmage was helped immeasurably by a brisk wind and all other indications that real pigskin weather is here to, stay. Pointing For Upset Though they face a foe who is highly favoted to defeat them Saturday, the wearers of the Gold and Black are throwing every effort into a bid for an upset conquest against the vaunted Golden Gopher^. It is interesting to notice that all Western Conference aggregations in past years have executed at least one surprising upse*-, no matter how poor a record it might have for the campaign as a whole. With the Riveters anxious for just such a comeback, the Norsemen may very well have reason to prepare against ever-confidence and a tendency to let down a trifle. Overhead Attack Passing dominated the drill last night, for the coaching staff realizes that this-form Of attack may be the only one th^ they can use effectively 'in combating the huge Maroon and Gold forward wall. Minnesota has the reputation for being weak in fighting off enemy aerial thrusts, as well as tossing the leather. As a result the Riveters may unleash an overhead program that will surpass any of its type so far this fall. Timperman Shelved Tony Berto and Walter Cook took ever the heaving assignments* while Ped Carter is being groomed as a' receiver in addition to flankmeii Combs, Captain Rankin, McCaffrey an^ King.'Cook,.who saw his first extended action m Manhattan last week-end against Fordham, displayed capabilities'as a passer. The injury of standout tackle Petfe Timperman, who is confined to the hospital with a stomach ailment, puts a crimp on the physical fitness of , (Cofitinued on page 2)
xponent m jOw/^ Sf*ro4S
Volume 52, No. 57
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, Noyember 14, 1940
Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan As I sit down to pound this effort out on these type kgys I can also depict myself pounding out another defeat story this Saturday. You know, it's getting so that I can almost write the story at home, go to the game, watch the Riveters go through their now stereotyped performance of outplaying their opponents and failing to win and then come home, saying, “Oh, well, wait 'til next wpek.” Weeks upon weeks have come and gone-and still the identical old, old story withMke exception of Iowa. And Butler's bull pen exhibition doesn’t count. —I-I— This week we journey to Minneapolis. I’ve wondered during the ^ast few nights whether I should prepare to write a story on Minnesota’s ^scenic" wonders or the flour industry of Minneapolis. Yes, the Boilermaker squadis going to make a journey to Minneapolis to have a football game with Minnesota. But after playing one quarter of football against the Gophers, Mai plward and Jbiis team managers can take the squad on a sight-seeing tour and get the educational aspects (Continued on page 3) Fulton John Sheen • Speaks To Students At Sunday Convo, Speaker for the second regular religious convocation, to be held on Sunday morning in the Music Hall, will be the Right Reverend Monsignor Pulton J. Sheen of Washington, D. C. The subject of his address will be “War and God’s Judgment.” ~ Dr. Sheen, who is returning to the campus for the third consecutive year, is well remembered by University students as well as the Lafayette and West Lafayette towns-/ peofile, who have heard him before. Holds Eight Degrees Dr. Sheen holds degrees from eight important colleges and universities, apd on two occasions Pope Pius XI has given him special recognition. He is associate professor of philosophy at the Catholic University of America, and from 1931 to 1937 he served as assistant at St. Patrick’s Cathedral in New York City. He is known as an author, educator, priest and yadio speaker both here and abroad. j.d.s. A. A. Potter ^ . . . dean of the schools of engineering, has been re-elected chairman of the committee on engineering schools of the Engineers’ Coun‘dl for ^Professional Development. The purpose of this committee is to maintain high standards in trajining engineers. ^ Dr. Potter has also been appointed chairman of a committee to represent the engineering profession'' on an advisory committee for the publication Wlm’s Who In Eqigineering. j.d.8.
Red Cross
. . . room in the sub-basement of the Union will be open every Tuesday evening from 7^0 9 o’clock for the convenience of co-eds and business women who wish to help. Mrs. 15. B. Wiley is in charge of the local organization. £i.J.
Cochran Closes Vocational Conference
“The road to ^ success is hard work,” said Jacqueline Cochran, noted aviatrix and business woman of New York City, in a charmingly informal discussion that provided one of the closing features here yesterday afternoon of the “Feminine Futures” Vocational conference that attracted an attendance of close to 1,100. Miss Cochian, who made a special triPj here to appear before the conference of interested ypung women, described bet own experiences in the business and flying world and then turned her discussion into a question and answer session in which the co-eds joined freely. Other Principal Speaker The other principal speaker at the closing general session, was President Edward C. Elliott, who in speaking of “Personal Characteris-r tics Necessary for Job Success,’’ said, “Be'determined that competition \^11 always be a little less than your competency.” In speaking of the significance of the confeience. President Elliott said, “The hope of tomorrow is iri the apparently irresponsible youth of today who prove they 'can-plan and carry through responsibility.” “Culture, character and competency are all important,” said Pres. Elliott, “but none can surpass human personality.” Toastmistress Joyce Burnham, West Lafayette, vice president of the Women’s Sqlf Government-Association, that sponlore(J the conference, acted as toastmistress over the final session. Immediately following the formal program, the speakers of the afternoon were''guests at an informal reception in the Union. ■Students To Get Taste Clf Swing Folk Dancing Saturday Night At 8 Interfoundajtional Polk Dance — sponsored by the Purdue Religious Council and designed to give John and Mary Purdue something a little different in the v^y of swings comes up at 8 p. m. Saturday night. The affair is to be hhld in the Women’s Gymnasium-j-well located considering the vigorous evening ahead of those in attendance. A staff of folk dance authorities will be on hand to giye us amateurs in the almost-lost art of folk dancing a slant on bow it should be done, in the streamline versions of what grandpa and grandma used to swing out to, back in thq^ horse and bnggy days. Lambeth Walk, Etc. Ken Truax, oge of the staff of folk-dance experts, has stated that innovations will be the order of the eveningj-featuring such steps as the Indiana version of the Lambeth Walk—and innumerable steps based on the old folk dances. According to Mildred i^rowning, chairman of the social committee <5f the Purdue Religious Council and in charge of the affair, the folk dance is being given in preparation for the annqal Scarecrow Ball, at which folk dancing will be featured, e.m.k.
R. B. Wiley
. . . head of the school of civil engineering, was recently nominated to T:he b'oard of management of' the American Society of Civil Engineers. This is the oldest American engineering society but it is the first time that Purdue has been represented by an officer hn its staff. o.l.a. ,
Barnet, Arnheim Will Play Tomorrow At Military Formal Decorations Feature Patriotic Background Two orchestras will provide the music tomorrow night for the annual Military Ball, first dance of the ofi^cial campus formal' season, as the entire Union building is turned over to those attending. Charlie Barnet and his orchestra will play from the ballrooms, while Gus Arnheim and his orchestra will be featured in the cafeteria. Pro- , grams are now available at the cashier’s office. « Barnet, son of millionaire parents, gave up the movies and formed his
Dr. C. H. Behre, Geologic Expert Speaks Tonight At Defense Convocation Second Defense Lecture Starts At 7:30 O'clock In Music Hall / i Br. Charles H. Behre, professor of economic geology at Northwestern University, will discuss this evening, in the second of a series of convocations on preparedness, the strategic importance of mineral resources to the defense of the United States. The convocation will be held in the Music Hall at 7:30 o’clock. This evening at 6 o’clock the local student chapter of the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers wilLhonor Dr. Behre at a dinner in room 330 of the Union. European War Cuts Off Minerals Due to the fact that the war in Europe has cut off a great many minerals essential to our industry, the question of their importance and the obtaining of them is of vital importance to this country. Dr. Behre has been on the Northwestern University staff for the past five years and has traveled extensively in America and foreign countries studymg mineral deposits. He has written extensively on non-meteillic minerals and js active in a number of professional societies, among which are: American Institute of Mining, Metallurgical Engineers and Geological Society of America. Dr. Behre was born at Atlanta, Ga., on March 16, 1896, obtained his bachelor’s degree at the University of Chicago m 1918 and his doctorate at the same university in 1925. He joined the faculty of Lehigh University as an instructor in 1921, was assistant professor of geology at Cineixmati University, and finally fufi professor of economic geology at Northwester^ Univeisity. Since he has been at Northwestern University, his research interests have been in structural geology and the geology of mineral deposits.
Charlie Barnet first band in 1933. He comes''here from the State and Lake theatre in Chicago. New addition to his band IS Ford Leary, formerly with Larry Clinton. Barnet as recogniz^ qs one of the nation’s leading Aaxophone players and features a stiong sax section in his orchestra. They have traveled all over Europe, South America and throughout the United
States.
Arnheim is well-known ^n the, west coast and in Hollywood but he has been on tour for the past few weeks. ^ ,, Decorations for the dance are practically completed, with a patriotic theme featured in the ballrooms and Petty drawings prepared for the cafeteria. Co-ed ^hours will
be extended affair, f.i.j.
to 2 o^clock for this
Omicron Nu
. . . home economics honoiary, anflounces the ^pledging of the following women: Isabelle Allen, Dorothy Backert, Thelma Bugher, Sally Tree, Martha Moon, Ruth Packer, Ruth Swickard and Margaret T^r-
stegge. j.d.s. f
Last Frosh Ticket Exchange Today Today is the last day for fieshmen to get tljeir tickets for the Pur-due-Indiana' game. Tickets may be secured at the Fieldhouse ticket office from 8 to 12 and from 1 to 5 o’clock. Passports are,.needed. Any student wishing to obtain a seat outside the regular student section may do so by paying the fedr eral tax. p.g.h. Exponieni' Freshmen Study Makeup Tonight At 9 _ All freshmen who attended the Exponent ~ training school last Thursday afternoon meet in the Exponent ofiSces in the Union tonight at 9 o’clock. There will be a trip across town to the press room. Cars will be provided. o.l.a. Prof. R. P. Siskind . . . head of the communication department of the electrical engineering school, was the principal speaker at a joint meeting of the Madison and Milwaukee sections of AIEE in Milwaukee last^Friday.
Berni^ Cummins Booked For Pre-Game Mixer November 22
Bernie Cummins, his “sweet swing” orchestra and his girl vocalist, Larraine Parker, will play fron\ both ballrboms for the pre,-Dad.’s Day Union mixer on Friday, November 22. Cummibs, who sets sports predictions to music, has recently completed engagements at the Biltmore hotel and Hotel New Yorker in New York City, the Edgewater Beach hotel in Chicago, where he holds the record for repeats, the William Penn hotel in Pittsburgh, the Netherland Plaza hotel and’^the? Gibson hotel in Cincinnati, the Baker hot^l in Dallas, the Beverly Hills County club in Hollywood, and the Meadow$rook Country club of St. Louis. Featured Vocalists Cummins, whqse^ featured vocal-
* ists are his brother Walter Cummins and his tiny songstress Larraine Parker, got his start back in
1924 when he organized h six piece ■' neering for Eli Lilly and Company
Bray Will Address Indiana Engineers At Annual Meeting Prof. John L. Brajr, head of the school of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering, will give an address on “Synthetic Materials and Their Relation to Industry and De=t fense” at tomorrow 'afternoon’s ses^ sion of the sixty-first annual meeting of “All Engineers of Indiana,” tomorrow and Saturday at the Anthony hotel in Port Wayne. This convention is held under the 'auspices of the Indiana Engineering Council and the Indiana Society of Professional Engineers, and will be participated in by the Indiana sections of ASCE, AIEE, ASME and by the Indiana Society of Professional Engineers and Port Wayne''
Engineers’ dub.
Progress In SyntheHe Maferiads. Prof. Bray'ls talk ynll cover recent progress in research and the manufacturing o/ ssmthetic materials to replace present usuage of rubber, metals, fuels, solvents and
other items. ^
Two other University graduatea will take part in the dinnmr program planned for tomorrow eveningThomas J. Kelly, of Port Wayne, general manager of the Northern, Indiana Public Service Company, will serve as toastmaster, and W^illiam A. Hanley, director of en^-
orchestra with himself on the drums. At this time he used to “sit in” with >' Bix Beiderbecke’s Wolverines. HiS first big break came when he played at the New York Biltmore for three years, and then was chosen/ to open the Hotel New Yorker. Bernie i^ noted for his ability at sports predictions. Last year he picked thirteen out of fifteen sectional football leaders, the 1-2-3-4 clubs of the American League an<r the pennant winner in both Iqagues, he named Lou Ambers to heat Henry Armstrong, and he said BiUy Conn would he light heavyweight champ Ihefore 1939 Vim up. Q.l,a.
of Indianapohs, will speak on “An. Engineer’s Reqent Exp^iences hi Europe.” Both men were members of the ^class of 1911. a Legislative Program Clyde A. Walb Of Fort Wayne, a Univer^y graduate, will lead a discussion of Legislative Program fw Engineers at the infoxmjial luncheon Saturday noon. He will outline the ^ steps now being taken to organize suppoxrt for the legi^tion desired by these grpups. J, l^mett HaD!,^. ’06, president of the In^ana section of ASCE and now. on the staff h«K% > wi^ preside at the eftemoon te^ nical session.1
y
r ( \
f >'>.'
a
t>
/ I
PURDtTE EXFONENt
THunsday* November 14, 1940 ' ^
tv ifl
#<u
"•® 5**' Coluiiiii
We see where the Italians aie still in the news. They’ve been busier than blazes. Getting shot at. And bombed.
But mainly running away from the Greeks.
We’re afraid the Italians don’t have the right temperament for good soldieis. They’re too quick on the trigger. We read where one of Benito’s bombers blew up over London somewhere. Somebody ought to tell those boys . .. To cut the bombs loose when they light the fuses.
Of couise, it might be that they were just in a hurry to get home Or away from the RAF. And after all the mam idea is to explode the bomb*.
So they skipped all that red tape about pushing the bomb releases. * * *
We see three factories in New Jersey and Pennsylvania had a busy time of it They had government contracts.
So they celebrated by impersonating firecrackers.
Prom what we’ve been reading, there’s been a lot of that soit of thing happening lately. The United States IS on friendly terms with all governments so nobody would have any leason to want to blow up our factories. Except maybe Hitler, Mussolini, or the Japanese.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered u second class matter at the post office in lAfayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1878, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 18.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief .... — » R. W. Donahue Business Manager JUerla Bagemeyer
Publication Staff News Editor ....„ .J. H. McKeS Managing Editor „ „ D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Pureefi, L. W. Buffner, B. M. Skallerup, J, L. Trhugott. V Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S Powers, G. 0. Landers, Promotion Manager, C E Danglemajer; A^vunts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M Reektenwald Co-ed Staff Editor „ Reth Simpson Associate Editors; Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna SiesB. Sports Staff Editor J. P Dolan Associate Editors; J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N Y Staff For This issue
Night Editor: Traugott Day Editor Bose Ass’t Night Editor; Allanjones Sports Editor* Swaim Staff D T Brophy, F I Jones, O L Allanson, P G Hoffman R S Kolb, J D Smith, ® Tewksbury V M Barson Peg Howard, Nan Zachary
Passing Dominates Absh'ief AnnOUnceS
'(Continued from page 1) *
/ the squad which is already suffering from the loss of “Rocky” Snyder and “Swede” Anderson. It is not definitely known whether Pete will be able to assume his starting post up at Minneapolis. j View Gopher Plays In addition to practicing on their own offense, the Riveters have been Studying Minnesota plays in an ef-^ fort to stop the Gopher Touchdown Twins, Bruce Smith and George Franck, Little- Mike Byelene, brilliant passing ^nd-running back, will be in shape for the approaching encounter, and will be remembered by Norse fandom for his 45 yard run in the 13 to 13 stalemate of 1939.
Ceres Essay Contest
The squad will depart for its third successive road trip tonight at 6:49 p, m,, and plans to arrive in Minneapolis at 9 a. m. tomorrow providing deep snows in that territory do not hamper tram schedules. o.t.c.
factory and it got a national defense order. We’d get the hell out.
But then the FBI has investigated the explosions. And has come to the conclusion that they are all just accidents. Well, we don’t know Maybe they are just accidents. All we know is that if we were working in a
Not that we’re unpatriotic or anything We’d gladly give our life if necessary. But we figure we’re more valuable alive than dead. Of course. Uncle Sam may not think so But we do. 0 1 a
JoJUl
Another Question
... on national defenses will be answered tonight when Dr. Charles H. Behre, of Northwestern University, discusses the strategic importance of mineral resources. This is the second in a series of timely convocations on subjects of national importance. Two weeks ago, Dr. Gustov Egloif surprised his audience with the statement that the petroleum industry could develop the synthetic rubber industry to such an extent within a year that this country would be virtually independent of other natural producers. A startling statement but one worth knowing. Dr. Behre will tell us just what minerals are lacking and which are likely to be vital to our national welfare. The picture he will paint with regard to our mineral deposits and our dependency upon foreign sources will not be as easy to look at as the one Dr. Egloff portrayed for us. He will tell just where the U. S. stands and how we will be affected if, for instance, our tin supply in the East Indies were cut off, or if our manganese or tungsten imports were stopped. We are fortunate to be able to hear these men who are experts in their fields and who can speak with authority on the subjects they have chosen. Being well informed, it seems to us, is one of the ways in which University students may do their part in restraining the forces which threaten to turn back the centuries of civilization. It is certain that only by being well informed can we intelligently discuss the problems which face our generation.
SATURDAY, NOV. 30
SAM H HARRIS Presents t^e MOSS umrrnd GEO S KAUFMAN SEblSATlOH
THE MAN WHO CAME TO OINNER oi^^CLIfTON W£BB
MAIL ORDERS NOW EVENING AT 8 00— 83c, $1.10, $1 65, $2 20, $2 75 MATINEE AT 2 30— 55c, 83e,$1 10, $1 65
TODAY THRU SATURDAY Gracklns down on counterfeiters!
; Jack Halt \ r aursuiithe
A eO;lili;MHA :Pi|:eT U:8E'
PLUS
Zone Grey’s , IHlUGinof \ynsaMisTMS A Paramount Pictur®
FIRST RUN NEWS^
Wesley Foundation
. . . has planned a roller skating party for tomorrow evening at 8 30 o’clock. There will be games and re-
freshments at the Foundation house before the departure to the rink. Tickets are 25 cents and include everything There will be free tickets for everyone driving a car j d.s.
NOW SHOWING ONLY 3 MORE DAYS
This Year's Big Laugh Hit! YOU’U BE IN HYSTERICS As Cary tries to Explain his BRIDE to his WIFEI
loiiW mkr, HYFATOBITB WIFB , RANDOLPH scon’
GAIL PATRICK RKO RADIO Picture
MIDNlTi SHOW SAT. A Happy Laail of Colleaiate-Hippla-Pippie Rhythm I ^TOO-MANY GIRLS"
Cassidy’s Best!
rararhount Presents
Clarence E.IVIulford's THREE MEN*"' FROM TEXAS
; fedtuf/ng WILLIAM BOYD
Plus-<-2nd
.Amde.
MARJORIE RAMBEAl ALAN HALE JANE WYMAN RONALD REAGAN
Starts TODAY umHau
1940’S BIGGEST LAUGH BROADCAST 1
TODAY - FRIDAY
MARS
Rules for the Ceres essay contek, sponsored by that agricultural honorary fraternity, were announced yesterday by George S. Abshier, student in charge of the affair. Any student interested in agronomy is eligible tO try to win one of the medals which are to be given.
This yfear the essays will be classified in two divisions, one for thefreshmen and another for upperclassmen* Freshmen themes may first be corrected as English papers and then entered in the contest.
>5
Subject Must Be Agronomy The subject matter must pertain
ffo some phase of agronomy. Cover crops for the orchard, soybeans on Indiana farms, strip farming and development of soil drainage are a few of the topics suggested in the
contest rules*
CORSAGES... To fit the particular beauty of your girl Our corsages are designed for your satisfaction We have for your choice roses, carnations, orchids, gardenias and combinations
Watson's Flowei* Shop and Greon Houses 21 St and Indiana Sts. Phone 5243
Choose from Our Large Selection of
tUUqjcihfi. QocdA.
Priced $5.75 to $25.00
CIjOTHES SHOP INC.
^ •aiDflir
^ co^c\\B
The one and only genuine waterproof lamcoat that’strulyhighlystyled' And because it’s an AUigatoi, it won’t Clack or stick—and it’ll give years and years of faithful service See this handsome beauty today—get yours and be prepared for even the severest rams. ^
/ f
$750
r/ie "Coocher" by Alligator also available in
SamthurSpecialFinish$l4 75 Galecloth $18 50
Other Alligator Raincoats $S,7S lo $26.50
AT Better dealers everywhere THE ALLIGATOR CO, St Louis, Los Angeles, New York
ALLICATOn
: ana ^acecoum ’ be CO use ... IT’S SURE TO RAIN!
I U
k't.
A’ % LfA W •
< I ! ' «• * r
" V
v*-
f* V,
. y
/‘ * ^ <■' / ' .' K t ^ ^ V
‘ 4'•’ '-^'
' .H'‘ . , ',
*1
'//
> <ss
^ I /- yf' ^ ^ %,^'^'^fTr /n , J / s S' I* ^4. . , ^ ^ I » " ■» r “ /, !’ fl #
^cfbttmi SfbOJdA jpOEfn
4.
tliili8<|ci3f^ 14» 1940
and get your DeJjris before the price rise. i On November 20 the price of Debris will advance from H.00 to $4,50
/94/ CDeJbhiA,
the Modern Manner
99
CONVENIENT For Your Guests on the S Corner of the Campus and in The Center of ACTIVITY i S Yet.Pleasant, Quiet and COMFORTABLE Make Reservations , .Now THE UNION CLUB N J/uL fiwtdusL TyimufucdL lAhiML ' i The Comer of the Campm— Yet th& Center of Activities f PATRONIZE EOTONENT ADTERTISERS,
YWCi^ Sponsors Student, Faculty Reception Today
luck the Northmen have mustered to their aid during their "marvelous” campaign. Do you realize that the Gophers defeated Ohio State,
, Northwestern and Michigan by a
Prom 4:30 until 6:30 O'clock this TOE? Yep, just a point after touch-
afternoon YWCA will sponsor a stu- down.
dent-faculty tea in the recejition iJi
rooms ctf the Union. This tea will be given for the improvement of relationships'^etween faculty mem-
ber^ and students.
Irishman's
And over at Columbus the Min- " desota football squad had lady luck with them to the final second.^ In the last minute of play, the Minnesota club was leadmg by a score of 13-12, but Ohio State had the ' ball on the one yard line. A bad pass from center ended the Ohio State chance and the gun fired. Minnesota was still lucky. Look at that game and you’ll see a silver lining for the Purdue team—^if Purdue’s Eleven could play more than ohe quarter of football a game. Purdue and
(Continued from page 1) ctf a trip. Anyway, all won’t be
wasted. —I-I—
When one looks at ^e past schedule results of the"rriighty” Gophers,
one dam near swoons to see the Ohio State played on par, BUT
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic - DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK 4th & Hain St Phone 5701
DEAC'S f Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION * DENTIST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. \ Phone 4965
• Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse —Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It^ Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Bus Information
CHICAGO $2 95 RT. GARY 2 95 R T MICHIGAN CITY 3 70 R T INDIANAPOLIS 2 10 R T YANKEE TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th " Phone 4475
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
< ..s ...
7
z I
1, WheredoBtn»lepE.««,<»>-“*’'”'" ‘ 1 o tlip thousands ot o Wha. ^ 3. phon-? ' almostwiywhere . 9 4. whotoa«lUtelepE«-eee»». hS Vest*™ , ““’’tSeT^Sby fire, flood, .tona-b*" ■ ;Zr lost its “ fXte. i« IrS-g yo“ telephone serviee the :XUe:t.»aLos.eeonon«cal.
Minnesota didn’t even play up^ to Ohio State’s best efforts. Then the Iowa game. . . . The showing made against the Iowa club by the Boilermakers was far superior than the Gophers ntade against the same outfit. Iowa ran throU^ the Gophers for two touchdowns and against Purdue~ finished "in the red” from the scrimmage line. Wake up, you men who call yourselves “Boilermakers.” ' -I-I-When 1 was a kid (a few years ago) I used to see guys like Dutch Pehring, Sam Voinoff, Howard Letsinger, Paul Moss and other Purdue MEN make Minnesota and Northwestern reputations look like -tissue paper. Purdue’s squad possesses men of the same physical characteristics today, BUT they aren’t used for four (4) quarters. —I-I— Figures don’t he, whether they represent females-or gridiron statistics, and I’ve proved to you that
7 Pmidiie phiy on par and « V^n^e better at Minnesota this week-end. Come, eome, fellows, rise to the oe^ casion;; Minnesota isn’t ioug^, and reps don’t mean a damn to a Pttrdne man. Don’t try to tell this Irishman that guys like Dave Rankin, Tom Melton, Jim Miller, Bill Neff and Pete Timperman can’t play football against the bestest in the country and what Gopher back is going to match John Petty’s power, Galvin’s punting or Red Carter’s speed ? The little red head should awake by now; he’s scared every end in the Purdue schedule to convulsions, but Carter lacks confidence, . _I.I_ Li-sten to this: Purdue is second in the'conference in yards gained from scrimmage — Minnesota is sixth. In defense, Purdue is second and Minnesota seventh. But can Purdue’s backs break up enough enemy passes to equal the forward wall’s efforts? For hell’s sake, PURDUE MEN, get mad.
Other WlDthrop Styles $6.85toS8.85 Colofliii6rades$5to$6
STYLE AND QUALITY THAT IS MEASURED IN YEARS OF WEA^
Doctor, lawyer, merchant, banker—whatever your occupation—this ever-popular Winthrop Shoe is made for the man who values appearance. Designed and styled with traditional Winthrop attention to detail. In brown and black calf with half-rubber bed. Let us show you a pair today. KINNEY'S West Side of Sq[uare
YOU WONT MIND the winter winds when you are outfitted with qn OVERCOAT CAMPUS COAT SWEATERS and JACKETS ' chosen from our complete line. Come in and look them over today. \ V “JUST A PLOCK FROM THE UNION*
PHONE 2237
3ie STATEM‘*'^ ^ ^ '■//.f
(• , ^ 1 >
f . H "* / " <^ / f
"!
/
Mr'‘ Wt f rtv> f
1 ,
!
.yfK
pgRDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, November 14, 1041 /
V
<'3i*
}!./ /
i£'
<*
% If’ wUi
Frodi Military Ringmen Stage Semi-Finals Today
aaXMYM. Passengrer Wanted: Round trip to Cleveland, Ohio, for Thanksgiving 1940 Ply* mouth sedan. Phone 8430.
Christian Science Organization: Weekly meeting will be held Thursday, November 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 302 —BURROUGHS'
Semi-finals of the freshmaA military boxing tournament will get under way today at 4 p. m. in the Armory. Six entries in each of the seven classes will be fighting for a place in the finals. Staged simultaneously in seven different rings, the fights present an interesting athletic picture to spectators. More than 150 military students entered the contest and of this number 49 remain in the running. Gold medals are awarded to the winners, while the runners-up receive silver medals. The finals are scheduled for November 19 in the Fieldhouse.
Passenger Wanted: Round trip to New York, 1940 Plymouth Sedan. Leave Wednesday night. Phone 8430. LOST Lost: Gold Chain bracelet with four medals attached Reward. Call 65614.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting on Thursday, November 14 at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 of Union. Visitors welcome. —LONG.
Lost: Will person that mistook rustcolored i^eversible in Home Ec. Looker Room. Call Marge Williamson, 66163.
Alpha Phi Omega: Pledge meeting at 8 p ra Thursday, November 14, room 361 of Union $2 00 registration fee due —SCHNBLL.
Lost: Kappa Alpha Theta pin If found, call Martha Raub, 8231 Reward
Thomas Say Entomology Society: Meeting Thursday, November 14, in room 108, Ag Hall at 7 30 p. m Prof. Cable will speak. —RICHMAN.
Notices
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting Thursday, November 14 in room 806 of Unioti at 7:30. Dr Monroe will speak on problems of pronunciation. Bring dues. —PITTENGBR
All fighters should be at the Arm
No notices received after 8 p. in* All Senior Men: November 14 is the last day for senior health examinations. Make appointments immediately if you expect full recommendation to employers visiting the campus —ARM.
Scnbbard and Blade Pledges and Actives: Formal pledging has been postponed until Thursday evening, November 14‘ in room 212 of Union. Wear formal uniform. Actives meet at 7 p m. for a short business meeting Pledges meet outside room 212 at 7 26. All pledges bring pencil and paper as all instructions will be given at this time. —BLACKWELL
ory promptly at 4 p. m. with medical certificates, b.s.
Reamer Club: Meet outside Union with mascot at 4:46 p. m., Thursday, November 14, for sh^rt but very important meeting before pep session Complete attendance of
Newman Club: Executive council meeting will be held Thursday evening at 4:16 in room 304 of Union and discussion group will meet in room 803 at 7 :30. —LUERS.
Classified
Ads
actives compulsory. Pledges appear at 6 00
-ARCHIBALD
Modern Dance Group: Final try-outs at rehearsal Thursday, November 14, at 7 '00 p. m in Women’s gym There will be no be takeii Wednesday, November 13, at 10:30 —SWOPE.
Exponent Sophomore Co-eds: Meeting on Thursday, November 14 at 6 in office —SIMPSON
FOR RENT
Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2 60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Independent Co-ed House Presidents’ Council: Meeting Thursday, November 14, at 7 p m in WSGA office —DOHERTY.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, ’for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies Mimeograph and
F. Ebersboff, 606
ttmultigraph work C. “Main St. Phone 2779
Catalyst Club: Actives and pledges, formal initiation Thursday, November 14, at 7 30 in room 110 of the Chemical and Metallurgical building Party afterwards All fellows with cars please be present —GLEASON
For Rent: Furnished rooms Shower bath One and one-half blocks from campus Special rates 122 Pierce St 7764
Thomas Say Entomology Society: Meeting , Thursday, November 14, at 7 30 in room 103 of Ag Hall Prof Cable will speak —RICHMAN
FOR SALE 300 tickets $1; 1000 for $2 ; other printing at painless prices Kan^s Print Shop, 401 S 29th. Phone 6205.
Agricultural Education Society: Open meeting Monday, November 18, at 7 30 in west faculty lounge Harry Davis, director of search of the Farm Equipment Institute, will speak —CROOKS
GRAVES BAKERY
FIKE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
ALAn Dancing Shoes
Just in time for the gay round of formal dances, comes this showing of gorgeous, smart evening slippers in the newest styles. In Silver, Gold and All Colors ' Sizes 3-9, Width AAAA-C
Priced $2.95 to $4.95
ALAN'S
The Style Corner . . . Main at Fourth
'‘V\
A
CORSAGE
Will Increase HER LOVELINESS
The constant changing of styles of evening gowns, requires new styles of corsage and flower arrangements.
In ordering Her flowers for the Military Ball,
let one of our qualified designers help you sel-
ect the correct color and arrangement of flowers for hqr evening gown.
Avoid disappointment by ordering from
Qlahlidu JhiaL ShpjfL
Phone 8451
527 Main Street
Freshman Exponent Co-eds: Work schedule is posted in office. Check Schedule and report on night assigned. --SIMPSON.
Catalyst Pledges: Bring bottles to Dr. Hunt’s laboratory not later than 4 p. m. Thursday, November 14, to have normhlity checked. < —PHILLIPS.
POMM: Formal initiation will be held in Christian Science Organization: Regular Armory Thursday, November 14 at 6 p. m. 'Weekly meeting at 7 *80 p. m. Thursday, Pledges must be there. Novembw 14 in room 302 of Union. —GIBSON. ' .. —BURROUGHS.
Kappa Psi: Lecture announced to he srivel\„ ladt night W Prof. George Schick on “Dental Pharmacy and Dental Preparations” will be given today at 4 p. m. in room 801 of Pharmacy building. All students and fac- ' ulty members are urged to attend. ., ^ , —HASS,
Sophomores: Debris wants sophomores for editorial staff Report at 4 p m. any afternoon within the neSbt week at work shop. —OGDBN.
Holders of Military Bali Tickets: Ticket stubs must be redeemed for programs before Friday, November 16, before 4 p. m —AULL
Seniors: Dexheimer-Carlon will show senior picture proofs Thursday, Friday and Saturday, November 14, 16 and 16 from 8 a. m. to 9 p. m. in room 60, Union basement Last opportunity to see proofs. ^ —BREEDEN.
THE PERFECT EVENING ^ MILITARY BALL WONDERFUL DATE BEAUTIFUL FLOWERS Styled by Artists ORCHIDS — GARDENUS ROSES — VIOLETS
LUNA THEATRE^ BUILDING Dial 7955-8050 ^ 635 Mam St. Serving Purdue University for 40 Years
SMART RIGHT LIFE IN ....
FORMAL WEAR ^ -Tozim
How we love to see a well-dressed man in Formal Wear. That’s when you Should he at your very smartest . . . comfortable . . . casuR^ . . . smooth looking! So, select your Formal Wear from a manufacturer who knows style, who talks style, who manufacturers nothing but style. Varsity-Town’s Formal Wear has the same soft, casual tailoring . . . the same lapel details . . . the same deep-fold, pleated trousers with wide knees and narrow bottoms . . . the same fashion points that has made thepa the Pacemakers for Smart America.
Tail Suit — $35.00 Casino Club Tuxedo Others $33.50 up We also carry a complete line ojE accessories.
$33.50
500MAIKST
CLOTHES SHOP INC:
71
id
r