'■’ ’‘i '-S^ 's,
\
MERRY-GO-ROUND Says Sea Bees Play Heroic Role
EDIT SAYS Slacks Forbidden At Union Dances
Established 1889
9 More Shopping Days!
Volume 56, No. 90
Purdue Uniyersity, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, December 16, 19^4i
Basketball Team Trounces DePauw Five, 49-32 ^ t
First Formal to Start At 8 I, I Tomorrow First formal of the semester will be held tomorrow night ffom 8 to 11:30 in both ballrooms of the Union with Reggie Childs and his “Rolling Styles” orchestra furnishing the music. Tickets are on advance sale for $1.65 in front of the Sweet Shop from 4 to 5:30 p. m. and at the west desk of the Union today and tomorrow. WBAA will broadcast the dance directly from the ballrooms from 9 to 9:30, and the Sweet Shop will remain open late to accommodate
Lodge, Haag Lead Boilermaker Scoring By Ray Smith, Exponent Sports Editor Displaying a vastly improved brand of basketball, the Boilermaker net team took the lead in the game last night with three minutes of play remaining in the first half, and retained the lead to defeat the DePauw V-12-civilian team, 49-32. In winning their second consecutive contest of the season the Riveters displayed a smooth passing attack, and consequently " ' — the scoring was evenly distrib-
UNIVERSITY ORCHESTRA
USIC
Senate To Hold Callout
Tomorrow evening the annual Christmas program staged by musical organizations will be held in the Hall of Music. An organ prelude of Christmas musii, not carols, will be played by Albert Meyer, Navy V-12, starting at 7:30 p. m. Doors of the Music Hall will open at 7 p. m. The Glee Club, composed of 100 voices, will open the program at 8 p. m. by singingi a choral prelude, “White Christmas”. To add a touch of Christmas shopping spirit, couples will be on stage carrying gaily wrapped packages. Following this the University Orchestra will be lifted to play three numbers, “Waltz of the Flowers” and “Russian Trepak” from Tschaikowsky’s “Nutcracker Suite” and “Christmas
Fantasia”.
For the next portion of the convocation the stage will be darkened except for a single
candle in the center. From the
/
front of the Music Hall one of the six candlelit choirs will begin singing carols. It will be followed from other parts of the Music Hall by the other five
Elect Easley
Lt. R. K. Hine Receives Coveted Navy Cross
Sixty students attended the Activities Forum yesterday afternoon at which Judy Jones, Activities executive, presided. Activity heads
Coveted navy cross has been made short speeches explaining
REGGIE CHILDS
those attending the dance. Although the dance is formal for both men and women, corsages will not be in order, according to Bob Holmes, copublicity chairman for Student Union, which is' sponsoring the dance. Loretta Vale, Vocalist Childs’ orchestra, which features Loretta Vale and Dick Williams as vocalists, has made coast-to-coast broadcasts over all the major networks and has recorded for Victor and Decca. Childs was born in London, England, and received his musical education in Paris, where he studied the violin for seven years. When his family moved to Canada, Childs accompanied them and organized his own oi'chestra after having been featured violinist with Paul Whiteman, Vincent Lopez and Wayne King. Attendance at the dance is expected to consist largely of civilians since service men on campus have not been granted special hours in order to attend.
stage for carol singing. The audience, led by Albert P. SteWart, director of musical organizations, will join the choir in a final singing
of carols.
Christmas Cantata
Closing the program a “Christ-
By Pvt. Dave Kessler, USMCR Collegetown, Anystate, December 16, 1943. The President, United Mice of America, Cheesington, D. C. Dear Mr. President: I’m a fraternity mouse. For 10 years Minnie—that’s my wife—and I have been living in the Alpha Beta Gamma house. Until last July 1 we enjoyed as pleasant an existence as any two respectable mice could want. The fellows who used to live in the house were wonderfully considerate. They used to leave bits of food for us to nibble on; they provided us with dozens of dirty corners to scamper around in, and they oven passed up spiing cleaning for years at a -time, undoubtedly just to please us. Is it any wbn'der, sir, that Minnie and I grew sleek and f£^t and managed to raise our fine family of 49 kids? But now, sir, things have changed. Last July 1 our fraternity pals had to move out and 60 men in khaki
choirs, who will converge on the K. their functions, and a short movie
Hine, Indianapolis, who was a stu- taken on campus two years ago was
dent in the civil engineering school shown.
during 1938-41, and who has been aWS Judicial Board and Execumissipg in action since April 18, tive Board are vital parts of v?omwhen he participated in a fighter gn’s activity on the campus. Marflight that destroyed six Japanese tha McCulloch discussed the duties Zeros. , of the boards and the committees ^ citation received by his par- on which coeds may work,
n,? “ f , »■“> The activity which catrics on ^ tennntnded him for “extraor- most campus elections is Student 4. • 1 di^ary heroism as pilot of a fighter Senate. Jack Heinze said that the t.- . f ^ serving with a fighter purpose of the organization is to ting or the narration of the Christ- squadron attached' to the fighter representthestudentbodyanddismas stoiy. Foi t is a fantasound command in action against enemy cusstheirproblemswiththeexecuwill be created by placing SIX speak- Japanese forces in the Solomon tive board. At present a survey m-s in various pi^rts of fte Music ^pril 18, 1943. committee is to be organized to
Hall so that the music will seem to
‘ , tacking fighteis on an interception lecting student opinions on various ! mission. First Lt. Hine skillfully campus affahs. Their callout is towith Chiistmas tiees foi the pio- maintained his position throughout jav. gram. Twenty of them, ten on each dangerously long and circuit- CJW, Exponent managing editor, s^e, will^ be in the Music HaU on 3^5 flight made at extremely low explained the duties of different dethe pillais aiound the side. They altitude and during the surpme partments of the papei. These inwill be ligWed with gieen lights. approach and the precisely timed elude editorial, sports, advertising, Hadley, btewalt m Lhaige attack on two Japanese bombers business and ciidilation. Workers Prof. L. Hadley is the chairman and their escorting fighters. may choose the staff they wish to of the religious convocations com- “fie provided brilliant coverage work on. mittee which planned for the pro- and by his faultless air discipline (jj-ip Jances, decorations, book gram, while Stewait is the general contributed vitally to the success exchange, backdrops, war ’stamp chairman of the program. The con- of the mission.” He scoied a direct ji.jve and camera club are all activvocation is open to the public. hit on the bomber. itjeg which Student Union carries
on, according to Dick Haase, who represented that activity. They want workers who like to draw and
who have had some stenography. PIA’s Activities Explained YWCA lepresentative Doris
Hahnenstein told of the social service, such as helping the poor and rolling bandages, of girls in YW. Betty Jane Ribordy spoke for PIA, and asked for WBAA and Exponent writers. She also explained PIA's activities in sponsoring dance club,
bowling, bridge and nurses’ aide. WAA representative Pat Hennis
explained the intramural sports program and the WAA point system. WBAA needs script .writers, announcers and sound effect men, according to Nelda Reed. There are no junior or senior jobs, so pro-
gram planning is the goal. Mary Lou Sternberg explained
Playshop activities, which include acting, carpenter work, painting, finding costumes and properties and putting on makeup. Playshop working hours are from 7 p. m. until 10. The University year book, the Debris, was represented by Ruth Rentsch. Debris is interested in camera fiends, for they have three dark rooms in the sub-basement of the Union for photographic work.
Concluding, Judy Jones explained
the duties of the Activities Bureau, which is a coordinating group for checking the activity of all other
groups.
lasley was elected president of Green Potters, freshman class organization for eds, as a result of an election held Tuesday, according to Jack Hines, president of Student Senate, which sponsored the election. Paige Bowles, Collis Chandler, Charles Davis, Art Fairman, Owen Pollai'd and Paul Wadleigh are the Green Potter Board members who were selected at the same
time.
According to Easley, new board members will hold a meeting at the Delta Tau Delta house Tuesday night at 8 p. m. to discuss plans for the organization. Future activities will include a freshman dance, freshman beauty queen elections and an organized freshman pot burning.
uted among all the players, with Bill Lodge, a clever sophomore ball-handler, garnering 11 markers. Charley Haag, the star of the last game, was second in the scoring with eight points, while Friend, Horn, Hoffman and Frazier each accounted
for seven points.
The Radeliffe brothers, Paul and
j . c. • 1. ij- j-r. • Charley, accounted for 15 of the 32
Student Senate is holding their ....
11 4, 4. .. 4!4 • points made by the DePauw outfit, callout at 4 this afternoon in room „ „ o/.., xi. 41,- j 41 4! XU TT • However, it was Van Hoorweghe, a 363 on the third floor of the Union, , „ „ ’ , Ai T- j 1 • stellar floorman, that kept the Boil-
according to Al Lindskoog, vice- ,
.. , 4, • X- Tx • ermaker guards on the alert. He president of the organization. It is , ,, x . ....... , X j X 41 11 1 ^ilso collected eight tallies for the
open to students from all classes and all branches of the armed serv- ®
ices on the campus. Hoorweghe,opened the scor- „ . . n, u D-ui with a lay-up shot which he fol-
Revising Freshman Bible 1 . x. ^ .
lowed with a foul to give the visit-
Student Senate, as the voice of j^g DePauw five a 3-0 lead. After the student body, has varied activ- Rallied for the Riveters, Charity that should interest prospective j^y Rajcliffe and Bob Johnson gave workers. To keep in step with the theu-Tigers a lead of 7-2. The visimajor changes on the campus re- t^^s ran the count to 16-10 before cently, it is now working on a com- ^he Boilermakers’ shots started to
plete revision of the traditional count
freshman “Bible”, which will also include information for service men as well as the usual review of campus traditions and activities.
Lost And Found
A traditional service under Sen-
Friend started the spurt with a set-shot from the edge of the foul circle, and Frazier kept things rolling with a left-handed hook shot. Paul Hoffman put the Riveters in the lead by tossing three free
ate s supervision is its Lost and throws through the hoop. Frazier Found department. At present, it is ^nd Lodge ran the total to 20 on also making a survey of transports- tosses. Ingram completed the tion facilities which will be avail- Tigers' first half scoring with a
able for students leaving for vaca tions. They have been unable to charter special trains or buses because of government restrictions.
Senate is also in charge of stu- x. j .-4.. . .. ■ . . . dent elections such as the Green R^dcliffe brothers in a scoring bat-
push shot. Horn’s shot made the score 22-17 as the gun sounded. Haag and Lodge, with the help of a bucket by Horn, bested the
Fraternity
... President’s Council announces the election of the following officers: President, E. Neese, Beta Theta Pi; vice president, J. Jennings7 Delta Tau Delta; treasurer, A. Craven, Pi Kappa Alpha, and secretary, R. Vickers, Triangle. Chemistry Dept. . . . held its annual Christmas party last night in the faculty lounge of the Union. Dancing and stunts compiised the entertainment.
Potters’ election Tuesday; and this year it has sponsored the Coed Canteen project, which will be resumed soon after vacation. Asks For Suggestions
tie in the early part of the second half to run the count to 31 to 24. After the score reached 32-27, Duffy Friend added four markers on set shots, and Hoffman followed with a lay-up. Hoffman sandwiched
As the voice of the student body, ^ field goal between Marston’s and
Senate asks that students submit their suggestions for the improvements or changes on the campus.
Penalty Days
Thursday, December 23, and Monday, December 27, are penalty days.
P. Radcliffe’s two pointers to move the count to 41-31. Haag, Frazier, Lodge and Charcholla completed the Riveter scoring by sinking field
goals in that order.
Ingram cashed in on a foul by Elliott to make the score 49-32. A A student who is absent from any minute attempt by the Boilerclass on either of these two days '^^k^rs to^ reach the 50 point mark will be assessed a fee of $5 for each vain, as the Tigers continuday or fraction thereof missed. tied-up their opponents. —DEAN OF MEN. summary: PURDUE (49) FG FT PPTP
Alpha Beta Gamma Mouse Pleads For Extinction Of The Inspector^
Dr. Gilhreth Speaks To Curtiss Cadettes
uniforms moved in. These new guys don’t treat us so well; they never leave us any bits of food or dirty
dark corneis.
We don’t hold this against them; at heart they’re actually good boys. I’ve learned from their bull sessions that most of them are fraternity men from other universities, so naturally they wpuld like to have the place dirty. But they live in constant fear of a big bully called “the Inspector,” who goes around with white gloves and a flashlight
looking for dirt.
■For nearly six months we’ve endured these hardships, but now, sir, we’re facing starvation. ThirtyfiVe of our 49 kids have had to leave home. And—it pains me just to write about it—my once-beautiful sleek Minnie has wasted away to a
gaunt bony hag.
Something must be done, sir—■ that’s why I’m writing to you. As president of the United Mice of America, perhaps you can use your influence to get rid of this “Inspector.” Maybe you could scnfi a big
delegation to Washington to do some lobbying in Congress. If something isn’t done soon, sir, we’re liable to get desperate. So fai we haven’t sneaked, because \we were too busy hoping and praying that the war would end and all these disgustingly clean guys would go back where they came from. But now it looks like a long war, sir, and, as I said before, something must be dope. I hear that fraternity mice all over the nation are faced with the same situation, so I’m not pleading just for Minnie and me and our family, but for a higher cause—for the rights of America’s mice to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness in college fraternity houses. Plca.se do your best, sir, for the Mice of America. Respectfully yours,
Oscar Mouse.
P. S.—If you can’t get rid of this militairy inspection by pulling legal strings we might decide to gang up on the inspector and chew his ears
off.
By Anne Rippetoe Taking time off from her war job in a New Jersey industrial plant, Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, noted woman engineer, arrived on the campus Tuesday afternoon in the nick of time for her scheduled speech at the graduation exercises for 83 CurtissWright cadettes. Di. Gilbreth addressed the cadettes on the subject, “Work and Leisure” at the program held in Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 p. m. Tuesday. Dr. Gilbreth will remain on the campus until Friday morning when she must return to her home in Montclair, N. J., and her war-time position with the Arma Company, manufacturers of naval equipment. She acts as a consultant on company problems of method and organization. She considers her job, which she has had for nearly six months, “interesting and lots of fun.” Prominent Engineer One of the foremost women engineers of the country. Dr. Gilbreth lived in Oakland, Calif., as a child. She was the oldest of nine children, and much of the household responsibility rested on her shoulders. Although most young ladies of
that time went to finishing schools to study art or music, Lillian Moller Gilbreth chose the University and an engineering course. After graduation she continued her studies and leceived a master’s degree in English and comparative literature. In 1904 she married Frank B. Gilbreth, the originator of the theory of saving wasted motions in hand labor. They combined their ideas, and for many years they cooperated in their experiments to improve the quality and quantity of work put out by hand laborers. Mrs. Gilbreth is the one person most responsible for the personnel departmepts which most modern industries have established in recent
years.
Training Scout Leaders In 1929, at the request of Mrs. Herbert Hoover, Dr. Gilbreth began work in Girl Scohts. She has done much toward training efficient leaders, and she has served three times as representative to international Girl Scout conventions—^in Poland, Sweden and Switzerland. Dr. Gilbreth is the mother of 11 children, all of whom have attended college. The youngest, Janey, will graduate in 1944.
Lodge, f Gustafson, f ... McPherson, f .
Horn, f
P. Hoffman, f Charcholla, f Frazier, c Kennedy, c Haag, g Elliott, g Friend, g Walley, g
Totals
3
1 11
18 13 14 49
DEPAUW (32) FG FT PFTP Ingram, f 1113 P. Radeliffe, f.... 3 1 4 7 Johnson, f . .. 1 0 2 2 Guthier, f . ..0010 C. Radeliffe, c 2 4 2 8 Elford, c .. .0 0 0 0 VanHoorweghe, g 3 2 3 8 Roberts, g . .0 2 0 2 Montgomery, g . 0 0 0 Totals 11 10 16 32 Score at half: Purdue, 22; DePauw, 17. Free throws missed: Johnson^ C. Radeliffe (2), VanHoorweghe (3), Montgomery, P. Hoffman. (2), Haag (2), Walley (2), Friend. Referee, T. R. Smith, W» Lafayette; umpire. Dr. G. P.-Silvera, Indianapolis. Christmas Party ... at the University Church PWday night, after the convo, lasthig indefinitely with dancing, gamed and refreshments.r f
r f
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Thursdayf Deceimher 16, 1943
Purdue Exponent combined with Purdue Independent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fioldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
Editor Busincs«< Manager News Editor Managing Editor Sports Editors
Ellis Murphj Mary Dilts W illiam H Tysoi Carolyn Wilbui Ra>mond J Smith Russell M Lipes
Publicat on Staff Editon^l Staff Associate Editors Tack Abbctt Ruth M Ford Madelyn A Grotnc'? lames 1 RJchald'^on Muigaict \ blcfCts Jame Achtimai 1 rnnl Ihvlli^ 'Vlani Martha Ice Rigt> KiU Ho\ As<?oci*ilc Spor «5 Editors Intn i> 1 Acl^ ma Paul Garber 1 lam Carbci "Warrci C Wnt,ht SerMce Staff Aim ns Better Gabriel Ehas Leo Friedman Jack M irtir H\ IStwman Tciiv Ki citing Bob Baker
Business Staff Advertising Manager C L Gaunt Assistant Advertising Manager Betts Mancy Circulation Manager R G Sauerman
Staff for This Issue \jght Editor Mann Day Editor Riggs t tt> Editor Grotnes Issue Editor Rippetoc ‘sports Editor 4ckerman Reporters R Ih Gc igcscn A perger Kuit Gr tchen Wit, gam Lvi ch Finnan P Richaid'son Lindsay Lee Steinberg Ko'^cnbt.rg Bro\^n Grnt7a Le\Ms Heiman Bi i le Staff Photographer W C Tolber Entered as second class matter at the post office m liSfay ette Indiana under the act oC Congress of March 3 1879 and at the spec al rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act f Oc ober 1 IJl author zed January 20 1922 Published on Tucsda\ Thiirsdav and Saturday mornings dur irg the seal e\c ]t certain vacaton periods Delivered dailj by carrier for M f r i semestoi b> mail for $1 CO for a seme ter ‘^ibsc i lions may be obtained at the Exponent office Or at the W ID k of tl e Ui loi Represented for i ational advertis ng by National Advertis ing Ser\ ce Inc t o lege Publishers Representatives 42U AladibOn Ave New Yoik N Y
« 0 •
Heels And Hose
Last Saluida-y night a gieat many students weie disappointed \\hen they tiled to gam entiance to the South Balhoom of the Union They piesmited their Union caids and passpoits expecting to walk on in only to heai a kindly but him voice at the dooi infoim them that hose and heels are as impoitant to the coeds as Union caids and passpoits to the fel-
lm\s
In pie-wai days Fiiday and Saturday night dances w ei e ah\ ay^ di essy affan s Those wei e the ti\o ei enings ot the week that coeds showed e\ idence to the eds that they possessed a ivaidiobe v iih black crepe^chesses and furti immed co dii ty saddle shoes and slopp\ loe s\ t The StuQ^iu Jnion vished to continue this pohc\ and felt tnat t as moi e important now wiF"' cut dances and stag lines than evei be1 e as a ■'esuk thej pa^-sed a lulmg toibiddmg ank’et« and slacks v Inch a few coeds have and a luhng against eds going tieless and coatle‘'S The Union dislikes \eiy much to turn any student aval because aftei all it is the student’s dance Foi this leason the Student Union 1 ould lik“ the coopeiation of the students in vcaiing the piopei attiie The Union is also veiy soii:y that there was this ipisunderstanding as to what can not be woin to a legulai Union dance
^ VASHIKGTON tm U S P.l OH. MERRY-aO-ROUND •y DREW PEARSON Sea Bees, Construction Battalion, Celebrate Second Anniversary; Crews Prepare Way For Troops WASHINGTON—When U S Maimes stoimed ashoie on the Gilbeit Islands, they found what the Japs did not find two years befoie when they i aided Wake and Guam lust aftei Peail Haiboir—namely, tiemendous concrete block houses, which not even big guns could knock out Today, honevei if the laps should counter attack some of the islands we have taken from them, they would find miracles of construction These miracles have been performed by a branch of the Navy which was thrown together only aftei Pearl Harbor and which this month celebiates its second anniversary— the branch known as the Sea Bees Oflicial name of the Sea Bees is “C B s” oi “Con btiuction Bittalions Two yeais ago, they did not exist And it was the killing and captuie of civilian construction woikeis on Wake Guam and at Cavite 'which emphasized the Navy’s need of enlisting con stiuction men and foimmg them into fighting engineei battalions Theie aie 59 consti iictioiiytiades eni oiled in the Sea Bees—so w ide a i ange that their men can operate bull dozeis install watei systems, telephones electiic light plants build cantonments oi even lepaii ships. In the Aleutians at Saleino, and especially in the Southwest Pacific thev have had to do all of these things, sometimes undei enemy attack In the Solomon Islands toi instance i battalion of negro Sea Bees landed on a jungle covered island and began construe lion ot a vitally needed an field A few days later, despite enemj tire thc\ had logged and milled their own lumbei from native tiees, supplied water tiom a moun tain stieani installed lights and telephones, and had the field in operation—all in addition to digging to\ holes foi themselves S@a Bees Build Roads Whei U S tioops landed on Rendova Island, a Navy communique cairied one teise sentence The coiiu .,atcd load made possible the passage ot all equip ment which to anj engineei meant anothei con stiuction miiacle What happened was that the oozy tiopic muck of the slioie made it impossible to land trucks tractois, utilleiy ammunition The Sea Bees fiist laid down a steel mesh net This meiely sank into the muck li licks began to disappear is if in quicksand So an entire toiest of palm trees w is tolled and then flunks liid across the loadw ly This was the coiiugated load described m the teise one line communique itt Salerno the Sea Bees togethei with the Ainjy’s Amphibious Engmeeis did some ol the most heroic ind impoitint woik ot that bloody landing laying out 1 network ot roads across the beach befoie heavy ai tiller j could come ashoie One impoitant lactoi behind the meteoiic develop ment of th'’ Sea Bees m two short years is the tough thoiough going tiaimng thoj got befoie being shipped oveiseis Phis tikes place at thiee U S camps—-one it Davisiillc R I under Capt Fred F Rogers one at Camp Peaiy Va under Capt J G Waie one at a location which must lemam secret (Copjiight 1913 by United Featuie Syndicate Inc) Now that the students know the facts, we lathei imagine that they agiee with the Student Union that diessy dances make for a bettei atmospheie, bettei appealance and just as good a time
Thur^tlay, Pipcamber 16 4 00 P M CommittWdn ^stte of Tfnivresity Room 263, Union 6 30 I* M Theta Alpha Phi Initiation Eliza Powlei Hall 7 30 P M Kappa Delta Pi Meeting Room 366, Union 7 30 P M AIEE Meeting Room 103, Physics Building Friday, December 17, 8 00 P M Religious Convo—Xmas Music Hall of Music Saturday, December 18 7 30 P M Countj Wide Chiistmas Party foi School Children
Hall of Music
7 30 P M Paity—Co C—Sec 9 and 10 and dates Memoi lal Gymnasium Ballet Presents Colorful, Varied Program At Thursday's Convo
By Nita Garrett
Once again instruments gleamed in the oichestia pit of the Music Hall as the Ballet Theatei present ed ‘ Swan Lake,” the puiely class real ballet of the convocation pio giam Thursday night In an eerie blue atmospheie ballerinas in tia ditional white tulle sknts gyiated and bent in the formalistic figures of this graceful but not spectacular
composition Comedj, Too
The pantomime and unconven tioiiality of Three Virgins and a Devil ’ the second offeimg of the tioupe lecalled to ballet enthusi asts the phrfoimance of “Rodeo” by the Ballet Russe at a convoca tion last wintei The similaiity is explained by the fact that the choiiogiaphy of both ballets was done by Agne de Mille In stiik mg contrast to the pathos and dig nity of ‘Swan Lake ’ Ihiee Vii gins and a Devil was downright
comic
rhiee mischievous maidens go mg thiough maneuvers lemmiscent of “trucking” and the “Susie Q,” almost tucked the devil out of his due But the capering, debonaii devil was a match foi all three, even thougn he had to stage a tern pel tantium to aiouse the lefoimei instinct in the piiggish virgin lui ing her into his cavern as she at tempted to drag him to chuich Nora Kaye Stars Noia Kaye danced a couquettish soubiette to Andie Eglevsky’s dashing young artist in ‘ Mademoi selle Angot ” Appealing a tiifle buxom m comparison to the petite aiistociate danced by Rosella High towel she and hei dappei little baibei fiance managed some effec five comic dancing m the melee of coloi and sound of this final pio duction ‘ Different but fun ” was the comment of a luimbei ot those who saw the ballet
Personnel Notes —I fftiii I Companies Scheduled to visit the camlJus: 'f- \ P'aiiltianks, Morse & Co, Beloit, Wis—Friday, Decembei 17 Intel ested in ME aVid EE
Placement' Notes
For Women
The Illinois Civil Seivice Com mission, 501 Aimoiy Building, Springfield, 111, announces openings in the following fields Bacteriol ogy stemgiaphy, foods seivice, housekeeping laboiatoiy assistants, libiaiy work, occupational therapy, physiotlieiapy psychology and lec leation Anyone intei ested should apply immediately, as the closing date foi the examinations is- Janu aiy 14, 1944 Women students in terested in further infoi matron may inquire at the Placement Service
foi Women 2955 CanceSSatBons
Studenfs who desiie to cancel courses without grade should do so before 12 d^lock noon December 18 Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of de partments These caids should be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is gnen The cards should then be filed in the Registrai’s Office
—DEAN or MEN
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they are interested m students foi employment University of Chicago Metalluigical Laboratory, Chicago, 111 —Intel ested in B S , M S , Ol Ph D in Ch E 01 Chemistry (particularly inorgan 1C Di physical chemistiy) Sign m Personnel Office by Friday, Decembei 17 The Pfaudler CoiApanj, Elyiia, Ohio—Intel ested in M E (For m foi matron about this company, see booklet in Personnel Office) Sign in Peisonnel Office by Piiday, De cembei 17 Baldwin Locomotive Woiks, Phil adelphia. Pa—Inteiesfed in M E
Sign m Personnel Office by Monday, Dec 20. Tork Corpoi atioti, York, Pa —Interested in M E Sign m Peisonnel Office by Monday, Sbt -20 IJiuveisity of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis --Interested in men and Women Engineering and Scieiiie students as candidates foi Wisconsin Aliimm Rqpeai ch Foundation assistantships Sign m I^rsonnel Office by Monday, Dec 20 Notice Sei vice men, have you a Christmas package to Send home? The Activities Bureau will help you with shopping, wrapping or mailing your presents home. Drop in at loom 356 of the Union or call Activities Buieau office between 4 and 5 p. m.
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
HAl ROACH prisiati
mCY«SilllYER
WIUUH i 1
fALLtN
3nd —
Buy War Bonds
JOHNNY MAC BROWN TEX RITTER
— in —
"CHEYENNE ROUNDUP"
ALSO
MARS TODAY and TOMORROW ’S0
LYDO N as Henry Aldrich
MAKE MILLER’S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
LUMA TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
S. Xxf' ^
CHAKLES
STARRiTT ^ Art fArkansas) HUNNlCUn
KAY HARRIS and Jimmy Wakely Trio
PLUS •
OBOiS ©F FU RHANCHU ADAPTED FROM SERIAL BEARING SAME TITIE BASED ON ANpVEl BY SAX ROHMER HENRY BRANDON WILLIAM ROYLE ROBERT KELLARD GLORIA FRANKLIN
I N every theatre of this global war. Airplane Spotters scan the slues night and day —then held telephones leady to spread the alaim instantly. At sea and ni the an, as well as on land, telephone and ladio equipment made by Western Eleeliic speeds leport^ and oideis—helps oui hghttis to win and hold llie oflensive. For 61 yeais, Western Electiic has been the manulacluiei foi llie Bell Telephone System Today all our facilities are devoted lo making militaiy communications equipment. In this vital woik, college giaduates—men and women ol vaiicd abilities —are playing an impoitant pail Buy War Bonds regularly-jroni now till Viefory!
Western Electric IN PEACE SOURCE OE SUPPLY EOR THE BELL SYSTEM IN WAR ARSENAL Of COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENTV
^rmy, Marine News
Thursday, December 16, 1943
For Service Men, By Service Men
Page B
Great
Ifational Statistics Reveal Riveters 4s Balanced Team balanced poVer of Pui due’s undi^dated, untied football squad that vj^oynd up the season with the nation’s No 1 record is well illustrated fay the final official national football Statistics just leleased by the !lSthtional Collegiate Athletic Bui|au (Offensively, the Boileimakeis rafiked twelfth nationally on lushii|g, carrying the ball fiom sciimnjage 436 tunes in nine games foi a nSf gam of 2046 yaids, an aveiage of 227 2 yaids pei game On total defense, Puidue lanked thirteenth, holding the opposition Wa total of 1477 yaids on 442 plays from sciimmage, an aveiage of only 1^4 1 yards per game The Boileimakers weie particularly effective oh aerial defense, lankmg ninth nationally as they held the opposition to 38 completions in 113 attempts
for a total gam of only 514 yards, an aveiage of 57 1 yaids per game As far as individuals are concerned, Tony Butkovich, All-Amei-ican fullback, although he played m only seven games, wound up m third place nationally on running plays from sCiimmage, cairymg the ball 142 times foi 833 yaids But kovich’s total gamed on running plays alone was enough to give him fifteenth place nationally in total offense, which included both passing and rushing Boiis “Babe” Dimancheff, speedy light halfback, wound up thirteenth nationally on rushing, being credited with 669 yards on 110 attempts Notice All PE 12 classes will be suspended until next Monday because the epidemic of respiratoiy diseases and influenza on campus has not yet been brought under control, according to “Doc” Miller of the health service. The restriction applies to service men as well as cn ilians. Try An Exponent Classified!
Riveter Swimmers JIVrestlers May Meet Barwegen Gets Show Potentialities DePauw Saturday Inductigfi
In Intrasquad Meet
you know that only Arrow Shirts •(< have Arrow Collars?” Arrow collars ^ave the happy faculty of flattering any wearer an4 giving the utmost comfort at the same time. They lie smooth and stay fresh througliout the day. Other quality features of Arrow shirts are the Mitoga figure-fit construction, with narrowed waist, sloping shoulders, and tapering sleeves; and tlie Sanforized label which guarantees that an Arrow shirt won’t shrink more than an infinitesimal 1%. Whether you’re in unifoim or tweeds, you’ll find Arrows to fit your needs! $2.24, up.
ARROW
SHIRTS • TIES • HANDKERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR • SPORT SHIRTS if BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS if
ARROW'S THE ANSWER!
You can he sure the hest-grooined men on campus, whether in uniform or “cits,” are Arrow addicts. Arrow shirts are tailored with finesse, the collars lie smooth and stay smooth. And don’t forget the hantori/ed label (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). $2.24, up. Arrow ties (including black haiathea and khaki) are made with a patented lining that resists wrinkles. Also in smart, eolorful fancy patterns. $1 and .$1.50. See us also for your Arrow Shorts (75c up) and Arrow Handkerchiefs (25c up).
DEWENTER’S 416 MAIN ST.
m AMOW SHIRTS-
In the mtiasquad swimming meet held last Satin day afternoon Coach Dick Papenguth detei mined the probable membeis of this y^ai’s team Although definite position's were not assigned, good indication was given of who would be in the Boilei makei swimming limelight this yeai Backstroke Competition Stiff Hansel led the tankmen in the 220 and 440 fiee style, und Salmon and Poitei showed good foim in the splints Though Woolveiton led Gumming and Koitjohn, in that 01 del, in the backstioke, accoiding to Papenguth these tliiee aie faiily evenly matched and aie expected to piovide competition foi the numbei one position Theie is a possi bility that Johnny Juengst, stai divei foi the last two yeais, may be back foi this season Coach Papenguth had feaied Johnny’s loss but now hopes for his letuin On the whole, the squad looks faiily well balanced, but may be weak in the bieaststioke spot The coach hopes to see some gojid time turned ih in the splints Anothei Intrasquad Meet Next Satuiday, in place of the DePauw meet, which has been called off, the Riveteis will hold anothei Intiasquad meet in piepaiation foi the initial conference meet with Ohio State on Januaiy 8 Ohio, last yeai’s Big Ten, National Col legiate and|A A U champs, is expected to be a tough customei Outstanding Hawaiian swimmei, Nakama, holdovei fiom last yeai’s Ohio Sthte squad, may offei leal competition.
Coach Claude Reeck’s wrestling team began piepaling Satuiday afternoon foi a possible match with DePauw this coming Satuiday at Gieencastle Accoiding to the coach this yeais’ team has a great deal of possibilities, although veiy few of the men have had much expel lence Whethei the Rivetei giappleis will meet the DePauw team depends on the extent of the
flu epidemic
Some ot the men who will see action if the match is held aie light heavyweight Joe Hersch, football guard, middleweights, Portei (foot ball guaid), Giifiith, Sheppeid, Coppie, Illish and Hill, lightweights, Ingle, Eitzpatiick, Lieng,’Aeine and Johns(/n Most of th^se men aie 111 the V 12, eithel navy Oi marines Copple IS a navy flier, while Eitz patiick is in the electrician school The fiist home match is with Noithwesteiii here Januaiy 8
The meet to be held next Satuiday, at 3 30 p m in the Fieldhouse, will be between two evenly matched teamfe picked fiOm the squad, and will be open to the public The membeis of each team will be flght ing haid, foi the loseis aie tieating the winners to a paitv On the Gold team will be Salmon, acting captain, Kann, Leach, Goiby. Hansel, Fiiedman, MacMullen, Bakei, Zoiiila, Gumming, Koijohn, Nelson, Boivei and Nash Poitei, acting captain foi the Black team, is followed by Paiiy, Glassei, Kioh, Lawson, Biogan, Lyon, Kendiick, Laii, Bainaid, Woolveiton, Huntington, Juengst and D Papenguth Ji
Dick Baiwegen, outstanding guaid on the uridefeated and untied Boilei makei gridiron squad, has leceived hiS 01 dels to leport ioi duty with the hi my at Foit Sheiidan,
December 29
Volunteering for the ERG nioie than a yeai ago, Dick had expected a call some months ago, and had even withdrawn from school in anticipation of seiwing his countiy When the orders failed to aiiive, he enrolled in the University again and was able to complete the season with the football team Selected to play 111 the East West game in San Fiancisco New Yeai’s day, Dick was tor-leave foi the west
coast Satuiday
Sailors Boast Strong Ijh#tfp For SaturdsfY
By Jim Ackerman
Coach Piggy Lambert’s net team will take to the roasl this coming week end for their first out of town game, when they travel to Chicago Saturday to meet the Great Lakes five. This year’s Navy team is rated as the best service team in the coun-
try So far they have not lost a game
This year’s team is well fortified with professional stars, ■ Two of the outstanding men on 'Will nicriicc team are Paul Armstrong ylOUP Vf III I/ISCUm and Herman Schaefer, who r !■ JI Ilf I j have seen action together for r66din9 me WOriO fomteen years. Both of these 4 . . j ,, T J played three j ears of high
Ml Mcstlnfl I oddY
^ * Wayne and weie on a state cham-
Piof G D Scaiseth will addiess team Fiom Foit Wayne they the Univeisity Town Meeting todav ■went to Indiana, where they played at 5 45 at the Wesley Foundation Hoosiei vaisity foi three
'SuiihmiL. Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE
Notices
PIA Workers AH mcmbershipb and danct tla s itcUctb must be tinned in to PIA oflTice by I") p m Thursday Dec lb —PERILLE PIA Board Meeting it 1) p m Thurs d ly Dec 16 inPIAodiee - PERU LE Fraternity President’s Council Import int mcttinp. Thursday Dee lb at 7 p m in room 3bl m the Union Will discuss Christ mas partv —UEESE Phi Lambda Upsilon 'Meeting for all mem beis rhui day D< c lb at < 30 p m in loom 131 of the Chem Annex Eleetions for bee ittarv and tiia uiti will Ik held -and een ral busincbs mectint, will follow —LOTTES Alpha Phi Omega Executive meeting Sun day Dec 1) at ^ 10 p m in the Suedibh Lounge of the Union All odietis and mem beis intcicsted in the futuie of the club aie urj^ed to attend BFNDER Riflery Rifloiv pr ictiee Thin sday Dec IC Eoui piactietb must be completed by n \t Wedneseday —ALLEN Catalyst Meet on west steps of Ch E building Satuidax Dec 18 it 5 lo p m foi big chicken dinnei Important that students and faculty be on time —GAUNT Chi Eta Epsilon Meeting Tuesday Dec ‘^1 Ch D building at i 30 loom 111 Impoitant discus ion Be there —HIPl YWCA Cabinet Ihtre will h i cabinet meeting in the Y oil ice Fiiday Dec 1" it 4 o clock Please be prompt HAHNENSIEIN AILE Meeting oiiginillv sehdeuled f( i Thuifaclav Dec U has been postponed n dehnilely i —bMIlH ' Eta Kappa Nu Uigekt meeting at " p m tomoiiow in Unioi —SMIJ.H University Town Meeting Dr G D Sen seth will speak Thiisdiy evening Dee lb Feeding the W(il! Wesley Eoun lation All are welcome AWS Paity foi old and new be aid mcm bers in Miss Steelmins h\ing room W k d Hall tonight it 13 REED War Council Meeting Ihui dai Dee 1( in Union olfice loom 3b8 —WOOLLING
Scores Indiana 44, Wabash 27 Camp Giant 51, Wisconsin 40 Kentucky 40, Ohio State 28 Minnesota 40, Nebiaska 21
on State street opposite the Union His topic Will be “Oui Responsibil
ity foi Feeding the Woild ” The emphaxis will be on Amei
lean post vai lesponsibilities, since this topic lepiesents one of fom phases of the post wai woild which the Univeisity Town Meeting is planning to discuss in the neai fu tuie Othei topics scheduled foi futuie moatings aie “Aie the Po litical Institutions of oui Ally, Rus sia, Democi atic ’ ” and “What is Russia’s official policy towaid oi
gani/ed leligion’”
Piominent authoiities in the spe cific fields aie being obtained as
speakei s
The Umveibity Town Meeting is usually attended bv seveial facul ty membeis, moie than 40 students and some townspeople All are in-
vited
moie yeais Since then they have been playing piofessional basketball The last thiee years before enteimg the Navy both Armstiong and Schaefei played with a^pro team in Foit Wayne The biggest scoie that the Bluejackets have lun up so far was against the Maioons of Chicago, whom they beat 89 to 26 two weeks ago In the game with the “Gee Whiz Kids” oi Illinois the Navy won 52 to 44 In the Illinois game Schaefei and Aimstiong connected foi 17 of the baskets between them Lt Hinkle can stait a team which includes Jack Coleman, fieshman centei fiom Duke Univeisity, Schaefei and Aimstiong, who stalled on Bianch McCiacken’s 1940 national intei collegiate championship Indiana quintet, at for-
Among the constiuctive accom- waids and Ken Rollins of Kentucky plishments of the gioup has been and Don Smith of Minnesota at the cieation of a standing commit guaids, the lattei of whom has also tee to stu ly pioblems of mmoiity played pi o ball lelations It is the hope of the j gioup that all othei communities j' “““““ will follow suit by establishing sim- j *X* .JI ilai study units WlQiSSlIlGCl
AIEE
Ads
meeting which was scheduled foi tonight will be postponqi:! to a futuie date which is to be an nounced latei The meeting was oiigmally scheduled to featuie Di Sleslingei but since he was unable to get so ne equipment foi his speech, he will addiess the oigani zation some time in Januaiy Notice There will be no intramural basketball until next Monday —CLEVETl
Money to Loan—On diamonds watches, guns luggage typewriters Alberts Loan Office 40 Columbia Typewriters—\ddin^ machines all makes cold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph woik done C P Ebershoff 605 Main, 1 afayotte Phone ^7 9 Lost—Blown billfold containing passport t jnditnnal licen e BI ick Hills Passion Play pab etc Return Chirles Lee Butler 218 W lid ion Phone 23)0 Reward Lowell L Martin att-irney 339 Vine needs dm el for car Must be strong Desirable loom part compensation Res phone o339 Office phone 6 ) )3 Buy War Bonds’S^Ktm
Bk
■•f,i ■ t- '
in or
Precious few are the occasions for remembering that man. At Christmas time you can really do a job of remembering in a fitting and proper manner, and in a big way, too, if you will take the time to look over the suggestions on this page. Of course, we can illusrate only a fraction of the desirable gifts available here. But a visit to our store will give you even bigger and better ideas. Your man shops here for himself and is perfectly familiar with the superiority of our quality and the timeliness of our merchandise. Anything bought here for him will be doubly acceptable — the gift itself and the good taste that prompted you to make your selection here.
Choose From This List of Brighteners
Duifle Bags in leather or duck. Easy to carry with him. S5.-00 and $10.00
Apron Kits with all wanted articles. Ready for use. A handy place for his toilet articles. $2.50 and $5.00
Sewing Kits with all necessary/“thread, buttons, etc. $1.00 and $1.50
Billfolds with Army, Navy or Air Corps Insignia in ^1 leather. $5.00 and $6.00.
Shoe Shine Kits with brush, dauber and polish. $1.50. Money Belts with one and two pockets with zippers. Tan or Navy. $1.00 and $2.00
Kamp Kits. The miniature fitted toilet kit with everything he needs. $2.50
Regular Sox and Ties. Gifts sure to please. Ties $1.00. Sox 45c to $1.00
McGregor and Catalina ill all wools and blends. Argyles, Norwegians and plain colors. A wonderful gift. Priced $3.50 to $10.00.
PAJAMAS
Manhattan, Enro, Columbia and B.V.D. The finest pajamas made. In . stripes^and paisley patterns. All colors in cotton, satin, rayon and silk. $2.50 to $7.50.
Sleeveless SWEATERS
A fine gift for any man in slip-on or button model in all wools. Tan, brown,, and blue. ^ $2.50 to $4.00.
SOCKS : 1
¥ * ' '
Interwoven—the best name in H
socks. Many patterns to choose
from. All colors and all sizes.
5
^
45e to $2.50. §
e ’
SHORTS ■ ' ^ ^ 1
1 A very useful gift in while ^
broadclotb. Only 65c.
TIES ; .
(with shorts and socks)
Thousands of ties to select
■| ihousamls oi ties to select sil from at (ieisler’s. Priced $1.00,
$1.50, $2.00 and $2..50.
ROBES
Full-lined rayons, spun rayons, and galiardines. A gift he’ll appreciate. $7.50 to $20.00.
All Gifts Wrapped in Attractive Gift Boxes
GIVE HIM TIES AND YOUR SAFE See Our Selection First ' $1.00, $1.50, $2.00 and $2.50
SHOP EARLY SHOP WISELY
n
r"'