V ,^#tr>7i,|^ ff''fF.i^^i^'jsSr?;^' '‘^7'ru -
'I'^^s-'^' '^' ’ i/*"' ^
7^ A
/ >^i § S» 't rfsa «
5 M /•
' f'^ %i
t
i\ ’t
,»\ «*’ V i
t {Register Now For
Defense Courses
xfiOHeni
^ /t£v, * •
SfiKtowl’ Bd^i Reviews BegfO Todts^
Volume SB, No. 98
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, fgntiirf %%,
liftateiitol lA
Trustees
Contrac
^Seteen Reviews' Will Begin Today At 3 In Music Hall First program in the new second semester series of movie short piesenlations, “Screen Review,” will be given from 3 to 6 this afternoon in the Music Hall This announcement wafe yesterday by J W Ditamore, manage! of the Music HltC who stated that the shoit subjects shown would be selected with the interests of the student body m mind Inangilrated last fall, this senes - - , , „.,...
S. C. Hadden
W.L Baft Will Head New Control Board For War Materials William L Batt ’07, foimei 0PM leadei was appointed yesteiday as chan man of the newly cieated ovei all lequiiements boaid by Wai Pro
of Thuisday afteinoon programs is an educational program which has attrSct^d noticfe throughout the tountiy, for letteis have been le ceived from seveial universities le questing infox ttiation on the details of staging similai piograms Seven films with an appioximate running time of 64 minutes will be shown this afternoon The piogram includes “Populai Science No 6 ’ at 3 06, 4 09 and 6 13, “This Is the Bowery," oi the Passing Parade se lies, at 3 16, 4 19 and 6 23, “Guf
fy’s Glidei,” a Walt Disney cartoon, ‘^^^‘^tions Chief Donald M Nelson at 3 25, 4 29 and 6 23, “Tiiumph "P Without DiUms,” one of the Min- ot membeis lepiesenting the Aimy lature senes, at 3 32, 4 36 and 6 40, economic defense board, lend Call Hoff and his orchestxa at 3 42, maiitime commission, will 4 46 and 6 60, “News of the Day” lequiiemeiits and avail
at 3'61 and 4 56, and “Wedding materials
Bolls,” a Pete Smith specialty, at » Wilbui scholai in his 3 69 and 6 03 junioi yeai at the Univeisity and o „ X , T, was Intelested in laboiatoiy work
Semester’s Program xj . u j .
His fiist job upon giaduation was
Thioughout the semestei two ^vith Hess Biight Manutactni ing subjects will be shown weekly while company of Philadelphia as a lab the March of Time will be lun giatoiy assistant Latei Hess on alteinate weeks Othei featuies flight merged with SKF (Svenska which Will be included in the “Scieen jj^Hagd Fabnken) industiies, a Review” shoWiners are oicIrCstla subsidiary of a Swedish concern shoits, Disney cai toons, a senes of nianufactuics small machmeiy
SIX “Populai Science" subjects a seiies of six subjects entitled “Un usual Occupations,” several Pete Smith specialties, Passing Pai ades,” “Miniatuies’ and Tiave
logues ’
The regulations of last semtstei concerning admission apply to the new senes of “Screen Review ” The movies aie fiee to the student body only, and passports are absolutely
School Closes Today Address By Governor Samuel C. Hadden To Address General Session In Afternoon Attendance leadhed 700 yesteiday as highwaymen from throughout the state met for the third day of the twentyeighth annual foui-day Road School A geneial session was held in the morning, at which time a lepoit on the Jesuits of the Joint Highway Research Project was given In the afternoon the school was broken up into four gioups for discussions pertaining to pioblems of county officials, city engineeis, state highway con- —
Henry F. Schricker ^ A
necessary foi admittance a p h Cisne Will Play At Forester's Ball Next Week Tickets went on sale yesteiday for the fifth annual Foresters’ Ball which IS to be held in the south ball loom ot the Union next Friday Jan 30 Tickets may be pur chased tiom
membeis of the Forestiy Club or the regular election prevrously leld at the west desk of the Union for Elections on campus are handled ^]i jQ by the Senate as well as the tutoi
Dick Cisne and his band will play *yP"?P
foi the dance For vocalizing and, 'Students Ihe fieshman handbook
Batt IS now president of the con
cein d w o
Dibos Will Introduce Student Senate Jobs At Freshman Callout Student Senate is holding fiesh man callouts tomoiiow afternoon at 4 p m m the Senate office at the Union At the meeting Dick Dibos president ot the Senate imII discuss the increased activities ot the or
ganization
The Senate hrs ps its mam func tion the position ot go between for students and faculty and also lati ties the constitutions ot all orgrn izations on campus
New Duties
Among the new duties the Stu dent Senate is undertaking is the organization ot the piom and gala week committees since its abolished
exh^bitiq\|. pumbeis, Red (Jumbo) Miller takes care ot the blues while Lloyd Stiang will do the ballads Gene Robinson, the man with the Donald Duck voice is scheduled to do imitations and comedy numbeis
distiibuted at the beginning ot eVery yeai is written and published by Senate workers Othei lesponsi bilities inelude the central Lost and Found department and the tacultj personnel rating sheets These ques
Chairman of the State High way Commrssion ot Indian r will speak on ‘ What It Takes to Perfect a State Highway System at a gen eral session of the Road School thia aftei noon AWS Sponsors Weekly Series Of War Talks AWS in cooperation with the Stu dent War Council is presenting a series of defense lectures beginning Fiiday Jan 30 Prof L M Sears will speak about the background of the Ameiican entry into the uai at 4pm 111 the Music Hall at this first lecture Lecture Held Weekly All ot the lectures will be given by membeis ot the histoiy eeonom ICS and government depaitment and will concein euirent problems The lectures will be held weekly on Friday afternoons in the Music Hall Prof V Albjeig will speak at the second lecture on the background of the Eui opean enti j into the war Other lectures include Prof C B Murphy on Hemisphere Rel r tions,’ Pi ot J W Robinson on Propaganda and Civil Libcitie in War Time Pi of R Phillips will discuss what kind ot a peace wo want after the war and Prol J A Estey will speak about u rr and post war economic problems This senes ot detense lectures is open to all student a c Exponent Editorial Coeds Coed edition todaj Repoit loi n ork at i ROSF
stiuction men and state highway maintenance men At the meet ing for city eiigineers B A Poole sanitary engineer for the Indiana State Board ot Health pointed out that the mushroom growth of sub divisions around large cities is go ing to cause an increase in deaths due to typhoid fever To prevent this he urged the enactment of a metropolitan sewerage distiict law Musical Groups Enteitain In the evening the highwaymen were entertained by the University Musical Oiganizations under the di lection ot Albert P Stewart and Joseph M Ragains Highlights ot the evenings entertainment were singing ot Intermezzo by the Con cert Chou and You and I by the
Glee Club
The final day ot the Road School will begin this mprning with sepai ate sessions tor higluvay ma.intenance men highway construction men county road supervisors and
county suiveyois General Session
In the afteinoon the entire School will meet in the south ballroom of the Union for a genei il session pie sided over by Albeit J Wedeking membei of the St ite Highway Com mission ol Indiana At this time Samuel C Hadden chairman oi tl c State Highw ly Commission will spe ik on What It Takes to Pei feet a State Highway System John W Wheeler Colonel ot the 11 th Ln" nee s at Camp Shelbj Ml s will speal on M hat Mancu vcis Ai" Teachm Us Aboru Mill taiy Ilighr rys in 1 E W James ( hiei of the Divi ion ot Highway Tl inspoit Public Poads Adminis tl ition Wa^-hinglon D C will ad dioss the group on Pi ogress-on the
Intel Americui Highwaj
In the evening r banquet piesid ed over by President Elliott will close the four day school Gov Hen ij F Schricker will be the mam spe ikcr ol the event and Wallei H Bluchei Executive Director of
Governor of the State of In
diana will be the mam speaker at
the final banouot of the twenty emhth annual Road School tonight
Given Will Play
At First Stamp Coeds Will Register Defense Mixer In Defense Courses
Fust Defense Mixer will be held next Saturday from 9 to 12 p m m the Union ballrooms The adinis Sion will be fifty cents plus a five cent tax and the show mg ox a booklet containing at least filtj cents worth of detens,, stamps Irv Given and his oichestia will play tor the mixer On Sale In Union Stamps are on sale rt the defense stamp booth located at the entrance of the south ballroom ot the Union Stamps on sale at the booth are ot ten and twenty five cent denom matrons A stamp book is given with the purchase of the first stamp When the booklet contains $18 75
Registrat on fo all women stu dents desiring to enroll in radio code, motor repair and pistol firing defense course will be held tod y and tomorrow from 3 to 5 30 p m at the desk at the entrance to the Sweet Shop in the Union Enroll ment in these courses sponsored bv Gold Peppers senior women s hon or ary and supervised by the Mil itaiy Depaitment will be limited Those registering first will be given preference Code Course Instruction in code sending and
worth of stamps it may be cashed receiving will be given in the laciio
in on a bond which m ten years will be worth $25, at an interest ot 2 9 per cent compounded cemi an nually The stamp booth ir the Union will
code course Section A of this course will be offered on Tuesday and Thursday night from 7 to 8 It i^ possible that an additional section will be offered it student registra
sell stamps from 11 to 12 a m and tion warrants an addition class The from 3 to 6 45 p m ot week days classes will meet two horns a week thioughout the semester and will for 14 weeks and tneie will be no be open Sunday alter noons Stamps prerequisite
will be “old Saturday m^ht at the door Thej are also on s ile at the Executive Building WRH and Cary
Hall e e w
Coast Guard Issues Call For Graduates To Enlist As Seamen In order to obtain men lor ofheei tiaimng the United States Coast Guaid is issuing a call lor college giaduates The first group of appli cants will commence training at the
Ihe motor repair course will meet from 7 to 9 on Wednesday evening tor 16 weeks A gasoline fee ot fiitj cents will be charged The only pie 1 cquisi'-e IS that the student must be able to drive a car The course is designed to teach the general pirn eiplcs ol motors driving of military vehicles and driver maintenance Pistol Firing The course in pi&tol filing will offer instruction in handling pistols safety precautions preliminary fir ing and record fir ing y. One section of the course will be held on Tries day and Thursday evenings from
__ ^ 7 to 7 30 An additional section to the Aneiicaii Society ot Planning Corst Guaid Academy New Lon on Tuesday and Thursday
Entries In All-Campus
Ftatui mg twin piano7 playe^by tionnaiies aie Rivui to students for Discussioli Tourney
don Conn about February 10 Candidates must enlist as appren tice seamen and will undeigo a thirty day preliminary tiaiiring pe nod at the Academy Upon com pletion of this pieliminaij eouise those ouiliying will be appointed as erdets Coast Guard Reserve and given an additional three months training After being appointed ca dets will receive $780 pei year and
Dick Cisne and Bob Younger, the glee club supports the twelve piece band with its novelty and semi symphonic renditions The biekdiop will be a caitoon ol a baekwoods man with a double od,^e axe ehas
ing a Jap d c p
rating membeis ot the taeultj and «ie then loturnod to the head ot the
school
'lire Student Senate is also plan nin,^ a regional convention ot stu deht senates, whieh w ill bg held hei e at the Univeisity soon aw
Offienls Chicago will Sperk on
PI inning Foi the Post War Pen
od Musical entertainment will be
luimshed by the University Musi eal Oiganiz rtions under the diiec tion ol Albert P Sterait dw o James Caughell
piincipal of the Elston con .ow aim
snlirl iinr! Kfhnnl will ho tho oiiocX .y.n v■ aiai instructors Will be awarded
soiiciaieo senoor win do tne guest commutation for one ration per day i ^ p, mp
evenings from 7 30 to 8 will be offered if the first section is filled and if there are enough legisteied to fill an additional class The course w ill continue tor tour w eeks An ammunition tee of 50c will be
charged each student
To ceitily that a student has satisfactorily comp’eted these de tense courses r certificate signed
Knight, Albjerg Write E>^change
Book Used By Schools
“We, the Guardians of Oui Lib eity” a volume ot about 200 pages wxitren last year by Di E B Knight, head ol the Division of Ed ucation and Applied Psychology and Dr Maiguetite Albjerg lor mcily of the histoiy, economics and govoinment department at Purdue University, has been adopted toi use in the elemental y schools ot Indianapolis by recent school board action theie The book which confines itself to a discussion oi the Bill ot Rights of the U Si Constitution was se lucted because ot its timely place 111 the countij today i w b
requests all students who left texts at the exchange this semes ter to come to the sub basement ot the Union and collect (ithci Ihcii money oi unsold books immediate
ly
Former Sfudenf- Accepl^s Position In Radib Station Hank Millei Sci 40 leceirtly ac eepted a position as assistant pio giam diiectoi and announcei with a new stition WPAT located in Patterson, N J Millci was previously employed by WDWS Uibana 111, as assist lilt piogiam manager While at tending t'Vie Univeisity he was la dio cdiloi of the Exponent k g i
Entries foi the all campus dis cussioiio to begin soon inu-it be madebelore4p m today at Speech office in University Hall The tour nament is open to all tiatcimties soioiities Cary Halls oi indepen lent houses who wish to enter a team of tiom one to five members lor the elimination contest Dctei mine Topics House managers oi all gioups who desire to participate will meet this after noon at 4 p m to de ter mine topics tor the discussion and the exact times and places whei e it will be held Publicity director Bob Ricstoi stated that the general jilan will bo to meet at regular intcivals at dit terent fraternity and solollt^ houses in gioups ot seven to talk over specific points undei the mam subject which will be decided to night at the meeting The discus sions will 1 elate to jnesent world Jffaiis and then relationship to the students and to the nation
speakei this morning on the Par ent Teacheis Association piogram ovei WBAA at 11 30 He will speak on the subject ‘The Modem Rural
S bool
by Gold Peppers i i r
Civil Service The Personnel Office has received woid that a represen titive ot the U S Civil Seivice, C B Sullivan will be on campus tola) tomoriow and Satur daj ot this week to interview all students men and women alike, regal ding positions open in Gov einment seivice til interested students aie icqucsttd to attend a <• oup niectin to be hckl at 4 p m this aft moon in room 108 ot the Mechanical Engineer mg Building Since the Govern ment is one of the biggest em plo>ers ot engineers aiiange ments will be made immediately alter the gioup meeting tor individual interviews Any student with questions should contact the Pcisonnel Office
Cadets will be lequiied to pi ovule then own unitoim books and cloth
mg
Ensign Commission
Upon completion ot the advrnced course the c idet will be commis sioned in ensign m the United States Corst Guard Reserve There he will be entitled to an allow nice tor the purchase oi required uni toini clothing Members ot the Coast Guild Reseive are obligated to bcive in the Coast Guard for the duration ot the piesent cmeigei cy Information and a sample rppli
cation bl ink may be obtained at the . , , ,
Personnel office Applications and
Activities Bureau To Continue Work Throughout War Work ot the activities bureau will continue during thg present emer gency according to in announce ment received last night from Jim Walle) W alley senior executive oi the bureau has also taken over the job oi Rob Giinlin loimei director.
addition rl intoimation may be ob tamed tiom local Coast'^Gurid Rc ciuitm„ Officers or by wiitin,. Com mandant Coast Guaid Hculquri ters Washington D C ho Frank C. Hockema assistant to the piesident ol the University was in Loganspoit Monday to address a joint Rotai) farmer meeting on ‘Indiana Agii culture
tiainmg
Activities Buieiu has been as signed the job ot crii)ing out the work of the Mar Council This will 11 elude clcii rl work accounting pib Kit) nd the execution ot pro gi in s rdopted bj, the cor neil Beside this exti r woik the rc tivities bureau will perfoim then legulai duties wh ch include inter viewing ot tieshmei m regard to ictivitics and the chccl ing ot schol istic icquiicments ot stude^its eii gaged in activities deb
---fit -s
Building Td House Wing Testi Yesterday the tkyaxd of Trustees awarded a contiisct to A E Kemmer, cdn* tractor, foi the consfeptfetiort of a new Aeronautical llngfneenng Laboratory as ait addition to the Mechatiicdt neering buidmg. The new tab* oratoiy will be located at the southeast cornet of the present building and will cost ^75,884 All steel and other essential materials will be subfect to priority orders Two Stories High The new building, which will be foi the study of airplane stiuctuies and aerodynamics, is 94 ft long, 50 ft wide and two stones high with provisions made for two more floors to be added later. Steel reinforced concrete with walls Oi brick, trimmed with Bedford stone to h^armonize with the Mechanical Engineering BttiM^ mg, to which it will eVetttnid% be connected, are to be hsM ik its const! uction An airplane structures class rooms, instpiaale^ looms and offices will the ground floor. will be a steel jig on Whilst^ airplane wings can be moujlted, loaded and tested foi stres-
ses
The mam floor will consiSf of an aeiodynamics lab, tafd. class! ooms, work rooms, offices, instrument lab and prdpellor lab Two wind tunnels will also be located on this floor, one small silent one for classroom demonstrations and a large one for actual experimentation d w 0 Radio Discussion Group To Present Friday Programs Radio discussion groups directed by Prof P E Lull of the speech depaitment, will piesent a series of diseu'-“ions every Fixday aftemoop tiom 5 to 5 30 over WBA.A. The gioupivvill consist of vaxsity debat-. eis piominent activity men and well known faculty membeis. Tlje gioups will be changed each weetr, J O Biay Ag ’43 and a vaxsity debatei is managei of the piogiaxii. Effect On Citizen ^ r,, Topic fox tomorioyr will be “llqte Shall We Pay the Bill’” and vvdl include such matexial as the amoxlht ot national income that wxU fed needed m 1942, how it will be laised and the effect ot this on the individual citizen ^ Membeis ot tomoxrow’s group will be Bxay, chairman, Rqbext Weiss vaisity debatei, Janet Morehouse president of Tau Kap^ Alpha toxen'-ic honoxary, RexMfeyfield, president of the Intertraternity President’s Council, Pisrf Thomas of the histoiy, economics and government department? apd R B Stewart University controu-^ ei p g h Universify Club To Hold Univeisity Women’s Clufe will hold its annual gugst day dinner at 7 p ill Monday, Feb 2 xn the Uniqu bafiiooms Iiv Given will funxIsH music tor dancing tiom 9 to 12. „ Tickets will be on sale in tfee lobby ot the Union tronx 9.30 p. to 5 p m Jan 29 and ®9 and 9 to 12 Saturday inoxag^. Tffenyjl w ho w ish to play eaids niay tables with Mrs G D Scftrseilt
-.-is
•%?Drm Pmarton
Robert S, Allen
msilMTON
Fifteen Army Air Pilots Died Too Last Fi'iday morning the, natloh was- ' - certf aho^ our h^Hting ■ iheh in
Last Friday morning the, natioh' was^- 'Certf^ a our figKtipg; iheh in shocked to learn of the tyagic death of Carole viev; of the concern about the f,ate^
. jU,Qfpbj|,ird iWid .PQnT,panAdhs \yheji 9,; T^A airliner crashed into the side of .,9 mountain in Nevada and burned. The papers carried
the ),i^^ys of ]the, .d.e.9th‘Of the besutif nl piictjupe star in screaming headlines,,, sob .sisters sobbed into the ear of a sympathetic Amen-
Lprribard .may.- indicate th^t the,fout^^ of the ayerage i^meri'ean as yet'has' hot'-been geared up fd ytar time productional thinking. It Would be foolish for us to argue about the comparative worth to the nation of Miss Lombard and the Army officers. All of them were obviously valuable to their country. It is cer-
ca far into the early part of this week, movie ttuinly doubtful whether there is an Army air critics turned out galley upon galley follow- pilot in the country who could sell two million ing the “I knew b^r when—” pattern. Only' dollars ^yorth of defense bonds in the short twice before in the faemory Of Americans to,-. time that Miss Lombard did. It is equally
Lindlberghi Stimson . Ci^mmissi is Hgt Discussed WASBtlNGTON, Jan. 21. — Charles Augustus LiiKlberg:h will remember for a long time his talk with Secretary of War Henrj' Stimsoiiffiti the question of re-entering the.Attii'yv.It ,was that kind of interview. When the America First champion wrote' to' Lt,-Gen. “Hap” Arnold,- Afmy air chief, offering his services to the Army, he was very hopeful- 6f regaining the colonelcy he had angrily discarded in the heat of his isolationist crusade. He wrote this letter, instead of formally applying for reinstatement of his commission, on Pie advice of Certain friends, some of them in the Air Corps, . They counselled Lindbergh that he first feel out his prospects before going on record as asking for a commission. The reason for this advice was that they had good reason to beIjeye that the Army did not care to re-commission Lindbergh in the Air Corps. That was why no formal application was ever received from Him; also why he did not discuss the matter of a commis.sion in his interview with Secretary Stimson. Lindbergh was, expressly cautioned not to mention the subject. The talk took place in Slimson’s: office, where the balding flier, hat'in hand, sat acro'ss the desk from, the , veteran cabinet member, who has grown white in the unstinting service of hi.s country. SUm,son opened the conversatipp. . Fort fifteen minutes, in precise, cutting words, he outlined hi.s concept of Americanism, Stimson never mentioned Lindbergh. When he finished, the flierpicked up the conversation and Stinison' listened without interruption. Lindbergh stated that he was engaged in seciet expei'imental work with a commercial concern, which- the Army knew about and was interested in. At Lindbergh’s offer to continue in that capacity, or any other, Stimson buzzed for A,ssistant Secretaries Robert A. Lovett and John J. McCloy and told them about it. “Where do you think Mr. Lindbergh would be most useful?” asked Stimson. Lovett and McCloy promptly voiced the opinion that the flier should continue his civilian woi-k. Both,said fii nily they were sure this would be “most suitable.” That ended the interview — and Lindlrergh’s hoped for rein.statement as an officer of the Air Corps. Safe Shelter W'ashington air raid rules call for tenants on the fir.st floor of some apartment houses to take shelter,;^jij|, upper flooris. AfTan upper-floor dweller. Senator Gerald Nyc of North Dakota, in a recent air raid test, opened his dfi^ts to a family from the floor below. But tke vi.sitors were ill as ease Finally Nyc, with a grin, broke the ice by making a crack about hi.s i.solationism. “This building mu.st be pi-otty safe,” he saiid, “because Hitler’s
aviator^ would certainly be cautioned about where Ny.e lives!” Free Hand Senator Harry S. Trumpn gof a hearty pat on the back from the President wh.en the IVliS^ptirian ca|ied at the White House before' his committed filefi its' ’ r'ejibi't blpslihg the 0PM' foV failirig' tO prepare Americain industry f.or full-time war pj-oductiopi ' ' ' Also, the PreMdeflt cbtildii’l have been more einphafic iff declaring for the continuation of Truriian’s special committee. “I’ln planning to make;a request for an additionalH^IO,0,0,00 to carry on our investigation Of "war ' dontracts,” Truinan Inforined the President. “But before r do anything I want your approval; You’re ’the bo.ss. I’ll esill it quits’if'you’say'the word.'” - , “No, Harry, I want you to continue,” said the President. “Your committee has done an excellent job so far, but there’s still more to do.” “It’s very nice of you to say that, Mr. President,” said Truman. “But I warn you—we won’t pull any punches. We’ll continue to expose ineptitude \yhere we find it in the 0PM and other offices, as well as misconduct on the part of private industry.” “Go to it, Harry,” beamed the President. “Pm all for you. The legislative branch of the government has every right to know about how the money it appropriates is being spent.” Merry-lQo-Round A “Washington Star” reporte)published an item giving the proportion of men to every hoi'se in the German Army compared with the number of men to every horse in the American Army. He immediately got an official call warning him that this was secret military information. “But,” he replied, “I merely copied tlie figures out of the Cavalry Joui-nal. Anyone can buy the Cavalry Journal, including Axis agents.” . . . E. B. Craney, Montana radio man who is a close friend of Senator Wheeler, recently promoted, financed, and successfully completed a Red Cro.ss relief drive netting over -$60,000 in 24 hours . . . Only Ohio Congressman who votecl for the. fortification of Guam was farsighted Mike Kerwin of Young.stown. Bad Films For Good Neigjibors Young Nelson Rockefeller, who on Ihe whole h^s done a g.ood job for Pan-American cuttural relations, has bogged down badly on films for our Pan-American neighbors. His Museum of Modern Art, which was supposed to do this, has been laboring for nine months at a cost of $15,000 per month to the government—and finally has brought forth.a mouse. 'Rockefeller and Jock Whitney are getting a large dose of cilticism about this because they personally are interested in the Museum and have permitted an amateur group to run the ^how—into the ground. Without benefit of competitive bidding or any system of checks and balances, amateur after amateur in the fliueseum has tackled the job of deciding what kind of films should be sent to LgtinAineriea. Here is a cross section of the results so far: “Better Dresses Fifth Floor,” “A Child Went Forth,” “The
day had ..the death of a beloved cinema'idol caused such a stir in every cornei: of the nation. The sudden surmises of Rudolph Valentino and Will Rogers had stunned the public a few ye,ars ba.ck. But last week the big ne^^s of the week was the tragic de.ath of Jane Alice Petors of Fort Wayne, known to millions of movie fans over the world as Carole Lom-
bard.
Perhaps a little more unsepsationaj from the standpoint of news value were the deaths of 15 United States Army air pilots who were also'aboard the doomed transport plane. But from the standpoint of a nation at war, the death of 15 yaluablie fighting men should have
doubtfid whether there is a movie actress in Hollywood who could be as valuable in actual air combat against our enemies as a trained
Army aviator. '
Tke, fact reniains that over 40 trained Army airmen h^ve met death in plane wrecks in the past two weeks. The majority of American people did not even notice the daily reports of these accidents; or if they did, looked upon them as all in the day’s work qf ^an Army pilot. According to President Roosevelt our nation’s factoides will turn out over 60,000 a,irpjanes in the next two years. If we yrant theee planes to do us the most good,, we must have trained men to get thehi off the ground 9n.d
a more shocking effect on the citizens of that into the air. If we want the ‘‘hloqd, s.weatjjahd nation than the death of a matinee idol. The tears” that went into the prpdnefiqn qf tkA fact that it did not may not have any bear- machines to pay pnofifs, the deaths, of alipokU ing whatsoever on the attitude of Americans half a hundred of the trained Okprat^^^^ toward-the “war-to-the-death” in which w-e fly the machines id.ertninjy. jmnst^.becpin^ are now engaged. Then again, this lack of cpn- the future a great conGefn to uA d.ih,
ROMEr
-TOKYO-
-BERLIM
Nnaaa-
-0A)I01-
-awoii
Don’t let this get aiound^but the other day \yo stopped .studying long enough to read a copy of the Uniyersity of Californjg’s humor magazine. (If the Wai’ Council find.s out we stopped studying—no de^ ferment!) In this magazine we found a clever section devoted to the student’s job when the Nazi horde invades the U. S, Everything in quotes—has been plagiarized. “PSYCHOLOGY STUDENTS—capture the advance Nazi units'by exerting the superiority of your trained, dynamic minds over their moronic mentalities. “PRE-LEGAL STUDENTS—you should make excellent dispatch runners. You probably have a natiual talent—and think what a wonderful training it will be for your future occupation—of ambulance chasing. “ECON STUDENTS—furnished a stock of second
hand Fords, you will seek out and barter with the simple minded Tank Corps soldiers, trading 'tfiem' even.—a Ford for a tank. . “PHILOSOPHY STUpENTS-you will waylay the Nazi generals and talk their arms off. Without their arms they will be unable to draw maps, an,d confusion will reign. . ' “CO-OP AND HALL WAITERS—you must infiltrate into their ranks and become mess orderlies. Starvation is a fitting death for those murderers. “ENGINEERS—your job is to snc.ak behind the enemy’s lines and send P. D. G. letters to the dictators neiyspapers. This will spread confusion and endanger their morale. Here is a sample of the letter.s you are so good at writing—Dear Editor: What Liie liell? Where are the women? Your new order stink.s. J haven’t seen a woman in months. Democracy was better-—even with Roqsevelt. You personally stink. If someone doesn’t get me some women soon, I am going to raise hell, (signed) Plenty Damned Griped. “ALL OTHER STUDENTS—just grab a rifle. •We’re sure the army will find SOMETHING for you to do.” r.t.e,
THURSDAY 9:55 News 10:10 Curio Man - 10:15 WBAA Presents r 10:30 Listen While You Work_ 11:00 Federated Clubs — Guest Club—;Mrs. 'V. Sakson and Mrs. M. M. McClure ll:l5 Music 11:30 Pai'ent Teacher Association —James Caughell.—“Modern Rural Schools.’’ 11:50 Purdue News 12:00 Agricultural For.um 12:15 Mqet the Hand 12:45 (Flexible for Special Events j 1.00 Souvenirs 1:30 Science Review 1:46 Markets 2 :00 ' A Story A Day 2:15 The Apothecary 2:80 MusiO 2:45 Treasure Chest 3:00 Music' 3:10 M'JMc 3:15 Afternoon Melodies ' 3:30 Musical Round-up 4:00 Tea Time Tunes . . 4:15 Heard in the Hallway 4:30. Music ' 4:46 Little Muss Muffett 5:00 Just Relax ^ 5:30 Vespers 5:.45' Curio Man 5:50 News 6:00 Dinrier Music 6:30 Sports 6:45 The Magic Carpet 7:00 “Urban Sociology” with Prof. T. K. Noss 7:50 Music 8:00 Story Behind Music 8:30 Eventide Echoes 8:45 Sacred Music 9:00 Maury Mahn’s Band 9:30 Music—Dexter, baritone 9:50 News 10:0,0 OFF THE AIR Roger Williams s i . Club of West Lafayette Baptist Church announces the election of the following officers fo'r the coming year: Roger Euler, president; Alberta Artman, secretary; Wayne Stephenson, treasurer; and Timothy Tilton, assistant-treasur-er, b.m.p.
Several' major changes have boon made in Air Corps enlistment regulations, it has been ahno'ujiced JiY' the Fifth Corps Area ' Keadqila'Y-' ters. - ' , ■ . . Candidates will be accepte^, the ages of 18 to 26 inclusiv'e 'dit*.;,' stead of 20 to 26 as forme)'iy.'‘ A simple merit system basAi on qjitk tude tests instead of the forhieiy'efi-r ueatidnal examinatiph or coilhkK credit will bo used. Appointments are,' now open, to inarried men as 'well as single men, if all dependents, are eeif supporting. All successful''aphlihhh^AAyill receive immediat'e appointments to their training field., All fkccepleA trainees who “wash out” .yill placed in another brapeh of .Itkl;'. Air Corps instead of returning-., tb , civilian life, p.g.h. ' ■
Glicfer CBub Will Meet Tonight; to DiB<;iiss Ground Instructions Ground school instructions for new meipbers will he discussed at the meeting of the (?lider Club at' 7:30 tonight in room 263 of the Union. Talks on flight, procedure will be given by Don Caffee, Art Hubbard, Lu Cole and Karl Shakel. A discus.sion of civil air I'egulations will follow, and members will schedule flight sessions for next week. A new glider recently purchased by the club will have a 47-foot wingspan and will hold two passengers. Mcmbeis of the club will bi'ing it back from Chicago Saturday, r.m.s. City,” and “Power and The Land”—all utterly unsuited and without objective for South America. Some reasonably good commercial films have been donated, such a.s “U. S. Steel,” “Greyhound Bus,” “General Electric Excursions in Science,” and “The American Can Company’s Silver Millions.” Also Hollywood has handed over a group of pictures, such as “Eyes of the Navy,” “Soldiers of the Sky,” “The Bdttle,” which are the best pictures that have gone to South America. Meanwhile the amateurs continue to chatter and muddle over uplifting the film.s fof our Good Neighbor.s—all at the expense of Uncle Sam. (Copyright, 1942, by United Fear turc Syndicate, Inc.)
PINE BAR GRILL Parties —• Our Speicalty 200 Columbia
Everything for a | College Education f DEAC’S 1
TODAY - FRI. - SAT. TWO FIRST RUN HITS A tuneful bIfist of two-gun action ..loaded to the \ hjlt for laughs! |
AIEXIS SMITH LLOTD NOLAM CBA1GS|E«^
CHARLIE RUGGLES • ALLEN JENKINS and BobWillsand HisTexas Playboys
StARTS Ti&DWY PQUBLE FIAiliRS
Their Biasing Gvns Wrfttc Histuryl
A Warner m6s. HIT.; MOS • WYMAN • MORRIS • ( —— PLUS T—'
A reckless crime-buitn'r finds theft Wt'k tough'to be o hero when-'twis; !^®?, over ygui
fijukdijuL £xfiomnL All-Anneric^n 1940-^1
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. l*ublished daily except Monday during the regular academic year Ujifi, weekly during the Summer Se.ssion. Delivered locally by carrier for $3-50 per year, mail subseriptions, $4.00. , .
Editor'in-Chief.. News Editor ..:.. SporU Editor....
..Ned A. Ochiltree EuBiness Manatfcr ..JobiT L. Traujffott Manp^'ins: Editor. Phil Johnson Coed Editor
Don S. powers ..Leland W. Rulfner Hnth Rose
' ' Publication Staff EiUUirfali Staff: J. F. Amos. J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, It. L. Hadley, H I- Jones, K. G. Kioper. Spp|-||i |»aff; O. T, Clark, J. B. Fraser, J. S. Keeler. Cold Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Ramsdell. Associate Editors
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Siess: Office Manager: Lee Bosson^r. I.roea] AdvertiHing Managers: K. K. Gjemre. K. E. Saxton; Cireulatipn Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phonj^: fiiliforial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Reprcsentjitives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
iSiiUtlri Boyni«.n
l»»ue Editor: Boiswinkle Sports Editor: Fraxer
Keportora: llaKB, Lauer, Wilbur, Ochiltree, HotTiiiaii, Wickurd, Kclineidcr. Eckstein, W'olf.
HELD OVER! THRU SATURDAY BY POPULAR DEMAND*4^
"I
Torrid Weekend Gai^^ ^ * Vi'k*f5^
THMrsd^y, Unu^ry 22, 1942
3
M0l ..„, itWKgji ; >■
grr; tJir-'jis;aji'a'^.!!r*
il lh llriflleM
■ Sjituffday,'jatiiaary wort, the, Bpilei’maker pod in th|,.tKi0l|^p^se; is to, fot idled &e giigt time this season :^ith .rtV lejlitiirtfte swimming meet, when ithe^' Boiiermakei' swimming tertmi-pleya; host ;|o the tank squad fjom;;, ]^l9hj^.n:v,Stete,i ■; Heretofore the Water in the pool hSS f»ad tp he d^Jt|pt ^i^' strictlj^ iititi;osqug,^ sWi^rtiirtttksjhefi; last' sem OW Fo« ' ' ''; S’trt.te -'^ome.^'. -.tlwrt. tp the’ltl^.^eir campus With practically the ^m,i6J'Squad that the Boilerrtn^j^et^y^iirtirthrs had the pleasufe Of!%O^Oinjifei^h :seasdh: 45, to ^p; hoWh)rehJ;::'si)^||i|('^!;|)evr. h^k a,d|4<i'in^tSe lorith^'o^ practice and a nevf swinimihspoach wh^ hae succeeded rtidkihg quite a riartie fojp himself and the teams heill^pqftcl^,,, kk. •■ _‘^|(iA^reek is this ' new' IVJimmrtu ..State a graduate j^iehigam .For quite gmdpating from Midjj^^ijim ■ ^Pi^fihed .th,o Ssttlg Creek H|gh,/^chbol, Battle Creek, Mich., Whetf ;% bhi^hfethiWm^ rt pr|sitiW h^j^er of re'cmji: breaking tp|iih8. yl^jjut'th^, .^jme; |ij^ . ^lupini pf •^ftiversil;p"'go,t;' iyind of:fehi?y.g 9mMm pfeUity, and pr^OOee'dhdklh ^P .Iowa S^ie''ebhtfact' as sWimming coach. G^ahlie' did' all right for himself dv^liig his starykat Iowa, yplem hve c^sephtiVe .Big Six GOnferepce ^.^j^ATR^NIi^ls'-EXPONEiif?' ;k ' :^DVERTISER& l^pppppt^^ |kk: br. A. M* IHon § P'k ,;■■;■■ kl l i^Vi Notthwistern-Ave. ■ .5 »’•••’■•'' ■ j.' s si Fhbnb 4965 S
Twtk
Tickets Elistfihutipn of student reserved tickest for th.e three hpip.e basketbaU games with Iowa, Northwest^ erli and Winconsin will stai’t MondayV japuary 26 at t)ie Fieldhpuse ticket office. The distribution schedule, by Glasses, wifi be as follows: J^pdayT-rSepiprs Tpesday-r-Juniors Wednesday—Sophomores Thursday—Freshmen Passports must be properly stapjped, .showing registration for the cupsopt senja^toP) order to be honored for tickets.
swimming championships look like hay. And now said MacAffree is coaching the swimming team that the Bpi|ermakers meet a week from Saturday; Lose Men Although the Riveters splashed water that hore them to victory all over ph® Spartans last ypai;, and intend to dp the same this sea.son, the loss of five excellept swiipmers from tha , Boilei’maker squad at registration time is to be seriously taken ipto cppsidaration. flohnny Dilley is c.onsidered by men who know' swimming best, to be one of the three best backstrokers in the country, his loss would be a setback to any aquatic squad; and Claud LaBa'vy, Joe Hazelwood, Jack Carney, and Bill Snepd who make up almost a swppming team thems,elyes are gone. ,
M E. MOREHOUSE D^AIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
^ ■ By phil' iqhns!^ ^ PY^ins ■ FrAwn k ■ ./. For?all of j’^ou whe havp the idea that basketball pnd scholarship don/t mix, or that all hardwood players are usually not of high scholastic abilr ity, We giye you the report of the past seinester's .tea'nt''grades by the' registrar’s office. The average index of the 17 members of the vapSity squad for the past hchiester is offieiaily listed as 4-09. This mark is considerably abpye the all-school.ayeypge, and certainly is; .an indication of the type of players which compose the sqpad this season. Two of the squad,' Al Mcnke and John Conrad, heaJ thp groUp fey making the distinguished student rating. Al iS a sophbmdre ,engine.er and John is a senloi’ Ag student. Most of the team Pun ,a ghod stfopg diOP. It’s a smart team you’ye gpt there, Mr. Lambert. ► A Of Fo,pi;' memi?e^a Pf the shuad .vjholhave been playing in a relief role during the early part of the season are showing great promise in the practices this tveek, and are making strong bifls for more'playjng time with the number one five. The quartet we hayl?ki.l? *^ihd'i^ Ru^y'jOa-^.sjon, Howard Hoffman, Cecil Polk, and John Conrad, e Lawson and Hoffman have been hitting- the bucket quite regularly this week, and if they can hold: up withk^bhelr iJef^Ajlve assignments they’re sure pf seeing plenty of action. Reserve strength, the point which is considered the caiv.e for Northwestern’s |ogr gapi^ slpn;(i,'^hpuld not be a factor with the Boilermakers the rest oj ,the 'scaSOn.; ' ' k '■ ► John 0fIvin Tosses In Hat ^ ^ Gridder John. Ga}vjn I'ftfi hpen put,for the team for several days now and his style of play gives promise that he may be able io push some pf the boys for some playing time of his own. His shooting eye has been keen this past week and he seemS to be able to keep up ■with the best
of them. '
► Freshmen Put On Show A qujntet of Dutch Fehrihg’s freshmen squad made their first appearance against the varsity last evening, and a very favorable showing it yvas. The yearling sqpad, composed of Ehlers, MeVey, Hbhoemmer, Lange, and Kircheval displayed a nice passing and acoi-ing. attack to 'match the'varsity basket for basket. The height of this frosh squad gave them the key to. what is, in our opinion, the weakest point in the Boilermaker^ attack this season, rebounds. The freshmen were taking m.bst of them from both backboards. Beware, varsity^if the freshmen can get that many, what’s going to happen when ypii face a taM team like Northwestern or Illihois. They don’t just fall into waiting hands. ' ► Chicago Season-—Sad As Us|i«ll A couple of weeks ago we had occasion to correspond with the sports editor of the Chicago Maroon, Warner Baum. Upon closing the epistle we gave him our best wishes for the remgin,d,er pf the season, Yesterday Werner answered the letter, ending it with, “ThSnks for your best wishes for the season, but it looks awfully sad, as usual.’’ We could almost hear him sigh. '
US tuai me man ■i to 1 t:iit ■ in the Service wants to keep ijQ . . hr h" 'f' h ■■ h; J ' ■ ■ , r . i with the news and gossip of the Purdue campus. Win his heart with a suhseription to the best of all college papers
Witlj Sft^rdely tijfili jVeej^s remaining hpfpl'® the opening pf tho Boiler^A^er’s jpdppr track sggsOh Coa/ch I|®rrt?,hrt lips hfts designated h.e.5f|t Saturday, January ^4> fts ^he date for the 3^^ nual fresh»Mart-ya?6ity hauffiedpmeet jyhkh yUJ start at j3.;00 p,min the Fjeldhouse. Conditioner In addition to being an excellent cohditioner for the impending indoor campaignj this meet affords a welcome relief to the monotony of the regular weekday practice woi'kouts and by means of the friendly rivalry involved it promotes a hetter mental attitude in the sqtiad as a’whole. ■ ■ gasi?d WPPb B?^st performances pf each nian involved, a set of handicaps ^ill be compiled fpr . every event tp be run and proportioned fairly among all the members of the squad. For example, if one njkn has been copsistently beaten in the lohyard dgsh al.l Seasop by one pf his 'teani mates then that man 'Will be allowed an advantage of something like five or ten yards on that pafticular eyent. Events Listed The meet, will include all of the events normally associated vvith indoor track', which means dashes, middle distances, mile run and field events. The complete list of events
follows:
100 yard dash 440' yard dash 880 yard run Low Hurdles Hierh hjirdl^s One mite run Two ihile run> . Kelay ' » ,
Pole valut High jump Shot put
Broad jump . The indoor track s.chedule ■yyill officially open for the Riveters when they travel tp Chicago to nieet the Maroons on February 7. One week later, on February 14, the University of Illinois plays host to .the lliinbis Relays and the Gold and Black harriers will be carrying their colors in that nvet. Pol lowing an open date, the Riveters match strides vvith Ipdiana at Bloomington on February 28.
ByEdKarpick Big Ten basketball had a very busy weekend with eight of the teams playing'a pair of games. Only the two Hoosier schools did not participate in the activity. With the season in its early stages, these two games made a great differeni^e in the Conference standings. Illinois continued in first place without a defeat to mar its record, but the second spot which was formerly shared by four of the teams is now in the sole jaosses.sion of Minnesota. Jllini Surprise Illinois is proving the surprise of the conference, because they continue to dominate the race ■with an Inexperienced team. The Illihi should get even tougher as the seasoh progresses and the team gains in competitive experience. One of the reasons for the success of the teaih thus far is that they have a well balanced club with each of several performers capable of carrying the scoring load. Their tqp marksman so fgr has been big Andy Phillip, sophomore guard, but no single player has consistently been top man. Minnesota’s Golden Gophers have taken undisputed possession of second place by virtpe of their pair of weekepd wins. Their victims were Michigan-and Chicago, ninth place occupant and cellar dweller respectively, in the Wolverine encounter Mattson led the point makers with a 13 poiiit total, and on Monday night JaroS really had a field day against the defenseless Maroons V^ith an aggregate of 25 points being chalked up to his credit. The Gophers hold second place over the Boilermakers on the strength' of those two Weekend victories. Both^ teams have lost only one game, Min-" nesbta bowed to Noi-thwestern at the start of the season, while the
GppHer Cpqich
Dave MacMillan,'who this yeaf is starting his fifteenth season as coach at Minnesota, will hold the reins next Monday night in the Fieldhpuse when the Gophers are here for a crucial Big Ten game. MacMillan in 1912 played with the famed. New York Celtics where he learned the fast-break style of ball which has since been adopted by nearly all the teains in the couptry. He w.as coach of the University of Idaho before taking up his duties at Minnesota in 1927.
You'll score a hif wit+i
• One of Liicieu Lelong’s hrigbtest,most adventuresome colognes — sparkling with the daring of Robin Hood liimself. A rollicking fragrance, worth a queen’s ransom—but modestly priced indeed.
DECKER’S
I
518-20 Main Sf.
Phone 5036
aa the only blot on tlfeVea.'wrt’’rt »e«^ ord- Those two addM irkioriirtK the m tage doldwn; ' Ba4$et Von^$ . , Wisconsin's defap^ing
have
and :are' .' are'capa&|e ' they have gairtkd q ,
■ three 'wj|y tie; urday night,
Northwestern opt |«d!% 5^-
onjd^ place, in the
son's J,*? points wefe pe the Badgers in tfda
Monday against the WoIverm|ig,;^ Miohigan Johnny Hop retnfi^^
his usual role of
point maker with a nc^t^ - Now that the Badgers * their winnjng prays it ■WiB tsM <0 make the race even closer has been so far this seasdn. ' * ' v After a spectaculai' Start ffe ifes season’s conference play, the Wiljfc - cats of Nort^wpstefn l^ve fi-om their spot amofig the Their two weekend ventures WOte hapless ones, and there wejre cat rooters apleirt^ m room arter Monday night’s tussfe" had brought them ^o^er defegti They dropped a cibo|e'''^^isiOn to Wisconsin, the seote^Wllrtg 49-4A, but on Monday ni^t'toOk it on the chin . this time '% V'l51-ii cortjd^' ’ . t"
Otto ijraham^^gK
onidret ^ap';y6r‘^Hijttle suc^ss the floor with; a total of'Bye,
pbinters in' the ,
of home Co'nsolatioh' fo the ;Wude^&^ was the sniping of Russ Weh(MAl[,,.
His weekend total of
against Wiscohsin and 16 pojirtfs;
a'gainst Ohio State has
to third place among Big Ten:. makers. ■ : Iowa also had their share of j^ef
over the weekend. Qn_ night they dropped a to Ohio State, and qn
became' victim Popher.ATO^ to .
leading Illini by scoreBoth games were of the,
tuck variety, so that a fejy*
might just as easj^
of victory in favop of Hje eyes. Ohio State has begun to plgy’’'' winning ball without :,ani; hej^W^ ‘ the scoring column from the
ly potent Dick Fishbr. Gecowets has proven
strong right artti in the. ' drive and at the present .'timfe:.^-., cupies fourth blgce in the.'Bfg
goring race. ' ' . .:1/;V ,
Alas, Chicago : ; ■ ■ ; Little c.qn be sgid fm: tbf .@11^
two conf erehce teams *
only ope Victory ; defeats, -while iQhioagpJ)^;^^^; feats and a goose pgg w fhp -WW' - column. Both teams dropped g.pjijp.' of decisions oyer the wegkepdk fact which'did not have , on their respective standip^^Nu , - A summary of the • ers follows. The Boilelipa^i^’ Frosty Sprpwl slipped do’^njbc Kst of point makers because of the weekend lay off while qT ti§ leaders had two gam^S .a44 fP their totals. .
' ' ‘ 'G EG '
Kotz.v ’Wisi;o^in 6 pS' ' Graliaifl, >forfhwe§tgr!i ..S 2a . Si Wendland, Northwestern ..(5 ^5. Ueepwetsi tihio State ....... ...S ’ 21'; 12 ji-. phfl|ip', iiiihpjs 2s,' la. 59;
'i/
Siegel, loWa ''5.:,..,..,,:.,'.'. ' If, if ? 56' guhl, Jpwa ' „.fi' aS-' 4” Sj Chapman, towa? ,..,,.....6 2t; ll',
Smith, l^inijespta 19''li| SG '.
Ajax,' Minnesota ; . ..6 24. -S- 88 Mandier, .Mietiigan 6 ' 20 Sprowl, Pur4uje 22 t 'SI Classon, Northwestern ' 1$ 15 .51
Jaros. M}0,>ipsdta Mattson, Minnesota
--fi
IM Schedutei
FRATEHN1T.Y TABLE TEl>lt<IS : ' 4 :15 Today 1. Delta Chj.ut Tap Epsilon Phi... 2. Phi 'Delta Thfehi vs 'pinner ot above 2, Phi Kappa Pst vs mpha Chi,Kha ?; ■1. P|ii Gansma Delta ys^ winner of above 5. Pr Kappa Phi vS Tati Kappa Epsiloh :: B. Lambda Chi Alplja ys winner of abovo T; Ka'ppd Sigma’ ys Delta"Tau Delta 8. Siuma Alpha Ma vs''winnpr of above.
Court T:«U
8 :00 8:15'
BASKETBALL
Thursday; lahiiaryr 22 : .
1 ■ ' . ,
Cary Hall'2?Vs'-ea:A’'lfaU 11 Cary Hhll-f 'ys fflrfjf-'tWl 13
Uattery. J£l—Practjice Tail EBsilihi phi vs Tau' ,
.app’a EP-
Court
7:00 7 :15 8:00 8:15
Court
7:00 7:15
silori Pitaetice
Gates;"- ■
Cary Hall-s’lA Gary'Hall 6 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Bs-fi 5 Theta Chi vs 'I’heta'Tuu :
Gartid)
'rbeta ki‘vs 'Ftian^e : Stevens -fv:..!,--3 '.L.”''-?;,
Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Mtl, St - ; Cary Hall 8 vs Cary HaB 12 r , Ward 26 vs Ward 13 Traattt^V Ward 8?vd Ward 2 ’Picacrt*«)i
Secor'' ' -• ■ U' ■ " ■ ' " ' '
Csity Hall 7 Va Cpry Hall-Ift : l;.:;
Batteiy S4 Practice G^e
Barnard
8:00 Phi Delta Theta ys? Dat^;:H4lailftar' ■ Barnard & Kypner' ' XSeihi b’iliPUI 8:15 Sigiha Ghi VS Pin. Kappa Taii . ; * l!ari)alrd & l^pnOy : ;'<SenilATaM> InteifEqMiiy Bowi^
t, s i'-.-■ r'Thursday—8':$* Triangle vs’Defta Tau Delta
Phi Kappa Psi vs Tau E-^siloii Phi
T[ieta Xi vs Tau Epsilon Phi
Sigirta Alpha jEpsilon vs Phi Kappa 16 Kappa :'Pht vs Phi Kappa Tau ,
■ ", 8':4S' ' Sigma Nu vs Delta Upsilon
Lambila Chi Alpha vs Pi Kappa Atphi Kappa Delta Rho vs Alpha Sigma Pst ] Theta Xi vs Sigma Pi ' • Beta Sigma Psi vs Phi Delta Theta, Note: Phi Sigma Kappa. Phi mmpa ma. Tau Kappa Epsilon, Alpha CM KM will not bowl this weik. • , '
'■Jti/
6 \
’ I i
}“
ilstdinen To Hold Canners Convention CAA Lowors Agc limit
To 19; Courses Begin
int Mixed Activities Program Tomorrow I Sj^ortswomen will sponsoi the IwSt mixe4 i-ecreation piopiam of the jretir ftofii 7 30 to 9 tomoiiow in the Memoual Gymnasium BadtaimJ^n, shuffleboard, deck tenfiis, volleyball, and ping pong may be played at the same time vith 'the All-Star Volleyball game which atarts at 7 30 Guaids will be at the pool foi mixed swimming foi one hoin from 8 to 9 p m , qnd dancing to recoided music will be held fiom
9 to 10
Both men and women are in\ ited but they must weai iiibbei soled shoes while playing games on the gyln floor. Men who swim must use suits supplied bv the PEW depait ment, foi which thei e is a chai ge of ten cents cfh (t COwl Oip. JtuA. (jJsisJl
Disease Prevention Indiana’s cannei s, fieldmen and faimer'! will hold then fifteenth annual convention on the Univeisity campus Febiuar'v 3 and 4 Fcatuiing the tomato plant, all phases of the Clop’s planting, giowth and hai vesting will be discussed The tomato plant disease con feience will open the gatheiing on Tuesday moining R E Lincoln will speak on the “Piesent Status in the De\elopment of Disease Resistant Tomato Vaiieties” Disease Control ‘Tomato Seed Tieatment and Disease Conti ol’ will be the topic of an addiess by R W Samson The afternoon’s piogiam will be given ovei to a discussion of the 42 canning piogiam and its appli cation to Indiana Wednesday morning, pea pioduc♦^lon will be discussed In the afteinoon. Fled Geise, of the Ameiican Can Company, will lead a discussion of the Hot Stove League Dinner Wednesday The highlight of the convention w ill be tbe Sons O’ Soil Dinnei, to be held on Wednesday evening Sons and daughteis of John Purdue will be heaid and the “Cannei’s Wail” will again be seen Special guests will be Governoi Heniy F Schrick Cl SOS ’36, and King of Abysm nia and His Retinue h e Frosh Coed Petitions For AWS Due Friday, Need 25 Signatures Petitions foi candidacy of fiesh man lepi esentative of AWS foi second semestei must be in by Fii day at 6 p ni rieshmen woipen m terested m AWS activity woik should piesent a petition with 25 signatures with a photograph of the candidate to AWS office oi A nes McC iillou,,h at the Wood
Ilall office
Llections of the lepiesentatives w ill be held m the lobby of the Un ion on Wednesday Jan 28, fiom 10 a m to 5 p m Passpoits aie iiec css in and all fieshman women
ma^ \ ote
Tnc petitions should lead as foi lows We the undeisigned do .heiebj nominate for the jiosition cf fieshman icpiescnta
Seven fraternities weie honoiin. tne oi the AWS Executive Board their membeis in the national seiv the second semestei of the yeai jcC by seivice flags The flags weie 42, followed by 25 signatuies divided into two paits, the uppei of fieshman w omen alw
half containing a blue stai on a
white backgiound The lowei half Irthn Sh/hdCalcar contained a white stai foi each YY nGGlGr membei with the foices Gold stais qe ^4 signified that the membei had been ehgineeis’ coips of the United killed Mateiial foi the Univeisity states Aimy at Camp Shelby, Missel X'lee flag, which would contain sissippi, and membei of the boaid ovei 1,200 stais had been delajed gf tiustees of the Univeisity is
heie attending the boaid meeting and today will speak befoie the 28th annual load school on ‘What Maneuveis aie Teaching Us About
Mihtaiy Highways ’
Building a fleet of conciete ships was offered by a convocation speak gr as the logical solution to the pioblem confionfing the nation of building a gieat manx ships foi im
mediate use
“Men who in pievious times could not be induced to w eai w oolen socks now find that then spindle shanks will not be comfoifable in pnythmg less than than hand knitted half hose All '=uch hand knitted appaiel woin bx cuili ns should signifjf a badge of dishonoi
stated an editorial
Front page cuts earned captions “Fats aie fuel foi fightcis, boil bake, bioil moie frx less Keep yoiu looms at 6S degiccs si\e jcoal. Uncle Sam needs it ’ Chick en fat is often wasted the ’’ irnch housew ife thinks it is the finest foi
shoitening cakes
Next Week At Airport Accoiding to a wiie leceived yesteiday by G Stanley Meikle, dilector of reseaich lelations with industiy xvho is in charge of the CAA flight training progiam foi the government, the age limit for students who wish to enioll in the CAA tiainmg piogiam haS*been loweied to 19 yeais New Program He also announced that a new CAA piogiam would stait next week at the University airpoit, and that alieady 19 students had applied foi the piimaiy com sc work and 9 had signed up for the sec ondaiy tiaining, the next step aftei the piimaiy tiaining peiiod Tins”piivate pilot tiaining piogiam sponsored by the Civil Aeionautics Authoiity began at the Um veisity aiipoit in the spring of 1939, and has piovided flight training foi close to 400 students Officials expect the emollment in the couise to inciease gieatlv as a lesult of this new loxveiing of the age limit m j 1 Mueller Completes Plans Of New Motor Special high speed motois deliv eiing three hoisepowei xveie le cently designed by Pi of G V Muellei, of the School of Electiical Engineeiing foi Robbins and Meyeis Co, Spimgfield, Ohio Designs foi the motois weie completed bji^ Piofessoi Muellei while he woiked ioi Robbins and Meyeis last summei and duiing Chiistmas
vacation
The motois which opeiate on 180 cycle cunent and at 10,000 levolu tions pel minute xveie developed foi use in the national defense pio giam in pioccsses which demand a laige output oi powei foi a compai atively small amount of space Dm mg the same peiiod Pi of Muellei also designed scveinl conxentional motois opciating at 1 800 1 p m foi use in defense pioduction kgi PI A Tea Dance will be held in the noith bill loom oi the Union this batuidax iiom 3 until 5 30 p in Student will be admitted upon the piesentation of a PIA caid 01 ten cents Coeds will be admitted iicc Music will be fmnishcd by lecoidings 1 I m
Placement Notes ror Women Radcliffe College announces two fellowships of $600 each foi training in personnel administration foi next yeai Fuithei infoimation may be obtained by writing to the college or calling 2955 The Civil Service representative who IS speaking this afternoon xvill be in loom 108 of the Mechanical Building instead of the Chemical Engineering building as announced pieviously Interviews may be ai langed after the gioup meeting Swift and Co aie inteiested in talking with women who have had secietaiial and statistical training Inteiested women may sign up in the Placement Service for interviews which will be scheduled by the Peisonnel Office For Junior Women U S Civil Seiv ice Commission announces exams foi student aid in engineeiing, po litical science, public administration and statistics Applications must be on file at Washington, D C , not later than Febiuaiy 3 Further in foimation may be obtained by call mg the Placement Service foi Wo
men, 2955
G. E. Representatives Will Visit University To Interview Students Representatives of the Geneial Elect! le Company xvill be on the campus on Febiuaiy 2, 3 and 4 to inteiviexv senioi engineeis and othei
students
On the lattei two days lepiesen tatives fiom the Foit Wayne plant oi the film xvill d,scuss a training piogram which xvill be instituted foi specialived work xvith Geneial Electiic The two months course is open to all interested seniors, coveiing woik in methods and planning, faetoiy layout, tool design, factoiy engineering, rate and time study and process engineering Students Interviewed . Juniois sophomores and fresh men will be intei viewed, as the com paiiy IS looking for undegiadnate students for pait-time xxoik dining the summei Professor J. H. Karr IS designing light weight an cidtt motois foi the Robbins and Mcyei s Company of Spimgfield II linois while on leave oi absence Iiom the School oi Flcctiical Engi neciing „
Dr. T. K, Cowden of the Farm Management Department spoke yesteiday m Toledo, 0 , to three separate meetings of the Ohio Milk Distributors’ Association, Ice Cream Manufactuiers and Butter Manufacturer s The subject of each talk was “Planning for the Time Ahead,” as it affected each
group
Senior Coeds* Pot Inforihation regarding the Civii Service examination for positions as junior technologists call at the Placement Service for XiVomOn Phone number 2965 —SMITH PIA Members Petitions will be accepted for Secretary and Women s Social Chairman of PIA before Monday Ian 26 4 pm Ex ccllcnt oppoitunily for experience — EIDEK
Notices
GE 11 and GE 12 The examination foi the removal of C and I grades in GE 11 and GE 12 will be given Saturday Jan 24 from 1pm to 4 p m in room 401 of the Michael Golden Shops , —RISING Chemistry Major Seniors Those desirious of getting a job should report at my of fice loom 422 Chemistry building and advise mo of their tiaining desires as to employment and information helpful in
placing them
A number of assistantships are available for the coming school year in the depait ment of chemistry Those students intei ested should lepoit to my office at once
—DEGERING
Exponent Editorial Coeds New schedule IS posted in the office Please check it and report on days assigned —ROSE All Military Students The two weeks make up period for thixse entitled to make up absences in first semester will include the weeks of Jan 6 to 10 aUd Jan 21 to 1 tb 3 No absences fiom dulls during the first semester should be made up during the week of Jan 14 to 20 Students having C oi I grades will ascertain what is re nuirel of them by comint, to the Armoiy office before making up absences t GRAHAM Westminster Foundation Skating party on Fiiday night January 21 from 8 12 30 Meet at the University Piesbyterian chillcb at 8 p m Refreshments and lians
poi tation provided
-CLARK
Code Classes Students who cm oiled in the military dept code and isdio instruc tion classes see bulletin board in mam hall of Armory for class rolls and sched ule Classes are now in piogrcss , —Lf BURKHART All Students Theie will be a skating par ty at Maple Point Fiiday Jan 22 at 7 sO p m sponsored by the Lutheran Student As soention of America Cars will Icive the ea^t door of the Umin at 7 If Everyone is invited to attend ANTAL Biology Students Makeup exams in Bi ology 1 will be held Feb at 1 p m
ENDERS
AICIiE Student meeting Wednesday J in 28 in lopm 302 Chem and Met building —KRAYBILL
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT
Phone 4354
We Deliver
In an article ui ginj, the sending of xvoolen goods to the aimed foices, the editoi stated “Some fexv gentlemen persist in xveaimg the goigeously coloied sweaters as dn outer protection against the weathei in place of a coat, and it makes our heait giieve to think of the heat those sweateis xxould ifumish if they weie upped up and dyed and made into sxx eatei s foi the men in the ai my camps ” i w b
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK DR HAROLD ) RISK — DENTISTS 400-404 Schultx Bldg 4th and Mam St Lafayette
BEGINNER'S CLASS FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN Opens Wed., Jan. 28, 7:30 TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS Advanced Class Opens Thurs., Jan. 29, 7:30 p. m. P M Allen, Nalionally Known insfruefor Phone 2150 ENROLL NOW
ALLEN’S
6lh and rerry <
I know he’ll be on time ... That’s one reason I like him so well . . • He always calls for me in a YELLOW CAB — RATES — 1 Pssssexigor . 35c 2 Passciigei's ... 50c 3 Pas«4Ciigci*s . 75c 4 Passengers Phone 5023
Archery Club Important meeting foil ac tives and new members Mon Jan 26 at 4 15 p m in loom 104 of the Fieldhouse I JAMES Poultry Club All members plan to attend turkey dinner honoring judging team at Poultiy bldg Friday Jan 23 at 6 pm
See Paul Wagner or Pat
Exponent Ag Beat Staff Meeting Thims day Jan 22 at 4 30 P m in the Exponent office It IS essential that ymi be there New beats will he assigned Eveiy sophomore must keep up with his beat in oidci to qli'illfy toi junnr 1®° „
•—BRO* xl A
Registration Workers Students who worked for the registrar dining the tcc ond semester registiation may get then checks by calling at the Registrar s olfici
— STONE
Glider Club Mitting Thinsdiv Jan 22 in room 263 of the Union at i P Everyone bring dues — CAFI EE Pistol- Team Tryouts The following listed sophomores aie asked to tiy out for the pistol team Thuisday lau 22 at s pm HE Brooks R J Eastman U L Glaspie D B Glacier J N Heatei D C Heckard W Koestei E Madden D B Rus
sell C K Taylor
BROWN
New Students Call at the ticket office of the Fieldhouse fir your passports
—GOI DSMirH
XVAA Council Meeting Thursday Jan 22 at 4 4o p m in WAA room
PIDGLON
Rifle Club Meeting Thuisday Jan 22 in room 101 of the Fieldhouse Range master positions open This is impoitant —rADMAN AetiviLies Bureau Sophomores Please come hack we mi s you Meetini at 1 p m We Inesc ly J in 21 in the iffici SCHORNSiriN Rifle Club Miet in I i h'lioi i iifle range Saturday Jan 24 at 1 p m Big t ii match with Chicago Attendance is iiece-sarj — lAUMAN Exponent Coed Business Staff Sched iile IS as follows IVlond ly Cluk Keirn Riddell Elliott Tuesday Tost i Claik Riddell Payne Wialnesd y Foster Keim Payne Elliott Ilniisdiy Ri lilell Payne FHiott Priclay Fostii Clii! K im
—SIESS
Agricultural Education Society There will he 1 meeting fhiir day Jan ^2 at JO p m in room 212 of the Union Elec tion of offioiis will bo held All membeis
pi asc try to be present
CONRAD
Skull and Crescent All members desiring kiys must order them fiom Finnk Homlci < n 01 before S iturday Jan 24 —HEMLER
Gold Peppers Turn in signed passports to Union box at West Desk by Friday aftei nOOtt if you want tickets for the basketball games —MURPHV Scrivener Inactivcs, Attives and PteShmen Come to the Revival Meeting SatUJ day Jan 24 at 1 SO p m in the Scrivener Office No admission charge —DRAY Kappa Delta Pi Meeting Thursday Jan 22 at 7 p m in room 105 of the Education Building —HAYS Glider Club Meeting Thursday Jan 22
at 7 JO p m in Union Building
—SCHAKEL
Rifle dull Meeting in Fieldhouse Rifle Hani^c on Satin day Jan 24 ac 3 pm Bis leu match with Chicago Attendance is necegsaiy ‘—'TADMAN Lutheran Students Skating party will be held Fiiday Jan 23 at Maple Point Transportation will be provided leaving the Onion East door at 7 16 p m Anyone in-, vited -HADLEY ' All Electrical and AIEi^ Members So cial meeting on Wednesday Jan 28 at 7 30 p m in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building Sound film Cop per From Mine to Market will be shown Plenty of refreshments —KING Salesmaiiagers of the West Lafayette Book Buying Club Important meeting vyill ho held at Circle Pines Co op House at i p m Thursday Jan 22 Future poheiek of tliib to bo determined —HORTON
Alpha Lambda Delta Ping arc here Contact me at WPH South room 238 to- tie lange getting yours —CORNTHWAJTE WAA Tumbling call out on Thursday Jsn 22 at 4 p m Eveiyone come and be
come an acrobat
House Discussion Managers* Meeting Thursday Ian 22 at 4 p m in room S03 of the Union —BIESTER Dolphin Club Rough and formal initiations Sunday Ian 26 at 3 p m in the pool in the d leklhousc Pay fee to Wally Frank befoie then —HERR
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all ihiBkisi sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph woik done C J Ehersboff, 605 Main, Lafayette Phone 2779 Lost Slide rule Name engrayed in edge of Mile Betvvien FL huildjng and Uni V 1 ity stioit Reward Phone 36161
GOOD PRINTING at PAINLESS PRICES Mora Style for Les5 Money Kane's Print' Shop 401 S 29th St Phone 5205
//
KEEP 'EM FLYING
II
Uncle Sam ii» bending every effort to “Keep ’em Flying” We are using every improved method known in cleaning science to produce the finest dry cleaning service possible.
Top of the Hill
Southworth’s
COMPLETE TOBACCO DEPARTMEIT
ii
For Smokers Better Service’
featuring —
Pipes — National Brands — Tobaccos Cigars — Popular Cigarettes and Smoking Accessories.
Revelation, 1 Ih.
.SJ.49
Raleigh, 1 llr.
$ .69
Fi lends, 1 lb.
S .59
RaleigU, y. III.
$ .43
Veixet, 1 Hr.
.69
Union Leader, lb.
$ .39
Biiggs Kegs
.‘>1.29
Roiui Street, 1 lli.
$1.09
Bi’iggs Tins
.S .99
Dills Best
$ .69
Edgexvoi tli
$ .95
(AltOVL VltlCLS
7/I/S WLLK ONLY)
U. PORDUE BOOK & 80PPEE STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WeST LAFAYETTE, IND
Southworth’s •