D
i^4p
,. il i
i, ytfci ■
\ I
f¥ 41 I -T•—I'"" - X
pp
f-/
BOILERMAKERS In Next Games Anti-Trust Suit
SstobUshedlSSI
Xfixuie4ii ™ Are you voting‘s
EDITORIAL V Discusses War Council Reorganization
Volume 56, No. 107
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, January 27, 1944
Concert Violinist Will Play At Convocation
Asrp To Hold Dance After Commencement By T/6 Morns Better When unofficial wtSrd circulated last week that there was to be a “military ball” in conjunction with the AST graduation ceremonies, a few romantic and uncontrolled hearts went pit-a-pat. A few less gullible souls raised quizzical eyebrows The romantics had premature visions of decollete evening gowns, corsages and name-band mu
Three Day Road School Ends With War Supper
sic. The skeptics entertained doubts that the policy of “no' formals” for the duration should suddenly be reversed Be it known, skeptics and romantics to the contrary and notwithstanding, the first Univer sity “militai’y ball’ in more than a year will take place in the Union’s north ballroom tomorrow night, immediately aftei AST commencement exercises at the Music Hall I Outstanding Event In past yeais the military ball (without quotes) was the fiist and perhaps most outstanding event of the School yeai Sponsoied by Scabbard and Blade and the Purdue Older of Military Meiit, two military honoraiies suspended for the duration, the ball was a colorful event which brought topnotch or chestras to the campus Extensive preparations, pomp and ceremony characterized the occasion Flagraising ceremony, the grand march, presentation of initiates and the “arch of sabers” ritual supplement ed the dancing The last such dance, held in November, 1942, featured the bands of Art Jariett and Reggie Childs Tickets, if you could get them, rated two and a half per Coed hours were extended until 2am and, as a notable concession to the fact that there was a war going on, was the supplanting of fioral corsages by war-stamp corsages Days Are Gone Those days are gone, and, for a while yet, will be In contrast how ever, and stripped of its frills and pother emerges the military ball of a new and more genuine nature The flourish and splendor are cheeked for the duration and unpretentious mixing and fun is the keynote For the record—dress will be in formal, no corsages, the name band Will consist of T/5 Hal Cooper man and the University’s own AST dance band, no extension, alas, on coed hours An extra war stamp! See Union Story Saturday Phi Delta Kappa Calls First Meeting Of Year Phi Delta Kappa will meet for dinner this Thursday at 6 30 p m in Cynthia Jones hall at the West Lafayette Baptist Church Dinner reservations should be sent to J Roy Leevy of the educa tibn and applied psychology department today Sihce this is the fiist meeting of the year all members are encouraged to come and bung a School teacher or another friend Theme of the meeting will be post war planning for vocational educa tion, and guest speaker will be Clyde Cunningham, superintendent of city schools, Attica, Ind Cunningham will be accompanied by Ml Dickey, superintendent of Hai rison Steel Castings plant of Attica Burr To Discuss Post-War Plans Prof I W Burr of the mathematics department will speak on “Post War Rehabilitatpsn” at the University Town Meeting today at 6 46 p m in the Wesley Foundation Interest in this senes of talks on current problems has been increas ing steadily, as evidenced by the large attendance at the last two meetings All who are interested in these group discussions are invited
Gold Diggers' Ball Will Initiate Coed id Dances Feb. 5 AWS, Mortar Board Sponsor Annual Event Fust coed dance of the semester will be held Saturday, February 5, from 9 to 12 p m in the north ball room of the Union it was announced yesterday The affair will be sponsored jointly by Associated Women Students, governing body for coeds, and Mortar Board senior women’s honorary Tickets for the dance are on sale this week and may be purchased for $110 from members of AWS social committee or executive board Novel Corsages Not in Order The dance will be an informal affair as has been the practice for Gold Diggers’ balls since 1941 This yeai, however, novelty corsages which coeds formely made for their dates will not be in order since ser vice men are not allowed to wear them The tradition of the dance will be continued in that coeds will still take the initiative in inviting their guests Theme of the evening will be leap year and Valentine’s day Pat Patterson, social chairman for AWS, is in chaige of the dance Are you voting? See Union Story Saturday Stags Are Admitted To PI A Dance Tomoriow night, from 8 30 until 11, the Independent Association will sponsor its fourth record dance of the season in rooms 355 and 363 of the Union In contrast to the previous date dances, stags will be admitted to this dance Girls coming stag will be admitted without charge, while the admission for men stags and couples will be 26 cents PIA members and dates are admitted free Attendance at these record dances, which were planned to provide Friday night entertainment, has been increasing and PIA plans to sponsor more of them in ratio with continued student interest Remmers Names Deadline^ Date For Scholarship Forms Satuulay Pebruaiy? is the deadline foi the filing of state scholar ship applications lipm Indiana counties in the competition for scholarships to the University Ball State Teacheis College Indiana State Teacheis College and Indiani University Dr II H Remmers an nounced today The number of appointees is usually limited to two per county for each of the four state colleges State scholars are appointed on the basis of scholarship and supeiior mental ibility and fees amounting to “pSO 01 irioie are gianted by the respective institutions to the winners High school piincipals were asked in December to begin then selection of candidates on the basis of fouiyear recoid in high school and cer tain tests Chau men of the scholarship committees aie Registrar C L Murray, Ball State Teacheis College, Registiar Haiiy E Elder, Indiana State Teacheis College, Di Eiank R Elliott Indiana Uiiivcisity and Prof II II Reminds of the Uni vcisity
Let the grass be green again'
Prospective Air Wacs Meet With Officers From Stout Field
Prospective jeer uits for the new ly organized an Wacs met with Capt Edwin Stem, public relations officer at Stout Field and Lt Elea nor Garlow, commanding officer of the Wac department of the troop carrier command at Stout Field yes terday afternoon m room 263 of the Union College graduates are especially urged to join the Wacs and if they have acquired leadership qualities the chance for officers’ candidate school IS good However, all officer candidates aie selected from the ranks and every qualified Wac has an oppoitunity to compete for this section It has been estimated by the AAF tiaining command that approximately one fourth of the Wacs have attended college Wac’s pay is the same as the Army’s, which means greater pay with every pi emotion Master sergeants make up to $138 a month Medical and dental care are avail able without cost Capt Stem and Lt Garlow may be reached at the Fowler Hotel un til Friday, and all women interested m joining the An Wacs may arrange for interviews Lt Garlow invited students to spend a day at Stout Field to expeiience a day of the Wac’s life Satisfaction of Wacs was expressed as being a factor highly important m doing a successful job
PIA Officers Appoint New Board Members; Take Office Tuesday Eight new board members were appointed by the recently elected PIA officers last Monday night The new chairmen will take over their offices at the next meeting, Tuesday, February 1 at 4 30 p m The new chairmen are as follows Political Thomas Hale, social Daniel Pliske and Betty Jane Riboidy, activities, Stanley Leszczynski and Mary Ann Diesslm WBAA David Liang, publicity, Charles Whistler, membeiship, Paul Zmola Francis Bryant, Student Cooperative Association president and honorary board member representing SCA, aided m the selection of can didates The candidates submitted petitions last week All new members except Pliske, Whistler and Zmola have had previous positions on the PIA board Debris Pictures Appointments for organizations to have pictures taken to night, Thuisday, January 27, will be postponed two weeks Pictures will be taken as scheduled Thursday February 10
Tonight, before a crowd of approximately 300 men attending the thirtieth annual road school of the University, Col William Carey gave the closing address of the conference at a banquet in the Presbyterian Church in Lafayette The banquet brought to a finish one of the most important sessions of the yearly conference The Hon Henry F Schricker, governor of the State of Indiana, paid tribute to the fine work the University is doing in preparing future engineers for the problems of the post war world He praised Dr E C Elliott, president of the University, who acted as toastmastei for the after dinner speakers, for his fine work at the University Plans for Post War Construction Col William Carey spoke on the subject of “Planning for Post War Construction” as the mam address of the evening Col Carey is m the Coips of Engmeeis, U S Army, acting m the capacity of chief engmeei, fedeial woiks agency, m Washington, D C Col Caiey stressed the need for definite planning now for highway construction after the war He ex plained how vital the problem was if we expect to put the returning war veterans to work immediately following the close of the war These plans aie not the kind that can be made up in a few weeks or months or even a year but they ar e ef. the type that take at least two years to complete, the colonel told his audi ence Federal Appropriations Over $6 000 000 has been appropriated by the federal government for the purpose of financipg these plans, yet at the present time only half of the money has been used Since the money was appropriated over two years ago rt is quite evi dent that the program is not being taken as seriously as it should be, were the words of Col Carey He stated that it was the job of every state, county, town and hamlet to help prepare these plans for highway constiuctiop after the war Right now IS the time to obtain the 1 ight of ways and do the surveying, he told the gathering Dr E C Elliott bi ought the banquet to a close by remarking that at the present time the University had m its possession over $6,000,000 worth of plans for post war construction ready for immediate use at the close of the war Discussion of Highway Projects At the concluding general session Samuel C Hodden of Indianapolis, chairman of the State Highway Commission of Indiana, discussed highway activities and post war plans, while Roy W Cium of Washington D C , director of the high(Continued on page 3)
Program To Include Purduettes, Glee Club Benno Rabmoff, violinist, and Sylvia Smith, his accompanist, will be the guest artists on Saturday’s musical organizations convocation which will begin at 8 p m in the Hall of Music. Appearing on the program will be the Purduettes, the Glee
Club, Choir and University Orchestra
Rabmoff was trained by
Leopold Auer, who also taught
New Chemical Laboratory To Replace Locomotive Plant
By Ann Aspeigci Recent plans foi the lemodclling of the locomotive testing plant into a chemical laboiatoiy foi special war time expeiiment ition has brought anothei problem to icst upon the shoulders of the bond of trustees as to the disposal of Ban dim No 4 The question of what to do with the locomotive—sci ip it oi place it in the museum—has many sides to be considered Ihe engine has been here at the Univeisity since 1891, has had a great deal to do with the advance ment of railways all over the conn tiy and has swayed the pendulum to point the way of establishing the University as a leading and out standing engineeimg school The back part of Heavilon Hill was the fiist site for cxpoiimenli tion on locomotives and the first on gine was placed there until a fiic damaged both the building and the
engine Howevei it was deemed impoitant enough to rebuild and w IS then pi iced in what was its locrtion for scveial years Dr Goss began his experiments on i modified engine six ye ns later iiid it w is through his many dis coverles some on boiler pressures, super he itod ste im and the design of the locomotives, that gained re pute toi the school as well is him sell Ihe yen 102 3 s iw anothei eh urge in the engine ind at this time the testing plint was seiapped due to its inadeqii ite size Although the piesent engine is not rltogethoi the original model due to periodic rebiiilding in out waid appearances it is almost the sami Reisons lor abindoning the 111 lehitu c vn be diieeted at the size loi this locomotive h is only two sets ot diiveis and has been out moded by larger engines Bee luse of the fuithei development ot locmotives
student expei inientation on this small machine was discontinued some time ago Ihe other side of the question, bowing to the sentiment il tiadi tions and values placed upon this situation would concern (he value to the war eftoit There are a num bei of tons of metal in the Bauclain No 4 If the locomotive is moved to the museum in b ick of the Chem le il Lngineeiing Building with oth ei pieces it will probably rust and become worthless for uses of any type while on the other hand it would undoubtedly be of some value to the piesent war demand for scrap metal lo d ite the board of trustees has 1 eached no publishable decision coneeining the future ot B uiclaiii and it has been moved out of the shed on temporary tracks while work on the eonveision of the building be-
fiins
Four Fill Positions On Junior Board Of Student Union Pres. Elliott' Makes Speech At Banquet Sally van Buskirk, Phi Mu, Bobby Jean Riggs, Chi Omega, Jane Scarif, Kappa Alpha Theta, and Carl Winkler, Beta Theat Pi, were selected as new members of the Student Union junior board in elections held Tuesday, January 25 Four students re ejected from the eight who had previously held junior jobs are Gmny Armstrong Chi Omega, Dick Haase, Beta Theta Pi, Roger Samuelson Phi Kappa Psi, and Dick Hupp Alpha Chi Rho Elliott Talks at Banquet ' Petitioners were interviewed on Tuesday by members of the electoral board which is composed of John Woolling, Mary Bowlby, Katie Gannon and L M Vallely, manager
of the Union
At a banquet which followed the interviews President E C Elliott gave a short talk in which he said that the Union should be used not only for recreation and a social cen ter but also as a means for enjoying music and art He also related the history of some of the painuings which hang m the Union An extra war stamp! See Union Story Saturday Committee Forms New War Council Heads of several student activities have formed a war council reorganization committee to revive the Student War Council, according to Nelda Reed, acting secretary of the committee They have scheduled the first meeting of the new council for 7pm tomoriow in room 355 of the Union In order to give fair representation to all campus groups the committee has devised a system of quotas which will give approximately every 200 students one voice on the council Each student activities gioup will send representatives who will be elected oi appointed, according to the wishes of the group By this system the committee expects to give anyone interested a chance to comment or offer suggestions on student problems through a representative ASTP Psychology Class Hears WMC Official Elliott French, field representa tive oi the apprentice training service of the War Manpower Coirrmis Sion gave a talk on ‘Apprentice ship” for the ASTP class in peison nel psychology at 1 p m Friday,
January 21
French explained that the appienticeship piogiani the purpose of which is to pioduce skilled me chanics is a necessary part ot a larger teehnical tiaining piogiani
oi the WMC
Oth^ lecent ■jpeakeis from WMC in the iiuliistiial peisonncl d iss have been C C Atwood P uil Mien Lew Miles ill ot the tiaining with in indubtiy division
Elman and Heifetz He began playing the violin at the age of three Rabmoff has made concert tours of Europe, Asia and Africa and has had many radio engagements His violin IS a Guar*
Faculty Group ol the Neweomei s Club will have i buppei meeting it the home ot Mis G Stinley Meikle biiiulav Januaiy 30 ind on Monday night, Febiuiiy 14 the faculty gioup will act lb hostesses to all neweomei groups of the Uiiiveisity Women's
Club
Benno Rabmoff noiius made in 1742 and foranerly owned by Fritz Kreisler On Saturday’s program Rabmoff is scheduled to play selections by Schubert and Kieislei as well as several light nunibei s Special Acts by Eckstrom, NitscAe Several specialties will be played on the show Featured m one of them will be Phil Erickson, AST, who formerly was a member of the Make Believeis, an act that originated the idea of pantomiming smgeis Anothei specialty will be Lucille Nitsche member of the Purduettes, who will dance Admission to the convocation will be the same as a regular convocation Tickets for the general public will be sold for 55 cents at the dooi Are you voting? See Union Story Saturday University Receives Gifts For Libraries Part of the personal libraries of the late dean of men, M L Fisher, and Dr Marion L Mattson of the home economics school have been given to the University by Mrs. Fisher and Dr Mattson’s father, Edgar L Mattson Dean F’shei’s collection of eight books and several hundred periodicals and bulletins concerning birds and trees has been presented to the forestry and conservation department Fisher was widely known as an luthoiity on buds and trees, having taken student groups on early moiniiig nature hikes Di Mattson’s collection of more than 1(j0 volumes has been given to the nuiseiy school library in the home economies school and will be used theie to fuithci the work of btudento uul parent's Activities Lists Due This Week
•
Alth High lit uK ot some student ictiMties hi\t submitted lists of thtu woiktis to the A.ctivities Buie lu m udei thit th^.y may be chtckcii loi ,^1 ult eligibility, lists lioiii ill itmiuurig activities are due thm week accoiduig to Faye I ijloi Activities Buieau executive. Aniiounccnient that luimgs regliding scholistic eligibility would bt cntoiccd was made on January 15 lu gtiieial i student must have I a o 5 cumulativt index m older to puticipatc 111 ictivities It is particululy impoitant that eligibility be checked betoie elections for jun* 101 uiii seiiioi jobs aie held/ V
-jPage 2
\
PurduS Exponent
-nUr. Hflv^ft^-^'taSrL
Thursday, January 27, 19^
Cdincil Reorganized •jhie reoigani7alion of the Student Wax Council has almost been completed Its fiist meeting is scheduled to be tonight in loom 355 of the Union This hist meeting \iill undoubtedly be all inipoi tant Mcmbeis of the council have been chosen in the most demociatic mannei possible on this campus, at least that vas the tlieoiy the Reel gani?ation committee had in mind when they laid then plans Each of seieial campus oiganizations A\as asked to elect oi appoint, depending upon the wishes of the group, one or moie lepiesentatucs to the Council The numbei of lepitsentatn es fioni each gioup \aiies with the size of the gioup If the system woiks out accoidiiig to theoiy, theie will be one lepiesentatne toi appioximatelj' each two In bed students on the campus Any noun'll ’e + ident can haidly avoid coming in coi itli a membei of the conn cil among his lilends Thus each person will ha\e an oppoitunity to make lecommenda tions and suggestions foi the improvement ol “status quo ’ to a pel son who will present these ideas to an active gioup inteiested in the welfaie of the students at the University Whethei oi not the sj stem functions sue cessfullv icmains to be seen The first two oi thiee meetings will be the most impoitant as fai as foiming expectations foi the success of the second wai council aie concerned At this meeting will be the members of the most ac tiv e gioups the gi oups most influential on the campus The lepiesentativGs who stait the ball rolling v-v ill be those who keep it rolling They will be the ones who help the students do a greater pait in the wai effoit The wai council will do its best to impiove faculty student relations These and seveial othei things the wai council can and w ill do if the students will let it In the final analysis the success of the council depends diiectly on the student body as a w hole The new Wai Council was something that originated with the students at the Opinions convo last Novembei At that time the students asked that the council be rejuvenated The students made suggestions foi its functions, and pointed out how it might be impioved Ihc students of the campus have elected oi had some pel son who alieady held elective office appoint the lepiesentatives Ii the student body will suppoit the council in its deci ion vv ill get behind it m its cam paigns and will keep the membership quota filled with active eneigetic ‘^tudent body leplescntativ cs, the students of the Univeisity w ill hav e an influential oigamzation which can take issue with and moie hcaitily cooperate with tho administiation Ihi^ is what the students asked foi It r theiis as long as they want it
wAsyim MW-60-ROUND By DREW PEARSON Democrafs May Rian RepubSican Davis Prepares To Byck GOP Freon Lack Minv Stop Air Cooling WASHING IC r is in nxiom thit politics make bti aiij^c bediellow ■, lute\cnso it would be stiange in deed if Scnatoi Piiddlci Jim Davis of Pennsylvania, Ion time Rej ublic in ind membci ot the Coolulge and Iloivei cabinets i an on the Dcmociatic ticket Howcvei exactly tint m ij happen is a icsult of the decision ol the Pew Giund / GOP m ichine in Penn syhania to dump iclcnn °eintoi Jim D ivis in this jcai s J’cpublican pnnaij I antastic is it sounds Demociatic leadeis aie sen ously thinking ol adoptiiif. Pud llci Jim as then can didatcJfi Scnatoi on i loin th teim ticket in Pennsyl vania This would mean that jiiesent plans to lun biilliant ex ronf,ic‘-sman James McGianeiy of Pennsylvania, now assistant to the Attoincv Genei il, as Senatoi would have to be abandoi cd Howevei don t be sin pn cd li anj thing happens—especially it Jtoo&evelt luns Jfii ifouithtcim Dcmociatic Icadeis Jiguie that Davis because of |jis lodge connections vould make an unlicatab'e com bination with Jioosciclt in the Kcjstone St ite The Pi(sidciit hasn t been sounded out jet but theie is no i( ison to ) clic c he will Down on the pioposal Dims is lighting mad it being pushed oveiboaid and IS jiicpiiing to i Liii IS in independent inyway li he loses in the GOJ^ piininv against Attorney Genexal James JJuli tin lAw Giundj candidate Meanwhile, do c filends n lie weulel welcome a biel fiom the De iiioei Its ote file two J-’enn j I vania Senatoi s Joe Guffey aiielJiniDivis though Demoe i at and Jiepubhean have become bosom Jilends Dans has gone down the line foi most oi Jtoosevelt s loieign ind w n policies Powerless Commission J he Inteistite t ommnee f e mmission s oiJieial le pe il on tl ( Kcent I in i in ti nn wieek in Noith Caio Ima nas 1 ow bee nil le 1 11 tl e mside i let is that the eommi'-sie 11 i^ tblc t el i inoie thin lay the lepoit on the ) ich t Me uid j > with its business It is not autii 11/( I I \ f III ( I ke uij letieui eithei
Purdue Exponent eombineci with Purdue Independent Offices :«Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
Editor Business Manager News Editor Manaemg Editor Sports Editor
Ellis Mnrphs Mary Dilts William H Tysoii Carolyn Wilbur Russell M Lipes Jr
Puhlicarion Staff
Editorial Staff
Jack Abbett Ruth M Ford Madelyn A Richardson Margaret Y StefleSi jarfieS Phyllis Mann Martha Lee Kiggs
Associate Editors Orotnes James
Ackerman I rank Veth
Katy Howes
Associate Sports Editors Tames P Ackerman Paul Garber William Garbei Warren C Wright Service Staff Morns Better Gabriel Elias Leo Friedman Jack Maitire Jay Newman Jerry Koetting Bob Baker
Garrett Kistnet
Business Staff
Advertising Manager C L Gaunt Assistant Advertising Manager Betty Maney Circulation Manager R G Sauerman
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor Yarger Hay Editor Citj Editor P Richardson Issue Editor
Sporls Editor Ackerman
Reporters B ivncs Gi atra Steinberg Ehrman Rippetoc Blocks Hint n Kistnei Slofle Porel Howes Geoigeson
M u tin Aimer Criswell
Staff Photographer W C Tolber Editor 1 he PurdUe Independent Lyle Crist Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 1917 authorized January 20, 1922 Published on Tuesday Thursday and Saturday mornings during the yeai except certain vacation periods Delivered daily £by carrier for $1 25 for a semester by mail for $1 60 for a ’semester Subscriptions may be obtained at the Expoient office or at the West Desk of the Union Represented for i ational advertising by National Advertis ing Service Inc College PublisheiS Representatives 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
GRINANirB^nr
Ay Ltefity
IKMft II I ilAl
ri
§,2.* 0^^^^ Chicago Time^ lae.
Today’s Screskl Review
News UiiiJsual Occupations Elm opes Ci ossrbads Sweetheai t Seienade ICmgdom of Treasure That’s \i^hy t Left You Private jPluto
3 00 310 3 19 3 29
4 49 4 67 5 07 5 26 5 36 5 46 6 66
73
Out 6 02
Just LooljLing Around Certain groups in the United^States have begun a complete equality campaign in behalf of the southern Negro, the natives of India, and other “subjugated” people The whole movement seems to be stemming from a belief that the only way to put the world on the road to democracy is to set all minorities free The way these organizations have things figured out is sim- will define the place of the minoiple enough to start with, but luhng gioups
they have failed to take into f
, , , , , new fieedom Will not be settled in consideiation the leactions mmds of one particulai gioup
“But I took it foi granted that our new employee understood banking ethics and would woik up to a position of trust before embezzling money ”
against the Atlantic Coast Line oi the membeis of the ciew whom it chaiges with negligence If any action is talfen it must be by the coiuts of
Noith Caiolina
Commission officials aie distiessed that then au thojity IS so weak They would like to go fiiithei—in
two lespects
(1) They would like to be able to piosecute lail
loads and individuals found negligent
(2) They would like to have authoiity to foice all lailioads/ito follow high safety standaids They say theie is no lea&on why the Atlantic Coast Line oi any 3 00 P M othei laihoad cannot be foiced to follow the high safe 8 30 P M ty standaids of the Union Pacific with the saving of
hundieds of lives each yeai
Note In 1942 the Union Pacific had a casualty late of 3 32 casu ilties per million man houis The Atlantic
Coast Line late was 10 54
University Calendar
that will follow then vaiious libei
atmg schemes
To begin with the scheme foi put tmg the negio on exactly the same level as the white man will meet with even stiongei opposition fiom the south than that faced befoie the Civil Wdi The iicgio Would be out of his class foiced to face a white population which is on the whole many yeais fuithei adv meed Fiom such a move we could expect to have the south use up and stait anothei
civil wai
It will have to lake yeais and pos sibly centimes
to the
In lefeience to a lettei which ip peaied in this column on Januaiy 20 the editois hive been asked by i 1 epiesentative of the 1545 Seivice
The situ ition m India IS not only , , , ,,, ^ V 1 , ,, ,, , Unit he idqiiaitcis to lepoit that the on a much laigei scale thin that „ , ,
6 45 PM 7 00 PM
7 30 PM 7 OOP M
7 30 PM 8 30P M
Radios On Railroads The man in the stieet is still wondeimg why lail 1 o ids aie so fai behind the aiiline industiy in lespect to communication Ken G Howaid consultant with the Aimy Signil Coips says the ansivei is in the lail 10 ids leactionaiy state of mind NeIlly twenty yeais igo Howaid Died to peisuade the New Yoik Cential to install ladio communication in its Boston ind Albany opeiations But lailioad men had giown up on Moise woik and they weie even le luctant to give up telegiaph foi telephone—let alone going still fiiithei into ladio Howaid li ul obsoived that Boston and Albany Deightb on the mountainous lun between Spimgfield and Pitsfield often had to stop at Chestei Mass to
9 00 PM 9 00 PM 9 00 PM
Thursday, January 27 Ag Wintei Coiiise Society Assembly Room, Ag Hall Wai Council Meeting Room 355, Union Friday, January 28 Scieen Review Hall of Music Mihtaiy Ball South Ballioom, Union AST Giaduation Hall of Music Seivice Show (Service men only) Hall of Music Saturday, January 29 Puidue Music Oigajmzations Annual Conceit Hall of Music Acacia Phi Delta Theta and Alpha Sigma Phi Dance East and West Faculty Lounges Union Dance Noith and South Balliooms Union Phi Delta Theta Dance Faculty Lounge Union Alpha Sigma Phi Dance Memorial Union
Independent Inklings
Violets aie blue Roses aie led
But tiailblazeis should use The sidewalks instead
they’ie going to sponsoi anothei to moiiow night m looms 366 and 363 fiom 8 30 until II Stags will be
Flee veise but an expensive ^•dmitted at this dance foi the same moial to some Well lets foi get Pi ice as couples 26 cents Girls com
pick up a pushei ’—anothei locomotive to push fiom poetiy and turn to the
behind Then it would sometimes take a half hoiii and almost shake the Dam to pieces to get staited again He wanted to instill ladio equipment foi commum cation between the fiont locomotive and the caboose ind also between the caboose and way stations! This Avould allow the engmeei to isk foi a pushei ’ and
get it without stopping the tiain
In the Interests ol Science Case” Wiseman was the unfor
tunate guinea pig m a biological re seaich experiment last Sunday night The scientists were at
mg stag will be admitted fiee Of coiuse PI A membei s and dates al ways flee, and the music will be on
lecoidmg
Well people I must quit now, but befoie I go don t say I didn’t tell
tempting to determine maximum you about Mary Poole, Wiight Field
gill and Stan Spitzei and don’t forget the pooi fieshman who last
low temperature that could be ex
But lailioad officials weie skeptical They said they perienced by the human body with
didn t have the ladio opeiatoib and duln t Dust radio out injury to the epidermal surfaces week said An autobiogiaphy is the equipment Radio is all light at home when you want of said body Unknown to our hero h's>toiy of motoi cais
to listen to a little music ’ they said ‘ but it s no good the experimenters placed huge foi limning a lailioad ’ quantities of diy ite in his bed prior This was in 1926 Today eighteen yeais latei lail to his arrival that evening AH was loads aie just beginning to look foi ladio equipment quiet until a blood curdling scream
to save them Dom a lepetition of the disastei siiffeicd
1 ist month on the Atlantic Co ist Line
Are you voting? bee Union Story Saturday
from oiii victim told all of his at tions Complete data on the re search is as yet unavailable but it win'*)ji obablj be given the cold shoulder by some especially
Wiseman
SCA IS leally doing things at the piesent Dorothy Ross socnlthaii
Less Air Cooling
Il you depend on an conditioning ioi summei com foit you may not be veiy comfoitable next summei Supplies of the vital lefiigeiatmg gas fieon aie lunniiig low and WPB plans foi stepping up pioduc
lion aie five months behind schedule This means that ’iian is at piesent lounding up the offices theaties nightclubs bais lestaiuants hotels S^mg to put ovei a big paity in the depaitmeiit stoies and beauty pailois noimally cooled neai fiituiefoi membeis Stand (oi by fieon will not be cooled again until the summei of by foi fiuthei innouncements
and piepiie foi anything
And speaking of SCA the educi tional committee of this oi ganiza tion IS planning i meeting to pio mote coopciative knowledge and give the students an insight into the scope of woi Id wide coopei ation Its not to be just a speech oi two but a
1945
Fieon was developed by lefiigeiation engineeis m then seaieh foi a safei g is thin ammonia Laigest m inufactuiei ol the g is in Kinetic Chemicals Inc a Dll Pant subsidiaiy Laigest usei is Geneial Motois, a Du Pont associate and manulactiuei of Fiigidaiie
leliigciatoib
But fiivolous uses of fieon have been shoved aside
by wai uses The gas is now being used to cool the discussion with tilks by leal
file contiol looms of battleships the instiumenl looms thoiities on co ops ol submaiiries and foi Aimy food stoiage all ovei the Netmen Note
woiW When a Yank soldiei fiist Cl awls into a foxhole Seveial ex thieo and foui yeai in the South Pacific he annihilates his insect enemy, men of high school basketball fame the mosquito by thiowing a hand gienade packed with banded togethei last week to foim insecDcide The gas in that hand gienade is fieon a new menace m the waul basket Long ago WPB officials anticipated the shoitage of ball league The boys have named fieon foi civilian uses and planned to expand the ca themselves the 27 Clubbeis Meie
t K'^e^^Chemicals Fast plans weie laid by coincidence oi not most of the play
WPB s Pi ejects Division in Febiuaiy of last yeai It eis leside at 27 Univeisity stieet wib found desiiable to mciease Kinetic’s capacity Gene Whelchel and Cueball” Wil Dom one million pounds a month to five million But hs aie the lepoited stais of the the pioject suffeied the fate of many Goveinmdnt quintet maybe Piggy will be m
piejects—delay Now instead of being leady to satisfy vesDgatmg soon Ul needs by Maich 31 as planned Kinetic will not be Theie once was a m full incieascd pioduction until August 31—when Sailoi named Piactico
summei IS ovei tt , , , He met a gal
Result Mill be a latioiimg of fieon, by the quaiter Named Peifect— pound Wondti how many pounds the solons on Capitol Back to the SCA
Hill will get to cool Congicss and how much Geneial Someivell will get to cool the Wai Depaitment’s
gigantic Pentagon Building
Odds aic tint Someivell will get his ihead of Con
gicss
(fopyiiglit 1911 by United Peatuie Syndicate, Inc )
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
faced 111 the south but it involves many moie lacial gioups Some day India might be settled enough to wan ant dominion status oi even complete fieedom This time is not the piesent The Bntish aiilhoii ties in India have made many mis takes and they have been foiced to admit some of then mistakes but they have achieved a ceitam amount of peace between the vanous laces that would be absolutely impossible undei a fiee Indian government When lefeiiing to the othei gioups who aie undei the fateful h&nd of oppiession ’ these naiiow seeing oiganizations had in mind the vanous othei paits of the But ish empiie Again many mistakes have been made by the Biitish and will be made but some of these peo pie aie m much woise condition to govern themselves than the peoples of India lie What they could and would do undei then own govern ment is such a hoiiible contempla tion that few people wish to answei The answei would howevei be wiitten in blood and might takes yeais to finish The peoples of Eu lope hive the education necessaiy to govern themselves whethei un del a demociacy oi a dictatoiship but the negioes Indians and igno lant blacks of Atuca have ibsolute ly no qualifications foi governing themselves undei i demociatic gov einment Ihe answei is not in independ ence oi complete equality but some ioim of mutual undei standing that UIF^IKSm TODAY - FRI. - SAT.
An extra war stamp f See Union Stoiy Saturday TODAY THRU SATURDAY FIRST RUN WESTERN
-15230
A MONOUIIAM riCTUX
' and.
Buy War Bonds
SCA piexy Fiancis Biyant has put his pin out Yes m i am it’s oflicial too The lucky woman is Dons Reeves of Shoemakei and continuing m this line we luai that Vl2ei Time Gordon IS quite the hunk of man in the eyes of Beth Simpson, fieshman liom Noith
Hall
PIA’S date dance list Fiiday turned out to be a nice success so
lADItS’ DAF
— ALSO —
DARKCST
A REPI^LIC 4 C
SERI . In XO CHAPTERS
— plus
LATEST PATHE NEWS
sigiiee Pvt Edwaid Andiews not a membei of that unit
Exponent Service Men
Meeting tor all soldiers sailois
and maiincb who haie oi will work on the Exponent dunrtg the coming month will be held at 6 15 /pm Thursday January 27, to night in the Exponent office Very
important that all be theie
RICHARDSON
LUMA TODAY-FRI.-SAT. HMD iiii ROPIO! riiiyiii, RMCB^ Starring DON "BED”
PLUS
MARS TODAY and TOMORROW
RiVSTEIRS and liLO-DEARS
fTS WNG STuDDDDI Bell iifiil Lovi SmgAJIftBlt The Night We Called It A Day Love You Art My Miisi^
K tiR, f !tl. f
r
Thursday, January 27, 1944
send a decidedly cosmopolitan gi’otip against the Wolverines, ranging from Carl Liang, Chinese stu-
Wt^stkt$^ Ittakmm
At Michigan
Coach Reeck’s wrestljng and Coach Rapenguth’s swimming squadiS will facfe formidable opposition on Saturday as they joutney to Ann Arbor for dual meets With Michigan’s repre-
sentatives in the two sports.
The undefeated Boilermaker wrestlers, who have scored succesSiye Victories over Northwestern, Illinois, and Wheaton ColIdtb,’Will'face a real battle in t
attefhbting to retain their un- Rii] Tam blemfslied record, but Coach . W Qlaude Reeck is hopeful that Purdue 6 tne squad may make a strong Northwestern 4 shewing. The Riveter mentor ^
Ohio State 2 Wisconsin 3 Illinois 1 2
dent who is slated for the 121 pound ^
assignment, through other civilian,
V12 and V5 representatives.
'two Undefeated Lightweights Sam Johnson, V12, will probably draw the ' 128 pound assignment, With a i>air of .undefeated lightweights, Dan Nettesheim, lone holdoVer major letterman who was runnerup for the 136 pound Big Ten title last yeai’,' and Art Aerne, fastmOVing V12 freshman, working at either 136 or 145 pounds, dependent^
on the opposition.
Nebraska, looks like the choice at
165 pounds, with Jack Shepard, V12
transfer from Iowa, the best bet at 165 pounds. Joe Hersch, reserve guard on the undefeated and untied football sqVad of last fall, remains the No. 1 man at 175 pounds, while a pair of V12ers, Jim McMillen, transplanted gridder, and Robert Humphreville, are fighting it out for
the heavyweight assignment. Swimmers Go to Ann Arbor Coach Dick Papenguth’s swimming squad, which dropped its'open
Riveter Quintet To Face J)ePaul Saturday
Towering Foes Expected To Offef Stiff Resistance lot Copfetence Lec^
Chicago 0 Minnesota 0
Leading Scorei's
G
FG'
FT
Pts
Patrick, 111
... 6
34
17
86
Hoffman, Pur
’6
32
11
75
Hagg, Pur
6
32
8
72
King, Mich
.. . 6
28
14
70
Struck, Mich
6
32
6
70
Danner, la
4
29
8
66
Kirk, 111
6
20
23
63
Grate, 0.
. 3
29
4
62
Patterson, Wis. ..
... 6
27
6
60
Ives, la. ..
. 4
20
10.
60
Lodge, Pur
... 4
19
10
48
Judson, 111
.... 6
21
4
46
Smith, Wis
... 5
20
6
45
Horn, Pur
... 6
19
6
44
Wendlund, Wis. ..
. . 5
19
6
44
Leadfiig Ref Mentors Suggest Rule Changes For Hirdwood Game
tiy lErwin Steinberg
■ywo suggestions to improve the Pet. game of basketball, one already
1.000 tested and the other not as yet put 1.000 under fire, have been proposed re1.000 centiy by two of the outstanding
.667 coaches in the counti'y. Bill Chan.600 dler, Court coach of the Marquette .333 Hilltoppers, and Forrest “Phog” .167 Allen, veteran mentor of the Uni.000 versity of Kansas team, have sug.000 geSted changes in the book concern.000 ing th'e four personal foul rule and the height of the standard basket. Last Friday night, before a crowd of 11,000 fans in Chicago stadium, DePaul University and Marquette experimented by playing their game with a rule concerning the four
His suggestion was that after a player has four personal fouls called against him, instead of retiring to the bench for the remainder of the game, he would be forced to sit on the bench for only three minutes, after which time he Would be allowed to return to the game. After each additional foul the player would have to retire for another three minutes and then be permitted to return. The results of this experiment were none too pleasing for Chandler. Five players, three Blue Demons and two Hilltoppers, were forced out of action in the sec-
Grandstand Echoes
V12 transfer from Iowa State, fin ished a close second in both the 50
ing dual meet to Northwestern last yard sprints. ^ Satui’day, 56-28, entertains no Other probable Boilermaker enh6t)es of a team triumph, .but does tries include Bob Brogan, Indianexpect to provide the Wolverines apolis freshman, in the distance with keen competition in the free swims, and another pair of yearstyle swims. The Boilermakers’ lings, Hugh Woolverton, South main point hopes'rest on the ability Bend, and Bob Huntington, Oak
last year’s freshman squad. Porter, a V12 transfer from Case, lost a half due to fom“pei^onals. How ever, only one. Bill Chandler Jr., the
son of the Hilltopper coach, returned after his three minute period on the bench. In all, 34 fouls were called,
17 on each team.
Players Become Careless
The results of this experiment show that a player tends to become, careless and commit more fouls
of Phil Hanfeel, newly elected cap- Park, 111 m the back stroke. C aude ,, tqih m the 440 and 220 free styles; Bower, Milwaukee, freshman, holds the «rule William Portel^yl2,m the 220 yard the No. 1 rank m diving. For the tendency flee style; "Ted Salmon, V12, m the sprint and_ relay combinations the be toward more fouls and a
sprints, and James McMullen and main possibilities, in addition to Bob Barnard in the breast stroke. Salmon and Porter, include Earl
much Tougher game would result.
T* , , . - The second suggestion offered to Hansel, who won the 440 yard free Gorby, 16-year-old freshman from ^^^ter the court game was proposed style against Northwestern, and Lafayette, and a pair of holdovers “Phog” Allen dean of the naMcMullen and Barnard, who finished from last year’s yearling squad, , • , -iV Allen second and third, respectively, in the Bob Cumming of Peoria, 111., and said that if the baskets, now 10 feet
breast stroke, are all holdovers from Don Leach, Tulsa, Okla.
12 feet, much unnecessary roughness would be eliminated. The veteran coach said indifference had prevented the development of his pro-
posed changes.
The two new proposals would have exactly opposite advantages in sight should either one be adopted. The first mentioned seeks to prevent the loss of a player even though he may foul quite frequently, while the latter attempts to decrease the number of fouls commit-
ted.
Allen said concerning the proposed rule of Chandler’s, “You watch throughout a season and you will see that it is the same men who foul time and again. This ‘rest period’ idea won’t change that at all.”
START THE DAY OUT RIGHT BY EATING A HEARTY BREAKEAST.
THE UNION
CAFETERIA
YOUR CHOICE OF EXCELLENT FOOD PREPARED IN THE ]\IANNER YOU LIKE IT AT REASONABLE PRICES.
JhjL (pafiduJL TJlmufimL IAvuml The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
CanceSlations According to Rule 10b (Rules and Regulations Governing Students), “No course shall be cancelled within the last four weeks of any term.” Since Monday, January 31, is the beginning of the last four weeks of the current term, it will not be possible to cancel assignments after Saturday nooiv\January 29, even though passing? DEAN OF MEN.
I By Russ Lipes
Tall TeafBfe
Two of the tallest teafns in the nation! That’s Vvhat the Boilermaker net squad i^ up against in their next three games. When they journey to Chicago this Week-end to play DePaul, they will be facing a starting five that averages around 6 feet 3 inches in height aftd then next week-end when they play g two-game series with Ohio State at Columbus, they Will be facing a starting lineup that averages slightly over 6 feet 4 inches. Pass the ladder please. DePaul is paced by 6 foot 8 inch Gedrge MikaU, a notorious expert when it comes to rebound control. The Buckeyes brag about their 6 foot SVz inch center, who is also a good man hround the backboard. Warm-Up For Ohio Slate It's not very encouraging to think about, as the Riveters have not faced a really tall sqUad so far this season, but thei'e is one consolation in the fact that the DePaul game precedes the Buckeye game and is not counted in the conference standings. As a I’esult, the pressure should be off the players and what experience they gain from their game this week-end should stand them in good stead when they meet Ohio State. Two of the tallest men on the Riveter squad. Jack Kennedy and Steve Frazier, turned in vastly improved performances over their earlier showings in the Michigan bill last week-end. ^Possibly one of these two men will be assigned the job of guarding Mikan. However, Bill Lodge has been the key man for the home team in rebound control, and he is most likely to draw the Mikan detail. Michigan Mat Meet Welcome News Welcome news to the ears of Coach Reeck and to the ears of his wrestling squad was that of the meet that had been arranged with Michigan for this Saturday. By virtue of the cancelled meet with Indiana that was scheduled for last Saturday, and since no other meets were scheduled until February 5, Coach Reeck has been worried about the inactivity of his men. This meet with the Wolverines provides a break in this long period of inactivity, and will also give Reeck an idea of what Michigan, regarded as one of the best in the Big Ten, will have to enter in the conference wrestling meet the Middle of February. Tony Hinkle Shows Them How Here’s one we received from Great Lakes. Lt. Paul Hinkle, coach of the Bluejacket net squad, showed his charges the other day that he hadn’t forgotten the finesse that made him a cage star at Chicago. Lt. Hinkle, an all-Western Conference guard during his Collegiate days, stepped to the free throw line to demonstrate how to sink charity tosses, and— Pitched in 43 in a row before he missed.
Sputterings
Babe Dimancheff, Boilermaker grid hero who starred in the East-West game New Year’s day and suffered an injury to his left leg at,the same time, is back on the campus. Following a three week lay-up in a San Francisco hospital, Babe was dismissed and then returned to West Lafayette. He is taking it easy for a while and plans to reenter school in March— Don Blanken, former all-American cage star here, is playing with the General Hospital net team at Fort Devens, Massachusetts, and is described a's “a hard playing, never tiring player, who ‘handles the bajl more often, passes more often, and shoots more often than any other Devens player.” /
Summer Camp Announces Openings For Counselors Burr Oaks, summer camp for girls in Wisconsin, has announced several openings for counselors on its staff for this summer, according to Miss Irene Feldt, director of Placement Service for Women. Counselors are needed in the departments of arts and crafts, dramatics, dancing, land and water sports, nature lore, sailing, wood and camp craft and music. The camp season begins July 1 and ends August 29. Anyone who*is interested may obtain further information from Miss Feldt by calling the office of the Placement Service, 2955. Seniors Win WAA Riflery Tournament WAA riflery season closed last Wednesday night with the women’s riflery tournament, it was announced by Frances Allen, head of riflery. The seniors, with a score of 81.4, nosed out the sophomores, who came in second with 78.6. Other results were as follows: RCA cadets, 71.4; juniors, 60.4, and freshmen, 63.8. Margaret Sigler, sophomoi,‘e, was highest individual winner with 88. Louise Blalock, senior, shot a score of 87, while seniors Ellen Clark and Maren McCallister tied for third
Sports Shorts
To Conduct Spring Training Camp Here For the second straight year the Cleveland Indians will conduct their spring training here at the University, utilizing the spacious Boilermaker Fieldhouse and varsity field, it was announced here today by Guy Mackey, athletic director. ' Under the arrangement completed with Roger Peckinpaugh, manager of the Cleveland club, the Indians will work out at times that will not conflict with the University program of physical fitness for service men and civilian students. The Cleveland squad is expected to start training here March 13 and remain for approximately three weeks. Are you voting? See Union* Story Saturday Sigma Alpha Mu . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Prior, Robin Padorr; exchequer, Paul Smithson; recorder, Julian Altenhaus; historian, Harold Igdaloff; assistant exchequer, William Ginsberg; correspondent, Norman DeWoskin; pledge counsellor, Paul Smithson; house manager, Gerald Kauffman; athletic manager. Bob
Litvin.
Piggy Lambert’s fast-breaking Big Ten ba.sketball leaders, comparative midgets when it comes to hardwood .stature, will face a terrific assignment in the next three starts on the road
against a pair of midwestern giants.
The immediate problem for the courageous Boilermakers, who successfully substituted speed and spirit for experience and height in sweeping
their first six Big Ten engagerftehts, will be provided as they
tackle the towering DePaul Tn Til r> u rr -lui t quirttet, built around George
Evanston, 111.—^Bob Tribble, star ’ , „ .
back stroker on Northwestern Uni- Mikan, 6 foot, 8 inch center, in versity’s swimming team, made one Chicago Stadium on Saturday of the three highest scores in the night, .January 29. Following the recent .strength tests conducted for HcPaul encounter, the Boilermaker members of the Navy V-12 unit, fliers, whose normal starting lineup The leading score among the Ma- averages less than 6 feet in height, rines was turned in by Herb Hein resume conference competition of the football team, who recently against Ohio State, the tallest team left for officer training at Parris the league, at Columbus on Feb-
Island, S. C. I'uary 4 and 5.
Ann Arbor, Mich.-^After drop- The indefinite status - of Bill ping two dual decisions in eight Lodge, versatile Boilermaker cendays to Great Lakes, Michigan’s ter, who twisted his ankle in the swimming team will be a topheavy opening game of the twin bill with favorite to regain its winning ways Michigan, has left Coach Ward here Saturday against the Riveters. Lambert, the dean of Big Ten menHome meets with Ohio State and tors in both years of service and Northwestern will follow on succes- accomplishments, in somewhat of sive Saturdays before the Wolver- a quandary when it comes to selectines bid for the Big Ten title at jug a starting lineup for the DePaul
Eveinston FcbTUciry 19. sn^ci^BniGTit Michigan holds one decision over . „ «
Northwestern but has lost to the AH-Hoos.er Squad May Start Bluejackets by scores of 60-24 and Providing Lodge, who was unable 43-38. In the second meet Sailor to play in the second game of the Bill Smith established a new Wol- Michigan series, is able to resume verine pool record for the 220 yard action, Lambert will in all probfree style of 2:07.8, only one-tenth ability stick to his all-Hoosier quinof a second behind his own world tet, composed of two fi’eshmen, two record for the distance. holdovers from last year’s yearling Iowa City—The name of Frank squad, and a lope veteran. SusJ. Cuhel, who won Olympic national tained speed provides the keynote honors as a University of Iowa ot the attack of the comparatively hurdles, is listed upon a plaque re- inexperienced quintet which has centiy installed in the Overseas been showing steady improvement Press Club rooms in New York i" ball handling from week to week City. and completely demoralize^ the Cuhel was killed last winter in Michigan defense with its second a Clipper plane crash at Lisbon, half basket barrage Saturday night. Portugal, while en route to North Lodge, a holdover from last year’s Africa as a news commentator for freshman quintet who has been the Mutual broadcasting system. holding down the pivot post in reThe plaque bears the names of cent games, and Paul Hoffman, 13 war correspondents who were freshman forward, are under the killed in line of duty. It was given basket specialists who frequently by the National Association of Man- emerge from scrambles under the ufaefurers and is inscribed: “They hoop like rabbits from a brush pile gave their lives so that the free to chalk up field goals. Hoffman in press of America might have the particular, the current runner-up
in the Big Ten scoring race, has a knack of making shots while wound
up like a contortionist.
Dennis Horn, freshman forward, will likely team up with Hoffman. Horn thrives on the fast-breaking game, and although essentially a play maker, more than holds his own in the scoring column. Providing able support for Horn, and potential starter, will be Jack
truth.’'
An extra war stamp!
See Union Story Saturday
(Continued from page 1)
way research board, pointed out the „ , _
. . , , , . Kennedy, Boilermaker letterman, importance of research work during , ... . , , , the war sps'^i^bzes in a one-handed flip „ ‘ , ... shot while backing away from the
Several oUthe organizations represented at the conference have an-
nounced the election of new officers. Veterans at Guards Arthur F. Buerkle of Lafayette was The Boilermaker guards, Charlie re-elected as president of the Coun- Haag, holdover from last year’s ty Surveyors and County Engineers freshman squad, and Paul “Duffy” Association. Friend, midget major letterman, are Ernest Miller of South Bend was both deft ball handlers. In addition
to their rapid fire passing, bothf are dangerous scorers. Haag, a rapid
, These Are the EDS and COEDS You Reach When You
elected to the presidency of the newly organized Indiana Traffic Engi-
neers’ Association. The Indiana fire dribbler and ball stealer, ranks City Engineers’ Association has third in Big Ten scoring at the preselected Earl E. Phillips of P§ru as ent time, while Friend, an accurate president. C. Dana Ward of Indi- long range shot, is a leech on deanapolis, is to head the Highway fense. and held Tommy King, the Materials and Equipment Associa- Michigan ace, to' 14 points in two
tion, while Ronald Horton of Madi- games.
son was elected president of the j-pg event that Lodge’s ankle County Highway Supervisors As- f^jig to respond to treatment, Lamsociation. bert may use either Kennedy or
Stephen Frazier, a V12 transfer* from Southwestern College, Kan., at the center post. Kennedy turned in a yeoman job of pinch hitting against Michigan, rvhile Frazier performed steadily in the second tilt
of the Wolverine series.
An extra war stamp!
See Union Story Saturday
IM Schedul€|5 Fraternity Basketball Schedule
Thursday, January 27, 1944
Court 1—7:20. Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi; 7:35, Tau Sigma vs. Delta Upsilon; 8:30, Acadia vs. Delta Tau Delta; 8:45, Sigma
Nu vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon.
Coui't 2—7:20, Theta Xi vs. Beta Sig*raa Psi; 7:35, Phi Sigma Theta vs. Triangle; 8:30, Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Chi; 8:46, Sigma Kappa Mu
vs. Pi Kappa Phi.
Court 3—7:20, Tau Pi Phi vs. Chi.4,lpha; 7:35, Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Psi; 8:30, Luma vs. Rochdale; 8:45, Rockets vs. War-
nock.
Court 4—7:20, Circle Pines vs. Chauncey; 7:35, Marwood vs. Hot Shots; 8:30, Owen vs. Doverettes; 8:45, International vs. Marstellar.^ . • ^ ■ ; ^rmy, mvy, Maruie
i¥ 'M’' .V
f»i
n ■ t-^
MHpIfiM
Pdfge4
For Service Men, By Service Men
Thursday, January 27, 1944
AST Dance To Follow
Graduation Tomorrow
AST Patter
By T/-6 Morris Better
Aero Corporation w/enton
Col. D. M. Beere, commandant of the 1545th service unit, will speak to the second graduating class of University Army Specialized Training soldiers which begins at 7:30 p. m. at the Music Hall tomorrow night, according to Capt. James Howard, who is in charge of the ceremonies that have been arranged for the trainees.
President Edward C. Elliott distributed to each graduate. These will make the presentation of programs will include the names of
the AST certificates to the
all the graduates, pictures of the
- ^ , campus, remarks by Col. Beere and
group of 175 men composed of p^-esident Elliott and the program
personnel psychology students, civil, qj exercises.
electrical, mechanical and chemical
engineers.
The program will begin with an invocation by Eev. John W. Findley
A military ball will be held in the north ballroom of the Union for soldiers and their dates after the ceremonies. This will differ from past
and Rev. Edwai'd J. Holland will de- dances of this sort in that the ball liv^r the benediction at the conclu- -^^jjl be informal for the girls. Music
sion of the ceremonies.
Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the department of education and psychology, ■will address the graduates on the subject, “Life is Fighting To
Be Met with Courage.^’
The University symphonic band, led by Prof. Emrick, will furnish part of the musical piogram by
will be furnished by T/6 Hal Cooperman and his orchesti’a from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m.
SAE Elect New Officers Tuesday
Society of Automotive Engineers held a business meeting Tuesday
playing four numbeis, which will evening at which elections were /nclude “Hail Purdue” and the Star held and a gioup picture was taken Spangled Banner.” The Aimy mem- for Debris, according to Ed Pita, bers of the University glee club, un- newly elected secretai y-treasurer. der the direction of A1 Stewait, will Bob Batchelor was elected chairoffer several vocal selections. man and Faul Zmola vice president. The graduation will be attended Many new members were taken into by all trainees and is open to all the oiganization. The remainder other service men and civilians who of the evening was devoted to lewish to attend. freshments and the showing of an Special souvenir programs will be aircraft production film.
JhjL
By Jay Ne-wman, A S , USNR
At present your correspondent lies on his ovei worked back in the lower section of a Sick Bay double-decker, munching a toothmarked thermometer. ■We are a victim of cat fever! Cat fever is a term loosely desciibing almost any condition of cold and fever. The real name is catarrhal fever, but nobody uses that word and few of the people that get it even know the full name. Most of the patients in Sick Bay aie here because of cat fever. They’re usually better alter five or six days and can go their way unharmed and unmarked, grimly clutching their PE excuse in one hand and a few spare A and P capsules in the other. All cases have to be fully recovered for at least two days before they aie released. That’s one of the Sick Bay rules. 'The Sick Bay is located in tno houses across the street from West Cary Hall. They are known as Cary Hall Annexes. 'Vigorous and healthy students lived here at one time, we are told. At present, dentists offices and chests full of such things as spare drilling machines cover the first deck of one house, a similar set-up lor the M.D.’s exists in the other house. The second deck of both buildings is given over to beds for people too dumb to stay well and happy. Until yesterday there were eight of us in the room labeled Cat Fever Wal'd No. Two. Four of them convinced the doctor that they were in perfect condition for the shape they were in, and he let them go. Everybody in here save one is wild to be out. That one is us. Frankly, we like it. The food is plentiful, the pay adequate for the work demanded, and the radio programs all but perfect. There’s nothing to think about and plenty of time to do it in. A perfect set-up for Omar Kyaham, for instance. We had quite a collection of cliaracteis while there were still eight of us. One lad once made the unhappy eiior ol not closing his legs when he jumped off the high tower feet first into the swimming pool. That’s not why he’s in this time, howevei. He recuperated from the effects of his jump only to come back to Sick Bay next day with cat fever. , Another lad had us all up until 2300 one night insisting that the battleship North Dakota had been built to look like a destroyer to amaze and confuse the Japs. It suiely would have done that if it weie so. Next day he decided it may have been a cruiser he was thinking of. j Several of the men\iere can grow a real live beard overnight. One happy-go-lucky lad already looks like Uncle Ned down from the hills for a night in the city. Every evening he sends pleading messages over to West Cary Hall, asking where in the hell is his shaving equipment. Every morning back comes some of his possessions, but not his razor, which is the only thing he asked for. Most of his books and half his clothes have arrived. He may be too wild to use the razor when it gets here. We promised “Pills” we’d mention him and so we shall: “Pills”. (“Pills” is our favorite corpsman. He looks a little like Popeye, but is soft and gentle when he clamps down on our wrist lor pulsertaking purposes.)
Halloo. When we arranged the deal with T/6 to splatter his patter this week, he asked us to mention what we liked about ca'mpus servicemen. Our only comment is, “Well, they’re men, aren’t they?” However, after due consideration. We are willing to confess that they have other endearing qualities. After alTthere’s nothing like a low drool and a high whistle to revive the jaded spirits of even a witch. Another thing that intrigues us is the pratical way in which they apply their military training. Prime example of this is the ASTer who, after attending several murkyatmosphered organic labs, donned his gas mask and breezed through the lab while others were coughing ahd choking into their experiments. Continuing with the praticality the army seems to instill, we are awarding the Order of the Lopsided Star to the Cary Hall man who was informed by long distance that his wife had just had a baby. Since it was too difficult to obtain cigars, he handed out dimes to,all his friends—and then his ipommate followed him around collecting the imitation pennies in order to buy a present for the offspring. Just in case someone has collected the vague idea that we are being partial, we would like tp submit parts of letters we swiped from^a poed Mho received them from a navy man on a torpedo boat in the South 7*acific. After the Christmas mail caught up with him, he plaintively usked why people insisted upon sending shoe shining kits to fellows living in jungles. To continuej “A very intei'esting and unusual bit of natural life in the tropics is the fish. 'We have species that not only swim backwards and climb trees but actually spit streams of water a good six feet into the air. Aside from ^musing the sailors, I can’t see any point to it . . . “A small Jap plane flew over us and dropped a 20 pound bomb about 50 yards off our stern. As soon as my nerves calmed down, I went back and changed that part of the log which said that a huge bomber had dropped a thousand pound bomb 25 feet off our stern. The carpenters have just finished fixing the hole I dug in the deck. They don’t call me ‘Foxhole’ for nothing . . . “This place would be swell if it weren’t for the lack of women, the heat, the lousy chow, mosquitoes, flies and jiggers. Speaking of jiggers, only this morning a fellow' who had lived on the beach for the last month came on board, and someone asked him if those were legs or holes he was walking on.... (Ed note: No wonder they’re witches.) “Our executive officer brought a complete, pictures intact, Esquire aboard and for hours the line formed on the left, right, middle and just crowding around in general. . . . We never seem to have any time ot our own, but every so often a day goes by that I’m not too busy so I wash out a pair of socks (another week's supply—or should I say my pair of socks?) . .. That’s what I like about being out here. Always something doing, and we don’t have any old hard sidewalks to walk on—they’ve probably got gum on them—or stairs to climb or movies to go to where we could easily strain our eyes. Yes, we are really sitting pretty. But we are mostly just sitting.” Cheeier-npper for the week: We’ve noticed many a complacent smile upon the faces of servicemen when they paused at the bulletin board m the libiary to lead the notice which says, “Wanted—degree in Civil Engineering before Feb. 1, oi else Local No. 2 will get impetuous.” Final cheerer-upper for the week: A lemindei for the foigetful is that AST furolughs begin Saturday-—we hope that no home tow'n witches haunt the Happy Sacks. •
Approves Recent
Airport Changes
.. on Jeave froifi the staff for military duty, has been promoted to the' rank of lieutenant colonel. Col. Heinton is stationed in the Persian Gulf command, in the ordnance de-
partment.
HKN Members Meet fn main lounge (west end) at 6:3(> p. m. Thursday, Jan. 27, for dinner followed by business meeting. —JtlENGST.
AWS Executive Board: Meeting 7:30 p. tn. Thursday, Jan. 27, in AWS office. —REED.
Gpld Pepp'ers: Compulsory meeting Thursday, Jan. 27, at 4 :80 p. m. m Union office. Filial elections. —WEDGE,
Several changes at the University airport, including an addition to the newly completed hangar being built at a cost of about $66,000, were approved at the annual meeting of the University Aeronautics Corporation held this week on the campus. Work is well under way on the addition, which extends along the north side of the new hangar. The directors also authorized construction of a repair and maintenance shop on the north side of the old hangar, built when the field first was opened. The maintenance shop will be immediately north of the research laboratory, which was occupied more than a year ago. All officers of tne corporation were elected. They are: Dr. E. C. Elliott, president; G. Stanley Meikle, vice president, and R. B. Stewart, secretary-treasurer. Both Meikle and Stewart and Grove Webster, general manager of the corporation, were re-elected directors of the corporation for thi'ee year terms. Charles W. Cole of South Bend, University trustee, named to succeed David E. Ross on the University board of tiiistees, was made a director of the corpoiation to fill the two years remaining of the term for which Ross had Been elected.
Notices
War Council: Meeting Thuraday. Jan. 27, at 7:00 p. m. in room 3B5 of the Union. —WOOLLING.
Fraternity Presidents: Please inform the F. A. O. office of your mailing address. —SHIFTS
University Town Meeting: Post-War Rehabilitation will be the topic discussed by the UTM at 5:45 p. m. Thursday, Jan. 27, at the Wesley Foundation. Speaker will be Piofessor I. Burr. —SMITH.
Seniors: Come to room 60 in the Union sub-basement for senior picture proofs. —DEBRIS
Theta Alpha Phi: Meeting Thursday, Jan. 27 at 5:4o p. m. in the Union. —DELONG.
Delta Rho Kappa: Actives and pledges must attend an important meeting Thursday. Jan. 27, at 4:1B in room 261 of the Union. Please bring money for keys. Debris picture will be taken at 7 :10 p. m. Tuesday, Jan. 25, in the South Ballroom. All pledges and members be there. —LEVIN PIA Dance Class: The regular dance class will be held 'Thursday, Jan. 27, ftom 4 to 6 -15 p. m. in the Faculty Lounge instead of Monday. —HENDERSON
Classified Ads
Money to Loan—On diamonds, watohea, guns, luggage, typewriters. Alberts Loan Office, 407 Columbia.
Typewriters—Adding machines, all mafeea sold, rented, repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. P. ®berahofI, 606 Main.' Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Playshop Managing Board: Meeting at 4 p. m. Thursday, Jan. 27, in Playshop office. No Debris pictuio tonight —DELONG.
Waiter Openings: Three meals a day plu8 $6.00 per month for waiter service. Inquire at Delta Gamma sorority. Heilman.
Chi Eta Epsilon: Important business meeting will be held Wednesday, Feb 2 at 4 p m in room 113 ot the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering building All be there. —HITE.
Lost—Elgin deluxe wrist watch Saturday night in vicinity Waldron Street or Ag campus Reward. Pfc. R. A. Treadwell. Phone 76103
All Students: The Wiight Field giils will be gpcsts at the open dance and entertainment tomoriow evening, Friday, Jan 28, fiom 7-11 p m. in the rccioation lOom ot the Univeibity Church —STOREY.
Wanted—Three issues of Sexponent which appeared at SDX Winter Carnival. Urgent. Get in touch with Lee, Exponent Advertis-
ing Dept
\
Lost—Gill's gold identification bracelet at Union mixer last Saturday night. Name on it “Sally" Call Dick of 7296.
By FRANNY WILLIAMS
Command To Speed
An Ait Ferry Command, operating under the Naval Air Tianspoit Service to expedite deliveiy of the mushroomed pioduction of naval warplanes, has been set up by the Navy Department, accoiding to the Athens Pre-Flight School SkyCracker.
The command already has more than 700 pilots delivering planes fiom the point of then leceipt to then destinations.
Selected on Graduation Pilots are selected for the service upon graduation and commissioning from naval an intei mediate training centers at Corpus Christi and Pensacola. They then receive additional flight training on all the types they will fly before beginning feriy woik. Flights to make the deliveries are usually made in formations of thiee to six planes.
Lt. Col. Maurice W. 'Wiley, ’29, was decorated recently with the Distinguished Flying Cross by Lt. Gen. Geoige C. Kenney, commanding officer of the allied air foices in the southwest Pacific. He was honoied foi “heioism in flight and exceptional and outstanding accomplishment in the face of great danger beyond the line of duty.” Lt. Col. Wiley, who is in command of a troop caiiier unit, has flown on more than 75 missions and has transported troops and dropped supplies over teiritoiy continually patrolled by Japanese fighter air ciaft. Col. Wiley left the University in 1928 foi tiaining in the Army air foice, after having been stationed foi seveial years at Denver, Colo., where he was a pilot of the United Air Lines. He is a brother of James R. Wiley of the University Agricultural Experiment Station staff.
Soldiers in Army establishments within the U. S. who receive sudden shipping orders and are unable to reclaim clothing in a laundry or dry cleaning establishment will soon be able to benefit by a recently announced War Department policy authorizing is.sue of replacements in such cases, according to the Camp Wolters Longhorn. The rule provides for the commanding officer of the post or his representative to pick up the clothing left behind, paying the established “reasonable service charge,” interpreted as the standard pi ice of the cleaner or the puce he has set in a contract with the government, whichever is cheaper. Issued Replacements Meanwhile the soldier who has been shipped before he could secure l)is clothing is issued replacements. The circular describing the new plan states, accoiding to the Longjjorn, that the loss of clothing m such cases is not to be considered the fault of the soldier.
Record supplies have really dwindled, but The Foster Shop still has some swell records. And incidentally, they have some more nifty ones ordered—a hint to the wise is sufficient. “Moanin’ Low’’, an album of torch songs by Lena Horne sure is . . . well, you know. Tommy Dorsey’s lat-. cst release, “The Night We Called It a Day” with “Another One of Them Things” on the other side is in stock. A few more are “My Ideal”, “TIow Sweet You Arc”, “Cherry”, “Holiday for Strings”, “Later Tonight”, and others.
Perhaps you’ve seen Schaffer’s belt of the month in Vogue Magazine—if so, you can buy One at Thieme and Wangerin. They’re just swell to add a new touch of color to that old dress—they come in all colors, kelly green, red, black,
navy, and orchid. If terested at all
you re min sewins
Thiem^'s have a nice selection of materials. Some new is the plain colored Peter Pan linen finish for blouses, in white, pink, yellow, and light blue, at 5T)c per yard. You can always use a dickie—here they have the convertible collar irrall colors, plain and striped.
Reamer Club
. . . announces the election of Richard J. Reed as treasurer and Micha J. Schocken as sergeant-at-arms to replace James D. Pecsok and George P. Archer, ROTC students leaving the University.
One of the best minor investments you can make is in hooks. A good library is something to be proud of and to treasure forever. Amble down to the University Book Store, official representative of the Book-of-thc-Month Club, and see their selection of liooks. Thev have classic and modern novels, books on every sub ject. Perhaps you’d like the winner of the 1943 Thomas Jefferson Award—“Taps for Private Tussie’’ Iry Stewart, or maybe “Leaves of Grass” by Whitman, or even “Best Cartoons of 1943”. Whatever you fancy most, look lierc.
A two-seated modification of the P39, 01 Aiiacobra, designed to permit new pilots to make trial flights with instiuctois, IS de&ciibed by the
Kelly Field Flying Times.
See Union Story Saturday
\
INVITING BALLROOM
We offer you one of the Finest Ballrooms in Indiana to hold your parties. Accommodate 300 couples. An exceptional dance floor.
^ LEARN TO DANCE ^ NEW CLASSEi^ OPEN BEGINNER'S, Wed., Feb. 9th, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED, Thurs., Feb. 10th, 7:30 P. M.
ALLEN'S SCHOOL OF DANCING
6th and FERRY STS., LAFAYETTE
controls and a simplified instrument
Called the TP39, the new ship is pa.iel .so that both tiainee and inequipped with a second full set of stiuctor can fly the ship.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
No matter what branch of the service you are headed lor, you wdl find AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES the best s\ay to cany your travel money They are not only spendable everywhere, but they have an important safety feature that protects you It is tins if they are lost or stolen, you gjct a prompt refund. Issued in denomination* of $10, $20, S50 and $100. Cost 75i; for each $100. Minimum cost 40;; for $10 to $50. for sale at banks and Railwa) Repress Office*.
OFFICIAL U S. NAVY PHOTOGRAPH
*1
TRAVELERS CHEQUES
This 'WA'VE — and hundreds like her —helps keep ’em flying. She’s an important cog in the machinery which makes Navy fliers. As a Link Trainer Instructor, her job is to give directions to fliers, seated in cockpits of stationary training planes. The instrument in front of her, called a “crab,” records how well the pilot carries out those directions. As a result of this kind of training, hazards are greatly reduced for pilots when they go aloft. The inset shows a rating badge worn by Link 'Trainer Instructors, the “T” meaning teacher. A new booklet about the WAVES is available at Navy Recruiting Offices.
in the World!
m