V
(Eht
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
v&tl&A ihyni
f
Lafayette, Indiana, l%&s^ay, January 14, 1937
NUMB^T?
^lt>yd Hirier
As Hoosier Cbttt King
I^ejiliew Claims 4-H
600 Honor Medal Winners At Banquet President Elliott Toast* inaster At Annuld Stockmen^s Baiiquet Approximately 600 Hoosier stocklaaAn paid tribute to Indiana’s 1936 medal and trophy witmers in the livestock wojrld at Jbhe annual livestock Breeders Association banquet held in the ballroom of the Iklemorial Union Building last night. First announcement of winners was made immediately following the dinner when The “Hoo’s-Yere” Boundup, a novel eight page newspaper carrsring a complete list of winners, was distributed by news-
boys.
Conner Trophy C. O. House, Arcadia, for the second consecutive year received the coVeted Conner trophy, a 26-piece stei*iing silver s^i, awarded liim iii reco^ition qf his ownership of the Bei^an stallion sireing the greatest mlpnber of Cold Medal Colt Club wipers. A. W. Shideler was awarded the Marion Williams trophy for produc(Continued on page 3)
Entomology Club To Meet J. J. Davis, G. E. Lehker, J. M. Aipos, and 6. E. Marshall will talk before a meeting of the Entomolgy Clu]b tonight at 7:30 p. m. in Agric^tural Hall. They will report on the Entomolo|^cal meetings at the American Association for the Advancement of Science convention which was held at Atlantic City, New Jersey dui^ing the holidays. ^he meeting is open to everyone.
Championship; Conn Wins On Single Ear Floyd Btiner, Lewisville, was awarded the crown of Indiana Com King for the stecond consecutive year yesterday when his ten ear exhibit of Ried’s Yellow Dent was judged the best of the ^^ies in the ptate com show bein§ held in the faculty lounge of the lifLemorial Union Bulling. George B. Faker exhibited the reserve sweepstakes sample of this, the men’s show. Richard Hiner, Knightstown, followed closely in his uncle’s footsteps by winning the highest honors in the 4-H club show, his ten ear exhibit cariying off the championship of the junior show. Pre^ Conn Wins Fred Conn won the single ear championship and John Herkless received reserve sweepstakes honors in the men’s single ear class. In the boy’s single ear show Dale Price won first and Russell Hardin won reserve honors. Other regional winnera in the men’s classes are Ralph Heilman, Roy Parker, and Alfred Hall. Walter Harpel showed the first place peck of wheat while Roy Snoeberger won the oats championship. Harry Patterson, showing Dunfields, won the soybean class and Elmer Jolliff showed the sweepstake sample of red clover seed. Alva Holsine exhibited the best entry of Korean Lespedeza.
Haile Selassie Iowa State Champ
By the!
Jj^porter
January 14, 1937 HEBE’S a story on Ohio’s Governor Martin L. Davey: It seems thai Charles A. Femald, a senior at bhio State, was ordered to obtain an autographed pair of the governor’s shorts as part of an initiation ^tliut. Fernald telephoned to find out the jfovemor’s size; then he bougjbt a, ^ai^^ wUed^ at^^e execijtive’s office ana proposed a swap. Governor Davey consented, went into a side office, and a few minutes latpr, presented Femald with the autographed shorts . . .
—30—
PERJEAPS you like riddles . . . then try this one: If Moses is the son of Pharoa!^s daughter, who is the daughter of Pharoah’s son? ... Answer tomorrow,
—SQ—
^^ved . . . by a pipeful)” Earl Merrow, campus foreman at Ssrracuse Universitjy is proudly displaying the dent in his tin of tobacco whijsh, stowed away in a breast pocket, turned dya!y a stray arrow the other day. Mr. Merrow suspects the amatepr co-ed pphers and plpps to <»Try a fine of tobacco every day ... in every pocket.
—-"30
:^RS. Rijjbye irix ^iopcheck, 21-yes|r-oj,d wiaoyr of the la^e Representative Marion A* Zioncheck, last Satordpy enplled pS;a^freshman at the University ^ ^Wamington . , . I^RANKLI^ D. Roosevelt b^ winnii|g last November, missed tne,,opponunity of i|)ecoming the first
“lame duck” President torFo#MAU«lstay
the hisTh!|2pth
,to“]
Ha% Selassie was not the grand champion steer at the International Livestock Show in Chicago! He was champion at the 1936 Iowa State
Fair!
An “Ag” has informed us that his answer to Professor Hall’s question was a humorous fact. Humbly, on the junctions of our femurs and tibias, we beg your pardon for criticizing your answer, Mr. Ag! But we still think you were slinging the bull.
Chinese Student HI Miss Yuen Yu Chou, graduate student from Nanking, China, has been in the St. Elizabeth hospital since January 2 with dipthetia, scarlet fever, and complications. Her condition yesterday was critical, but it is believed that she is holding her
RUSH Semester Rush sign up Friday afternoon at 4 in Room D of the Memorial Union Building. —SCHAAF.
Are You Broken-H^hrted? Labor LosV^ At Ddad-Letter tiff ice
By R. P. Manion “i)i4 m^n it ;iv^en you Said “1 l|v^ yoii^”—^wkl in a ^eat n^ber of cases it doesn’t matter, for the letter never reaches the person for whom it was intended but ends up in some branch of the postal dead-letter office. The letter is read—^by some clerk in the post office who has been assigned to the handling of improperly addressed mail, but usually he or she has become calloused to declarations of love or affection, perhaps even immune to cardiac emotions, through the reading of so many love letters that the epistolary efforts ai^e not only not appreciated but even scorned. 2,000 Dead Letters Approximately 2,000 Christmas greetings received at the Lafayette post office last month did not convey their message of cheer because they carried incorrect a<|dresses or no address at ail. 6iie thousand of these, mailed af the third-class rate
of 1 and 1-2 cents, were labeled as “junk” mail and destroyed, and the other thousand, mailed firstclhss, weiit to the dead-letter branch of the department, where they are being opened by the secretary to the assistant postmaster. The West Lafayette post office also reported larger quantities of the misdirected Christmas cards and letters than usual, but no figures were available since that type of mail IS sent to the East Side office. No Longer Funny “It used to be entertaining to read tjhe love letters tllat rame to the dead-letter office,” the lady clerk at the liofayette offiqe said, “but I’ve read so many of them by now that Tj put off the task as long as possible.” “Are you from Purdue?” she inq(uired. We assented. “Well, I wish you would tell the (Continued on page 4)
Tryoiits F<>r Three Campus Brodtlfctitiiis Begin Today
P. I. A.
Ices Ac-
tivity Oil kiinorous And Timely Skits Tryouts for two skits to be presented by P. I. A. February 3 will be held at 7 this evening in room A of the Memorial Union Building. All present members of the Skit Shop and any Independents interested in stage work have been asked to attend. One skit, “Tobacco Alley/’ humorously presents life in the backwoods. The other, “At The Examiners,” is a timely satire on the |>reparations of final examinations, V'^hich is expected io explain “why” to many students when it is presented after the mid-semester ex-
i
ams.
Dr. Wicks To Talk At tioilvb ileaii of Princeton Chapel Here Janumry 17 Dr. LawreUoe qadley, ohairman of the University convocatio/i commi^liee. has^ ahn,oui^ce^ ]^at |>ean Kobert Russell Wicks of the Princeton Uniyersily Cha^eL will spqak qt the Sunday, morffing worship convocation on January 17. Dr. Wicte will speak on “Religion In A Sbcular, World.” Before coming ^ to Princeton, the speai:er wim ^aplain at Mount Holyoke College. ^He is a member boar^ of directors of the Union Theological Seminary. TTie Uniyeysity choir, un<i^r the direction of A. P. Steward, will sujplepient the program with vocal Selections.
Playshbp Sllarts Casting
Work On “Both Your Souses”
Playshop tryouts for “Both Your Houses,” Lawrence Anderson’s recent Broadway hit, will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the tower room of the Memorial Union Bmlding. Gilbert Dunbar Williams, who is to. direct the play, announced that all who have previously registered for Playshop are asked to try out. Anyone else who desires ^^to ti^r out may register this afternoon. Rehearsals will be planned so as not to interfere with final examinations.
Uhd^r Tti^ Mirrbr Bosk notes {torn the Brawslnar Boom
JAMAICA iNht By Daphnr ^ululaurier Jamaica Inn stands today, a hospitable and kindly house but the author has written a tale of horror concerning this old iduce hs it was a hundred and twenty years ago. It stands on the harsh Cornish moors not far from the coast and was a hideout for sihugglers and murderes who in those days were wreckers of ships for the plunder which thus would be brought to them. A country girl and her aunt, the wife of the landlord of the Inn, the landlord himself, and his brother, a horse thief and an albino preacher are the chief characters who walk through the pages of this romantic tale of adventure of far away and long agb.
Freshlnen Nalne Forty For Student Senate
Science, Physical • Education Frosh Meet At 11:50 a.m. Forty freshmen were nominated as candidates to the Student Senate from the agriculture, engineering, home economies, and pharmacy schools at poorly attended meetings of the respective groiips yesterday afternoon. Nominatidhs ftom^ the schools of physical education and science will be held in the Memorial G3rmnasiUm and Stanley Coulter Hall, respectively, at 11:60 o’clock this morning. Yesterday’s nominees dnd those freshmen selected this morning will
NOMINATIONS TODAY
Nominations fi^om the freshman class of the school of physical education will bo held m the Memorial Gymnasium at il.oO o’clock this morning under the supervision <jf jPMamon. Freshman science students will meet in Stanley Coulter Hall, under D. N. Wait, at the same time.
be expected to appear at the Senate office in the Memorial Union Building at 4 o’clock this afternoon to have their pictures taken for posters to be used by the Senate in publicizing the election, Dick Craig, chairman of the Senate elections committee announced last night. (Continued on page 4)
a
99
Agnus Alumnus To Receive New Home Tddky Noon
!
Subscribers to the Fjurdue Agriculturist will have a chance ter win a registered Chester Whito gilt at the Ag Alumni banquet today in the new Agricultural Engineering Building. According to L. 0. B]^ton, circulation maimger of the Agriculturist, each subscriber will be given one chance for each year’s subscription. Agnus has an unusual p^grep for she has the dist^nctioUj of li^ng a full sister of the 4936, grand champion barrow at the International Exposition, and is a daughter of the only sow in the world to produce two International grand champion barrows. The Ag Alumni Association purchased Agnus from the University for the express purpose of giving her to the lucky winner at this drawing.
Alplia Tail bmega Alpha Tau Omega announces the pledging of Fred Cary, Royal Oak, Michigan; Henry Platz, De^it, Michigan; Fred Robbins, Lafayette; and J. O. Freese, Edinburg.
Pi K. A.’s Choose “College Holiday” StjrCOil Star
Brunette Marsha Hunt Chosen By 1 Vote Over Blond Harriet Haddon In a national poll to pick the most ideal girl from an American collegO for the cast of Paramount’s motion picture, “College Holiday,” starring Jack Benny, Miss Marsha ilunt was selected by the 76 chapters of Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity as most nearly approximating the
college mpn’s ideal.
Miss Hunt won by the na^ow piargi^ of one yote over Miss Harriot Haddon. Miss Hunt, who plays the feminine lead in the picture, will henceforth Jl;>e kdoM as “The Dream Girl of Pi K, A„” the frat-
emity’s^S'vireetheart song,
Haddon Gets Contraet
J Miss Heddon has been signed to a |ong-^rm cpntraqt as a resqlt of vote. by M
was arrange
Salt. > iiv ■>
II lUppa Alpha frafariiity. Mariha K«inh
Pf 'iTh. eJaiS Girl of II «
s& Ms: M
cm* hm
al futura piderat.
ona rofa. A
Bf Miif HmtM'
25 Chaj^t^hs Pick Ideal CohegeGirlTbPlay Leid M idotioii Pictore
by Harlan Thompson, supervisor and producer for Paramount and a ^emlier df Ih^ frStemil^. 1 t „ Both girls foqnd supporters in every section of the eopntty. Neither north, south, mMdl<f> ,yefk aor far west showed a demded preference. The Purdue chapter of Pi, K. A. voted for Miss Haddoh and received an Autographed photograph for their effiapter room. “Haa Everytl£fg” In cottunentiii^ on their selection, a Virginia chapter sdid, “#e pi^ed Mkrshi Hunt hieadse she’p oi^ idea of a typical college co-ed. She’s a brunette^ dm ^eems to have personality,* tteiMUness, chMt poise; she’s* alltfactive and natural; she to lave pvexythtqg all girls should have—but don’t.**
Boynton To TalkTodayOn Employment “How To Write Letters Of Application” At Brd Leetkre Of Series P. W. Bosmton, employment manager of the Socony Vacuum Oil Company, will speak in the lecture room of the Education Building at 4 o’clock this afternoon on the subject “How To Write Letters Of Application.” This will be the third in the general senes “How To Secure Employment.” Boynton does all the employing of college graduates for his company, and has visited here in previous years to interview seniors. However, this marks the first time he has made a public lecture on the campus. Well Qualified The particular work done hy Mr. Bosmton, from his New York office, well qualifies him to speak on letters of apphcation. Every year he examines from 8,000 to 10,000 of such letters, as well as interviewing between 12,000 and 18,000 applicants in person. He will give from his personal experience some samples of both good and bad applications. After graduating from Syracuse University fifteen years ago* Boynton went with the Socony-Vacuum Oil Company as a member of the sales department. Most of his time however, has been spent in the employment division of the Industrial Relations department. During the day, he will also have time to give private mtervievra to semors who desire employment with the oil company.
Co-ed Rush Registration Second Semest^ Rksb Starts ilidnight Sunday. February 7 Co-eds interested ingoing Girough second semester rush should register tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in room D of the Memorial Union Building, Sara Schaaf* president the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council* announced last mght. Another registration will be held in the same room Friday, February 5* for thorn girls who fail to register tomorrow* Miss Schaaf said. Second semester rush starts at midnight Sunday, February 7* and continues until midnight of Saturday, February 13. Sorori^ pledging may take place any time during this week The registration fee is Hie same as for the first semester—two dollars—^Miss Schaaf stated.
Philmb^liy And ReH^nn Group Meets To^y CriHctd analysis of the Bible wiR be the topic of a talk by Mrs. Wlli^ap)^ M^Fadden* assis^nt of t^ Wesley Foundation* at the meeting of the Philosophy anA Reli^on g^up of the T. W. C. A. ^ the office, of the organisation todsy at 4 o’clock.
Wet And Cold Tnnpy ^ WmalOm Hawn
I s^d jit wq\4d t. and ft rained. I sa^ it would fireei^a and it thawed I ^raid ^ I preffieted d <^d wind and we had hahny spring hre^e^ i |a# about to jg^ve this j^h one said^ “WWdo»*t you got analmana^?** A4 laat ’‘^hfuanatf* of f g^ess^Pd %re|^the^tpi^ d^<g|v^ii^newahnanait. tt wRI 1^ wet anii odd.11-**
Freshman Apathy Do the University freshmen merit representation in the Student Senate? Attendance at the nominating sessions yeswday aiternoon indicates that they do not. When fewer than 10 per cent of a group of students participate in elections pertaining to their own interests, something should be done to remedy the situation. True, rainy weather and a^icultural meetings did offer a weak excuse for some, but more than 10 per cent of the class should comprise the voting element. Freshman pharmacy students made a fair showing, with 28 out of about 75 students present. Not Quite 7 per cent of the home economics class, 35 from an enrollment of 235, attended its meeting. Freshman engineers had a representation of 110 students out of 1,202. Twenty-two agricultural students named the nominees for their class of ^88. Because of poor attendance at the scheduled gatherings of science and physical education students—^not one of the 67 P. E. students showed up, and only 13 of_ the 221 science freshmen appeared for their session—nc^inations for those schools will be held this morning. We do commend those freshmen who attended their respective meetings in spite of any conveniences that they may have had to incur. Perhaps the others will redeem themselves by turning out for the campaign rally in Eliza Fowler Hall tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock.—R. P. M.
Unicameralism At Nebraska Eyes of students of government are turned toward Lincoln, Nebraska, where the only one-house legislature in the United States is swinging into action. Fourteen other states are particularly interested in the outcome of Nebraska’s experiment; Delaware, Iowa, Kansas, Maine, Missouri, Montana, North Dakota, Ohio, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Wisconsin, Washington, and Wyoming have all drafted unicameral legislation during the past two years. Unicameralism was approved in an amendment to the Nebraska state constitution by 100,000 majority vote of the people in November, 1934. The amendment provides for a onebody legislature of not less than 30 and not more than 50 members which is to meet biennially and is to be paid the gross sum of $37,500 a year. Forty-three members comprise the new legislature and replace a lower house of 100 legislators and an upper house of 33. In primary and general elections this year candidates for the law-making body were placed on ballots without any party designation. As a result the Democrats have a majority of only one, 22 to 21, despite Roosevelt’s victory margin of 100,000 and a Democratic gubernatorial plurality of 77,000. Unicameralism is not new in the United States. Georgia, Pennsylvania, and Vermont employed one-house legislatures during their earliest days, but Vermont, the last to change over, adopted bicameralism in 1836. Dr. John Senning, of the University of Nebraska and one of the sponsors of the experiment, lists the following advantages.of the new form of government: 1. The group is small, allowing for the placing of responsibility of each member. 2. The procedure is simple which in itself will frustrate scrupulous lobbyists. 3. Ample opportunity for checking upon its own legislature is provided because of the clear cut method of introducing and passing upon bills and the freedom of a time limit upon the sessions. 4. The unicameral is a saving to the taxpayer. 5. The general efficiency of the new gov-
Wffe $urtiue exponent
Foande4 in 188t
1986 Member 1987 ASSOCIATED COLLEGIATE FBESS . Distributors of COLLEGIATE DIGEST RePRBSBNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College PtAlishers Retrefentative A20 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGELES - PORTLAND - SEATTLE Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by maO, 18.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by singrle copy, 2 eents. MAIM OFFICE—812 Mortb Fifth Street Bu8inwsJPbone 6088^^^EditariMJPhone^BB87 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Sditor4n-Cblef..
EDITORIAL STAFF
.W. T. Hunt
Manaeing Editor .E. EL Morris Asuciists Editota.—K. A. Barnette, J. B. Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler Bophomoze Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin, A. B. Keller, E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil, C. n. Sebroeder, H. L StaAback, D. R. Vance
Editor..
WOMEN’S STAFF
Aasoeiate Editors Advertising Mnuurer
.Helen Creech
BUSINESS STAFF Bnsinsae Mnneger. — Mationsl Advertising Manager...-...—.... ZmsI Advertising Manager...-, Obenlation Mnnager.—
tmm.
SPORTS STAFF
AsBoelgte Rditors~..-W, H. nflfdd, S. R. Griffiths, B. F. Obenebain
iMme IBditDr-~J. A. Chapin
emment will bring back the former prestige of the lawmaking body. 6. The new system allows for a more direct contact with people of the state, thus enabling legislators to keep better pace with the changing needs of every community. —R. P. M.
■a*
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER rJb gjtfiHeme wM met etteme rufemM/tf ier the efMtmi met Si iMV Etihw. Mk e/tm/mt en leltlr then «/ writer.
More About Penalty Days As I see it, the purpose behind the peculiar institution we at Purdue call the penalty day is to see that students do not extend their vacations. In short, they are su^po^ed to remain here through their final class before each holiday and then come back on time. There are two things wrong with this system—^two things that are strikingly out of place in a supposedly democratic school. First, with what is supposedly a system of voluntary attendance in operation here, there seems to be no valid reason for making attendance compulsory on some days and voluntary on others. If a student wishes to spend a few extra days at home, why let him go home in the middle of school and yet force him to remain when he probably most wishes to go? If there is any sound logic in back of that, I can’t find it. Keeping the students from going home too early before vacations and from staying home too long afterwards is all right, provided that they are also compelled to be in school all the time. But, with voluntary attendance, the penalty day ruling is left without a leg to stand on. The second and most improper thing wrong with the ruling is that it gives an undeniable advantage to the student with money. With only a fee of five dollars as penalty, any student (and there are quite a few) who has that much cash running around loose can miss his penalty day classes. But the student who is working his way through school and the student whose parents can’t aiford to give him a lot of money must stay in Lafayette, watching the rich boys get the privilege of going home. If that’s fair, if that’s democratic, if that’s based on sound reasoning, I’ll eat my hat. The whole penalty day system is bad. Why keep it ?
About Smoking
BOB CRAIG, member of the rough neck Sig crew—(all except Claypole?) MUELLER, and MARTINS, and a member of the Chiseler’s Sorority, WRH, have decided they can’t study alone. You’ll see them in the library every day of the week—at least MURIEL COLIP believes BOB can’t study without her inspiration . . . No, not today—maybe tomorrow —at least MARY ANN KELSEY isn’t wearing BENNY HENSLER’S pin today—^we saw them going together again yesterday so she’ll no doubt be sporting the pin again soon .... .STUCKEY manager of the Union Bowling Alleys, claims that the coed BLANCHE KERNEL is the best pin-girl that has ever set pins in the Union alleys—^BLANCHE set pins for two games yesterday morning—she is now All-University Women’s Champion Pin-Setter— Congratulations chump, I mean champ . . .
..JeanAn Janousde, Doris McCartney,
Eliabeth Pyke -.Hettgr Barnett
JR. J. Hnlse -JL H. Brown —D. C. MlUer „.jr. P. Girard
-UD.Wood
Smoking is accepted for women who have acquired the habit. However, what seems unnecessary is that girls who mingle with feminine smokers for the first time think they must indulge in the habit. Whether it adds to a girl’s charm is a clearly debatable subject. There are as many men who congratulate a non-smoker as there are men who are indifferent about or like the habit in women. Consequently a girl, in making up her mind, must consider many different points. First the co-ed tries smoking a cigarette—often a very amusing scene in the presence of veterans. If the novice does not mind the unpleasant aftertaste in her mouth, and really enjoys the smoking, she may take up the expensive habit to a mild or severe degree. Maybe the girl does not like smoking but believes that it is the fashionable thing to do. In this case her reasoning is wrong, for the novelty of women smoking has worn off. Ten years ago it was a daring act to commit sans parent’s knowledge. That there are fewer girls who smoke living in the Women’s Residence Hall this year than in the past two years is the belief of Miss Helen Schlemen, director of the hall. This only tends to show that smoking is losing its hold on the faddish feminine population. If a man is searching for a girl like his mother who does not smoke, there-are attractive, popular co-eds from which to choose. More often an ed may not be looking for a girl like his mother and does not care if a co-ed smokes. However, if the man finds an attractive non-smoker, he may think that she is just a little more charming for the lack of the habit. Of course, it is a great saving on the wallet of the male if a girl prefers not to smoke; anyone will admit the expense. Choosing to smoke for effect only may lead a girl to smoke in a showy, silly fashion. Men delight in making fun of co-eds who smoke poorly. Consequently in making a decision a novice needs to consider nost only her pocketbook but that smoking was originally a masculine habit. Feminine smoking is just another case in which women have stepped into the masculine field.—^E. C. P.
It won’t be long before the campus will be minus one swell girl— one CHARLOTTE FORMAN—it is to be wedding bells this spring for her—our loss is a certain home town boy’s gain—^there are also reports that MID DICKEY, a former campus belle is going to be in the nup tial business this sPi^ing too—from Attica, Indiana, the reports have been confirmed that VADA COX, who was here only a semester last year, is going to ankle down to the altar in the near future—.congratn lations to all of you and yours for happiness . . .
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“No, we need experienced men—go get some experience and then see me!”
duction “Castles In The Air” which is going to be the musical comedy put on by the UNION this spring— there are a lot of swell parts available for this production in both the cast and chorus—^the work is hard, but being in the show is really worth the time and trouble—^by the way it is a real accomplishment to
be chosen for either cast or pony chorus. . . AILEEN MARSHALL is going the rounds reporting to everyone that CHARLEY PIERCE has finally planked his pin out—^it looks as though AILEEN is afraid that (Continued on page 4)
SHE CAUGHT A MURDERER «»a AND A HUSBAND!
Exponent Platform
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Rstabiish merit systems for campus activ ity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups, 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce hon- . oraryleeaTfantaday, JANUABY 14,1987
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Ex-Net Stars To Play Here Kessler, Wooden Return For Pro Game Sunday is homecoming day for three of Purdue’s great basketball stars, Johnny Wooden, Bob Kess> ler, and Red Lambert. All three are coming to the Lafayette armory at 3 p. n). Sunday to show the home town folks they can still play a plenty of basketball for the Kautsky basketball team of Indianapolis. The Kautsky five is one of the best known professional net teams in the mid-west and has enjoyed a successful season thus far. The Peerless team of Lafayette will furnish the opposition for the highly touted Indianapolis team and is conceded a chance to upset the Eautskys if they get a few breaks. At least the game should provide a lot of fireworks. Wooden Still Hot Johnny Wooden and Bob Kessler are undoubtedly two of the best players ever turned out by the Boilermakers. Wooden burned up the hardwood for Purdue some six years ago, but is thought by many to be in every bit as good form now as he was in the Big Ten despite five years of play in the tough professional circles. Pros Can’t Stop Him Kessler is a more recent graduate of Purdue basketball, having graduated only last year. His uncanny shots baffled Big Ten foes to the extent of giving him high scoring honors last year with 161 points. Professional teams have given him little more to worry about, and he is still ringing that hoop plenty of times in each game. His tricky left handed shots had the great New York Celtics guessing while he garnered 16 points in a recent encounter. Red Lambert was added to the Kautsky team only lately when the Indianapolis defense was in need of reenforcement. Besides stopping the leak in the defense Red has added quite a few points to the Kautsky ledger and has been showing all of his old form.
Today—Fri.—Sat. 2 BIG FEATURES
The SCREEN WORLD’S ANSWER
TO THE
Jewell Young Has Highest Totid 3cove In College Cage Race Leader of all Indiana college basketball players as well as Big Teu scoring leader is the role of Jewell Yoxmg, Purdue’s great forward. Young, with 44 field goals and 26 free throws for a total of 114 points, displaced Stuart of Taylor in the scoring race. Gunning, Indiana University forward, holds third place. Sines, Anderson, and Malaska, along with Young, give the Boilermakers four out of the first ten positions. The scoring is as follows: GP FG FT TP Young, f. Pur. 10 44 26 114 Stuart, f. Taylor .... 9 27 40 94 Gunning, f, Ind 9 34 20 88 Sines, f. Pur .10 30 18 78 Moir, c-f, N. D 9 29 18 76 Anderson, c-f. Pur. 10 26 14 66 Malaska, g. Pur. ....10 27 12 66 Nowak, c, N. D 9 21 22 64 Close, f, Hunt’ton 8 24 16 63 Stimson, f DePauw 10 26 10 62
Co-eds To Try Out For Bowling Team Tryouts for places on the co-ed bowling team which will engage the Illinois University squad February 13, will be held at the bowling alleys in the Memorial Union Building at 7:46 o’clock this evening. The following girls are asked to report: Louise Bain, Margaret Richey, Bernadine Barnes, Marion Long, Lois Mills, Edith Herman, Marjorie Sundvahl, Ruth Moore, Blanche Kernel, and Vi Dammeyer,
Students interested in scheduling a special train to Bloomington for the basketball game Saturday should phone the Monon ticket office, 6701, in order that a check can be made on the number who would go. At least 150 are needed to get a special made up and about 135 have purchased tickets already. All calls and inquiries shoidd be made at once so that arrangements can be made.
R. E. Driesen,'‘C. E. ’36, has resigned his position with the Chicaygo and Northwestern Railroad to ^cept a position as Assistant to Chief Engineer of the Thilmany Pulp & Paper Corporation, Chicago.
Dorner*s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, nisht latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
TODAY-FBI^AT.
2 FIRST RUN HITS
He Fights Guns With Punsl
JOHNNY
MACK BROWN
I 'Tielcier’s.... I I*' ....choice] • AMMsBy Bob Walpole #
Following the Illinois game here next Monday night, which to say the least will 1^ a honey, the Boilermakers will not play at home for almost a month . . . meeting Iowa in aYetum engagement on the Jefferson Gsrm hardwood on February 13th . . . —tela that game at Bloomington going to be a tough one? ... you can answer that for yourself . . . from ticket sales reports a lot of people are expecting to see the fur fly, for the gym seating capacity has been filled for several days . . . —fo— We asked Jim Seward about this tussle after he had returned from a win over Iowa ... he says, "we haven’t been in top form yet, but we will be against Indiana Saturday night” ... them ain’t his exact words, but they were something like that, and we are just illustrating the team"^ attitude toward the Hoosiers . . . —fc— The Indiana Daily Student is conducting a contest for a new name for their athletic teams . . . some of them are just too ducky for words ... here’s a few. .. FIRE EATERS . . . STAR DUSTERS . . . RIGHT SQUADRON... MEN OF FURY.. HILL BILLIES .. THE MARAUDERS FROM THE COUNTY MONROE . . . HOOSIER HOT SHOTS ... THE WILD BOYS FROM THE COUNTY OF MONROE ... maybe Indiana had better stick to the old school methods and get along with just plain Cream and Crimson or Hoosiers ... what do you think? ... —fc— Purdue’s John Drake is no relation to the singing Johnny Drake songster of Emerson Gill’s Pittsburgh dance band . . .
BASKETBALL —TODAY— Court 1—Official, Brinson 7:00—Sigma' Chi vs. Delta Upsilon. 7:15—^Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Court 2—Official, Hobart 7:00—Ward 7-x vs. Ward 8. 7:16—Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Court 3—Official, Abell 7:00—^Phi Kappa Tau vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 7:16—Acacia vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon.
Volleyball Semi-Fiiials ' Scheduled For Monday Semi-finals of the intramural coed volley-ball tournament are scheduled for Monday, January 18. The winning teams will play in the flinals on January 19. Points will be awarded to the winning team according to the number of games played. A class volleyball tommament will begin second semester. Numerals will be given the members of the class teams. W. A. A. intra-mural bowling will also be held second semester. Members of the winning team will also receive W. A. A. points.
Re-Crown Floyd Hiner ’36 Com King (Continued from page 1)
Indiana Five Prepares For Boilermakers Statistics Forecast Hot Battle; Report A Complete Ticket Sell-Out Blomington, Ind.—(ACP)—^In an atmosphere charged with grim determination, Indiana university’s basketball players sped through a long practice drill here this afternoon in preparation for the traditional battle with Purdue’s undefeated Boilermakers Saturday evening. Every one of the 6,800 seats available in the I. U. field house have been sold for the renewal of the ancient rivalry. Indiana and Purdue have not met in basketball since the 1934-1936 season when 1. U. won the last game 41-35 to avenge an earlier defeat by the Boilennakers, 44-38. Determined Hoosiers All traces of over-confidence completely wiped out by the 40-31 upset by Illinois last Monday, Coach Everett Dean’s proteges are preparing for a bitter battle with Piggy Lambert’s high-scoring coiirt stars, who have extended their winning streak to ten in a row with three Conference wins over Wisconsin, Michigan and Iowa. Paced by the uncanny accmracy of Jewell Yoxmg, Purdue holds a slight edge in comparative scoring statistics. The Boilermakers have averaged 44.8 points in ringing up their ten consecutive victories. Indiana’s sharpshooters 'j^ave averaged 44.4 points in winning eight out of nine starts. The I. U. defense has been more effective this season, holding their opponents to 26.4 points per game as compared with 28.7 points averaged by Purdue’s opponents. In Conference competition, however, the Lafayette lads show a greater superiority by averaging 38 points to their rivals’ 29, whereas the Hoosiers have posted an average of 36 to 30.
ing to marketable age the largest percentage of lambs, while Paul Fisher, Carmel, won the Barker trophy in the ton litter contest. Association president, 0. R. Quakenbush, introduced President E. C. Elliott who in turn acted as toastmaster throughout the remainder of the program. Editors Speak W. A. Cochel, a former member of the University staff and present editor of the Weekly Kansas City Star, speaking on the subject, “Be An Optimist,” delivered the principal address of the evening. Dr. Elliott paid tributed to Henry W. Marshall, Lafayette publisher, and noted agricultural worker, in introducing him to the group. Charles E. Snyder, editor of the Chicago Drovers’ Journal, made a short talk relative to agricultural prospects for the coming year and Henry Schricker, Lieutenant Governor was introduced. Prof. C. Harper, member of the animal husbandry department and association secretery-treasurer was in charge of arrangements.
DR. A. M. IRION ^DENTIST 119 Yz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
As colorful as the Tropics!
RYTEX RIO PRINTED STATIONERY With the stately palm or the two-tone border in exquisite pastel shades . . . smart threadloom paper. 50 DOUBLE SHEETS 50 ENVELOPES
With Printing on Sheets and Envelopes Grey threadloom paper with Hacienda Blue* Pampas Green or Adobe Grey palm or border design. Ivory threadloom with Villa Brown palm or border design. For letter-waiters . . . North, East, South or West . . . personal printed stationery as gay as a caballerol Haywood’s Retail Dept.
Cut Frosh Cage Squad To Twenty Coach Fehring has found it a hard job to cut the aspirants for the net squad down to twenty due to the uniformity of ability shown by the men who are now out for freshman basketball. However, from the original one hundred and twenty, the following men will continue to report for practice:'Baker, Baretta, Behrens, Britt, Brock, J. Brown, Close, B. Fisher, D. Fisher, Hershelman, Lee, Locker, Lorenz, Lucas, Nesbitt, Oxley, Rauth, Shakelton, Stamm, Thursb;^, Thomas, Utter, Walkey, Williamson, Winchell, and Yeager. Ball Handlers From the skill exhibited by this squad when they encountered the varsity “B” team Tuesday, there is little doubt but that “Dutch’s freshmen” know how to handle the ball. After being trained in fundamentals since the beginning of the season, the squad is now going through rigorous defensive and offensive drills under the watchful eye of Coach Fehring.
Co-ed Volleyball In closely contested volley-ball games yesterday afternoon, co-eds from Ward 3 downed the WRH 3rd fioor team 17 to 16, and the Bronx defeated the WRH 2nd floor number 1 team, 26 to 22. The Kappas wer§ given a 1 to 0 decision over Ward 4 on a forfeit.
Don Lash Shotes Flash At KC Meet Indiana’s Don Lasii, AmuMs premier twe-miler, turned in « in* markable exhiMHon over tiie flib* boards to win Hie 8,000 mefer iOk vitation run as the Columbus Coun* dl of Hie Knandds of Columim* opened the indoor Iraek and fldd season in the 100th Infiuttry Axinory in New York, last wedc. lauii ran the distanee in 8d2L4
SQUASH —TODAY— 4:16—Blitz Vs. Scully. 6:00—^Lownie vs. Simmons. 6:46—^Parke vs. Tafel. 6:30—^Haiges vs. Blessing. 7:16—^Alexander vs. McGrath. 8:00—^Munro vs. Eberhard.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
CO-EDS: Don't forget Co-ed Day every Thursday and Friday. Phone Early for Appointments KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO Phone 7727 622 Main, Lafayette
s hme SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN^SPERB, Hdw.
822 Main St.
-forking //ard before ionals/’
Many of US are. And in cramming all our work into these few days before the semester ends, we may think we can go the limit without relaxation. It’s a good thing now and tken to take an hour ofiF and forget about studies. There is no better way to keep from going stale than to spend an hour or so in the Billiard Room of the Union. Here may be had the best of equipment at moderate prices. You’ll enjoy this fascinating game!
lliaXil
uuata o-^ooHt
X
Downstairs in die PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION Comer of Campus—Ceuter of Aftnikjt
r 'V l- tr t
j'-l'"?;' !&"' :k;. i/#-
^ E^tlb NJlStT
Mai.HTOat 13. m
TYPEWKITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, Sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Tins Week’s Special—Maple Nut alid New yprk. Chamberlin Ice Cream CO. ' Phone 8024.
Room and Board—For three students, boys, next semester at 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
F«r Rent—^Large double front room. 227 Wood street. Phone 3213.
Lost— Pi Eappa Phi ring. J. W. S. engraved on inside. Call 3904. Reward.
SOBSCRIBB TO THE EXPONENT
R. J. BATH Watch M9ker 608 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Tears in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 Elast Main
t
INTiNG
o
■ Vsddha ImM
iNOMi ^ MMiMiMini. 0B« CAROL'S 40»mmP
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do^ but we do it wdl Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite j^ost Office
B. and A (Continued from pkfee 2)
someone will spring the news on her and would that make her fkce ted.. TO A PURDUE CO-ED: Little darling don’t you cry; (But you’ll have cause to, by and by) Eds are a bunch of fish, it’s true. But they won’t always shower yon With dates and flowers. Stuff and things. Fraternity pins and diamond rings! For soon the tides must turn, and then You’ll regret deceiving men. Even an ed must have his day— (Then you’ll weep, and pay, and pay!) Take a tip from me, you dame; Ivory will help your little skin game Though you stand by and act so coy You’re not fooling every boy. Oh, judgement!—^though thou are fled From the mind of each co-ed— Help her wake up and realize That she can’t always fool us guys! By—Lest We Deceive.
The UNION desk is flashing a new personality—^there is a new girl waiting on us stu-dents and Ag Conferencers, and if looks mean service, there will never be any lacking .. . There are still excellent chances for those MARS PASSES this week —how about a few PROF TROFS from some able contributor—speaking of the MARS “Oh, Lord, please make me present at the theatre if my name is called for the four hundred smack tonight. Amen” . . .
Improve your ballroom dancing by enrolling in our new advanced class Friday, Jan. 16th, 7:30 P. M., Allen’s.
The thinkiiig fellow calls A YELLOW V-S FORD TAXI CAB' Black Cars for Special Ocea<^<HU 2Sc per paasenarer any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Mdth^’b Gldbs Arrangements have , been ^ completed l>y tlie Pi ifiieta Phi Mother’s club and Miss Rhea Walker, president of ijie pi i^hi Ali^iia^ Club, for the annual Valentine card phrty which is to Be held Febniary 2, in the faculty lounge of the MenioHhl iJiiion Bmiding.
Alpha Xi Delta Mother’s Club was ente^ained by the active chap ter find Mrs. Mae Gray, the sorority house mother, earlier this week at the chkpter house. Many letters from out-of-tdwn mothers were read, and refreshments were served.
The Mother’s Club of Alpha Chi Omega met the same evening at the home of Mrs. F. W. Bryant on North Salisbury street for a business and social session.
It would be suspected that when people rush about it’s because 6t some good reason. Perhaps going to « fire, or something like that It has been said that there’s a surplus of leisure In America, but that eVeryb^y is in more of a burry than ever before. Automobiles are made faster t]^n ever. People drive faster than ever. They even die faster than ever. JUost persons think the dare-devil aerial stuntster plays fast apd loose n^th life. They say, "I woifldn’t dp They shudder when they see a window cleaner hanging by a life fit, bteb above .t)^ street Most “i w^<ln't do that” r watch with b&ted breath th^ Btond steel worker walking algingerly afipohd on the skdl- . iita.luiga akyscraper. Nona of
Itovdas Ins. Co, So/sly Ssrvtes, I • The stunts of th,e rope walker, the trapeze performer, the high diver and all his brothers and sisters are not pursuits for the mme-run of Individuals. Not by a Jug full. But few drivers regard in a serious light the hazards of motoring. To most there’s nothing to worry about when a car is being driven at high rates of speed, or when a curve or comer is taken sharply, or when another car is met almost head on at the^top of a hill. The record of the <^currepce of automobile accidenta lasf year—the smashing of cars with trams, agamst trees and telephone po|es an^ f eflnit bridge8,1^ewreckipg of, oari| goii^ the pld,^ kK^d the collision of cars at innumerable places-~all go to Indicate that many drivers don’t realize the constant risks whlcb only the utmost care iMkM it pnsslbln tnsBvold. > ^ >
Members of Alpha Chi Omega Alumnae Club held a pot-luck supper followed by a short business session, at the home of Mrs. C. L. Lovell in West Lafayette Tuesday evening.
Frosh Nominate Senate Candidates (Continued from page 1)
Each nominee must also bring his one-dollar nomination fee, Craig said. Frosh Rally Plans for a campaign rally of the freshmen at Eliza Fowler Hall tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock are being completed. President Martin, of the Senate, stated yesterday. Each candidate for the Senate is required to come to Fowler Hall, where he will be introduced and will be permitted to make a speech if he so desires. Senate candidates will he voted on February 2 and 3, during registration for the second semester. One student will be elected to the Senate for each four nominees. Yesterday’s nominees include: Agriculture— E. A. Brewer, J. L. Hackleman, R. L. Hamilton, F. B. Hartman, E. C. Nesius, D. Paarlberg, S. G. Peterson, and G. E. Sears. Engineering— D. L. Brubeck, R. E. Buenting, D. Butterfield, S. W. Campbell, P. T. Cooper, J. A. Curtis, W. T. Cushing, J. I. Dean, D. R. Dickson, L. B. Diedier, M. E. Disney, W. B. Fenstermaker. H. F. Fischburn, H. Frazee, H. R. Gingher, W. A. Hart, J. M. Heeter, R. C. McNeil, C. B. Metz, R. R. Mock, J. P. Smith, R. C. Stroup, J. G. Swinney, and J. R. Wood. Home Economics— Treva Berry, Ruth Ezra, Dorothy Johnson, and Prances Raebig. Pharmacy— R. P. Gerding, P. D. Henderson, A. Mickewich, and J. L. Simmons.
Those of you who have a little excess avoirdupois will find this fact interesting. Potatoes contain much less fattening properties than peas, rice, com, wheat, or beans.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
The ttisk Denial 0inic DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. BABOLD S. bisk DB. BOBEBT G. BISK DB. LUTHEB A. BISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
‘^DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for J! COLLEGE Et)i;CATION H. G. RfilSNER
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portr^ts i*hc>to Sui^plios i05 Vine St. West Lafayette
BOSSUNG
VARSITYShop
fexlfsk Dividends iFot the man who wears Crown Cleaned Clothes. Not only jo l^s clotlies wear longer but he has miptovfed his personal thatt irifeans ttiiich to him ih dollars 3ad cedis. Have Clothes Crown Cleatied Regularly Crown Laundry FINE CLEANEBS op fine CLOTHES
NOTICES No noUcM Mc«|itwl after S N. m.
chemistry 30, 108—Condition examinations will be given in room 101, Education Building at 1 p. m., January 16. Applications must be made by January 16. —NELSON.
Deck Tennis—These games must be played some time before Friday, January 16, at 6 p. m.: Shaffer, Humphreys vs. Wetzel, Bush; Greenburg, Cook vs. Auld, Clymer; Lockner, Johnson vs. Venemann, Pyaer; Hibaer, Wilson va. Halstead, Kelly; CHiarles, Fitch vs. Campbell, Van Rie; Beilke, Boehm vs. Walker, Gross. —BIETH.
in
Glider Club—^Flight schedules are posted
—FAEWELL.
Kappa Psi—^Meeting January 14 at 7:30 p. m. in Room 206 in the Pharmacy Building. —ABTH.
Westminster Foundation Cabinet—Meethig at 6:80 p. m. January 14, at Foundation House. —SADLER.
W. A A. Volleyball—Kappas vs. Ward 4, in large gym at 4 p. m. WRH 8rd Floor vs. Ward 3, in small gym at 4 p. m. Bronx vs. WRH 2nd Floor No. 1, in large gym at 4:30 p. m. Thetas vs. WRH 2nd Floor No. 2, in small gym at 4:30 p. m. —THATCHER.
Y. W. C. A.—^Philosophy and Religion groups will meet in Y. W. C. A. office January 14, at 4 p. m. Mrs. McFadden will have charge of the meeting. —COAN.
Independents and Skit Shop—Tryouts for February 3 production will be held in room A of the Memorial Union at 7 p. m. January 14. Skits to be used are “Tobacco Alley” and “At The Examiners.” All Skit Shop members interested in drama or stage work are asked to tryout. ^ —WHITE. Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Meeting January 14 at 7 in Y. W. C. A. office. —JONES
Scrivener—^Regular and special business meeting at 8 p. m. January 14 at 326 Chauncey avenue. Bring manuscripts. —VERBER.
W. A. A Volleyball—Pi Phi vs. Ward 1 at 4 p. ni, in large ^nrm; A|ph)s Xi vs. WRH third ooqr.at 4 p. m-s ^n, small gym; Alpha Chi vs. Ward 4 at 4:80 p. m. in large gym; Theta vs. WRH e^econd floor number 2 at 4:30 p. m. in small etm. i ‘ -THATCHER.
W. A A.—^All girls coming out for fencing please meet in the women’s gym at 4:46 January 14. - —BEKO.
Concert Choir—No rehearsal in afternoon, January 14. —BRUBAKER. Entomology Club—Meeting January 14 at 7:80 p. m. in Ag Hall. —HUTTON. W. A. A. —Rifle match with University of Dkno^ at 7:16 p. m. January 14. Al varsity members and alternates please report —RICHEY.
Anti-Radical Group Formed On Columbia University Campus New York, N. Y.—(AGP)— To combat radical elements which are “misrepresenting student opinion to the American people,” students of Columbia University have formed a new campus organization known as the Columbia Blue Shirts. The first move of the group was to take a vote of confidence for Nicholas Murray Butler, president of the university, and Dean Herbert E. Hawks, for their decision to refuse readmission to Robert Burke, athlete and president-elect of the class of ’38. Burke Ousted Burke took part in the demonstration in front of Dr. Butler’s home last May in protest of Columbia sending a delegate to the anniversary celebration of Heidelberg University in Germany. He was, as a result, advised not to apply for readmission to the university this fall. David B. Mautner of the class of ’38, one of the chief organizers, expressed the feeling that the majority of students had been tolerant too long to demonstrations and strikes held by the so-called radicals. Mautner said the new or^nization would combat each meeting of protest with sohgfests or rallies to support the decisions of the administrative officers. The Blue Shirts will use satire as its best weapon.
W. A A. Swimming—^Pracitice for Intramural meet January 14, 7:80 to 8:80. Oi>en swim from 8:80 to 9:80. —'TUBBS.
McFarland Inspects Local Pi Kappa Alpha R. M. McFarland, Jr., national executive secretary of Pi Kappa Alpha, visited the local chapter yesterday on an inspection tour. A banquet was held in his honor at the chapter house yesterday evening, where he met both the active and alumni members of the chapter. McFarland is personally inspecting all of the chapters throughout the country, and he will leave in the morning for an inspection of the Northwesiem chapter.
Gyro Lookeni—Lockers may now be purchased for the second semester. Those now holding lockers get refund slips at checkout window and take them with $1 to Cashier’s Office in New Administration Building befo^^ noon, January 80, 1987 and get i^eipt. Retu{p this receipt and i;efund slip to check-out window for reipewal. Those wishing to vacate lock^ must do so by noon, January 80, or suffer loss of clothing in the locker. —CLEVETT.
Are You firoken-Hearted? (Contimied from page 1)
stuiients over there that they are the worst offenders of all thd us6rs of the postal system. I find more letters from them with only the name of the city where they are intended to be sent, or with the name of some other city coupled with a local street, or with soihe other fault in the address than from any other class of persons.” Such a letter is mailed back to the sender if his address is enclosed hut often only “Tom,” “Bill,” or “John” or some m,ore affectionate name is scawled at the close. We wouldn’t help wondering how many love affairs had been broken up because of thouffliile^sly misaddressed letters. Tlie mamiei^nce o^^tihe dead-letter oifice formerly cost a million dollars a year, ah^ the present figure IS amazing, although the estahlislimeHi a or^htih office at jye^ ^Bt cYass post office reduced this expense.
Tap "class for beginnqr’s opens at Allen’s Friday, Jan. 15tn, 6:30 P. M.
Leslie Howard and Norma Sheatedn “Romeo «(nd Juliet”
Two of the screen’s outstanding stars, Norma Shearer and Leslie Howard, appear in the most beloved romance ever written, “Romeo and Juliet,” which is playing a special engagement at the Mars theater Friday and Saturday, all seats reserved. Other celebrated stars in the picture are John Barrymore, Edna May Oliver, Basil Rathbone, C. Aubrey Smith and hundreds of “extra” players. The film adheres
ered the most ambitious and artistic photoplay ever to redch the
W. B. A. A. Juiury 14, 1937 11:00—Hooeier Town Hall, Prof. P. E. Lull. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Noon Melodies, Arsene Summers, contralto. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Music . 12:80—Chemistry Program , 12:46—^Noon Musicale, Glen Oroee, Guitar. 1:00—^You and Your Health. “Nutri- ^ tion,” Clair E. Healey, M, D. 1:16—^Electrical Sh<H», “Pupln, Inventor of Loading Coil,” Dr. Sabbagh. 1:80—^American Literature, Professor Sutcliffe. 1 ;46—Markets. J. R. Hays. 2:00—^Weather Reports . 2:16—^Musical Album. 2:80—Songs & Melodies, Bill Jones. 2:46—^Treasure Chest, Robert Horn.
Advanced adult tap class opens at Allen’s tonight, 6:30 P. M.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
**Tell mamu I won't be hoi
rm takin^ inventory