* “ , ' ' / S'*'’""'' " •■ % ' ': ’ ! ''’^<' '
Purdue
Summer Session
Exponent
r '% S,-,f J ''^1
Vol 3 No. 9
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, July 27, 1930
Carnegie Steel Man To Speak At Convo E. E. Moore, general superintendent* at the CarnegieIllinois Steel Corporation, Gary, will speak this morning in Fowler Hall on “The Much Discussed American Way.” At ten o’clock'classes will be closed in order that students may attend this all-University convocation.
His Band. ..
$»
Hf,
Iowa Will Play Boilermakers At Hothecoming Homcoming day at Purdue will be November 4," when the Iowa Hawkeyes and Boilermakers meet at Ross-Ade stadium in the second home game of the year for the Gold and Black. Nine wins give the Boilermakers a slight edge in the series with the Hawkeyes, Iowa has won seven games. One tie game was played, last fall, when the Hawkeyes surprised the Gold and Black by holding it to a scoreless tie. Iowa is one of the five teams which Purdue will play in the fall which use variations of the Notre Dame system. The other four are Notre Dame, Michigan State, Santa Clara, and Wisconsin. Although (th6 official sale of tickets for the football games will not begin until the first of August, many unsolicited orders have been streaming into the ticket oflice, indicating a record advance mail order demand once the sale actually starts. New Engineering Course Successful The first year’s experiment in a new idea in engineering courses at the University has been a decided success, according to Dean A. A. Potter of the engineering schools. The course called “Distribution of «• Engineering Equipment,” given during the past school year to engineering seniors, is modelled somewhat on what the Massachusetts Institute of Technology calls its “Human Engineering” course. It deals with human nature in engineering, adding to the study of the physical or exact sciences, that of the inexact, or social sciences, which up to now, the engineer has usually had to learn for himself. The course, which was taught by Robert S. Stainton, of the school of ^ general engineering, was des^ned to teach men the road to executive positions, how to produce and how to sell what they have produced. It has attempted to develop the f human relations of the engineer as well as the marketing problems. “There will always be a selling job for the engineer,” Stainton says, “whether it be his drawings, his designs, his estimates, his services or ^ the products of some manufacturer. With the cooperation of administrative departments of the University, pz’actical problems have been solved.”
V
Elliott To Crown r Tomato Queqn President Elliott will crown the queen tomorrow night at 7:40 at the third annual tomato festival at ^ Elwood. The President and Mrs.^ Elliott left Tuesday morning for Henryville to visit the forestry camp, and on Tuesday night and Wednesday visited the Purdue miliy tary unit at Fort Knox, Ky., Last night while enroute home they were the guests of Col. and Mrs. Blakely at Louisville, Ky. Col. Blakely, formerly commandant at ^ Purdue, retired from the Army a year ago and now is engaged as manager of a large industrial plant ^ at Louisville.
Moore has been with United States Steel Corporation subsidiaries since 1919 after he returned from oversea services with the Rainbow Division in the World War. He sorted in the Gary sheet mill of the American Sheet and Tin Plate Company, now a part of Car-negie-Illinois. In 1923 he was transferred to the company’s Pittsburgh district, returning to Gary in 1927. General Superintendent Major promotions soon followed Moore’s return, and when the Carnegie and Illinois corporations were merged in 1935 he was made general superintendent of the south works. He has been general superintendent of Gary Works since December 24, 1937. Moore was born in Indianapolis, and graduated from Emmrick Manual Training high school. While still in high school he worked 30 hours a week with a coal and grain company,/and after graduation became a machinist.
He is vice-president of the Lake County Red Cross chapter, and vicepresident off the Lake County Tuberculosis Association. He is also a member of the Gary Chamber of Commerce, a board member of Loring School for Girls, and belongs to various trade assoications of the steel industry. Two New Projects At Exp. Station Two new research projects of special interest to industry have been undertaken this summer by the engineering experiment station. One subject deals with corrosion of metals when exposed to high temperature steam for long periods of time and the other with conductivity of metals when exposed to high temperatures. The^first project, under the immediate supervision of Prof. H. L. Solberg with Dean A. A. Potter and Dr. G. A. Hawkins cooperating, is designed to test the quality of ten different alloy steels at temperatures of 1100 degrees. Each kind of material is under test for 2,000 hours at a time. Prof. W. J. Cope has charge of the conductivity test with the assistance of W. H. Winslow, graduate assistant. Catherine Cooley Goes To Scholarship Post Catherine Cooley, president of YWCA, left recent:ly for St. Louis, Mo., on the Danforth Scholarship, awarded annually to one senior girl enrolled in the school of home economics in colleges throughout the United States. During her stay in St. Louis, Miss Cooley will live at the Barne’s Nurses Home. She will be a guest of the Purina Foods Company, and will make a thorough inspection of outstanding industries in the city. A list of tours include a hospital, newspaper, advertising company, and a hotel. Directly from St. Lcfuis, Miss Cooley will go to Camp Miniwanca, Shelby, Michigan for two weeks, also a part of the scholarship. The camp, one of the two in the United States, is under the direction of the American Youth Federation, and sti’esses a fourway motto of living.
Kepner, Spring Will Lead Grand March At Prom
. . . will provide the tunes for the annual summer session Prom tomorrow night in the ballroom.
Lommel To Lead Meeting Of State Planning Board Members of the Indiana State Planning Board will, hold a meeting at the Ross CiviUEngineering Camp, southwest of Lafayette, Thursday, August 3, it was announced by Prof George E. Lommel of the School of Civil Engineering, who was recently named chairman of the board. This will be the first meeting of the board called by Chairman Lommel and also the first meeting with Director Harry J. Reed of the University Agricultural Experiment Station as a member by virtue of his office. He succeeded Director J. H. Skinner, who retired June 30. ' Chairman Lommel has invited President E. C. Elliott, David E. Ross, of the board of trustees, and Dean A. A. Potter of the engineering schools, along with President Wells, Pi’ofessor Hollingshead and others from Indiana University, to meet with the board to consider various planning problems. Dean Potter To Speak At NAPE Convention Dean A. A. Potter of the schools of engineering, and Prof. W. T. Miller, of the mechanical engineering school, will appear on the program of the 57th annual convention of the National Association of Power Engineers which will be held in Indianapolis August 28 to September 1. Wednesday, August 30, will be observed as “Purdue Day” by the convention and the Purdue men will present their talks that day. Dean Potter’s subject will be, “Problems Before the Power Industry,” and Prof. Miller 'will discuss the topic, “If I were operating a commercial plant again.” A number of Purdue faculty members will attend the sessions, with a large delegation going there for “Purdue Day.” The convention will have in connection with its sessions a power show and mechanical exposition at the Murat Temple in Indianapolis Shower Brings Session Baseball Card To Close Conclusion of the summer session’s baseball came as a decided anti-climax, as the game with Ross ‘Camp was rained out yesterday afternobn, leaving the session varsity ahead at the end of the abbreviated series with two victories in the only two contests which were played.
Last SS Plays Will Go Before Lights August 2 Mystery, drama, and phantasy will predominate the last three summer session plays to be presented Wednesday, August 2, in the stadium. The three student directed plays to be featured are, “The Tiger’s Claw,” “Wonder Hat,” and “He Ain’t Done Right By Nell.” According t(^ Chuck Hart, who is directing “Tiger’s Claw” the terrifying mystery, the cast will include such notables as: Helen Bone portraying Miss Thorpe; Helen Steffee as Mrs. Riorden; Virginia Fox as Malvina; Allison Lilly, Cora; Katherine Mooney, Hatty Randfel; Joe Martin, Herby; Jack Watson, Joe; and Grey Erick as Willie. Phantasy Next “Wonder Hat” dii'ected by Bill Carr will include in the cast: Dick Pittenger, Harold Martin, Seymour Udell, Virginia Freed, and Alice Martens. This play is a phantasy and will prove interesting because few of this type have been presented to the Purdue audience. The last of the summer session plays will be an authentic super melodi'ama. The audience is requested to restrain themselves to just cheering and booing. The cast will include Grey Erick as the hero and Charley Stearns as the villain. “Little Nell” will be portrayed by Ellen Kepner. The supporting cast includes: Hank MUler as Burkett Carleton, Sue Enders as Granny, Polly Prentice as Laury, and Virginia Sidwell as Vera. Joe Martin who is directing the play wishes the audience support in attemtping to make the play as authentic as possible. In case of rain the plays will be held on Thursday evening, August 3. Lambert Will Conduct Cage School In Aug. More than forty coaches from over Indiana and a number from other states have already signed up to attend the basketball coaching school which will be conducted by Coach Ward Lambert of Purdue University at the Monticello High School the week of August 7. Lambert’s classes, which will include all phases of basketball coaching, will begin on Monday morning, August 7, and close the following^ Saturday. Alva Staggs, Monticello High School mentor, is in charge and Lambert asks that all inquiries about the school be directed to him. Three Former Stars Coincident with the announcement of the large number already having signified their intentions of attending, Lambert stated that three of his “greats” in basketball will attend the school to help demonstrate the style of play which has brought national renown to the Boilermaker coach, who has produced teams that have won or shared in the Big Ten°*l!;itle ten of the last 30 years. These men are Jewell Young, Johnny Sines and Pat Malaska. All three are now coaching high school basketball. Young at Southport, Sines at North Vernon and Malaska at Fairmount. Martha Alice Brown .. . . . HE ’41, of Greenfield, was married last week to John Hicks, of the English department Mrs. Hicks will continue her classes at Purdue, where she is a Pi Beta Phi and Alpha Lambda Delta. The couple will live in West Lafayette.
Four hundred couples will dance tomorrow night in the Union ballroonl’as the second annual summer session Prom gets under way. Jack Teagarden and his “I Got a Right to Sing the Blues” band will furnish the music from 9 to 1. At 10:30 Ellen Kepner and Don Spring will lead the grand march around the ballroom. Kepner and Spring were chosen queen and king by ticket stub vote by Prom goers, and their election was announced y^terday by the summer session recreational committee. Ellen was si finalist in the Debris beauty contest last winter and is''a.member of the Kappa Alpha Theta sorority. Spring, selected as last spring’s best dressed ed, is a member of the Pi Kappa\Phi fraternity. The dance is to be summer formal for co-eds and semi-formal for eds.
WSGA co-ed hours, as announced by WSGA present Ann Sickman will be two o’clock. All co-eds must be in their rooiping houses by that time. The ever-unpopular ^llow slip, personal notice received! semi-an-nually by delinquent students from the dean of men, will assume a new significance tomorrow night when the back-drop and bandstands take on a yellow hue. It was chosen for the main theme because of its popularity among the average run of summer students. Missouri Grad Joins Staff Of Poultry Dept. Announcement has been made of the appointment of George W. Newell, Rockville, Mo., 1939 poultry graduate of the University of Missouri, to the position of assistant in poultry, to do work in the University Agrciultural Experiment Station. Newell, who started woi'k Monday, will be associated with poultry marketing research in his new position. Prof. C. W. Garrick, chief of the poultry depai’tment, announced that Dean G. Jones, Pine Village, high ranking Purdue 1939 poultry graduate, has accepted an appointment as graduate assistantship at Cornell University, where he will study for advance degrees. His assistantship enables him to study in the field of poultry genetics, starting Sept. 1. Also Professor Garrick announced that Henry D. Gates, West Lafayette, member of the 1939 Purdue poultry class, recently accepted a managerial position on the experimental farms of Allied Mills, Peoria, 111. Band Concert Draws Crowd In Stadium Ross-Ade Stadium was well filled last night, as hundreds of students and townspeople turned out for the final band concert of the summer session. Marshall Howenstien directed the West Lafayette summer band in a number of selections, and soloists starred in individual performances Following an mtroductoi'y group of numbers by the band, the soloists appeared. Ai'sene Summers, contralto, sang “Sweet Genevieve,” and “Come Love With Me.” Alberta Schmadel, sopx'ano, sang “A Kiss In The Dark,” and “A Heart That’s Free.”^ Rosemary Robinson was accompanist. Charles Powell sang “Stairway To The Stars,” and “You Grow Sweeter As The Years Go By.” Solos Popular Two instrumental solos were well received by the audience. Niel Carson played a group of xylophone pieces. The band accompanied Carson on one numbei', while David Allen at the piano accompanied for others. Bill Burnett, cornetist from St. Louis attending the summer session, played “Stars In The Velvety Sky,” by Clark. More band numbers followed these solos, and the last band concert of the 1939 summer session closed with “Hail Purdue.”
Frosh Registration Tops 1200 Mark Freshman applications last Saturday totaled 1220, 14 above the count a year ago in August. Applications have been received from 231 women against 210 applications last year. A look at the files in the registrar’s office show the highest number of applications is in the engineering schools. The roster includes: 763 prospective ^engineers; Agriculture, 107; Home Economics, 180; Science, 84; Pharmacy, 37; Forestry, 24; Physical education, 19; Trade and Industrial Engineering, 5. A gpod number of applications have been received from transfer students. From a list of 48 transfers, the following Schools included are: Mechanical Eng., 24; Pharmacy, 13; Home Economics, 6; and one the school of Science. Peg Davis To Present Trophy To Cec Isbell Cecil Isbell, whose passes and running in the 1938 All-Star game won him national acclaim, and who starred on the Boilermaker grid teams of 1935-36-37, will be presented with a trophy between halves of this year’s game for having been chosen the most valuable collegian in last year’s contest. Presenting the trophy to the former Boilermaker halfback will be Peggy Davis, HE ’42, of Chicago, one of the Debris beauty queens. Radio Guide Carries Story On Al Stewart One of the feature stories in this week’s Radio Guide is an account of Al Stewart’s choral organization of the fai'm women of Indiana. The author, Francis Chase, Jr., visited the campus recently to investigate the activity of this musical organization which has received much recognition both locally and nationally. This group, the Tippecanoe Home Economics Chorus, is composed of women of Tippecanoe county who are interested in singing selections from Beethoven, Bach, and Brahms. It had its origin back in 1934 when Al Stewart, University choral director, wanted to stage a comunity sing. He called for volunteers over WBAA. Since that time the enthusiasm has spread to other parts of the state and there are 86 similar groups today. Dr. H. H. Remmers^.. . . . director of the division of educational reference, has accepted an invitation to give a series of lectures and the commencement address at Eastern Montana State Normal College, Billings, Montana, during the week of August 7. Following his lecture engagement, 'Remmers and his family will spend a short vacation in Yellowstone National Park.-•i ' ‘ • - i ’ ^^1 '*>-1 ‘ if '' ,. I . ‘ i ’■ -^' ’^ <* s ,i' ' ,,.' ' V “ ^‘"' ‘ '' 1 I'l-'i ‘ .u>»' ';/ 5 •-', j
:." ‘m
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Thursday, July 27, 1939
Summed St44j(ije4iiA.. . . ... by now have probably come to the stern realization that this nine-week semester is no snap. The fact that we are carrying only eight or ten hours doesn’t sound so bad until we stop to realize that we whip through it in just half the time of the regular semseter. All this is by way of reminding you of the grim but realistic fact that finals are only two weeks away. Thursday, Friday and Saturday of the last week are divided up into nine final periods. This brings the' possibility of three finals in three days, a schedule that most of us seldom have to meet in regular session. J\le/xi ^eJUte^jdcuf • ... . . . will bring to the stadium stage three of the most promising plays produced on the campus in many months. We’ve seen them under production, and if the finished product is half as good as the rehearsals, they should go over with a bang. The melerdramer, “He Ain’t Done Right By Nell,” with proper cooperation by the audience (running onto the stage is barred)
PURDUE exponent
Entered aa socond class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and -weekly during the summer session. Summer mail subscription $0.60.
Editor-in-Chief
Business Manager
R. E. Insley
W. E. Smith, Jr.
D. G. Terrio. Editorial Director E. M. Antonini Advertising Manager Eolfe Jenkins Sports Editor J. H. McKee, Jr Associate Editor Mary Burtsfield Coed Junior ' OFFICES Editorial Union Bldg., Room E—4006 Business 312 N. Fifth, Lafayette—6038 This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director.
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAk ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Pahlishers JRepresentative 420 Madison Ave. New*York, N.Y. Chicago . Boston - ban Francisco Los ANGELES - PORTLAND • SEA-TTLE
’Member Associated Collegiate Press
ought to wind the play season up with hilarious convulsions.
Study Of Lab VS. Lectures A Tie Results of a study of the effectiveness of regular laboratory work as compared to lecture-demonstra tions have just been announced through the publication of a pamphlet on that subject written by Prof. E. F. Degering of the chemistry department, and Prof. H. H. Reminers, director of the division of educational reference. During a two-year test period the students of home economics taking organic chemistry at Purdue were divided into two groups. In one were dietitians and nutrition specialists, assumed to have a definite vocational interest in organic chemistry, and in the other were those training to be costume designers, textile specialists, interior decorators, institution specialists, and teachers of institution economics, having less interest in the subject. The former group took the regular laboratory work while the latter was given lecture demonstrations. There was only 2.1 percent difference in the grades of the two groups compiled throughout the period, and the conclusion is that the lecture demonstration method is just as effective, provided one is not interested in teaching laboratory teclmique. Costs of the two methods were also studied, with the result that there would be an estimated saving
ALICI CONSTANCE . NANCY FAYE BENNETT KELLY
^nd
“She’s Got Everything”
Mihai To Start All-Star Game Starting for the All-Stars will be: Ends—Earl Brown (Notre Dame) and Dowden Wyatt (Tennessee). Tackles—Joe Mihai (Purdue) and Bob Haak (Indiana). Guards—Ralph Heikkinen (Michigan) and Francis Twedell (Minnesota). of $6.91 per student per semester by using lecture demonstrations instead of laboratory work. This figure includes cost of chemicals, equipment and teaching personnel, of iff e renceduring
Healthfully Cooled LUNA TODAY - FRL - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE Brought Back
For Your Enjoyment
^nTKincf SPENCER TiAOf '
Plus
ilOHH WAYNE SUNDAY - MONDAY Out of the greatness of their love came an American miracle of achievement!
Twentieth Century-Fox Presents DARRYL F. ZANUCK’S production of
DON LORETTA HENRY AMECHE-YOUNG-.FONDA — Plus
Its First Run
m €mmp 5 DAYS Starting SATURDAY
SOiMJA HINIE madly in love and doesn’t know if! ^ TYRONE •*(1 POWER gay, lovable — the way he really is!
Second Rddie
RUDY EDNA MAY VALLEEOLIVEH MARY HEALY LYLE TALBOT AUN DINEHART
Center—Charley Brock (Nebraska). Quarterback — Davey O’Brein (Texas Christian). Halfbacks—Bob McLeod (Dartmouth) and Marshall Goldberg (Pittsburgh). Fullback—Howie Weiss (Wisconsin). Enrollment in the Indiana University R.O.T.C. has grown 389 percent since 1917. Massachusetts Institute of Technology drama students are making a movie called “The Dictator.” The University of California at Los Angeles has been given $1,350 by a film company for using its campus as a set for a movie.
This warm weather that we have been having of late is beginning to take it’s toll on some of our more amorous inclined eds. They have been envying the life of a fish so long that they have donned their fins and gone for a swim. After three years of fishing from house to house, Betty Wickard (Kappa glamour girl) has finally hooked a man—namely, Harry Bryant (Phi Psi). b&b Bud Evers (Phi Kappa Sigma) has also succumbed to the wiles of the fairer sex. The story goes that he passed out cigars to the boys and Marge Baldwin (that’s the keeper of his pin) obliged the boys by sitting down and smoking one of Bud’s cigars with the brothers. b&b / While on the subject of pins, it should be quite interesting to note the pinned girls that will be at the Prom Friday night with someone other than their pin man. b&b Dottle: Say, did anyone ever tell you that you were good looking ? Millard: No. Why do you ask? Dottie: I just wondered where you got the idea. b&b A BREAK FOR B&B... with the coming of PROM your editor has high hopes of picking up some
juicy bits of dirt to be published in next week’s EXPONENT, b&b How to impress your Prom date with your sentimental nature . . . “Darling you dance divinely, your lips are like newly blossomed rose petals; I hope this Prom doesn’t cost me too much. b&b Have you noticed that friendly smile on Pete’s face the past few days . , . there is a really different girl . . . most people are not nearly so pleasant when they see RED. Yes, he was in town this week, b&b Sympathy note . . . don’t feel badly giids just because you weren’t elected Prom queen . . . you must be a queen in somebody’s opinion to rate a date for the event . . . even if you are second fiddle. Remember that second fiddle can make just as much noise as first fiddle. b&b Altho your news item was just a little late (your B&B editor is on the ball) you will find two MARS PASSES at the West desk for you, Brophy. B&B Speaking of pins—our Sweet Shop girls will oblige you by re-, lieving you of yours if you will clip this out and show it to them. —P. S. Don’t forget to bring your car with you.
WBAA Schedule
—^Today— 11:00—Morning Melodies. 11:30—^Arsene Summers—contralto. 11:60—Purdue News Plashes. 12 :00—Noon Melodies. 12:16—"Meet Your Voice." 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Eeports. 1:00—Eugene Finegan—^violinist 1:16—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Melody Time. 1:46—Edward Foley—pianist. 2 :00—Your World of Business 2 :16—Musical Moments. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2 :45—Treasure Chest. 3 :00 —Music in the Modern Way. 3:30—Little Red School House of the Air.. 3 :46 —Story Book Hour. —Friday—■ 11:00—Morning Melodies. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—Agricultural Forum. 12 :16—Sports Review—Dick Shively 12 :30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—George Knox-—popular songs. 1:16—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Melody Time. 1:46—Mary Louise Switzer—pianist. 2:00—Symphony Hall. 3 :00—American Family Robinson. 3 :30—Highlighting the News—Purdue Exponent of the Air. 3 :46—Story Book Hour. ■’ —Saturday— 11:00—Just Kids. ’ 11:16—Carolyn Wood—soprano. 11:30—Saturday Musical Review. 12 :00—Market Reports. 12:16—The Woman Shopper. 12 -.30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Charles Powell—Tune Time. 1:00—Radio Stage." 1:30—Monitor Views the News. 1:46—Hoosier Corn Huskers. 2:00—Stamp Club. 2 :30—Words and Music. 3 :00—Paul Funk—pianist. 3 :30—"Know Your Neighbor"
H. G. “Deac” REISNER College Book Store “Everything for a college education”
DECKER’S
J.
t aJ“» '^S^Jr® “4' -
4 ff^
1
y
0 Thursday, July 27, 1939
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Local Fans Continue “Boost Hoosier Football” Drive
s
I"
Mihal, Humphrey, Ippolito Make All-Star Grid Squad
Joe Will Be In Starting Lineup At Tackle Post Joe Mihal, Paul Humphrey and Tony Ippolito, three Boilermaker gridders who graduated this spring, were chosen to play for the All-Star football team on the night of August 30 at Soldiers’ Field in Chicago. Mihal, tackle, will be in the starting lineup. Seven of the starters in the game are from the middle west, two are
from the east and two are from the south. A total of 69 players were invited by the Chicago Tribune to play in the All-Star game. Each of the 11 chosen to start will appear in the opening linup unless they meet some physical handicap during the two weeks of pre-game practice. However, after the kickoff substitutions may be made at the coaches’ will. Most From Big Ten Among the players on the squad are 23 from the Big Ten, 17 from other midwest schools, 11 from the east, and nine each from the south and far west. Notre Dame has more than any other school, six.
c=Ji Will lye the
c^eco-itd c^i
H-mmCc
But it will be the Nth dance for which Clark’s will serve you with finer corsages. Drop in or phone your order NOW.
C^la^tL total
527 Main St.
Phone 5432
OH. Oiitdxiiidina ^a*tce
Roth’s offer you the same outstanding service and excellent flowers as always. A corsage from Roth’s is an added delight.
Potk ^lo^Uit
Phone 7955
635 Main
Fielders’ Choice by Rob’t J. Deckard Who is this man that everybody IS talking about? The “man” to which we are referring is a football coach, known throughout this neck of the woods as “Mai,” and he is the talk of the town! The Exponent IS talking about him, the Junior Chambers of Commerce in Indiana are talking about him, and ’countless others are talking about him! —^fc— Why? Because “Mai,” or A. H. Elward, is a rip-roaring candidate for the head coaching position on the All-Star college contingent that will engage the New York Giants, National League professional football champions, in a football game at Soldiers Field, Chicago, on the night of August 30, and Purdue
NEW Victor Records Now On Sale • 36227 Finlandia—(Parts 1 and 2) (Tone Poem) (Sibelius, Op. 26, No. 7) Victor Symphony Orchestra ® 36228 Clair De Lune (Moonlight) (Debussy) Valse Triste (from “Kuolema”) (Sibelius, Op. 44) Victor Concert Orchestra • 26306 Tambourin Chinois (Fritz Kreisler, Op. 3) Caprice Viennois (Fritz Kreisler, Op. 2) Victor Salon Orchestra, under the direction of Rosario Bourdon • 26307 Hungarian Dan^e No. 5 (Brahms) Lullaby (Wiegenlied) (Brahms) Victor Salon Orchestra under the diiection of Rosaiio Bouidon • 26308 The Little Man Who Wasn’t There Parade of the Wooden Soldiers Larry Clinton and his orchestra ® 26309 It Seems Like Old Times (Ho-dle-ay) Start the Day Right—Waltz Gray Gordon and his Tic-Toc Rhythm ® 26310—Swing Classic Rocking in Rhythm No Papa No Duke Ellington and his orchestra the Foster Shop East Side Square Phone 4900
alumni and students and Indiana citizenry are anxious to see him boss the college squad. —^fc— This same “Mai” holds Purdue’s gridiron destinies for the third straight year this fall as head Boilermaker grid coach, and during his years of effective service to the Old Gold and Black he has firmly entrenched himself with all Boilermaker followers. —fc— Elward has had a wealth of coaching experience in his thirteen years as a member of the Boilermaker coaching staff and is universally recognized as one of the game’s keenest technicians. —^fc— A teammate of the late Knute Rockne at Notre Dame, he launched his coaching career in 1916 at St. John’s Prep, Danvers, Mass., where his team won the East Catholic Prep title. During the World War Elward served in the Naval Air Service, in the meantime, keep- • ing in touch with his first love, football coaching. He was instrumental in the success of the Newport Naval Reserve team that scored outstanding victories over Harvard and Brown. '—fc— He also coached the Hampton Roads Traning eleven that won fourteen straight games, and his last two years in the service were spent at the Hampton Roads Air Station where his team won the
Vote For Ada/ Elward^ Layden, Vaughan For Ail-Star Coaches With three Boilermaker football players assured positions on the 1939 Collegiate All-Star team which will meet the New York Giants at Soldiers’ Field August 30, local fans have turned to the task of placing Mai Elward, Elmer Layden and Pete Vaughan at the head of the squad.
w
h
' m
The coaches’ poll will close Saturday, August 5. The Lafayette Junior Chamber of Commerce, with the cooperation of 27 other Chambers in the state, has been leading a “Boost Hoosier Football” drive. Fans in this part of the state and alumni of Purdue as well as other friends of the University will cast their votes for Elward as head coach of the team with Layden as assistant, and in this locality for Vaughan, veteran Wabash College grid mentor and former Notre Dame player, as third choice. Where To Vote On the north side of the court Fifth District Naval Championship. —fc— Elward, after leaving the service, went to Grinnel as head coach, where he brought the lowans their first conference victory in five years. He then went to John Carroll, Cleveland, where he remained for three years. His 1924 team at Cornell was the institution’s best, winning seven games and losing two.
COAL SPECIALS New River W. Va. “Red Parrot” “Kaymoor” Pocahontas Splint Lump or Egg $8.75 Lump $7.50 (treated) East Ky. Lump $7.50 3% Ash 15,000 BTU’s 4-5% Ash 14,000 BTU’s North Star Coal Co. July Delivery — Satisfaction Guaranteed 308 Brown St. Phone 2405
house square in Lafayette fs the central voting booth, in front of Rosenthal’s store. Other balloting places are at the University Drug Store and Union Building in West Lafayette and Schaaf’s Drug Store, North End; Goodnight’s Drug Store at Five Points; and Loeb and Hene’s and Kienly’s Drug Store downtown. Melvin E. Jackson is chairman of the Lafayette campaign, and is assisted by Ed Smith, president of the Lafayette Junior Chamber, Dan Hansel, Fred Doeppers, Bob Clark, Harry Rosenthal, Jr., William Paarlon. Bob Ewing and Dick Howe. ^ Meet Tonight Tonight there will be a state-wide meeting in which members of chapters from all over the state discuss the campaign with the intention of making it a state project to “Boost Hoosier Football.” Eth Baugh, alumni secretary, has sent letters to every Purdue club in the country as well as to all secretaries and all “P” men urging them to take up the campaign in their localities. The central booth on the north side of the court house square will be open daily from 9 a. m. to 5:30 p. m., and until 9 p. m. on Saturday. The other ballot boxes will be regulated by store hours. There will be 10 more days to vote, including today. Grid fans will remember that Noble E. Kizer, University director of athletics, was cjiosen by fans to coach the first All-Star team which tied the Chicago Bears 0-0. Since then Bo McMillin has coached one squad. If Elward and Layden are coaches on this squad it will make a clean sweep for the larger Hoosier teams.
for Mental I as well as Physical Comfort wear clean clothes Crown Laundry
Phone 4073
Phone 4073
Take Her To Prom
in a Yellow Cab
5023
Prompt Courteous Service Comfortable Riding Phones
3071
YELLOW CAB CO
4 1 I S'i ;
ir S'
Foresters Prepare For Side Camp by W. S. Wallace (Exponent Correspondent) HENRYVILLE, Ind., July 26— Things are rapidly coming to a close here at the forestry main camp. The last few nights have found the study hall doing a big business with everybody finishing up their work on maps, leaf and bug collections. Today was the last day of field work and each division has finished its last problem. Tomorrow w^ set up side camp and prepare for five days of hard work. We are divided up into divisions with two men in each division. Our work consists of surveying, mapping, and timber cruising. Each division is given 40 acres as a project and is required to complete the project .during the five days. At the close of side camp we expect to have approximately 320 acres accurately surveyed, mapped and cruised. This area will be filed with the State Department of Forestry and used in predicting future growth and yield of the mapped area. Bed On The Bath House During the past two weeks some of the fellows have had some interesting personal experiences. Russ Weller seems to have taken the majority of the pranks. One night about 11 p. m., after trudging wearily in from Polaris observations, Russ discovered his cot and bed clothing resting securely on top of the bath house. The fellows decided Russ hadn’t had enough, so at exactly .12 o’clock last Saturday night everyone joined in and gave Russ an original Forestry Camp haircut. Another Cot Lost Carl “Hollerhead” Hoelzer, still laughing over Russ’s misfortune, wandered to his tent to retire, and found to his dismay that he. was also minus a place to put his weary head. After wandering around in the darkness for some time he finally spotted his cot and accessories astride the pumphouse. Being tired, and failing to receive any assistance from his fellow men in disengaging his bed, he climbed atop the pumphouse, hung his clothes over the telephone wires, and retired in high style. Elliott Visits Camp Yesterday we had the pleasure of having as our guests President Edward C. Elliott and Mrs. Elliott. We feel that we owe our apologies to Mr. and Mrs. Elliott because of the inaccessibility of the main road to camp. They were forced to enter the camp by the roughest and muddiest road ' in the forest, because U. S.'Sl is under reconstruction at the present time. Upon arriving at the canip. President Elliott surveyed his mud splatted, otherwise shiny automobile, and laughed heartily at the incident. Mrs. Elliott also remarked that she enjoyed the woodland drive very much.
Edits
By Hank Miller We’ve heard many people saying - that Light Out hasn’t been wierd enough for them. Anyone who heard that show July 19 and can still say that, has us beaten. Hugh Rowlands, NBC youthful character, played the title roll and had about 25 of the 30 minutes to himself. Talk about gurgling of blood and everything else, that had it. • ee Last night on the Let’s Talk it over Program, we heard the startling fact that gentlemen do not prefer blonds. Brunettes capture 46% of the male votes and blonds get oii(ly 30%. e e Bob Zurke, former piano teaser with Bob Crosby’s Orchestra, introduced his own band last Monday evening on the Magic Key program. Also last Sunday the first of a new series of short wave broadcasts direct from Hawaii was relayed , thru NBC at 8 p. m. e e We have been asked to list some of the Symphony Orchestras and what they are playing over the week-end. Tonight: Toronto Promenade Symphony Orchestra at 7 over WENR, playing Tschaikowsky’s Symphony No. 4 in F Minor. At 10 over WENR, Music You Want When You Want It featuring on recording Rachmaninoff’s
After lunch President Elliott greeted the fellows in his pleasing manner, and inquired about our work. The President also made a thorough inspection of the entire camp and was favorably impressed with the equipment and the condition of the camp as a whole. They left shortly after lunch to keep an appointment in Louisville.
Go-cd Tennis Tourney Starts Today At 4 p, m. According to an announcement yesterday by Miss Marjorie Case of the physical education department for women the next women’s tennis tourney will begin today at 4 p. m. on the women’s courts. All contestants that have signed up are asked to report at this time. Swimming will continue on the same schedule as for the preceding part of summer school. Potter Named Head Of Patent Committee Dr. A. A. Potter, of the schools of engineering, has been named chairman of the committee on patents of the American Engineering Council, of which he was president for two years. The committee was named to consider difficulties generally encountered by engineers dealing with the present patent system and prepare recommendations for the general betterment of the patent situation in the U. S. and its relation to foreign countries. Second Concerto in C Minor played by Rachmaninoff with the Philadelphia Orchestra under Stokowski’s direction. Tomorrow night at the same time and station, a lecture recital by Carleton Smith, music editor of Esquire and Cornet magazines. Sunday at 1 p. m. over WMAQ the Chautauqua Symphony Orchestra will be conducted by Albert Stoessel and at 6 p. m- over WENR, Dr. Frank Black will conduct the NBC Orchestra in an all-American symphony concert. e e The speech 56 class will produce another program tomorrow at 4:30. It is titled The Hymn of Hate and dramatically presents the circumstances leading' to the world war. Written by Bob Shinn, it promises to be a stirring bit of drama and should bear listening to.
Advanced Men Ready For Pay by K. C. Houston (Exponent Correspondent) FORT KNOX, Ky., July 23—Advanced military students at Fort Knox are just about through with their six weeks of camp now, and the majority are, glad to see the end so near. Saturday morning at six o’clock we get paid, and then we become citizens again. One trouble encountered by everyone here is the financial one, it seems that the Army pays by the month at the end of the month. The week-ends in Louisville have been too much, and everyone is broke at present. We spent last Thursday and Frida.y at Monnoth Cave, We mhde the trip as a practice march, and had to sleep in our pup tents Thursday night. Sleeping in pup tents means sleeping with only a blanket between yOu and the ground, and to say the least we really appreciated our bunks Friday. We are looking forward with great glee to this Wednesday night when we get another chance to sleep in the field, this time for an overnight tactical problem. New Handles Among some of the monikers which the boys have picked up during the past six weeks are: Louis “Leather Lip” Freyman, John “Meat Nose” Nitsche, Harry “Casanova” Nevin, George “Stinkey” Olson, and a lot more which would only be cut out by the editor’s big black pencil. Freyman has. also heen nominated the most ^ kissable man in camp. He got his lips sdnburned at the beginning of' camp and has had some white gooey stuff put on them every day to aid in the healing, and hence the name “Leather Lips.” In the camp softball tournament Battery B beat Battery A 10-4 in the long awaited game between the two Purdue batteries. Battery B lost a game to Battery C of Ohio State this afternoon. ,
Catherwood |n England Studying Labor Problem Dr. B. F. Catherwood, formerly of Lafayette and Dayton, and Purdue agricultural graduate of 1924, who received his master’s degree in 1925, has gone to Europe to spend the summer studying industrial and employment conditions in cooperation with Frank E. Gannett, publisher of the Gannett chain of newspapers. Catherwood, who holds a doctorate from Cornell University , and now is professor of economics at Ithaca College, Ithaca, N. Y., is in Germany now and wiil visit Italy, France, the League of N^ tions headquarters in Geneva, and also in London before returning here in September. Last summer he made a similar study with Mr. Gannett in England and the results of the study came out recently in an interesting volume, citing conditions abroad and comparing them with those in America. Willa Mae Reverda .. ... . Ag ’39, of Clinton, recently ''announced her engagement to 'E. H. Applegate, Ag ’40, of Indianapolis, Applegate is now employed in Indianapolis, but expects to return to, Purdue. The wedding is set ; for sometime in the late spring. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, and his family have gone on a vacation to Silver Lake, Michigan.
Civils Enter Last Three Weeks by R. A. Cahhan (Exponent Correspondent) ROSS CAMP, Ind., July 23—Another Sunday and only three more to go. As time goes on it seems we work harder, and eat more. Deutman and Bigelow are the chicken eating champs of camp. This noon they were still eating chicken twenty minutes after everyo'ne else had finished. / Freele had the camp improvement going full force this past week as 'we turned laborers and put in concrete drains and floor for the garage. The cement is still in our hair! Each fellow works four halfdays on improvement during his stay at camp. Each year campers endeavor to leave camp in better shape than they found it. Tourneys Under Way Tournaments of various kinds are taking up our spare time at present. The first round of the “38” tourney is finished; a few matches in the ping pong tourney have been played; and the tennis matches are being drawn up. The camp hardball team defeated Greenhill 6-0 here today behind Hanson’s pitching and Bryan’s and Rettig’s hitting. The softball league is hotter than ever. Springer’s Sloppy Sluggers defeated Kemmer’s Krazy Kubs, making the race tighter. Annabelle Teeter returned to camp after a few weeks vacation out west.
r>
Keefi CogJ>
i4>t
Glean Clothed
Nori'liwest'ern at Vine
Phone 4081
^ Fine Alleys # Fine §^^ace^ ® The ^^Right Crowd”
[ u. ■ M
We can make a car do anything - - ' .1' Even to stalling on a dark road after Prom ■' I . ' % Let us get your car in shape for Prom. Expert service by courteous mechanics. Peter Anderson Company
Fifth & Alabama Streets
‘After You We Come First’
All combine to make the hours you spen(d here long to be rememberecJ. Another point — the alleys, being un(dergroun(d, will help you keep cool during these hot summer days.
f ihehioriiii
Corner of the Campus # yet the Center of Campus Activities
'V,