y
■hlE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Considerable cloudiness today, tomorrow not so cold.
Purdue Exponent
THDHSDAY November 24,1938 Lafayette, ladfana VoL 50 No. 62
Z-185
16th Anniversary Formal To Feature McCoy's Music With vari-colored lights playing on the windows from the outside decorating the ballroom, Clyde McCoy and his band will play for the Union Formal dance celebrating the Union’s thirteenth anniversary tomorrow night in the ballroom from 8:30 to 12:30. Unlucky students who haven’t tickets will be able to hear Clyde McCoy’s band at least for a little while when it gives a free swing session from 5 to 6 p. m. in the ballroom.
Okla.
LOS ANGELES—Brush fires racing out of control in three south California counties tonight set fire to the million dollar Arrowhead Springs Resort and destroyed scores of homes. Casualty lists were expected to run high and damages will mount into millions.
This Year's Black And Tan Fantasy Will Be Best Show Campus Has Seen, Predicts Head Director Paul Worcester
r \
man,
Played Here Last Year Featuring the three Bennett sisters, who will be present despite the fact their picture is gone from the poster in the Union, the band will be out to equal its success of a year ago when it was here for the weekend just after Thanksgiving. At that time it played for two crowded
nights.
A feature missing from any big dance for several years and brought back by the Union will be the presentation of favors to the giils. White leather bags with the Purdue seal embossed on them will be given out upon showing a pass-out check. 60 Tickets Remain With only 60 of the 450 tickets left, students will still be able to obtain them at the east desk of the Union during the dance for $1.75. As with all the big dances, the mam lounge, cafeteria, and sweet shop will be restricted to the use of the dancers tomorrow night. The rest of the Union will be open as usual to the students. Cadet Major Hall Wins S. A. R. Award Cadet Major R. E. Hall, executive of the First Battalion of the Fourth Regiment, was awarded the Leadeiship Medal of the Sons of the American Revolution in recognition of his achievement in winning the annual senior command examination held during the past week. Hall scored a total of 100 points. Cadet Lieut. Col H W. Lownie, executive of the Second Brigade, placed a close second with 99.5 points. R. M. Sasser, W. K. Millholland, and G. E. Recktenwall placed third wit^99 points.
Clyde McCoy...
BERLIN-i—Nazi officials have announced a levy of 20 per cent of all Jewish fortunes of above $2,000, to satisfy the $400,000,000 fine imposed upon the Jews for the assasination of a Nazi official in Paris.
CHICAGO—Striking handlers and heads of the Union stockyards have agreed to meet at 10 o’clock Saturday morning in an attempt to settle the strike which has all of Chicago’s great livestock markets tied up.
the Sugar Blues King
Kokomo high school defeated the Jefferson of Lafayette quintet tonight 36 to 20, in a game in which the outcome was never in doubt after the first few minutes.
Union Will Sponsor Special Tea Dance In Faculty Lounge The Union will sponsor a special Thanksgiving Tea Dance in the faculty lounge this afternoon. The dance will start immediately after the final curtain of the matinee performance of Black and Tan Fantasy and will continue until 6 o’clock.
The dance is open, to all and a cordial invitation is extended to all students and faculty by Union officials. The dance is being held in the faculty lounge because it would be impractical to clear the ballroom between the Fantasy performances. Music will be furnished by the foremost bands in the land through the medium of recordings.
20ROTCMenEarn Firing Distinctions According to information received from the military department, three of the men who filed in the fifth novice pistol gioup have qualified as sharpshooters, while seventeen have earned the title of expert maiksmen. G. G. Boyce, R. R. Hannas, and A. W. Rifenburgh had average scoies of 75 or better to earn sharpshooter designation Those who averaged 65 oi better to become expert marksmen aie: R. E. Adams, L. E. Briggs, W. G. Carter, D. 0. Dawson, L. Y. Debayle, C. F. Geigei, H. F. Giaebner, F. S. Krizomanick, R. B. Long, J. N. Low, T. E. Marchant, D. E. Monger, C. R. Oakes, V. L. Parrish, R. G. Stradling, T. W. Tedrowe, and F. Witry.
Eight Comely Co-eds Appearing...
Independents Will Hold Fraternity Leaders Photographers Set
Conclave Here Dec. 16.17
Plans are rapidly being completed for the first annual MidWestern Independent Conclave, a meeting of representatives of college and university organizations of non-fratemity students, to be held at the University, December 16 and 17, it was announced yesterday. Last year the meeting was held at Nor-
Discussion sessions have been arranged for each day of the conclave with prominent speakers leading the discussion. The Purdue Independent Association, host organization, has provided for the entertainment of the delegates, who are expected from more than a score of colleges and universities situated
in the Mid-West.
independent college student organizations, which will be held next spring at Kansas University.
Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department and president of the fraternity advisors council; Professor Scheuch, fraternity advisor on the campus; and Ross H. Dean, president of the interfraternity council, will leave this afternoon for New York City, where they will attend the national interfraternity council conference.
Mutual Understanding Needed-Elliott
Dean Fisher To Speak Dean of Men M. L. Fisher, of the University, will give the address of welcome at the initial session, which will be followed by an address by Prof Frank Hockema, assistant to President Edward C. Elliott. He will speak on leadership and campus activities. Another Purdue speaker on the piogram will be Personnel Director J. E. Walters, who will discuss general activities as applied to personnel. One session will be led by members of the PIA. W. Feldman, student from New York City and editor of the Independent, will discuss organization publications and publicity, while Robert Heine, will talk on better housing. Other sectional meetings will be in charge of persons from other campuses, according to Ralph Maby chairman of the arrangements committee. Before the conclave ends, a mid-west delegate will be elected to attend the national meeting of
“Mutual confidence between the university administration and the student is of primary importance to any university,” declared President E. C. Elliott, in an interview with Philippine Collegian staff mem bers. And so started an interview with President Elliott, printed in the Philippine Collegian, “official organ of the student body of the University of the Philippines,” of October 24, Elliott tried to clear up for the Collegian staff members their questions on the reorganization of the University of the Philippines; when the work would be finished; about student-faculty situations, about student employment after graduation; and United States politics. Let’s take the questions in order and see what President Elliott has to say about each one. Getting Acquainted “We haven’t done anything yet about reorganization,” he said. “We
President E. C. Elliott have been spending most of our time getting acquainted with the people with whom I shall work.”
He expects his work will be completed by January, 1939, In regard to student-faculty situations—“Every president should be a student; and every student must place himself in the place of the president. There should be a complete understanding between the students and faculty members. In a university, the less machinery the better. A university is a human institution, and human beings are not machines.” One fact that interested the staff especially was that “we do no consider our job done until all our students are located. The placement of students is a responsibility that can not be avoided. We’ve been doing it for 25 years,” he continued. He also commented as to the number of Filipino students at Purdue. He considers his work at the University of the Philippines a “great adventure.”
“This year’s Black and Tan Fantasy is probably the smoothest show that this campus has seen in a long time,” said Director Paul Worcester; interviewed last night as the student cast went through their final rehearsals for today’s holiday show. “This show has everything and that includes shapely co-eds,”
he continued.
\ Worcester pointed out that about 150 general admission seats will be available at both performance. All reserved seats for both shows have been taken, but any seats unclaimed by ticketholders before curtain time at either performance will be made available on a “first come, first served” basis. The matinee starts at 2:30 and the evening show starts at 8:15.
Beauty Plus Talent
In addition to beauty, the show boasts of a variety of other talent and not the least among these is Marvin Smith, a freshman tenor. Smith, according to those who have had the pleasure of hearing him sing, will stop the show with his presentation of “The World is Mine
Tonight.”
.. .In Black And Tan Show Today
Churches To Offer Union Thanksgiving Ceremonies Today This morning at 10 there will be union Thanksgiving services in both east and west side churches. The services for the west side will be held in the First Methodist Church, under the direction of Dr. Otto Steele, pastor. Dr. William R. Graham, of Central Presbyterian
Church, will speak.
On the East Side at the same time theie will be a union service in the Temple Israel Synagogue. The speaker at this meeting will be Reverened Joseph Baird Gleason, of West Lafayette Baptist Church, while Rabbi Myer Simon will pre-
side.
)
Harry McCrady To Play Af Next Mixer Harry McCrady and his campus band return to the Union ballroom Saturday evening to play for the regular mixer. In addition to the “sweet and hot” style of music which he features, McCrady will present Russ Mock and his nimble fingers at the piano in several solo numbers.
Co-eds, however, will bring more than beauty and legs to the show when the voices of Peg Davis, Darlene Mahns, and Virginia Hoadley are heard in solo numbers. Union officials refused to be quoted last night as to just how revealing their dance routines and costumes would be, but from their general attitude on the subject, the show will provide entertainment for even the most blase. Slapstick humor and black face comedy will be sprinkled throughout the show but will be especially prominent in the first of the three acts. Bennie Bums, Stubby Meier, Irv Fossy, and Bill Dunshee, as end men, and Clark Langworthy, as interlocutor, will rise and shine in a series of gags and jokes designed to divert the mind of the tired college student.
No Exponent Tomorrow There will be no Exponent tomorrow morning. Publication will be resumed on regular schedule starting with Saturday morning’s’ paper.
Seniors who have not selected proofs of pictures for printing in the Debris may do so December 1 when Dexheimer-Carlon representatives vidll be here for one day to show proofs. There will be no other opportunity for selecting proofs. This is also the last time that orders can be taken for delivery of pictures before Christmas. Anyone who wishes to do so may order at
this time.
Auto Show Starts Today; Accessories Exhibited Too Hudson, new Overland, Chevrolet, Dodge “Luxury Liner,” Dodge trucks, DeSoto, Oldsmobile, and Plymouth “Roadkin^’ are only part of the roll call of new cars, and old, to be seen in the Armory from 4 to 10 p. m. today and tomorrow, and from 1 to 10 p. m. Saturday during the annual Auto Show, sponsored by the Society of Automotive Engineers.
Along with the 22 new cars will
Japanese Life Shown In Display Of Prints Japanese landscapes, flowers, and scenes from everyday life are the subjects of the display of imported Japanese prints now on exhibit in Building No. 2. These prints are made by hand on cherry wood blocks and then are printed on rice paper. The exhibit is open to the public and will continue through December 6. Prof. Wiley Addresses Detroit ASCE Meeting While in Detroit Tuesday, Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of the civil school spoke at the first dinner meeting of a newly organized student branch of the ASCE. The meeting was held at the University of Detx’oit. Professor Wiley is chairman of the American Society of Civil Engineers committee on student chap-
ters.
will be exhibits of the every necessary parts and accessory manufacturers. Delco-Remy Company, manufacturers of electrical equipment, and United Motors Company, accessory maker, will show movies illustrating their products.
Truck Display
In the line of trucks. International Harvester Company will have a display. Showing military applications of the automobile, Marmon-Har-rington Company of Indianapolis, will exhibit a small high-speed tnnV which they manufacture for the government. Both the Indian and the Harley-Davidson motorcycles will be shown by local dealers. The two famous oldtimers, the Marmon “Wasp,” 1911 winner of the Indianapolis Speedway classic, and the National, 1912 winner, will be shown in comparison with one of the leading cars of the 1938 race. Just by way of a little advance comparison the Marmon “Wasp” averaged 74.69 miles per hour for the race, the National i-aised that average to 78 miles per hour, and this year's winner made the 600 miles with an average of 117.2 miles per
hour.llfc
^diiohud
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
j4UXJtjUASL&
Thursday, November 24," 1938
Philippine Editorial Today we print an editorial taken from the weekly student newspaper published at the University of the Philippines. It seems to be of special interest because it shows the attitude of the students toward the extensive reorganization that is being arranged for the university. Purdue’s President Edward C. Elliott is one of two advisers who have been called in to aid in planning the reorganization. With the arrival of President Elliott (to whom we extend a belated welcome) the work on reorganization takes on full stride. There are many problems awaiting solution, and the Committee on Reorganization and the advisers will have their hands full. As students of this university, we are not unaware of its inadequacies. While we know that ours is the best university in this country and one of the best in this part of the world, we also know that there is much room for improvement. We realize the necessity for a reorganization in order to make the State University of even greater usefulness to the nation. We have implicit faith in those engaged in the difficult task of reorganization; and we do not for a moment doubt that every problem will be carefully studied and judiciously solved. After the work is completed, we have every reason to expect, among other results, a stronger faculty, an improved curricula, better library facilities, and less cumbersome and smoother administrative machinery. We do not—for we cannot—offer suggestions : It would smack too much of presumption for unlearned and inexperienced undergraduates to tell expert educators what to do, even in the form of respectful suggestions. We should therefore be content to sit tight and await the results. But on one matter we cannot help feeling apprehensive. What about student rights? This is a matter of deep and vital concern to us; and because it may possibly be not regarded as wholly pertinent to the reorganization, we have fears that nothing will be done about it. We submit that students should be regarded as rational and responsible beings. We admit that not all students are rational and perhaps not many are really responsible. But given the proper encouragement and guidance, students will in time prove themselves to be not incapable of assuming responsibility. In most American universities students are given a measure of freedom undreamt of in this country. Students are given, subject to very reasonable and unrepressive limitations, freedom of speech and press, freedom to organize, and freedom of assembly. In not a few American universities, students sit with university officials and faculty members in executive committees, and have a voice in the making and enforcing of rules and regulations. We do not ask that students here be given all the rights enjoyed by American students.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as seceifd elass matter at the i>oat office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKresa of March 8, 1879, and at the ipeclal rate of peatatro provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. FubUshed daily except Monday duriiiK the remilar academic year and weekly durine the Sunuaer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail Bubccriptien $3.50. Editor-In-Chief. H. I. Stdnback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAPF Manayinc Kditor. - L. S. Bardin City Editor. D. A. Bailey Associate £Iditora....6. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF AMiStant Basinccs Uanayer. M. C. Reevea Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager. W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director J). J. Henninger
SPORTS STAFF
Editor. B. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University, All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with, the official University viewitoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. REFRE8BNTEP FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representatsve 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago ’ Boston ' Los Angeles - san Francisco
Editor. Associate Editors
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—^Taylor Thursday, November 24, 1938
Possibly we are not wholly prepared to exercise all the rights and assume all the responsibilities that American students exercise and assume. But we do ask for a greater measure of freedom and responsibility than we enjoy at present. We should very much like to supplement our book learning of Democracy with action. ,We may be too young to philosophise on democracy ; but not too young, we hope, to participate in the workings of democracy.
Sponsors...
... of the annual automobile show which begins this afternoon at 4 o’clock are slightly worried about the new cars which will be on display. Knowing the interest Purdue engineers have in such mechanical marvels they are afraid the urge to inspect may become too great and lead to minor damages. The cars are loaned by local dealer|^for the show ... students may return the favor by merely showing a little care while climbing in and out or raising hoods.
THESE BELTS GO . . . . . . for the big money. There’s no petty cash on their books. It seems that four of the boys went in together and bought a Sweepsstake ticket. IF THEIR CALCULATIONS . . . . . . are correct they will each net 30,000 bucks. Here’s your chance girls, get on the gravy train before the race so you can have a good seat. WE UNDERSTAND THAT . . . ... FRED WINTER—Debris senior —is out wolfing for a blonde that has “petty” principles—or a decided lack of any type of principles.
BY FRED’S AMBISH . . . ... we can see that the name has no relation to the heart.
THE SECOND ANNUAL . . . . . . Water Carnival that is coming off this week-end is giving the Black and Tan a good race for their money. It seems that they are going to have four girls from each sorority in a swim race.
WHY DON’T YOU . . . . . . boys in the Water Carnival hold the affair outside so as to have a subtle excuse to “break the ice.”
CAMPUS POLITICS ... . . . are well under way and the names of the two parties are “The Boilermakers” and the “Purdue Progressive”—Now for the prom-
LOWELL HARDIN doesn’t like pin pushing, but he doesn’t object to putting out his Gimlet hat, now, does he MARY JEAN COOLEY?
FAMOUS LAST LINES ... A pedestrian is a man whose son is home from college.
‘You should complain of your wheat surplus; I got stuck with a surplus of hot dogs!”
Poultry Team Leaves Today ForChkago The University Poultry Judging Team left yesterday for Chicago, where members will participate in the Mid-West Poultiy Judging contest with teams from ten other states. The team is composed of A. E. Buckthal, L. R. Ralston, H. D. Gates, R. C. Garrison, and Coach E. E. Schnetzler of the Poultry Department. In the past three years, the team has carried away the highest honors twice, and has always placed high in the various divisions of the judging. The contest, to be held on Saturday, will consist of judging five classes of production hens, five classes of exhibition males and females, five classes of market poultry, and grading eggs in the U. S. grades. On Friday, the members of all the teams will be the guests of the American Institute of Poultry Industries on a tour through the Chicago markets.
SATURDAY ONLY ON THE STAGE RAMONA AND HER "MEN OF MUSIC" One Solid Hour of MUSIIC .... MIRTH .... MELODY . . . .
On Screen GLENDA FARRELL
Cinema Cues
Grim drama in the emergency ward of a great metropolitan hospital is the theme of “Young Doctor Kildare,” starring Lew Ayres, Lynn Carver and Lionel Barrymore at the Lafayette today through Saturday. Lew makes a come-back in the role of the young interne who solves the problem of “the girl in sables.” Jane Withers is a poor little i*ich girl who decides to reform her family in “Always In Trouble,” screen fare at the Mars today and tomorrow. Involving the family yacht in a shipwreck on a tropical island is just one ingredient in Jane’s formula for fun. n Flatfeet Another in the popular series of the blonde reporter, Torchy Blane and her detective lieutenant boy friend, Steve McBride as “Torchy Gets Her Man,” feature at the Mars Saturday. Glenda Farrell and Barton MacLane star in this comedy drama of race tracks and counterfeiting dens. On the stage “Ramona and her Men of Music” will be the attraction. Fast football action and youthful college romance highlight the Universal picture, “Swing Thatjgheer,” to be shown at the Lim^TNovember 24-26. Tom Brovy^rf^d Robert Wilcox are bitter football rivals whose personal grudge almost results in disaster for ime college and the coach. Bob Sjteele in a western, “Doomed at Sundbwn,” completes the bill. Mystery Plus “Night Spot,” a night club murder mystery featuring Allan Lane and Joan Woodbury will take over the screen of the Arc today through Saturday. Parkyakarkus introduces a comedy note to relieve the suspense. “Sudden Bill Dorn,” a western starring Buck Jones and “Lone
Ranger” serial complete the bill. A double Thanksgiving treat will be featured at New Main. “You’re A Sweetheart” with George Murphy, Alice Faye, and Ken Murray will be the main attraction with Bette Davis and Pat O’Brien in “Hell’s House” completing the program.
Ramona...
Architect Will Speak For House Planning Classes George Caleb Wright, chief architect with the Federal Housing Administration in Indianapolis, will talk Friday at 9 and 10 o’clock to the classes in house planning in Home Economics Building, room 109. Wiight will talk on the subject of the principles of good house planning.
. . . streamlined mistress of modern melody, who will be featured with her internationally famous “Men of Music” at the Mars Theatre Saturday for one day only.Thursday, November 24, 1938 Lambert Answers Questions Of Coming Hardwood Campaign, Faces Bad Breaks Believes Boilermakers Will ISot Ofjer Squad As Powerful Previous Teams; Lists Good Teams By Robert J. Deckard Rediiitn^ comfortably in his favorite Pieldhouse leather chair and dressed in ap immaculate grey suit, Ward “Piggy” Lambert, sage mentor of the i*urdue Basketball champions of the 1937-38 Western Conference, spoke yesterday afternoon on the potentialities and possibilities of his net team for the ensuing year.
I
“No,” the grey-haired veteran deired, “the Boilermakers won’t m the speed and scoring punch ey had last year, because of the loss of Jewell Young, Johnny Sines, and Pat Malaska. It looks like the entire team will have to be bruit over even to resemble last year’s
sqUad.”
“Well, Piggy” inquired your journalist, “does it look as bad as all that? After all, we’ll have something to make a respectable showing on the courts when the season opens December 12.” Piggy Confident Loosening his perfectly knotted black tie, “Piggy,” as his associates and host of other friends refer to him, inferred that the Riveters will definitely make a substantial showing against what the other squads might have to offer. “You see,” he continued in this typical Scotch accent, “we have a couple of bad breaks in this year’s schedule. While in one neck of the conference woods on Saturday, we have to travel to the extreme end of the Big Ten boundary the next day for another game. This’ll hapPpi twice this year right during the
heat of the schedule. “And that’ll be wearing on the squad,” he added in a worried voice using his favorite expression. Lists Teams To Watch Indiana, Minnesota, and Ohio^ State will be the outfits to watch, he insisted, with Ohio State giving every squad a battle of its life. All of the respective school coaches will play a squad of veterans possessed with a powerful scoring punch, ond floor.
Intramural Notices
—Tomorrow— —BASKETBALLr— Court 1—Juillard, official 7 :00—Ward 1 vs. Ward 14. 7 :16—Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 9. 8:25—Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 7. 8 :40—Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 8. Court 2—M. Aronson official 7:00—Ward 3 vs. Ward 12. 7 -16—Cary Hall 6 ^s. Gary Hall 8. 8:25—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 10. 8 :40—Ward 6 vs Ward 10. Court 3—D. Foster, official 7:00—Ward 7 vs. Ward 6. 7 :16—Ward 9 vs. Ward 4. 8:26—Ward 11 vs. Ward 2 8.40—Ward 16-X vs. Ward 8.
BARGAIN CENTER 20-22 North Third Street
MEN'S OXFORDS All Sizes, ^4 0|| Value to $7.00 ^ I •TO
LADIES'OXFORDS Best Brands, ^4 Value to $5.00 ¥ *
We handle bankrupt- stocks and sample merchandise.
//
“JoUl JwJm^
When we say we’re serving the finest Thanksgiving dinner ever, we mean just that. You’ll never know how good turkey can taste until you’ve tried Tom’s. Turkey Dinner with all the Trimmings 35c ARMORY RESTAURAHT
301 University Street
THE PURDUE Pigskin Teams Face Gruelling Sectional Tilts
Although many major teams have already completed the year’s schedules, the grand finale of the 1938 football season will make its appearance this week. Two conference championships and nominations for the various post season “bowl” games are at stake in the final program. Saturday Coach Wallace Wade and his unbeaten, untied, and unscored on Duke Blue Devils will entertain the famed Pittsburgh Panthers in one of the nation’s headliners. Although Pitt suffered a lone defeat this year at the hands of Carnegie Tech, they still rule as slight favorites for the battle. At Philadelphia the Army mule and the Navy goat will clash before 102,000 fans. Previous records mean nothing in the annual test for the service supremacy. Rose Bowl Possibility In the southwest T. C. U. risks its perfect record and Rose Bowl chances against a powerful Southern Methodist eleven. Should the Methodists win they will clinch at least a tie for the Southwest Conference crown. In the East the important games are the annual classic between NYU and Fordham and the Holy CrossBoston College tilt. In the south the highly touted unbeaten Vols of Tennessee will rule strong favorites to rout the Kentucky squad. Another “Turkey Day” feature will be the Alabama-Vand-erbilt tussle. The Dartmouth eleven will invade the Pacific coast with an invasion against Stanford at Palo Alto, Cal., in the outstanding intersectional tilt of the day. Southern California and U. C. L. A. will fight for Rose Bowl bid in one of the major attractions of the day. 25 Fencers Report For Daily Practice Faced with the task of filling the four vacancies created by last year’s graduation, Coach R, V. Finney is grooming the fencing squad for the first meet December 10. The brunt of the competition this year will fall on the four veterans of the last year’s varsity: Art Levin, Bob Meier, Myron Stepath, and Carl Hoffman. Twenty-five candidates have reported for the team with the new propspects showing improvement in the early practices of the season, according to Finney. Italian Student Helps Interest and finesse in the finer
SpuMit,
EXPONENT
ACROSS THE CAMPUS
For that walk across the Campus be sure that your footwear is appropriate for these winter days.
You will find the barged toe sport shoe comfortable and extremely wearable— Priced only . . . $2.68
The smartest sport, walking and street shoes in years. Good Jpoking, with loads-of^ractical comfort at low cost.
clcusbi^ lOEB&MENE COMPANY
Down Stairs Shoe Dept.
Outstanding High School Stars Will Swim In Annual Aquacade Tomorrow
Three 'Bs' Carry Ball 1159 Yards Final statistics on the groundgaining accomplishments of the ’38 Boilermaker football team reveal that the “Three Bees” Brock, Brown and Byelene, gained 76.6 per cent of the total yardage, averaged 6.08 yards per try, and carried the ball 61.9 per cent of the total number of times the Boilermakers carried the ball. Lou Brock and Jack Brown gained over half the total yardage. Jack Brown carried the ball 109 times, or an average of between 13 and 14 times per game, but Brock was the leading groimd gainer with a total of 452 yards, while Brown had 440, and Byelene had 267. Brown’s 440 yards is exactly one quarter of a mile of ground gaining for the 1938 football season, while Brock went 12 yards farther during the year making a total of a half mile between them. Complete statistics on running
plays follow ■
G
TC
NG
Av.
Brock
8
82
462
5.5
Byelene
8
37
'267
7.2
Brown
8
109
440
4.0
Ippolito
8
37
122
3.3
De Witte
7
29
116
4.0
Tykocki '
3
10
73
7.3
Winchell
2
4
9
2.3
Nesbitt
4
11
10
0.9
Vyverberg
2
■3
7
2.3
Juska
4
5
16
3.2
Montague
4
4
3
0.8
Petty
2
2
0
0.0
Thursby
7
1
0
0.0
Hennis
8
2
-3
-1.5
Totals
8
336
1512
4.5
G—games played; TC—^times carried ball; NG—net gain; Av.—average gain.
points of the game has been obtained by the squad from Paul Carrara, a transfer student from Rome, Italy, who has been helping Coach Finney. Carrara received his instruction from the best swordsmen in Italy, and has attained great heights in fencing in his native country. The fencing schedule this year includes meets with several army teams, other Big Ten squads, and a climax with a trip to New York. While in the Empire City the team will meet some of the East’s outstanding foilsmen, among them the famed New York University squad, and several of the various athletic clubs of the city.
Old Oaken Bucket Emerges From Dark Vault For Exhibition In the case built for it 14 years ago, the Old Oaken Bucket sits in the main foyer of the Union Building to remain on display until late tonight. The brass-bound bucket rarely gets out for public inspection, spending most of its time hidden in University vaults. The weathered staves show signs of warping, as light slips through large cracks between them. The brass hoops are green with age. Rivets are missing. But the old bucket is held in first place by In-diana-Purdue football fans. Hidden Since 1925 Since 1925, when the Purdue and Indiana alumni of Chicago gave the bucket as the symbol of football supremacy between the two sister schools, the bucket has been kept in hiding to avoid theft by disappointed students. In 1930 the bucket went on an 11-day vacation. This was its longest sojourn. The ninth ‘P’ has been added to the ever increasing chain of letters, but the score and the date have not yet been engraved. This will be done as soon as the bucket leaves its display case. The new ‘P’ makes the chain of 14 letters contain nine ‘P’s’, three ‘I’s’, and two ‘Pi’s’. Squash Squad Will Make Eastern Trip Embarking upon Purdue’s fifth season of squash racquets competition, Coach Clevett faces one of the most formidable schedules in the nation’s college squash files for the season of 1938-39. Heading the Boilermaker schedule in opponents will be Pennsylvania, Harvard, Yale, and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. These teams will be met by the Boilermaker racqueteers on their annual Eastern trip during the Christmas holidays. The personnel of the Purdue team is as yet in doubt but it is expected that Captain Sokolowski, Juve, Eberhart, and Jackson will form the nucleus of the team. A fifth man will be picked from the reserves and new men practicing on the new Fieldhouse courts. Second highlight of the local’s schedule will be the annual matches with the Indianapolis A. C. for the possession of the “Tea Pot” equivalent to the Old Oaken Bucket.
Dolphin, Trtton Groups Offer Swimming Farce; Utilize lighting Effecb By Augie Arkin From the ridiculous to the sublime, will be the manner in which the annual aquacadijs will be run off by the Purdue mermaids and mermen tomorrow and Saturday in the Fieldhouse pool. Sponsored by Dolphin and Triton clubs, the aquacade features water tactics mixed with humorous antics which will send spectators howling from their seats. The announcer foi the events and commentator for the performances will be the veteian Jeiry Ciral, who has been occupying the M. C. position for some time. Guest Stars Guest stars for the water festival will be Otto Jeretz, Lane Tech high school, Chicago, and outstanding swimmer in high school competition this year. He will show his ability in the 50 and 100 yard swims free style method. A group of girl swimmers from Indianapolis Athletic Club will also appear on the programs. Gil Tredwell, Charley Luce, and Chuck Gardner will provide the comedy by demonstratating among other things, “How to become an Olympic diver in one easy lesson.” They will feature “gay ’90” swimming suits in another of their acts. Gardner and Tredwell literally rolled lem in the aisles last year and from all indications will repeat the “seat emptying” act again this year. Humor However, all will not be comedy, because “Dodo” Wildhack and Barbara Cook, who hold AAU diving specialty championships, will add fancy diving and attempts to break swimming records to the programs. Lighting effects will be featured in the aquacade. Triton Club will go through a water formation, making use of the unusual effects of the pool under a water lighting system. Later, accompanied by the Dolphin Club, Tritons will present a water formation using individual electric lights. Three performances of the aquacade will be given tomorrow and Saturday evening at 7:30 p. m. and one Saturday afternoon at 2:00 p. m. Reserve seat .tickets #re on sale at the Union desk. Resident Halls, and the Women’s gym, as well as several fraternities and sororities. Dolphin and Ti-iton members also have tickets for sale.
POPCORN For Parties Six Gallons, Popped Fresh When Wanted 75^ DAD’S PLACE—SO HANDY
Complete consolidation under one roof of all plant and animal sciences except dairy husbandry at the University of New Hampshire will be possible in June with completion of two 90-foot wings to Nesmith Hall.
FORMAL SEASON IS OPEN
The Union Formal is the next dance that will calF for flowers.
Place your order now and receive the best.
< /4
^otL’6 635 Main St. Luna Theatre Bldg. Call 7955 8050III ii'
/
4 ^rfA the pdbdtje exponent OtaticeA.
Thursday/ November 24, 1938
Mr. And Mrs. Public, Eat More Today For Exactly Same Price According to the Indianapolis Star. Mr. and Mrs. John P. Public may further enjoy their Thanksgiving dinners today by knowing that they will cost on an average of 10 per cent less than last year. The cost of the tuikey will be approximately the same as last year. With the exception of cianberdes, vegetables are about 10 per cent cheapei. The cost for Thanksgiving dinner for eight persons will amount to approximately $6.55 compared to the cost of $4.60 in 1933. We should all remember, however, that regardless of high or low prices, we all have something to be thankful for, whethei we sit down to our dinner in a hovel or a palace Typical menu and avei’age cost of Thanksgiving dinner for eight pel sons is: tuikey, $3.60; oysters, 25 cents; buttei, 30 cents; fruit, 30 cents; cianberiies, 30 cents; celery, 20 cents; potatoes, 20 cents; sweet potatoes, 15 cents; bread, 15 cents; pastry, 60 cents; and miscellaneous, 60 cents. Bud Bryant's Band To Play At WAA Co-ed Bid Masked Ball Dec. 2 Bud Bryant and his campus orchestra will play for .the WAA Masked Ball amid confetti and gay streamers in the Union ballroom, December 2. Masks and noise makers will be provided at the door for everyone. The dance is senii-formal girls wearing long di esses, no corsages, and men in business suits. Louise Daniels, chairman of the social committee, announced that a lesson in the Lambeth Walk, to be conducted by Miss Helen B. Knight of the women’s physical education department, wall be one of the highlights of the evening. Stock Judging Teim To Enter Contest At Chicago Exposition Prof W W. Smith, ot the animal husbandry department, and his University livestock judging team will leave this afternoon for the International Livestock Exposition in Chicago. The team is composed of Lowell S. Hardin, Knightstown; Robert S. Harper, Ligonier; Gilman C. Stewart, Greensburg; Norman C. Ga^ard, Kempton; and Harold N. Woody, Thorntown. Alternates on the team are Harold H. Stonaker, Bedford, and Chester N. Kessler, Crawfordsville. This team will meet 27 livestock judging teams from the United States and Canada. The team will judge 12 classes—three classes of horses, three classes of hogs, three classes of sheep, and three classes of cattle. The boys will judge Saturday and return to the University next Wednesday.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges Eighteen New Men Pi Tau Sigma, national mechanical engineering honorary society, last night pledged 15 seniors and three juniors. Douglass C. Harvey, president of the organization, presided over the meeting and announced the pledges. Senior pledges include: L. J. Barley, C. A. Bennett, C. E. Clutter, P. S. Collier, R. H. Dean, G. Devore, C. E. Dixon, R. E. Dubois, M. L. Gregory, R. L. Kuhns, G. W. Matthews, C. H. Powers, D. R. Vance, M. C. Wakefield, and M. H. Weber. Juniors pledged were C. A. Heiderbreder, W. E. Dunshee, and A. B. Huston. Physics Faculty Will Attend APS Meeting Members of the faculty leaving tomorrow for the meeting in Chicago of the American Physical Society include: Di. Lark-Horovitz, Dr. H. M. James, Dr. J. F. Carlson, Dr. W. J. Henderson, Dr. J. K. Knipp, Dr. R. D. Present, Dr. H. J. Yearian, G. C Danielson, and other membeis of the physics depaitinent.
10:00—^WIND — Professional football, Chicago Bears vs. Detroit Lions. 12:00—WAAF — The Symphony Hour, “Tristan and Isolde.” 1 -00—WLS — Thanksgiving Day progiam. 1:45—NBC—College football, Alabama vs. Vanderbilt, 6:30—CBS—Joe Penner, with Ben Pollack’s orchestra. • 7:00—WBBM—Kate Smith, with Jack Miller’s orchestra. 8:00—WMAQ — Good News of 1939, with Robert Young. 8:00—WBBM—Major Bowes progi am. 8:30—WENR — America’s Town Meeting, Norman Thomas. 9:00—^WMAQ—Music Hall, with Bing Crosby. 10:45—WBBM—Calloway’s orch. 11 "00—^WGN—Goodman’s orch. 11:45—-WENR—^Weems’ orch. 12:00—WGN—Tucker’s orch.
Research Chemist To Speak For AChS Dr. J. A, Leighty, PhD ’36, research chemist for Eli Lilly and Company will return to the campus tomorrow to be honored with a dinner at 6 p. m, in the Memorial Union Building, given 'by the local student branch of the American Chemical Society. After the dinner Dr. Leighty will talk about “Recent Work on Hormones” in a speech to be given in the Stanley Coulter Hall auditorium at 7:30.
FOR SALE
WAA News
Riflery Rifleiy, delayed for three weeks from the original starting date because the backdrop had not been set up, will be started Monday evening, in the basement of the Memoiial Gymnasium. All co-eds may enter, but only those who are members of WAA can be on class teams or make points. The schedule for each week will be as follows: Monday, 6:15, Ward 4; 7:00, Ward 1; 7:45, WRH-N; 8:30, Thaeles. Tuesday, 6:15, Ward 3; 7:00, Alpha Xi Delta; 7:45, WRH-S; 8:30, Alpha Chi Omega. Wednesday, 6:15, Ward 3; 7:00, Makeup; 7:45, Kappa Kappa Gamma; 8:30, Pi Beta Phi.
11 12-45-1 1-15-1-30-
r On WBAA -PTA Program. -Parade of Melody. -Purdue News Flashes. -Russ Mock, pianist. -Civic Chats, Mary Wagner. -Luncheon Dance Time. -Aisene Summers, contialto -“I Want a Job.” -Melody Time, Pat Wolcott, soprano. -Footnotes on the Headlines Prof. Frank Hall. -Maiket Reports. -The Apothecary -State Safety. -You and Your Child. -Treasure Chest. -Men of Vision. -Pete Meginnis, baritone. -The Magic Carpet. -Morey Doyle, pianist. -S. A. E. Auto Show. -Melody Moods. -Story Book Hour.
Thursday, 6:15, Pedalion, Phi Mu; 7:00, Chi Omega; 7:45, Kappa Alpha Theta; 8:30, Makeup.
FOB SALE—1931 Ford sport coupe. Water heater. Good condition. Call 3016. Hansell.
MISCELLANEOUS TYPEWRITERS—^All maXeg, standard and portable, sold, purehased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Bbershoff, 606 Main street.
PERSONS TAKING overcoats from hanger in H E Building, at noon Wednesday, November 23 is known Please return to same place and no prosecution will follow. 45263
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Amateur softball championship award Finder please return to Ross Harrison at Chem Bldg
Activities Movie Photographers: General meeting will be held Friday, November 26, at 4 p m in room C of the Union Everyone please attend. —LUTZ
PEW—All girls in PEW 61, 63, and 66 must have posture conferences Make appointments with instructor immediately (11-26) —HAZELTON Exponent Co-ed, Editorial, Sports Staffs: General staff meeting in Union reception room at 4 p m Monday, November 28 Attendance of all freshmen, sophomores, juniors, and seniors is expected Please be prompt —HARDIN
ATURALLY you'd expect finer Dry Cleaning from Crown!
From a firm who had been in the dry cleaning field as long as CROWN, you would expeef to receive the utmost in scientific service. NATURALLY you would expect fine service— NATURALLY we would not disappoint you. FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH *ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
OkoL (IqaufL IPS THANKSGIVING To the many of you who will not be home for today’s celebration, the Peter Anderson Co. extends a sincere wish that your Thanksgiving may be a pleasant one. PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Sendee 525 Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048
ler, Leckie, Martinek, Harper, Packman, Ruth, Stevenson, Richardson. —SQUIRES. Christian Fellowship Hour: Meeting in room B of the Union tonight, November 24, at 7:30 p. m All students are cordially invited. —BURBRINK.
will start Tuesday, November 29. AH students wishing to Are in this group should sign up in the Supply Room of the Armory before 12 noon, Friday, November 25. —HOLMKS.
Tau Beta Pi: Formal pledging at the Union, Friday, November 26, at 6:16 p. m. —SMITH.
Concert Choir: Important rehearsal Saturday, November 26, at 2 p. m. in Fowler HaU. —CODDINGTON
Mortar Board: Compulsory meeting in the WSGA office Friday, November 26, at 6 p. m. Please wear your jackets. —WOOD.
Glee Club: Rehearsal Friday, November 26, at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. —WORCESTER
Co-ed Bowlers: Tournament postponed until Wednesday, November 30. —STOCKER.
PIA Dance Class: The dance class will not meet today, November 23, because pf the Thanksgiving holiday. The class will meet regularly Monday, November 28, at 7 p. m. -HEINE.
Men’s Bowling: Tournament postponed from Thanksgiving until Thursday, December 1. —WILLIAMSON.
Agronomjr Students: Meeting In Room B of the Union Tuesday, November 29, at 7:30 p. m. Guests and faculty invited. —FLANAGAN.
POMM: I'hose members wishing keys sign up in supply room by Saturday, November ZG. Price will be deducted from cadet pay. —DONOVAN.
I University Orchestra: No rehearsal this week (11-26) —PHILLIPS.
Tau Beta Pi: National President’s banquet Saturday, November 26, at 6 :00 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Actives, alumni, and pledges are requested to be present —SMITH.
Roger Williams club: Annual Thanksgiving outing Thursday, November 24, Big Rock on Tippecanoe. Meet at Wes' Lafayette Baptist church at 2:30 p. Transportation will be furnished.
—NELSON.
IS-
Recreational Swim: There will be no open swim for co-eds Thursday, November 24. —YEAGER.
Wesley Foundation: Co-operative Thanksgiving dinner for all who wish to join wilii us. Call Irene Sutherlin, chairman. (11-24) —McFADDEN.
Exponent Workers: There will be no work Thanksgiving day or night as no. paper will be published the morning of Friday, November 25. —HARDIN.
Physical Education for Women: All women taking P. E. W. 61, 58 or 66 mlist have a posture picture taken by this afternoon at 4 p. m. Posture conferences being Friday, November 26. —HAZELTON.
Camera Club; Mounting boards, tissue, and entry blanks will be available in the Student Union office from 4 to 6 :60 p. m. Wednesday and Friday, November 23 and 26. —MORRISON.
Purdue Engineer: The following men will repoit to the Engineer office Friday, November 25, at 4 p. m : Kimmel, Lantz, Law-
Miiitary: The sixth and last novice group
PENALTY DATES: During the present semester there are fonr penalty dates. They are November 23, 25, December 21 and January S. These days represent the 24 hour periods before and after Thanksgiving Day and the Christmas recess. —FISHER.
TRAPPERS AND HUNTERS Complete stock of guns and shells. Also trapping equipment.
SPERB HARDWARE 822-24 Main Street
Dewenter’s OFFER
The season*s smartest models $2.95 $4.00 - $5.00
The Well Dressed Young Man of Today Wears a Hat. Let IJs Show You dewemtee^s 416 Main Street
ihe Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Locksmith
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Professional
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-n N 5th St. Phone 2828
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—D D S HAROLD J. RISK—DDS. LUTHER A. RISK—DDS Schultz Building 4h and Main Phone 5701
SJI9|0Mdf •
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 '/i Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St,
4