A A-34’
*
Read Daily By 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, MAY 13, 1937
NUMBER 152
Incoming Corps Head Is High Ranking Officer
When Colonel Charles S. Blakely succeeds Lieut. Col. Carlos Brewer, af head of the military department, next fall, the corps'will b6 commanded by the highest ranking officer ever assigned to Purdue University. Colonel Blakely, for the last four years, assistant commandant and head of the field artillery school at Fort Sill, Okla., has had a distinguished army record since his graduation from West Point in 1904. In addition to graduating from West Point he graduated from the Army Service School of'Artillery in 1908; the slstff school at Leavenworth, Ran., in 1922; the Army and Navy college’in 1926; and the Naval W^ College in 1927. Colonel Blakely held the rank of brigadier-general during the World War. He is president of the field artillery board at Fort Bragg.
Kizer, Baugh To Visit 16 AlumniGroups
E. B. Baugh, executive secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association, and Noble Kizer, director of athletics here, left Tuesday for a tour of Indiana, Ohio, and Michigan, alumni groups. They will appear before 16 different alumni organizations before the end of the month. Motion pictures of last fall’s football games will be shown, and Kizer and Baugh will make addresses on the development of the University. Mai Elward, assistant football coach, will appear before alumni groups next week in Akron, Cleveland, Sandusky, and Toledo, O. On the following week his trip will continue \vith stops at Midland, Grand >Rapids, South Bend, Rochester, Logansport, and Kokomo.
Honor Dr. W.K. Hatt At ASCE Meeting
T. A. Dicus, new state highway commissioner, spoke on “Contributions,” at the annual banquet of the University section of the American Society of Civil Engineers, that was held at Lincoln Lodge at 6:30 last night. Prof. G. E. Lommel, of the civil engineering school, delivered a farewell address in honor of Dr. W. K. Hatt, retiring head of the civil engineering school. Local A. S. C. E. members, state highway commission members, and University faculty members were present at the banquet.
Foresters Choose Outstanding Senior
J. E. Phillips has been selected as the most outstanding senior in the forestry school by popular vote of the Forestry Club, and will be presented with the initial semi-an-nual Forestry award during the Forestry Field Day at Cary Camp, this Saturday. , The award, a high-grade compass, was made possible by Prof. G. E. Spenser, of the agricultural engineering department, and the Keuf-ell-Esser Co. Phillips was selected upon consideration of personality, grades, leadership, and neatness. The field day will run through Saturday from 1 until 7 o’clock and will include chopping contests, sawing contests, and baseball games. Tickets for the event are priced at 25 cents each.
WBAA Will Broadcast Play By Prof. Watts
“The Honeymoon Is Over,” a radio play written by Prof. Harold ■\yatts, will be presented over radio station WBAA next Tuesday, May 18, at 3:30 p. m., by memWs of the Lafayette Little Theatre. The cast will be made up of Mabel Lull as Effe, xSue Carmichael as Catherine, Sonya Williams as Cynthia, Trena Torrenga as Roberta, and Jack Neil as Tom. The announcing will be done by Gerald Venemann.
PIA Ins^talls New Officers At Banquet
Recently elected officers of the Purdue Independent Association were installed last night before 75 diners at the annual P. I. A. banquet in the Home Economics Building. David Ross spoke on “Living With People,” giving helpful post-graduation suggestions. L. J. Doud was presented with the Horace G. Reisner cup for having the highest grades in the P. I. A. Doud, who is in the agricultural school, has a scholarship index for four years of 6.22. The Lamb Trophy, awarded to the freshman most active in the organization, was given to Barbara Sweeney. Miss Sweeney has been on the board as women’s social chairman, and will continue in that capacity. Silver Keys Silver keys were awarded to 28 outstanding workers in the association. Dwight Wait,. Loren Buxton, Wilson^ White, and Harold Sennstrom, all past board members, were given gold keys. Guests included President Elliott, Dean Dorothy Stratton, Dean and Mrs. Fisher, and Dr. Harriett O’Shea. President Elliott gave a short extemporaneous talk after the dinher. A bracelet was given to Regina Kelley, former co-ed executive, and Naomi Ade was also awarded a gift for her services. Past President Herman Hersh, toastmaster of the dinner, received a gift as did Roger Dietrich. A girls’ dancing chorusf from the West Side High School provided part of the entertainment and music was provided by the P. I. A. orchestra. Members of the orchestra received pins for their activity.
Represen tatives Study Purdue’s Budget System
Representatives from several universities and colleges throughout the country have visited the campus recently to study the system of business management and budgetary as followed by Purdue. Yesterday three from Oklahoma A. and M. College at Stillwater, Okla., T. B. McClendon, J. L. Sanderson, Earle C. Albright, and C. G. Duncan, from the University of Tulsa, were on the campus to confer with President Elliott, Controller Stewart and others on the business end of the University. Several schools including Cornell, Vanderbilt, Indiana, Ball State, and the University of West Virginia have already adopted the system of business management used here, while the state of West Virginia has adopted the University budget procedure.
Union Honors Miss Nugent At Banquet
Miss Geneva Nugent, food manager pf the Memorial Union Building, was honored for her 11 years of service with the University at a dinner party Tuesday evening. The party was given by President Elliott and the Union board at the Colonial Tea Room in Lafayette. Dr. Elliott spoke at the dinner, congratulating Miss Nugent upon her success and achievements. Walter Schpler, Jr., of the Union board, acted as toastmaster, and Miss Ruth Grimm, Union vice-president, was chairmaii' of arrangements.
V. Conciatu To Speak
V. Conciatu, a native of Roumania, and a sophomore electrical engineering student, will speak on “The Roumania Of Today” tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial, Union Building: The lecture is part of the adult education lecture series and the public is invited.
Extra Copies Of Debris Available
Students who have not secured their copies of the 1937 DelnriB nuqr obtain them at any time between 8 a. m. and 3 p. m. today. A limited number of copies, in addition to those contracted, are available at $5.00 each. More than 1,000 students called for their copies of the Debris yesterday as distribution of the 2,100 books started. After today the hours for distribution will be from 4 p. m. until 5:30 p. m.
Lowman Wins ASME Contest
D. E. Lowman, freshman engineer, was awarded first prize for reading the best paper in the American Society of Mechanical Engineers’ “Student Papers Meeting” which was held last night in the Memorial Union Building. Lownaan spoke on “Testing Of Airplane Engines.” Other speakers and their subjects were: M. Sittig, “Diesel-Electric Streamline Train;” S. Miller, “Modern Die-Casting;” and E. W. Heller “Organization Of The Real-Silk Hosiery Mills.” The talks, each of ten-minute length, were judged by Prof. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school. Prof. J. D. Hoffman, head of the practical mechanics department, and Prof. H. L.- Solberg, of the mechanical engineering school.
Beltz To Interview Senior M E’s Today
John S. Beltz, chief engineer of the mirung department of the Jeffrey Manufacturing Company, Columbus, O., will interview mechanical engineering seniors for the designing section of his department, tomorrow in the Personnel Office of the Executive Building. The men selected will be placed in the drawing room of the engineering department, and from there they will go into the engineering, sales, service work, or the factory.
Stewart Goes To Chicago
R. B. Stewart, University controller, will be in Chicago today and tomorrow attending the annual meeting of the American Association of College and University Business Officers. He will speak on the “Training For College And University Business Administration.”
Julius Stone Will Lecture Here May 19
Julius F. Stone, Colunibus, O., the chairman of the Ohio State University Board of Trustees, and a noted explorer, will present an illustrated lecture on “Canyon Country—^The Romance Of A Drop Of Water And A Grain Of Sand” at open meeting sponsored by Sigma Xi, honorary research fraternity, on May 19 at 8 p. m. in Eliza Fowler HalL In 1909, Stone directed the first major expedition through the Grand Canyon by boat, a trip of 68 days. A record of this fascinating journey will be covered in the illustrated lecture. Stone has made several journeys to the Galapagos Island, the Mayan ruins in Yucatan, and the Aztec ruins in Mexico. He is a member of the Explorers’ Club, a fellow of the American Geographical Society, and a member of the A. S. M. E.
University Men Will Attend Spring Spree Saturday
Faculty members and men students will get together for a field day and outing Saturday afternoon at Ross Camp, when Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting honorary, holds its first annual Spring Spree. Sports events and a treasure hunt will be on the afternoon’s program. Baseball, horseshoes, three-legged races, relays, and a tug-of-war will be on the schedule of events. Tickets are priced at 50 cents each, and may be secured from Alpha Phi Omega members or at the Union desk. Those who do not have transportation may go in a bus that will leave the Memorial Union Building at 1:30 p. m. At the conclusion of the picnic Alpha Phi Omega pledges will be initiated.
Sigma Phi Epsilbn Gives
Neighbors’ Day Supper
Approximately 100 neighbors of Sigma Phi Epsilon social fraternity, were guests of that fraternity last night at a buffet dinner. The affair known as Neighbors’ Day, is an annual event sponsored by Sigma Phi Epsilon for the purpose of bringing members of the fraternity and their surrounding neighbors in
closer contact.
Compulsory Military Training Arouses Much Comment Throughout Land Grant Colleges
Associated Collegiate Press Recent flare-ups against compulsory military training in the East, Middle West, and West have finally brought some results. - After more than 70 years of “must” military science, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology will permit objectors to substitute alternative studies next September, authorities explained. Only those students whose objections to R. O. T. C. work are based on “sincere religious or moral grounds” will be permitted to take the substitute studies sa^l the statement. Alternative courses will include “such studies as international law,' history of arbitration, diplomacy or possibly an independent course chosen with the approval of a faculty committee or specialists.” Denied Degree The new plan will be retroactive in the case of Kenneth Arnold, who graduated from M. I. T. last year without receiving a degree because he had refused, on religious grounds, to complete required military studies. Arnold will be giv«i his degree upon the satisfactory completion of a special work program and a special examination being outlined by President Compton’s faculty committee. In North Dakota protests canie to an end when Governor William A. Langer signed a measure that forbids compulsory military train-
ing in state-supported educational institutions. At Ohio State University, however, no such tendency was evident. Two students were suspended recently because of their objections to taking the required R. O. T. C. work. Without guarding words, the Ohio Council of Churches in a convention adopted a resolution to do all in their power as religious leaders “to influence our young people to attend other institutions where the freedom of conscience is allowed.” “Virtual Boycott” Many newspapers have interpreted the action as a “virtual boycott” of Ohio State University. Discussion of the military training issue began in 1923, when the Wisconsin state legislature abolished compulsory military training at the University of Wisconsin, a land grant institution. This action challenged for the first time in the post-war era the impression that land grant institution were obligated by the Merrill Act, passed .by Congress in 1862, to maintain military training courses on a compulsory enroUment basis. More than a dozen other institutions of higher learning have, since then, shifted their R. 0. T. C. units from a compulsory to a voluntary basis. During the same period, no college or university has shifted R. O. T. C. courses from an optional to a compulsory basis.
ROTC Inspection Starts At 8 a.in. This Morning
By C. Harper, Jr.
Upon the arrival of Major Stuart McLeod and Major George S. Buerket, of the Fifth Corps Area, the annual inspection of the University R. O. T. C. will get under way with regular classroom inspection from 8 to 11 a. m. this morning. At 11 o’clock, the group will call on President Edward C. Elliott.
Following the noon hour, the en-
Inspects Corps
Clifford Townsend
SDX Sponsors Press Meet
Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic honorary fraternity will be host to journalists and newspaper men from the Indiana area this Saturday, when the University chapter conducts the first Purdue Newspaper Day. The entire program will take place in the Memorial Union Building. The Sigma Delta Chi leather medal will be awarded after the Founder’s Day Banquet to the individual who has contributed the most to the University during the past year. Active and associate membership pledges will be initiated during the afternoon program, which will begin at 2 o’clock. Afternoon Speeches Speeches by prominent Indiana journalists will be given prior to the initiation. Ned Gorrell, publisher cf the Pulaski County Democrat, and Paul Riddick, editor of the LaGrange Standard and News, will speak on “The Weekly Newspaper Field.” “The Daily Field” will be covered by J. Frank McDermond, publisher of the Attica LedgerTribune. ' Advertising ideas and business promotion will be discussed by Gardner J. Thomas, publisher of the Marion Leader-Tribune and Chronicle, in his address, “Promotion And Advertising In The Daily.” Wray Fleming, president of the Hoosier State Press Association, will speak on “Recent Developments In The Income Tax Field.”
O’Connor To Take Pictures of Today’s Military Maneuvers
Charles F. O’Connor, of a Detroit, Mich., motion picture service, will take several thousand feet of film of the corps inspection and the military band today and Friday. Included in the sound pictures will be the band, military review, and the inspecting party, including military officers of the fifth corps area. Governor Clifford Townsend and President Edward C. Elliott. O’Connor and two camera men arrived in Lafayette last night.
Dr. Strauss Speaks To 500 At Marital Lecture
Dr, Elizabeth Strauss presented a lecture on “Marriage From The Viewpoint Of A Woman Rhysician.” yesterday afternoon at 4 p. m. in room 101 of the Education Building before an audience of nearly SOO senior men. This was the last lecture in the series of five marital lectures given for senior men and women.
tire corps will form in the Armory at 1:30 p. m. and shortly afterwards they will be presented to Governor M. Clifford Townsend, Following this presentation, the unit will then march to Intramural Field where the review and inspection of the entire corps will take place at 2 o’clock. Pedestrians In case of rain this afternoon, the review will be held in the Armory, and the number of spectators will be limited to the inspecting party and friends of the members' of the senior military class. If the weather is good as predicted, all pedestrians are requested to enter the inspecting grounds by the entrances at Third and Fourth streets. There will be parking space available on the west end of Intramural Field via the northwest entrance at Stadium avenue. All classes will be dismissed this afternoon for the inspection. Following the review, the annual Cadet Officers’ banquet will be held in the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. Elliott Toastmaster President EUiott will act as the toastmaster at the banquet, while the Indiana governor will be the principal speaker of the evening. The list of distinguished guests includes Major-General Tyndall, of the 38th division; Colonel Albert Smith, donor of several cups to the outstanding c^et officers; Colonel Moorehead, president of the IndiaTia Chapter of the Sons of the American Revolution; Colonel West, representing the Corps Area commander, and David Ross, president of the University Board of Trustees. Besides a word from the above guests, the program includes presentations of prizes to the three juniors making the mo^t advancement during this year. Sabres, presented by Colonel Smith, wiU be given to the three seniors who presented the best solutions to a tactics problem.
Audrieth Will Lecture At AChS
Meeting Saturday Dr. L. F. Audrieth, professor of chemistry at the University of Illinois, will open the joint meeting of the Purdue and Indiana University sections of the A. Ch. S. to be held in room 106 of the Chemistry Building Saturday at 2:30 p. m. with a lecture on ‘Onium Salts As Acids.” Following Dr. Audrieth’s lecture. Dr. S. Glasstone, lecturer in chemistry at the University of Sheffield, at Sheffield, England, will deliver a talk on “Oxidation-Reduction Potentials In Theory And Practice,” at 4 p. m. in the same room. A dinner will be given in the Union Building at 6 p. m. for the society members and their friends.
Meredith Club WiU Elect Officers
Election of officers wiU follow an illustrated talk by Ruth Atwat*^ at a meeting of the Virginia cA Meredith Club to be held Friday^ May 14, at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics Building auditorium. Miss Atwater is director of home economics division of the National Cannecs Carp., at Washington, D, C. Her subject will be “Labeling Commercially Canned Goods And The Food Value Of The Canned Goods,” ^ Miss Atwater was formerly an instructor at the University of C3iicago and at Skidmore College, ^y, N, Y. She wiU show slides to illustrate her talk. Pearl Jackson and Nina DeWitt have been nominated for the office of president.
My;9
, 5; 43
l!ll i’l
T#b
THE FtmDUB
$urtiue exponent
VmomIwI i» l«8i
»1
mpmsKNTID rOR natiohai. aov«rt»«inr rv National Advertising Service, Inc CtUtgf Pmbttsk0n JtOmmMflo* 480 MAOWON AVE. NEW York, N.Y. Onicaro • BRAtRN . Rah FRANOiace Lea ANaaLBa • Portland • RBATTLa MEMBER f^saeciated 6ett»glate ^roee
IThitfsday, Ma^ 18; ml
&tlBnd ■■ aeeond clua matter at the post ofliee, Lafay^te. Indiana. DelWered Jy mH. taJ4 Bcr year: delivered fay carrier. ^.60 per year; aold hy a ringle copy. 2 centa.
Daily Student
Publication of Purdue University
OFFICE—B12 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
EDITORIAL STAFF
J. E. Brock
n. A. Railev. L. S. Hardin. C. D. Schroeder,
H. I.
Stanback, D. R. Vance
1
BUSINESS STAFF
D. C. Miller
. .. .T, P. Girard
W. .T. Gillilan
„ ji. Hensler
M. C. Reeves
Bditor. Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF . , , . R. F. Obenchain J, S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
WOMEN’S STAFF
Associate Editors
.. Marv Coolev. Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Issue Editor—L. C. Farquhar
On Editorial Policy
Whenever a new editor begins his initial attempts at interpreting news and campus opinion, there are many who expect a more or less radical departure in editorial policy. Far be it from us to attempt in a single year to radically change that which has been steadily built up during the past 54 years by the Exponent and during the past 65 years by the University. Our intention is rather to pick up the reins and drive on. There are a number of things on and around the campus which we think should be improved. Yet instead of enumerating definite planks for an editorial platform, we prefer to develop the ideas during the course of my tenure as editor. It is our belief that before paying tribute or contrarily panning anything, a thorough investigation of facts should be undertaken. College is a great place for the development of the mind— development that implies occasional change of opinion. The editor of a college paper, no less than other students who browse around in the University’s store of knowledge, is likely to change his mind. Since the Exponent, as well as Purdue, is a permanent institution, the staff of next year’s paper must work for the best interests of the University. This will necessitate the use of foresight instead of momentary prejudice in writing editorials. Rather than revert to the quixotic campaigns to abolish this and that, so dearly loved by numerous college editors, we propose to employ problem-solving editorials. We intend to aid the University as much as possible and to aid it not only by active boosting but by presenting criticism where criticism is merited. If improvement cannot be suggested together with criticism, however, the editorial tongue will be held. One point we want to 'make absolutely clear. The Exponent shall not be used for political purposes, campus or otherwise. Neither the editor or any member of the organization will play politics in his work on the paper. Letters from our readers must be of good taste and reasonable length and must bear the full signature of the writer in order to be acceptable for publication. Staff members will not be permitted to voice their opinions in the column set up for expression of the readers. , We shall try to edit a paper of interest to the students and one which will reflect credit on Purdue when viewed from the outside.
LUMA
DOUBLE FEATURE
TODAY — FRIDAY — SATURDAY
ITS ALL IN FUN...AND YOUXL UFF YOUR HEAD OFF!
Their Funniest Full Length Feature —^Plus 2nd Feature—
Read The Exponent Ads.
Indian Fir^ Wipers Must Have Tough Feet Londbn, Eng. —(AGP)—There is no mystery about the Indian ascetics who walk through fire; they simply have tough feet. So said Prof. J. C. Flugel, of the University of London, in regard to experiments recently conducted by that institution’s Council for Psychological Investigation. Glowing red embers were thrown into a trench 25 feet long and 5 feet wide. The temperature of the smoking lane was aboiit seven and onehalf times as hot as boiling water, or 740 degres Centigrade. Professional Supers Even Ahmed Hussain, a 23-year-old Moslem fire-walker, suffered burned feet. The amateurs, who trod through the ashes were burned in varying degrees. “My feet seemed to sink into the glowing ashes,” said A. J. Bould, a university student, “and some redhot cinders stuck painfully to the sides of my feet. It was not too bad.” ‘I made the experiment out of interest in its psychological aspect,” declared D. Russell, a psychology student. “I felt no great pain.” “I didn’t feel much heat,” said R. Adcock, the son of an asbestos manufacturer. “My father is an asbestos manufacturer. Perhaps asbestos runs in our blood.”
Display Pictures Of Royal Family
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Dean Potter Leaves For Meeting In Washington
Dean A. A. Potter, head of the school of engineering, left yesterday for Washington to attend a meeting of the executive committee of the American Engineering Council, of which he is president. He will return via Detroit, stopping there to speak Monday for the Council, before the national meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Enginers. The research committee of that organization is making possible the research work at Purdue on high pressure boilers.
In view at the coronation in England yesterday, the library staff has set up a group of pictures of the royal family in the display case in the downstairs hall. y A copy of “A Prayer For The King’s Reign” written by John Masefield, poet laureate, for the cor onation is accompanied by a pic ture of the new king. Three pictures, one of Queen Mother Mary, one of the “Busiest Man In The British Empire” and ^e of his , “First Drive In State” Have fceeh taken from Illustrated London News of April 10. Copies of portraits of the king in three robes and suitable accompanying crown or coronet are also shown. A family rotogravure picture and pictures of the two princesses complete the display.
“Insanity is on the increase. Al- , ready more beds are being occupied by mental cases in the United States than by patients hospitalized from all other causes combined.” A black horizon presented by Dr. Earl Crafts, Ohio State University psychiatrist.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
ARC
TODAY — FRIDAY — SATURDAY
Kermit Maynard
“Valley of Terror” —and— Robert Armstrong and Sally Filers
“Without Orders” —also— “Undersea Kingdom”
Western Electric AUDIOMETER
It’s all around you
In this busy age, things made by Western Electric appear on all sides. For in addition to its primary function as manufacturer, purchased and distributor for the BeU Telephone System, Western Electric produces apparatus to meet almost every sound-transmission 'need. That is why Western Electric is called “the leader
in sound-transmission.”
MmufaetuHng Phmu at CUeago, tlLt Katimgr, N. and BaMmora, U4.
“Put both on one check, please.”
r
The MARS Scores Again!
ANOTHER OUTSTANDING STAGE and SCREEN ATTRACTION FRIDAY and SATURDAY Plus—Prices to Suit Everyone
Friday Till 2.00 P. M. Sat. 11:30 A. M. to 1P.M.
All Seats 25c
Thereafter All Seats 30c Till 5:00 P. M. After 5:00, Main Floor, 40c—Balcony 30e—Children 15c (All Day)
FLASHES OF THE GAY WHITE WAY —Featuring— Bill Telaak
Sally Payne
Allan Reno “Broadway Playboy”
Tom, Dick and Harry “Broadway Vagabonds
Kelly and Hayes “Manhattan Jesters
Betty Saxton “Dynamic Soubrette'
Johnny Elliot “Rubber Legged Johnny
Roberta “The Gorgeous Dancer
The Park Avenue Debutantes
The Broadway Cavaliers Torrid Swing Band
—PLUS—
This Outstanding Screen Attraction headlines<■ ^’ ‘ ' y ; ^'
V 'i
7 1 "^'t / I
AH Campus GoU
Nears End; 8 Men Left Eight men out of the sthrtin# field of 17 are still in the ruhning at the quarter-finals of the all-cam-pus goH tourney. The first rounds of the matches, a schedule of which appears elsewhere on this page, must be played today or tomorrow, and the second round Saturday.
FRESHMAN TENNIS
TODAY—5:00 Lentz vs. Hebbler. Berg vs. Spurgeon. Alexander vs. Meyer. Blitz vs. Ghapline.
NOW SHOWING
Hold First Half Of Ward Track Meet The first half of the hnnual Ward track and field meet was run off yesterday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium. The second half of the meet will not be held until tomorrow, because of the R. O. T. C. inspection this afternoon. Bachman was the high point man in yesterday’s events, taking a first in the discus throw, seconds in the 440 yard dash and 220 yard hurdles, and third in the shot put. The ward standings have not been com^tiled as yet^ but will he available after the rest of the meet is run off. Events scheduled for Friday are the tiv6 niile rub, the half mile run, 220 yard dash, 220 yard low hurdles, high jump, and the broad jump. The summaries of yesterday’s events: 100 Yard Dash—Trayer, Reed, Middleton. ^ 220 Yard Low Hurdles—Jessup, Bachman, Reed. Mile Run—Fuller, Kochlas, Snyder. 440 Yard Dash—Burger, Bachman, Henderson. Pole Vault — Harlow, Frazier, Buckthal. Shot Put—Dennsler, Stephenson, Bachman. Discus Throw—Bachman, Rhebel, Cramer.
NOTICE SPORTS STAFF
All members of the Exponent sports staff will meet at 9 p. m. May 13, 1937 at th^e Sigma Chi House. f —Obenchain.
ALL-CAMPUS GOLF TODAY & TOMORROW
D. Lawrie vs. H. Goldstein. W. Curtin vs. D. L. King. W. Sanders vs. C. Ehinger. F. McDowell vs. R. Skinner.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
AjeroiTN^ Of Tii? ^Screen!
R LO;F/t,
A$ He Is ^ Today!
iobart luel l^ds Pierce ^Corrigan
TODAY OKLY MA3IS
a#
rm vmmm Expomm
Plan Full Sports Card For Week-end A heavy sports schedule is being planned for this week-end, with baseball, track,, golf, and tennis squads all slated for action. The week-end program follows: Baseball Friday—Michigan here. Saturday—At Notre Dame. Track Saturday—At Chicago. Golf Friday—Ohio State here. Saturday—Detroit here. Tenis , Friday—Indiana at Ohio State. Saturday—At Ohio State.
Interfraternlty Baseball Finals Stai*t Tomorrow Finals in the inter-fraternity baseball tournament are scheduled to start tomorrow, with eight teams fighting for top honors. The two teams from the lower bracket still in the running, the Alpha Gamma Rho’s and the Alpha Kappa Lambda’s, will battle for first place in that bracket,^the winner to receive a trophy.The victors will then go ahead in the tourney in competition with the other six teams which are all from the upper bracket. The final winners will be awarded individual medals as well as a trophy.
STANDINGS
—National League— ^ Won Lost Pet. Pittsburgh 14 3 .823 St. Louis 11 7 .611 New York 10 8 .555 Brooklyn 10 10 .500 Chicago 9 10 .474 Philadelphia 8 11 .421 Boston 7 12 .368 Cincinnati 6 "'.,11 .353 Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 6; Boston, 2. Brooklyn, 5; Cincinnati, 1. Pittsburgh, 6; New York, 5. St. Louis, 15; Philadelphia, 3. —American League— Won Lost Pet. Philadelphia 10 5 .667 Cleveland 9 6 .600 Boston 8 6 .571 Detroit 9 8 .529 New York 9 8 .529 Chicago 7 10 .411 St. Louis 6 9 .400 Washington 6 12 .333 Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 13; Washington, 5. All other games rained out.
“College men are nice—except those at Yale. I was in New Haven on several occasions and they were perfectly horrid.” Ann Corio, stripteaser, bares her mind to a Daily Pennsylvanian reporter.
TODAY — FRI. — SAT. 2 First Run Hits
HE TOOK THE LAW In HIS OWN HANDS, rf
... when the woman he loved was in danger! i''-
fair OUT the ^ LAUGHPRESERVERS!
HMT MMSr ZIMlWMlWl
HUGH HERBERT MARY MAGUIRE • TOM BROWN > * Fi«sr N*n ficime • pinonron iiv Wi.me. a<a> f
ww • Ttddl Intf • UncM l| UMS MM
fielder's choice
The baseball squad is enjoying a much-needed breathing spell yesterday and today . . . what with the double-header Saturday and games Monday and Tuesday the boys need a little time to take stock of themselves . . . —^fc— Pat Malaska seems to be doing all right in his new position behind the plate . . . Ross Dean, who has been shifted to first the last couple of games, is performing fairly well, also ... the revamped infield has as good possibilities as any that Dutch has so far tried, but there is still plenty of room for imprprefnfent, as Tuesday’s game showed . . —fc— Arnold Bredewater certainly deserves some applause ... 22 strikeouts in less than two full games is no mean record ... he not only did his part Tuesday by fanning eight Techmen, but contributed a three-bagger to the cause, that resulted in a run . . . —fc— Ed .Skoronski is coming home • . . Manager Risser of the Lafayette Red Sox is welcoming Big Ed back into the fold . . . evidently Ed did not like it down in Dallas . . . they say he was doing all right by himself down there, too ... anyway, the local boosters will be glad to see him clouting ’em again . . . —J. S. B.
IRWIN LISOGOR Michigan Infielder
Hit-Or-Miss System Of Art Displayed in Bldg, 2 By Sally McKee Did you ever sit idly scribbling, letting your pencil or pen wander where it will ? Of course you have. And haven’t you also sat staring at those hit-or-miss 'lines until suddenly you saw a definite figure outlined there? You probably didn’t think any more about it but this is the basis of the newest thing in art. Perhaps it will succeed surrealism just as surrealism followed the modernistic era. Recently in A. D. 54 lab Miss Ruth Austin explained the origin of this art which attempts to produce the ultimate in grace and naturalness for figures.
3 University Visitors Escape Injury In Crash Three Indianapolis motorists on their way to the state photographers’ conference being held here narrowly escaped injury Tuesday when the driver of the automobile lost control of the car on East Main street. The car turned over several times and was badly damaged. All three were bruised but none of their injuries were serious. The occupants of the car were Ernest A. Morris, Mrs. Joseph E. Cravens, and Charles Hackleman.
“Education is a fairly serious business, or, if it isn’t, it ought to be.” The University of Wisconsin’s President, Clarence Addison Dykstra, knows college students.
Don Lmh Will Try For New Record At Cotton Carnival Blomington, Ind., May 12.—Don Lash, Indiana University’s distance running ace, will attempt to add another record to his rapidly growing collection when he runs the 3,000 meter event in the Cotton Carnival track meet tomorrow at Memphis, Tenn. Lash, holder of the world's outdoor and indoor records for the two-mile run, last Saturday ran a mile in 4 min. 9.7 seconds, and is expected to be in top condition for the mile and one-half. The team Which will leave here this morning includes: Lash and Tommy Deckard, distances; Bob Collier and Kenneth Gunning, in the sprints; Mel Trutt,'Sam Miller, Malcom Hicks, and C. L. Richardson, middle distance; and Jack Neely and Charles Baldwin, hurdles. The Hoosiers will be joined by Dan Caldemeyer, former Indiana hurdle and high jump star, who will compete in the meet unattached.
Mars Theatre To Present Broadway Passing Show Broadway Passing Show, a sensational presentation of the t3Tpe of show made famous by the Follies Bergere in Paris, and by several American revues such as the Ziegfeld Follies, Earl Carroll’s Vanities, George White’s Scandals, and Winter Garden’s Passing Shows, will be presented by more than 40 players on the Mars stage tomorrow and Saturday nights.
Afliletic Honorary Tryonfs Continne Tryouts for momherslifp in Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic hoiiorary, will continue this aftermon at 4 o’clock in the stadium. These tests have been held each Thursday for the past several weelu. Frosty Fields will be in charge of today’s events. They will include the broad jump, shot put, 100 yard dash, 120 yard hurdles, football throw, and mile run.
“Presumably a college deals in character building, academic discipline and culture. Yet if we were to aceepi the newspaper and perh>dical, radio and news reel publiei^ as an accurate portrayal of college life, we should indeed be beguiled into thinking the wares were social and athletics.” Press agent Storrs Lee of Middlebury College suggests an “about-face” in c<filege publicity releases.
PATRONIZE 'THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post OflBce Wallace Block 322 Ferry St-
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
ROSES, reg. 75c 3 yr. old 29c each Grass Seed, 39c lb. Lawn Fertilizers, $2.98 100 lbs. Eclipse and Pennsylvania Lawn Mowers. JOHN SPERB HDW.Foi»
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, l^ajr 13> 1&37
Dr. Test To Attend Science Meeting Several faculty and staff mem-bei-s of the University will attend a meeting of the Indiana Academy of Science at Winona Lake on May 21 and 22. The president of the organization is Dr. Will Edington, of DePauw University, formerly of Purdue. Dr. L. A. Test, of the chemistry department, who is secretary of the Academy will lead a bird study tour on the morning of the 22nd as one of the features of the program.
‘fascism Just Another tsm’ Says Prof. F. R. Hall “Fascism, like communism, is just ‘another ism’,” is the private opinion of Prof. F. R. Hall, of the history, government, and economics department. Professor Hall, however, acted as professional agent of fascism last night in reception room of the Memorial Union Building, when he spoke at a meeting sponsored by the Purdue Student 4^11iance as a proponent of fascism. Prof. Hall upheld this tj^e of government, as he was attacked and heckled from the floor, in order to give his audience an idea of the fascist principles. The meeting was scheduled to close at 9 p. m., but became so lively that it was impossible to draw the debate-discussion to a close before 9:30.
Placement Service Warns Of Interview Bungling By Seniors Philadelphia, Pa.—(AGP)—Many seniors qualified to hold positions fail to land them because they bungle the first interview with their might-have-been employer. For this reason. Dr. Clarence E. Clewell, director of the University of Pennsylvania’s placement service, and his assistants advise seniors what not to say: “I am willing to accept any job you offer me. “Explain what you have done, can do, and want to do. Should the question of salary arise, do not respond that you are willing to work for practically nothing, for the employer will judge you worthy of no more. State the minimum wage acceptable.” More Suggestions Some other suggestions for overcoming negative impressions are these: “Sincerity, modesty and good manners are most essential. Avoid personal inquiries and crude curiosity, such as attempting to read correspondence or other papers lying on the interviewer’s desk, listening to his telephone conversation or interrupting another speaker. “Look the interviewer in the eye while conversing; sit erect; be alert, pleasant, consistent and determined but do not take too much of his time.”
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
LAWN MOWERS Sharpened NEW and USED MOWERS Free Delirdry F. JOS. MULH AUPT & SON
Erect More Seats For Texas Rangers’ Rodeo Additional seats were erected yesterday afternoon in the coliseum at the Pair Grounds to take care of the increasing attendance at the Texas Rangers’ Rodeo. The rodeo is sponsored by the Lafayette Fire Department for the benefit of their relief fund. Performances start nightly at 8:30 and will continue through next Sunday. There will also be a matinee performance on Sunday afternoon.
Phone 2828
209-11 N. 5th St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4966
LITTLE FENDRICH
AND DON’T FORGET TO VOTE MY WAYI!
Lucky Candidate to have LITTLE FENDRICH ratnpaigning for him and it’s a cinch that after he’s the new class president they’ll still cast their votes anytime for LITTUB FENDRICH PANBTELAS!! The favorite dgar among young men for years...
Little
A'' H'‘ B'' u; '1b:& M 'tf
Princeton Inaugurates ‘‘Free Week” For Trial Princeton, N. J.—(AGP)—Criticism that college students are not allowed to break their shackles long enough to exercise initiative is being met at Princeton University by the introduction of a “free week,” during which upperclassmen can carry on study independently. This plan designed for juniors and seniors, will be conducted experimentally for one year. Upper classmen are being released from class rooms for the week preceding the annual spring vacation. An outstanding feature of the Princeton curriculum has been the amount of self-education expected of juniors and seniors. The free sti^y week is being established to giw the student even more chance to use his own resourcefulness.
Discovers ‘The Perfect Figure’ After 15 Years Toronto, Ont. —(AGP)— Somewhere on the University of Toronto’s campus walks a co-ed with a “perfect figure.” She is the woman for whom Dr. Edith Gordon, university medical advisor, has been looking for 15 years. No one on the campus but Dr. Gordon knows who “Miss Venus” is and she refuses to divulge her secret. “I have been examining students for 15 years and each year I live in hopes of meeting the perfect woman,” she informed the physical education section of the Ontario Educational Association. “This year I met her. Sometimes their backs are too long or too short, sometimes they have too long a neck or too short a neck, sometimes their thighs are too long or short. It is most interesting, this study of symmetry and proportion, “And when you find a perfect one, it is as great a thrill as when you find a beautiful piece of statuary— only more so because it is living.”
Stratton To Entertain YWCA At Lawn Supper Members of the advisory board of the Y. W. C. A. will entertain the old and new members of the cabinet at a dinner to be served on the lawn of Dean Dorothy C. Stratton’s home, 1007 Ravinia Road, at 5:30 this evening. The cabinet will hold a meeting before the dinner at 5 o’clock at the home of Pat Heine, 815 N. Grant street, to clear up any necessary business.
Research Foundation Reports Progress Members of the Purdue Research Foundation heard reports of progress on numerous projects at their annual meeting held yesterday at the University. ' President Elliott is also president of the Foundation, and controller R B. Stewart is a member.
Your Clothes are entitled to Crown Cleaning Service Success depends largely on personal appearance. You cannot afford to overlook this important detail—that's why your clothes should be Crown Cleaned regularly.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Wanted—To exchange with student, a very desirable first floor room during summer for work in yard, etc. Apply at 333 S. Grant,
Lost—Sigma Nu fraternity pin, bearing initials R. R. M. Call Mock 2401.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Men’s Archery—Every afternoon at 4 p. m. on the range at the south end of the Intramural Field. Equipment will be supplied. —KINZER.
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation will be postponed until May 16. —PITTMAN. English 121 Students—Sections A and B meet in room 201 of the Education Building, 8 a. m. for Wednesday and Friday classes. —SCHICK. Best Soldier Contestants—All freshmen and sophomores in the Scabbard and Blade best soldier contest report to Armory in uniform May 16 at 1:80 o’clock. —HOPPER.
Industrial Education Students—Call at my office and make out schedules for next semester. —HOFFMAN.
W. A. A. Golf—^The following matches are to be played by May IB: Elstun vs. Guthrie, Little vs. Moorhead, Jones vs. Hall, Ljonan vs. Baxter, Richards vs. Humphreys, Hiner vs. Callison, Randall vs. Hanley. Winter rules are to be observed. Play is to be match play. Turn score in to the W. A. A. office. —WILEY.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Meeting at 5 p. m May 13 at Pat Heine’es home, 815 North Grant street —BRYANT.
Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting May 14 at 7 :16 p. m. in room A of the Union Building. Officers for next year will be elected. Every member is expected to be present. —FUTOOHEE.
Entertain Pi Phi Seniors Pi Beta Phi alumnae entertained the nine seniors of the active chapter at dinner Tuesday evening in the home of Mrs. Burtis E. Horrall, Each of the senior girls was presented with a white hand woven purse, made by girls at the Pi Beta Phi Settlement School at Gatlinburg, Tenn.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for« “ COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding and New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes and Holler Skates for Rent Phono 2291 State & Main Sto., W. L.
P
RINTING
^SUDDEN
^RVICE _ _ one* SbdleMfy.. Woddinfl Invilalloa*
PHONE " faUiBook^Ete...,
CASSEL*S 4o«reRi»
The tfainUmr felleir ealla A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Spddal OecMlona Me per paacenger unr part af tba cltjr tm PHONES un YELLOW CAB CO.
W. A. A. Baseball—Class practices for baseball begin May 14 at 4 p. m. —TOWNSEND.
Senior Mechanicals—John S. Beltz, chief engineer of the mining department of the Jeffrey Manufacturing Company, will interview seniors May 14 in the Personnel Office. —WALTERS.
Exponent Co-eds—Meeting May 14 in women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 4 o’clock. —PYKE.
Entymology Club—Meeting May 13 at 7:30 p. m. in Agriculture Hall. Discussion of spring picnic plans. Important! Please be there. —HU-TTON.
Virginia C. Meredith Club—Meeting on May 14, in the Home Economics auditorium at 4 o’clock. —MURPHY.
The Risk Dental Clinic DK. PAUL A. KIBK DR. HAROLD 3. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RUK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in tlw VAROTY BOOT SHOP
R. E. M. C.—All students who gave applications to C. E. Burton for work this summer on R. E. M. C. report to room C of the Union at 7:30 May 13 for an important meeting. —BURTON.
Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council—Important meeting May 13 in the Memorial Union Building. —JARRETT.
Alpha Lambda Delta—Meeting at 7:15 May 13 in room D of the Memorial Union Building. —PITTMAN. Camera Club—Meeting in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m.
May 13. All members are requested to be present. Very important. —CLAYPOLE.
E. E. Seniors—^A representative of the Square D Company, Detroit, Mich., will interview seniors interested in sales work with that company on May 10. Sign up in Professor Harding’s office if interested. —WALTERS.
Seniors—B. F. Martin, Assistant Dean, Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration will interview on May 16 seniors who may take a graduate course in Business Administration at Harvard. If interested call the Personnel Office. , —WALTERS.
yhDrla R'JiffK litsli iw«rt ' Sjftooth VAW ’Gray IvDfy- »* d«ie!kl«id;J m mm hwdePw.aa Gib#' in 1
IW irfORMAlS lOOINVaOFES . , amwAddit^ J Haywood's Retail Dept. Lafayette, Ind.
FEE IDEIRIIIE GMCES OF TOUR FRIENDS... trill confirm your good judgment in selecting FREEMAN ^WHITES" for summer wear. Styled in excellent taste and built for maximum comfort. Likable^ flexible^ ^ comfortable^ clean able and WMRabie.
WOMM WMTM WMMBB
. . MY MMM.M,MOIVS
A. B. C. SHOE CO.
412 Main St. Lafayette
Flowers from Clark’s for Formals ) CLARK’S FLOWER SHOP 627 MAIN ST. PHONE 5432