,^'V ,J» t ^ I. *
iDlt COMMENTS
'' „On Coed's Etiquette r' As Prexy Speaks &Uihe 55 No. 102
Give To The Red Cross
Established 1889
XM04iekit " Coeds Cut Loose Again
RED CROSS
Reissues SOS CaU
For Coeds' Time
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, March 11, 1S4S
Cross Drive
fliers Fourth Day
Over $3500
All Advanced In ERC May
MT Students Receive Call
Crowd Applauds Play shop Comedy On Opening Night
Murderous Spinsters Hold Audience In Stitches Throughout Performance
Gaining momentum, the annual Red Cross War Fund and privates in the Army ciiiu wm ue returneu lo me umversity lux me remamuer ox txxe semes- “Arsenic and Old Lace”, comedy deluxe, put on by as fine a Membership Drive for Tippecanoe County is now entering the ter. Although the plans are as yet very indefinite and incomplete, it is expected that the stu- cast as could possibly be mustered any place by an college camfourth day with over $8,500 contributed and $232 pledged by dents will be transported to Ft. Benjamin Harrison on or near March 19. pus in the nation, completely held a full house in suspense, kept the University faculty and students. The University staff After three or four days at the induction center during which time the men will receiye them in stitches, and gave ample cause to twitch back and teads all other groups with a total of $2,956.90 given to date, uniforms and the other things which go with induction into the Army, the privates wifi be re- forth in one’s seat for a full two hours last night in the openThe Women’s Residence Halls have donated $250 and the bal- returned to the University where they will be allowed to attend their regularly scheduled ing performance of what is to be the final production of “Play-
University Staff Leads Race Of Contributions; Fifty Cents Per Person Is Goal Set For Students
Indefinite Plans Call For Induction Trip To Fort Harrison, Completion Of Semester
According to a tentative plan received at the University by telephone, all advanced military students who are in the Enlisted Reserve Corps will soon be called to active duty as
t, .'Ualhihg momentum, the annual Red Cross War Fund and privates in the Army and will be returned to the University for the I’emainder of the semes-
^fiCe is made up of other various campus organizations. t?IA representatives are soliciting the co-op houses and Women’s Residence Halls. ifoUse to house coverage is being Inade by Ward chairmen. All df these solicitors have authorizatidn crards showing them to be legal dbllectors for the Red Cross. Joe Dawson and P. G. Miller are in' charge of collecting from the
Queeri/ Court To Reign Over Purdue Relays Prospective Attendants To Cast Ballots For Sorority, WRH, PIA, SCA Candidates Selection of a Queen and a court of three attendants to reign
classes for the remainder of the semester. The men may be quartered in Cary Halls and will be under military discipline. Quarters and meals will be furnished and the men will receive regular private’s pay of $50 per month. This plan does not apply to advanced military students who are not in the ERC and
Sevitsky To Appear At Concert Tuesday Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra To Play Work Of American Composer
shop on this campus for the
season.
Two sweet old spinsters, the Brewster sisters, played by Lois Jane Vaughan and Becky Anne Pervine, were the nucleus of the play. These two old ladies were a private branch of the Brooklyn Humane Society, strictly in their own light. They ran a very unsuccessful boarding house, tm-
Fabian Sevitsky, director of the Indianapolis Symphony successful because they fou^id it
fraternities on the campus; and over the Purdue Relays scheduled here Saturday, March 27, under current plans they will Orchestra, will appear at a convocation to be held next Tues- necessary, for the happiness of all
h)[at‘ge Riddell, the sororities.
Bodth In Union
r Resides contacting all the campus 6rk»tti^ations and students, the Red Orbss has set up a booth in the Uhion for the benefit of those stu
will be determined by ballots cast by prospective attendants uot be called to active duty ,at at the colorful games, according to plans announced yesterday this time. However, special by the student committee in charge, headed by A1 Menke, pres- provisions will probably be
(ifepts who might be overlooked. All inated by the sororities, WRH, dphtributors at the booth will re- ^nd the PIA, will be seated in tags indicating that they have ^ throughout shpporped the drive. These tags re- ,, . , . , , 'ii pWe the usual metal buttons, sav- track carnival and Will
ihjg ah estimated 52 tons of metal
thtoiigh the country. Fifty Cents Per Person
i,Tha goal of the drive on the cam-
j^US'is to obtain at least fifty cents winners.
per student or double the goal The Relay Queen Commilj,tee
ident of Gimlet Club.
The Queen and her court, to be elected from candidates nom-
preside at victory ceremonies following each of the final events. She will also present the trophies and medals to the place
AWS Selects Girls To Run As Officers For Summer Term
made for these men to join the Enlisted Reserves and be inducted into the Army with the remainder of the advanced students. Also this plan is concerned only with the ERC’s who are in the advanced military course and in no way effects other students in the En-
listed Reserve Corps.
University officials empha-
day at 7:30 p. m. in the Music Hall,
In making its annual appearance here, the Symphony is continuing its policy of presenting concerts, which due to wartime travel regulations have been restricted to a certain
degree, before audiences throughout the state.
— — ' ' ■■ Its leader, Fabian Sevitsky,
Campus Dog Show Entries Due Friday In Debris Workshop Judges fox- the Debris-sponsored
their roomers, to poison them in order that they might enjoy the much deserved peace and rest really
due them.
Roomers Were Men
The old girls wouldi question the forlorn looking gentlemen that they
has been with the organization lured into the rooming house, and since 1936. He first appeared always found that these poor old as guest conductor with the roomers to be, were 1 ^ ,, men; that these men were without
symphony, and as a result, was
AWS candidates for officers for
kj^li^ht in previbus campaigns. This which is composed of Virginia Lee the summer term were nominated size that these plans are only campus dog show, have been anii/fifeoVs6ai>y to fill the $6000 goal MacDonald, of Newcastle, president last Tuesday by a committee of temporary as they have been bounced by the Debris. Prof. J. W
ii-11. _ . ^!-> 1 nr 1 1 girls representing each "■ ^
9^t by the Tippecanoe County Drive of Gold Peppers, and Mabel fbr th^. University. The county’s Vaughan, of Danville, chairman of rfpfil $37,000 nearly $10,000 of the judicial board of AWS, in addi-whibh-has been raised. tion to Chairman Menke, has set a ■'.the money contributed during deadline for nominations for the tljls <il'iVe will be used in financing coveted honor at 4 o’clock next the Red Cross gifts of blood Monday afternoon. The field of canplasma, surgical dressings, nursing didates will be composed of one sbi'vice and first aid detachments nominee from each sox-ority, one
fbi* bxir forces fighting overseas. dr. Harlow To Speak On Variety Of Topics Today, Tomorrow Di*. Btarry F. Harlow, Associate Professor of Psychology at the University of Wisconsin, will be on the chmpus today and tomorrow. He will give the following lectures today: "Intelligence in Men and Monkeys,” from 8 to 9 this morning and "Interrelationships Between Perception, LeaxTiing and Thinking” between 3 and 4 this afternoon. ,Both lectures today are in x’oom 202 of the Biology Annex. 'Dr. Hax'low will speak on “Bx-ain InjUX’y and Its Effect on Higher Mental Px’ocesses” tomorx-ow morning from 9 to 10 in room 13 of the Edxlcation building. “How to Design a hlachine that Thinks” will be his subject tomoxTow morning from 11 to^' 12 in room 202 of the Biology Annex. Illustrated Lecture.s 'All of these lectures, although hbld in X’egular classes, will be open to staff nxembers, students and townspeople. The lectui'es will be illustrated. Dr. Harlow will also hbld individual conferences tomorrow fx'om 2 to 4 in the afternoon. Graduate students and staff members working on any problem in psychology, even though it is not connected with any of the lectures, are ui'ged to make appointments in advance by calling Marcella Fites at 2926. Debris Asks Houses To Send Delegates All sororities and fraternities must send a i-epresentative to the Debris editorial office to call for a data sheet not later than tomorrow. Instructions will be given to the representative concerning their house group pictures. They are also requested to bring their contract and remittance if they have not al- . i'eady been turned in.
nominee from each of the Women’s Residence Halls, and nominees each from the PIA and SCA. With the opening of advance ticket sales for the Relays next Monday, each ticket purchaser will be provided with an official ballot good for one vote in the Queen contest. Actual voting in the contest has been scheduled for Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, March 2224, at a time and place in the Union building to be announced. The polls will close on Wednesday afternoon, Max'ch 24, at 5, at which time all votes will be finally tiibulated. The nominee with the highest total vote will be designated as Relays Queen, with the next three in ox-der to serve as her court. Following the close of nominations Monday aftex’xioon at 4, a gxoup picture of all nominees will be taken at 4:30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union building. W6AA Will Feature Fraternity Programs Thursday At 7 P. M. Tonight will be the first in a series of programs over WBAA spbnsorcd by the Student Union called “Fraternity of the Week” featuring a different fraternity every week. This program will replace “Student Union Open House.” The program will be on the air from 7:00 to 7:15 p. m. and its purpose is not only to stimulate interest in "student activities, but also to increase the prestige of the various fraternities participating. Tonight features the Delta Tau Delta social fraternity. The program will open with the singing of fiaternity songs. During the program the president, Paul Miller, will be interviewed and a short history of the organization will be given. Also a preview of the coming events at the Union will be featured, and the program will be closed with some more songs. Other fraternities that have been asked to participate have been chosen according to the anuunit of interest each group showed upon leceipt of a letter regarding the
])rogTam,
mester. The date of elections wTii received by telephone and have be announced later. ^ot yet been received in the The following girls wore nom- form of written orders. Thereinated for office: President, Jean fore, they represent a plan unThompson and Lois Veit; Secre- consideration, and should
tary, Mary Jane Doll and Nelda Byrum Reed; Treasurer, Carol Roblee and Mary Lou Sternberg; Junior Representative, Barbara Curry and Martha McCulloch; Sophomore Representative (two selected): Frances Allen, Katie Bird, Patsy Bishop, and Dotty Doddridge. The officers elected will serve for
the summer term only.
not be regarded as final until
the actual orders arrive.
Geiger of the Mechanical Engineering depax’tment; Prof. R. Phillips of the history, economics and government department; Px-of. E. L. Butz of agricultural economics department; Prof. F. D. Mai’tin of the chemistx'y depaxdment, and Doc Miller of the Health Sex-vice will judge entries. The show will be
engaged as permanent direc-
tor.
It is Sevitsky’s policy and has been since he formed his own gx*oup of musicians called the Philadelphia Chamber String Simfoniett in 1925, to include in each progx-am he conducts, a selection composed by an American. Last year while hei-e he played an “Essay for Orchesra” by Bax-ber. The orchestra is composed of 85 pieces and is among the fox-emost of the 16 major symphony orchestras in the countx-y. Its members in
Local Club Invites Navy Mothers To Meeting All former navy men, all mem-
Fire Alarm Mars Coeds' Beauty Sleep
Too eax'ly this morning—6:30 to be exact—there was life stix-ring in Wood Hall, one of the women’s dorms, in the fox-m of a very sleepyeyed waiter whose thoughts, if any
or less but, due to the demands of war this figure is now somewhat
bers of Bundles for America, and wex-e a thousand miles away.
all navy mothers are invited to attend the X'egular meeting of the Lafayette Navy Club to be held in the West Faculty Lounge qf the Union at 7:46 this evening. A special program has been ar-
As is the custom, he travels during the eax'ly morning darkness from one hall to another buzzing bi-eald'ast bells. Stumbling into Wood Hall with eyes nearer closed than opened he gave the “fire
ranged. Dr. J. A. Estey will speak alarm” buzzer thx-ee long deliberate on “Financing the War.” Movies of punches. the north woods will be shown by Before the last shrill, terrifying Dean Goldsmith, and violin and blast had ceased, the sound of expianb Selections will be offered by cited voices and doors opening and Dr. Karl Schlesinger and Dr. C. banging closed'could be hoard roLanczos, respectively. ^ sounding throughout the dorm
held Sunday, March 21, in front of previous years averaged 35 years
Fowler Hall at 3 p. m.
Entry blanks which may be obtained from the Debris workshop must be turned in by Friday. So faxtwo dogs have been entex-ed, ^-fg^n Cheesehundt from the Triangle house and Ferdinand from the Phi
Delta Thetas.
Entry Must Have Four Legs Any University fi-aternity, co-opex-ative, or organized group may enter one dog px-oviding the entry has four legs, at least six teeth, which includes two incisox-s and four grinders, a tail or remnants, and the correct attitude towax-d life
and property.
Each dog must have one person as its official attendant and as many other assistants as are deemed necessary. Dogs will be judged according to the following divisions: best all-around dog, (judged on personality), most unusual dog, biggest, most attx-active, best groomed. (See DOG SHOW, page 4)
Night Serenity . . . AAoonlight Changes Campus
Admission to the convocation will be by students passport, season ticket, ox- single admission of $1.10. Service men in uniform will be ad-
mitted free.
State Florists Visit Campus For Sixteenth Annual Convention Over 100 florists from all parts of the state were on the campus yesterday to attend the 16th annual convention of Indiana florists. The convention was cut this year from the usual two days to one day. Members of the convention discussed technical px-oblems and conducted round-table discussions at their meetings. Discuss Labor, Insects John Lemon of Richmond and Francis Baur of Indianapolis led discussions op labor px-oblems. The control of insects and diseases was another xound-table topic.
To help cheer the old gents up, a glass of wine always was in order. The only catch was that the wine was potent. To each gallon of elder-berx-y wine made from elderberries picked in a cemetery, -^s added one teaspoon of arsenic, one teaspoon of strychnine, and a pinch of cyanide. It didn’t take long after fdr
the reaction.
These humane old ereatxires hdd done away with twelve -victims, the twelfth was still practically warm when the play got under way. They had a dear old brother who thought he was “Teddy Roosevelt.” The only fortunate thing about that was the old boy was digging the Panama Canal in the cellar. Every time the prospective roomer would go on an elderberry wine binge, “Ted dy” retired to the cellar to dig a new lock in the canal, precisely 6x6x4 and there would be the new home of another roomer. Now Mox-timer Brewster, portx’ayed by John Clarke, was a nephew of the two old maids. Mort quite by accident discovered the twelfth victim, a Mr. Hoskins, in a window box. This set nephew Mortimer in quite a flurry. He thought “Teddy” was the guilty party and was all set to have him shipped to a sanitarium but the old ladies calmly and with perfect patience explained the situation to Mort; this didn’t ease Mort’s peace of mind in the least. In fact, Moi-t who had gotten himself engaged to Elaine Harper only a few minutes befox-e, played by Bai'bara Nord, gave Elaine the bum’s x-ush. On Murder Tour About this time the villain made his entrance in the form of Johnathan Brewstex-, played by Jack Scarff. Jonathan was accompanied by Dx-. Einstein. These two had been on nxore or less of a murdering tour of the world and had come for a
By Anna Mae Craig
The Chenx labs are all lighted uj). “Hello Walk” is quiet and deserted. Cary Hall is alive with men and activities. A couple walk hand in hand acio.ss campus. Fiom the Union strains of music float out into the darkness. This is the University—the University at night. All day long the campus hums with activities which continue far into the night. In the Chem labs, ambitious scientists peer into test tubes and then sit tense, awaiting
day. On Friday night they will play in one of the ballrooms for the mixer. In the Sweet Shop, the juke box shakes the booths with the strains of“Bx-azil,” cokes are sipped and
In the back booth, hands
meet acioss the table, promises are made and broken. In other x-ooms in the Union the marriage class is m session, the war council meets to discuss important issues, and down
came. They tore the leaves from the trees leaving them bare and cold. Then the rains came, plastering thg leaves to the wet sidewalk and washing clean the ivy that clung
to the sides of the building-s. Soon spring will come and the
caminis will come to life again. Moonlight on the campus in the spring-time will turn the youngman’s fancy to love and fx-aternity pins will sparkle from the sweaters
After luncheon, Jacob Eitel of hideout. When young, Johnathan (Jreeiicastle presided over the con- had been the type of a lad who liked
to dissect wox-ms with his teeth.
Cary Hall, the sailors bend over their books, or write letters home, or talk with their buddies. If it were not for the war, they would be in a million different jilaces; yet hex-e they are, all kinds of men, working
together for a common cause. Dance Baxxds Beat It Out
High in the Tower Room of the
eluding afternoon session. Othbr speakers were Robert H. Roland, executive secretary of the Society of American Florists, who spoke on “Government Regulations,” and Ed Ludwig of Pennsylvania, speaking on “Flower Store Management.”
Sigma Delta Chi
Due to limited time remaining this semester for regular activities, there will be an extremely important meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in the Exponent office.
Report early as possible.
—RAFERT
stairs in the Exponent office, news-
minded students hurriedly tap out of the happy coeds. The nights will
,, , i T stories on the typewriter in an ef- be longer and lovelier and Old Purple les^u ts o t xcu expexunen s. n copy to the printers due will never want to call it a day.
before the dead line. Lights Flicker And Die Campus Christmas Cai-d Still after a while, the campus be-
Now, in the wintex--time when the comes drowsy. The lights in the lab TAA Triad
snow covers everything, the campus burn endlessly and in the rooms of „
looks lik^ a Christmas card. The real students the lights flicker and . . trees are dressed in shiny icy finally die. A boy goes whistling 11:30
dresses, and the ground sports a toward Cary Hall. A policeman Ballroom of the Union. Triangle, diamond coverlette. For a dhort makes his last round and the clock Alpha Gamma Rho, and Acacia will while last fall the campus was of Heavilon Hall strikes twelve, sponsor the dance, which will be
Union, a dance band beats out the proud of her flaming autumn dress. Finally all is quiet, still and serene, formal. Maury Mahix and band will i'liythm of the favorite song of the but befoi-e long the winti-y winds and the campus rests for the night, furnish music for the dance.
. will be held from 8:30 to Friday night in the South
Truly a villainous looking villain. Mox-timer tries to run Johnathan out of the house; Johnny scarqs Mort into letting them stay. MOrt still is in the dog house as far as his love affair with Elaine is coneexmeff. During- this act Johnny tries to get a freshly murdered victim into the house to bury, and finds out the cellar. It rather irks him to find about all the other men crowding that he’s only killed twelve men and that his two peaceful old loving aunts have done as well. Johnathan is counting his victims on his fin-gex-s trying to make thirteen victims out of his ixxemory, no luck* only can conjure up twelve. This is too bad as he decides to have another. “Well, hex-e I am,” says Mort as he swings ih the door from the outside, merely announcing his presence. Grand Finale In the third act, affairs grew (See PLAYSHOP, page 4)I?
page 2
Purdue \Exponent Offices Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Onion, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377 Honorary Fditor Willnm G Hoskins >\ith the Colors
Fdifor Business Mnn&^cr Ntrws IBditor Manag-rnff Editor Senior Ad>erlisinff Mam^cr Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Executive
Pile E But? Gerhard H Ktouman Kobert W Boswinkle Snib Beall James G Petty Joseph S Dan son lean I>autr A Jane Kcim
PubEicstion Staff
Editorial Staff
J \crh T r Rich idsoi T V rniilicn L Smith C
Associate Editors W H 1 son AV dell F Murphy
Coed Staff Pnylii Mann Marth
Elaine Ahrei s
Sports Staff C Sm ards T Ackerman
L Tilton C Martin
I c Rigps Caioljn Wilbur
D Shr>er R Smith
Business Staff Assistant \d\erti9inir MnnoR:er T I ilpi ^ ^ „ Adiertisingr Managrers J klcxoii C Gaunt J McCulIoueh J Tabb CiTcnlation Manaffcr K H KroepUn Accounts Manag-cr Mary Eiltt.
Editor in Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Sqnier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Ahrens Issue Editor Wilbur Day Editor Riggs Sports Editor Craig Reporters Fori Bt r C nii, Bsjnts Win low Domii ik Gar-ctt Gregory
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 ».8T9 and at the spccnl nto of i ostaac provided for in section 1103 act of October 1 191 anthorircd Tanuary 20 1922 Published on Tiie day Thui dav Fn lay and Sunday mornings dnring the veai DUner d locally ly carrier for 5>1 70 for a aemester or $3 00 for two sen! sters b, mail for »2 00 for a semester or $3 lO for two sen esters Repres»nted for natiinai aivcrtising by National Advertia ing Service Inc. College Pul lisi ers Representatives 420 Madison \ye Ne v \ork "N 1
J. i\ t) hn 1 b\ God as] cd Iltilci 1 (! \
Oh Ih il 1
Purdue Exponent t Jix -b ij Jm. a -n
Thursday^ March 11, 1943
Purdue Etiquette. . Hit a new low at the women’s convocation held a week ago todaj- m Fowlei hall when the coeds not only failed to stand as President Elliott enteied the lOom and walked upon the stage, but also walked out, noisily and in quite laige numbeis, duiing the final twenty minutes of his addiess Both of these ludencsses to the Piesident of our Univeisity could \ eiy easilj- have been avoided by a hit of thinking, and should very definitelj be avoided at all futuie occasions Fust of all, it’s the customary pioceduie foi the Universitj. students to stand as the piesident approaches the iostium It’s been done foi yeeis A small couitesy, one that should be lemembeied, and one that the coeds seemed to feel that the-^ could toiget The gieatei offense was the mannei of departuie that many of the gals felt privileged to adopt Well over a hunched got fidgity, oi bored, oi hungi’^ and from 5 00 until 5 20 left in\dio\es In the small auditorium with wooden seals then lea\ e taking was v ery evi dent so much so as to be considered an insult to oui bu'^v president, who was giving up over an hour ot his campus visit to clear up confusions in the minds of the coeds If these gills had thought a bit they would have realized that the questions from the audience were almost at an end Dinner time w^as neai foi all including Di Elliott, and it was safe to assume that the piogiam would not extend beyond 5 20 A bit of leasomng would have told the gals that the meeting would be concluded m time loi them to reach then dinneis Many girls do a great deal of finger pointing and eyebrow lifting at the mannei s and attire of the masculine portion of Purdue’s students It’s about time that they roused from their smugness long enough to turn accusing fingers at themselves and brush up a bit on their convocation manners —m j 1 Service Stripes Leo G. LaBaw of Woat Ldfajette has enlisted in the United States Marines and he Mill iceeive his tiaming at the base in San Diego Calif He attended the Univeisitj in 1941 and 1942 Ensign L. W. Kohlmeyer leceived his Navy wings and commission as an Ensign in the Naval Reserve. Ensign Kohlmeyer is stationed at Jacksonville, Fla. He attended the University prior to his enlistment. In pal is of France the Germans have imposed a fine of ten francs for the use of the French language An Alsatian gal one dav enteiccl a shop and said “Good moiniiig tveijbodv in Fiench A Gc tapo min le innided nei that the use ol fieneh Mas piohibiled and asl ed hfi to land ovci 10 liancs The gal gav him 20 fiancs without so n uch as looking it him and ^aid ^ o\\ I c in saj Goodbve cvtivbodv in Firnth
a*- V ell
lit ki ard Goei n,, Ment to C Uai-y and stood look ing s<,(lh ac J s Ih Channel tow aid Lngland Sud denli Cjotiiiig said Adolph I l ivi in idea When I Ma it serool J lenunibii I leii /ed i stoi\ about a 111 ii M lio dll I'led the sea HI 01 ici to c n ible las iinij toeiov on d v laid 1 he i he ac ded doubtfulh But I thill' Ih MU'- i JcM Hit ti \ei\ cs )t( 1 a J la caiiif Mhethei the man Ma a lev oi i (t ei t iiiinit diateh foi a Rabbi W'hei h( lame tiu I uelun ‘kid him Is it true that a Jt Ol ec divu I U ta Ic \ing dn land foi las
ainiy to CIO ■-
“( JlllIlU Ma tl 11 U J \ IS M )SL
\v iiLi e IS he no\
I an ail id he has 1 u d id i li n) time
‘ V (11 but how did he < it B\ Sinking the ‘ea wivha tic And mIrk is the ticl iiom
(xeiti dh
II e stiel V as tin qu 11 u )jis the Jjiiii li Mu (um
qtie mSHMTOK Tm Re9 U S Pdt Of< Merry-go-round •y DREW PEARSON MarySand Farmer Throws Monkeywrench Af- Bond Deal; Erie Railroad Makes Hisl’ory WASIIIIhGlON—Rulioad lastoiy is being made this week lu). civ is the lesult of i battle by a Maiy land fdjniei mIio exposed i dt il lietMieen J P Moig m ind the many times fin uicod Eiic Raihoad to leli nance it again without benefit of competitive bidding —^and Mithout benefit to the stockholdcis Back in Civil War dajs the Erie was the object of a histouc financial battle, when Ta> Gould and Daniel Drew stole its books fled to New leisey, and proceed ed to issue paper stock beyond the i each of the stock holders J P Morgan the elder, and Commodore Vandeibilt fought them in this deal In Woild Wai II the long bankrupt Erie, put through several leeeivei ships, has been carrying rec ord quantities of war goods and making money hand over fist So Moigan, Stanley and Co (offshoot of J P Morgan) secietly negotiated the refinancing of $14,000,000 of Erie bonds held by thd RFC This time the battle was between Moigan and mid west bankeis who weie not allowed to bid But Moi gan’s chief opponent actually turned out to be Eugene Casey, who owns two faims neai Washington which he calls “New Deal Faim No 1” and “New Deal Faim No 2,” and who also happens to own some stock m the Eric Railioad Because of Casey s loyalty to FDR he is on the y/hite House staff as faim aclvisei, but he fought the Eiie deal as a piivate individual and incidentally deliveied bcfoie the Inteistate Commeice Commi' Sion one of the most scathing speeches since Roose volt’s ‘ banking speech ’ Maich 4 1933 ‘I hope” he told the ICS “that you Mill not silently sit and permit the lepndiateil money changeis of Ameiicn subtly and in slinking fashion to ea=e back into the temples of Amciican unoithodox finance ‘Only the bankeis and biokeis and diiectois e in evei destioy capitalism in this countiy” Casey con tinned by methods such as this, in undei mining the mheicnt faith of the Ameiican people in then finan cial and coipoiate institutions Casev claimed that instead of piofiting bj the deal the Erie Railroad actuallj would lose about $16 000 while the U S Treasury would lose about a million dollais m taxes He also contended that the deal had been put acioss bj Fiank J Wright a direetoi ol Erie Vtho was diawing monev not) onlj from Erie but also fiom the RFC at $10 a daj as a railroad advisei \s a result of Casej s expose it looks as it the Inteistate Commerce Commission would reverse it self and take the bond deal away from Morgan It also looks as if the ICt would make raihoad history by requiiing competitive bidding on all lailro id finane ing from now on ® Presitsss Browsi's Pants OPA BooS Picntiss Blown isn t letting the puhl e hull ibaloo ovci OPA que tionniucs gel him down No one c 11 tell me anything about que tionniiic^ says the foimci Michig in Sen itoi I had mv fist cxnciience v ilh i qiicstionn i ic at the tcndci age
of 1
On his IJth biithdiy Blown ikiided he mis ip pioichuip mans estate ind piisuidid his mothei lo buy him i pin ol long pant VIis Blown wiote to i in il 01 del 1 ou‘i A lotLci c mil bid uqiuslii nioit inliiin tion Is yoiu hoy (1) till /2) n ciiium oi (a) shoit ’ ‘My mot'i 1 lephcd tl u T na nndiiun s ly s Ihe OPA ehiet Inn despite this bio id specification 1 „ot the slickest fit you cvci s iw ® Why The |aps Know Hcic IS an cxccipt tiom the Inteiioi Dcpaitmcnts annual 1911 icpoil v Inch indieUes yvliy the dips know so mi eh about the Alculi in Islands The floating plant Kosei Main with uxiliaiv Cl aft consisting of 9 ti ivylci jy is engaged fiom May to Augu t 19 10 in 1 al ing halibut and cod m Bciing Sea about 100 miles noithea t ol the Piibilof Islands y\ ith one idditional ti iwlei diuing the last week o ty o ol the cason Ihc vessel was lepoited to haye left foi Jaran toyvaul the end ol August ‘ Thio IS the ekvc ath consecutive yeai th it Japa nese floating plants have opeiated in these yvateis ihe numbci of yesscls hayin^, vi icd fiom oi t to foui, with the usual complement ol tendcis Note Undci inteinitioial 1 iw it is impossible to pi event loieign fishcimen fiom fishing in lOicigii V atcis 9 Who Goes—Friend Or Enemy Viai Dep utmci t officials in then off moments ue mil ing i collection of the‘igiis and counLei igns u,od by men in the Aimy to ii die ale to scnliies ahe ip inoaeli ol a fiicndly p itiol In the old 1940 days ol the low nio\mg deleiise pio„iam when sloyc pipes yveie used loi guns th y Old stoye yvas commonly shouted by the senliy ind the void ‘ pipe w is the piopei countei ign Vnolhei cl ilkngc “seven and ekven mis ihui dened dunng m mein ns bee luse the inswei m is loo oby lous Ollicei f indid ate cl i‘ses oiten use the i' ate ot giaduation n a ‘i„n and counteisign such lo Much ind eleven bcciuse the date when he yvill £ot his bus is indelibly stamped on the mind of each man Such Molds as boogie and woogie he]) and cat aie u^e 1 often Ice lUse they aie cakulate 1 to eoniuse e\en in 1 nghsh spe iking enemy Will key and sou i used to be populai but it M is lound loo olien th it when i sentiy yelled \Miis ley the othci min inswcied ^^hele’ « The Passsng Parade \\ ai fiansioit Czai Joe Lastman says he ^ets i bu ligl ol kUeis and posteaids eveiy weel sugf esLin„ that he bai Mis Roojcyelt iioni ti lyelling Ol 1 Mcshington olistiveis who have seen picyious piesi dents suftei tiom gctlin„ out of touch y ilh tlie n i tion wish FDR had two Mis Roosevelts to 1 eep hi u 1)0 led i) out U S cntiinent Any piesident y\h 10 e coitul y ith the jieopk is hnished iiul cveiy jnesikiit espccully in w ulime has Lo be engiossed Ol nvii ('s ol mime 11 iti elosi up ijirlknis (oni etieitfoi le wimii (lui lueehis uiitlui i itehwoid u] lei si cm This time it will not 'n f k h iloiiL but lob d gnmcitt Giunt guy P( mi P lueh iceining yisitois on i pail bencli got a ( ill lioin Assistai t Rubbei Czai Dewey uiginf tint Bai uch head uj) committees to study Jood tiojis ii itepie mileiials a he did loi lubbei ((ojiyiight 1941 l\ United Fe itui i Sy n lie ite ine )
Just Lookiiig Around
By .Lick Abbelt and Jim Richaidson
The coning of spimg m the Ukinine ha‘ shown that the Gciman h fiiting michinc Aill has a lot ol tight kit m it In the last tcvv day s the Nazis hav c pushed the Russians back a numbci oi inik but ihe R'ls^ians claim that the gnm hav „ been onH local afTun Wnatcvci the type oi action in the Ukiainc, t ‘ecm-i to point to the itcuuencc ot a huge laud stalemate in lla sia somewhat on the oKk. ol iho lu two Personnel Notes jeaib ot hghtiug in Tiance , , , ,4 4 .u ,, , , „ Comp lines fachedukd te visit the
dunng the last wai Geiman
hghting oGength should in- GhuiH I IceUie Compmy Selie crease as summer appioaches, nectuly Now itoik—Maicn 17 -and but the Russi i cidvanccs ot Rst lb Ii tcicsted m Apiil lul August yvmtoi Mill on ihk the Rn,sians to TIT IE
The Ratio 3.55... to
We hue something foi you tint yvill piactic-ally fiost you Whnt it IS yve don t kiioyv ind nobody else knoyvs So it is liable to come to y on without M lining HOLD TICHT' HOLD TIGHT'
Phi Gam pm the othci day when Bill Dunn hung his on Ruth Cummings 1 he Kappa Kiddies, long legaukd 1 the “Phi C ’ nls (with hxeoptions heic and thcie) aie in somethinj ot 1 y hiil ibout this, piitifuliily one little maible (oxen L pie ) numhei—M e c in think ol Look lo ypii 1 uucls cookies (‘'te R \ 110 page 4)
open up then gicit laetoiy and hydioeleeti t eenteis u un
X \ \
Montgomeiv ind his Fighth Aimy lb continuing to push the Gei mans out cf the Maieth hi c But the same can t be s ud loi the But ish and Anieiican foiees that aie opposed by yon j^iniin Of eouibc the Gciinano mi,,ht be withdi ayving to the nai loyv neck ot 1 ind Lctyvecn Lake Chott Dgfiid and the Meditei aanean Si a ind they aic effcchng a blovy 1C tic it in oidei to picpaie then dcleiibcs It this n yvhit is happemui it mmht take many v il liable mont'ib to dine the enticn h ed Geim i is out
X \ X
Russia seen s to be yeiy dib
I an haul b. Moist X. Comp my, Bel lit Wi —Miith 12 Intel cbted
in ME
Hoolitr Flectiothcmital Co Ni agni a T ilL N \ —Intel t ted in Apiil Ol Aupuot ChE Science (Ghcni majoi) Sign in Peisonnel Office by Satuiday Maich 11 Sun Oil Go Toledo Ohio—Intel
A pul Ol August ChE
Chemists Sign m Pcisonncl Office
by S itui day M, 1 ch 1J
Allen B Wiisley Company, Cm cago 111 — Inlciesled m analytic il chemists (m ile and fi,mal ) The Cooper Bes'cmer Corpora tion Mt Veinon Ohio—Intticsted in ME Sign in Ptisound Office by
Satind IV Maich 11
Kdv O Vac Company Madison
Reeentlv an adinii ible pittt of jioetiv was sent to 0111 otlices (yye don t I noyy yyheic they aie eithti) yyhich may it be knoyyn was dedi caled to the distinct mei it of this column (With emphasis on the btnik) W ith the feeling th it you the deseivmg leadei, should befoie anyone else have the plcisiuc and piivilcpc of alighting youi listless lamps upon the wi't, yve heicyvithal submit if Fianl ly it is not yyoith the above buildup 0 little column Coin divine With lemaiklettes eiude On eveiy line. Thou takest nothing Uniefined Naught but lumoi ol the Finest kind which reimentates with Stagnant quips 1 lom P ippv Tune s Immoitil lips T hen at the end One ilyy lys tlniil s-^— “I m b) o id minded But this this stuft slinks'
pleased with the accent speech ol Wiscon in—Iiiteiestcd i a ChE ME
LE Sign 111 Pc sonnel Office by S
in d ay M ii th 20
Pcisoinel dcpaitiit it oi Hie me ehanicel cngmeoiing senoool undei
the Ainciu in Anibass doi to Rus sia M illi m II ‘''tiiulloy The dis pleasuic comes it a yeiv ticl libh time in the lelitions 1 elwcen the United SI lies and the USSR Inu
theie IS I btliel that aclitions the dnocloiship of Piolessoi Bol?
might inpiove afle the blunt ^m bassadoi s ateniPiit A innlu act occinicd at a dinnci Itn v\ on dell Mill'It when Stalin com plaincfl i )ouL the lick ol oods
M 11 place all Methinicil A.eio nautiLil epineeiii.., slu ients yvho apply loi pail time lobs yyhilc on the campus Ihisc dc^niug po^i tions IS liboiiloi nutii tois 01
comn^ li )m Biitmii The lexsoi assistants 01 dial ting yy on should foi the ill led tm lies 11 the liet fib out an ipplicatian in Piol Bok that ntil'0 the Ru mans mi the office i lo e aie many put time Bi itish Ol An entails lie lUtmpt job-, 0 1 tii''c an pus at p 0 ent inr to cc tl eu allies point cl y icw Dtimtmcnt he is that yvoul 1 When the thico .,ieat powiis et Id e stu lent help houl 1 notify Pi of then ' ifieult es thiou h a sin k Boiz ind lot him 1 now what jobs
It h IS be^n the custom oi the pie ceding issues to 1 tgin Lhe 11127’ yvith ntyvs tiom the Office of War Information regarding the activities reflecting from the Theta Dwellings. (Hoiitst lolks it nn t oui fault pits uu 1iom the Lditoi s Office i teinhc) So not yyishtin to h in^ oil nod s in i sling we hegi 1 Only last evening Kite-girl Molly Flager emerged triumphant with a Sig Ep pin ( oil the dcffiiciinL Chuck Showalter. Congrats, m' frans.
p 11 Ol LVts thcie \ ill 1 e a bcttei chance t( i u ituil pea c Until th it time th c IS yc) little 111 di hood that itist id iv i)c tc yyill evci I)c igittd 11 on
\ \ V
C )i 1 1 tntinuL 1) sMilth back I'ld I 31 th in the South 'tiican domiiini 1 1 even thi in ij letic pel solid t ol I id AI ishal Smutz IS un bk to s\ nm ihc ptojk om vy ay ( i in n t in 1 \ 01 ot tl e wai with ticniidiiv ihe t luse loi this II dcti on I the stion Cell iii I lilh C ol 11 1 mon Hit f 1 m 11 Du th iiiioiilK Smut lii^ mule epcitmldl it lo k tiov H11-, lilth cell in 1) I ( VC \ t 1 t li i 1 uled 1 Smu / is 1 'e t) ag iin 1 1 in 11 1 I H I ill i tie
LUMA. TODAY - FRS. - SAT. TWO FiLTr RUN HITS
lie oicii 111 1 He itiiuiiomcnt loi Lhem tn 111! (tScuHi Ml It 1 I tl ot ps out ci Mile a lu Mill bt able to is ume t at H " t t m n ekment 1 m been c cl L 1 e 1 1 1 Cl ittcm ts t) 1 1 iI c ‘'’oil 1 Ml It a nci u al
NAK TODAY and TOMORROW
Through a Maze of Mysfery... Through a Web of Terror... Sherlock Holmes tracks Professor Moriartyl
THPil
ro p rn ipAf
■Ith DUB TAYLOR • ADELE MARA BC 3 V/'L.S HU (A-’ PLIYLOYS PLUS SECOND MST DEATH STRIKES in the BLACKOUT'
. shcrioct Holmes
4<4t2
' mm
llOMlt AllNllt a Mo 0 / OtMMlS HOn
STARTS TODAY -DOUBLfc rfcAYUa?
1 li J I! Ski I - 1 rinrg M is H>o Jr a ) 7 1 J ji v III rue Woi!;”
STARiJ(\G lOO-kY "veiy i nui tidy Futi y S duiH
A COLUMBIA CHAPIEB PLAY,
ARC
WALTER PIDGEON • OEmETT ..GEORGE SANDERS Uncle S'lm s Seciof Agent.- Cnrk Down Ajainst Our SECRET ENEMIES with Craig Stevens — Faye Emerson
TODAY lamstu
Ip I't
» %?! I'f
! 4
^ f,/
«i
Whursduy, Mutch 11, 1943
Bailermaker Sports
Paglt^$
REMEMBER!! Save March 27 For PURDUE RELAYS
Many Special Events Planned For Purdue Relays
Riveter Swimming Squad Holds 6ood Chance In Placing In Hational Meet Swimming will again lesume impoitance when the National intercollegiate Swimming Meet will be held March 26 and 27 Ohio State now holds the National dhampionship, but with the loss of two of their valuable men will be somewhat of a weakened team Strong on the Rivetei team is Roy Heidke, who placed second in the Big Ten Championship ■
for the breast stroke, and has an exceedingly good chance for the national meet Heidke now holds the woild’s lecdid for 50 yards and 50 meters which he bet last Novembei In placing second in the Big Ten Meet he has done something no othei swimmei his done in 1 ilso othei achievements makes him the out standing swimmei the Rivetei s h ive evei had If he places well up in the National Intelcollegi ite Meet he will go to New Yoik foi the Na tional AAU the following wctl Heidke Should Place With Skinnei of Michigan ind Counselman of Ohio Slate out of both meets Heidke should h ivc a good chance of placing high Captain Joe Williamson who h is been swimming fiee style will go back to his favoiito biei^t stioke and should also have i good ch ince m paiticipating in the National Meet Joe has held vusity lecoid for thiee yeais ind he ind Ileulke make one of the best bieist stiol ers in the couhtii Bill Sneid in splints uid Bill Dunn in back stiol e ind Jobhn^ Jungst in diving will complete he lostei foi the confeienee 'l/ith hi combination the medle^ which placed fouith in the Big Ten Meet will also t ike put In piepaiition foi the N ition il Championship foi eaisitj the iiesh men vlill antieipite to meet Cuh
CAUSE YOUR WAISTLINE LEADS A DOUBLE LIFE We certainly can claim Inat your v/aisllino leads a double line since it expands from I ’ 2 to 3 inches every time you sit down And as usual when people —or waistlines—lend a double life ihc poison most concerned doesn 1 even know inylhing about it So unwittingly you chorse your foundation without making sure that it will comfortably expand when necessary and most giidics don I Tints why wo recommend Nemo Adjustable Waist with Tilon fast ener Style 531 in sizes 27 31
Thieme & Wangerin 022-626 Mam Slut I
The Sports Wave
By Josephine Dawson
Twenty Five To Thirty Schools Submit Entries For Track Tilt
Boilermaker Team Will Attend Relays Coach Hermon Phillips' team will paitieipate m the Illinois Technical Relays this coming Saturday The Boilermakers will jouiney to the Windy Citj foi the annual leliy held it the Univeisity of Chicigo An estimite ol thuty midwestein schools will paitieipate in the meet The team will shove off Satuiday moinmg ind letuin Sundaj Times wdl be deteimmcd on the I clays ind also on special events to sec whit eich min docs Ihe ti lel loam usually iin 111 the Butlci rieldhouso it this time 1 ist veai but since it is being taken ovei b\ the uav> the Rieetei'- will tike pait in the II nois Tech Rel ly loi the fiist tin 0 Militiie Ac ideniy on Much 20th Ihe Jiishmcn whose leliy term plieed thud in 1 fifth in the Big len rieshmui Reliys will gue a good lecoint ot Ihiinsthes igainst ilie VI s ty le ini The iici st\l IS 1 1 the iieshmen lie LaBaw, Womble, Leach, Hansel, Knotts, Lyon, Kann and Brownlow Hansen, Womble, and Cummings are freshman back strokers and Rayle and McMullen are the breast strokers. Diving i veil til tn ei e ot bv tiu Anthony twins Ray and Joe.
When Coach Hermon Phillips conjuied up his brain child the Purdue Relays one of his seemingly small pioblems was to impiovise a tuck foi the events that could be seen fiom eveiy vintage point in the Boilei makei I leklhouse As it is the one eighth mile tiack that eiicumvcnts the rieldhouse is urdei the oveihanging balcony this little inconvenience making it lathei impossible to sciutenize just what is going on below Such an an ingemcnt would undoubtedly be fi^wred upon by the spec t itois Well Coach Phillips blew the dust olf his slide lule got v good nights sleep then h^uicd out the following solution Piom the top of the lows of seats in eich balcony in the Fieldhouse Phil took a sight on the Rieldhouse flooi laying out the LCiiitoiy tint wis easily seen liom even the laithest distance Fiom this d it i it w is ei y to set i width toi hie ti icl Now when the width ol the iici wis Lnown this figui e wis used is the diimetei of 1 ciicle hill ot which w IS to be used as e ich end of the oval Now the iici inside the ends of the oval is known (Is inybody still iollowmg’) Fiom some plice oi mothci Phil leul i ow much aiea i one tenth mile eiicle oi omI en dosed It w is i tentn mile ovil that the eoich was looking foi So with the 11 e i 111 the ends ol the oval known and the width of the tiack 1 nown ill Phil had to do vvis figuic out how long a lectmgle to inseit between the ends of the aie i Simple isn t it
Wrestling Tournament To Be Held Here April 9 By Jean 'll arger Nation il Wiestling Champion ship tournament of the Amateui \thletic Union will be held Apiil S) Ol 10 at Bi ooklyn N Y xnd at West Side YMCA The tournament will be sponsoied by the Swedish Amei lean Athletic Club The weight classes to be included in the touinaineiit ue as follows 115 121 128 135 145 155 165 175
Football Practice Now In Full Swing Spiing iootball piactice is in full swing Because of the typical In diana weathei the boys have not been ible to piactice outside vet
Intramural Schedules
The Phi Delti Ihcti Iiiteinily conqiiciel the Jheti \i s loi the championship title in die lutci iia lenity volleybill tou niment list 111 hi L eh of t lese t o te i ns won Ihiee ^allies m the pi ly offs list evening bolo e mcclii iii the lin il lounl the Thet i \i s c eteatin^ Sigma Nu Alplia C i im i 1 ho ind i^hi Kippi and the Phi Dells w n 1 ng 01 ei ihcti 1 lu Pi Kippi Alphi md Bell The i li the men eoi still tin the Phi Dells Icim 1 e e Bill Lod,^c Cul IIipp loin Ivieffci R B iwe^, ii V Newell nil L uici I tei 1 itcinty Bi Iniinton Doul les will st it JiKsdiy Maieh 1() it 7 00 uul contiiue eieh lues d ly ind Iluii d ly until completed B i Iminton b its w ill I c sii] plied by the II li mu il Dep ii tmeiit but jiliycis will bo obli ed to chip in on the CO t ot 1 iltcleoel s used in e leh n te'i lou wdl fi id a copy ot tl 0 Badminton Rules on the Inti mill il Bulletin Boaicl Iwenty
five paiticip ition points loi entei mg a team five points to vvinncis thiee points to lunnei up Iiophy ind medals to winneis medals to lunneis up Pie ise letuin entiy hliiil to the Intiamnial Office by noon Satuiday Much Is
Ciiv Hill volleiball will stut Mond ly eveiiin^ Much 15 at 7 00 Follov ing IS the ‘-eliediile Ciiy IIlU ^ vs Caiy Hill Ciiv Hill t vs Ciiy Hill Cu\ Hill ( vs Ciiy Hill 7
Evei ything for a College Education DEAC’S
SPORT-COATS WILL BL VLR\ POPULAR ims SPRING I OR MEN AND WOMLN
Si n i Delta Psi tests to he iven 1 iidiy evcnin^ Much 12 it 4 00 will he the Foothill Punt ind Shot Put Any me ntciested in tal in„ these testo should lepoit to the Fieldhouse it 4 00 McMillen Brothers To See Action Soon Jim and fJon ivicivaideii will lepie sent the Riveteis Maich 25 at the Nation il Intel collegiate boxin^ tom niment it the Univeisity ot Wisconsin m M ulison Jim Beeis coach ot the Boilei makei squad will accompany the two toys to Madison These Riveteis aie hi otheis and lie iiom South Bend Don is not only on the boxing team but plays foothill as well In the 165 pound cla^s Jim will be entei ed and Don will he entei ed in the heavyweight Pritha Kumarappa laduite student liom Indi i will bo the sliest spcakei oi the Cl ineso Students Club it 7 10 I ii d IV evening in loom i07 ot the Union Shew ill till iboutthepiob lems ol Imli i ind oi ihe Indi in people Phis will he in open meet iiig to which the public is invited
191 ind the unlimited heivyweight but just as soon as the weathei
waims up a bit and the giound diy s off the boys will be out on the field
to begin piactice in earnest Foi the last two weeks the boys
hive piactieed in the Fieldhouse
They have been piacticing fundi
mentils ind blocking while the coaches give the boys a once ovei to see how they look Coach Bum
him Claude Reeck Emmet Low
ciy Sammy Voinoff and Dutch Fehring are always out on the field to see whit piospects they have loi
1 new team
The teim foi next fall will be made up ilniost entuely oi new mateiail as only twelve ot last yeai s squid aie still in school this spiing About seventy lellovvs came out foi spimg pi ictice which sui piised ind pleased Coich Buinham No one is auite sine yet about the lutuie ol football it the Univeisity it this time but plans and piae tice goes on just as usual The tiaiiung the boys aie leceivmg keeps,them m good shipe eithei loi the teim oi the aimed seivice
class
Lntucs ioi the loin niment will close Monday Apiil 5 Geneial lulos lie th it all eontestints mu«t be amateu s and the college will ecitily the eligiblitics of then teim meinbiis Piizes to be given aie Standii 1 N ition il AAU medals A steihn^ silvei cup will be ^iven to the niimhei one team ol the nation By Uiiday Co ch Reec! of the wiesthn^ team will 1 now whethei Ol not theie is to be a N itionil Inteieollegi ite toui niment The touinamcnt his been scheduled at Bethlehem Pennsylvini i hut be eiuso of tl inspoitilion difficulties Iheie his boon much tilk oi clung 111 the plice to the Middle West
Coed Bowling Toyrnament
Schedule lot Week Ihree
S iluKi 11 \I >ieh 11—
Kippa K ippa G immi is Phi Mu Kappi \iphi Ihcti is VIpha Xi
DcUi
Coed Tells First Impressions Of Boilermakers" Fieldhouse
By Anna Mac Crai„ Some of my impiessions ot the Fieldhouse aie not publishable and some of them aie Of couise when it 11 IS my night to noil on the spoils ioi the co'ed editioi the lain would he coming d6i\n in buckets But I m 1 hi IVC soul so I pui on my white laineoat ind sent ind set out loi tli5 rioicihoLise Get it 1 i len w ly off' 1 inally I ii lived With the Wind ind the Run in Mv II ui What i mess' Ihe hist thin,^ I sin when I aiiiicd it the ofiitc in the seciiul tlooi 11 IS Clint Whit i boy Clint' W^ell 111 how he wis veiy nice in 1 heljilul to the gieen spoils e litoi W c intiodueed ouistlves and we 1 tien i stiingeis iny lon^ei 1 11 t thin„ we (11 11 lb on i tom (t th rieldhouse so lei liai e soiii mile leu to wiiLe this 11
Tr/ rather diaw a package of Sn Woltei Raleigh”
I sps < Ul I \ ! 1? sm L!) AND I Mil ori ]} S in D 1*1 AID'S \M) 1 Mt*i rni ?! FN*!
S1 i 56
*>22 SO
ROSENTHAL’S
322 Main St.
Blei de 1 111 111 elioie ke iliiel \ I i ill s Sii illei Ildugh 1 evil i i iild—biiiiis (.0(1 —null i I li,lulid iioin I llusonn SIR WALTER HALilGH PIPE TOBACCO Smokes as sioeti as it smells
UNION MADE
Team titles in both the Lmiyeisity and college divisions will be at stake in the colorful Purdue Relays to be staged here on Satuiday, March 27, with a field of between 25 and 30 schools
competing for top honois
In announcing the tentative piogiam of thirteen regular events and two specialties, including a “baseball dash” and wall scaling contest. Coach
Heimon Phillips, Relays Directors, levealed today that sepal ate scoi es will be kept in the two divisions to determine the univeisity and college team champions with suitable tiophies
to be awaided the winneis In determining the team titles
toui places will count in both the lelays and the individual events The lelay events will be scoreii on the piemium basis of 10 points foi fiist 6 points foi second, 4 points for thud, and 2 points for fourth IV h lo the individual events will be scoied on the noimal 5-3-2 1 basis Six special events will be open to both Univeisity and college en tl les while theie will be four relays in the Univeisity division and thiee in the college division The special events will include the 60 yaid dash, 60 yaid low huidles 60 yard high hurdles high jump pole vault and
shot put
In the lelavs which will provide the mam highlight of the evening both Univeisity and college divi sions will compete at one mile, two miles and in a distance medley that includes the 440 880 3/4 mile, and one mile In addition there will be a foul mile lelay in the University
division
Although theie aie plenty of chances foi upsets pieliminaiy en tiies indicate that the mam fight foi the title m the Unmsity dm Sion will be between Michigan’s Big Ten champions and a powerful Notie Dame squad that wiested the Butler Relays championship fiom the 'Wolveimes last spiing In the college division theie is apt to be a wide open fight with Western Michigan and Miami University among the eiily favoiites Recent action pei nutting compe tition ot service athletes is expect ed to consideiably enhance the bril liance ot the field that will compete foi honois m both the special events and lelays With seimce men supplementing the cuirent ciop of colle,„iate stais the Purdue Relays miy diaw the stiongest field at any eollegnte meet of the year A.nioiv the toimei collegiate stais now m service who may be amon., the all star field are Whitey Haad lecoid breaking hurdlei from Michigan Normal row an army c ulet it the University of Chicago and Keith O'Rourke former Notre Dame high jumper who has a com petitive inaik ot 6 leet 9 inches no \ 1 niv il avi Ition cadet it Ohio W cslci an Kaufman Scores In Big Ten Meet Captain Aaron Kaufman scored the Riveters' only points m the Big Ten tenemg meet which was hehl it the Lmveisitv of Chicago this [.ast week end Entered m the meet weie teams liom Illinois Mislconsin Ohio Sti*'e INoithwestern, Chi e 1^0 uul the Boileimakei Rivetei m iskmen w ho m ide the ti ip were Bob Bryant Fred Rosen Lester Goldfisher and Aaron Kaufman Goldfisher was entei ed m the sibei Ivisien He met five oppon tilts ind WIS deteited each time Rostii leiitt 1 11 ten matches five epee uul five tod losm^ all ot them to his (ipiiuiits Bob Bryant ap pe Ue 1 m the toil division and was deltued live times Captain Kauf nUl Wen (lit ot the five saber en ^ ueiut Us uul out ot his five epee
ee I tests
1 list 11 ue hoiiois weie taken hv the Illinois squad bv the store et -S w Ills uul 2 losses Othei teams I inked letoulmg to scene weie Chi t i^t \\ iseousin Ohio btate, Noithwtsitin in I the Boilennakers Ihib Week end will see the Riveters II Kiiou a-, luisL the Lulvei Ciielets
ticlo
Gettin„ Acquainted I have never lelt so much like i sole thumb in my hit First Clint took me to the Fieldhouse ind in tioduced me to Elmer Burnham but then he leit me ind thoie I stood — just me and a bundled fellows M1 CM ' Buinham asked vilat I M nted to 1 now about spiin^ piac tiee but I wasnt too sine mvseli 1 IV IS too busy doc mg loothills nd I) iseb ills ind lool m iiound to et much ol a stoii Chit came b lel ind we con tinued oui toui \A hat an exneu cnee' The tellows who weie pliviim bisketball and volleyball all looked is thou-,h thei weic h iv in iun I wouldn t mind pliyin hill so inuth 1111 et but im I eiei h ipp\ th it PE clissos ioi worn i h \e nothiim compiiiblc to i\ei-,ht 1 ttin Ihit pool lellow—I thought he wis ben iHinishod I ookmg In On PI 12 Then I s m ih" PI 12 el s —^100 stion I do t sec how iiiibidv could eonie out ot tint class in 1 not li 1 imctliin like At IS n I to think tint 2 000 tellows o thioinh this 1 jutii e eie V dll I telt sc souy In them Ilty weic on then bids 1 ckim then le^s m the in hie mil Ihei i tes weie ill sicuv 1 1 tho\ In ei tiled out Lil e I slid be to c tlu\ hue m\ SI mp itl \ Ihis pi 0 1101110 1 hue le le le 1 he piintei it it 1 unci cell loi Im He 1 IS 1C U 1 cell i 1 1 cpt siyiin tint these ul ele weie 0 K iltho igh 1 11 lie lu lu : n 11 e lien 1 ulclm Sees Ml t 1 lit 111 iste Itl it I ceiiLi loom m the I leldhoiisc well il II t eiei\ i o 11 i h \i \. 1C 1)0 le I the 1 11 u I 1 I 11 c i 1 e it u U i it u t citim life 1 lie i 1 till 1 ml 111 i 1 (Int 11 i nil iliiU u 1 IM 11 t i 1 itli 1 i i 111 lice 1 1 IS A? i\ be til tilliws tdt is 111 IS I Old—just in 1 iioiint 1 \ tuilci I SOI eh sill some tiiniu thmsis Acs till 1 id ilunist nndi H III in 1 iq i 11Purdue Exponent
Thursday, March 11, 1943
eel Cross Needs Workers to Meet Increasing Demand
Ratio
Women Students Urged To Spend One
Hour Each Week In Varied Atfivilies ,co,..,„u<,d i,„„, 2) Coeds who do not feel that the\ ha\ e money to donate to the Someone oimlita hant one on Jan iled Ciosb Dn\e which opened on the campus this week, and At'ho would like to contnbute to the oigani/ation in some way, i^l•^n^ happy le may do so b> gi\ mg then time to the Red Cioss Coeds have tumb list is Alph i Chi Mary Boiby been asked in the past to donate a little of then time eveiy md Dave Siujei who moie oi less
Notices
All Women Students T1 e St I o s Girl
Sc ut Coui cil s in net 1 of }?)rl9 It work in thoir c UT 1 Ihi t mmc J bs ava Inblc are u t 1 lor assi tar L r t I id r r d w iter foil 1 rcctoi Any oi inlcie l«l shoi 11
t It) 1 one 01 tom i to U t Plactmei t Serv 1C foi Women (2^d ) immediately
—n bor
All Advanced Military Students POMM ml 1 i b c I I o t) OI e 1 t March 11 C il 1 el Oi innnee De)uitme t will I talc o! Offieer h C ndi late beh ol at OMM Snoke r om d f Un o 1 ildii n 1 day Mirch 11 dO i t Tl s meet me. shoi 1 I b of pr n imiort ce to J11 Ah nc J Miht ly St 1 ts I Hn to it 1 I Ui if rm 1 ted i ot ) y- r
PHILLUS
Alpha I amhdi Delta PI le, of i v m nl r vill lo hell Fr d y M 1 12 at J 30 in the IJni r RIGGS
tv^ek to woik but few ha\e lesponded girls on whom they can depend
to woik evei\ week
Some of the actn ities of the feed Cl OSS in which coeds would be able to help ai e mak mg suigical diessmgs, knit ting and sewins: All these actn i tlfes take place in the dugout in the sUb basement of the Union niidei the dnection of Mis K ilph B
Wiley
Suigical diessingb aie idled all
day Thmsda-s
The Red Cioss needs
Navy School Officers Receive Promotions Lt Olav Johnson USNR Lt Stanley Jakubs USNR and Chief Flank Ivoceia USNR of the Naval li lining School at the Univeisity haie leceived pi emotions accoid in-, to wold leceived fiom the Bu
111 the Union dugout leau of N^^al Peisonnel duiing the
tied things up with a Beta pin one d 111 night when the moon was shin ing blight Aiound that s ime time ne\t dooi neighboi Bett\ Young new piex^ of the Alpha Xi house was t iking Don Schrader s Theta Chi pm Good gawd the PINS Thcie w IS something of i haul iiade in the Alpha Xi house that ill f ited wed foi along with sistei Young in theie pitching was Helen Heiin who eventu illy mivedatthe the leceiving end oi Gregg John
son s Cai V Hall pin
Ml 11 Ad £ ] I who wi ! U i IV Cori I y I 1V voluntotr e f r 1 Iclc tl 1 n| Bo 1 I No loll
ttc 1 V i 1
to I y
t Co KOI C 11 111 tl Fnl I I day M rch 1( 1 M n iuct o 1 I oom I 111 ccan GoU tv ir Lt Bud In e L tay
ROBINSON
Ch
Code and Radio Instruclu n
B e nn S CO la V (b 1 W 1 Ml i 1 A iva L d (1 W 1 M ! n 1 o\ ) Co 1 Ii tr ct o r b ne o L 1 1/ 1 S ct on V II n t t VO (■’I 1 o ] tr V 1 Mon T tl 1 1 nlKinLMoly Marcl 1 S e 1 th S 1! ly Roo n n th Aimo II t 1 1 m Maid 1 N n
Milit ry lu 1 I a vim
UrSlLRBJ lU
With Dr Louise Mikle in ehaige Girls who hate wanted to loll bandages ma^ do so at this time Knitting IS gi\en out only to ex pelt kiiitteis since the -.iiments must be completed as soon is pos sible Both aimt ind nav\ beiiies scarfs swcateis and glotes aic being made Mis Haiold Sehield is director of 1 nitting w hich may be taken out on Thuisda-s
Sewing Atailable
Monday and Ttiesaat me the days that hate been set aside lot sewing Woik is done foi ainT\ and natw hospitals tnd paiamas and hospital shuts aie made Although this woik lepiesents onh a small pait of the woil that the Red Cioss is doing heie it is piobably the onR woil in which coeds can paiticipate The, Ped Cross needs woileis who can f,ive a full houi of then time eteiy tteel in helping the Red Cioss The Red Cioss depends on toltintait woik to keep the oiganizition function ihg 0 Placement Notes
For Women
Y lepiesent itite of the \ it il Rpseaieh Laboi itoit \\ ash n,,ton D C tt ill be on the e impus 1 ht i s day Mai eh 11 to int°itiett women with maiois in chennstit jilitsics engineeiing oi ladio An^oneintei ested should call PI icement Seitice foi \lomen 295o it once to sched
ule an appointment
Syiactise Uniteisitj Sjiactise Nett Yoik announees la to 20 giad uate assistantships foi women ii teiested in obtaining tiaining as ad tiseis to gills deans of women eounselois heads of lesidence and social directois Each assistantship IS equivalent to a giant of fiom six to eight bundled dollais aw aided in teims of lOom boaid and tui tion Fuithei infoimation may be obtained by calling Placement Seiv
ice foi Women 2955
The Citil Seiviee Commission needs stenogiapheis and ttpists foi the Navy Depaitment Examin i tions aie given legtilaily at the Civil Seiwice office in the Post Office
past few days tnd Ensign Gail F Wald of Cleveland 0 has joined the staff Lt Johnson who his been jno moled fiom itinioi „iade to senioi -,iade lieutenant is acting cxecti tve officei at the statidn Lt Jakubs the school s dental officei tlso has been piomoted liom jtimoi to senioi ,-,1 ide lieutenant Chief Frank Nocera (specialist) athletics his been idvanced Jioill the lanl if chief petty officei to lieutenant junioi „ ade Ensign Waul has ic polled to the supply office fo duty Free/ To Address POMM Tonight, Ihis ctenin-, it 7 1(1 Captain W I Freel it one t me connected with the Old lantc officcis ctndidie school will siieil it the POMM smoke to 1 e hcl I ii Itoom 55 of the Ui ion C ipttin Tied tall will be pii manly infoi nation on how to ,^ct ilong undci the ii-,oious militiiy tiles )t in office s c uididate chool Although he was connected with in 01 In nee OCS tl is ji onnition will be ty))icil oi ii y othci officeis tandilitc schc ol Ml ahanccl nilitiiy sit Ic t lie especially invited to ittend in 1 unit01 ns aie not to be won 11 is smol ei w IS oiiginillt scheduled foi M nch 4 1 ut was postpn c 1 1 e ca ise of the militiiy inleiest if t iche 1 to tie contocilo it tint
time
And NOW' If finfaie could be incoipoi itcd into this column it would be done in the twinl ling ol i false eyelash The neyys is finally out that the gieat bl ist that 1 ishes f 10111 cveiy poie and ciacl of the D U house his it last been coiialcd 1 V Pi Phi Mdige Millei TWANG' And what is even moie im izing— both w eie lepoi ted sobci it the pm ning The bits! we lelci to is none othei (theic couldn t be inothci) th in I rank t itt Slicker Moore rhcic IS molt to be s ml ibout this dc il but may he w c h id liettei not— the Ih Old IS tteilcnng on the hcity ht ivy th it h ims ovti oili heads Ts ud th t fi iclt cshitc qiieei mending w lys md Piom le ictioi lie ilw lys dazzling Oi don t you -,et it We don t eithei 1 ut we h ive I ecn issuicd th it theie IS something m it
Iralcinit and b
r t I, I
tliL Del rih 1 n b
Il 1 tL I
K )bert oi s I cclii 1 I I Tl 1 Idv I R c 11 o K t b 1 II Ml (amen (II bi M ch A] tu d tl W not I to th M kb 1 1 > n r all t tl
tr
rity Presidents 3 I 1 m \ IfiL Iv M rth 1
BAUMER
11 S 1
t nK t It tl h > tt I c t RAVES
xl b t V 11 1 1 L t t ' Dc 1 1 tl U M cl W t k t n 1 1 t D 1 srocRyiAN
I ntomolok M ich 11 I
11 I M 111
( lui
0 1
11
rivA M t k to
I t r Alpha
VWS 1 1
VII Ut I 1 r
J lOi of Ak
cl lid SKINNER b on r tl Un n DILONG
licit t 1 I M r 1 1
live Board tl t k 1 la 1 th AWb olf GORNlHWAlll
Small Grains Judging Open To All Students Students fiom all schools of the Univeisity arc eligible to paitiei pate in the Annual Com and Small Giams Judging Contest to be held Satuiday afternoon fiom 1 until 4 in the Cl ops lab of the Ag Hall This will be the second contest of this type sponsoicd by Ceies geneial agiiculttu il honoiaiy to be held on campus This yeai all stu dents lie eligible foi this contest which IS held to iw il en inteiest in and to impiovc ability in eiop jtidg mg Professor F. E. Robbins will judge the contest which will use only classioom giain liom the ctops lab Appointments foi the judging must be made with Pio iessot Robbins Theta Xi, Sigma Nu To Run Pajama Race Annual pai uiia i ice between Iheta Xi uid Si-,mt Nu fi ilemities will tike ])1 ice this Situiday ifiei noon at 1 Contest mis w 11 eonipcfe foi the tiophy which i shuttled be tween the two houses The nee will Legm oi Lhc iitei toad and the itimeis will go fiom theie to the The! i house which they yvill cncle They w 11 lun back t the iivei 10 id an 1 btcl Ictwccn the tyvo houses 11101 vs vcco ding to tiachtion will stand oi thou fiontpoieh md Lhiow w iLei on lhc lunncis Contestuts wl o tie litshmen w ill be cl id m ] in iias m 1 f 1 e f i a tcimty 1 mm ten 11 on con c 11 fi f will w in the 1 ICC
I suppose this e\peiience is Lood ±oi me—but some of my yyomeu patu uts will be plenty mpiised at some of my diagnoses when I get back to civ ban piactice
Iv (. eds 1
The ^iil 111 the M iible y uilt lit vf it a im At le ist f iset i it it 1-, un Pioni 111 lit muled the niv isuy ml letuin of Johnny Wilcox's Sigma Nu pin by flu u lepiessille Caset Why Casey whit you done Just bee ui e the M ee Jte B u 1 spelle 1 H a j z y k n mswei to i cut un question S iv those tl un lie 1 Ilitc y ti Lied them’ ihey ue bettei thin fl it „iue one foi ft i t ft llei ot ei i town th it ill tho e dulfug eotd ot 1 ep 1101 last 1 ill Relix yttise -,al it s ill been exploded by the Psychology Dept. Pappa Thornton s ly s—quote Iheit is it illy noth in I thtm if 11 I 0 t) fl L n ill the flint
nil \t ) r cl to a call 4 . ULLONC
hit t UICKVRD 111 tl I 1 B 1 I I 11 I 11 11
( P b t e on I 1 1 J
Aeroni dcllers I M r 1 1 tl U 1
All In I h On ec
1
W U
1
1 1 1
It Ue 1 tl
Sc ill rrcl md Bl tdc
rduc (1 la k D n
I s I
I u C t Sm 1 U Sn tl
1 1
KIORD W
u d I OI Mem! er II hill 1
Thursday, Masch 11
00 1
M
ScH (1
Rt vit w
Hall of Music
0 I
M
W mtt
fel t ( Ol ( B nquel
L Ficultj Lgg Union
(
) i
Al
Til 1
\\ 1 Pi idi c tl 11 ( 1 oup
AssLinbly Rm Ag Hall
0 1
AI
\ t\
Club ik J V v lie tov Put !
W Faculty Lge Union
r*
0 I
\1
Ih iv is S t 1 1 t ill logy bocicly
Room lOo Ag Hall
r-
0 T
n
Tl y
i V 1 01 1 1 ct
EIiz V Fowki Hall
7
0 I
Al
I OAIvr S 1 L
Alcmo lal Union
S (0 1
AI
1 (
g 111 im s
Rood 2(10 Union
Filday, March 12
1
( 0 I
AI
(
pit 1 (111
K )o 1 u04 Union
s
00 I
A(
I Ivy
( ]) \l LI 1 1 1 01 1 I ILt
I lu t Fotvlci Hall
s
0 1
I
1 \
Il 1
N Billioom Union
Saiiirday, March
13
(
) 1
\I
( ! 1
SI ly ( 1 D n 1
l n j5 (lo Union
-
(0 r
AI
tl 1
1 1 k 1 1V it liiiti ition
\i moi y
s
( 0 I
M
i 1 y
1 \l ( 1 01 1 1 L
T li7 i 1 owlci Hall
8
0 I
A
\
D I (
St Billioom Union
S
0 1
AI
t
It 1 D
1 I iLulty Lge Union
th
t
H
N 1 B el I
CI cse St dc t M t I r k i 1 I th U Vll la 1 u I da Delta I II I I I I I I I n 11 U I h Lan 1 da Ep il n 1 W 1 J M 1 1 I
Classified Ads
Dog Show
(Coi t nut lilt
Playshop
(Continued fiom pne 1)
mote md moie eoniiilitiled Johnny bee vine moie md moie i „iessite attacl e 1 Moit tied him ti]) w is al out to toituie lun whe i the po lice came to lepijinvid Teddy vl out I lowi ^ lus 1 u le P dice i ut the sf igei on Jolmath m ittci so lon„ a t me The s init vi mm el vi ned Jeddy nd tool tie two uiits ilong lo -,ood meastiies Mott found ott he was not a Bieytstoi
m Lafayette Fuithei mfoiniation and h ippily eonelude 1 his affvi may be obtained at the Placement with Elaine The ,,iand finale came Sei vice foi Women 29o5 wlcn tho two old m i ds si pj ed i
niel ey to Mi Witheispoon held f the s'lnituium when they c vine
loi Telit
VMI
Nl d spe il ol the Kappas n ill an 1 dimmutitc but 0 what i punch Pat Tuhey his 1 oen doing Die thin well evti slice he squeezed the bellows diicetly m Phi Gam Bill Purman's unimpressive leade Lt e y ilteinotn she m ly 1 t seti sailm 1 ] p ly do it in Ensign Walt Cline's purty Buick. I culenl illy flic Ph P i s f nd it quite V niLL little yel itle tot At tl it tisntcus ts u pines \m t Pat? An 1 vs 11 e 1 Ult Di lol s i 1 to the A,Ie it 1 ig eleph mt who sit m it Well 111 be dimmed this is the end Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Lta Kappa Nu I)
Type
I 1 o L f J tl
Monev n 1
t loin ()
11 in 1 M 1 00 M 1
n 1 \ I
1 V e 1)
C i jis 1 il 1 01 s t 1 I bl t ty w 11 b aw 11 led tho tt nnci s DOf,s Miis( Be 1 e ishtd Attcnlmts mi lots ut mtc( t 2 1 I 1 I Ol I I 1 Ic i II ill w ht L till I w \ ill t tl c 1 I itt Do s i t 1 c It 1 lu 1 \ in: in I tii I i t 1 t 11 I I t i ity c nit L n 1 th 1 1 1 t 1 mt lie 1 L attei I
DANCE RECITAL TUESDAY, MARCH 23rd 8 00 P M Adm FREE CHSLDREN'S CLASSES OPEN SAT , MARCH 27th BALLET AND TAP Cbsscj Divided According to Age PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th and terry
( I cm 1 a 1(1 I Students U I |
1 t
I
n n I 11 k nil k Pi k an
I I
tl W ( reck t r u I t B
Dolphin (III R k I r 1 1 1 I I 11 Im t Vll Stiidc I All t I 1 R k t I n r t A r I tit 1 1 1 I c I
1) Iti K1 I 1 I\ I I tl
tl R 1 U
nd I! rd — 1
PI VRt I tl Del ri
om lot r tl ( v II 1 Stum
loll siovr
M St cl I I I
t I H d I II W I H W
Tan 1 illfold I st 1 nd a 1 t 1 1 Its
W II I d—U I
JOEI. A. PETEMSOM, M. D. Aimomuts lhc Olioinig of Offices at 60V I ajaje/U I ifc Buildnig Pi at tin 1 nil it til to I -)t Rt fl at tioiis
1 ik L OSM V
dance will be held It tie ATO s and Si,-nia Ntis tomoiiow night liom 8 0 to 11 0 n the noith bill loom ol the Lnio lie backdrop designed I \ Clift Ma shall is on the Kqj \a W ml le theme Thai les Gi itt Jcione Me Ta„ue and Boi Hen It son ue m ehaige ol uia ^clients Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Today's Screen Review
News—S min I
IheNeyy Canada (M ol 1 )—18 mm
Royal Aiaby—9 mm
Cnittd Stales Marine Band—10 mm
lhc Good I( b—]] mm
Neptune s Daughteis—9 mm
Bell Boy Donald—7 mm
d 17—1 1 4")—4 4 01—7
00—4 12—7 ]0_1 22—7 21 — 1 11—5 10_1 42—5
Out—0
DR
PAUL A RISK
DR
LUTHER A RISK
DR
HAROLD I RISK
— DENTISTS —
400
404 Schultz Bldg
41h md Miin Sts Phone 5701 V -- ■it
IIBERTY LIME/BCKS
7
Keep Your Appearance Up Without Letting Your Country
Down!
(lowii rkaiiiii^ will nol only iinpiovi' >our Personal Apjx'araiicc, liiil yvill ihe labric. loo. You spiwF when voii tonstryo. ( lean elolhes Iasi ioiiirer. Crown Laundry
IIM. DRY ( U A^l^O
A handsome young iceman, Jack Irost, Said—“War is a terrible cost, And )et it’s far littler Ihan bowing to Hitler And leltmg our Freedom lie lost'”
Your county can help freese j out the Axis by reaclung itM Bond quoto Be sure you do your ahuro • put 10% of your eurniugs into ^ War Boudtt and Stamps U S I eaftirjDept
Etery branch of the Aimed Services uses the telephone One of a senes, Anli Aucrctfl M ....
To his mothci -mcl did it seems only yesteidiy th it he was using the fimily telephone to call his hi^h sehool sweetheirt But todiy the oideis he sends and leceives ovei his wattime telephone help speed the d ly yvhen love and 1 (tighter, peace md piogress shall again tide the worli ^ Western Electric IN PEACE SOURCE OF SUPPLY FOR THE BELL SYSTEM | IN WAR ARSENAL OF COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ''
%
Il 'I
s
' 'V
V H
r 1
'