( i /
m
SORi^HTIES TO FEED >-'*f 1,20 Sailors For Next
mr<MLiAi. ASKS Students To Give
Sunday's Dinner
V^ume 55, No. 44
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Magazines To USO
Thursday, November 12, 1942
tgioi/s Leaders All Faiths
Many Talks Throughout Week #ril Mark Religious Emphasis'
Freshman Class Beveridge To Elect Seven Man Contest To Executive Board Open Today
All Freshmeni D/ged To Vote November 24
Trials. Will Begin For Tinalists At 4
CJiilds To Play In Cafeteria Tomorrow For Military Ball
"Beveridge contest will open today for-the freshman who a^re either
- ... , , „ , 1, , 1 . • Birth of an executive body' for ■Leading religions leaders of the middle west are devoting freshman class which will occur
Religious Emphasis Week to general sessions of interest to Tuesday, Nov. 24, is announced by organized or unorganized, \but are all faiths and creeds. ' the student Senate, as Green Potter interested in public speaking. This ‘ Dean C. W. Gilkey, Dean of the Chicago University Chapel, politicians prepare the ballot box is the sixteenth year for the Bev-
near the west desk. All freshman eridge contest, formerly known as
men of either semester are eligible the Ankley contest.
spoke last night in Eliza Fowler Hall. His topic was “The -Best Things in the Worst
Times”, Chairman of the meeting was Joe Richards, member of the University Glee Club and Concert Choir. John Mingle, ■also '8 member of the musical organizations, lead the group in singing. Dean Gilkey, a trustee of George Williams College, has spoken to the University many times before. University Honoraries University honoraries wore represented on the program by the following people; Alpha Phi Opiega, John Eicher; Alpha Lambda Delta, Martha Lee Kiggs; Gold Peppers, Harriet Simons; Mortal’ Board, Calista Creel; and Reamers, Bob Bos-
w inkle.
Five seminars, held every evening from 4 to 6, will cover the relationship of religion to everyday problems. The speakers on the various topics include Rev. Max Adams; Rev. Eugene Durham, pastor at Northwestern University; Dr. Hiel Bollinger, Executive for Methodist students of the country; Dr. C. P. Harry, Executive of the United Lutherans; and Mrs. C. E. Sandefur, State 'Dean of the Sunshine Society. Students may discv^ss any religious tppic with the ministers oi
other at these meetings.
Albert'?. Stewart will direct the University Glee Club at the final convocation on Sunday. There will be a .faculty dinner on Sunday, and other special events throughout the
veinainder of the week.
Ramp Construction h\ Golden Shops Dravrs large Crowd Training School To Use Basement
A pounding air hammer, a coughing tractor and several clinking shovels manned by men from the Pliysical Plant have kept a sizeable crowd of sidewalk engineer.s interested around the wedge shaped excavation the men arc making at the south side of Michael Golden Shops. Purpose of the job is to prepare a ramp which will make the basement of “Mike’s Castle” accessible as a workshop for the University War Training School headed by
C. W. Beeso. ^
Foundation Cause.s 'Trouble ^ The air hammer was brought into play when the tractor’s shovel started crashing into something solid. Investigation showed it to be a concrete foundation of some older University Building ^nce removed. Inside the basement new shelves
each for storage are being put in place
and .several conduits installed to Conduct electricity. ^
Job To Last Ten Days
The job bogun on October .'ll will be completed in about ten days. The war training department will be able to begin work in the worshop about the second week in December.
and are urged to vote. Besides being one of the more' important functions of the freshman class, this is one of the few elections pertinent to the neophytes. The Green Potters will elect an executive board of seven rather than the usual four men. The board is to be composed of at least three organized and three unorganized freshmen, with the president being the candidate with the highest number of votes, from either party. The election rules provide for six nominees from the organized freshmen, and .six from the unorganized I'reshinon. Scarce as their functions may be, freshmen may take heart, for they are yet to enjoy the freshman dance and that fire of all fires which will burn the Potters’ jiots. Independent Coeds Meet To Consider War Time Activities Plans for a mass meeting of all independent coeds for the purpose of considering war time activities and responsibilities were announced by the president of the independent house!c*scssDciation early this week. The meeting is to be held at the Union Building on Tuesday evening at 7 ;30 p. m. The main topic of discussion at that time will be a functional physical fitness program as it relates to
The event will start at 4:00 p. m. today with the preliminary contest. Seven contestants will be chosen to participate in the final contest. Those who are in the finalist group will automatically be made members of the freshman debate squad. 'Trophies To Be Given Trophies will be given to the best individual speaker, and to the organization who has the winning representative. These trophies consist of the following: A silver loving cup given by the Hays .leweli’y Company to the freshman who presents the best .speech, and a large silver loving cup will be given the oi’ganization who has the best representative by C. II. Ankeny and Co;npany. Tho^e finishing in the contest will become members of the freshman debate team. This team will make a series of engagements with dif< ferent college.s and schools. The work provides excellent experience for those that are interested in forensic activities. Upperclass:nen are eligible for the varsity- debate
squad.
The subjects to be discussed in this contest are “What Are We Fighting For'?” and “College Stu-
dents and the Draft.”
Students Should Complete Physical Exams By Nov. 17-18 According to information received
High School Debate Conference Will Open Here Hov. 19 Students To Hold Model Legislature Featuring a student legislative assembly which will provide practical experience <4n__^c^ernmental procedures, the thirteemh annual High School Debaters’ Conference will be held at the University on Thursday and Friday, Nov. 19-20, according to the complete progi’am announced by Prof. P. E. Lull, in charge of arrangeme;its. Governor Henry F. Schricker and State School Superintendent Clement T. Malan will be the headline speakers. As in past years the'visiting debaters will be divided into the two houses of the state legislature, with some'*’ serving as “senators” and others as “representatives.” There will be the usual law making pi’ocedure, practice debates, and special instructional :neetings for those concerned with other phases
of forensics.
Former state senator Fred F. Eichhoin, of Gaiy, will preside over
Cadet Colonel A! Jackson To Lead Grand March At 10:45 Reggie Childs has been signed as a second band for Military Ball tomorrow night, A1 Jackson, chairman of the Military Ball committee, announced yesterday. Childs is on his way to Netherlands Plaza, Cincinnati, from St. Louis and he will stop here enroute. His band will play in the Union cafeteria to relieve congestion and to add variety to the evening. Tall and blonde Art Jarrett, a featured vocalist of his own band, will lead sweet swing in
both ballrooms of the Union
Building.
Jarrett is one of the few band leaders who are goodlooking enough to crash Hollywood. He started his career as a vocalist and has played in sev-
Reggie Childs
. . . and his orchestra will supplement the music of Art
the Senate and James M. Knapp, of Jarrett at the Military Ball to-
Hagei’stown, will be the presiding rnorrow riight.
officer of the House of Representa-
fives.
Judging from advance registration, between 350 and 400 youthful orators from some 45 high schools will attend the conference. Following registiation the conference will be officially opened with the initial session of the Stucient Legislative Assembly which will bo open to all registrants.
YWCA To Convene Saturday In Union
jFflj^i/i^eers To See Alcoa Film After their election of officers, the American Institute of Mining and Metallui’gical E:igineers will pre>,Sent a program of three sound movies on the processing of aluminum. The meeting will be held today at 7:30 p. m. in room 201 of HeavilonlHall. The -movies, which were obtained from the Aluminum Company of America, wi,ll last for approximately an hour and forty-five minutes. Subjects covered are arc, torch and ii’Csistance welds and brazing. Another .portion of the film includes the making and testing of rivets, pvepaujation 'Of the work for riveting, technique of riveting, and final inspection of the finished Work. The last'portion of the movies will cover alloys, cutting compounds, and maohirting of aluminum. This meetifig is open to all engineers, and Metallurgical students are especially welcome.
Red Cross Receives New Sliipment New shipments of materials have arrived at the Red Cross headquartei’S in the basement of the Union Building and all workers who responded to recent call outs may resume work today at 4 p. m. Although activities have been suspended for the past week because of tardy shipments, work is now abundant and wbrkers are asked to .return to their duties. New coed workci’s will be welcomed.
University women in this time of the Navy and Marine Corps,
'national emergency. Professor Helen Hazelton, 'h^d of the women’s physical educa\on department and director of the physical fitness
Indiana Collegiate YWCA will hold its fall conference for this area in the Union on Saturday and Sunday, November 14 and 15. About 50
The principal speakers at this ses- membeis of the association are exsion will be H. B. Allman, superin- pected to register at 11:30 p. m.
physical examinations for Univei- tended of schools at Muncie, and Saturday and attend the program
sity students applying for enlistment in the Navy V-1 oi V-7 programs or the Mariiie Corps must
program for women in the state of completed prior to the visit of
Indiana, will address the group in collaboration with Dr. Bertha Rose of the Student Health Service.
'Taube To Speak
Also scheduled in the evening’s program is an informal talk by Mrs. Mdlvin Taube, director of recreation at the local USO center, concerning the part that campus women can
the joint recruiting board here on the campus next Tuesday and Wednesday, Nov. 17-18. The new ruling received here, which is contrary to original instruct:ons, will make it necessaiy for students applying for enlistment to make arrangements with Dr. S. J. Miller in the Student
President of the Indiana State which begins at 1:30 p. m. DeleTeachers’ Association, and Dr. gates fro:n Ball State, Butler, DeClement T. Malan, State Superin- Pauw, Earlhain, Hanover, Oakland tendon! of Public Instruction. City and Purdue are to gather at The initial committee meetings the conference, the theme of which of the “Senate” and “House” will is “Freedoms We Defend”, be held in the afternoon. The com- Miss Winnifred Wygal of the Namittees will consider bills prepared tional.YWCA staff, new York City, in adva:ice on five topics—war pro- principal speaker off the meeting, duction, finance, military affairs, will address the group concerning school proble:n.s, and woild organ- “Freedo:n From Feai”. A. W. Cor-
fill in the recreational program for Health Service to take their physi-
Triangle
. . . social fraternity, annoupccs election of the following officers: Win. G. Hoskins, president; C. R. St. Clair, vice president; Robei'l Winslow, steward; Richard Hummel, recording .secretary; A1 •Kimball, coi'i'esponding secretary; Henry Wakeland, house man, and T. C. Smith, treasurer.
service men. Tuesday’s meeting will bring together for the first time on the campus all of the independent women of the University. Everyone is urged to attend. lU Tickets On Sale All remaining tickets for the Pur-(lue-Indiana gariie on November 21 have been jilaced on sale, it has been announced by C. S. Doan, assistant athletic director and ticket sales manager.
cal examinations before they report for interviews with the boaid next Tuesday and Wednesday. New Schedule Prepared
ization. While the committees are in session, students not participating in the legislative assembly will attend sectional meetings on dramatics and radio in charge of the University’s staff members. The day’s proceed-
It was also pointed out that in ings will be wound up with a Big
An Interview With ^Doc’ Anderson
Can Be Thrown; Lei’s Tell
Them Oaken Bucket Belongs Here
il •ilji’y ,!
By Beoky Caylor • “We can beat Indiana sure if wo get enough boys fighting and working,’* said University alumni Peter “Ddc” Anderson, benefactor of University students, in an interview
yesterday.
“,Doc” proposed that the students
.showed up at all it was to lake care Oaken Bucket is the high spot of of the battered Boilermakers. The the season of both of the contenders, over-confident team took a real and the team which bears home the trouncing from the Hoosiers and trophy can have a right to feel that the spirit of the Crimson carried it has had a good year, the team to a victory. “Doc” feels that now is the time “Doc” urges the iCain to go into for the students to start building up the game with the same fighting enthusiasm which will carry the
•der that there may he no delay in interviewing, selecting and enlisting students here at the University, a schedule of interviews is beingprepared by the Pei’sonnel Office in the Executive Building-, and all interested students must report to the Personnel Office before Monday noon in order to make definite a: - rangements for interviews. Students desiring to enlist in the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps Unassigned must also present them.selves to the Board with physical examination and other required papers completed. Applications for the Enlisted Reserve Unassigned can be obtained fio:Ti Capt. Graham
at the Avmoiy.
Applications for the Naval oi' Marine Corps Reserves can be obtained at the office of Dean W. A. Knapp in the Executive Building and for the Air Corps Reserve from Col. Hicks in the Armory. Sororities Will Entertain Sailors
and townspeople start a big “Beat .^;^,j,ich gave them a win over Boilermakers* on to certain victory University sororities will enter-r-omnnievn” iiioiVit HOW. ho- ..r ,, * itti i „ 4. 1. j-i— (;rjin 120 sailors from the Naval
Training School at dinner on November 16. Each sorority will have
cause it can he done! Overconfidence Disastrous
what the students could do to help 1. U. I'f the team is sure that the he said, “The students must get the whole student body is hacking them
The ehuliby energetic
‘Doc” told feeling that they are going to that to rake Indiana over the coals, they fifteen men as its guests. The meth
the stoTy 'o/tho 1934 tilt for the game to see Purdue beat Indiana, can’t lose. The boys have had bad od of selecting the men who are to Old Oaken Bucket in which Indiana The boys on that team are no dif- breaks this year with injuries and attend is 'that the first 30 sailors
had a team which had lost consist- ferent from anyone else, and if they some mighty stiff competition, but
ently all fall. The Boilermakers ihad really get the idea that everyone they a tough squad which had been de- is fighting, why they’ll get in there game.
livei'ing the goods all season. The and win.” “ It s up to the eds and coeds to Riveters wore sure of themselves— He hit the nail fii’iuly on the head supply the extra push to cari’y the too sure. In fact, one of the Purdue when he said, “If Purdue beats 'In- team to victory, and the best way
players said that the humane so
who sign up in each of the four
have the stuff to win that companies stationed here, will he
taken. : The Women’s Residence Halls will give the boys some fun too on Saturday, November 28, when they
diana then it’s a good season, even to^ do this is to clearly show the
Ten intercollegiate debate between the University and Ohio State on the high school debate question, with an analysis of the discussion to be presented by Prof. A. H. Mon(See DEBATE, page *2) State OPA Head Announces Gas Rationing Ruies Jame.s D. Strickland, Indiana Director of the Office of Price Administration, today announced that there are six steps every motorist must follow in order to obtain his Basic “A” gasoline rationing book on November 18, 19 or 20. They are: 1. Obtain Form R-534, “Application for Basic Mileage Ration”, immediately from any service station, tire shop or garage. 2. Fill out application completely in the naijfe of the registered owner. Registered owner must sign the application. 3. List on the application the serial numbers of the five tires re-
tained.
4. Sell all excess tires to the Government by calling the Railway Ex-
press Agency.
5. Present the filled out application on the proper day to the nearest school site. This can be done by a member of the owner’s immediate family or the owners’ agent. 6. With the application present Indiana registration card—not driv-
ers’ license.
Mr. Strickland said that these six “musts” apply to those :^pplying for Basic “A” rationing. Most motorists are in this category. Special
tier, professor of economics at Manchester College, will speak on “Free-
dom From Want.” Union Mixer
. . . will feature Maury Mahn and his crew in the North Ballroom on Saturday. Tickets are on sale at the west desk and will be available at the door for $1.10, including tax.
Students must present both tickets and passports to be admitted to the dance. * eral motion pictures, before taking over the late Hal Kemp’s band. The ballrooms will be decorated along a military theme. Decorations and displays will be from the various military organization’s now stationed on campus, including the Navy’s small arms, the Civilian Protection School’s jeep, battery guidons from the local corps, insignia of the various campus militaiy organizations, ordnance materiel, and miscellaneous items. The evening will begin with a ]i)anquet at 7 for the Military Ball Committee. The dance itself, featuring the two bands, will start at 9. A reception for special guests will be held in the west faculty lounge at 10. A Grand March will be held at 10:45 followed by'a Scabbard and Blade ceremony at 12 in which the new initiates will receive their bars. The dance will close at 1 a. m. with co^d hours ending at 2. Programs and war stamp corsages will be available at the cashier’s office until late tomorrow.
Carnegie-illfnois Steel •Representatives of CarnegieIllinois Steel Corporation, Chicago, 111., will be on the campus Monday and Tuesday, November 16 and 17, to interview senior engineers for operating' and technical positions. They also have need for women who have majored in Chemistry or who have had at least two years of this subject. Arrangements for interviews can be made in the Personnel Office. Interested students should sign before Friday noon, Novembet 13. W. E. VOGLER, Director of Personnel
WRH Goes On Wartime Basis; Coeds Help In Labor Shortage
Coeds still have the privilege of living in University Residence Halls; but they are being asked each day to do more toward the war effort to justify theiv privilege of living
there.
On recommendation of the WRH War Effort com:nittee, several new services have been volunteered by the residents recently. The most outstanding is the effort to conserve maid service. Due to the labor shortage, residents have gradually been assuming responsibilities previously provided by Hall services. Besides being generally more cooperative with the maids, the coeds have now assumed definite duties. Hall services have always included the changing of bed linens weekly and the cleaning of all rooms, but a week ago the coeds sacrificed that service to conserve maid labor. It is estimated that 52*4 hours of maid service a week are being conserved by the plan and that residents get up one-half hour earlier one morning each week to check out clemi
teered to work for the same wages the men had previously received. iThey have proven their efficiency i:i a very successful try-out, and the plan will probably be cmrtiuued in North Hall, and possibly he introduced into the other Halls as the need, arises. The War Effort committee has also proposed a plan to conserve ■electricity. It has been the subject of much comment but seems to be workable. They advocate turning out all room lights at 11:30 p. m., having all studyiiig after that hour done in one place. So^far, the practice of turning out lights is a voluntary one to test the practicability of the idea. Sell War Stamps Other efforts are being made which are not quite as significant as these, but every little bit helps hnd the residents are being conscientious about them. There are receptacles placed at strategic points for the girls to contribute
their metal and rubber scrap; a
bed linen, remake then beds, and weekly canvas .is mW of‘each resi-
prepare their rooms for cleaning,
Girls Replace Waiters tempt is being made to conserve An experiment is being made in water and heat. Also in each lounge North Hall to remedy the scarcity of there is a knitting project which the
hold a tea dance from 3:30 to 5:80
eiety would have to stop the game if we don’t win another game.” The Jfoys That they are backing them to for 226 of the men here at the Naval provisions have been made for truck waiters. Waitresses were vhosen giris can work on during their after the fil'st half. If the S. P. C. A. battle over the much coveted Old/the limit. Training Station. and taxicab operators, etc. from the Hall residents who volun- leisure time.
\^ ^ *' *'<^*^*.. -. t i*' i.
’- ■ / 7> 4J^-'‘ «
/\t^e 2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, November 12, 1942
Purdue Exponent Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
rd (or in ( h rf N(ws Ijlitor iVi 1 itii, rditnr ‘'I rth I ill r I I p 1 Manacrr ( p1 id I r
_ John r Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrone Robert L Hadley Ken K Gpemre Alice ChatBeld
Publication Staff
i Associate Editors i I for al ‘^lafT D W Ochcillret A P Hunter W E Rafert [ 1 H t W 1 Ho kins R W Boswinkle K Roquepiore s w 1 I ris Staff n E Brewer J S Dawson D Shryer C s r 1 ( (d SI iff Sall\ Beall Charlotte Hass Jean Lauer Elaine \1 r Business Staff ( ed Bus nc s Manager Tul a Martin 'dicrl ni. Managrers I M Wright D L Johnson J Petty ( r ulalion Manager e H Kloi man Arcounis Manager Trtna Torrenga I 1 r toed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keim The Purdue Independent
I d tor n t hief M laging hd tor B 1 ness Manage ( t 1 Editor A 1 erlis nt Manager \ccoiin s Manager I rcjHt n M inager
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
Ed tor Martmdcll Issue Editor
la { 1 lor P rter ! <1 rllrs n 11a 1 H I T 111 M 1 h
Abbett
Sports Editor Brewer ch Yargar Goodtnough Winslow C vlor Donham Ackerman Brucato
t n 1 class matter at the post office in Lafay 1 r the act of Congress of Maich 3 1879 al late f lo tage provided for in section Octet r IJI authorued January 20 1922^ T rh rsday Friday and Sunday morning” D 1 led locally ly carrier for $1 7G foi a ( f 1 two emesters by mail for $2 00 for a t ( for t lo semesters t I n all d subscript on $1 50 1 f 1 ticnal advertising by National Advertis I c C 1! ge Pibli lieis Representatives 420 N Y rk N Y
USO, Students Wat^a^ines For The Navy V h n the sailois came to the campus last 111 in ij new pioblems faced the USO 1 < u tiers in this vicinity Parties, dances ( (hI (1 siual functions were planned, and IK I ( nt quite successfully Now two new 1 I 1 11 ( h ive arisen, situations which the Ills Pill due can help tremendously. Wiiif Ihc sailois are on their week-end liom Satuiday noon until Sunday 1 U a( S they spend a large percentage of 1 T 1 me al the YMCA and United Service ( ini/ition centei, looking for some form ( uciLainment Because the headquarters 1 ( ) 1 w, little has been accomplished to-v--.iU-viafUj.ng d library for the sailors 1 I Ihi^ icason Mrs Walter English, USO t n c n of this district, has issued a call to I s idents foi current magazines which kikI be of interest to the navy gobs A large J V 1 i been lett in the check room of the 0 nd U IS hoped that all the students on e lupus will put their cunent literature Ijjx ’ soon aftei they aie finished with I ' dleiiqi, so that the sailors may have L of them too LeVs Cooperate, Girls 1 hv, f thei situation comes under the head(I ihings ‘tiled in the past, and found 1 ’ Last week, the USO leaders is1 1 call loi all coeds on the campus, statU cL i>iilfc weie needed badly for the SatI night dances, and Sunday programs at
n i"M
’ ! ii fc numbei of high school and college ’ igncd that they would, and did, go to ( d nee Then on Sunday afternoon, apV i-icvtclj 30 coeds, and half as many fel- ] ^pent e\eral houis putting on “crazy” pi^-vcnting piano recitals, playing cards ncially entertaining the navy men II ( 1 no doubt that the sailors appreciated il (11 nl^- ot the community for they stated o to ihe authoiities And the USO leaders \ ( p oud to see the plan succeed Congratu1 U( 11-. aic due to you gnls who went’ Jt must be lemembered that these affa,irs ) h( Id e\eiy week end, and the same probms ol how the men in the services are to be lib I lamed occur as always Let’s not think ill d oui )ob IS over girls, because we did it once L( t s show the authorities, and the saiI 1K lhal UP can do this small bit for the war
(II oi 1 and enjoy it —c f h
kl L'-
1 1
Wiiliam Amidon
14 I tpoi ltd laht Wednesday foi Naval Aviation i rIu 1; lining at the University of Noith Caiolma tihjpdHjJ! N C Upon completion of his couifaes, I pi ell I inaiy and advanced tiaining Amidon will I cciniT lorud as an Ensign in the Naval Reseive ' (M! Kcfuc his commission as a Naval Aviator I 1 ’■IK d to duty with the fleet
lober^ Leon Burleson
I < I tnvci il\ student graduated fiom the I 1 A I y 1 Iving School as pilot on Octobci 1 I 1 ( n I ( commi ^loncd as a second lieu I 1 I tl ( Ainiv All Poitc Rcscive Bmlcson ci ii ( 1 til n cor 11, on Mauh 16, was fust stationed ( Mil lu 1 i( Id Memcl ( alif and was laUi trans f( 111 i to Victoi villt
VMSHIHfiTOM tm R,q U i P.l OK MERRY-GO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON Hatred Of Mussolini Reaches Peak In Italian Army; Allied Fighter Planes Bomb Egypt WASHINGTON—Inside intelligence reports fiom Italy indicate that the most violent repercussions have taken place as a result of events m North Africa For weeks Mussolini had dangled before the eyes of the Italian people the juicy reward of Alexandria and the Suez Canal At one time he was so sure Suez was going to fall that he prepared foi, a triumphal entry into Cairo The Italians, discouraged wrth the wai were buoyed up chtefly by the thought that Suez woud be theris and they would rule the great Roman Etnprte agatn So news of the retreat in North Africa has been crushing Hatred of Mussolini is at a peak Dissen Sion in the army is stronger than ever before It seems certain that if Nazi troops were not in Italy the people would have revolted long ago At present Hitler has seven divisions or about 100 000 i-nen in Italy i-nany of them being an men on the islands of Sicily and Sardinia Now he is reported to have about five more divisions enioute from the Russian front to guard against the Second Front Allied invasion acioss the Mediteiianean • Surrounding Dakar Significant fact about the first U S landing opera tions was that no U S troops landed very near Dakai This has long been consideied the most important Fiench base in Northwest Africa and the chief men ace to the Western Hemisphere However it was also kno'wn that Dakar was the most foimidable fortress the Fiench had in Afiici It had resisted the British fleet when they attempted to take it m 1940 It had ilso received the beneht of Nazi specialists in increasing its strength Particularly it had mounted sixteen inch guns on railway cais foi use along the African coast A six teen inch gun is hea\ier and will shoot laithcr than the fourteen inch guns on many U S ba tleships and IS the equal of the sixteen inch guns on oui othci battleships Therefore, it was significant (hat while A ichy reported U S troops landing at Safi north of Dakai no troops were landed in its immediate vicinity Ai^o it had been announced some lime before by the Bi Hish that Ameiicaif troops were in I ibeiia South oi Dakai Thus American strategy probablj will be to iso late this all important French base and capture casiei and more immediate bases first In other words with Algiers and Tunis in Allied hahds, the I nited Stales first could get at Rommel’s rear then could tackle Dakar when psychological (actors had time to sink in The loads to Dakai fiom eithei Libyi oi the noith are not the easiest in the woild but they aic passable foi mechanized tioops and the picl of U S rimoicd forces ate in West Afiica • Allied ingenuity Ameiican British ingenuity lias caused cxtia spe cial woriy to Axis tioops fleeing tiom Lgypt Oidi naiily bombei planes cannot waste ammunition o small combat units must fly to main objectives drop then expensive bomb loads and return Scattered enemy tanks oi trucks in the deseit iie not considered impoitant enough game Because of this American and Biitish flieis i sed fightci planes foi bombing opeiatiors To do this they iiggcd up foui or five liagmentaiy bombs oi only 25 to 60 pounds e ich And cine the Italians and Geimans did not ha,ve strong anti aiicialt fightei planes swooped low in the descit diopping bombs on fleeing Axis units causing tiemendous conlusion Anothei disconcciting activity was tint of U S aimoied scout cais usually manned by the Biitish Equipped with machine guns and 37 mi'imctei guns they ckiited the iiinges of the enemj filing almost at will If they encountcied tanks the scout cais wei e so 1 ist they could scattci and i un But thej met little opposition and caused great coi fu irn • Effects Of African Campaign It IS almost impossible to ovei emph isize the im portance of the Noith African campaign if Rommel IS dinen completely out oi the Mediteiianean Fust It will mean a long line oi an bases boidei ing the coast oi Noith \iiica fiom Cano to Casa blanca irom which Allied planes can bomb Itilian Greek and even Austiian objectives Second the old supply loute to India tniough the Mediteiianean and Suez can be reopened Oi li sub maiines should be too difficult supplies could be un loaded at Casablanca on the Atlantic Coast reloaded on the Fiench lailioad that skirts the Noith Aiiican coast and shipped 1 200 miles to P’lcnch Tunis This would save a haul thiough the most difficult naiiows of the Mediteiianean Third, Russia could even be supplied by shipping thiough the Mediteiianean to Beilut Syna and then inland, instead oi the seven oi eicht weel s voyage around the tip end oi Africa Fouith a lot oi the Biilish fleet now convoying supplies aiounci the tip end ol Afiiea could be le leased and used to tighten the blockade uound Gei many 1 lith the Italian fleet would be lendciod impotent and theie aie soim (bsetveis who tiunk the It ili m fleet might even come ovei to the Al ud side • Capital Chaff Some of the Cabinet who cion Li oi Thurman Arnolds tiust busting activities no pulkng wnes to get him out of the Justice Depaitmcnt ind onto the U S Couit ol Ajipeals J'oi the Distiiet ot Columbia fhuiman however is not likely to budge Cen eial Nogues who took Cxcneial Weygands pi ie( as goveinoi of Noith Aliici is nnn led to the d uightei of Fiance’s most famous loieign n inistei the 1 itc Iheophiie Deleasse, histone hatei oi Ctim my Deleasse is the man who negoti ited (he I icnch British Russian tri partite alliance against (>einiany Marshal Rommel’s gieatest handicap is leported lo he lack of gasoline Allied ai-planes lia/c blown up a lot of his gasoline tanks sunk his tankeis J his IS a t«o edged sword While handteapp ng Rom mel, it has also handicapped the Biiti-.h In (he last advance they captured and used his gasoline Now they hive to h lul up then own—a teinhc job over the deseit Because oi I lel ol watei in Noith Alnea the Biitish h ive put die tl lot imotivc on the lailioad lunning ilong thi Alnean to ist o Bengasi Jhis sivis wall i ioi the oidinaiy steam < ngint (Copyiight, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Tnc )
Out Of The Wardrobe
“He 1 cheuged with vagiancv \oui honoi—h;’ was ■'AaiKiiit along as if he didn t ha\e a care in the woild ”
University Calendar Thursday, November 12
8 00 A M Ind Soc of Pioiession il I ng 3 00 PM Scieeii Review 7 30 PM Cimeia Club Meeting 7 30 P M AIME Meet Movie I 1 e Ofliceis 7 30 P M Thom is S ly Fntomoiogi Soe le tv
Room 2G3 Union H ill ol Music Room iOl Unioi \oo 11 201 He ivile n 11 ill I Jill 10 H ill
Today's Screen Review
By Inne Hardy
Sheen a wet week—not even fitten foi ducks and turtles—let alone aspiring beauty ites But between the toad stranglin’ showers, did manage to weed out a few unbeclraggled and beaming coeds Way back in the ancient tiijies of last Thursday was fighting my way upstieam into the Biology building when bingo—right iheie pulling bn a slouch hat was Fieshman Mary Virginia Heneke She yanked the belt of hei biriiii illiant green trench coat with the natural calf buttons and scooted out to battle the elements Mighty puidy coat, Ginny Then came the week end, Savitt packed ’em in tighter than Maizie in her new giidle Saw a cute couple the fiist eagle glante I swung around the floor, lo and behold, ’tWas Betsy Jansing Heas was traditional black Cl ope but was offset with a wicked diagonal decoration from shoulder to Vv'aist Thb stiip of blue velvet ribbon smacked of the Russian cait iidge belt loea and climaxed on the left shouder with a sloppy big bow Neat dress, n’-at giil, neat couple' Keno Keene, sophomore, right there in her latest peg top diaped black 1 avoir Slashed m the centei of the side drapefe weie pockets concealed Suede heels and a top knot beanie included but the second look came with the intriguing silver metal cross at the neck and the two gigantic size biacelets Took me back to Czechoslovakia—or vheie it Uota be—when Pat Iddmgs freshman appeared in her peasant jnspiitd flannel or ess All oi it waj in lipstick led except the iiont blouse,^it had rows and rows of black and led embioldered peasanty figures on a white background Guess Jeanne P-'trick senior robbed the giecn house, perched over opch eu wis 1 bundle oi cianium colored geraniums Tall looked mighty handsome specially with hei matching led fi'nnnd suit—three fouiths length cuffed sleeves coveied buttons white dickey ind Jeanne inside in n m m m m m m Plotting aioiind the Union after Satuiday s slaughlei met up with Betty Ann McCieeiy junioi under hii grey kidskin eoat she wore a light blue pitch pocketed suit A smooth eoi il swedei and matching ocl s skyiocketed thK as a tops giidiionei June Satu day Place Kappa iathei’s dinnei Gnl Sophomoie Betty T cu Kiudup Was doing a swell job ot apple polishing in i blown ff innol el IS le The fly fiont wis scalloped witR buttons from neck to hem— little blue collai—blown heels bowed Monday s sights—Becky Moiiison junioi icdded out in an eye blinkei ol i coii with hi ick vilvclcen coll ii and cufis Couldn I see the fiont— got aw lY too qiii k but it s woith lool mg up Mote Unioni/ing Monday This time N jicy Roheil on fieshman in a hi lek outfit ot mens wc u (lanncl The j icket wis ddiciouslv long with tniie bulLi 1 ” Unc'ei w is in ugyle wcitei of ud blue and pie\ Nut tuloiing food toi tic told guests Mo idav mg i{ it 7 >0—1 in to slmt this tb the lioss giab my h vt in scaith ol lew wudiolKS~-oh gci the run mo foi my cuilcis
News—‘) mm Minnesota I anfi oi Plent}—10 nuo Better Fowinip—10 min Unusual Occupations—10 min Carnival in Bia/il—10 min Soannq Slais—10 nnn Nothing but Neivc-,—10 min Fighting I icneh—20 min Snovv Fight—P min
00—4 00—1 10—1 20-0 10—0
17 10 Ob 00 lo
'0—5 20
0020-
Out
50 4t> 51
Notice Checkiooms on giounil iio a wiil he open ioi al! students desiring to check coats ^incl IwHs.
Ag Staff To Hold Informal Dinner Alumni anil stiff m ml ei of Agiicultuial Stnool includin,, i tension, teaching nd t re im i station membei s will ive the i six teenth annu il intoimil dirner li 5 30 p m next Mon e enmg m the Agiicultui il rngineeiir, Bu la ing foi the senioi igiicultuiil stii-. dents Speakoi foi the occasion will bt Ralph Thompson membe oi ihc boaid of iiusLees oi the Univcieitj and a gnduito of the A„i rultuic School Music and oihei aivcisions will be piovidcd Pi of W 0 Mills IS chill min ot the 11 langements committee lo this dinnei Students u e to b guests of the laculty ind the t w 11 be no charge ioi the dmnci
Everyth trig for a College Edii( ation DEACLS
Deba te C onference (( 111 1 UC I ft ill I) ip 1 ) lit diannan (I lie UniscisilV', 1 (CC Iff Ihc aiiiial c '■(icn i 1 inqiid i i till (till \ ill I ( t illovs idly i c I I I 1 li 1 un( t I ( i d o IS on tiu lit 1 til 1 y l! 11 ly lu | A c Ol til i lio 1 ol the s( 1 ns c I n ( stident leg! litivc assenhl/ ind Lw ) 1 ) Ills ol puictic It lie v/ill lal t ui the I nil ol tlio tl IK on 1 1 i\
If You Want &cod Work
mrRONIZP 1 XPONFNl ADVrUllfel RS
t * N>f N-
flbn Mills Stodiu (DtHitncttvp Portraiture)
205 I asl Si He PlioiK M1 i
Ar ★ * 4: ★ ★ Ar ★ ★ 4r ☆ At ★ A ★ 4r 4r ★ ■At ★ ★ ■Ar ★ Tuma I TODAY FR! -SAT. TWO FIRST-RUN HITS
UaiII STARTS TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE —
Vj (All American Halfback') ARLINE JUDGE WARREN ASHE DON BEDDOE COLUMBIA PICTURE
HEJ.D OVER AT LAST ON THE SCREEN... aafjer conywlslog Broadway and the nation on the stage I
i.ta 0
TORi
leiidDf moka
PLUS
Her Only Ci.mj Was Knowing Tod Much’ hoMH! UlCIfAEl AMES JUIIESISKOP RECISTOOMEV PATTUIAIE
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
Two Ohio girls explore love in those Greenwich Village 'studios'! mm uifimm FKIDAY - SATURDAY
LATEST PATHE NEV/SThursimy^ November 12,1942 BoUermaker Sports
Pages
w
Tojisy^Turvy Grid Race Prevails In Big Ten Wilid'Up
^ Chiea'gb,'. Ilfl'; NoV. 12—^As-the . . > .
. Goiifererice season estimates were^ discarded \vhile Iryiiana rose to,peak form to
ffoOtBall i'fgce k^ds into its final early in the season wh^n the'“Gin- drop favored Minnesota, vyoeks,: prbbably* no, word is being derella”. lads of Illinois defeated Western ,conference service bu;spoken:iv;morei^ the Minnesota, and twice-previously- reau figures released. todag show 'partisans^of member teams than the defeated Purdue , edged Northwest- that-Ohip State continues to'head speculative and' HOpefur “if”.' ern. That was the tip-off that a up the Big Ten in offense. The Bucks , Six,,teams, haye a . fhathematical grand race was in prospect. played Pittsburghina non-confer-chance,,to-win ,the coveted Big Ten The conference season has been epee title last Saturday but their title, now hejfi;:by Minnesota, with consistently inconsistent. Teams figures..,of 362.5 yards gained per three, Saturdays of the season re- have found that to be named a fa- game by rushing and passing is still ‘maining. Iowa,, Ohio State) and Illi- vorite in the press'has been a virtual tops. The Ohio lads have been the nois share top honors at the moment kiss of death. Wisconsin knocked number one offensive team in the
in the conference wdn-and-lost, Ohio State out of the Big Ten lead ^standings with three wins and one and the number one spot in the naloss each. ; ‘ ; .. ■ tion. Gontinuing in the true temper _Not Since 1920 of the War season, Iowa last Satur- , Not since the late nineteen twen- day toppled Wisconsin,from the Big ties has thp mid-west witnessed Ten pinnacle and from among the
State Game Conference Standings barren Named Game Captain; P jsfgncc T63RI
'such a keen race for the title. Pre- country’s leading undefeated teams
conference all season.
Minnesota for the second week in a row leads the circuit in defense. The Gophers in four games have yielded only 159 yards per .game rushing and passing to their op-
Bct. '766 J60 .750 .667v .60 .600 .333
,
DOUGLAS SHOES
WANTA TINKER?
it .
,.*■* $$.50;- $6.50
equipment all at
PURDUE SHOE STORE
EDGERTON HDW. INC.
1
302 State Stl,. , West Lafayette
E. W. VanMeter, Pres.
■ "■ . ' . . .
ponents. Oddly enough, Illinois, now tied for first place, has rankedV eighth offensively for the past three weeks. It Will be remembered that the alert Illihr liave scored twice on “stplen” ball plays and once on a free ball follpwing,: a bad Minnesota .center pass.^ .,' ■ ^ '
UahAUjf Jown,
Till LS-=^37 50 Double Breasted Tuxedos--®35 oo (A Few Others $24.50 Up) ' Varsity Town has been able to supply us with a limited quantity of Double Breasted Tuxedos and TaT Suits. They can not manufacture t .those garments anymore; consequently they are willirig to get rid of them at a low figure. This low pri je is passed on to you, and weTl guarantee you they are the finest garments on the market under , $50.00. See them before you buy. Give them consideration before renting. A few rentals will pety for one. s DRESS SHIRTS We feature Lion Brand and Manhattan Dress Shirts. They are both tops on the market at their price. See them! Tux Shirts $2.50 and $3.50. Tails Shirts $2.50 and $3.00. ACCESSORIES We carry everything you v/ill n3ed for your Formal Attire such as Vests, Jewelry, Shoes, Opera Hats, Hamburgs, Sox, Scarfs, Handiterchiefs. Boutonnieres and Suspende ’s.
■ik ^ ■
W. L. T.
Illinois 3 1 0 Ibwa ......3 1 0 Ohio State .......... 3 1 6'"** Michigan 2 1 O ' Wisconsin 1 •' 0 Minnesota '......n.>:2 2' -Q Indiana ......fe 1 2 J ,v!q Rurdue 13, ,0 jN^rthwestern .... ‘0 6 O'
Oames of Saturday, November 14 .Ji’phio State vs. IlliiidiB' 'gt GleVe-
laigd, Ohio. t v ' " ■ f'lowa at Minnesota:-.*! "
., iWis at Northwestern,.*.
Scoring Leaders *
(j^ased on Conference Games only) U-:- , W G. T.D.Pts. |lekete, fb, Ohio State:;, 4 6 42
Skrringhaus, hbj’O.S.U. 4 Rrickey, hb, Minnesota 4 Harder, fb, Wisconsin.. 3 Kuzma, hb, Michigan.... 3 McCarthy, e, Illinois.... 4 Vodick, hb, Northw’rn.. 5 White, hb, Michigan...... 3 Hillenbrand, hb, Ind. U, 3
■' The following players have seSred two touchdowns for 12 ip^htS.bach: Agase, g, 111.; Cowan, hb, Ind.;
Gridders Head North Tomorrow fg Face Big Ten.
Foes Next Monday
Traveling to Chicago this week end the Boilermaker cross country team will be called upon to defend
Bruce “Pinky” "Warren, Boilermaker senior tackle from Kalamazoo, Mich., who has been on the sidelines during the past two games because of a knee injury, will return to action against Michigan State at East Lansing, this Saturday, to cap-
000 teammates against the Spartans.
Warren returned to practice in uniform two days ago, along its Western Conference title on the
with Kenny Smock, left half, who has also been nursing course Monday
juries for the past several —-—^ “Road Race’
weeks. ;
The lone Wolverine on the Boilermaker varsity, Warren iwill be facing many former high school rivals, now playing
5 30 'for Coach Charley Bachman. At 3 18 Kalamazo'o high school, he was a 2 18 !member of the state championship •.J’ 1? football and basketball squads in ,,|3 ., '18 1938. Enlisted in the Marine Corps 3 18 Reserve, he will be called to active '3 18 duty immediately following gradua-
2 13' tioh. . * Yesterday’s practice session on Ross-Adei Field, back of the Fieldhouse, saw Elmer BUrnham send
Daley, hb, Minn,,;Engel, e, 111;; Grif- varsitymen in two teams against fin, hb, 111.; Uknes, fb, Iowa; Wiesp, thgyearling squad. Featured in the fb, Mich. 'ii ’ afternoon’s'workouts- were an exRtishing Leaiders tensive dummy scrimmage sessioii
and defensive work against Michigan State plays. ■ Burnham will wind up the week’s preparation for the Spartans this afternoon, wflh • fhe squad scheduled to leave Here early tomorrow for Detroit, enroute
to East Lansing.
Smock, ftarwegan Back .' Coach Burnham is hopeful that the once battered Boilermakers may be reinformed for Saturday’s encounter by Sinock and Warren. Both missed the Iowa and Croat Lakes games. Dick Barwegan, sophomore. right guard, who missed the Hawkr eye battle and saw but fleeting action against the Sailors, may bo ready for full time duty this week. ' i-Backfield possibilitie.s became new and different with the return of Smock, who will, in all probability, sbaie time at left half with Henry Strain, 160-pound, five-foot, six-inch .sophomore. Stram, the .smallest on the .squad, turned in “iron man” per-
c.
Av. per
T.G. Carry
Feketc, fb, OSU.:.
.4
94
4.6
Harder, fb, 'Wis
3 .
61
4
Sarringhaus,. OSUt...
4
62
5.9
Hirsch, hb, Wis
3-
v46
4.4
Uknes, fb, Iowa.
'4
48
5.4
Curran, hb, Iowa
4
56
3.6
Horvath, hb,.OSU.'..
4
’44 .
4.5
Hillenbrand, hb, Ind.
3
41 .
3.2
Cowan, hb, Indiana..
3.
13
9.9
Kulbitski, fb, Minn...
4
44
3.7
Butkovicb, fb, 111.......
4
53
'311'
Passing Leaders
G.
Att.
Net Gain
Gi'aham, hb, North’n
5
83
620
Hillenbrand, hb, Ind,
3
42
225
Farmer, qb, Iowa
4
.31
20$
Friekey, hb, Minn.,.',.
^ 4
. 24
148'
Sarringhau.s, hb,OSU
4
2.4
' 136
Hirsch,. hb, Wis
3
18
71
formances again.st Iowa and Great Lakes. Harris To Quarter Charles Harris, who last year played at' quarter, but was . shifted to an end spot this season, returned to Kis old signal calling post as, it looked doubtful whether Bob Hajzyk, kicker, blocker, , sti’ategist,
Phillips
The team will arrive in Chicago on Sunday afternoon, and take a light workout over the regular course. The race will he run over, a mile course four times j being the same one that was used' for the 1940 championship meet. Coach Hermon Phillips stated yesterday that the race will be a “road ’race” rather than a cross country race, and he feels that “a race over such a course is a detriment to cross country”. Time trials will be run this afternoon over the four mile course to determine which men will compete in the Conference meet. The same team that has been running all sea-, son is expected to run for the Riveters on Monday afternoon. Chuck Duesler, who has led the team all season, is expected to be in the fight for top hbnors. Kenny Lynch and Darrel Roach are also being counted upon for a low score. Bill Seward, a sophomore who has been developing rapidly all season, finished third for the Boilermakers last week. Hoosier Team Favorite Indiana will be the favorite of the day, but will get competition from the Riveters, Ohio State and lUjnois. Mitchell, who finished Second last week, and Judge, who scarcely beat out Duesler for third place'ii) the State meet, are expected to give Indiana the edge. Illinois^ chief contender.s for first place. will .be
..-(The foregoing players have atterrtpted at lea.st five forward passes
per game.)
When it’s cold wintry out, sit home and let your sports life slide^eome down to the BOWtiNG ALLEYS and enjoy one of the FINEST sports.
The (lpri%er of the Campus-— ' Yet tite Center of Activities
would see much action against
Michigan State or Indiana. Hurrle Dunn and Seib. Both qf-these.me.n and Leugo, Boilermaker centers, did well in the dual meet bet'ween are still on the “doubtful” list. the Illini and the Boilermakers. Spartans Play Host To Boilermaker Eieven; State Seeks Iliird Win; Riveters, Setond Michigan.State’s football team will remain at hoftie for the first time in three weeks this coming Saturday to engage the Boilermakers, on Mapklin Field, while trying for their third win of the season as wiH the Riveters be trying for their second. Both teams have met one-common adversity, thait of Gr^at Lakes with the Spartans coming out on the best half of the deal. In their engagement ■ with the Bluejackets, Michi- state retailiated with a victory Hn state toppled them over by a Macklin Field , the following^'ye'ar .score of 14 to 0, while the Riv- the identical score, 20-7:. Last
eters suffered the huiniliating defeat of 42 to 0, from these same
Navy men. Spartans Upset Bluejackets It was a fact that the Spartans played a better brand of ball than most people expected when .they won, as even Coach Charley Bach-
MICHIGAN STATE’S SCORES Opponents Spartans Michigan—20 0 Wayne U.—6 46 Marquette—28 7 Great Lakes—0 14 Temple—7 7 Washington State—25 13
man was so pessimistic over his team’s chances of winning that he volunteered to walk across the Red Cedar river at high noon oh Sunday should his boys win. Thus it was that Coach Bachman kept his word and at high noOn, with several hundred student onlookers, waded the stream in honor of his team. The Boilermakers have a twogame edge on the Spartans in their football series whi«h started in 1918. The Riveters won that year, 14-6, and the next season they repeated with a 13-0 triumph. In the modern .series, however, affairs are all oven. The Boilermakers won in 1939 in Ross-A(le Stadium 20-7, and
HOME OF
HENRY ROSENTHAL CO.322 Main St.
year at Lafayette ag'ain the teams played to a scoreless tie. _ Thus ^e records show the Riveters ha'vihg won three games. State one .a'nd.'the fifth contest ending in a tie." Michigan State Suffers IniurieS Michigan State has also suffex’ed on the injury side of football,; Gdach Charley Bachman is hopeful that the game will see the return tq action of Walter Pawlowski, senior halfback, who has been out of action with a twisted knee _since the Spartans’ 14-0 victory over the Bluejackets. Pawlowski may not be able to play the route against the Boilermakers, but he may he strong enough to appear for relief duty. The midget halfback from Calumet City, 111., carries most of Statens speed in his sturdy legs and is the
leading pass catcher,
Spartan Fullbark Out Of Action. Bachman would also like to see Ed Ripmaster, his first string fullback, ready for duty, too, but the Grand Rapids boy is probably relegated to the bench for at least Unother week with a leg injqry. Ripmaster was injui-ed in the Temple game two weeks age, which en<ted
in. a 7-7 tie.
One of the outstanding players on the Spartan squad is Russell Gilpin, who has come to the surface iii the last two games as the favorite quarterback, although State has been using four of them in most of the games. Behind Gilpin, who is frOm Detroit, is Bob Ottihy, a sophoinore, who played his high school football at Lapeer. .> William (Sailor) Priedihan, former professional boxer, is badk'in the Navy. Friedman, recently completed training and returned to, the Great Lakes Naval Training Ration last Friday (Nov. 6) -froira a brief leave. A coxswain, Friedman will assist in the boxing program. Friedman’s trip . through “boot camp” was the second of his life. He was at Gi'eat Lakes in 1916, later winning the bantaniweight championship of the station, Friednuin began his professional chtUer aftei' he was released 'the U. S. S. Michigan in 1918.4
fiurdue Exponent
Thursday, Nmaemher IS, d^S
Camora Club Animat Personnel Notes Efflrick Announces Playshop Will Give
£xhibit Presents First-Place Pictures
Camel a Club’"? 1942 JPall Exhibit is now in the Music Room of the Union It will continue thiough
Friday
AlmoXong has two firsts entitled "Eathleen” *nd “Suiiiniei” Richaid D ilierner has two firsts en-
Oompanies to visit campus* Moraine Products JDivision, Bayton, Ohio—Novembei 14 Interested
in MetE
Carbide and Carbon Chemicals Corp., S Charleston, W Va—November 16 and 17
New Promotbns In Military Band
The piomotion of Master Sei-
Carnegie Illinois Steel Co, Chi- geant R B Clifford, a junior rn the Novembei 16 and 17 In- School of Mechanical Engineering, teiested in all types of engineers to the rank of Bvt 2nd Lieutenant Sign in Personnel Office befoie g^d Conccrtinaster of the Sym-
phonic Band, was announced Friday by P S Emiiok, Director of Military Bands at the University Other promotions announced were
titled “Wistful” and “Pals” C W Thursday noon, October 12 Hayward’s portrait, “Harriott”, al- Reenuitmg Board—Army, so IS a first C A Sloat has two Navy, Marine Corps-Coast Guard— fiists “To An American Immortal” Columbus, Ohio Nov 17 and 18
and “Apples”, and two honorable Gulf Research & Development those of Sgt W H Weber to Tech mentions “Despeiation” and “For- Co , Pittsburgh, Pa —November 18 meal Sgt and assistant to the Band est Pals” Magnolia Petroleum Co, Dallas, Adjutant, Sgt R F Sharp to Staff
“Kathleen” is a portrait of a Texas—November 20 Interested in chubby baby, and Alma Long’s oth- bS, MS and PhD Chemists er prize winner is a farm scene of E„e Railroad Co , Cleveland, Ohio a hay-wagon in the fields Leinei —Novembei 12 Interested in Defeatures animals in his pictures and ^nd Apiil ME Sign in Percalls the picture of the kitten ^oniiel Office immediately
“Wistful” and the one of the boy
and his dog “Pals”.
Lerner’s piize winner is a chaimmg portrait of a girl whom he calls “Harriot” Sloat’s two fiists are quite different The one named “Ap pies”, as its name implies is a photograph of a dish of apples The other one which he calls “To An
Bureau of Naval Personnel— V-7(S) for Bureau of Naval Ordnance—Novembei 12 and 13 Inter ested in December and April ME, EE and CE Carter Oil Company, Tulsa, Oklahoma—Novembei 17 Merck & Co, Inc , Rahway, N J
American Immortal” is of a memo- —Novembei 18 Interested in ChE,
BS, ME and Phd chemist®
Holley Carburetor Co, Detroit, Michigan—Novembei 26 Interest ed 111 ME Sign in Personnel Office
Navy To Hold Senior 4iii«ryiews Today t Today University seniors interested in Naval Ordnance work are to be interviewed and inducted by Navj Personnel Officers The Navy requires that all those who wish to be interviewed have then papers complete at the time of the interview However, these persons are not under anv obligation to enlist if they happen to change then mind Subjects such as torpedoes, mines, lire'’control, explosives and optics are a part of the training course Captain Van Auken, Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance, says that an engineering graduate is able to becine a valuable Naval Ordnrnce rfiicei after eight months of tiain-
mg
France Lists Make-Up Periods For PE Cuts
1 Make-up Periods
In light of certain extenuating
Navy Department, Blaw-Knox Co, Martins Ferry, Ohio—Interest ed in Naval Ordnance Material Inspectors Sign m Personnel Office by Tuesday, November 17 Famchild Aviation Coip, Jamai ca, N Y —Interested in ME EE Smii in Personnel Office by Tues d ry November 17 P R Mallon 6^ ( o , In , Indian i apolis—Inteieste 1 in MetE EE, ME Sign in Personnel Office Wednesday, November 11 Phi Gamma Delta annouftces the following offi ceis for the coming year James R Dunn, president, Cayce B Parrish, tieasuier, Richard A Lancet, ictoiding secretary, John C Hamson, corresponding secietaiy, and
Sgt and technical officer, and Corporal E H Hemmei, to the position of Sgt in charge of the percus-
sion detail
Fieshmen appointed lance-coi-porals aie R A Chapman, A R Balitz, J H Watters, G Dawson, J M Chenoweth, W R Pavclcheck, C E Geib and S F Wolin IM Schedules The following semi final fiatei nity touchball games will be played Thursday evening Nov 12, al 4 16
Field
1 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Alpha Umpiies, Mussel inan-Eincrson 2 Sigma Chi vs Phi Gamma Dcltr Umpires HaiveyFoss
'JimPandy'ToRaise Navy Relief Funds ‘Uim Daftd'y,” Playshop success of this suinmei, will be presented again on Friday and Saturday,‘November 20 and 21, with all proceeds going to the Navy Relief Fund Tickets for the benefit performance are fifty cents and can be purchased at the Fowler Hall office Tickets fiom Playshop season tickets turned in with twenty five cents will also be good for admission With the exception of George Hudson, who is replacing Paul Gore as Jim Crow, servant to Jim Dandy, the cast for the production will le mam the same Prof P E Lull has the title lole of Jim Dandy The cast includes Laiiy Myers as Johnny, Jean Nigg as Molly, the dancer, Arthur Barab as Jock, the optimist, Richard Kohls as Fishkin, the whining pessimist, and BiW Lester as the postman ”st^e mknager is Betty Gray, and Meyer Evanson, Lee Frshback, Geoige Zisdis, Anne Bradley John Clark, and Maiy Osborne aic the cicw heads This ciew in charge of production is the same one that woiktd on the play this summer
al 0
Proceeds from the show aie Play shop’s contiibution to tin Navy Re lief Caus(
circumstances, the Drvision of Phys- William A Jackson, Jr , historian real Education will permit those Men initiated to the Lambda Iota
been absent chapter Were Richard J Brown,
John C Dittrich, Edward J Evans,
students who have
from class to make up six cuts on
the following dates
Saturday, November 14, 1942— 1 30 p m to 3 30 p ra —(2 cuts) Saturday, Novembei 28, 1942— 1 30 p m to 3 30 p m —(2 cuts) Saturday, December 5, 1942-— 1 30 p m to 3 30 p nr —(2 cuts) Make-up of absences prior to is suance of delinquency slips will be permitted This only applies to the present term (September Decem-
ber, 1942)
2 Penalties It should be understood that no absences, other than medical, are permitted in PEM 12e This is neces sary in view of the fact that regular activity IS essential to a program of conditioning Receiving a condition or failure in PEM 12 in any one term will necessitate the scheduling by the student df this course for five periods per week during the following semester Satisfactory completion of the five hour course in the subsequent semester reill allow the student to receive a pass mg grade in the previous semester and the earned grade in current
semester
Signed—W L FRANCE
William W Heath, John E Lippincott, Clarence B Noelting, Alfred B Schacte, Carl M Thomas and
John J Wallbillich
Daily Health Service Report
It is reported from the Univei sity’s Student Health Sei \ ice that seven students fioni the University have entered the hospital foi caie C W Rosvinkle fieshman E, J H Doitch, freshman E H B Newly, fieshman E, aie at St Elizabeths Hospital for surgical tieatment At St Elizabeth’s for medical care aie P M Sheik junioi S, Gus Habick, freshman A, and R E Keil man, senior S At the Home Hospital for surgi cal treatment is K E Gilbet lunioi M, and Ereiett Sklarz, junior Ch is theie for medical tieatment Jeaniee Aucklej fieshman S and Marj J Shi out, fieshman HE aie in the WRH mfiiman Those recently discharged fionr Home Hospital an Hilda Micehell, junior HL, J I Sheet/ fieshman E, Roberta Walkei ^enioi H R L White, junioi M, S J Beiger, fieshman E, R L Knapp ‘-ophomoie M and William Van Cleve, fieshmen L Dmehaiged fiom St i Elizabeth’s arc Baibaia (onaid freshman S, W I Doei f sopho moie Ch WarienLige fieshman L and T ( Mooie, sophomoie S
Buy War Bonds ’ And Stamps
fIGHTWG worn delivered by Western Elecfric Radio In the skies, Army planes lly and light yilh radio command sets On the gi oiind, i adio i ides jnto battle in tanks — held telepliones, wire swilchhoaids coordinate lai hung operaiious. Al sea, ladio, battle aunouueing systems and telephones transmit ordeis and rejioits. Sixty jeais as inamifaelurcr loi the Bell System gave Western Llectiic the "know how” and facilities to luin out sucli speciali/ed wailime equipment to "keep ’em in conlact”
PIA Bowlers Anyone interested in cntennB ttto tournament and not yet on a team aaU me anV night before fThuraday at 36164 —rJlEZiK Volleyball Officials’ Rating Course (Jallout 'Thursday Nov 12 at 4 p m in gym Everyone eligible ■—CAMPBELL Navy V-7 Juniors and seniors who are nssemblmpr papers supporting their request £oi enlistment m V-7 who are under 21 years of age must submit three copies of parents consent properly notarized Copies of this form (Navy 400> may be obtained at my office ■—KNAPP Poultry Science Club There is to be a very important meeting November 12 Everyone interested in poultry is urged to attend ■—-BOOKER Exponent Seniors Those desiring gold keys should see me —GJEMRE Gimlet Club Paddles have arrived, and may be obtained from me by coming to the Phi Psi house at any time ■—PRASER Frutcrnity Rush Chairmen Cary Hall rush lb now open However men cannot be
pledged until second semester
—WILCOX
Alpha Phi Omega The annual banquet will bi held Sunday Nov 14 Poi reservations and particulars see or call Kuck 261 SW Cary Hall immediately
- BENDER
All Women Swimmers Beginning ballet group will practice every Monday at 4 30 p m All interested come then Advanced gioup will practice every Thursday at 6 p m —JOHNSON All Male Students Enlistments in the Enlisted Reserve Corps of the Aimy closes on December 31 1912 It you desire ro enlist and h ive not yet applied your appli c-ition should be placed immediately in Room Bl in the basement of the Armory
-GRAHAM
Sept Oct Code Group Qualification Ccr Lifie lies m ly be obtained in the Sujply Room m tti Armo-r by those students of the Septemlxi Oelobei Code Cioup tbit qu ilefie i it ( w p m < i be ttei HES I TRBl RG
Skull and ( resetnt I eddies Hum up it Till rpsilein 1 he
The Xoiiovmg tiatoinities will have baskttball piattice Ihuibdvy evenino, Nav 12 Coui t 1—S Rudasics 7 00—Kappa Sigma vs Phi Kap pa Psi 7 15—Lambda Chi Alpha vs Thct i Chi 8 00— Phi Delta Tliota vs Theta Tail 8 15—Phi Gamma Delta vs Theta Xi Couit 2—R N Foss 7 00—Phi Kappa vs Tiiangle 7 15—Tan Epsilon Phi vs Alpha Kappa Lambd i 8 00—^Acacia vs Alpha Gamma Rho 8 15—Alpha Chi Rho vs Alph i Tau Omega Coint 3—I Rudasics 7 00—Beta Sigma Psi vs Beta Theta Pi 7 15—Delta Chi vs Delta Upsilon 8 00—Alpha Sigma Phi vs Tii angle 8 15—Kappa Delta Rho vs Sig ma Nil Til " ’
Notices
All ROTO Students New lemilition eon ccinint. Make up foi ibsonct fi m M li t«uy classes is p sted on Aim ly Bulk tin Bond All ROTC fatudcnls shnild icil this n.^,iHtion duimk their next ht ir n the Aimor\ GRAHAM Mctallurffiral rnirineers I k Lion ( f < fTi IS ind film on iluniinum at tin. mictmK Ihuisdav nieht Room 201 Hcavilon Hall 7 k) SCHAl LIOI Glider Club Fmp itai t mettinp: riuns ] ly niprht it 0 in m h)*i t the Uni i llien will In an < lection ol mcmlnts
BAI I
PIA Memhcrship baksmen Tuin books in t) me on Ph iisdi> in thi otlieo Ictween A and b p m Last chain c —-PFULAR Volleyball Callout Monday Nov 16 at ^ p m Come dressed to play CAMPBEI I
tic in Pick JACOBS
bur\eying Students An examin iliun foi urn vil of C j-iad in C E- I will be held in R om 3 01 C 1 buikhn at 1 p m Sit ida> Nov U Poimits must I <b lined 11 lot in 10 M c foi c 1 udaj Nov 11
I OMMl I
Poullry Scuntc (.hib Piofissor I I But/ will pc il Thuisdnj October 12 at JJ 1 n His subject IS Tin Buts ot the 1 lliy Inlustiy All stud nt intcusted 111 poultij u uri-td It attend Tliia meet me? wiU Ic in loom ^12 of the Union
liOOIvER
All Students Pli le aie still some Uni \ci itv Directories lelt As long as the snp lly lists my Indent who ha^ not alieady bn t \ coi V TYi \y g 1 m bv c limp: Mt the R gistini s otTicc and presenting his passpoit RAI PJJ B bl ONC Registrai Riflery All giiK must have six iifleiy inctucs compktfcd within the next two weeks Mai up piacticcs on Monday lues daj (1 Ihuisdiy nights —WILBUR Purdue Pngineer Impoitant moftiir of nil enioi ind mnioi stall membcis luesday N )v 1" it 10 p m m tlu oftiet YOUN^BI OOD Tau Btta Pi Impoitant mteling foi the tk ti n ol mcmlti'i Thuisday Nov 19 at i 10 J) rn in 1 ast I icultv I oungr I his is i eompUlsiry meeting iml lims will b( Itvud foi uncxiuscij absei r —YOUNGBI OOD
Phi Lambda Upsilon Meeting for election of piedges postponed Date will he announced later —MAIDR Presidents of iHonoraries Meet in room 302 of the Union at 4 15 p m Piiday Nov 18 for discussion of an AlDEngineer mg Bantpiot Send a representative if vou cannot bo theie '—YOUNGBLOOD Gold Peppers Meeting Friday Nov 13 at 4 30 p m in the AWS office Important plans will be discussed —SIMONS Alpha Zeta Pledge meeting at 4 p m Thursday Nov 12 Room 118 AgricultUial Hall —McKEE Delta Rho Rappa Pledging at 7 15 p m Thursday Nov i2 in Room 286 south of South Ballroom in Union —DAVIS Lutheran Students Meet in lounge at south entrance of the 'Union Sunday evening at 7 16 From there we will go in a bodv to the Religious Emphasis Convo in howlei HaU —WALLACE Outing Club Outing Sunday Nov 15 Meet at Women s Gym nt 3 p m Gall Dale Hennis 55614 foi leservationb by Saturday ASME Members wishing to attend m bpection trip of T afnyette Brewery this aft ernoon sign list on lulletm board on second floor Group leaves ME Building at 2 p m
-rhhO^V
Thomas Say Entomolggy Club Meeting tonigh at 7 10 in Room 103 Aft Hall Mr Odeikirk Will speak and show movies Cider and doughnuts free —SKINNER Sigma Delta Chi Peldges Please pay m tiation fee to me on oi before 7 uesday Nov 23 It will bo impossible to initiate anyone until he has paid — HADLEY Sigma Delta Chi Initinlion and banquet Tuosda^y Nov 23 in Union Room and exact time will bo announced Inter —ARMSTRONG Zouaves An exhibition dull hns been scheduled for the High School convention to be luld Ihuisday evening November 10 in th( Unicn All ndtives interostod in par ticipating in tJfe di ill should report to 1 inctiec Thursday November 12 at 4 p m in lh( Armoiy —JACKSON
i CMs^d
mk
Honey to loan on mnnioiulo, 74ftt<ihes, «ttn8, lltggaee typewtiters Alberts ijoan uiilco,
it07 Columbia.
TyBfiwtiters—Adding raaeifine?. all sold, rented, repaired, and purtheaed Mimeograph work done 0 JS Eborabofft 608 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779 Carriers Wanted—Apply at Eaponenl Of lice or phone 3063 Ask for ’Klouman Wanted—Boys to work irt Purdue Unipn Cafeteria Apply Purdue Hrtion Cafeteria iFor Rent—ivooms $10 and apartment Everything furnished Good location JOl State rtPhone 2646
laist—Alpha Chi Omega badge
Phone 5002
iReWard
“YOUNG LADY for ♦full time, or minimum half time, assistant bptSKkeeping position Apply Southworth’s mornings
• DOES YOOH PEN l£AIt? Exper> Repair,SerVicB SOUTHWORTH^S
Try an Exponent Classified!
We Can Replace Any Leime, by Testing a Small Piece oi‘ the Broken Leiihe — QUICK SERVICE — If Glasses, are left in the Morning, They can be Finished by Aftertioon fiERRY MOHLMAN ' ' JEWELRY
fSouthworth's—W Lafayette
434 Main St.—Lafayette
Brown and White
322 MAIN STREET.
LAFAYETTE
"‘S’’
PHOENIK COTTONS
Easy to wear ... a cinch to launder . . . and so stuimiqg with your casual clothes, opofla* wear and good town tweeds! Wear Phoenix Cotton Hosiery and revel in its top-flight fashion. You’ll be practical, and proud of your -thrift! Plain, Clocked or Mesh styles.
1.00 to f 1.35
We Have Blades for the Schick Injector Razor 12 If9 autiiL.
RUmEeOOK&miLY STORE
306-10 $mTE fTREET WEST LAFAYETTE INd