THE WEATHER Forecast for Indian^: Cloudy and colder today. Tomorrow snow, rising temperature.
Purdue Exponent
THORSDAy Febniary 9# 19^ Lafayette, lodicnia VoLSO No. 109
Z-185 /
Complete Arrangements
Officials Plan Big Pep Session For
For Marital Lecture Series
In the wake of the discussion precipitated by yesterday’s editorial in the Exponent, on marriage courses here at the University, announcement has been made of the completion of arrangements for the eighth annual series of marital lectures for seniors by Prof. 0. F. Hall. ,
As in former years, a series of three lectures will be addressed to mixed groups of seniors. These will be followed by individual lectures for senior men and women. The mixed groups will hear about the social, economic, and legal aspects of marriage from persons prominent in their fields. Social Aspects Prof. 0. P. Hall, of the education and applied psychology department will discuss the social aspects of marriage. Economics of the wedded state will be discussed by Prof. J, A. Estey of the history, economics, and government department, and a local judge has been contacted to present the legal side of the discus-
Dr. T, B. Rice of the Indiana University School of Medicine will present the male doctor’s viewpoint of the question and the female doctor’s side will be explained by a woman doctor from Chicago. Lectures are to be presented in I'owler Hall and will begin as soon as the present series of senior lectures is completed. The lectures will be held on Tuesdays at 4 p.m.
W6AA Will Broadcast Purdue-lllini Game Although the Purdue-Illinois basketball game has been a complete sell-out for the past two weeks, radio facilities from many sources have been pooled to offer supporters a chance to follow the progress of the game. Due to the fact that absolutely no tickets are available for the tilt, many persons will not be able to get into the Fieldhouse. Therefore, in addition to the UniA^ersity stations of Purdue, WBAA, and of Illinois, WILL, the Gary station, WIND, will present a play by play description direct from the Fieldhouse. Students Are Urged To Collect Money All students holding receipts of the Student Book Exchange for either unclaimed money or for books must turn these in today between 4 and 6:30 p. m. These receipts may be redeemed at the Student Union oSice, chairman Sully Mason stated last night.
Agriculture Dept. Offers Jobs For Senior Students Are you a senior science student ? Are you looking for a job? The United States Department of Agriculture needs 1,100 junior scientists according to Roy F. Hendrickson, the department’s personnel director. Graduating science students may take the Civil Service examinations for these junior professional positions with a starting salary of $2,000. Application blanks may be obtained by writing the Civil Service Commission, Washington, D. C. and asking for Announcement 18 and Application 8. Applications must be on file in the Commission’s office in Washington by February 27 from states east of Colorado, and March 2 for all other states. Applicants who meet entrance requirements will be notified of the examination place and date. There will be a short general test followed the same day by an examination on any one of the following junior grades—agronomist, bacteriologist, biologist, dairy husbandman, econ(unist, entomologist, home economist, statistician, and physiologist. Hanley Will Discuss European Affairs At Meeting Tonight W. A. Hanley, ME ’ll, now chief engineer for Eli Lilly Company, Indianapolis, will discuss the present condition of European affairs in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7:30 p. m. tonight. Hanley, who was a three year honor graduate of Purdue, and, who has since received an honorary degree of Doctor of Science from the University, has made several trips to Europe in the past few years and is well qualified to discuss the economic and political situations now existing on the continent. Although it is a regularly scheduled meeting of the University student chapter of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the program tonight is open to the public and all students.
"Sons of the Soil’’ was held along with the presentation of nearly 1,100 gold, silver and bronze medals to Indiana’s most outstanding tomato growers in 1938. “Let’s Control ’Em” Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, in discussing “Bugs, Let’s Control ’Em” said that the chance for infestation from the Mexican bean beetle were very good. His suggestion was for the growers to spray their plants, with special care taken to spray on the under side of the leaves. At the afternoon program, speak-
“An old flame never dies.” The old inter-school spirit between Purdue and Illinois is still alive and growing fast. To aid this increment head cheer leader Stubby Meier has arranged for the first pep session of this basketball season to be held tomorrow night at 7:16 p. m. in the Fieldhouse. The public address system that has been in use for the last three games will be used to facilitate the numerous speakers on the program. Noble Kizer will head the list of speakers, and the band will probably be present to help rouse their
spirits.
Future Wesley Players Try Out Tomorrow Night Wesley Players, dramatic fraternity among Methodist students, will hold tryouts for present semester plays tonight at 7 o’clock at the Foundation House, at 435 State street. Two plays will be cast at this time, a one-act play entitled “Mud Walls,” and a three-act play, “St Claudia.” “St. Claudia” will be taken on the road during spring vacation and played each night that week in different churches and cities of eastern Indiana. Senior Dietetic... . . . majors and faculty members of the home economics department are attending a state meeting of the Indiana State Dietetics Association at the Riley Hospital in Indianapolis today. A few of the co-eds and faculty attended the opening dinner and program yesterday night. Students making the trip to Indianapolis are Pearl Jackson, Indianapolis; Ruth Bolyard, Mary Burnell, Helen Trieschman, and Mary Wien, Lafayette'; Marjorie Crick and Marjorie Rose, Fort Wayne; Elaine Fleischer, Palm Beach, Fla.; Charlotte Frederickson, South Sfend; Winifred Gregory, West Lafayette; Louise Irwin, Clarks Hill; Margaret Sauer, Bluffton; Helen Scott, Norman; Eleanor Turner, McConnelsville, 0.; and Marjorie Weiner, Milwaukee, Wis.
Boilermakers Trample Butler Squad In Indoor Meet 67-37
Steve Gutting Ties World's High Hurdle Track Record; Art Bodeau Takes Fast Half-Mile Race
Unique Decorations include Backdrop Of Scroll, Torch, Skull At the Inter-Fraternity Presidents’ Ball tomorrow night, decorations will include a back-drop with the unfurled Scroll, representing the ritualistic work; a Torch of Knowledge on the left side, and on the right side a Skull signifying the Secrecy of the different orders. The background will be in blue. Around the wall will be the crests of the various organizations, Dave Bruback, Union vice-president, in charge of decorations, stated. Charley Agnew, who plays the trumpet, xylophone, and vibraphone, will play for the dance in the Union ballroom, coming directly from a 20 weeks’ engagement at the Merry Garden in Chicago. His orchestra includes 11 pieces, and features a male and female vocalists with a comedy singer. A few tickets are left at fraternity houses and'on sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s, or the Union desk for two dollars. Ping Pong Star To Give Exhibition Saturday Jimmy McClure, of Indianapolis, internationally known table tennis star who at one time or another has held practically every available ritle in the thrilling sport, will provide an exhibition of play for the capacity crowd at the Purdue-Illi-nois basketball game Saturday evening, it was announced today by Noble E. Kizer, athletic director. McClure will provide an exhibition of various types of shots between halves of the game, and immediately following the final gun will play a regulation exhibition
game.
^Bachelor's Desire' Featured In ^This Thing Called Love'
650 Attend 'Sons Of Soil' Banquet; Knight 75 'Sons,' Present 1100 Medal To Growers Climaxing the twelfth annual conference of Indiana Canners, Fieldmen, and Medal Winners was the “Sons of the Soil” banquet held last night in the Ballroom of the Union. The group of 650 was all a jitter as they awaited the arrival of the “4 Pilgrams of the Nile.” The four Pilgrams turned out to be a quartet of negroes from Indianapolis who sang spiritual and comedy numbers. The Lafayette Salvation Army Band provided additional music while the group ate. Initiation of 76 candidates into
ing before the general assembly. Dr. V. R. Gardner, director of the Michigan Agricultural College, said “Many farmers look upon canners as their natural enemies. This is an unfortunate attitude and many times is unjustified.” Other speakers of the afternoon included E. L. Montell, of the Joseph Campbell Company; Dr. J. D. Hartman, horticultural department, Roscoe R. Frazer, extension department, Glenn Smith, ag botany department, Prof. E. C. Stair, horticultural department and Fred Geise American Can Company.
Students desiring to see Playshop forthcoming production “This Thing- Called Love,” should obtain their tickets as soon as possible at Playshop offices in Fowler Hall. The office will be open from 3 to 6 p. m., every afternoon until all the tickets have been reserved. The play, which will be pre°sented February 15, 16, 17, and 18, is modern both in theme and setting. A swift moving script, clever situations, and lively characters mark the whole production. Bachelor’s Desire Plot of the story is based on a bachelor’s simple desire for the comforts of a home without its attendant complications. His desires aggravated by contact with an apparently happily married couple of hi'* acquaintance. Mrs. Mueller Talks On Speaking Charm Charm School students will hear a talk on “Chaim in Speaking” by Mrs. Maiiiet Mueller this afternoon at 4 o’clock m the faculty lounge of the Union. Mrs. Muellqr has received a background of practical experience in the speech field, in working in the motion picture “Beautiful Liar,” and in entertaining audiences here with her play-reading. At present Mrs. Mueller teaches speech at the West Side High School. The chairmen in charge of the meeting, Treva Berry, WSGA, and Catherine Cooley, YWCA, urge all co-eds to be present.
When he meets a very beautiful and, incidentally, very independent young businesswomen who is temporarily on the financial rocks, he inakes a very businesslike arrangement to be married. He hires her to marry him and keep house. Love Steps In Both go their separate ways and everything proceeds very smoothly until love steps in. As always, this is where the trouble begins. The whirlwind conclusion is in keeping with the tempo of the play. Marked by a long and successful run at the Maxine Elliott Theatre in New York, the play makes excellent use of the sparkling wit and dramatic suspense of the pen of Elmund Burke. Women's Club To Give Party Honoring Elliott Purdue Women’s Club will hold a dinner, dance, and card party in honor of the return of President E. C. Elliott, iji the Union Monday night. The dinner will take place at 7 o’clock and will be followed by a dance in the Union ballroom at nine. At nine there will also be a card party in the faculty lounge and a program of classical music in the Union music room. At the dinner there will be among other features, an address by Mrs. A. P. Stewart an(l music by the club’s ensemble. Members are urged to attend the dance even if they are unable to attend the dinner.
By Robert J. Deckard
With the brilliant running of Riveter hurdler Steve Gutting, who tied the world’s high hurdle track record, a Boilermaker track squad trampled Butler’s Bulldogs at an indoor meet last night in the Fieldhouse by a score of 67 to 37. Southworth, Butler distance ace, won individual honors during the meet by decisively out-distancing his entire opposition in the mile and two mile running events.
Gutting, senior letterman, stepped into an early lead via the high hurdles, skimmed over the barriers in perfect form, nosed out Butler’s Marshall by one yard in :07.4 seconds, and tied the current world and
Fieldhouse indoor record. Sweep Field Events
Purdue garnered seven out of the 12 possible first events and swept all places in the pole vault and shot put. Weber, Riveter shot-putter, tossed the 16-pound weight 44 feet
and five inches.
After Butler’s Stewart had taken over the lead in the 440-yard dash and led for three-quarters of the distance. Boilermaker red - heads, Shackleton and Luther, broke around the last turn, overtook the fading pace-setter, and broke the in the half-mile and won in a time (Continued on page 3) Symphonic Band Making Plans For Concert Tour The University Symphonic Band is completing arrangements for a series of out-of-town concerts to be played in the near future. Plans are already completed to take the 80-piece symphonic band to Windfall, Sunday, March 12, for an aft-
ernoon concert.
Director P. S. Emrick at present ’s negotiating with several high schools and other civic organizations to sponsor concerts in some of the larger cities of the state. Included in the possibilities presented by these negotiations is the chance that the band may be engaged to play at the State Fair next fall. As yet, the date has not been set for the annual Lafayette concert, under the sponsorship of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce.
Kiwanis Club Heads Will Meet Saturday Opening with luncheon at 12 noon, the second annual Kiwanis Vocational Guidance Conference vnll convene here Saturday, for the purpose of developing more effective vocational guidance programs through cooperation with the pub-
lic schools.
Saturday afternoon conference period will see committees and officers from 76 Kiwanis Clubs of the state divided into four groups for the discussion of the various phases and problems of vocational
guidance.
Kiwanis District Governor Connor Salm, of Madison; Lieutenant Governor Roy S. Buckman of Nappanee, and C. R. Young of Frankfort will give short reports on outstanding activities in the guidance
field.
'Red' Maxwell To Play For Mixer , “Red” Maxwell and his Umvei--sity of Illinois band will play for the regular Union mixer Saturday night from nine until midnight. This is the first appearance of this band on the Purdue campus. Maxwell and his boys are reported 10 be very popular on the Illinois campus. Student Union officials stated.
Templeton Thrills Convo With Witty Improvisions By C. M. McEeighen After holding the rapt attention of a capacity audience of students, staff members, and townspeople through a brilliant array of classical selections, Alec Templeton, blind Welsh pianist, literally brought down the house with his witty improvisations and the playing of his impressions of the ways in which great composers, both old and new, would have handled various themes.
The first and formal part of Templeton’s recital, which was the last half of his two-night convocation engagement at Purdue, was composed of selections fyom the works of Bach, Mozart, Beethoven, Chopin, Lecuona, Ravel, Debussy, and for an encore, “Liebestraum.” Nowhere in this part of the program was Templeton’s supreme mastei-y of the keyboard more apparent than in the Presto Agitato movement of Beethoven’s “Moonlight Sonata.” Informal Selections ' After the intermission, the artist informed the'audience that the rest of the program would be of an informal nature, and it certainly was! Starting with his own modern composition, “Lavender Blues,” Templeton turned to improvication, using five notes chosen at random by the audience, and building them into a complete musical theme. He then played this theme in the manner of Bach, Chopin, Strauss, Gershwin, and Mozart.
For the conclusion of his recital, the talented Welshman displayed his amazingly complete knowledge of musical niunbers by combining in a bewildering array of melody, Ravel’s “Bolero,” “Hail Purdue,” “Old Black Joe,” and “Alexander’s Ragtime Band.” A tremendous ova-^ tion from the audience brought' forth another such combination, this time “In the Hall of the Mountain King,” Rachmaninoff’s “Pi-elude in C Sharp Minor,” Sibelius’ tone poem “Finlandia,” “Deep Purple,” and the “Flat Foot Ploogie!” A great many students are of the opinion that last night’s convocation was one of the most successful ever held at Purdue, and are eagerly looking forward to the time when the new Music Hall will provide better accommodations for such brilliant performers as Alee Templeton, as well as a more comfortable and spacious seating arrangement for the audience.£dihydaL An Open Letter To Arch Ward February 9, 1939 Arch Ward, Sports Editor The Chicago Tribune, Chicago, Illinois Dear Arch: During Purdue’s basketball game with Wisconsin Monday night many of the University students were unpardonably discourteous to you. We, as representatives the major athletic teams, the athletic booster clubs, and the general student body, wish to express our apologies for this inhospitable conduct. We also want to tell you that the hostile and silly demonstration was very definitely disapproved by the majority of the students. After the game the fans were disgusted and surprised that such a thing could happen. Many openly stated heated opinions in regard to the rude and thoughtless gesture of their fellow students. Others wished something could be done about it and asked us to express their feelings. Unfortunately booing seems to have become an unholy habit with Purdue fans. The student body is quick to razz an official on a close decision, delights in booing the opposing team for apparent dirty playing—^but usually is just as quick to praise an opponent’s brilliant playing. Monday night, however, was the first time the booing ever exended beyond the limits of the playing fioor. We firmly believe that scattered troublemakers started the insult that night. Others, startled by the unexpected announcement, allowed mob psychology to prevail, and the harm was done. Some people we talked with afterwards admitted they had not even known why they were booing. As a guest of the University and of Athletic Director Noble Kizer you deserved our fullest welcome and our sincerest hospitality. For our atrocious actions and unfair demonstration we can only apologize and hope to convince you that the attitude shown between halves of the game is directly opposed to the true feeling of the Purdue faculty and student body. Sincerely yours. Gene Anderson Capt., Basketball team Joe Mihal Paul Humphrey Co-capt., Football team
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Deiivered localiy by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription 88.60. Editor-In-Chief. H. I. Stunback Business Manager — R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors... G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houstc^ R. E. Insley, W. A. &oeplln, D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Badness Manager Jf. C. Beeves Local Advertising Manager. E. M. Antonin! Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager. .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager.— .W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor— Sally McKee Associate Editors^., Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. L. McDonald Associate Editors .J. A. Hebbeler, K Jenkins, B. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Boom D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 nePRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHicASO ’ Bosron ■ Los Ahseles - san Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AB opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials ara written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Krocplin Issue Editor Thursday, February 9, 1939
As a regular feature of this column we are going to choose a student “Sucker Of The Week.” BOB FORKNER, Phi Sig president, gets the honor this week for his faithful but hopeless trailing after GERRY BUHRKE. We wonder what MARGE SEIBERT, Theta flash, was doing on the second floor of Cary Hall. We ran across a picture of her the other day which showed her leaning out the window with HAROLD TODD prominently in the background. SEIBERT claims she was there for a Sunday dinner, but the girls don’t usually wear shirts to a Sunday dinner. The gals surely are pushing rush
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT.
to the Editor
Letters accepted for publication in this column must be accompanied by the writer’s signature and should be limited to 160 worib in length.
WELL, I’LL BE D-
To the Editor: Yes, that is exactly how I feel. I’ve just come from the Lafayette where I saw the play “Idiot’s Delight” TWICE. Still thinking about the most vivid plea for peace I have seen or read up to date, I read “Cinema Cues.” Never before have I been stirred to the point where I inflict my views on the press, so even now, as indignant as I am, I don’t care whether you print this or not. At least I’ll have the satisfaction of knowing that someone has read just how I feel.
So the author of “Cinema Cues” thought the show cheap and tawdry. What’s wrong? And to think that a college junior considers an unimportant hoofing scene the big highlight of the movie. Where was Miss W. when Irene accused Achille ? Or how about the scene where two people show supreme courage m the face of death? I sincerely hope that she didn’t take time out at either place to powder her nose. Perhaps Miss W’s feelings are as they were because she wants to uphold Miss Fontaine against Norma Shearer. I was not so fortunate as to see the stage version, however, Norma Shearer has orchids from me for an excellent performance. But what I really would like to know is, what in heaven’s name prompted Miss W. to write the col-
LUMA TODAY-FRIDAY and SATURDAY
Carl Swan Pres., Gimlet Club Bob Jacks Pres., Reamer Club Mary Cooley Pres., Gold Peppers Gordon Matthews Pres., Student Union Gerald Elliott l^res.. Student Senate Harris Stanback Editor, Exponent.
umn as she did? I’m stumped and still disgusted. L. C. G., ’41.
— and ■
WIPING OUT RACKETEERS'
I Hi THE BOSS! Ruthless tyrant...he ruled a racketeer world but he couldn’t rule love I
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE And for th» girl it a}} happens at once!
GIRL
wtili
CLAIRE TREVOR DONALD WOODS ALAN DINEHARl ALAN BAXTER ■ plus —- A Criminal Lawyer More Criminal Than Lawyer! I STAND Accused ■— with — ROBERT CUMMINGS HELEN MACK-—LYLE TALBOT
2 FIRST RUN HITS
HENRY ARTHUR JOAN VALERIE HENRY ARMETTA TOM BECK I BILL ROBINSON —- PLUS —
BLAZfNO THRfLLS % ROARING RHYTHMS I
TODAY - - FRIDAY
"NURSES CAN ALWAYS MARRY .,. because they meet strong men when they’re weak!' Romantic secrets of the girls who hold your hand! Now the screen brings you their hopes, their heart-aches, their drama ... in a thrilling behind-the-scenes story of a woman's world I
with
FLORENCE RICE UNA MERKEL MARY HOWARD ANN RUTHERFORD and ALAN MARSHAL KENT BUDDY JESSIE TAYLOR • EBSEN • RALPH
UffifMEIU FODty - m.. SAT.
mtnre Srndleste
‘Don’t you find it awfully monotonous doing nothing in school ail day?”
gJOHN KING . WILLIAM LUNDIGAN ^CONSTANCE MOORE • LARRY BLAKE I. FARRELL MacDONALD . DAVID OUVBR A NEW UNIVERSAL PICTURE — ALSO —
this semester. Kappas seem to have rented three Sweet Shoppe Booths The Grill was so full last night we couldn’t get in to take a look about.
CHARLOTTE SEBAST was surprised in more ways than one^ the other night when she received an orchid box from JOHN STAFFORD. Charlotte was generously going to share the surprise with the rest of her sisters at dinner. Her second big surprise came when she discovered not an orchid—^but two walnuts. BOB SCHORNSTHEIMER will
place his lips up against those of the first co-ed he sees after 12:45 p. m. Friday. BOB is a Pi Kappa Alpha Innior who lost a scholastic bet with MAX BEIER. Here’s your chance, gals. The place—Heavilon Hall. He kissed her on her ruby lips. It was a harmless frolic. But though he kissed her only once. He died of painter’s colic. ODE TO THE FRESHMEN: He sits on the cushion because he feels, It’s the best thing to do until it heals.
Right OR Wrong? A 2-mirBute test for telephone users
1. The Bell System handles about 48,000 telephone calls per minute, on the average. , RIGHT □ WRONG Q
2. One of the first uses of vacuum tubes was in telephony — years before commercial radio telephony. RIGHT □ WRONG □
3. The largest telephone cable used by the Bell System contains 2424 wires. RIGHT □ WRONG □
4. The Bell System employs about as many people as live in the city of Dayton, Ohio. RIGHT □ WRONG □
yy\iM 4.1.11*!Y M. W“MllWY
%
If--1^** (^.1
Hi
Fill
5. This is part of a page taken from a telephone directory published in the United States. RIGHT □ WRONG Q
I
8*-
6. Lowest rates to most out-of-town, points are available every night after 7 P. M. and all day Sunday. RIGHT □ WRONG □
iMZ ^-3“ 4|!’« ll"'
III ^.9 ^ m
§■3
W ll
Pwj© "*■ fl © J.2® 4#’ClN
ii
1^ III .auj l§l
■St) 2 P S M PI a« [E|>.0 .SPgl
4LEPIIOIVE SYSTEMV
V r-v j.
».j
thuraday, February 9,1939
THE PURDUE
Spo^
EXPONENT
MjddaJik
^hoksL By Bruce Witwer Purdue’s track team performed up to and beyond expectations last night in outpointing Butler . . . some of'the events saw Purdue men taking part who have not practiced the event yet this season . . . Gutting running the low hurdles for instance and taking second when he has been working out over the high timbers so far this year.
—^fc—
After this initial baptism to competition, Indiana comes here next Tuesday to really put the heat on the Boilermakers .. although about 19 of 54 trackmen are ineligible, appearances still indicate a team which will work up into high class material all of the way around. ' —^£c— Monday night’s basketball game gave the referees a real workout as they handed out 38 fouls to the two teams ... the usual game total runs about 18 . . . Purdue worried Wisconsin into giving them 24 shots and making 17 of them, while the Badgers made 7 out of 14.
—^fc—
All of you time and motion experts who want to practice can get it up at the Fieldhouse watching the University crew take the basketball bleachers up and down . . . they were up for the Wisconsin contest, down for the track meet last night, will go up again for the Illi-
Boilermaker Golden
Boilermakers, With Eight Games To Play, Will Face Four Opponents Within Ten Days Four games within ten days, three of them on the road, comprise the arduous assignment for Purdue’s colorful basketball combination which pulled up into the first division in the Big Ten race by virtue of its victory over Wisconsin last Monday night.
Gloves Squad Wins Bouts
Five Riveters Knock Out, Three Decision Opponents In Tourney At Lafayette Fights
Intramural Schedule
The Boilermakers, stalemated for three weeks by mid-semester examinations, must close with a big rush if they can hope to come even within striking distance of the current pace-setters, most of whom have already passed the halfway mark in the championship chase. Eight To Play The Riveters, with eight games still remaining on the conference schedule, will meet Illinois here on Saturday night in the first tilt of a home and home series before taking to the road for a single encounter with Minnesota and return contests with Wisconsin and Illinois. The opening tilt of the Illinois series before a “sell-out” crowd on
nois game Saturday night, and will come down again for the Indiana track meet on Tuesday . . . somebody ought to get ingenious and invent some collapsible seats.
Saturday night may easily be the turning point for Purdue in its effort to gain a hold well up in the first division. The Illini have long been a tough hardwood foe for the Boilermakers and last year were responsible for one of the two defeats suffered by the undisputed championship combination. The long trek to Minneapolis to meet Minnesota on Monday will be equally important to Boilermaker hopes, for the Gophers will be battling to retain their status as title favorites after an upset at hands of Ohio State.
PERSONNEL NOTES The Katherine Gibbs Schools (secretarial) announces two national scholarships consisting of full tuition in any one of the three Katherine Gibbs Schools (New York, Boston, and Providence) for one year and in addition a cash award of $300. Students regularly enrolled m a college of senior grade or in a university are qualified to make application. Awards will be based upon high merit in scholarship and excellence of personal and character qualifications. The financial need of a student may be a determining factor. Consideration will be given only to those students whose proven ability and sincere interest mark them as most likely to succeed in a business career. Applications must be completed and filed not later than April 1. Application blanks may be secured at the Placement Service for Women.
Today Couit 1—Aronson I 00—Alpha Gamma Rho vs Delta Upsilon
(A)
7:15—Phi Kappa Tau vs Delta Chi 8 26—Alpha Tau Omega vs Tau Epsilon
Phi
?.40—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Theta Xi. Couit T—J. Kurtz. 7 ’00—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Beta Theta Pi.
(A)
7 .16—Cary Hall 2 vs Ward 6. (A) 8 26—^Triangle xs Theta Chi. 8 40—Phi Pi Phi vs Phi Kappa Court 3—C W Mann 7:00—^Theta Tau vs Pi Kappa Alpha 7 '16—Phi Kappa Psi vs Sigma Alpha Mu. 8.26—Ward 2A vs. Ward 13. (A) 8.40—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Delta Upsilon Court 4—P G Witsman 7 ‘00—Delta Tau Delta vs Beta Sigma Psi. 7:16—Kappa Sigma vs Phi Gamma Delta 8 25—Sigma Pi vs Sigma Chi. 8 40—Sigma Nu vs Tau Kappa Epsilon
Track Team Whips(Continued from page 1) ^ tape in the order of one, two. Captain Art Bodeau set the pace of 1:59.4, Tycocki of Purdue leaped 22 feet, 5% inches to wm the broad jump. Relay Team Wins A mile-relay combination composed of Simmons, Wente, Luther, and Shackleton, decisively ran away with the event and won handily m a time of 3:36, The summary: One Mile Run—Won by Southworth, Butler , Holderman, Purdue, second, Knapp, Purdue, third Time, 4:17 4. Shot Put—^Won by Weber, Purdue, Kessler, Purdue, second, Vergane, Purdue, third. Distance, 44 ft, 6 in High Jump—Reno and Marshall, Butler, tied for first, Menke and Witt, Purdue, tied for third Height, 6 ft, 10 in 66 Yard Dash—Won by Gardwood, Butler , Tykocki, Purdue, second, Wadleigh, Purdue, third Time, 06 8. Pole Vault—Hibbs, Horton, and Edwards, Purdue, tied for first Height, 10 ft., 8 in. 440 Yard Dash—Won by Shackleton, Purdue; Luther, Purdue, second; Stewart, Butler, third. Time, .62 2 60 Yard High Hurdles—Won by Gutting, Purdue, Marshall, Butler, second, Elkins, Butler, third Time, -07 ) (Equals world’s indoor record on diit runway) Two Mile Run—Won by Southworth, Butlei , Knapp, Purdue, second , Reeves, Purdue, third Time, 10 14 5. Half Mile Run—Won by Bodeau, Purdue, Holderman, Purdue, second, Pox, Butler, third Time, 1-69.4 60 Yard Low Hurdles—Won by Marshall, Butler, Gutting, Purdue, second; Tykocki, Purdue, third. Time, -07 2 Broad Jump—Tykocka, Purdue , Marshall, Butler, Denzley, Purdue. Distance, 22 ft. 6% in One Mile Relay—Won by Puidue (Simmons, Wente, Luther, Shackleton) ; Butler, second Time, 3 36
Truly a Work of Art Whether you are a lover of art or not you will appreciate the fine flavor of our delicious cakes. Every one is a masterpiece of the baker’s art. Graves quality Bakery
124 State, W. L.
Phone 3852
£jajtL
One of the big dances of the year. Let us give you suggestions on your corsage. You’ll be pleased to no end with the way we serve you, yet you pay nothing extra for the special attention. Orchids Gardenias Rqscs ! Violets Irises
7955-8050
ROTH'S Luna Theatre Building 635 Main St.
Fighting for their first time in the Golden Gloves bouts of 1939 in the Lafayette Armory last night, seven Boilermaker boxers weathered the storm of potential champions and came
out unscarred and unbeaten. Gerald Morson, 135-pound Boilermaker, knocked out Leon Blanton, Attica, and John Pyle in the same fight weight kayoed Wajfne Wurtsbaugh, Williamsport, in the first round after a quick flurry of blows. Billy Bradley, in the 135-pound class, won a decision over Oon Everman, Frankfort, in a fight which featured good footwork and accu-
rate right-hand blows. Bacharach Knocked Down
In the 118-pound class, John Threlfall, Purdue, outpointed Kenneth Sutherlin, Lafayette. Kenneth Mullholland, Purdue, was awarded a decision over Howard Smith, of
Attica.
Steve Bachaiach, Purdue 160pounder, after being knocked down, came back and knocked out Tom McCall, Lafayette CCC, in the second period. Paul Keffaber, ni the 160-pound class, kayoed Harry Aigle, Logansport, and Joe Benna, in the same weight, dropped Carl Lee, Loganspoit, m the first round.
WAA News
Ten picked men from the freshman basketball squad will .demonstrate to WAA members, outstanding plays and important rules of the game at the WAA mass meeting this afternoon in the Women's Gymnasium. The meeting, under the chairmanship of Mary Ann Rie-
man, will start at 4 p. m.
Applications for girls who wish to be on the WAA council for next year will be passed out at the meeting. Approaching elections and the qualification for voting will be con-
sideied and discussed.
Programs of mixed recreation is to begin on Friday night at 7:30 in the Women’s Gym. Volley ball, badminton, deck tennis and shuffleboard may be enjoyed by co-eds and their dates. If these programs of mixed recreation, sponsored by the Purdue Sportswomen are successful, swimming will also be offered.
Union College is organizing a conference on industry and government to be held April 17.
Cornell University is conducting research into the methods of training vocational education teachers.
Anderson Returns To Previous Form; Nucleus Of Title Defending Net Squad A great pait of Pui due’s hope of becoifiing a leal factoi in the current Big Ten basketball race is based on the return of Capt. Gene Anderson, biilliant all-round center, to the physical form that made him a unanimous choice for all-confei ence honois as a member of last year’s tmdisputed championship combination. Anderson, who was shelved before the Southern California game by a leg injury, gave every indication in the second semester opener against Wisconsin that he is once again his nimble self, which provides good news for Purdue and bad news for the Boilermakers’ remaining opponents. Rates With Best The Boilermaker leader, a tireless performer with 175 pounds of highly educated basketball poundage well distributed over a six-foot iivo-inch frame, is anything but a specialist, for he is one of those hardwood rarities who does everything well. Basketball fans of the Hoosier state, who have seen a great parade of stars in action, speak of Anderson in the same breath with Johnny Wooden, former Purdue ace and “Fuzzy” Vandivier, former star
of the Franklin Wonder Five, not to mention other hardwood greats. Although a brilliant player in his own right, perhaps his greatest foite IS his uncanny ability in ballhandling which makes him the main spring in the Purdue attack. On fast breaks under the basket, Anderson flips the ball on accurate, split-second timed passes to his mates with all the deftness of a sleight-of-hand performer. Anderson “It” As far as floorwork is concerned, Anderson is without a peer. He seems to have the ability to anticipate the opposition’s movements, and frequently his long aims reach out at the last moment to intercept the ball and start a typical Boilermaker fast break down the floor. As Anderson goes, so may Purdue.
look! A LOW COST PORTABLE TYPEWRITERi With every BSSENTWI"UB" Model Standard Keyboard. All esHa sential controls Back Spacer, Ratchet Release, Paper Bail. Fast! Sturdy! Easy terms
ROYAL PORTABLE
DECKER'S
518-520 Main St.
Phone 64771
3baxL ddidu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, February 9,1939
University Club Bowling Classified (Week Ending Feb. 3) BLACK LEAGUE STANDINGS Ads General Engr. 8 1 Chenustry -8 1 MISCELLANEOUS Civil Engr 7 2 TYPEWRITERS—All make*, •tandard rta;,.-,, A ^ *»d portable, Bold, purchaaed, rented, and repaired. New portable machinea a* low Ag. Cheni. II 4 5 as $29.76. Supplle*. G. F. Eberabofl, 606 _ ,. on Main street. Poultry -3 o TPIont ■Porrv 'I A WANTED-—Student bundle laundry. ReaJtiiec . rji g sonable prices. Includes mending. Dial Gen. Stores 3 6 41062. Executive II 2 7 wanted—Outsiders’ ticket to Illinois Chem.Engr.il 1 8 same. Call G. M. 2390. GIRL WANTED—Swing fan for date to High Scores for the Week Lunceford mixer Feb. 18. Call Bob Reed TT • 1 ■ j • • j 1 3904. Side-burns removed on request. High individual games; De Bruler 234 insist on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest. Phone 3028. Kemmer 230 ■ 210 ROOMS FOR RENT Culp 210 Owen 197 for RENT—Double front room. Single High individual set: beds. Men students. '127 Waldron' St. Kemmer ...566 single room with board. 428 N. Grant High team game: Across from shops. Mrs. Kepner. Gen. Engr. : .....831 FOR RENT—Desirable single and double ~ o j. room, $12. Garage. 424 N. Salisbury St. High Team Set: floi-i TTiio-v 9:178 ROOM for three students. Study room, txen. Kitchen privileges. Phone 4988. GOLD LEAGUE STANDINGS : W L LOST AND FOUND Chem. Engr. I 8 1 A„ ■R'-r,—. 7 0 LOST—Brown leather zipper book satchel. g. iig . - I Name Monte Carpenter on.side. Call T. .D. Animal Hubs :.,5 4 Carpenter, 8433. Reward. Biology ............5 4 — ' — Executive III 6 4 FOR SALE ....5 4 for SALE—Radio-phonograph combinaAg. Chem. I 1 .....3 6 tions, new and used. Terms. Call Hamilton Jt. Hgwy. Res. Pro.,^ .......3 6 Entomology .....2 7 .. Executive I 2 7 ^ , High Scores for the Week High individual games; . Mackey.. 210 Activities Bureau Sophomores: The new onri committees are as follows: iViOOie ... — ZUU Jorgeson’s—Elizabeth Fusett, Genevieve Plvaitr Houser, Dorothy Kolar, R. W. Bass, W. ^ Brookman, R. J. Kotfila, B. H. Morgan, and Lehker .-.192 B. Ralston. „ ior> Lutz’s—Dorothy Andrew, Caroline Shaw, oeaton — ley j Barlow, A. Beddoe, W. D. Gipe, J. T. High individual set.: Moore, and W. E Musser. ® Smith s—Dorothy Ellsi Warene Hoover, Mackey 568 Martha Pabst, J. Hays, J. N. Lemon, R-. High team game: W.^Rlmdenhamel, W. S. Siljander, and J. Exec. Ill glO Brener’s—Betty Jane Darr, Joanne Geer, Lois Voelkel, R; D. Applegate, R. Brody, High team set: H. Feld, and G. B. Kirkpatrick. T ooor The above are to report to the office C.nem. LrUgl. I ....zJrf/I Friday, February lO, at 4 p. m. —JACOBSON.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Wesley Foundation: Regular Friday evening party, February 10, at 7 p. m. —HOOVER.
Activities Bureau Sophomores: "Will the
ALLE
sen##! m l^iVCI LEAR\ TO DANCE CORRECTLY BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS Wednesday, Feb. 22, 7 :30 p. ni. ADVANCED CLASS OPENS ^Thursday, Feb. 23, 7:30 p. m. ENROLL NOW
PHONE 2150
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Bookstores
• Locksmith
''DEAC' Everything for « College Education H. G. REISNER
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W, L.
• Professional
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac"essories and repairing. MULHAUPrs 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Jewelers
• Printing
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
SERVICE P^RINTING Office Stationery . . ^ 1 li/eddins Invitationt 7 ■ Seles Booki, Etc; 7 c 7 CASSEL'S 408 FERRV
• Dine
fRANK'S PLACE Try Those Good Tenderloins QUICK SERVICE ALWAYS OPEN 1 11 Vine St. West Lafayette
lollowing report to the office Thursday, February 9, at 4 p. m.: Lela Gabler, Marjorie Moore, Bette Smith, J. E. Hamilton, C. F. Martin, W. Rehm, P. E. Wilson, and J. W. Wise. —JACOBSON.
Activities Bureau Sophomores: Any sophomore whether listed in the new committees or not, having questions concerning new assignments see me at once. (2-13) —JACOBSON.
Gimlet: Dinner meeting at the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house Tuesday, February 14, at 6:45 p. m. All members are requested to be present. —SWAN. WAA Volleyball: Game tonight, February 9, after mass meeting. Seniors vs. Sophomores, Juniors vs. Freshmen. —SWIGK.
Recreational Swimming: For women at 7 :S0 tonight, February 9. Instruction if desired. ' —YEATER.
Wesley Players Tryouts: Thursday, February 9, at 7 p. m. at. the Wesley Foundation House, 435 State St. —WHINERY.
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Meeting Thursday, Febi'uary 9, at 7:30 in room 103 of Agriculture Hall. —KNAPP. WAA Deck Tennis: The schedule for the deck tennis tournament has been posted on the bulletin board in the women’s gym. Matches should be played off as soon as possible. (2-11) —WALKER. WSGA Executive Board: Meeting at 7 :1B in office, Thursday, February 9. —BEAMING. Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Squires in the Engineer office at ,4 p. m., Thursday, February 9: Lantz, Martinek, Layson, McClintock, Freeman, Lawler, Ruth, Leckie, Stephenson, SHankland, and Gale. —CATTERALL.
Riding Cliib: Meeting at 7:30 p. m., Thursday, February 9, in room F of the Union. , ) —SUMMERS.
Activities Movie Photograph: Meeting in reception room of ^he Union at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 9. —LUTZ. Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the second •semester registration and turned in their time promptly, may get their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. (2-15) —STONE.
Exponent Sophomore Co-eds: Will the following attend the Saturday meeting, February 11, or report absences before the meeting: Butz, Briscoe, Burtsfield, Carroll, Densford, Fink, Johnson, Miller, Pickering, Short, Simpson, Schlitter,. Sebast, and Totten. > . . —McKEE.
Co-ed Exponent Staff: There will be an important meeting Saturday afternoon, February 11, at 2 o’clock in room E of the Union. All freshmen who have worked this fall and want to continue, please be present or report absences to me. —McKEE.
WAA Riflery: There will be riflery Thursday February 9, with the following shooting: 6:15 Pedalion; 7:00 Chi Omega; 7:45 Kappa Alpha Theta ; 8 :30 make up! Riflery
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.4.5 and Skis J. SPERB 822 Main
Fellows . ♦ . Here’s the Best Shirt Investment You Could Possibly Make!
“SINCERE” Shirts for Men Shown in broadcloths, woven cloths and prints. They are full cut—good fitting—and come in assorted sleeve lengths. Sizes 14 to 19—with Trubenized collar $[40 : ^ THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622-626 Main Street
will continue on same schedule'next week. There will be plenty of time for make up. —SMITH.
Thursday, February 9, at ,7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Compulsory attendance, —FISHLBIGH.
Military Juniors; Battery athletic officers report to Captain Beckley in the Armory at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 9, to direct elimination bouts of military boxing tournament. —BECKLEY.
Military Freshman: Entries for the military boxing tournament in all weights will report to the Armory at 4 p. m. on Thurs-r day, February 9, for elimination bouts, —BECKLEY, WSGA Executive Board: Meeting at 7:15 p. m. in the WSGA office Thursday, February 9, —BEAMING,
WAA Volley Ball: Teams were chosen Friday, February 8. Members of the teams are as follows: Freshman, Martha Kennedy, Lucy Judge, Carolyn Smith, Joan Modisett, KaUierlne Ade, Mary Smith, Bonnie Cox, Frances Jones, Dorothy Housekeeper, Esther Kirkhoff, Eleanor Harrison, Sophomores, Betty Smith, Katherine Himes,
Doro'thy Holden; Janet Greger, Eileen 'Vl^stover, Lois Heiser, Marie Butz, Ruth Swift, . June Spry, JSne Stickler. Juniors, Jan'e Herschman, Leora Mermelstein, MariettA Johnson, Betty Spears, Janet MoDougall, Margorie Hoover, Martha Schroder, Mary Clymer. Seniors, Mary Helen Miller, Flora Holt, Martha Whitehead, Pauline Swick, Doris Peterson, Amy Perry, Janet Shaffer, Ruth Wiley, Katherine Merritt, Virginia Blank, Elizabeth Maier. —SWICK.
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 8 p. m. Thursday, February 9. —ZIMMER.
Scrivener: Meeting Thursday, February 9, at 7:30 p. m. at 125 W. Lutz Ave. Election of secretary. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
PA Systems: Bids are being considered_ for systems to be used at PIA tea dances. See me at PIA office after 4 :30 for conditions. No bids accepted after Thursday, February 9, 6:30 p. m. —FOWLER.
English Department Students: Make-up examination in English will be given in' room 101 of the Education Building on March 18 at 1 o’clock. —CREEK.
English Department Students: Department of English is to have tutoring classes for those students who received C’s because of theme writing. Students with such conditions will please report to room 109 University Hall on' Friday, February 10, at 5 p. ra. to arrange schedule. —SCHMIDT. LOWE.
WAA Members: Mass meeting Thursday, February 9, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Basketball demonstration by “Dutch” Fehring. All WAA members are urg^ to attend. —RElMANN.
Society of Automotive Engineers: Meeting Friday, February 10, in room 3, Mechanical Building, at 4 p. m. Election of officers. —LUTHER.
Student Senate: Meeting will be held Thursday, February 9, at 7 :30 p. m. in the reception room. Newly elected freshmen senators are to attend. —ELLIOTT.
ASCE: All members interested in attending the annual meeting of the Indiana Engineering Council at Indianapolis Saturday, February 11, please contact me at once. Transporation will be provided, and we will return in time for the basketball game that evening. —AHRENS.
PEW 59: Rehearsal for demonstration
Student Supplies Post No. 630 Drawing Instruments, value $27.95, set- 1.19 Drawing Board 20" x 26"...y 1.19 Slide Rule, $1.49 value.. 1.19 Venus Pencils .09 One Piece Thumb Tacks, box .09 60-30 Triangle, was $0.59 .39 Purdue Special Boxwood Scale, was $0.65 .45 Scotch Tape,'10 yards .25 Higgins or Keco Ink, bottle....................:. .23 SEARS ROEBUCK & COMPANY
3rd and South Sts.
Lafayette, Ind.
^ 1
The Friend of Every Shirt We don’t like to brag about the extra fine service and laundering that we give every single man’s shirt, but it’s a special fact. And we have noticed that the men who use our service always look fresher, neater and better groomed. What we’d really like to do is leave the decision up to you. Just send us your shirts for a month or so . . . then look back and reflect a bit . . . we guarantee you’ll be happier about the whole thing!
[Lflsifjgay F I N E C L E A'N E R S OF FINE C L O T H *E S OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
^oast
to cyLoueli
medS
ADD TO HER GLAMOUR AT THE INTER-FRATERNITY BALL BY SENDING HER A
■Stuiecl Cc
ordaa
e
Corsages, arranged to fit the personality, will to the charm of your date. We have a wide selection. Stop in or phone at your convenience and leave your order. -
527 Main
Qo.
Phong 5432