r vt
%
(JhE Pursue TSxaanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVm
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, MARCH 18,1937
NUMBER 118
EARHART STARTS ON WORLD FUGHT
Todd To Speak At Meeting Of Sigma Delta Chi Tonight
Joseph Todd, of the Indianapolis Engraving Company, will address the local chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, journalistic honorary, tonight, at 7:30 o’clock in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building, speaking on “Photo-engraving.” Cliff Hardin, president of the organization, states that it will be an open meeting and everyone interested is welcome to attend. Members of the organization will give an informal dinner in honor of Todd at 6:30 this evening. Engraver Todd, who is sales representative for his company, has spent ma^y years in the engraving business. His present position centers around the engraving done for college yearbooks in this state. He advises editors on what they shouldn’t do, and makes numerous suggestions of ideas that can be used in annuals. He has been given the Debris contract fo/ the last six years. Todd graduated from Indiana University in 1926. He was very active on the campus, as he was student comptroller of all campus publicity, as well as a worker on the student yearbook.
Choir To Sing Stabat Mater
“Stabat Mater,” a difiicult oratorio by G. Rossini will be presented at the Easter Convocation for Worship by the University choir in Eliza Fowler Hall Tuesday evening, at 8 o’clock. The University orchestra, of 35 pieces, under the direction of R. A. Phillips, student director, will assist the choir in the presentation of the oratorio. Six Soloists Six soloists, Paul ‘VV^cester, tenor; Wendell Compton, baritone; John Brubaker, baritone; Charlotte Stewart, soprano, and Arsene Summers, alto; Mardis Compton, tenor; will appear during the nine numbers that make up the program.
Fong To Lecture Tonight Y. K. Fong, of Canton, c/hina, a junior in the school of electrical engineering, will speak on, “The Educational System In China Before The Republic,” this evening at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Memorial Union Building. This is the first of a series oftalks and discussions on other l^nds before the adult education group and is open to the general public.
PENALTY DATES
During the present semester there are two penalty dutes. They are from noon March 26 to noon March 27 and April 5. These days represent the 24hour periods before and after the Spring Recess. M. L. FISHER. Dean of Men.
Large Crowd Sees Takeoff From Muddy Landing Field
Amelia Ear hart Tells Her Own Story Of Flight Preparations Before Early Takeoff
(Editor’s Note: Here is Amelia Earhart’s own story of her proposed trip around the world, written shortly before her takeoff yesterday).
By Amelia Earhart Oakland, Calif., March 17.—(Special)—Weather permitting, within an hour I hope to shove off in my Lockheed Electra in an attempt to cross the Pacific from east to west. If all goes well on that attempt I hope to. continue westward until I return to my starting point in these United States. While such a journey would actually constitute a round-the-world flight, still I find myself thinking of it as made up of three or four separate parts, each to be accomplished by and for itself. Proposed Route My proposed roflte from Oakland is to Honolulu, thence to Port Darwin in northern Australia, via New Guinea and a tiny pin-point of an
BULLETIN
Oakland, Calif., March 17.—(Special)— We are leavins for Honolulu in a few minutes and I have just made the amusine discovery that I'm unwittingly playing the role of “understudy” to Cupid on the first stage of the projected round-the-world flight. Paul Mantz has confessed that a big reason for wanting to go along as one of my two serial hitch-hikers, is that his fiancee, “Terry” Miner, is already at sea on the Mathon Liner Steamer “Mhlolo,” Haiwaii bound!. It seems the quickest way of rejoining her is to fly with me as far as Honolulu. As technical advisor, Paul helped me prepare for this Pacific flight and my previous one. He will be a great help as relief pilot on the flight tonight, so that I can have my energy for the remainder of the crossing. If he wants to use me as a stepping stone to romance, I can’t object. By the end of this first long hop any incipient mechanical troubles with the plane or its equipment should show up. It will be fine to have him on hand for a final check-up before I shove off westward. Also we are taking along a relief navigator, EVed Noonan, veteran of eighteen Pacific air crossings. He will drop off at Howland Island, as Mantz will in Honolulu, and Manning in Darwin. For once, if all goes well, it will be the males ,in a manner of speaking, who do the walking home. (Copyright, 1937, New York Tribune, Inc.)
island called Howland, half a degree north of the Equator and about 1,800 miles southwest of Hawaii. That is part one. Part two, a lengthier stretch over fabulous lands extends from Australia to the west coast of Africa. The third part is the Atlantic—again. The fourth, from Brazil, north. If I could do any one of these creditably I should not be disappointed. If the flight is completed its overall distance will total about 27,000
Please Preserve The Grass
miles. Its route as planned touches five of the six continents—Europe, alone is not included. Much Preparation Many months have been devoted to preparation. For such a flight my ship and its equipment are probably as competent as can be obtained unless a special craft were designed. All concerned have tried to safeguard the project as thoroughly ^as circumstances permit. The first stretch of the journey, the Pacific, offers special problems. In three hops the Electra and I must cross more than 6,500 miles of water. On two of these stretches there is no land whatever, and all the way no landing fields except my objectives. Navigation " It is not good sense to try such a crossing without the aid of celestial navigation. On two previous ocean flights and from Mexico across the Gulf I’ve “dead reckoned” and made my land fall. But I was aiming at continents, not small spots of land in the/ mightiest ocean.
Hawaii, 2,400 miles from California, would be hard to find by this method alone. Howland Island—dimensions, less than a mile by two miles—1,800 miles further on, would be a fantastically tiny target. How It Started This is the first time I have ever tried to write an “advance story” of a flight. In aviation, talking before one has anything to talk about is unusually poor policy. However, this time there are obligations and associations which, perhaps, justify a foreword, despite these disadvantages. To begin with, I should tell how and where the present project was started. Pilots are always dreaming dreams, I think. After being ■ just'^a" pMsilftgeP’ Tlrf^thfe' '* Atlahtic flight of 1928,1 wanted to duplicate the crossing alone in my own plane. I pursued the dream of a solo flight for four years before it became a reality in 1932. One ocean led naturally to another and two years later, through hard work and planning and gener-
Sophomore Cotillion Leaders
W. K. Millholland, Alpha Tau O mega, and Peggy Timberlake, Kappa Kappa Gamma, who will lead th e grand march at the annual Sophomore Cotillion tomorrow night. T he executive committee of W. S. G. A. has announced two o’clock hou rs for the formal affair.
To the Students of the University: The steadily increasing tendency on the part of certain students to run across the grdss areas of the campus is observed today with considerable regret. Some students appear unmindful of the long-time sentiment attached to such places as the Oval. In the hewer areas of the campus, where the Trustees of the University are making special efforts to landscape and otherwise to develop the grounds, but scanty attention is paid to the ‘Please* signs. This has resulted in considerable damage to sections which have recently been planted. To protect the University against the losses of money, time, and appearance due to these acts of vandalism, the Superintendent of Physical Plant has been instructed to apprehend those who insist upon walking across the Oval, the newly planted areas lying west and south of the Executive Building, and the circle in front of the building. Such students will thus become liable to penalties similar to those c imposed upon those violating the campus parking rules. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President,
Must Get Prom Permits Today
As today is the last day to secure permits for the 1938 Junior Prom, the Student Senate office, located on the second floor of the Memorial Union Building, will be open from 7 till 7:30 tonight, in addition to the regular period of 4 to 6:30 p. m. No permits will be issued after closing time tonight, the Junior Prom committee stated last night. Prom tickets can be secured up until March 23, but permits must be submitted in order to be eligible to make ticket deposits. '
Estey Will Speak Today
Prof. J. A. Estey will speak on “Occupational Opportumties In Economics And Business” at 4 o’clock this afternoon in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. This is the fifth in a series of lectures given for the benefit of freshmen science students.
Juniors To Select Co-eds Eligible For ’38 Mortar Board
ous help ,the opportunity came to try the Pacific. I felt, after that that I should try no more long flights without more than one engine—^faultless as my single Wasp motor had proven. Purdue Progressive For more than a year I have been pleasantly associated with Purdue University as a periodic faculty member. Purdue is a forward-look-ing institution, building an important aviation department. It is one of the few universities in the world with its own landing field. One day last summer President Edward C. Elliott asked my husband what interested me most beyond immediate academic matters. Mr. Putnam divulged my suppressed pilot’s yearning for a bigger and better airplane. Not only to go to far places further and faster and more safely but essentially for pioneering in aviation, education and technical experimentation. “Flying Laboratory” So, in due time, I came into possession of my “flying laboratory.” Its purchase was made possible chiefly through the Purdue Research Foundation, aided by such friends as J. K. Lilly, Vincent Bendix, and others, mostly within the aviation industry. If happily after the flight, a balance sjremains from the initial gifts, or others to come, it will go to a perm^pent fund for aeronautical research at Purdue, which has been set up m my name. Fuel All important in the conduct and the preparation of the flight is the fuel. At certain fields scattered here and there, competent mechanics have been arranged for and spare parts assembled. Preparation is rightly two-thirds of any venture. Whatever may come of my plans, the work of getting ready has been absorbing and instructive. Living with maps and charts has certainly increased my knowledge of geography. Also I have discovered interesting facts of the weather habits of various parts of the world. I have tracked monsoons to their lairs, and I think I know something of the coral islands of the Pacific. Whether I shall add actual knowledge to book learning I do not know. But I shall try. (Ckipyright, 1987, New York Tribune, Inc.)
(Editor’s Note: ThronKb the generoelty of Miss Amelia Earhart and Die enoparatfam of the New York HeraM-Tribnaew tlw ponent is able to bring yon ezelnaive accounts of the 27,000 mile fli^tt sxoQnd the world which Miss Earhart is making in the Purdne “Flying laboratory” plane).
BULLETIN Oakland, Calif., Mar. 17.—(Social)—^Three hours and sixteen minutes after she took off on the iBrst leg of her world flight, (9:13 p. m. CST), Amelia Earhart radioed, “AO is well. Plane acting fine.” Although her exact position was not given, she is reported to be 365 miles offshore en route to Honolulu.
By C. B. Allen Oakland, Calif., Mar. 17.—(Special)—With an Irish shamrock pinned on her flannel shirt in honor of the day, Amelia Earhart took off from the rain soaked Municipal Airport here today at 4:37 p. m. (6:37 CST) for a 2,410 mile overnight hop to Honolulu, the first leg of her projected equatorial flight around the world. Beside her at the dual controls of her Lockheed Electra Purdue “Flying Laboratory,” sat Paul, Mantz, who prepared the ship for its 27,000 mile flight and is accompanying Miss Earhart to Hawaii as relief pilot. Lying prone on the big cabin fuel tank behind them, in order to get the plane’s center of gravity as far forward as possible, were Captain Harry Manning, radio operator and navigator, and Fred Noonan, veteran trans-Pacific areial navigator. Crowd Thrilled The crowd oi several thousand persons which turned out to watch (Continued on page 2)
Nominate Stewart For WSGA Position
Betty Ann Stiewart’s name was added to the list of nominees for presidency of W. S. G. A. at a caUed* mass meeting of approximately 225 co-eds yesterday afternoon in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Margaret Richey and Betty Ann Stewart were nominated and the balloting which followed was to select one of these names to add to the list of nominees. The co-eds who will be voted upon at the election March 24 are: president, Jeanne Janousek, Dorothy Martenet, Virginia Slocum and Betty Ann Stewart; treasurer, Georgians Huber and Mary Townsend; secretary, Katherine Moimce and Mary Cooley; junior represenb* ative, Sally McKee and Betty Jo Sexton; sophomore representative, Treva Berry and Althea Jorgeson.
EXPONENT BOARD
There will be a meeting of the Exponent Board on Friday, March 19, at 4 p. m. in the Agricultural Experiment Staitioo. All elected ofiBcers are expected to be present. —HULSE.
Cannon Roar^ Machine Guns Raiile Amid Blinding Flashes Of Battle
Selection of possible Mortar Board candidates will be made by junior co-eds this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Jean Adkins, president of the senior honorary, urges all junior coeds to be present. Miss Adkins explained that the actual selection of candidates will be made by active members of Mortar Board and its faculty advisors. However, preference will be given to those selected at this afternoon’s; meeting, she said. Jnnior pledges are selected on the basis of campus activities and scholastic standing. Their average must he three-tenths higher than the all-school average of the past semester. Juniors must present schedule cards to be admitted to the meeting this afternoon.
By J. E. Brock Amid the thimdering roar of cannon, machine guns, rifles, and grenades, and in darkness broken only by blinding flashes from exploding shells, 2,500 spectators watched Battery !l^2 of the University Corps successfully defend its position against attacking enemy infantry in the mock battle scene of the 1937 Military Carnival staged in the University Armory last night from 7 till 9:30 o’clock. Precise drills delighted the audience, and spectacular denionstrations of various military functions brought gasps of admiration from more than 4,000 throats. Band Professor P. S. “Spots” Emrick’s Purdue Military Band gave one of the finest performances in its brilliant career, as they played the most popular and stirring musical com^
positions in band repertoire. Accompanied by the audience’s whistling, the organization did itself especially proud in rendition of “When Irish Eyes Are Smiling” and “The Field Artillery Song.”
Highlights of the evening were the performance of Cadet Sergeant R. O. Dirmeyer as Recruit Dumfc)john in the Purdue Order of Zou:aves’ presentation of “The RecruiPs “Nightmare” and the Sttumimiifeeft mounted drill given by eight trurit drawn gun sections brilliantly lighted by streamers of small lamps. The Carnival was two and onehalf hours tightly packed with citement and thrills for spectators and participaooits alike. Thetwmtp’ eight batteries of the Universi% Corps last night presented the fittest, most polished Military val Purdue Ims ever seen.
Mi
' V'MtV V
/
THE PHRBtJE EXPONE^^T
WU Ij^uthnt exponent
PmaMM IMS
rn Ckf*i D j^MOCWtfd gdtt<gtllt»
i|9S4
thutaday, March l8r 1937 ■BSSSS8SttBSSSBBSE8SSSStifiS9S8fiSSSS8SflbdS8SSa
1935 6MSCCMSM
MtPRBMHTED rOR NATIONAI, ARVKRTiaiNe RY National Advertising Service, Inc CMuf PMUhmrs Httrestmtetit* 420 Madison Avb. New York, N.Y. CHICAOO • BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO LOS ANSSLSS • PORTLAND • SEATTLS
n— RB sssBsd t**** r*^WT" St tiw post offlesi LsfsvsttSi IiidtsiUL SsUvand lijr fH4 psr >SSr; MHsred fav ssnisr, I2.B9 psr yssr; sold l>7 s sfaigls eopy, t esnts.
1>1mbsSMS
OFFICE—S12 North Fifth Street
Editorial Pkoas SM7
Daily Stadent Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Babe, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
MawBEins Editor..
_ H. H. Morris
AsaoeiatoBditon £" ArBamotte, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, IL P. l^nion, C. U Bsplumops Assiatonte W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Ctairfn, J. R. Claric
L. S. Hardin, C. D. Sehroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vanes
E. H. KellesK, K. £. OTIeU
Bold and Black Blditor— J* Ohaver
Boifncn National Adrertisins Itonaser.. Local AdTsrttainc Manassr. Advertising Assistants. Cirenlation Manager Circulation Assistants
BUSINESS STAFF
....\R. J. Hulse ..L. H. Brown „D. C. Millar
.W. J. Gillilan, R. R. Hensler, M. C. Reeves J. P. Girard . . J F. C. Robbins, F. T. Swain
Editor Aasoeiate Editors
SPORTS STAFF , ^ .. L. D. Wood .W. H. Fifleld, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
Editor Aasoeiapte Editors Advartising Mansgsr..
WOMEN'S STAFF . „ ^ JHelen Creech . Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—L. S. Hardin
Know Thy Classmates
The University is a great place for developing friendships. University students, however, are unacquainted with a surprisingly large number of their classmates. Because of the lack of class functions two students may meet during their orientation into college life and perhaps not be in the same group again until the day of commencement exercises, if both survive the four intervening years. Strictly class get-togethers were practically made obsolete by the elimination of class organizations and the abolishing of class officers. Class banquets, class dances, and all sorts of class meetings have become non-existent. ' We heartily approve of such informal affairs as the Senior Snoopers Dinner, to be held tonight, as a means of bringing together classmates and thus building for a greater University spirit. The informality of the meeting will tend to break down any barriers that might arise among the senior -co-eds. —R. P. M.
Friuoub First LincM-yours truly back in tfie saddle ... much to your dtagrin ... COME ON OUT IN THH OPEN WITH IT . . . that Sigma Chi pin you’re wearing Miss BETTY BARNETT ... if you're going to wear that cross of WALLY CRAIG’S wear it where everybody can see it instead of underneath as it is at present . . . LIFE IN SIX CHAPTERS CHAPTER I—Glad to meet you. CHAPTER II—Isn’t the moon beautiful? CHAPTER III—Just one more, dear—please. CHAPTER IV—Do you? I do. CHAPTER V.—Da-da-ta-ta-ta. CHAPTER VI—Whereinell’s dinner? —The Kayseean. WHEN . . . the announcements were sent out by the Union telling the frats and sors, etc. about the program to be held in the music room Sunday afternoon . . . BETTY GRANGER, MARTHA WHITEHEAD, and BILL JONES are the personalities ... on all announcements the name “BILL” was crossed out ... in its place was scribbled JONE’S new nickname, “STINKY” . . . MRS. GINN (Alpha Chi House Mother)—“Young man, we turn the
lights Off at 11:00.'^ BILL WINTER—“Oh, boy, that’ll be keen.” And then Dean Stratton remarked in claso: “and Hiose that fuel oth erwise raise your hands” .. . Margaret Ritchey’s was idone in its height . . . “see,” says Dorothy C. “almost nobody” ....
LOUIE’S HUNGRY FIVE have not been engaged for this year’s PROM . . . they’re going to get a cheap band this year . . . some talk about . . . BILLY SWINGIT and his 12 Handsome Swingers . . . . JOHNNY HEIGHDEHEIGH and his 2 farm hands . . . BILL’S HAPPY DOZEN ... and ... LAST BUT NOT LEAST . . . THAT KINK OF SWING . . . “JUG” JUMP and his Pick-Ups . . . BETTER IHAN JEAN WHITNEY’S ... is the shiner that BETTY GOODALE has been showing around the campus . . . Alpha Gamma Rho football player, DECKER, was the mainspring back home . . . he’s been losing out "here . . . maybe he got mad . . . FOR THE SLIGHT CONSIDERATION OF ONE GOOD POME FOR OR AGIN MALES OR FEMALES ON THIS CAMPUS . . . I WILL EXCHANGE 2 AWFUL FINE MARS PASSES . . . MAKE IT SHORT ... NO SONNET . . . JUST A SHORT (4, 6, or 8 lines) POME . . .
CO-EDITORIALS
Home Ec Placement Bureau What the home economics school needs is a satisfactory placement bureau for girls. At present graduates often secure jobs by their own personal efforts. However, when we learn of other state universities placing their girls easily through placement bureaus, it seems unfair for Purdue graduates to be shoved out into the commercial world with little assistance except for one or two recommendations from busy instructors. When home economic graduates return to talk to senior classes, we are exposed to the awful truth. For example, a commercial firm sent two letters asking for suitable women— one letter to Ames, Iowa, and the other to Purdue. Within two days the company receives a complete record of a girl’s college career from Iowa State; within two months the company received a personal letter from the head of one of the departments of the Purdue home economics school. Naturally the Iowa State graduate was given the job because of the very promptness of the answer. Heads of the departments do not have the time to work on a project which in other schools affords a full time job to one person. Nor do they have the necessary information at their convenient disposal to report to a commercial concern what it wants to know. Instructors only see woman students from one side of their personalities. Teachers might feel that they did not know a student well enough to provide the ample knowledge required. One person should have this responsibility for the entire home economics school. Due to the increasing number of girls in the university and augmented demand for home economics graduates, a placement bureau should be added to the staff.—E. C. P.
Ear hart Starts On World Flight; Mud Mars Takeoff (Continued from page 1)
the takeoff despite the inclement weather, had several tense moments before the plane took the air. At one time the lumbering eraft, its two 550-horse-power Wasp motors howling at high pitch as Miss Earhart held the throttle wide open, ploughed through one sheet of muddy water after another on the puddle marked field, and was slowed perceptibly by the showery impacts. The ship took the air after a
measured run of 1,897 feet which it covered in 25 seconds before reaching the main portion of the 7,000 foot gravel runway that was used at the start of the ill-fated Dole Air Derby to Honolulu in 1927. Clippers Ahead Ahead of Miss Earhart on the Pacific air route, which was blazed nearly two years ago by Pan-Am-erican Airways, are two of this company’s giant flying boats. At 5:30 p. m. (7:30 CST), a little more than an hour after Miss Earhart’s take-off. Captain Musick reported that her ship had passed abeam of the Sikorsky Clipper, flying at an altitude of 6,000 or 7,000 feet above a blanket of clouds lying off the coast. (Copyright, 1087, New York Tribune, Inc.)
FOR NEW —SMART CABS EAST SIDE WEST SIDE Ride in the Best for Less llel.VX CAB COMPANY Corner Fifth and Ferry Call 2151 — Radio Equipped
GRIN AND BEAR IT
“I just added a little fruit and now I got an exclusive model.”
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
E UNCti SAM’S BRAVEST
Sou^J'o Dix
Today Friday - Saturday
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ARC TODAY—FRIDAY—SATURDAY
Ken Maynard in “Avenging Waters” —and— Betty Compson and Bryant Washburn in “Millionaire Kid” —Also— Clyde Beatty in “Darkest Africa”
W HEN Hollywood wants to film a scene requiring hundreds of "extras,” it makes a telephone caU—and gets them. This is made possible by a central casting bureau, whose amazingly fast service is based on systematic use qf the telephone. This organization has a telephone switchboard where as many as 30,000 calls a day are handled in bringing actors and producers together. Another example of the value of telephone service to business and social America. It is the constant aim of Bell System men and women to make it ever more use-
ful-—constantly better.
K e e p J ri c I o s e r to u c h wi t h h om ft — by te le p h o n e. Rates to most points are lowest after 7 P. M. and
all day Sunday.
ItFl.f, TFI,l<:i*IIO.\E .SVSTIil^l
By Licktyr>^^\ J
smmmm
tnti ?tl»601SJ|XMH*Ml
mm
tmmmmtMmmmrnmimmmimim
WAA To Choose
Nominees Friday
All active members of W. A. A. will be permitted to vote in the t)ri«mary c^lcction to be held in the Women’s Gymnasium, tomorrow at 4 p. m. The two nominees for each office will be announced at this time. Any active member who has a scholarship record free from conditions or failures may nominate from the floor, and such nominations may be added to the list by a majority vote of the active members present. The two girls receiving the most votes will be the candidates in the coming election. Co-eds are considered active members of W. A. A. if theyShiave earned 25 points this year and have paid their dues for the current smar.
PATROmS T&E EXPON£^n' AOVRRHSERS
Amateur Aviator Solos For iftecOrd
Seloing after only one and ottc' half hours of instruction in the air, Vernon L. Atkins, of Washington Court House, O., and senior in the mechanical engineering school, established a new record at the University airport. Atkins, a pupil of G*ipt. L. I. Aretz, operations manager of the airport, has been a member of the University Flying Club for several years, and has had previous flight experience with gliders.
Edward Elliott, son,of President and Mrs. Elliott 'who was graduated from the University last year, has resigned his position with the General Electric Company at Schenectady, N. Y., to accept a position with the Pressed Steel Tank Company of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
— — —
ORDER YOUR CAP AND GOWN
From either Fred Stalcup or George Bell, two of your most‘deserving fellow seniors. Fred and George are acting as go-betweens for you students and our store. Give the fellows your order or if more convenient, we'll take it for them at either of our two stores. May we suggest you order early?
SOUTHWORTH’S
MaiS
BIG DOUBLE FEATURE
TODAY FRIDAY—SATURDAY
With PHILIP HUSTON JAMES GLEASON JUNE TRAYIS BRUCE CABOT! ANDY DEVINE F Plus Second Feature
Oaring-tleeils In the dailyjife of 6-Menl —
ieldcr’Sti.. ..^choice By WalpotbAMMi
Hank Greenberg, the Detroit Tier’s star first baseman, was once a high school hero in New York . . . scored all-high honors in the Bronx in football, basketiball, and track... but what of baseball? . . . —^fc— Although Illinois tJniversity won the Big Ten wrestling championship, their chances in the National Meet at Terre Haute on Friday and Saturday are slim . . . four of their point winners in the Western conference title chase are laid up with injuries . . . —^fc— Jesse Owens, Ohio State’s former colored track ace, was featured with HIS SENSATIONAL FIFTEEN PIECE HARLEM SWING BAND in one of Bloomington’s theatres on Tuesday ... —^fc— The National A. A. U. recently presented Tommy Deckard, Indiana’s No. 2 flying Hoosier, with a movie camera as a reward for his world record-breaking performance in the National Championships . . . —fc— The Big Ten seems quite satisfied with the new ‘‘no center jump” rule adopted »by the Big Ten with the exception of a few whimpers from the Michigan Daily . . . the Wolverines would kick about that . . remember the height of that Michigan five . . . averaged something like six feet one inch . . . —^fc— Spence Griffiths will take his second swing at this column tomorrow morning . . .
Ogden Loses Brothers
Ralph Ogden, senior science student, was called to Michigan Monday by the death of his two brothers and his nephew. They were killed when a rear tire of the car in which they were riding blew out, turning the car over several times. A neighbor, accompanying them, was also killed.
120 Snoopers To
Banquet Tonight
Approximately 120 tickets have been sold for the Senior Snooper’s Dinner which will be held this evening at 6 o’clock in the home economics’ cafeteria. This dinner, managed by a group of senior women entirely without-jurisdiction of the faculty, is the first of what the SS ’37s hope will be a series of class get-togethers in following years. Razz, amusing tales, gifts, and something about each senior co-ed are promised for the program. The girls who were official Snoopers will contribute to the program directly or secretly, so not all of them will become known to their classmates.
VOLLEYBALL
TODAY—? P. M.
Phi Delta Theta vs. Delta Upsilon. Ward 16 vs. Ward 4.
FAMILY
TODAY—FRIDAY—SATURDAY
2 First Run Hits!
WANTED FOR MURDER! DEAD OR ALIVE!
A price on his head... it song.on his lips... new adventures with the ace of the six-gun!
Class ‘A’ Net
Finals Toni^t
The Phi ICappa Psi and Sigma Pi class “A” net squads will meet in the Memorial Gymnasium tonight for their third and final tilt of the toumahicnt, this time to determine once and for all the fraternity hardwood championship. In their previous matches each team has won one game, so the results of tonight’s contest will decide the series. The Sig Pis were defeated early in the tourney by the Phi Psi’s, but came through the losers' bracket undefeated, while the Phi Psis were the victors in the winners’ bracket. The Sig Pis came out on top in the second meeting, 30-23, to even the series. The Phi Psis are looking to Carlson ,their stellar performer who has averaged 18 points per game, to continue the good work, while the Sig Pis are basing their hopes on a quintet that is composed largely of football men, including Woltman, Zachary, and Gift.
Seven Compete In Speech Finals
Seven students will speak in the finals of the Hanley Speech contest tonight at 7:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. The students who are competing for the first and second prizes of $50.00 and $20.00 respectively are: A. P. Knapp, Maurice Karnowsky, Robert Schlundt, W. D. Croft, W. F. R. Briscoe, C. R. Petticrew, and J. W. Fredericks. W. A. Hanley, ’ll, who sponsors the contest, will be present to make the awards and will also be the guest of honor at an informal gathering in the Memorial Union Building following the decision of the judges.
Army Squash Team To Fly Here For Meet Saturday
Aviation will contribute its part to the advancement of Purdue’s sports activities this Saturday when four officers from the air corps unit at Wright Field, Dayton, O., will fly here to engage the Boilermakers in a squash contest. The four “flying squashmen,” Maj. Reed, Capt. Ankenbrandt, Lieuts. Tellman and Swofford, plan to fly here Saturday morning, arriving here abqut 10:30. They will play their matches immediately following lunch and will head for their home field about 4:30 that after-
noon. Clevett Out Of Town Coach Clevett will not be able to greet the officers, as he is going to the Western intercollegiate squash meet in Milwaukee that day with four of his squashmen to compete for Big Ten honors, but Murray Fowler, freshman squash coach, will be on hand to receive the Adsitors. The four Boilermakers who will provide the officers with competition will be Juve, Linn, Jackson, and Moses.
BASKETBALL
CLASS “A”—TODAY—7:45 P. Jt Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Pi.
The thinking fellotr calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 2&e per passenger, any part of the city SQ23 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
iSSBrnSSst
Junior Prom Regulations
1. Jimion and seniots, as liatad tritit BegMhtr^ irtt Iba the only undergMidiiate atudents alhnred ta imreiuwe 2. Only twenty'flYe (26) tieketi win he allotted to
of the University staff. The same regtdations wiH mppijt to toenHir
ticket holders as to mtdergxadnatto.
8. In order that arrangements for out-of-town dates may fm made, announcement if the distrihntion of tickets will be made on
or ore March 26.
4. Permits for tickets will he distrihnted starthig Satordby, March 6, and will close Thursday, March 18. Permits will be issued daily during this period, from 4 until 6:30, excepting Saturdays, when the Student Senate office will be open from 1 until 6 o’clock. 5. Applicants will have personal pictures taken at the time they apply for permits. There will be no charge for pictures taken. 6. If the application is approved, it most he taken to the Cashier’s office, in the Executive Building, where applicant must sign permit in presence of the Cashier, attesting to the fact that Im will be the sole user of the ticket. Applicant must then pay Cashiar four dollars ($4.00), the price of the ticket, and receive a stamped receipt. This must be done before Tuesday, March 23. 7. Actual distribution of the tickets will begin on Tuesday, April 13, at which time the tickets will be given out by thh Cashier in exchange for the receipt stub. 8. If the owner of the ticket does not coincide with the picture that is stamped on it, the individual will not be admitted to the dance, and the name of the original purchaser will be turned over to the Executive department of the University for disciplinary
action.
9. In order that the affair may be kept strictly a Junior-s^or dance, a suitable method of controUing pass-out checks will be used to insure against their transferal. It is hoped that there will be sufficient number of admission tickets available for all applicants.
Just awarded his varsity letter ... and he’s proud too that the dgar he smokes' is a LITTLE FENDRICH PANETELA ... the athlete’s smoke and the dioice for college gatherings . . . because they’re milder . . . mellower ... more uniform!
LITTLE Fendric
PANETEL-AS
SHE
should wear
Jl
cwet^
May we suggest that she will appreciate flowers from
S27 MAIN ST.
moNK tiw
'-rl
■Il
'-'A >3*^
■
■ A/
ft?
%
li-
lt
i-:
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
ClassifSed Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main stroet. Phone 2779.
Lots of Books—Back Number magazines. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Good Printing—Painless prices Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 6205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th street.
For Rent—One-half of double room, single bed. 122 Pierce street. Call 7764.
2926 and arrange for exchange.
Desire University Employed Girl —^To share apartment virith girl in similar position. Call 2602 day time or 6216 after 7 o’clock at night.
Wanted—^Ride to Pittsburgh, Pa., or Youngstown, O., or vicinity for spring vacation. Call Fred Robbins 66664.
Modern Sleeping Room—With a dressing room, for business woman employed. Phone 51333.
NOTICES
No noticM accepted after 8 p. m.
Black Velvet Evening Wrap—Taken by mistake at Cary Hall Dance Mai'ch 6. Will owner call Effie Smith
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Organic Chemistry Conditions—Examination for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 29 and 107 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p. m. April 10. Applications must be made at the General office in the Chemistry Building before the Spring recess. —^NELSON.
English and Speech Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in all courses in English will be held on Saturday, March 20, at 1 p. m. in room 201, Education Building. —CREEK.
Military Training Conditions—An examination for removal of C grades in Military Training 3, Motors, will be held in the supply room at the Armory, March 23, at 1:30 p. m. Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford before noon March 20. —HAYFORD.
R. C. EISENBACH Jew’eler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119'/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
LYLEE. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DK. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK OR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
SUDDEN 'service
P
RINTING
Offle* SbUoncry . . Wf«dding Invlbtioni fialM Books, Etc... ,
phone _ _ , 2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408reRify
KEYS Keys for tmnks, doer locks, dcak loeka, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHN SPERB
822-24 Main
PASSENGERS WANTED!
Reduced rate to: Dayton, Pittsburg]^ New York, Washington, Philadelphia, Memphis, St. Louis, Tulsa, Seattle, Minneapolis and other principal cities.
Call Bud Skinner, Kappa Sigma House “Serving All The Airlines”
Your Pocketbook, Too, Can Have A
WHEN YOU BUY A lOUND-TRIP TICKET One-Way Cost of Fare Return Trip Cleveland, O $5.70 $4.60 Indianapolis 1.15 .95 Pittsburgh, Pa. .. 7.10 5.70 New York. N. Y...13.40 10.75 Chicago, 111 1.95 1.60 Washin’t’n, D. C. 11.40 9.15 Columbus, 0 4.10 3.30 Dayton, 0 3.00 2,40 St. Louis, Mo 4.90 3.95
TDE KIND and gentle to your pocketbook this vacation^—^buy a roundtrip Greyhound ticket! ^ave money going home—^fares are lowest in history. And save still more coming back — there’s an extra 20% reduction on the return portion of your ticket.
Purdue University Lafayette, Ind.
Military CandltiMi Examinations — Examinations for the removal of C sradee In Military Training 8, topography, will he held in the instructors’ rodm. Armory, at 8 p. m., March 26. Students desiring to take this examination Should report to Oapt. Hayford in'the adjutant’s office. Armory, before 4 p. m. March 24. —HAYFORD.
Prom Goers—Get permits by March 18 from Student Senate office. —GRAHAM.
Sophomore, Junior Chemicals — Must choose your electives on or before March 20 for the coming year. This should be done in my office in Heavilon Hail. —BRAY.
Reserve Officers—Any second lieutenants of the Organized Reserve who wish to apply for one year of active duty with the Regular Army see me at the Armory before 4 p. m., March 24. —HAYFORD.
Sophomore Chemicals—^Return information cards to room 107 of Heavilon Hall before March 17. —LOVELL.
Sophomore Chemicals—All expecting to make the inspection trip during spring vacation make deposit in room 107 of Heavilon’ Hall between 1 and 6:30 p. m. any day except Saturday. AH deposits must be in by March 19. —LOVELL.
Flying Club—Important meeting in room A of the Union March 18 at 7 p. m. All members please attend. —SMITH.
Glider Club—Meeting will be March 18 at 7 p. m. —O’NEAL.
Distinguished Students—Refunds are now available at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBEE.
Yoni* Hat - Suit - Topcoat fulovcs - Scarf - Necktie
are conspicuous more on Easter than any other time Have them Crowh Cleaned today as Easter is only 2 weeks away.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
with the winter sports spread call 7712. —JONES.
Chi Epsilon—riedging March 18 at 6:30 m. at bridge just west of C. E. Building. Actives and pledges are requested to be prompt. - —KEENAN.
Flying Club—^Important meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Building March 18 at 7 p. m. Election of officers. All members please attend. —SMITH.
Individual Bowlers Tournament—All students entered in the individual bowling tourney must turn their scores in to me by March 20. —STUCKY.
W. A. A.—Primary for W. A. A. elections will be held at 4 p. m. March 19. —ARNOLD.
Girl’s Glee Club—Party for the Men’s Glee Club March 18 from 6:30 till 7:30 in rehearsal room. —BELL.
W. A. A.—All girls interested in helping
Union Workers—My committee meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. March 18. —WEIGANDT.
Purdue Engineer—Open meeting of Sigma Delta Chi March 18 at 7:30 p. m. Staff members are requested 'to attend. -nJONES. .
W. A. A. Basketball—Freshman vs. juniors at 4 p. m. March 18 in the large gym. —SHAFFER.
Skull and Crescent—Meeting March 18, at 7:16 p. m. in faculty lounge. Bring money for flowers and tickets. Important. —FENSTERMAKER.
Union Show Cast—^All students who took part in the Union play, “Castles In The Air,” and who missed classes on Thursday and Friday mornings, come to the student union office and get their excuses for their absences. —ME’TH.
Union Committee—All of- my committee meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. March 18. —RIE'TH.
W. A. A. Council—Meeting March 19 at 4 p. m. —ARNOLD.
Junior Co-eds—Very imx>ortant meeting of all junior women in the womeh’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m. March 18. —ADKINS.
Camera Club—Because Assistant Dean Goldsmith is showing a colored moving picture at the Morton' School March 18, there will be no meeting of the club. All members are invited to attend the colored pictures. —CLAYPOLE.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Meet in the office at 4 p. m. March 18. —JONES.
Union Workers—^My committee meet in Student Union office at 4 o’clock. —PERKINS.
Union Workers—^Will the following persons meet in the Union' office March 18 at 4 o’clock: McCrerry, McNaughton, Mathews, Light, Buckler, M. Reed, M. Jones, Gard, Fugate, Exton, Engeman, Gaxcina, Lawler, Kessler, Kerwin, Kelsey, Drabing. Eany, Cooper, Arnes, Grace, Hawkins, Patterson, Randall, Smith, Wyman, and F^h—REID.
bum.
Union Workers—Our committees meet in the workshop at 4 o’clock March 18. —PUTZE, PFORZHEIMER.
W. A. A. —^Dnportant meeting at 4 v. m. March 18 in the office. All girls inteiKsted in working for the Winter Sports Spread please report. —JONES.
Reamer Club—Pledging will bo held in room A of the Memorial Union Building on March 22 at 7:00 p. m. All actives and pledges are required to be present. —BUXTON.
W. A. A.—^PrimaHos for election ■will be held on March 19 at 4 o’clock in the women’s gymnasium. —JONHS.
Sigma Delta Chi—Members are invited to attend the banquet in honor of Joe Todd at 6:30 p. m. March 18, in 'the. reception room of the Memorial Union Building. —HARDIN.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler
4th and Ferry
Leslie Howard
Union Bus Station 5th & Ferry Bin. Phone: 2106
GREY/HOUND
says Luckies are "tops” with
his throat
** Years ago, as an ambitious young actor, 1 was impressed how well my
throat liked Luckies and how well they suited my idea of a perfect cigarette. That impression still standsAnmyrecenttourof^Hamlef, with its many performances each week and the attendant tax on my throat, I have been convinced anew that this light smoke is both, delight'^ ful to my taste and the Hop* dga* rette for an actor*s throat,**
A,
.n independent survey was made recently among professional men and women—lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc* Of those who said they smoke cigarettes, more than 87% stated they
personally prefer a light smoke*
Mr* Howard verifies the wisdom of this preference, and so do other leading artists of the radio, stage, screen and opera* Their voices are their fortunes* That’s why so many of them smoke Luckies* You, too, can have the throat protection of Luckies—a light smoke, free of certain harsh irritants removed by the exclusive process *lt’s Toasted”. Luckies are gentle on the throat*
THE FINEST TOBACCOS— ‘’THE CREAM OF THE CROP”
A Light Smoke
’’It’s Toasted” -Your Throat Protection
AGAINST IRRITATION-AGAINST COUGH
Comnrl^t 1937, Tbs Ainettotn Tobacco C!9mpaiv