-T
*.■ ^ ,f ■'^ , V , H " '^' ‘ ^ * *' ^ ^ ' f « •- / - -^2 -fi ^ ^^■' '* , i *
■^V ')
.'fc« <,'
, fl
r ,.
) I
H r
SPORTS EDITOR Says We Can Beat Indiana
Established 1889
xftJ04iem
CHINA COLUMN Tells Of New Slogan
'Resist And Reconstruct'
^lume 55. No. 78
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, January 2$, f ^3
Ballet Russe Will Perform Studebaker Governor Tomorrow In Music Hall IfAt Road
Aero engine
Schricker Speaks School Banquet
Well Known Troupe Hon-Tethnical ERC A<o.o,D«.ei«p™». DuPont Consultant ^ees Pictures To Appear At 7:^0 Members To Select Cost $70,000,000 Addresses Ceres Of Alcan Highway
Fojf the first time in some years, the convocations committed will present a ballet performance by the Ballet Russe ComJJapy in the Music Hall. It will be performed at 7:30 tomorrow
hight.
' tt has not been the custom in most ballets whether produced in foreign or American theatres, to include a scene depicting a rodeo. Such is the case for
tdrhorrow’s performance. The attraction has been well received by critics and has re-
ceived some comment.
It is built around southwestern rhythms and has a gay iheod which contrasts with the more usual delicate and serious moods of
the Russian ballet.
Depict Saturday Get Together The dancers, Oliver Smith, Agnes DeJMlille, Aaron Copland and the fipllet^Russe troupers depict a Saturday night get together on an old-
time ranch.
The story is centered around the cowgirl’s efforts to get herself a man. Partner changes are screamed put in good folk dance manner to keep in style with the theme. American Ballet companies have continued the performance of the old Russian ballet after it had all but died after the Russian revolut^n. Nation tours have been conducted and according to reports have been popular in all sections of
thje country,. Cl^ie^ Artists
Chief among the artists to appear tomorrow night are Massine, Pokine, Canilova, Slavenska, KrasSOVska, 'Youskeviteh, Fi’anklin, Zorit(ih Und Guerard. Tickets for the performance are $1.10; students will be admitted on presentation of their passports and all service men will be admitted free. There will be no leserved
seats.
WRH Elects Officers For New Semester; Ruth Ford, Governor Ruth Ford was elected Governor of the Women’s Residence Halls for the spring semester at the last meeting of the governing board, held last Monday evening. Sue Killinger is the newly elected social chairman and Virginia George,
secretary-treasurer.
The governing board is composed of diffei’ent members due to new hall'elections. Representing North Hall are: Patsy Barnett, president; Peg Moreledge, social chairman; Frances Robinson, secretary-treas-urer; and Ruth Ford, representative
at large.
From South Hall: Marilyn Loomis, president; Patsy Bishop, social chairman; Virginia Lutz, secretary - treasurei; and Jean Thompson, repi’esentative at large. The following come from Wood Hall: Isabel McCauley, president; Sue Killinger, social chairman; Virginia George, secretai'y-treas-urer; and Phoebe Hall, representative at large.
Glee Club Member ForgetsWordsOfSong Wl1(en the Woi’ds of “Marching Alortg” are finally known. Bill Kennedy of the University Glee Club tvill be wanting to know what they are . Last night at the Road School banquet, he was performing a solo on this selection, after having had two rehearsals. He forgot what to jsing but it appears he did no forget how to sing. What he sang pleased the audience greatly but it was not “Marching Along,’’ although the tune may have been. The audience finaly realized what was going on and enjoyed it greatly, and the song was not spoiled in the least for Kennedy finished with a stirring note.
P/A Will Sponsor Dance Class In Union Beginning Tuesday, PIA will hold its advanced dance class in the South Ballroom of the Union. All classes except this one will be held
on Monday nights.
Only members can eni'oll in the class. The admission is a PIA membership card plus $2.50, and women are admitted free. Any student having taken Pearl Allen’s elementary dance course is eligible for the les-
sons.
Camera Club To Hold Initial Meeting Today Today at 7:30 p. m. the University camera club will hold the first meeting of the semester in room 307 of the J^liion Building. This will be an open meeting, and anyone interested in photography oi any one who might be a prospective member of the organization is invited to attend.
Service This Term Army Will Transfer Men To Other Units Students enlisted in the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps who have indicated a preference for the Navy or Marine Corps Reserve must apply for their discharge papers from the Army for the purpose of enlisting in the Navy before the end of this current semester, with the exception of those who are to receive deferment under the most recent War Department ruling. This statement was made by Col. A. L. Puller, Chief of the ROTC section of the Fifth Service Command Headquarters. Members of the following gioups will not be required to make the transfer: medical and pre-medical students ,including those studying dental and veterinary work, engineers who are classified as sophomores, juniors or seniors, advanced course ROTC students and senior unit students in the electronics group. Individuals in these enumerated gi-oups, however, will definitely not forego their i ight to serve in the branch of their choice. Must Submit Application The letter from Colonel Fuller to Pi’ofessor Hockema states: “The student will be requii’ed to make an application in writing through the Professor of Military Science and Tactics at their respective colleges and universities, for discharge from the Army for the purpose of enlisting in the Navy or Marine Corps at the time he withdraws from college, IS dropped from college, or at the end of the current academic period terminating after December 31, 1942, whichever is eailiest.” Forms for this transfer will probably be obtainable at the adjutant’s office in the Army within the next few months. Applications, however, will not be accepted until a definite procedure has been decided upon. An announcement of this will be made at a later date. The classification of the reservist going into the Navy will be determined by his rank in school: V-1, if he is a freshman; V-7, if a sophomoie, junior or senior. All Students All articles lost last semester on the campus must be claimed before February 1 in the new Student Senate Office^ room 386 of the Union.
Last night an audience of air minded students and townspeople attended the preview of the lectures to be given today and tomorrow on a cut away model of a Wright Cyclone engine here on display. The engine is in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering building where the lecture is also given. ^ Mr. E. R. Perkey, of the Studebaker Corporation, which built the engine, explained the engine in some detail, and then opened the meeting for questions. Magnesium Used In Motor The engine is a $70,000,000 product of the Studebaker Corporation, operating under license from Pratt & Whitney. Because light weight material has been used wherever possible the engine has a power weight ratio of 1.1 pounds per horsepower. Magnesium has been used in most of the housings which has kept the weight down to 1350 pounds. An erroneous assumption has been made by the general public regarding the polished machine surfaces of all the stressed members. Mr. Perkey pointed out however that this operation eliminated fatigue by reducing the number of stress points on all members. Particular interest was shown in a machine which finishes the entire cylinder head in a succession of over 100 operations. He pointed out that the machine cost $1,000,000, but had saved the government much more than that price in its short period of operation. In the line of operation the audience was informed that the gasoline consumption of the engine was 36 gallons per hour at cruising speed, which is about 250 miles per hour in the flying fortresses, for which the engine has been used extensive-
ly-
Upon assembly the engine is tested on a block for four hours, during which time an accurate case history of the engine is recorded at intervals of fifteen minutes. When the run is completed the engine is torn down completely and any faulty parts are replaced. Again the engine is tested for nine hours, of which 90 minutes are at 95 per cent full power followed by thirty minutes of full power. Any engines not passingV this test are again inspected and repaired. The others arc cleaned, touched up, and sent on their way.
On Farm Products Speaker Outlines History Of Firm Forty per cent of the revenue of DuPont for 1942 came from products not on the market ten years ago, according to V. S. Peterson, the agricultural consultant for DuPont. Peterson spoke to the Ceres Club last night on the “Development of New Agricultural Products.” I Peterson was introduced by Prof. V. C. Freeman, Associate Dean of Agiiculture, who recited the many accomplishments of DuPont in recent years and the history of the firm. Peterson estimated that it took approximately seven years for the average product to develop from the first stages of research to its final commercial stage. In many cases men spend their career on fields of which no practical products ever result. However, it has been the accomplishments of these many workers which have put the U. S. into the advanced position which it holds today. “Research work—^well some people think it’s like magic,” Peterson stated, but he showed that that is not at all the case. He displayed many examples of plastics which have been made possible by ‘Ghemurgy’—a word coined to express the scientific applications of research to agriculture. It is this process which has helped the farmer become more prosperous and the U. S. more independent.
Walerstein Shocks Tonight In Union
Unsuspecting Student
Reactions of a human galvanometer were demonstrated in a general physics lecture recently. Prof. Wajterstein, in demonstrating the principles of a Wheatstone bridge asked a member of the audience to help with the business. Unknowingly, Shun-Yuan Chou stepped forward to receive the shock of his life. Placing his hands in the approximate center of two suspended ropes, he suddenly gave a jerk backward, indicating the presence of an electric current, not unlike the recation of the frog in Galvani’s well known experiment.
‘A Woman’s Work ’. . .
Freshmen, Sophomores, May Register For Senate Callout Until Friday
By Allyn Crotts
All freshmen and sophomores who missed the Senate callout this Wednesday are asked to visit the Student Senate office before Friday and sign the callout list. Many prospective workers are probably wondering what a freshman or sophomore might do as a Student Senate worker, so let us examine
the past records.
Let’s follow Pete Wendell, a typical University student, as he aproaches the Senate office — for the first time. He will wme called upon
to di.stiibute tramsporlation circu-
pause, look in and see a num- btudent lobidcnco buildber of people he doesn’t know. ing.s m We.sl Lafayette. They also The best thing he can do is took oi dors for and dihtnbuted Sen-
101 Commencement invitations. Many tasks come up each day that
WRH Head Finds Task Long
walk right iir and introduce himSclf to someone. In a few minutes a piece of work will come up that a new workei can handle. He might be given set of faculty rating charts to tabulate, or be sent out to collect lost and found articles
from campus buildings.
These are both iinpoitant Senate activities which function each semester. Senate workers go into the
keep workers busy.
Of course there aic lulls in activity when there is little to do. Then Pete Wendell has an oppoitunity to make new friends, and has something to divert his mind from school. Every once in a while the Senate has a party to break the monotony. So taking everything into consideration, a freshman or sophomore
classi'ooms, pass out sheets upon worker can be of great seivice to which each student m the class rates the Senate while having a good
the instuictoi, Last semestei work- time.
By Anna Mae Craig At a glarice, one might not know hei from a student, for Eileen Westovei, Head Resident of North Hall, looks like a typical coed. Like a University coed, she spends some time joeing in the Grill of Wood Hall. It was theio that I met Miss Westover the othei evening and asked her if I might talk with her a few minutes. We agreed to meet 111 fifteen minutes, but the seivice being what it is in the grill, we didn’t get together foi some time. I wondeied if my little interview would keep her up too late. Miss Westover quickly assuied me that I needn’t worry as she does very well on “a good six hours sleep.” If she gets eight or nine hours of sleep, then she feels groggy. It’s a good thing for Miss Westover that she feels that way, for her job sometimes keeps her up until the wee hours. One of her duties in the Hall IS to lock the doors and see that all the residents are signed in. If, for some-reason, a gnl has to 'be out after hours, Miss Westover waits up till she comes, just as your mother used to do. No matter how late the hour when she finally snaps the light off in her room on the first lloOr, she’s up m the morning ready
for a new day. She said that she never likes to go to sleep foi fear she’ll miss something. Enrolled In, History ' On Monday, Wednesday, and Friday mornings you’ll see her hurrying out of the dining room at ten minutes until eight. Why? Because she has an eight o’clock history class. She explained that somehow she had come through college without a single history course, and so now she is taking Histoiy 1. Miss Westover, originally from Indianapolis, took her first two yeais of college woik at Stevens in Columbia, Missouri. After finishing her studies there, she entered the University. In 1941 she was graduated with a major in Home Economics and a minor in Psychology. While she was a student, she was veiy much an activity gnl and seived as president of WAA. Home Lighting Advisor After graduation, she took a position in Chicago as home lighting advisor. The work brought her in contact with people and she enjoyed it for that leason. Quite by accident, Miss Westover heard of a vacancy in the staff at the Univeisity. Since this was just the type
of position she wanted, she made hasty inquiries and was employed in just as big a hurry. Miss Westover smiled when she told me how scared she was when she fiist took the position as Head Resident m December of 1941. There weie so many rules and regulations to learn and the responsibility seemed heavy at first. The policy of the Halls is student government but the girls often need supervision and advice. That’s where Miss Westover comes in the scene. Her job is seeing that everything runs smoothly and pleasantly, and this may include countless duties. She is hostess of North Hall and house-mother to the girls. Girls Always Welcome With so much to do and think about, you’d suppose she’d like to go into her loom and close the door sometimes to be away from everything. Not Miss Westover. She loves people and activity too much. Her door IS always open and the girls are invited to come in and talk with her. You’d never leave her room without feeling a little inspired, for Miss Westover is so full of fun and enthusiasm that one can’t be around her without catching the spark.
Last evening the annual University Road School closed its conference with a war supper, presided over by Captli^in Ben H. Petty of the Civil Engineering department with Governor Henry F. Schricker as the principal speaker. Slides were shown in conjunction with a lecture on “A Trip Over the Alcan Highway” by Harold W. Richardson, western editor of the Engi- ■ neering News Records.
Governor Schricker made a timely speech on the service of the men in highway construction as related to the war effort and things directly or indirectly concerned with the effort. He stated, “This meeting i" another measure of progress in Indiana— nothing is more important than highways, except schools,” in regard to what th^y have contributed to society. “Nothing can give us more pride than the knowledge- of our great arterial system—10,000 miles of paved highways,” and, ’’That nothing brings us closer to-
gether than highways.” Sacrifices Must Be Made
He said, concerning the construction that would not be done for the duration of the war, “We would like to accommodate everybody (counties), but we will fight the battle unselfishly.” Later in his speech he said, “We have a job to do on the home front—^first to furnish the necessities of war.” In pointing out that all bickering in the factories was unfair to the men who are on the fighting front, he told of a. letter of a soldier to his former employer. This soldier was a casualty of battle in Guadalcanal in which 17 of his buddies were killed. In his letter, the soldier said that these 17 men were worth 10,000 workers in
the factories.
The governor said' that, “Everything must be sacrificed to give those boys fighting an abundap<ie of materials. There is only one formula, we must either work or fight and the American loafer does not deserve the protection of the Stars
and Stripes.”
Governor Schricker also said that the food shortage has warranted a request to the University to raise beef catle on the University farms for the state institutions and consent has been given. He concluded his speech by saying, “We will be planning a program of public works to take care of idle hands after the war,” but he added the caution, “we must work to eliminate selfishness in our government, national and state, so that we might preserve
our democracy.”
Highway Is Great Feat The illustrated lecture on the construction of the Alcan highway, “the road built with guts and tractors,” proves that it is probably the greatest enginering feat since the building of the Panama Canal, 1800 miles of gravel road, constructed under the most adverse condition in four months. The army engineers climbed over seemingly unsurmountable obstacles to build a highway that is urgently needed in these times. Such feats were done (See ROAD SCHOOL, page 4)
AWS Sets Fresh Petition Deadline At Noon Today Freshmen girls interested in
working up to top positions in AWS ai’e urged to get their petitions in for freshman representative by
noon today.
First and Second semester freshmen girls are equally eligible. Work on AWS should not interfere with a coed’s other activties. This form is to be used for the petition. “We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate . . . for the office of freshman representative on the AWS executive board for the Spring term of 1943.” Twenty-five freshman coeds must sign this petition and it must be turned into the AWS office or to Martha McCulloch, WRH South, by noon today. Elections will be held Feb. 1 in the Union and freshmen must present their passports in
order to vote.
Agriculturist To Award Gold Keys At Meeting
Agriculturist, campus agricultui’al publication, will hold a meeting tonight at 7:15 in the West Reception Room of the Union. An important feature of the meeting will be the awarding of keys. This year twelve gold keys will be given. An equal number of silver keys will also be presented, along with a number of bronze keys. Charles Duesler, Editor-in-Chief of the Agriculturist, will discuss the carrying out of the goals set up by the outgoing staff and requirements to be met by the present staff to make an even better publication. Other departmental editors and managers will also discuss acts of importance to all. It may be noted that during the recent agricultural conference. Agriculturist subscriptions went well over the top of a previous sales record set several years ago. Also of interest was the fact that the conference lasted but three days this year, whereas the previous record was set during a six day con-
ference.
All staff members of the Agriculturist are urged to attend this meeting. Refreshments will be
served.
Executive Committee Adds New Clause To Rule Concerning 17-Year-Old Pledges An amendment has been added to the rules concerning fraternity rush which were handed down by the Executive Committee last week. This change makes possible the pledging, to social fraternities, of male students before their 17th birthday providing they obtain the consent of their parents. However, they may not live in a fraternity house until the semester following their 17th birthday. ; The rules, as they now stand, ments, but with 16 or more credit are: “Any male student will be school, may pledge eligible to pledge to a social after satisfactory comtt • -J. pletion oi one term m residence Iratermty at the Umyeisity subject to the preceding regulation, before he has reached his 17th “a student who is admitted to birthday, with parental consent, the University by the Special Gooibut may not live in a fraternity mittee on Admissions with less then house until the term following his 15 units may pledge to a fraternity 17th birthday. only after satisfactoi'y completion “Any male student who is ad- of one term in the University, and mitted to the University with less with the approval of the Q<ean of than the standaid entrance require- Men.”) V
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, January 28, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporfs, Fieldhousc, Phone 2792 Edifbriai Phohe After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Business: Man&frcr Senior Afl-icrliMiiR Mnnaircr Sports Kditor Coed Editor Coed Business Exccuinc
tiillinuG Hoskins Gerhard II Klouman Robert W Boswinkic Bale E Butz Tames G Petty Josephs Dan son SaUy Beall A Jane Keim
Publication Staff I ditonal sitIT Associate Editors B I t \ 1 r J I K 1 r 1 i T I Tilton TIP H Tjaon W 1 Verm 1 M L b th C C MUrtm dell E Murphy Coed Staff Pnjllis Mai i Marti a I T s„s C rolyn Wilbur Elaine Ahrens Sports Staff C Solaris ^ A 1 rman D ‘Tl rycr R Smith
Business Staff
Assistant Advcrtisinc Manacer T I !p Adiertisinc Managers J Fleaon C Ga 11 J McCullough J Tabb Circulation Managers W Recktcniial I al d F Ivroeplin Accounts Manager Mary Blits
The Purdue Independent
Editor in Chief
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Nifht Ed tor Murphy Sports Editor Ackerthan Day Editor Vhrens Issue Editor Butz Reporters Hahn Smcltzer Stephenson Forsyth” Abbott Winsloii Steffes Speck Spring Sandeis Garrett Tuttle
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for m section 1103 act of October 3, 191 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tuesday Thur day Fr day and Sunday mornings during the yeai Delivered locally by carrier for ?1 76 for a semester or $3 00 for tuo shmesters by mail for $2 OO for a semester or $3 50 for two semesters Represented for nations advertising by National Advertis wg -Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Mad sou Ave New Vork N Y
Lt. Colonel E. G. Chellew has recently been piomoted fiom the lank of major He is a graduate of the University and was called into active seivice in Dccembei 1940 Since March 1941 he has been president of the Officei Candidate Boaid in the Field Aitilleiy Replacement Cental atFoitBiagg N C In civil life Lieutenant Colonel Chellew was an employee of the Indiampolib Power and Light Co He was also a membei of the Indiana Central Commit tee of the Boj Scouts of Amei icn
Captain W. C, Royer was piomoted fiom the lank ot fiist lieutenant recentlj a unit of the Fourth Fightei Command an nounced Capt Royei is i graduate of the Univei sity and had vioiked foi the Vuginia Polytechnic In state Dept of Giaphics Blneksbuig Va piioi to his induction
Robert H. Pirnat Lniveisity giaau ue h is I een ippomted a flight officei 111 the Aimv Aii Foiee He has joined a glidei tianepoit diMSion aftei completing advanced flight training at Sluttgait Ail
Ted B. Holliday
has been piomoted to Lieutenant Colonelpn the ail coips When wai bioke out he was commissioned a majoi in the aii coips leseive He attended the Univeisity six yeai® leceiving a M istci s degiee in electrical engineeimg
j. S. Evans class of 42 has leceneu tire silver bu of fust lieutenant Lt Rvans is base chemieal waifaie officei of Dale Mdbiy Field Tallahassee Fla where he was transfeiied in August from the Chemical Waifaie School at Edgewood Ai senal Md 'Best Fed Soldiers' (Editor’s Note This release has been distributed by the OWI to show that even in prison camps U S soldiers are still the best fed fighting men in the world)
American fighting men tiken piisonfei bj- Geimany or Italy and Ameiican civilians interned by those countries leceive regular Amei!C'’n Red Cioss stand ard food paicels and neces<.aij clothing as soon as the Intel national Red Cioss C ommittee in Geneva is noti fied of their captuie and cimp location A total of 5,931 food parcels woie repoited dispatched duiing Novembei to United States piisoreis of v\ai and in tfemees in camps in Euiopc Pii'oneis receive a pack age a week and internees one eveiy two weeks In addition to the standaid Red Cioss paicels which have been caicfully piepared b\ nututioii evpeits lo counteiact anj vitamin deficiencies in the legulai piison diet a piisotiei <.lso ma leceive one supple mentarj- paicel everj ‘•ixty davs liom his fami'j oi friends as soon as thej have been offieiallj notified by the Piovost Maishal Genei il s office ot his wheie abouts Pull directions loi sending these paicels ue sent to the next of km it ttie time of notificition Infoimition al=o mav be obtained fiom anj postoffice on what mav be included m these p iieels to piisoneis ot \ ai foi which undei ie-,ulatioi leeentlj issued bj the Boaid of Eeononiie Wait ut no individuil ex poll license is i ow leejuiiec The Anieiican Red Cio tood paicels eonUiii evap oiated milk 1 iseuit cheese cocoa "'aidines poik beef ehoeoldte 1 ai ug u tolfce powdoicd oiaiige coneentidte piunc eigaietles an J smoking tobacco The contents ot each package weigh bU lbs The ship ping eiglit I 11 11 = I itoC iiunilds ot the c standa d tood paicels have been shipped thiough the i eulial poit of Lisbon Thej aie eaiiied fiom I i bon on a ves el eh iiteied by the InleinalK n il Re 1 fio s f ornmitlec undei i site conduct guaiantee liom the I elligcients to Mniseillcs or Genoa and Loin Ihric ue sent In lail to Geneva Th( InteinationaK ommittee ii ingesloi the i tians poit to the camps wheie Ihev aie h aided out by the "man of confidence the eamii hadii eho en by the puboneis fiom among themselve A sv tern 1 ic ceipts in tiiplieate and constant eheel s by llip Inti i nation il Red Cioss Conimittee delegates who m tl i penodie inspections ot the camps assuie that all )) u (Bu BESl I ED SOI DU RS page 1)
. ^ mSHWIOK MERftY-GO-RdllMD By DREW PEAftSON Patterson Argues With Key Laborites Against Tolan Bill For Civilian War Agency M ASHINGTON—Undeiseeiet uy ot Wai Pattci son who believes in muni lining contacts with all paits of Ameiicin life invited AFL Leadei Bill Giceii uifl CIOs Phil Muiiay down to see him the othei evening Patteison wanted to get then slant on van ous things, including new legislation Aiijtimc anything comes up affecting labc|i Pat tcison said ‘don t hesitate to call me ctiiect I want to woik out a plan wheieby both the A F of L and Cit) will be consulted about anything affecting labdi especially wheie new legislation is concerned ’ Patterson went on to say that he was opposed to any action in Congress curbing the present rij^hts of labor He also took occasion to put in some vigorous opposition against the Tolan Pepper Kilgore Bill which would transfer to one over all civilian agency many of the procurement and production duties now performed by the Army and Navy 'These production dfities are now the subject of considerable debate ahd bickering between the Army and WPB After listening to Undei seci etary Pattei son s foi ce fully expiessed reasons Bill Gieen influenced by them be^an to wavei Whereupon Phil Mini ay in tenupted ‘ Look here Bill he said ‘ I was present when you testified before the Committee I heaid what you said The A F of E is definitely on recoid foi the Tolan bill’ That ended that • Controversial General Somervell Both labor leadeis expiessed satisfaction with the confeience but duiing one point in the conveisation, Murray said But Bob theies one man in your oigamzation whose labor policies we don t like lhats Gcneial Someivell ‘ Well Phil leplied Patteison ‘ I lealize that Gen eial Someivell sometimes does give the wiong impies Sion where labor is concerned But then you have to look at his side of it Remembei that he has the piob lem of supplying 5 000 000 men Two yeais ago 90 per cent of the officers in that Aimy were civilians And of the men 99 per cent vveie civilians That Aimy IS made up of a lot of youi union men ind farmers and men fiom all walks of life It’s General Somervell s job to give them the best shoes the best uniforms the best guns the best food, ammunition, everything he can get—and on schedule That s why sometimes he gets impatient and may not always appear to understand labor • Mrs. XindereSb' Wallace The Vice Piesident and Mis Wallace turned up on loot the othei night foi dinnei it the Swiss I egation wheie Wallaces sistei is thf- wife of Swiss Ministci Bi ugmann When Mis Wallace cntcicd the dooi guests weie lal en abaci at hci appeal nice She lool cd almost as if she weic going maiketmg She woie thicl wall ing shoes also a hat and 1 idles don t wcii hats when they got out to official dmncis in W ishington She ilso woie 1 heivv oveicoat But Mis Wallace stepped into the diessnig loom ind cimc out i moment litei i i idi int eindeiella She h id taken oft hei hat and ii i uiged hei h ui She had changed hei hiogues foi evening slipptis which she had biought undei het aim She had aiiangcd hei long evening gown which had been up with a stung updei hei coat so it would not diag on the stieets It was a complete and quick transformation Then attei the dinner Mrs Wallace put on her old shoes hat and slipped away just as quietly as Cinderella » Hush! Hush! Mr. Nichols! Only laiely in leeent histoi-y has the entii,. House of Repiesentatives staged a seciet closed dooi ses Sion So when one was held 1 ist week to hcai the lepoit of Representative Jack Nichols special com mittee on an s ifety Capitol Hill buzzed with lumois that big things weic afoot Actually howevei the genial Mi Nichols was meiely setting the stage to isk the House to estab lish a new Committee on Civil Aeionautics—with him self as chan man of eouise The supei confidential setting in which he submitted his lepoit wa ealeu lated to imnress his colieigues with his investigation of airplane accidents Actually Jack his been doing a good job but his secret lepoit was chiefly a long winded lecital of civilian an clashes all lepoited in the nevvspipeis Most important item w as a recommendation that the Air Safety Bureau of the Civil Aeronautics Board be made independent again as prioi to the President s reorganization order of June 30 1910 which created the C VB Nichols also lapped the Aimy foi lailing to ciacl down on reckless pilots at an tiaimng fields He said his committee has leceived many complaints fiom piiv ite aniines about ‘ citciis flying by lookic Aimy an men which the an lines contend has become i seiious hazaid to safe flying by civilian tianspoit planes In California Nichols levealed oi e bi ish young student pilot looped the loop aiound a tianspoit piano loaded with passengois • Moving Farm Workers The Faim Seciiiity Admmisti ition h is vvoiked out a plan loi moving igiicultuial woikeis v Inch may solve 1 lot of pioblem rSA estimates tint despite due shoitige ol I nm laboi theie ue as many as hall i million who e in t get full employ ment on the land—bee iiiso they aio in the vviong aieas The pioblem is to move them to aioas wheie laimeis ue looking loi help This pioblem is aggiavatcd by lestiietions on u e ol gasoline md tnes Howovci FSA bit inlo the piob lem by moving JOO rntn liom the Kentiid y hills lo the daily mg section of Ohio wheie they hive been placed m jobs Anothei gioup of 191 h is been moy ed md put into tiammg so liny 11 1 noyv the hmd end ol i eoyy liom the loie end And liom the eulovei timbei aicis ol Niitheii \\ 1 eonsm men ue being moved lo the d lay mg see lions ill the southeii i 11 oi the si ite These aie the lust expeiiinenlal steps m a piogiam which by the lust ol M ireh will be moving 'lOO men i week I hus lar IS\ is using emeigencj lunds liom the President I hey hope to get more lunds trom Congress toi a permanent piogiam II it sue eeedb it may solve the peimanent peiee time pioblem ot the dust bowl (Copyiight, 194 J by Uniti I I ealuie Siivdic iti Ine )
' " f
Just Looking- Around By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson The Russians have finally written the end to one of the greatest sieges in the world’s history The viciousness of the fighting, and the tenacity of the Russian and German troops has fievei been equaled eyen during the famous battle of Verdun during the first World War The siege of Stalingrad lasted for over a hundred and fifty days and m the end the only thing — — that forced the Germans to
“Dis evening has certainly boosted my morale—It’s good to find a joint that ain’t hoarding nuttin’m de ice box and got all then dough tied up m war bonds ” University Calendar Thursday, Jasiyary 28
^iii * were all il 1S either captured of* killed By ^ R1111U breaking of this siege the RusBy G. B. Wu sians continued to maintain a
perfect record of holding the
(Continued iiom piecemng is^ue) cities that weie essential tp then In other words the establishment wellne and ol the utmost stlategic of the school has been intended to importmce namely Leningrad,
meet first the present war needs Stalingrad and Moscow and in the meantime to piepare th6 r
post wai medical lehabihtation In Genei al MacAithur stated the I'act, like many othei Chinese Q^^gi d ly th it the only way in wihich piojects, the gist of the third pio Japanese could effectively be
diiven out of the East Indies, Ma layan Peninsul i and the Philippines would bo to btiike at the very heart of this woild octupus The armada that would have to cniy this great ai my v/ould be the 1 iigest the world has ever seen and it is indicated that even the giant invasion force that lool Fiench North Africa
gram embodies in the Geheialis simo s slogan “Resist and Recon
struct ”
Financial souices—^The financial sources came from thice mam cate
goiies namely
1 Goveinment appropriations 2 Giant to the school by institu tions like the Biitish Boxer 111
demnity Commission Noith China would be dwaifed by the size of the Council foi Rural Reconstruction convoy necessary to make an effec
live landing 0 1 Japan proper Mac-
3 Donations fiom both nldivid Aithui swoids ue food foi thought) uals and oiganizations jj- tends to show to what extent As to oiganizations, the chief tiie South Picific eonimand and the souices aic fiom ovei sea Chinese United Nations leaders are going
3 00 P M Scicen Review
Hall of Music
Today's Screen Review News—9 min 3 17—4*42 Film That ^ as Lost—10 mm 3*26—4.51 Along the Texas Range—10 mm 3 36—5 01 Infoimation Please (John Canadme)—11 mm. 3‘46—5:11 The Navy and the Nation—19 mm 3’57—5 22 Community Sing—9 mm 4*16— Victor V Qm?—10 mm 3 00—4*25—5*41 How to Swim—7 mm 3 10—4 35—5 51 Out—5*58
New Screen Review To PresenI Civil Life Beliind Our Navy One of the 1111)01 shoits oi the Scieei Review toe iv is i Much of Time eoneei niiig the \ ivy nd he N ition This issu t il es the spe t itoi benind the seeius t how 1 ow essenti il the eo pei tio ol tl c peo pie on the home fiont is ti tl e sue ccss of oui N IV V m tl e tl c lehc i us seven sc is He is hown how mrny bi inches of eiv 1 1 le eonliibute to the needs of the Navy Ihe film gives i mentil eoreept of ill the V uious cffoits meigmg logethei to 1 ecomc p ut of the eon y ojs show n boi neiiig ovpi the waves to oui allies Aetii il battle eencs aie show 1 between i Uboit md cseoit jrlanes mil vvaiships Included ue etnes al en it the famous K 11 ei si pj uc id ev ei il scents of the eoutiibiitions of seiened ti th ifety cl oi i o\ n ships and the destiuclion ol those beloimin lo c u ei cmic
WBAA To Continue Daily Farm Forum Thi n onth Vi BAA Faim I 01 un cneduio is to be highlighted 1 sc eial spccnl Icatiues Ol Manliv tliGie will be m n teivicw entitle 1 Sods and Ciops th t 1 ext edntsd ly Dc in C il Reed will eivc i till 11 inning loi* Post Vt u Puildi igs ruesday lebiu IV 9 will leituie an intei V icw ol ui Al] h i /et i on the sub met Aijindlh 4l, leultiiial t un ])U In addition t) these s) ceial lei Liie a le ulai schedule ol pio giams y ill be piescnted As it has lone in flic past WLAA will ton tin le to picsent the Daily Foium it iijori each weel day except Sat uidaj
in the United States Malay Java and the South Seas When the Japs occupied the South Seas this finan cial bill den was taken ovei by the United China Relief Ass n and the Ameiican medical aids in China Students foi this tiaining came inainlj fiom Aimy Medical Seivice Natioi al Health Administiation and Medical Relief Coips of the Chinese Red Cioss "iid a small numbei fiom othei medical and
nuising schools
For Men N oW In Sei vice The piogiam adopted so fai has been for the peisonnei aheadj in the service who hid no ti lining oi were deficient n Laming Included in the piogi im is militaiy md political li lining which is veiy im poitant foi the vvaitime seivice md the moiale ol icsistanec The leasoii loi fixiiTg the penod of liam ing to two moi ths is obvicus A longei penod would aftect the need ed seivice substuitially In the see ond place the m iking up of de lieienej i equi cs only i shoit lime As to the untiallied they ue not expeete 1 to do impoita t woil aftei thill giadiution Anothci peiiocl of two n oiiths oi i much loimei pci lod ol male adv meed tiaimng will Ic exteiulc 1 to gia 1 nates when the fust put ol tlieii pi m IS aeeomphshed A U icc md i hall yen coiiise to tiain muses and a SI jeu eomscloi umj med leal ofhceis ue planne 1 The stu dents ue then divided into five
classes as follows 1 Aimy suigcon
2 Army medical offieci and epi
demie pieventnn
3 Assistant aimy medical officei
1 Nuismg
to plan foi a conclusion foi this wai as soon is pos‘'ible The most impoitant decision? tint weie leaehed at the moinen tons meeting between Chuichill and Roosevelt m Noith Afiiea weie not commi me ited to the citiz®is in eithei England oi the United St ites In f let oflrei il souices say that the pul he will novel leain of the mill taiv decision because they have been woven m o the giand strategy of the United N itlons This news is suie to choei Hitlei because the ol’ boy It beginning to feel that the woild 1 iff against him—in south cinFi nee Piu la uiiAfiica Dei ruchiei his UK ceil got his hands full this t me ui 1 if he is ible to mile things look biightei he will have to led moio of his country men s blood md the blood of the coi q 1 ltd peoples ot Euibpe
Buy Wai Bonds And Stamp?! Everything for a College Education DEAC’S ■ Il >IHWWi|l>WIIIIPWII—■!——IIIW——M—MUU LUMA TODAY-FRl - SAT —TWO FIRST RUN HITS—
I STARTS TODAY She's a Red Headed Bomber m a Plane Plant*
He’s building wings for America s eagles' She's putting \ thrills in his heart' 'x JACK CARSON GEORGE TOBIAS —COMING— THE GREAT GILDERSLEEVE> r
i V f f j-
!,
\ f
I
t^Utsddff Ju^umiry 26^, i^4S iimmm
Boilermaker Sports
4 t
li
*41^
P^f ■ -'i
Phillips Runners
leei's Wrestlers Travel To Evanston S j *>■ * '’4 i II j" , ( i To Engage Northwestern This Week-End
By Sheldon SVatson
Coach Reeck and his mat maulers will travel to Evanston, 111, this Saturday to meet the Northwestern Wildcats in the second meet of the year for both squads The BoilermakeVs and the Wildcats have each suffered one setback in the eurient wrestling campaign Reeck’s rough-and-ready lads lost a 17-9 decision to a superior force of Hoosieis at Indiana last week end, and the Noithwestern ■: - —
Aiatmen were turned back by Illinois m their curtain raiser
The traveling roSter for the Inclisna Team
trip to Northwestern has not
been determined by Coach Dual EnCOUntet
Reeck, but the lineup m the heavy
■vi^elght classes will be similai to that Satuiclay will mark the opening usfed against the Hoosiers In the of the cuiient indooi tiack season lighter weights, some experiments when the Boilei makers meet Indi ^re being earned out in an cffoit ana m a dual meet which will get to get a clicking combination A undci way at 3 30 p m in the Riv
definite lack of vetcians is Coach etei Fieldhouse
Reeck’s mam headache this season Although none too hopeful of vie Graduation and the armed foices tory Coach Hcinion Phillips is to6k most of the leliables fiom last glooming v/hat may develop into a yeai’s championship squad off the well balanced dual meet combina foster tioii Some of the mileis will be pio Whip Wildcats by tbe membeis of last fall s
, , cioss countiy team, including
Notthwcstein has an iveiagc i i it, . 1. ^ X, , Chailcs Due^lei Kenneth Lynch team this season but they have an „ i , c. > t-i j , -nr i _ . . , , , Edwaid Seward Pied Kindei Wil array of vetei ans who have an edge , „ jt a n » ' , -.tr ,, bin Hanoi and James Ashwell who as far aS expeiience goes The Wild ,, , t. xu u i +i, + . . , will also beai the bill den in the two
cats put up a stiff battle against , ,
the Illim last week but the usual w ii p , , , Co Captain William Banckei poWei 01 the Illinois matmen pioved , , r, i i x X , X, x, 1 !, heads the Boileimakei quaitei mile
too much for the weakei Noithwes
tein team
Boilcrmakei hopes m the ap proaching tussle will be stiength
lettei winiiei and a pan of sopln moies Roy Peaison and Wayne Pi ice as the main point hopes in the quiitei Banckei and Bob Living-
delegation that will piobably be piovided its mam competition by Harry Pi ice the Indiana veteian In addition to Bancker Phillips is
ened greatly by the 1 etui 11 of Maik banking on George Aichei majoi
Matovina m the 130 pound class Matoima was unable to compete m tjie initial meet last Satin day be cause he was lecovcrmg fiom a sen
ous stiep ’ thioat illness Doctois house iic the m un possibilities in
have given Maik the ‘ go sign this ^he dash
week so he’ll be m theie slugging Paul Gutting biothei of Steve against the Wilde it i^icstleib Gutting t’oimei Boileimakei stai Lineup Is Piobable ind Roboit Baines appeal to hold In the he ivici divisions the Riv the edge on the lest of the Boilei etei lineup will piobably consist of mikei 1111^1101== while two sopho
Prank Ruggiei 1 heavyweight Wn ren Eviston 175 pounds Velmai Davis 01 Rogei Claseman 105 lbs and Jim Paialoic 155 lbs Mato Vina will handle the 13C lb depait
moles John Biebiiei md Tom Blown ha\e been dealing aiound SIX feet consistently m the high
jimi])
In the pole vuilt John Gimim
ment and the lemamdei of the light vetci an will be aided by two sopho
■Wgights aic still wide open foi anj
onfe who displays the t dent
moi es Don Ochstein
Newman and IIiiij
—CONVENIENCE SERVICE ECONOMYREIGN AT THE Jhi pMhduSL WbumAidL ^lAmsm.
ATTRACTIVELY FURNISHED ROOMS & SUITES —AVAILABLE TO— PARENTS IMPORTS PERMANENT & TRANSIENT GUESTS FACULTY STUDENTS The Loiiiei of the iainpiis— Yet the Centei of Activities
The bJoJOSL
By Joe Dawson
frosli Quintet Indiana Wins Tw^lvW; Draws Illinois Leads Conference
The Did ft Two Years Ago Two yea’^s ago an Indiana basketball team—lated as the strongest the HoosieU ins*titution has evei produced—invaded the Boileimakei goal hall bim,j,iiig with them a lecord which was equalled by no othei team m the confei'ence oi mUhe nation foi that mattei Those of you who saw the gaime which followed will never forget what happened The Boilei makerled by Don Blembei Piosty Sprowl and Don Blaken completely outclassed the highly touted Hoosieis among them such out standing playeis as Bill and Bob Menke Bob Dro and Jay McCieaiy ► The SaBine Setting This Saturday This Satuiday the scene of action will be changed from West Lafay ette to Bloomington but the situation will be identical with that of two yeais ago - The Hoosieis aie once again lated No 1 in the nation because of then impicssive 12 game winning sueak However, it woludn’t snipriae us a bit to see these underdogs do a whale of a lot of biting and repeat the impiessive perfoimance staged by that couiageous bunch of Boileiuiakeis two years ago ► Wafeh O^t Hoosiers In the past Coach Waid Lambeit has ilways dulled his teams to be able to meet any e meigeney Against each opponent he plans a diffei ent method of attack The delibeiate don t shoot unless you aie wide open type of gstmo which the Riveteis employed against the championship Illmi outfit last yeai is one of the best examples of this planning You can bet your bottom dollar that Lambeit has been pointing for this game Saturday and that the Hoosieis will be up agimst something entiiely different from what they have expected ► They Know They Can Beai 'Em If the Boilermakers could for a complete game play the brand of ball which they used so effectively against Ohio State Monday night they could beat any team in the countij bailing none True they were plenty mad when they went into that game Maybe just the fact that they aie playing Indiana Satuiday will make them even madder We know they cin beat Indiana Friend Biggs Menke Lawson and Ehleis know they can beat em All that remains is to do it INTRAMURALS
BASKEEB^LL
Ihursday Evening Januaiy 28 Com t 2—Hess Whitlock 7 00—Salisbury vs Westniinstci 7 15—Phi Kappa Psi vs Sigma
Chi
8 10—Alpha Gamma Rho vs Lambdi Chi Alpha 8 25—Phi Delta Theta vs Ac ici i Couit 3—Johnson 7 00—Rochdale v^ Dovei 7 15—M 11 wood vs Circle Pines 8 10—Wesley vs Kneale 8 15—Chaiineoy vs Owen
In First Game
1 angular freshman basketball tour nament to be held here at the Field house on Satuiday, February 13, according to the official diaw an nounced today by Guy Mackey ath
letic diiectoi
The luck of the draw has matched the Riveter yearlings against the Illinois freshmen in the first after noon game and Indiana s first year men against Northwestern in the second game The complete sched
Coaches, The Country Over, Approve Idea
V -xi.
Of Purdue Relays
Coach Piggy Lambert’s hustling basketball youngsters, victorious in three out of five Big Ten engagements so far tilis
„ , X r. m season, will journey to Bloomington on Saturday for the sentatives will be matched against renewal of the time-honored Hoosrer hardwood Illinois rivals in the opening after i^^at marks the filst of five straight out of town engsgmte^ noon games of the unique quad that Will keep the surprising Boilermakers on the r0d4 ^&r
nearly four weeks
Following the tilt with the high-scoring Indianh quinicit,
currently rated as the
No 1 collegiate baskethall
team. Coach Ward
latest hardwood creation -Will ^II
tvo engagements at the
Purdue s decision to sponsoi an Stadium on the next two Satur&^s indoor relay meet here on Satur against Northwestern and Great day March 27 to provide wai time Lakes respectively and then- wmd
ule and times for the four way competition in a centrally located up the road jaunt against MrchSgkn tournament the first of its kind in site has met with popular accept m a two game series on Monday Big Ten histoiy was announced as apee on the part of coaches over the and Tuesday February 15 and iS
country The Boilermakers will not return Coach Heimon Phillips diiectoi to the home court until Saturday of the Purdue Relays ani^ounced night February 20 when they lA^et today that in advance of mailing Iowa here m the first of three Mdcout foimal invitations he has al cessive home Big Ten eneoutiters leady received personal letters from that will wind up the season lepiesentatives of 11 schols indi Home and Home Senes
eating that they aie planning en tries m the newly announced meet Schools which have lesponded to
follows
1 30 P M—Purdue vs Illinois 3 00 P M —Indiana vs Noithwes
tern
7 00 PM—Losers of afternoon
games ,
8 30 P M —Winners of afternoon
games
Stars Galore To Be Presented As a result of the vagaries ol the
diaw the possibility exists that the the initial announcement enough to tournament finale for top honors already assure an all star field in might develop into either an all elude Notre Dame Michigan In Indiana or all Illinois tussle All diana Illinois Wisconsin Western four entrants in the tournament Michigan Miami Univeisitj Mich boast a host of former all state high igan State, Drake Marquette and school stars with Dwight Eddie Texas
man the Illinois flash as perhaps the most widely publicized on a na
tional basis
Representatives of the four
Invitation Go Out In Few Dajs The foimal program of events for the meet is now being drafted by Phillips and will be mailed out
schools who took part in making the with formal invitations for entries draw foi the tournament included within the next few days
B VSKFTBAI L I ridai January 29 CoLUt 1—Htsb 7 00—Wud 21 vs Wird 27 7 15—W ud 1 vs Ag Chem 8 10—Waid vs Waid 11 8 25—Ward G vs W iid 22 Coiiit 2—Emcison 7 00—Short Course 1 vs Shoit
Course 3
-Short Course 2 vs Short
Course 4
-Wud 13 vs Ward 2o
25—Winner of Beta Sigmi Psi
vs Navy ind winner ol Theta Chi is Sigm i Al
ph i Mu
Court 3—Morton Marks 7 00—Unit 2 vs Unit 6 7 15—Unit o vs Unit 4 8 10—Unit 5 vs Unit 7 1 RAILRNITY SQUASH Ehursdaj Evening Januaiy 28 Court 1— 7 00—Delta Upsilon vs Acacia 8 00—Phi Kapp i vs T ui Kappa
Epsilon
Gouit 2— 7 00—Phi Delta Theta vs Pi Kap p i Alph i 8 00—Alpha Chi Rho vs Alpha Kapp i Lambd i Couit 3—^
7 00-
Doug Mills Illinois athletic diiec tor and head basketball coach Wal do Pishei assistant basketball men tor at Northwestern Bill Johnson assistant basketball coach Indiana University and Dutch Feliiing head freshman basketball coach at Purdue At the time of the draw repre sentatives of the four competing schools agreed that the plrying los teis of each team will be limited to 15 men
Plans have alieady been com pleted foi the construction of a ten lap to the mile track in the spacious Purdue Fieldhouse which will give a clear view of the track from all points of the peimanent balconies that have a seating capacity of close to 4 000 In addition to seats in the balcony which will be avail
The current spotlight, of cootse, IS tocus=ed on the opening of" the home and home series with thfe Hoosieis who have been Setting a irfeb01 d breaking scoring pace as they have chalked up twelve straight vie tones Although Indiana rules as a heavy favorite to continue on fke victory road anything is apt tu h&p pen when Hoosier and BoiIerrhAkei meet in any sport and Riveter partisan s hopes are somewhat buoyed by the all time record of the seriete While Indiana has won five of the last seven starts the Boilermakeits still hold a top heavy edge ill alltime play with 52 victories as Coin pared with only 15 for the HoosifeK Last season the heavily favored In diana squad was forced to the limit to eke out a 40 39 victory m a clas-
sic battle at Bloomington
In all probability Coach Ward Lambert who has been forced to
be erected on the Fieldhouse floor
alongside the track
Bill Lind, Minnesota Cager, Stars On Defense, Offense
8 00-
•Dclt i T lu Delta vs Beta Urcta Pi •Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Sig
ma Nu
7 15-
8 10-
WANTA TINKER’ cquipmeni' all at EDGERTON HDW INC E W VanMeter, Pres
N O T I c r Sigma Delta Psi tests will be held Thuisd ly Januaiy 28 at 4 lop m Meet it west end oi Fieldhouse —GOLDSTEIN Geoige Hambiug assistant com nany eommandei and „naid on the Gloat Lakes Naval Tiaining Sta turn basketball team was a mem l)ei ol two ch impionship quintets i hilo attending the University of Coloiado He helped Coloiado win I oeky Mountain Confejcnce titles in the 19x0 10 and 1911 42 se isons Haiibuig who weighs 190 pounds and IS G leet 3 inches tall also rliyed b iseball it Coloiado
Faculty Bowling Ll AGUE STANDINGS Jan 18 22
•pan Cokd T ode Mo k Reg U S Pat Otf
Oiigiiialed by Max Factor Hollywood The new modem make-up that.., ...creates a lovely, utw coni- ^ r* ^ picxion .helps hide tiny coin- ^ B plexiou faults . stays on for houis without le-powdeiing ^ MAX FACTOR HOUYWOOD MAKE-UP. .MAIN (Aaelh-
FLOOR
W
L
Animal Husbandly
39
13
Civil Engineering
38
19
English
38
19
Agiicultuial Extension
38
19
Poultry
35
22
Agiicultuial Chemistiy 1
35
22
Speech
35
22
Physical Plant
34
2o
Hoiticultuie
33
24
Physics
o2
25
Executive
32
2o
Electiical En„ineeimg
2
25
bav^i Tiaining Station
31
26
Jkgncultiu ll Engineering
lO
27
Agiicultuial Chemistry 2
29
28
Daily
29
28
Mechinieil Engineering
28
29
R idio rngineeiiiu
27
30
Chemistry 2
27
sO
Agionomy 2
2C
M
Poiestiy
2G
31
Recitation
20
31
Apionomy 1
25
s2
A,,ileultiu ll Chemistiy J
25
x)2
Chemical Enginoeiin
2i
34
Chemistiy 1
21
36
Agi Experiment Slition
21
oO
Genci ll En ineeiing
21
s6
Genci rl Stoies
21
6
Phai mac\
20
o7
Biology
18
39
Aimy
1-7
10
Hull Term Sets—Agi
Exten
able to the geneial public a limited fiequent changes in lineup of numbei of leserved box seats will sophomoie junior squad due to
personnel losses to the aimed serv ices will stick to the brand new staitmg combination incorporating Max Biggs who gained sophomord status this teim as a forward along
with Piul ‘Duffy Friend
Biggs Stars In Ohio State Series Biggs who made his fii st collfegi ate appearances in the Ohio State senes over the week end, drew the starting assignment in the second game of the Buckeye senes as the Boilermakers turned in one of their most impressive performances of
season The alert ball-hawking
ind deft passing of the former Jeff of Lafayette high school stai, staited to score again It all began in the Daitmouth game Januaiy 6
Minneapolis Jan 27—Big Bill Lmd veisatile centei 01 foi waid on Minnesota s basketball team has regained his magic touch Lanky Lind who for the past two years has been rated one oi the best de rensive men in the Big Ten has
Bill had been the leading scoiei in the Minneapolis high school league m 1937 and had set two new 1 ecoi ds but w hen he came to Minne sota tor some unknown leasoii his tosses would not drop through the hoop Foi two jeais the cry at Min
the Boilermaker fast breaking at-
tack
The remainder ot the startiitg quintet w ill undoubtedly be made up of the three regulars” CaptaiaAl Menke centei and Ed Ehlers Floyd'Rudy Lawson guards, who have been the only peimanent fix-
sion ^8()7 Aniinil Elusbindiv 270( Duly 2001 Rccilrlion 206 III h Icim G rmes—A. 1 Exlen Sion J87 D 11 j 915 Agi Chem 1 938 Kecil itnu 927 / III h Ind Sets — Se ito 1 007 Ho( ill 57 i let 0O2 Fiobt oOl H gli In i C lines—btalon Gould 211 Ilotici 1 210 H h rtun Sets to D itt —Ln libh ^903 V 1 Lxtin un „s9x Ph Its X.85J Lxtciliie -851 H h Tt in t lints to Diet Liuhsh 101) Ph\si s 10 0 f tn ei ll I lOx \ i\ ll 11 St i
1022
III h t( 1 h In 1 Sets I ■) D itt— Wykoll 050 F P Milki (ll2 Knoll 63i Lehl ti 01 1 High Weekly Ind C, lines to Ditt -H F Oven 208 W L Cl u 1 250 Bteis 253 Biyius 251
nesota was we need a centei who tuies in the Boilermakei lineup all
can scoie i^ind if it weie not foi Linds ,^ieat defensive play he might have lost his position
Lmd Again Stars
Then in the Daitmouth game this yen Bill regained tint intangible somethin^ and the bill stated tall ing thiough the bisket insteid ot hitting the 11m and bountin^ off as it hid done so many times in his fust two yoais Lmd time thioiuh with five field go ils and i rice thiow ioi a totil ot eleven points m thit game and since tint time he his been the Gopheis huh point
m in
When Mmnesoti opened its Bu len seison ig unst low i Li d was not expected to pliv He hid been on eiute'es 1 1st i d ij beioie the ga no and was eon&ulcied i defn ite
loss ioi it Ic'ist tie lust w lien Minnesot is statu
the flooi Lmd v\ is not onl\ it ten tei but came up with twelve points’ as the Gopheis won In the second low i g line which Minnesot i losi
Lmd ol I3
Good On I tee 1 hiow s On the tiee thnw hie Bill his piobiblv i bettei leeoid this yea thin in\ 1) isl etl ill plivei u the eonteienee He h s nude _l out of 1 -.ills shots HI the C rpheis his' nine anes bi t I in 1 is n lest lb u 1 is ne\ I 1 lined se 111 ll illt\ ale s lei the t st W ce 1 s n line 11 I ) f 1 las best Ih it w s the \e l the 1 l 1 11 \ Ol the Pi Ten ind \itnni! 1 is let! ill ehai[ on I [ W istonsi w ill nit ell l lies 111 IJ 11 in 1 the cnlv llemisli n then leeo I w IS i 1 27 les it It e li ai is e t
Minnesot i
Lmd W IS Best V.t Dtltust Sensitionil iohnnj kitz w is nlv i sephemoie thin ml W is eonsinK ite w is t cue L ngliuid tin
season Menke a biother of Bill rnd Bob Menke former Indiana stars and Ehlers a fast dribbling and accurate shooting sophomore, hive been leading the Boilermaker scoring parade while Lawson, a, converted tor ward has developed into one of the best rebound control men m the conference in addition to being dingeious as a long shot
Lambert Loses Ed Guard, To Army Air
Edvv ad Jones of Jasper, reogrve Lia 1 on Purdue s basketballaquSid, e riled to active dutv as an aViation eidet m the Aimv An Coip^ Ifeft he 0 tod ly eii loiite to Coluin||iiS^,
Ohio for training assignmeiit
Jones i Jill 101 m the schooV<i(f line But forestry who wound up his five took careei tempoi uilv at least i biief appear inee against Ohto St ite Mondiy night experts io be issigned to i Tex is field lor tram
mg
The toiihei Jaspei high school st a Is the second boileimikei to be e lie to vetive ti lining since the si isen st ated Bu lens leidmg scoiei at the time W hen the Badgers came to Minnesot i Lmd was given the moie thin diftieult task o± guarding Fiulund Pu Bill came through w th piobilly the greatest detens ve ^ aut that he evei plhyed, holihi X, 1 nglund to i meie thieb peitu An 1 the story behind Lind’s -,ieit iliN chit uuht can be ex 11 lined bill had cm died it the Univeid sitv ot Wisconsin attei giuduatin^ tioiu huh school and played bP© vtai ot tieshman basketball there He doeidtd howevev that he wu-i eomiiu back homo the next year)■ Cl
A
m m
m.
^4 wAiiimtmmm
Purdue Exponent
Thursday, January 28, 194^]
w®
slB
with SUE COX and BETTY MANEY
Welding Foundation Personnel Notes Greenskeepers' Class Companies Scheduled to Visit _ . . _ To Award Scholarships ingersoii-itandCo., Now Yoi'ic To Start Fobruary 15
For Best Themes
Notices
Undergraduate students of all branches of engineering are eligible
to participate in the Engineering
Undergraduate Award and Scholar-
SOMETHING TO SHOUT ABOUT! ship Program sponsored by the Soiithivorth's ingenious answer to the government James P. Lincoln Arc Welding metal saving order is costume jewelry made of Foundation. There are 77 awards shell, glass, macaroni and wood. Colorful as Flor- and seven scholarships given, ida sunsets—light as the ocean breeze are the ex- amounting to the total of $6,750.
City — February 1. Interested in Api il and August ME, EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday noon,
January 30.
U. S. Steel Corporation of Delaware, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.— Interested in men who have majored in accounting, auditing, or statistics. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday noon, January 30. Socony-Vacuum Oil Co., Inc., Deroit, Mich.—Interested in Graduate
citingly different necklaces seen at Soutlnvorth’s it is the purpose of this program (male and female). Sign
Gift Shop for just a trifling. It's 'worth everything, to encourage the study of arc weld , _ just everything, coeds, to know that your nails ^d constructions through cash ttroomed and the Rcvelon nail ^polish also found at South- awards offered for the best papers WOfllT’s will do the trick. submitted. Awards arc given to ; students on the basis of the exceltb ,GET DOWN TO CASES, FELLOWS, lence of a paper written by the stu-
McGregor sweaters arc perhaps the most famous feWJalers in America, it s known to millions, and the Riis&^^hal Company. 322 Main Street, arc agents Wr.iltis line- Tiloy have sleeveless, pullovers, and bttitdnslyle sweaters in plain and in argyle. And for ll|dsecold winter evenings when you and your best
gAl ire tobogganing, you'll he riding in high style if you're wearing receive an amount of money dupli- Wednesday, February 3. a^bright colored ski sweater. You’ll he sure to find some to your eating the awards, being used for Fairbanks, Morse & Co., Beloit,
the purpose of scholarships in the Wisconsin—Interested in April and departments in which the students August ME. Sign in Personnel Ofaie registered. The department in Wednesday, February 3. which the first award winner is reg- g_ civil Service Commission, istered will receive $1,000 for four Washington, D. C.—Senior students annual scholarships of $250 each, .^^ith major study in any field may the department in which the second ijecome qualified fdr positions
in Personnel Office by Saturday,
Januaiy 30.
Wright Field Signal Corps, Dayton Signal Depot, Meteorological Division—Interested in men or women who have specialized in
dent concerning the arc welded con- electricity. For further struction of parts of machines, com- inquire at the Personplete machines, trusses, girders, or ^y Saturday, January 30. structural parts. york Ice Machinery Corporation, The institutions represented by York, Pa.—-Interested in ME, ChE, the three top students winners will psE. Sign in Personnel Office by
"bright
liTcing. prices range from S2.95 to S10,00 GLAMOUR AFTER D.ARK???
Wc can think of no better place to achieve this Glamour than at Kicnly Beauty Studio. Sophomore Cotillion is this Friday night and all you gals want
lv'riro-nUhfidlyTl-a.ri^^ "f i'"
,„„rfcr„ and romplcto *o,,a. There are [our c “y„: perienced operators and the} specialize in the veiv best of permanent waves, hair styling, shampoos,
Members of the Indiana Greenskeepers’ Association will meet at the University Monday and Tuesday, February 15-16, for their fifth annual short course. The general topic to be considered is the maintenance and management oif golf courses, with particular emphasis on war-time substitutes for chem-
ical nitrogen.
The annual two-day gathering, sponsored by the Division of Physical Education for Men, Department of Agricultural Extension and the Indiana Greenskeepers’ Association, will be given over largely to a series of round table discussions led by University specialists. Subjects to be discussed include soils and fertilizers, with Dr. George D. Scarseth and Glen Lehker as leaders; grasses and fairways, with Prof. G. 0. Mott, leader, and general maintenance problems, with 0. C. Lee and Carl Bretzlaff, Indianapolis, as leaders. Other features of the short course will include a discussion of latest developments in the fertilizer field by 0. J. Noer, nationally known agronomist w-ith the Milwaukee sewerage commission and an adHerb Graffis, editor of at a banquet, Monday
No Notices will be accepted for this column after 6 p. m. on the day prccedins the issue. Entrlisli and Speech Exams: Make-up exams for studont-s with conditions in English and Speech will be held on Saturday afternoon, Jan. 30, at 1 o’clock in Room 201, University Hall. Rcmoval-of-condition cards should be obtained by Friday preceding the examination from the English oflicc, 108 University Hall. —CREEK Students: Who would like part time work should get in touch with the Dean of Men’s Office. —GOLDSMITH Interfraternity Presidents Council: Members may get their council keys at the Fraternity Affairs Office. ■—MORGAN ME 11, 63, and 66: Make-up examinations Saturday, January 30, at 1 p. m., room MB 301. —AULT
Skull and Crescent Memb4rS: Conlec at SAE fraternity about yottf to Cotillion. It is important. —COJ
Industrial Recreation Class: PEM 16^ will be held Thursday, January 28, at 7:15 p. ni. in room 110 of the Ficldhoilse, mswad of Monday, January 16. —CLEVETT ^ Conditions: Examinations for the remoVdl of conditions and incompietes in History, Economics and Government will be held On* Saturday. February 6, at 1 p. m. in room 313, Recitation Building. Application mi^t
be made at the History office not
Friday, February 5.
dre.s£. by Golfdom,
night.
scalp treatuicnts, and facials VALENTINE VALUES. With Valentine Day not .so tar awav. vou fellows are prohabK licginning to worry about wbat to get your best gal. This prolileni can be solved liv simple arithmetic that gives us a best girl plus Valcntinc Dat eQuallinp a \ alcntinc card and a box of ScHrafft's Candy. Now. that's that, all you have to do is dash down to the Ijniversity Bookstore wdiere you will find a beautiful selection of cards and a tantalizing array of Schrafft's caiid}. So hnrrv up, fellow's, and remember, tempos
fugits.
ships, and the department of the third award winner will receive $250 for one scholaiship. The scholarships will be awarded on the basis of scholastic attainment, imagina-
nel Office at once.
The Peisonnel Office has information concerning scholaiships and fellowships at the following insti-
tion, ingenuity and ability without -tu^ions;
regard to the financial need of the James F. Lincoln Arc Weldstudent, and will be named for the Foundation, Cleveland, Ohio— student who won the corresponding j,(;holarship for engineering under-
award.
Every undergraduate engineer has the oppoitunity to domonstiate his ability and oiiginality in this paper. The student ill be in coin-
graduates.
T’he New York School of Social Work, Columbia University, New York—fellowship for foreign students; also w'ork-study fellowship
petition only with other undergrad- oiaduate students.
'Best Fed Soldier' (Continued fiom page 2) cels are received by those for whom they are intended. Twenty thousand Ameiican Red Cross parcels ■were sent last June to the Far East on the neutral diplomatic exchange ship, the Gripsholm for distiibution by International Red Cl OSS Committee delegates to
American prisoners in Japan, Occu- (jgj. spark engine. The film, pied China and the Philippines. The ^vhich will present the cylindei’s Gripsholm also carried 1,000,000 mternal operation in detailed slow cigarettes, 10,000 tins of smoking motion, is the result of two yeais tobacco, $50,000 worth of medical gf expensive losearch at Langley
supplies, and quantities of clothing pield, Virginia.
and other necessities furnished by ^ super-strong
the Army and Navy.
Much larger quantities of sup- bigd-^ the th ree ])i incipal plies have been loaded on the Grips- ggnciitions encountcied in the op-
holni in anticipation of her second sailing, for which final clearance ■with the Japanese is still aw'aited. ' Fver since the entry of the United States into the war, negotiations have been carried on vigorously
nates. For fuither infoimation concerning rules, regulations, topics, and judging, anyone interested is urged to see the office of the head of any engineering department. WBAA Begins New Student Talent Show WBAA will stait its talent show'. Campus Varieties, again this Satin day afternoon at 4. The show will originate fiom the huge audience studio of the Music Hall, and the general student body is invited to
see it.
Mamy Malm and his band, vocal guest artist, Carol} n Wood, and a cast of eighteen otheis aie included
in the show.
YWCA Organizes Membership Drive Coeds who aic inteicstcd in fill-
knocking or detonation can be ob- ing out YWCA membership cards served to great advantage. The in- should come to the office on the credible speed—10,000 liames pei third flooi of the Union some tune
SAE To Present Movie On Gas Engine Tonight This evening in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineeiing Building, the society of Automotive Engineeis will pi esent a high speed ])hotograj)hic study of the action which takes place inside the cylin-
eiation of internal combustion engines, noimal, pie - ignition, and
Cornell Universitj, Ithaca, New York—research assistantships for men or women with science degrees. National Sand and Gravel Association Research Foundation, University of Maryland, College Park, Md.—fellowship foi seniois, grad-
uated or staff.
California Institute of 'Fechnology, Pasadena, Cahforma^—Fellow’ships, scholai ships and assistantships in engineering, biology, chemisti y, geology, mathematics, meteorology, and physics. Any .student or staff membei Intel ested in details should come to the Personnel Office at once. Placement Notes For Women Civil Service has announced that senior students with major study in any field may now become qualified foi positions as Junior Engineer, [laying $2,000 a year plus overtime. Women are particularly urged to secure the necessary hours of rcquiicd study for those positions. The Commission has 'extended the field to pel.sons .studying drafting
Delta Gamma First In WAA Swimming Results of the WAA Intramural Swimming Meet, which was held Tuesday night, have been announced. First place in the meet was taken by Delta Gamma and second and third places went to Kappa Kappa Gamma and Chi Omega, respectively. Individual honors went to Betty Harrison, Delta Gamma, who emerged with seven first place awards. Muni Price, Alpha Chi Omega, was next with three second
awards.
First and second place winners in each event were as follow.s: Foim breast stroke, Betty Harrison, Delta Gamma; Mimi Price, Alpha Chi Omega; form back stroke, Betty Hariison, Mimi Price; form Cl awl stioke, Betty Harrison, Mildicd Smith, Ward 2; form diving, Betty Craig, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Ellen Clarke, Kappa Kappa Gamma; 40 yard back stroke i-ace, Betty Harrison, Mary Ellis Taylor, Chi Omega; 40 yard breast stroke race, Betty Ilairisen, Mimi Price; 40 yard tree style lacc, Betty Harrison, Mary Ellis Tailor; 100 yard free style race, Betty Harrison, Baibara Weldon, Noith Hall WRH, and 60 yard medley relay. Kappa Kappa
Gamma.
Chrasfian Foundation . . . will sponsoi a party in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union following the convocation tomorrow. The meeting is open to all new students as well as those who have
Road School (Continued from page 1) as to build 1800 foot bridges of wood in eight and one-half days. The road is designed to conform to certain 1941 standards and is a 70 mile an hour highway. Music was played for the dinner by Dave Simpson on the piano and solo-vox, and the Men’s Glee Club, ’under the direction of A1 Stewart, entei’tained the conferees with a short interlude of songs. Many of the Univei’sity staff were present, among them Professor Frank Hockema, Dean Knapp, and Dean Goldsmith. It was originally hoped that President Elliott would be present to preside over the banquet; however, he was detained in
Washington.
University To Choose Three Billiard Teams Hal Roberts has been upsetting records for the Billiard Room. On Tuesday he won the Three Cushion Tournament, defeating John Blanton and H. W. Bottomley who finished second and third respectively. A month ago he won the Straight Rail Tournament. Attention now' centers on preparatory tournaments for .selection of five man teams for the Intercollegiate Tournaments, 141 pockets, to bo played on Februaiy 18, three cushions on Feb. 25, and straight rail billiards on March 4. Candidates for the teams will he chosen from John W. Blanton, Hal Roberts, James Fleager, R. H. Popejoy, R. A. Spencer, V. G. Sharpe, Robert Goodrich, R. E. Baker, R. A. Dover, Geoige Can oil, P. W. Harrington, Robert Teitel, F. S. Billings, Jack McLean and M. J. Banenochea. Entries will remain open until one week before
above dates.
second—at which the picture was duimg the week. The office will be in college in any field, such as com- previously been on the campus.
through Red Cioss and diplomatic taken allows the actual speed of the open from 4 to
channels to establish a regular shipment of food parcels and other comforts for American prisoners in the Far East. Delay in completing such arrangements foi prisoners of war is not unusual. It took almost a year before the British could make satisfactory anangements for sending regular supplies of lood paiccls from England foi British prisoners held in Germany, in spite of the short distance to the Continent and othei obviously more favoralile fac-
tors.
In addition to the distiibution of material aid. all infoimation about piisoners of war is cleaiud thiough the International Red Cioss Conimi'ttee’s Cential .4genc\ foi Pii.-,-oners of Wai at Geneva, to which the h|elligcrent nations acting iindei the terms of the Geneva Convention of 1939, send li^ts of those <a)jtured,',and the location ol then [iiison camp.s, for transmission to the eohotry intei ested. Up to Decenihei 9, 1942, Gcimany had lepoited 28 U S. [iiisoners of war and 1,491 inteined U. S. civilians, of whom 788 wero men and 703 women. Italy had lepoiled 15 U. S. prisoneis of war and 21 U S. iiiteinee^ ol whom l.'l weie men and 8 women .Japan had i eported 1,442 U S. jn isonei •- ol wai, 310 Arm.}, 728 Marine Coijis anil 404 Navy and l,88.i'U. S. inteinee^, 1,596 men and 287 women Japan holds many timi's this niimhei ol Anieneaiis, and cvei v a\affable mean.-s i*- being usi'ff to obtain iiom Japan complete lisl^ ol name-, the furnishing oJ which i^ lequiieff uniler the Intel national Coin entioii which that coimtiy h.is agieeff to apply.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
0 p. m.
opeiations going on inside the cylinder to be slowed 2,500 times. The picture is being sent here fioin the National Advisoiy Committee On Aeionautics, in Washington at the request of the Univeisity chapter ot SPA. The film was pioduced [lumaiily fpi piesentation before technicians. However, anyone intei ested in the decpoi mysteries ot automotive cngincciing n invited to attend the show-
Dr. E. C. Young . ol the Agneultuial EionomiLs (lejiai tment, sjiolio in Indianapolis last night to the city laimeis gioup, composed ot business men who ov\ n iarm.s, on “Faim Real Estate as an Investment.”
A progiam is being planned tor
mcicial art and interior decorating to meet Fedeial demands foi cngi-
next Monday at 4 p. m. at which neering draftsmen.
time members may state piefciences tor committee work. WJ!^
Volleyball champs who made the all-stai team will play the last game tonight at 4. Members of the “blacks” include Brita Kraepelien, Gail Hennis, Emma Hillaeit, Hairiet Cainiibell, Rebecca Gettingei, Selma Maikman, Dons Compton anil Betty Millei. “Golds” have Libby Baughman as then captain with Mai ion Williamson, Ruth Rule, Lon VeiHoeveii, Jo.\ce Allen, Doiotliy Doddiiilge, Jean Brackman, Betty Galbiaitli, Mai ion LaFuze
and Pati icia Can oil.
Other examinations now open arc for accounting and auditing assistants, economists, economic analysts, tiaffic and transpoitation ■specialists and statisticians. Any woman student interested should inquiie at the Placement Seivicc foi Women
or phone 2955.
SHAVE HITLER SAVE AMERICA buu
WAR cSTAMPJ
Crown Cleaning Service Makes It Possible lor you lo more “wearaj^e” Irom your clothes. More “mileaj^c*” for tires llirouj^h reeajis . . . more “wearaj^e” for elollies when you use Oown Cleaiiiiij^ Service Regularly. Crown Laundry
FINE DRY CEE AN INC
"PLEiSURE PACTS” BY LfeNTHEBIC
Completely nevr, completely different, are LENTHERIC’s powder pacts—convenient, compressed face powder and perfume powder tablets which yield fragrant, soft powder at the whisk of a puff! They’re marvelous traveling companions, eliminating the nuisance of spilled powder —and tuck away on vanity or bathroom shelves in practically no space at all. The revolutionary new face POWDEH PACT is available in Siesta, Sunplexion, Beige Satine and Goldtone shades, Tweedscented; and the perfume pow-der-pact (fragrant body powder) is also presented in Tweed. Face Powder Pact $1.00 Perfume Powder-Pact $1.75
lx>.st ond Found: All lost and found articlci in the Senate office not claimdd py, February 1 will be sold. 'l Alpha Phi Omeira: Hallelujah I Key^s iiavc arrived. See Bender, 26'1'W, Caryg Exponent Workers: There will be a mhelinit of the following people at 4:15 P-.m.. Friday, Jan. 29, in the editorial pffictt: Winslow, Speek, Somhier, Ford i, Playshop Ushers: All those intotoled-in usherinK for the next Plajlshop pfoduefioh, “The Eve of St. Mark”, please call FoWler
Hall, 4269, and leave name.
meeting: called later. —DUKE Kappa Delta Psi: There will be a meeting Thursday, Jan. 28, at 7 :30 p. rt. in FOOirt 30'2 of the Union. It is importent thaj »» members be present. —JOHNSON CE 41: An examination for the remoi^j of conditions and incompietes m CB 41 WIU bo held in room 126, Heavilon Hall, 1 :W to 4:30 p. m., Saturday, Feb. 6. Pormmjon to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned bi'tore ■ Gold Peppers: There wilt be a mCijUnit Friday, Jan. 29, at 4 p. m. iii room 8W.
—MacDOMALD -
War Council: There will bo a meeting.on Thursday, Jan. 28, at 7 p. m. in the StUde^ Union office. There will be voting on members. It is very important that ^ bo, there. -SLifiorER Kiflcry: Girls must got in three practicea this week Tuesday through Thursday. Jwre than one practice may be made a^nij|ht. M. E.’s and Ae’s: A meeting of thh Society of Automotive Engineers will be held Thursday, Jan. 28, at 7:30 p. m. ih roJilh 207 of the M. E. building. A high Bpied jihotographic study of detonation in a spdrlc engine will be shown in slow motiom '
—ZIMNEY
Gimlet: Dinner meeting tonight at Sigma Nu house at 6 p. m. New Pledgcs^yiU be
elected.
-MENKE
Exponent Workers: There will be an iniiliortant meeting for the following workei’li on mv beat in the office tomorrow at 4 p. m.: Lvnoh, Spandet. Richardson, Hahn, Folr-
son Be prompt
-RICHA
i Stepher .RDSON
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, Jan. 28, at 7 '.SO p. m in room 212 of the Union. - SALISBURY WAA: Badminton Tuesday and Thursday at 1 p in in the women's gym. —RULE
S. R. Wirth
. . .was elected president of the Gary Works Foremen Club recently. Wirth i.s a graduate of the Univer.sity and is a member of Tau Beta Phi and Eta Kappa Nu, honorary engineering fraternities, the American Society for Metals and the A. I. E. E.
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds, watches* Rtiiis, lupffupTc, typewriters. Albert's Loan 407 Columbia. Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rcnt(d, repairod, and purchaaed. Mimeograph woik done. C. .T. EbershofT, 606 Main* Lafayette. Phone 2779. Lost—Solitary T*iftany diamond rnBagement linjf. Phone 8139. Liberal reward. Lost—K and E Vector Slide Rule. Reward. Call Krocnert at 2661. Wanted—Students interested in 3>cddUnK tlu* Exponent. Call Exponent, 4005, Aak for Kioeplin. Lost—Gray pigbkin jrloven Saturday in (lunnstry Annex or Lin ion Cafeteria. Rop« Lit KiiiK. Dept, ot Chemistry. Squash and Tennis restrin^nfr. No aw! tcnsion-tipThtenin}' equipment used. Don Dial, phone 83823.
“Joe” clothes uill be in older for
the evening.
Try an Exponent Classified!
DR. PAUL A, RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Phone 5701
ADVANCED BALLROOM CLASS OPENS Thurs., Feb. 4th, 7:30 P. M. LATE FOX-TROTS, JITTER BUG, HESITATION WALTZ AND RUMBA WILL BE TAUGHT BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS Wed., Feb. 3rd, 7:30 P, M. STRAIGHT DANCING TAUGHT ALLEN S and Ferry
FLOWERS Maku an Evniiiiit; an Event
M'h 'Ivj. '
A CORSAGE AMR YOUR EVEMIMG AT THE SOPHOMORE CDTILLIOM WILE RE A SUCCESS. (^IoaL Qo.
527 Main Street-
Phone 8451