Yu
O
THE V^THBR Forecast for Indiana: Lig^ht snow today, slightly colder in south; generally fair tomorrow.
Purdue Exponent
IHDBSDAY Fet>ruafy23.1939 VoLSO No. 121
Z-180
Sororities Will Decorate Ballroom For Pan-Hellenic We’re pretty sure that your “castles in the air” won’t tumble down tomorrow night when you dance to the sweet rhythms of Art Kassel and his “Kassel’s in the Air.’’ The occasion— Women’s Pan-Hellenic Ball. ’Most everyone is planning to be there. We went down to the Union workshop hoping to find out just how the sororities are planning to decorate their wall panels. It seems there are seven wall panels planned for each side of I I "I ■-i.-.ii..-. the ballroom.
Hoof And Horn To Give Pageant With Banquet Tuesday Arrangements have been completed for dramatization of the ^Tork Pageant,” to be accompanied by a banquet in Central Presbyterian Church Educational Building next Tuesday night. The pageant or play portraying the bringing of pork into this country by the Spaniard DeSoto, has been worked up to replace the “Knighting of Sir Loin” ceremonies of previous years. This pageant and banquet is an annual feature of the Hoof and Horn Club, working in cooperation with members of the staff of the animal husbandry! department of the school of agriculture. Both pork and beef, produced on University farms, will be served at the banquet. The pageant, in complete costume and staging, will be enacted by student members of the Hoof and Horn Club. “Livestock Production” Main banquet speaker will be Col. E. N. Wentworth, in charge of the research bureau of Armour and company, Chicago. Col. Wentworth’s talk will concern “Livestock Production in the United States Before the Days of Puiebreds.” Col. Wentworth was at one time a member of the staff at Iowa State College at Ames. University students in animal husbandry may attend. Former Star Dies From Heart Attack David B. Charters, ChE ’ll, a former basketball and baseball star, died last week at his home in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Charters, who passed his 61st birthday last Wednesday, February 15 succumbed to a heart attack. He was employed as manufacturing engineer at the generator division of Westinghouse Mecferic and Manufacturing Company, East Pittsburgh.
Eacjh of the seven sororities will have two panels, located directly opposite each other. In Old English lettering we’ll see the letters of each sorority, and on either side of the letters will hang streamers m the
corority colors.
Green Backdrop ' Your qyes will be caught by the striking black letters “Women’s Pan-Hellenic, 1939” on a draped backdrop of soft green. The orchestra fronts will repeat the soft green of the backdrop. On each we will read the name of a sorority. The programs? They are blue suede, lettered in gold. They are rather good looking, and we’re wondering if, for once, the eds will take them over. Since it’s a co-ed bid dance it will be their privilege. Yes, it’s fun for the co-eds to change places once in awhile, and ask whomever they please. But how do you eds like it? Fying Club Issues Call For New Members; Five
Debris Editor Asks For Ft'osh Workers Freshmen interested in working on the editorial staff of the Debris, University yearbook, are asked by editor Fred W. Winter to report to the Debris office on the second floor of the Union Building today at 4 p. m. Work for the remainder of this semester will consist of copy-writ-ing, typing, and assisting in mounting pictures. Although work during freshman year will not be counted toward a junior position, the experience gained will prove useful and helpful for the sophomore year. Winters said. Frosh To Choose Representatives Two freshmen representatives for the WSGA executive board will be elected at a WSGA mass meeting this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the women’s lounge of the Union Building. Mary Ruth Craig, Bonnie Swope, Mary Elizabeth Henry, Jime Close, Thelma Cox, Janet Bourne, Janet Avery, Joyce Fielden, and Mollie Harding are candidates for these positions. Freshmeh must bring passports if they wish to vote. Professor Marian Willoughby of the clothing and textiles department in the school of home economics, will speak to the group on “Hobbies.” She will also exhibit a group of dolls dressed to represent traditional costumes throughout the world. Foremen Continue
Class A Memberships Open Troining CourSO
Presenting an opportunity for the students who are unable to enter the CAA flying course. Flying Club is issuing a call for new members. According to Ray Chevedden, newly elected president, five class A memberships costing $85 each are now available, and the class B membership is unlimited. Class a' membership includes an interest in the 1937 Aeronca and entitles the member to the reduced flying rate of $3 per hour. B membership IS merely associate, and does not carry the privilege of low flying cost. Dues are $1 a semester for all members. Officers for the coming semester are Ray Chevedden, president; Dick Kimball, vice-president; Lois Hollingsworth, secretary; and Chris Reising, treasurer.
Sigma Pi...
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of William E. Heaton, Fowler; Charles G. Manley, Kansas City, Mo.; Charles J. Hart, Fort Wayne; and Firman R. Knipp, La Crosse.
Dr. Hiel Bollinger Will Discuss
Chrisfianify Al Religious Meeling 6i,eIalkAIFraiklin
Foremen from 23 industrial firms of northern and central Indiana are receii^ing special foremanship training through courses held by Prof. George F. Buxton, of the Engineering Extension Department of the
University.
Meetings, alternating weekly between northern and southern districts, started in January, and will continue through April. East Chicago firms which are participating in this program include the following companies: Superheater, International Smelting & Refining, Edward Valve and Manjfacturing, Socony-Vaeuum, Cities Service, Shell Petroleum* Standard Forgings, Cudahy Packing, Dupont, and Graver Tank Manufacturing. Indianapolis companies include Schwitzer-Cummins, Indianapolis Drop Forgings, Bemis Brothers Bag Company, J. D. Adams Manufacturing, and National Malleable and Steel Castings. Shelbyville Desk Company, The Spiegle Furniture Company, Kennedy Car Liner and Bag Company, all of Shelbyville, and Union Tank Car and American Smelting and Refining Companies of Hammond are also taking advantage of this train-
ing service.
Turkish Student Will
‘Christianity and the Social Order’’ will be the topic of the fifth talk in the series marking the Wesley Foundation’s observance of Religious Emphasis Week. Dr. Hiel D. Bollinger, national secretary of the Wesley Foundations, will talk on that subject tonight at 7 o’clock in the West Lafayette Meth-
odist Church.
Dr. Bollinger, who was Methodist student pastor at the University dxming t^e eight yegrs between 1926 and 1933, will discuss such current topics as religion and war, economic justice, unemployment and
racial brotherhood.
Bollinger will also speak at a meeting of the Religious Council today at 4 p. m. in the Union Building. He will speak about the University Preaching Mission which the Council may bring here next year. Other speakers who will appear during the remainder of the week will be Dr. Guy Carpenter, pf the Central Avenue Church, Indianapolis, who will speak tomorrow, and Rev. Merrill McFall of Crown Point, who will close the prog;ram on Sun-
day night.
Angna Enters Entertains Audience With Interesting Dance Pantcimiine
Dr. Hiel Bollinger
Nurettin Ayasun, ME ’39, native of Turkey and president of the Cosmopolitan Club, will address a chapel gathering at Franklin College, Franklin, Ind., this morning. Tonight he will speak before the International Relations Club of the same institution on “Political and Sociological Background of 'Tur-
key.”
These engagements /were made possible by the Purdue Student Speakers Bureau, a non-profit organization formed for the purpose of giving University students an opportunity to put their classroom speech theories into practice. The bureau was spopsored by the speech department, and although it was organized only last fall, has achieved success in presenting student speakers to local audiences. Phi Kappa Tau... . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Ned Sngelhart, qf Chicago, 111.
Nina Hayes Dutton To Offer Music Room Concert On Sunday Nina Hayes Dutton, instructor of piano at Bomar Cramer Studio of Music, Indianapolis, will present the Sunday afternoon music room concert at 4 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building, Mrs. Dutton made her concert debut last March, and has since established her reputation as a dependable and seasoned pianist. Her program Sunday promises to be one of the University’s exceptionally fine concerts, officials in charge stated. Walter Whitworth, music critic of the Indianapolis News, has acclaimed Nina Hayes Dutton a pianist of charm and poise, and the possessor of brilliant and facile technique, as well as ^ pianist whose tone is warm and beautiful. Harding, Alumni Will Speak At Mid-West Power Conference Dr. C. F. Harding, hehd of the electrical engineering school, will preside at one of the sessions of the annual mid-west power conference to be held at Armour Institute of Technology in Chicago on April 6,
6, and 7.
The conference, which began on this campus several years ago, is being arranged under the joint cooperation of Purdue, Armour Institute, and four other mid-western colleges. Purpose of the meeting is to discuss both the technical and social aspects of power production. Two other University men will speak at the conference. W. A. Hanley, chief engineer of the Eli Lilly Company, Indianapolis, and a 1911 graduate, will present a paper on “Desirable Features of Small Power Plants.” L. W. Wallace, former faculty member and now director of engineering and research for the Prene Company in Chicago will talk on “Achievements of Research in
Power.”
Alumnae Receive Higher Positions; Sexton Honored Waldo E. Sexton, Ag. ’ll, and a resident of Vero Beach, Florida, since 1913, has recently been honored in the column “Men Who Have Made Florida” in the Miami Herald. The Herald says that since taking up his residence there, Sexton has become one of the most successful business men in the state. Sexton’s many enterprises Includa citrus fruit growing, dairy products, a wood working company, a realty company, a driftwood settlement in which the houses and furnishings are made of driftwood from the Gulf Stream, and the development of an 80-acre tract of jungle. Mildred Letz, ME ’36, has recently been appointed to the position of assistant buyer of gloves at the L. S. Ayres & Company store in Indianapolis. Marion Winterrowd, HE ’37, received a position as head buyer of handkerchiefs at Carson Pirie Scott and Company, one of the prominent Chicago stores. Dr. Harrlef O'Shea... ... of the University department of education and applied psychology and national secretary of the American College Personnel Association, is attending the annual meeting of the organization in Cleveland, 0., this week. Dr. O’Shea will be one of the featured speakers before the meeting Saturday, discussing “Major Issues In Counselling College Students.”
Sophomores, Juniors To Witness Tonight's Performance In Memorial Gymnasium At 8 Raptly attentive was the capacity audience in Memorial Gymnasium last night, as dimunitive Angna Enters presented her symbolic dance pantomimes. Dressed in costumes designed by herself, the dance mime portrayed characters familiar to all. Perhaps the scene most appreciated by her audiences was the final act, “Field Day,’’ wherein Miss Enters took the part of a soldier. Tired and worn, the soldier’s sense of duty becomes uppermost when he hears the band begin to play, and he marches olf at quick pace. Then followed the calisthenic formations
familiar to all. - In “Commencement,” Miss Enters portrayed a high school girl playing the piano for graduation exercises. Clearly evident was the illtiming, hesitation, and. fear of the girl; until in the final bars, when she broke forth in joyous strains
as the music finished.
Tragic Mood
A more tragic mood was displayed in two dances derived from mediavel Spain, “Auto Da Fe,” and “Pavana.” The first of these was of the Inquisition, and the tortures inflicted on innocent offenders. “Pavana” depicted a young dancer going through her conventional routine, while tortured by inward rage. Tonight’s convocation, for sophomores, juniors, and facility members, will open as usual at 8 p. m. General admission tickets, priced at one dollar each, will also be available at the door. The program follows: American Ballet—1914-16. Pique-Nique (1860—Dejeuner au
bois), Delibes.
Little Sally Water—^Three stages. Qugen of Heaven (French Gothic) Gautier de Coinci. Aphrodisiac—Green Hour. Oh, the Pain of It! (Very “Mod-
ern-Abstract” ).
Vienna, Provincial — 1910 (In Homage to Arthur Schnitzler). Piano Music No. 4—Commence-
ment.
Auto Da Fe—Spam, 15th Cen-
tuiy.
Pavana—Spain, 16th Century. Boy Cardinal—Spain, 16th Cen-
tuiy.
Field Day—Sousa.
Phi Kappa Psi Eleds Officers For 2nd Semester Phi Kappa Psi, social fraternity, elected officers Monday night for the current semester. New fraternity officials are; J. W. Bailey, president; Robert Bryant, vice-presi-dent; Bob Hoffer, secretary; Bill Keenan, treasurer; Willson Mossbert, sergeant at arms; Tom Mumford, chaplin; Burton Gedge, historian; Bob Carlson, keeper of the keys; John Cochrun, corresponding secretary. Phi Kappa Psi also announced the pledging of the following men: Hal Shornsteine, Indianapolis; Ralph Deuster, Detroit, Mich.; Richard DeMott, Tenafly, N. J.
Campus Activities Fill Social Gap For Busy Frosh “Purdue students are heard to
complain of the emphasis on technical courses here at the University, little realizing that campus activities supply the medium for a well-rounded education,” stated Prof. F. C. Hockema at the freshman meeting in Fowler Hall, last Monday afternoon. “The gap created in one’s friendships and social contacts due to the pressure of the school work can be nicely filled by participation in some phase of cam-
pus life.”
Those freshmen interested in opportunities for leadership, personnel work, interviewing new students, photographing campus activities, and work of a service nature are urged by Leon Jacobson, director of the Activities Bureau to report to room B of the Union, today and tomorrow at 4 p. m. A limited number of freshmen whose index is 3.5 or higher, are eligible to file applications. Prospective applicants will be interviewed during the remainder of the week and those accepted will be notified when to report for their du-
ties.
Eds Requested To Wear Coats At Tea
Dance Saturday Men attending Saturday’s tea dance will be required to wear ^eir coats and ties, according to au announcement by Bob Fowler, social chairman of the PIA, sponsors of the dance. The dance will be held in the Union ballroom from 3 to 5:30 Saturday afternoon. Members and coeds will be admitted free and nonmembers will be charged 10 cents. As usual, the stag line will he limited to 25 men. Unescorted co-eds will be introduced to members of the stag line by the social committee.
Laboratory Group Will Present First Of Productions Tuesday In Eliza Fowler Hall
Next Tuesday night at 7:30 p.m., will find a specially invited audience entering Fowler Hall to witness the first productions by the Laboratory Group, new imit of Pm'due Playshop. The evening’s fare will include the presentation of two oneact plays: “The Lighthouse Keepers” by Paul Cloquemin, and “J. Smith and Wife” by Charles Tazewell. The first play, “The Lighthouse Keepers,” is a play dealing with eerie events happening to two men housed in a lighthouse far from the mainland of Brittany. It is being /directed by Jack Armitage, whose success in the title role of “Dracula,” was enthusiastically received by students and townspeople. Appearing in this Laboratory
Group production will be Joe Martin, and Benton Bums. “The Great Beyond” “J. Smith and Wife,” the second play of the evening is a fantasy of a possible hereafter, when two ordinary big city people find their way to the beyond. This is being directed by Bill Carr, who appeared in the earlier play of this season, “Room Service.” Appearing in this show are Yvonne Price, Richard Coleman, and William Harris, University s^dents, faculty members and interested townspeojde are included in the special invitation list that was compiled in order to bring representative people into Fowler HalIJ» witness this speidfl presentation on next Tuesday njndtt at 7:80 p. m. Bob Hewitt is Piny* shop Qmm mm/nm^diiffuoL
THE FUBDTIE EXPONENT
J'SHdtuAiUL
Thursdoy. February 23,1939
Senate Discussed... ... the All-Campus show question Tuesday night .at their regular meeting. No legislation was taken, however, and the discussion which started among the whole group of senators finally narrowed down till only a handful of interested persons were left. As the meeting broke up, the consensus of opinion was that one or two minor changes could solve the whole problem. The five student members were to be left on the board of control. Changing the sentence “the production of the show shall be in the hands of the Board of Control . . .” by replacing “production” with “policies” satisfied all present. It was decided that Section (6) of Article II, which provided the Board of Control with the power to ^ve the cast a party or to buy keys for deserving members, could be left out, giving the Board the implied rather than explicit power to spend show profits thusly. These measures seemed to satisfy Playshop’s representative, President Fred Ahrens. No person was present to speak for the musical organizations. Senators present concurred with the group opinion. We too, are satisfied since the minor changes proposed Tuesday night do not alter our concept of the purpose of the original constitution. We have always thought that Mr. Carmichael and Mr. Stewart should direct the show and the music—^but we did object to the proposal that students be eliminated from the Board of Control which will guide the policies of the show. Since changing “production” to “policies” has satisfied Ahrens of Playshop we anticipate an early settlement of the differences which now stand in the way of the show. We hope that the musical organizations do not carry out their idea of withdrawing from the show. The next meeting which was scheduled for Saturday morning will still be held. Without representation from the musical organizations this meeting could produce no re-
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief... Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor — L. S. Hardin City Editor ..D. A. Bailey Associate Editors.. G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeved Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager. .V. Daugher^ National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevfn Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director. D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J, Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, a^k for Exx>onent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6083
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
Editor. Associate Editors..
ENTED FOR NATIONAl. ADVERTISING BY
National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshers Representattve AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHicAso ' Boston ■ Los Arsiles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue Universi^. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Kroeplin Issue Editor—Schilling Thursday, February 23, 1939
suits, SO we earnestly hope that the glee clubs and choruses will see fit to take part in it.
wiviaa
k
By Janet Pickering The future is bright—^with color. And our thoughts have turned toward spring although the sun may seem to have forgotten us. Regardless of the weather, we shall see the latest formals at the Women’s PanHellenic Ban Friday night. Have you chosen your new spring formal for the ball? Perhaps you are clever enough to renovate the old. Anyway, Vogue advocates “prints on their most prim behavior, jerseys immunized from sagging, wools of nebulous weight, colors in diluted blues, fresh pinks, golds, citron and grey, and that color much like peanut brittle—sienna.” We see stripes “as sharply black and white as a page of music,” plus a purple sash making a striking formal. Black lace is forgotten. Its spring and white lace was never more charming. You may have it fitted and simple or with “fulness and cartwheels of frou frou.” Roberta McEwen will be there in a cerise net frock with a full skirt and satin straps and belt. Jane Haltom is planning to wear dusty pink crepe with a wide fuschia girdle. No doubt you’ll see her talking to Vivian Peterson whose formal is chartreuse and dark green with one of those whittled waists— basque to you.
Kay O’Leary is planning to wear a formal of brown, orange, and metallic gold stripes. Blue slipper satin will be worn by Martha Brown. We’ll see Jeanne Beemer in a peach net frock with an extremely full skirt. Anna Fay Campbell is planning to wear a two-tone wine dress of chiifon. Jane Ramsey’s chiffon formal is aqua with a shirred waist and full skirt.
WAA News
WAA distinguishes itself again in sponsoring a basketball Play Day, to be held on Saturday, March 25. Five colleges including DePauw, University of Chicago, Indiana University and Ball State Teachers College have accepted Purdue’s challenge to play games and swim. Teams of nine members each are to be selected from the various schools to uphold the honor of their colleges. Each group of contestants will play three games, then try their skill in combination. Miss Ray Fraser, WAA faculty advisor, announces that about a week before the Play Day, tryouts and practices will begin, to choose Purdue’s representatives. The committee heads are as follows: Elizabeth Martin, equipment; Margaret Sexton, entertainment; Jo Cook, refreshments; Marietta Johnson, officials; Martha Baker awards; Mary Clymer, registration; and Esma MacGillivray, publicity and posters.
aaWBAA
“THE VOICE OF PURDUE’* —Today— 11:00—PTA Program, Prof. Frank Hall, “Washington.” 11:15—Morning Melodies. 11:30—County Federation of Clubs Program. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15—The Music Box. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Newspapers, Prof. Hugh McKee. 1:15—Eugene Finegan, violinist. 1:30—Prof. Frank Hall, Footnotes on the Headlines. 1:46—Market Reports. 2:00—The Apothecary. 2:16—State Safety. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest—John Hicks 3:00—Melody Review. 3:15—Milton Gregory, pianist. 3:30—Parade of Business. 3:45—Song Time. 4:00—America’s Hours of Destiny. 4:30—Quips and Queries. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
More than a year in the making! ... Staged on a scale that beggars words! ... Thrills for a thousand movies in one mighty picture I
Staffing CARY GRANT • VICTOR MCLAGLEN AND DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS, Jr. With San Jaffa • Edvardo Ciannelli • Joan Fontaine
aKO RADIO Picture In»pittd hy KipJia^'a Jieroic haea
STARTS MIONITE SHOW SATURDAY
TODAY Thru SATURDAY II: - -
— nnd — AJIGHT TO THE DEATH " TO CARRY
LUNA Today-Friday-Saturday 2RRST RUN HITS
TORCHY SOLVES CHINESE PUZZLE IN VELLY, VELLY GOOD PICTURE!
— plus —- y BANG-UP KNOCK-BOIVN BABAKfR
Bold and Blaek
STILL STORY HOUR: Well, chums, here’s the second installment of the love life of a campus romeo . . . hope he appreciates our effort to revive old memories I tncidently ,the spelling, and such is as was originally written. You’ll probably think I’m crazy if you stop to think about it. Teli your mother, daddy, brothers and sisters hello (what about the other 20 members? ?) I bet you get your loviness from your mother, we usually do. Gee, if you knew what I did the other night you probably wouldn’t like it, oh well I might as well tell you now, so here goes; 1 decided that I wasn’t going to have dates with anyone else so I put on mother’s diamond on my left finger . . . smart, eh (sounds like a hint to me). If anyone asks me who is the lucky man I wouldn’t know ivhat to tell them. Bob, whoever told you I was fast was crazy. I seldom go riding and necking. I think it’s silly. 1 think girls should know better. Our mothers always tell us those things .. . (concluded next issue) BOB evidently doesn’t like the letters being published ... In a letter received by B and B, he offers to give us a reasonable sum for the rest of them . . . blackmail ? ? What do you think its worth ? IMPORTS . . . FOO! Why bring an import to the fair campus and then not want her to be seen . . . CHUCK BANKS wanted to show people he could bring an import to school but she turned out to be a worse goon than he had anticipated ... so, he hauls the goon off to Logansport so no one would see her! It must have been awfully dark when you first met CHUCK. TAXI, MISTER Any co-ed wishing free transportation on CLOYD SANDERS apply at 103 East Oak Street or call 6714 . . . Wonder why the Joe is using a bicycle as the open air jobbie? Of course, there just isn’t possibly room for three! While we are on the subjects of paid ads, TOMMY CHERINGTON, Beta cutie, is out hunting for a blonde bombshell.., Why not just a blonde
Maii]
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE Heie Comes the Show from Rhythm Row . . . wilh ali ’ I : V 'll • J ^ L'B • those star!' of radio and screen)
-PLUS---he dew*"®" .16* of cl eX*"' UiS , i c i. IAmV.
-1^
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbiy
4
Y
The salary is $6 a week, and a chance at the president’s job.
TOM ? . . . are there any girls without dates for Pan Hell . . . Call or write the office . . . several names are on standing order . . . blonde, brunette, or redhead . . . for qualifications of joes, write me a letter. Four p. m. joes oozing into the shoppe .. . the usual crowd ... Bill DUNSHEE says “Hi” with that quick smile . . . there’s the booth of Pi Phis ... see DOTTY ANDREWS
and ELEANOR KISTLER, PEG SHAREE2Y stampeding with a cigarette in one hand . .. BILL HART gives the girls a heart flutter when he turns the profile to fellow Sigs . . . Pledges crawl under tables to hide from actives, cigarettes bummed from the other capitalist . . . cokes sipped . . . bull slung . . . “Deep Purple and I get along without you very well”—wails from the money grabber . .. Ho-hum
No girl ever tried harder NOT to fall in Love!
» » » He was the freshest “plebe" in the corps... But he stole a kiss —and her heart—In his first forbidden stroll on Flirtation Walk!
HIE BURE oF BESIPUSRT with TOM BROWN LOUIS HAYWARD JOAN FONTAINE STARTS TODAY
band of bandits to
THiAtlXO^A WBLDCAT wi/h LEO CARRILLO 1. PAULINE MOORE . WILLIAM HENRY • HENRY WILCOXON • SATURDAY-ON STAGE • DIXIE DUNBAR — 20fh Century Fox Movie Star — IN PERSON — with — BILL HOGAN And His Hollywood Californians 4 Outstanding Vaudeville ActsThursday. February 23,1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
•'Mira Wi
Senna, Lyles Win Bouts In Golden Gloves Finals
Boilermaker Tank Squad Loses To mini, Garners One Event The Boilermakers’ attempt at bursting Illinois’ Coach Ed Manley’s 26-year-old record of never having coached a swimming team that lost to the Riveters fell through at Champaign, 111., last night when the mini defeated the invaders in a dual meet by a score of 60 to 24. Tuxworthy was the only Ejjv^eter to win an event, capturing the 50 yard free style in 26 seconds. John Graham, lanky Purdue swimmer, captvtted one second and a third, as Tredwell, Lahey, Moller and Amoin finished in third place in their respective events. Wildhack was awarded second place in the diving. The hosts garnered eight events including the 300 yard medley relay, 200 yard free style, diving, 100 yard free style and back stroke, 440 yard free style and 400 yard relay. The mini water polo contingent defeated the Boilermakers by a score of 4 to 0.
Lambda Chi Alpha Captures Greek Track Meet
DipMpa%
The University of California has a special course on the legal rights of women.
WORUrSfFINEST
TOBACCOS Sold by your dealer. If not. send lOq for sample to John Middloton. 1211 Walnut Street. Philadelphia* Pa., Dent
WALNUT Blend 30c
By Bruce Witwer What we need is a working coordination between the band and cheer leaders like Illinois had Monday night. . they had a well worked out plan . . . then too, the band’s playing “A Tisket, A Tasket” lent an air of informality to the whole thing. —^fc— As the spectators entered the building to see the game they -vvere liven sheets containing the words CO “Hail Purdue” which was played cwice during the game ... that’s the friendly type of spirit that we like to see. —^fc—Wrestling coach Reeck plans to take some of his charges down to the' Indiana-Kentucky AAU meets this year . . . this will be the first time Purdue has been represented in the matches and some of the local grapplers show promise of garnering some of the honors. —fc— If you’re looking for action, go up to the Fieldhouse some afternoon , . . track men running around, the basketball team practicing, baseball net cages full of striving diamondmen, gridders getting in shape and then boxers and wrestlers who are pounding around the track getting in their road work ... it looks like a three-ring circus that got hard up and had to sell two of the rings.
A Good Hair Cut
A good hair cut is necessary for good grooming. A neat appearance helps create the favorable impressions you want to make.
BARBERSHOP JhsL fiwudusL Wsu/ruhiaL bunion. The Corner of the Campus— ycl the Center of Activities
Phi Kappa Sigma Wins Second Place, Followed By Phi Kappa Psi, Kappa Sigma; Dave Rankin Takes 23 Points With Dave Rankin accounting for 23 of his team’s 41 points. Lambda Chi Alpha captured the second annual Inter-Fraternity track meets in the Fieldhouse yesterday. Rankin, who was outstanding in last year’s meet, was even more spectacular in yesterday’s events, capturing four first places and a second in individual performances and pacing his team
to first place in the half-mile relay. Second place was garnered by Phi Kappa Sigma and Phi Kappa Psi won third. The Phi Psi^s were well represented by Bud Clevett, who took both the mile and two-mile runs to add 10 points to their score. Campbell, Lambda Chi Alpha, vaulted 11 feet two inches; Hufnagel. Phi Kappa Sigma, high-
jumped five feet six inches,
Yesterday’s summary: 60-yard low hurdles—Rankin, Lambda Chi Alpha: Brown, Kappa Sigma; Jordan, Lambda Chi Alpha. Time, 7.4. 440-yard dash—Resnick, Sigma Alpha Mu ; Bushnell, Phi Kappa Sigma; Gano, Alpha Tau Omega. Time, 53.8, Mile run—Clevett, Phi Kappa Psi; Obus, Tau Epsilon Phi; Quinn, Phi Kappa Sigma. Time, 4:46. Half-mile relay—Lambda Chi Alpha (Jordan, Welsch, Lubreak, Rankin) ; Phi Kappa Sigma : Sigma Alpha Mu. Time, 1 ;40.3. High jump—Hufn'agel, Phi Kappa Sigma : Campbell, Lambda Chi Alpha: Bushnell, Phi Kappa Sigma; and Brown, Kappa Sigma, tied for second. Height, 6 ft.. 6 in. Pole vault—Campbell, Lrambda Chi Alpha ; Carter, Kappa Sigma; Daniels, Alpha Gamma Rho. Height, 11 ft., two in.
Intramural Schedule Following is the military basket ball schedule for tonight’s competition: Court 1— 7:00—C-1 vs. D-2. 7:16—B-1 vs. E-2. 8:25—A-1 vs. F-2. , 8:40—H-1 vs. S-2. Court 2— ■ 7:00—S-1 vs. H-2. 7:15—F-1 vs. A-2. 8:26—E-1 vs. B-2. 8:40—D-1 vs. C-2. Court 6— 7:00-8-3 vs. H-4. ^ 7:16—F-3 vs. A-4. 8:26—E-3 vs. B-4. 8:40—D-3 vs. C-4. Court 4— ^ ; 7:00—C-3 vs. D-4. 7:15—B-3 vs. E-4. 8:26—A-3 vs. F-4. 8:40—H-3 vs. S-4.
Frosh Swimmers Lose To mini, 38-37, In Telegraphic Meet Illinois freshmen swimmers nosed out the Boilermaker greenies by a score of 38-37 iii a telegraphic meet held here last Monday, Although the Riveter paddlers won five out of the eight events, the Illinois team took eonugh seconds and thirds to
take the meet,
300-yard medley—Won by Purdue (Mecredy, Bloomquist, and Smith) : Illinois, sec-
ond. Time, 3 :27.1.
220-yard free style—Won by Bevens, Illinois ; Gray, Illinois, second; Anderson and Branner, Purdue, tied for third. Time,
2:34.6.
60-yard free style—^Won by Kratzer, Purdue : Flachmann, Illinois, second ; Herr, Purdue, third. Time, •.24.8. 160-yard backstroke—Won by Haag, Illinois ; Mecredy, Purdue, second; Pozer, Purdue, third. Time, 1:66.1. 100-yard free style—^Won by Kratzer, Purdue ; Flachmann, Illinois, second; Herr, Purdue, third. Time, :56.3. 2O0-yard breaststroke—Won by Frank, Purdue ; Hachmeister, Illinois, second; Felt, Illinois, third. Time, 2:61.6. 440-yard free style—Won by Bevens, Illinois ; Gray, Illinois, second; Anderson, Purdue, third. Time, 6:40.6. 400-yard relay—^Won by Purdue (Kratzer, Herr, Smith, and Lake) ; Illihois, second. Time, 3 ;56.5. Track Team To Meet Chicago, Wisconsin Again Using the unique track relay scoring system, a triangular meet between Purdue, Wisconsin, and Chicago will be held at the University of Chicago Saturday at 2 o’clock. Deriving its novelty from an unusual method of scoring events, this original scheme will give jsrell balanced teams the preference over teams with exceptionally fine individual performers. &ch team will enter three men in the field events.
DRESS CORRECTLY -from our wide selection of Full Dress and Tuxedo Suits. Also correct accessories — all at moderate prices. 500 MAIN ST. GOS**® CLOTHES SHOP INC.
I can give you a Factory-New ROYAL PORTABLE
WITH TOUCH CONTROL
I have just the Rqyal Portable you want... complete with latest worth-while office typewriter improvements . . . simple to use, fast, and built for a lifetime. See me before you buy any portable!
DECKER BROS
■■ ■■ ■■ ■ I win pve you a bandL EjPL L I *'*’'*'* carryins case inF an ■ ■ I extra cost; I I Chart which shows you how to type, properly. See me or use the couiMjo bdow. ACT NOW)
518 MAIN ST.
PHONE 6477
DECKER BROS. 618 Main St. Phone 6477 Pkaih tell me how I can own a Royal with frea Carrying Case cmd Instant Tyi^ing Chart for only a few cents a day. iVama
City..
..Sfafa....
Fencing Team Will Attempt To Avenge Notre Dame Defeat Purdue’s fencing team travels to South Behd Saturday in an attempt to avenge a 10 1-2 to 6 1-2 defeat suffered at the hands of Notre Qame’s Ramblers earlier in the season. There is some doubt as to who will constitute the traveling squad as there is stiff competition in the foils division for the third spot, according to Coach R. y. Finney. Marden is holding the position at present. Another change may be made in the epee division as there is some doubt of Levin’s eligibility for Saturday’s meet. Purdue’s chances of winning the meet depend heavily upon Levin’s eligibility, m the past two years, he has been a consistent point-getter for Purdue:
Classiiied Mds
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, «11 makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. Ne'w portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoil, 606 Main street
EMBOSSED NAPKINS 13x13, quarter fold, high grade, 6,000 to case, only $2.76. Lilly-Lulip sanitary drinking cups. Cabinets leased. Phone for samples of napkins and cups. Phonq 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest. Phone 3028.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Gold Tudor Hall ring with initials D. J. H. inside. If found call 45764. Reward.
LOST—2 keys in locker room at Fieldhouse, Feb. 21st. CaU 46973.
ROOMS FOR RENT DOUBLE ROOM, single beds. Board if desired. 227 Wood St. Phone 51204.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—1927 Chevrolet. Cheap, Phone 46304.
Fultz, Threlfall Are Knocked Out In Finals; Bacharach Defeated Featuring upsets, judges “splits” in voting, and Purdue’s loosened grip on the fistic title of Lafayette, the Golden Gloves tourney came to an end last night in the Lafayette Armory with only two Boilermakers winning the right to represent Purdue in the Chicago Tournament of Champions. Lawrence Lyles, 175-poUnd Riveter, decisioned Don Buehner, of Crawfordsville, in the finals of their class, while Joe Benna, 160-pound Riveter fighter, went the entire route to put-point Charles Dietrich, West Lafayette. Purdue’s partial monopoly on the Lafayette titles was broken when Steve Bacharach lost to Benna in the semi-finals, and other Boilermaker boxers dropped decisions or were knocked out by their opponents. Avery Fultz and John Thr^all, although reaching the finals, were knocked out by Floyd Robinson, Lafayette and Charles Jones, Lafayette, respectively. Bill Bradley, Kenneth Lord, and Allen Dilts, Purdue fighters, were eliminated from the tourney in the semi-finals. Promising Veteran Baseball Team Holds Pre-Season Workouts “This season’s baseball squad gives promise of a good season according to “Pop” Doan who is in charge of the pre-season workouts. “The team will be bolstered by (Ive veteran pitchers who have had previous varsity experience. Those returning from last year’s squad are Arnold Bredewater, Doan, Hardin, Warner, and Camp. Four sophomores are also eligible for varsity this year. They are Bailey, Ruppert, Emmert, and Navta,” he said.
We carry a stock of Frank Medico Pipes. Choice of styles, $1.00. H: G. (DEAC) REISNER
ES G-R-E-A-T
M EDICO’S patented filter, combining 66 Baffle interior and cellophane exterior, is greatest scientific smoking invention ever known. It traps nicotine, juices and flakes;
and breaks up hot smoke stream, resulting* in cool, clean, sanitary Filtered Smoking
NEWEST SHAPES,
in Medico Pipes,
Cigarette and finest briar Cigar Holders. MONEY can buy]
’GiNUINE filTERS FOR MEDICO FIFES FACKEO ONLY IN IHiS RED t BLACK BOX
Sweet Rolls
They’re Good Your favorite kind is here . . done to a turn! They're grand eating with any meal. Graves quauty Bakery
124 State, W* L.
Phone 3852m
PP4
^boaxLCULiu
THE POEDOE EXPONENT
*^nticoA
Thursday, February 23,1939
Wresfling Team To Face Two Foes Over Week-Ead With four of his regulars laid up with illness, Coach Claude Reeck’s grapplers will face the Illinois State Normal m’estling team in a return match here Friday afternoon. Dix, Gossard, Willey and Schreiber wiil be unable to compete with the Illinois squad. Saturday, the Riveters will journey to Wheaton, 111., where they will meet Wheaton College.
Sigrma Delta Chi: There will be a ing in the old chestnut room of the Union at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 23. —BAILEY.
Freshmen: All freshmen interested in the. Activities Bureau as an activity report to room B in the Union Building Thursday, February 23, at 4 p. m. —JACOBSON.
Activities Bureau; Will the following please report Thursday, February^ 23, at 4 p. m. in the Activities Bureau office; Funsett, Houser, Kolar, Bass, Brookman', KoL fiia, Morgan, Ralston, and Geer. —JORGENSON.
Mixed Recreation: There will be mixed recreation every Friday night in the Women's Gym. Jeanette Shaffer is in charge. (3-3). —FRASER.
Battery Athletic Officers; Check on all entries for the finals. Anticipate first competitive basketball game on Thursday, February 23. —BECKLEY.
Student Senate: Important meeting at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 23, in room A. A full attendance is expected. Please be prompt. —ELLIOTT.
AIEE: Social meeting Thursday, February 23, at 7:16 p. m. in the Electrical Engineering Building. Any person in the AIBE is invited, and free refreshments will be served. —BROVm.
Freshmen, Sophomore Football Managers : Report to the Fieldhouse Thursday, February 23. at 4 p. m. —MARTIN, BUTTERFIELD.
Students in Christian Founaaiiun: Meet at the Christian Church Friday, February 24, at 8 p. m. for “Mid-Winter Let Up” party. Tickets are 26c. —WAINWRIGHT.
Christian Fellowship Hour: Meeting in room B of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. Thursday. February 23. All students are invited. —BURBRINK. Purdue Riding Club: Meeting Thursday, February 23, at 7:30 in the Old Chestnut Room, —SUMMERS,
Agronomy Students: Meeting Thursday, February 23, at 7 p, m. in reception room of the Union Building. —SMITH.
Sophomore Union Workers: Will all available sophomore workers meet in the workshop at 4 o’clock on Thursday, February 23. —RICHARDSON, COOPER. Purdue Engineer: The following men report to the Engineer office at 4 p. m. Thursday, Febniary 23: Kinnear, Day, Steprens, Freeman, Branner, Leckie, Newman, Packman, Worthington, and Shankland. —CATTERALL.
FORTUNE SHOIS^ % Whatever your taste in shoes may be . . . if you’re looking for style plus comfort, at a price you can pay ... we’re sure you’ll be pleased with our distinctive line of Fortunes. Come in today and see these shoes.
B & W Shoe Co. East Side Square
Smart-Durable Just the Kind for Student Wear
HOLEPROO ■ SOCKS
• Patterns and colors all the way from rakish to conservative but alv/ays in good taste. Plus quality that has been famous for . decades. No wonder everybody seems to want these new Holeprool socks. 35c pr. 3 prs. for $1.00 THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622-626 Main Street
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC"
R. C. EISENBACH
Everything for s College Education
jeweler and Optometrist
H. G. REISNER
504 Main St.
• Professional
• Locksniith
DR. A.M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Printing
1SSS r%RiNTlNG Offlc« SUUcwviy., P W*4dttt$ lavlUSoM phone ■ Book*.Be.... CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
KEYS AND LOCKS Key* for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocfcs. Auto keys a ipecleity. ac'Assories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 2828
Students intending to take the exaihination must report to the undersigned prior to March 1st. _--P. W, GREVE. All Foreign Students: Assemble in front of the Executive Building Saturday, February 25, at 2 p. m. for group picture.’ —BALDWIN.
Deeck Tennis: Games to be played are as follows: Shilling and Wiley vs. Metzger and Fitch; Wilkinson and Moon vs. Wirt and Wirt; Clymer and Mather ys. Ward and Partenheimer; Laswell and Thompson vs. Glmore and Dennerlin'e: Haller and Stephenson vs. Johnson and MorHs; Goans and Cox vs. Ade and Poehlman; McCuIlock and Dawson vs. Himes and Fishleigh; Merritt and Dailey vs. Diehl and Overton; Harrison and Scudder vs. Hinton and Bubright; Oook and Shroeder vs. Davison and McCiintpek. (2-23) —walker.
director, rehearsal assistant for cast, voices, orchestra, librarian, business manager, tickets and sales manager, house manager^ promotion manager, advertising assistant, press assistant; staff manager, assistant manager, master carpenter, master electrician, property man, wardrobe mistress, scenic artist, and makeup artist. Turn petitions in at east .Union desk. —ELLIOTT.
tions for removal of conditions In chemistry 1. and 2 will be given in room 101 of the Education Building Saturday, March 11, from 1-4 p. m. Students who plan to take the exam should register in room 127 of the Chemistry Annex before March's. (3-5) —TEST, MARTm, ALLEN.
Society of Automotive Bngineerat Members may get pins from Miss Osterling in the main office of the Mechanical Epgin^ring Building until Friday, February f —LUTHER.
Chemistry 1 and 2 Conditions: Examina-
'Catalyst Club: Attention ail members I Important business meeting at 7:15, on Thursday evening, February 24. Refreshments will be served after meeting.
ME 61. ME 62: Make-up examinattftmi wUl be given Saturday, February 26, at 1 p. m. in ME 801. Those contemplating taking either of the above should notify the undersigned. \ (2-24) ^ —BOLZ,
Gold Peppers: No meeting Tuesday, February 21. Next meeting Thursday, February 23,-at 6 p. m. in WSGA office. Please bring your ticket for the I. U. game. —COOLEY.
Badminton: All games are to be played off as soon as possible. (2-23) —WALKER.
All-Campus Show Petitions: xhe following positions will still be considered up to Saturday, February 26, at 10:00 a. m.: Dance
CE 41 Hydraulics: An examination for the removal of C grades will be held Saturday, March 4th, in room 201, CE Building.
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis J. SPERB 822 Main
rr
The Friend of Every Shirt We don’t like to brag about the extra fine service and laundering that we give every single man’s shirt, but it’s a special fact. And we have noticed that the men who use our service always look fresher, neater and better groomed. What we’d really like to do is leave the decision up to you. Just send us your shirts for a month or so ... then look back and reflect a bit . . . we guarantee you’ll be happier about the whole thing!
Laundry FINE C L E AN E R S OFF I N E C L O T H *E S OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
1. f Y r
j I
There’s a Big Assortment of 1. E. S. Lamps at DECKER’S
All Colors and Sizes of I. E. S. Lamps SOUTHWORTH'S
U'
Make Your Home A Comfortable Place to Live with Better Light
A home can be only as comfortable, attractive and appealing as its lighting. For those **good** evehings at home, when each member of the family enjoys contentment to the utmost, look to the lighting. Soft, clear, glareiess illumination makes reading and studying easier, prevents eye-strain and dispels **after-dinner*’ drowsiness. Modem
Better Sight lamps are scientifically designed to give proper light. Put one at the favorite spot for each member of the family. Check the lamp bulbs in all your fixtures, too, so that tdl tiirough the house you can be sure the light b right for comfortable living. For advice and suggestions, ask your dealer or at our showroom.
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA
i
You Can Always Find an I. E, S. Lamp to Suit Yon at H. G. “Deac” ReISNER