. i
Key Notes Activities Bureau Urges All Freshmen To Attend Mass Meeting Today
Z.185
Founded In 1889
m Daily Since 1906
Today's Sports • Wrestlers Defeat G>mefl • Trackmen Prep For Hlini • Blanken May Play At Ohio
Volume 52, No. 112
West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, February 13, 1941
Nichols Plays For Fraternity Ball Tomorrow Red Nichols and his orchestra will play for the University’s fraternity men and their dates, imports and co-eds at the Interfratemity Ball Friday evening in both Union Ballrooms. Unlike past yearj^ when the Ball was just another formal daivce sponsored by the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council, to which anyone, organized or no, could attend if he had the price of a ticket, this year the dance promises to be a strictly closed social event. Tickets Not On Sale Tickets are not on sale to the student body but are distributed to the houses, which are charged on a pel capita basis. Perhaps of interest to the co-eds who get tired of hearing men rave about the beauty of the vocalist is the fact that Nichols does not have a feminine singer. Instead he relies on two male vocalists. “Five Pennies” The title of the band, “Five Pennies,” is a carry-over from the original orchestra that Nichols formed, which had five men, Arthur Schutt, Vic Burton, Eddie Lang, Miff Mole and Jimmy Porsey. The present organization is a regularsized orchestra. Nichols’ start in the field of orchestras is unusual. He finished Culver Military Academy and obtained an appointment to West Point, but instead of accepting the appointment joined a small band that was playing near Culver. He liked the life in the band well enough to stay with it since then. e.k. Dr. Series To Speak T0 Pharmacy Group University branch of the American Pharmaceutical Association will hear an address concerning the “Training of the Pharmacy Student,” by Dr. E. R. Series, today at 4 p. m. in room 311 of the Pharmacy Building. Dr. Series, who is now Dean of the College of Pharmacy at the University of Illinois, formerly held that same position at the University of South Dakota. He is ex-president of the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy and is very prominent in national pharmaceutical activities. c.v.t. Wiancko Speaks On Peru, Chile Agriculture Tonight Professor A. T. Wiancko will present an illustrated account of his visit to South America at a meeting of the Agronomy Club this evening at 7 p. m. All persons who are interested are invited to attend the lecture in the Reception Room of the Union at 7 o’clock tomorrow evening, j.g.p.
Paul Moritz To Tell Of Chinese Travels At WSSF Meeting Paul Moritz, special “student ambassador” of the Student Christian Movement who has* recently returned from “Free China,” will speak at an open meeting of the University World Student Service Fund Sunday, March 2. Moritz has spent the past two years visiting student center^ and universities in China. Soon after his graduation from the University of Kansas in 1939 he attended the World Conference of Christian
Paul Merits Youth at Amsterdam. From Holland he went to Shanghai, accompanying the Chinese delegates on their return trip home. While in China, Moritz took an active part in the work of Chinese Christian student movements. Bob Belcher Heads WSSF WSSF, headed by Bob Belcher, is fostering an extensive educational program on the aims and purposes of the organization during the present month. A drive for the collection of $100,000, the WSSF goal set for the nation, is scheduled for the first week in March. This money will be used to aid students in war-torn countries. Two committees have been formed by the executive board of the Fund. Houses Committee: Paul H a m m a , inter-fraternity; Iris Baumgarten, pan-hellenic; Larry Meyers, SC A; Bill Knepper, PIA; E. S. Bohlin, Cary Club; and Doris Bower, WRH. Speakers Committee: H. H. Ku, Rusty Layson and James Shickel. d.t.b. Lambda Chi Alpha . . . announces the installation of the following officers: president, John Jarrett; vice-president, Elmer Barth; secretary, Phil Leninger; treasurer, George Sauter; social chairman. Bill Wagner; pledge trainer, Wes Stevens; co-rush chairman, Don Powers and Fred Smerke; house manager, Don Powers.
Two-Thirds Of Nation's College Students Say They Will Marry Within 3 Years Of Graduation
(By student Opinion Surveys) AUSTIN, Texas, Feb. 13.—“What does the future hold for me?” That is one question that many a college youth, faced with an upset world, is asking himself today. Is the collegian giving thought to the time when he leaves the campus—^hou^ soon would he like to be married, what js his life work to be? Because of the uncertainty brought by the war, these are questions of importance especially to those young in the threshold of adult life. To discover what students of the nation are thinking about their future. Student Opinion Surveys of America has held interviews over a cross section of colleges and universities. The results;
Two-Thirds In 8 Years
1. Nearly two-thirds of the men
and^women now in college hope to be married within three years after
they leave school.
2. Many college women—about four out of every ten—^want to teach, at least for a short while. 3. Almost half of the men are planning to do engineering work, to teach, or to go into private busi-
ness.
Comparatively little pessimism was manifest upon the campuses over the country. Practically all students are proceeding with their preparations for a normal life. But this is not to say that collegians are not aware of the changes going on about them. Other surveys have pointed out that students are keenly interested in the European troubles, and in keeping this nation
out of them.
National Defense Has Effect National Defense, however, has had its effect. Some 3 per cent of the men say that they want to go into aviation. Projected against enrollment figures, that would mean that colleges today contain some 20,000 air-minded young people. When college students expect to
be married: Percentage
Within one year 22 Between 1 and 2 years 21 Between 2 and 3 years W Between 3 and 4 years M Between 4 and 6 years — 18 More than 5 years 7 Don’t expect to marry 8 Already married 1 Before leaving college 1
Freshman
Today At Debate Squad Meets University of Georgia in First Makh Tonight Varsity Debate team will open the second semester’s forensic season tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the East Faculty lounge when it takes the platform against the squad from the University of Georgia. This year’s collegiate debate question is: Resolved—That the nations of the Western Hemisphere should enter into a permanent union. Dick Springgate and Seymour Udell, both senior debaters, will represent the University, defending the negative proposition. The affirmative Georgia team is composed of Milton Brown, Phi Beta Kappa and third year law student from Thompson, Ga., and Howell Hollis, second year law student from Co-
lumbus, Ga.
The Georgia team, having met the varsity squads from Tennessee, Louisville, Butler and DePauw since Monday, will close an active week of platforming here tonight. The next home debate scheduled for the University varsity debaters is with Emory University of Atlanta, Ga., on Thursday, February 27. d.t.b. Eliot O'Hara Water Colors Exhibit Here An exhibit of original water colors, “Trees in Water Color” by Eliot O’Hara, will be shown on the second floor of the Home Economics Building No. 2 from February 10 to
March 1.
O’Hara, in addition to conducting schools of water color in Arizona and Maine, has written a number of books 'on how to use water color. His water colors are characterized by their simplicity, clearness of line, and unusual freshness of color. The public is invited to see the exhibit of O’Hara, who is recognized as one of the foremost water color artists in America, s.j.s. W.D. kick, CE'15, Named Highway Superintendent Walter D. Irick has accepted a position as superintendent of construction of highways and railroads for the Maxon Construction company at the U. S. Naval Ammunition Depot at Burns City. Mr. Irick graduated in 1915 in civil engineering and has been district engineer for the Indiana State Highway Commission since 1933.
Activities Convo 4 In Fowler Hall Meeting Will Explain Work On All Principal Campus Activities Activities-minded freshmen will meet in Eliza Fowler Hall this afternoon at 4 o’clock for the annual Activities Bureau convocation where the place of freshmen in University activity work will be explained by two speakers and several movies.
" Value of Activities
.—From All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War News
to Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc, • Franco, Mussolini Confer Gen. Franco, the Spanish dictator, accompanied by a large retinue, met Mussolini in one of the big diplomatic conferences of the war in Italy today. Berlin is represented and it was said “Hitler might be present.” Marshal Petain has gone almost to the border.
* * *
o Spain Could Help Italy “Spain could be of definite help to Italy if she would agree to permit passage of German troops to Gibraltar,” radios Paul Ghali from
Vichy.
* sk
500,000 Nazis In Rumania Germany now has 500,000 troops in Rumania, it was estimated today in Yugoslavia. A dispatch from Belgrade reports that 400,000 men have been moved in within the last few
weeks. * * *
• Graziani Leaves For Rome Marshal Graziani, commander of the Italian troops in Africa, has left by plane for Rome, according to unconfirmed reports reaching Cairo. The same reports say the crack Italian liner, Conte Rosso, has struck a mine while en route to Sicily with refugees.
* ♦ *
o RAF Bombs Nazis Northwestern Germany and Naziheld Holland, Denmark and Norway were the targets of the Royal Air Force last night, it was announced in London. Berlin admitted “a number of dead and wounded and slight damage.”
* * >i<
o ’No Starvation'—Germany The Hoover commission may shortly undertake to extend its activities to France and possibly Norway, David M. Nichol radios from Berlin. Meantime, German economists insist no country in Europe need starve.
* * •
• Willkie Proposal Would Holp A 100 per cent response to Wendell L. Willkie’s appeal for 5 or 10 destroyers a month, cables William H. Stoneman, “would probably go farther to help Britain tide over the grim spring of 1941 than anything else the United States could possibly do.” Phelps Will Show Camera Club Slides A special feature of the University Camera Club tonight in room 303 of the Union will be a showing of colored slides presented by C. W, Phelps of the mechanical engineering staff. The meeting will start at 7:30 p. m. Phelps will show about 60 slides taken from his own collection, and will discuss their good and had points, telling how they were taken, The meeting will also include a discussion of the proposed new enlarger which may be purchased by the club, m.1.1.
Bob Fuller, personnel director of the Aluminum Company of America’s D^fayette plant, will discuss the value of campus activities to University graduates seeking employment. He spoke at the mass meeting last year, which was attended by more than 800 freshmen. Advantages of work on activities to students while in school will be explained by Walter Gipe, director of the University Activities Bureau. Twenty minutes of movies taken by the Bureau will be presented at the meeting to illustrate the various types of work done by the principal campus activities. Mimeographed Sheets Activities Bureau, sponsors of the meeting, will furnish two mimeographed sheets supplementing the discussions of the speakers to each person attending. The first presents several graphs showing the relationship between grades, activity work and employment; the second gives dates and times of activity call-outs for this semester. This sheet will also explain procedures to be followed by freshmen interested in going out for activities which have already had their call for workers. All freshmen interested in working on activities are expected to attend this meeting, j.h.a. ASME, ASM Will Meet Together In Muncie Tomorrow Afternoon Joint meeting of the American Society for Metals and the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will be held tomorrow afternoon in Muncie. First event on the program will be a visit to the Ball Brothers plant and the Warner Gear Company, Members planning to take this inspection trip will meet in the lobby of the Hotel Roberts at 2 o’clock, R. G. Hayler, chairman of the home committee, has announced. Othei members of this committee will provide information and serve as guides for the trip. Following dinner in the hotel at 6 p. m., F. G. Ely, analytical engineer for the Babcock and Wilcox company, will present a paper on “The Design of Boiler Furnaces as Influenced by Ash and Slag.” Colored motion pictures showing various views of actual boiler furnace operation will illustrate the talk. Charge for the dinner is one dollar per plate, and reservations must be made in advance with Hayler. f.i.j. 'Joe Dance'Replaces Union Mixer Saturday Student Union will present a “joe dance” in place of the regular mixer Saturday in the south ballroom of the Union at 9 o’clock. This is one of the Union’s special mixers, which are being featured this year. Saddle shoes and sweaters will be worn by co-eds, departing from the practice of dressing for mixers. The backdrop for the dance will be a winter scene featuring skaters and an ice pond. The band fronts will show skiers. Bill Martin’s orchestra will play for the dance which will be for the regular price of one dollar. a.c.
Coast Guard Here Today To Discuss Academy Exams Lt. Wev ToShowMories Of New London School Lieutenant Oscar C. B. Wev^ of the United States Coast Guard will show sound motion pictures of the Coast Guard and its academy at New London, Conn., this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. The movies will be accompanied by a brief lecture by Lieutenant Wev in which he will explain the benefits and requirements of entrance into the academy, and answer questions regarding Coast Guard life. Competitive Exams Appointments as cadets at the academy will be made on the basis of competitive examinations Which will be held this year on May 14 and 15. Examinations are open to all young men between the ages of 17 and 22, having about the same scholastic background as that required by most engineering colleges. Cadets will receive instruction equivalent to that received by mechanical engineers in civilian colleges, and upon graduation they receive a degree of Bachelor of Science in Engineering and commissions as Ensigns in active service with the Coast Guard. Ensigns receive $143 per month if single, $183 per month if married. Oldest Service The Coast Guard, one of the oldest government services, is charged with safe-guarding life and property at sea, removing derelicts from navigable waters, weather observation, maintenance of light houses and other navigation aids, and numerous other law enforcement and humanitarian duties. r.l.h. Candidate Petitions For Freshman AW S Council Due Sunday All freshmen co-eds who wish to be candidates for the office of Dreshman representative on the A W S council must have their petitions in by noon on Sunday, February 16. The petition should be accompanied by a snapshot of the candidate, so that the voters can easily identify her. Petitions may be turned in at the AWS office in the Union or left with Paula Zwierlein in Wood HalL The correct form of the petition is: We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate (Name) for the position of freshman representative on the AWS executive board for the second semester of the year 1940-41. Twenty-five freshmen must sign the petition to nmkft it valid!. Ellen Basset, the newly elected chairman of elections, w^Q supervise the election which wiB .be held in the Union on Wednesday, February 19. m.1.1. Glider Club To Pre^nt Free Moving Pidures Tonight at 7:30 p. m. in room 363 of the Union, the Puniue Glider Club will show moving pictures of the National Soaring Contest held at Elmira, N. Y., last summer. Also pictures of the soaring trip made by the dub last spring vacation at Frankfort, Mich., will be shown. The club is now completing their new secondary trainer and expect to have it in the air soon. Because there are few sudh trainers in the country, club members are eagerly waiting to see the performance end charactertistics of their new ship. After the success of the trip to Blichigan last spring,, the dob is planning to go to Frankfort. Mich.* the site of the Midwestern Soaring Contests, again daring this spring vacation. The meeting is open to all inteis ested. c,r.t.*4
V
y
Pa^2—£dlii -The^ Ratio— 3.93 ...fol
Got som« good hot news for you todny, petg^ ftend fn the paper the other day where the temperature on the surface of the planet Mer* cory varies from 400 to 1000 degrees P. And we gripe about Indiana. You know, the double E's are finally getting smart around here wimn it comes to answering laboratory questions. The other day, as an answer to one of Prof. Topping’s EE 5 lab questions, one of the fellows wrote, “Look in the book.” Funny thing, “Pop” Topping didn’t appreciate it at all. Thought it was an insult to his intelligence. Well, at least we thought you knew the answer, “Pop.”
Thursday. February 13. 1941
LUMA Today-Fri.-Sat.—2 HITS
- starring MARGARET LOCKWOOD BARRY K. BARNES PLUS—^2nd Feature . . .
BULLETS and BALLADS'
Fosy Kaigiit
pol
NOW PLAYING—
Triple Star Laugh Triumph Is Terrific!
Hm^m a »mootktml
TOOIY-FRIDAY
It’s women that make.%^ ' ' wild man w-ri-I-d.r A 'v '. screenful of fun-stars ' - in a romping riot!
Huy HOWARD • Billie BURKE • Donald MEEK MarJoiMMAIN • Connie D4LDHRI$T • Bonita GRANVILLE Den DAILEY. Jr.
HELD OVER! TODAY THRU SATURDAY
THE 3-STAR LAUGH HIT! /(aiSiaUH& EMNT HEffiiRN ^aHte4srmRT
HUSSEY MaROMMIID • IMm4V0MI8 . Mm emtlMV . atoylMSH . WgMalVEIDLER
liiBniEna
fijujidtUL £xfiomnL
D.K. Walker ., . who graduated from the University in 1924, was elected vicepresident of the National Society of Professional Engineers at the sixth annual convention in Chicago. He is assistant manager of the railway department of the Indiana Service Corporation in Fort Wasme.
Speaking of Profs., ftrof Finney of the modem language department pulled a good one in his Spanish riass the other day. He was talking about the use of the pronoune and went on to eay that if you were having dinner at your girl-friend’s house, you would always use the formal pronoun. “But,” he said, “If you happen to stay for breakfast, you could lapse into tjlie familiar form and still not be committing a social blunder.” Oh me—oh my, that man must be widely traveled.
Believe it or not, we actually got up and went ice-skating last Sunday morning, and what’s more surprising, we found a lot of other crazy people out there, too. John Willsey, Beth Simpson, Mary Kay Miller, and Frank Miller (no relation) were cavorting around, sp6nd-
Cosmopolilan Members To Condud Open Forum “Nations That Have Changed” will be discussed at an open forum of the Cosmopolitan Club tomorrow at 4:30 p. m. in the lecture room of Staidey Coulter Hall. Three students, Dara Sekbara from Turkey, H. H. Ku from China, and Ernest Cortissez from Columbia, Will spimk, comparing the development of Turkey, China, and Latin America. Everyone is invited to attend. m.f. R.T. Fetters ... CE ’30, who is traffic engineer in the Paris district of the Illinois State Highway department, was elected treasurer of the Illinois Association of Highway Engineers recently.
ing about half of their time on the right end. Ban into Cal Fields and Margie Thomas, too. It was the first time Margie had ever been on skates, so you can imagine the time she was having. Everybody seemed to be happy about the whole thing, though. + H< * The way the weather’s been going, looks like that might be the last time we’ll be on the ice. However, you know Indiana. Well, people, don’t forget that Valentine’s Day is Friday, and with it Inter-Fraternity Ball. Sound? like a pretty good combination.
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orderi a SPECIALTY
NEW AlN
STARTS TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
WAGONS WESTWARD FRONTIER LOVE IN A BOLDER WORLD
CHESTER MORRIS ANITA LOUISE BUCK JONES ONA MUNSON AND GEORGE HAYES TV W GUINN WILLIAMS.
PLUS
The Merriest Mystery of the Year! ^FRANKIE 'I ’darro’ ON THE spot' wHh MARYKORNMAN
Til. a* Colnnin Th. Purda. Exponent
After four years of worrying about grade index we have finally awakened to the fact that it doesn’t make Buch a heck of a lot of difference. Right now, anyhow. 'There seems to be a slight shortage of men who have been kicked out'of engrineering schools ... 'With a degree. 0 * * The amy wants men. The navy wants men. Industry wants men. Appears that most everybody wants men. That is everybody... ^ Except ilie gal back home that won’t give us a tumble. ■p * * And seeing as how we are so much in demand we have decided to hold a Sadie Hawkins Day to auction off our services. Come graduation, the army, navy, marines, air corp, industry. And other interested parties. Induding the gal if she changes her mind. Can line up . . . And take pot luck. ■p * Ip As the last words of the graduation address fade away, a gun will be fired, and the graduates will scatter in all directions with the representatives in hot pursuit. A sort of catch-your-own-engineer plan. In case of ties. Duplicate prizes will not be awarded. * ♦ Ip Instead each graduate will he required to carry a coin. To settle all disputes on the spot. In addition.
JjumJb^ JjcxJUl
Nvm Mitor..
IMitcnr.
AhowL*
Bntex«d as second ^ass auitter at Hw pest cERm la Lafayetta, tndlaaa. nnder the act of Coagrass Jfandi S, 187B, aad at tbs INpeeial mt* of pcstacc pMridsd for to section 1108. act October 8,1917. antborM jraaaarr fO. 1822. PnbUsbed mtUy easept Monday dnrlng Urn reg^r academic year suid iveekly during ttpe Buasmer BoMion. Delivered locally by carrier tor 18.00 per pear, ttait aub-
sertotion 884W
Editoi-in-CblaC JL W. Denabac BaaineM Manager.^ ——— Marla Hagaaiarcr
PubHestioii Sitif
». a. mcKm
Edtorst N. A. Oebillxee, J. A. PonaU. rt.
miffaer, R. M. ikallerap, J. X. 1!toPSctt.
BwdnMS StifI
Local Advertising Managers: D. A Powers. O. 0. Landers: Proaotioa Manager, 0. F. Danglemaleot Aeapants Idanagcr, R. 3. Sbamrd; Cirealation Maa^r., R. M.
Retdrtenwald. Co-ed Staff
Editor— — . — Rath Watpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller. Ruth Bose, Donna
Bless.
Sporla Staff Editor — — X P. Dolan AssMiato Editors: 3. F. Adamson. P. C. Johnson. R. O. Swolm.
Phonas: Editorial 4005; Biuineu 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by vertising Service. Inc.. College Publishers 420 Madison Ave., Mew York. N. Y, Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Ochiltree Day Editor: Miller Issue Editor: Novey Night Sports Editor: Adamson Reporters: D. Brophy, J. Horr, J. Lauer, S Wolf, A Chatfleld, S. Slesser, C. Thomas, M. Losey, M. Fuller, F. Jones, £. Kleper, J. Petty, J. Armstrong, R. Corp, E McDonald, H. Hoffman
Opportunities
Each year the Freshman Activities mass meeting draws larger and larger crowds, but always this group is largely composed of organized people. This is due chiefly to the fact that these freshmen have had the opportunity to get advice from upper classmen in their respective houses and have been made to realize the importance of extending their opportunities for education outside the classroom. We cannot urge too strongly all freshmen to shop around among the activities to find some outside interests for their social as well as their cultural development. Grades are very important at Purdue but the administrators of this University are also interested in sending forth from this institution men and women with well-rounded educations. The theory that activities and good grades do not mix does not hold provided that one carefully controls and co-ordin-ates his time. Most university students will agree that they waste considerable time just joeing around. We suggest that the use of this time in activity work might be a wise investment as well as a source of social contact.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith annouce their SEPARATION PARTY Saturday Nighty February 15, Nineteen Hundred Forty-One
They have decided to stay in their room and fight it out if it takes them three months!
Boy, oh boy, Ws going to he a panic! NEW MAIN THEATRE
LEARN TO RUMBA ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS TO-NIGHT 7:00 P. M. GET THE PRACTICE OF DANCING WITH LADIES PHONE 2150 ALLEN’SotH & FERRY
1.
I
Valenfine Day February 14fh Let us send Her a beautiful flower Valentine—-The gift that IS always appreciated—If she lives in another city we can wire your order with guaranteed satisfaction CUBK FlOBAl CO.
527 Main Street
Phone 8451
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
■AND.
mvtfi
ALSO "WINNERS OF THE WEST" First Chapter
draft boards, ministers, and company personnel men will be on hand. To make it legale—dkh
Professor Receives Doctorate In Textiles Miss Elizabeth Roseberry, assistant professor of clothing and textiles, received her Ph. D. in textiles and textile chemistry at the midyear commencement at the Pennsylvania State college. The title of her thesis was “A Study of the Relationship between the Construction and Durability of Viscose Rayon Fabrics.” Miss Roseberry obtained data on the construction of 96 dress fabrics on the weight per square yard, thread count, denier, number of filaments in the yams, and the number of twists per inch in the yarns. These statistics were correlated with those on the wet and dry breaking strength, bursting strength, and shrinkage of the fabrics. Miss Roseberry has been here since September, 1939, and teaches sophomore and senior classes in the chemistry of textiles, a c, Henry Steeg .,. CE ’24, has been appointed coordinator of all state and federal activities, including technical, financial, taxing, housing, and sanitation phases in military areas at Charlestown, Union Center, Burns City, and Jefferson county where government defense projects are underway. Mr. Steeg was at one time consulting engineer of Indianapolis.j
PuJiduiL £xpDnsnL
Trackmen Journey to Champaign Sat. For Illinois Relays With an eye toward giving his men some valuable experience, track mentor Herman Phillips will take a'fnll squad to the Illinois Relays, Satutday. “Since we have a meet with Iowa next Friday, the boys need -all the polish they can get," jeommented Coach Phillips, r j “Therefore,” he continued, “we will carry as many boys as possible, whether or not we think they can place.”. niinois University does not have an indoor arena large enough to handle the Relays, However, they do use the Champaign Armory, one of the largest structures of its kind in this vicinity. Versatile Dave Dave Rankin will represent the Boilermaker institution in the allaround competition, which is similar to the decathlon. Both types are scored on roughly the same basis, but the latter is composed of more events. The Riveter All-American End will enter the broad jump, high jump, 76 yard dash, 76 yard hurdles, pole vault and the 880 yard run. Each entry in the all-around competition will be awarded points proportional to his ability in each department, with the highest total winning. Following the\ Iowa encounter, scheduled for the Hawkeye track, the Gold and Black thin clads will entertain I U on their home oval, March 1. Gala Indoor Meet Plans for the Big Ten Indoor Championships, which come to our
campus the week-end of March 7 and 8, are progressii^ rapidly. TMs will mark the first time in the-his-tory of the 80 year old games that a Riveter thinlie organiaatiion has played host for the affair. Excepting the 1928-1931 period, the Chicago area has always been the site of the games. In 1928 and 1929 all teams con--verged upon Iowa City, while 1930 and 1981 saw Minnesota and Wisconsin as the scene for the festivities. The meet will take on a carnival appearance, with an American flag 40 feet long suspended from the top
Classified Ads
v<A naui 1941 RADIOS, RBFiUGl^ATORS—New 11 tube model Croelejr, $69,96. New cembination, plays and flanges automattoally 14 reco^s, fine radio and cabinet, $79.96. New combination, radio photograph, record maker or cutter and public address system in beautiful low cabinet $119.96. I^rigerators. 1941 Models are here—^KELVINATOR. CROSIiEY, ELECTROLUX. C. B. Klinker Sales Co, 827 Main. Phone 7960.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. OSice supplies. Mimeograph and multisfraph work* C* F* Sbonhoffy M&in St. Phone. 2779.
FOR RSKT For Rents Russ-Rent-A-Car Bersioe. Car* for all occasions. Min. $2A0 all night. Phone 2407.
For Rent: Single room adjoining bath, automatic hot water. $10 a month. Phone 41782.
Lost: A man’s Longine wrist watch between Fieldhouse and Union. Finder please call Alvey at 4031. Reward.
Lost: Ring in Woodshop locker room. Reward. Phone 76061.
Will whoever called concerning lost Cary Club pin please call again. R. C. White, 2437. Reward.
Found: Overcoat of good quality on January 2. Inquire Manager’s office, Purdue Union.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ]. RISK •4th & Main St». Phone 5710
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Ml Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• Jewelers
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Thursday, February 13, 1941
of the Fieldhouse. Since the races will take place after the basketball season, the court will be removed and the dashes and hurdles, as well as the field events, will occur in the center of the floor. '
World student Service Fund Hanses Comroittee: Organizational meeting Thurj^yy February 18, at 4 ;16 p. m., room 68 of the ^BELCHER.
PIA Men's Chornst There will be an important paestiuK Thursday, February 18, at 7 p. m. in PIA office. Evenrbody, especially bowling team be there. Please be prompt. —SMULEVITZ.
Notices
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Thursday, February 18, in office at 4 p.
Christian Student FeRowshipc meeting Thursday, February 18, at 7:80 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —LONG.
Pistol Team: Members of freshman and varsity pistol team report in uniform at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 18, in A^ry. —BROWN.
Xappa Psi: General meeting at 7:80 p. m. room 306 of the Union, Thursday, PehruAty 18. ^ —SCHAEFER. AIRE Officers: Meeting at 4 p. m. Friday, February 14, in the reading room of the Electrical Engineering Building. —WISE.
Ag Education Society: Meeting Thursday, February 18, in room 212 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. —CONRAD. ^
Co-ed Riflery: Class praetlee Feb. 6, 6. 10, 12. 18. Area praetiecs aro reqnired. Claas mateheaJFeb. 18 and 29. —BLAORAVE.
Bum Room Committee: Meeting today in the Student Union office at 4 p. m. Crown, Deuater, Gerke, Murill, Scib, Silva, Steck, Hague, Gillespie. —WOLFF.
Cosmopolitan Club: Next meeting will be held in lecture room of the Biology Building Friday, February 14, at 4:80 p. m. Nonmembers are invited to attend. —CORTISSOZ.
Newman Club: Discussion group will meet in room 802 of Union at 7:80 p. m. Wednesday, February 19. Rev. Alexis will speak on Chinese customs. —BUERGLER.
AIEE Officers: Meeting 4 p. m. Friday, PebruaaT 14, in reading room of Electrical Engineering Building. —WISE.
All Freshmen: Be sure to attend mass meeting Thursday, February 18. For details see ’Thursday’s Exponent. —GIMLIN.
Cosmopolitan Club: Next meeting will be held in lecture room of Biology Building. Non-members are invited to attend Friday, February 14, at 4:30 p. m. —CORTISSOZ.
A winning combination you'll find in every pair of our new Fortune Shoes—whether for business, sports or casual wear—drop by today and ask to see this business moccasin and our many other patterns that add comfort to smart styling for greater walking comfort.
The New FORTUNE Shoe B & W SHOE CO.
127 N. 4th Street
O
BE WISE!
paqjL 3 - VLdiaiA,
All Sophomore aii4 Freehmaii Age: Are invited to attend the first meeting of Chick and Egg show committee Thursday, February 18, at 7:80 p. m. in the Poultry building or call 86982. / / —RAMP. Alt Freshmen: Be sure to attend mase meeting Thursday, February 13. For details see Thursday’s Exponent. —GIMLIN.
Makeup Kaamiaa«leM fa MB CSmhhmm Make-up exantinatfomr to tenom ijfSf 9 grades wiU he given in ME 11. «f twE $§ m Setmnfoy, Febmaiy 22, ni 1 p. «, M tmm 301 of MB Bnil^g, Mendintf 4» take exnme notKy nw kaftx* PckfttnnF »
Purdne Onting Club: Scavenger Hunt and supper Saturday afternoon February 16. Meet In front of armory nt 4 p. m. sharp. For supper reservations, phone MarjorW Ward mil. or Gail Hennis 2907, by Friday evening. All wdeoMA —PARKER. All Stadoitet Motion pictures and brief talk on Coast Cfoard and Coast Guard Aeodemy witii information regarding appointments to Coast Guard Academy by Lieut. O. C. Wev of the U. 8. Coast Guard in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 18. —WORKMAN.
Reamer Ctab: All membern desiring tag' Juttall tickets for the Northwestern gil»e should leave only coupons wftk' tm ov in PIA box at the east desk of we VnUm hr 11 a. m. Monday, February 17. —GBlSVJXf,
Rdigiona Ceuneil Peace CommitCee: Meet' ing Friday, February 14, at 4 p. m. In room 68 of the Union. Open to all. . —MOFFBT.
WAA: Tumbling practice Thutaday, Fek' ruary 18, at 4 p. m. —BRITTON.
Glider Club: Open meetfiig Thursday, February 18, at 7:39 p. m. in room 398 of the Union. —SARGINSON.
Exponent Freshmen Ce-ede: Work schedule is posted in office. Pleast report on nights assiamed. —SIMPSON.
Ping Peng and SknElebeanl Playetn: Call-oat Thursday, February 18, at 4 p. m. in Woman’s Grnuiasinm. —BLANK.
Exponent Co-eds: Co-ed edition Thursday night, February IS. All freshmen and sophomore co-eds report for work at 4 p. m. —ROSE.
Reamer Club: All members desiring basketball tickets for Northwestern game should leave only coupons with me or in the PIA box at the east desk of the Union by 11 a. m., Monday, February 17. —GRIFFIN.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, February 13, in Room 808 of the Union! at 7 :16 p. m. All members'please be present. —WEGENER.
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Dr. E. N. Woodbury exp. staff and Prof. Davis will report on Christmas meeting of two leading National Econ. Ent. Org, Phil. —RICHMAN.
Don’t Leave It All Up lo Cupid! He’s just a Kttle fellow, so help liim out. Play safe and tell HER you’ll be there in a Yellow Cab. YELLOW CAB CO. 5023 Phone 3071
for ^ your HEART’S NEEDS - See Us MARTHA WASHINGTON SCHRAFFT’S ^ * BUNTE Candi^ DIIC CO.
If You-Are in Need of Shirts— Buy the Best Possible HERSEY^S Where Every Shirt is an ARROW^
Open letter to freshmen with nightmares ^
LAST WEEK we got the following frandc note "Sirs: Every night I dream little imps are drawing nooses around my neck . . . tighter, tighter, lighter! I’m at my wit’s end! ’WTiat can I do? J. M.”
Dear J. M.: Your symptoms are unmistakably those of a man suffering'*'' from subcicula straugulatio, or what we call quite untechnically "shrunk collar.” We prescribe a switch to Arrow shirts—they’re Shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). They’ll not only relieve the pressure oO your gullet, but also bolster your spirit immeasurably with their good lodts. Any Senior could have told you the same. Buy Arrows today. $2 up ARROn^ SHIRTS A new shirt free if one ever shrinks ota of fitt
Get Your
ARROW
SHIRTS
at
416 nPWFiy
ITCD'C
MAIN LrCYfCn
1 1 CK J MAIN' i>
I i-
p /
pjogs ^ - SfioJdA
Thursday, February 13. 1941
S^uJuiusL £xpDtmiL
RiveUr Gruntmen Toss Cornell 12-8 SSSSIS
Reeck's Matmen Win Third Match In Six Days; Face Northwestern Here Saturday
Coach Claude Reeck’s matmen grappled their way to a 12-8 win over Cornell College, (Iowa), yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse for their third consecutive success. This has been accomplished in six days. In winning the match, the Riveter forces captured four of the six contests held, two of the scheduled bouts being cancelled. Due to illness, the Riveters were unable to compete in the 155 pound division, while the visitors could not corral an entrant in the 128 pound class. Only Fall -
Only one fall transpired during the course of the proceedings, and that was credited to Lyman, Cornell’s 175 pound star. The blond, cat-like Lyman , had Montgomery on the canvas very quickly and pinned the squirming Riveter in 1:05. By winning the first three events, the Boilermakers piled up a 9-0 lead
and apparently were on their way to a smashing victory. Fredericks won his match handily, but Papurca was not so fortunate. This 145 pound battle was hard-fought all the way, Papurca coming through, 7-4. Foster Wins Foster started fast in his clash and won by a good margin. Then
Insist on smartly styled evening clothes such as you will find in all suits from Geisler’s . . . such things as the length of the tails, button spacing, lapels, etc., are all vital to a well groomed appearance. If you’re ready for a new set of tails (and you are ready for a new set if you haven’t bought a tail-coat in the past five years) we urge you to come in and slip into these tails of ours, as we carry them to fit everybody in longs, shorts and regulars to judge for yourself what w4 say is true. Also a complete selection of double breasted tuxedos in all proportions as regular, short, long and stout. Our accessory department also demands your attention as we carry a complete range in everything you will need for formal wear at prices you can pay.
SI.
CUTHiS SHOT INC.
Van Orman To Speak Af Basketball Banquet Harold Van Orman, former lieutenant governor, and widely known as an after-dinner performer, will act as toastmaster at the annua] Lion’s Club banquet honoring the University basketball squad, according to E. F. Degering, banquet chairman. The dinner will be held in the Union Tuesday evening, March
4.
The advance sale of tickets indicates that last year’s record-break-ing attendance may be surpassed. Tickets are available for one dollar at the three bookstores, the Union desk and from Lion’s Club members. Ticket sales will end on March 1 to allow the committee to complete final details without confusion. Cornell broke into the scoring column as Joy squeezed out a 5-4 decision over Hlinka. This was the most even affair on the card. Lyman followed with his blitzkrieg, running the score to 9-8. With two bouts cancelled, there remained but one, the heavyweight clash. Frank Ruggieri came through with a one-sided triumph, bringing the score to its final form.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan This week-end Purdue, a very much crippled Purdue will invade Columbus, Ohio, to battle an unpredictable Ohio State basketball team. If Bob Igney and Don Blanken were themselves I’d not be afraid to predict a Boilermaker victory over the Bucks, but the loss of the Captain Igney and the rubber-play-ing Blanken would cramp any club’s style, and Purdue is quite normal. —I-I— But the loss of Igney and Blanken shouldn’t be felt so much if the kids who have been riding the bench will come through as they are expected. Of course sophomore sensation Bob Riley will be a welcome addition to the line-up to replace the consistant Igney, but who in the blazes can take the place of Don Blanken ?
WATTS FOOD STORE
112 Northwestern Ave.
Phone 8050
My Valentine Special—Gold and Black Box One pound box fancy assorted miniature chocolates, only
Candy Bars and Gum 3 for 10c
OPEN NIGHTS and SUNDAYS
49c
may make a cold serious. Have your clothes cleaned often to keep garments free of winter germs that may
be picked up at anytime.
CROWN CLEANING STERILIZES—PROTECTS
Riveter basketball fans will probably be heartened by the news that Don Blanken, in spite of his ankle injury suifered during the recent Chicago encounter, will quite likely see some action in the game at Ohio State next Saturday. The Boilermaker scoring leader was pres^ at the practice session yesterday, and although he did xm take part in scrimmage, he practiced free throws and long range swishers with no ^ign of a limp. ’ ~
-■ There is also a chance, although probably a slim one, that Bob Igney, captain of the Boilermaker five, will play against the Buckeyes. Igney will have the cast removed from his injured knee today; until then nothing definite can be said about his condition, but Igney
says that he feels fine.
Even with the loss of Igney, the Scarlet and Gray quintet will be faced with a powerful Riveter foe. Thus far in conference reckoning, Ohio State with four wins and three losses is tied at fourth place, while the Boilermaker contingent, having chalked up four victories as against two losses, is tied at third place.
p.l.b.
Riveters Meet Maroon Swim Team Saturday With a 2:30 meet in the offing for this coming Saturday afternoon. Coach Dick Papenguth’s edition of the latest thing in swimming teams finished their time trials yesterday and started developing the required mental attitude for meeting the invading University of Chicago squad. The invading mermen from the Midway of southern Chicago boast of a well balanced squad that should give the Riveters a busy afternoon. Maroons Lose Two The Maroons drift into town Saturday with a record of two conference losses so far this year, having lost to Minnesota and Iowa, two of the stronger teams of the Big Ten. In the conference meet held last spring, Chicago finished in sixth place behind the Gophers. Their graduation losses included the team’s captain, Anderson, and McCollum, both of whom placed in the Big Ten meet. I M Schedules
The average Purdue fan would answer in the negative, but the little man who runs things around the basketball court, Ward Lambert, has plenty of confidence in “Bangin’ Ben” Korschot, Fred Krampe, and Johnny Conrad. Lambert believes in squad victories as well as individual initiative, and in this theory Purdue will have to play
the rest of its schedule.
-1-1—
Of a certainty, Blanken will be back long before Igney, but the delicate muscles of his right foot are not and will not take a terrific beating such as it has received during the past two months. At present, Igney is having enough trouble going to classes, but if the two boys follow the directions of trainers Mann and Cripe, they’ll be up and at ’em by Indiana game time at Bloomington.
—I-I—
But between now and that time, only a squad, and I do mean a squad will keep Pui'due in the thick of the conference tangle.
—I-I—
Speaking of basketball, Kgutskys basketball team of Indianapolis will play the professional champion Harlem Globe Trotters this coming Sunday in the Lafayette Armory. Along with the usual Purdue stars on the Indianapolis team will be Curley Armstrong, Indiana’s allAmerican who flunked out of conference basketball in January.
R S
BASKETBALL Thursday, February 18 Court 1: H. Young 7:00 B 1 vs H 1 ■ 7:15 A 1 vs C 1 8:00 D 1 vs F 1 8:16 S 1 vs E 1 Court 2: G. Doherty 7:00 B 2 vs H 2 7:16 C 2 vs A 2 8:00 D 2 vs F 2 8:15 S 2 vs E 2 Court 3: Paul Schriber 7:00 H 3 vs B 3 7:16 A 3 vs C 3 8 :00 D 3 vs F 3 8:16 S 3 vs E 3 Court 4: C. H. Bechenbach 7:00 H 4 vs B 4 7:16 C 4 vs A 4 8:00 D 4 vs F 4 8:16 S 4 vs E 4
THE NEW
SPEED-O-PRINT
INDISPENSABLE FOR USE BY FRATERNITIES
SORORITIES CLUBS
ORGANIZATIONS
OFFICES
SAVE TIME SAVE MONEY
Automatic Feed
#32-50
TODAY'S GREATEST ROTARY STENCIL DUPLICATOR
Automatic > Feed #32-50
FULL SIZE Prints anything from a postcard to legal size.
WORLD’S GREATEST VALUE!!
SPEED-O-PRINT is the all purpose duplicator and is ready at a second's notice to produce uniform, clear, and quick copies.
TELEPHONE 4085 TODAY FOR FREE TRIAL
HAYWOOD’S
Established 1826
5th Cr FenySts.
%
'4-
1'-’
I