0[he Pursue TSxpantnt
l^tfblishedi Dnily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUIAB XLVin
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1936
NUMBER 39
Dr. J. R. Hart Will Speak Here Today Cosmopolitan Society
Invites Educator For Series Of Talks
“Character, Psychology, and Salesmanship” will be the subject of the first of a series of talks which will be delivered by Dr. John Robbins Hart, eminent educator, before open student meetings, and a dinner at the Purdue Commons Club today. The first talk will be given in room 1 of the Memorial Union Building at 4 o’clock, while the main program will begin at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge, when Dr. Hart will speak on “International Comradeship.” As the guest of A. F. Futoohee, president of the Cosmopolitan Club, Dr. Hart will give his views on “College Life,” at a dinner in the Purdue Commons Club at 6:30 this evening.
WBAATo Try New Program WiU Build New Show On Commercial Cines; Tryouts Today
The University’s radio station, WBAA, will present in the near future a radio program similar to commercial programs now on the air. It.wiU-bg,.aJ|ialf^hour weekly feature with an orchestra, a Fred Waring type glee clii^ a short skit, and news of the week. No definite date has been set as to when these programs will start, but a trial program will be given before Christmas. R. D. Ldnville, director of the pro^am, requested^ feiat all stu*' dents interested in writing radio scripts and a continuity meet in room A of the Memorial Union Building today at 4 p. m.
Prof. P. E. Lull To
Install Chapter Of Tau Kappa Alpha
Prof. P. E. Lull, of the University English department, has been chosen by the national organization of 'Tau Kappa Alpha, forensic honorary, to install a chapter at Manchester College, North Manchester, Ind. The presentation ceremony will be held before the student body tomorrow morning. At the installation banquet in the evening. Professor Dull will address the new initiates. He will also perform the initiation ceremony.
Plan Series Of
Sunday Concerts
First in a series of Sunday afternoon concerts will be presented in the Music Room of the Memorial Union Building on November 9 from 3 to 4 p. m. The program will 4!onsist of a number of solos in Italian, French, and English by Mrs. Uubert M. James, and several piano solos by Dr. J. A. Estey. Further notes on the program will appear in Friday’s Exponent.
‘Big Robbie’ To Address Graduate Forum' Sunday
Dr. C. H. “Big Robbie” Robertson will speak to the Graduate Forum ■at its meeting in the Wesley Foundation house at 6:30 o’clock next Sunday evening. In his discussion of “What Is Or Should Be The Groat Enterl>riso Before The Human Race?” “Big Robbie” will give the results of 26 years of thought on the subject as well as a summary of the many questionnaires which have been filled out at his request by hundreds of people throughout the country.
The Yale Glee ,Club perforpied in six different foreign nations during its recent tour; France, Holland, Denmark, Norway, Belgium, .and Sweden.
Heavy Rain Causes Wabash River To Rise
The heavy rain in and around Lafayette and the middlewestem part of Indiana caused the Wabash river to rise almost 20 feet in the last two days, according to the scale below the State street bridge. Late yesterday afternoon, the river was rising very slowly, but was expected to reach its peak before morning. The river road was submerged in several places Tuesday morning; in one place near the Wabash Valley Sanitarium and in another between the sanitarium and the Soldiers’ Home.
Lodde Trials
Start Today Individual Trophy To Be Given To Winning Co-ed November 10
Preliminaries of the Lodde speech contest will be held at 4 o’clock this afternoon in room 301 in University Hall to decide the seven co-eds who will speak in the finals November 10. Ninety co-eds signed up for the contest representing nine organizations. They are: Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Xi Delta, Chi Omega, Kappa Alpha Theta, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Pi Beta Phi, P. I. A., Wesley Cooperative House, and W. R. H. Sponsors The Lodde Jewelry Co., of Lafayette, is awarding the trophies to be given to the winners. An individual trophy will be given to the co-ed who wins, and an organization trophy to the organization which scores the most points. Last year the Kappas won the organization trophy, and Mary Wilson the individual trophy.
Tour For Auto
Group Nov. 19
Between 40 and 60 students, who are majoring in automotive engineering at the University, will make an inspection tour of northwestern Indiana and Chicago on November 19. In order to get some ideas for the automobile show they are putting on December 10, 11, and 12, they will visit the plant of the Standard Oil Company in Whiting, the plant of the Dlinois Steel Company in Gary, and the Chicago automobile show.
Scout Training Offered Co-eds
Miss Dorothy Palmer, a member of the national field staff of the Girl Scouts of America^ will conduct the short training course in Scout leadership which is to be offered to University women from November 10 to 14. ^ The first meeting will be Tuesday, November 10, at 4:46 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium, and all girls interested shoulij sign up on the bulletin board in the main lobby of the gym before this meeting. A fee of 60 cents will be charged for the course,
HaU To Talk At Weekly Browsing Room Meeting
Prof. F. R, Hall, news commentator for WBAA, will speak on “The Western Frontier” at the regular weeklj^ Browsing Room meeting tonight in the Faculty Lounge of the Memorial^Union Building at 7:30 o’clock. Professor Hall has written two books on the West and he is considered an authority on the development of the last frontier.
Poultry Short Course Students Need Rooms
Approximately 40 rooms will be needed to house the Poultry Short Course students from Nov. 9 to 20. Peopl,e wishing to rent rooms for this period should call the University Poultry Department 8176.
In contrast to large Federal reserves in Hawaii and Alaska, all the land in American Samoa is privately owned.
Engineers To Vie By Classes For Prizes In Annual Hanley Speech Contest
Each year the Hanley Speech contest, honoring W. A. Hanley, University graduate of 1911, is presented to the student bpdy through the combined efforts of the speech and engineering departments, and the donor of the prize fund. Undergraduate engineering students are the only persons eligible for participation. Before the winner finally can be chosen next March, preliminary class contests must necessarily be held. The Hanley division of the Beveridge participation was the first step in this direction. The Hanley rules of this contest were stressed, namely that an engineer must speak upon an economic subject. Although each participant may choose his own specific subject, his
entry must follow this same general rule before it will be accepted. Next in order is the sophomore contest, which is scheduled for November 18. Correct time for the junior and senior classes will be announced in later issues of the E^xponent. Prospective sophomore contestants may register at their convenience in Dean Potter’s office in the Engineering Administration Building, or the speech office 306, in the University Hall.
Prize The prize fund, established by W. A. Hanley, consists of a $60 first prize, and a $20 second prize. Judges for these preliminary contests will be selected by the chairman of the speech staff.
Potter Plans Trip To St. Louis Monday Will Aid Inf'The Accreditiiijg
Of Engineering Schools
Dean A. A. Potter, head of the schools of engineering, will go to St. Louis Monday for a week’s session with a committee of seven engineers, of which he is head, to take up accrediting of engineering colleges in the United States. He recently returned from Washington, D. C., where he attended a meeting of the executive committee of the American Engineering Coimcil, of which he is serving as president this year. College Inspection Following the preliminary meeting in St. Louis to discuss the basis of inspection of the engineering buildings, equipment, and curricula. Dean Potter will go with the committee to inspect the Missouri School of Mines, Kansas State College, and the University of Kansas. A scheaure* of other engineering schools in the remaining states will be worked out. On November 19, the University engineering head will be in New York to attend a meeting of the national board which will select the winner of the John Fritz medal, given every year to the engineer who has made the outstanding contribution to the public welfare.
Open House Sunday At Men’s Co-op
Members of the men’s cooperative house, corner of University and State streets, will hold open house Sunday afternoon fimm 2 to 4 p. m. The committee in charge has extended an invitation to all and hopes that many will call to inspect the newly organized home.
Students Released
By State Police Alleged Lawbreakers Permitted To Return To Uni versity
James Kurtz, 18, and Robert Gray, 20, two University students charged with attempted forced entry into the Standard Oil gasoline station at Grant and Northwestern avenues Tuesday night, were released by the state police yesterday afternoon on the recommendation of Dean Fisher.
The police sergeant at the state barracks stated that the boys may have meant it as a prank, but the taking of light bulbs constitutes petty larency which may be punished by a year’s prison sentence.
New Chance After a brief consultation with Dean Fisher, the police decided that the boys should be given the chance to continue their education.
Chi Epsilon Initiates Five
Chi Epsilon, civil engineering honorary, held its formal initiation in room D of the Union Building yesterday afternoon at 6 o’clock. Three seniors, C. F. Ingwalson, J. K. Freeman, and W. O. Mitchell, and two juniors, G. D. Rose, and J. L. Waling, were made members of the honorary fraternity. A banquet followed the initiation at 6 o’clock in the reception room. Prof. E. V. Greenfield, of the modem language department, spoke on “Methods Of Worship In Europe And Africa,” which he has observed during his travels through these continents. R. C. Turnbell acted as toastmaster at the banquet.
Scribe Interviews Marjory Maxwell, Soprano Soloist Of KryFs Symphony
By Elizabeth Pyke
That the University’s quiet attention was appreciated Tuesdaj night by the Kryl Symphony was enthusiastically expressed by the accompanying soprano soloist, Marjory Maxwell. “In what work were you before you became associated with the symphpny?” we questioned the brunette vocalist. “Oh, I was in concerts, in opera, and on the radio when Mr. Kryl chose me because he wanted a soloist,” she explained freely to the correspondents backstage.
Hard Work
Traveling by bus through the night and performing twice and three times a day is very hard work. The members of the orchestra ride in buses while one of the boys drives Mr. Kryl’s private car, in which the owner and Miss Maxwell ride.
“Some people thought Uie men looked quite young. Is this true?” we inquired of the lady, wbo appeared to be possibly forty years old. “They are young but are graduate students, several years out of college. I think yotmg men are good for the orchestra because they are so enthusiastic and eager to do their best,” she added.
“How long have you been on the road?” we asked as we noticed a wedding ring on her hand. “We’ve been gone five or six weeks and will complete the ttm” by December 4. Next year Mr. Kryl wants me to go on a twenty-week tour which would take us from coast to coast and include Mexico. But I don’t know,” she sighed as she apparently thought of the long strenuous schedule. “As for pleasure, I would not be able to see much of the country because we travel by night and work during the day.” Widespread Music Interest Besides playing for many universities and colleges, the Kryl Symphony Orchestra entertains high school and grade school boys and girls. Children will listen with-wide-eyed attention. Miss Maxwell spoke warmly of the almost always fine interest in music that the people of the Dakotas have. She said that they are fairly starved for good music because concert tours seldom include that region. Marjory Maxwell attended Montana where she was a member of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority. Since the interview took place during the last orchestral number, the co-eds thanked the singer and left—as many members of the audience came behind the stage to congratuleio the musicians.
Unusual Leaving Time Prevents Team Send-Off
No send-off will be given for the Boilermakers this week as they depart for their intersectional tilt with the Fordham Rams in New York City Saturday. The team will depart at 2 p. m. today on the Wabash Railroad. Although a pep session had been tentatively planned. University officials said it would be impossible to dismiss Thursday afternoon classes for the occasion. As the team will return at 8 a. m. Monday, it will be impossible to conduct a welcome.
Armistice Day Plans Made
POMM To Fire Memorial Salute, And Lay Wreath In Union
Members of the Purdue Order of Military Merit will open the University Armistice Day program by firing the national salute in front of the library at 11 a. m. next Wednesday, President E. C. Elliott announced yesterday. They will use a regulation 76 mm. field piece of the University ROTC. While the salute is being fired all those in classes, laboratories and offices of the University will cease activity and stand at attention. Memorial Wreath Another detail from’ the POMM will place a wreath on the memorial tablet in the hall of the Memorial Union Building and taps will be soimded. J. H. Shoemaker, president of the Memorial Union, will read the Purdue Honor Roll, giving the names and home town addresses of the 64 Purdue men and women who died in the world war and whose names appear on the Memorial tablet. Fallowing this. Dr. Robert Phillips of the history, economics and government staff will deliver a five minute address. The entire program will last but 16 minutes, and will be broadcast over WBAA, the University broadcasting station.
Roosevelt Polls Historical Vote
For President
Only twice before in the history of these United States has a Presidential candidate received as complete an aggregation of electoral votes as given last Tuesday to Franklin D. Roosevelt. George Washington was unanimously elected as our first president and James Monroe ri^ceived all but one electoral vote and this from a senator who thought that Washington should remain the only President ever to be unanimously elected.
Purdue Gets New
Ghem Fellowship
The Hercules Powder Company, of Wilmington, Delaware, has just established a new industrial research fellowship with the Purdue Research Foundation to investigate the nitration of certain hydrocar-
bons.
For the past six years, the chemistry department has been very active in the research of hydrocarbons under the direction of Px*of. H. B. Hass. At present there are six research foundations, all of which are related to the field of hydrocarbons, which employ ten research chemists.
Students Organize ISew Club-‘^'‘Bivouac^*
“Bivouac” is the recently chosen name of the house at 40 North Sidtsbury street. Its thiri^ resident men comprise the whole of intramural ward 7x and have organized this newest social club on the campus. The club holds regular business meetings, and is planning a series of social affairs. The officers amt Stephen Vanderhoof, president; David Meacham, Phillip Bodman, and Lowell Ford, vice presid«m1 Charles Porter, secretary; and Robert Knepple, treasurer.
Arrangements Complete For Hort Show
ETerything^ Ready For Record Exhibit; First Entries Arrive
“Decorations are complete and entries are starting to come in,” stated general manager, C. D. Ko^ regarding the Sixteenth Aunual Purdue Horticultural Show whi^ is to open in the Horticultare Building tomorrow at 1 p. m. Koch further requested that, if possible, visitors plan to attend the show before Sunday afternoon, as last year 3,000 people crowded through the display rooms between 1 and 6 p. m. The show is sponsored in cooperation with the Indiana Vegetable Growers’ Association and the Indiana Horticultmal Socieiy. The exhibit will be open to the public Friday afternoon, and evening, all day Saturday, and Sunday afternoon.
Oh, Those Election Bets
Penny - Pushing, Pad^ dling. Kissing Feature Pay-Offs
Splat! Huff and puff . . . then a grunt, was Jack Swinney’s procedure of passing his election bet while on his hands and knees pushing a lone dime with his adhesive-taped nose yesterday afternoon. In front of the Pi Kappa Phi house Jack toiled, while winner Ed Bruington whacked him with a long paddle each time he whistled. A provision of the bet was that he whMtle every time he crossed a crack in the sidewalk. While these two boys were entertaining a crowd across from the Civil Engineering Building, a non-exist-ent line of co-eds were presumably waiting for^Hugh Forster or Paul Manion to steal a kiss to fulfill their election agreement. Rmnor has it that the boys had to postpone HiC pasrment of the penalty until todiqr, since neither was fast enough on his feet to catch a lass unaware.
Election Pawns JerrjrCiral was smuggled by «H«t of much coaxing from the Pi Kappa Alpha house, and exhibited to inters ested persons in the village by an unnamed co-ed. Said co-ed was much surprised to have Ciral flomrish gun (imloaded) and swear vengeance on girls using such a handsome feUoW for a mere pawn in an election game. Cokes, sodas, dimes, peanuts, pipes, hats, all figured in imrious ways for those unlucky enough to champion unelected candidates—awd original enough to think of novel firtes. Seemingly forfeiters are experiencing election day hangovers!
Huston To Speak To Home Ee Group
“The Girl Of Today” is the topic of an address to be given by Bfes. Louise Huston of New York City on November 12 at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics auditorium. Following her talk, Mrs. Huston will present a style revue showing “smart and practical” dresses modeled by selected University co-eds-The style show will include a bridal
party.
The program will be sponscared by the Virginia C. Meredith (Rublallian Murphy, president, invite all women students to attend the meeting.
There were 42 accidents on United States scheduled air lines during the first half of 1936.
MILITARY BALL TICHMI’S
Theare are a fenr MRitnry BaR tickets left that have been turned in recently. Those who stRl wish to obtain thmn may do so by calling Ihkker «t ipto fhi Gamma Delta bourneBAXPUL4f
is'
-/
jA
giwtel’wo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, November 5,1986
Contributions
Many Reader’s Opinions have been submitted with no names attached. TheExponent is willing to print such contributions unsigned provided we know who wrote them. This in-, formation is kept secret, being made available to no one. If “snarfy,” “rokowo,” “Old Pappy,” and numerous others would make their identities known, their articles would be considered for publication. At present, such unsigned contributions receive no consideration whatsoever.
Side Splitting
Last Friday’s Bold and Black column held a mirror up to the face of the student body and reflected a dirty smudge. Better than any detailed opinion, more striking than any comparisons, it betrayed how inherently dishonest the average student is. Quote: A certain Foods teacher left the room during a Junior and Senior Foods test she was giving—upon the board she placed “And this above all unto thine own self be true”—and the girls didn’t laugh—much . . . On the face of it the article seems to poke fun at the teacher in question. Upon being given more thought, though, the printed words reveal themselves to be laughing at the weaknesses of a group of people who claim to be men and women who have left behind them such petty dishonesties as cheating on
tests.
It is a well known fact that students are honest in tests only when they think that they can’t get away with cheating. “Cribs” are carefully prepared beforehand and passed on from class to class. Simple signal systems are devised. Often when the proctor is preoccupied, loud whispers carry needed information across the room. And these same students who participated in these methods are horrified at the word “cribbing.” It is not the purpose or place of the Exponent to worry about student honesty—^that is the problem of other groups. It merely regrets to inform the reading public that a certain paragraph in Friday’s Bold and Black has died as the result of splitting its sides from laughing.—J. E. B.
The Penalty Is Paid Can a person be pardoned for an offense for which he has already paid the penalty ? This question was brought before the University officials recently when violators of a Purdue regulation long ago asked a pardon for an act for which sentences of suspension from school and probation terms had been served. Many years ago, a certain sophomore class at Purdue decided to have a class banquet. Its requests for permission to hold such an affair were refused by administrators of the University because of a rule prohibiting class functions. Undeterred by lack of official sanction, that sophomore class completed its plans and assembled on a set night for the banquet. A band of freshmen appeared upon the scene and there ensued a scuffle that resulted in some serious bruises. Four sophomores, the class president and the banquet committee of three, were sentenced to suspension from the University for the remainder of the year, and the rest of the class was placed on probation for the same term. The class served its probation sentence. Two of the suspended students returned to school the next year and subsequently graduated, while the other two never came back.
$ttrbue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 Plssoctoied Golieeiote Press Distributors of GDUe6iate[)i6est
Member of National CoUege Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association nCPRESENTED FOIt NATIONAU ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO . BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGELES • Portland > Seattle Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette. Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.50 per year; delivered by carrier, 82.50 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 5037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Editor-in-chief W. T. Hunt Managing Editor —E. H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manion. C. L. Sadler
SPORTS STAFF
Sports Editor.....
Aiaiociate Sports Editors...
L. D. Wood
W. H. Pifleld, S. B. Griffiths,
R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Bnalnesa Manager-— ■ Hulse NaUonal Advertising Manager L. H. Brown Local Advertising Manager.. D. C. Miller Cixeyilation Manager,— - J. P. Girard
Editor-
WOMEN’S STAFF
Advettieing Manager.. Aiwoeiato Editors
—Helen Creech
Betty Barnett „ J^eanne Janousek, Doris McCartney,
Elisabeth Pyke
Iflaue C!ditor~-'H. N. Beiurends
Now, that class of long ago wishes to arrange a reunion on the University campus and has written to the president to ask that a full pardon be granted for the infraction of the rule. The logical reply to the request is that since the class has paid the penalty for its offense, the niversity holds nothing against it, and that a pardon would be meaningless. —R. P. M.
Readers^ Opinions The Exponent welcomei eommenU of good teste and reasoneble length from its readers.
Peace And Preparedness To the Editor: In Adolph Zukor’s Paramount News last week in the Luna Theater, the first article or scene showed the practice bombing and gassing of Paris and the cleanup afterwards. The dialogue said that Paris remembered the last war’s raids and was readily cooperating with the authorities in learning how to escape a new one, not if, but when it comes. It also said that other European cities are and even the United States should prepare for the fatal day when enemy aircraft zoom down upon our metropolises and destroy with bombs and gas. If one really wishes to escape the raids, he should aid the peace of the world and not try to start new wars by throwing a war, gas, or murder scare into the populace. Peace comes through disarmament and love of thy neighbor, not through the so-called preparedness and hatred and fear.—Claude B. Indekker.
Definition To the Editor: There seems to be some doubt as to what is meant by the tradition, no smoking on the campus. The difficulty lies in the definition of the word, “campus.” I believe it is the accepted custom to consult Webster when in doubt. From the second edition of Webster’s International Unabridged Dictionary, the definition of campus is: “the grounds of a college or school between the buildings or within the main enclosure;” Clearly this excludes the insides of all buildings from being included as a part of the campus. So if H. F. Kueck and his friends wish to stop instructors from smoking in their offices they will either have to change the tradition or write a new dictionary. If the tradition is changed it will no longer have the distinction of being old and sacred, and if a new dictionary is written, I’m afraid it will take more time than Kueck can spare. It is also generally agreed that the main enclosure of the Purdue campus is the iron railing around both the north and south campus. Therefore, it is the duty of all students to restrain from smoking on the Ag campus as well as the north campus until the majority of students have indicated that they wish the tradition to be discontinued.—W. M. A.
Opinion
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this eolumno Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
On No Smoking
It’s now swing, swing, swing in Ebershoff’s Band—^“Swing Sister” GRIMM is now swingster of this outfit.... All good Republicans crawl in the nearest hole and pull it in with you .. .election bets of all sorts and forms are being settled in their quaint and casual manner—Heavilon Hall was the stamping ground yesterday for maiiy co-eds hoping that another ed would happen by to settle a bet—^the first fellow that tried to pay off met with a mild amount of resistance, but it was only mild . . . He met a girl from a sorority home. Together they were happy. She took a look at his skull and bones . . . Now he’s a sorority sappy. . . —Burmashave. LOUISE BAIN now holds the fair sex record in the manly art of bowling upon this campus—193 is her record score the other day— what a woman? ? . . . ask CLOSSEN . .. PETEY LIGHT ie> running beautiful beam on her face—“The LIGHT man” HOEFFER has been transferred to Chi ... ^ HERE’S TO ROMANCE I want to go to a dance Where there’ll be much romance At Military Ball Pride of the Fall You’ll find a swell chance To—Aw who cares anyway . . . To The Editor: Sorry PURDUE co-eds, but notice about kissing bet on election between FORSTER and ME was wrong. FORSTER bet on Landon, I on Roosevelt. Don’t mind giving co-eds a break, but I don’t want my betting ability underestimated. —R. P. Manion. P. S. (To Co-eds) Bet will be paid at Heavilon Hall at 10 to 8 this morning. R. P. M. Also to the Editor: Sorry, I lost. May God have mercy on my soul and some poor co-ed. A. H. Forster. ROSS DREVER call me at 4035 concerning'date for Saturday night you made with me, MARGARET MATHES. I have bid to Kappa Dance and hope you are still going to take me . . . —^paid advertisement. Friday is the last day for Doit or pomes with doit in them . .
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Do I pay you to stay awake during business hours ?”
BLOCK and TACKLE got the MARS passes last week, why not you this week . . .
Eliot Bennet, hot dog salesman at the University of California football games used “hot stuff” to beat heat. When his clothes caught on fire, he put the blaze out by spilling mustard on himself.
I like to smoke. I like to smoke everyplace I go. I even smoked on the campus up until last Thursday morning when a co-ed walked up to me and asked me to throw my fag away. Somewhat embarrassed, I complied, silently condemning the tradition and those who are trying to bring it back. I still think the whole thing is somewhat childish, but I can, by now, see a little merit in it. The idea obviously isn’t to keep the campus clean, to prevent fires, or to keep pa pa’s little boy away from a bad habit. The purpose behind the movement is to keep Purdue apart from ordinary schools and to build up a little of what is often referred to, erroh eously perhaps; as school spirit. It isn’t a return to the “horse and buggy era” except as it is trying to restore a little of the then-exist-ent loyalty to the school and its traditions. Those were theydays when Purdue was something besides a little boarding school where you could get an education and for which you otherwise didn’t give a damn. Even though I do think it is silly, I will hereafter cooperate to the extent that I won’t smoke on the campus any more. * * * * Due to the never ending requirements of thermo and other courses, I haVe asked that my daily stint (some probably refer to these articles as “blabs”) be cut down to three days a week. So from now on I will write only in the Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday editions. I suppose that a lot of people will gnash their teeth because I am not quitting entirely, but one has to get used to that sort of thing.
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELP-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
LUMA TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY 2 First Run Hits!
\S)iamotuk
...MEETS THE KING of HEARTS in MAIDEN LANE!
Statistics show that animated cartoons are more in demand in other Occidental countries than in the United States. These cartoons now are made in French, Spanish, Italian, and German.
ARC TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY GENE AUTREY
“Singing Cowboy’ and “McFadden Flats’ also “Clutching Hand’
Read The Exponent
ETHER THRILLS AS CUPID TURNS IIO SPONS«u>'>
It electrifies' the air waves!
H
HBSOQHEi
(3a^
II
with
iGlendaFARRELL* Ross ALEXANDERS Anne Nagel Craig Reynold^, A Wa rncr Bret. First NetionaL P I e t « r,e,;
TODAY ONLY
MAIDEN
rWiTH ; ■' CLAIRE TREVOR Cesar-ROMERO Dougi.s FOWLEY Ll-Syd NOLAN
• Pins—
A PICTURE THAI SPEAKS JIG HT OUT!
fonc»lv«d bypRANKLIN D
ROOSEVELT
Prtildonl of Ih* UNITED STATES end wrillin for
LIBERTY
magazine
* RKPUBLIC PICVUR6
MARS
V ij m M / ij rrrj^
hdARS
TOMORROW
and
SATURDAY'h<*W
,' .,v ^
--<>r, • 'r- fr ,,.>r-' -v-'-
Thursday, Noveinher 6,1936 auie,' '.".‘li'i.i'i’i',, ..L’.agwia.nBigii' 'i,' .',' ,;j;ja
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Louisiana State
And Olympic Star Joins Pro Ranks
Baton Rouge, La. — (AGP) — “Baby” Jack Torrance, famous Louisiana State University athlete and Olympic star, returned to his old campus recently but not as an amateur. Torrence, under contract to Promoter Mike Jacobs, of the 20th Century Athletic Club, in New I York City, is here to whip himself ' into shape for the first fight of his professional boxing career, which will be fought within the next seven weeks.
Herbie Brodie, Torrance’s manager and a former welter-weight fighter with 16 years of ring experience, finds it difficult to keep Jack under training: “It’s av^ully hard to keep Jack at work. You know,'it’s tough managing a fighter like Torrance. I can’t lick him and I can’t outrun him. All I can do is out-talk him, and that gets awfully hard to do at times. While punching a heavy bag at L.S.U. gymnasium Torrance said: “Boy, this pro’ game is a long way from peaches and cream. How I envy those guys who play football and those other easy games.” Prom looking at him and comparing him with his former self, one would hardly believe that he has lost 35 pounds, yet he claims that he feels like a dwarf: “I’ve lost 36 pounds already. In another two weeks I’ll be able to ■fight in the flyweigh division.”
KEW MAIN
Today - Friday - Saturday Big Double Feature “Jailbreak^’
Pins ‘Cheers of the Crowd”
Sunday - Monday - Tuesday Wednesday Starting MID-NITE SHOW Saturday Night at 11:30 P. M.
' Goes Into ACTION!
Boilermakers Start For East At2p.m.Today Stalcnip, Drake, Isbell,
Are Available For Tilt With Fordham
At 2 p. m. today the Boilermaker football squad leaves for New York and the Fordham Rams on the Wabash R. R. This will be the fourth week that the team has departed to battle and the next to last trip the boys •will make this season. The game Saturday will show a line heralded as the best defensive outfit in the East and a backfield with a 6.23 yards average running attack against top-ranking opposition. This encounter will have the first-string backfield together after three weeks of varied injuries to Fred Stalcup, John Drake, and Cecil Isbell. Tough Defense Fordham has piled up an impressive scoring sheet with 100 points in 6 games as compared to their opponents’ 19. The Rams are as yet undefeated and except for last Saturday’s tie with Pitt have an undefeated record.
ielder’s.... ....ckoice
III -■■By Bob Walpole- — A couple of interesting tid-bits from some of the other college and university papers . . . included in our references are the Ohio State Lantern, and the University Daily Kansan. . . . —fc— Coach Bernie Bierman Has a system which he uses on the Minnesota Goidters with telling effect... if the players become careless in their tackling, he makes them go out for a run on the track until they are ready to return to the practice field with full intentions of meeting the tackling dummys on at .least even terms . . . —^fc—
Jim Crowley, the Rams’ coach, is very well pleased 'with his line this year and has enough confidence in it to call it equal to the line which opened holes for him when he starred as one of Knute Rockne’s “Four Horsemen”. This statement has drawn criticism from many sources and will receive its most decisive test this week-end. If Captain Maytte is in condition the Rams will be a real threat to the Boilermakers.
Same Line “Nobe” Kizer is taking his team East with all -regulars but Vergane in the starting lineup. George Spehn will continue at right end in Vergane’s place and should perform with more ease now that his knee* injury has improved. The squad has fully recovered from the effects of the Minnesota tussle and will be out to uphold its eastern record and perform as in the first three games of this season.
A stirring romance of the gridiron With PHILIP HUSTON JAMES GLEASON ^ JUNE TRAVIS BRUCECABOT ANDY DEVINE
Dltecled by George NicholU, Jr. A Pandro S. Berman Produgtion From the thrilling node/ by Francis Wallace
RKCMIADIO nCfUtt,
FIRST TIME SHOWN IN lafaye;tte
IM Cross-Country Won By Horvatits
Yesterday afternoon the "Ward cross country finals were run off with P. J. Harvatis winning in 12:42 with C. W. Bunger and B. Stark coming in after hifn in that order. The final standing of the Wards in this event are first. Ward 6 with 12 points;- second. Ward 7 with 27 points; and third. Ward 16 with 3 points. The seeming oddity of the scores lies in the fact that in cross country racing the team with the least points wins. .
SOFTBALL
TODAY Field 1— H-1 VB. A-1. 2— B-1 vs. C-1. 3— D-1 vs. E-l, 4— F-1 vs. H-2. 6—^A-2 vs. B-2. 6— C-2 vs. D-2. 7— ^E-2 vs. F-2. 8— H-3 vs. A-S. 9— B-8 vs. C-3. 10— 1>-3 vs. E-3. 11— P.3 vs. H-4. 12— A-4 vs. B-4. 18—C-4 vs. D-4. 14—E-4 vs.' F-4. 16—Ward 7 vs. Ward 11. 16— Ward IB, vs. Ward 2 or 16. 17— Delta Upsilon vs. Loser (Phi Gamata Delta vs. Sigma Phi Elpsilon), Official Gillis. 18— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Winner (Phi Delta Theta vs. Sgma Alpha Epsilon), Official Bartling. 19— Sighna Chi vs. Winner (Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigma Phi Epsilon). Official, Spencer.
The state of Washington has an Indian poulation of 11,263.
Today - Friday - Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE
AMERICA MENACEDi
"“LEGION of TERROR
BRUCE CABOT MARGUERITE CHURCHILI,
THRILLING, SPILLING SUSPENSE!
ft
Radng Blood
with FRANKIE DARRO KANE RICHMOND
From The Sports Spectator in the Ohio State paper we read with distaste of an objection from the sports ed which appears to be a good example of “grandstand coaching” . . . the author takes it upon himself to discuss the use of various and sundry reasons as to why the quarterbacks, namely Dye and Wasylik, failed to execute what he, the author, thought was the proper thing to do ... we wish to remark that perhaps the coaching staff could handle the situation without the added assistance of the critic-. . . —^fc—
Sts'
Swimmers Get In 1 Shape For Season
S-wimmers are getting in shape for another season of tank contests. Under the supervision of coach LaBree the varsity is practising Monday, Wednesday and Friday afternoons in the Memorial Gymnasium pool. This year’s water polo team is comprised almost entirely of seniors who have had one or more years of experience. These seasoned men should show up well in the season’s
contests.
The squad plans to go to Florida during the Christmas holidays. A dance, held earlier this fall provided funds for the trip.
The Boilermaker netmen are practicing daily mainly to get into the proper condition for the many races up and down the floor during the strenuous games in the very near future ... do you know that we open the net schedule in a little more than a month? ? ? . . .
Bo-Men Prepare For Intersectional Clash
Bloomington, Ind., Nov. 4.—Politics and election day held no interest at all for the Indiana University football squad today as the Hoosiers started hard work for Saturday’s game with Syracuse. The game here with the -visiting Easterners will be Indiana’s only intersectional clash of the season, and the Hoosiers are eager to protect their record against Eastern foes. Since Coach Bo McMillin •took over the coachirijg-^reins^'at Indiana, the Hoosiers have tied Temple and defeated Maryland twice in games against the East.
Sorority Bowling Enters Second Round
The women’s bowling league, enters its second week of activity to morrow -with the folio-wing schedule: Chi Omega vs. Ward 2 at 7 o’clock, and Alpha Chi Omega vs. Ward 4 at 9 p. m. In this new league the sororities play every other week and a cup goes to the -winning sorority.
T
See The Campus Coat at HERSEY’S 124 N. Sixth St
TIm tWnlriinr fellow cells A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per psssenarer any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
We Sell Parker Pens and Pencils R. C. EISENBACH
Jeweler and Optician 504 Main Street
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
35 Frosh Thirty-five freshman tanksters have reported so far. Any freshmen who have not yet come out are urged to do so. Men now out for football can report after the football practice is over. Coach Allen needs several more good s-wimmers especially in the breast and back stroke di-visions. The frosh are working out on Tuesday and Thursdays from 4 to 6:30. Several freshman telegraphic meets are scheduled for the near future which -will include matches -with Butler, DePauw, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Illinois.
Cross-Country Race Postponed
Due to the small number of entries for the cross-country walking race, which is a two and one-half mile race going three times aroond the intramural field, the event has been postponed until Tuesday of next week. This event has been prominent in intramural activities for the past twelve years and should prove a treat to sports fans.
Co-ed Swim Cliib Meets In Gym Tonight
V Tonight at 7:30 o’clock the hew co-ed swimming club -will meet in the Women’s Gsmi to formulate a constitution and to elect officers. The group plans to sponsor many all-University co-ed aquatic events during the year.
J"
True Christmas Cheer Help to
Ths NcilioiMd, State and Loced Tubeteuloete Associations of the United States
WBAA
THURSDAY
11:00 Hoosier Town Hall, Prof. F. E. Lull 11:50 Purdue News Flashes, Bob Woodworth. 12:06 Noon Musicale—^Arsene Summers, Contralto. 12 :1B Luncheon Dance Music—^Popular recordings dedicated to Alpha Xi Delta sorority. 12 ;S0 Chemistry. 12:46 Noon Musicale—Glen Grose, guitar, harmonica, and vocal. 1:00 You and Your Health “Scarlet Fever” Claire E. Healey, M. D. 1:15 Electrical Shop “Faraday & Discovery of Pyinciple of Electro-Magntetic InduQtiom” Mr. Siskind. 1:80 American Literature, Prof. Sutcliffe. 1:46 Markets, Mr. J. R. Hays. 2:00 Weather reports and current events, 2:16 Musical Album. 2 ;30 Songs and Melodies, Bill Jones, tenor. 2:46 Treasure Chest, Mr. Robert Horn. 3:00 Musical Moments. 3:16 EMucation and Society “Common Sense and Psychology”, Dr. Laurence "Whisler. 3:30 Afternoon Musicale, “The Stranger” pianist. 3:45 Man-Behind-The-'Wheel, interviewing automobile drivers from the street.
1 ‘‘Now you boys take your 20i cigarettes and run along. Tm dancing a with Arthur because we both prefer TWENTY GRANDS.”
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COIArEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISER
WE CERTIFY that we have inspected the Turkish and Domestic Tobaccos blended in TWENTY GRAND cigarettes and find them as fine in smoking quality as those used in cigaiettes costing as much as 50^ more.
(Signed) Seil, Putt & Rushy Inc. (In cottaboratitmulithtdbaetoeiferO
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locka^ night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty.
F. Jos. MiiUiaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
)400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, 'but we do it well WaUace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
DR. A, M. IRION Dentist
119 >/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Domer's Flower Shop Quality Flowers'
Main at 7tli
Phone 6050
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
^SUDDEN ^RVICS
I Wm ■ Me
INTIN G^, QHes tWIaaaiy.PI Vaddbis laynsMoM
FMONB " WmBs^IIs., ^620 CASSEt'S 4MMM«
ALSO OBTAINABLE IN FLAT FIFTIES
We Carry a Complete Line of
SOUTHWORTH'S
IT HMIM'T AM AMROW LABIk IT ISN'T AN AAROW AHtllT
ARROW
In Lafoyotto-^IPB DEWENTERS
Who Carry a PoR line of Arrow Shlr^
‘-'.uM,
% V
'- 'f!
A.2 A'-f
■"'i
-''if
. D... ■ m'',
L-r-
•■rfv-
!v?",,1 ~<T'V-\ ?/?':■ •‘^r"
^geyour
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Thwrsday, Novembey 5,1936
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all madiines. C. P. Ebershoff, €06 Main St. Phone 2m
Ballroom Dancing Class for Beginners opens Wednesday, Nov. 11, at Allen’s.
Advanced Ballroom Dancing Class opens Friday, Nov. 18, at Allen’s.
For Sale—Roll top desk $8.00 (this is a bargain), 2 metal desk chairs, ea. $2.50. Good radio. At Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Bowlers—Leave your orders for bowling shoes at the Varsity Boot Shop.
For Rent—Room for one student in double room. Phone 76721. 21 University.
NOTICES
No iwticn accepiMl after 8 p. m.
Conditional Examination For CE 22— Will be given in room 301 of the Civil Engineering Building from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, December 5, 1036. Please consult instructor well in advance. —BORESON.
N. Y. A.—Checks for period ending October 10 are now available at the cashier’s office, University HalL —HOLLENSBEE.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—^Informal initiation will be held November 13 in room 820 of the Chemistry Building. The initiation banquet will be at 7 o’clock November 17 at Wheeler’s over in Lafayette. Formal initiation will precede the banquet. —SLBSSER.
Fraternity Presidents—^Meeting November B, at 6 p. m. in the Phi Kappa Tan fraternity. —KETTLE.
Alpha Phi Omega—Meeting November 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room D of the Memorial Union Building, for the selection of the pledges. All members attend. —KUECK.
AUiletic Managers—Another division is being added to ‘ the Inter-Fraternity Bowling League. We can accomodate six more teams. If you have not entered and wish to take advantage of this offer, call the Student Union Office between 4 and 5:30
—PFORZHEIMER.
W. A. A. Riflery—6:45 at Kappa Kappa Camma, 7 :30 at Alpha Chi Omega. Makeup on Wednesday and Thursday nights at 8:15 to 9:00. —RICHEY.
Union Workers—My committee meet in Union office 4 p. m. November 6. —PERKINS.
Union Workers—^My committee report to ^utze and Stallings the rest of this week sn' Union Workshop. —CLAYPOLE.
/
Union Woiften—Out committees meet every ifftemoon at 4 and every evening at 7 in the workshop until Friday to work on Military Ball decorations. —SHEETZ, PUTZE, REID.
Lodde ..Contestants—Lodde contestants report to room 801 University Hall November 5 for' Lodde contest preliminaries. 4:00—^Kappa Kappa Gamma: Helm, Berry, Hinchman, B. J. Sextan, R. Sextan, Neville, Salman, Danmeyer, Johnson, Assemberg, Richig, Bain', Forman, Hallam, Schaaf, Scudder. 4:16—^Alpha Xi Delta; Cromer, Bouton, Ahman, Thomas, M. Smith, Billings, Wetsel, r^rockmorton, Elliott, Bradley, Crone, Brasart, Schwab. 4:26—Kappa Alpha Theta: Bennett, Henry, Hunter, Johns, 'Whllhey, Pickett, Peters, Cummings, Dobson, Hilton, Anderson, Kelsey, Nelson, Elstrun, Barnett, Harrison, Baur, Pyke, Moore, Simpan', Ainsworth, Masters, Davis, Demorct, Ibili, Jorgeson. 4:40—^Alpha Chi Omega: Carter, Daniel, Frick, Fleig, Evans, Ezra, Grave, .Huffine, Rhsmearsan, Hawkins, Moorhead, ^Wilking, Kristjanson, Hixon, Rietb, Frast, Stolz, Thornbroilghv Ea^burn, Brasaemle, and Schmidt. 6:06—^Pettigrew, Kessler, Roe, Schilling, Hanlin, Randall, Schickler, Gibbs, Lewis, Mathes. 6:26—^Holden, Reeder, Mayhill.
W. S. G. A. jiudicial Board—Important meeting at 4 p. m! November B in the peasant room of the Union. —FELDT.
W. A. A. Archery—^Archery practice November 6, at 4 p. m. —BOEHM.
Scrivener Club—^Meeting November 5, at 126 W. Lutz, W. Lafayette, at 8 p. m. Bring manuscripts. —VERBER.
Camera Club—Meet in room B of Union at 7:16 o’clock November 6. —CLAYPOLE.
Union Workers—^Will the following members of my committee meet in room A of the Union November 6: D. R. Shoemaker, W. Shipley, R. Buechler, T. Fuener, J. E, Kessel, D. C. Manlove, R. Reeder, Betty Rann, Pean Bailey, Elizabeth Stewart, R. C- Meleney. Important 1 —PFORZHEIMER.
Baptist Students—^Professor Lull will read “Journey’s End" November B, at 7:30 p. m. in the West Side Baptist Church. —REV. GLEASON.
Freshmen Home Economic Girls—Girls interested in! working on committees in Virginia C. Meredith Club, meet in Home Ec room 108 on November 5 at 4 p. m. —MURPHY.
Tau Beta Pi—Formal initiation will be held at 4:30 November 24, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. Banquet to be at 6 p. m. 'The faculty is cordially invited. —WIRTH.
English 1—Make-up examination in grammar November 12 at 4 p. m. and 5 p. m. for those who cannot come at 4. Consult your instructor, past or present for room assignment. —WYKOFF.
Y. W. C. A.—Cabinet Meeting in the office at 7 p. m., November 5. —JONES.
W. A. A. Hockey—Juniors 'vs. BVeshmatt Blue, and Seniors 'vs. Freshman Orange November 6 at 4 p. m. —THOMPSON.
Engineering Lectnrea-^All Freshman engineers meet for Engineering Lectures at 11 o’clock November 6 in Eliza Fowler Hall. —KNAPP.
Radio Program—All persons interested in writing s'cripts for commercial type of program meet in room A of the Memorial Union building at 4 p. m. November 6. —LINVILLE.
Glider Club—^Meeting November 6 at 7:16 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building. —O’NEAL.
Flying Club—Meeting November 6 at 7 p. m. in room D of the Memorial Union Building. Important business including last sale of shares. —McCRACKIN.
Radio Club—Important meeting November 6 in room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. m. —BERNSTEIN.
Catalyst—Important meeting at the Pi Kappa Phi house 7 ;30 p. m. November B. Pledging will be discussed. —STROM.
Playshop Board—Meeting November B at 4 p. m. in the playshop office. —HOLDEN.
Student Forum Committee—Committee to meet following Forum November 6. —LUGINBILL.
sub-
Playshop Stage' Crew—Report to basement at 4 o’clock November 5.
—KETCHAM.
Union Thanksgiving Show—Pony chorus please report to Union ballroom November B at 4 p. m. —FLORER.
Union Thanksgiving Show—^Will the following people report to the Union ballroom November 6 at 4 p. m.: B. H. Bums, L. G. Blaker, C. Couch, W. Yeoman, W. White, M. E. Johnston, E. Ruth, J, Julian, F. Ruth, W. Gross, M. Oliver, B. Gibbs, M. Jones, I. Young, P. Timberlake, Sexton Sisters and Mueller, F. Walke and B. Heine, Furman, Beemer, Evans, Foesman', B. Crane, and M, Seften. —JACOBSEN.
Sigma Delta Chi—^Important meeting at 7 p. m. November 6, in the Debris office of the Memorial Union Building. —HARDIN.
TOUCHBALL GAMES TODAY
Field 1— Beta Theta Pi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Official Kerber. 2— Sigma Nu vs. Delta Chi. Official, Taylor. 3— Phi Delta, 'Theta vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Official, Boyer. 5— Pirathon vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Official, Martin. 6— Theta Chi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Official, Gaulke. 7— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Pi Phi. Official, Baluk.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
See The Campus Coat at MERSEY’S 124 N. Sixth St.
GEM Safety Razors 25c
Extra Blades for
All Razors
John Sperb
822-824 Main Street
ADULT DANCING CLASSES OPEN
BEGINNER’S
Wed., Nov. 11, 7:30 P. M.
Waltz and Fox Trot
Phone 2160
ADVANCED
Friday, Nov. 13, 7:30 P. M.
Latest Dances Taught
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
QUALITY FLOWERS
Corsages for the Military Ball
DornerV Flower Shop
Main at 7ffi Phone 6050
Guard that throat!
NO PENALTIES FOR THROATS! —IPs a light smoke If you’re hoarse at the gome, it won’t be from smoking...if yours is a light smoke—a Lucky. When the man with the basket yells "cigars, cigarettes/'yell bock for a light smoke .. . yell "Luckies!"
Block that cough...that raw irritation...reach for a light smoke...a Lucky! Whether you’re shouting, and cheering the team, or just talking and singing and laughing at home, there’s a tax on your throat you can hardly ignore. So when choosing your smoke, it pays to think twice. Reach for a light smoke.. .a Lucky.. .and get the welcome throat protection that only Luckies oflfer—the exclusive protection of the process, "It’s Toasted.’’ Next time you go places, take plenty of Luckies. They not only taste good, but keep tasting good all day long... for Luckies are a light smoke — and a light smoke leaves a clear throat—a clean taste.
★ ★ NEWS FLASH! ★ *
IVe only missed sending in my
entry 3 times'^—Sailor
Uncle Sam’s sailors find time to try their skill in Your Lucky Strike “Sweepstakes.” Seaman Spangenberger of the U. S. S. Mississippi, an enthusiastic P'Sweepstakes” fim, writes: "I’ve only r missed sending in my entry three times —I mail them in whenever the ship is in -American waters.”
Have you entered yet? Have you won your delicious Lucky Strikes? Tune in "Your Hit Patade”—Wednesday and Saturday evenings. Listen, judge, and compare the tunes—then try Your Lucky Strike "Sweepstakes.” And if you’re not already smoking Luckies, buy a pack today and try them. Maybe you’ve been missing something.
OS RICH, RIPE-:BODIED /TOBACCO - “IT’S TOASTED'
OopftUM last, Ttie Amerlein Tobacco Company .