rr
■ .Wtii! ."'ll. ■„ ;'>s,£' 3i' vV".'a' VK>', I? > V''i ,s.. ' 1. .■n’^tiA..! < ‘ ■*, . ' i ' j. '■,'. >;:r '■’■^T-y- _'
- ':A0-y v< * ”'
if
4 .
Merry-Go-Round Tells Of Future Pearl Harbor Sedition Trial
Campus Honorary Made Zeta Chapter Of Omega Chi Epsilon
Established 1881
Groundhog Lost?
Volun^e 56, No. 110
Purdue Universiiy, West Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, February 3, 1944
T-^
Skull And Crescent To Hold Cotillion February 25
University To Observe Brotherhood Week Sponsored by the Purdue Religious Council and backed by all the Tippecanoe County churches, national “Brotherhood Week^’ will be observed on the campus from Thursday, February 17th, to Sunday, February 20th. The local conferences and discussions are to he part of nation wide cooperation with the Na-
Handbook Contest, Still Minus Entries, To Close Tomorrow
Committee Decides On Formats; Cashier Office Will Sell Tickets
tional Conference of Christians and Jews which has been set aside for the week of February 20-26 in order “to stimulate thought and discussion upon the necessity, responsibility and rewards of brotherhood in the world of today and in the days to come.”
According to Tom Spitler, who is Meetings at Houses
in charge, no entries have been re-
Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary organization, will sponsor the annual Sophomore Cotillion on Friday, February 26. The dance will be held in both ballrooms of the Union. Dress will be formal for wohien, and optional for men, although formal attire will be preferred. Tickets for the Cotillion, which will last from nine to one, will go on sale at the Cashier’s Office in the Administration Building on February 14. In past years sophomores have been
given first chance at Cotillion tickets, but that practice will not be followed this year. The dance will be open to all students registered in the University, with an admission
price of $2.20. l?ormal Banquet
Miller Warns Typhoid Fever Threatens Here
National Honor Group Admits Chi Eta Epsilon
ceived to date in the contest sponsored by Student Senate for a cover design for the new Freshman Handbook which is now being compiled, although the contest closes at 5 p. m. tomorrow. The main rules of the contest ai’e that the design should be submitted in the size of the cover, 4% by 6 inches; a pencil sketch is suitable, and the design does not have to be
According to Ruth Walker of the University Religious Council there will be I’ound table discussions oh Thursday night' held at all the individual housds on the campus. These sessions are to be led by a representative of the religious council. Some of the alternative topics for dis'cussion will be “The Necessity of Brotherhood Today,” “The Responsibility which Brothei'hood Today Involves,” “The Rewards of
more than the completion of the de-
sign.
The winner, who will receive a $10 prize, will be expected to redraw his design in final form in cooperation with the University editor, R. W. Babcock. The winner will also receive a by-line in the handbook in recognition of his efforts. Sketches for the contest should be submitted to the Student Senate of-
fice in the Union.
in final form, as the idea wHl count Brotherhood in the World of To-
day,” “The Necessity of Brotherhood in the World of Tomorrow,” “The Responsibility of Brothei'hood After the War,” and “The Rewards of Brothei’hood in the America of,
the Futui’e.”
On Friday afternoon ..the repi’esentatives of each house will meet in the faculty lounge of the Union at 4 o’clock to present briefly the results and conclusions of the discussions of the previous evening. This information is to be used by a council member to prepare a formal re-
poi’t.
Speakers at Fowler Hall On the following Sunday evening at 8 the Religious Councill will sponsor a Brotherhood Mass Meeting at Fowler Hall. Three outstanding men—a Catholic, a Jew and a Protestant—will be brought to the campus for this meeting. These speakers will offer their thoughts on brotherhood as viewed through the eyes of their own faith. In addition to the speakers a council member will give a short summary of the results of the Thursda/" night dis-
cussions.
Kappa Beta To Hold Convention In Union Lambda chapter of Kappa Beta, Christian Church organization, is
Navy V-5 Enlistments To Close On Feb. 10; Last Two Tests Monday Enlistment under the present winter Naval Aviation V5 pilot-officer progi’am closes February 10. Lt. J. K. Kettlewell, USNR, will offer two tests on Friday, Saturay and Monday in the Personnel Office, ground floor of the Executive Building. Lt. Kettlewell points out that under the new Selective Service students are no longer to be deferred from the draft because of their college studies. ^Men taking these V6 examinations are under no obligations. The tests merely provide the student a chance to make his own
choice of a service.
On completion of the V6 training the cadet is awarded the Navy Wings of Gold and commissioned an
ensign in the Navy or a lieutenant holding its local convention in the in the Marines. Salary after re- Union Saturday. Mrs. Alice Ford ceiving a commission amounts to Wright, national recorder, now reapproximately $291 monthly. siding on campus, and Miss Fannie Two semester of the Navy V12 Bennett, former chaplain of Kappa training course have recently been Beta, who is now engaged in misadded to the Naval Aviation V5 pi- sionary work in Indianapolis, will lot-officer training program for 17 participate in the program,
and 18 year old. This instruction
Warning students that the typhoid fever epidemic in northwestern Indiana may spread to include Lafayette and the University, Dr. S. J. Miller of the Student Health Service today announced that all students who have not been vaccinated against typhoid within the last two years should report to the Health Service immediately for either shots or the capsule form of immunization. The disease has reached epidemic proportions ;n eleven counties in northwestern Indiana and two more in the southern part of the state. Most of the cases, numbering well over 100, developed within the last two weeks. Several cases have already been reported in Lafayette. Civilians Need Innoculation Dr. Miller’s advice is primarily for civilian students, since all army and navy men have been vaccinated. The treatments have been compulsory for all incoming freshmen since the beginning of the war, but some have ri^n out and are no longer effective. Recommending the oral treatment (one capsule each day for three days) instead of the injections (one each week for three weeks). Dr. Miller explained that the capsules do not have the same bad aft-er-effects as the shots. According to the research department of the Eli Lilly Company, they are just as effective as the injections if they are taken exactly as prescribed. Red Cross May Aid The American Red Cross may have to establish emergency hospital facilities at Peru, whose 34 cases gave it the highest count of any tpwn in the affected areas. For the last week state board of health investigators. Working with local health officers in these towns, have been trying to find the soui’ce of the disease. Water and milk supplies were proved free from the typhoid bacillus. I
John Steele
will precede the regular V6 program and college men need not duplicate courses already taken. PIA Record Dance To Start Earlier PIA will sponsor another record dance Friday night from 8 to 11. The dance will be held in rooms 366 and 363 of the Union and will featui'e the music of Harry James, Glen Miller, Tommy Dorsey, Frank Sinatra, etc. Stags will be admitted, boys for the slight fee of 26 cents, while girls will be admitted free. The usual price of 25 cents per couple for nonmembers will remain, while members and dates are admitted free. The dance is starting earlier than usual in the evening to accommodate the Navy, who must be in by 10 p. m. R. C. Brundage ... of the forestiy staff was elected secretary-treasurer of the Indiana Hardwood Lumbermen’s Asso-
The highlights of the convention include a group discussion to be held at 3 p. m. in the east faculty lounge, a banquet in the old Chestnut room at 5:15 and formal initiation at 8, followed by q semi-formal dance from 9 until 12 in the west faculty lounge. Music for the dance will be furnished by Bill Warrick. Coulter Hall Features Weekly Zoology Exhibit Weekly contests on zoology are conducted by the biology department in the main floor corridor of Stanley Coulter Hall. In addition to this a weekly exhibit of photographs of pla'nts is conducted by the biology department. This is also located in Stanley Coullci Hall. The zoology exhibit is changed each'week and is in the form of a guessing contest. All underfe'raduate students are encouraged to participate, as a prize is given at the end of the semester to the person guessing the most displays cor-
rectly.
The plant displays are changed
. . . former governor of Illinois, will speak on the “Omnibus Bill of Rights for World War II Veterans,” sponsored by the American Legion, Sunday, February 6, at the Lafayette Armory. The University Band^ led by Prof. P. S. Emrick, will give a half-hour concert as a part of the piogram.
Skull and Crescent will hold a formal banquet for members and their dates before the Cotillion. The names of new pledges of the honorary will be announced during the dance. Sophomore Cotillion committee members are: Hugh E. Klein, president; C. 0. Roberts, chairman; Charles Haag and William Johntz. All Engineers To Hold Dinner On February 16 Engineers from the various schools of the campus will gather on February 16 in the Home Economics cafeteria for the annual AllEngineering banquet sponsored by Tau Beta Pi in cooperation with the other engineering honoraries at the University. The dinner is held annually to honor the distinguished students among the freshman class, with members of all the campus engineering honoraries presenting their new pledges or initiates at the meeting.® The subject under discussion at the meeting will be “The Stimulation of Inventiveness o'n the Part of the Young Engineer,” and will be discussed fi’om the employer’s viewpoint by Stanley Green, vice president and chief engineer of the Duncan Electric Manufacturing Company, and from the teacher’s point of view by Prof. E. N. Kemler of the mechanical engineering school. All freshman students distinguished in the semi-term have been invited. Tickets at $1.10 for the banquet are available to freshman engineers at the west desk of the Union, and for faculty members in the various engineering school offices. Acacia . . . national social fraternity, announces the initiation of Richard J. Wheaton, Indianapolis; William Tuscany, Lakewood, 0.; Norman R. Atz, Kendallville, and Ralph E. Grey, Dayton, 0.
With the arrival of charter membership diplomas Tuesday Chi Eta Epsilon, local honorary for chemical engineers, has become Zeta chapter of Omega Chi Epsilon, the national chemical engineering honorary, according to S. C. Hite, president of the formerly loca!l organization. Chi Eta Epsilon, the local group, was formed early in 1942 for the pui'pose of petitioning for a charter in the national organization and was originated by William Walker and Gordon Lovett, both senior chemicals, with the assistance of Dr. C. L. Lovell of the chemical engineering school. The local organization was continued by election of new pledges each year in order to perpetuate the group so that by the time the charter in Omega Chi Epsilon was granted 42 men were eligible for charted membership. Charter Members A certain amount of difficulty was encountered by the originators of Chi Eta Epsilon because of the fact that Walker and Lovett both graduated before new pledges could be named to the organization, so that Dr. Lovell was instrumental in bringing together a group of scholastically qualified students during the fall of 1942 to continue the honorary. These men, together with two subsequent pledge classes, make up the group of charter members. ' Omega Chi Epsilon,,the national honorary, had its inception at the University of Illinois in the spring of 1931, the idea for such an organization originating with F. C. Howai'd of the chemical engineering department. At the suggestion of Howard and with the counsel of other members of the Illinois faculty, four students undertook to develop the honorary. Accordingly they drew up a set of by-laws, designed a key and petitioned the Illinois council of administration for a char-
ter.
Zeta chapter, the University group, is officially recognized from December 1, 1943, forward. University Church . . . will sponsor a Hard Times party tomorrow evening from 7 to 11. The evening’s entertainment will include games, dancing, singing, and refi'eshments. Guests are requested to wear old clothes, unless a uniform prohibits.
School Heads Discuss Plans For Draft Quota
By U. B. Wendell
Heads of the various engineering schools met Tuesday to discuss and plan the allotment of the University draft quota to the individual schools according to information received from
the president’s office.
As a result of the allotment, deferment will be requested for 62 mechanical engineers, 36 electrical engineers, 28 chemi- Ta DirL' cal engineers, 12 civil engi- rivSBlIlivBl 10 i ICIv neers, six metallurgical engi- ^ m ■ neers, five aeronautical engi- Qllgail ranUllilBSS
neers and two public service engi-
neers. According to information "t* •- A'l *7 received the basis for deferment will | QfllQf fOW j"jy
be scholastic standing. No definite
base can be set for any one school, Primary elections for fie&hman however it is estimated that an in- queen will be held at the Gi een Putdex approaching 4.6 will be required ters’ smoker tomoirow night at 7:30 in the majority of schools. This is in the faculty lounge, according to an increase of approximately five- Bill Metzger, Student Senate chairtenths of a point over the previous man of Green Potters. The smoker
line of demarcation. is for freshman men.
Enrollment to Drop Featured on the program will be Comparison ot these figures with niovies of the 1943 Indiana-Purdue registration figures for the begin- football game with Red Mackey, dining of the semester indicate that rector of athletics, providing a i-un-enrollment in each school will be cut ning commentary throughout the to one-third its present size, al- movie. A1 Stewart will direct the
though that is not taking into con- group singing, sideration the number of students jen Candidates
deferred for medical reasons. Easley, Green Potters presiAt tbe beginning of the semester announces that all freshmen there were^893 engineering students ^ candidate in mind should
including freshmen and not including seventh and eighth term seniors. Of that number it has been estimated that 76 would he deferred for
write her name and address on paper ^ and bring it to the smoker. The Green Potters Board and Senate
. . representative will select ten candimedical reasons, leaving approxi- j j, 4,4.1, ■u- 1. -ic-i -n i. J dates for queen from the group.
mately 800 of which 151 will be deferred under the present quota!
Other Students
Students who will not come under the quota as of next semester will in all probability not be called for induction until their present deferment runs out unless the board under which they are registered reclassifies men registered under it.
In that case the student will then ^ passport,
be placed in lA and called for induction when his number comes be-
fore the board for consideration.
At the present time no request for defermeSit is considered unless it receives both the approval of the school and the Roster of Scientific
and Specialized Personnel.
Lieutenant J. F. Keith Dies In Plane Crash
At the Green Potters’ ball the freshman queen and her attendants will be elected from the ten nominees. All freshman girls living on campus are eligible for election. Purpose of the smoker, which will last about two hours, is to organize the freshmen and give them a better chance to meet. Admittance will he
Chipmunk Takes Over Ground Hog Family's Weather Predidion
Play your tricks . . .
Knaves Buy Stamps To Vote For Their ^Queen Of Hearts^
By Pete Georgeson
For three hours your Exponent reporter waited patiently' at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Ground Hog to obtain the latest spring weather First Lieutenant John F. Keith, a mechanical engineering student at
the University from 1936 to 1940, yesterday a movement was was killed January 26 when., the at the opening of Ground plane in which he was flying crashed. Hog Manor. Out stepped the funKeith, who was born February 28, looking ground hog ever seen 1918, entered the army June 1,1941. state of Indiana in fact it He was graduated from Kelley Field ^^sn t a ground hog at all, it was as an air cadet December 13, 1941. ^ chipmunk. • In April, 1942, he left the United With a brief exchange of greetStates and was stationed in India. ^H-s. Chip Munk inquired Before his death, he had flown in whether it was her husband or her fifty-two missions over Burma, Chi- was to be interviewed. If it na, and Africa. A month ago he was was her husband there would be a awarded the Silver Star, third high- long wait because he is a defense est medal, for carrying a block bust- worker by day and a fire warden by
er over Burma. Such a bomb was night, twice the normal load for his plane, Rain
He was also a member of the Assam When Mrs. Chip Munk found out Dragons. that it was the Ground Hog family While at the University, Lieuten- I was seeking, she made the remark ant Keith was an active member of that “they don’t know one thing Acacia frateimity. One semester be- about spring weather in Indiana.” fore his gi'aduation, he enlisted in Mrs. Munk then hauled out her knitthe Air Corps, and left immediately ting needles and proceeded to give
for training.
ci^ion at the annual convention in each week by different faculty meniIndianapolis Fiiday. hers.
By Martha Lee Riggs Student Union inaugurated the “Queen of Hearts” bond sale contest yesterday afternoon with a total sale for the first day amounting to approximately $150, an average of over $75 an hour for the two hours between 3 and 5 during which sales were made and votes cast. ' Two bonds were purchased and the remainder of the proceeds were received for war stamps. The buyers of the day especially suppoi'ted the following candidates: Dottie Hansen 879 Doris Dant 439 Phoebe Knowles 438 Helen Holt 436 Betty Cantley 412 A booth decorated quite elaborately with red and white crepe pa-
per and cut-out hearts has been constructed in the hall in front of the Sweet Shop where the votes are received and bonds and stamps are sold. Behind it is a large graph on which a record of the daily results will be hoard thioughoul the contest, wliich ends Februaiy 11 at 5 p. m. Pictures on Display Also on display in the hall in front of the Sweet Shop is a showcase containing the photographs of each of the 13 contestants. Both these photographs and the booth attracted a large crowd yesterday afternoon, and WBAA interviewers, Betty Wedge, Barb Ciury and Bill Peaison, weie present to conduct a 15minute broadcast on interviews with the people there. Most of the serv-
ice men interviewed were much impressed with the photographs on exhibition, and it was generally decided that they all were so glamorous that it will be extremely hard to select the one most worth fighting for. Bonds will be sold and votes cast at the booth in front of the Sweet Shop from 3 until 5 each afternoon except Sundoy until February 11. The results of the first day’s sales seem to indicate that the campus has at last found a real appeal to inspire the students to get behind this drive. If the sales continue to be as great thioughout the contest, and there is reason to believe they will, we should surely “go over the top” in this campaign of the “battle of Old Purdue.”
V, C Merjedith Club Elects J, Harcourt, Riggs As Leaders Judy Harcourt and Martha Lee
her views on just what days it would lain on in August. According to her we won’t have any rain in August before the first of the mouth and certainly none after the 31st. She admitted that tlie few remaining days in between were leather unpredictable but she ventured a few hints. It won’t 1 am unless theie are clouds in the sky and no daytime
Riggs were elected president and picnics will be washed out if they vice-president of the Virginia C. ace held at night. Meredith Club at balloting held m At this point Mi. Munk came up the lobby of the Home Economics from behind and kicked your rebuilding on Sjlonday and Tuesday. poiter on his face. “Gettm’ nosey, Other officers include Jane Fergii- Bub ?” he inquiied mildly. He then son, secretary; Jean Huston, treas- asked Mrs. Munk what the converurer; and the following representa- sation had been about. “Shpt up,'* tives, Katrina Truax, third semes- she explained. With this highly inter; Pat Connell, fourth semester; tellectual conversation going on, Jane Justice, fifth semester; Lor- your reporter snuck off to his typenine Brooks, sixth semester; Betty writer down in the hole (Exponent Doster, seventh semester; and office), put his chains back on, lets Madge Huft, eighth semester. out a mad shriek and went toWQtk#
7-1'■*r*’ P4ige 2
%.
rrt
>^-3
, JX
Purdue Exponent
W I -f' " iA £f f t ~r4 ^ ^ tv Thursday, February 3,^ 1^44
P^U^due Exponent ^ combified with Purdue Independent
Offices. Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Fditor Bu^nnc^** Mnnaper Editor Mnnainnff Pditor *'IK rts Lditor
Ellis Murph> Mary DIUf William H Tyson Caroijn Wilbur Ku'^sell M Lipcs, Jr
Publicanon Staff Editorial Stiff \<iBoeiatc Editors Tad \boctl Ruth M Ford Madelyn A Cr Inc'S Inm T Rului (n Mirpirot Y btcffes Jame \ 1 nnn 111 i V 1 M ii M ilhi Lee Ritgs K t\ H wob A'j's cl to sports rd tor*; Tim « F \ckcim'in 1 lul Garber Will a 1 (ail r \\ irrci C Wn It ^or'i hiaff M ir-:! H tt r ( il nd Elias Lpo Friodman Tick M rtiTf In\ Jsc\ mm 7 irv Ivoctting Bob Baker
Business Staff Advertising Mamgtr C 1 ( in Vciinait j^d\ortising Manager Betty Maney c 1 t n Manager R G Sauermm
\ gl t F-d or Donhari Da% Ftii or Mmei
W orKtr- ri Ti
Staff Por This Issue City Editor Mann
Issue Editor Georgesoi
Fd or Ackeimnn
I cl 1 1 n Ki Tc Ginett Mai tin ar Glitz Lc Aspoigtr Rippetoc
Stiff Phot g’-anher W C Tolber T he rirdie Ii lependent
Lyle CriB
J f r 1 cr It tl W r t d for V cc Tn Ave Nc^
la = 1 itt r at the post office in Lafay h t f (.ongress of Match 8 1879 f 1 ta t provided for in aectioi 1 )1 tl r 7 i January 20 1922 II 11 in ] bat irday mornings dur c 1 1 1 V (.It on periods Delivered daih ,) f 1 m ter by mail for $1 60 for a li n rr i> b obtained at the Exponent t i) sk of th Ui 1 n ritioial advertising by National Advertis Coll go I ublishers Representatives, 420 ^ork N Y
National Brotherhood ULen the Piesulent of the United States can tahe uric fiom his enoimous tasks and responsibilities to 'wiite an endorsement of national “Biotheihood V/eek”, it should b© cult'' a simple mattci loi us on the campus to 'ct a ide a Ui houis m nhich to sponsoi ac+nel\ the di cufsions and meetings -which aie bcuig ijlani cd b:v the Unneisity Religious Coi icil loi I cbniaij- 17-20 Aow, ■\\hilo the iv ii is actuall-y being fought and -vi hile h itic d i gioning -with eveiy pass11 g li 11 ute is the time to stop and think of the comoai iti e m^iils ot “biotherhood Veisus hate’ /s Piesidcnt Roosei elt has put it ‘The annual obs'^iiance ot ‘Biotherhood ■Week’ IS a tine ot both leminder and dedication ii 1 en nds us of the basic leligious faith fiom nhich denioci icy has giown-—that all men nc chiklmi ot one I athei and biotheis in rhe hi man U n ly It dedicates us to the piactic'^ o‘ undeistardin'>- and lustice thiough A'h ch fieedom and ecpialitA liouiish inhuman B bccis lepetitioii to s^ y that -winning the \vai js onh the bcginiin^ oi the teiiific lob tha Ins c head i^nd that lol) must be done by tho«e V ho icabze chat hate alone will accom ] ish no-'-h ng but amII only fuiiow the ground into A h ch moi c seeds ol AAai may be planted Accoiding to the Pi csident “Oui inescapable choice IS biotheihood oi chaos ” An 1 AAC as indn icluals must woik on that theme now Theie should be no side tiackmg of oiu effoits to appieciate fully and undeinnd oui’^'eRes, oiu. filends and our enemies UiiV thiough the victoiy of intellectual and n oiiond undci standing and toleiance over bi o’^d he tied and blind stupidity AVill we be c e tlip 1 ossibiiity of the “lasting peace”. kh Unveisity Religions Council, by its lot 1 obseiAance of “Brotheihood Week”, is of»e mg us the oppoiutnity to take pait in pro-rio^-ing wholesome human lelations This is A^at AAe aie es'entiallj fighting foi and what AA c must achie-ve 01 any victoiy will be a hollow
ore
Stuafnt<- A\ho w ilk on the glass of Bascom Hill at the Lnnei it\ of Wi-iconsin aic lined by the student coui<
The Li ivci It., oi Calitoinii nicdit il school has e.n oui ced the di'^covciv rt a nciv diug tilled giami cidi! -Ill ith competes a\ ith penicillin in its lecoid of ai iin a 1C cuie'-
il c LiincisitA oi bt ih h u a contiact calling toi a ichabil Lation tiaii mg inot,! iin loi disabled vcteians oj thi v^l
One ^hi]) ccmpinA at I b a\as suipiised iccently to ictcn c iht Ol del tliandon shiji It seems that the hcdtin uni attic Beta house a\ heic they a\ eie quai teied had been i1 ot igtd u d the fiie h id gone out
A. in le jnctc j1 iiiii\ tinl cciuijiment lequiies licm -‘nil 11 il e Ihcu uid Iti ulecl diawnvs Ol L if the lobs if women in Biitish uixiIiaiA stiy u( iJ colhet pidet web*' 1oi use in jnecision sir,ht 1in tl u) le it ] Ol (1 e ill t til u in the 1 i ton oi the Detioit School (i I hiiolc \ \ iiH n h ne been clcetc d to the student ( ouii 1
First Lt. Marvin |. Brouillette l SM( B M idua+c’-o^tl c bnvcisity class oJ 'Ijlj^is ( n iiti\( eoi iTit dut\ ni tin South Baeiiit uid JisMisttoaeu icecutlj iiiviuoted to J iist iieutcnant
mmw ME^RY-GO-ROUii • y DREW^rEARStOM Sedition Trial Involves Kimmel, Short; Dofcffd^Hts Bl^mo Pearl Harbor On FDR WASHINGTON—Defense lawyeis foi Mis Eliza beth Dilling and the thiity two othei piopagandists undei indictment foi “sedition” have a “cute trick” up then sleeves when the case is bioughtto tiial eaily in Apiil They plan to call as witnesshs Admiial Husband E Kimmel and Genei il Waltei C Shoit who were letiied aftei the Peail Haihoi attack One of the ‘eonspiiacy” chaiges against the thiity thiee defendants is that they ciiculated literatuie tiying to fix the blame foi Pcail Haiboi on the Piesident It was eldimecl m publications put out by Mis Billing and otheis undei indictment that the Piesident and his Wai and Navy Secietaiies “invited the attack” by the Japs by failing to piepare oui defenses at Peail
Harboi
The indictments letuined by the Giand July chaiged that the defendants weie not motivated by patiiotic ideals in making such chaiges'—and the lecord of the Gland Juiy piocceding leaves little doubt about this HoAvcver, some people feel that Kimmel and Short weren t entirely to blame for the Pearl Harbor trag•«dy, but Avere made the goats So far, they have been denied a couit martial Therefore, it Avill be an odd quirk of fate if they are given then first chance to talk at d “sedition” tiidl Lawyeis foi Mrs Billing ct al have eveiy intention of calling them lames J Laughlin, IVashinglon attorney engaged b> defendant Smythe author of a publication called ‘ Our Common Cause,” declared in leply to questions You’re darned right I plan to call Kimmel and Short to the stand, although I don’t knoAv that they will be allowed to testifj They may be shut up Hoivever if this happens 111 demand a recess of the trial Under the ( on->titution we have eveiy right to demand to beai the full stoiv of the Pearl Haibor disaster fiom Kimmel and Shoit in open eouit ” Deaf U,S. Ambassador If you can get Bolivian Genei al David Toiio now in Washington to talk you enn undei stand Avhy we A\eie caught by suipiise by the Bolivian ievolution He says AMth i flash of the eie that the coup would no\ei have taken place if the United States had had a beltei Ambassadoi on the scene A.ceoiding to Toiio the U S Embassy in La Paz has a numbei of wide awake offieeis but they have been pi evented by Amb issndoi Pieiie Boal fiom mak in the nceessiiy contacts to keep well infoimed And Boal liimseU is so punctilious and piotocol minded tint he cm t stoop iai enough to get his eai to the
giound
Boal has now been lecilled in what appeals to be a slip at the new Bolivian government Actu illy the ICC ill IS i slap it Bo il himself Big Business Eyes Europe Heu lb the iiioide stoiy oi how big hiu-incss is w itchin the uhance ot the Allied iimies in oidei to lestoie loicnii invcslmcnts and induatinl opeiations o soon as possible rhus tai piOf,ic s has been lathei disappointing IlovcAci the N ition il f oicign 11 ide Council in New Yoik set up i commiitce to p ive the way foi the ictuin ol Gcncial Motois Standaid Oil and kindled comp inies to I mope 1 hey realized ihit then first job was to get a tiee hand fiom the L S Government and if possible, plate themsches lUst one step behind AMG (Allied Military CoAenimcnt) in liberated areas Then they could jump riglit in to lehabilitate lactones and reestablish bank mg connections m the Old World Scvcial months ago I ugent Ihomas head of the 1 oieign Iradc Council, and former vice president of U S Steel, picked oil man Jimmy Moffett friend of the Piesident and toimei head ot 1 ederal Housing, to head the eommittec formed foi this purpose Ihomas lelt that Moffett could opeq doois in Washington and learn the plans ot the State Depailment and Foreign Leonomie Administiation IJie committee consisted of about twenty men who represented piaetieallj eveiy 'Vmenean companj with investments abroad Friction Develops But it wasn t long befoie Thomas and Moffett tan gled As ehanman Moifett thought he was lunning the commit ee But one day taking lunch with a com niittee membci Moliett wva shown a confidential memo nicely picpaied Avitlg i blue binding ‘ W hat s this ^ he isked He was fold it w is i memoiandum which the com niiltec h id a; leed upon But I have nevei seen tins and I have nevci been consulted Am I the chiiimaii oi this committee oi
not ’ ’
Wheicupon Moffet ofteicd his lesignition I he bleach w as healed loi the time being, and mean while Moffett lined How aid Acton loimei public le 1 itions diiecloi foi the Home Loan Bank Administia lion to do publicity foi the Foieign liade committee at a silaiv ol !t>l 000 a month When ihomas heaicl about this he hit the ceiling Acton lesigned Moic inction came when Moffett discovered a sub cominitlce coiifing aioiind Washington visiting nil nor officials oi the 1 oicign Lconomic Administiation Moffett asked them whv they didn’t go to the lop of I 1 \—to I CO Ciowlej riiej icphed that thej didn’t want to talk to Growley because this would tip him off to the plans of private mdustiv So Moffett himself went to sec Crow lev, laid the committee s plans on the table and came to a liiendlj agreement Mtantime I homas complained that Moffett ‘thinks cmotionallv and so Jiininj finallj resigned Kobcit r Loiee vice piesident ol Guaianty Tiust Company was appointed m his place and is now con suiting with Iicisinj officials about the lestoiation olinivatc IJ S buoiness in Eui opt Executive dii cctoi ol the oigani/atioii is I dvv iid I Bchi Ji , son in law oJ inq cut fhoniis OiK mcmhci ol the oiganization suminaiized its urns in these woids We feel wc should be allowed to blip vviitc the ])c ice ticatics in the inteiests ot U S induslij (topyiighl, 1911, by IJniled Fcatuie Syndicate, Inc )
independent Ihklifi^'S
By Lyle Gust Hello, tweips (all witches includ ed) I heaid the other day that anothei ward basketball team is competing foi honois with last week’s “27 Clubbers ” This titne it’s the boys fiom Warnok Manor Seems as though they’ve been displaying all kinds of scoies and meiit some attention Fifty to sixty points a game is nothing to them SCA gills will soon be making stiides in getting better acquaint ed with each othei Plans aie being made to have tiade dinneis in oidei to meet the othei feminine meriibeis of the oiganization Betty lane Ribordy heads a committee of SCA gills planning the events Anothei iing has been added to Shoemaker’s list This time Val Goff IS the victim The othei paity involved IS feay Smith of the Ai my— foimeily fiom Circle Pines. NORTB:WESTERN REPORTS The Northwestern ASSOciatibn of
Independent Students is sponsoring three girls’ hotkey teams to compete in the girls’ league at that school Maybe ’tis a good tljbught for us—with some of the icy stares around the eawpifs ... Norma Knaub, fresTimart WRKt, has been burning the candle at both ends lately . . between tl^e Navy here on the campus and the Army down in Tennessee Independents please note the list of coeds enteied in the Queen of Hearts contest Among them aie Adelaide Lucas of Novadale and Hanky Davis of Shoemaker Sibi Correto, PIA vice prexy, has lately been taking his trouhl«|s to the east desk of ye olde Union— wheie he can find Ruth Ann Bryan. Latest despair is over his 111 ghnte bowled against the Kappas AND DON’T forget PIA lecoid dance tomoiiQW night fiom 8 to 11 Sailors, the time has been moved up just for you
“Really seems a -waste of time washing themclean ”
-they lick 'em so
\
Today’s
Screen Review
News
8 min
3 27 4 40
Fuss and Feathois
9 min ’
3 36 4 48
Dog Sense
9 min
3 44 4 57
Vaudeville Days
20 min
3 53 5 06
Populai Science
10 min o 00
4 13 5 26
Don’t You Believe It
10 min 3 10
4 23 5 36
Fin and Catty
^7 mm 3 20
4 33 5 46
73 min
Out 6 63
New Tobacco Container To Save Cargo Capacity Shipping space equivalent to the full cargo capacity of a hbeity ship will be conserved thiough develop ment of a new container for ship ping tobacco oveiscas, says the Port Clark News By compiessmg loose tobacco and packaging it m containeis half the size foimeily used the Aimy will save 1 400 000 pi^nds of paper 69 000 pounds of c^mphane, 1,000,000 boaid feet ot lumbei and 325,000 c^ubic feet ot stoiage and shipping space This method ife one ot many new techniques which ilibady have saved thousands of tons of ciitical and soaice mateiials and fieed scoies of caigo vessels foi othei seivices
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit the campus National Bearing Metals Corp, St Louis Mo —Date of visit to be announced Interested in ME Also ASTP and NCTP Sign in the Pei sonnel Office by Satin ciaj, Febiu aiy 11 Chance Vought Aircraft Stiat fold Conn—Date of visit Feb 15 Inteiested in ME AeE and CE Sign in the Pei sonnel Office by Monday, Feb 14 KGA Victor Division, Camden N J —Date of visit Feb 17 Interest ed ME EE Physics GliE Business Admin iiid Accounting If mtci ested please sign in the Personnel Office by Tuesday Feb 8 These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, ho-vjpver, they aie interested m students for employment Speriy Products, Int Hoboken, N J —^Interested in EE with elec tionics Sign in Pcisonnel Office by Friday Fcbiuaiy 4 Placement Notes For Women Blown Univcisity Giaduatc School announces a numbei of fel lowships scholaiships and assist antships for giaduatc woik in a numbei ot depaitments Any stu dents inteiested may obtain fuithci infoimation at the Placement Seiv ice foi Women 2965 Applications must be presented not latei than Maich 1 1944 ■
Alabama Poly Tech Sends Stratton Receives R. Draughon, L. Alien Here of Captain
Two officials of Alabama Poly technical Institute, Aiibuin, Ala, aie visiting the University to Study the oiganization system of the Uni veisity with particular lefeience to the administiational and research organization Di Ralph Diaughon, assistant to the piesident and exec utive societaiy gand Dean Lloyd Al len of the institute’s school of sci ence will be on the campus all this week, confer ling with various Uni
veisity officials
Notice All students who nave not been vaccinated against typhoid fever within the last two years arc urged to report to the Student Health Service as soon as possible for immunization treatment S I MILLER, M D
Dean of Women Doiotliy C Stilt ton, on leave fiom the Univeisity to head the SPARS was promoted from the lank of commander to that of captain Her new lank is the
ARC
highest authorized by Congies^ for the woman’s leseive Capt Stratton became diiectp;t of the SPARS with the lank of lieutenant commandei on Noverabej 24, 1943 and was piomoted" to commandei on January 1,1944 She recently visited the campus to speak at a special convo on “Today’s Women lomoirow ” ‘ Newman Club To Hold Sunday Morning Meeting The Newman Club of the Uni veisity will meet this Sunday in the auditor lum of St Maiy’s CTiurch immediately after the 9 30 mass The piogiam will include bieak fast election of officers foi the com mg teim and the taking of a group picture for Debris It IS impoitant that eveiy membei attend the meeting so as to par ticipate in the voting, which is a piivilege and lesponsibility for all those who belong to the oiganiza tion /
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
TODAY THRU SATURDAY FIRST RUN WESTERN
— and — The Wants to See YOIJ!
NEW BALLROOM CLASSES Open for Adults BEGINNER'S Wed., Feb. 9th, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED Thurs., Feb. 10th, 7:30 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S, Wpd , Feb 16th, 6 15 P ADVANCED, Thurs Feb 17th, 6 15 P
SERI . » AO CHAPTErs — plus LATEST PATHE NEWS
urnmu — HELD OVER — TODAY and TOMORROW
2be4ZHHa DUBBIN ^>uiHchot Pai TONE O’BRIEN AKSM TAIVIIROFF EVEUN ANKERS aLAN MOWBRAK FRANK lENKS WAETER (AIIETT EISA )ANSSEN
LUMA
TODAY - FRI. . SAT.
bUkRS TODAY and TOMORROW zmip/mh
ALLEN^S — 6th and Ferry Sts.
Be prepared for yoor y biggest laugh , as Henry Aldrich
Buy Her Valentine at SiVL-fijcd^. Fraternity Je-welers At PuriJue
Identification Bracelets— Crested Fraternity Rings Insigma Pins— Lockets— Charms—
113 Northwestern
n
Vs
*1t, 'U
4 '* , t
4> r
\^hursijuy^ February 3, 1944
Bofhfriiiiker &port8
4. ,r Pagi S
l-^tnberl^s Quintet Faces Buckeyes At Columbus
Riveters Meet Giant Ohio TeM Ih Dduhleheader this WeekSiili
itNtch Phillips' Track Taahi ^Mounters
I, Chicago Here SafunlBy
Meet
■> ikk
The Team
6raphkrs Seek Third Videry ^ Ohio State ShiifMl^ lifterndon
maker indoor track §q(uad ^ill make Piggy Latftbert has one of the out- Coach Eeeck’s Wrestling squad
Adeef tmm m ngsl
The Team
Evanston ■— Northwestern Uni- Built arOund members of last Irwin Steinberg ''V6fgiitsi’'s frack team, composed en- fall's ®(ig teh crosg-country chdm- In Paul Hoffman; high-scoring 'firely of Navy arid Marine trainees, fakefLowtrackforward of the Boilermaker five,
"1 opori its indoor season^ in a tri , jtg fij-st start of the season here Sat- standing freshman players in the will be seeking its third Big Ten angular fneet with Chicago and Pur- urday afternoon at 2:30 o’clock in a Big Ten conference. As ihexperi- ^ual meet victory in four starts as
due at Lafayette Saturday. triangular fneet with Northwestern eheed as he may be in collegiate .. n n-n ^ .. ‘ this year’s Northwestern team is and Chicago. basketball, Hoffman js by no means ^ * nt.- al An., . built around six lettbrmen from 1043 Although the Maroons may pro- hew to the court game, having al- Sathrday to mdet Ohio State. One of the reasons for the six built around SIX lettermen from 1&43 surprises in individual ready played eight years of ball in The Boilermakers, defeated only wins no losses record the Boilermakplus a small number of transfers the battle fot team honors grade and high schools. by Michigan so far this seasdn. Will h®.ve compiled thus far this sea- , from other schools in the V12 pro- jg expected to develop into a two- Paul is a big boy, standing G feet be banking strdngly on the middle conference play is 6 foot igram. Heading the list of Veterans way fight between the Boilermakers and tipping the scales at 180 pounds, weights in the effort to chalk up 190 pound center. Bill L ■ip Harry Franck, quarter miler and and Wildcats. The main strength He comes to the University from tbeir fourth triumph in five starts All-State in ’40, ’41 member of the mile relay team, of the Boilermaker squad is concen- JaspeV, Ind., where he was a stellar ^be season as a Whole. ^ i , a sop omore in the Physical
Franck, who is a halfback on the trated in the distance runs, with basketball player. During his high Probable Wrestlers vf^otball team, competes in the low four members of last fall’s harrier schobl career Hoffman broke three Coach Claude Reeck indicated that
‘ -Eric Ericsson, individ- '
Unbeaten Iowa Five To Oppose Maroons;
weights in the effort to chalk up i^jch, 190 pound center. Bill Lodge. Seek Twelfth Win
'Murdfes outdoors. title team-
, ’ John Cooley, another letterman, ual champion; Robert Mannfed, the ^ill represent the Wildcats in the runner-up; Merton Peterson, sixth> l^Tgh hurdles, high jump and mile and Joe Kennedy, eighth—all aVail-
ji;^lay. Jim Warfield, a place win- able.
nfhr in the outdoor conference high Bill Biele, V12 transfer from IlliJhUrdles last spring, will compete in nois, should aid the Boilermakers ’both the high and low hurdles. The materially in the quarter mile and Wildcats possess a strong contend- half mile events, while Ben Harvey, ',er in the sprints in George Rue, a Boilermaker major letterman, third consistent point winner as a sopho- place winner in the 100 yard dash iiftore last year.'' The list of return- m the Big Ten outdoor champion‘ihg veterans also included Dan Far- ships last spring, is a good bet for go, quarter and half miler, and top honors in the sprint. Harvey Lynne McNutt, shot putter. may also double in the low hurdles, Henry Altepeter, a sophomore, is while Bruce Findlayson and Robert ejcpected to make a good showing Steider have both shown possibili-
ties as timber toppers. With the single exception of the shot put, where Spiiidon Suciu, Boilermaker letterman, and Nelson Klaus, V12 tiansfer from Missouri, have shown possibilities, Boilei’maker point prospects in the field*events
are weak.
ilii the sprints and quarter mile. Altepeter, who played halfback on the football team, was former Missouri high school dash champion. The sophomore ranks have also produced two promising high jumpers m Ralph Ballou of Naperville and Russell Breen of Wilmette. The latter
will also compete in the pole vault after recovering from an elbow in- Iowa City—Dick Ives, Iowa forjury. u ward, will have to stop breaking Northwestern will be ably repre- scoring records pretty soon—'there sented in the shot put. In addition just won’t be any more Hawkeye to tlfe veteran McNutt the Wildcats marks to shatter. Ives, a freshman, possess a trio of newcomers in Ed now holds six marks. Only remainBush, a transfer from Minnesota; mg ones are the season’s record, 246 Don Johnson, who competed at Kan- (Ives now has 202 m 11 games) and sas before being transfei’red to the record for 12 Big Ten games, Northwestern, and John Kroeger of 161 (Ives has 91 in 6). It’s possible
last year’s freshman team. All four
PAUL HOFFMAN Purdue Forward
his probable entries, by weights, would be as follows: 121 pounds, Carl Liang, Chinese student; 128 pounds, Sam Johnson, V-12, or Casey Stengel; 136 pounds, Dan Nettesheim, runner-up for the Big Ten title last season; 146 pounds. Art Aerne, V-12; 165 pounds. Newt Copple, V-5; 165 pounds. Jack Shepard, V-5; 176 pounds. Jack Wiles, V-6; heavyweight, Roger Williams,
V-5.
the merchant marine but was discharged when he received an injury aboard ship. He was operated on for a double hernia and has received a temporary 4F classification from his draft board until April of this
year.
Big Ten basketball seems much rougher to Hoffman, but not any faster than high school ball. Of course, the Boilermaker style of play is veiy pleasing to Paul, since he fits right in with the fast break employed by Piggy Lambert’s team. As shown by his performances with the Riveters so fax Paul can handle himself as well as any in conference play. From the reserve ranks at the start of the season he has won a starting berth on the team that now leads the Big Ten with six wins and no losses. Hoffman counted 32
Education School and a member of the Navy V12, came to the University from Madison, where he had
school scoring records, two in his
that Dave Danner, his running mate, senior year while leading his team pomts in two games with Michigan, built up for himself a reputation as
average close to 44 feet in the shot may snatch the mark for Big Ten to the state semi-finals before bow- leading the Riveters in scoring both one of the best ball players in the
put.
games, for he now leads Ives 93-91.
RfeVlEILLE!! wake up and START THE DAV RIGHT WitH breakfast at THE cafeteria
The meals are inexpensive and delicious. You will enjoy serving yourself from our appetizing assortment.
JhjL ipJUAdjUJL Wbrnhiiat lAnidk. The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
m
Marita as .a t
ing to Bedford. His 898 points over a four-yeai period broke the Jasper record, with over 300 points coming in his senior year, also a new .school record. He scored 26 pomts in the sectionals last year while leading his team to victory over Huntingburg, and established still another
new mark.
times. He now leads the Boiler- state. He made all-state teams in
BILL LODGE Purdue Forward
14 2/11. Iowa’s team now has an aveiage of 53 points per game to opponents’ 35 1/5. The team aver-
, , v • j • age for conference games is 46 1/3
maker scoieis, having three more both ms junior and senior years tallies than Charlie Haag, regular while playing under Ray Eddy, a guard. former Boilermaker. He captained Paul’s biggest thrill at the Uni- and starred for the Madison team versity came when he tallied 18 which took runner-up honors behind points while the Boilermakers were Washington in the state toui’nament trampling Indiana, 62-43. Hoffman of 1941. For his sports activities attended Indiana ijniversity for six he was awarded four letters in base-
There’s only one thing certain about the Riveter's basketball squad as far as the eventual standing in the current conferenee chase is concerned. The colorful 1944 Boilermaker speed itierchants are bound to go down in history as the twenty-fifth successive Lambert-coached hardwood combination that fhi- —= =- ished at .500 or better in Big
Ten championship ’ competi-
tion.
Already assured of at least an even break in the current campaign by a flying start that has netted six straight triumphs; the
IOWA CITY—Chicago, loser of Boilermakers are fully aware of the 44 straight Big Ten basketball anything may happen in games and without a win since Feb. half of a conference sched19, 1940, is the opponent of the un- ule that calls for five out of the rebeaten University of Iowa quintet n^^ining six games to be played on in the field house Saturday evening. road and all but one against eurWinner of 11 straight games, six occupants^ of first division of which were with conference foes, ^srt^s. The Boilermakers’ long reand sharer of the league lead, the naming home Big Ten encounter is Hawkeyes weie warned Monday by scheduled against Northwestern at Coach “Pops” Harrison to forget the Fieldhouse on February 26. any complacency. “Maroons twice Buckeye Five ended long losing streaks at Iowa's Boilei-makers’ present preexpense. They had lost 33 stiaight carious hold on a share of the conbefore beating the Hawks at Iowa ference leadership will be in a City in 1938 and in 1935 their win shaky position this week end as they
snapped a 14-game losing string,”
Coach Harrison said.
Chicago Plays FTghting Game Pointing out that Chicago plays a fighting game and has two good scoreis in Louis Deitelbaum, center; and Fled DeGraw, foiwaid, Hairison will gear the team to play as if they were meeting a quintet with a good record. “Those Chicago boys will take it out on some team sometime—they will have a hot night^— and a confident favoiite will get a big jolt. We oan’t let that happen here Satuiday,” Harrison declared. The heavy scoring of Dick Ives, who hi oke two Iowa records with his 28 points Satuiday against Indiana, has boosted his total to 202 for 11 games, for an 18 4/11 average. In confeience games, Dave Danner has a narrow lead, 93 to Ives’ 91. Danner
launch their road schedule against
Probable Starting Lineap
Purdue Pos. Ohio State
F . Grate F Dagger C .. Risen G Huston G Bowen
Hoffman Kennedy Frazier
Haag Friend
Ohio State at Columbus on Friday and Saturday nights. The Buckeyes, led by Don Grate, are the tallest team in the league, averaging better than 6 feet 4 inches in height, and are still very much in the thick
of the title fight.
The squad will travel to Columbus in two sections for the two-game seiies with State. The four civilian members of'the 11-man traveling
Swimmers To Splash Against Northwestern
Paul did not come directly to La- weeks before enrolling here as a balj and basketball, receiving the j^g victory of
■ - ■ ’ ■ ®P°^tsmanship trophy at his gradu-
fayette from high school. He joined student.
VALENTIiS
Should be mailed NOW to insure a ^ prompt delivery.
BOOK STORE Across from the Union Building „.
ation
Starred for Freshman Team Duiing his freshman year at the University Bill starred for the rhinie squad, which took all the honors in the freshman invitation tourney held here last February. The
, p ,, .. squad, accompanied by Coach Ward has 156 for all games, an average of t t. 4. j n, • t ht -n 1,1 0/11 4.„„™ Lambert and Trainer Lon Mann, will
leave here today, while the departure of the V12 members will be delayed until Friday morning in order to conform to the 48 hour rule.
Four Civilians Leave Early
The quartet of civilians includes Paul Hoffman and Dennis Horn, speed freshman forwards; Charlie Haag, high scoring sophomore guard, and William Kreighbaum, reserve freshman forward. John McPherson, reserve freshman cen-
unable to make the trip
enced swimming squad will make its because of a handicapping cold.
first home appeal ance of the year here Saturday afternoon at 3 o’clock in a return Big Ten dual meet with Northwestern. The Boilermakers, who lost their season opener to the Wildcats, 66-
freshman team, with Lodge playing 28, are hopeful of making a much
forward, blasted a strong pre-game favorite Illinois five from the floor in the semi-finals and then went on to beat Northwestern in the finals to place its claim as the best rhinie
quintet in the Big Ten. Good Rebound Man
This year, playing his first season on the varsity, Bill has shoiVn that he has the stuff that makes for a better than ordinal y ball player. Of particular note has been his fine work under the basket. Many are the times that he has emerged from a scramble beneath the basket, men
Stionger showing in the return engagement. Coach Dick Papenguth is banking on the point gathering possibilities of Claude Bower, diver, who won the only first place for Pur-
Following the first section to Columbus on Friday morning will be the V12 delegation, composed of Paul Friend, Jack Kennedy, Stephen Frazier, Howard Schmidt, John Charcholla, James Walley and Chal-
mers Elliott.
Still minus the services of Bill Lodge, versatile center, due to a scholastic deficiency, Lambeif indicated that he would stick to the same combination that turned in a
due in the dual meet with Michigan brilliant performance against Delast week; Capt. Phil Hansel and Paul in the Chicago Stadium last William Porter in the distance free Satuiday night,
styles; Ted Salmon in the sprints,
and Hugh Woolverton in the back iMi SchccIlltcS
Ward and Fraternity Basketball
Thursday, February 3
stroke.
easy. His calm, easy-going, selfconfident mannerisms provide the
draped over his shoulders but with team with the steadying fleeter the ball in his possession. Also no- needed in a haid fighting outfit such table is his knack of converting a as the Boilerniakeis have. In adrebound into a score, his ease mak- dition his scoring punch adds much ing the feat seem comparatively to the power that is the Riveters.
7:30
8:30 8:45
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
These Are the EDS and COEDS You Reach When You ADVERTISE IN THE EXPONENT
7:20 7:35
8:30
8:45
7:20 7:35 8:30 8:45
Court 1 Beta Sigma Psi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi Tau Sigma vs. Phi Sigma Theta Triangle vs Acacia Sigma Nil vs. Pi Kappa Phi Court 2 Tau Pi Phi vs. Kappa Sigma Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon Phi Delta Theta vs. Alpha Sigma Phi Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Up- / siloq Court 3 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Delta Tau Delta Chi-Alpha vs. Theta Xi Luma vs. Warnock Rockets vs. Circle Pines
'Magazine Digest' Holds Song Contest College students throughout the United States and Canada are eligible to participate m a song-w«riting contest to deteimine “the song of Woild Wat II.” Judges fqr the contest will be Raymond Paige, Frank Sinatia, James Melton, Helen Jepson and Ainold Eidus. The wiimei will leceive $260 in cash, an appeal ance on the “Salute to Youth” ladio piogram, which is co-opeiatuig with Magazine Digest ui spousoiiug the contest, and ail rights and royalties from the soi^ and from movies using the winning song.Xf
y
.'j'Ap.j;; n
rT*:
Army, Navyf Manne Nem
^ y y^v! ^ *4
Thursday^ February 3, 19^4
biavy Transfers Three Officers
Army
Reveals
Development Of New Guns
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Three officers stationed at the naval tiaming station at the University have lecently been transfeiied foi duty elsewhere in the last few weeks They are Lt Johnson, Lt Bergo, and Lt. Jakubs Lt. Olav Johnson, will now be stationed at the College of the Ozarks, Clarksville, Arkansas
Lt. Johnson, one of the original naval staff at the Unnersity, has been stationed here since
July 14,1942.
Johnson’s duties were those of a First Lieutenant aboard ship, oVei seeing all upkeep of equipTnent He was also Shoie Patiol officer His duties will be taken ovei by Lt (jg) E C Galant Bergo Leaves for Fleet Lt Howard I Beigo medical of ficer of the naval tiaining school,
Army Will Recover Issue Equipment Left At Laundries By Gl's
Clothing lost 01 abandoned by sol dieis in laundiies oi diy cleaning establishments will be lecoveied by the Aimy, accoiding to the Armoreador of Camp Polk, Louisiana
was detached for duty with the Pa- Eighth seivice command headquai cific fleet Di Beigo has been med- announced that the Wai De ical officei at the Univeisity since paitment had established a pioce the stait of the training school m duiefoi the lecoveiy of clothing not
claimed fiom laundiies and cleaneis
May, 1942
Bergo will be replaced by Lt (jg) Flank E Johnson, USN a giadu ate of Minnesota Umveisity John son was previously stationed at
Gieat Lakes
Lt Stanley Jakubs dental offi cei, was transfeiied to dutv with the Pacific fleet last week Lt Ja kubs received his degiee fiom Loy ola Univeisity and was pieviously stationed at Gieat Lakes Naval
Training Station
Jakubs will be leplaced by Lt Victor C Fostei of Newaik O who ei reported for duty Januaiy 28 1943, nien and who is now senior dental officei He attended DePauw and leceived his degiee fiom Loyola Univeisity in 1933 Since that time he has been in private piactice, accepting a com mission in Octobei, 1942 He also was pieviously stationed at Gieat
Lakes
by enlisted men within a leasonable length of time — appioximately 90
days
Cleaning establishments haye been lequested to lepoit the unclaimed clothing to the quaiteimaster at the neaiest Aimy installation, wheie the quaiteimastei will claim
it and pay the chaiges due
Most Is Abandoned
Most unclaimed clothing is aban
cloned bv men who aie tiansfeiied suddenly iiom one station to anoth-
Replacements aie issued to the and the Aimy Seivice Foices
lecovei the clothing foi reissue 01 ficeis clothing since it is peisonal and not government^piopeity does not come within the piovisions of
uhe Wai Depaitment oidei
Infoimation in The Sky Watch of Foil Eustis, Viigmia, has levealed that the Aimy’s oidnance department has come up with two new developments fiom which seciecy lecently has been lifted—installation of 75 mm cannon in Aimy Air Foices planes and launching gienades fiom the Gaiand semi auto-
matic iifle
The new 75 mm can be filed fiom a plane speeding at moie than 300 miles an houi, will disable any tank now m use, knock out gun emplacements, and sink lightly aimoied wai ships The idea of an borne can non has been nuituied since the last wai Moie than foui yeais ago, the fiist test to piove that a 75-mm gun could be filed fiom a plane was given at the Aberdeen Pioving Giounds at Abeideen, Md , and since then initial pioblems weie woiked out until the weapon functioned flawlessly
New Launcher Designed
Ray S Millei Foit Benning Ga , post oidnance shop civilian woikei,
By Lichty 1
Keep 'iOi/R IJZAP
rtinaiwS 1^*6 eteS
Ac/c
January Indiana Rainfall Over Two Inches Short
has designed a launchei foi use of “People must be losing interest in the war—ain’t heard any the M 1 In spite of opinion amongy caieless talk aiouiid here in quite a while ”
technicians that gienades could be ^
launched only from the “03 ’ — the Spiingfield—Millei has pioved with the help of Col Chailes H Coates, membei of the Foit Benning Infan tiy B-oaid, that a change of tables of equipment foi combat units elimi nates the need foi “03” iffies foi this puipose in iniantiy units
Sports Shorts
Army To Equip Air Force Crews With New Helmets Against Head Injuries
Army Reveals New
WAA Calendar
Intel class Basketball—Maich 6 Maich 17 Splash Pai ty—-To be announced Ward Paity—To be announced Modern Dance Piogiam—To be announced Fencing, Badminton Shuffleboaid and Ping Pong—Mai 15 to Apiil 15
Brief-Case Sized Submachine Gun
Fust deliveiy last Apiil of a new sub machine gun small enough to be earned in an oidinaiy biief case has been disclosed by the Wai Depaitmcnt In the Foil Riley (Kas ) Guidon the gun is desciibed as a 45 calihei weapon weighing less than
Steel helmets of two types aie now being pioduced to give added pioteclion to combat ciews of the Aimy All Foices against low veloc itA fiagmeiits ot antiaiicraft shells and othei missiles lepoits the Eche Ion Haidin., Field Louisiana Then use IS said to have caused a leduc tion in the numbei of head mjuiies Each helmet was designed to meet a special need The M 3 developed by the Ordnance Depaitment, may be used by many combat ciewmen The sinallei M 4 was developed es
scoiing lace with 109 points but has had the advantage of playing two moie games than his closest op ponent Dan Giate of Ohio State, who neveitheless tiails by only one point The Wolveiines have only foul games left on the schedule two heie this week w ith Indian i and sin
Chicago and Noithwestein Febiu
aiy 12 and 19
Primaries Apiil 3, 4 p m j g pounds and capable of filing 450
Election of Officeis Apiil 7, 9 a Lounds a minute
m to 5 p m ^ Known officially as the M 3 sub
machine gun it is of all metal eon
The following ippeaied in the Michigan Daily Student undei the Lost and Found column “LOST— Two Big Ten Confeience bisketball
games somewheic in Lafayette Ind yeais
peciallyfoi tiniet gunnei s who must ^
Election of Council—^Apiil 10 Wintei Banquet—Apiil 18
Track Schedule For '44 Feb 5—Noithwestein and Chi cago, heie Feb 12—Puidue, Noithwestein, Wisconsin, at Chicago Feb 19—Puidue at Indiana Feb 25—Purdue, Indiana, at Illinois Feb 26—Ohio State, Indiana, heie Mar 11—Big Ten Meet, Chicago Mar 18—Tentative, Puidue Relays Mai 25—Tentative, Chicago Relays
fatiuction and has a collapsible metal stocl When the gun is in a closed position its length is only 22 inches The guns unusual weight distil bution and its compaiatively low latc oi file make it highly accuiate whethei used as a pistol and filed liom the hip oi whethei with stock extended it is filed fiom the shoul del Woil ing paits of the gun aie fully inclosed to piotect them fiom diit watei and mud Gun Has Few Parts Ihe new gun bieaks down into thiee piincipal pieces none of them moic than a toot in length Aftei exhaustive tests the inf anti y le
woik in a veiy limited space Helmet Coated With Cotton The M 3 fits ovei the legulai leathei fliei s helmet and has pio jecting steel flaps to covei the eai
phones the flaps being held in place by a chin stiap
poited that the new M 3 gun was moie accuiate than the standaid submachine gun Its lightei weight and collapsible stock appealed to the paiachute tioops Amphibious tioops found lain salt spiay and even complete immeision in sea vvatei had little effect on its lelia bihty Both the aimoied foice and tank destioyei command commend ed its lugged constiuction and its lesistance to diifand dust
BUY WAR BDIVDS The Best Investment in the Wnrld!
Back the Attack— Buy War Bonds
Fieedom — Freedom of thought and Speech—Freedom'fiom Want and Fear —Freedom of Worship— These are the things on which you bet your money when you buy United States War Bonds.
So make the FOURTH WAR LOAN DRIVE the gieatest to date. Invest amply, for the protection of your money
and the safety of your mode of living.
Thieme & Wahgerin
622-626 Main Street
All Students A Hard Times party will ba held in the recreation rooms of the UniVei-* sity Church frdm 7 to 11 p m Tliday Feb. 4 Come taclly unless a uniform prohibite —MINER
Only 0 32 inch of lainfall fell during Januaiy, oi 2 36 inches less than normal, abcording to Paul Lehman, the University’s weathei obseivei This decreased rainfall has caused the Wabash to leach a low of 1 7 feet duiing Januaiy, though it was up to 2 1 feet today The iivei was frozen ovei fiom Decembei 16 to Januaiy 23, an unusually long peiiod of time for this section of the countiy The maximum tempeiatuie, 66 degiees F, occuiied on Januaiy^6, while the minimum temperatMle, 4 degiees F , occuiied on Januaiy 13
Freshman Engfineers Freshmen complhy mi? one and one half or two tetms in enpineenng by March 1 who have not indicated their choice on school in the rtyfiatrar s oiticc should do so before Saturday Feb 5 —KNAPP
Pill Kappa Fsi AU members please meet in front of house Thursday Feb 3 p m for Debris pictuies Diess accordingly. —FEDERMAN
Findei please letiiin to Coach Bennie Oosteibaan oi notify Michigan Daily You will get your icwaid in heaven ”
Bloomington, Ind—The stingeis ot the Gieat Lakes Bluejackets’
gle contests away fiom home with haidwood offense this yeai aie two
Clu Eta Epsilon Important meeting on Thuisday Feb 8 at 30 p m in loom US of the Chemical I nsmeering Building for the election of new oifieers foi Omega Chi Epsilon and new pledges All be there ‘ —HITE
Christian Science Organization Regular meeting to be held Tuesday Feb 8 at 7 30 p m in the Conference Room ot the Hall ot Music ,. —SCHWANDT
r~
Notices
Classified Ads
Senior M E s and Aero E s For those seniors gracluatinp: befoic Juno 1944 momy will be collected durmt the week of Jan 31 for the 44 class pictures to be hunj? in the M E and Aero Buildings The piicc will be *^1 00 for M L s $1 20 foi Aero s and may be paid to the Pi Pau Su ma leprescntativo in the M E lab oi to Miss LaCavc in the M E office —EVANS
Money to Loan—Oi> diamonds watches, guns luggage typewriters Alberta Loan Office 407 Columbi'i
Typewriters—Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph woik done U P Ebersholf 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2779
Fraternity Presidents Council Ml ting Thnsdav 1 cb I at 10 p m in the Union loom 36o —NEESE
Waiter Openings Three meals a day plus $ 00 per month ft r waiter scivice Inquire at Delta G imma sorority Heilman
Lost—AU ha Chi Omega pin Feb 1 Rl« waid Jo Stoclting 092
Alpha Lambda Delta Meeting Tliur diy Feb 10 in room 263 of the Unit n immediate ly aftci Debris picture is taken at 10 p m —MINLR
Lost — Silver Swiss WitcrpiooC mans Mtch 1 t in Unioi Sunday morning RcMid Stcwirt bi 12
Undergraduate Dames Club There will be a mixed party foi the membei-s and their husbands on Saturd ly Feb 2J at 8 p m at the home of Mi and Mis Richaul Goode mote —MYERS
Lost—Small gtld Bulova ladies watch in. Union 1 nday Rcwiid Phone 8113 Room 22^9
Ann Aibol, Mich-—^Although a second division beith in the final Iowa City—Illustiating the calm Big Ten standings is a ceitainly foi ness of young Iowa basketball play Michigan’s 1944 basketball team, eis befoie an impoitan' game de sophomoie Tommy King of the Wol spite the stiain of piotecting a long veiines appeals suie to finish high winning stieak—seveial legulais among the confeience individual ambled into the field house at 6 30 bcoiing leadeis p rn befoie the second Illinois King is now out in fiont in the game and sat down on the sideline
SDX A Vciy bPLCial moetiiif, will be hold Sunday icb 6 at 11 4) i m in the Chest nut Room Dinner will precede discussion mtetint, F iculty aclivcs and pl(df,ts aic iniitei —MURPHY
Catholic fetiidciils flue will be a New min Club breakfast Sundaj Feb 6 in St Miiy All lit iium immediately aftci the 30 misb Oilicois, will be elected Debris picti res Mill b t ikei ANDERSON
Lutheran Students Association A devo tion il meeting, will le I eld Sunday Feb b at 30 1 n in th Ei t Fae dty Li uiir —HOLLIDAY
bench befoie they went to the diess ing loom ‘ We just want to get good seats foi the game” one le maiked as he watched the ciowd ai 1 ivmg
Alpha Pill Omega Pkdgi meeting Fiiday Peb 4 at ( 10 1 m in i om 212 of the Union Buildim,
Gold Diggeis Ticket Salesmen Pirn in t cl et a Id I I V 1 y 1 1 m S U i I > I eb 11 tie AWS lliee PATTERSON
AWS I \eculive Board VI et ng Ihii d i> Fel 3 in th AWb tliee t 1 i m - RLLD
ioimei Indiana Univeisity basket ball playeis Heiman Schaefei and Paul (Cinly) Aimstiong Both membeis of Blanch McCiacken’s 1940 NCAA champion squad these two Foit Wayne hoys have been playing the spoit togethei foi 15
Itcslimnn Fn^nieers ihde will I no m tlin,„ of L cine iir^ Leetiiies batuihy leb Ky\ri
PUBLIC ADDRESS SYSTEMS All Occasions Reasonable Rates PARTIES—DANCES—MEETINGS Excellent Record Collection
mmm sound service IS7 S Pierce St Phone 75634
Ilanchot lone makes ardent love to Deanna Dm bin m hei latest Universal picture His Butler’s Sister ” Stalls tomorrow at Lafajette Theatre
/
V\ Wat au. gbotiaS®®’ , anels Aie b ? qqo »evr it wore the “•“■““TV'' ftlieBeUSyBteta V tcBourcc ot .oinseotA' A in ^gscivio^ go Vt aBcad-
War calls Keep Long Distance lines busy ... That’s why youi call may he delayed.
J