£ 9 ' I
LAFAYETTE, INpiANA/THURSDAY, AFjtlL 9, 1936
mJMBER m
. ’ rPpce- ^ yeaythe Exponent goes pff on ^ tapgeht, messee up copy more than usual, anH edits what it tails a ‘‘Razz Edition”. Today's the day for razz, but tomorrow the grind sterts again.
Stewart Crashes Through
Make OUR < For Ghildren
Safe
R. B. Speedking’" Stewart, overseer of campus driving regulations, hap his progress cut Oif the other night by the local cops when he sought to turn the local streets into speedways.
Protect Our Children, Eta.
He was on his return flight from Indianapolis when he received a ticket to appear at the local hoosegow and was eventually fined a total of $12-tax included—-for nof observing the local traffic regulations.
The Massacre
Last year this time< according to the Chicago Tribune, H was 12:30.
A fact that was not. brought put at the time, however, was that on the same night of Blarch 25, severe damages were wrought by n car driven by an unidentified occupant when the aforementioned car careened into a tunnel ventilator by the Chemistry Building. Since that time, a staff of workers has been busy making the necessary repairs
■ Jbhn Noble McCprinell, a junior in the Sigma Chi prep school, yesterday was eleeted president qf the Purdue Independent Association at the annual ^qng elections in tfie lobby of the Union. Dorothy C. Stratton, a student in tpe school of morals, named herself as co-ed executive, while Ed. Elliott, Jr., of the PE sfihqpl, bagged the office of vice-president-The most highly contested race of the entire election—that of faculty advisor—was PUSHED on to Ken Reiner, a modest, unassuming young man who no one ever heard of. Investigation last night revealed that Reiner is connected with the University janitorial staff,' He is in charge of keeping the basement of Building No. 2 spick and span.
. ELECTION RPCpRP For President — McConnell 23, Browning 19, Gofild 1814 (eighteen people and Gould voted for this man), Louie’s Hungry Five 12 (themselves and the Prom committee)^ Hockema 2, Beggs 1, Wirth 0. For Faculty Adviser—Reiner 2,016, Sennstrom 2,016, Hersh 2,014, Bowmar 2,013, Browning 1, .
>o
Jahe Brqwpipgj Beta stud and the uhsuccessfur candidate in the popular voting, was named VICE-, chairman in charge of activities, A bit of clever manuvering landed Tom Gould, ex-Triangle, in the political bosses’ shoes. Mary Louise Lustig was chosen social chairman. McConnell cpuld not be reached for comment last night, but it was learned that his election made him sp happy that he was tooting all over the place. Dorthy Stratton, happy over the election, made the following statement; “I’m glad I ipade it. They couldn’t keep' me out.” It was felt that the other officers were too unimportant to attempt to contact for statements. Officials stated last night that yesterday’s election was the most interesting and closely contested on record.
Suiciders-
Two Huegarlans Killed Themselves ' After Hearisig TMs. FI PM’s Please Mead Carefully
And thei’e were the little pigs that left home because their daddy was such a boar.
FLESH—Upon going to press the editor drops in and says that Dean Stratton is mentioned too often in this paper. We’d have changed some O’Shea but we can’t spell their names. The Issue Editor.
Gloomy Sunday Sunday is gloomy, my hours are slumberless. Dearest, the shadows I live with are loveless: Little white flowers will never awaken you. Not where the black coach of sof" row has taken you. i Angels have no thought of ever returning you. Wold they be angry if I thought of joining you? Gloomy Sunday. Gloomy is Sunday, with shadows I spent it all. My heart and I have decided to end it all. ^oon there’ll be candles and prayers that are sad, 1 know. Let them not weep, let them know that I’m glad to go. fieath i| nq %e^n, % ip ■^ith the last breath of my soul I'll be blessing you. gloomy Sunday.
Grim mTo Sing Jn Band Bistile; W$G4 f ^ pend Rules; Two Co-eds Already Dated; Men . Without ^ouie’s Hun^y Five, feature4 musicians in the Windy City for the past decade, may be engaged to play for the Junior Prom, which might be held May 1 in the Union. In case protests are heard from the students on the selection, the Sweet SljQp yictrpla wili also be called into action for a battle of bands. In that case, Ruth
Looie’s Hxmgry Five pictured above are rehearsing a red hot composite swing number for the Prom. The chink-eyed Worshipper in the upper right cprner is Wangihg “Wahoo” while the pin-head On the left is chimipg in witff the “Indiana Love Call”. The two kneeling bandsmen are humming “I Love a Pray-rdde” as “Looie” squeezes his ribs to help tone resonance. This unusual band uses no instruments except an occasional bazoqka or Jew’s harp. " Reading from left to right from top to bottom the illustrious bandsmen are“Jo Jo”, Archibald, Lopie, Abner, and Cal S. Nee’s. Reading diagonally from bottom to top they are Philbert, Gibralter, Red Wing, Aloysius, and Elmer.
“Big RobMe” Made-Crooner—-So What?
Famous SpitooE Bonger Becomes Linguist . VunCe upon a time dere vas a leetle poy from de name of Robinski Carusoe, und he vas a herring kipperer. Dis Robinski Carusoe decided to take heemself a treep ofer de vater to de land of Ssenippah. So-o-o-o-o- he buyed heemself a boat unt stotted mitout. De wind and de waves tossed de boat sompin’ feerce arid it vas hardly notime atall afore he vas stranded on a desert iSsland. He vas werry, werry hongi-y. Dere Vas sand to the right of heem,'send to de left of heem, sand in front of heem, unt sand behirid heem—so he ate the sand-which-is dere. Robinski Carusoe bnilded heemself a house mit all the latest dissappointments. It had two kinds of vater—running, and not yet., and he had a parrott that could talk four languages—Epglish, high granimer, slang and you guess de otter vun. Continued on page 7
FloreFs Pony Chorus
Flaw Baits Claim
Harvey Cline, Class of God only knows when, was announced as the only pledge taken by Tau Beta Pi in their annual spring pledging ceremonies held under the Brown Street Bridge tomorrow. In an-
nouncing this newest member of
the stellar organization, officials in charge said such unswerving loyalty and long-time attendance were deserwing of the honor.
Heuser (Peterson)
Grimin yvill sing the vocals for bpth aggregations. In case the Prom is Not held May 1, it will be held later in the month or else postponed until next year, when there would iffien he two Proms. In the latter case. Lefty Martin and his import will be permitted to lead one of the regular mixers in. Puller’s Union some Saturday night next month, according to word given out yesterday. Two Co-eds Dated W. S. G. A. last night also an.nounced the suspension of rules in case the Prom is held May 1, In order to compete with imports, the co-eds have believed it necq^ggry to stay out late. Latest reports said that already two co-eds have been dated, and this was ascribed to rule changes. SAE Drake, in charge of booths, arinounced last night that they would be decorated to resemble stable stalls this year, in order to conform to the character of fhe school as reported in a recent issue of the Chicago 'Tribune. Dance Troubles Difficulties over the date of the Prom were laid to several causes. One feport was that, due to the delay Allen’s underwept in starting their beginners’ dance class; the committee would not be ready by the 17th. Another rumor was that Senator Wirth, committee member was without a date, since he had split with the P. I. A. and was not afforded the use of the date bureau. Reliable sources stated that, the houi’s would be from ■ 11 p. m. to eleven o’clock in the evening. This will enable late diners to attend the affair. Tickets are still available if you are a personal friend of Chairman Martin and have dated that Grimm womaii. This excludes all but about a hundred
guys.
Sophomores and Freshmen will be admitted only if they can sneak in. Tuxes will not be worn, and ment without pants will not he admitted, according to McCandless, another committeeman.
tIRDOE PGISONAXITIEC r JEM HANLEY vJ
NOT EVEN ONE’S FRIENDS ARE spared TODAY — SO ALL YOU GUYS BASKING IN FALSE SAFETY— BEWARE!!!!
AND this FOR YOU MY
' “FRIEND”
Mary had'k little Sp neat, so Rght, so airy; i It didn’t show the dirt go nanch— Rpt ph how it showed Mary !! —Wrong Number.
LET’S DON’T CARY THIS TOO ..FAR .
Cary has a little swing It is’nt hard to find. And everywhere that Cary goes. Her swing is just behind.
Ah just has moah fun aswinging it fellahs.
DON’T LET LOVE STOP YOU And we thought all the time that ChiO Copeland was going in for a Nursery career. It seeips she has acquired a Sigma Chi tombstone to halt her career—or to advance it.
By The Keyholer
If you shppld happen to stroll; causually into the Theta House al-; most any time of day you would be sure to see Jean Hanley reclining on a silken couch, eating from a huge box of bon-bons, and blowing lorig, wiry, cqrly, wispy, spirals of thin, gassairie?’, blue-grey tobacco smoek into the air from an olff, ancient, favorite, cigar.
Jean Hanley was born—or so R said—^in the little cross-road| town of Indianapolis in 1923 and her two parents, Poppa and Mothr miIHlI' I K|p—i[||R0 ualiy known what they really ex? fact still remain^ that they were surprized), and no| s III
A few years latpf thw same famRy were also sprprj^ When Louise, Jpap?s slstqr, This lime the old mm threw up his ^nds in disgust and igaya up try
ing to get a boy. This did not detey him, however, and a few years later his fears weye realized- A BOY —A ROY—A BOY (Pass the ci-
gqrsLiplea§q) -
When interviewed yesterday, Jeanie-Pie was loathe to comment her success as a model Rurdue Co-ed, she merely replied, ‘They dqp’t epme to fast for me.” §nd she added whimsipally, ‘‘You see, I can
t|'ie itR
After investigating further! wg
the Tcasop Iqr all thi| lorlitpde was the hrpn|
of liquor that she drinks—V^t 6^ —^“the best in town,” says Jeaii,
SHthisiastifi^Mx-
H had eyffic been SUCKER FOR A MAN.”
4
Roy Dietrich—The girls are always pestering me for free passes. Katherine Hazard—-Are you in the theatrical business. Roy—Gosh, no, I’m a gigolo.
EXPONENT STAFF Through the generosity of the Student Union Executive, Donald Bags, the entire Exponent staff will receive complimentary tickets for his dance to be held at Alleri’s Saturday night from 9 o’clock on. Dean Stratton has granted 6 o’clock hours for co-eds in competition with present Prom rules. All co-eds must be in promptly at a. Dji., whjeh is the beginning o| apqther jay. The comp list will inclujq 0 staff freshmen, qo-eds, and Rreqiffent E. C. EliibtL Anyqpq sfiihihf ft fice |odg;ir. . --.FOULER
This is dedicated to you poor fish who bought Prom bids. L^ty ‘‘Ringmaster” May tin has the bull by the hqyns as he leads the Gfaind March (or is it April qy May—^it has been changed so much it’s to tell).^ We think it only fgiy that aR yqi people out there shbiR4 th® truth. That piqtq^fi Was ^hep Whfa» “Lefty” was tRe 4-R[ ma*yql olMlf country. Ue wen thp 4-M chftmpiQPship m to the Brame 1‘auper qf March 28^).
'. A|J®-TP«4T -A1W .4*4f^ ■ If vmhm toft ftpi?. toft early, toftthm im I am to hft. lit si Wmt tltea same issue of Brairie Ftonneev m the- hBlktoaa’s ttor; Edith Gregory, (Continued on page 4)
f
I!
Pj® 1
il
p
1
( /a \
J •1
Mi '
1
- 'i
■ ’ ;i
i I IThe JPurdue Exponent
®1)C ^urbue (Exponent Senate Is
VMiaieiin toss
<w Aeoond bIbbb matter at the po»t office, Lafaye^, Indianan Delire^ py . . .. by Carrier, $2.60 per year! Bold by single copy, 2 eenta.
■aaS, $S.S0 par year; delivered by Carrier,
CO-IDIOTS
BnsineiiB Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Stadent Publication of Purdue Uniyersity
Is Hard
.6391 ,9 lirpA ,yadsruliT
So Say Members of the Student Body ,'
It Was Tiiraed In. . .But— ' Oh, but I love to wander in the greening woods in the spring, midst the budding flowers. And, oh, how I enjoy my communion with nature while the first birds are thrilling my soul with their music. I love life, and life is never so good as in the springtime. And the gorgeous moon, the moon that took ten yeara to get over the mountain and which is now stuck over Miami, I can never let my eyes drink their full of the glorious beauties of that yellow crescent high in the sky which every night sends down its mellow beams to brighten my path as I stroll in the country-side, and I feel one with the little birds and
beasties.
It does one good to walk thus, close to everything that is pure and sweet, everything that is just as old Mother Nature intended it—simple, and yet possessing the queenly beauty and majesty that only live, growing things can possess. Oh,
indeed, I love life.
Wise Quacks Oi Famous Ducks. • • “I’ve lived, boys. I’ve LIVED.”-—^Pee Wee (Bernoulli’s
Equation) Howland. -G. D. D. Browning.
-Prexy Elliott.
S.
‘What I need is a good st..
‘My Dear Boy,
dr.-.))-
D E F I N E"^culture.”-
“I’ve drunk enough beer to float any battleship the U. ever owned.”—B. B. Miller. (Ed. Note—In this case the heading should be “... of Famous Ducts.”) “. . . just to see where we’re A T.”—^Don’t-be-late-to-class Nelson. ' ■ “Grampfffffff, No, we haven’t any registration figures.”— Hang-up-quick-on-the-telephone Stone.
“MY Union will Long horn Fuller.
“Two per cent off your report for not including title.’ Sourpuss Freel. / “You’ll hafta get off the arms of the chairs, boys.”—Sweep-up-the-butts Jackson. “Now when I was at Notre Dame..Nobe (they-fiooded-therfield) Kizer. , “My ideas on the AAA are the same as I had three years ago,”—Fixem-the-farmer Youngs . : , “Two per cent off your report for not including title.”—
Sourpuss Allen.
“The eye is body.”—Lilly Gilbreath
(Ed. Note—That’s what you think).
READERS' OPINION . T*e Exponent welcomes comments oi good tsste and reasonable l^gth from its readers. Typewritten articles are preferred.
Members of the Student senate, supposedly a student governing body, will soon be wearing little felt Hats around the campus. These hats, gi’een in color and shaped like inverted beer mugs, will serve to identify the Senators When they tell tradition violators to keep off the grass or stop smoking. Frank Stone, acting under instructions from Hockema, R. B. Stewart, and Elliott, advised members of the group that they could go soak their heads. Since the Uni versity. Gawd bless it, is going to do just as it pleases anyway, this will be a good idea.
Opinion
Student opinion last night was not very favorable to the Senate. What with Stone and Elliott in it, it is just a reflection of what Prexy or Reckless-driver R. B. thinks. Said one good man and true: “t think the Senate is just a chance for guys like Stoney to get in good with girls like Ookel’s
daughter Helen.
Glenny said: “I think the senate is Phooey. I wouldn’t be in it even for a date with Peterson, who is, after all, only the secretary, of the thing . . . but she never comes
Harve Says—•
Harvey Cline, veteran student, declared: “In all my years in college I have never seen anything as Completely . . . “etc.” Two other unidentified men also, said “phooey” when Stdne was mentioned. Acting under orders from R. B. Steart, University uncontrollable. Stone will bring up the matter of hours for men at the next meeting tomorrow night. An M. S. G. A will be formed to see that all the boys are in by 10 o’clock on week nights, and at 12:30 on Saturdays with no dates permissible on Sundays. This is another step in the Stewart-Elliott program for getting students under control, ...Ed. Note: This plan provides for control of students only. Faculty men such as Stewart are to be permitted in the future, as in the re cent past, to knock down the con Crete seats. Witness the action in the rear of the chemistry bldg.
Qrgahization of a soccer team will shortly get under way, sa^a coach N. Kizer, who will pefsoiiialiy supeiwise all games to keep the co-eds safe. Soccer, boys.
.'.—as—
Locker room note—Little Audrey locked the bathroom door and laughed and laughed cause ahe knew her father was having a beer party that night. < ■ ■ —ss—■ Gapt. Moore asked yesterday, “Why didn’t Noah swat both the flies when he had a chance ?”
—-SS— ■
Excerpt frOm one of the fresh hygiene lectures: If a couple of adults under forty have a biological yen for each other they are just a couple of kids, madly in love; there’s no such word as platonic in the physiological dictionary. ..... —ss— ' ■ ■ . ■ Alumni in Chi raised so much hell over the last grid season that pay checks for the athletes were delayed two weeks in March. That was what that big howl in the gym
was about.
—ss—
One basketball star, a senior mechanical, was asked who Talleyrand was. Replying to his history instructor he complained, “Cut out the baby talk.” ^ —ss— : - Tom McGannon, grid flash, grew Up in the hills of southern Indiana. While he was still young a missionary came up the hill to his pop’s cabin one day and put a collar and tie on him. Thinking he was tied, he stood in the same place four four hours.
1 111 I 1 1 1 11
li
1 in
111 I
I'll , i. I
1111 11
1912 “Push Me To Class” Prexy Wails Delivers Oration Maki n g Wheel-Barrows Mode- Of Travel ^; . “Wheelbarrows will be used ex^ clusively by the student body wheh travelling! on the campus”, thus blew off Prexy Eddi Ellyit in an Ultimatum delivered from The airport very, very late last night. Ilevreting to the primeval riiode of transportation has been done to protect our day dreaming Boilermakers whose gallant heai’ts turn lightly to lave as Spring breezes waft the odor from the Ag^ampus. Idyllic havens of education are the aim of the Faculty, affording protection for even the feeble-minded. Rest, quiet, and artistry are to become the by-words of the students. Feeling an old filial love for that patron of the Engineers (don’t we all) drove Ellyit to choose the good ould Oirish vehicle. My Gawd!
! I! I 111 r L I Compliments of the Student Senate
■ —SS—: Husband, out of Town by Jim iny, is expected to win the annual Purdue Stakes tomorrow evening in the Blue Blazer. He is a 1 to 3 favorite. Other entries we like a;re Playboy (out of Money by Bye) and Crapshooter (out of Luck by Loaded Dice), ■. . ■ —ss—■ ■ Doc Sears: “Will you men stop exchanging notes in the back of the room?” • Pat Malaska: “Them ain’t notes, them’s cards. We’re playing bridge”. Sears: “Oh, I beg your pardon.”
Mr. Gregory: “I think I’ll go downstairs and send Winnie’s young man home”. The Mrs.: “Now, now, remember the way we used to court.” Mr.: “I hadn’t thought of that. I know damned well'I’d better go down and send Mm home.” NOTICE Advertisers Please Note — This is the first time that tMs paper has been red from cover to cover.
. DE,AC .: ■ HAS EVEEYTHING . for a COLLEGE EDUCATION Ho Go EBIBNEE
PATEONIZE ESPONBHT ADVEETISERS
ARC I Today - Friday - Saturday EDMUND LOWE in "KING SOLOMON-, : . OF BROADWAY”
HOOT GIBSON in ' “WILD HORSE” . ‘CUSTER’S LAST STAND”
Campus Big Shoots To the Editor; / .. There are some people on this campus who really thinlc they are hig shots, and what I mean, they really think so. Just ask them. And so to all such “big shots”, I have just a few words I Beggs to let them read. Fufler bull as they may be, I hope that there smiles are not so Grimm that they won’t enjoy this. r, . . i What I wanted to say was, that it_ Pierce to me that they oughto Lynch those Scholers who think they are as good as Gould. B utz everyone is entitled to his Stone opinion, and this is mine. Since, like the Robbins what come in the spring, they shoot off there mouths all the time, so to obtain the Maxon benefits from this train, I propose that they be called campoos big shoots. ,.,11 The Clark in the store said to me that, just like bread Browning in the oven, those Glenny Scotch who come Ohaver here are really dumb and deserve the name big shoots. --One Who Is Sick And Tired Of All This Egoism.
Unclassified Ad This is to certify that I have, not put out my pin on Winnie Gregory and am not responsible for beer bills run up by her. I am no prize but Dad is considering getting me a car. I f interested, insert ad here. Emmett Phelps.
LYLE E. FISHER ■Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Nei-w Post Office
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATURDAY
Dorothea Justin blabbering at one of the junior editors: “Just one more, question, sir. Who’s going to bury the last man ’’
Nuts To You, Kevv To the Editor: ^ ^ ^ ■ You have no doubt heard of my work, as for many years I have traveled through the States preaching, the curse of drink. Some of my sermons have been as follows: “Liquor and How It Destroys”, “The Enemy of MankindBooze”, “Why the Nation Will Never Progress While Liquor Is Obtainable”, “The Real Devil—Whiskey”, “Cocaine, Wine, Whiskey—The Three Brothers”, and my most recent sermons —“Repeal and the End of the World” has received some very fine notices from the newspapers all over the country. In all my travels during the past three years, I have had with me a living example of the ravages of drink in the person of one Elmer Watson. At all the sermons I gave, Elmer sat next to me so that the audience could see for themselves what drink really does to the individual, and, after allowing the people to look Elmer over, I was almost certain of ten or fifteen converts that evening. Poor Elmer passed away to the great beyond a few weeks ago, the result of being tob perfect an example of what I am preaching again, and now that I am without his services, I find that my sermons are not attracting the attention which they have in the past. Our mutual friends, Mr. John N. McConnell and Mr. Walter R. Abbott, have recommended you as a leading candidate for Elmer’s place, and I would be only too glad to interview you on your next visit to my neighborhood, regarding the fine opportunity that awaits you—that of serving all mankincl. The salary would be small at first, but you will be supplied, free of course, as was dear Elmer, the vile fluid you crave, and thus you, too, will continue on as a “fitting example”. RIGHTEOUSLY YOURS, KEELEY TEMPERANCEUNION, JJKtEMB By (Signed) J. J. Keeley.
■ LAWN MOWERS Sharpened and repaired. New and used mowers. Prices on new. Ball Bearing: Mowers $5.25 and up. Mowers called for and delivered. F, Jos. Mulhaupt & 'Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
Ballroom Dancing . Classes Open Beginners Wed., April 15, 7:30 p. m. Adtranced Friday, April 17, 7:30 p. m. Terms.—10 lessons, $6.00 Classes will be completed before . Purdue closes.
ALLEN’S
6 th & Ferry
The novel that held five million' readers enthralled..!. HAROLD BELL WRIGILf'S\ wgi® ' cmiiiG o¥nm RICHARD ARIEH l-CharlolteWynters
^lORfiS •**
TODAY - FRIDAY - SATUimAY 'Ojj
— Extra — “Adventures of FRANK MERRIWELL”
Cdmedy - News
— Extra I — ‘THE BLACK NETWORK” Musical Comedy
VITAPHONE TROUPERS Musical Act
KEEP Y#UK .]L#VE H#T
O
o
o
with
KOOTY^S BETTER COAL
PIi®iie 411213i+'-wi’
'E3CR^dNfe-KT
</
' k' n J.
WwSim ' /, 5£'5i| ^ ‘ V' " (4
Big Ten Moguls Make “Bomen” Forfeit Game .. Inve^^^SHion ^eveals ^4ker Ineligible, ^^e BrO^" ' Com*"5 Bac^- Indiana By Archibald Ward Bloomington, Ind., April 9—(PA)—Purdue’s powerful Boilermaker football squad early today was declared winner of the traditional Indiana-Purdue game played last November 23 on a forfeit by Indiana University. In the most drastic and sweeping decision on its records, the solons of the Western Conference ruled that Purdue had won the game because Windy Walker, Hoosier foolback, was ineligible for competition in the game. Investigation revealed the fact that Walker was not an amateur because he played two games of professional ping-pong with the Atlanta Oilers in Sanddusky (Ind.) in 1926.
Eminent Necker Speaks bean sm^ER Dr. Homer M. Holdemtite, eminent necker from General Electric laboratories in Podunk Center, drooled before 3% members of the Wesley. Foundation at their semiannual bean supper last April 3rd to be held in the New addition of the Library as soon as bids are accepted for its construction, on the topic of the day, “Don’t Walk On The Grassssssss-s-s-s-s-s-s-s, YOU SNAKES.”
SPITS
IN
SPOTS
“Bo’s” eleven originally won the game, 7-0. By virtue of the Big Ten Council’s decision, however, the game will be credited as a Purdue victory, 11-0, on the records. saSuBijj The Old Broken Bucket, symbolical of victory in the traditional girdiron clash, was started on its weary homeward trek to Lafayette early today, reliable sources reported. The move also raised Purdue from fifth to third place in the conference rating and dropped the Crimson eleven to the cellar. ' Brine Breaks The result of the session was announced to a battery of press men assembled in front of “The Squad” (remember?), where the meeting was held, by W. Low Brine, Indiana University president, who earned to the door with tear-stained eyes to tell a waiting world of the outcoming in a choking voice.
How can tne PIA elections be crooked when everybody votes a straight ticket?
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
Co-eds Go lit For Strenuous Sports OrkaySSis will hold its Annual Display of form and feeling as typified in the new jazz music tonight in the Women’s Gym at 8:30. (Life begins at 8:40.) The public is invited. The Line will form at the left. The Humpty Dumptys defeated Mary’s Little Lambs in an exciting game of tiddly winks by the score of 60 to 3. The outstanding players of the competition were Button, Button, Who’s Got the Button, and Smith. Miss Hazelton is looking for a new instructor to teach her freshman co-eds dodge-ball. A ducky individual is preferred since ducking is the first requisite of dodging. Classes will be held on nice moonlight nights at the airport. Note: This course is only offered in the spring and is especially recom' mended as a good group game.
ns FLASH! BULL THMS DRAKE
Madrid, Spain, July 32 (this day was created to give the WPA workers more leisure time) 1954—(Spe(cial to the Purdue Exponent)— John Drake, former all-Gary high school football start, tonight killed the largest bull that was ever thrown in the history of Spanish bull-fighting, before a cheering throng of 16 fans. Drake took the first fall in 16 minutes, 16 seconds. After the beast had taken a slight edge by capturing the second round the American rallied to the finish with a great half-Nelson on the last lap. The conquering hero was cheered loudly by the gigantic throng. However, he modestly turned and faced his admirers -with the statement, “If you think throwing this monster an achievement, you should have seen some of the bull I used to throw in the Purdue Library.”
All I have to do is smile and the hair on Red Roll’s chest begins to curl. (We were bribed to print the above by Susie Sexson).
Thar’s stone in them thar hillsfamous Prom quotation.
TSK! A certain farmer from Muncy wouldn’t let his daughter enter Purdue when he found out that all co-eds were forced to matriculate before entering the school, and both boys and girls used the same curriculum.
By Berb Belchstrom Here it comes! The lowdown! Absolutely and fully guaranteed to be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but a lot of dirt. Nobody is intentionally spared. Are you ready? Let’s go! Harry, “Slugger”, Krause hit a homer in one game in the Mississippi series. The local newspapers circulation jumped almost 100% that evening . . . Chuck Arman, tall dark and handsome third baseman, (quote Tech Talk) has made a hit with the Louisiana Tech beauty. Prances Nolan—and what a hit! Boy, he went all the way home . . . Ted Fehring had four (yes four) dates in the same day down south; and with four different women . . . The source of that choice bit must be kept a secret. Anyway, that’s going some . . . Why is Fred bloodcount Willis, laboratory technician, bateriologist, statistician, general mechanic, and umpire D. U. B. being called Tex since the southern trip? Another thing, some of the boys have been asking Doc Miller to examine his eyes before he umpires another game. / sh-h-h-h-h When our baseball team started home last week, many of the girls lined up to shake hands and our handsome brutes goodbye ... many sobs also shook the air . . . Down-
Phenomena ReportedPiggymen Victorious Yeah! The Piggy men won yesterday, 60-1. No foolin’, but in spite of the errors and the weather, our “tough” nine (well they used to be tough didn’t they?) beat someone yesterday We Don’t know the score (neither did the players) on account of because it was too cold to stay, and the game wasn't any
good
anyway. However, we
stayed long enough to see the veteran Robert Lucas kick the pill around in his usual manner. They call him a veteran
’cause he is the only guy on the
team that kicked the thing around last year that has the nerve to be back. The only thing wrong with the game was the pitcher, a guy
named Rosser. This bird did his
best to win, darn if he didn’t! (he must be new; guess he doesn’t
know the policy of the team). Taking advantage of the free gate a large crowd of 41 enthus-
tic visiting fans attended the affair. Included were the following: Coach Pig W. Lambert, the Purdue team, the Carleton squad and Prom date
messerupper John Drake with his
play class.
//
SURE I I GO TO DA
SWEETSHOP," says Hiram Schultz man about campus
Dot's where I get do goodo refresh. And dere's no 'iects do doy ofter. When me girl loves me, dere's where I cease her. When she go ogin me. dot's where I drinks me troubles owoy wit cokes ond do like. But when me girl done turn me down, dot's where I find o new one. Surel 1 go to Sweet Shop. THE SWEET SHOP PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
ey’s girl. Fruitcake, even sobbed the night before. What a town! What a Team! What Women! Who was the good-looking girl with Poilsman Reynolds at midnite Monday . . . there they were, at sixth and Main, him all decked out in his nice new sweater too . . . Since the basketball season closed, most of thte boys may be seen hanging around Kienly’s Drug Store . . . Why? —more dirt—
It has been brought to our attention that Ed. SkoronsM has been setting new speed records around the campus . . . local police have been after him but none can catch him . . . they all object to traveling over a hundred on their bikes . . . several queries have come in asking if he intends to enter the 600 mile classic at Indianapolis. All students barred from the campus are behind him . . . Burners have it that Slugger Krause had had several big league offers . . . Doc Lovell of the Chem school took some of his boys on an inspection trip . . . while they were in the hotel one nite a Black Jack game started and Lovell lost all but his shirt . . .' Since when is Forrest Burmeister Mary’s little lamb? Mary is a nurse over at the St. Michael hospital, and Burmy, well, he stayed over during spring vacation ’till somebody made him go home ... If you want any chewing gum, see Johnny Drake at the S.
A. E. house. Quiet, Please
Doc Miller got a valentine from Mary Louise .. . tish tish doc, what will your wife say to that? Is it another romance or somthin’ . . . Doc’s secretary, Maxine Flowers is now Mrs. Alt if you please ... The occasion was March 29 . . . Rmners (Continued on page 4)
Fm so thrilled with these slippers from LOEB^S that I just canH bear to take them off. AND THAT is the way you will feel about every pair of shoes that you get at Loeb’s Shoe Department. Here you will always find the latest and smartest in style, the greatest in comfort, and the most outstanding in value.
LOEB & HENE CO.
.r S ■irSlsI vC(Oontinued from page .3) have it that Lefty Martin struck dut s€fverial iaculty iheinbers . . when they Wanted bids for the prom . . . Some of the f eilows from the xxxjt house were coming down Main street %hen a cop overhauled them . . . jcxx thought fast nnd produced a full milk bottle . . . the story told was that Brother xxx had suddenly been poisoned and they needed the milk there in a hurry . . . the cop let them go. This could go on and on . . . but we have to go to press sometime so thank your lucky stars that you weren’t (If you weren’t) mentioned this time. Your correspondent has now taken a flyer out of the city and won’t be back. Hurray !
(Continued from page 1) helping mother on her day off) is to be the “Queen of the May”.
.'iFbrlt during Spring vacation and
the sisters tell us that the lovebirds are married. -She says no, but the truth always comes out sooner or later. VICE 'IMMOR^IilTY -jYND 'MORE ;yic:e"'- ,' At the rate the dean of women is letting the jgirls go now. tt wont be long until they will be hky ;h^hlike mo:
D. U. LIKE THE PROM COMMITTEE—NO! Delta Upsilon’s pride, Paul Shields, has an import for Gould’s Prom (which is the first of May) (maybe) and another import for their house dance (which is the second of May) (positively) both arriving Friday, May 1st. One hails from Akron, Ohio, the other from St. Louis. Outside of shooting the committee and a few faculty members, what does one do in a case like that? NO EMOTIONAL CON'TROL Tulips to Pifi McCartney, who lost her two lips on the second date with that tall dark and handsome Fisi, with the tan roadster from Ohio. He was bragging when he told us, but that’s not such an accomplishment, especially with “Me”.
Learn How
'Tom "Gould
dfnd mal<e Iheffl
'Understudy'Brayton YOU can learn how to sell a 98c boeik for $4.00 and make everyone think he is {getting a bargain. . . .. YOU can work in OUR activity for one year ^and fbuy a mew car ... Let US learn YOU the art of student politics from OtJR experience. . . .MJoin the DEBRIS staff now. Call or write-to R. BRAYTON or T. GOULD, CHIEF ROBBERS.
And wtheri that day comes watch the enrollment soar! WHO WAS ON.CALL? / I don’t know who needs this the most—Uncle Bob Egry of the Ma-
chine Design Egrys or his eight o’clock students. Somebody is always late. It might be a good idea
to have the thing every 10 minutes.
in class—^reset
ONWARD CHRISTIAN ' SOILDERS ■ : Love sure is a funny thing—i Frankie Ford has that D. U. heathen, Harry Hughes, going to church. He hadn’t been in one for so long he applauded when,' the reverend finished his discourse. . PAGEWPA Remember last semester when
the windows in the M. E. Building were so dirty you couldn't see thru them ? They are so dirty now you can’t distinguish them from the wall. HEADLINE: .KLINE -GOES .INTO TENTH YEAR .. According to .Dr. Hall, of the education department: Those who go to college and never get out are called Professors. Introducing Dr. Harvey Kline D. D., Ph. D., M. D., C. O. D., P. D.
Brink Milk l®r Kii©r^.
Cai JOHNSON Phone : 41332
Milk is your: best food-— . it’s packed full of .nutritive elements that your, body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in. food. value, it’s . body-building and energy building. DAIRY
TO HELL WITH HELL-WEEK Theta Moore,Supposedly under the restraints of “Courtesy Week”, couldn’t wait—She and Johnny McConnell were out on a lonely road yesterday ^ternoon throwing that awful mush at each other again. MORE TRUTH THAN POETRY Give me a drink of wine or gin, Or even a glass of beer. It’s not as soft as a woman’s lips, But a damn sight more sincere. KISS ME, MY FOOL
FALL
SPRING
WIOTBR
The S. P. E. house reports that freshman Medd didn’t stop at putting his pledge pin out during vacation, he married the girl. They sure do start out young anymore. I wonder if the Dean will insist on a chaperone when she visits him ? SOUNDS LIKE WEDDING BELLS TO ME Ev Kallenberger, Alphizee prexy, visited S. P. E. Michael in New
Yessir.- 'Every.day.in the year'--winter,.'summer,'sprliig or fall—Deac’s Storeis open, waiting to serve.the Purdue.Students. No matter .what you need, you can get it at Deac’s for here you can find EVERYTHING FOR A COLLEGE EDUCATION.
Q., etc. SHE SHOULD KNOW Ruth Grimm says that a kiss is ah anatomical juxaposition of two orbicular muscles in a state of contraction. ■ 30 A Necking We Shall "Gm IhBmdlTdBad! : WSith ;grass-staihed tennis shoes, mussed hair, smeared lipstick, and torn .gym suits, the W. A. A. membets returned from their 12 hour (what a liight) hike to the scenic spot of West Lafayette, the wellknown “Happy Hollow”. When questioned by the W. S. G. A. JJudieial Board, they admitted that they had seen some “Gimlets”, consequently they Were 6 minutes late to their 8 o’clocks. The Board has ruled that these girls will not be allowed to speak to boys for the next 6 weeks. Betty Boqp, a member of the group, when personally interviewed stated that the refreshments were pretty-"good. The chaperones were delayed by a special faculty meeting called by Prexy to discuss whether the students are upholding the traditions Of the University. Today’s episode leayes no doubt on that score.
and Fish said: “Good idea. Wish we could have saheduled that ,itt pur curriculum when we were in school back in ’83.”
Hazeltoii Offers Ceiirse Ip Necking Helen Hazelton,- co-ed wrestling coach, announced last night, following the meeting of the immorals committee on prom ruling, that beginning this afternoon she will offer a two weeks course in the latest and most pleasing holds for necking. The veteran grabber added that since the gals must be in an hour or more earlier from the prom this year they will have to concentrate two hours of the famous parlor sport into one—hence the course to develop the tactics, and the fine points of the game. When asked of their reactions to the latest course. Deans Scarecrow
New Policy Announced By Military Department Junior military FRIEND Mike Buckley, better known to his ihuj'O following as Captain Bligh,Mk!»nhounced that the present jg^ading system used i?y the Guniii^ 'Department is far too lehient. In order to remedy this serious defect, Mike says, “Why, because! There are too few Buckleys: in the department.” (thank heaven, say the juniors.).:,:: Mike reported to the Kernel that under the new system the iBrqpery boys and the other three high-crank-ing sucks, Kanny, Virgin, and Weight will be the only ones to pass the semester course this year. With the deepest I’egret, Mike’s throng of friends regret his departure from the kollech at the close of the year. However, they will all be overjoyed to hear that Mike will be with them at camp this summer. Hot spit, says Kanny, Vir^^ and. Dead Weight.
We wish more'people would play “Gloomy Sunday” on the Shop victrola and listen to its advice.
SKErill HilEif
THieHl AmoNor
Smokes Swwl Stay®-Sweet iOTilMIllEWRM!ll . Ak@ Imperial f A Bak $l.§@
iS.‘lrac
f j
SUMMER
Here is a Smart Shirt f or the Man About Campus—
TAILORED BY WILSON BROTHERS
For the man who feels—“Hurrah!! Tm alive!!” Distinctive stripes for distinctive men. Bold stripes for the man of 60 who feels 30. Quieter ones for the men of 20 who feel they must be conservative, These shirts will add new life to any man’s wardrobe. In several new collar atyles at
$4..95
featured by thePurdue
:
Exponent Witt Sponsor Contest ^; 7b Secure Funds :;For '^^-lVeMy ” . Uescription^ Blamk y I... Hereby don^e ^d beqwe^h sum which, wtcn written out, teads—.-dollars aiid.^— cents, for the Exponent Community Fund. It is understood that this money, when and if collected, will be used to purchase the following tilings which evidently, in the opinion of quite a few students, have become campus necessities.
Beneficiaries
1. A book on sex and bigger and
better knives for Doc. ]\4iller. 2. Pocket guards and a. new glass case for woodshop fi^ueblood. 3. A detective badge for Hydraulics Lab Bear Greves. 4. A one, way ticket to China for Bartlet and Egry, 6. A funny paper for Ralph Stone. 6. Toupee for Fisher. 7. A falseface for- Eaglebeak Sheppard. 8. A rubber cigar for Doc Remsners. , •. 9. A pair of black shoes for J. L. Bray., ■ ■■ 10. A new green tie for Daddy Cole. 11. A phonograph record of “Laugh, CloWn, Laugh" for Thomas Kenilworth Noss. 12. A new raiiicoat for Bill Miller (and a razor). 13. A new pipe for Doc McKee. 14. A comet for A. P. Stewart (so that he can blow his own horn). 16. A chair with a spike for -^Mathematics Marshall. 16. A comb for Dr. Young.
17. An exhaust manifold to muf-
fle Dr. Carr’s snorts.
18. A book of Mother Goose Rimes for K. V, Bryan (so he can get his mind off Mother Nature). 19. Oxford glasses with a ribbon
for Uncle Billy Smith.
20. Sonieone to convince PeeWee Lewis that a pound of feathers weighs as much a,s a pound of lead
-Do you get any of George’s em-
Jean Hanleyenjoyment out
braces?
Deedee—Sure, I get more enjoyment out of them than I do in
them.
WBAA
In an effort to sponsor a most unusual contest, the Exponent is offering a $100 reward for the identification of this man who is the only ed on the campus that was elated over the change in the Prom date. Return your selection to the Exponent along with two wrappers from Olde Hille Side Tobacco. The decision of the judges shall be indefinite.
' 'Today;■■ 11:00—-Tapping Time, with Betty Ann ' ..'Florer,', ■; Il:l5--1.6uie’s Hungry Five, Music. 11:3()--Review of WSGA Prom Rules, . with Dean Stratton, ll :46^Louie’s' Hungry. Five, Music. 1'2 ;00^Re:.view of Fishing Prospects For Year, with Ed. Lynch. . 12:l&—;Louie’B Hungry Five,; Music. 12'.SO—^Address, "What The Student Senate Does”, with Frank Stone. 12:46—;Louie’a hungry Five,: Music. 1:00—“No SnioKing”, Address by - Frank, .Stone., 1:16—Louie’s Hungry Fivei Music. 1:30-^“Keep Off The Grass”, with Frank Stone. 1:46—Louie’s Hungry Five, Music. 2:0O—“Don’t Drive On The Campus”, • by Pres. Elliott with Frank Stone. 2:16—Louie’s Hungry Five,' Music. 2:30—Political ’Trio, wilh Beggs, Brayton, and Gould. 2 :45—Louie’s Hungry Five, Music. . 3 :00—Beauty Hints, with Lillian Peterson.. ■ 3 :16—Louie’s Hungry Five, Music. 3:30—Special Television Broadcast, with Rosebud O’Toole. 3:46--L6uie’a Hungry Five, Music, : 4:00—Sign Off. Turn to a good station.
And there’s the story of the soldiers who were marching by the farm house r and when the sheep came out and counted them, they all fell asleep. Whereupon the rest of the students in the library who were trying to study said haw haw haw haw haw haw haw haw haw.
NEVER
Ad: Is your girl friend as aesthetic as hell? -Give her Peenantiint.;:;- '■' ,^ . V , / Larry LaBree’s Wife interrupted him the other night just after he had bumped into a ipprtrait of one of her ancestors. Not liking his talkj ghe said : “Such laiiguage. He was neither stupid nor illegitiimate"’. ■ - ' ' Little Willie caught some ants; Put them in Pa’s underpants. Mother said, “Its only fair, • Now I’ll get the easy chair.” •HJohnny Drake doesn’t know where he got that cute blonde last week. He says he just opened his billfold and there she was.
ISS
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
Frankie Fordis Ray Noble?”
-“Who in the h-
What We Labor For
-f
FERfUME IS THE GMACIOtFS aiFT FOB. BiiSTER .
mr ■memm mu PERFUMES TELL |lER Sw 11 remember your Easter gift for moutlis and months . . . il it’s one of these heavenly creations hy Lucien Lelong. If she had them all-—she’d still want morel "Indiscret,’’ Lucien Lelong’s Eau dc Cologne or "Whisper” newest, most exciting fragrance. Perfumed Cologne — so very ^5, $7.50, $10. popular. $1, $1.50, $2.50. .'Gardenia”—vivid, life-like, a "Concentration44”—several degreat favorite. $5.50, $9, $16.50. sired fragrances. $2.50,$3.50, $5. DECKER’S 518-20 Main St.' Phone. 6477
4- ,-f > > > ^ Af BASEBALL PRACTICE
. TODAY
-f .-f 'f- A- .-f 4- -f
Diamond
1— Ward 4 vs. Ward 8. 2— Ward 4 vs. Ward 8. 3— Ward 11 vs. Ward 2. 4— Ward 5 vs. Ward 9. 6—-Ward 10 vs. Ward 16. 6— Ward 14 vs. Ward 17. 7— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Delta
Upsilon.
S^Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma
Chi. .
9—Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 10— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 11— Theta Chi vs. Theta Tau. 12— -—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi
Kappa.
Young enough to be theoretical; enough to be practical. . RICHARD J. BATH. WATCHMAKER 608 Main St.
old
PAuLA. RISK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. BISK LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701 Corner 4th and Main
. ri
No loolln*. boys. There's lio place like the FOWLER ior your Prom Date to stay.
4- A- > -k -k 4 > 4 ■ GOLD AND BLACK 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 , THURSDAY, APRIL 9 . Phi Kappa Tau ys. Sigma Alpha Epsilon or Kappa Delta Rho. Dr. Enders lecturing on turtle to frosh biologists: Please pay strict atention. To form a true idea of this ugly creature, you must ^ I keep your eyes fixed on me. ,V . . ti
■Dorner’s Flower Shop ' Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
% say Edgeworth Junior gives you more smoke for your money?. ..Howl’s
^ ** Smoke if ®li the way down. Then you^ll get the economy angle.”
SUDDItN: SERVICE
sRINTING
Qffice Stationery . o' Wedding Invitations PHONE ” Sales Books, Etc....^ 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408EERRy"' Mifi '.I mifimflumufiiniiiBBi
Send us Your Easter Dry Cleaning How!
SUITS -TOPCOATS Cleaned and Pressed
75c
: ■ HATS, Cleaned and Blocked 50c
CtiSiiiJEJ kiiiiiiaY FINE C L £ A N £ H S OF F I N E C L O T H E S
£1, ''^Say! . o . I get it! . . .So mild you can smoke it ALL THE WAY DOWN TO THE HEEL!”
TI yrARE your tobacco money buy all the smoke if 1 yon pay for. Smoke EDGEWORTH JUNIOR, the new, mildf free-burning pipe[^and cigarette tobacco. Larus & Bro. Co., Richmond, Virginia. Trobaccomsts since 1877. ^ CORN COB PIPE CLUB OF VIRGINIA . . . Cro«aroad!s fcuif musio* Wedne^ay evenings at 9:00 (E.S-T.) over NBC Bine Network, direct from Richmond, VaU (Pacific Coast atationa-^KFI, KPO, KOMO, KGW, KHQ.) ^^CELLOPHANE” WRAFPCD
A TIN
iH*Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 60B Mi^n St. I^opf |77».;
Lost-—plfliplc grip at W§l)a§h depot Sujid&y afternoon. Inilmls W. T. McC^'Call W. T. Mcllaughton, 5686, feeward.
NOTICES No notices accepted after If P.
Union “Workers”—Male members of our committees report to the Union Club tonight at 12:30, ; —Grimm, Anspach, and Kuehn. (^unds like a comedy team, doesn’t it.)
Black Key—The Dean won’t let us organize he said. Whoinhell phoned in that notice anyway? Somebody said it was Beggs. Don’t meet tonight at 11:1B in back of the stadium. A full attendance isn’t expected. —^Mr. Mary Jean Light
Union—All workers who are interested in modeling for the Revue du Nuts as a special Prom feature, see ME. —Puller thanever.
Students—Musicians wanted. —rOrval Wray.
, 11,, 1 * . Sociil Griefs
|t S? app" ’ “ -
m
P. I. A.—Someone is requested to work for the organization! , -^-P. 1. A.
’* fHiRL TWO - OVER you CAST OFP 'M TMRM voy RURL —AhiO"”-'
1. Herr Hinrichs brushed the c^alk <|u^t his coat. 2. D^ddy Cprr failed |;9 giyp somebody a shower bath.^ 3. Beetle Montgomery forgot to s^Y “What do you think.”' 4. Y. G. ?‘Detmy” F”'"''’*’"'" ed, in terms of people. 6. HardTtacJf Gooley i^|pi|ed iu , '- .class., 6. Hardison SW erid-{ ed a speech when he was supposed to* 7. Eoenig (English brow-|^eat-er") failed mep, 1 do not wish to po dogmatic”, or “i^o ,pro|anity gentiemen”. 8. Sitting Bull Brewer got excited about somethipg! 9. S^itchel - mouth Heyerdah}; talked aboye a moiiofene and didn’t put everybody to sleep. 10. Qakie Hall got tough with
I on
Physical piling Ch^jnli^ys forgot to say> “Now watch Ipe closely boys and see if t’hi telling the truth.” 13. Inorganic Middleton forgot to burp. 14. Charley Air-dry Behrens ever got a point across. 15. Freddy Miin-about-town W iis nogeieejtod the darling coeds.
# r I
Bill Miller
R: P* Jeweler an^ Optometrist 504 Main Street
CP.
SHE WAS ONLY A DAUGHTER (To end all “She was only a daughters”) She was only a professor’s daughter, but she learned her lesson.—Ed. Note—Not Jane Lomrael); She was only a fireman’s daughter, but she sure did go to blazes. ; She was only a tailor’s daughter, but she pressed well. She was only a photographer’s daughter, but she Was well developed. She. was only an iceman’s daughter, but she delivered the goods. She was only an electrician’s /daughter, but she went hay-wire. She was only a plumber’s daughter, but she had good connections. She was only a blacksmith’s daughter, but she knew how to forge ahead.
, ; SENIOISI We. make application pictnros for $1.26 per dozen. Special price' on lots hf fifty or more. Remforandt Studio ip5 Vine 8t. W. Lafayette
Photo Courtesy of Travelers Insurance Company. Clicking a merry pair of needles, dauntless “Dee-Dee” Weber and jaundiced “Jo Jo” Perkins rip oyer the concrete aggregate iji “Sucker’ Shoemaker’s streamlined super speedster as per the above press wire photo direct to the Exponent. When last seen “Dee-Dee” was “webbing” a mean pair of bootees for the coming little pne while “Jo Jo” murmured “Doo ley-ave the car alone and pay attention to your stitches.”
She was only a milkman’s daughter, but she , was the cream of the crop. She was only a convict’s daughter,- but she knew all. the bars. She was only a parson’s daughter, but she had her following. She was only an acrobat’s daughter, but she never turned over. ; She was only a boxer’s daughter, but she knew when to faint. Carnegie Tech Puppet.
DR. A. M. lEION Dentist : Kron Flats State and Mato Phone 4965
Cease Isbell
PLUMBING ■ AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff . Company Phone 3882
ADVERTISERS PATRONIZE EXPONENT
I '
Such a poster ^ this doesn't always annpunce a good ^how, but the name SOCIETY BELAhTD-^. ways guarantees authentic styles in men’s clothing.
Ray M. S®utiiw@rA: C®.
OF RICH, RfPE-BOPli'D TOBACCO / ■ -"IT’S TOASTED" - ^
The most- important single attribute of cigarettes, other than, the tobacco itself, Is moisture content. To its influence we owe the ability to make uniform cigarettes, to control combustion, and to govern quality of smoke. Excessive moisture interferes