This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
( Purdue Exponent
THDRSDAY September 22, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana
VoLSO
No. 8
First Pep Session Of Year Is Scheduled . A For Tomorrow Evening; Form In Village
Social Fraternities Pledge 372 Men
Tomorrow evening, preceding Saturday’s opening game, will be the first pep session of the year. As is the tradition, the group will leave the village promptly at 7 o’clock and proceed to Stuart Field. P. S. “Spots” Emrick and his military band will lead the group of rooters to the session. Gimlet, Reamers, Gold Peppers and Skull and Crescent are the
sponsors.
The program will consist of music by the military band, yells led by the yell leaders, and speeches by Coach Mai Elward, Line Coach G. Mackey, and Co-Captains Mihal and Humphreys. The entire first team will be introduced. ASME Will Hold Its Opening Meeting In
Ballroom
Tonight
American Society of Mechanical Engineers will hold its opening meeting tonight in the Union ballroom at 7:30. A short meeting will be in order with cider and doughnuts served to those attending the meeting. All mechanical engineers and freshmen enrolled in the engineering school are invited by ASME to the opening meeting. Student officers will be introduced, headed by President C. E. Clutters. Dean A. A. Potter, head of the engineering schools, will be the feature speaker of the evening. Freshmen and sophomores will meet many members of the ME faculty who will also be introduced briefly. A discussion of the aims and projects of the ASME by W. J. Cope, honorary chairman, will close the meeting. Murphy To Be Speaker At Annual Triad Breakfast The annual Triad breakfast will be held in the faculty lounge Wednesday, September 28, at 6:30. Charles Murphy, of the history, economics, and government department will be the speaker. Only the board and council members of the WSGA, WAA, and YWCA will attend. Tickets will be sold at 60 cents.
Late News Bulletin
PARIS—Threats of a cabinet crisis over the French-British proposals that forced Czechoslovakia to surrender the Sudentenland to Adolf Hitler arose tonight against the government of French Premier Edouard Daladier.
WARSAW—Poland tonight made a formal demand upon Czechoslovakia for ‘surrender’ of the Teschen Silesia area along the Czech-Polish border and warned that 1,600,000 troops are being held in readiness to back up the demand.
Yearbook Seeks Photographers To Build Up Staff When the college Season gets under way, so must the work of the Debris staff. Therefore call is being issued for sophomore staff photographers. The first meeting of the staff will |)e held in room E of the Union this afternoon at 4 p. m. Any students answering the call need not worry about working one or two semesters to no avail, for the Debris is a chain organization with its members advancing each year. There will be a junior in charge of the dark room, with sophomores working under him during the first semester, and during the last semester both sophomores and freshmen will work with him. The freshman staff will be organized later in the year as the deadlines approach and the work increases. The first few weeks will be devoted to acquainting the workers with Debris routine and instruction in “news photography.” Therefore willing workers as well as good photographers are wanted. Mitchell Will Talk On Animal Nutrition Dr. H. H. Mitchell, international consultant on animal nutrition, will be the first speaker of the year on the American Chemical Society’s Purdue Section program tonight at 7:30. The program will be held in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. A dinner . in honor of Dr. Mitchell, which will be held in the Union Building, will precede the talk. At this meeting the services of the Purdue Section will be described and national and local memberships explained. /
Sunday Morning Breakfast Ride Is Planned By Club Purdue Riding Club will hold its first group riding party Sunday morning from 7 to 9:30 a. m. The occasion, a breakfast ride, is the first in a series of four or more group rides planned for this first semester. Plans for the ride, introduction of new members, and selection of contestants for the Indiana state contest will take most of the time of the first meeting of the club tonight at the Memorial Union Building. All those interested in riding should attend this first meeting in the Student Union office at 7:30. The breakfast ride will start from the Purdue riding stables, just west of the airport, and extend along the graVel and cinder roads west of the University to Rudy’s where breakfast will be served. The cost of the entire ride excluding breakfast is 75 cents. Du6s for a semester are 50 cents. Residents Of WRH^ Cary Halls Picnic About 500 WRH co-eds and residents of the two new Cary Halls picnicked on the lawn of the Residence Hall last evening for a 5 o’clock dinner. Following the meal, the group played games and danced in the recreation rooms of both halls, where a public address system was installed. Twenty upperclass co-eds, under the leadership of Miss Roberta Connolley, head resident, and the social chairman of the two Cary Halls, arranged and planned the picnic.
Keep That Trophy iQjif MeiTlberS Of ■aA-youn,vr^ EE stall Receive
Committee Berths
Sen, Mechanicals
By Jim McKee “Of course that trophy must not leave the Mechanical Building,” remarked G. A. Young. “And I’d like very much to see a gentlemanly parade this year. The parade used to be a wonderful sight. People came for miles to witness it. Lately there has been a gi'eat deal of foolish clowning, such as war paint, false mustaches, and the like. I’d like to see a real parade and see the Mechanicals keep that trophy,” he
added.
And so the donor of the senior parade trophy states his views on Saturday’s parade. Saturday morning each senior will get out his yellow cords; hunt up his battered derby; borrow a cane; and head for the Ross-Ade stadium. They’ll all be there, for the school with the highest percentage of students in attendance will get the Young Trophy for the coming year. For the last two years the cup has resided in the Mechanical Engineering Building. Almost as traditional as the parade itself is fraternity tradition of shaving mustaches of male seniors. Freshmen, sophomores, or juniors, as the tradition may be, will soon be gunning for fuzzy lips. They’ll spend the night looking for yellow cords. And when they’re found, the buttons will be removed; the legs sewed; or the pockets cut out. All to add to the gayety of “Senior Sat-
urday.”
Bastille Elects ~\ At the first meeting of the year, Bastille, an independent rooming house, elected J. H. Kline, ChE ’39, president; V. Farrow, PSE ’39, vicepresident; and G. Paetz, ME ’40, secretary-treasurer.
Four members of the electrical engineering staff have received appointments to committees of the American Institute of Electrical Engineering for 1938-39. Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the EE school, was appointed to the committee on institute policy, committee on engineering education, and institute representative in Americans, Engineering Council. Prof. D. D. Ewing was made a member of the electric welding committee and committee on power transmission and distribution. Prof. D. T. Canfield will act on the committee on legislation that is affecting the engineering profession; and Prof. J. H. Bowman will be chairman, fifth district committee on student activities and counselor for the local student branch of the Institute. Prof. J. Bray Speaks At AlChE Meeting Chemical engineering is a good field for persons with the proper abilities, but it is being overcrowded by persons who would do better in other vocations. Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the University chemical engineering school, told an AIChE meeting last night. Meeting in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building, about 90 members and prospective members of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers heard talks by members of the University ChE faculty and were introduced to the faculty. After the meeting refreshments were served, and an informal discussion was held.
Rush Chairmen Compile Fraternity Pledge List
LONDON—Anthony Eden, former cabinet member, said today that the crisis had merely been delayed a trifle. “Sooner or later the dictatorship countries must be stopped. They will be stopped.”
BERLIN—Official newspapers in this country carried the news of the Czech surrender, but with the ominous postscript that the surrender may have come too late.
BOSTON—Known deaths mounted to 31 tonight as a 100-mile-an-hour hurricane swept over New England and the Atlantic seaboard, lashing water high into the streets of the coastal cities. Damage soared into the tens of millions of dollars.
Following is the list of the pledges of the social fraternities on the campus as compiled by the various rush chairmen. Acacia—Charles Frank, Indianapolis; Earl Heinton, Lafayette; Joe Maish, Frankfort; Richard Robertson, Terre Haute; Arno Siefker, Indianapolis; Robert Beavers, Decatur; Roderick Frazier,”'’Hobart; Carl Hansing, Elkhart; A1 Hutson, Wadsworth, 0.; Coleman ifuhn, Shelbyville; George Metzger, South Bend; Frederick Zimmerman, Davenport, Iowa. Alpha Chi Rho— Uses system of deferred pledging. Alpha Gamma Rho — William Combs, Lowell; A. Stanley Hirst, Manilla; Donald Ogalvie, Sandwich, 111.; J. Slonaker, Cambridge City; Gerald Clodfeller, Greensburg; J. R. Brown, Rushville. Alpha Tau Omega—Leon Jacobson, Detroit, Mich.; Bill Wells,Dearborn, Mich.; Jim Venable, Mt. Sterling, Ky.; Maurice Vitale, Kokomo; John Tirpak, Whiting; H. S. Suderman, Gary; William Shelmerdine, Reading, Pa.; James Nickey, Dayton, 0.; Virgil Duncan, Port Wayne; Jack Money, Spencer; Wil-v liam Bradley, Ottawa, 111.; Dick Keilman, Whiting; Walt Kearney, Chicago, 111.; Robert Livinghouse, Plymouth; John Duret, Kokomo; H. G. Gano, Dayton, 0.; R. E. Geyfried, Evanston, 111.; Howard Harlan, Hamwood, N. J. Beta Sigma Psi—C. P. Beaurline, River Forest, 111.; J. R. Gaik, South Bend; G. Huluska, Valparaiso; C. R. Schmidt, Laporte; R. W. Schmidt, Laporte; H. C. Thober, Elmore, 0.; A. A. Winkler, Benton Hai'bor, Mich.; H. A. W. Zickler, Seymour. Beta Theta Pi—Monty Carpenter, Columbus; George Jones, Jamestown, N. Y.; Vernon Hausselman, Lima, O.; William Hayt, Cincinnati, 0.; Phillip Powell, Muskogee, Okla.; Thomas Cherrington, Toledo, 0.; Robert Thompson, Columbus; Frank
Mcllvany, Indianapolis; Willis Wills, Bartlesville, Okla.; William Sullivan, Vevay; Ernest McClintock, Oak Park, 111.; Walter Prank, Hammond. Delta Chi—Lee Clifford, Indianapolis; Ralph Prober, Salem, 0.; Bill Raymer, Anderson; Jack Bowman, Delphi; Ray Todd, Delphi; Bob Van Arsdale, Terre Haute; George Danner, Elgin, 111.; Bob Swindler, Linden; Rex Herbert, Terre Haute; John Lindeman, Hammond; Remi Gits, Chicago, 111.; Dick Rugaber, Toledo, 0.; Bob Fisher, Detroit, Mich.; A1 Rbssi, Pekin, 111. Delta Tau Delta—Edwaid A. Ford, LGrange, 111.; William J. Manby, South Bend; Wendall Van Deihse, San Francisco, Cal.; John W. Kendrick, Winnetka, 111.; David Dittmer, Warren, 0.; Kenneth Young', Chicago, 111.; Richard Wilson, South Bend; Paul Anthony, Wilmette; N. Joseph Crawford, Indianapolis; John Adamson, Glencoe, 111.; Joseph Glover, Huntington, W. Va.; Forest Sprowl, Oblong, 111.; James Sheets, Brownstown; Richard Ward, Linden; Hiero Hays, Denver, Col. Del^ta Upsilon — Chailes Barr, Gieertsfield; Don Blembei, Huntingburg; John Hawley, Peru; Robert Gimlin, Ohk Park, 111.; Tom Keefer, Oak Park, 111.; James Schiep, Tipp City, 0.; James Hobbs, Painesville, 0.; Harold Peterson, West Lafayette; Ray Friend, West Lafayette; George Paige, Loganspoit; Charles Sheets, Cleveland, O. Kappa Delta Rho—J. D. Stair, Mulberry; Emili Ratti, Indianapolis; C. J. Kennedy, Berry, N. Y.; John N. Kass, Indianapolis; Jack M. Kuch, Niagara Palls, N. Y. i Kappa Sigma—William Sweeney, Indianapolis; Elray St. Clair, Valparaiso; Timothy Gaurly, Gary; Charles Martin, Chippewa Palls, Wis.; Ray Pittman, Toledo, O.; Robert Keim, West Lafayette; Arthur
Dalton, Toledo, O.; Ralph Decker, Indianapolis; Jack Crain, Logansport; Harvey Hunter, Indianapolis; Fred Kraft, Logansport; Ed Loveless and Alward Pinnock, Detroit, Mich.; J. Mark Albertson, Washington, D. C.; Robert Bodine, Coving^ton; Robert Burrows, Shaker Heights, 0.; Richard Thowas, Chicago, 111. Lambda Chi Alpha—Clark Garrison, St. Louis, Mo.; Max Irnlscher, Port Wayne; Ai't Santo, Michigan City; Bob Russell, Chicago, 111.; John Misner, Anderson; Dick Watson, Indianapolis; Roger Nusbaum, Warsaw; John Jarrett, Sylvania, O.; Claude Thompson, Frankfort; Jerry Gerard, Warsaw; Bill Wagher, Warsaw. . Phi Delta Theta—R. Adams, West Lafayette; J. Adams, Fort Wayne; H. Swank, Fort Wayne; R. Nesslei, Indianapolis; W. Strong, Indianapolis; W. H. Claike, Warsaw; W. O’Shaunessy, Lawrenceburg; J. Rush, Lafayette. Phi Gamma Delta ■— William Baugh, Evansville; Charles Brandt, Indianapolis; S. Jack Buiick, Indianapolis; Lewis Campbell, Indianapolis; Fred Douglas Shaker Heights, 0.; Robert Cutler, West Lafayette; Henry Evans, Riverside, 111.; Gerald Pranks, Peoria, 111.; Jack Lowe, Chicago; Thomas Jay, Richmond; Robert Jones, West Lafayette; William Lancet, Indianapolis; Richard Sidwell, West Lafayette; Donald Smith, Mishawaka; William Campbell, Fort Leavenworth, Kan.; Eugene Mcllwa^,>^ Campbell, N. Y.; John Tiex'ney, (Chicago, 111.; Gordon Robbins, West Lafayette. 'v Phi Kappa—R. J. Kennedy, Anderson; G. A. Juhnke, Chicago, 111.^ R. P. Brock, Chicago, 111.; F. T. Driefbach, Lyden, Ky.; J. F. Mueller, Evansville; W. M. Weindach, Evansville; W. C. Clodjeaux, Chicago, 111.; W. A. Gromaire, Ham-
mond; R. M. Ferre, New Rochelle, N. Y.; R. D. McCarthy, Princeton, N. J.; R. D. O’Neil, Ashland, Ky.; J. D. Dewey, Crystal Lake, 111.; B. Cheney, Chicago, 111.; S. Starshak, Chicago, 111,; E. Hannifin, Chicago, 111.; and R. E. Fox, Fort Wayne. Phi Kappa Psi—J. Aulson, Wautagan, 111.; D. Dailey, Peoria, 111.; S. G. Belles, Terre Haute; L. Arodd, Wannatosa, Wis.; W. Decker, Lafayette; J. Deets, Lafayette; G. Ducan, Chicago, 111.; R. Ehmer, Mt. Sterling, Ky.; V. Hill, Kokomo; G. McWorkman, Indianapolis; P. Miller, Kokomo; J. Mullen, Alexandria; R. Reed, LaGrange, 111.; D. Sears, Indianapolis; D. Shadford, Denver, Col. Phi Kappa Sigma—C. Standard, Hartford City; O. Hufnagel, Evansville; T. Bushnell, Glencoe, 111.; R. Spangler, Highland Park, 111.; D. Baughman, Warren, 0.; P. Dwyer, Oak Park, Ill.-^sJ’. Klotz, Noblesville; R. Reynolds, Eaton; J. Roland, Chicago, 111.; and C. Kjellberg, Chicago, 111. Phi Kappa Tau—D. R. Forbes, Oak Park, 111.; S. Grand-Girard, Sharon, Penn.; R. D. Hargesheimer, Rochester, Penn.; J. E. Heilman, Lancaster, Penn.; R. W. Kimmel, Dayton, O.; R. S. Learning, Valparaiso; T. Melton, Lowell; L. H. Miller, Louisville, Ky.; B. W. Osterling, Glen Ellyn, 111.; J. L. Pruitt, Louisville, Ky.; N. W. Raber, Peru; J. Roman, Chicago, 111.; J. D. Schaefer, Louisville, Ky^ J. C. Wilson, Louisville, Ky.; and P. K. Zimmerman, Chicago, 111. Phi Sigma Kappa—Jack Maidlow, Princeton; 'Charles Heck, Chicago, 111.; Richard Kratzer, Buffalo, N. Y.; Lester Oliver, Greencastle; Dick Turnbell, Frankfort; Bill Cutro, Gary; and Merle Weatherly, Indianapolis. Pi Kappa Alpha—Wilford Bartlet, Huntingburg; Robert Bmtis, Chi(Continued on page 4)
SAE Pledges 25, Leads; Sigma Nu With 23 Second After a week and one-half of rushing campus fraternities have pledged S72 men as revealed by a survey by the Exponent. This figure has been changed somewhat from last year partly because of the influence of the Franklin Levering Cary Halls recently constructed. Sigma Alpha Epsilon leads the organized houses with 25 pledges, with Sigma Nu a close second taking 23 pledges. Of the 35 houses listed, the average is 10.6 pledges per house. Rushees, who previously have been treated with the greatest of deference, are now being turned onto the proving ground of pledgeship. Missing from the list of pledges, found elsewhere on this page, are those of Sigma Chi, which has not as yet completed its pledge list, and Alpha Chi Rho and Triangle, which use a system of deferred pledging where a man has to prove himself in the University before he is pledged. Exponent Invites Interested Fresh To Union Smoker Literary-minded freshmen who would like to work on the business staff of the Exponent are invited to attend the smoker which will be present to discuss any problems. Sunday at 2:15 p. m. The meeting will be to familiarize all interested students with the Exponent and the work to be done. Another meeting will be held Thursday, September 29, when the members of the business staff wiU be present to discuss any problems The last meeting will be Tuesday, October 4, and at that time J. E. Walters, personnel director of the University, will be in charge of the meeting. At different times mimeographed material will be passed out to enlighten freshmen on problems which they may have. Breeze To Play For Cord Dance Free admission to the seniors wearing their cords or jerkins will be the rule as always at the annual Cord Dance Saturday night beginning at 9 o’clock in the Union ballroom. Lou Breeze with his “breeze rhythms” is scheduled for this close of the cord and mustache hunt and^ senior parade. Lou Breeze has recently played engagements at the New Penn Club the Chez Paree and will soon open another extended engagement at the Chez Paree. Meredith Club Will Meet This Afternoon Old members of the Virginia C. Meredith Club will entertain the new members this afternoon at 4 o’clock at a picnic meeting in the Home Economics Building. A short program consisting of a speech by Dean Mary Matthews and the introduction of officers and their committees, will be presented after the picnic. The price of tickets has been set at 35 cents, and tickets can be obtained from Miss Margaret Beemaner Marie Byers, social chairman in the Home Economics Building.
THE WEATHER
Fotrecast for Indiana: Considerable cloudiness, slightly waimer today. Friday generally fair* and warmer.r
£diboJdnd
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J-acdtuMA
Thursday. September 22. 1938
?.
Counselors... . . . begin their job early this year. Today 200 high-ranking upperclas'smen will meet in Stanley Coulter Hall to receive preliminary instructions and to be assigned names of engineering and science freshmen. Each of these counselors will be given a group of new stu- . dents to whom he must become a good friend and adviser. In former years of the program only those freshmen who got yellow slips were advised. This year the program begins right away so that counselors may get acquainted with their men and be able to correct any discoverable conditions which later might contribute to delinquency. At today’s meeting the counselors will hear advice on how to make friends with their charges and how to gain their confidence. The counselors met several times last spring for lectures on methods of coaching freshmen in the arts of study and concentration. This meeting today begins the fall program, after which in other meetings counselors will be told how to deal with problems they meet in attempting to guide freshmen who may be having scholastic troubles because of factors ranging from plain dislike of school to family difficulties. The counseling program has proven itself worth while. Definite proof is hard to get, but it is certain that in the past both counselors and counselees have benefited. This year it should be much more effective because of the early start. Counselors attempting to help freshmen who already have shown evidence of failure by getting yellow slips are apt to find the rhinies unfriendly and have difficulty gaining their confidence. This year the friendships will be formed long before the “yellow peril” descends, and freshmen will be encouraged to keep up in their work from the very beginning of the semester. This year’s program should be very successful if it works out as planned. The ideas behind it are sound, but the factors which will decide its worth will be, just as always before, the attitude and cooperation of the counselees. Willing freshmen will find the counselors a
the Pqrdue Exponent
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAI. ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO ’ Boston ■ Los Angeles • San Francisco Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. l^dey Associate Editors.. G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager B. M. Antonini Circulation Manager — W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. l^ugherty National Advertising Manager a Accounts Manager — .W. E. Snuth Art Director —D. J. Henninger GO-ED STAFF Editor. — Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnsop, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor.... - R* 1“ McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, K. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undefferaduate students of Purduo University. All opjnions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offoial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written -by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Massey Thursday, September 22, 1938
great help . . . while resentful rhinies will be wasting excellent opportunities to learn from the experience of fellow students who have been through freshman work before and know the ropes.
By Georgann Schilling
Cinema Cues
About the smoothest gentleman to call around here in a long time is Maestro Tucker, who presided over the mixer last Friday night. His motto was “We aim to please,” and from the sound of the applause he certainly lived up to the slogan. —H & H— Just in case some of you are beginning to think this column is too feminine in its reporting, we aim to tell you only of male society today. So this timfe, just forget Her, and concentrate on the elite Hims about us. —H & H— A number of the seniors are hard to recognize any more because of their newly-acquired moustaches. One of the most matured ones belongs to trackman Art Bodeau of the SAE house. The object is now to preserve the painfully acquired bit of upper lip decoration until after Saturday’s game. —H & H— A campus lad with an interesting hobby is Alan “Happy” Johnson, who is an ace glider club enthusiast. Happy spends many hours both duiing vacation and in school time building and working on gliders. Captain Aretz reports seeing Happy flying around as early as 4 a. m. some mornings. —H &’H— Fraternities desiring a favored place in the feminine hearts of the campus may win such a spot by reviving the almost vanished practice of serenades. As yet no singing cavaliers have appeared this year. But the co-eds have not yet given up hope, and are waiting to be awakened by musical notes any evening. It should be quite a feat to be the first fraternity to serenade the new girls in the residence halls. —H & H— Our recommendation for the most clever dancer of the week-end is none other than Debris Business Manager Boyette Edwards. He seems to have polishr^d perfection in his swing and sway. Now that most of the pledging is over, the fraternity swing sessions can begin in earnest. And how the scene changes for the formerly feted pledges! But then it’s just one of those things, rhinies, and this year’s toughest sophomores are okly last year’s pledges who have become one year older.
By Betty Wickard “Boy Meets Girl,” Warner Brothers goofy comedy based on a stage hit of the same name brings the starring team of Jimmy Cagney and Pat O’Brien to the Lafayette theater today through Saturday. Marie Wilson, Hollywood’s “dumb blonde,” takes the part of the naive waitress whose baby is-exploited by those two screwy playwrights ia^ their weirdest plot. Nay Francis and George Brent play the leads in the Warner Brothers’ picture “Secrets of An Actress” which will be shown today and tomorrow at the Mars theater. Kay is the actress, while George Brent and Ian Hunter are the men on her two-party line. Coming to the Mars Saturday is “Boys’ Town,” starring Spencer Tracy and Mickey Rooney. Tracy plays the part of Father Flanagan, idealistic priest and founder of the refuge for homeless boys, while Mickey Rooney plays one of the most dramatic roles of his career as the tough little brother of a gangster. The Jones family in “Borrowing Trouble” will be shown at the Main theater September 22-24 as part of the double feature. Jed Prouty as Pop gets into trouble with gangland in this human interest comedy.
AIR-CONDITIONED
“Who Killed Gale Preston,” with Don Terry and Rita Hayworth, and a Merrie Melody comedy round out the bill. For the midnight show Satm’day night at 11:30, “I Married a Spy,” an expose of the cruelties of espionage with Neil Hamilton, will be shown. “Rolling Caravan,” an all-west-ern, will be teamed with “The Shadow,” a mystery picture featuring Charles Quigley and Rita Hayworth at the Arc today through Saturday. “Old Barn Dance,” starring Gene Autry, the singing cowboy, will share the double feature bill at the Luna theater, September 22-24 with “The Missing Guest,” a Universial mystery which is solved by Paul Kelly.
TODAY-FRI.-SAT. bAFFLINtf MYSTERYI
AND
m
Heanor
— ALSO — 'ZORRO RIDES AGAIN'
«uh DON Rita Hayworth Y/yn CaWoon i COLUMBIA PICTOBB
Cold Blooded ^ j Murder Set to Red Hot Rhythm
Plus — America's Favorite Family Adopts the Toughest Kid in Town —What Fun!
with JED PROUTY SPRING BYINGTON Coming Sunday
Fred ASTAIRE
Ginger ROGERS
CAREFREE
Sasque and Cascet is the name of the interfraternity relations board at the University of New Hampshire.
CROOKED BAND OF MODERN THUGS HURL THEIR ARMED MIGHT AGAINST ATERRIFIED TOWN!
ALSO — A LAUGH FUN-FLIP...CHiLLED WITH THRILLS^
PAUL KELLV • CONSTANCE MOORE • WILLIAM LUNDICAN
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichiy
You organized girls will have to remember while rushing these nice looking freshman co-eds just what competition they will offer. By the looks of the average freshman coed it looks as if this thing called SLUMP 'will cover a larger scope than just the sophomores.
The matrons at WRH have been having a hot time trying to keep the new freshman girls from gettin’ homesick but to date they have not been so successful. In past experience it was the boy that got homesick and the co-eds got sick of home.
Maybe these so-called personality boys of dear ol’ Purdue have lost what little they did have on the ball.
The mystery of the year is, what happened to Phi Psi BUD TAYLOR. If you have not missed him this year he was that good-looking blond that used to stand at the counter of the Sweet Shop. He was not part of the fixtures, but the Sweet Shop and TAYLOR went hand-in-hand.
Since the news of the new Pi Phi sorority house was announced in the Exponent last week, it has been practically impossible to get within pledging distance of any of them. Bye the bye, girls, how does a blue print impress a rushess.
This is not for publication so we won’t say anything about it, but if you won’t let it out I’ll tell you. Did you know that the Kappa Sigs pledged a man in a study room of the Phi Gam house? That is what is commonly called the, peak of hood-winking.
Just sfljthat none of you boys let it slip ynur mind, the Gold Diggers Dance will be given on the 14th of October, and anyone that has a spare date for that dance will they send the girl’s name and description in and we will post the names.
This is to enable the girls to get a chance to spend their money, that they have waited all year to do, and will also allow the boys to go that would like the thrill of gettin’ a little somethin’ for nothin’.
LUMA TODAY-FRI.-SAT. 2 FIRST RON HITS
‘I suppose all these new mechanical things and machines will throw a lot of soldiers out of work.”
Ifrom tha play produced by George Abbott) 235 cities rocked with laughter when tbejf saw it on the stage last year! Starts TODAY iWBnam
..I^ARIE WILSON RALPH BELLAMY BRANK McHUGH # DICK FORAN 5c(ten flay 'by, lollq onil Sqinuil Spiwetk A WARNER BROS,
— PIds — Color Cartoon
Musical ComedyThursday< September 22, 1938
THE PURDUE
SpOiiL
EXPONENT
Freshmen Go Through First Scrimmage Drills Opening Drills Reveal Promising Future Varsity Men; Many Backs Show Passing And Running Skill After a week of pre-season gridiron workouts such as exercises, foot work, and signal drills. Head Freshman Coach Elmer Burnham and his assistants embarked the first year men on their initial college scrimmage last night on upper Stewart Field. ^ As usual, at this time of year, the frosh seem seven and eight deep for each position, and it is almost an impossibility to pick any standouts from the smashing bodies during
scrimmage sessions.
Last night’s drills were short lived for an entire team, as new elevens were constantly being formed and sent through a few plays only to be disbanded and sent to individual drilling under Coaches Purvis, Voinoff, Zachary, and Reeck. During the opening scrimmage a backfield composed of John Galvin, from St. Leo High School, Chicago; Schumaker, from Tilden Tech, Chicago; Wiggens, from Florida; and Oliphant, from Bloomfield, Indiana, clicked nicely. Dose, former Jefferson star of Lafayette, also provided signs of coming ball carrier ability. Galvin, a halfback, is the lad who gave Bill De Correvont a battle for the “it” man in Chicago high school
football last season.
National League
W
L
Pet.
GB
Pittsburgh
81
57
.587
Chicago
78
61
.561
31/2
Cincinnati
76
62
.551
5
New York
75
64
.532
61/2
Boston
69
70
.496
121/2
St. Louis
68
72
.486
14
Brooklyn .
63
74
.451
171/2
Yesterday’s Results St. Louis, 4; Boston, 0. (2nd game
called, rain).
Other games postponed, rain. American League
Two sets of twins are on the Massachusetts State College baseball team for 1938.
W
L
Pet.
GB
New York
94
48
.662
Boston
80
59
.576
121/2
Cleveland
80
61
.569
i3y2
Detroit
76
66
.535
18
Washington
70
72
.492
24
Chicago
60
75
.444
30 y2
St. Louis
59
87
,360
37
Philadelphia
51
92
.362
40y2
The University of California medical school is planning a summer camp for diabetic children.
Yesterday’s Results
Chi^go, 5; New York, 2. Detroit, 8, 2; Philadelphia, 6, 0. Other games I called, rain.
Buy Dr. Grabow's Pre-Smoked Pipes at DEAC'S.’Choice of Styles, $1 50. H. G. (DEAC) REISNER
Only DR. GRABOW RIPES at«Pr^inol[0clbynio> CHOKI chins with^ns tobacco, to ^ OP 'SAUVA nUP moke them swoet and mellow. H SPVUB
NO BITE'!' NO BREAKING IN!^ NO BITTER TASTE!
aduobtu
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Florists
Dorjier's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Jewelers
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST nOVa Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH ']evfe\Qr and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Bookstores
"DEAC^' Everything for a 'College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORT
Everything for thej^rdue Studer • Locksmith "C CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairihg Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
KEYS AND LOGKS Keys for trunks, door Iocks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks Auto keys a specialty Bicycles, accessories and repairing MULHAUPrS 209-n N 5th St. Phone 2828
SfudentsUseGates 2 And 6 Saturday In order to eliminate confusion at the gate. Gate No. 2 in the middle of the south end of the RossAde Stadium has been designated exclusively as a student entrance for this fall’s football games, it was announced last night by Bob Woodworth, acting athletic director. In addition to Gate No. 2, which will be exclusively a student entrance, students will also be admitted at Gate No. 6, which is located directly in back of the student section on the west side. For Saturday’s opener with Detroit, students will be admitted at either of the designated gates upon presentation of their student identification card. Part of the student section, which is located north of the 50-yard line, will be reserved Saturday for seniors taking part in the parade. The remainder of the area north of the 50-yard line will be open to underclassmen on a “first come, first served” basis. Intramural INTRAMURAL SOFTBALL RESULTS Phi Kappa Psi, 7; Delta Tau Delta, 1. Phi Kappa Sigma, 9; Acacia, 7. Delta Upsilon, 11; Phi Kappa, 1. Lambda Chi Alpha, 7; Phi Pi Phi, 2. Beta Theta Pi, 5; Alpha Tau Omega, 2. Sigma Chi, 4; Triangle, 1. Theta Chi, 8; Beta Sigma Psi, 1.
Fall Baseball Held On Old Diamond; Varsity Football Steals Diamond While football takes the limelight and their diamond, T. K. Sanders and his baseball men are holding their fall practice on the old baseball diamond of Intramural Field. After practicing hitting, fielding and running, Sanders plans to hold intra-squad competition if weather permits and the turnout merits it. The full strength of the squad has not been present because of the many men out for football. Among the men lost from last year’s squad are pitcher, Stu Heiss, who was farmed out to the St. Louis Cardinals, and last year’s captain, “Red” Breslin, first baseman Waling, catcher Krause, and pitcher Mangas, who were lost by graduation. The men who are fighting for upper berths on next year’s team are: pitchers, Bailey, Navta, Emmert, Chamberlain, Massoth, and Ruppert; infielders Igney, Danowski. Boroughs, Fisher, and outfielder, Lorenz.
Delta Chi, 5; Sigma Nu, 2. Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 6; Sigma Alpha Mu, 4. Kappa Sigma, 3; Kappa Delta Rho, 1. Tau Kappa Epsilon, 8; Pi Kappa Phi, 0. Sigma Phi Epsilon, 8; Alpha Kappa Lambda, 1. Sigma Pi, 9; Alpha Chi Rho, 7. Tau Epsilon Phi, 7; Phi Gamma Delta, 2. Phi Delta Theta, 5; Theta Xi, 2. Theta Tau, 0; Alpha Gamma Rho, 16.
EDWOOD GLEN Public Golf Course Beautiful Grounds . . Natural Hazards Located Miles North of Lafayette Take State Road 43 North and Turn Left on First Road After Crossing Burnett's Creek Sandwiches — Soft Drinks — Tobaccos
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles at GULLION’S
A Bid to the Arrow Fraternity
/
You’re sure of a legacy in this— one of the oldest brotherhoods on any campus. Get yourself an Arrow Shirt and you’ll become a member for life. Arrow’s fall crop is new and different. Exclusive patterns with the latest collar models including the round point, longer point, tab and button down. Mitoga-fit, Sanforized-Shrunk. The initiation fee is nominal at $2 and up.
ARROfV SHIRTS
Detroit Gridiron Squad Is Confident Of Success Titans Spend Practice Sessions On Running Attack; Are Prepared To Surprise Purdue By Deserting Air Detroit’s gridiron squad has not the usual underdog complex found in most of the opening game opponents. Instead, the Titans have an attitude of calm determination to show Big Ten schools as a whole that Detroit has a team to be respected by beating Purdue, and the squad seems certain of its success.
f
iftldcr’s^... ....choice
Only two more days remain until the big game . . . excellent football weather is predicted . . . the squad is anxious to make good in their opening game . . . the Detroit squad is going to be plenty tough . . . and it looks like a gala day for Purdue . . . P. S. all the seniors would like to have the chance to get rid of their derbies ... the freshmen seem to have taken care of the mustache situation. —fc— A 72-piece band will accompany the trainload of Detroit fans who will follow their team to Lafayette this Saturday ... an estimated crowd of 1,000 Titan fans will arrive this week-end via special train and automobile. —^fc— Captain Alex Chesney, halfback Ed Palumbo, and Clint Barritt are expected to be the mainstays of the Detroit attack . . . Elward will match them with Ippolito, Brock, Humphrey, and Mihal .. . 5,000 Boy Scouts will be the guests of the University at Saturday’s contest . . in spite of contradictory reports, there are still some good seats to be had. —^fc— Probably the longest touchdown on record was made by “Snooks” Dowd in a game between Lehigh and Lafayette . . . Dowd ran in the wrong direction, realized his error only when he crossed his own goal line . . . undaunted, he circled his own poal posts and ran the length of the field again to score . . . total yardage on the play, 210. Westminster Group Will Hike To Happy Hollow Westminster Foundation group will hike to Happy Hollow tomorrow afternoon. All Presbyterian and Congregational students and their friends are invited by the Foundation to meet at the Westminster house, 129 Sheets street, at 4:15. A charge of 15 cerlts each, or 25 cents per couple, will be made for the supper. Ellis Verink is chairman of the committee in charge of the arrangements.
Although the Titans have always been known as a passing team under Dorais, who was the first great exponent of the pass while plajnng at Notre Dame, it looks as if the running game is going to be a big factor in the Purdue battle. A very large part of Tuesday’s practice sessions was given over to polishing up the running plays. Coach Dorais feels that he has enough beef and power in his backfield this year to make the running game more effective than it has been in the recent past. Heavy Backs The addition of Clint Barritt, a 200-pound sophomore fullback, has helped mightily. He is the first big blocking back that Dorais has had in a number of years, McDermott, who will start at right half, is also heavy, weighing about 185. Thus it looks as if Ed Palumbo, the triple threat left half who does most of the passing and running, will haVe his path cleared better than it has been for any ball-carrier in the last several seasons. Dorais, as usual, will make no prediction regarding Saturday’s game, beyond saying that it ought to be a hard-fought and interesting contest. After Tuesday’s practice he said: “The team looks good in practice for so early in the fall, but I don’t know how it will show up in competition. All I can promise is that we will show the Boilermakers everything we have in stock. There will be no saving plays for future opponents. We want to win this one both for the prestige and the psychological effect of getting off on the right foot.” Flying Club To Meet In Room F Of Union The Purdue Flying Club invites all students interested in aviation to attend the first meeting which will be held today in room F of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Several members of the Club have spent quite a bit of time working on the Aeronca and have it in flying condition. It is reported that there are a few shares of stock left in the plane and those interested should report. 0. H. Skinner, president of the club, will be in charge for the evening. A series of programs for the year have been arranged. Club members hope that they will be able to obtain A1 Williams for a speaker.» -J
s
3kcaL huHa.
Farm Management Group AAUW Elecfs Lillian
hi>i«s.pi«be.30 peienon President
The annual farm management picnic, with freshmen as special guests, will be held on Fi’iday, September 30, in the Dean’s cow pasture west of the University cattle
barns.
Starting immediately after school softball and touchball will provide entertainnfent until time for supper, which will be served around a campfire. Staff members will be presented to the students and a brief “get acquainted” meeting will follow.
Last evening the Recent Graduate Group of the Lafayette Branch AAUW met in the Union Building and elected the following officers: president, Lillian Peterson, vicepresident, Annbeth Kirker, secretary Mary Jane Carr, treasurer Mrs. Donald Meid, publicity chairman Roberta Marshall, program chairman Ruth Hallstein, and fellowship chairman Elizabeth Mackay.
Tickets priced at 20 cents may be obtained from Max Skinner, Don Paarlberg, Willard Lambert, John De La Croix, or the farm management office.
WB AA Programs
Paul Worcester Will
—Today-
11:00—PTA Program. 11:15—Charlotte Friend Stewart, soprano. 11:30—Tipecanoe County Federated Clubs Program. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—The Woman Shopper. 12:15—Civic Forum. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—“I Want a Job.” 1:15—Musical Moments. 1:30—Prof. Frank Hall, Footnotes on the Headlines. 1:45—Songs and Melodies. 2:00—The Apothecary. 2:15—Melody Time. 2:30—^You and Your Child. ' 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—Men of Vision. 3:15—Afternoon Musicale. 4:00—The Magic Carpet. 4:15—Melody Moods. 4:4b—The Story Book Hour,
Direct Baptist Choir
First rehearsal for the Baptist choir under Worcester will be held Friday, September 23 at 7:30 p. m. at the church.
Roger Williams Ciub Will Sponsor Hike Tomorrow
them Department Gets New Laboratory Annex
Students streamed into two new lai’ge laboratories and several new classrooms last week, as the revamped Engineering Administration Building opened under the name of the Chemical Laboratory Annex. The building has been remodeled and connected by a brick passageway to the Chemistry Building. With the building of the new Fieldhouse and Executive Building the men moved out of the Memorial Gymnasium and the co-eds moved in. Then the chemistry department took over the Women’s Gymnasium and the old Engineering Administration offices. All of these movements have been a part of the general expansion program now underway at the Univez-sity.
Roger Williams Club, sponsored by the Baptist church, will sponsor a hike and hamburger fry tomorrow night. The hike will start from the West Lafayette Baptist Church on the corner of Main and Columbia at 4:45 p. m. Destination is Professor J. R. Wiley’s home where the hamburger fry will be held.
Entei-tainment after the fry will consist of gi'oup singing led by Matt Brinduse and an invigorating walk home. The cost of the fry will be 15 cents.
The University of Pittsburgh will be host this June to the convention of the Amei'ican College Publicity Association.
A contest is being conducted on the University of New Mexico campus to find the male student with the ugliest legs.
More than thirty religious denominational gioups are lepresented in the Wheaton College student body.
^n(ii6p^n6al?ie
During Your
Collegiate Career
• The Purdue Exponent
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TboiknA.
Thursday. September 22. 1938
Rush Chairmen--(Continued from page 1)
cago. 111.; Lindsay Lewis, Louisville, Ky.; William Neutzel, Tell City; William Risley, Atlantic City, N. J.; Robei't Schornstheimer, White Plains, N. Y.; Paul Sturm, Indianapolis; William Ellsworth, Huntingburg; William Wolford, Linton.
The Graduate Group consists of gilds who have gi’aduated fi’om or attended for two years or moi'e some college or univei’sity. Pi’esident Peterson introduced Miss Vera Schuh who reviewed the book, “The Tides of Mont St. Michel,” by Roger Vercel, and translated by Warre Bradley Wells. A social hour followed.
Paul F. Worcester, Alpha Chi Rho, has been selected as the new choir director of the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Paul, who is a senior agriculture student, has held membership in three musical organizations during his stay at Pui'due. They are the Concert Choir, the University Choir, and the Men’s Glee Club.
Sigma Nu—D. L. King, Indianapolis; R. 0. Potter, Winnetka, 111.; R. W. Anderson, Indianapolis; H, C. Dees, Bicknell; R. P. Bartten, Fort Worth, Tex; J. M. Parret, Princeton; S. Marks, West Lafayette; Don Pyke, Lafayette; E. Ferguson, Tipton; R. Earhardt, Fort Wayne; J. Elvis, Evnston, 111.; H. Briggs, Gary; H. Knight, St. Louis, Mo.; G. Sloan, Maidon; E. Laramore, Evanston, 111.; B. Samms, Ft. Wayne; J. Miller, Chicago, 111.; R. M. Click, West Lafayette; F. King, Indianapolis; J. Jones, Alexandida; G. Savory, Atchison, Kan.; J. Burk, South Bend; T. Morehead, Atchison, Kans.
Sigma Phi Epsilon—Gene Adams, Evansville; James Chase, Louisville, Ky.; Mel Jones, Gary; George Peterson, Chicago, 111.; Fred Corporon. South Bend; Don Forbes, New York, N. Y.; George Landers, Shaker Heights; Bob Scallerup, Chicago, 111.; Dick Shively, West Lafayette; Stu Thompson, East Chicago.
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING By Enrolling in Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS In Ballroom Dancing Friday, Sept. 2.3, 7:30 P. M. Yam, Lambeth Walk and Latest Dances Taught. ENROLL NOW 10 Lessons $6.00
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
SHIRTS! SHIRTS! SHIRTS!
Perfectly laundered shirts for discriminating men. We have the finest shirt finishing equipment money can buy. Have that "dressed up" feeling in shirts laundered by us.
10% Discount on Cash and Carry Service. Call at
West Side Office
132 Vine Street
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Sigma Pi—John Helmich, Richmond; Warren Klehfoth, Richmond; Richard Reul, Roselle, N. J.; Clyde Stewart, Antigo, Wis.; Bob Kersey, Indianapolis; William Donnelly, Sullivan; Arnold Harmsen, Appleton, Wis.; John Weber, Clay City; James Kutz, Tipton.
Pi Kappa Phi—A. H. Hoppe, Whiting; D. C. Adams, Dundee, 111.; W. E. Beal, Bloomington, 111.; D. H. Lennox, Chicago, 111.; G. H. Husse, Maywood, 111.; J. Jones, Flossmoor, 111.; W. E. Vernon, Chicago, 111.; R. M. Edwards, Indianapolis; J. W. Oswalt, Whiting; F. M. Merriell, Cleveland, 0.; R. H. Timm, Whiting; and J. G. Thompson, Racine, Wis.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon—D. Knight, Zanesville; K. Stephens, LaGrange, 111.; W. Guard, Cincinnati, 0.; G. Ogden, Louisville, Ky.; J. Henderson, Chicago, 111.; A. Blair, Henderson; W. N'qff, Madison, Wis.; F. Tence, Peru; T. Hearne, Cincinnati, O.; J. Ely, Glasgow, Ky.; R. Strom, E. Chicago; G. Fletcher, Joliet, 111.; G. Bi’mond, Tei-re Haute; J. Mecredy, Baltimore, Md.; D. Douglass, New Philadelphia, 0.; H. Schumacher, Chicago, 111.; C. Sopcak, Gary; F. Habicht, LaGrange, 111.; L. Croxall, New Albany; L. Southmayd, Eldorado, Ark.; C. LaLiberte, Duluth, Minn.; J. Croxall, New Albany; F. Haun, Lafayette; J. Flater. West Lafayette; R. Blankin, Dundee, 111.
Theta Chi—C. 0. Pinkerton, Indianapolis; J. M. Palmer, Indianapolis; R. I. McKenzie, Chatsworth, Ga.; R. W. Lehr, Noblesville; J. M. Keppler, Muncie; F. A. Gurley, Indianapolis; W. Haase, Martinsville; O. A. Grabb, Jr., New Rochelle, N. Y.; and N. Ochiltree, Oak Park, 111.
Theta Tau—Edward Seyb, Cicero, 111.; Jim Vanderford, Ligonier; George Chaille, Decatur, 111.
Sigma Alpha Mu—Charles Friedman, New York, N. Y.; Ira Greenberg, Chicago, 111.; Edgar Katzenberg, Chicago, 111.; Irving Kolber, Chicago, 111.; Howard Levin, Warsaw; Aaron Linn, Chicago, 111.; Arnold LoMar, Evanston, 111.; James Mann, Milwaukee, Wis.; Harold Saltzman, Chicago, 111.; Irving Smulevitz, East Chicago; Gerhard Van Biema, New York, N. Y.
Theta Xi—Bob Mansfield, Louisville, Ky.; Henry Gobbels, St. Louis, Mo.; Harry Applegate, Cincinnati, 0.; Harry Hughes, Niagara Falls, N. Y.; Ralph Waddington, St. Louis, Mo.; Fred O’Neiell, Niagara Falls, N. Y.; Albert Rogers, Detroit, Mich.; Steve Fitch, Aubur,; Fred Brunner, Chicago, 111.
Triangle—D. Morgenrath, Alton, 111.; A1 Risser, Pai'k Ridge, 111.; Ed Blakslee, Chicago, 111.
Freshman Engineers: Engineering lecture seat assignments in Eliza Fowler Hall for all divisions will be posted in Michael Golden Shops Thursday morning, September 22. This list will be moved to the corridor of Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30 a. m. Saturday, September 24. —KNAPP.
Gimlet: Important meeting of all actives and pledges at the Phi Delta Theta house at 7 p. m. Thursday, September 22. Be prompt. —SWAN.
Senior Mechanicals: Meet in fiont of the Mechanical Building for organization and count before the parade at 1 p. m. Saturday September 24. All senior mechanicals are urged to be present to make parade attendance fqr the trophy 100 per cent. —HARVEY.
WAA Hockey: All girls interested in ' WAA field hockey are urged to attend open piactice Thursday and Friday, September 22 and 23, at 4 p. m. —SHAFFER.
Christian Church Students: All freshmen who are affiliated with the Christian church are to be guests at the annual freshman banquet which will be held Friday, September 23, at 6 p. m. in the First Christian Church located at Sixth and North streets, Lafayette. Upperclassmen may
. . . Makes smart new Fall styles for comfortable wear in rough weather. Fortune "Storm Leathers" are treated to be water-resistant... and are in handsome Fortune patterns, Style Specified for informal wear this season. Drop in and try on a pair.
OTHER MAKES
Fortune at .. $4.00 Bostonian at $7.50
B & W Shoe Co.
East Side Square
purchase tickets at 20 cents from Barton Hunter. —CRISS.
Co-ed Life-Savers: Meeting Friday, September 23 at 4 o’clock in the WAA officai —ORGESON.
Debris Editorial Workers: All Debris editorial workers meet in Debris office at 4 p. m. Thursday, September 22. —WINTER.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Thursday, September 22 at 7:30 p. m. in room B of the Union. Please bring passports to the meeting. —HALL.
Mortar Board—Meeting today, September 22, in the WSGA office to formulate program for the year. Very important. —WOOD.
Tau Epsilon Phi — Stanley Abrams, South Bend; Leo Marcus, Indianapolis; Arthur Cohen, South Bend; Seylour Udell, New York, N. Y.; Murray Bernhard, New York, N. Y.; Alex Nutwowitz, Bronx, N. Y.; Garson Schulman, Elmira, N. Y.; Harold Glazer, S, Norwalk, Conn.; Haskell Metz, Washington, D. C.
Purdue Peace-Committee; All members are requested to meet in room C of the Union at 4 :30 Friday, September 23. Very important. —CULP.
Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registra during the'September registration may obtain their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. —STONE.
Student Counselors: All men signed up to counsel freshmen will meet Thursday, September 22, at 4 p. m. in the second floor lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. The freshman assignments will be made at this meeting. Attendance is important. —WALTERS.
Engineering Drawing: Students of Engineering Drawing last year will please call for their drawing plates at room 202, of Michael Golden Shops, on or before noon, Saturday, September 24. —RISING.
Juniors: Thwe will possibly be a few vacancies in Advanced military. Any junior interested see Captain Morse in the main office of the Arm^y at once. 9-22 V —MORSE.
Tau Kappa Epsilon—F. Fandoval, Albuquerque, N. M.; M. Stranahan, Peru; D. Gladwell, Buffalo, N. Y.; R. Pelke, Gary; Gene Crousore, Indianapolis; R. Riester, Gary; P. Deal, Indianapolis; T. Witham, Indianapolis; and G. Daggy, Thorntown.
Senior Chemicals: Meeting today at 4 p. m. in room 202 of Heavilon Hall to make plans for senior parade. —JACOBI.
Student Senate: All senior and newly elected senators meet in room A of the Union at 7 :30 p. m., Thursday, Sept. 22. —ELLIOTT.
Seniors: Form east of Armory at 1:16 p. m. Saturday, September 24, for senior parade. —ELLIOTT.
Student Bible Class: Meeting in room C of Union Thursday, September 22, at 7 p.m. —BURBRINK.
Sophomore Co-ed Exponent Workers: Permanent schedule is as follows: Monday— Carroll, Burtsfield, Butz, Schlitter; 'Tuesday —Pickering, Simpson, Jakes ; Wednesday— Short, Miller, Briscoe, Sebast; Thursday— Carroll, Jakes, Schlitter, Joy; Friday—Butz, Briscoe, Sebast, Pickering, Totten: Saturday—Short, Miller, Joy. (9-27) —McKEE.
Wesley Foiindation: Morning watch will be held Thursday, September 22, at 7:30 a. m., with Kay Fosbrink as leader. —MELSER.
Ag Seniors; Meet in Ag Hall Thursday, September 22, at 4 p. m. to discuss senior parade. —CERES.
Local Ads
student Health Workers: Pay checks are ready at the Student Health Service for students who assisted with physical examinations during registration. -^MILLER.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 666 Main street.
Independent Students: Will all indeppendent student who have not filled out activities cards please come to the PIA office Thursday, September 22, at 4 p. m. —MYER.
SAME ZIPPER CORDS sell 60c cheaper at DEWENTERS. Say R. P. Manion sent you.
WANTED—Student washings. CALL FOft AND DELIVER. Phone 45682.
Military Sophomores: Sophomores who have two F. A. Books No. 200 may turn in the new copy for full credit between Thursday, September 22 and Thursday, September 29th. —HOLMES.
LOST—Black key case full of keys. Return to Sam Clow, 203 South Ninth St. 60 cents reward.
WANTED—For dance band—trumpet, trombone and bass. Call immediately 6384.
P. I. A.: Position of Men’s Activities Chairman is vacant on the PIA executive board. Juniors feeling they have the proper recommendations should state them in petition form. All petitions must be in the PIA office by 6 :00 p. m. Monday, September 26. —WELLS
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY
PIA Orchestra: Rehearsals and tryouts in the Tower Room of the Union at 7 p.m. Thursday, September 22. All old and new members are urged to attend. —SHINN.
Gold Peppers: Get your passports at the Fieldhouse and bring them to the meeting Friday, September 23, at 6 p. m., in room F of the Union Building. —COOLEY.
51 1 Ferry St. Phone 7828
Purdue Plying Club: Meeting in room F of the Union Thursday, September 22, at 7 :30 p. m. for class A members only. —SKINNER.
All kinds of printing from a Calling card to a High School Annual
Preview
of tlie Hext Great Baincoat Pasliion
FULL 85-INCH SWEEP FOR SMARTNESS 1
ROOMY POCKETS— AS YOU LIKE THEMl
CASUAL TYPE CONVERTIBLE COLLAR!
PLENTY OF SWANK IN THIS DRAPE!
Campus Shops ^^Beat the Gun” With Advance Showing . . . The New
TJnivers ityCoacher
BY ALLIGATOR
S750
Forecasters predict nation-wide popularity for this smart new fashion. But now, it’s exclusive with the smarter young men’s shops. See the University Coacher . . . note its lines, and remember—waterproof, windproof and dustproof for fall days and nights. Be ahead of the parade . .. get yours now! THE ALLIGATOR COMPANY, St. Louis and New York
Other Alligator Raincoats $5.75 to $25
LUCATOR