A' v;C' ,"' :ii^ t^.‘" ’ ,> " < T "1 ' . ’ ’^ ,
^i#-'
, 1 f,. > j
* '
Piii*riii^ JC^ wAi mm ' %Jm KIP
ExDonent mmmmrntm wm^h^ ^ii^mmmm^m^mmmm v
&1W
Lafayette* Lidiana
IHUBSDAY
March 23* 1939
VcLSO
H6,m
On May 1
,U. S. Entry In Next War Certain, Says Journalist “War will come in Europe and it is inevitable that America will be drawn into the conflict." Now is the time that the United States should ,take an intelligent but firm stand with the socalled democracies.”
Two Dancers Committee Changes Date Of Dance In Final Effort To Secure Name Band
Jordan Addresses Closing Druggisb' Business Session Addressing the closing session of the ninth annual Druggists’ Business Conference here yesterday, Dean C. B. Jordan of the Pharmacy School outlined provisions of the new federal pure food, drug, and cosmetic act and other recent legislation affecting the druggist. Dean Jordan’s discussion brought to a close the morning session which opened with a business meeting of representatives from nine different drug clubs of the state. In this meeting emphasis was placed on the advantages of organizing local in-ter-professional health councils. Other speakers at the morning session included B. E. Horrall, of the University dairy department; W. E. Nelson, sales manager of the east central division, Eli Lilly Co., Indianapolis; and W. R. Allen, personnel director, L. S. Ayres Co., Indianapolis. R. A. Hardt, products development manager of E. R. Squibb and Sons; M. G. Merriam, Becton Dickinson Co.; and Dr. C. J. Klemme, of the University, spoke before the afternoon group on various technical and merchandising phases of the druggist business. Three hundred druggists and pharmacists attended the two-day conference. SDX Speaker Herbert Heimlich, city editor of the Lafayette Journal-Courier, will speak at an open meeting of Sigma Delta Chi this evening in the Union rereption room at 7:30. His subjeca will be “A Comparison of American, Ahstralian, and English Newspapers.” Heimlich is a graduate of the Indiana School of Journalism.
This was the viewpoint that newspaperwoman Betty Wason, last night’s convocation speaker, presented to a large audience in Fowler Hall. Miss Wason, who has spent the last nine months in Central Europe, gave a resume of her experiences in Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Germany, Rumania, and Poland. At the last post-Munich conference to decide the sub-division of Czechoslovakia, Miss Wason was the only women journalist present. She recounted interesting episodes at the meeting at which Count Ciano, Italian foreign minister, and Von Bibbentrop, German foreign minister, were the principal figures. In her visits through Czechoslovakia, Miss Wason stated that she was particularly impressed by the intense nationalism of the people and thir hatred of the Germans. “While our train, made up of reporters, was traveling through a town in Czechoslovakia, soon to he ceded to Poland, we were stopped by hundreds of peasants standing bareheaded in the rain. They wanted the foreign journalists to tell the world the injustice that was being done them.” The German people think of Hitler as a quasi-god, she stated. However, the more pleasure loving Italians were not so well pleased with Mussolini. Miss Wason later reneged on the latter statement at the protest of an Italian exchange student in the audience. Union Gives Dance For Sfudenfs Only The Student Union will present a tea dance this afternoon for students only, from 4 to 6 p. m. in the ballroom. All students will be required to show their passports. The usual rules in regard to stags will be observed; stags allowed but no cutting during numbers. Included in the repertoire of recordings to be played are the five songs picked by the students as the top ranking favorites of the “Song of the Week” contest.
Frank Lischeron and Elvelyn Adams who will appear in the floor show at the Union “Penguin Club” Formal tomorrow night from 8:30 until 12:30.
Gimlets Name New Pledges At a meeting last night in the ■ Kappa Sigma Fraternity house. Gimlet Club, athletic booster honorary, announced that 30 men have’^ , been chosen to comprise this semester’s pledge group. The following men were chosen: R. A. Anderson, E. M. Antonini, J. W. Ashton, F. F. Beretta, W. F. Berg, J. L. Brock, D. L. Brubeck, P. T. Cooper, V. Daugherty, R. J. Deckard, R. B. Demars, G. W. Frederick, D. H. Gridley, T. E. Hennis, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. C. Kany, D. G. Malcolm, R. C. McNeil, L. A. Morrison, H. W. Nevin, A. C. Perrin, J. A. Richardson, A. R. Shackleton, O. F. Smith, W. E. Smith, W. B. Strong, J. b. Swinney, J. R. Williamson, and J. C. Woodson.
Russ Morgan and his “Music in the Morgan Manner” orchestra will furnish the music for the 1939 Junior Prom according to an announcement made by dance chairman Benny Bums last night. Morgan was signed yesterday afternoon.
The Prom date has been advanced to Friday, May 19, the old date of the Mortar Board dance. The date of the co-ed bid dance has
not been set.
Junior Prom will be a spring or summer fornnal. Winter formals will be excluded.
From Chez Paree Morgan brings his 19-piece band' here from the Chez Paree, Chicago, where it is now playing. His engagement there ends May 18. The Purdue Junior Prom will be one of two proptis at which Morgan will play this year. He will play at the University of Missouri, Columbia, the following evening. After the Columbia stand the (Continued on page 11)
Pledged By Purdue Order Military Merit Thirty pledges have been announced by the Purdue Order of Military Merit, 15 from the junior and 15 from the senior classes in advanced military. Eligibility for POMM is either five citations in the junioi year or four in the senior, in which case a man is automatically recommended by Col. D. M. Beere, Pledges are; Seniors: H. N. Behrends, P. E. Brumfield, J. C. Dewenter, R.^ B. Pitts, J. W. Greenis, C. F. Hoffman, S. M. Lawrence, R. H. Lehman, G. W. Matthews, F. C. Moses, C. F. Reed, H. B. Schisler, E. J. Wadleigh, R. Wagner, and J. M. Williamson. Juniors: M. A. Ahlvin, D. Butterfield, C. J. Echterling, V. D, Hobbs, J. D. Hoffman, C. F. Hotler, R. E. Houser, H. S. Jewett, H. G. Kolb, E. Maurey, K. L. Mulholland, A, C. Pen in, R. L. Policy, R. A. Specker, and R. H. Turnbell.
432 Named On Distinguished List; Two Students Make Perfect 6.5 Averages Four hundred thirty-two students received a “distinguished” (5.0 or better) scholastic rating for the past semester, according to a recent announcement from the President’s office. This number compares with 430 and 450, respectively, for the first
and second semesters of last year. Of these 430 honor students, 18
had grade-point averages above 6-0 and two received a perfect index, 6.5. Compilation of the figures by classes showed results to he divided about equally, the juniors leading with 134, seniors next at 105, freshmen a close third with 100^ and the sophomores trailing with 93. Telephone interviews with the 6.5’ers revealed the general view that good grades can be attributed mainly to luck and a reasonable amount of studying. Robert N. Keen, a junior EE from Indianapolis, when asked how it felt to get a perfect average, replied, “Peels 0. K., I guess. Just studied a lot and went to classes.” Keen is a member of Delta Upsilon social fraternity, and Eta Kappa Nu, electrical engineering honorary. He was a football manager during his first two years at Purdue. John G. Eilering, ME ’40 from Chicago, said the secret lay in getting the right instructors. Besides pulling down a 6.6 index, Eilering
is taking advanced military and is a pledge to Scabhard and Blade. Robert Munro, Sci. ’40 of West Lafayette, who had a perfect average last year, “fell down” to a 6.42, the third highest average this semester. Munro maintained that regardless of his consistently high index, it was still a “matter of luck— just consistent luck. I take courses I like and naturally do better in them.” Munro is a member of Pi Kappa Phi social fraternity, is active in Scrivener club and earned numerals in squash. Leading the co-eds, and the first co-ed to beat 6.0 in over three semesters, Jeanne Horwitz, of Lafayette, averaged 6.17. The list of distinguished students appears elsewhere in this issue of the Exponent. Distinguished students may get their refunds at the cashier’s office in the Executive building, according to a statement by W. W. Hollensbe, University
cashier.
Marriage Too Easy Says Parkinson At Third Marital Talk “We need legislation making it more difficult to get married,” said Judge W. L. Parkinson, of the Lafayette Circuit Court, addressing seniors in the third marital lecttnre in Fowler Hall yesterday. He emphasized that what we need is not., more lenient divorce laws but stricter marriage qualifications. Covering “Marriage as Seen by a Trial Judge,” Parkinson dealt almost entirely with the divorce situation since that is the problem with which he is most commonly faced. He laid the rapid increase ilt divorces to three cardinal causes, all of which have their roots in too hasty marriage. In order of importance, the reasons are: (1) lack of fimds, (2) excessive use of intoxicating liquors, and (3) the sex
problem,
“I’m not saying that divorce is not all right,” Judge Parkinson continued, “but those cases in which it is necessary are in the minority.” In proving his stand on stricter marriage, Parkinson used the answer to the question of “Why They Married” of fifteen young women whom he divorced in his court. Their answers tabulated: nine did not know; three, necessity; two thought they liked the man they ‘ married, and one believed she was
in love.
The remaining lectures are open to men only and will be given on April 11 and 18 in the EE lecture
room.
J. J. Davis... . . , Head of the entomology department, and Glen Lehker, entomology extension specialist, left last night for Minneapolis, Minn., to spend the rest of the week attending the North Central States Entomological meeting. Both will appear on the program.
Exponent Traces Its Ancestry Through Fifty Years Of University History
Monthly Publication WasCreatedln1889 Fifty years ago Exponent made its first appearance as a 26 page monthly publication, bound with a heavy paper cover. Pages measured 7% by 10 inches, with double columns of type. The paper was written by the four literary societies of that time, Philalethean, Irving, Caryle, and Emersonian. Miss A. Eugenia Vater, Philalethean, was editor-in-chief of the first issue. In 1898 the first weekly edition appeared, and the paper began to look more like a newspaper and less like a literary magazine. That year the magazine-form was dropped, and a 4 column paper, 12% by 19 inches in size, appeared, with J. Clarence Ballard as editor-in-chief. Next year, however, Exponent returned to its old size. First Dailyi F. E. Lister edited the n^a dailj which appeared as a pa^ per, 12% by 18% inches, in 1906. In these early papers, long columns of “locals” were used to fill
up space. Typical examples were: “Clark Williams, ’99, is wearing a sweater.” “Ford, ’01, missed school Monday on account of illness.” “The post-graduate English course has completed the work on Chaucer and will now take up Wordsworth.” Fifty Page Magazine From 1897-98, the year before the first weekly appeared. Exponent appeared in hook -form, printed on pages 6 by 9 inches. Because of the smaller page size, the number of pages increased, occasionally reaching fifty. Names of literary organizations to which the staff belonged were first omitted from the fiag during the year 1902-03. Until 1903 the entire University staff was listed on the back cover or elsewhere in the Exponent, but in the fall of this year the practice was dropped. The familiar “Notice” column started in 1908, replaci^ the old I'ni^l^si^ CakncJatj” Jm^909-10 ^ailGHefth RlN’1^ef3 on the ^nlwpgl aBd inMOKMJ “News of the WOTld”*" appeare^^n page three under a special two-column
head.
In 1913, the paper expanded
Today Exponent celebrates its Golden Anniversary, for fifty years ago, on December 15,1889, volume I, No. 1 of the monthly Purdue Exponent appeared before the student body. Exponent’s sister publication, the Pnrdue, preceded it by several years, but soon ceased tp appear. Nine years later, in 1898, Exponent became a weekly and became a daily eight years after this, in 1906. This article chronologically traces the paper’s history from its first edition to the 12 page special which Exponent publishes today. This issue contains special feature articles which the entire staif hopes you will enjoy
^gain, to six columns, 14% inches wide, its present width. A “Women’s Section” appeared on page two, first sign of a regular co-ed staff. The office of sports editor was created in 1917-18, and Robert J. Kriegei was first to hold this important post. In these war years a military column was printed, published under supervision of the military depart-
1^8—5J<rPaper^ No paper was published during the first semester, 1918-19. Publication was impossible because prac-
tically all of the staff was .enrolled in the SATC or in training camps elsewhere. In the fall of 1919 the Exponent expanded to 20% inches in height, growing to its present size. A front page “News Digest” first appeared that year, and was continued until 1923. “Bold and Black,” by Klox, first appeared with a large question mark as its head on January 4, 1923, and a mfiz^-^s offared^pr^^naoje* I PCenMam^i^s sd^edMnd j IaJeare^^ove^^ o Bp Ja| ary 9. Significant changes appeared in the editorial page in 1924-25, when a two column flag and two column.
10 point editorials were used, for easier reading over the 8 point body type. Full-size comic sti’ips appeared in 1923-24 and 1924-25; ' “Billy Stiff,” a prankish college student, the first year, and “The Family Next Door” the second year. In 1925 the Exponent reverted back to the old one column, 8 point editorial page. First Razz Edition The first “Razz Edition” appeared on April Fool’s Day, April 1, 1927, and was edited by Sigma Delta Chi, journalistic honorary. “From Other Campuses,” similar to present “Collegiate,” and a society column first appeared that year. In 1930-31 the two column fiag and 10 point editorials were revived. Most important advancement in many years was made in 1933-34, when page 3 was taken over by the sports staff. That year the paper expanded still more to 7 columns, 15% by 22%yiiJ^ il^otal/sizs the largest it] torials, Co-ec Editors” were s? a column and a half. “Bold and Black” was moved from page 3 to page 2, and a “Classified Ad” sec-
First Daily Appeared > In Winter Of 1906-07 tion was started on the back page. Depression hit the Exponent in 1934, and that fall the staff tried to economize by putting out a tabloidsize paper, 5 columns, 12 by 17 inches in size. Sunday papers with the “Collegiate Digest” were in- , disfavor, and the n^t semester the Exponent returned to its present size, but a Sunday paper was nol included on the publication scheduOteFew changes occurred in 1936-37* but in the s\nnmer of 1937 R. P. Manion published the first. Summer Session Exponent editions. Pilling a campus need, this was again repeated successfully last summer by present editor Harris Stanback. Last year Exponent again started t/p^ish a Smday paper. It wais blcjpbzdnK columns, 11 by 14 JchJ|JS»s^rif, easy to read fi^dule Was adopted, and column rides were dropped for the first time with the issue of March 1, 1988.1^
^dikhuxL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
w
l^uxiuJuiJL
Thuraday, March 23# 1939
>> '.t
Fifty Years Of Exponent... . . . will have entered the dusty files of bound volumes when this year’s staff takes leave of office. The school year 1938-39 is Exponent’s Golden Anniversary year, and we celebrate today with a special souvenir edition. Through the half-century the Exponent has rendered almost constant service to its reading public—the faculty and students of Purdue University. Only one semester in the hundred has seen the campus without its official news organ, and the lapse then was due to the fact that most of the staff took up wartime duties. Starting as a monthly publication, the Exponent quickly grew into the daily paper it has been since 1906. Since September, 1937, the paper has been printed more often than ever before. In addition to the Sunday papers, a regular size Summer Session Exponent is now on the schedule. Each of the fifty staffs has had one great" goal during its year in office . . . that goal was to leave its mark in the form of discernible improvement. Most of the staffs have succeeded in this, but few as well as the staffs of recent years. It is perhaps appropriate that this staff, today make use of two colors in printing the paper. In the last few years the Exponent has adopted dozens of changes which have lead to* modernification and “streamlining.” Progressive commercial newspapers have been doing the same thing in the large cities. In experimenting with color this morning, the Exponent ie doing what we predict many large dailies will be doing a decade from now. The staff is getting a lot of satisfaction from celebrating its Golden Anniversary today, especially because it is printing the best and most modern paper it knows how. Much of the material in this issue concerns Exponent history. Publishing this is our way of paying tribute to the 49 hard-working staffs which have preceded us. Every good feature
the Purdue Exponent l^ntered as Second dass matter at the itost ofliee In Lafayette, Indiana, under the aet of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage proTided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular acadonie year and wedcly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor — L. 8. Hardin City Editor - -D. A. Bailey Associate Editors_Q. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—R. Ahlf, R. Beer, R. DeHoog, Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, R. Howard, C_. Leber, R Massey, J. McKee, C. McKeighan, M. Miers, M. Patterson, R. Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A.
Yates.
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager — M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager — ... E. M. Antonin! Circulation Manager — — W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF . Sally McKee
Editor
Associate-Editors—
Joy Johnson,
Georgeann Schilling, Bet^ Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor K. L. McDonald Associate Editors — — J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
the paper has today has come as the result of their undying attempts for progress and betterment. It is our wish this year that we may contribute our one-fiftieth share . . . and then, in May, hand over the reins to Staff Number Fifty-one, which will begin Exponent’s second half-century.
THE ROYAL ORDER OP FISH Preamble . . . Many a man has loved and lost, Sucker to a woman who him has bossed; Here on the campus our eds have been bled, Hooked by goons who clammer to be fed . , . Constitution . . . A. Bill of Rights— 1. The co-eds have them all. B. Purpose— 1. To provide suitable environment so that Purdue eds may perfect thenpiselves in the ait of becoming bigger and better fish. C. Methods— 1. Use the love angle. 2. Let her drink you under the table. 3. Be on time so that you can wait. 4. Keep every date open for her. 5. Tell the goon she is beautiful. 6. Send her poetry. 7. Send her flowers. 8. Call her up thrice daily. 9. Carry all books and meet her at classes. D. Compensation— 1. There is none. 2. There is no more. 3. Isn’t that enough ?
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liciity
‘Don’t forget to fill the ice trays again—^you know you’ll want some cubes for your head in the morning!”
.Organization and Purpose of the Club— 1— To meet on co-ed bid nights for a whopper stag party. No women allowed or (while the cat’s away, the fish will play). 2— Refreshments are limited to soft drinks only, as you must save your money for future dates with
the same co-ed when she is not busy. Membership— Charter members: 1. Jim “Bluegill” Ashton. 2. T. “Pike” Dakin. 3. B. H. “Sunfish” Burns. 4. C. C. “Blow-fish Schmuck. 5. J. M. “Flounder-fish” Rudolph. 6. G. E. “Sucker” Glover.
Architect Drawings Tell What Completed Two Million Dollar Union Will Contain
By D. G. Terrio Today law, wooden forms for pouring concrete mushroom toward the sky from great holes beside the Memoi'ial Union Building. When completed by November 10, contract time, these new Union additions will double the building’s present size, increase its value to over two million dollars. Sweet Shop “Joes” may revel in the knowledge that their favorite stamping ground will be increased to three times its present size. Cafeteria space will be tripled, enabling 700 persons to dine at one time. Betty Co-ed may have her tresses trimmed in the Beauty Salon without stepping off the campus. A Coffee Shop is included in the new plans. The new ballroom will connect with the present ballroom, doubling floor space. Twenty new activity rooms and 12 or 14 photographic dark rooms will be furnished. Four Levels The new addition will have four levels; sub - basement, basement, main floor, and second floor. The West addition will extend the building 75 feet toward the Library. This addition will then continue north, turning to form a new ballroom running east and west and making the whole T-shaped. The new residence wing addition will be built at the rear of the present wing, continuing to the north. This addition will contain 60 rooms. On each floor of the main building the present east-west corridor will be extended until it is 265 feet long, 15 feet wide all the way. A new north-south corridor will intersect with this, 260 feet long and 16 feet wide. Three new entrances will be constructed. v New West Tower Centered on the long dimension of the present ballroom will be the West Tower entrance, similar in design but slightly smaller than Memorial Tower. Another entrance will be built in the same relative position as the west entrance which •is now closed, 75 feet further west. At the north end of the addition, facing Heavilon Hall, a third entrance to the addition will be coastructed. Detailed description of the completed building would take up many pages, but let’s start at the subbasement and work up to the second floor, noting nature and position of the various new rooms and Abilities. Reference to the drawing will help make certain points cleared to the reader. Sub-basement A passageway will connect the 10
new bowling alleys, now nearing completion, to the sub-basement of the new addition. On this level will be ten activity rooms, the dark rooms, and much storage and service space for the building. Present sub-basement storage space will remain unchanged. The north-south corridor will be flanked on both sides by activity rooms. In the southwest corner a large 50x60 foot room vdll house an activity. On the east side of the corridor toward the front a 30x60 foot activity room will be built, and eight 15x30 foot activity rooms will line the west side. The Union workshop will take over a 45x60 foot room at the north end of the corridor on the east side. At the northwest corner of every floor a women’s lounge will be furnished, with an attached restroom. A men’s lavatory will be built on every floor just'north of the West Tower. Basement The cafeteria will be extended to the new west wall, retaining present tray service units. On the west side of the north-south corridor another section of the cafeteria will continue north to the descending tower stairs. Sweet Shop will expand west and south to take over all floor space under the tower. It will contain 22 new booths and a round table for 6 in a sunlit bay; one hundred and twenty-six people may be seated here at one time. The new fountain will be rectangular in shape, with soda-jerke^ in the middle, and will measure 88 feet around its outer edge. Opposite the women’s lounge a Coffee Shop will appeal to lightluncheis. A new tray service unit and dish-washing room will be built opposite the cafeteria addition, on the east side of the corridor. Main Floor Topping the new features of the main floor will be the ballroom addition. It will have its long dimension centered on the north end of the present ballroom, producing the T-shape. An opening 28 feet wide will connect the ballrooms. The halls may be separated into individual units by lowering a huge soundproof door which will I'un .“itraight up into the roof. ^ Diiectly opposite the West Tower entrance ;will be a new foyer and entrance to the ballroom. Two light courts will be provided, on either side of the ballroom entrance, between ballroom and corridor. No) th of West Tower, on the west
side of the north-south corridor, a 60x22 foot check room will be in operation. To the west of the present ballroom a much enlarged serving kitchen and dish-washing room will connect with both ballrooms. Three new light courts, or “wells,” will provide sunlight for the present ballroom, adjacent looms, and corridors on main and second floors. They will be located as shown in the diagram. Enlarged Lounge Entire southwest portion of this floor will be taken over by the enlarged main lounge. North of the new southwest entrance the Alumni Association will be quartered in a suite 30x76 feet, including reception room, mimeograph room, and offices convenient to the main lounge. South of West Tower another 45x80 foot lounge will be furnished. On the east side of the corridor, opposite the Alumni Association, exhibit rooms and meeting or activity rooms will be constructed. Second Floor Ascending stairs opposite the West Tower entrance will lead to the second floor, flanking both sides of the ballroom entrance. The West Tower will extend two floors in height, as Memorial Tower now does, and will also be surmounted by another room. A new lounge will be furnished in the southwest corner of this floor, 75x30 feet in size. Folding doors will connect it with the present faculty lounge, allowing a 16 foot wide opening. The present second floor north-south corridor will be taken over by a double size Chestnut
room.
Nine activities rooms, 30x15 feet, will line the west side of the northsouth corridor. The Beauty Salon will be adjacent to the corner women’s lounge, also on the west side of the corridor. New Ballroom Differs Exterior appearance will carry out the character of the present building, with gables and bays. The new ballroom will have a different ceiling tx-eatment than the present ballroom, and will be illuminated by indirect lighting. Pood and other necessities supplied for the building will be brought in by trucks down a ramp at the rear of the building to a receiving platform at the basement
level.
Parking Space Provided A new black-top drive will extend north from State street, connecting with the present Eliza Fowler drive and continuing north be-
tween the Libi'ary and Union to a pai’king space behind the Union Building. Space will be available for about 100 cars, and a connecting drive will also be laid from Univer-
sity street into the parking area. Twenty rooms will be contained on each of the three floors in the new residence wing. In the northwest coiner of each floor a pai’lor
suite with bay windows will overlook the campus. Six double rooms will also be constructed on each floor, and all rooms will be equipp^ed with showers.
f
PUDDUt MLMODIAL- UNDN bUILDINO •WALTER SCHOLEa-ADCHirCCT - UFAVETTE , INDIANA • ’ SCALE-IN-PELT-k:-'.
Thursday, March 23, 1939
Prof. 0. Greiner Thinks Exponent Writers Would Do A Better Job Making Boilers
By R. G. Beer “An uninformed reader would get the Opinion that Exponent editors must be Boilermakers, not only in name, but in fact,” was the preliminary comment of Prof. Otto A. Greiner, of the Modern Language department, when asked to express his opinion of this paper. The professor proved to be most obliging. Fortified with a stack of marked-up papers, he proceeded without mincing words or pulling his punches, to enumerate' the things which he considers most obnoxious. The most disconcerting thing of all was that he backed up each charge with a specific example taken from his stack of papren. Objects To Language “My main objection to the papei’,” he said, “is the language. That is, I feel that the Exponent staff should go over the articles and eliminate the errors of inelegance, impropriety, and bad taste. There is no excuse for the language of a college paper being the same as that which might be expected from a high school papei*.* In fact, Prof. Greiner’s objections
to the Exponent’s language are so strong that he will not allow it to be sent to the high school from which he was graduated. “If it was sent anyway,” he said, “I would protest to the authorities. It has a vicious influence.” According to Prof. Greiner, “A college paper should represent the English used by the highest and best types of students in the school, not the lowest. It would be awful to think that the Exponent represents the best at Purdue.”/ Bold and Black he dismissed with little comment, as if it were beneath scorn. “Small town stuff” was the term with which he designated it. What, No FDR? However, the professor waxed more eloquent concerning the lack of respect with which the Exponent treats outstanding people. For instance, the President should never be referred to as FDR in a serious story. The omission of a title, even Mr. or Mrs., denotes lack of respect. Realizing that no criticism would be fair without suggesting reme-
dies, Prof. Greiner mentioned some methods of correcting our numerous evils: “A legitimate column on the order of ‘Bold and Black’ should .be of University wide interest, and should not contain all this petty stuff about people whom nobody knows. Above all, it sliould be humorous.” Summing^everything up, the professor said, “My whole opinion in a nutshell is that the students would profit by it if they would insist on having capable juniors and seniors go over the paper and make it seem as if it had not been written by the more imrefined element of the school.” Proms Of Yesteryear Featured Fraternity Parties, And Imports From 1905 to 1939 has evolved the history of Junior Proms at Purdue. During the early years elaborate plans were made for this most important of^ll social functions. Fraternity house parties, how out
THE FDBDUE EXPONENT
DRAMATIC FIREBRAND... fighting for life and love on America’s toughest street!
TODAY-FRIDAY
MARS
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
■ and —
mmrm and ins horse “White Flash;
A Drand NatfawM pktnra
ALSO 'FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS/' Serial
Debris Policy Xl h) maluL cl fUiioL dmdlinsL amt jthuL
it.
Onlsf CL UmibuL nwfL~ bsUL jd/. CDsdyJuA. ojlaciIsl ctL$5.00 DEBRIS
of existence, generally accompanied other festivities of the week. Prom In ME Building In the soft glow of mercury lights in the Mechanical Engineering drafting room, couples danced and munched on heavy refreshments. A model menu in 1912 included deviled ham sandwiches, chicken salad, pickles and olives, coffee and punch, pineapple ice, and cake. Imagine seeing two columns of impoi’ts listed on the front page of the Exponent! As late as 1916 practically every date for the Prom came from off the campus. Special transportation facilities were scheduled weeks in advance. ‘ Black And Gold Black and gold decorations have been a favorite throughout the years. However, in 1909 30 American flags provided a patriotic atmosphere for dancers, while in 1914 a Japanese motif was used. Miss Prudence Jackson, of Lafayette, led the grand marches of both 1908 and 1909. Her distinction of having this honor twice has never
ADVANCED CLASS IN TAP DANCING Opens Tonight- 6:30 P. M. BEGINNER'S TAP CLASS Friday, March 24,6:30 P. M. CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN IN BALLET, TAP, BALLROOM SATURDAY, MARCH 25th ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
IMaiiI
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE IPacked to the \brim with melody ^ and romance!
B Q B BY BflilN
with CHARLIE RU<r<HES DOLORES COSTELLO ROBERT BARRAT DOROTHY PETERSON BtlLY GILBERT CHARLIE MURRAY and the world’s youngtst\ Ice Skater IRENE DARE.. SgRKO SI RADIO SiiPicturo
— PLUS
BLANCHE MEHAFFEY GRANT WITHERS JACK MULHALL
-EXTRAMICKEY MOUSE
— COMING — LOVE AFFAIR — WITH — Irene Charles DUNNE BOYER
'39 Grad Gazes At Radically Modern Purdue Campus Of *49
Editor’s Note: This storr is merely the figment of a busy imagination. The predictions it makes do not necessarily follow the University’s plans for the future. In fact we might well say that any resemblance this story bears to the truth, living or dead, is purely an hallucination. By Janet Pickering ’Tis 1949. We gasp with amazement at the I’adical changes which have taken place at Purdue University within the last ten years. “It’s great to be back once more,” we think and look admiringly at the stately Executive Building. We are standing beside a lovely fountain which ornaments the cirde in the drive leading to the Executive
been equalled. Another woman Unusual in this connection was M5ss Mary Praten, first co-ed to head the Prom committee in 1920. “That Wild, Wild Woman” “Hold Tight” may strike the heart of promenaders this year, but in I9I6 “The Junior Hesitation, cohiposed by J. S. Leach, ’16, was the hit of the evening. Other popular numbers during the war were “Kiss Me” and “That Wild, Wild Woman.” String music in 1905 by an opera house orchestra - has been transformed to swing melpdies of pres-ent-day name bands. Since ten years ago, two orchestras have '"always been engaged for the night. Hal Kemp was here in 1934; Kay Kyser in 1935 and Benny Goodman in 1936. Back from the past and on with the present. What does 1939 hold in store for Prom-goers ?
LUDIA TODAY-FRIDAY SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN PICTURES
Robbers Now Invade the Air
mmt
^smt wiih KENT TAYLOR - ROCHELLE HUDSON
.PLUS-
Slil6LE- 1 HANDED HE FORGED THE PLAINS!
20c UNTIL 6:00 After 6:00: 10c-20c-25c
THE GRANDEST OENT EVER TO DECORATE A PALM-STREWN BEACH ... and capture a South Sea maiden's hearti
—TODAYFRI. - SAT.
Building. Glancing up from the fountain we notice the ivy climbing gracefully up the Chemical Engineering Building. We are reminded that the Chem Building was completed in 1939 and virtually started the campus sweeping northward. / Purdue Hall Landmark Of course you remember those huge stone blocks which stood uncarved just above the main entrance of the Union Building, don’t you? Well, they’re impressive statues now. And the Fieldhouse—it was enlarged in 1941. That was the year the Modern Language Department and the Department Of Applied Mechanics got a new building. You _§^ee, Purdue Hall was built way back in 1873 under John Purdue’s direction. It is preserved as one of the landmarks of the campus, but it is much too old to use for classrooms. Summer School Popular ? We are awed by the huge auditorium of the Music Hall. “Wasn’t it in 1943 that , the most gifted singer of our generation, sang here?” we ask. Leaving the Music Hall we drive up past the stadium to Purdue Chapel which stands on a lovely wooded knoll overlooking the out-door swimming pool. “Summer school has become very popular since the outdoor swimming pool was completed,” we are told. What, No (fords? Students have changed, too, at Purdue, we observe. No longer do we see the senior cords that were worn until 1943. Buttons, pockets, collars and ties have vanished. But, then, ties never were prominent on the Purdue campus we remember. The Boilermakers of 1949 wear soft one-piece suits which zip on conveniently. We recognize seniors by their royal purple arm hands. In place of the old fashioned gold and black Gimlet hats the “Big-Shots” were specially designed antenna which are really radios. No Finals! By the way, finals shave been eliminated, tdo. The professors now use “Finalometers” which act somewhat like an X-ray. There are different types for each course. When a student is subjected to a “Finalometer” the pi'ofessor may see whether he has absoi'bed enough to pass the couise. Of course these exacting professor-saving machines register the amount the student has absorbed so that the professor may have no doubts about his grade. As we write this from the new Exponent offices in the now monstrous Union building we look back on our student days at Purdue.
BOYD AND HER '5i$TERSoF$WING
• ON THE SCREEN • GRABBING RARE GEMS ...OUTSIDE THE LAW!THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, March 23, 1939
Carnival Begins In FieldSiouse Tonight At 7:30
500 Contestants Entered In Annual
Event; Purdue Meets IU Ping-Pongers
With approximately 500 contestants entered in the program’s 12 events, exclusive of the Silver Derby, the University fun-filled athletic carnival gets underway tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the Fieldhouse proper with a schedule of various track,
field and novelty events.
Included on the carnival’s program, which has yearly been one of the highlights of the intramural sports program, will be 52 half-mile relay teams, 40 tug of war contingents, 11 twomen walking squads, and individual entries in the football pass; 440-yard run, 10; wrestling, 15 bouts; boxing, 15 bouts; and Golden Gloves fighters’ exhibitions; power pull, 35; golf putting, 125, and mile-run, 15, ' ' -
are the the
Other features on the card weight lifting- exhibitions bystate champions representing Kokomo WPA recreational department. as well as clown stunts by various fraternities. The entire floor of the Fieldhouse will be utilized at all times. At the east end of the Fieldhouse, five of Pui due’s table tennis players will cross racquets Svith a team of flve from Indiana. Use Two Tracks At the other end of the floor in two rings will be boxing and wrestling matches during the entire evening to determine the respective weight champions. The center of the Fieldhouse will be occupied with clown stutits, a power pull, and a series of tugs of war. Two tracks will encircle the events in the center. On the regular dirt track will be held the running track events. Silver Derby Relays will be I'un around an inner dirt track. Four fraternities will be entered in each Silver Derby Relay. Wheelbarrow, horseback, crutch, sack, three-legged, barrel, and bicycle -races will be Included in the eight }-elays. RELAYS Outside Track
Today
!:00-
!:05-
-Theta Xi, Pi Kappa Alpha, SiKma Alpha Epsilon, Theta Chi, Phi Sigma
Kappa.
-Theta Tau, Beta Sigma Psi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Tau Epsilon Phi, Phi
Pi Phi.
8:10—One mile run. 8:15—Co-ed walking race. 8 :20—Fraternity walking race. 8 :25—Ward Relays. 8:30—440 yard run. 8 :40—Fraternity Relays. Winners 1, 2, 3, 4 heats. 8:45—Fraternity Relays. Winner.s 5. 6, 7, 8 heats.' 8:50—Ward walking race. 9 :00—Fraternity Relay Finals.
Harry 'Allspaw, golf instructor, will give group instruction lessons to members of the Purdue Women’s Club Wednesday, at 9 a. m. in Memorial Gymnasium, when the club will meet to organize its golf program. All members of the Purdue Women’s Club are eligible for membership, and those interested may telephone Mrs. Sam Voinoff,
51761, 432 Russell street.
SILVER DERBY EVENTS "(Inside Track) 7 :35—Wheelbarrow. 7 :45 —Three Le,g. 7 :55— Bicycle. 8 :05 —Sack. 8:15- Barrel. 8 :25—Horseback. 8:35—Stilts. 8:4.5—Crutch.
Boilermaker Ball Games
POWER PULL -All Conte.stants Assemble. 4 best times will be given final time trial.
Billiards infrodyced By Peterson In 1931
The Boilermaker baseball contingent faces an attractive schedule this spring that opens with a Southern training trip during spring vacation and opens here with an exhibition game against the Pittsburgh
Pirates on April 15.
The complete schedule follows: April 3-4-5—At Louisiana Tech. April 6—At Mississippi College.
7 :30—Alpha Chi Rho, Phi Kappa, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Kappa Psi. 7 :35—Alpha Tau Omega, Delta Upsilon, Phi Kappa Sigma, Kappa Delta Rho. 7 :40—Alpha Gamma Rho, Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Gamma Delta, Beta Theta Pi. 7:45—Delta Chi, Phi Kappa Tau, Kappa Sigma, Delta Tau Delta. 7 :.50—Acacia, Alpha Kappa Lambda, Sigma Chi, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Pi Kappa
Phi.
7 :55—Triangle, Sigma Pi, Sigma Nu, Sigma Alpha Mu.
By George Doty Billiards first came into its own at Purdue in 1931 when Charles Peterson, National Billiard champ, came here and organized the first all-campus tournament held on this campus. In this tourney two men proved themselves outstanding in straight rail billiards. These two men, George Hunter and Lee Purcell, were joined the next year by S. M. Cohee, and the three succeeded in winning the intercollegiate straight rail billiard title. Purcell and Hunter graduated in 1935 and were succeeded the following year by M. H. Ingleman. Cohee
April T-8 —At Alabama. April 15—Pittsburgh Pirates here. April 17-18—At Iowa. April 21-22--Chicago here. April 26—At Notre Dame. April 28-29---Western Illinois here. May 5-6—Indiana here.
May 8- -Wabash. May 9—Butler here.
May 12-13—At Ohio Stale. May 16—Notre Dame here. May 19-20—Wabash here*!—
May 23^—At Butler.
graduated in 1936 and up till the time he graduated was the best billiard player ever at Purdue with over 200 straight rails to his credit.
In 1,937 Ingleman developed his skill so that he made 312 straight rails and in 1938 progressed even farther to make a record run of 407 straight rails. In 1937 and ’38 his first semesters were marred by sickness so that he was unable to play
on the team.
MAKE YOUR BIG Evening an occasion of glamour and gayety . . . wear a gown that 4V makes a heroine of you!
■Jy jv • rvY’
Gossamer gowns that run the gamut of formality from the shirtwaist ensemble with dinner skirt to the exquisitely decollete gown with or without jacket.
You'll find o host of lovely formols at Loeb's.'
$
10
.95 to $59.50
See the new Little Girl Dress os featured in the March 20th issue of Life ... a shirtwaist dinner dress that is fragile and feminine without being fussy.
Almost Everyone Shops at
lOEB&WENE COMPANY
QhoksL
125 Swimming Pool Operators Discuss Operation, Maintenance Problems Here
By Bruce Witwer
Purdue Women's Club Will Receive Golf Insfruction
So in spirit with'Yoday’s edition we went over to the Library yesterday and carefully perused the dusty old tomes of ancient Exponent vintage . . . while we were trying to concentrate on sports and keep from being abstracted by the shockingly indecent ads for long underwear, we uncovered the following bits of historic note. —^fc— Probably the biggest shock ..we have suffered in years shivered through us as we realized the following fact ... in the past 30 years Purdue has suffered a change of sex . . .’s truth so help us . . . we quote from the Exponent of June 2, 1899 ...“.. while he is on HER track teaiji Purdue may be sure now Purdue is simply known as an “it” ... in time we’ll probably become known as “he” then we’ll come into our own . . . whoever heard of a she Boilermaker . . . tsk! —fc— It sems that booing and hissing is a historical standard and not simply a modern occurrence . . . the paper carried an editorial on May 10, 1899 about a student display at a track meet.with Notre Dame . . . thirty years later we’re still writing editorials about it . . . looks like we’re in a rut. —fc— Track meets in 1899 used to feature bicycle races for the mile and two-mile . . . we still have some throwbacks who tear around the campus now as if they were in intensive training for such races . . . nominees for the “Born 30 Years Too Late” hall of fame.
Problems of both private and public swimming pools were considered by approximately 125 operators from all parts of the state attending the second annual Conference on Operation and Maintenance of Swimming Pools, in the Fieldhouse yesterday. The conference was sponsored jointly by the University and the Bureau of Sanitary Engineering of the Indiana State Board of
Riveters To Play Intra-Squad Ball
Health.
Contest Saturday
state regulations, and problems of operation and maintenance, were discussed by B. A. Poole and Carl Schulmeyer, chief engineer and assistant engineer, respectively, of the state board.
Boilermaker baseball aspirants will make their first appearance of the season in a regulation intrasquad game scheduled for Saturday afternoon at 1:30 o’clock, it was announced today by Head Coach William “Dutch” Fehring.
For the purposes of the game, the squad will be split into two groups, the “Golds” arid the “Blacks,” with veterans predominating on the Gold combination and newcomers on the Black nine.
GOLDS Hearnes, 2b Dickinson, cf Smithson, lb Mackiewicz, 3b Thompson, ss Dean, rf Stamm, If Art Bredewater, c Doan, p
BLACKS Lyboult, 2b Veron, cf Kurtz, If Danowski, lb Doherty, rf Fisher, c Correll, 3b Igney, ss Warner, p
As relief hurlers, who will take their turns on the mound, the Golds will have Ruppert and Navta, while Yeager is slated for an appearance behind the bat.
Pool Problems Outlined Specialized problems of the private pool were outlined by J. H. Makin, of the Riviera Club, Indianapolis; public pools, N. W. Swayzee, Vincennes; Y. M. C. A. pools, Victor G. Rose, Anderson, and college pools. Miss E. Audrey Callander, Butler University. As the concluding feature of the morning session, Prof. H. G. DeKay, of the Purdue pharmacy school, outlined methods of controlling athlete’s foot. C. A. Hyatt, swimming pool sanitarian of the Illinois Department of Public Health, opened the afternoon program with a detailed discussion of sanitation measures, following which Poole, in his second address of the day, explained the “why and how” of water testing. Clevett Speaks Methods of developing swimming campaigns and entertainment features were outlined by M. L. Clevett, University intramural director, while publicity methods were presented by T. R. Johnston, University publicity director. The conference came to a close with a panel discussion led by Schulmeyer.
ARE YOU SATISFIED
WITH YOUR APPEARANCE?
Modern Progress requires better Personal Appearance. First impressions always count the most so be sure your clothes are always fresh and well cleaned.
Crown Cleaning service might easily be termed Luxury Cleaning—every morning is a good morning in a Crown Pressed Suit. A man goes to his classes feeling better—the whole day seems brighter. in Crown Cleaning, your clothes are also mothproofed at the same time by Monite Moth-proofing Process — they are pressed by the Form-Prest Method — they are checked for missing buttons and other important details.
Clothes live longer when cleaned regularly by Crown's scientific method.
Buy good clothes and you automatically cut down on your clothes budget — have them Crown Cleaned and be sure they are safe.
@R0WN
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL'' ^
^
Thursday, March 23, 1939
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
'^T-'
Baseball History Presents Unusual Retrospect
Brilliant Record Made By Fencing Squad Since '24 By Seymour Lutzky “In addition to the regular gymnastic events, there will be three fencing matches,” said Purdue Exponent, February, 1925. Buried beneath notices of Coach Clevett’s gymnastic squad, Purdue’s fencing team grew slowly but surely until today it ranks as a constant Big Ten crown contender. Started in 1924 by a group of fencing enthusiasts‘under the direction of Coach Staley, the embryonic team won third place in the Big Ten Conference final held at Chicago. During their 1925 season they traveled as part of the gymnastic squad and met the same teams that the “turners” met. At midseason they lost their coach, but managed to obtain another, Coach Beck, who led them into a fourth place position in the finals. Bad Years —^ i ■ ■■
Then the fencers fell into the doldrums. They lost their coach and the University provided no substitute, so their captains doubled up and took'on the coaching position. During 1926, Captain Winks, led them thrdugh their program while in 1927, Captain Phillips aided his men to fight against their Big Ten rivals. In 1928, Captain Huxtable prepared to continue the job of his piedecessors but in the latter part of the season, Lieut. Robert Hollis became the fencer’s mehtor. When Lieut. Hollis took charge, Purdue hadn’t entered any team in the Big Ten finals for three years, so he led up to his gradually in 1929 by starting his fencers in the individual events of the Indiana-Kentucky A. A. U. meet. During the course of the season, they were quite successful, defeating both Northwestern and the Indianapolis Fencing Club. ^ Finney Aids Hollis With the aid of the present Coach Finney, then assistant coach, Lieut. Hollis’ charges defeated Wisconsin and Indianapolis in their first two matches of 1930 but were still considered too green to enter the finals of the Conference meet. However, in 1931 Coach Hollis stated “The squad is the best that has ever I’eplesented the University” and the fencers, heartened by the coach’s words, pioceeded to defeat Illinois and Ohio State, in their first two matches. The season progressed quite successfully, and the Riveter swordsmen continued on into the finals and gaineied a third place beith in the seven team battle at Illinois. Robards Star During 1932, the fencers continued their successes led by Captain Bert Robards, still coached by Lieut. Hollis. Robards was then considered an Olympic possibility in the saber event. Exponent files are vague as to their success, but they did defeat Indianapolis, Washington and Illinois universities on successive week ends. Lieut. Hollis was transferred bef01 e the 1^33 season had begun, but ambitious Boilermaker swordsmen paid their own expenses and competed "without a coach or University support. They met over seven teams during that time including Illinois, Noi thwestern, and Indianapolis. During 1934, they still had no coach and only engaged in two matches with St. Louis. The Univeisity came to the team’s recue in 1935 by offering both equipment and a new coach. Prof. Robert V. Finney, modern language instructor at the University. A revamped squad lost all the dual matches but tied foi fourth place at the Conference finals. All veterans having graduated during the past term. Coach Finney had to call for an e^rly turnout of new men. Despite mis, howevei, they were qnable to* do much in the conference picture during 1936. Present Squad Present seniors on the fencing team began their debut as sophomores on the 1937 squad which, although inexperienced, made a fairly good showing in the race. Scott McWilliams, placed fourth^ in the individual matches. As a prelude to the 1938 season, Purdue fencers ti avelled through the East meeting the best in Eastern competition. Although they failed to win a match, they gathered much needed experience which prompted Coach Finney to state that “Purdue had the second best team in the Conference.” Art Levin, Bob Meier and Myron
Sigma Delta Psi, Headed By Art Bodeau, Commences Second Decade At University
Purdue Ping Pong Dates Back To'14 By J. H. Loomis Although ping pong is a comparatively new sport on the campus, eveiy afternoon and evening sees a large number of enthusiasts making use of the excellent facilities offered in the Fieldhouse for enjoyment of this game. It was only 16 years ago, in 1914, when tables first were installed in Memorial Gym, and in those days ping pong was the object of ridicule on/the part of those who did not realize that long hours of practice are necessary to perfect the balance, speed, and wrist action essential for match play. Ping pong is of English origin; an offshoot of tennis and badminton. Since the early part of this century the game has been popular among the British, but only since 1928 has it achieved a popularity in Ameiica rivaling that of other indooi sports such as pool and billiai ds. According to records, Purdue’s first all-campus ping pong tournament was held in the spring of 1933 with N. C. George capturing the championship. Winner last year was A. M. Belfield, but who will take honois this year remains to be seen as match play is still in progress. A pmg pong club has been formed which has paiticipated in several intercollegiate matches. Recently the club defeated Indiana in a tournament which was a feature of the Cl earn and Crimson’s athletic carnival. Duke Dean To Speak At Forestry Banquet Dr. C. F. Korstian, dean of the Duke University forestry school and president of the Society of American Foresters, will speak at the tenth annual Forestry Club banquet tomorrow night at 6 in the Central Presbyterian Church. Dr. Korstian’s topic will be the “Present and Future Trends in the Forestry Profession.” Forestry Club presidents from Michigan, Michigan State, Ohio State, Yale University, and Harvard University have been invited to the banquet. A. G. Woods, state forester, will alsp be present. Indiana Conservation Department and local conservation club members have also been sent invitations. During the banquet a Keuffel & Esser compass will be awarded to the outstanding senior member of the club. The winner of the award, which is made annually by the club, was chosen at a meeting held Tuesday night. Tickets for the banquet may be obtained from any Forestry Club member.
By H. G. Goebel Twenty-seven years ago George Fitch, noted journalist of that time, spoke before the students of .Indiana University at a student gathering. Although the main topic of his speech was not remembered, it will be remembered that somewhere during his talk he turned away from his subject to tell of the superb system of physical education that he had seen in Sweden, and expressed a desire to see a similar system in the United States. Dr. Charles P. Hutchins, Director of Physical Education at Indiana University and William Lowe Bryan, University President, took his speech as a challenge. They organized the Alpha chapter of Sigma Delta Psi at Indiana, and invited many other universities to join with them in the idea. At the beginning, the honorary fraternity grew slowly. Among the other universities to accept a charter and give the organization added impetus were Yale and Minnesota. At the present time 43 universities in 19 different states have chapters. Purdue Chapter Organized Purdue received its charter and became a member on February 4, 1929. First Boilermakers to receive the insignia of the Gold Key were A. R. Curry and J. M. Brown. Since that time 22 Purdue men, have passed the numerous tests and have become members. Art Bodeau is President of the present Purdue chapter. Other officers of the local chapter are E. J. Wadleigh, Vice President, and D. W. Clugston, Secretary. Sigma Delta Psi is not an athletic booster club. It has as its aim the develop-
ment of physical and mental well being df the college student. Membership Requirements Membership may be gained into this Greek honorary by passing a number of required tests in different forms of athletics. Standards and times set in these events are not extremely difficult for a well trained, strong, and healthy youth. However, because the tests are so varied in nature, probably no student in the University could pass them all without spending some time and effort in developing skill in several tests. At the present time, events and standards in the events necessary for membership are running of the 100-yard dash in 11 3/5 seconds, 120-yard hurdles in 16 seconds, a running high jump of 5 feet, running broad jump of 17 feet, putting the 16 pound shot 30 feet, climbing a 20 foot rope in 12 seconds, either a baseball throw of 260 feet or a javelin throw of 130 feet, a football punt of 40 yards, a 100-yard swim in 1 minute and 45 seconds, a mile run in 6 minutes, a front handspring, a hand stand of 10 seconds, a chin high fence vault, good posture, and a passing scholastic index. Clevett National Officer Purdue men have also been known within the national organization. M. L. Clevett, Director of Intramural Athletics, was just elected for another three-year period as National Secretary-Treasurer. Sigma Delta Psi men are proud of their membership. To them their membership means that they are college men of the best physical type just as Phi Beta Kappa men are recognized as college men of the best intellectual type.
Seniors. Sophomores Play Premier Ball Game In '86 By Stewart Marquis From the very beginning, baseball at Purdue had to put up a battle to rank along with other sports in the minds of the more athletic-minded students. Before the entire nation thrilled to the crack of the bat, the scientific intricacies of perfectlyexecuted double plays, and the tense excitement of a closelycontested game. Boilermaker diamond enthusiasts had to content themselves With sandlot games and occasional class battles. —i—First mention of “America’s fav-
Captain
Varsity Debaters Leave Tomorrow For Michigan Meet The University debate squad will leave tomorrow for Madison, Wis., to take part m the annual Delta Sigma Rho debate tournament tomorrow and Saturday. This is to be the fourth Delta Sigma Rho tourney to be attended by the Purdue squad. Representing the University will be eight debaters, two affirmative teams and two negatives. Affirmative teams are Maurice Karnowsky and Don Paarlberg, Robert Skallerup and George Alward. Taking the negative will be Mark Keane and Joe Yamamoto, Seymour Udell and Gordon Belles. Belles, Udell, Skallerup, and Alward are all freshmen. Pump Priming All four teams will participate in three debates on the subject of “Pump Priming.” Debates will begin tomorrow evening, continue through Saturday morning and afternoon. The convention will close with a banquet Saturday evening, and the team will return Sunday. The debate will be under the dilection af Dr. H. L. Ewbank, Uni-
LaBree Issues Firs! Call For Tennis Men Facedvwith a tentative meet one week after returning from spring vacation, Larry LaBree, coach of the tennis team, is calling for all prospective varsity team members to report to his office at 4 o’clock this afternoon. Five conference meets, all away have been definitely scheduled while tentative meets to be definitely put on the schedule within a short time should bring the matches up to 13. There is the possibility of going to the State Meet as well as the Big Ten ^jieet in May, making a total of 16 prospective meets for this spring, the largest number in some years.
versity of Wisconsin debate coach and national president of Sigma Delta Rho. Chief reason for the squad attending the debate is that Prof. P. E. Lull, of the speech department, studied under Ewbank. In addition to debating, Joe Yamamoto will take part in an extemporaneous speaking contest beginning Friday noon. Accompanying the team will be Robert Horn, Robert King, and Prof. Lull, all of the speech department.
Baseball Captain Jimmy Thompson, one of the sparkling gems in Coach Dutch Fehring’s diamond collection, who this year will probably again hold down the shortstop position which he handled last season.
Gridders Prepare For Suicide Games With fine prospects for another successful grid season. Coach Mai Elward and his Battling Boilermakers continued preparing for their suicide schedule of next fall, at last night’s practice session. Experts are agreed that if the Purdue gridders can get through the first few games, including Notre Dame, Minnesota, and Northwestern, with one or no disheartening defeats, the Boilermakers will be well on their way to a rank among the best teams in the country. On the other hand a crushing defeat or two early in the season would probably have the opposite effect. With only Joe Mihal, Paul Humphreys, Tony Ippolito, and Jim Maloney missing from a combination that surprised grid experts all over the nation last fall, the Boilermakers have a world of strength in the returning regulars and frosh players. While Mihal’s loss will be felt in molding the starting line, Mai has fine material to plug the tackle holes with Timperman, who played heads up ball in a good many of the games last fall; Potter, who showed great defensive ability last season; Rossi, excellent sophomore candidate, and several fine frosh prospects. Perhaps the toughest problem to solve will be at the guard positions.
Burr Swezey Coaches First Golf Team
Stepath led the Boilermakers in their conference battles. In March, they took a third place in the foils finals at Chicago. This year’s team has been chronicled by the Exponent numerous times. Coach Finney’s hopes are high for his yearling squad of next year and Purdue is expected to show power in the fencing world. Among his proteges is a left-handed sabre wielder who is considered to be a strong threat despite his unorthodox form.
By R. O. Swaim Usheied m by the arrival of warm weathei, the Boileimaker golf team will tee off on its nineteenth campaign shoitly after April 1 with a tiio of engagements in the South. Looking back into the history of golf at Puidue, we find that it was fiist an intei collegiate sport in 1920 with Bull Sweezey as coach. Since its debut no Sarzens or Walter Hagens have developed among the Boileimakeis, but several men of outstanding ability have been lanked among the best amateurs of the country. Most prominent in this group is Johnny Lehman, ’28, who served three years on the Gold and Black golf teams. He is now one of the ranking golfers in Chicago amateur circles. While a junior at Purdue, Lehman led the team to the State
Intercollegiate Championship by shooting the lowest score in the tournament. The following year he captured highest honors in both State and Big Ten tournaments. A few years later he annexed the Western Amateur championship to his laurels. Bixler Made Coach Bill Bassett, formerly of Fort Wayne, who graduated less than a decade ago, also has an enviable record in golfing. His winnings include two years at the top of the field in the State Amateur tourney. Bassett’s tutoring at Purdue was administered by Ja\;k Bixler, who assumed the coaching reigns in 1928. With a team composed of Capt. Freese, John David, Gene Anderson, R. A. Baske, and Peterson, last year’s golfers had a win and loss
record of three and five, respectively. In the state meet they finished second to Notre Dame, while their standing was eighth in the Big Ten tournament. An important cog in the quintet was John David, who proved his ability during the past summer by capturing first individual honors in the State Junior Amateur tournament. Two years ago he finished third in the Big Ten meet, also ranking high in state amateur standings. Last summer, after coaching Boilermaker golf teams for ten consecutive years. Jack Bixler released his duties to Harry Allspaw, West Lafayette professional. With Capt. John David, the new coach, and promising underclassmen lay this year’s prospects of lifting the lifetime victory record of Puidue golf to the .500 mark.
orite pastime” in a Purdue publication was in an 1885 issue of The Purdue, predecessor of the present Exponent. In that year the freshmen won the unofficial class championship, norrowly beating the Juniors, who had thoroughly trounced the mighty seniors. In 1886 a Purdue reporter wrote: “A match game of baseball was played between the Seniors and the Sophomores, resulting in a score of 37 to 18 in favor of the Sophomores.” First Intercollegiate Competition Proving that baseball was rapidly becoming recognized as an exciting game, an 1888 P^urdue devoted two full pages to this up-and-coming sport. It gave first mention of a Purdue varsity nine whi^ completed a very successful season by beating the invincible Indiana University team, 3-2 to become the “champion college team of the state.” Throughout the first few years of baseball’s reign on the athletic schedule, the Boilermaker nines contented themselves with playing opponents from within the Hoosier state. Wabash, DePauw, Butler, Rose Poly, Indiana, Franklin, and Hanover appeared frequently on the Purdue diamond. By the late 1880’s a series of championship games was worked out within the confines of the state to decide the state champion nine. Attendance advanced from several straggling curiosityseekers to several hundreds of spectators. Two Leagues Formed In 1893, the Boilermakers first faced competition from outside the state. With the formation of the Western Inter-Collegiate Athletic Association, a carefully planned schedule was made with Purdue, Washington University, Illinois University, Lake Forest, Rose Poly, Illinois College, Iowa College, Northwestern, and Christian Brothers College as members. The games soon increased from four or five spur-of-the-moment battles to from 15 to 20 carefully planned contests. By the turn of the century the Purdue nine was meeting such teams as Nebraska, Notre Dame, Chicago, Northwestern, and Illinois in the Big Ten League. Through the first five years of of the century Boilermaker baseball teams began to make themselves known on the diamonds of the midwest. This rapid ascendency was climaxed by the winning of the championship of the Western Conference, which now became the Big Eight with the withdrawal of Michigan, in 1908 and 1909. The Purdue diamondmen broke several existing collegiate records by trouncing Butler 37-0 in 1908. Called “Slugging Boilermakers” Winning ten games out of a scheduled 13, the 1908 champs led by Coach Nicol placed four men on the All-Indiana team. Two of their defeats were by meager onepoint margins. This season was made even more successful by two victories over Indiana in as many games. Called the “Slugging Boilermakers,” the 1909 champs won ten straight games before being defeated. This Purdue aggregation finished its highly-successful season with a record of ll wins aainst two losses and a team batting average of .819. mini Wins in 1909 Bidding for its third straight conference championship, the 1909 team couldn’t function against a strong Illinois combination and finished in second place. Purdue’s only two defeats of the schedule were chalked up by the Illini. Coach Nicol managed Boilermaker baseball affairs from 1906 to Continued On Page 6TIffi PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday. March 23. 1939
i¥
How Much Does An Exponent Cost? Business Manager Tells All—Almost
By Sally McKee And R. R. Hensler Would the readers of the Exponent be interested in the cost of each issue of the paper? Thinking that they would, we called him who knows all such details and told him we would like to have the necessary information for such an article in this edition. The answer of Business Manager R. R. Hensler is: They ask, “What does it cost to print the Exponent?” “In the first place it's none of their damned business. Who ever heard of a business enterprise giving out their accounting statement for publication? “Let’s look at it this way. The accounting books are audited by Bill Bodden, Auditor of .Student Organizations. Yes, the books of any good business are audited by an outsider —one outside of the firm. That’s another business policy and a good one too. No One Else Does Not long ago the author of this called me. She wanted me to give her the figures in dollars and cents of the cost of publication. Incidently, did you ever read a feature story in your favorite newspaper, excluding the Exponent, telling you of the dollars and cents involved in publishing that certain issue of the paper ? No, and if it had been there, ^ou wouldn’t have read it. Why,
Baseball History Continued From Page 5
1916 when he was succeeded by Coach Pattison. When Pattison was called into the sei’vice of the A. E. F. in 1917, “Piggy” Lambert took charge. In 1918 the University called on “Humpy” Pierce to assist Piggy, who was also head basketball coach. Seasons during the early 1920’s were only moderately successful, with the records standing around the .500 mark. The Boilermakers only consolation lay in continued dominance over the Hoosiers, whom they continued to beat with regularity. In 1926, however, Purdue diamondmen won 11 games and lost four, finishing in second place in the conference standings. Again in 1928 the Boilermakers were run-ner-up, winning ten games in a 14 game schedule. Rank Low During Past Decade With the start of the present decade, the Boilermakers hit the bottom in Big Ten baseball competition finishing eighth in 1930 and last in 1931. The lone bright light of the 1930 season was the conference batting crown, which was awarded to Milt Mills with a .486 average. Rapidly rising to new heights, the 1932 Boilermakers fought their way to the top in the Big Ten race but couldn’t stand their own pace and lost it in their last two games. In 1933 and 1934 Purdue nines finished with only mediocre records. The 1934 season was sparked by the playing of Dutch Fehring, present Boilermaker coach. Tour South Adding a spring vacation tour of the South to the schedule for the first time, the 1936 team won 12 and lost nine games while dropping to ninth place in the conference. Disastrous seasons were experienced in 1936 and 1937 and with a top-heavy number of entries in the loss column. Dutch Fehring took over coaching duties from Piggy Lambert in 1937. Last year the Boilermakers took a tremendous stride to become one of the powers-that-be in Big Ten baseball. Winning six games out of 11 in Big Ten competition and recording 12 more victories against six losses outside; the Purdue squad was right in the thick of the pennant race until the dust cleared away. Several disappointing losses toward the end of the season dropped them to tie for third place in the final standings. However, the Boilerinakers beat a strong Indiana nine in the final game to give Iowa a clear claim to the title and put the Hoosiers in second place. The season was highlighted by mighty hitting by Joe Waling, sterling fielding by Dickinson, Thompson, and Malaska, and excellent pitching by Arnie Bredewater, who led the Big Ten in earned run averages.
even a Business Manager
knows
there is no reader interest in such
copy.
Exponent Cost Distribution
But I’ll play the game with her;
I’ll let her print the figures on a
percentage basis. Then, if
any of
the readers are really interested
they can take pencil and paper, and
time to figure out the dollars and
cents.
Income
Advertising
.. 71%
Circulation
... 27%
Classified Ads .
... . 1%
Miscellaneous
1%
100%
Expenses
Printing
.. 77.5%
Cairier Wages
.. 10.8%
Supplies
... 2.0%
Rent .
.... 3.7%
Transportation
.. 1.7%
Bad Debts
... 1.6%
Depreciation
7%
Taxes ^
8%
Miscellaneous . .
.. 1.3%
100%
Profit? “’Tis true, we make a profit, but very little. Don’t go ‘nuts’ trying to figure this out. It isn’t worth it. No, it isn’t even worth printing. So spoke the Business Manager of our paper. In addition to his printed woyd we have from him that the budget this year will probably relach $20,000 for the winter paper. To these purely monetary costs we might add the wear and tear of late hours and much work on the staff members which at times even sends our husky managing editor to the hospital. * On the asset side we list experience, friendships, development, and management training. The two totals added up result in a great profit to the paper we hope, and to ourselves we know. Wesley Members Present Bex Social Friday Night Wesley Foundation members will present an old-fashioned box social Friday night at 8:30 in the Foundation House at 435 State street. The boxes, prepared by members will
CLEAN GARTERS with every change of socks!
REG U S PAT OFF,
by HOLtPROOF THE SOCK with G4RTER ATTACHED
Try Holeproof’s modern sock — Pacer. Garters attached to sock' washed with sock — guaranteed for life of sock—cost nothing extra. New comfort, too. (rarters rest at legeomfort angle— TIFT constantly, gently — can’t bind. Socks stay neat and smooth. In patterns and X>lain colors you’ll like.
50c pr. Exclusive Agents THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622-626 Main Streat
“I made up my mind to get a MODERN refrigerator regardless of cost. Imagine my delight when 1 found the price of Coolerator, the air
Contrast Between New And Old Purdue Is Theme Of 1939 (Debris
be auctioned off with the proceeds going to the Foundation missionary fund. The party is -not limited to students and the Foundation invites all townspeople wishing to attend to come. During the party, a prize will be awarded to the winner of a men’s popularity contest Choir Will Present Easter Cantata On Monday, Tuesday The annual Easter cantata will be presented Monday and Tuesday, March 27-28, at 7:30 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall, under the direction of A. P. Stewart. “The Crucifixion, Meditation on the Sacred Passion of the Holy Redeemer,” by Sir John Stainer, will be presented at this year’s service. Music for the occassion will be furnished by a selected group of thirty instruments from the University orchestra and a choir of one hundred voices, with organ music opening the program. Soloists Soloists are Marvin Smith, Wallace Woodrow, Van Coddington, Charles Powell, Paul Worcester, Donald Pyke, Robert Elk and Harold Schulte. This service is a regular Convocation for Worship, sponsored by University Committee of Religious Convocations, with Dr. Hadley in charge. The service is open to students, faculty, and townspeople.
conditioned refrigerator, was nearly K hundred dollars under many less up-to-date kinds. My foods are fresher, more delicious, and I’m saving
money every day.”
Coolerator keejps foods fresher becausf; air conditioning provides four essentials of ideal refrigeration: 1. Constant Cold. 2. Positive one-way circulation. 3. Balanced Humidity. 4. Washed Air. Instead of costing more, these advanced features cost you LESS. If you want fresher foods at less cost, investigate Coolerator! FOR YOUR 10 DAY FREE
TRIAL CALL
LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO.
Phone 5078
4th and Salem Sts.
^-S|. . TH ETU- T| IS ONIY ONE j Coolerator THE REFRIGERATOR
Old pictures in a new background, new pictures in old style frames— the 1939 Debris will compare the campus of 70 years back with today’s campus in a family album style, according to Fred Winter, edi-tor-in-chief. A larger book, with a total of 448 pages, featuring pictures and snaps, will represent the oldest and newest in Annual publication. Old style backgrounds of black with the added effect of being pasted onto the page, will give this year’s Debris a very unusual and novel effect. Snaps of the young campus will be compared with similar pictures of the present campus; old football teams—mustaches and all —will come alongside the ’39 squad. More Snapshots One of the features of'the book will be a large 25 page section of campus snapshots plus several pages of Intramural sport pictures. Campus beauties, with individual pictures, will have their signatures across the bottom of the page. P. T. Barnum style type, popular 70 years ago, will be used in some of the heads. “The 1939 Debris will be distributed on May 6, 1939, 70 years to the day, after the founding of Purdue University,” stated Fred Winter. The distribution on this "date will be in close accordance with the anniversary theme of the book. 2600 books are being printed, which will cover exactly the number of books ordered. Novel Division Pages A particularly novel effect will be gained by the division pages. Each division page will consist of similar photographs of the same subjects—new and old—^with the page affect of having unfolded a scroll to find the old picture underneath. Cover will be an egg shell color base with gold lettering. Outside lettering and some headlines will be in san serif type, which is the latest
style lettering, but developed from the old gothic type. Delving into the latest practices of printing, the fraternity section will consist of group pictures in blue ink, with the house pictures in yellow ink. Fred promises us an ■unusual and ultra-picturesque 1939 Debris. , Alpha Phi Omega Enferlains Future Pledges At Smoker Alpha Phi Omega, service honorary, entertained prospective pledges last night at a smoker in the Old Chestnut room of the Union. Eric Wadleigh, past president, spoke on the National Convention, which was held in St. Louis last year.
World'sFairWillBe Theme Of Carnival Sponsored By WAA “WAA has been making extensive plans for the spring sports program,” said Katherine Merritt, President of WAA. New York World’s Fair is the theme of the Penny Carnival to be held April 14, she explained. Each sorotity, Triton Club, PIA, Sportswomen, and WAA will have booths modeled after ones'which could be found at the fair. Women’s Gym will be decorated with pennants and cardboard globes symbolizing the World’s Fair. There will be dancing to recordings from nine to eleven. Programs of tumbling, dancing by Orchesis, and swimming to music will furnish entertainment. Refreshments of sandwiches, soft di’inks, and candy will be served at small tables Continued On Page 8
LAYER CAKE A great big, luscious, two-layer cake of smooth, velvety texture. Liberally iced. Graves quality Bakery 124 Stale, W. L. Phone 3852
From OiTe Man to Another The News Has Been Traveling Science Progresses'
THEN— "They have ruined it.” These not so many years of age words were probably heard many times. A dress or suit had been sent to a reliable cleaner and had been returned in a very poor condition. This was not the fault of the cleaner but of his equipment. The proper chemicals necessary for satisfactory and safe cleaning were unknown and the right methods were not applied.
NOW— The cleaning standards have been raised to an almost unbelievable level. Scientists have joined together and by their many discoveries and experiments— clothes can be cleaned expertly. Even the most flimsy fabric can be cleaned safely. It is now your chance to prove to yourself that even dry cleaning changes with the times.
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081IT
' ', ' ^ ^ ' / I ' * "'
. 1, ' ♦ <?
k> ^
Thursday, March 23, 1939
Faculty Journalist Describes 18 Years Of University Exponent Developments
^ ^ ’’'H , - .^f y^.i-W‘3''*'* I I /'
THE PUBDT)E exponent
No Day Typical For Exponent Writers
By Prof. J. H. McKee Member Exponent Board The Exponent was a six column four page paper 18 years ago. The depression reduced it for one semester to a five column “tabloid.” That did not work. It was not enough for Purdue, even in depression. For one year a few years ago the Exponent went to a seven column four page paper. During the year when the paper ran seven columns, it also dressed itself in new and more modish head type. Though prudence has reduced the paper to six columns again, the improved typography has continued. Look It Over Speaking of typography — and make-up—I could wish the readers of the Exponent would look a little more closely at their paper each morning to mote the usually artistic and often ingenious page design.' The young people on the staff put a great deal of thought and pains on daily design in heads and picture placement. They are pleased (usually) with their daily job. Compliment them sometimes. As to these young people, there are a lot of them. Eighteen years ago a surprisingly small number of students put out the paper. They did more man inches per day than do members of the staff individually today, but the result was not quite so good. Coverage was less, stories were longer, there were fewer of them. There was much less ingenuity. No Woman-Power There was almost no woman-pow-er on the paper. Girls were almost non-existent on the staff. They have won their place by now. See their “by-lines” day by day. Don’t forget the business staff, who make financially possible a good looking paper independent of subsidy. I fear I am editoiializing—a bad habit of school teachers. I should like to suggest that the staff and the 6,600 students come to feel a closer connection, that the student
Music Room Program To Feature Violinist Mrs. A. M. Martin, local violinist, will play for students in the Union music room Sunday at 4 p. m. Sponsored by the Student Union, the music room programs have been held almost every Sunday. Due to the enthusiasm with which they were received the Union officials are continuing their sponsorship. Mrs. Martin has studied violin under Hugo Kortsphak, well known New.Yoik violinist, and with Edith Lynwood Winn, in Boston, and toured most of the large eastern cities with the Boston Ladies’ Symphony Orchestra. Mrs. Martin has been giving progiams for a number of years, although she has never appeared on the campus. “Seranada,” by Veravini; “Traume” by Wagner, and “Meditation,” one of Mrs. Martin’s own compositions, will compose the principle part of the program. This program will not be given for the purpose of demonstrating any certain technique, but is composed of melody, purely for the purpose of pleasing the listener.
^here “ain’t” no such thing as a typical day at the Exponent office. Approximately 235 papers are issued during each school year by the student staff, and each paper is l-235th typical. Each paper is similar in that a staff of about 12 eds and 8 co-eds get together in rooms D and E of the Union to find stories, write copy, and develop the best make-up possible. No Repetition Here Similarity ends when the staffs get together. Six nights a week six batches of stories differ in material, source, writing, and make-up posi-
tion. Twenty staff members cover 20 stories different than any other that they have ever written. The 20 members meet 20 new situations, and use 20 different styles to cover the news. Although there is very little similarity of work for the individual members of the staff, the general routine for the entire staff is somewhat repetitive. Work Never Ends A day on the paper starts at about 2 o’clock for the junior editor, three for the issue editor and 4 o’clock for the rest of the staff. A
sophomore will come trucking in around 4 o’clock, throw his coat and hat in a corner, read the Exponent of the day before, and check in his arriving time. About half way through “Bold and Black” the issue editor will see him unoccupied and dig up a story for him to cover. A check through the directory , will give the number of the author of the news and the day’s work is beginning. Very usually during the day’s work will come an assignment to cover a meeting, banqiiet, or program. These are always interesting in that it usually requires inter-
Where And How Exponent Is Printed
W. M. Hall...
. . . director of Program and Personnel Training of Boys’ Clubs of America, addressed the intensive Leaders’ Training Course m Recreation program yesterday afternoon. His subject was “National Planning for the Boys’ Clubs of America.” Hall also showed a film entitled “Building Boys.”
body (and faculty) feel themselves all potential contributors. Write to the editor. Visit the office. Make acquaintance with a busy staff.
Since that memorable day in 1889 when the Exponent first appeared as a 25 page monthly, conditions under which it has been published have varied from time to time. The first time that a daily edition was attempted the business manager was faced with raising $4,000 before he had' even taken the job. Start At Doc Thompson’s In those first days, copy for the Exponent was written in the upper rooms of the residence of Doc Thompson, at 224 N. Fourth St., across from the Fowler hotel. There was plenty of room here but it was not long before the office was moved to other quarters in the same block but farther up the street. All this time that the editorial offices were being moved around, the printing of the paper was being done in or near the present site of the Haywood Building, the present home of the Exponent, at Fifth and Ferry. Still Moving • Today, office arrangements are still m the moving stage. In the past year the editorial offices have been moved from the Haywood Building, where they had been for several yeais, to rooms in the Memorial Union Building. And if plans now un-
der consideration are completed. Exponent will take up office in the new additions to the Union Building as soon as it is completed. The pi’ocess of writing news today and having it printed is consid-
erably simpler than it was even a few years ago. Today, with offices located in the “center of activities,” the Union, there is little trouble in being on the scene when a story “breaks.”
CAA Student Pilots Will Take Ability Examination
Students taking the Civil Aeronautics Authority’s pilot training will be given a test to determine their abilities Wednesday, March 29, it was learned from Captain Aretz yesterday. Aretz expects to have at least four of the students taking the training ready to take the examination given by Captain Moulton, the inspector of the CAA program in Indiana. He was unable to say exactly what men would take the exam. Purdue was the first of eight institutions selected to participate in the first phase of the CAA program
fori flight training of 20,000 students a year, in the schools and colleges of the country. Grads At Kelly Field Eight flying cadets are now undergoing instruction at the Air Corps Advanced Flying School, Kelly Field, Texas, who attended Purdue University prior to their appointment as flying cadets. They are H. E. Grieger, M.E. ’38; R. L. Matthews, M.E. ’38; W. B. Reed, M.E. ’38; J. R. Van De Lester, M.E. ’38; P. S. Emrick, M.E. ’38; B. C. Cook, who attended the University from 1936-38; C. H. Terhune, M.E. ’38; and K. W. Sprankle, M.E. ’38.
SoJuihwoJdh, Scuf^''
We can't help but reminisce about our store when we think of the Exponent as celebrating its Golden Anniversary, It was 36 years ago that Mr. Southworth decided that West Lafayette needed a college book store, so he at an early age, opened a store here. Up to that time»students had to go over to town to buy their books. There were about 1,336 students here then, 58 being girls. The first articles of association say the corporation was formed for the purpose of selling books, stationery, wall paper, and cigars. Mr. Southworth was very interested in all student activities, particularly dramatics and was permanent treasurer of Harlequin Club. He was senator for 8 years and was very influential in getting money for different buildings on the campus. In 1935 Mr. Southworth died and it was his wish that the store be carried on. It is our aim to carry on and keep the same high standard that he had. (Signed) MRS. SOUTHWORTH.
A beer-jacket or bushcoat belongs in the wardrobe of every college man. We have a variety of styles at popular prices. Spring calls for sports. You will find the latest and best equipment for such games as tennis, badminton and golf included in our stock.
The biggest saving of the year — rent a cap and gown for just $1.00. They ore made of poplin and ore comfortably cool but not transparent. As we own our own caps and gowns you ore able to save $1.00 by renting them from us. No graduation is no obligation.
SOUTHWORTH'S
COLLEGE BOOK STORE
fp
viewmg the performer, speaker, or leader of the association. What’s A 3-Letter Word? Interspersed between stories are heads to be written, which is the delicate art of saying everything important in one, two, or three lines of type. About 7 o’clock the work begins to slacken off and the bull sessions begin with comments on anything from news, co-eds, to new plans, to mechanical changes of type and make-up on the Exponent, and on to anything of common in-t tetest. Visitors with news or nothing at all on their minds come in with ideas, stories, and tall tales. Eight o’clock arrives soon after four and the sophomore and freshman proof readers leave for the East Side office where the linotype machines are working. Galley proofs are to be taken, wording, heads, dates, names are to be checked. Remnants The staff after 9 p. m. usually consists of the junior editor and two or three sophomores to take care of late news, and to finish up minor details. At 9 the issue editor leaves with most of the remaining copy. At 10 the junior editor leaves for the East Side, and everyone else goes home. Around 11 o’clock life begins to shift into high in the East Side office. Between 6 and 12 galleys of type must be checked and proof read by three men. Make-Up Last About 1 o’clock the galleys are all proof read, and make-up begins. This is done by Milt, linotypist, under the supervision of the junior editor. Two o’clock arrives, and sometimes 3 and 4, before the paper is sent to bed—^the small and tired remnants of the staff leave for the same place soon after. The paper is out—the staff is out —11 hours later another new staff takes up the endless chain and the Exponent keeps the papers* rolling off the press.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, March 23, 1939
WAA,WSGA, YWCA Will Elect Officers Wednesday General elections for new officers of the three large women’s organizations of the campus, WSGA, WAA, and YWCA, will take place Wednesday, March 29. The polls will again be ki the Union lobby, and will be open from 8 a. m. until 5 p. m. * " " "■ Three co-eds, Ann Sickman, in-
Kappas Meet Here For Delta Province Annual Convention
Gold Peppers Sign Shelton For Dance; To 'Announce Pledges
Members of Kappa Kappa Gamma from Indiana and Michigan will meet at the University tomorrow and Saturday for the eighth convention of the organization’s Delta province. Nearly 100 visiting delegates will represent eight universities and colleges included in the province. Mrs. Clifford E. Rader, fonner director of physical education for women at Ohio State University, and present Pan Hellenic representative for Phi Mu, will be the convention’s guest speaker. Official representative from Kappa Kappa Gamma’s Grand Council will be Mrs. Edith Reese Crabtree, Brookline, Mass., director of membership and Pan Hellenic. On Saturday afternoon, Mrs. Crabtree will address all organized women at an open forum in the Union. Mrs. Almiia Johnson McNaboe, New York, N. y.. Grand Vice-President, and Mrs. Elizabeth Bogart Schofield, Indianapolis, director of provinces, will also represent the Grand Council. ^ Helen Bower, editor of the fraternity’s official magazine. The Key, and literary editor of the Free Press, will be another guest of the convention. ^ A formal dinner to be held in the Union Saturday night will close the convention. At this time awards will be made to the active and aluinnae chapters having the largest percentage of members present, and to the outstanding senior girl in the province. Two years ago Jeanette Scudder of Purdue received this award. Pan-Hellenic Council Plans New Rules For i Sorority Fall Rush New features will be inaugurated next fall in co-ed rush if present plans of the Pan Hellenic committee on rush rules are definitely approved. Rush will again be deferred until the first week of October. Informal rush will be held the week preceding formal rush. During this time rushees may call at the sorority houses afternoons from 3 to 5 o’clock by invitation. All rushing, both formal and informal, must be held in the sorority houses. Open Rush Later Sororities will send bids for the girls they wish to pledge at the end of the formal rush period according to the usual system. Then, if the sorority quotas are not filled they may pledge girls by open bidding any time during the semester.
dependent; Ruth Hall, Kappa Alpha Theta, and Treva Berry, Kappa Kappa Gamma, have been nominated for president of WSGA. Barbara Roderick, Theta, and Georgia Walker, Chi Omega, are running for WAA presidency. Choice for YWCA leadership is between Catherine Cooley, independents, and Martha Mooi-head, Alpha Chi Omega. In the WSGA and YWCA elections, the girl polling the second highest number of votes automatically becomes vice-piesident. WAA nominees for vice-president are Maiy Ann Reiman, Kappa, and Mary Louise Riley, Alpha Chi. Other WSGA Candidates Other nominations for WSGA offices are as follows: secretary, Peggy Terstegge, Theta, and Paula Zwierlein, Chi Omega; treasurer, Jane Black, Pi Beta Phi, and Maiy Jane Carr, Kappa; junior representative, Joyce Burnham, Alpha Chi, and Ruth Swift, Chi Omega; sophomore representative, Janet Bourne, Alpha Chi, and Agnes McCoullough, independent. Those who wish to add their names to the list of WSGA nominees must hand a petition of 25 names to Mary Alice Learning, WSGA piesident, by Sunday, March 26. Petitions will be read at the organization mass meeting on Monday, March 27. Pictures of WSGA candidates will be posted in the Union as
usual.
Other WAA election nominees are Bette Smith, Alpha Chi, and Jane Fishleigh, Chi Omega, for treasurer, and Louis Thomas and Jane Stickler, both independent, for sec-
retary.
WAA Candidates WAA primary elections will be held at a mas^ meeting Monday, March 26, when a third candidate for each office may be added to the slate if a quorum of members is present. Eligibility for voting for WAA candidates is the payment of the dollar dues and the possession of 25 points earned this year in WAA activities. ' The payment of one dollar membership dues is necessary to vote for YWCA candidates. Thelma Bugher, Pi Phi, and Ruth Wattleworth, Kappa, are nominees for secretary; Ruth Bryant, Alpha Chi, and Edna Schwab, Alpha Xi Delta, for treasurer. Every undergraduate co-ed is a member of WSGA, and may vote in the organization elections. Passports must be presented at the time of voting.
Ruth Austin...
. . . instructor in the applied design department, is the author of an article entitled “A Costume Design Problem” which appeared in the February issue of Design magazine. It concerns the details of construction and dressing of the miniature mannequins which are made each year under her direction in the course on costume design and illustration.
Dick Shelton and his campus band from the University of Illinois will furnish the syncopation for the annual Gold Pepper’s dance, to be held Friday, March 31, in the Union Ballroom. Shelton’s band is well known around Chicago, where he has had engagements at the Aragon and Trianon ballrooms. He also has played for other dances on this campus. First Open Co-ed Bid The dance, to be held the night before vacation begins, is the first open co-ed bid of the semester. Although co-eds furnish the ducats, other expenses, unlike Gold-diggers dance, are paid by the eds. Semiformal long dresses will be worn to the affair. Corsages are not necessary but are permissible according to Georgiana Pittman, who is in charge of arrangements for the dance. A novelty backdrop will be featured in the announcement of pledges to Gold Peppers during intei’mission. Candidates for the or-
ganization, which is a junior co-ed athletic booster honorary, are co* eds active in campus activities and having a four point scholastic average. Pledges are chosen by the 22 active members of Gold Peppers. Tickets On^ Dollar Any co-ed may i)urchase tickets for the dance at one dollar each from Mary Townsend, Mary Cooley, or other Gold Peppers members. Tickets are also on sale at the Union desk, in sorority houses, and at the Residence Halls. Ticket sales close Tuesday, March 28. The dance is being held for the purpose of paying the year’s expenses of the organization. Proceeds will also be used to provide a fund for the one hundred dollar scholarship awarded annually to an outstanding senior activity woman interested in continuing in graduate study. Dorothy Martenet, who received the award last year, is now studying journalism at Northwest-
WSGA Delegates Will Attend Convention At Lawrence, Kansas “I expect to get some new ideas to bring to Purdue, and also to present our successful projects to help other WSGA organization,” said Ruth Hall, co-delegate to the biennial convention of the Intercollegiate Association of American Women at Lawrence, Kan,, on April 3-5. Treva Berry, the other representative from Purdue, said, “At the convention, I want to exchange ideas on the ways different colleges conduct their WSGA programs.” Reorganization Topic Every school which belongs to the association is privileged to send delegates to the convention. The important topic of discussion will be the national reorganization of WSGA. An exhibition of booklets published by WSGA organizations on different campuses will be sent to Lawrence before the convention convenes. Mrs. Nichols To Speak On Magazine Writing Mrs. Nell B, Nichols, Field Editor of the Women’s Home Companion, will make her first visit to Purdue University next week when she will speak to the survey class in home economics. Her subject will be “Magazine Writing.” Mrs. Nichols stresses the need for training in both speech and writing as a part of the Home Economics course. Any student who would like to interview Mrs. Nichols may make arrangements with Miss Margaret Beeman in the Home Economics buiJ.ding. Mary Wilson Adams, a graduate of Purdue in the class of ’37, is associated with the Whea,t Flour Institute, which is the educational division of the Miller's’ National Federation. She appeared on the campus March 21, assisting Mrs. Clara Gephard Snyder with demonstrations of yeast breads.
Stevens Grooming Expert Speaks At Charm School "My aim is to help the girls make the most of themselves, not to transform them into glamour girls,” stated Miss Pauline Crook, grooming consultant from Stephens College, at her first Charm School lecture yesterday afternoon before 600 co-eds in the Home Economics Building Auditorium. Yesterday afternoon her subject was specifically "Make-up.” This afternoon she will speak on
Four Co-eds To Represent Purdue At Home Economics Conference At Ball State
'HAA Carnival -- Continued From Page 6 A banquet will be held April 12 in the Home Economics Cafeteria to end the winter sports piogram. New officers will be installed at the banquet and pledges announced. Intramural awards will be made at the banquet. After the awards are made, movies of different co-ed sports will be shown. The movies are of the all-star hockey game, the speedball game which was played on Dad’s Day, and some shots of the WAA cabin. Tickets for the banquet will go on sale immediately after spring vacation. ' Play Day All WAA members are invited to the Play Day on Saturday, March 25. Basketball will be featured at the Play Day. Besides basketball, girls may participate in volleyball, badminton, ping pong, shuffleboard, and swimming. Following the games a tea will be held in the faculty lounge for WAA members and the guests from other colleges. Schedule for basketball games is as follows: 10:00, DePauw vs. Ball State; Chicago vs. Indiana; 10:30, Indiana State Teachers vs. Ball State; Indiana vs. Purdue; 11:00, DePauw vs, Indiana State Teachers; Chicago vs. Purdue. DePauw will be the scene of a state Play Day on April 22. Speedball will be the featured sport. On April 15 WAA will sponsor a state league Play Day for GAA, which is a high school athletic association for girls. Spring Program The spring sports program includes baseball, tennis, golf, and archery. There will be intramural and class competition in these sports. On Mother’s Day the Riding Club will give an outdoor Gymkana. Barbara Dobson is in charge of a Bowling Tournament which will start immediately after spring vacation. Unorganized and organized girls should sign up for teams. Following vacation, bowling will start every Thursday at four. The team winning the tourney will bowl the faculty team which is composed of Misses Hazelton, Fraser, Knight, Case, and Russell.
“General Grooming” in the Home Economics auditorium at 4 o’clock. ■ Personal Interviews Miss Crook will continue her personal interviews with co-eds who have previously made appointments in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union this morning. This afternoon &he will be at the WRH to interview interested co-eds. She is livin'g at the Hall while on the campus. Yesterday, in the course of her personal interviews. Miss Crook talked to about 100 girls in groups before which she exhibited the possibilities of changes on those girls who had made appointments. This work of Miss Crook’s as a consultant on grooming has developed from a hobby into a profession. Yesterday afternoon Miss Crook was interviewed on WBAA in an infoimal discussion at 1:30. Catherine Cooley and Treva Berry, YWCA chairman and WSGA chairman of the Charm School, Alice Martens, Martha Norman, and Betty Erick asked Miss Crook questions of particular co-ed interest concerning grooming, make-up, and personal appearance. Other Colleges Miss Crook has lectured at various colleges throughout the country including the University of Florida, University of Michigan, Stout University, and Grinnell College as well as many high school and women’s clubs. The idea of grooming being taught as a regular college subject first originated at Stephens, a girl’s school in Columbia, Mo. Miss Crook, who is in charge of the course,^ teaches students the principles of correct make-up, coiffure, and dress. Stephens girls became well known for their charming appearance, and other colleges adopted the idea. Hazelton Named As Convention Delegate About 50 teachers, including heads of departments and staff members, are expected to attend the annual meeting of Mid-West Association of College Teachers of Physical Education for Women here Monday and Tuesday, March 27 and 28. The program will be conducted as committee workshops, teachers’ training, college hygiene, studies in research, and athletic policies, Tuesday afternoon’s session will be devoted to a clinic on college service courses to be held at the Residence Halls. This session will be followed by a tea for the delegates given by members of the department of physical education for women, and the staff members of the Residence
Hall.
Formal Banquet Tuesday A formal banquet will be held Tuesday night at 7 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union at which Professor Wilma Haynes of Stephens college will speak on “In-
The annual spring meeting of the Indiana State Home Economics Association will be held at Ball State Teachers College, Muncie, tomorrow and Saturday. The Convention will focus directly on “The School at Work in the Community” which will be discussed by Dr. Thomas Alexander, founder of Columbia University’s New College for Teachers. Four Students to Attend The session for the representation from the Student Home Economics Club for Indiana Colleges will be attended by Purdue representatives Barbara Gibbs, Nina DeWitt, Catherine Cooley, and Martha Moorhead, who is president of the Purdue Virginia C. Meredith Club. Faculty members planning to attend are: Dean Mary L. Matthews, Miss Philena Palmer, Miss Amy L. Howe, Miss Margaret Beeman, Miss Margaret Johnson, Miss Cecelia Schuck and Miss Amy Bloye. Women's Club Plans To Entertain I.U. Group Purdue Women’s Club will entertain the Faculty Women’s Club of Indiana University at a general meeting to be held in April. Drama section, in charge of Mrs. J. W. Robinson, will meet this evening at 7:45 in the faculty lounge of the Union. A Spanish play, “Evil Doers of Good” by Jacinto Benavente, Nobel prize winner, will be read. Professor Edin Brenes of the modern language department will give a short talk about the author. Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30, the French section will meet in the Music Room of the Unioq. The program will consist of two French musical numbers by Mrs. Stuart A. Beckley, and comments on French composers by Mr. D. H. Patterson of the modern language department. Mrs. R. B. Warren is in charge of the section. The art section of which Mrs. J. E. Walters is chairman, met yesterday afternoon. The history section, in charge of Mrs. C. A. Ellis, also met yesterday afternoon. Mrs. Charles Erisman, chairman of the League of Women Voters, reviewed congressional and legislative acts at the meeting.
tegration of Physical Education in the General Program at Stephens College.” Miss Helen Hazleton, head of the department of physical education for women at Purdue, is vice-presi-dent of the association and chairman of the program committee for this meeting of the association.
V
Deac's
FOR ALL SPORTING EQUIPMENT Hundreds of Tennis Balls of Every Make. Spaulding, Schlessinger, Harry C. Lee, and other Makes of Tennis Rackets. H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOK STORE' hr.
^>7^
Thursday# March 23# 1939
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Exponent Editors Fought Many And Varied Editorial Battles
By John Traugott Down through the fifty years of its history the Exponent has had many and varied editorial policies —representing the individual viewpoints of fifty pditors. There has been little consistency in the editorial policy which is perhaps as it should be—^viewpoints of different student bodies well may change with the years. The editorial campaigns have been radical and conservative, violent and liberal and Victorian, successes and failures. Seldom has a concentrated campaign been consci-
entiously carried on frijpi one year to another. Being independent, the Exponent has nearly always fought for what it considered the Well being of the student body, suffering little censorship. Get Union After 10 Years’ Work Some of the greatest accomplishments on the campus have been direct outgrowths of Exponent editorials. Witness the Memorial Union Building, conceived as a result of an editorial published March 3, 1919, which urged some sort of a memorial for Purdue’s war dead. For 10 years thereafter the Expo-
»» ^
C^jnjo^
VudulcdLofidu!
The First
50
Are
the Toughest
The next fifty years will be a cinch — but to make the most of them, relax occasionally and listen to your favorite music faithfully recorded on records from McLean’s. Come in today and hear them in our record booth.
• Deep Purple Jimmy Dorsey • Little Sir Echo Horace Heidt • Have a Heart Will Osborne • Shut Eye Glen Gray
• The Masquerade Is Over Lawrence Welk • It’s and Old Fashioned Locket Jan Garber • Blame It on My Last Affair Harry James • Cuckoo in the Clock Kay Kaysei
McLEAN MUSIC CO.
514 Main
Phone 7917
FORTUNE "BOWSERS” • Almost overnight a brand new style sensation has boomed to the attention of men who want the latest in shoes! From coast to coast they’re acclaiming Fortune "Bowsers”! B & W SHOE CO.
121 No. Fourth St.
nent plugged for the Union before it finally became a reality in 1929. The freshman hygiene courses that are now a compulsory part of the University curriculum are a result of an Exponent campaign in 1936. Exponent Gets Self-government Real student self-government is another result of continual campaigning in 1936. According to the papers of that year, the WSGA and Student Senate were mere pawns and did not represent the students. Open campaigning in student elections was brought about. Success And Failure As frequent as its succegs- has been the failure of editorial campaigns. And there have been many times in these fifty years when the Exponent has been the laughing stock of the campus as the time in 1919 when th^ editor-in-chief staged a convo to decide" what was wrong with the paper and the students, refusing to co-operate, answered that what the Exponent really needed was a new editor-in-chief. There have been times when concerted campaigns have gained momentary success only to die down with the passage of a short time as the perennial anti-smoking campaigns in earlier years and last year’s venereal disease campaign urging all students to have Wasserman tests. Radical Policies In 1936 By far the most turbulent period in the Exponent’s history came in 1936 under the leadership of Editor W. T. Hunt. In that year came campaigns to abolish Hell Week, to conduct open student elections, to purge “useless” student honoraries, and a vigorous partial campaign for the Republican party. Starting with the year 1898, when the Exponent was already celebrating a decade of existence, the policies of the editorial page became progressively more pertinent and more vigorous. Hold Chicago—1898 In 1898 the editor op October 26 urged all students out for the team to report to the football field every
night so as to be in good condition as they “would like to hold Chicago down to a small score.” This was the extent of the Exponent’s vigor for the next decade. 1907 saw the paper come out as a definite force on the campus. H. J. Stevens, editor that year, had something to say about nearly all campus events. Some excerpts from the editorials that year follow: April 17—On the annual tank scrap: “A feature noticeable about the scrap last night was the presence of the best citizens. In former years the tank scraps were a mecca for every bum and adventuress in town. Now one can take his mother or sister without fear of embarrassment.” Million Dollar Battle In 1919 the Exponent became the exponent of moral living and the champion of Purdue in a fued with the state legislature. The University had won a suit against the state of Indiana for a share in the tax money. The state supreme court awarded Purdue $1,000,000, a decision which the legislature proceeded to Ignore. The Exponent spent the remainder of the year fighting on the editorial page for their million dollars. It was in this same year that the E:|ponent officially put itself on record against cheek to cheek dancing —^immoral, it said. In line with their morality campaign of that year they also plugged for prohibition and roundly condemned “booze distillers.” Anti-everything In 1936 the Exponent was antiWPA, anti-Coughlin, anti-frater-nity, anti-smoking, and anti about a dozen other things. A regular platform a la Chicago Tribune appeared daily under the mast head. It was also in this year that the paper conducted a presidential straw vote among the student body, the results placing i;he Exponent in the same class with the Literary Digest. An editorial published during the anti-smoking campaign that year had this to say against Prof.
THIS SUMMER
Spring Showing The first of the year's crop of new hats is here and the selection is more complete and more satisfactory than ever. They're smart, suave and snappy — full of life' and good looks — new colors, new shapes and a new low price $2.95 ■ $3.50 - $4.00 ■ $5.00 DEWENTER^S
416 Main Street
Phone 3801
Murphy, who did not agree with the campaign: “Murphy and others of his like have no regard for the school in which they teach and which provides them with their living.” The violent editorial policy of that year culminated in the resignation of the editor. Fight For* Venereal Exams The campaign for venereal disease examinations among the student body in 1938 gained the support of many eminent men in the state including the governor. Its main result was in enlightening the students and breaking down taboos that had existed from time when man's memory runneth not to the contrary. In 1930 the paper came out of its editorial lethargy, but began to assume the gloomy attitude of the whole country. The paper in this year even began to question the merits of prohibition and ran a poll of student opinion on the drinking question, asking how
many drank and what they thought about repeal. Politics for the first time entered the paper's editorial columns in 1924 when the editor decided tEnt the student body should officially go on record for the election of Catvin Coolidge. It also fiayed a preacher who spoke harshly of “flaming college youth.” It will readily be seen that most of the virility in the editorial columns came in recent years and that there have been cycles of laissez faire and active policies during these fifty years. For the most part the editorial policy has reflected the attitude of the coimtry in general. In post war and post depression periods the editorials have been aggressive; in times of great prosperity there has been a tendency toward frivolous and shbrtsighted attitude. The Exponent has always had to fight tjeT^tablish good relations with the student body which they supposedly represent, but a good many of the lasting reforms on the campus have been accomplished by the student body or the administration only after continuous agitation in the daily newspaper.
. . capitalize on your educational training
Successful national organization offers unusual opportunity to college students for summer work. Thousands have financed their education and gained valuable business training through this high-type sales work. Experience is not essential. Our program and training course assure success.
Write for complete details.
COLLEGE DIVISION, 1010 Arch Street - Philadelphia, Pa.
You pick the spot-We’ll take you there AT ^ THE GOST OF DRIVING Whether you’re heading for the old homestead, honoring the room mate with a visit, ducking down South, or doing the Big City, we’ve got a bus that’s gomg your way I Another nice thing about Greyhound—our fares don’t look big even to a college-educated pocket book You’ll have more fun the Greyhound way—and you’ll find plenty of places to spend the money saved!
Sample One-Way Fares
NEW YORK, N. Y. $14.65 DAYTON, O. 3.40 COLUMBUS, O. 4.75 CINCINNATI, O. .. 3.45 CHICAGO, ILL. ... 2.60
CLEVELAND, O. . PHILADELPHIA . PITTSBURGH, PA. WASHINGTON LOUISVILLE, KY...
6.95 13.40 8.30 13.10 3.55
UNION BUS DEPOT GREYHOUND TERMINAL 5th and Ferry Sts.
Phone 2105
Here it is! The One! The Only
ones-**;* V10
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, March 23, 1939
Basketball Formed To Condition Footballers
Team Won First Game In
97 Over Crawfordsville
By Rolfe Jenkins
Basketball as a form of recreation came to Purdue like a lamb, and it came as basket-ball. The main purpose in the sport was to keep football players in condition during- the winter by giving them something interesting to do while working out in the gym. As the game evolved into basket ball, two words without the hyphen, the students organized in an informal way what they called the “Varsity.” This “Varsity” played a few games with local quintets, college, high school, YMCA, and athletic clubs. Recognized by P.A.A. »
About the time that the single word basketball was formed the Purdue Athletic Association recognized the sport and decided to award players sweaters and letters. At the same time the PAA began to schedule games. It is not certain when basketball was first played by students. The first real mention given the sport by the Exponent was in the issue of January 17, 1897. In the first game on record for the Varsity, the lineup for the Purdue students was Robertson and Morey, forwards; Hitt and Welch, centers, and Anderson and Treat, guards. The Purdue men won, 34-19, over
the Crawfordsville YMCA, after leading 22-6 at the half. The group later lost to the Lafayette YMCA 16-11.
affairs. That year basketball as a game rather than as a recreation came in like a lion. In 11 games the Varsity was undefeated, scoring 368 points to its opponents’ 120 and winning the undisputed state championship. Several of the games were with teams from high schools and athletic clubs. Reimann Captain Reimann again captained the team in 1902. A seven-game trip through the South was played against various athletic clubs frbm Chattenooga to Nashville. A noticeable feature of the jaunt is the publicity accorded the Purdue five by southern newspapers. The Varsity was highly praised for qualities of the highest sportsmanship and courtesy while in the southern cities.
Growth in Early Years The next game recorded for the
Varsity was played in 1900 against the Lafayette YMCA, and this time the Purdue group won, 34-19. During these years the players were not recognized as a team, and no awards were made for participation in the hardwood sport. In 1901 the game really asserted itself. H. W., Reimann captained and coached the team while Manager Curd was in charge of their
Claim was laid and generally granted to the Old Gold and Black Varsity that it was the greatest team in the nation. Not only had it beaten the Chattanooga Athletic Club, champion of the South, but it had also won the state championship and finally closed the season by walloping the Yale five, eastern champions, 68-10.
Becomes Major Sport In 1903 basketball was reorganized as a major sport by PAA, which gave the first basketball sweaters and letters to the players.
That year, coached by C. I. Freeman the team won every game. In 1904 the state championship was won by Purdue for the fourth consecutive year. The next four years were lean basketball years. The hardwood game had become a regular sport among conference schools. Ralph Jones coached the team to a tie with Minnesota for the conference championship in 1911, and folldived the next year with what was acclaimed the greatest team Purdue had ever had. There was reason enough for considering the team Purdue’s greatest. It defeated every opponent it played by over 10 points. Pour out of five members of the team were Purdue basketball captains during their four years at the University. The team, composed of Malarky, Barr, McVaugh, Johnson, and Stockton, scored 462 points to its opponents’ 179 in winning all 12 games. That gave it an average of over 38 to less than 15 for the opposition per game. Vaughn New Coach Coach Jones then left Purdue in favor of Illinois, and Pete Vaughn, now coach at Wabash College, came to the University. Jones had coached Vaughn for four years while Pete was at Crawfordsville high school. After that, Vaughn went to Notre Dame and to Prince-
ton, coming back to Purdue to coach and later landing at his old home town, Crawfordsville, as head coach at Wabash.
Hill Will Accompany
Vaughn stayed at Purdue for three years. After him came a young man who had also graduated from Crawfordsville high school, and who had gone through Wabash College, later getting his M. D. at the University of Minnesota. That man was Ward L. “Piggy” Lambert.
Riveter Ball Squad On
Training Trip South
Lambert’s Success
All basketball fans know that the little hardwood mentor has led 10 of hig- 21 teams to the top of the conference standing. Not only that, but they also know that never in the last 20 years has a Purdue Big Ten basketball team finished below fifth place, never has one of those dropped more games than it has won in the conference,
The championship of 1920 started the series rolling. Despite a late start at the University, the game has caught up with the other sports in pophlarlity and has surpassed them in team consistence.
Carmen Hill, of Indianapolis, former major league hurling star who reached his greatest fame during hfs years with Pittsburgh, will aqCompany Purdue’s baseball squad on its spring vacation training trip through the south to provide some intensive instruction for the Boilermaker hurlers, it was announced today by Head Coach William “Dutch” Fehring. It will mark the third successive year that Hill has made the southern jaunt with the Boilermaker squad. Fehring and Hill were battery mates in the Indiana-Ohio league in the summer of 1936, and the friendship developed at that time led to the arrangements which have provided specialized instruction for the Purdue hurlers.
Alpha Kappa Lambda...
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Ted Beckenholdt, Mun-
The Boilermaker squad will leave here on its southern trip the weekend of April 1 to play three games with Louisiana Tech, one with Mis*^ sissippi College, and a pair with Alabama. The series will be started Monday, April 3, against Louisiana Tech.
Distinguished Students for the Semester Ending Jan. 1939
FRESHMEN
Agriculture Byer, Eugene Gerald Cohen, Arthur Aaron Dillon, Arthur Judson Frantzreb, Arthur Carl Frischie, Kenneth August W. Johnson, Philip Carter Parkei, Walter Woodrow Ramsay, Orrington Cozzens Riggs, Robert William Snyder, Arthur Eugene Vanada, Chester Schulz Walley, John Ersel Engineering Adler, Seymour Antal, Michael Jerry Beach, William Chester Bock, James Austin Bond, Robert Wilbur Branner, Frank Michael Breedlove, Charles Brown, Walter Albert Campbell, William Ardery Chrisman, Donald Wray Cooper, Edward Harold Cullen, James Lawrence Day, John Farley Day, John Robertson Deuster, Ralph William DeYoung, Peter John Dibos, Richard Ashton Dodson, Gilbert C. Good, Chai-les Lloyd Gunkel, William Fredrickson Harban, Arthur Alan Hayt, William Hart Hedden, David Kirke Herr, Frederick Williams Hilpert, Arvis Laverne Horn, Gerald Boyd Hoskins, Charles Maxwell Hussey, George Arthur Ireland, Robert Neal Johansson, Robert Edwin * Jolls, Richard Danley King, George William Kruder, George Arthur Kusko, Alex Lambertus, Harold Leckie, Donald Stewart Loomis, John Harrison Lovett, Gordon Hal6 Mullett, Thomas Alan Ochiltree, Ned A. Peterson, David Gordon Raab, Herman Peter Shane, Norman Alvin Shedrick, Carl Franklin Skallei’up, Robert Martin Southmayd, Laban Howell Spangler, Richard Earle Starkey, James Andrew Stecker, Robert Bates Sullivan, William Lewis Thomas, Lonnie Jerald Thomas, Richard John Truitt, Hariy Hyde Vanderbilt, Vern Corvin Worthington, Ralph Elbert Yates, Charles George Home Economics Arnold, Gertrude Anne Bourne, Janet Ann Caldwell, Cornelia Carpenter, Mary Ann Collings, Alice Ruth Davis, Peggy Jane Halstead, Marybelle
McCulloch, Agnes Louise Morris, Betty Jean Sommer, Virginia Elizabeth Stallings, Helen Frances Sutherlin, Irene Swope, Bonnie Marie Wilkinson, Betty Lee Pharmacy Sly, Thomas Stanley Science Bailey, Gary Alden Bierlein, James Allison Blagrave, Opal Genevieve Carson, Neil Bui ton Flint, Jean Patricia Iiwin, Maiy Ermie Justin, Florence Elizabeth Karler, Arthur Lommen, Barbara Edith McDaniel, Douglass Nottingham, Edna Joyce Peterson, Eug’ene Willis Phillips, Leslie Riegle, Chester Francis Strickler, Charles Jackson Thomas, Enid Pearce Wirt, Mary Ellen
SOPHOMORES
Agriculture Adams, Maurice Wayne Blosser, Timothy Hobert Drabenstott, Herman Ott Hawk, Thomas Franklin Legg, Sidney Benjamin Mayhew, Charles Henry K. Shaw, Elmer Willard Smith, Robert Lewis Chemical Engineering Alexander, Lloyd George Bell, Eugene Fabing, Willard Edwin Jungerman, George Robert Kettenring, Kenneth Norman Long, Justin Truman Mavity, Victor Thomas Reese, Francis Edward Stephens, Thomas John R. Stewart, Robert Rpss * Tayloi, Roy Jaspef Van Horn, John Coeiper Civil Engineering Lewis, Albert Dale M. McCammon, Lewis Brown Electrical Engineering • Aull, Louis Edward Bowen, Paul Joseph Campbell, Von Cassius Crabb, Vernon Leroy Dye, Robert Harris Goebel, Henry Christian W. Haiflich, Norman Jesse Holcomb, William Lewis Hollis, Walter Charles Kratch, Harold Frederick Leber, Charles Wendolin McKee, Edward Sherman Meese, William Giles Montgomery, Geo. Franklin Morrison, Robert Harold Pitcher, William James Sommer, Curtis Johnson Symonds, Richard Julian Weed, Alfred Cleveland Wood, David Edwin Wright, William Gaylord Engineering-Law Coates, Clarence Norman Mechanical Engineering Bowling, John Franklin
Biennan, Patiick Joseph Gilmore, Loren Giise, Warren Kenneth Hollingsworth, Lois Vashti Marsh, Wilbur Deane Newman, Paul Baker Richai’ds, Marshall Monroe Rockwood, Charles Henry Schnaible, Albert Paul Thompson, Kenworthy James Viti, Florindo Wist, Hemy Zintel, Harry John Metallurgical Engineering Schaefer, Charles .Julian Schier, Robert Joseph Short, Walter Earl Underwood, Ervin Edgar Public Service Engineering Hunter, James Paiker Keane, Mark Edward Home Economics Allen, Josinah Elizabeth Lang, Kathryn Elizabeth Lewis, Mira Louise Millei, Dorothy Carmen Monk, Maxy Edith Moon, Martha Florence Osboi'n, Lucille Eileen Plummer, Jean Shirley Pharmacy Cotton, Hugh Arthur Fuller, Robei't Lowell Science Anthony, Walter Philip Beisel, Beimice Jean Bennett, Ruth Max ion Burnham, Joyce Cohen, Jesse Milton Densford, Alberta Jeannette Earle, Lillian Ridgely Finney, Chaxdotte Ann Hagemeyer, Edith Merle Hendrickson, Dox’othy Jean Huckleberry, Carl Douglas Musser, Wayne Eugene Noi'quest, Clarence Lee Oswalt, John William Potter, Patx'icia Hastings Randall, Ruth Rodin, Eleanor Sheay, Betty Anne Slate, Floyd Owen
JUNIORS Agriculture Bx’unk, Mex’i'ill Axthur Bux brink, Kenneth Eugene Denzler, Julius James Finley, Roger Glardon, James Edward Goldsberry, Walter Melvin Harper, Robert Herrold Haverkamp, Leonax’d John Hess, Gerald Mahlon Hitchcock, Vernon Thomas Jones, Charlie E. Madden, Will Earl Marvel, Thomas Junior Maynard, Wayne Eldon Nickey, Howard Edwai’d Oberholtzer, John William Paarlberg, Donald Stiver, Edward Noble Tevebaugh, Arthur David Chemical Engineering Becker, Roy Condit Brubaker, Norman Harold Carter, Sandford Lee Catterall, William Edward
Counteiman, Lewis BexJin Davis, James Oliver Dellinger, Hartley C, Fishbuxn, Herbert Flournoy Hall, Robert Earl Heath, Donald Meyers, Donald Wilson Omohundro, George Alfred Prange, Frederick Adolph Schmidt, Louis William Schrader, Robert Segrave, Harold James Sittig, Marshall Smith, John Hemy Specker, Robert Allan Wamsley, Darwin Clinton Wilson, Edgar Elwood Civil Engineering Cornell, Arthui Roscoe Hotler, Clarence Floyd Houston, Kenneth Clark Ku, Hsien-Hsiang LaForce, Harry Bernhard Taylor, Forest Lyle Woodsmall, Francis Joseph Electrical Engineering Adams, George Malcolm Appleyard, Richard Edwin Brown, Bill Dean, James Hexvey DeShong, James Anson Elbourn, Robert Darling Haskins, Donald Wayne Hawthorne, Robert Peaice Holmes, Lowell Lytton Keen, Robext Newton Ku, Tze-Hsiang Lee, Shu Meranda, James Irvin Sebring, Paul Brown Simon, Raymond Clair Spreuer, William Eash Squixes, Rathbun Webb, Josephine Rohas Weng, Hsing-Ching Yost, Kenneth Elwood Engineering-Law Biandt, Noiman Christian Mechanical Engineering Ancker, Clinton James Best, Stanley Gordon Boksenbom, Aaron Saul Bi'own, Chai'les Robert Duckworth, Otis Eilering, John George Hallstein, David Wayne Hart, William Ainsworth Heckman, Thomas Paul Heidbxeder, Charles August Hendy, Frederick Charles Heston, Eugene Elman Huston, Alfred Berry Kolb, Harold Glenn Ki-atz, Henry Franklin Kuhns, Joseph Hay Lyles, Lawrence Lee Moller, Cax'l Gustaf Moninger, Robert Howard Olson, Donald Landis Palikucha, George Pustello, Anthony Vincent Rasmussen, Carlton Albert Reising, Christopher Albert Schooley, Harry Eugene Simmons, Chai-les Huff Sopcak, Charles Florian Wanzenberg, Fred’k Walter Yai’ber, Richard Francis Public Service Engineering
Harruff, Robert Bauer Kuebler, Kenneth William Malcolm, Donald Gordon Potter, Richard Cartex Home Economics Berry, Treva Louise Crankshaw, Margaret Joan Edson, Lloyd Joanne Henderson, Katherine Maxy Horwitz, Jeanne Florence Ince, Rosemary Lucille Mitchell, Margaret Evelyn Mooxhead, Martha Jean Peter, Leota Ruth Russell, Grace Lois Spears, Maxy Elizabeth Pharmacy Eberhard, Hershel Edmond Faulkner, Sister Mary Clara Fx’ancis Houseworth, John Horace Klein, Sister Mary Laurina Van Ackeren, Sister Maxy Eileen Science Beko, Mary Agnes Cook, Josephine Culp, George Richard Dietrich, Verne Eugene Estey, Marten Sutherland Irick, Paul Eugene Lilly, Elizabeth Allison Munro, Robert Fowlis Ne^, Chai'les Wayne Quinlan, Dennis Joseph Rhodehamel, Harley Wesley Robertson, Eva Louise Rohn, Abbott Merle Steinbach, Stanley Philip Wickard, Betty Jane
Electrical Engineering Aram, Nathan Walter Brown, John Stilwell Clark, John Furry Dorsey, James Roy Field, Lester Marshall Keck, Lloyd Everett Kolhoff, Marvin Joseph Toben, Glenn Webber VanHorn, John Herman
SENIORS
Agriculture Blaker, Lloyd Geox’ge Clark, John Vickery Decker, Claude Edward Glover, Donald William Hardin, Lowell Stewart Harper, Claude Learning, Marion Curwen Mather, Robert Eugene Romeiser, George Clement Schinbecklex, Dale DeWitt Swanson, Eric Wallace Williamson, Joseph Michael Chemical Engineering Beck, Thomas Glen Craft, William Smith Craig, Garland Dinius, James Hem y Duffey, Dick Duncan, Robert Ferrie Fowler, Arthur Robert Hamilton, Charles Wallace Knowlton, Floyd Marion Lacy, Charles Edward Lownie, Harold William Martin, Don Stanley Parks, John Morris Rudolph, Jack Mailin Stutzman, Leroy Franklin Willis, James McDermott Civil Engineering Farr, Frederick Gibson, David Irvin Goshorn, John David Gregg, Lowell Edward Moses, Franklin Collings Pattison, Charles Phillip Toy, Frank Chuck
Mechanical Engineering Allemang, Paul Vernon Baase, Frederick Carl Baker, John Dempsey Clugston, David William Collier, Paul Stuart Cx'aig, Gordon Davis DuBois, Robert Edwin Elliott, Roger Hancock Flashman, James Derwent Hammer, James Edward Harvey, Douglass Coate Holmes, Verne Edgar Kuhns, Robert Lake Lankford, Harry Grover Lemen, Ralph Marvin Powers, Chester Howard Robbins, Frederick Arthur Ruth, Robert John Smith, William Herbert Stevens, William Park Swan, Carl Taylor Swinehart, Marion Louis Taylor, Joseph Eller Tryon, John Edward VanMeter, Muri’o Everett Wagner, Robert Warner, Cecil Francis Weber, Marion Huber West, Wilbur Craft Public Service Engineering Garnier, Robert Charles Harnett, Joseph Durham Home Economics Benton, Eleanor Case Gibbs, Barbax’a Connor Hegele, Elizabeth Nixon. Hippensteel, Edith Neihardt Johnson, Margaret Elizabeth Shaffer, Janette Marie Pharmacy Christian, John Edward Glunt, Ruth Gordon Kantz, Robei’t John Osborn, George Edwin Sullivan, Alice Pearl / Science Cleveland, Jai’y Crall, James Monroe Grannon, Charles Lee Griffin, John Scott Learning, Mary Alice McGaughey, Charles Onis McKee, Prances Stanley Merritt, Kathryn Marie Minnick, Adrian Eugene Mounce, Katherine Ella Pittman, Geoi’giana Browning Pultz, Kathei'ine Elizabeth Taylor, Maux-iee Francis W. Walter, Robert Charles Wood, Martha Love Physical Education Bredewater, Ai-thur John Bredewater, Arnold Robex t Kowalski, Carl August Lyboult, James Charles
Printed Through the Courtesy of
Lafayette Street Railway
I * ftThursday* March 23. 1939
THE PDBDTIE EXPONENT
Notices
Eta Kappa Nu; Pledging meeting Thursday, March 23, at 7 •.80 p. m. in roona 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building. —KECK.
WAA Council; Meeting Thursday night, March 23, at 7:1B in WAA room of Women’s Gym. This meeting is very important. —MERRITT.
F of the Union. Important plans^for next week’s party will be discussed. —OTT. ' Riding Club: Important meeting at 7:80 p. m. Thursday, March 23, at the Union. All members please be present. , —SUMMERS.
Weight Utters: All those interested in a ■^eight Lifting Club be sure to see the sports carnival Thursday, March 28. A meeting will be held Saturday, March 26, at I o’clock in the sub-basement of the Fieldhouse. —CLEVETT.
Gold Peppers: Compulsory meeting Thursday, March 28, at 7:16 p. m. in the WSGA office. Please be prompt. —COOLEY.
Christian Fellowship Hour: Meeting in room B of the Union Thursday, March at 7:30 p. m. All students are corflally invited to attend. ^ —BUltiBRINK.
house, Riley, Fishleigh, Thomas, Reimann, McKnight; Juniors, Mather, Mooris, Mounce, Schroder, Crooks, Walker, Weishaar, Holtman, Martin ; Seniors, . Vandivier, Blank, Major, Miller, Harrington, Schaffer, Maier, Merritt, Davidson, Bailey. Today the freshman will play the sophomores, and the juniors will play the seniors at 4 p. m. —REIMANN.
SearsSiKMksW
Union Freshmen: Will my committee please report to the Union office Thursday, March 23, at 4 p. m. —MORRISON.
Lambda Kappa: Special business meeting Thursday, March 23, at 4 :16 p. m. in room
Girls’ Class Basketball Teams; Freshman, Wirt, Scarff, . Ward, Bidgeon', Lasewell, Chapman, Britton; Sophomores, Goff, More-
Decker's
Union Freshmen: Plan your schedule so you will be able to work Friday, March 24. at 4 p. m. This is very important. —RICHARDSON.
Spring Sports Promenade Celebrate spring by talcing part iri active sports. Come in to DECKER’S, where you can get the newest sporting goods in a modern atmosphere.
Finest Quality Tennis Rackets Durable and Practical Golf Clubs Various Weighted Baseball Bats
518-520 Main Sf.
Decker's
Phone 6477
Mixed Recreation: In the women’s gym Friday, March 24. There will be swimming as well as games. No charge for men. —SHAFFER.
Union Sophomores; Report to the workshop Thursday afternoon, March 23, at 4 o’clock. Very important. —RICHARDSON.
Sophomore Union Workers: There will be work Thursday, March 23, at 7 p. m. in the Union workship. Very important. —RICHARDSON.
Wesley Foundation: There will be a box social in the Foundation Friday, March 24, at 8:30 p. m. Students and townspeople are invited and proceeds will go to the missionary fund. —HORNE.
PIA: Dance class will meet Friday, evening, March 24, at the women’s gym at 7 p. m. ii —KNIGHT.
Freshman Fencers; Oakes, Linder, Park, Granioe, Spotte, Abell, Morgan, Ely, Thomas, Udell, Cohen, Hussey, Paetz, Swain and any others who have not fenced in preliminaries report Thursday, March 23. at 4 p. m. in Fieldhouse. —MEIER.
Triton Cluh: Meeting and swim, Thursday, March 23, at the Women’s Gym at 7 :30 p. m. —JORGESON.
(Continued from page 1) band moves to Dallas, Tex., where he-will play a hotel engagement. For the past six months his orchestra has been featured on the Phillip Morris program. Prom 10 o’clock Friday evening ’til 4 o’clock Saturday morning 800 couples will dance in the Union ballroom. Co-ed hours will be extended to 6 a. m. Vincent Hruby, chairman of the decorations committee, said last night that the winner of the decoration contest would be announced by the first of next week. Plans for fraternity and sorority booths have not been settled. Palmer, Willoughby Article In Magazine “Purdue University Trains Students in Merchandising” is the title of an article written by Professors Philena Palmer and Marian . Willoughby, of the school of home economics which appeared in the March issue of Forecast magazine.
Summer Session Students: All students expecting to take Metallurgy 109, Elementary Metallography and Heat Treatment, in Summer School must sign up in room iOl, Heavilon Hall, before Saturday, March 25. —MACK.
Tau Beta Pi: Election of spring pledges at 7 p. m. Friday, March 24, in the PIA office of the Union. —SMITH, Dr. Hass Will Deliver Third them History Talk Tuesday Dr. Harold B. Hass, head of the chemistry department will deliver the third in a series of history of engineering lectures to be held in the reception room of the Union next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. His topic will be “Evolution of Organic Chemistry.” First two lectures were delivered by Dean R. G. Dukes and Prof. W. E. Howland respectively. The meeting is especially for members of the Student Engineering Council, but everyone in invited to attend.
Classitied Mds
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
PASSENGERS—Wanted to Boston and return during Spring vacation. Call Reeves at 6021.
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR REN'T—^Two nicely furnished student rooms in surroundings that are conducive to study. 264 Lincoln St., West Lafayette. Phone 71681.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Tuxedo, like new. $12.00. Size 37 long. E. Margolis. 11 University St. Phone 76723.
Tau Beta Pi Meeting Profe.ssor L. M. Sears, of the History department, addressed a dinner meeting of over sixty undergraduate and faculty members of Tau Beta Pi in the reception room of the Union last evening. His subject was “The Pass We’ve Come To,” dealing with present-day inteimational conditions. The disappearance of the American frontier, he said, is one of the direct causes of the repercussions in central Europe today. The annual slide-rule award to the freshman with the highest scholastic record was also made. This year’s award went to J. Kenworthy Thompson, at present a sophomore in the School of Mechanical Engineering. Dr. Egloff Speaks At AIME Gathering Speaking on “Modern Motor Fuels,” Dr. Gustav Egloff, director of research at the Universal Oil Products Company, Chicago, 111., addressed the student branch of the AIME in room 254 of the EE Buildr ing last night. Dr. Egloff is the holder of over 200 patents in . the petroleum and related industries, and has served as a delegate to the world power conference in London and world engineering societies conference in Tokyo. Purdue Alumni Five Trounces Hoosiers The Purdue alumni trounced the Indiana alumni basketball team 5445 at Terre Haute Monday night in the fourth game of the series which started with a Boilermaker victory in 1936. The former Gold and Black aces added the third “P” to the iron dipper and their second in a row. There is one “I” on the dipper.
fV
3 iLii
Purdue's Baseball Team Dutch and the team — a sure blue ribbon winner. See them in action — and we do mean action — against the Pittsburgh Pirates. But, that’s just a start. The team won’t stop until they’ve won the blue ribbon. And that pennant isn’t faraway.
Purdue's Choice Garages The best of estimators estimate that ''Doc” Anderson and his' men do more work for "Purdue Cars”. And it’s not all due to the "easy-to-deal-with” spirit of the garage; it’s the quality work, too. Of course don’t hope for trouble; but if you have any, hdpe that you are close to Peter Anderson Company — service from sunrise to sunrise. Yes, "after you they come first.” Just in case . . . Phone 4048.
Purdue's Newspaper the Exponent Alert and aggressive — yes, one of the original collegiate streamlined newspapers. Streamlined in every sense of the word — and the word does have many meanings; column rules have been omitted, headlines have been changed, and other streamlined changes too numerous to mention. The Exponent, your paper, a Blue Ribbon Winner.
m THERE ARE NO SECOND PUCES!12
1912
1920
1921
1922
1924
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, Mordi 23, 1939
CONGRATULATIONS
THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
A SUPPLEMENT TO THE FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDING JUNE 30, 1937
1928
1929
To provide financial impetus for the proposed Purdue Union, the Class of 1912 assesses each member $5.00 for a Union fund. This fund is augmented by similar assessments from succeeding classes. A general subscription campaign is launched to secure contributions and pledges for the Union, now called the Purdue Memorial Union and dedicated to all Purdue students who served in the world war. This and following campaigns result in the pledging of $1,117,462.00. A constitution is adopted and Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith is elected first president of the Board of Governors. Mr. David E. Ross and Mr. W. P. Chapin are appointed as a building committee. Pond and Pond, architeas, of Chicago, are commissioned to design the building. Mr. J. E. Walters, B. S. M. E. ’22, is appointed general manager of the Union. The Board of Governors approves the letting of the first construction contract to A. E. Kemmer, B. S. C. E. ’02, and ground is broken on June 13 and the cornerstone is laid on November 25. A loan of $200,000 00 is seemed by the Board of Governors from Lafayette banks, with $400,000.00 of unpaid pledges as security, and gold notes at 5% are issued This additional fund is used to cover the cost of completing the ballroom, the reception rooms, the soda fountain, the cafeteria, and various offices. The Board of Trustees of the University approve the assessment, beginning with the academic yeaif in September, of a student activity fee of $5.00 per semester, $4.00 of which is to go towards the maintenance of the Purdue Memorial Union. The amount of pledges collected from the beginning of the campaign in 1920 now reaches $534,815.00. The Board of Governors transfers to the Trustees of Purdue University the management and control of the Purdue Memorial Union building and the title to all property used in connection with the Union. In accordance with Chapter 49 of the Acts of the Legislature of 1929, the Trustees authorize the issuance of $400,000.00 firstmortgage 5% bonds, the proceeds from the sale of which are to be used to retire the unpaid balance of $100,000 00 still due on outstanding gold notes and to provide $300,000.00 for the completion of the building
THE UNIONS
HISTORY IS BUT HALF THAT OF
The Purdue Exponent BUT IT ALSO HAS
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
ON
FIFTY YEARS
OF
SERVICE
AND FIFTY STAFFS OF ABLE AND RESPONSIBLE YOUNG MEN AND WOMEN
1935
1936
1937
The Trustees then approve the architects’ plans for the completion of the building as presented by the executive and finance committees of the Board and award the construction contract to the Loverning-Longbotham Company, of St. aPuI, Minnesota Mr. L. M. Vallely is appointed general manager. The building is formally opened on November 26. The sinking fund originated in 1929 to retire the bonded indebtedness of the Purdue Memorial Union now totals $130,091.71. The students petition for additions to the building and vote to add $1.00 per semester o the Union Fee o carry the cost of such additions. The Trustees approve the addition of an east wing to the building and a one-thiid increase in the size of the ballroom, and accept a Public Works Administration grant of $56,200.00 toward the construction cost. The construction contract is awarded to A. E. Kemmer, B. S. C. E. ’02, on December 7. The total cost of the new units is $163,212.50 —$56,200.00 from the Public Works Administration and $107,012.50 from the Union Sinking Fund. The Trustees formally accept the building additions on September 25. The University financial report shows an investment of $980,888.20 in building and $128,818.49 (less $77,554.19 depreciation) in equipment, a total gross investment on July 1, 1937, of $1,109,706 69 in the Purdue Memorial Union plant, exclusive of land. All bond maturities have been paid when due. The indebtedness on this plant is $325,000.00 on July 1, 1937, represented by 5% first-mortgage bonds, due serially as follows:
July 1, 1938—$15,000 00 July 1, 1939— 15,000.00 July 1, 1940— 17,500.00 July 1, 1941— 17,500.00 July 1, 1942— 17,500.00 July 1, 1943— 17,500.^0 July 1, 1944— 20,000.00
July 1, 1946—$20,000.00 July 1, 1947— 20,000.00 July 1, 1948— 25,000.00 July 1, 1949— 25,000.00 July 1, 1950— 25,000.00 July 1, 1951— 25,000.00 July 1, 1952— 45,000.00
1938
July 1, 1945— 20,000.00
The names of the 3,050 life members of the Purdue Memorial Union students, alumni, faculty, and friends of the institution—are placed on the walls of the first-floor corridor of the
Union building.
As of January 1, 1938, the Purdue Memorial Union building and its operating equipment represent a total gross investment
of $1,116,985.76.
JhsL fiwuiwL TyienwimL lAnwtL The Corner of the Campus—Yet fhe Center of Activities
♦ i