'I
4
f4s
Rit« H^ywQrtb To Appear At War U. S. Steel
P 'ir , ,,‘K > f
Band. Choir Tp Perform Sfwarf Will Direct Program In Stadium Rita Hayworth, popular cinema star, will appear on a war bond program in Ross-Ade Stadium Thursday night, September 24. A, P. Stewart, University director of music, will direct a program which will include mass demonstration^.and parades by many organizations. The United States Steel Company with its 100-piece band and 100-voice choir will stage a colorful part of the show. A physical fitness drill by students is included in the varied progralh. Many other local organizations will assume special sales in the performance. Program Will Begin At 7 The drive will start at 7 p. m. in the stadium, which will be especially lighted for the event, and will last until 9:30 when Miss Hayworth will close the program as she leads the singing of “The Star Spangled Banner.” Because of the nearness to the opening Fordham football game, September 26, a number of alumni along with the multifide of townspeople and students are expected to take part in the purchasing of war bonds. f’rogram To Boost Bond Sales The program will seiwe as a means for the local war bond board to fill the September Tippecanoe County quota of $383,000 which is currently lagging behind, and also make up the deficit of $140,000 of the August quota. t Miss Hayworth is coming to the through the courtesy of the Unji^d St^tes^Treasury Department an'd' the Hollywood movie industry whi^ch are sponsoring war bond sales throughout tfie nation conducted by popular stars of thp industry. Fredrickson Heads Committee General chairman of the program is Harry Frederickspn, manager of the 4th Street Amusement Company. A. P. Stewart is directing the show with H. ra^n Cai’michael as chairman of tnW fields during the poiformance. Mrs. R. B. Stewart will be in chayge of the woman's unit of the bopd sales and in charge of the hospitality committee for ‘Miss Hayworth. Military Department To Start Code, Radio Instruction Monday The Military Department will conduct extra-curricular code and radjo instruction for the fifth successive year, beginning Monday. All male students of the University may enroll, whether they are enrolled in military training or not. Last year 290 students enrolled, and even greater attendance is expected this year. The classes will be held from Monday to Friday evenings from 4 to 6 over a period of six weeks. Attendance at two hours per week is required. Five sections are available, meeting as follows: Section A: Monday-Wednesday, 4:00. Section B: Tuesday - Thursday, 4:00. Section C: Friday 4:00-Friday ):00. Section D: Monday-Wednesday, :00. Section E: Tuesday - Thursday, 6:00. Students desiring this instruqtion should sign up in the supply room of the Armory before noon Saturday. Sectibns cannot be splii. A second group will start the first week in November to accommodate those students who do not get a chance of enrolling in the first group. Ceres \i,. . honorary agriculture fraterpity, announces the election of the following officers for the fall term of 1942: president, Douglas F. LeMastei; vice president, Roger S. ]Pulev; seci'ctavy. E. Lee piifttoini; tre^snyeT, Ricb^rd b. Dilt;?.
\
Eata^plished 1889
4 ■
Hit
Volume 55, No. 7
7
||ntversi^, W^sf Lafayette, Indiana
Thursday, September 10, 1942
Parade Ticket To end Tomorrow Shop Fields To Open \^arr\e P,and Parade In Union Ballroom Frfday Night At 8:S0 Tickets for the Union Band Parade at the speciaJ'fediiced price of $4.00 will be on sale for thp last time tomorrow night, preceding the Shep Fields dance, fiyst in the' series. Individual tickets for the series of three name bands will be $1.65. The four dollar ticket, which gives admission to all three dances, affords a saving of about 25 per cent, and does not have to be used by the — same student for all the dances. Other bands featured will be those of Sunny Dunham, on September 18, and of Claude Thornhill, on September 25. Fields’ orchestra, formerly known for the unique “rippling rhythm,” now features a new style, which is neither strictly sweet nor swing, but which seems to be enjoyed by addicts of both those styles. The lack of trumpets and trombones eliminates the usual brassy blare and the addition oC' woodwinds allows for new tonal ef-
fects.
Begap Early Fields has had his own orchestra since high school days. He abandoned it for a short period during which he attended the law school of St. John’s University, but soon returned to his first love. After having made a name for himself in New York City, he expanded the radius of his fame with engagements all over the country. Since 1936 he has been heard regularly on the radio. His band has also been featured in moving pictures, the most recent of which is a short entitled “Lightning Strikes Twice.” Believer In New, Different Always a strong believer in the new and different. Fields has introduced, during his career as a band leader, twd new .style of popular (music. His famous novelty “rippling rhythm” was abandoned for the new style'because he believes that it is better, more lasting music. Debris Announces
GilUlan To Spook
■ For Union Kiier a* C.—
At Lonyo ounday Former Editor to Open Fall Series Of Convodations In Music Hall At 3
Me#i'nsf Saturday Night
waac UW4'
Cay^PMs Ocfp^er 27-28 HeadMue speaker for the Associated Women Students’ Vocational Conference to be held
Barid Offers 'Mmsi’c Styled For You'
, ^iekland Gillil^, former editor of the Marion Daily Tribnight in both baiiroms from 8:30 Une, and nationally known writer, speaker, poet and ex-Wash-
Shep Fietds
Plans For Taking Activity Pictures Group pictures of all students who work on student publications, campus activities or honoraries and departmental clubs will be taken on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday nights of next week from 7 to 11 p. m., according to an announcement received from the Debvis of-
fice.
Heads of these organizations will be notified of the time and place by Dave Heckard or Dotty Ragsdale, junior editors of the Debris in charge of picture taking. Organization heads will be responsible for getting their members at the South Ballroom five minutes ahead of schedule and they may get in touch with members of their organizations by running a notice in the Exponent. There will be no retakes of the pictures because of the shortage of time and all who want included in their particular group picture are urged to be present at the appointed time. Teacher Assumes Demensfralion Dufies Prof. Leila R. Gaddis of the Univeisity who is state hegd of county agents, announced yesterday that Mi.ss Janalyce Rouls, for the past five years vocational hopie economics teacher at Angola, has been appointed Kosciusko county home demonstration agent. Miss Rouls, \vho took ovei her new duties last Saturday, succeeds Ruth Parker, HE '41. The new Kosciusko county homo demonstration agent is a graduate of Ball State Teachers’ College and has taken additional training at Columbia and low^ State.
Student Senate Appoints New Senior Board ‘ At the first meeting of the Student Senate this semester, the following appointments as members of the Senior Board of the Senate were announced: Joe Neff, Jackson O’Connell, Wade Neals, Jack Landlebur, Robert Wilson, Roberta Glezen, Jeanette Rutherford. The Junior Executives will be announced next week by the Senior Board. Then in approximately two weeks, the Senate will hold the campus election for its lepresentative membership for this semester. The Senate is made up of the Senior Board, eight junior executives, eight elected jumois and eight elected sophomores, the Senior Board and the junior executives bging appointed on the semester
basis.
here OJl October 27 and 28 will ^'’ijo^erick appeared on the cam. be Mrs. Oveta Culp Hobby, Di- pus in May, when he played for the rector of the Women’s Army Gala Week mixer, and last fall Auxiliary Corps, it was an- l'® played for the “Jail Bird”
nounced yesterday by Dorothy Cornthwaite and Jane MeCouch, co-chairmen for tiie
conference.
Mrs. Hobby, a Texan, will address an all-University convocation in the Music Hall to open the confer ence on Tuesday night, For Wednesday a program of discussion groups has been planned with the aim of giving coeds an opportunity to find out more about Vocations which interest them. Discussion leaders will be graduates of the University who have made good in their fields and aie in a position to answer any questions students may have about salaries, hours, advancement, open-
ings, etc.
Coeds IVlfay Attend Three Groups The conference will be so arranged that each coed may attend three discussion groups in the morning, and the most popular ones vvill be repeated in the afternoon. Those who attend the discussions Will be
excused froip classes.
ington correspondent, will be the first speaker in the fall series of convocations Sunday af 3 p. m. in the Music Hall. Sche(iuled to talk on “Let’s Laugh As We Fight’’, Gillilan is not likely to stick |o this field and, as his past performances have shown, he is very liable to cover many subjects. Gillilan ^ — 1 has expressed his "theory by Wf/i*
saying that a talk need not be^ 4ull to carry its lesson and need not be folly to be funny. Author of eight volumes of humor which “Including Finnigan”, “Including You and Me”, “Sunshine and Awkwardness”, “A Sample of Eumor”, “Laugh It Off”, “Danny and Fanny*<,^^^d “Danny,
Fanny and Spot”. Hellas also re- , , ^ ^ , cently written a small edition of received by Dr. Charles H. Rob-
' ertson, former University professor
and noted educator in the Orient.
Sends Letter From Hawaii Passed by Army censor No. 445 and arriving from the Hawaiian Islands via clipper, a letter from Corporal Ralph Stuckey was recent-
Bud Roderick
ixty of his poems, Gillilan, Finnigan and Co., which were selected and published by Homer Rode-
heaver.
Widely Published Works Six of his poems were published in one of America’s largest anthologies of poetry. Alfred Lord Tennyson was the only person that topped Gillilan in the numLer of poems in the publication, having eight. To this fact Gillilan says, “I’ve had trouble with that Tennyson fellow before. He’s nosed me out of sev-
mixer. He comes fi;om the University of Illinois and features a vocal trio and a sweet and mellow reed section. During the summer his
“Music Styled for You” was fea- eral top spots.”
As indicated by thb choice of key- t^^ed at the Ideal'Beach Resort. Born in Ohio, Gillilan studied at note speaker, the conference will backdrop for the dance will University of Ohio, and precedemphasize those vocations which cambric with spangled let- ing a fitful experience at the uni-
ters in modern design. The band- versity he moved to Indiana for fronts will also carry out this what he describes as a baptism of theme. Price of admission will be “Hellenpfire”. Besides his writings
war and those where there is an increased demand for trained women. Mrs. Hobby, whose rank and pay (See OVETA HOBBY, page 4)
$1.10.
and his extensive radio appearances, he has spoken directly to some seven or eight million people in this eountry and abroad, and this year he is scheduled for ^he 'heaviest of his
gigglesmith pilgrimages.
Member Of White Blouse Conference , Gillilan was, until recently, a member of the wAite Housd Cor-
Student Union is sponsoring the respondents Association, attending first of a series of informal tea all the press conferences conducted dances today from 4 to 5:30 in the by Presidents Coolidge, Hobver, and North balhbom of the Union. Music Franklin D. Roosevelt, and has con-
Union To Sponsor Informal Tea Dance
Today At 4
Stuckey, khown to thousands on the campus as former manager of the Union bowling alleys, writes that he is a member of the 46th Fighting, Squadron, 16th Fighting AAF and that his squadron was the only one to get off the ground against the Japs on December 7. Relates Spirits Are High ' Continuing, Stuckey states that’ everything is under control now and that a careful waVch i^ being kept on the numerous Japs on the Islands. He relates that, spirits are^ high and that the boys in the squadron are puttipg about half of their pay back into war bonds, so” “we will soon knock hell out of these war mongers.” In conclusion Stuckey admonishes “Robbie” to keep up his bowling and gold and sends his best regards anU good wishes tp everyone. Judging Team Wins Third In National
will be that of top ranking bands played on records. One of the chief features of the dance will be free admissions. It is not necessary to take a date 8S “cutting” wi^l be peimitted. Union officials urge all-freshmen and new students to attend.
Yoi
WRH roHo/dPicn/c • • • Student Experiments With Eggs To Further Cancer Research
For Old Girls Today On South Hall Lawn
The annual WRH Old Gills’ Picni(? will be held this afternoon at 6:30 on the South Hall \awn. WRH has extended an invitation to all girls who haye lived in the halls at any time to return for the picnic. Old residents are to go to the rooms in which they lived and the girls who live there now will be hostesses. There will be supper on the lawn and then the old girls will copgregate in the smokers, rooms and corridors jusi; as in the old days. The Old Girls’ Picnic was started with the purpose of introducing the fieshman girls to the upperclassmen and has been continued for seveial years. Entomology Club Will Meet Tonight Thomas Say Entomology Club will hold the first meeting of the present semester at 7:30 this evening in room 107 of Agricultural Hall. Piofessor J. J. Davis, head of the Entomology department, will discuss the merits of entomology during war time. All freshmeh and olhprs are cordially invited to attend the meeting. Plans for the semester’s activities will be outlined.
By Dan Bopp
Jerre Noland, lanky Kentuckian with a soft drawl, is an undergraduate student at the University who hopes soon to become engaged in cancer research. Noland is one of the few students at the University who has tried /actual laboratory research work and he is now experimenting with his third dozen of eggs in his effort to discover something about the dreaded malady of
eggs and incubating the embryos.
Studies Growth
At this stage he tried cutting a window like opening in the egg and
Accordihg to a telegram received yesterday by Prof. W. W. Smith, thp University’s Collegiate Horsd Judging team, coached by Prof. J. T. Frost, won third place honors at a national contest held in connection with the National Belgian Horse Show at Watei’loo, Iowa. A Minne- , sota team placed first and Wisconsin ranked second. The competition consisted of neprgsentatives from agricultural colleges from various
pai'ts of the nation.
H. W. Jones of Walton, a stu4
S. A. Pence, senior manager of the ^g^t of the University, was third Forensic Board. individual judge of stallions Besides the sophomore manager- ranked seventh as an individual ships, there are senior publicity gf t^gj.ggg Qther manager positions and several jun- members of the University’^ team ior manager positions for both eds ^g^g q j Noblesville; P. J. and coeds. Graue, Osgood; H.-L. Kilgore, Up-
Keys and activity points will be
tinned to keep in contact with the
(See GILLILAN, page 4) forensic Bqard To Hold Tryouts For Debate Managers
Debate managership tryouts for sophomore men and wom^n will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4 in room 386 of the Union, according to
awarded to the sophomores who are
coveiing it with-a microscopic slide ®®leeted as junior managers. Intrain order that the growth of the discussions, the Beveridge
embryo might be observed. Noland soon ran into difficulty,
however, because he discovered
that-if parrafin or wax were used semester
to seal the slide in place, he would
Contest for Freshmen, and the High School Debate Conference will constitute the Forensic Board work
kill the embryo. So far the experi-
The'war being waged against menter has found no way in which
he IS able to watch the embryo in-
side the egg.
Enthusiastic Worker Enthusiasm is a mild term to describe Noland’s interest in his project. He spends more time on it than he does on any of his subjects in his regular curriculum.
Soon-
cancer in the research laboratories of this country engaged Noland’s attention some time ago and he has followed the work quite closely.
Study Infected Embryos
Every Iiesh egg is a potential chicken embryo. If the embryo could be given cancer similar to that affecting man, it would make a readily accessible medium for cancer study. Furthermore the rapid
Book Exchange Sales Reach Total Of $1700
land; and L. A. Snider, Indianapolis.
Exponent Staff Staff tp work tonight is as follows: Night Editor, Ocl^trec; Hay Editor. Bgall; Vermilliop, Shi^noshi. Hardy, Wilhur, Tyson,' Ford, Murphy, Stephenson, Roiyes, Abhett.
MS Will Hold
Meeting Tomorrow
Institute of Aeronautical Sciences
Student Book Exchange, located in the West Reception Room of the Union, has sold about $1,700 worth of old hooks and still has on hand
around $700 worth of books. The will hold a meeting in the Faculty
perhaps it will be on his Exchange has set Saturday as the Lounge of the Union building tofourth dozen of eggs—Noland will deadline for collecting money and night at 7:30. The program will begin his actual experiments on books which they have on hand. The consist of filips showing some of
development of the embryo might cancer and his work with chicken Exchange will be open from 4-5 to- the production methods employed accelerate the malignant effects of embryos might lead to a discovery day, from 1-6 tomorrow, and from by Lockheed Aircraft Corporation cancer. These are a few of the of importance in cancer research. 1-6 on Saturday. in the manufacture of Hudson reason.s why Noland experiments The dye industry was begun when If the monpy is not collected by bombers and P-38 pursuit ships, with eggs in studying cancer con- Peikins synthesized mauvd^an(fde- 5 p. ni. Saturday, the money will After the films have been shown
v^loped it large scale manufacture automatically become the property the^e will be a short business meet-
Noland secured his first eggs at the age of eighteen. But even if of the Student Bool^ Exchange. The ing and an eiectipB of officers for from the University Poultry De- Noland’s work brings forth no mo- books which are npt called for by the coming semester. All aetopartment and began at once to ex- mentous results, he will have gamed that time will also become the prop- nautical st^eots who are interestperiment in the techniques of han- invaluable experience in research, evty of the Exchange and wiR be ^4 in joining the professional SOidling and making injections into the This' is what he wpul^ tell sold eietSf gxe iRyited toli
H
ii
■> «
2
' ^ V .
Purdue Exponent Thursday,. September lO, 1942
Purdue Exponent Burning...
^^ A^a4* ^dp +-l«i ^ 1/* ”D A n4"l‘
GRIht AND BEAR [T
By Lklity
Officer Editorial and Butinau, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieidhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m, 5377
in Chief Nc^^s hdilor Mnnnfr np fditor Sporis 1 liilor Uiis ness Mnnnptr C irciiHd n Manager C>ed Ld tor
John F Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong Kobert L Hadley William D MiUard Ken K GJemre Alice Chataeld
Publication Staff Associate Editors I dilonal Staff R W BoswiPkle D E Butz W G Hoskins A H I ttr D W Ochiltree W E Rafert bporls Staff 1) E Brewer J S Dawson E L Karplck C nod otnh Sally Beall Charlotte Hass Jean Lauer Business Staff ( r! Bu ness Manager Julia Martin \fl ertis i\R Managers J M Wright D h Johnson tii uHfion Manager G H Klouman V c Ills Manager Trena Torrenga hi 1 or < oed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keim
The Purdue Independent
1 -dll r in t hiff Mmnp^ sr Tditor It. c s Manager ( led I lit r 9p ris Fditor AdiprfiB nr Manager AceouniB Manager Circulation Manager
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Keasler Bill Kiillgrevr Scott Browr George Palm Harold Hendrickf
Staff For This Issue Niritlliior Rafert Sports Editor DawBon D.O riilci Hass Issue Editor Abhetl Workers Davit Riggs Vegh Baynes Winslow McCormick llj 1 Richardson Mann Shultz Tyson Gumpper Pressler Li (cl 1 as second class matter at the post office in Lafay t( T d am u del the act of Congress of March 3 1879 i at tl e spec al rate of postage provided for in sectior llUl a I of October 3 191 authorized January 20 1922 1 11 1 1 n Tuesday Thuisday Friday and Sunday morning 1 1 vcai Delivered local y by carrier for $1 76 for 8 n r or $■> 00 for two semesters by mail for $2 00 for t V t r i f3 50 for two semesters a) me tei mailed subscription ?1 50 1 11 csen ed for rational advertising by National Advertis do cc Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 M d on 1 e New Yolk N Y
Ankle Deep . . . Not ‘^0 many weeks ago Elmer Davis came ioitli with the statement that our nation was but ‘ ankle deep” in this wai Subsequent de\elopments bi ought about by the Navy and Maiines in the Pacific and our Flying Fortress Command ovei Euiopfe have somewhat modified this statement But for the most of us heie at home Davis’ declaration still holds tiue Daily, one reads and hears of the statements made by press correspondents and officials letuinmg from Europe and the Far East Almost m unison they tell of the deprivation the Geimans, Japanese, Russians and Chinese ha\e been undergoing for years and are at pie^ent undeigoing to give their respective wai machines a chance for victory These i^nrericans, fresh from the lands of our enemies and allies, were doubtless appalled at the 11 Significance of what we call “our sacrifices”, bemg made m the behalf of building a formidc.blc wai machine Logically, we at the University can not be e epected to exhibit such Spartan sacrifices as arc exemplified by the Chinese in their drawnoui campaign against the Japs and the Soviets in kheii life and death struggle aaginst Hitler But the facts remain that, in spite of an official Univeisity plea for curtailment, student u age of automobiles is still wasteful, that, to 3a> the least, war stamp sales on the cam]Dus have failed miserably, and, although slowh changing, student awareness of the present ciitical plight of the United Nations is remaikably sub par We do not maintain that the blame for these kttei .statements should be entirely shouldf led by the student body Perhaps a part of 1L can be atributed to the fact that, until furtne; diaft changes are made, war has been pl.iced befoie the students as something to be raced upon giaduaticn This atitude has been losUicd in pait by the advanced ROTC unit hne and the numerous “cold storage” enlistment plans presented to the student body But until we get a clear perception of the ’u uij and waste of our wartime Ameiican life m contiast to the enormous sacrifices beI'lg made in other paits of the globe for our common victory, a great many of us will conlij ue cn our blissful paths stiflipg our occaoicnal pangs of .conscience with a soothing V e’ll thmk about it tomorrow ”—a p h
The conduct of the War Relocation Authority m clapping* 200,000 Japs behind barbed wire, be they friends or foes of the United States, suggests that America has found a scapegoat comparable to the Jews in Ger-
many
Virtually all the Japanese m this tountry are American-born and a laige majority of them are citizens of the United States Disloyalty among them is much lower than among the Germans and Italians Yet while German and Italian aliens run around loose. General DeWitt herds native-born citizens of this country into West-Coast concentration camps Without any investigation of loyalty or citizenship, all Japs were given two weeks to liquidate their propel ty and prepare for the trek to the interior Last month the equivalent of the Pyne Prize at U C L A was given m absentia to a Jap m a concentration camp This discrimination is not the product of extreme caution but of a weakness for witch burning The Geimans and Italians m this country weild significant political power which forces the FBI to work tactfully, reviewing each individual case before internment In the case of the Japanese, who have no political power and over whom we enjoy a feeling of superiority, it appears convenient to spare the trouble of individual investigation and to cut the moff from 'normal life purely on a basis of race Of the 200,000 Japs now m camps, about 2,200 are of college age Many of them were snatched out of college, most would like to go The WRA is willing to permit some students to feturn to college, providing then college presidents are willing to assume personal and financial responsibility for them So far few but church schools have shown any eagerness to assume this responsibility and the Big Ten has definitely turned thumbs down It may be that Princeton, being in the Atlantic War Zone, will not be permitted to take Japanese students, assuming it is willing, but it is a possibility which should be given careful consideration Of the Japs now in concentration camps it may be that as many as 10,000 were originally disloyal to the United States But it is likely that 200,000“Will leave those camps disloyal Suph will be the result of a natural resentment nourished by fruitless months, perhaps years, in the grim, unpiofitable clutch of barbed wire encirclement While German and Italian aliens run free on both seaboards, the political machinations of democracy entomb loyal Americans and much-needed scholars and linguists in the bleak wastelands of Southern California —Daily Princetoman
Pharmacy School Dispenses Prescriptions By Thousands
A'
‘Perha'ps this is something we should do about that possible fuel shortage this winter, Caldwell ”
University Calendar Thursday, September 10
By lack Abbett Established in 1884 the University’s school of Phaimacy has grown until it now occupies its owh ivy coveied budding, erected in 1929, and has more than satisfied the demand for piactical and theo letical training m pharmacy at the Univeisity Di Glenn L Tenkms, dean of the school of Phaimacy, heads a staff^ of twenty people, whose vaiious jobs lun fiom teaching to opoiating the little known X lay machine The school’s hbiary housed in the Phaimacy Budding is composed of ovei 4 000 volumes and 50 journals A Model Drug Store Located on the fiist flooi of the Pharmacy Budding is the Apothp caiy shop Ihis model diijg store fills ovei thiity thousand picsciip tions that are compounded by the Student Health Seivice in a yeai The Apothecary shop was staitcd in 1910 and the first piesciiption was filled personally by the dean, Oliver P Tciry The hist ycai saw the filling of 1,401 piesci iptions, and ten yeais litei 1926 27 the iiumhei of filled picsciiptions leached 7 599 Headed By Kendell Ihe pie^cnt Apothecaiy is head ed by Haixy L Kendell who has the a'-sistance of thice othei legis teied phaimacists Ihesefoiu phar
8 00 AM 8 30 A M 9 00 AM 11 00 AM 3 00 P M 7 30 PM 8 00 PM
8 00 AM 11 00 A M 4 00 PM
8 00 AM 7 30 PM 8 30 PM 8 30 PM
Book Exchange Y M C A Meeting Federated Clubs Meeting “State Fail of the An radio Scieen Review Purdue Playshop—Open Meeting Society of Professional Engmeeis
Reception Room, Union C Faculty Lge Union Room 212 Union l?li7a Fowlei Hall Hall of Music Eliza Fowlei Hall Room 263, Union
Friday, September 11
Book Exchange ‘ State Fair of the An xadio A I M E Picnic
Reception Room Union Eliza Fowlei Hall
Saturday, September 12
Book Exchange Scabbard & Blade Meeting SCA Dance Mixei
Reception Room Union E Faculty Lge Union W Faculty Lge , Union Noith Ballioom Union
Today's Screen Review
SBhvks, SlhipsA.
George D. Canatsey instiuctoi in bacteriology, recently received an appointment as a first lieutenant in the Sanitaiy Coips of the Army He reported foi duty on Septem her 4 at the Geneial Hospital m Denvei, Coloiado He IS a Umveibity giaduate, having taken his BS degiee in ’37 and his M S degree m ’39 Lt. J. M. Roberf-son graduate from the University in ’36 was le ported missing in action aftei the Battle of Java and a decoiation for his fighting has been sent to his father, R R Robertson, ’07 giaduate While attending the University, Lt Robertson \/as on the swimming team and president of the Phi Delta Theta fiaternity He was acting in the position of bomber pilot in the Navy when he was leported missing Lh Jack M. Sheets ’42 graduate in Science School who was lecently giaduated from the Aii Coips Technical School at Lowry Field Denver, Coloiado, and assigned to 22nd Air Depot Group at Patterson Field, Dayton, Ohio has been tiansfeiied to Oklahoma City Air Depot Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Lt and Mis Sheets aie now residing at 725 N W 29th stieet m that city
(Students will be admitted upon presentation cards).
Indiana State Fair Enters
PIA Continues
Fourth Day Of Radio Programs Annual Drive
Inoianao ''tate Fair of the Air, V. tunc 1 eplactment of the an imil agucultuial exposition, will Id it fourth day at noon today V jlh tlic pjogiam bemg produced n Llira Fowler Hall and earned by lati ii'’ WBAA WIRE of Indian ijioh and WLS of Chicago I^arifi Women’s Day” ihe piogiam yesterday was d ^natedas Faim Women’s Day” ! ] tall !> wtie given by Mis C T < (tie piesident of the Indiana H nm Lconomics Association, and hv Mu DmtJ Wateis, Representaol Indiana State Fair Giils’ brhool of the past W B Waid and 1 (fla Cajdis of the Univeisity t ill, also appeal ed on the program \ lUi Mis Chailes Egers, the ( Miijpjofl faim gaidenei and ean 111,1 of the yeai Other 1 epresentatives were wom-
en with sons and husbands m seiv ice and women who are doing actual faim woik due to the laboi short age One peisonality, Mrs Nicholas Klein German born, told what it meant to hei to be living in Amei ica in compaiison with her native Germany Today’s program, ‘ Machineiy and Equipment Day,” will feature a discussion of the critical shoitage of farip machinery by Univeisity staff membeis, an implement deal ei and a county agent fomoirow, “Victoiy Day” will close the week’s piogiaiVi with a leview of the 1942 Fan Gov Henry Schiickei personally attended the first broadcast ol the senes, participating in foimalities that leplaeed the traditional cere monies of the Indiana State Fair
Puidue Independent Association launched its annual membership duve yesterday Repiesentatives will be selling the membeiships duimg the next two weeks Stu dents may also buy them at the PIA office between 4 and 5pm any day duiing the drive Appioxi mately 450 membei ships were sold this yeai at registration in com paiison to about 200 sold last yeai
at that time
Membeiships may be bought in the same way as they weie last yeai $100 foi two semesters rheie is a special oftei foi seniois who aie to giaduate in Decembei, such membeiships costing 60 cents The Association is also oftei mg again a Iiie insurance policy covei mg damage done by fiie up to $200 Those policies cost 76c and may be obtained at the same time the memberships are bought
Civil Service Revises Tests For Seniors Because of the scarcity of quali fied persons foi technical work the Civil Service Commission has is sued a levised loim of open exam inafions foi Technical Aosistant^ and Junior Physicists Junior Physicists and Teclinual Assistants interested can apply by obtaining foi ms fiom any last oi second cla‘'S post office rr fioin the Civil Service Commis i n at Wa.=h ington Classified as Junioi Phy i cists are men v/ho have completed a foul year college course and lia^ had 18 sem" tci houio ol phy ics Senior students expecting to giad uate within six months after filing application will be accepted Ihree Options Examinations for Technical As sistants con‘=ists ot tliiee options Physics Metalluigy, and Engineei ing To qualify undei any of the CpLions in uiiy giado eoiLun le quircmenls to houi of study in specified subject i must he met Pio viuion 1.= made lei tlic Kceptaiee of Technical A sistant applications fiom men wl o have not completed the tillee giadc^ tin et yeais ol c ol lege, two yeais, or one To qualify under any one Of the options in any glade, certain lequiiements as to houis of study in specified subjects must be met Theie aie no age limits foi these examinations which qualify men who pass them to m ike $2 000 if they aifi Junior Physicists, and $1,440 to $1 800 foi lechnical As sistants Applications will be ac cepted until the needs ol the sciv ice have been met but aio not dc sued fiom pci sons engaged m war woik unless the result would he the utilization of highei skills possessed by the workers
kirifi
Hi 11'-'"*
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE.
MM WHUilARE.... TIIATTMEYMAY LIVE! All Asaiti.|’ic»u joins (lie CoiuiiuuiB«lus...iaiid shows (lie llViiiiis soiueikiug new ill Alll-Oiil Aeliou!
Plodimira'IlsItasiiKi Corp
^TAlBOT^xDliniEZ
-plus-
LIONEL BARRYMORE LEW AYRES — inDR. KILDARE'S STRANGE CASE
macists instruct the 37 seniors in the filling of the piesciiptions that aie sent over by Doctor Miller, of the Student Health Service In the past yeai the Apothecary has distributed over 350 000 capsules, 6,600 quarts of liquid, 676 lbs of ointments, 176 lbs of powders, and over half a million tablets to keep the students in the University in a healthy condition The fact that each one of the prescriptions must be double chocked by one of the legisteied phajmacists befoi e it can be released also adds to the tremendous job DeKay Directs Dispensary Connected with the Apothecary IS the piactice dispensaiy under the direction of Prof Ilcniy G DeKay In this laboiatoiy pioviding piac tice dispensing junioxs aie taught to fill and handle prescriptions piopoily so that they will be leady lor actual dispensing in the Apothe caiy clpiing then senioi year The present school is composed of 146 undei graduates and 16 grad uates that upon graduation will go into the army as an mtiicate part of 0111 wai fnachine The job of filling the light piesciiptions m the light amounts to keep the fighting ma chine of the United States in con stmt good health will befall these
WBAA To Present Union Open House ‘ Union Open House a regular weekly summer ladio feature, will continue its soiios tonight at 7 00 p m over '•tation WBAA Hie pio gram wiitten m typic il college ‘(tyle IS sponsoied by the student union The purpose of the piogiam is to acquaint the students 'Wilh the van ous activities meplmgs clubs and dances being held in the Union The piogiim lo a micLuie of music and newo being presented by membeis of the Publicity Committee of the Student Union ind WBAA mem beis A "(pecial featiiie of the pioiiiam IS the pi 1 /inj of thr '^woet hop Hit" of the Week These aic the thieo hines which ai o mo"l populai on the Sweetshop nicl elodcon dm ing the pieceding weel
Daily Health Service Report
P E Bohm, senior Chemical en pineci II Lockwood Metalluigical enioi E L Shcvell Science school jiinioi and C G Volkman senior Me L illui gical weie admitted to St r hzabeth hospital Tuesday foi medical tiiatment Also admiited to St Elizabeth hospital fii sui gical treatment were K E Goode senioi Metal luigical and D T Singleton I M Ciy tal jiinioi in the school of Phaimacy and E B Levine, icshman engineei were admitted to Home Hospital foi medical tieat ment S L Timnioiio also entered Home Ho'-pital foi suigical treat ment
News of the Day—9 minutes 3:18—4'35 Unusual Occupations No. 1—10 minutes 3:27—4:44 Passing Parade—Strange Tefstament—10 minutes 3:37—4:54 Melody Masters—Carioca Serenaders—10 min. 3:47—5.04
John Gunther—
Information Please No. 1—10 minutes 3 57—5:14 Com. Sing—Good Time Songs—10 minutes 4:07—5:24 Speaking of Animals— In a Pet Shop—10 minutes 3.00—4:17—5:34
Disney Caitoon—
Lend a Paw—8 minutes 3.H)
-4:27—5:44 Out—5:52 ot schedule
Hays jewelry Co. 131 Norlh Fourth St. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
LUHA TODAY-FRI -SAT. TWO FIRST RUN HITS
Clarence
“SIICKTQ
YQIiS
I Paramount PlcWieleaWilni
VyiLLIAM
BOYD
'TVe
s,prnKini hit
wliH PON ’’RED” BARRY AinN wiy CURTIS M«RENZtE
TODAY THRU SATURDAY HAL ROACH prtioit* flESTA In Technicolor
ANNE AVARS .txiARMIDAC
m mmmMf
IT S FIRST RUN - ALSO —
AiAEfyjIlil.C.-SERIA't
Sn
Lit t PATHE NEWS
TODAY-FRI -SAT.
F0SIEil""l01«E
MARS
TODAY-FRI.-SAT.mm n '■' ! -1
P' J
*7^^ ; i‘
i ‘<~-V
-■■ Yi'r>f-x p-Wf-;yp>‘‘^;,
I ^hunsddy, September 1% 194^
6 !
1 .y
Boilermaker \Sporl8
Pdggf
i
S ports CommuniqueQ Distdnee Stars Report By Bob Hadley ■■" t%l •II* i II
Those who have been wondering wliat brand of football they will be Watching on autumn Saturday afternoons this season will get a chance to preview the prospects on two successive pre-season Saturdays. This Saturday at 2:30, the varsity will tear into the “B” team in a regulation game in Ross-Ade Stadium. The game will pit Elmer Burnham’s new oi^psive tactics against the general style of football characteristic of the Rordham Rams’ game. The varsity or "A” squad as it is termed in the articles of war, comprises the first four teams minus a few men who may not see action in the approaching game because of injuries received in practice encounters. The men have been working hard to get wind and muscle in shape for 60 minutes of rough going once a week, and its a real'jol). As yet there are no injuries on the list that are likely to keep players out of action for the season. Carl Volkman, tackle ' who received a head injury last week, but is still under observation ai|(4, still,a question mark, and Pinky Warren will probably take in Saturday’s game from the sidelines while nursing a bruised back. The “A” sq;uad, which is under the tutelage of Burnham, Red Mackey, Dutch Fehring and Mel Taube, met the frosh for the first time in a scrimmage session yesterday. The opposrtron presented by the Rhinies suggested the possibility that the Freshman-Varsity game scheduled for a week from Saturday may present a real encounter of a calibre not common to the game in other years. It also indicated that the blocking done in the line and downfield by the feoilermakers could stand improvement before they try to dent Fordham’s defenses in a scant two weeks. All those things take time and practice and the two coritests scheduled will give the Gold and Black some valuable game experience against the type of football they will meet later on. The “B” gang has been drilling steadily away at a set of plays I involving the “T” and box formations of the type which Fordham has used previously. Voinoff and France have some good backfield material coupled with an on-the-average light, but competent line nraking a team which may look pretty good in maneuvers scheduled , this fall. The passing and kicking of the varsity has been steadily improving, with Bob Chester, Bob Hajzyk and Ken Smock booting fairly consistently. Smock, m addition to Ed Cycenas and low-slung sophomore. Hurrying Henry Strain, have been flipping them to the spots effectively. They have been helped considerably by some neat and slightly impossible catches by McCaffrey, Hams, Smerke and Shimer.
To Phillips’ First Call A new record was set yesterday afternoon when 25 men turrjed out for Coach Hermon Phillips’ fall cross-country team. This is the largest turn-out that Coach Phillips has witnessed since he took over the track tasks for the Black and Gold. Tlie cross-country cinderm^n will be defen^ftf'th^ Sfktfe. Cross-Country Conference Championship which th^y won last season, This championship was 1,. '
Homer Allen Calls . Out Track Aspiranb In First Meeting ^ Fall track will get under^y this afternoon in the jpitip.1 .ip^etingj of the cindermen with Hpna^r, Allen, at 4 p. m. in Room lOTj F^ieldhouse, with a large group of oyal stars, in-
large Badger Team Rhinies^ Varsity Clash
Reports For Initial Wisconsin Practice
In Offensive Grid Drill
the-first one that the Boilermakers had won for 16 years. Among the many brilliant achievements of last year’s squad was'' its superior record of victories in all of the dual meets and Conference meets. The only defeats came in the National Meet when the Boilermakers fell to the superior forces of Rhode Island State and Connecticut. State.
Stars^Enlist ^
Only two sta^were lost last year eluding interested freshen and reby graduation. They are Ed Holder- '
man, last year’s captain, and “Ma'b”
McLaughlin. Both of these lads are now serving in Uncle Sam’s armed forces. Two other stars fromdast season’s squad are also signed up in the Army. They are Appleton and Kemp. Both would have been
seniois this year.
Additional material may show up for the cross-country squad this year whence first meeting of the fall track elmdidates convenes this
turning varsitymert expected to answer Coach AllCn’S first call of
the season.
Condition Three Weeks With the autumn plan the samej as the past several years,, equip-, ment and lockers will be issued tO' the aspirants and the first’three' weeks devoted to general conijij^oning. ' Returning to bolster the squad in its fall work-outs are co-captains
„ Bill Bancker and Alex Jentsch,
afternoon at 4 p. m. in room 104 of , -ii. t • • i -A ^ along with Livinghouse, sprnfier;
GREETING CARDS rOR ALL OCCASIONS iversitv Book Store
Acrosa From Union “Red” SnmmoDB *29 “Doc** Epple *40
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Lafayette
the Fieldhouse.
Yesterday’s cross-country workout was a short 4-mile limbering-up exercise designed to get the boys into shape for the first meet. This will come on October 10, when Indiana’ invades the Boilermaker domain. The second meet is on Octo-
COLLEGE MAJORS
SENIOR CORDS
Sweaters and Jackets Greater Style and Quality Styled by GANTNER Slacks made of Covert— Flannel—T wills— Doeskin Finger-tip and threequarter length coats. Cords—Flannel— Gabardines—Zelan SEE OUR NEW SUITS {RoqsUliu EAST SIDE SQUARE
Dodge in the broad-jump; quartermiler Archer; Grimm, pole-vault expert; Calhoun, shot and discus, and Barnes, hurdler, veterans of
last year’s track squad.
Sophs returning from last season’s yearling squad are: Brebner, high jump; Brown, high jump; Newepmb, pole-vault; Gutting, hurdler; Maloney, spTihts; Fiestkorn, middle 'distances; and Rearson and
Price, quarter-milers.
Competition under Allen’s g.uid- , ance will not only be in speciaband individual events, but a fall decathalon will also be staged. Each track
ba* 17, against an aggregation from
Illinois U.
The list of the 25 candidates that have reported so far this season is as follows: Archer, Ashwell, Davis, Duesler, Farnsworth, Greear, Har-
Price, Roach, Seward, Will, Young, Arnold, Camblin, Gernand, Gammie, Goffj Montgomery, Meier and Wil-
cox.
Notice
Bids for the concession privilege at Purdue’s home football, baseball, and track engagements during the coming athletic season will be received in the office of Guy Mackey, athletic director, up until Saturday, Sept. 19. Sealed bids for the concession privilege will be opened on Sept.^ 19 and the contract awarded to" the successful bidder.
man will participate in ten events, with four awards'being given the best all-around pei formers in the events. Fall track will condition the cindermen for the indoor season, which officials are planning to start in January instead of February, “It is quite possible that some of the good boys may be entered in some of the big meets in the East in Januaiy,” stated Allen about the prospective extra month of under-the-ioof competition. Today’s meeting is open to all inteiested in tiack, and the cinder mentor uiged that all attend.
MADISON, Wis., Sept. 9—Fortynine gridiron hopeftils answered Coach Harry Stuhldreher’s opening practice call last Tuesday as the University of Wisconsin football squad and coaches began preparation for the toughest schedule that any Badger team in history has been called on to face. Five Fail To Appear Stuhldreher had issued invitations to 54 men for the opening day workouts, but five on the selected list were unable to appear at the initial practice session. Fullback Bob Ray and Bob Hanzlik were busy taking physical examinations for enlistment in the nation’s armed forces on a deferred basis, Leonard “Bud” Seelinger, leading passer in the Big Ten in 1941 and heavily counted on in offensive considerations this fall, was unable to arrive in Madison on time because of crowded train conditions in traveling from his home in Great Falls, Mont.' Sophomore halfback Dan Rayacich and fullback Earl Jarnagin may not report for the squad. “Extremely Proud” The Cardinal coach said, “I am extremely proud of the condition of the men this year. We are not going to have to spend much time worrying about this. This is a great help, too, aife we certainly have a lot to do before Sept. 19 rolls around.” Because of the difficult schedule the Badgers will probably stick to a two-a-day practice routine until school opens. Stuhldreher feels that they will be lucicy if even this will be sufficient time to develop in their attack the well oiled proficiency which will be required to win a satisfactory portion of their ten games. Settled On Pat harder While little that is definite can now be said about the Badger starting lineup, it was evident that Stulhdreher is about settled on Pat Harder at fullback and Mark Hoskins at right half. The other two backfield jobs are still questionable with the left half spot being battled for by veterans Seelinger and Prank Granitz and sophomore Elroy Hirsch. Quarterback is another position which will receive a great deal of attention with sophomore Jack Wink and letterman Ashley Anderson given the best chance to finally win the first string job.
10
11
12 13
14
15
16 17
r r
For Senior Cords We have just received a large shipment of fine quality Senior Cords, expertly tailor^dtahd perfect fitting . . . complete with slide rule pocket. Sizes 28 to 38 Waist ^ We have your correct waist size and lengtii right now in stock.
$5.00
hoeh’s Men’s Shop Street Floor
Some fifteen members of this year’s husky freshman squad made their first appearance on the varsity practice field yesterday afternoon and, during the extended offensive scrim-' mage session that followed, provided plenty of opposition for Burnham’s crew. This year’s Rhinie outfit, nearly 150 strong, looks to be one of the finest if ___ gm m ’t « not the finest ever to represent IM Schedules the university.
Although frequently set back on their heels by this hard-charging band of firstyear men, three complete varsity teams, nevertheless, showed signs of brilliance as they continued to drill on timing and blocking in the execution of the deceptive new repertoire of plays which will be used this fall. With the short punt formation as the foundation, the Riveter offense should prove to be a decidedly different weapon than that which was employed during the
last season.
Stram, Berkley Tough Particularly outstanding yesterday afternoon were two very promising sophomore halfbacks, Henry Stram and Andy Berkley. Stram, who is built low to the ground as it is, seemed to skim the turf on several occasions as he cut and twisted away from the onrushing freshmen. Henry also tossed his share of passes. After taking Stram’s place in the left halfback slot, Berkley carried right on and handled himself like a veteran in leading the attack on the freshmen. On one occasion Berkley threw a 40-yard pass to left end Fprrest McCaffrey for one of the highlights of the afternoon’s play. McCaffrey, in true Rankin style, jumped high into the air while on the dead run to grab the pigskin from three
Rhinie backs.
Andretich Drives ' John Andretich, pile-driving halfback, literally howled over the opposition on frequent occasions. Tony Berto, operating yesterday at the quarterback position, cairied the ball with much of the power and finesse that he displayed during the earlier part of last season. Two members of the probable first string line were not in uniform yesterday. A1 Leugo, senior center who was kept on the sidelines last year because of a had leg, received a deep cut under his,left pye Monday, but is expected to be ready for actual contact work in the next day or two. Bruce Warren, hard-driv-ing tackle, suffered a back injury Monday and watched the practice from the sidelines yesterday. He will also be in uniform within the next few days. “Bees” Work Out While the varsity was Working against Coach Emmett Lowery’s Rhinie squad, Sam Voinoff, in charge of the reseives, continued formulating the offense that the “Bees” will use in the Gimlet sponsored game with the varsity Satuiday afternoon. This game will be the first of a schedule that is now being drafted for the Boilermaker
Bees.
The fololwing fraternities will play poftball Thursday, S^t. 10, at 4:15‘. ■ ' ^
Diamond ^
1 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Alpha
Gamma Rho.
2 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Pi
Kappa Phi.
3 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs.
Delta Upsilon.
4 Sigma Pi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 5 Delta Chi vs. Acacia. 6 Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sig-
ma.
7 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi
Delta Theta.
8 Phi Kappa vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 9 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Theta
Xi.
Theta Tau vs. Kappa Delta
Rho.
Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Sigma Nu vs. Kappa Sigma. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Alpha Chi
Rho.
Delta Tau Delta vs. Beta Theta Pi. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Triangle. Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Theta
Chi.
Stettner, Copper Win Mixed Doubles Crown Dick Stettner and Nancy Cooper recently emerged victorious over an original field of 30 tfeams to cop the All-Campus Mixed Doubles Tournament. Stettner, Indiana Intercollegiate Single runnerup and holder of the best won and lost record among the University’s varsity tennisters, and his partner, Nancy Cooper, local coed champion, triumphed over Rodgers and Burnham
in the final round.
Rodgers and Burnham reached the finals by overcoming Singer and Schuber by scores of 6-0, 6-2. Stettner and Cooper attained their berth in the finals by besting George Picha and Gloria Fox in the semi-
finals.
$8.75 buys ' a complete Desk-Pen Set With an $8.75 4 Guaranteed-For-Life Parker Desk-Pen ''
iw $12.50 a complete Desk-Pen Set with a $12.50 Parker "51" Streamline t Desk-Pen
Complete Bet at P^Uce 2>edA-Peft 04fdif You can obtain a beautiful Parker Desk-Pen set of green or brown onyx, black glass, Italian marble, metal, wood, or leather combination’' FOR THE PRICE OF JUST THE DESK-PEN ITSELF. BUT DO HURRY, these beautiful Jubilee Special sets can’t last long and we may not be .able to obtain them again. Decker s Inc.
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
Hinkle Has Trouble Balancing Great Lakes Football Squad GREAT LAKES, ILL., SEPT. 9—Lt. Paul D. (Tony) Hinklfe, director of football at the Great Lakes Naval Training Station, already is running into the coaching problems that plagued the staff during the final season of World War I. His squad lacks balance. *Many of thfe men scarcely know each other and hence must develop an esprit de corps so essential in modern football.
Lastly, his system still is just
as much a puzzle to most of Backfield number two 4^ comthem as a Navy hammock posed of Crawfoid, Cowart, Paul their first day aboard. Anddrson, Purdue, and Steve BeliAfter 10 days of practice, chick, f01 mer Western Reserve ath- . . . lete who rose from equipment man including a scrimmage equiv- fuUback with the Detroit Lions alent to neaily two peiiods of play, last year. Lt. Hinkle sized up the Bluejackets: '^he first line indicated by Lt. “A good line that will develop. A Hinkle included Cail Mulleneaux, bacflfield that might be anything Green Bay Packeis, and Fred Presfrom distinctly bad to pietty good.” ton, Nebraska, ends; Jim Daniell In the Hinkle single wingback and Urban Odson, Minnesota, at system, the left halfback calls sig- tackles; Ted Ramsey, Southern rials and the quarteiback is merely Methodist, and Ken Robeskey, Stana blocker. fold, guards, and Bob Johnson, Pur“Our .field geneialship was not- due, centei.
ably pdor during the first sciimmage and seveial other backfield f
weaknesses weie apparent,” he * •“'C^*****/ VJl/il fTICwC .said. “The backs have a long way _ ^ _ , to go before the opener at Michi- / 0 I OTHOttOW
gan on Sept. 26 and we’re still ex-
perimenting.” Fraternities may enter as many Mucha, Crawford—Experiments as they desire in the fraternity Among the experiments are Rudy Solf meet, scheduled to start toMucha and<-Bill Crawford, two for- iiioriow and end Friday, Sept. 18, mer linpmen, at blocking back, according to the announcement by Mucha, All-American center at the Ckief Clevett, Intiamural Director. University of Washington, was In the first links meets of its used in the backfield by the Cleve- kind for fraternity men, the parland Rams but Crawfoid is entirely ticipants will play 18 holes in the new at the job. A guard, he was qualifying round and be segregated voted Texas Christian’s most valu- into flights on basis of their perable playei last fall. foimances. Considerable depends upon the Three Must Qualify manner in which left halfbacks Each fraternity must qualify at Bruce Smith, foimeily of Minne- least thie^men in order to gam sota, Glen (Rusty) Cowart, Texas participation points, with the wmChristian, and Ed Hetteinan, St. ner being determined on a pointMary’s, direct their respective back- point basis, adding the totals in fields. All but Cowart—who doesn’t each flight. With eight flights listpunt—are triple thi eaters. ed for the competition, the losers At present, the first four aie m the “Championship” and “A” Smith, Mucha, Pete Kmetovic, for- flights will be placed in two consola-
meily of Stanfoid, and Bob Sweiger, captaiivof Minnesota’s Big Ten champions last fall. Kmetovic, bril-
tion flights foi extia points. Everyone must play 18 holes,
either all at once or nine at a time.
liant in Stanfoid’s version of the T aoJ turn in a score card signed by forma*tion, is having the same the opponent at the starter house trouble in the single wing he and near the first tee. Bad weather will other Stanfoid players experienced not prolong the competition, which before Clark Shaughnessey came will end definitely at sundown, Sept,
out fiom the University of Chicago 18.
Frosh Basketball All candidates for freshman basketball squad will meet on the freshman floor at 4 p. m., Tuesday, September 15th. —LAMBERT Ward Participants Will Meet Tonight Tonight at 8 p. m. there will be a meeting in Room 104 of the Fieldhouse for all independent students who are interested in a program of intiamural athletics. Wayne Shaffer, Senior Ward Manager, urges that all students, both those who have participated in Ward athletics before and those new students. who are interested in taking part in a well-rounded program of sports, attend this meeting. List Many Activities This year there will be Ward competition in the following sports: Softball, touchball, crosg-country, basketball, and others to be decided upon by the gioup at the meeting. Tentative dates also will be sat, schedules will be outlined, and the extent of each activity will be explained. The meeting will also serve as a 'callout for managers in each ward. For the benefit of new students, Ithe ward boundaries are listed below: Ward 1: Bounded by State, University, and Second Streets. Waid 2: Bounded by Second, University, and Stadium Streets. Ward 3: Bounded by Stadinm, Grant, and Northwestern Streets. Ward. 4: Bounded by Northwestern Street, Grant from Northwestern to Lutz Street, then to Vina (See WARD ATHLETICS, pns«'4>Pupdue Exponent
Thursday, September lOt 1942
Musical Organizations List Members For Fall Term
Personnel Notes Sigma Pi Names campus Sigma Pi, social fiaternily, au-
Goodyeai
Sim^ri Names Concert Choir
Emrick Announces Changes In Band
Ragains Selects Orchestra For Fall
Tire and Rubber Com- ofiicus foi pany, Akron, Ohio September 8, the followmg semestei Sage, Eui- ‘ jQ e-^t R Paulliw, Wabash, Piist ’General Motors Corporation. De- Counseloi, Robeit Todd, Elmhuist, tioit, Mich Septembei 9, 10, 11. Counse oi, Chailes G Monsanto Chemical Company, St Hanley Kansas City, Mo Thud Louis, Missouu Septembei 14 and Counseloi, Waiien^ G Klehfoth,
15
Pi of “Spptts” Emiick has lecently announced the pi emotions, appointments and assignments foi
thg University Military Band Dan tei,m
Those students who are to pai ticipatein Conceit Chou dunng the Tall term have been named by Albeit P Stewart, choial duectoi Members of the Concert Choir ai e also membeis of the Univeisity Chom and they take part in many of the Convos and piogiains pie sented heie The Conceit Chou is a much smallei gioup and in previous years has tiaveled lather exten-
sively.
The following students have been
chosen
Soprano
Janeth Dixon, Jeanne Busenbaik, Wilma Palmei, Betty Ray, Virginia
Uliey, Fiances Vaughan, Janet Coers Heads Percussion
The Prest-O-Lite Co , Inc , Indianapolis—Coming September 16
Joseph Ragains, who is in chaige Intel ested in M E , Met E , Ch E , of the University Orchestra has le- and Industrial E Sign in Personnel leased the list of students who aie Office by Monday, Septembei 14
Riehmond, Fouith Counselor, Robert D Allemang, South Bend, Ileiald, Richard D Allemang, South BencP, and House Manager, John
W Giamelspachei, Jasper The fraternity also announces
to form the Orchestra for the fall North American Aviation, Inc., the pledging of Robeit E Roberts
Those persons interested in Inglewood, Calif—Coming Septem-
C Ross, bvt captain and band ad lutant, heads the commissioned officers He IS a member of Eta Kappa Nu, Scabbard and Blade and Ream-
ers
—Bvt Captain W A Hammer is the Band’s new military officer Hammer is president of Sigma Nu fraternity, a member of Scabbard
the organization tiied out Friday and Saturday and from those persons the following membeis were
chosen
Alison M Arnold, Phyllis Baker,
ner 17 and 18. Interested in Dec M E, C E, E E, and Aero B Sign in Personnel Office by Satur-
day, September 12, 1942
Ranger Aircraft Engines, Faim-
of West Lafayette, and Albert P Hoover and Harvey N Dean, Jr ,
of Thornton, 111
Charles E Boonstra, Louis Calda- mgdale. Long Island, New Yoik
lelli, Reta Gertrude Camp, Robeit Septembei 23 R Cartinell, William B Clark, Rich-
aid Cleary, Mary Ann Click, Glenn Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corpora-
Notices
riarernrry, a ----- - T'Ttr Davidson, Jean Elizabeth Douglas, tion, Chicago, 111-Interested and Blade, the Catalyst club and the women who ha
Gimlet club
Place, Jeanne Crane, Betty Wedge, Mary Tayloi, Helen J Hart, Ruth
Lee
Alto
Barbara Heide, Virginia McCar-
Bvt Captain R J Cpers is detail officer of the band Coers, a inembei of the Theta Tau fraternity and
women who have majored in Chemistiy or who have had at least 2 years of this subject Sign in Personnel Office by Sat^&ry, Septem-
ber 12
Haibison-Walker” Refractories
Louis Richard Douglas, Dorothy Downey, Hubert H Forbes, Don Flier, Hilda Jean Gettinger, Helen Harrington, Barbara Ileide, Barbara Hipskind, Robeit Holmes, Max
F Homfeld, Edwin Hoinaday, Bet- ^
Scabbard and Blade, is in chaige of ty Joyce Hughes, David Hyde, Rob- Compgny, Vai\jlalia, Missouri Inthe Band’s 25-piece percussion sec- eit C Jones, Elmer F Kern, Wen- teiested in EE and ME Sign in
ty, Ruth Ralston, Evelyn Shell, Lu- tiOn The Supply Officer of the Band dell A Landmann, Geneva Larimer, the Personnel Office by Tuesday,
Cille Siegler, Cai olyn Wood, Jeanne is 1st Lt R G Gast, a member of Ruth Legg, Lours William Lehnen Septembei 15
Miller, Marilyn O’Hara, Peggie Scabbard and Bla^le and Pi Tau Maithaeunice McHaffie, Mildred U S Civil Sereiee Commission
Sigma Maple, Mary Alice Meeker, Alice announces openings for junior phyOther commissioned officers are Jeanne Miller, Becky Morrison, sicists, $2,000 a year and medical as follows Bvt 1st Lt F Bass, Mario Pagliarulo, Olive Mae Phin technicians, $1 410 $2,000 a year
ney, Wayne K Puce, B H Rosen, There are no written examinations
Sims, Helen Sanders, Penny Pen-
nington, Marjorie Zumstein
Tenor
Vernon Burnidge, Ray Fiiend, Frank Hopf, Bob Keithley, William Morgan, Jim Ubelhait, Thomas Van Arsdel, David C Hammer
Bass
Richard Buffington, John Mingle, Glenn Earl, Robeit H Wilson, Paul Harrington, Joseph Richards, Richard Kohls, William Kennedy, Joseph Lautner, Lloyd W Myers, Robert E Myers, William Rothenbeigei
personnel officer, 2nd Lt H W Koch, publicity officer, 2nd Lt G C Huffman, assistant military officei, and Bvt 2nd Lt F T Hemlei, as
sistant to the director Non-Commissioned Officers
technicians. Puce, B H
Yale P Schaevitz, Dave Schaffnei, for Phyllis June Scholl Maiiljn Scud del, Richard H Shan, George Sil her berg Frank E Skinner, Robert W Slick, Kailann Smith, Hyman S Smulevitz, Doris Speake, Dick
these positions Applications may be obtained at the Lafayette Post Office I or further information call the Placement Service for
Women (2955)
Former Cury Club Memners A.ny fellows interested m iisboemtc Gaiy Club member bhip should BKTUire nt the C iry Hill So ith jlficc for fuithcr dctailb Thofae eligible must be non fraternity nembtrs who hi\e lived in the halls foi i oi more senusl is
*-JACKfaON
fraternity Kush Chairman A supplement to the list of incoming freshmen is avail uble at the riateimty Mlairs Office Come up ind get your copy —SCHWAB POMM Keys are now avail ibic it jewelry store —HUNT Enlisted UebCrve Corps All non mil itaiy Students d siiing inform ition or desiring to apply foi the Enlisted Reserve Cirps should ipi ly to room Bl basement of the Aimoiy Fieshman and oplumore militaiy students will be inf rmed in tin u niilitaiy elissvs where ind when to ipply
—GRAHAM
Junior IM^ilitary Students Who were for meily ineludtd iiultr par ^0 (i t at thin wn expense) but who h ive since <?igned th eontr let will pltTst call it the Militiiy Del irtmciit Supply Oflice and obtain re ' . LT BROWJ^ Catalyst Club Members The meeting will be held Thuis lav Sejt 10 at K) i m I luisi me t it tl fionl eitrmce of the Chemical ml M tTlluigieil 1 uilding
—SWAGER
Head Counscibra Ihere will be a meeting of all held counselors on FridSy Sept 11 at 4 *10 p m in the AWS office Bring in lepoits from all colinsclois undii you -^VANGORKON Ghdcr Club Opin meeting Ihursday eve ning Septembei 17 in room 155 of the TJnion at / 40 p m Moving pictures ol Olub ttctivitns will be <5hown —SHAKEL Military Co^ Instruction Extiaeurncu lai insfruction m Int(inational Mtnse Code will stait Monday September 14 Any student Intel ested hould sign up in the supply nom It the Armon bi^foic 14 noon on Sat III day Scit 12 ~ BURKIIARI Alpha 7cta Meetin m loom U4 of the Union at 7 10 1 m Thuisdo Sept 10 Impirtint DlTSSI IN Model Unilroaaers Meeting oJ th 1?iii due Model Railroul Club 1 nday Scilember 11 at I p m at the layout foiuth llooi Meehjiiieal Engineering Building All in teieskl invited uu 0 gnu e equipment will have lunniii} rights —ARMSIRONG All New I reshmen Freshmen who hive not been lUshed ind ini icstcd in fiat iiii ties legist r in the Fraternity Aflaii j Office i((m >8 in the Union Building any time ifUr I 1 m Ihursdiy ei I ndav WII COX I raternity Rush Chaiimcn llie 1 AO hi if new iicshmcn intere tel in being i ish el are ivailible inylime aftci 1 i m M ndn\ thiuugh liicliv —WILCOX History Gov and Econ C Removal 3 xaniin ition« f( r tl e i mjv il of con litions inel nuompletes in Hi t Lc )n ii 1 v will b held en Sit Oct 10 it 1 P m in 1 n iU j1 tl 1 eit t! n bi il 1 i g Ap| li ( iti( n must 1) made 11 adv inee
] SlEY
All Model Builder.! I he first meellnp of the Aciomodelt-is this semtstei will be holU in loom 80 of thi Union 'llie>eeling wig start promptly at 7 46 Ihuisday Sept ly Iveiyone intcicsted is uiged or Who w
plnni inR to join should attend
bummar Mirriatrc Course Enrollecds Pumisid Uolddb Him Dr Bmkhart are in the Hicc of Dr WilkciiinK dean of mSi rhist nhj disiic may obtain triem
hy cillinj, aintimi fiom 0 to I )>
-PAlBICIf
All Orivani/ation Presidents Pian on hnvinu your t ij, mirations and actwlW isroups uady for the i,ioup pictures for the Debris to hi taken the lust week in SeptimUr Yon mil ht notified as to the exact time and dite —HLGKAKU Zouaves Fractiec for Corps Day Drills
hold Monday througB
Sept 21 and 21) will hi held Monday throug. 1 inlay ol iviiy week until notice of dis-
ci ntinualion is t,'v<
1 P m »
the Armory atf
JACKSON
Thomas Say 1 ntomology Club Meeting Ihiisdav S il 10 at 7 JO i m in Room 10 Au 11UI P'of Davis Christian boicncc Organization There will hi a rccLption fir all students intersli I in ChnstuTi Science on Sunday Bept 11 at I 10 p m in thp Retetpion Room if the Uni m -WATT AIML Picnic I ndav aCternoon Sept 11, it I p m at In recant t County Fnirgriilnds 111) with lut tiansportation meet at (him and Mit I milling P 1) ill and c its SCHAI LIOL Met Lngincers Movie on production of st el will be shown Monday Sept 14 at JO 1 m in Diiwing Room ot Hoavilon Hall Anew - -/’P-cHAU lOL
Gillilan
(Continued fiom page 1) Cl earn of the Washington cone
The lecently piomoted non com- Spiay, Anita Tetei Robeita Thoma, missioned officers aie M F Andei William A Tinslei, Jr , Lloyd W son, master sergeant and band li Toney, Aithui Tieisback, J me biarian, R B Cliffoid, mastei sei- Wadleigb, Heniy H Wakeland Jo geant and conceitmeistei, J G seph U Wbistlei, Donald McCaslm, Byeis, technical seigeant and as Fiances Mellon
sistant supply offioei, J R Wood, technical sergeant and quaiteimas tei, W J Kolaeek, technical sergeant and head dium majoi, J H
pondents thus enabling him to keep ^^nderson, 1st sergeant in charge of
up his extensive knowledge of the Washington situation According to Thomas Brady of the New Yoik Speakei’s Bureau, Gillilan will, as IS his custom of the past, “tell much of what he knows about Washington and a veiy little of what he thinks” Two of Gillilan’s after dinner ad-
all details, G M Palmei, staff seigeant, quaiteis detail, E H Wig geis, staff sei geant and technical officei, R V Evanson, staff sei geant assigned to supply office, C B States, staff sei geant in chaige of music detail, W H Webei sei geant assigned to headquaiteis of
dresses are reproduced completely fice, M B Myers, sei geant in in one of the lecent editions of chaige of equipment detail, R F “Modern Eloc^uence” One of these Sharp, sergeant, technical detail, was deliveied at a banquet given \V A Cheney, sergeant of the music foi President William Howard Taft detail, R L Weigle, seigeant of when the lattei was guest at a publicity, J A King, seigeant in
Knights of Columbus convention in Pei 10, 111 The othei was given as an intioduction of Lady Margot Asquith to a Kansas City audience. Music Hall Open At 2 30 The doors of the Music Hall will open at 2 30 p m for the convocation, and admission will be by cashlei’s receipt Ol season ticket Noieseived seats will be for sale and single admission tickets lyill be on sale m the Executive Building and at the dooi at the pi ice of fifty-five
cents, tax included.
Ward Athletics
(Continued fiom page 3)
Stieet, Stadiuni^east to Giant Stieet Baines, 5th field tiumpetci, M
and then noith on Giant
Waid 5 Bounded by Giant,
Noith, Vine, and Lutz Stieets following fieshmtn weie ac Waid 6^ Bounded by Giant, State, gepted Joi membeiship in the Uni
veisity Mihtdiy and Symphonic
chaige of chan and lack detail, J M Isaacs, seigeant of the quaiteis detail, D D Wcits, seigeant in
chaige of percussion detail
J J Bonnei, coipoial of music detail, R J Reed, coipoial of pub licity, R S Macy, coipoial ol quai teis detail, R E Hill, coipoial ot equipment detail, E N Hemmei, coipoial of chan and lack detail, J A Shaw, coipoial ol technical detail, J K Lewis, coipoial and as sistant chum majoi, piinciple field tiumpetei, in chaieg of tiaining tiumpeters, 1st field tiumpetci, M B Meyeis, 2nd field tiumpetci, R J Nelson, 3id field tiumpetci, H R Beiiy, 4th field tiumpetei, A J
Oveta Hobby (Continued from page 1) equal that of a major, will eventually command an army of 150,000 women seiving with the aimed foices as cleiks, cooks telephone opeiatois and in other positions wheie they will release men foi
combat
At the age of ten Mis Hobby’s father began hei education in poll tics and law, and at twenty she was a membei of the bar, Houston s as sistant city attoi ney and paihamen taiian m the state legislature At other times she managed a ladio station and a newspaper and diiect ed a bank She went to Washington as head of the Women’s Division of the Wai Dcpaitmcnt Before she staitcd veaung the official cap of WAAC Mis Hobby earned the reputation of owning the sciewiest of all the sciewy hats in Washington
Players Will Hold Meeting Tonight
Pill due Players, campus diamatic of’tin
honoiaiy will hold an open meet ing loi all students inteiested in Playshop as an activity this eve ning at 7 10 in Fowler Hall, accoidim, to Maiianna Dul>e, Playeis’
secietaiy
At the meeting Di H Kcnn Caimichael will lead a light and amusing play, and several of the Playeis will piescnt a shoit pla5, “The Miiaclo of the Danube ” The whole meeting will be conducted in ladio style Those iieshmen who came to the callouts last week aie especially iiiged to attend
M I 11 6.> (lb Condition Exam*! Condi tion exams in the above c lu ea will be fcivin Saturday Sipt l^’ it 1 p m in Kom 408 (f the Mtehanieal Enuneci mx bill! In J, Plcast notify Hill rot m 301 im mcdiikb if >ou intend to like tht t exams
-AULT
Kappa Psi Ihoro will bo a rmitinj, next
Ih isdiv S 1 I 10 it 8 p m in r m 201
Union —PAINE
Interfraternitv Presidents Council Dm ner meitiTj, at Dclti Tai Delta (ii Thurs
d ly Septembei 10 t b i m
—RIDER
bit,ma Delta Psi Impoitant m tinj, for irll mtmbci on Ihuisdav Stptembti 10 at p m in room 10 of the Fuldhou e
—ARNOID
Chinese Students Ih fust m ctim? ot this semester will Ik held on Fiiday Sep t ml (1 11 at " p m at Iht r sidti ce jf Ml an 1 Mis C< le 234 W od strict West I ifivetto Baibecue will bo serve I after the meeting LIANG
A Short Perky Hair Style for year Colleye Future
Short and casual hail styles done hy an expert will late you high in a heauty major. BEAUTY SALON, 2nd FLOOR
Classified Ads
1
Wr NEED boy f( i binq i art intti sttd il ply Piiitluc tci la
w rk If y i Unit n Cafe
For bale‘Iwenty dtll
•Bley le in ^ood s Phone 31161
Seniors
Rccd, and 6th field tiumpetci, L
Hull
If you have not had your Debris senior picture taken and jou graduate in December or May, register at once in the sub-base-ment of the Union unless you already have an appointment Ihursday is the last day that the photographer will be her If you have missed your appointment, make a new one.
Typewriters—Adding Machine'? all makes sold rented lepairtd andpurchistd Mimeograph work done C J Ebeibhoff bOiMain I afayette Phone 79 Money to loan on diamonns watches guns ugg ige tyj ewriters Albert s j oan OTice 107 Columbia Will pay cash f r ii > old or now used Dicvel s Kiger Shell Seivice Northwestern at Col imbia
§ DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
Vine, and Noith Stieets
Ward 7 Bounded by State, Vine, North, Vine to Salisbuiy, Salisbury to Lutz, Lutz to Littleton, south on Littleton to Fowler, east to city
limit
Ward 8 Bounded by Vine, North, Salisbuiy, and Lutz Stieets Waid 9 Bounded by Vine, Lutz, and Salisbuiy Stieets Ward 10 Includes State Stieet on the north, both sides of Chauncey, and above 240 S Gi ant Waid 11 Bounded by Maistellai, State, Sheetz to Wood, Wood to Giant, and south on Giant to city
limit
Bands following tiyouts last week A R Balitz, A J Baines, L F Baumann, J D Beig, J A Beinaicl, J W Bland D W Buich, J E Bush G E Caitei U F Caitei, R Chandlci, R A Chapman, J M Chenoweth, D L Claik, C L Comp ton, C R Cook, C D Cfoidcn, C H Cosand, H A Ciooks, A F Culbeit son, W A Davis, G Dawson, W C Doish, J E Douglas, H H Du Giamut, R M DuPuy, R lowlci, C E Geib, J E Gelwicks, R A Gossett, G E Giosbach I J Gioss K R Handy, R F Hanoi, L B Haiiison, C L Hcmmei, D H
Waid 12 Bounded by State, Hodgin, N E Hollis, D W Huff, L
Sheetz, Wood, and Pieice
Waid 13 Bounded by State, Pieice, then Wood to Grant, 240 Grant east to the houndaiy in back
of Chauncey Sticct
Waid 14 Bounded by Salisbuiy On the west, and Lutz and Fowler
east of Littleton
Hort Department Calls For Tomato Pickers Pgit time employment picking tomatoes will be offered to University students until the middle of October by the Horticultuic department in its experimental plots Due to the shoitage ol laboi, thousands oi pounds of tomatoes aie lotting in the field, lathei than being piocessed loi the coming wlntpr AH students who have an afternoon or morning without any clashes way help m the goveinHient food duve as well as eain
moiiar.!
E Hull
J D Jeffiies, H A Johnson, H W Jones, L D Jones, W M Jontz, J C Kilgoie, D J Koch, J E Leslie, J B Lettezman, J R Lint/, R Lucdcking, D R Mangold, R S Maikel, R G McNamce, J R Mil lei, D H Mitchell, I W Moigan, H N Moms, J E Nagle, C E Nuckcls, R K Osboiiie, W R Pavclchek, M R Petit, H C Pyle, ( L Rabci, H L Rawlings, M D Rccd, R A llcsnik, J A Roney, J M Ruszlei,J L Shelton, W Shew ski, J R Stackci, R D .Stcwait, D C Stimson, W B Thompson R A Vining, J H Watteis, H E Whitlock, H D Wildman, R R Winings, S Wolin
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
POWDER
A glorious luxury! This Poweder Mitt fits your hand snugly. With it you can pat on your after-bath powder evehly and smoothly — drenching yourself in the fragrance of apple blossom or bouquet powder. Finely fashioned in a rosy print on grounds of blue, rose^ yellow or white. The perfect gifti
Aim for Victory
with
Uoited States War Bonds and Stai^ps
V ill