t r j
^ « Rt,
•fil I f I 'f
y <
Purdue
ZwIW
riiX’Donerit J^i#\i JLJL^#'JiA »
Volume 51, No. 144
Thundoy, Aptll 4, 19«}
A. Philip, French
Deputy, Speaks At
Prom Tickets Still Available
Last Hight's Convo
“The Hitler-Stalin pact was the best thing that ever happened — to France.” Andre Philip, last night’s ' convocation speaker and French Deputy, explained this seemingly paradoxical statement by pointing to the consolidation of classes in France since the German agreement with Moscow. “With one stroke Fascism and Communism were killed in France,” Philip stated before a large audience in‘'Fowler Hall. In discussing the war aims of the allies, Philip stated pointedly that they were not fighting “to make the world safe for democracy.” “We are fighting Hitlerism for the possibility of estabUshmg something better; the war itself will never solve ansdihing,” Jie said. Philip defended the treaty of Versailles us an instrument '(that on the whole was not so bad.” He stated that the treaty of Versailles had established nearly ideal boundaries. Advocates Federation Philip advocated a federation of small states after the war in which democratic processes would be guaranteed. As a step toward a United States of Europe, Philip uiged an intercountry public works piogram following an allied victoiy.
Prom tickets are still available but they should be secured Soon as only a limited number are left and they are going fast, announced the Prom committee. The tickets will be on sale until Saturday noon. Juniors and seniors may obtain tickets priced at three dollars by presenting their passports and the money at the cashier’s office. The prom this year will be a summer formal with white coats and soft shirts being the proper attire for the evening. Students who have a Junior rating but do not have passports may go to the registrar and receive a note which they will present to the cashier in order to get their tickets. Stubs, which must also be signed, will be used for passports thus making the dance secure from underclassmen.
W. Pratt To Discuss Frosted
Foods At Home Ec Meeting
Mr. W. D. Pratt bf Indianapolis will speak to the Institution Marketing class today at 2 p. m. on the subject of “Frosted Foods.” After his talk, Mr. Pratt will present a film which will show the freezing of different types of food such as fruits, vegetables, poultry, and meat. Following the talk, the class will score fresh, fi-ozen, and canned foods to judge and compare the qualities of each. Comparison will then be made of the cost of one pound of edible portion of fresh, fiozen, and canned goods.
Tati Epsilon Phi Ticket Sal^
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officeis, Seymour Udell, president; Oscar Shaevel, vice-president; Arthur Cohen, treasurer; Jerome Fisher, secretary; Robert Cahn, histoiian; Alan Arkm, house manager; and Stanley Abrams, stewart.
. . . for “Sweethearts will begin Apiil 10 at the West Desk of the Union and at Decker’s book store. Beside a two day advantage in seeming reserved seats, holders of green exchange tickets will be given pieference in seating. 800 tickets have been sold to date.
Composer Of "Sweethearts," Famous For Music, Might Have Been Doctor
By Mary Burtsfield
“Naturally the biography of a great composer wouldn’t include all the little intimate details which his peisonal friends might know.” That is what a prominent citizen of Lafayette, and a personal friend of Victor Herbert’s said as he spoke of the famous composer. During Victor’s trips to Lafayette, they would sit up far into the night discussing his life and his musical caleer. All this happened after Victor Herbert had established his reputation as one of America’s most popular composers. Now what about Victor Herbert’s life as it is portiayed by a loyal and admiring ±nend? Medical Career? Victor’s father died when he was 12, and his grandfather then assumed the responsibility to look after the boy’s future. He hoped that he would choose a medical career, but soon discovered that the boy’s talents in music predominated. Victor and his mother went to Stuttgart, Germany, where he began to study music at the conservatory. First he had to learn the German language. There at school, a relative of Victor’s friend took a liking to him and helped him in his studies. From his studies at the school, he went on to the conservatoiy, where he graduated with honors. His first venture as a performing musician was as a member of a quartet which toured Germany and Austria. Victor played the cello, the instrument in which he perfected himself. On his return he secured a position as cellist at the royal opera house in Stuttgart. In New York “Now,” Victor’s friend said, “the scene changes to New York.” At the death of Leopold Damrosch, the master musical leader of New York, his young son, Walter, was asked to carry on the work of his father.
Walter Damrosch sailed to Germany to engage some stars, especially Wagnerian artists, for the opera. When he came to Stuttgart, he wanted to sign under contract two famous singers, Lilly Lehman and Foerster. Miss Lehman accepted Damlosch’s offer at once, but Miss Foeistei refused. Damrosch, trying to determine the cause of her refusal found that she could not accept because of Victor. “And who is Victor,” asked Damrosch patiently ? “He IS my lover,” she replied. “Well, m that case,” continued Damrosch, “come to see me tomorrow and bring him with you.” As the result, Damrosch engaged Victor Herbert as a cellist for his orchestra. His wife became a star, and Victor remained in the orchestra pit unnoticed.
Howevei, Victor’s oppoitumty soon came. He was selected as conductor of the famous Marine Band and thus started his career as a musical leader. The good looking, impressive bandmaster, in brilliant uniform attracted attention and his fame grew. Begins To Write Often, in the company of musical' friends, Herbert would sit at the piano and play melodies, as inspiration and imagination came to him. Once a fiiend said to him, “Victor, you are so rich in musical thoughts, why do you not write music?” He did and a new composer was born. Later he frequently formed an orchestra and traveled over the land, playing his creations, and popularizing them. He came to Lafayette several times and this is where he met tbe prominent citizen who tells in these preceding paragraphs a personal story of Victor Herbert. His music will be revived again on the campus when the Varsity Show present?, “Sweethearts,” in Eliza Fowler Hall, April 18 to 20.
Third N ISA Convention Fire Dfestroys
Registration Starts Today
Old Situcture
ConvoTonightWiil Feature Skinner In
Opening the third National Independent Students’ Association here today the Executive Committee, headed by Jerry Hinshaw, president of the Purdue Independent Association, will meet to determine the association’s policy for the coming year. Sn^all convention details will be "ironed out” at the committee meeting. The convention will officially open tomorrow morning with an opening meeting at 10 o’clock. Registration will be in the Union main lobby this afternoon and tomorrow morning.
I *
Elward Prepares Gridders For Clinic,
Intra-Squad Game, Next Fall's Schedule
With next fall’s grid schedule all settled. Coach Mai Elward has set his varsity gridders to work in earnest to prepare them for the full eight-game card. Scrimmage every day and two regular game scrimmages each week are on the spring training program as 'the Boilermakers get ready for five conference and three non-conference battles.
When the University of Chicago unexpectedly withdrew from the gridiron game in midwinter, the Riveters were left with but four conference tilts. Such a setup gave them little chance to be actual contenders for the Big Ten championship However, through the efforts of Nobe Kizer, a game has been scheduled with Ohio State to complete next season’s card.
Three Goals
During the spring practice sessions the Boilermaker gridders have been pointing toward three occasions First they will serve as demonstration models to the assembled gild coaches and officials here Saturday at the ninth annual football clinic. Second, tliJey will play in the annual intra-squad game which ends spring tiaimng on May 4 And lastly they have their eyes set on
next fall’s schedule
Only three of the Boilermaker hold-overs: Captain Rankin, Mike Byelene, and Jim Miller, saw more than 200 minutes of competition out of a possible 480 last fall. According to Mai Elwaid, the cagey Riveter coach, the team is facing a peculiar problem With Ohio State the second game on next year’s schedule, Elward will have no chance to experiment and is faced with the problem of choosing next year’s team dm mg the present spring drill. Much of the success of next yeai’s team will depend upon how the present freshman footballers shpw
llth Annual FFA Conference Opens Here This Morning
up in the fall battles.
The backfield has no lack of backs who are capable of running up big yardage but there is a shortage of blockers of the calibre of Hennis, DeWitte, and other lost backs. Purdue has always had a reputation for being a hard tackling and blocking team and Elward is going to see to it that next year’s team is no ex-
ception
Eleventh annual state convention of the Indiana Association of Future Farmers of America will open today and continue through Saturday. About 300 representatives of the state’s 132 FFA chapters are expected to be present on the campus. An executive committee meeting will open the convention this morning. Members attending this meeting will include state officers, district officers, and district advisors, and will meet in the education building. The first general session will take place this afternoon, when the usual ceremony and business will occupy important places on the program. Addresses at the various meetings will be given by Dr. Z M. Smith, state leader of vocational agiiculture education" and state FFA advisor; J. R. Rees, Columbus FFA chapter advisor; and by Ivan Kindschi of Wisconsin, national FFA president. ^ The annual banquet, at which time all winners of the various contests will be announced including the names of those who will receive the “Hoosier Farmer” degree, will be held tomorrow evening in the Union building. Tomorrow noon from 12 to 12:30, district, state, and national leaders will take part in a program over WBAA.
Regular Army To Fill
Phi Kappa
Eleven Commissions
. . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: president, R. D. O’Neil, Ashland, Ky.; vice-president, R. E. Jansing, Cincinnati, Ohio; secretary, F. R. Driesbach, Lyndon, Ky.; treasurer, M. R. Ferrer, New York, N. Y.; rush chairman, N. J. O’Malley, Huntington; house manager, R. E. Fox, Port Wayne; social chairman, M. W. Hoffman, Port Wayne; sergeant-at-arms, W. C. Clodjeaux, Oakland, Cal.
Eleven commissions in the regular army will be filled by examination this summer, 5th Corps area, Columbus, Ohio headquarters announced yesterday. Applications must be made to the nearest commanding office by May 25. Men between the ages of 21‘ and 30 on October 1 who are single and have always been single are eligible. Those men who have taken two previous exapds may not apply for this examination.
Late yesterday afternoon a fire of unknown origin broke out m the old abandoned Dryfus building at First and Ellsworth streets. Flames lashed at the structure for hours and the mass of black smoke caused by the grease-soaked interior attracted spectators from miles around. Many thousand spectators who gathered too close were forced to flee when the walls began to collapse. „ Part of the building which has been recently occupied by the Myer bakeries of Kokomo was also destroyed. 'Thirteen trucks were in the building at the time of the fire. Two were destroyed and the other eleven were safely removed. The building which was approximately 90 years old was worth less than
$5,000.
Oral Sketch Series
Cornelia Otis Skinner, known in the theatrical world as a “top notch sorceress” wiE present a program of monologues at a regularly scheduled convocation at 8 o’clock tonight in Memorial gym.. According to Professor J. T. Gunn, convocation committee chairman, all passports and season tickets will be honored at the door. Miss Skinner introduced her style of drama several years ago
E. L Kelly Will Open Marital Lectures
The Committee members from left to right: Dean J. F. Findlay, University of Oklahoma, executive secretary; John Oakson, University of Kansas; Jerry Hinshaw, Purdue University, convention chairman; Dan Williams, Northwestern University; Francis Woodard, University; and Jack Strong, University of Minnesota. Not pictured are Dean Arno Nowotny, University of Texas; and John A. McReynolds, Oklahoma University.
This Afternoon At 4
Dr. E. L. Kelly, member of the University psychology staff, will speak to senior men and women in the first of a series of marital lectures at 4 p. m. today in room 101 of the education building. Subject of the address will be “Psychological Aptitudes for Marriage.” This IS the first in a series of fom* lectuies. The first two aife open to all senior men and women. The last two will be open to senior eds only. Lectures of this sort have been held here for the past nine years. Today’s speaker was instrumental in their inauguration at the University. Chairman for today’s lecture will be Dave Brubeck, senior Umon executive. The programs have been so planned as to allow 45 minutes for the formal lecture and time afterwards for answers to any questions the audience may ask. According to Professor O. F. Hall of the education and applied psychology department, four lectures were scheduled this year instead of the customary six. Two of the regular speakers of former years could not be obtained.
Cornelia Otis Skinner
with a pMesentation of “The Wives
of HenrjwVIII.” One observer re-
ntal ked thfc she not only poirtrayed the characters of the wives of the much-wedded monarch, but made her audience feel the sinister presence of Henry himself. Versatile Since that time she has developed a number of characterizations, some of which she will present tonight. Versatility has been acclaimed one of Miss Skinner’s attributes by a number of critics. They speak of her ability to faithfully present a comedy piece such as “An American Girl on a French Telephone,” and then completely change into a portrayal of gloomy helplessness such as “Hotel Porch.”
7n France The Men Who Make The Wars Also Fight In Them," Declares Andre Philip
By Bob Donahue and John Trausott If the Congress of the United States should tomorrow vote the nation into a state of war, conscription plans would be announced within 24 hours, but they would not include the congressmen. In France today, those who voted for w^r are fighting it Andre Philip, last night’s convocation speaker, member of the French Chamber of Deputies and father of five children, is on leave of absence from his army post on the Western front. “We members of the parliament feel that since we are Frenchmen, we shall fight for France,” Philip stated with enthusiasm strange from an American view for a man who on May 1 must go back to an active position in World War II.
fessorship at the University of Lyons, seven more trips to the United States, and getting himself elected to the Chamber of Deputies, where he became immediately a member of the committees on finance and social reform under the popular front government.
America was in the midst of the Administration precipitated struggle over the neutrahty law revision last November when Philip plann^ his ninth visit to the country. On the plea of Premier Daladier the pecture tour was postponed to prevent the visit appearing as a “propaganda mission.”
No Stranger To U. S. No stranger to the United States is Philip. A member of the socialist party, he had a deep interest in the problems of labor and si^cial problems. Having received a doctorate in economics from the University of Paris, Philip came to this country in 1924, the recipient of a Rockefeller scholarship, to study social trends in American labor. And it was not merely observational, theoretical study. Philip studied American labor by becoming a part of it. In the plant of the initial exponent of mass labor and mass production, Henry Ford, and in the huge steel imlls at Gary, he worked. In the wlmt fields of the Dakotas, the lumber camps of Wisconsin, he gained practical knowledge of labor problems. In 1926 Philip published a treatise entitled “Labor Problems in America.” ]^ected To Chamber In the period from 1926 to 1936, Philip occupied his time with a pro-
Confident Of ^etory About the war, Philip seemed to l^ve undiluted confidence in an ultimate, allied victory. To him there are no “buts” or “ifs” about the matter; he says simply with Gallic charm, “France will not attack; she will continue her economic and political warfare and force Germany to attack either the Maginot line or in the Balkans. The thing that we French are hoping for is a German assault; we would end it quickly, then.”
The political situation in France since the downfall of the Daladier government, Philip believes, is healthful. As a socialist he naturally was gratified at the inclusion of the socialists in the Reynaud goyernmeiit, which he believes should survive indefinitely if it can hold ont during the next week. With an amused twinkle in his eye he commented that Reynaud was really an Englishman in temperament, and that perhaps it would be well replace Neville Cbamberlam with (Coatimied oa page 4)
y /PDBDUE EXPONENT
Tbunday. April 4, 1940
Slate Water Wortiers Triton Club Will Eled ^«cia
Meet Here Tomorrow Officers Tomorrow
Technical problems connected with water works operations will be the main topic for discussion at the thirty-third annual meeting of the Water Works Association to be held here tomorrow. Between 200 and 260 officials of water works throughout the state are expected to attend the two-day conference. President E. C. Elliott, Professor Robert Phillips, M. H. Schwartz, chairman of the Indiana section of the American Water Works Association and Harry E. Jordan, secretary of the national organization are among the speakers included on the program. Alpha Kappa Umbda . . . social fraternity announces the initiation of the following men: Robert H. Hass, West Lafayette; Doyle Kilty and Richard G. Parkison. Fort Wayne; James A. Meyer, La Porte; and Robert L. Perkins, Otterbein.
Buff Session
Well it begins to look as though the three little men who stuck up for G. Hall weren’t so far wrong. We noticed that in spite of all the hot air which has been wasted on the subject, there was still a line of people waiting to get tickets when they went on sale this morning. We also noticed that the majority of the people who aren’t willing to wait until they hear the little man before they condemn him, are the same group that does all the objecting around here. They’d probably kick if we gave them free tickets because they didn’t get a dinner along with them. Things are running quite true to form this year. No matter whom the committee gets each year there are a certain group of people who think that because the band they wanted wasn’t signed that anybody else would be terrible. Says I, “To HELL with them.” That isn’t the kind of students whose opinion really makes a difference anyway. —P. P. T.
Louisiana State University authorities recently had to publish the names of 36 students who had ^neglected to collect wages due them for N. Y. A. work.
Triton Club, co-ed swimming honorary, will hold its annual election tomorrow at 4 o’clock in the WAA office at the Women’s Gym. Nominations for position are as follows: president, Gwen Curry and Loraine Bemis; vice-president, Shirley Enihoff and Martha Rosencrans; and secretary-treasurer, Jean Stiegerwald and Geneva Heath. Dr. Zeran Addresses Indiana KIwanlans' Annual Conference “Himdreds of persons are hooked every year on correspondence courses,” declared Dr. Franklin R. Zeran, chairman of the national I^iwanis vocational guidance committee, in an address yesterday before approximately 30 Indiana Kiwanians attending the third annual Vocational Guidance Conference in the Union building. “As a national average, only two per cent of all those who enroll in correspondence courses ever get a job in their chosen field,” he pointed out. Some of the more popular mail courses, according to Dr. Zeran, are air-conditioning and television, each com’se offering very few opportunities, and airplane maintenance, which offers probably the best prospects of any of the correspondence courses. Other speakers at the conference included Indiana Kiwanis Governor George Leist of Columbus, Professor Russell J. Greenly of Purdue, B. F. Cox of Logansport, and J. P. Crodian of Peru, who presided. Musk Room Program Features Noted Tenor / Harry Bell, tenor, will appear in a program sponsored by the Student Union in the music room of the Union Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Bell, who teaches music in Chalmers, Indiana, has sung in several college musical productions and radio programs and has made recordings for pictures through Paramount and Columbia Studios. His accompanist for the music room program will be Mrs. Joseph Ragains. Student Union members in charge of the program are Janet Avery and Harold Knight.
with OTTO KRUGER BETTY MORAN
Starts TODAY
TODAY - FRI -2 PAYS ONUY
. . . social fraternity, announces the installation of the following officers: C. F. Bowman, president; A. E. Snyder, vice-president; R. J. Horth, secretary; J. M. Maish, treasurer; S. G. Betounes, social chairman; H. E. Gommel, house manager, W. T. Ruggles, historian# and G. R. Towle, sentinel. 'The following pledges are also announced: Henry Littell, New Cannaan, Conn., and Floyd Nyhart,
Greentown, Ind.
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOR SAXE—Typewritwra. All make*, •taadard and posliablei, aold. purchased, rented and repatoed. New port^Ia machine* as low as $29.76. Bnpxdiea. C. F. Ebershefl, 605 Main street. FOR SAXE—1986 Ford Deluxe Sport Phaeton. L. Berg, 112 East Oak St., W. X.
FOR RENT Rum—Rent-A-tlar Sonrle*. Can tor all occasion*. Min. $2.60 all night. Phon* 71644. LOST AND FOUND Xost: Monday—Slide rule with name of "Charles Schaefer” on it. Finder call 66868. Reward. \
Notices
Pnrdne Gymnastic Clnb: All members of the clnb who are to perform in the meet with Williams College are to 'trorkout their exercises April 5. Practice if being held every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, from 4 to 6 p. m. at the Fieldhonse. —MIDDXETON.
Sophomore Military Students: Advanced course list posted on the bulletin board in the armory. Read it and comply with instructions. (4-6) —WISEXOGBL.
Radio Club: Meeting postponed to Tuesday, April 9, at 7 ;80 in room 264 of the EE building.
All Xntheran Students: Dr. C. P. Harry will address members of Xutberan Students Association in room 282 of the Union, Thursday, April 4, at 7:16 p. m. All members are urged to attend and meet Dr. Harry. —HALL.
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, April 4 in room 804 of the Union at 7 p. m. —EADE.
Gimlet: Important dinner meeting at the Sigma Chi house Thursday, April 4 at 6 p. m. Final selection of pledges. —FBAZEE.
WAA Basketball: Girls interested in going to the basketball playday at Chicago on Saturday, April 6, must report for practice every night this week at 6 p. m. —FRASER.
ARC
—TODAY - FRI. - SAT.CHARI.ES STARRETT — IN — "WESTERN CARAVANS' —-and — ANNA MAY WONG — IN — "Island of Lost Men" — ALSO —
WRCiBCU;
-TODAY - FRI. - SAT.-
-2 FIRST RUN HITS—
•'IT... •'‘"’fttii-oiSSs#''
PLUS -
fromTEXM
Physic* 1 B Conditions: Examinations will be held in room 216 of the dhem. and met. building, Saturday, April 6, at 1 p. m. —SHERMAN.
Fraternity Presidents’ Conni;il: Regular meeting postponed until Thursday, April 11, because of conflict with Gimlet meeting. 4-4 , —CATTERALL.
G E 35: Removal of conditions Examination April 13. Make arrangements for taking the examination in room 109 before Friday, April 12. —OWEN.
Newman Club: Discussion group 1 will meet Wednesday, April 8, in room 261 of the Union at 7:80 p. m. Group 2 will meet Thursday, April 4, in room 261 at 7:80 p. m. Catholic students are urged to attend either of these two groups. , —GARTY,
Ohiicron No: Meeting Thursday, April 4, in room 107 of the Home Ec building. —B(ORWITZ, Wesley Foundation: Folk games Party Saturday evening, April 6, at the Methodist church at 8 p. m. Free. All welcome, especially couples. —MCFADDEN. Purdue Aeromodelers: There will be an important business meeting Friday, April 6, at 7:80 p. m. in the club room. Prizes for the contest of May 19. will be decided upon. —HAEKER.
Dolphins apd Pledges: Rough initiation Thursday, April 4, from 6 to 6:80 p. m. at the pool. Initiation banquet Friday, April 6, in the Union. Call Siler for reservations. No charge. —HARRIS.
Physical Education for Women: A class in beginning golf has been opened Wednesday and Friday at 8 p. m. Registration still open in advanced horse-back riding class Monday at 1:80 p. m. All classes will atari: Thursday, April 4. —HAZELTON.
Freshmen: All those interested in outdoor track report to Koss-Ade Stadium Friday, April 6, at 4:30 p. m. —WILKENING.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 7:30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Gordon Enders will speak. A short business meeting will follow. —TERRIO.
“Sweethearts” Salesmen: Please check with business manager in playshop office Thursday, April 4, the amount of tickets sold to date. Turn in money immediately. ^ —McKEE.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Election of oSicers for next year will be held next Sunday, April 7. —BRAND.
Pi Tau Sigma: Actives will howl the honorary members Fridw, April 6, at 6:80 p. m. in the Union. Let’s have a representation from both sides. , —EILERING.
Laboratory Group of Playshop: The number of hours for all those who have worked on the laboratory group at Playshop are posted in Fowler H^. See them April 4-5. —KEPNER.
Silver Mask: ^^gular meeting Thursday, April 4, at 7:80 p. m. in room 806 of the Union. » —WELDY.
Pi Tqu Sigma: Please get catalogue cards from Jane Templeton in ME office. When card is returned, you will receive a copy of the Condenser. (4-8) —EILERING.
Ag Ed Meeting: There will be an Ag Ed meeting Thursday, April 4, at 7:89 p. m. in room 201 of the education building. All members are urged to be present. —HIMES.
YWCA Cabinet: No regular meeting Thursday, April 4. Retreat Saturday, April 6, at 817 N. Salisbury at S p. m. All cabinet members please be {here. * —COOLEY.
Concert Choir: April 4.
No rehearsal Thursday, —CARLQUIST.
Baseball Call-ont for Women: April 4, 6, 9, 11, 12 at 4 p. m. at the Intramural field. Three practices are required. —PIDGEON.
CAA: All students defiicient in meteorology must take a makeup examination in this subject Thursday, April 4, at 7 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering
Ruxton— Brown calf with bootmaker finish.
All the things a man looks for in fine quality shoes are represented in these handsome models. Their points of superior value stand out in the smart, styling, the fine grade of pliant leathers, and the careful workmanship that you cad see at a glance. In the smart new hand finishes that are such a big hit this spring. SATTERFIELD’S 524 Main St.
SPONSORED BY
JhiL (hmJucan,
duxilkuuf.
APRIL Sth
Lafayette Armory
Tickets May Be Purchased At
Deacs
Weslr Desk of Union
DANCING S to 1
Sth & Union
building. Failure to take or pass this examination will bar the student from taking the written examination for private pilot’s rating next Tuesday. —WICKBRSHAM. PEW Bowling Classes: First meeting will be at regular hour in Women’s Gymnasium. Bring fee at this time. _ _ (4-6) —CASE.
PEW Horseback Riding Classes: All membei?s are required to meet at the Women’s Gymnasium at 4 p. m. Friday, April 6. —CASE.
All Students: Will those subscribers to Scriveners who did not receive their copy phone Metz, 8421, or Alexander, 2678. (4-11) .. —METZ. Pnrdne Sportswomen: Active meeting Thursday, April 4, at 6 p. m. in WAA office. —MATHER. SC A Purchasing Agents: Meeting in room 282 of Union Thursday, April 4, at 4:15 p. m. Make a list of all supplies in which you may be overstocked. , —DE LA CROIX. I
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPRN ADVANCED Thurs. April 4th, 6:30 p.m. BEGINNER'S Fri. April 5th, 6:00 p.m. ALL CHILDERN'S CLASSES SATUpAY APRIL 6th 'phone 21 so AULSIN^S 6th and Fcanry
B & W Shoe Co.
Inyiting you to enjoy carefree comfort —and cool ?ase in these handsome knockabout Crosby Square Shoes... And there’s an air of distinction that tells of forbears at famous resorts... Get a pair now for real Summer fun. Exclusive Agent for Bostonian $7.85 Crosby Squire $5.00 Jarman $5.00 Fortune $4.00 B & W Shoe Co. 121 N. 4th St.
NEW LUXURIOUS SEATS
NaUI
TODAY - TOMORROW ONLY TWO MORi DAYS
His . . . The Greatest Adventure of All! .. Nowdazzlingiy brilliant on the SCREEN! ROBERT E. SHERWOOD'S Pulitzer Prize Drama
gene LOCKHART RUTH GORDON MARY HOWARD OOROTHY TREE STARTS SATURDAY MORNING 10:00 A. M.
iialtilisney’s rUU UN6TH FEATURE IN TECHNICOLOR Pinocchio
EVEN BETTER THAN "SNOW WHITE
i-A,
’^s ,':V'CA#T;
ThUrsdoyt April 4# ld40
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
* •
iuddaAk Qlfwksi By Bobert J. Deckard Spring has come, The grass has riz; We wonder where The flowers iz. ' —B & B stuff. And, my chuihs, we wonder •whether you have bought one of those pasteboards that admits you to the Pittsburgh Pirate - Purdue Boilermaker baseball .game at 3 p, m. Friday, April 12, on the RossAde Field . . . Just a tip—they’re moving along fastr... So get ’em early.
Having emanated from the West* ern Conference Bureau Serviee; Chicago, a batch of athletic statistics covers this department’s desk about knee deep as-we write this column . . . And as we dote on statistics or anything that has figures attached, we just can’t get the optics off’n the dern stuff. '—^fc— There is a 1940 Big Ten baseball schedule, and under that we find 1939’s conference baseball standings, with other stuffvfollowing. . . According to these data, Iowa’s Hawkeyes will be defending champs this year, having won eight and lost three last year, vrith Indiana as the runner-up . . . Down in the seventh spot are six letters: Purdue . . . Five won, five lost. 4! * —fc— Then under the department marked “I^eading Batsmen, 1939,” we; find that tow-headed Felix Mackie-
£xfiomni Spo/dA fiaqn
Rolfe Jenkins, Sports Editor
Night Editor, Marqnis
wicz, slugging Boilermaker hotcorner man, garnered post number eight, with an average of .368 . . . Ten games, 38 times at the pan, eight runs, 16 hits, 23 total bases. . . . And Mack poled out a brace of round-trippers . .. Hmmm, not bad, we think. “Make it short!” yells ye devilish nite editor ... So we cut her here.
ormaid
2).
unced
VA
for the
umor' We’ve assembled just the clothes you need and love . . . cri^p and tempting young new cottons . . . filmy chiffons . . . lovely, laces . . . organdies and rustling taffetas, thin waists, amusing ribbons, ruffles and lace trims . . . pastels, prints and whites. A large selection . . . each dress with an individuality all its own.
If you feel that you should have a gorgeous new formal for that all important spring dance, come to Palais Royal. We con supply just the dress to fit your individual, personality;
Prices Start at
j'
7.95
See bur fine selections of: Evening Wraps Formal Slips Formal Bags Formal Gloves Evening Sandals Evening Jewelry
Phone 5900
415 Main
FiistCallForWSGA Counsebn Today First call-out meeting of WSGA. counselors for freshman and transfer women will be held this afternoon at 4 p, m. in the women’s lounge in the Union. The counseling and faculty advisory systems will be explained and an outline of the spring and summer worlc will be presented. Next year will inaugurate the faculty advisory system.' Follow-up meetings will be held on April 9, with Di-. E. G. William-, son, personnel administrator at the University of Minnesota, and on April 16, with Dr. Lee Vincent, psychologist at the Merrill-Palmer School in Detroit speaking on counseling. Both lecturers will speak to combined groups of men and women counselors and faculty members . on problems of counseling. All co-eds with at least a 3.5 average who will be sophomores, juniors, or seniors next year and wish to be counselors are expected to attend this afternoon’s meeting. Wrestlers Leave For National AAU Meet Accompanied by the Boilermaker wrestling mentor, Claude Eeeck, four Riveter grapplers left late yesterday afternoon for the National A.A.U. championships to be held Friday and Saturday at Ames, la. Casey Fredricks,^ outstanding
Baseball Week To Feature Pirate-Boilermaker Tussle Topping two strenuous days of baseball in which Dutch Pehring’s lads will have been exchanging swats with last yeaPs Big Ten kings from Iowa City on April 10-11, National League in the shape of the Pittsburgh Pirates invades Ross-Ade field on April 12 for a climax wind-up to the highly publicized “baseball week” here on the Purdue campus. In view of the tremendous early '
interest shown by both townspeople and Purdue students, bleachers having a seating capacity of approximately 05OOO are. being erected for the afternoon’s National League - Collegiate diamond tussle. General admission tickets priced at only 76 cents have already been placed on sale by mail order and are moving rapidly, with the remaining tickets to be released on the afternoon of the game. A limited number of reserved seat tickets priced at $1.00 ai’e now being sold but will be unavailable at game time, being handled solely through advanced sales. Diamond Movies As the opening feature of this week dedicated to America’s favorite pastime, arrangements have been made for two showings of the official American League motion picture, “Touching All Bases,” in the lecture room' of the Electrical Engineering Building on Monday, April 8. Members of the Jefferson and West Lafa^tte high school baseball squads have been invited to attend the afternoon showing at 4:3(1 o’clock, while the evening showing at 7:30 will be primarily for Boilermaker fans. The Pirate nine is planning to take the field in full strength Boilermaker matman, who was defeated in a double overtime in the semi-finals of the national collegiate championships, will compete for title honors in the 118 pound class. Fredericks captured the crown in his division in the recent Midwest A.A.U. meet and was undefeated during the dual meet season.
FOR SENIORS ONLY
R E N T A L $1.25
$1.25
CAP and GOWN own 450 Bachelor caps and gowns, we will rent them to you for $1.25. When these are gone; the same gown but from out of town, will rent for $2.00. Save 75c by signing up early. No graduation, no obUgation. You may leave orders with campus representatives or at our store.
MASTERS FOR $1.50
X
SOUTHWORTH'S COLLEGE BOOK STORE
against the Boilermaker squad, according to Pittsburgh authorities, and Boilermaker ball fans fortunate endugh to gain entrance will see Fehring’s moundmen pitted against such well-known sl^uggers as Paul and Lloyd Waner, and former home run king Chuck Klein, One Year Ago A spring deluge which turned the spacious baseball planl; out on the Ross-Ade recreation field into a sea of mud, caused last year’s scheduled game with the Smoky City nine, at which time Ross-Ade field was to have been formally dedicated, to be cancelled. This year’s event while not featming a formal dedication, will be the scene of colorful pre-game ceremonies which will add to the afternoon’s entertaimnent and will be of a dedication nature. Baseball lettermen of former years will join in the flag raising along with many prominent guests who will be present for the occasion, after which Purdue’s popular President Elliott will open the battle by tossing in the first ball. Oldtimer and former swat king Hans Wagner, is expected to be on hand to receive President Elliott’s toss. Wednesday and Thursday afternoon’s tussles against the championship Hawkeye nine will probably be marked by hard play, especially on the part of an Iowa team seeking to avenge last year’s 4-1 defeat at the hands of the Boilermakers. Riveter pitcher Bob Bailey, then only a sophomore, held the Hawkeyes to a scanty three hits in last spring’s ball game.
5*. * 1,'///'
mi f
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Thursday, April 4, 1940
But
Purdue Exponent
Theta tau
K. E. lnsler W. E. Smith.
Edltor-in>CIite( . Bnsiness ManiiKer
By Vladimir We’re sorry, but you came in at just the wrong time. For the past hour we’ve been cleaning out our files, and now that you’re aroimd we just can’t throw our old material away. You’ll have to stay and listen. We note an excerpt from a column sent in to the Exponent from out-of-town sources has given a criticism of the movie “We Are Not Alone.” Says the column, “Bring an extra hanky for your date. The walk back to the dorm will be cast over with deep thought and philosophical musings. The good night kiss should be warm and thankful. Muni is good.” Yes, and YOU be good, too. But don’t miss that warm and thankful kiss. it: 45 3k ^ In our notes we see that Don Bundy of Oberlin writes a column called “Doric, a Column of Pure Beauty.” 45 * A U. S. Department of Labor release just cropped up. It relates to the restitution of more than $100,000 in back wages to the employees of the Hump Hairpin Mfg. Co. How this got in our files, we’ll never know.- Wait till we turn the page. Ah, here we have it. It seems the company had a home-work system for carding pins, and children were doing it at night. Mr. O’Malley, of the labor department, said, “The children were kept awake long hours night after night and as a result they fell asleep in
D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, managiiiK editor; E. t/L Antonini, senior advertising manager; G. Schilling, co-ed editor; B. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Edil’orial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Entered as second class matter at the post office in La. fayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the r'egular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc; New York, N. T. , All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Night Editor, DeHoog Ass’t. Night Editor, Heaton Day Editor, Burtsiield Thursday, April 4, 1940.
school. Their education was seriously hampered and their health impaired.” Mr. O’Malley holds that they should have “the right to study and play and lead the normal existence to which all American children are entitled.” We would like to call Mr. O’Malley’s attention to the life of a Purdue stildent engineer. The Hump Hairpin Mfg. Co. is reputed to be one of the largest hairpin mfg. concerns in the wprld, says the sheet. Well, Purdue ain’t so small.
As Star And Leader When the Pittsburgh Pirates land in Lafayette for their encounter with the Boilermaker^ diaihondmen on April 12, one of baseball’s most colorful figures will be on hand to exhibit a little of the managerial ability which enabled him to be the last National League pilot to win a World Series. Frankie Frisch has long been classed as one of the diamond’s most outstanding figures and when Bill Benswanger signed him to manage his club he brought to it an aggressiveness that has become a part of the Bucs. , Frankie plays to win and winning ball is the only kind-he can tolerate. He is known as one of baseball’s hardest losers; a reputation which is a credit to him because a hard loser produces a consistent winner.
. . . professional enginbering fraternity, announce^ the initiation of the following men; C. P. Beckert, Chicago, 111.; D. W. Chrisman, Columbus; R. J. Cores, ShelByville; C. L. Good, Warren; J. Dudzifiski; Chicago, 111.; and W. Miller, Port Wayne. The Old Flash demands that his players show the same spirit for which he himself is noted. To linger long on the roster of a Frisch managed club a man has to be on his toes every minute. Pennant Bound? With the spirit that Frankie instills into his men he has caused the pennant stock of the Pittsburgh club to Climb many points this spring. His smart generalship put the Bucs in a position where they can hardly fail to be in the thick of the Nations^-League flag flight from start to finish. Frankie is a product of Fordham University where he learned the
*ln France theMen (Continued from page 1) ' - ■' -■ ---1 Winston Churchill, whom he described as a “misplaced Frenchman.” ■ ' In, two weeks Philip will return to France, And he is going in a French boat. “The chances of a French boat getting torpedoed are 800 to 1, and the chances are 100 per cent that the food on an Italian boat will be atrocious.”
type of bail which has made him one of the greatest players the game has ever seen, a hero of eight World Series, and now a successful manager. Series Heiro His crowning achievement was in 1934 whon he lead the Cas House Gang from St. Louis to the world championship over the Detroit Tigers. It was the Old Flash himself who delivered the death blow in the form of a base-sweeping double iii the third inning of the final game.
■■itV
Chicago AIME Chapter Meets Here April 27 Chicago Section of the American Institute of Metallurgical Engineers will hold its spring field meeting here on the campus on Saturday, April 27. The Purdue Student Chapter of AIME will be host to approximately fifty guests and their wives both for a dinner at the Union and for other entertainment. Tickets will be sold only to student associates and are priced at sixty cents. President E. C. Elliott, Dean A. A. Potter, and Professor J. L. Bray -will address the group.
Annual Conference Closes As 250 Coal Merchanls Hear Talks On Equipment Equipment suitable for burning midwestern coals, particularly those produced in Indiana and Illinois, was described in detail here yesterday morning as one of the features of the closing sessions of the annual coal conference on the campus. The two-day session, held in cooperation with the Indiana Coal Merchants Association and Coal Trade Association of Indiana, has attracted an attendance of nearly 250 users, distributors, and producers.
The afternoon, and final session, consisted of several talks on the problem of boiler feedwater treatment of Indiana water.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEACr Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
• Dine
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vk Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 ; Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St. Phone 4781 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• jewelers
R. C. EISINBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Rest. Supplies
‘ • Florists
SPECIAL DECORATED OR CREST AND MONOGRAM CHINA GILLESPIE'S 221'/2 Col. St. Phone 6405
Dorner's Flower Shc^ Quality Flowers AAain at 7th Phone 6050
ate ^ each
UNDIES FOR CHILDREN
YOUR CHOICE OF PANTIES BLOOMERS VESTS
• Reinforced at all points of , strain. • Long life elastic. • Knit rayon fabrics that wear and wear. • Need no ironing.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St.
Proved in Every Class Room at Purdue In every classroom you will find students wearing Crown Cleaned Clothes. Maybe you wonder what this means to you. Clothes, Crown Cleaned are moth proofed by Monite Process which protects garments against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again. — NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR THIS SERVICE — Crown Laundry m W E. e L E A'W E B S O F F I W E CLOTH E S
featuring
PATSY GARRETT
and PAUL DOUGLAS
of FRED WARING’S
CHESTERFIELD Wkefi smokevs turn to Chesterfield
/they enjoy all the good qualities a ciga-
Hye Nights a Week rette Can give. Chesterfields are definitely
, MILDER.. .Chesterfields are COOLER-SMOKING
.. . Chesterfields TASTE BEHER.
89 N. B. C. Stations
These three good things and everything about Chesterfields,,, their size, shape and the way they burn,,, make them the cigarettes that SATISFY.
Copyright 1940, ' IiocBTT Si Myebs Tobacco Co.
Tocfay's Definitely Milder^ Cooler^Smoking Better^-Tasting Cigatette
,, y